SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The manner in which the Governor's speech was received in the Legislative Assembly, which was described in our last summary, predicted a stormy session. The prediction has been amply fulfilled, and it is now evident that be- fore many days are past there must be a dissolution or a change of Ministry. The whole of the month has been occu- pied by the debate on the finan- cial statement made by the Trea- surer on the 8th inst. The balance sheet for 1869 was most satisfactory showing a sum to the credit of the present year of no less than £169,807. The Treasurer estimated the total revenue for the current year, including the balance from 1869 and recoups from loans, at £3,759,918, and proposed to spend £3,750,852, leaving £9,066 to be carried to the credit of 1871. The Treasurer, Mr. Graham Berry, laboured under two disadvantages in making his statement. He has never been engaged in mercantile pursuits, and has but a very limited acquaintance with them. Conse- quently he was not in a position to form a very accuiate conception of the present state of trade, and hence his estimate of the probable revenue from the Cus- toms was almost unanimously con- demned as excessive. Then Mr. Berry had been in office but a few weeks before Parliament assembled, .and during that time he had been engaged in a contested election. He therefore had had but a limited time in which to prepare his budget. The consequence was that, although the speech exhibited a large amount of industry and research, it was not so carefully prepared as it perhaps might have been under more favourable circumstances. The state- ment was made on the 8th of March, and on the following evening it was vigorously attacked by the late Chief Secretary, Mr. McCulloch. The debate has been continued ever since, and by almost every one competent to form an opinion upon the question, the estimates of revenue have been considered as being in excess of what is likely to be the probable income, whilst the expendi- ture has been condemned as far too large for the colony. It is, how- ever, but fair to state that in the proposed expenditure is included a sum of £200,000, specially appropriated annually by the Land Act of 1869, either for making new railways, or for buying up and cancelling the railway debentures. During the debate two amendments were moved. The first was by Captain MacMahon, and was to the effect that supplies should only be granted for six months, on the basis of 1869\. This was moved in a friendly spirit and accepted by the Ministry, but the Op- position perceiving the difficulty in which the present Ministry were placed re- fused to assent to it, and it was nega- tived without a division. Mr. Mac- gregor then moved another amendment, which directed the Ministry to take back the Estimates and revise them, so as to bring them within the probable revenue for the year. Mr. Macgregor said he had no wish that his amendment should be regarded as a vote of want of confidence, and the Government declined to accept it in that light, although some members of the Admin- istration severely attacked Mr. Mac- gregor for his conduct. The Oppo- sition, however, declared that no Ministry could accept such a motion without disgrace, and after a dis- cussion remarkable for its acerbity, and for the personalities which were indulged in, it was carried with- out a division. This occurred on Thursday night. The Treasurer, imme- diately on Mr. Macgregor's motion being carried, moved that the House on Tues- day next should resolve itself into com- mittee of supply, but the Opposition objected, and an amendment, "That this House do now adjourn," was car- ried instead. Such is the present political position. No doubt is entertained but that next week the Ministry must resign or the Governor allow them to appeal to the country. The Chief Secretary declares that Ministers will not abandon their places, save on a direct vote of want of confidence, so that members may be obliged to declare themselves, and insists that a series of resolutions for regu- lating the public expenditure of the colony, brought down by him during the financial debate, shall be first considered. The debate, therefore, cannot even now be considered over, but in all proba- bility Tuesday next will see its close. Judging from the temper of the House, it is not likely that members will consent to go on with the consideration of the resolu- tions, but will content themselves with ne- gativing the proposition that the Speaker do leave the chair. It is very currently reported that an understanding has been arrived at between the late Chief Secre- tary, Mr. McCulloch, and some of the leading members of the Constitutional party, and that the next Government will be the result of a powerful coali- tion. Consequent upon the unsettled condi- tion of political affairs, and the uncer- tainty which prevails as to the sum which Parliament may consent to devote to the service, the new immigration regu- lations, which have been previously pub- lished, will not, according to the latest Gazette notice, come into operation until the 12th of next month. Indeed, it is most probable that their operation will be still further postponed, since, whether there be a resignation of the Ministry or a dissolution, it will be some time before the subject can possibly come under the consideration of the Legis- lative Assembly. This is to be regretted, as labour is very scarce, and will be still scarcer, for the North-Eastern Rail- way will be immediately commenced, and the contractors a short time before the period for sending in tenders expired obtained an extension of time for the completion of the work from 20 to 23 months, on this very account. The news of the successful negotiation of the remainder of the Victorian 5 per cent. railway loan at £101 5s. 9d. was received with satisfaction in the colony. Tenders for the construction of the first four sections, amounting in all to 56 miles, of the North-Eastern Railway have been accepted—provisionally upon the figures being found correct. The accepted tender is at the rate of £5,230 per mile. Large quantities of land have been taken up under the new act, and the applications are so numerous that the officers of the department are hardly able to transact the business devolving upon them. As the regulations become better known they will, however, work more smoothly, and the difficulties which were at first encountered will disappear. Great regret was manifested at the intelligence received by the last mail of the death of Sir Charles Darling, and much sympathy was felt for Lady Darling, especially when it became known that she was left in very em- barrassed circumstances. Both Houses of Parliament adjourned out of respect to the memory of the late Governor of the colony, and subsequently unani- mously agreed in passing a bill, which has since received the Royal assent, securing to Lady Darling a pension of £1,000 a year, and settling the sum of £5,000 upon her four sons, to be divided equally amongst them upon their attaining their majo- rity. It is worthy of notice that the first step towards making this handsome provision for the family of Sir Charles Darling was taken in the Legislative Assembly by the Hon. Mr. Fellows, the leader of the Constitutional party, by whom the political acts of the late Governor were so strenuously and honestly opposed. SOCIAL. Whilst there have been heavy and destruc- tive floods in the neighbouring colonies of New South Wales and Queensland, and visi- tations of a like character but of less severity in one or two districts in our own colony, the greater portion of the Victorian territory is suffering from an unusual prolongation of the dry season. Complaints are numerous in the up-country papers of the difficulties which squatters and those engaged in agricultural pursuits have to contend with, owing to the absence of rain or moisture of any kind. The grass has been burned up, and the creeks in many districts completely dried. With one or two exceptions, the squattters in the north are compelled to resort to the axe to keep their stock alive. On all the stations men are employed cutting down the timber, from the bark of which the sheep obtain temporary relief. It is believed that unless the rain sets in during the present month, the result will be most disastrous. The rainfall, as reported by the Government astronomer, is considerably below the average for the last 10 years. Many of the inland lakes are be- coming rapidly dried up. From the Mary- borough district accounts arrive to the effect that the cattle are beginuing to show signs of the scarcity of feed. Many of the animals have not recovered last year's drought, and unless a change should soon occur, large numbers must succumb to the want of water. The most recent telegrams from the Sale district, situated on the south-eastern coast line, bring intelligence of heavy rain, fol- lowed by dangerous floods. At Bairnsdale more particularly great damage has been sustained. The usual precautionary mea- sures were adopted to prevent loss of life, but nevertheless two persons are said to have been drowned near Heyfield, and the bridge at Stratford has been carried away. On the afternoon of the 26th a thun- derstorm, accompanied by a heavy fall of rain, burst over Melbourne. The weather had been threatening for some days pre- viously, and it was thought that the rain would have continued for several days. These expectations were, however, disap- pointed, as the weather on the 27th was again fine and dry. The rain which has fallen cannot fail to prove of the utmost value to those districts by which it has been visited, and it would seem to have extended to many of those inland. The Hon. John O'Shanassy and the Hon. Charles Sladen are amongst those upon whom Her Majesty has recently conferred the dis- tinction of Companionship of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. The dignity was simultaneously offered to the late Chief Se cietary (Mr. M'Culloch), but he did not con- sider the honour worthy the acceptance of so eminent a man as himself, and caused it to be understood that nothing but knighthood would content him. His wishes have been gratified, and he has been created a Knight Bachelor ; but it will scarcely be soothing to his feelings to learn from a despatch which Earl Granville forwarded to His Excellency the Governor by the last mail, that whatever Mr. M'Culloch's opinion on the subject may be, in England, at any rate, the companion- ship of an order like the Bath or St. Michael and St. George, is valued even more highly than knighthood. Tenders for the first instalment of the new Noith-East line of railway-viz., the 56 miles between Essendon and Seymour-have been accepted by the Board of Land and Works. The work was offered in four divisions, threo of 15 miles and one of over 10.5 miles, but the tenderers had the option of tendering for the whole. Forty-one tenders were sent in, in- cluding nine for the whole work, and tho lowest was announced to be that of Mr. W. Porter, whose price was £293, COO 13s. 3d. for the entire line, or an average of £3,230 per mile. The time for completing the work has been extended bj; three mouths, and the period within which the contract must bd finished is now 23 months. The alteration waB made at the urgent request of the ten- derers, who waited upon the Commissioner of Eaflways a few days before the tenders were opened, and represented that in the present state of the labour market it would be difficult for the successful tenderer to get labourers, and more particularly stonemasons, in sufficient numbers to enable him to finish the contract in the time originally specified. The .«mains of the late Hon. John M'Crae, M.L.C., wore interred in the St. Kilda Gene- ral Cemetery on the afternoon of Saturday, 5th March. The funeral was numerously attended, there being present roany leading citizens and members of both Houses of the Legislature. The pall-bearers were the Hon. James M'Culloch, the Hon. Geo. Eolfe, tho Hon. F. Hobertson, the Hon. C. J. Jenner, the Hon. A. Fraser, Mr. MacBain, M.L.A., and Mr. Muir. The painful duty has again to be performed of recoiding the death of several well-known and respected colonists. Mr. Chas. James Dawson, whose death occurred on the 17th March, was one of the most distinguished members of the Victorian bar. Ho entered Hist at the Inner Tomplc, and was called to tho bar by that society on the 5th May, 18.S. Ho ivas admitted to the Victorian bar ni tbe early part ol 1853, and at once obtained a considerable practice. About three years ago ho was attacked with paralysis, and withdraw altogether from the practico of his profession in tho middlo of ¿808. Ho never entered J political life, although, be was often asked to become a candidate for Parliament, and was once offered the Attorney-Generalship. 1 A couple of weeks since he had so far re- covered that he was expected to be able to return to practice before the next sittings, and the news was received amongst the bar generally with great satisfaction. He was retained in sevoral cases for the ensuing sit- tings, but unfortunately the hopes of his ulti- mate recovery were destroyed by his catching a cold, which brought on an illness from which he died a few days afterwards. Mr. Dawson was at one time a frequent contri- butor to the English Law Magazine. His loss at the bar will not bo easily supplied. Death has also removed another old colonist and respected public servant, Mr, John Guthrie, assistant commissioner of Customs, who died at Panshanger, near Longford, Tasmania, where he had been residing for the last month ¡for the benefit of his health. Mr. Guthrie spent the greater part of his life in the public service of this and tho neighbour- ing colony of Tasmania. A lamentable accident has occurred at Terang, by which Mr. Hobt. C. Gladstone, a cousin of the Premier of England, lost his lifo. Air. Gladstone was riding a young horse in tho township of Terang, near the re- sidence of the Hon. Neil Black, with whom he was connected by relationship, and when near the cricket ground, was observed by a Mr. Rees, a resident in the township, to ap- parently be nnablo to control the horse. Whether this was the case or not, Mr. Glad- stone was eithor thrown off, or jumped off tho horse, and so fell on the ground on his back, retaining a hold of the reins. The animal plunged about, and either trampled upon or kicked him in the chest and stomach. It was seen that severe injuries had been received, and medical aid was at once procured. Nothing could be done, how- ever, to savo the patient's life, and after lingering for two days, Mr. Gladstone died, the immediate cause of death, as certified to by the medical men, being rupture of the liver. The deceased gentleman was a young man of a genial and engaging disposition, and held the good-will of every person with whom he had been brought in contact. His re- mains were followed to tho burying place, the Terang cemetery, by a largo number of the residents of the district, and tho tradespeople of Terang showed their respect, to the de- ceased by closing all their places of business. In accordance with the arrangements pre- viously announced, the second battalion of the 14th Regiment embarked on the 19th March on board tho Walmer Castle, which had been chartered to convey them to Eng- land. The battalion, which is under the com- mand of Lieutenant-Colonel Trevor, C.B., numbered only 320 rank and file. Some of the officers had obtained permission to return home by the overland route, the names of tho officers who em harked with the regiment being - Colonel W. C. Trevor, CB. ; Major E. K. Jones, Captains E. W. Saunders, M. S, Morgan, J. D, Bradley, John Clancy, G. L. Bryce, John Wilson, A. R. Keogh, Lieutenants W. B. Churchward, A. W. Noyes, W. C. Barno, W. K. Barrett, Ensigns P. Crosbie, A. Rutledge, J. G. B. Lye, C. S. Gordon, Paymaster G. E. Earle, Adjutant II. L. Woodlands, Quartermaster J. Mills, Assist- ant Surgeon (20-1th) Bennett, Staff Assistant Surgeon Chandler. The battalion left Eng- land in 1860, under the command of Colonel Austin, C.B., and has since seen a good deal of active service in New Zealand. The Walmer Castlo sailed on Thursday, 24th March. The night before she left her anchorage in the bay, which was about half a milo off Gellibrand's Point, three of tho soldiers stripped themselves and jumped into the sea with the intention of deserting. Two of them succeeded in reach- ing Williamstown, where they were arrested by the police, who took them to the ship just as she was leaving. As nothing has yet been heard of the third man, it is supposed that lie wai drowned. The picnic to which the proprietors of 'The Argus and The Australasian annually invite the employes on the staffs of thoso twe journals and their families, was hold on Saturday, March 19, on tho Flemington racecourse. It was a most enjoyable affair, and everything went off exceedingly well. Shortly before noon tho guests, numberinf over 100, wore taken by special train to th( Flemington course, where they were enter taincd at a banquet. A variety of amuse ments, arranged with a view to suit the taste of all, were piovided, and helped to maki the afternoon pass quickly away. Mr. Charles Mathews arrived in the colony by the R.M.S. Geelong, and has been warmly welcomed in literary and dramatic circles. He is to be entertained at dinner to-nighi by tho Yorick Club, the members 'of whict are all more or less connected with literature, science, or art. Notwithstanding the large reduction thai was made at the beginning of the year in tht charges for telographic messages delivered within the colony-equivalent to upwards o! 100 pur cent.-the revenue from that soura for February oxceeded that for the corre sponding month of last year. The Govern ment are also now in communication witt the other Australian Governments with tht view of reducing the intercolonial postagi feo on lettors from Cd. to 3d. Action has been taken by the Government on the report of the Railway Workshops Com- mission. Mr. Christy, the locomotive super intendent, and Mr. Houghton, superinton dent of the workshops, were both requested to send in their resignations, which they havi done, and it has now been determined to plací both departments under the control of the best practical engineer that can be obtained. Tin department has accordingly advertised fo applications to fill the situation, which is ti bo denominated that of general overseer o locomotives and workshops. Captain C. B. Payne¡ R.N., commander o the Nelson training ship, has been appointe! chief harbourmaster. Though he is in ever; way qualified for the position, some objectioi has been raised to the selection which ha been made on the ground that the claims o Captain Fullarton have been unfairly passei over. A meeting of merchants and ship owners has been held to protest against th appointment of Captain Payne, but scarcel; any of the leading firms took part in it. Th matter bas been briefly discussed in th Legislative Assembly, and a resolution disav proving of the course which has been takei has been given notico of by Dr. Macartney. The Mauritius correspondent of this journa stated, in a recent communication, that Si Henry Barkly has been appointed Gowrno of the Capo of Good Hope. He is to receiv tho samo salary as that enjoyed by'tli'i Governors of Mauritius, which is £2,000 "pa annum moro than the salary hitherto paii to Governors at the Cape. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce hav waited upon the Postmaster-General of Net South Wales to advocate the cstablishmun of a mail via California every; four weeks, s as to have, with the Suez service, a fortnightl mail. The proposal is under consideration. Mr. John Fairfax, the senior proprietor c the Sydney Morning Herald, has recently n ceived as a united present the photographs c nearly the whole of his employés, neatly ai ranged in an oval form and framed, the pictur being about'lft. by 2ft. Gin. in size. The cente figure is, of course, Mr. John Fairfax. O either sido are the photographs of the tw junior proprietorsof the Herald, Messrs. Jarac and Edward Ross Fairfax. In all there ar 109 photographs. On the top is a likeness c tho late Mr. Charles Fairfax, without wuos well-remembered face the donors thought th picturo would be incomplete. The presentí tion was accompanied-by an address, road b tho Rev. John West, the senior editor of th Sydney Morning Herald. A handsome presentation has been made to the Hon. E. Cohen, the present Com- missioner of Customs, by the Melbourne Hebrew congregation, of which he is a mem- ber. The presentation, which consisted of a magnificent silver epergne, accompanied by an address, took place at a banquet held in the Masonic hall, Lonsdale-street. There were present, besides a large number of the Hebrew congregation, most of the hon. gentleman's colleagues in the Mini- try, the Hon. J. O'shanassy, and several other members of Parliament, together with the Mayor of Melbourne, and other members of the City Council, of which body Mr. Cohen is an alderman. The guests altogether numbered about 150. The chair was taken by Mr. Isaac Jacobs, treasurer of the congrega- tion. The presentation was made by Mr. W Heymanson, and acknowledged by Mr. Cohen in an eloquent speech. Tits bust of Mr. Edward Wilson, subscribe! for by a number of his friends in Euclam and Aufltralia, and executed in marble b. Woolner, bas peen placed io the Melboucm Public Library. As a portrait, its fidelity and force has been recognised by all who are acquainted with the original. Mr. Woolner, in whom, as a former resident in Melbourne, his late fellow-colonists feel an additional in- terest, stands admittedly at the head of his profession in Great Britain, and anything from his hands is, therefore, greatly, to be prized. In the present instance, his skill as a sculptor would be stimulated and sustained by his private friendship for the gentleman whoso features ho has transferred to marble ; and the result is the production of a workof art which combines masterly treatment with conscientiousness of detail and careful finish, and which to those who aro unacquainted with his other works will explain the secret of his popularity, and justify the'praises ho has received from the best art-critics in Eng- land. Melbourne certainly runs very little risk of a failuro ol its water supply. An ofiicor of the Public Works department, who was in- structed to make in -viries with the view of ascertaining how many days' supply of wator the Yan Yean reservoir now contains, has reported that at the present rate of consump- tion-assuming that tho capacity of the reservoir has not been diminished by deposit from flood waters (luring the past 14 yean, and allowing for evaporation-the reservoir will afford a supply for about 15 months with- out rainfall or additional supplies from any fresh source. i St. Patrick's Day was celebrated in Mel- bourne by the Irish membors of tho com- munity with more than usual enthusiasm. A grand fete was held at the Friendly Societies' grounds, by tho St. Patrick's and Irish-Aus- tralian Catholic Benefit Societies, and in the evening a ball and suppei was given by the St. Patrick's Society. In the country districts tho day was celebrated by similar festivities. . The annual matriculation of students at the Melbourne University took place on Saturday, 5th March. Eighty-six student had passed tho examinations, and of theso 78 matriculated, the greator .portion, howover, enrolling themselves as not attending lec- tures. Dr. Brownless, the vice-chancellor, delivered his customary address to the studentR. Mr. E. P. S. Sturt, police magistrate, who returned by the lost English mail from a twelvemonth's visit to Europe, will enter upon his duties as police magistrate at the Melbourne City Court about the beginning of, April. A volunteer encampment, the first since 1867, is to be held this year at Easter. It is to be held on this occasion at Geelong. Another strike bas taken place at the Alfred Graving Dock, Williamstown. The laboureis employed upon the works met the contractor, and informed him that they had resolved to work henceforth eight hours por day instead of ten. The contractor, Mr. Irons, replied that ho was willing they should do so, pio vided they submitted to a proportionate re- duction in pay. This proposal the men un- hesitatingly declined, contending that thoir present rate of wages (7s. a day) was as little as they could do with. The men thon left the works, and soon afterwards the labourers employed at Mr. Irons's quarries, at the Williamstown Junction, struck work also. Tho mon have held meetings.on the subject, and have endeavoured, but without success, to obtain the interference of the Government in their behalf, and some of them havo re- sorted to the expedient of going about the streets of Williamstown appealing in a threatening manner to tho tradespeople for assistance to enable them to keep up the strike. ' A co-operative company of operative loco- motive engineers, foundrymen, railway car- riage and waggon makors, and others, has been formed for the purpose of treating with Mr. W. Williams for the purchase of his rail way- camago works for the manufacture of locomotives and rolling stock. The search party sent out for the purpose of discovering the four missing South Sea Islanders from tho wreck of the Marie Ga- brielle have returned, after an unsuccessful exploration of tho Otway Ranges, in which the unfortunate men are supposed to have been lost. Self-destruction, judging from the many suicides which have taken place during the past month, would appear to be epidemic. Something like a dozen have occurred in and about Melbourne within the last four weeks, some of them under somewhat remarkable circumstances. Mr. C. T. Maclachlan, for example, once the principal partner in a firm doing a large import business in Melbourne, poisoned himself at Scott's Hotel, in conse- quence, it is said, of a love disappointment. The most singular case was that of a chemist's assistant, named Geo. Thompson, who de- stroyed himself by taking prussic acid. The only reason his friends could give for his desire to put an end to his life was that his mind had become affected in consequence of his having joined the ranks of the "Spiritualists." The coro- ner's jury adopted the same view, declar- ing in their verdict their opinion that tho de- ceased was of unsound mind, " brought on through reading books on spiritualism." In another case, Thomas Lamb, a person living on his means, stabbed himself in several places with a pocketknife, and then took a dose of strychnine. The wounds were slight, but the poison proved effectual for the purpose for which it was taken. A painful sensation was created at Heidel- berg on the morning of the day upon which the annual show of the Victoria Agricultuial Society was held, by the intelligence that Mr. J. H, Boadle, a well-known farmer in the Plenty district, had beon found dead in one of the creeks near his own residence. The feeling was heightened by the circumstance that Mr. Boadle, who was an old settler and a leading member of the society in question, was to have been one of the exhibitors of stock at the show that day. The deceased had been suffering from congestion of tho brain, and from the position in which the body was found, it seems likely that while bathing his head in the creek he had becotno insensible, mid while in a state of uncon- sciousness bad fallen into the water. Draper, the late accountant of the Com- mercial Bank, Melbourne, has been com- mitted for trial on a further charge of em- bezzling £1,99012s. 10d., on the 1st February, 3809\. It was shown that the prise ner had re- ceived a cheque from Mr. Clarke, share broker, for the above amount, to pay into tho Commercial Bank, but that ho had instead used it to pay off his own private overdraft at the National Bank, and had made a cross entry of the amount at the foot of a London account of tho Commercial Bank. The annual assembly of the Movable Com- mittee of the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows in Victoria has been held at Castlemaine. It was shown by the report presented on the occasion that the total value of the lodge funds for the year 180!) was £108,375 12s. 9d., being an increase of £9,33019s. 3d. on tho previous year. The services rendered to the causo of Oddfellow ship in Victoria by the non. A. F. A. Greeves, P.G.M., were acknowledged by the members of the order, who had subscribed a sum of £500 for the endowment of tho Greeves M.U. Scholarship in the Melbourne University. Tho testimonial, which took this shape in accordance with Mr. Greeves's own wish, was presented to the recipient by the grand master of tho order (Mr. Zox), in the shape of a chequo for £500, for the purposo of founding the scholarship. Latterly there has beon quite a migration of settlers fiom South Australia over tho border to Victoria. In reply to questions for warded to a large number of correspondents in tho various agricultural districts of South Australia, it has been ascertained that the principal reasons why these changes aro tak- ing place aro the illiberal land system of South Australia, the advantageous terms on which settlers can acquire land under tho new act in Victoria, and the uncertainty of the South Australian seasons. An estimate, of the probable i «suits of the lato wheat crop of that colony, founded upon tho reports of intelligent correspondents in 80 different dis- tricts, has beon made by the South Australian Register. The conclusion arrived at, after a careful analysis of the returns, is that tho general average for tho colony will be quite six bushels per aero. Tho average tho pre- vious year was nine and two-thirds bushols, but tho j ear before it was only four and two thirds bushels. Fish from the Uiver Murray aro being transferred to tho waters of tho Avoca. Upwards of 500 Murray cod and trout havo been forwordod to tho Avoca Acclimatisation Society from Echuca, and havo beon placed in tko# Avoca ina most satisfactory condition. It is intended as soon as the propor soason arrives to take steps for stocking tho head- waters of tho Loddon and Coliban rivers with brown trout, which will bo supplied from tho ponds of the Victorian Acclimatisa- tion Society. Tho Acclimatisation Society of Victoria intends to exhibit some Victorian-grown Angora wool at the forthcoming Exhibition of 1871. It has beon invited to do so by a letter from the secretary to the South Ken- sington Museum, London. The long-promised bridge over the Murray at Moama is likely to be erected at last. The Governments of New South Wales and Victoria, it has beon stated in tho Legis- lative Assembly at Sydney, have_ ogreed upon a site for the bridge, and a design, pre- pared by a Victorian officer, has already beon adopted. The bridge is to bo built by the Victorian Government, New South Wales paying half of the cost, and it is to be so con- structed as to allow of its being used at some future time for railway purposes. A sum of £10,000 is already available for tho work. The ceremonies, of solemnly blessing and opening the Roman Catholic Church of St. Ignatius, Richmond, by the Very Revt Dr. Fitzpatrick, vicar-general, attracted a large concourse of persons, namely, about 1,200, or fully 200 more than tho building could con veniently hold. Signor Nori and Signor Dondi, of the Italian Opora Company, took part in the musical services. The new Roman , Catholic Church of St. Bridget's, Fitzroy, has also been opened for public worship. The twenty-eighth annual meeting of tho Victoria Auxiliary Biblo Society has been held at the Mechanics' Institute, Melbourne under the presidency of Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice. 'Ihe report showed that the con- dition of the society had improved consider- ably during 1869. The committee had been able to send a free contribution to_tho parent society on account of this society, in addition to the contributions from the branches. A society for tbo promotion of morality has been established in Melbourne, and is now in active oporation. The comraitteeis composed of a large number of influential gentlemen and clergymen. Two sub-com- mittees of their number have been formed, and are actively engaged in collecting in- formation and statistics for the guidance of the society's future efforts. The criminal records of the month supply one or two rather remarkable cases. The most prominent is that of the murder, or presumed murder, of a young woman named Susan Egan, whoso body was found in the River Yarra, presenting such appearances as indi- cated to the medical man who performed tho post-mortem examination, that the unfor- tunate girl had been first rendered insensible by either blows or kicks, and then thrown into the river. The girl, though she bad managed to obtain a respectable situation, and had kept it without giving suspicion to her employer, was not virtuous, and it was her practico to frequent at night the places of amusement to which women of her class resort. She had made the acquaint- ance of a young butcher named Henry Edwards, who, it was said, had promised to marry her if she would give up her mode of life, and conduct herself with propriety. She seems to have disregarded his wisnes in this respect, and on tho night of her doath, she persisted in " keeping company" with some foreigner, much to Edwards's chagrin. The deceased was last seen by her associates walk- ing with some man who resembled the pri- soner, upon whom suspicion immediately fell. He was arrested, and brought up in custody at tho coroner's inquiry, but after several days' investigation, the jury refused to fix the guilt upon any person, and roturned an open verdict. Edwards was therefore dis- charged, but he was re-arrested, and brought before the City magistrates, who, after hear- ing the same evidence as that brought for- ward at the inquest, committed him for trial. _ The projectors of a proposed match manu- factory, have been refused permission to oc- cupy a site for the purpose near the Mel- bourne wharves, on the ground that the manufacture of matches in the city would be injurious to the health of the inhabitants. The machinery for the largest works for irrigation yet attempted in these colonies, consisting of boilers and centrifugal pumps for raising water from the Lachlan River, New South Wales, to the Willandra Creek cutting, has been manufactured by Messrs. Wright and Edwards, engineers, of Melbourne. The machinery includes two multitubular boilers, each equal to 60-horse power, and two centrifugal pumps, each capable of raising the enormous quan- tity of 17,500 gallons of water per minute, which are arranged to work separately or jointly. The machinery is at present in- tended to pump from the Lachlan River in time of flood into the Willandra Creek, by a cutting already made. The Willandra Creek is a natural river bed ; the water when pumped in will extend for a distance of 150 miles in length, and the creek will contain when filled, a supply sufficient for two years' consumption for watering, washing, and irri- gating purposes. The Sandhurst Borough\ Council is en- deavouring to negotiate a loan of £10,500 for the improvement of the town and erection of a market. Tenders for 70 debentures at 9s. over par, amounting to £3,800, have been accepted, and tho consideration of other tenders deferred. Tho autumn exhibition of tho Horti- cultural Society of Victoria which was held in the carriage annexe of the Exhibition-build- ing, was as successful as thoso of former years. The annual shows of tho Victoria Agricultural Society at Heidelberg and the Bendigo Horticultural Society at Sandhurst, were better than most of tho previous ones. A sad accident occurred the other day. One of the sons of Mr. J. Halfey, a boy about 10 years of agc, was bathing in the Yarra, when he got out of his depth and was drowned. Another boy, named Walter Turner, who was standing on the bank at tho timo, pulled off his clothes quickly and jumped in. De- ceased caught hold of Turner, and both went under togethor, but deceased let go, and Turner got out. Deceased was not seen again. An inquest was held, and the jury added to their verdict of "accidentally drowned" a rider expressing thoir opinion that the con- duct of the boy WalterTurner, in endeavour- ing to rescue tho deceased at great personal risk, was deserving of great praise. The houso of tbo Hon. Michael O'Grady, a former member of Parliament, was entered the other day by a burglar, who carried off a silver epergne of the value of 200 guineas, which had been a presentation to the owner. The thief, a man named Mannix, has boon arrested and committed for trial. The house of the Hon. W. Wilson, M.L.A., has also been visited by burglars, who stole some money and articles of jewellery. A sensation bas beon caused amongst the congregation of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, by the discovery of an ex- tensive and very clever system of forgeries, in connexion with the voting papers for tho elec- tion of the committeo of management. Tho names attached to nearly half of them were found to be forgeries, and in each case of forgery tho names of candidatos struck "from the paper wore the same. The matter has been referred to the presbytery. A man named Henry Ferguson, a resident at Prahran, has been convicted of the man- slaughter of a cabman named Henry Freeling, a neighbour of his. In a row that had taken place on the night of the 2-11li January last, provoked, according to tho case for the prose- cution by Mrs. Ferguson, according to the defence by Freeling-Mrs. Ferguson was rather brutally assailed by the deceased man ; and Ferguson, who carne to the assistance of his wife, struck Freeling a blow on the hoad with a pieco of quartering. The prisoner was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment. A rather singular trial for murder has token place. An old grey-headed man named William Davis, a splitter by trade, was charged at tho last Melbourne Criminal Sessions with murdering Elizabeth Garford, a woman with whom he lind been cohabiting, and whom, it appeared from a variety of cir- cumstantial evidence, ho had probably made away with. When last seen alive-in the middle of July last-the woman, who was intoxicated, was going in the direction of hor hut in company with the prisoner. Nothing moro was heard of her for many months, until a human skeleton, which was identified as that of the missing woman, was accident- ally found by a miner who was fossicking about in a lonely gully on tho Bluo Creek, Trentham. After a two day's trial the jury, though directed that the verdict ought to bo either one of murder or "not guilty, "brought in a finding of manslaughter, and the prisoner was sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment. Two moro trade-mark prosecutions havo taken place. In tho first, Mr. M, Treacy, of Geelong, was tbo defendant, and ho was charged at the Melbourne District Police Court with counterfeiting the trade mark of Messrs. J. and R. Tcnnont and Co., and affixing it upon a largo quantity of bottled beer not tho manufacture of the com- plainants. Proceedings had previously been instituted in tho Equity Court against Mr. Treacy on account of the similarity between tho label used by him and that of Tennent and Co., and an injunction had been granted to restrain the defendant from using the trade mark in question. The Bench inflicted a fine of £5 for the application of the trado mark. Tho chaTgo of counterfeiting was dismissed. In the other case, a Carlton trader, named Symonds, was fined for illegally using tho brand of the " Two Seas" tobacco. A man named Alexander Munro was re- cently fined a few shillings in tho City Police Court for drunkenness, and was unable to pay the money. Many years ago this man, who has lost one of his legs, discovered a gold- field, which was called "Pogleg Gully, in memory of the finder's wooden limb, and out of a hole which he sunk he obtained £11,000 worth of gold. Every penny of this hand- some sum he has long since squandered. The ship Eliza, which was on the point of proceeding on a voyage to Baker's Island from this port, has been totally destroyed by fire in Hobson's Bay. A new method of scuttling was practised, namely, exploding a torpedo under the vessel, and it seemed to operate successfully. The cargo has since been taken out by divers, one of whom (named Thomas Christian) was unfortunately drowned the other day by a portion of his diving dress giving way while he was beneath the water. A farmor named Thomas Scott, was run over on the railway line near Woodend by the special train bringing the return ex- cursionists from the Kyneton races. The un- fortunate man must have been killed in- stantly, as the body was frightfully mutilated when discovered. An explosion of firedamp in tho Guiding Star Company's claim, Mona Lead, Indigo, has caused the loss of three lives. Two men, Walter Rutledge and Thos. Howe, were in- stantaneously killed, and the manager of the claim, Mr. Joseph Dean, died on the night following the explosion from tho injuries ho received. Dean, before ho died, said that the explosion was caused by his lighting a candle. A fatal fire at Emerald-hill is amongst tho casualties of the month. It occurred at tho corner of Moray and Raglan streets, in a wooden house, a portion of which was occu Ïied by Private Ingram, of the 18th Royal rish, his wife and child. Mrs. Ingram, on seeing the flames, rushed out to give the alarm, and beforeshccould get back herinfant, a line child, three months old, was burnt to death. The mystery enshrouding the Jones's Creok murder may yet, it is thought, be cleared up. This crimo, it will perhaps be recollected, took place in tho year 1858, when two men were robbed and murdered, and thrown into a waterhole. Two men-Job Neil and Dun- bar-were tried at soparato times for tho murder, but both wore acquitted. All pros- pect of discovering the real circumstances of tho crime seemed to havo disappeared, but tho police are stated to havo now got a fresh clue, which they are following up. Vere, the murderer of Mr. Cheale, mining manager at St. Arnaud, has been captured at Adelaide, S.A. He has confessed the crime. A large fire has occurred at Chiltern. It broke out in Ferrier's store, and ex- tended to six other buildings, all of which were completely burned. The estimated damage is £8,000 or £9,000. The names of the sufferers are—Messrs. J. H. Ferrier, M. McLean, R. Graham, J. Croft, Manson and Co., J. Bennett, and P. McCorrin. An extensive fire occurred in Cashel-street, Christchurch, N.Z.. on the 10th March. The fire originated in Paterson's restaurant, and quickly communicated with the shop of Mr. Sandstein, watchmaker and jeweller. Both premises were destroyed, together with those of Mr. Brass and Mrs. Pratt (draper.) Serious disturbances have taken place in the city of Adelaide, South Australia, in con- sequence of the scarcity of employment. Several hundred of the unemployed attacked the Treasury, and were with difficulty ex- pelled. The police were compelled to call in the assistance of the Government clerks be- fore they could effect the expulsion of the mob from the building. In the afternoon a still larger mob assembled, and broke open the doors of several of the Government offices. The mounted police were sent for, and they, on making their appearance, were assailed with stones. The police then drew their swords, and cleared the streets, but did not succeed in doing so until several persons had been wounded. Several of the ringleaders were arrested and punished. The excitement has since completely calmed down, and most of the unemployed have obtained work from the Government. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. Our last news broke off at an interesting point. The Macpherson Ministry had met Parliament and survived by a majority of 30 to 24 votes (which really looked like a prac- ticable working majority), a scries of attacks directed against the reply to the speoch with which Parliament was opened. This augured well for futuro victory, eyon though the necessity of paying tho civil scrvauts had so shortened the recess as to provent a propor digestion of the estimates of revenue and expenditure for the coming year. Facts have not quite borne out this expecta- tion.? The budget speech was made, and the estimates of revenue and expenditure for 1870 introduced by Mr. Berry, tho nowi'Trca surer, on Tuesday, March 8, and the debate thereon has occupied tho month. The estimates of both expenditure and revenuo were, in the first instance, pronounced excessive by tho leading members of the Opposition, and it soon appeared that not a few of those who usually voted with tho Government were of thesameopinion. Among the latter were to be numbered divois members of the Constitutional party, who, however, still maintained a friendly aspect towards Ministerial interests. Within three days of the budget speech, Captain Mac Mahon gave notico of motion to reduco tho expenditure to last year's rates, and grant supplies for six montba only. When that came on for discussion, however, it was intro- duced in so friendly a way that tho Govern- ment adopted it, and promised to bring down a series of resolutions for regulating tho whole public expenditure. In the week following - the debate still continuing - another motion by Mr. Macgregor, requiring the Government to revise their estimates, was nominally accepted in a similar spirit, though at the samo time Mr. Macgregor was violently attacked by somo morabcrs of tho Administration, and. tho Opposition was challenged to move a direct vote of waut of confidence. The effect of the debate has been heightoned by indiscreet attacks upon the Constitutional party as such by members of the Ministry itself, and the bitterly factious assaults made by the lesser lights of tho party of tho late Government upon the Minister of Lands. The most im- portant discussion took placo on tho last night Parliament sat this month, when it was evident that a crisis was near. Next morning this journal thus described tho pro- spect of the future which the debate had opened :-- .' It is not likely that tho Macpher- son Government will survivo the incidents of last night, nor is it really desirable that it should. It is not strong_ enough to govern for any length of time, and it has already fulfilled its mission in breaking up the numerically strong party by whose aid Mr. M'Culloch ruled so long. The succeeding Administration will necessarily be of a composito character, as every Victorian Ministry has been ; and if the Constitutional party is no less numerously re presented in it than it is in thopresentGovern ment, while their colleagues aro politicians of ability and experience, there will bo a reason- able hope that tho next Ministry may prove stablo and useful. If the creation of such an Administration should be the outcoino of our recent political troubles, we shall have no reason to regret them ; and Mr. Macpherson and two or thrco of his present colleagues will havo earned the gratitude of tho public by pieparing tho way for a better state of tilines. With a better and more tractable Cabinet to support him, Mr. Macpherson might havo governed tho country with, credit and dignity for some time longer ; but consti- tuted fl. »he Government is at present, it would bo useless to attempt to continue a hopeless struggle." It is, nevertheless, stoutly asserted in somo political circles that the Macpherson Ministry will obtain a desolation of Parliament. PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS. MÍDATE ON THE BUDGET." After some delay caused by tho Treasurer being new in office, andsnoroYcr doprlvcd by illness of the valuable assistance of Mr. Symonds, the experienced under-treasurer, Mr, Berry, on Tuesday, MaTch 8, introduced bis estimates of receipts and expenditure for tho coming year, and made the regular financial statement. This was of great length, lasting three hours and a half, much timo being occupied bj* comparisons with past years. Reviewing the finances of the preceding yeais, ho remarked that in 1808 £174,572 less was expended than was authorised by tho votes of the House. That left £98,0-18 to be carried to tbo credit of 1869. The saving, however, in 18G8 was not on account of public works, but the result of amounts being voted for the sovoral departments in excess ot their require- ments. In 1869 the'expenditure was £120,670 less than was authorised by Parliament, and tho estimates of revenue for 1869 wero con- siderably exceeded by the actual results, tho total increase boing £107,565. He be- lieved that by tho fiscal policy which tho House adopted in 1865 a gradual decline in tho Customs rovenuo, which for some years had been going on, was stopped, and tüat since then the colouy had enjoyed an ac-' celerated prosperity, which was shown by the increase in trio rovenuo dorived from'the Customs department which had taken'place since the year 1806. After mentioning gone- ' rally the prosperous condition of the customs and postal revenues, and explaining that, thouglt ho expected au incicaso in tho former, it was not so great an increase as was shown the previous year, he stated that tho revenue hitherto derived from tho land occupied under tho acU of 1862 and 1865 was gradually dying away, and in 1873 would cease altogether. Tho difference in tho amount received in 1869 from this source, and what would bo received in 1870, was something hko £60,000. Then the rents formerly received under tho leasing clauses of 1865 were, by tho Land Act of 1869, made part payment of tho purchase-money under that act. Tho loss to the rovenuo which took place by the alteration mado in the Land Act by reducing tho price of land, was £003,237. Coming to' tho revenue of 1870, ho estimated the total incomo, including the balanco of £109,807 from 1809, and recoups from loans amounting to £01,011, at £3,759,818, and tho actual revenue for tho year at £3,529,100, of which ho expected to derive £1,491,200 from customs duties, £59.000 from excise, £938,000 from the land and other sourcos of territorial revenue, £721,000 from public works, £19,000 fiom ports and harbours, £135,000 from post ago, £72,300 from fees, £1,200 from fines, and £87,700 from miscellaneous sources. Ho ex- pected £300,000 from sales of land by auction. This was moro than had been obtained of late years, but it was required to meet tho condition of the new Land Act, which specially appropriated annually £200,000 from this source, for railway purposes. It was not,' however, proposed to sell more than 200,000 acres during the year, which was, indeed, tho limit fixed by law ; and hu was convincod that tbo town and suburban lands that would bo offered for sale would rualiso tho estimate. £200,OOOf or railway purposes, together with the provision mado for the hilcreston the now rail- way loan, had had the effect of materially in- creasing tho sum which, as "special appro- priations," belonged to tho expenditure of tbo year, but wero beyond the control of Parliament. The total expenditure for the present year was £3,750,852, show- ing an increase of £41S,535 over that for 1809, which was principally caosod by tho increased special appropriations. Ho next dwelt on tho various heads of expenditure, The amount proposed to bo expended on public works, was £597,406, showing an increase of £33,797. It was not easy to reduce tho cost of tho civil service, because sinco the passing of the Civil Service Act there had been paid as gratuities and pensions £126,820 ; and tho annual pensions, which wero constantly increasing, amounted to £14,944. Thó reductions in tho civil ser- vice made lost year cost £30,000 in gratuities "and £7,000 in pensions, which would remain -an annual charge during the lifetime of tho recipients. It would, therefore, be seen that the public really beneiited but very little from the reductions mado by the late Government. With regard to tho negotiation of the remain- ing portion of tho railway loan, tho asso- ciated banks had taken the balance at £101 5s. 9d., charging 1 per cent, for their trouble. After explaining that 4 per cent, was offered for the portion of tho loan not yet required as a fixed deposit, ho men- tioned that in round numbers it was ex- pected about £500,000 would bo required for railway purposes during the present year. Included in tho public account was a large amount of trust funds. Tho trust funds held by tho Government amounted altogether to £430,000, of which only £129,000 was mvested. The whole of this amount should, he considered, be invested in Government debentures. The Government would then get 0 per cent, inteicst on it, instead of tho 2 per cent, now received. The amount received under tho two waterworks loans was £795,410, tho amount actually expended was £091,845, and pledtted for contracts, otc, under execution, £100,5G4, so that tho whole amount raised was virtually expended. To complete the Coliban Waterworks would re- quire £120,900 ; but if tho- Government wished to purchase the Bendigo Waterworks, . and construct tho uppor Coliban reservoir, it would cost £120,000 moro. After quoting a number of statistics to show the progress which the country had made during the last five or ¡>ix years, ho declared that, notwith- standing the decrease which had taken place in tho exports of wool and gold, no decline had taken place in the prosperity of tho colony. On tho contrary, tho very opposito was the case, and that ho attributed to the advantageous fiscal policy enunciated in tho year 1805. In conclusion, ho foimally moved the appro- priation of £6,795, tho amount of the supple- mentary estimâtes for the last year. Notbing moro was said then, but next evening Mr. M'Culloch, the late Treasurer as well as Chiof Secietary, resumed the debate, and rather severely criticised tho estimates of rovonuo and expenditure submitted on the preceding evening. Ho contended that the revenue anticipated would never bo realised, as thore was more likely to bo a decreaso than an in- crease in the Customs income, because, in consequence of the advices which had gone home, tho largo shipments to this colony, which had for some time past been taking placo, would bo materially curtailed. Hu also denounced tho proposition to sell large quantities of land by auction as being most impolitic at tho piesont time ; and whilst he asserted on tho ono hand that the rovenuo would bo at least £200,000 shoit of tho esti- mate, ho maintained on the other that tho expenditure could very well be reduced by at least a quartor of a million. Mr. Langton agreed with the conclusions of tho bon. mem- ber for Mornington, although ho at the same timo twitted him with having on former occa- sions been guilty of precisoly the samo faults as thoso for winch ho now blamed tho prosont Treasurer. On the following evoningMr. Eve- rard spoko in support of the Budget, declaring that tho country was splendidly prosperous, tho straits to which squatters and merchants were brought by their overtrading being no criterion. At the same time, ho asked for a moro protcctivo tariff. A few speeches of minor importance preceeded a reply from Mr. Berry to Mr. M'Cullocb, to tho effect that it was unpatriotic in tho latter to try and de- press the credit of tho country for the saleo of disparaging his successor's estimates ; and to the amusement of the House he proceeded to show how woefully wrong Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Verdon had been in their ostimates whon making similar financial statements. This ended tho debate for the week, and on tho Wednesday following Captain MaoMahon moved, "That in the opinion of this Houso, the estimates for tho year 1870 should not in- volve in tho whole a greater annual expendi- ture than that of 1809 ; and that to givo effect to tho foregoing resolution, supplies bo now voted only for tho first half of tho curront year." Ho expressed his opinion that tho con- dition of tho country did not justify tho pro- posed increase of oxpendituro. Taking tho expenditure for this yoar proposed by tho Government, together with tho amount to bo spent on railways, water- works, and by tbo several local bodies, it would bo soon that it was con- templated to spend altogether sorau £5,113,000 during tbo year, and that ho considered was altogether too much for a population which did not number moro than some 300,000 adults. At the sarao timo ho urged that ho was only moved by a dosiro to assist the present Government out of a diffi- culty into which ho boliovcd they had fallon, and did not consider that thoro was any ne- cessity to accopt his amendment in a hostile spirit. The Chiof Secretary, in reply, invited lion, members who recommonded economy, to point out the means of reduction ; but tho Government, bo said, would tdaaly «¡Izo ths-jopportunity offered for a thorough consideration of the »whole, "subject, es- pecially as the result) wouldLbe. to en- able the financial yoar'itoïbegm in'-future in July. In consequen'ce of this,' tho amend- ment was withdrawn'for a^whilei and tho discussion was then continued in" committee -but with no marked chango of aspect-by various members of more or less position in the House; and Parliament rising over St. Patrick's Day, commenced on Tuesday last the lost week of the month's debate. Captain MacMahon then moved, as an amendment on the motion that the Speaker do leave the chair, in order that the House might resolvo itself into committee of supply, the motion which he'had ^previously withdrawn. The Government, to ? a certain extent, accepted the» motion. They were quite ready to ac- cept six months' supply, and bring down now estimates on a reduced scale, regulated by resolutions to bo submitted to the Assembly, for theyear,1870 71, commencing on the lstof July. They, however, would not take back their estimates, contending that there was no increaso in the items of salaries and wages, and that the House itself could strike out all votes for public works which it disapproved of. The question of tho change in the .financial year was next debated to the end of the sitting. , On the following day Mr. Macgregor gave notice that ho would next day move as an amendment, in the event of Captain MacMahon's being nogatived-' ' That inasmuch as tho estimates of revenue and ex- penditure for tho present year submitted by the bon. the Treasurer are excessive, this House is of opinion that the same should be so revised by the Government as to keep the expenditure of the country within tho amount of its probable revenue." This was at first supposed to mean a vote of want of con- fidence. Nothing particular transpired till next day, when the Chief Secretary submitted the following resolutions, which are to bo taken into consideration on Tuesday. " That this House will, on Tuesday noxt, resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider the following resolutions : "1. The financial year shall com meneo hereafter from 1st July, and estimates shall be submitted for the present half-year. "2. The number of classified officers shall not exceed the number provided by the Appropriation Act of 1869, and the aggregate amount of salaries for such officers shall not exceed the aggregate amount provided by Appropriation Act 18G9. "3. No promotion shall bo made from one class to another unless the officer to be pro- moted shall have been at the maximum of his class for two years, and then only in the case of a vacancy occuiring. "4. No officer shall be piomotod to tho fourth class until the number therein is re- duced to 200, which shall thereafter bo tjhe maximum number in such class. No new appointment shall be made except at the minimum of the fifth class. "5. Every non-classified officer in the public service shall pay a certain per-centago of his salary into the consolidated revenue ; and, on the resignation or death of any such non-classified officer, a sum, calculated on the basis of such per-centage, shall be payable to himself, his widow, children, or nearest relatives. No compensation whatsoever be- yond this sholl bo paid to any such person or his relatives. " G. No person continuously omployod in the public service shall be paid out of con- tingencies, but shall be providedfor under the head of ' salaries and wages,', and a schedule showing the proposed expenditure under con- tingencies shall be submitted with the esti- mates. " 7. All claims on tho consolidated revenue shall bo confined within the legal limits of such claims. " S. No greater expenditure shall bo in- curred for public works in any one year than one-tenth of the gross revenue of the year preceding. " 9. All Government buildings shall here- after bo constructed in such contiguity that the officers may bo employed in the public service generally. " 10. The department of Road and Bridges shall bo amalgamated with the Railway de Íxtrtroent, and the public departments shall io consolidated as far as possible." The budget debate was then resumed, and Captain MacMahon's amendment being nega- tived, Mr. Macgregor proposed his. This was in effect accepted by the Government as, a friendly amendment-the mover himself pro- fessing it to bo such-in view of the resolu- tions already given notice of by Mr. Mac- pherson, a proceeding which drew forth much comment. A series of speeches followed, in which tho Commissioner of Customs under- took to sevorely impugn tho actions and opinions of the Constitutional party, and this gave riso to a strong rejoinder from Mr. Duffy, who alleged that the present Ministry had utterly fal-ified the promises upon tho strength of which, the Constitutional party had helped them to'and kept them in power. Mr. Macpherson also distinctly stated that the Government would not loavo office savo by a direct want of confidence vote. An irregular cross-fire of motions for adjourn- ment from the Opposition and replies from the Treasury benches ended in Mr. Mac grcgor's amendment being cairied without a division. The adjournment of the Houso, upon the motion ot a member of tho Oppo- sition, was then carried, the adjournment being moved as an amendment upon the mo- tion that the House go into committee of supply on Tuesday next. DEATH OP Sill CHAULES DARLING. On Tuesdoy, March 15, The Argus an- nounced the receipt of telegraphic intelli- gence of tho death at Cheltenham of Sir Charles Darling, late Governor of Victoria. Tho fact was stated« that day in Parliament, and the Assembly adjourned os a mark of respect. When the Houso mot on tho follow- ing day the action taken by the Constitutional party was a sufficient answer to the slander which at one time was so industriously circu- lated, to the effect that the policy pursued by the party was the result of personal hos- tility to the late Governor. It was an- nounced that lotters had been rocoivod stating that Lady Dalling and her children were wholly unprovided for, and Mr. Follows moved, as an amondmont to tho motion that the House go into Commit- tee of Supply, that a bill bo brought in enabling Her Majesty to grant to Lady Darling a ponsion of £1,01)0 per annum. Hon. members generally appeared to ac- quiesce in tho motion, but Mr. M'Culloch pointed out that Lady Darling might herself die in a few years, and then there would be nothing for tho four sons who were now boing educated. Ho suggested it would be bettor to vote a lump sum, and then the interest could bo onjoyed by Lady Darling during her life, and at her death it could be divided amongst tho children, so as to give them a start in lifo. Mr. Macpherson said that ho and his colleagues entirely agreed with the views expressed by tho member for Mornington, and Mr. Fellows then withdrow his motion on tho undeistand ing that tho Government would lako imme- diate steps to carry out the wishes of the Houso. On tho first subsequent day of meeting the Government brought in tho bill, which gives Lady Darling an annuity of £1,000 per annum, and settles £5,000 on her four sons, to be divided equally between thom on their attaining their majority. During that day and tho next tho bill was passed by conoral assent through all its stages in both Houses, Mr. O'shanassy (in the Unpor House) being the only ono who objected to tho provision being mado. An opinion was oxpressed in the Assembly that it might bo well to provide against tho annuity being mort- gaged or anticipated, but this was over- ruled. On Thursday last the Governor carno down to tho Parliament nouses, and gavo tho Royal assent to the bill. OTHER PROCEEDINGS IN THE ASSEMBLY. , Thcso havo been confined within narrow limits. A discussion took place oarly in the month upon tho non-appolntraont by the Government of tho promised Royal Commis- sion to inquire into the working of the Lands Department. Tho Government stated, in effect, that they had not boon ablo to over- come tho difficulty created by the non-pro- vision of tho means of compensating the mombors of tho commission for loss of time. The consequence was, it was urged that in a business community like ours, thoso gontlo men in whom the country would havo confi- dence declined to act unless compensated. It was moved by Mr. Evorard that Par- liament supply the means, but the motion was negatived, and an amend- ment, requesting the Government to Sroceed with the appointment carriod. ratters have gone no further, and it would appear that the Govornmont accented the amendment as a nullification by the Houso of its previous deci-ion. In respect to thu immigration regulations published in our last summary, tho Govern- ment havo decided to delay their operation till 12th April next» During the month £0,795 was voted as Supplementary Estimates, and £600,000 was voted in Committee of Ways and Means as an interim supply for the service of the year. A bill carrying the v otes inte? effect was im- mediately introduced, and passed through both Houses. , It .received tho Royal assent the day after. It was not stated in the bill that tho £500,000 j should be paid in accord- ance with/the vrótbs,of the Assembly In supply, but ,thtf Government undertook i that it should bo only applied to .the seryice of tho year, 'and.. not|to any new! vote respectihg1 which ¿hero might be-a difference of opinion.. NEtf MEASURE?. L In addition to tho Lady Darling Annuity and the Interim Supply Bills already alluded to, the following new bills have beon intro- duced to Parliament during the month, although none have reached an advanced stage, viz. :-To authorise the taking of a census in 1871, to amend the Abattoirs Act, to incorporate tho Victoria Racing Club, to authorise mining on private property, to establish a marine board, to amend the im- pounding law. to establish the eight hours' system by,law, and'to amend the insolvency law. Resolutions have also been introduced by Mr. Longmore in order to initiate n Pay- ment of Membors Bill. In reference to this subject, Mr. Fellows has given notice of his intention to proposo a somewhat novel mode of settling the question whether members of Parliament shall or shall not be paid for their services. The hon. member has stated that when the whole subject is under con- sideration, be will move that it bo remitted to the people to decide, and that the several returning officers be directed to take a poll thn electors voting "ay" or "no" upon the question. The preliminary steps have been taken to re-introduce Mr. G. P. Smith's ob- noxious Wine, Beer, and Spirit Sales Statute, which has been universally condemned, and cannot become law without serious modifica- tion. THE EIGHT IlOUItS' SISTBSr. Several discussions havo taken place in the Assembly respecting the adoption by the Government of tho eight hours' system. Some time since the Eight Hours League obtained a promise from the Government that in all future Government contracts a clause should be inserted requiring the adoption of the eight boms' system. The immediato result has been that the labourers on the water supply works at Malmsbury and at the Alfred Graving Dock at Williamstown, have applied to the contractors that tho work might not be carried on more than eight hours a day, which was refused, whereupon they struck. The contractors at Malmsbury (tho strike at the graving dock has only just talton place) consequently asked the Government for compensation, and the Government re- plied that they would take the work done at schedule prices and relieve the contractors of their contract. Various members of the Opposition in the Assembly havo urged that tho contractors should be compensated for their losses; but the Government steadily refuse to do moro than, what they did in the Malmsbury case. They say that . they have only provided for future contracts, and that, if they do not allow the present difficulty to settle itself, there would be no end to the claims for compensation, which, in many cases, might bo mado to cover the faults of insufficient tenders, THE LEGISLATIVE COUNOIL. Except the interim Supply Bill and the Lady Darling Annuity Bill, no business of importance has been brought before the Upper House this session. On Tuesday last tho House, however, formally adjourned as a mark of respect to the late Sir Charles Darling. THE ESTIMATES FOR 1870. We furnish abstracts of tho expected revenue and proposed expenditure of the Government of Victoria in 1870, according to the Estimates laid on the table on Tuesday, March 8th last, by tho Treasurer : ESTIMATED REVENDE. Cusióme.£1.491,200 Excuso., 60,600 Territorial . 033,600 Income from public works. 721,000 Porta and narooma. 19,000 Postage. ". .. 186,000 Foes . 72,300 Fines and forfeitures. 4 200 Miscellaneous .. .. .'. 87,700 Total amount .. .. '.. ..£8,629,100 ESTIMATE Or THE REVENUE RETURNS TROlt THE VABIOUS DEPARTMENTS IN DETAIL. No. I- ÖUBTOMS. ' , & Spirit« ..' .. .. '.' 405.000 Wino . 37,000 Beor and cider. 28,000 Tobacco and snuff '. 112,700 Olgars . 13,600 Tea. 05,000 Sugar and molasses . 70,000 Coffee, chicory, cocoa, and chocolate .. 14,000 Opium . :. .. 24000 Riso. 15,000 Hopa . 10,000 Malt. 0,000 Wharfago and harbour rates. 100,000 Duties on Uiver Murray goods, to bo col- lected by Now South Wales on bohalt of Victoria. 20.000 All other dutlos. 400.U0O 1,401,200 No. II.-BxeiSB. - Spirits distilled in Viotoria . 88,000 Publicans'licences . 0,000 Auctioneers'licences. 6,600 All othor licences . 0,000 60,600 No. III -TERRITORIAL.' - Protteda of sales and receipts towards tho purchase of Crown lands, viz :-By auc- tion, £800,000 ; accruing from ronts and selections, £128,000. 428,000 Pastoral occupation, &c.; . 157,000 LoaBCs and licences for agricultural occupa- tion . 213,200 Kents and leos for otlici than agricultural or pastoral purposes . 8,000 Penalties. 50,000 Minors'rights. 13,000 Business licences. 3,600 Leases of auriferous and mineral landa .. 35,000 Wator-rlght and searching Uconccs, &c;, .. 000 038,000 Ko. IV.-PUBMO WORKS. , Hallway Income.016,000 Water Supply . 71,000 Electric tolegiaph.85,000 Tolliocolpts . «an 721,000 Ko. V.-POItlS AND HARB01TRS. Tonnago. 10,000 No.^VL- PosTAOE.135 000 1>0. VH.-Fl'KS. ! - Supremo Court. 19,000 Gonoral Sessions and County Courts .. .. 2,700 Courts of Mines. 250 Courts of Potty Sessions. 0 450 AUothorfoos . 40000 72,800 Ko. vm.-riMA - Supreme Court. 100 General Sessions and County CourtB,. .. 100 Courts of Potty Sessions. 3,000 All otlior QncB and forfeitures .. .. 1,000 4,200 No IX -Mistn,t,Ai\KOUS. - Renta (oxclusito of land) . 1000 Government printer ,, . 6,600 Labour of prlBonors . 4,200 Storage of gunpowder. 1,400 Salo of Government property. 4,000 All other receipts. 71,000 87,700 Total estimated ro\ onuo.3,529,100 (Including balances ftom 1S00, ropaymonta and re- coups on various accounts, particularly tho raliway and waterworks loan, tho total osttmatod revenue Is put down at £8,760,018 ) ESTIMATED EXPENDITURE l'OR TUE SERVICE OF THE TEAR. Chief Secretary. Attorney-General . Solicitor-General. Treasurer. Commissioner of Lands and Survey .. Co-cu-üasioncr ot Public Work. Commissioner ot Trade and Custom... Postma-ter-General . Commissioner ol Sail ways Commissioner ol Roads and Bridges.. Commissioner of Mines. Deduct advance to Treasurer Divi- sion No. 53), to be repaid Salaries and Wages. £ s. d. 290,137 14 7 -5,553 6 8 56,80615 2 58,088 S 10 -2,206 13 i 18,-75 i 8 b0,005 9 6 74,962 2 9 25,700 O 0 3,753 6 8 6,2.2 1 8 663,791 010 Departmental Contingencies. £ B. d. 161,762 6 5 31,101 0 0 29,100 0 0 36,963 18 - 39,151 12 6 23,400 0 0 18.185 0 0 56,070 0 0 -11,053 0 0 4,410 0 0 12,305 7 2 660,107 4 5 AU Other Expenditure. £ a. d. 102,849 0 0 251,420 15 3 U,550 0 0 332,18510 0 138,700 0 0 74,160 O 0 15,391 12 10 74,92015 4 44,329 8 5 1,138,797 110 60,000 0 0 2,402,695 7 1 Total. £, a. ti. 611,509 1 O 79,951 6 S 85,906 15 2 350,372 19 S 73,208 510 371,360 11 8 217,790 9 6 205182 2 9 235Í119 12 IO 83,084 2 O 62,876 17 3 2,402,695 7 1 60.000 0 0 2,102,695 7 1 SPECIAL APPROPRIATIONS. » Part I. -Governor's salary, salary of staff, si-C, .£10,000 IPart n.-Chief Justice, £3,000; thrco Puisne Judges, at£2,500oach; Master-in 1 Equity, £1,500 . 12,000 Part III.-Her Majesty's Ministora .. .. 14,000 Part IVi-Okrk'and exponaos of tile Exo-^ cutlvo Counoll, £1,600; Clerk and ex- penses of the Legislativo Council, £5,000 ; Auditor-General, £2,000. 0,600 Part V.-Pensions to officers appointed during good behaviour .. ' ..- < .'. (4,000 Part VI,-Compensation to the following ! officers, retired on political grounds:- , The Attorney-General, £933; tho Col-1 , lector of Customs (H. C. E. Childers), ' £800; tho Survoyor-Genoral'(Andrew Clarke), £800 .. ? ?.>. 1,600 Part VII.-Pensions to persons released from responsible offices on political grounds,- .. u.. ., .. 2,000 Part VIII.-Public worship \\. 47,000 university of Melbourne ,. 0,000 Liquidation of corporation bonds .. .- 35,000 Anr it of principal duo on water and e eiago debentures redoemablo In 1870 , 50,000 Interest on water and sewerage debentures ¡ 7,600 Interest on Mount Alexandor Ballway do benturcs .. .. .. .. . ? 3,300 Pensions. ljlOO £8,000.0001 £800,000 I ",n""" £860,000 ^Interest, &c;, on loans .. .. 040,000 £2,107,000 I £610,000 J "".. Commissioners of audit . 3,000 Immigration .. .'. . 6,000 Superannuation or retiring allowances .. 10,000 Compensation for loss of office .. .. 5,C0O Electoral oxponses . 20,000 Mining Boards. 3,600 Foreign mails. 45,000 Gratuities to masters of vessels .. .. 2,600 Interest on PoBt-offioo Savings-banks' de- posita. 10,000 Endowment of road districts. 23,000 Endowment of shire councils, Bec. 206 .. 114,000 Do. do , aec. 295. 88,000 Do. do., Bec. 290. 20,000 Victorian branch of tho Royal Mint .. 6,000 Ballway loan liquidation and construc- tion account .200,000 Total .£1,848,160 Total estimated expenditure ,. ..£3,750,852 THE FINANCE ACCOUNTS, 18G8, 1809, AND 1870. The following statement was distributed by Mr. Graham Berry, for the information of bon. members, on the introduction of the Esti- mates for 1870 : FlNAl<0E ACCOOhT.-1808. Balance from 1807 . £57,100 Eocoipts .. . 3,100.330 Recouped out of Loan (Act 832) for expendi- ture on account of graving dock .. .. 00,840 £3,287,309 Expenditure Special appropriations .. .. £089,817 Votea .2,199,504 1-£B,180,3?1 Balance to 1809. 08,018 £3,287,309 FiNAhCE ACCOUNT -18U9. Balanco fiom 1808 . 03,018 Koa enuc of 1800 received up to 28th Feb- ruary, 1870 .3,849,000 Probable further receipts . 20,000 To bo recouped from Ballway Loan. .£2,634 Do. (rona Waterworks Loan .. ..23,373 \- 20,007 £3.602,124 Expenditure on account of 1800 to 28th February, 1870 ./.. £2,010,884 Probable further expenditure _ .. 716.433 1 £3 332 817 Balance to 1870.'109307 3,502,121 FUSAKOH Aocoutn.-1870. Balanco from 1809 .£109 807 Estimated revenue for 1870.3,629,100 Repayments to credit of Expenditure Ac- counts, viz. . Police and Penal Cepartmonts .. .. 5,550 To bo recouped From railway loan .. .. £7,170 From Waterworks Loan .. 48,332 -55,511 £3,760,018 Estimated Expenditure- - Under (pedal appropriations .. ..£1,348,150 Under votes.2,102,090 Balance to 1871. 9,000 £3,759,918 NEW ZEALAND NOTES. The news from the seat of war is anything but satisfactory, and the restoration of peace throughout the island appears further off than over. To Kooti, the mainspring of the rebellion, has again succeeded in evading his pursuers, who had, it was reported, so sur- rounded him that escape was impossible. Colonel M'Donnell, with his native allies, was in tho interior endeavouring to intercept his retreat to the Uriwera country, while Colonel Fraser was, or ought to havo beon, advancing from Tauranga, to effect a junction with M'Donnell. It is said that if these officers had acted promptly and in concert To Kooti could not have escaped. Upon v>hom tho Mamo rests will not probably be decided until Parliament meets, but in the meantime it is reported that both officers have been deprived of their commands pending an inquiry. On tbo one hand, Colonel Fraser is accused of in- ertness and incapacity ; on the other, it is said that M'Donnell, with his wonted dis- like of acting in concert with any one, pur- posely abstained from making timely arrange- ments, and tried to catch the enemy on his own account. With whom the blame rests is, however, a small matter compared with the fact that Te Kooti has succeeded in reaching tho rebel fastnesses in the Uriwera country, where he is comparatively safe from pursuit, and amongst natives favourable to his cause. The Ministry havo appealed to their native allies to take up the task in which the colonists have succeeded so ill, and have offered a reward of £5,000 for the coptuie of Te Kooti. Tho natives do not, however, ¡seem disposed to assist the Govern- ment on tho condition that their pay depends upon their success. The coun- try into which Te Kooti has escaped is about the worst in the island for pursuers, being mountainous, covered with forests, ana but little known even to the natives, and an opinion is held by some that but little can bo done beyond keeping a vigilant watch upon the borders to prevent tho enemy again making raids upon the colonial settlements, Loud murmurs of discontent are now heard against the Ministers who a few months ago were so popular, Tho chase of Te Kooti has been solong protracted, and tho current ex- penses of the Defence department appear to be so much in excess of what tho Ministry professed their ability to maintain them at, that the first favourable impressions aro fading. The bitter feelings excited by Earl Granville's despatches aro not yet allayed. In their despatch piotesting against the final withdiawal of the British troops the Ministry say, "they claim that the colony should be practically recognised as an integral portion of the empire, and not to be thrust out bo jond its pale as of infinitely less considera- tion than a British subject m foreign lands. 'Ihoy ask England for no pecuniary sacrifice : they do not appeal to her compassion ; but they do appeal to those eternal principles of justice, which are as much the duty of the strong as they are the heritagcof the weak, and which even the most powerful nation should nover withhold from tho feeblest suppliant." On tho departure of the 18th Royal Irish, His Excellency Sir George Bowen, in a letter ad- dressed to Lieutenant-colonel Elliott, ex- pressed his sense of tho important sorvices the regiment had rendered, and of the ad- mirable conduct of the officers and men, and he at the samo timo acknowledged tho con- stant zeal and courtesy which Lieut.-colonel Elliott had invariably displayed in co- operat- ing with him. Tho Ministry also expressed the regret which they felt at the departure of the regimont, and boro testimony to the uniform good conduct of tho force under the command of Lieutenant-colonol Elliot during the period of its service in tho colony. With tho exception of the wai intelligence, the news from New Zealand contains but few items of general inteiust. Tho colonists do not seem to bo allogclher satisfied with tho arrangements mado for tho conveyance of English mails via San Francisco, so a com- pany is projectod to run a lino of mail steamers between Otago and England, via the Straits of Mogollan. The passage between Otago and the Straits is calculated to occupy 10 days, while the passage from the Straits to England, calling at the Uiver Plate, is esti- mated at 25 days, the whola distance tints being performed in tho short space of 40 days. The steamers for this route from Otago will bo of 2,000 tons register, and will meet tho Western South American steamers, of 3,000 tons register, in tho Straits, where, at a coal depCt already established, the mails and pas- sengers will bo transhipped. Tho Government aro making efforts to open np tbo country by means of railways. A contract bos just been let for tho construc- tion of a railway between Dunedin, and Port Chalmers, tho Provincial Government guaranteeing tho contractors 8 per cent, upon the cost up to £70,000 for lo years. The con- struction of a southern trunk lino will also bo commenced in the same provinco before long, in all probability. The news from the gold-fields has not been remarkable this month. A There is a largo number of unemployed minors at the Thames, but they aie not in distress. The Thames people aro impatiently demanding the right to prospect for gold in the Ohinemuri country, and it has been with some difficulty that the Government bos restrained the bolder spirits among them from malting an armed invasion on their own account into native territory in that direction? It is to bo hoped that this will be presented by negotiations with tbe native owners of tho land/for if it occurred it would only tend to still further complicate the native difficulty. . l All over both islands there is just now a mania for flax dressing. It was feared that the existing supply of wild flax, in available situations, would not last long at the present rate of consumption, but experiments have shown that if judiciously treated a large an- nual supply can be obtained from the wild plants. The west coast of tho Middle Island has re- cently been visited with heavy rain, which has flooded the rivers, and done considerable damage. AGRICULTURE. The weather is again tho topic of all absorbing interest with the farmers. While there has been far too much rain in New South Wales during the last month, we have had none here, except over a limited portion of tho north eastern part of the colony, and the effects of the drought aie beginning to be seriously felt. Water is failing, and a heavy shower is much needed to start the weeds and shed corn into growth on.the arable land, and prepare it for the plough. Grass is becoming very scarce, and where theie is any, it is dry and without nutriment. Even the roots and green crops, such as maize and sorghum, bato little sap in them, so that milk and butter are rapidly becoming scarce also, and tho price of tho latter threatens to be as high as it was last j ear if more rain docs not fall soon When the heavy rain fell at the beginning of summer, it was supposed that we should suffer from no such scarcity this season, but the weather has been more than ordinarily warm, and two months of this without rain have left the face of the country moro parched than it usually is after a longer drought. However, the time for the equinoctial gales has arrived, and these will scarcely pass over without rain enough to relieve the stockman and farmer from all further anxiety on the subject. While we were thus suffering, it was most tantalising to read day after day, and week after week, of heavy floods only a few hundred miles off, and to see the clouds drifting away steadily in tho one direc- tion, to be condensed where too much ram had already fallen. But wo have one melancholy satisfaction, and this i°, that the destruction .caused by floods in the adjoining colony has somewhat enhanced the value of the grain here, of which our garners are full. The collection of the agricultural statistics is not yet com- pleted, but enough is known to satisfy the minds of business men that more than suffi- cient wheat for our own consumption has been grown, and prices hero were for some time lower than at either Sydney or Adelaido. with a very slack demand for both wheat and flour. No wheat was washed away in New South Wales, except where a stack chanced to bo too low down on the river flats, but the fact of so much maizo having been destroyed gave briskness to the gram markets here generally, more particularly in reviving the demand for oats, which are now likely to command a fair price during the remainder of the year. Flour can scarcely advance much, so that bread will remain cheap; and potatoes, being very abundant this season, are exceedingly low in price too. "Vegetables havo been more scarce for the last week or two, but with a httle moisture in the ground they will soon become plentiful again. As yet there has been no scarcity of fat stock in any of the markets, notwithstanding the extra demand for meat-preserving purposes; although, on some ofj.the runs in the drier oarts of the colony there is little of either food or water left. Anomalous as the statement may ap- pear, this extra demand tends to keep up the supply of fat stock ; for by reducing the num- ber of sheep on the runs a far larger propor- tion of these are fat than when there was no sale for any, and the runs were allowed to become overstocked. When wool was high and mutton a drug in the market, this was too frequently tho case, and the few thousand sheep too many starved the rest, all becoming poor alike. Even if the pastures here are not renewed very quickly, there will bo fat sheep and cattle enough coming down from New South Wales to keep up the supply, so that tbo meat preserving establishments will scarcely have to coase operations this j ear. These are now affording employment to a large number of men, besides improving so materially the market for fat stock. Although the first shipment failed so com- pletely, further arrivals of the meat cured by Pi of essor Gamgee are looked for with interest, as our export of this article may easily bo doubled it only the meat can'be sent away in its natural form, witb tolerable*certainty of its standing the voyage to England. The tinning process is expensive, and does not admit of any very great or rapid exten- sion, and salted mutton requires a very skilful cook to render it palatable, but if Gamgeo's process realises in any degree the expectations we have been led to form of it, we shall be able, after the erection of a few air-tight chambers, to send away as much meat as we can find tallow to pack it in. This last has been proposed as a medium for tho exclusion of air from wine casks on the passage to England or elsewhere. By placing each cask of wine inside a larger cask, and fill- ing the intervening space with tallow at a temperaturo a little above tho melting point, any leakage or evaporation should he pre- vented, and our lightest wines thus secured against the longest voyage. The experiment is worth trying, as we shall soon need an outlet for a portion of our annual production of wine ; and if this could bo sent to England safely without the expense of bottling, a paying price ought to bo realised for it. The vintage is just commencing now, and although the yield of wine will not be very large, owing to the late dry weather, the grapes will be thoroughly ripened, and the wines of 1870 ought to be above an average in quality. The Board of Agriculture is about to try the experiment of holding a show of wines only, offering a sum of £200 in prizes, to be competed for in July next. The neighbouring colonies are invited to try con- clusions with us ; and no doubt there will be competitors from both Now South Wales and South Australia, as the wines are to bo veiy carefully treated and judged. The grain shows have been held this month without any feature of special interest, unless it may be that the fruit element is becoming of more importance each year. Tho National Grain Show was held at Ballarat, and although over £600 was offered in prizes, was only moderately successful, no better in fact than, if as good as, the show of tho sort held at the samo place five years since. The first prize wheat was only 671b., and the other prize samples only GSAlb. to the bushel : nor were the other ex- hibits remarkable either for quality or quan tily. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The mining interest continues in a de. pressed state, but not without hope of improvement, An accident to the Hand and Band claim, which is viewed as an index to the future of Ballarat in the matter of alluvial mining, had a very depress- ing influence, but if the mine bo successful confidence will be restored, and tbe great field of untried country north and west of it will gradually bo opened up. Even now, the North Park Company have so far íegained confidence that they have decided to call for tenders immediately for sink- ing their shaft from where operations in it were suspended, and have purchased poppet legs. Tbe fine steady yields from tbo Gicat Northern Junction claim continue to add to their returning confidence, and if the United Suburban Company should be at all foitunate in proving the large gutter they have found to be equal in richness to that of the Great Northern Junction, the futuro de- velopment of that north-west territory will resolvo itself into a more question of time. A singular amount of success has attended tlie opening up of the Freehold United claim at Hepburn, and the other five mines immediately besido it. It is not possible yet to predict with any degree of certainty as to future results for all of these lucky claims, but present prospects justify the expectation of remarkably good fortune. Another piece of gratifying intelligence has been tho discovery in the shaft of the Black Horse claim, at Egerton, of what is supposed to be the main lode, but what at present is reported to be good payable quartz. This has been struck at a depth of nearly 700ft., which tallies very closely with the expressed opinions of a few miners, who predicted that it would bo at that depth the mainlodc would be found. This has bad tbo effect of improving the value of the shares, of directing more atten tion to tho Egerton mines, and it is hoped that in a few weeks more fui ther develop mcnts will take placo which will be of much importance to the district. Blackwood ha. fallen into the shade again, and even the dividends of the Sultan fail to improve the value of its own shares or to support that of other claims there. In the Pitfield district the success of the mincis is much moro satis- factory. ,, The most noticcablo feature in connexion with the Sandhurst quartz mines is tho gra- dual weakening and fall of shares in the Great Extended »Hustler's. This company, by the extraordinary result of the crushings from their new îeef-059oz., l,323oz., l,740oz" (and 1.8G50Z.-caused them to bo looked upon, and justly, as the great quartz company,'not only of the Bendigo distnct, but of the Aus- tralian colonies. No reef of such richness had been discovered or worked in any mine in the colony. Although the reef continues to increase in size, and the yields to propor- tionately become larger, yet close watchers of the stock could seo from the 'îesult of the last crushing of l,865oz,, which instead of strengthening weakened the stock, that only a pretext was needed to topple it down. That pretext was supplied by the yield of amalgam on Saturday week, 830oz, and since then rumours innumerable as to the sudden disappearance of the gold have been circulated, and the stock has come down from 42s. to 27s. Gd. The mine, nevertheless, is an undoubtedly good one. Tho yield of gold at Sandhurst for the month is pretty good, but hardly so large as was expected. It is 18,880oz. 3dwt. 20gr., giving an average of 4,722oz. ßdwt. 23gr. for each week, and being an increase on Ja- nuary's yield of l,790oz. 12dwt. 23gr.-repre- senting altogether a money value of about £75,650. Berlin is turning out to be a valuable gold-field. The Inglewood Advertiser of March 8, in noticing the discovery of several more large nuggets, says:-"Last week ap- peared to be oven moro prolific than usual in the production of nuggots, large and small, on this wonderful field. On Thursday, in Johns's paddock, a fine piece, weighing 128oz , was got by a Chinaman, besides several ounces in smaller bits. On Saturday last the Bank of New South Wales hore purchased 266oz., one beautiful piece, got by Smith and party, at the stockyard, Tyler's, weighing 212oz,, and the remainder, consisting of nuggots ranging from loz. to Ooz., have been got from Johns's paddock. The splendid yields horn the old workings are not, however, a sufficient criterion of the extent and value of the auriferous deposits of Berlin. Fresh discoveries of rich patches and leads are made every week, and the limits of the field are yet, it appears, far from having been reached. On Saturday last another new rush set in near Christmas-flat to a new gully just opened, from whicb a prospect of 4oz. off the bottom was taken." "An important discovery of tinstone, or oxide of tin, has just been made in the vicinity of Beechworth," writes the Ovens and Muiray Advertiser. "As our readers are aware, for years past stream tin (or black sand) in considerable quantities has been procured at Eldorado, Wooragee, and in tho beds of several of the smaller watercourses which take their rise in the ranges sur- rounding) Beechworth. Until recently no attempt was ever made to trace the sources from which this mineral had been washed, and the consequence is that until now no tin lode has ever been discovered in the district, or, we believe, in the colony. A party of prospectors, under the superin- tendence of Mr. Green, formerly of Myrtle- ford-a gentleman who has done good ser- vice to tho mining interest in this portion of the colony-has for some time post been out in the ranges in the vicinity of Beechworth, and the result is the discovery of a tin lode within half-a-milo of the town. On Saturday wo were shown, at the office of Mr. Turner, Camp-street, a number of specimens taken from the place where the discovery was made. These specimens consist of large pieces of granite, in which the oxide of tin is distinctly visible. Some portions of the stone aro studded with the prisms, while in otherssmall veins of the mineral run through the stone. The granite is of a hard close texture, slightly intermixed with quartz, and in addition to the tin a clear metallic substance is also visible in portions of the stone. The discovery as yet, from what we can learn, is of more im- portance from what it is likely to lead to than on account of any actual results obtained. In the specimens shown the tin ore is not sufficiently lieh to pay for the working, but it is the opinion not only of those engaged in tbe work of prospecting, but of eminent mineralogists like Mr. Brough Smyth, that payable tin lodes exist in the vicinity of Beechworth, and that they only require look- ing for. Wo have good reason to believe that this is now being carefully done under Mr. Green's superintendence, and before long wo hope to be able to report that a lode that will pay for the working has been struck." A new crushing, pulverising, and amalga- mating machine, invented by William Buttle, is thus described in the Bendigo Advertiser : " The stampers (of which there may be six on each shaft) are arranged so as to occupy the least possible space, and are lifted by inclined lever power. The pulverising disc is directly under the crushing bed on which the quartz is thrown, and which bed is perforated with holes of sufficient size to allow stone of coarse dimensions to fall through on the pulverising disc, which latter is caused to revolve : largo metal balls also are laid on it coveiing its entire suiface. The quartz when fine enough again descends through perforations in the second disc, and is further reduced by balls resting on the bottoms, and by the weight of the upper discs, at the same time the gold is amalgamated by the balls rolling in quick- silver. The stampers descend freely, and aro not to be confined in any way, except by a covering ; the middle disc alone revolves." DIAMOND MINING. 'The yield of diamonds obtained by the Aus. frolian Diamond-mining Company for the fortnight ending March 5 was 105 diamonds, weighing 183 carats ; tho yield for the four weeks since the departure of the last mail is 225 diamonds, weighing 40¡/ carats, also Coz. 12dwt. gold. A smaller yield than usual is shown in consequence of heavy rains and floods having greatly impeded the works. The floods in the diamond district of New South Wales appear to have been heavy, and to have puta temporary stop to mining opera- tions generally. Diamonds are said to have been found in a gully between Barraba and Bingera (on the Gwyder river, New South Wales), about 200 miles due north of Two-mile Flat, on tho Cudgegong River, where diamonds have been principally found hitherto. The finder of the stones is a miner named Peter Knox. They aie three in number, and described as being exceedingly like what they are claimed to be. The stones are in weight from a grain to about two grains, octagon shaped, of _ great bril- liance, the facets being easily distinguishable The first opportunity was to be taken to get them tested. A bottle containing 655 dia- monds, some of fair size, all found at aplace named Reedy Creek, was lately shown to the editor of one of the Mudgee newspapers by the manager of the Bank of New South Wales. MEAT PRESERVING. The prospects of the numerous companies engaged in the prosecution of this now enter- prise continuo as promising as ever. The demand for meat preserved according to the methods in use in Victoria is increasing, not- withstanding the active competition to which our manufacturers are subjected from other parts of tbe world, and as the stock markets still continuo favourable for purchasers, there is every probability of the present low but remunerative prices being maintained, lho great feature of the month in connexion with this subject has been the trial of some meat preserved according to Professor Gam gee's process. The accounts received of the successful results obtained by the application of this process had raised public expectation high, and, in consequence, the disappoint- ment was all the more severe when on a trial it was found that a sample of meat sent out here had altogether failed to stand the test of the long voyage from home. Four cases which arrived by the last mail, consigned to Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., and the Aus- tralian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Com- pany, were publicly opened a few days ago, and their contents found to be in a very bad state. Tho meat was all more or less putrid, and utterly unfit for use, though tho beef was not in quite as bad a con- dition as the mutton. The meat bad cntiroly lost its fresh colour, and was evidently fast on its way to rottenness, particularly so the parts surrounding tho bono. Some portions were as blue as if they had boen steeped in dje. lbo tallow which had been used for lining tbo case and for filling up the gaps between the pieces was also in bad condition, especially where it had been in contact with the meat. It resembled cakes of bad cheese as much as anything. The meat was closely packed in tallow in deal boxes. The arrival of the other packages preserved according to -tho samo procöss, which are expected by tho ship Crusader, is looked forward to with considerable anxiety. On tho same occasion a saddle of mutton preserved by Mr. Patrick Hayes, tho manager of tho Australian Meat-presomng Company, was - cooked and tasted. Tho process used by Mr. Hayes in curing tho meat in some respects resembled that of Professor Gamgee, inasmuch as ho caused tho living animal to in- hale carbonic oxido, but this must not bo con- founded with tho process employed by the company with which Mr. Hayes is connected. The meat, which ,had been cured some six months back, and which had boon since ex- posed to the atmosphore,, was found to bo quite sound, but dark'in colour, and having a somewhat unpalatable flavour. With this exception, but little bos occurred during tho month 'of much interest to homo readers. Messrs. Caldwell and Robert M'Cracken, the promoters of tho Victoria Meat-pre- serving Company, gave another luncheon for tho purpose of affording an oppor- tunity of testing the merits of tho meat preserved according to their process. Tho different dishes were all pronounced to bo excellent. This company's meat is now be- ginning to be extensively used in England, France, and Pruásia. , After his interview with Mr. D. Tallerman, tho Emperor of the French recommended the use of tho meat in his navy, which in itself is a flattering testi- monial to the good qualities of the produc- tions of tho company. The Melbourne Meat preserving Company have been prosecuting their operations with their accustomed vigour ; and to show with what rapidity their meats find a sale at home, it is only needful to men- tion that their agents havo written out by the last mail to complain that, they have scarcely a tin in band. Six shipments had been re- ceived during the month, four of which wero sold at once, and the two others were in course of being disposed of whon tho mail left, A series of large shipments must havo come to hand long before this. The directors will be able to meet the shareholders at the half yearly meeting on the 4th prox. with a highly satisfactory report, After declaring a dividond of 5s. per share, a sum of £0,342 will be car- ried forward to tho next half-year. During the period covered by the report tho company have disposed of 100,752 sheep and 090 oxen. As an illustration of the extent of their operations, it may be mentioned that they pay no less a sum than £840 a year under the new Abattoirs Act, which imposes a tax of .id. for every sheep and 3d. for every head of cattle slaughtered. It is satisfactory to men- tion that a large local consumption of these meats is springing up. The Warrnambool Company have also commenced operations in earnest, and with every prospect of recouping themselves for the heavy expenses which they have been put to, the building having cost £2,023, and the machinery £1,450. The pro- posal that tho company should amalgamate with a Melbourne company waa declined by a large majority. Meat preserving is going on on a large scale at Echuca. The company re- cently established there havo finished the extension of their buildings, and will soon be in a position to commence operations. It is estimated that their consumption of sheep will average about 12,000 a week. THE LABOUR MARKET. Owing to the continued dry weather, farm- ing operations throughout tho country are for the present at a stand-still. The break up of tho season,' however, is looked for every day, and as soon as we' have a few days' rain to loosen the ground, the farmers will be all busy enough. Skilled artisans are still able to obtain current wages at quoted rates, particularly in the building trades, which are at present very active. The con- struction of the new Government railway line to Seymour, a distance of over 50 miles, will absorb all the unskilled labour we have available. The usual weekly rations allowed in Vic- toria aro 101b. to 121b. of meat (beef or mut- ton), 101b. Hour, 21b. of sugar, and -Jib. of tea. The following servants are fed and lodged by their employers, receiving rations as above : For stations, married couples (first-class) £00 to £80 per annum ; do. (second-class), £50 to £00 per annum ; do., for outstations, £40 to £50 per annum j cooks, £40 to £52 per -an- num ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per annum ; nursemaids, £20 to £35 per annum ; grooms, £40 to £55 per annum ; general station bands, 15s per week ; shepherds (first-class), £35 to £45 per annum ; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 per annum ; lads for the country, 10s. to 12s. per week. For farms, married couples, £10 to £50 per annum ; cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; housemaids, £25 to £30 per annum ; general female servants, £30 to £35 per an- num ; farm labourers, 15s. per week ; plough- men, 159. to 20s. per week. For hotels, cooks, male and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per annum ; grooms, 15"!. to 20s. per week. Town, housemaids, £20 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, £35 to £45 per annum : male do., 20a. to 003. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per annum j laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick laj ers, plasterers, and carpenters an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall -be 10s. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; pick and shovel men, 0s. per day. Tailors.-In first class establishments good men are scarce, and constant work is to bo had at the average of from £3 to £3 15s. per week. In second-class establishments the average earnings are from £2 10s. to £3. In factories, tailors, best bands, average £210s. Tailoresses can earn as follows :-Trouser and vest hands, 30s. per week ; coat do., 353. ; pressers, £2. Clothing Machinists.-Best, 30s. per week ; ordinary, 20s. ; shirtmakers (machin'sts), girls, 12s. 6d. to 17s. ; cutters, 15s. Gd. to 30s. ; finishing, 2s. to 6s. per doz. Bootmakers.-In the best establishments, for bespoke work, the rates paid are as fol- low ¡-Wellingtons, 14s. 6d. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. ; riding boots, back strap, 24s. In factories good workmen can oarn from £2 to £2 15s. per week at slop work. Ordinary hands earn £2 per week. Cabinetmakers.-In tho best shops the average earnings of good tradesmen is 12s. per day and upwards, according to ability ; polishers, 10s. to 11s. In second-class estab- lishments and factories first bands make 10s. per day, and for cabriolo work 12s. ; up- holsterers, 9s. to 10s. ; polishors, 8s. to 9s. ; saw-mill hands, 10s. to 12s. per day of eight hours. Iron Founders, Smiths, &c-Smiths; are poid per hour, and good men can earn on au average 10s. to 14s. per day; fitters, 9s. to 12s. ; turners, 14s. ; moulders, 11s. to 14s. ; pattern-makers, 10s. to 13s. ; mechanical engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn on an average £2 10s. per week of 10 hours per day. Stevedores' Men.-Lumpers and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 10s, The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey-engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £16 per month. Painters.-Ordinary hands get 8s. per day, but work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.-Advertisements have ap- peared for steady mon in this trade at £4 per week ; this may be taken as the ordinary rate. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Saddlers and Harnessmakers.-Tho best bands in this trade earn £3 per week -time, 10 hours per day ; second class (mostly young men), 25s. to 30s. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. Tho work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Gardeners.-First-class mon-without ra- tions-for situations near town, get 50s. to 60s. per week, but the demand for best bands is very limited ; do. for country, 50s ; second class do., near town, 36s. to 42s. per week; third class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20s. I Minors.-The average rate for minors in I the Ballarat district is £2 6s. per week, eight noun.' shift ; breaksmen get a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-miners, £2 Cs. aud £2, according to the character of tbo work j engi- neers get from £3 10s. to £3 ; ordinary labourers, 5s. to 6s. 6d. per day. In Bendigo a large quantity of the mining is done on tri- buto. The rates for Ballarat and Bendigo generally rule the rate for alluvial and quartz mining throughout the country. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS PITAL. Tho following is a list of the deaths that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specif) ing, as far as is known, tho names of tho deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of tho vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Angus, John, aged 32, storeman, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1801, by tho Stafford ¡jhhc ; died February 27, of phthisis. Angoir, Thomas, labourer, aged 32, native of Shrop- shire ; arrived in 1889, by the Golden Era ; died February 28, of pneumonia. Avont {alias Marks), Mary'Ann, aged 20, nativo of Nor- wich ; arrived in 18G1,s by tho Undaunted . died March 2, of phthisis. ' Boyd, Malcolio, tailor, aged 48, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852, by the Annie Thorp . - died March 1, of phthisis. Browning, Eliza- beth, aged 34. native of Ireland ; arrived in 1855, by the Western Bride ; died March 14, of morbus coxie. . Campbell, Janet, domestic, aged 40, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1802¿ ship unknown . died February ?7, of sanguineous apoplexy.' Carter,'John, detective, aged 39, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1859, by the Great Bri.' tain ; died from accidental fracture of thtÄTl breast bone. Coles, George, hawker, aged 38, native of Somerset ; arrived in 1859, by the Tudor ; died March 23, of phthisis. Cun- ningham, Alice, aged 47, native of Sunderland . arrived in 1857, by the General Wyndham . died March 19, of dropsy. ' Davis, Mary, domestic, aged 70, native of Wales; arrived in 1827, by the Harmony - died March 3, of bronchitis. Doonor Joseph, dealer, aged 51, native of Manchester arrived in 1S04 by the Hotspur ; died March' 15, of phthisis. Dap Tung, carpenter, aged 35, native of Canton ; arrived in 1859, ship unknown ; died March 24, of cancer. Ely, Thomas, shoemaker, aged 62, native of Essex ; arrived in 1857, by tho Conway . died February 20, of disease of the heart! Elmer, Caroline, aged 21, native of London . arrived in 1857, by tho Mermaid ; died March* 2, of cancer. ' Foley, Michael, labourer, aged 45, native of Ireland; arrived in 1853, by the Banker's Daughter ; died February 25, of dyspepsia. Fogle [alias Ford), domestic, aged 45, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1854, by thoWelcomo ; died February 27, of phthisis. Fox, Charles, labourer, agcd47,nativo of London ; arrived in 1849, ship unknown ; died March 1, of phthisis. Flack, Janet, seamstress, aged 42, native of Bhmineliam ; arrived in 1837, by the Appleton ; died March 22, of phthisis. Gleve. Elizabeth, domestic, aged 48, native of the Isle of Man ; no further particulars known ; died March 17, of epilepsy. Glee- son, Stephen, labourer, aged 61, native of Ireland ; anived in 18G4, by the Empress of tbo Seas ; died March 16, of bronchitis. Harris, Mary Ann, aged 3G, native of Gloucester ; arrived in 1859, ship unknown ; died March 8, of paralysis and exhaustion. Horwood, Alfred, clcik, aged 45, native oE London; arrived in 1858, by the Lincoln- shire ; died March 24, of mitral disease Kent, Margaret, domestic, aged l8, native of Tipperary : arrived in 18G7, by the White Star ; died March 5, of phthisis. Lennox, John, labourer, aged GO, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1855, ship unknown ; died March 11, of apoplexy. Leggin, Hy., storeman, aged 50, native of Sussex ; arrived 1853, by the Frances Henty ; died March 11, of hepatitis. Lawson, William, stockman, aged 40, native of Norway ; arrived in 1853, by the Gambier ; died March 19, of cardiac. Manley, Edward, miner, aged G4, native of Dublin ; no further particulars known ; died Marchi, of malignant disease of the stomach. Montgomery, James, whitesmith, aged 37, native "*of Irelaud ; arrived in 18G8, by the Lightning ; died March 2, of tumour iu ab- domen. Moffatt, Robert, labourer, aged 66, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1858, by the Marco Polo ; died March 0, of gangrene. Michaud, John, seaman, aged 47, native of France ; arrived in lSöG, ship unknown ; died March 9, of phthisis. Monk, Henry, water- man, aged 48, native of Gravesend ; arrived in 1852, ship unknown ; died March li, of phthisis. Montgomery, William, sawyer, aged 4G, native of Scotland ; anived in 1853, by the Hurricane ; died March 20, of bronchitis. Nixon, Thomas, irondrosser, aged 37, native of Ireland ; arrived in 18G3, ship un- known ; died March 19, of pneumonia. Need- ham, Thomas, miller, aged 4G, nativo of Canada ; arrived in 18G2, ship unknown ; die d March 17, of paralysis. Quelcb, John, seaman, aged 38, native of Buckinghamshire ; arrived in 1869, by the White Rose ; died March G, of dysentery. Skinner, Wm., labourer, aged 23, native of Scotland ; arrived in 18GG, by the Burlington ; died March 16, of dysentery. Taylor, Charlotte, domestic, aged 39, native of London ; arrived in 1854, by the Shalimar; died March 9, of phthisis. Thompson, Isaac, labourer, aged 72, native of Scotland j arrived in 1854, by the Star of India ; died March 3, of hemiplegia. Willis, John, joiner, aged 71, native of Devon ; arrived in 18G8 by tho Suffolk ; died February 25, of phthisis. Wrigley, William, labourer, aged 41, nativo of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1857, by the Sardinian ; died February 27, of cerebral apoplexy. FLOODS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. While many districts in Victoria aro suffer- ing from the want of rain, accounts are being received of the most disastrous Hoods in the neighbouring colony of New South Wales. The principal flood occurred on the Hunter River, ono of the most important in that colony. The districts through which it runs being extremely fortile, and in many places highly cultivated, property to a vast extent has been destroyed. After a fall of heavy rain for soveial days, tho river on tho 9th inst. had risen 20ft. above its ordinary level. The pressure of such an immense volume of water soon told upon the artificial embank- ments, with which this frequently-swollen river is restrained within its natural boundaries, near the towns of East and West Maitland, distant about 98 miles north of Sydney. AJaim was first cieated in the minds of the inhabitants by tho force with which tho water carried tho drift-wood against the piers of the Belmore-bridge which spans the stream and connects both townships. The floodgates were sufficient for a time to carry off tho surplus water, but finally the corner of the wall neaiest the West Maitland side of tho bridge gave way, and the torrent, with irresistible force, swept through the opening, levelling the hugo wall adjoining tho bridge, and carrying destruc- tion in its course over tho adjacent country. Crops of maize (just ripe), potatoes, pump- kins, lucerne, and millet m every direction were soon submerged and totally destroyed. This state of things was aggravated by the giving way of the embankment situated at the Horse-shoe Bend, which bad tho effect of partially inundating tho town itself. The numerous creeks in tho neighbourhood also overflowed their banks, aud contributed not a little to the general devastation. The river Hawkesbury, which flows from the Bluo Mountains near tho town of Richmond, and disembogues into Broken Bay, about 14 miles to the north of Port Jackson, has also risen, partly submerging the town of Wind- sor, and overspreading the adjacent dis- tricts. The actual extent of tho damage caused by theso floods has not yet been ascertained, but it must be considerable. By the latest tele- grams, the weather was gradually clearing up and the floods subsiding. New South Wales has not been exceptional in this visitation. Serious floods have occurred in Queensland, and gTeat injury caused to proporty. Tho diggings in Gympie wero for a time completely inundated, and the miners compelled to abandon their work. In fact, business gene- rally throughout the colony was greatly influ- enced by the calamity. PEDESTRIANISM. DltAWN MATCH BETWEEN HEWITT AND HAIHIIS. The challenge match between John Gregory Harris, the Australian champion foot- runner, and Frank Hewitt, the English champion, for £1,000 and the championship of the world, ' came off on tho Melbourne Cricket ground on the 5th and 7th March. No event of the kind has excited such general interest sinco the arrival of the first All-England Eleven cricketers who visited these shores. Nearly 20,000 people witnessed the races on each day, and the backers of both men being equally confident, the most intense excite- ment prevailed. The match included five Hat races. Those run on tho first day were tho 150 yards, the 200 yards, and the 300 yards, leaving for the second day tho quarter of a mile race and the 100 jards race. The intervals between tbo champion races wero occupied by some athletic sports of no great interest. The first __,_?.. --.v., -__..-.- gOt -..-.J_ u yard, incieased it to three yards by the time they were half way, and won by about two-both going at full speed all the way, and Harris only slackening the merest trifle¡when ho found himself close to home. Time, lois.-very good, considering that thcro was some up-hill running. About an hour and a quarter afterwards the two competitors came out to run the ¿w j ards race. Though the starter says tue raen started dead level, yet when the pair carno out of the crowd into view, Howitt had an undoubted lead. For 30 yards the distance between them-a little more than a yard did not alter, and it looked as if theie was going to be a turning of tho tables, but Harris's stronger running brought uini oloDgsido tho champion by tho timo they were half way. They then went sido ¿y side for a second or two, and after that Harris left his opponent inch by inch. Xt 20 yards from homo ho had a clear load, and ho won by three- yards. Time, 20} Beconds. There remained tho 300 yards race, which had to bo run upon a curve, jleffitt got the advantage of inside position, and tho further advantage of tho lead as soon as tho two woro in motion. They dashed off at a grand pace, Harris a little be- hind for some distance, but soon putting forth n determined effort to get on a level with Hewitt. By the time they had turned their faces in the direction of the pavilion reserve, which, would be alittlounder half-way, Harris V^ got quite close to his man. They carno on towards the tape almoât abreast. Hewitt still having something of a lead, and Harris doing his vory best to got in front of him. They ran vory close together, Hewitt's right arm being in front of his opponent's loft, and half- way across his chest. Tho splendid strugglo was kept np to tho very finish, when tho result was left in doubt. Mr. H. C. Harrison, umpire for Hewitt, gave it a dead heat; Mr. Wallis, umpire for Harris, gave the race to Harris, and amid great excite- ment, and a rush on the part of every one of the vast multitude over ropes and chains, to the pavilion gato, the refereo, Mr. George Watson, was appealed to. Ho said, "A dead heat," and tho fact being notified on the board, there was great cheering. Im- mediately after the race a protest was lodged by Harris, who complained of having been jostled towards the close of tho race. This caused somo moro confusion, during which tho protest was warmly supported by «umbers of tho spectators, though it was a question upon which very few wero, from their position, qualified to give a decided opinion. The time by Mr. Harrison's watch was 331 seconds; unfortunately, in the ex- citement, tho official time was not taken exactly. Each of tho competitors was sub- sequently called out and cheered, and then the crowd grad ually dispersed. Subsequently the protest was considered, and disallowed. On the second day of tho contest the at- tendance was equally large, while the excite- ment had increased. Hewitt looked even better than on Saturday, and wore a more confident expression on his face, while whispers of Harris's having caught cold wero circulated freely. A capital start was ef- fected for the quarter of a mile race, the pair bounding away together, but in a few strides Harris got in front, and having pre- viously been on tho outside, now took up the inside running, and having Hewitt imme- diately behind him, led the way at a rattling pace. The Australian increased his lead as they went along, and was a good two yards in advance when tho opposite side of the ground was reached. They continued the same dis- tance apart until they began to shapo their way towards the winning-post, having then about 100 yards to run, when Hewitt, who had been lying contentedly behind, suddenly increased his pace, was alongside Harris in an instant, and immediately afterwards came away from him as though he alone was at- tempting to run. The race was settled 80 yards from home. Harris, who had exhausted himself by making the pace so strong at the beginning, had not the power left to copo with the Englishman, who came on towards the pavilion with the race in hand. Harris pulled up 20 yards from the tape, and Hewitt's last dozen strides were done in a trot. This was a complete surprise. Tbo easy victory was so different from what had been calculated upon. There could be no question about the Eng- lishman's superiority at tho long distance. A shriek of delight arose from all parts of the field, and newitt was cheered again and aRain. Tho official timo was 51J seconds-by the watch of a gentleman who carefully timed most of the races, 514. Hewitt's victory greatly raised him in general estimation, and even mado him the favourite for tho 100 yards match, which was the last of the five events. The backers of Harris were still confident in their man, for they could not but romomber that his fame had been acquired in running over short distances ;' at the same time, the odds were now asked for instead of offered. The final event came at the close of the day's sports, and the spectators waited for it with much anxiety. On tho discharge of the pistol away the two dashed for the goal on the opposite side of tho ring, at their topmost ?speed. Both men got off together, but Hewitt immediately showed in front, and a score yards from tho mark Harris was a yard and a half, or more, behind. As they flew on at almost equal speed across the ground, tho interval betweon thom scarcoly altered, but from half way Harris began to gain on his opponent, and the hopes .of his friends, almost drooping, revived. But the timo for making np lost ground was so very short ! Harris gained still more ; a few ?yards further on and thore was no space be- tween them. As they nearcd the winning post, their backs were turned towards the pavilion, and they seemed almost in line. A moment later and they were past the tape. How was it? So close was tho finish that none could say who had won. Hewitt was at first put upon tho board as the winner, but it was afterwards announced that the judges had disagreed. These gentlemen, with tho referee, retired into the pavilion with the committee, and the multitude who pressed eagerly up to tho very gates, awaited their decision with great impatience, giving the police their work to do to prevent mis- chief. In three minutes the finding was mado known, and shouts of " Hewitt" coming from the inside of tho pavilion almost rendered the hoisting of the number superfluous. The decision had been arrived at in this way. Mr. Harrison, umpire for Hewitt, could not say. -which carno in first, and gave it a " dead beat;" Mr. Wallis, Harris's umpire, was confident his man had won by a foot. The referee, Mr. George Watson, said both were wrong, and pronounced emphatically that Hewitt was tho winner, and when asked by how much, said, "By the thickness of his body," The few who were in a position to judge of the matter with certainty, namely, those standing at the tape when it was breasted, were almost unanimous in bearing out the finding of Mr, Watson, besides wnich that gentleman's reputation for fair play was quite enought to put the matter beyond doubt. Another question, however, was quickly brought into prominence-" Could Mr. Wat- son do more than decide between a dead heat and a win by Hams ?"-and a protest was lodged with the referee by Harris. What the conditions of the race say on the subject is " The decision of the umpires to be final, but in the event of their disagreeing, the decision of the refereo to be final " The more import- ant races wero carefully timed by several gentlemen, besides the official timekeeper, who, by the byo, was not always the same person. The discrepancies were sufficient to thiow some doubt on the perfect accuracy of the timekeeping that has been in vogue hitherto. The last race, according to tho official time, was dono in DJs. ; according to other watches, in 10s. and in 10.is. ; but the first time must have been nearest the mark. Hewitt was trained for the match by Mr. Ledger, trainer of tho English champions generally. Mr. H. Conway was the trainor ?of Harris. The protest in the 100 yards race was subsequently withdrawn by Har- ris, and the stakes in all the matches except the 300 yards race have been paid over. £200, the stakes in the 300 yards race, will be given up as soon as the re- spectivo backers como to nn understanding in the matter. Frank Howitt, the English champion, a native of Rochester, was born on May 8,1845-so that be is now in his 25th year-and stands nffc. 8Jin. in height. He appears to have had a most successful career as a runner in the old country. Since he ran his fiiùt race in 1863, ho seems not to have met a man able to compete with bim on equal terms at any distance from 100 or 150 yards up to half a milo. Tho distauco at which he has shown himself to greatest advantage is 440 yards, -hence his being styled by some the champion quarter of a mile runner, but his most flattering designation is "the best all-round man the English footracing arena has possessed for some years." John Gregory Harris is a thorough- bred Victorian, having beon born on tho 9th May, 1814, in the oldest street of Melbourne. He is a year older than Hewitt, and 5ft. lOin. m height, as against Hewitt's 5ft. 8.'in. Ho cunio out first in 1864 on tho Melbourne Cricket-ground. Since then ho has been a winner many times, and during the last two years tuat^e has been a professional runner, he'has i__iad. all before him, beating not only theUxstmen in Victoria, butthebest that the other colonies have been able to match against h ; m. Am on g b is greatest feats was, perhaps, his winning three times successively the threo several ovents for tho Challenge Cup given at the sports held on the Melbourne Cricket ground at tho beginning and end of the cricket; season. Harris won tho races for tho Challenge Cup in April and November, 18G7, aud in April, 1868-distances 100, 440, and .SS0 yards-and by his victories took away the cup from Mr. H. C. Harrison, who before that time had been regarded as tho best runner in the colony. But it is not from the fact of his haying been BO often a winner thatTa high opinion has been entertained of Harris. Iiather has ho beon judged by tho splendid time in which he has dono his races. It was not to bo expected that ho would have the opportunity of meeting in these colonies with men equal in pace to some of those whom Hewitt has discomfited in England. But the time, if it could be relied on as exact, was a sufficient standard of comparison. A few days after the English pedestrians landed, Harris covered 150 yards in a match with Bolton in 15s., and the champions themselves said that this time could not be beaten in England. There has been a largo amount of speculation on the match. Tho backers of both men were equally sanguine about the result, but Harris had a slight call in the betting. Ho was backed at 5 to 4 for the short distances, his supporters not being so sure about the longer distances, in which Howitt would be moro at home. It was even betting as to wbo would win threo events out of tho five. CRICKET. When the last mail left the annual inter, colonial match between New South Wales and Victoria was proceeding, and, as was anticipated, it ended in an easy victory for the Victorians, who beat their opponents by 261 runs. Lieutenant Gordon, of the 14th Regiment, who played for Victoria, made the splendid score of 121, and was presented with a silver cup in acknowledgement of bis ser- vices. The presentation was made by His Excelloncy the Governor. The following table shows the results of all the intercolonial matches played between the two colonies : MATCHES PLAYED BETWEEN VicTonu AND NEW SouTn WALES. \- Date. 1 Mar., 1856. 2 Jan., 1857. 3 Jan., 1858. 4'jan., 1850. 6 Feb., 1860. 0 Jan., 1861. 7 J»n" 1802. 8¡Fob., 1803. 9 Dec,, 1805. lODec, 1880. 11 Doo., 1807. 12 Mar., 1869. JS'Fob., 1870. Wnoro Winning Played. Melbourne Sydney .* Melbourne Sidney Melbourne. Sydney Holbourne. Sydnoy Melbourne Sydnoy Melbourne. Sydney Melbourne Side. Won By. C..S.Wale.3wIckots. N.B.Wales65 run.. Victoria . Victoria. Victoria Victoria Victoria N.S.Wales Victoria Victoria.. Victoria.. Victoria.. 171 runs. 2 wickets. runs. 21 rum. IO wlckots. 84 runs. In ono Innlntjs with 20 runs to spare. Ia ono innings with 13 runs to Bparo. 7 wicket., 78 runs. 264 runs. The New South Wales team before leaving tho colony played a match at Ballarat with a local eleven, and won easily. The intercolonial match between Victoria and Tasmania, played at Launceston on the 15th and 10th March, was won by Victoria in one innings, with 30 runs to spare. Victoria was not represented by anything like her best eleven, and the easy victory must be attri- buted in part to the divisions botweon tho northern and southern cricketers of Tas- mania, which .prevented them bringing a united eleven into the field. RACING. Tho past month has been a busy one throughout the colony, no less than 11 different race meetings having been hold. The V.R.C. autumn races were financially a failure for the club, the attendance being so bad that there is a loss of nearly £700 on the two days' meeting. The racing, however, was fully equal to expectations. The Hurdle Race was won by Mr. Moran's Victor, by Morris Dancer, beatingseven others, and doing the distance, about three miles, in 5m. 55s. Owing to the death of Mr. H. Fisher's grand colt Charon, by Ferryman, who unfortunately broke his back while doing his last gallop before the meeting, the St. Leger Stakes was reduced to a match between Lamplighter and Orlando, which was won by the former with the greatest ease. The £100 Plate was won by Kestrel ; 11 others started. Einht voungsters came to the post for the Ascot Vale Stakes, which 'was won by Mr. H. Fisher's filly The Roe, by Stockowner, after a good finish with Florence. The Australian Cup fell to the lot of the beautiful pony Norma, by Athos, who did tho two miles and a quarter in 4m. 11s., beating six others. The £50 Plate was won by Austral, by BoiaTdo. On the second day Victor, carry- ing 9.t. 41b., won the Grand Stand Stakes of one mile and three quarters, with ease, beat- ing Kestrel and Misty Morn, in 3m. 20s. In the Nursery Handicap, Florence by Boiardo turned the tables on Mr. Fisher's filly The Roe, winning the race easily. The Autumn Handicap was won by Milesian, an aged horse by Kelpie, carrying 7st. 21b. ; the Syd- ney horse, The Dane, from whom so much was expected, never showing in front during the race. The Town Plate, two miles and a half, weight for ago, was won by that game son of Panic, Strop, beating Glencoe, Pnetor, and others with ease. The Steeplechase was a very well-contested affair, the winner being Dutchman, ridden by his owner. Reindeer was second ; six others started. The meet- ing closed with a Heiter Skelter Stakes, won by Rambler, beating eight others. Of the various country meetings, the most im- portant and certainly the greatest favourite with the Melbourne racing mon is the Kyne- ton Annual Meeting. It is within easy reach of the city, being only two hours by rail ; the situation is ono of the most beautiful in Vic- toria, and the arrangements are of the most perfect description. For the ono day's racing there wero no less than six events on the card. The first, a handiexvp hurdle race, was won by a local maro named Brunette. Orlando won the Maiden Plate, beating six others. Milesian won the Kyneton Handicap, of ono milo and three quarters, after a very severe struggle with Mischief ; Norma, who was third, did not run in her Melbourne form. The Steeplechase was won by Tartar, Ithuriel being second ; three others started, but did not get round. Rambler won the Selling Race, beating seven others. In the Welcome Handicap, Mischief, by Pre- mier, beat Milesian after a splendid finish, thus upsetting tbe double-event bets, Milesian having been backed heavily to win both handicaps. Notwithstanding there being so many good prizes to run for throughout the colonies, the price offered for thoroughbred yearlings is so small as almost to put a stop to the breeding of thoroughbred stock. After the Melbourne meeting a number of yearlings, by Touchstone, out of first-class" mares, wero offered for sale, but only one found a pur- chaser, at the low price of £21. Two mag- nificent ycariings by the Ace of Clubs, out of tbo imported mares Concert and Mary Avenel, were also left on the breeders' hands. _ THE THEATRES. The operatic season at the Theatre Royal, which terminates in about a fortnight, when the troupe go on to Sydney, has so far been remarkably successful, and some of the moro prominent members of Lyster and Smith's Italian company have become exceedingly popular with the musical public. Tho great hit of tho month has been the production of "Norma," in which the prima donna achieved a distinguished success. No other lyric artist who has yet performed in this colony has approached her in the part, and it is not too much to say_ that there aro few Normas to be met with in European theatres who can surpass her. Signora Barrattfs singing of "Costa Diva" is a perfqrmonco of such rare musical excellence that it will not readily pass from the memory of those,who have heard it, and it is seldom that a singer is privileged to influence her audience as this gifted artist does by her impassioned delivery of the music in the concluding scenes of the opera. The Italian Company have also given an excellent representa- tion of "II Trovatore," but Gounod's "Faust," which was produced for the first time on Thursday, has been a comparativo failure, some of the leading performers not having thoroughly mastered tho difficulties of the music. The performance, however, is full of promise of future excellence. The entertain- ments have been diversified by tho introduc- tion of English opera, in which Mr. Beaumont and Madame Simonsen have played the lead- ing parts with much success. Mr. Beaumont, who is a Victorian tenor, made his first ap- pearance after a long absence from the colony on Saturday week, in "The Bohemian Girl," in which he was received with the ut- most cordiality. His voice has gained some- what in power within the last two years, and his style of vocalisation bos perceptibly im- proved. On Saturday evening last thero was a very successful performance of "Maritana, Mr. Beaumont playing Don Ciesar, and Madame Simonsen the gipsy heroine. A most noteworthy event in the theatrical annals of the month has been the arrival of Mr. Chas. Mathews, who, it is needless to add, has beon most cordially welcomed. The Yorick Club give him a complimentary dinner at Scott's Hotel this evening, and ho will moke his first appearance on tho Australian stago at the Theatre Royal, on the 9th April. On the 2nd March, a benefit was given at the Theatre Royal to Mr. Robert Helier, tbo prestidigitateur, who has had a most success- ful season in Melbourne. Tho entertain- ments wero supplemented by the General Tom Thumb troupe, and tho house was crammed. A few evenings later a farawell benefit was given in the same theatre to Miss Cleveland, who is about to return to England The nouso was well attended, and Miss Cleveland'wJ'1 Carry with her to the other side of tho wo^'" ,tu0 beat 7'*esofa very large number of au mirora o£ hor rar° abilities. , . "Tho Lancashire Lass, " aftb.T enj?&ng; î remarkably successful run of five W?ÛKS ac the Princess's Theatre, has boen witulrt£awn 'in favour of tho drama of "The Iii. mc Wreck" and tho extravaganza of "Thb Military Billy Taylor." Both pieces aro well received, but wero it not for the bills it would bo difficult to say which is the burlesque and which tho drama, for the ono is almost as ludicrous a mixture of improbabilities as tho other. General Tom Thumb and suite are giving entertainments in the suburbs of Melbourne with considerable success. Miss Milly Palmer, tho wife of Herr Band man, has made her first appearance in Sydney, where she has played Juliet and kindred parts with signal success. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of tho Government lines Of railway for tho week endingl7th March show a gradual improvement over the correspond- ing period of last year in all the main brancbcB of traffic ; but this increase is not sufficient to make up for the reduction in the aggregate returns occasioned by the altera- tion in the charges for maits and rents. For tho week tho returns from this branch amounts to £128 2s. 6d., while for the same period last year it was £429 4s. 8d., showing a reduction of £3012s. 2d. Tho passenger traffic gives a return of £3,922 4s. 3d., as against £3,59313s. 8d. for the samo period last year, showing an increase in the receipts from this branch of £328 10s. 7d. For the carriago of goods and minorais the return is £6,089 14s. 9d., as against £6,020 9s. last year, showing an increase of £09 5s. 9d. For the carriago of cattle, the amount is almost equal to that received for the corresponding week last year -the return is £454 3s., against £44411s. lid., giving £9 Us. Id. in favour of the present year. The aggregate amount to date is £118,43110s. Od., as against £120,353 18s. 7d., showing a falling off in the present year's re- turns of £1,92119s. Id., as compared with the returns fortho same period of last year. Tho weekly average (for 11 weeks) is £10,76G 10q. 10d., as against £10,941 5s. 4d. last year, showing a weekly falling off of £175 14s. Od., as compared with last year. Tho followingisthe cross revenue for the last five years to date. Traffic to 15th March, 18G6. £112,606 15s. 7d.; to 21st March, 1807, £119,87015s. 6d. ; to 19th March, 1808, £124,826 9s. lid. ; to 18th March 18G9. £120,353 18s. 7d. ; to 17th March, 1870, £118,431 19s. 6d. Tho roturns from the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway show a falling off on the month's returns to a considerable extent. The amount derived from tho car- riago of passengers shows very little difference from the return of the corresponding period of last year. For the month endinctl7th March the return from this branch was £7,404 6s 5d., against £7,459 16s. 6d. last year, show- ing a falling off of £45 10s. Id. In tho car- riage of merchandise the falling off is con- siderable, the return for tho month being £3,301 la. 3d. as against £3,64515s. 5d. for the corresponding period of last year, showing a falling off in this branch of traffic of £344 14s. 2d. The total revenue for the month amounts to £10,705 7s. 8d. as against £11,105 11s. lid., tho corresponding month's returns of last year, showing a total reduction on the month's re- turns of £400 4s. 3d. The aggregate roturns from the 1st January to 17th March amount to £32,1C5 12s. Id., as against last year's re- turns to 18th March, £32,098 19s. 5d., show- ing an increase in favour of the present year to tho amount of £62 12s. 8d. The weekly average is £2,902 l?,s. 4d., against £2,918 Is. 9d., showing a weekly increase of £4410s. 7d. NOTES FROM THE SEA. TOTAL WIIEOK OF THE SCHOONER MAMPOSA. -Intelligence was received from Broken Bay on March 14, announcing the loss of the above schooner, of and for this port. The Mariposa, Captain J. Phillips, left Newcastle on Tues- day, 8th March, with 230 tons of coal, and after a severe buffeting in the recent S.E. gale, got into Broken Bay on Friday ovening. Both anchors were let go, and held her until Saturday evening, when the wind came in more from the eastward, and both cables parting, the vessel went ashore near Juno Head, and became a total wreck. She was insured in the Australian office for £1,200, of which moro than ono-half is ro-insured. BUBNING OP THE SHIP ELIZA IN HOBSON'S BAY.-The large clipper ship Eliza, Captain It. Patching, which arrived in Melbourne on January, from Quebec, with a cargo of timber, was on March 12 burned to tho water's edge, and her destruction adds yet another to the already lengthy re- cord of casualties of this description which havo been witnessed in Port Phillip. The Eliza was consigned to Messrs. Moore and Co., of this city, and after discharging cargo at the town pier, she anchored in the bay, at a short distance from the railway pier. On 25th February last she cleared out at tho Customs for Gaum, her destination, however, being Baker's Island, to which she bad been charteied in England to proceed for a cargo of guano. She had on board 700 tons of sand ballast, and also 30 sheep, and a quantity of hay for fodder. Her complement of men (25 in all) had also been shipped, and she was to have proceeded to sea on the morning on which she was burned, It is not known how the fire originated, and Captain Patching is unable to conjecture any reason for its being the work of an incendiary, there being no disagreement between himself and crew, and the ship being also in good sea-going order. The fire was discovered by the watchman on deck about 4 a.m. on the morning of the 2nd March, and he gave the alarm. The ship's bell was rung, but, there being a denso fog, the dangerous situation of the vessel was not known till the llames had gained the mastery. Captain Payno, of H.M.S. Nelson, endea- voured to effect a breach in the hull by means of a torpedo, but the fuse failed, and scuttling by the ordinary method was tried. But this not being very successful, a second torpedo was placed under the stem, and eight minutes after the fuse was fired an explosion took place. The effect of it was to press the vessel up on the port side undor the fore chains, and from the way in which it affected the metal sheathing, the form of the vessel appeared to alter for about a distance of 20ft. After this opening in tho bottom, the vessel gradually settled down, and grounded about 9 a.m. in between three and four fathoms of water. The masts bad gone by the hoard about 7 o'clock, and the flames continued till tho bull was burned close to the water's edge. The ship Eliza hailed from Liverpool, and was owned there by Messrs. W. H. Ross and Co., and up to the time of her destruction she was estimated to bo worth as she stood, some £7,000 or £8,000. It is not known whether she is insured or not. CHAHOE AGAINST THE CAPTAIN OP CCHE WiiiitLwnm-The second mate and some of the seamen of the ship Whirlwind proferred against the master (Captain Graham) a charge of having wilfully stranded his ship on 10th December last, on tho Brewer's reef, in the Java Seas. The chargo was investigated by the Steam Navigation Board. It appeared that the ship left Hong Kong for Melbourne on 27th November last, and was on the loth December in tho neighbourhood of Brewor's reef. On tho morning of the 16th, at half past 4 a.m., according to the second mate's evidence, a light was reported on the lee bow. Tho captain went on dock, and gave the order to luff, and then to brace the yards up, and to brace the spanker sheet up. He then said, "Luff, luff, why can't you luff," and a few minutes after the ship struck on a coral reef. After soundings were taken, the captain remarked, "Tho Whirlwind is done for." There were four fathoms of water near the foro rigging, but it deepened aft. The first mate suggested to the captain that the yards should be backed, but the captain replied, "Sho will never come off." The yards wore backed, however. The sea was smooth at tho time. The captain then gave the order to got tho boats out, which was dono by breakfast timo. Tho ship remained on tho rocks a couple of days, and was then got off. The reason tho seamen be- lieved the captain had run tho ship ashore wilfully, was because he gave the order to "luff when sho ought- to havo kept her course, and because of his expressions re- specting the ship at various times. The first mate, Amedor Lolsscau, however, declared that tbo second mate had re- ceived instructions to "heave the lead during tho night preceding the stranding, and if be omitted to do so ho disobeyed orders. The vessel was considerably out of her cour&o; at tho timo of the occurrence, but that was attributed to bad steering and a current known to run at the rato of a knot an hour. The boaid did not consider the charge proved, and acquitted Captain Graham. An inquiry then took place to ascertain whether tho captain had taken proper precautions whilst navigating in tho neighbourhood of Brewer's reef, but the board considered that tho casualty was accidental, androtSrncd Captain Graham his certificate. THE schooner Rosedale left Melbourne for tho Gipps Land Lakes on the 14th inst., and has not sinco beon heard of. As the captain of the Rosedale has the reputation of being a very careful seaman, it is possible that sho may bo under the shelter of somo placo adjacent to Wilson's Promontory. Tho schooner Ella, which left Melbourne at the jnme time was wrecked on tho 21st inst., at Ñii¿ety-milo Beach, two milos west of the entran«."0 to tne hikes. Captain D avidson and the cook F010 drowned. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE J-AjlS. The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S.8. Avoca, Captain A. B, Farquhar, after taking on board her mails, gold, specie and general cargo, and embarking passengers, left the bay on her outward voyage at a quarter to 3 p.m. on the 1st March. The P. andO. Company'sR.M.S.S. Geelong, Captain R. T. Dundas, from Point de Galle, via King George's Sound, anchored in the boy about 1 o'clock on the 16th,, with the mails from England and the East, which wero delivered a day and a half before contract time. The Geelong left Galle at a quarter to 9 a.m. on the 23rd ult., and had light variable winds as far as lat. 9° 30' S., and from thence to the Sound she oncountered strong head winds, arriving there at half-post 1 a.m. on the 10th inst. She left the Sound again at 3 p.m. the same day, and for four following days she had to contend against strong N.E. breezes. Passed Cape Otway at half-past 3 a.m., and entered Port Phillip Heads at a quarter to 10 a.m,-on tho day stated. After transhipping mails and passengers, the Geelong left her anchorage in the bay about 4 p.m., and resumed her voyage to Sydney. The first mail for England by the new route vid Honolulu, San Francisco, and across the continent of America, was made up for transmission by the Wonga Wonga, tho pioneer steamer, which left Sydney on tho 26th inst. A supplementary mail from Mel- bourne was made up and despatched from here on the 24th inst., but the Rangatira, which conveyed them, arrived at Sydnoy two hours late. The mails will now bo taken on by the City of Melbourne to Auckland, the port at which the Wonga Wonga will first touch. Wo observe by the last mail ad vicos, that a company having a similar project in view has been formed in England, the start- ing point of tho steamers being Milford Haven j but the present company having taken timo by tho forelock, have apparently attained its object-a recognition by the Sydney Government, on this side, while the other has only been thinking of the matter, and, as is seen above, already occupies the ground. It is stated in the Sydney Morning Herald that Messrs. Hamburger Brothers, who by the last mail received their appointment as agents in New South Wales for tho Suez Canal Com- pany, havo received intelligence from their home partner, resident at Paris, that a French mail steam company to run boats to Aus- tralia is about being started, the terminus of which is to be Sydnoy ; and that tho Messa- geries Impériales will probable submit pro 1,osais to the colonial Governments to carry mails, &c.; STATE OF TRADE. Sinco the departure of the last mail steamer, about four weeks ago, business has in a manner been quite prostrated, in consequence of the amount of distrust created by the numerous failures which have taken place in the course of the month. Some of them, as extensive as they were unexpected, caused so ranch excitement that it was feared that a crisis would be precipitated. The temporary suspension of such a firm as that of Messrs, W. Degraves and Co., whoso liabilities amounted to £350,000, imparted some appear- ance of probability to the most ridiculous lumours, however absurd they might after- wards in quieter moments seem to be. An appeal to the good sense of the mercantile community helped in somo degree to restore calmness, and though numerous failures still continue to bo reported from time to time, nothing like the excitement to which we have referred ha3 been allowed again to appear. In commercial circles complaints of the exacting policy of the banks havo boen very loud, and not without cause, if there be any truth in the charges brought against tome of these institutions, it being considered that in some cases banking facilities had been withdrawn without sufficient cause. The announcement, on the arrival of the mnil, that the Draper frauds had led to fnrther complications with the Commercial Bank, the drafts of that instisution on the London agents, the Colonial Bank, having been refused acceptance, did not cause the slightest alarm, the circumstances connected with the whole affair being so well known, and the assurance that ample provision had been made some time previous to meet the difficulty, served at once to allay any fear on that account. In these circumstances, it may well be supposed that the business transactions recorded throughout tho month havo been but of -very minor import- ance, and withithe exception of a speculative movement in sugar, which did not, howovor, go beyond tho purchase of ono cargo-tho Perseverant's-comprising 0,000 large bags and 14,000 small bags, operations have been strictly confined to supplying mere trade re- quirements. The cargo of sugar per Clara Sayers, just arrived, was also sold by auction this week. In coffee the only prominent fea- ture is the arrival of the Stanley and the Belle this week, each with cargoes of the new crop. Breadstuffs have been very slow ; values however have beenlittlo affected, notwith- standing that three cargoes from California having reached Sydney had been duly noti- fied-the Miako and the Annie Main direct, and the Nereid via Auckland. A movement in rico, which has carried off 850 tons of Boedbi Rajah, leaving sales of 500 tons more still pending, has also set in at the close of the month. The arrival of the mail steamer was telegraphed from Adelaide on tho morn- ing of Tuesday, the 15th inst, and on the afternoon of tho following day the Geelong reached Hobson's Bay. Our dates by post are to 28th January. The shipments advised show a decrease of £149,000 to all tbo colonies. On those to Victoria, however, tho falling off is not moro than about £7,000. The advices to hand havo made no dif- ference cither way, owing to the great depression existing, and the very un- settled stato of mercantilo affairs generally. Proceedings have been taken at the District Court before Mr. Call, the stipendiary magis- trate, against Mr. Arnell, of tho firm of Owen, Dudgeon, and Arnell, by Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., agents for the Messrs, Cameron, the celebrated American shippers of tobacco, who was fined £25 and costs, for having, with a fraudulent inten- tion, put up colonial-made tobacco in Carno ron's boxes, bearing the Two Seas brand ; and against Mr. Martin Treacy, of Geelong, by Mr. Bronckhorst, on behalf of Messrs. J. and R. Tennent, of Glasgow, for having "with intent to enable others to defraud, un- lawfully caused to bo applied a certain counterfeit trade mark," and a fine of £5, with £7 7s. costs, was imposed. The follow- ing meetings in insolvent estates havo talton place: A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. W. Georgeson and Co., tea dealers, was held on tbo 7th instant. A statement was sub- mitted wbich showed liabilities amounting to £7,800, and the assets, including book debts, stock.&c;, were estimated at£3,200. The contingent liabilities amount to £3,300. The meeting was adjourned till tho 10th, to afford an opportunity of an offer for the estate being made ; but at the adjourned mooting it was resolved to havo the estate wound up in the Insolvent Court. A meeting of tho creditors of Messrs. John" Levy and Son was held on the 8th. There was a largo attendance, the liabilities, which wero beavy, baving been pretty well distri- buted over the city. The statement submitted showed an indebtedness amounting to £G7,283, including £22,380 to Mr. Lovinger. secured, and an overdraft to tho bank of £6,434, also secured. The other liabilities on opon ac- count and bills payable amounted to £38,401. The assets wero put down as amounting to £73,4GG, thus showing a surplus of £0,183. These included £26,110 held by Mr. Levinger: £8,000 property, £1,285 warrants, and £1,974 bills for collection, all in the hands of the banks. The balance was made up of £23¡125 stock, book debts, and bills in hand, bestdes an amount of £9,990 duo by ono debtor. After some unsatisfactory discussion, it was re- solved that an assignmentof the estate should bo made in favour of Messrs. George Martin and R. Murray Smith. The creditors do not expect lo realise oyer 6s. to 7s. in the pound. A meeting in the estate of Messrs. J. King and Co., giocers, Ballarat, was also held the same afternoon. The liabilities, per statement exhibited, amounted to £8.336, and the assets, including stock and book debts, to £5,801. An'offer of 10s. (7s. 6d. to bo secured).was submitted, but refused. The estate was as- signed to two trustees, who afterwards enter tawied and finally accepted the offer in ques- tion. In tho estate o£ Messrs. R. Bowman and Co., tea dealers, a meeting was hold on tho 11th, in Messrs. Lyell and Gowan's rooms. The statement of their affairs showed tho total liabilities to amount to £9,903, of which £1,550 is secured. The assots, consisting of stock £553, book debts &c;, wero estimated at £1,337, besides £1,050 held by secured credi- tors. It was resolved that tho estate should bo wound up in tho Insolvent Court, but afterwards' an assignment was accepted. On the same day meetings wore also hold in one or two othor estates, involving, however, only small amounts. On the 12th wo were enabled to publish the gratifying intelligence that arrangements had been earned through which would enable Messrs. W. Degraves and Co., to whose tem porary suspension we roferred a few days pre- viously, to meet all their liabilities, and again resume business as horotofore. This was considered a matter for congratulation, not merely from a personal, but from a public point of view, owing to the large amount in- volved, and the serious disarrangement to trade which wonld have been the conse- quence of a completo stoppage, and it has since been found that nothing more likely fo restore that confidence which had boon so severely shaken could possibly havo takon place than this firm's resumption of business. A meoting of the creditors of Messrs. I. Solomon and Co. was held on the 21st, at Scott's Hotel. A balance-sheet, prepared by Mr. W. G. Sprigg, was read, showing Liabilities amounting to .£23,255 Disputed .. .. _ .. .. _ 2,300 Total .25,051 And osBota estimated nt.. .. £21,709 Less claim for fire loas on tho Aus- tralasian Insurance Company 0,000 10,709 Showing a deficiency of.. 8,882 After considerable discussion, it was unani- mously resolved that the estate should bo wound up in tho Insolvent Court, Mr. Service being nominated as trade assignee. At the adjourned meeting held next day, (tho 22nd inst.), however, a final resolution was possed, accepting an assignment of the ostato in favour of Messrs. Service (James Service and Co.) and Balfour (J. Henty and Co.), for the benefit of all concerned. A meeting of the creditors in the estate of Messrs. Mort and Watson, called by tho trustees, has been held for the purpose of submitting and considering an offor for tbo estate made by Messrs. Mort and Watson, at three, five, and sevon months, guaranteed by Messrs. James Sorvico and Co. Tho ac- ceptance of the offer, which is equivalent to 9s. in the £ to tho creditors, was carried unanimously. Mr. Servico, however, having expressed a preference to pay cash, less 5 par cent., his desire waa also acceded to by a formal resolution. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. The rate of exchange this month is the same as last, viz., three-quarters per cent, premium for bankers' drafts at 60 days' sight. The improvement in money referred to last month is still maintained, andas the competi- tion for deposits becomes keoner, a good 1 per cent, over former quotations can be secured for laige sums ; we do not, however, make any actual chango on the general rates hithorto given. Interest is allowed on deposits having 12 months to run at tho rato of 5 to 6 per cent. ; for six months' deposits, 4 per cent. ; and for three and four months' deposits, 2 and 3 per cent, are allowed. The rates of dis- count rise from 6 to 8 per cent, for bills Tang- ing from 00 to 120 days'currency. Tbo banks all show a disposition to curtail credit, and discourage the taking of long-dated bills. STOCK AND STATIONS. The following sale of Btatton property is tho only one reported during the month : -Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. ef- fected the sale at auction, by order of tho executors of the lato William George Hutton, of the Gazette Station, near Pens- hurst, comprising 13,770 acres of freehold land, fenced and improved, with SO, 857 sheep, for tho sum of £41,301 4s. Sd. cash, tho pur- chasers being Messrs. Robertson and Sons. PUBLIC COMPANIES. Albion Works Company (Limited). - A meeting of the iron trade was held on tho 14th inst., for the purpose of forming this company, Mr. James M'Lelland in the chair. The prospectus stated that it was proposed to raise a capital of £5,000, to be subscribed in 50 shares of £100 each, £1 per share to be paid on application and £9 on allotment ; a further call of £10 por sharo to bo paid in three months ; the remaining calls not to exceed £5, nor to bo made at shorter intervals than three months. The company was to bo estab- lished on the co-operative principle, and the capital, if necessary, might be increased to £10,000. Tho company had obtained from tho Government the lease of an acre of land on the Sandridge-road, near the Falls-bridge, os a sito for their works, for seven years, at £50 per year. Another meeting was held on the 21st inst., when it was agreed that step3 should bo immediately taken to legalise the company, to have articles of association drawn up, and as quickly as possible to pro- ceed with the erection of works, Australasian Insurance Company.-An ex- traordinary meeting of the shareholders of this company is to be held on the 5th April next, to take into consideration tho "advisa- bility or otherwise of changing sorao of the principal officers" of tho company. Company for Manufacturing Railway Loco- motives.-A meeting of engineers, boilor makors, smiths, and others favourable to tho formation of a company for tho purchase of Mr. Williams's works, Yarra-bank, with a view to retaining in the colony tho manufac- ture of locomotives for the Government rail- ways, was held on tho 11th inst., Mr. William Witt, M.L.A., in tho chair. Mr. Black, tho convener of the meeting, explained the ob- ject of tho meeting, which was to establish a company with a capital of £25,000, in 1,000 shares of £25 each, with power to increase to £50,000. Mr. Williams was willing to dispose of his works at a fair valuation, which ho estimated at from £15,000 to £20,000, and would talco £5,000 in cash, leaving the balanco to bo distributed over a period of five years. He was also willing, if tho company wore formed, to retain an interest in the concern to the extent of one-fourth. It was thought by practical men who had gone over the works, that a capital of £10,000 would be sufficient to staTtwitli, especially if theyworo successful in obtaining contracts from the Government. Resolutions were unanimously adopted, expressive of the approval of the meeting of tho object contemplated, and pledging itself to help the project forward to a successful issue. Proposed Port Fairy Steam Navigation Com- pany.-The proposed Port Fairy Steam Navi- gation Company purposo to purchase the s.s. Rob Roy, the ownors of which aro willing to take up one half the shares. The price is £9,000. and it is proposed that 1,800 shares of £5 each shall be issued, and a large portion of . these will bo taken up by Melbourne mer- chants interested in the trado of Belfast. Melbourne Meat-preserving Company. - The directors have a vory satisfactory report to present to the shareholders at the half yearly meoting on the 4th April. The profit on the transactions of the past half-year amounts to over £9,000, malring, with an amount of £2,045 brought forward from tho previous half-year, a balanco to tho credit of tho profit and loss account of £11,205. The whole of this sum, however, has not yet been actually realised, and, acting upon tho opinion of the standing counsel of tho com- pany (Mr. Follows), tho directors proposo to declaro a dividend only upon the amount standing to the credit of tho company at tho beginning of tho half-year. This will bo suf- ficient to pay a dividend of 5s. per sharo, equal to 10 per cent, per annum, leaving thp handsomo balanco of £9,342 to be carried for- ward. During tho poriod covered by tho report, tho company havo disposed of 100,752 sheep and 590 oxen. Warrnambool Meat-preserving Company. -From tho balance-sheet preparod for sub- mission to tho first half-yearly meeting of this company, it appears that tho buildings havo cost £2,923, and tho machinery £1,456. The total expenditure up to 28th February is £6,508 15s. Id., which has all been mot by calls savo £1,394 duo to tho National Bank as overdraft, but which will bo extinguished by a call recently mado and now in courso of payment. VVarronheip Distillery Company.-Tho operations of this company have of late boon tho reverso of successful. It nppoars from tho report of tho directors, which will bo sub- mitted to tho shareholders at tho half-yearly meeting ori the 30th March, that tho balanco of £2,005 standing -at tho credit of tho profit and loss account on tho 31st August, 1809, has been converted into a debit balanco of £1,3G9. There has, thorcforo, boon a loss on tho half-year's transactions of no loss a sum than £3,434. Proposed Now Zealand and England Mail Company.-A company is projected to run a line of mail steamors between Otago and England, via tbo Straits of Magellan., Tho passage between Otago and the Straits is cal- culated to occupy 15 days, while tho passage from the Straits to England, calling at the River Plate, is estimated at 25 days, the whole dis tonco thus being performed in the short spaco of 40 days. Tho steamers for this route from Otago will be of 2,000 tons register, and 1 will meet the Western South American -.earners, of 3,000 toa. u^Ä^.w*£_?. where, at a coal depot b-WÄS the mails and passengers whl °° ^TiTT The 3,000 ton steamers nov.r 9? ft° J,1"0 from Valparaiso to Liverpool m. s° H~0PÎT sago on an average in 29 days. Tu tS " fW cupied on the return passage will _ ."J-JI days longer. In consequence of the? v. i,avè ing westerly winds, tho steamers would » Xr to stretch away north to about lat. 30 KrtK ' where favourable weather may bo mot wifjliv IMPORTS AND EXPOrtTO. The following table gives the imports ant exports of the port sinco tho beginning of tho year, as compared with the corresponding period of 18G9 : Week Ending; Imports. Exports. 1869. 1870. Jan. 1.. Jan. 8.. Jan. 16.. Jan. 22.. Jan. 20.. Fob. .6.. Fob. 12.. Feb. 19.. Feb. 26.. Mar. 5.. Mar. 12.. Mar. 19.. 8.3,055 340,664 410.708 817,182 300,507 253,442 227,920 245,611 296,605 170,507 196,097 £ 211,187 231,680 288,367 854,003 279,431 354.210 278,449 265,548 291,848 218,247 222,300 170,850 £ 207,790 6001200 247.180 413,416 73,609 304,017 323,043 342,872 160,141 815,189 281,639 77,487 £ 110,500 673,005 282,037 05,331 145,510 760,602 104,890 109,020 08,033 526,413 140,010 109,170 3,326,632 j 3.108,070 I 8,230,065 I 3,012,763 During the first period tho account stood thus : Imports " «. " .. £3 320,632 Exports _. .. _ .. 3,280.005 Balance of imports over exports £39,807 During the second period : Imports " .. " _ £8,168 670 Exports «-_-_.-. 8,012,753 Balance of Imports over exporta £155,017 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under ; Imports in I860 «.£3,320,632 Imports in 1870 .. .. _. 3,103.070 Deoroaso in 1870 «_ _ «. £157,802 Exports in 1869 .. _. .. £3,286,605 Exports in 1870 .. >. .. 8,012,763 Decrease in 1870 _. .. «_ £273,912 STOCKS IN HOND. The following wore the stocks in bond at Melbourne on March 19 : - Brandy, 5,182 hha.., 27,730 cases : rum, 1,587. hhd. 349 cases ; geneva, 87. bhd.. 59,044 cast» red. 1,787 do. green ; whiskey, 1,297. hhd., 3,253 cases ; gin (sweetened), 30J hhd., 3,877 cases ; cordials. 530 eases ; spirits of wine, 74. hhd. ¡'.otherspirits, 4ihhd., 4,648cases; wine. 5.975.J hhd., 17,510 cases ; boor, 1.G04 hhd., 26,621 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,727 half-tierces, 49G quarter-tiorcos, 8 kegs. 7,069 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 8,535 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 341 hhd. and casks. 542 cases, 1,811 bales; cigars, 592.J cases ; candles, 977 chests, 45,192 boxes ; kerosene, 00,933 cases ; flour, 2,203 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 130 packages ; tea, 21,525 chests, 43.2G1 half-chests. 34,399 boxes ; coffee, 2,369 bogs, 2 tierces, 182 casks. 108 barrels ; chicory, 401 packages ; sugar-Mauri- tius, 32,875 bogs : Manilla, 5,930 bags ; Java. 14,554 bags; other. 486 tons, 273 oases and casks; wheat, 3,050 bags; opium, prepared, 81 packages; oats, 902 bags; hops. 1,218 pockets ; rice, 07,592 bags ; salt, 14,897 bags ; vinegar, 1,205 cases, 508 casks. MELBOURNE MONTHLY WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argus OIBco, Saturday Evonlng, In tho import market tbo utmost elulnoss continues to provail. Ko transactions ot Importance havo como under our notlco throughout tho month, with tho exception of a largo speculative purchaso of sugar. Buyore generally aro content to buy sparingly, and only In parcels suitable for trado roqulromonts ; tho most o! the business dono has, In conequence, gone through tho, auction, mart, few transactions having boon effected privately. In bulk beors eales ot now alo continuo to be effected. The demand for stout, In bottlo, has very much slackened. Cornsacks havo declined, but woolpacks aro unaltorod. Gunnies havo advanced In price. Candles have submitted to a reduc- tion'of fully _d. per pound. Comonta aro also slightly easier, bulappoamowtohavosoonthoirlowoat Chicory is unaltered. CofTco is quiet, but tho tn.rkot has been enlivened by tho arrival of two cargoes. Oonfoctionory is not so brisk. Cordage Is dull and heavy. Fish is moving off briskly. Tliero is nothing whatever doing in dried fruits. Broadstuffs havo boon characterised by want of animation. Feeding grains havo improved in value. Blasting powder Is Blow of sale. Hops aro firm, hut malt has fallen in price. Oils barely main- tain their own. Keroseno has not advanced as was oxpectcd. Oilmen's stores aro somewhat oasior again. Quicksilver is firm at extremo ratos. Rico has not boon activo, but a speculative movement set in at thocloso of the month. Bait is steady. Sugars havo notalterod much. Teas have not been much dealt in. Timber baa met with a fair amount of attention, but not at satisfactory figures. TobaccocB aro qulot, but tho market presents a promising aspect. Winos and spirits have been sold to a considorablo oxtont at auction. Ale and Stout-Sinco tho receipt of full supplies of new season's alo tho market has Bottled down to a vory qulot and steady trade demand. Shipments havo boon moderate, but quito up to requirements, aud, as a coiiscquonco, prices have not shown any alteration, SalcB privately havo beon effected, and importers havo not been compelled to resort to tho auction-room to find un outlot. For Bass's we continuo to quote up to £3 10s.; wo havo not, howover, heard of any arrivals of late. Sales of Joule's aro reported at £8 6s. ; and tho old brow of this brand continues to bo moved off at up to £7 Es. Marrlan'a moots with buyers to a fair extent at £8 5s. Tho Carlisle Company's has cotnmantlod fair attention at up to £8 ; all that has como forward hitherto of this brand has booti clcarodout of tho agents' hands. Allsopp'a Is quoted at £715s.. but the business doro has been very trifling. Bulk stout has boen met by but a vory Insignificant demand. Supplies, howovor, aro .mall, and prices consequently aro woll supported. Sales of Whitbread's continuo to bo effectod at £0 6s. Bottlod aloa have been somewhat inactivo, and wo have hoard ol no loreto saloB. Tcnnent's has beon quitted at 10s. For Forstor'« wo also quoto up to 10s. DovenlBh's brings On. Gd. to 10s., according to qunntlty. For Blood's, Ds. 3d. to -J. Gd. Is obtained. Allsopp s, according to extent of purchases, realisos from 8s. Od. to Qs. Arrol's Is saleable at 8s. Od. to 8s. 7_d" and Aitken's obtains uotlco at 8s. Cd. At the reduced scslo of prices now gonorally accepted for all descriptions of bottlod utout, only a moderato business can bo dono, and in no lnstanoo can wo rofor to any sales of importance Burko's is disposed of at OH. B'ood's Is likewise quitted at Da, For O'Biion's daggor brand up to 0.. is takon. Brass's Is quoted at 8s. to 8s. 3d., but tlio vory low ratos for equally good stout as this prevent business. Evory attempt to got botter prices for Borthwick'» having fsilod, tho importers, making a virtue of nocoBsIty, havo been offering freely at 7s. Oil.; notwithstanding this, v cry littlo progress lins been made in sales * Bagging.-A further docllno has to bo roportod in corn.aekB. The season may now bo said to bo over, with tho exception of what may ho required for Now Zealand and Toe-mania, n demand, howovor, which has not on any previous occasions boon found effectual In supporting tho market or checking a fall. In tho beginning of the month Bundoo cornsacks stood at UP. Od. ; but during tho last fortnight, which em- braced the month's business, tho principal sales have beon effoctod at 11B. to Ils. ljd., vvbllo a fow parcels In bond woro placed at 10s, Od.-equal to 11s 3d. duty paid. Woolpacks havotjocn disposed of at 3s. ... to 3i. Gd. At tho former figuro tliero aro none now offoring. Gunnies havo advanced considerably In value ; tliero aronono to bo mot with In first handB, and boldors generally ask It. Od. to 8s,, and toconsumors salos of parcels havo even boon mado at the last namod quotation. For parcols to arrive 8s. Is asked, Boots and Shoes. -Transactions this month have not boon BO prominent, nor have salos beon so genoral. Last wcok considorablo parcels of sundry manufac- turers were quitted at full prices ; vvhllo this woek about 150 caBcs of Stead and Simpson's miko woro cleared off at prices which show a very decided ad- vance on any Bales which havo been mado for como timo back. Candios.-As might havo been anticipated from our remarks last month, this markot bas fairly broken down onco more. In tho beginning of tho month somo fair sized parcels woro cleared off by auction of Brandon and D. It. Odonkovon at IO1.. ; Binco, howovor, tho utmost dulness has provallod In tho markot ; Indood almost a total stagnation of busi- ness has followed on tho reduction In prlco, moro especially as Bhortly afterwards tbo Nova Company announced a docllno in tho price of their brand of Oj J., tto prlco now quoted being lid. At ituotlou loud, was accepted for D. It, Jenar's and Brandon's, wliilo mlnorB'woro quitted atlOd. Tlio parcel offorcd was in tlio catato of nn Insolvent firm, and arnouutod to 1,000 boxes. This week an Inquiry has boon ox porioncod for Do Roubaix Jenar's for export, but thoro aro no avallablo pareóla of this brand offoring In bond at present Cemont-Portland Is very qulot, Somo littlo busi- ness, however, Is roportod, as prices appoar to havo seen tholr lowest, and Importers having only tho alternative of accepting tho low ratos ruling, or running tbo risk of additional loss by Incurring storage and other chargos consequent on holding, and thoy havo, In coiiscquonco, in Borne instances pre- ferred to cell. Best brands of Portland aro quotod at 10s., and for outsldo brands ISs. Is tho top figuro. American plaator is llkowlso Blow ef salo; holdorsask for good brands 12s. 3d. to 12s, Od., but nothing Uko these rates can bo got when sales aro forced at auction. Chemicals.-Transactions havo boon oxcoodlngly trifling throughout tbo montb. Soda crystals -how allttlo more firmness, as after touching £0 5s., prices stiffened sotuowhat ; holders at prosont ask £0 10s. to £0 12i. Cd. Carbonato of soda can readily bo pur- chased at £11 ; a higher prlco was got last wcok, but (ho calo In question could not bo Ukon an a criterion of the markot Caustlo Is still quotod at £17 ; boldors, howovor, »how littlo doMro to quit to any oxtont at tbo prlco, and OB tliero Is no Inquiry vvhatovor, values may bo considered as morely nominal. For flour of sulphur wo quote £10 to £20, with vory littlo doing. Tartarlo odd maintains a steady quotation of 1B. 6d. to Is. 7Jd., according to package but thoro is nn business doing, Cream of tartar for trado pur- poses rules at ltd. to lid. Prepared opium sinco tho mall's arrival has declined to 23], Od., suppllos by the mail steamer having been fully ampio to meot rcaulromcnta ; In the way of salci, howovor, wo have not heard o! much being done. Chicory.-Tho markot lias been exceedingly dull, but valuea have been supported, and as tho win tor approaches, It Is bopod that an Improvod domand will spring up. Bett brands aro quoted at -3d. lu bond, while colosla. gr. v.°n la quitted at ntl. to Sid. Coffoo.-Llttlo of a special oharacter bai tráuapirod In this market in tho way of salea, but as tho Cold acasou approaches, it is fully expected that a better buBlnoss will be done; hitherto values havo under- gone llttlo alteration ; stocks of almost all descrip- tions In tho hands of tho trade havo beon pretty olosa run, and though the first two cargoes of the now crop- the Stanloy'a and Bollo'a-havo arrived «ila week, the advlcoa to hand from Colombo to 8tU February aro of a nature to sustain price«, extrsute rates haying boen paid tboro for first plantation : nativo, also, had advanced. Tho cargo of tho Stanley te Imported for trade purposes, but tho Bollo'a cargo l "J11., »« »koly, bo offorod for salo on an early day. 1 îi. . °ïl for trad0 requirements, realises Old. t« 1 OW» for ".""ïh a5d 2' Na,lvo t'ey'on is quotod at 63? 3*. va ,a duU,of slUo j °ld- to 7id. Is wanUd, »c Uftlo or no Jnqulry for this description. Confection»»T--TMro has been but a vory modorato demand! and on-ty BOM assortments oven of Koillcr's aro at all snlwbV- W* ouoto Md. Vrotnorspoon'» aro not saleable at over 8W. to 9d. Candled noel i» disposed ef at 18M. ¿ulubeirflnd buyers at lSjfd. Cordago.-Trado hi ."ÜB markot has been limited» to supplying tho mort' immediate wants of thor dealors, and salo» havo bo.cn vory limited, and con flnod to Vlctorlan-mado, at unaltered rates. Half to' Hirco quarter inch oordage Is quitted nt 8}d. Assort monts of lin. to Wa. sizes aro dlsposzd of at E63L For flat ropo £78 is demandod. Seaming twines are' quitted at 18d. toMJd. Flour and Grain-BreadatutTa havo shown llttlo of anything Uko vitality for tho wholo of tho- month: Sales generally havo neon of a restricted character, and nothing like activity has prevailed. Towards the ' closo of tho prosont week a slight degree of firmness' has appeared, but as supplies come forward from' tho country districts vory slowly, transactions bava ' not boon large; indood, sincothcr storehouse of Met-' bourno, so to speak, has boen changed to the country-;. tho tono altorerJ. Flour, In tbo conrso of tho months and charaoter of tho market altogether ha»' lias gradually stiffened from £10' 15s to £11, to £11 6B., at which it now closes firm. Wheat, In Uko manner, after touching 4s. 8d., has rallied, and is now freely wanted at Is. lOd. to 58. Thora is, however, an appoaranco of woaknoss again, willela may yot slightly affect tho quotation namoi!. The "Adolaldo Register's" roturns of the present year's crop in that colony show an avorago of only six: buBhols to tho acre. The estimated surplus avaliasble for shlpmont Is 36,000 tons. Tbo Mlako was-reported on tbo afternoon of tho 1th as having arrived at Syd- ney with 750 tons of breadstuffs. Her dates from San Fraucisco roach to|tho 10th January, but tho nom war not of much Importance. In tho course of tho month thipmentsof wheat wero mado to Sydney, Holbourne-' at present being a chcapor markot to purchase in tuarn Adolaldo ; for a contrary reason tho Fort MacDonnoll ' wheat, which in formor years usod to como forward hero, is now sent on to Adolaldo, bottor prices bolruj got there than in this markot. Tho Annie Hain' arrived on tho 11th at Sydnoy, from California, with » 11,808 sacks whoat. Tho Nereid, from San Francisco, via Auokland, reached tho samo port on tbo 18th, with 0,000 quartorsaoks flour and 1,200 sacks wheat, a part of her original cargo. Feodlng grains, lnlluoncod by thodlsastrouB offoots of the floods in tho maize growing districts of New South Wales, havo advanced In value. Mnizo, after dropping to Is, rosogradually till ltrcached 3s. Od., and then took a suddon jump to ia. for old ; while now maize, previously quotod at a similar figuro, realised na much as Is. 6d., both privately and by nuotion. Oats, in Uko manner, havo risen till ouchlng 3s. 8d. to 8s. lOJd , at which tho latest sales have boon made. Bran has rangod at from la. Id. to Is. 2d. Colonial oatmoal, town-made, has boon quitted at £20. Pearl barley Is offering at £20, for town made. Split peas havo boon sold at £20. Fish.-Tho markot has beon modoratoly activo, and vory full prices gonorally havo boen roaltsod. Quo tations for ling havo boon steadily maintained at Od. Half-barrels herrings aro quitted at 82s. ; lib. norring« ate disposed! of nt 0s. Od. to 6s. lOJd. Of rod herrings tlioro aro nono offorlng, though muoh wanted ; this, liowovor, Is no wonder, as tho lossas Incurred on such Importations havo boen out of tho question lib. salmon is In fair request at 18a, Od. to - 14s. Morton's lib. kippered Bainton has been sold at 12s. 3d. ; for halves sardines wo quoto 10s. Od., and for quarters 6B. Od., but thoy havo boon sold as high as 10s. lOJd. and C». lOJd. lib. oysters havo - brought 7s. Od., and lib. lobsters have boon firm at 8s. to 8s. 2d. Fiults.-Tho most oxtromo dulnesB liai pervaded ' this market Currants havo mot with tho utmost negloot, and hardly an occasional said oven has ooma under our notico ; wo quoto tor middling qualities . 4}d ; for Drst-clBsa samples öd. Is asked, but by thoso willing to sell 4}d. Is accoptod. All descriptions of ' raisins havo likewise beon overlooked, and Caps, Fiemo, and Valencia maintain only a nominal quota- tion of 4d. to i_i. por lb. ; Sultana, with very little doing, range at from 4Jd. to Cjd. ; Muscatol aro quite unnoticed. Figs, Hkowiso, moot with equal neglect. Driod apples have beon sold at GJd. to fljd. Gunpowder.-Tho markot is vory dull, and no im- provement on our last'quotatlons can bo reported ; In - fact any alteration bas boen downward rather than otherwise Hall's Is valued at 5?d. ; for Kalenea'» wo quoto 4-jd. to Gd. ; outside brands havo boon Bold at 4]d., and for a Uno of Plgou and Wilks', as low as 4JU. has bad to bo taken. Hops.-Notwithstanding tho favourable nature of loto advices from England, very llttlo ininotus has been imparted to tho market. A vorv moderate de- mand has boen experienced for '09 Kout, for trade Îiurposes, but that is all tbat can bo said. We quote or this growth 1B. lPd. For'OS, which aro wanted, and ready sales could bo effected, wo quoto from Is. to Is. 4d. for good samples. Shipmonta coming for- ward are roportcd as light, and likely to continuo BO. If this provo correct, quotations will bo maintained ; oilier wiso, as tbo season 1B now well advancod, values must declino. Malt.-We havo again to complain of absurdly hoavy shipments from home at tbo oloso of our season, when a falling off inBtoad should havo been advised, and really If shippers will act in BO contradictory a - spirit, they can hardly look for anything but loss. Since tho mall carno in a declino of 8d. to Od. per bushel has been recorded. Sales have beon mado as low as 0s. for quantities, and wo look forward to still lower prices In tho courso of tho month. For trade purposos 0s. 3d. to 0s. 4^d. Is obtalnod. Metala gcnorally havo boen without animation. Lato advices havo influenced pig iron in somo degree, and wo note a firmer feeling ; moro Inquiry lina boon . experienced, but only trado salos havo como undor our notico, at from £4 6s. to £410s. Qalvanlsod iron has met with somo domaud. Scotch, 20-gaugo, has been quitted at £22 to £23 ; English, ordinary brands havo beon moved off at somowhat lowor rates, ship- monta being heavy. Wo quote, for 26 gauge, £21 to £26. Consignments of 62 oases of Braby'á iron, ox lady Jocelyn and Now Chief, wero this wool; oloarod off at £23 to £28 for 20 gauge ; satos of bost brands aro reported at £26 to £20, samo gauge. There Is little doing in bar and rod iron, stocks botng in the '? hands of tho trado ; tho sales effcotod do not come under our notico ; wo continuo to quoto £0 to £10 10s. Shoot Iron IB very quint ; quotations aro un- altered ; asEortmonts of No. 8 to l8 bring £11, while Nos. 20 ta 20 command £18. Plato Iron is now vory dull and cannot bo quoted at over £11 10s. to £12. Hoop Iron has not attracted the Fliehtest attention, and values remain nominal at £11. Fencing wiro has again dropped out of notico, the depression in squatting having olTectod the demand, and trado rates rulo at £16 10s., £16 10s., £17 10s., and £18, for NOB. 0, 7, 8, and 9 ; but no Bales have been roportcd of lato in tho ordinary course of trado; ato understand, howovor, that considerable outsldo parcels havo keen placod at a good deal undor our quotations. Shoot lead (colonial rollod) ia quotod at £20 10s., at which thoro is a fair inquiry. Shot, on tho othor hand, Is vory dull of salo at £28. Tin plates aro quito stationary, and no buslnoss has boon recorded ; quotations rule at 16 por cent, advance. Muntz raotal IB nominal at 7Jd. to 8d. For Ewbank'« nails 22} per coot, off list IB obtalnod, Amorlean nails aro quoted at 16s. to 10s. Amorlean hardwaro Is In fair request, at woll-suppnrtod rates. Salos of Colltns's and Sharpo's hoavy axes aro made at 74B. ; Ames's shovels aro quitted al 08i. ; Day's Dil. Bhovols, Kiln, to SCIn., aro disposed of at 50s. ; and other ronkors, samo slzn, rcaliBO 48s. Quotations of hollowaro range from 80 to 86 porcont. off Hit, ac- cording to assortment. Oils.-Forcod solos at auction having caused a re- duction in value, tho mat kot for kerosene oil has had a most unsntitfaotory aipcct Under tho hammer nales havo beon mado al 2s. Old. to 2a. 13d., and this week Fomo 2,500 casos waro oloarod off at 2s. OJd to 2s. 2Jd. As a rule, quotations havo stood at 2s, OJd. far Photolito to 2s. 2d. for Brilliant, and 2s. 2Jd. to 2«. ¡id. for Downor'e; and tho markot Is Armor slnco the mall's arrival. Shipmonta for the month amount to 8,000 cases, and, with Btocks hero at 61,000 cases, are not considered execstdvo, moro cspoolafly as wo aro on tho eve of tho wlntot's demand. Castor oil Is also rasier, in the faco of supplies from Calcutta, somo. 1.200 csBcs and 22 tanks being advlsod this mall from that port ; wo quote 4s. 4d., duty paid. Linseed Is less firm ; drums aro offoring at 3s. 10}d., and casks at 3s 4Ad. Colza lias boon sold at ii. Od. In drums ; for bulk wo quoto 4s. 4d. Olive oil la valuod at 6s. for drums and 6s. Od. for bulk. Ohlnoso oil Is firmly hold for 4s. 3d., and thoro Is a fair prospect of this figure being realised for Polar ; wo quoto £44. Oilmen's Stores.-A considerable amount of busi- ness IB still doing in tills markot, although tlioro Is lets than formerly, and consignments aro allowed to hang longer unappropriated. In tho estate of John Levy and Sons, last week, 1,070 packages wero oloarod off. PlckloB are wanted. II. Jj. havo beon sold at 8B. 3d., and Btowor's at 8s. Od.; for moro favourite brands wo quote from BJ. 61. tolOi. Od., and up to 11s. Od. is got for C. and B.'s assorted. Bottlod fruits havo ircon «old at 10s. 7Jd., whllo black currants havo realised 11s. Gil. Ono pound jams aro disposed of at Os. to 8). Od. according to quality. For salad olia lowor rates aro taken ; salos havo boon mado of quarts at 18s. Od. to 24s. : pints havo brought 10s. Od. to 12i. 3d., and hall pints 0s. Od. to 7s. 3d. Castor oil, In pints, has been Bold as lowaaSs. to 8s. 6d., and in half pints at 4s. Od. to 5s. Sauces aro very scarce ; wo quoto 7s. to 10s. Copors command from 6s. 8d. to 0s. Ud. Wyatt's white vlnogar has boen sold In bottles at 7s. Od. Victorian vinegar, in bulk, was placed at Is. Frenoh vinegar, in bottle was quitted nt 7s ljd. We noto sales of French, In bulk, at Is 6d., and or London vinegar at Is. 10}d. Hemp socd we quoto .M. Canary seed Is offering at 3d. Column's mustard. In 71b. tins, IB cleared off at Sfid.; lib. this realise 10s. 8d. tolOs. Od., and half-pound tins 0s. 3d. to 0i. Od. Keens* mustard Is movod off at 8d. per lb. lu 71b. tins, 10s. to- les. Sil. for pound tins, and Us. to Oi. 3d. tor half pound tins. Sales of whlto starch oro roportod at r> J c1.. whllo bluo starch Is quitted at Sd. Thumb blue is placed at lOJd. Plaid vestas havo boon quitted at 6B to 6S., and TandstlckcrR at2i. Sago Is «toady at 2J<). Macaroni and vormlcolll find buyora at 8Jd. to Od. Spices aro advancing. Whlto pepper ia boglnnlng to- bo more noticed at 7d" whllo black popper Is held for 6d. Provisions.-A fair demand for colonial provision« has been experienced, and bama ami bacon having hecomo scarce, higher ratos havo buen got of lato. Filmo quality of bacon is Baloablo at lid., whllo hams aro disposed of at la. 3d., and salos of Proctor and Sinclair's Belfast cured havo boon recordod as high as Is. 6d. Cheoso, colonial mado, Is valuod at Sd. to lOd. Butter is saleable at 8]d. for N.8.W., and lOJd. tor Victorian made. Quicksilver has main talned the extreme value quoted for several malls past. Stooks, however, aro too light to . admit of any largo sale», but purchases aro roadlrjç rondo for trade purposes at 2s. 4d. Bice-Buslucss has beon somewhat inactive, wr¿ notwithstanding that advices generally are \rjty favourable, llttlo attention has been directed lourds the market. For beat Patna quotations havo nom¡. nally stood at £18 to £20. From Calcutta to lilli February wc leam of tho departure of tb",, isabella Brown on 19th January and of tho Ki.nrA<¡^ on ^t]l February ; they bring 400 tous now rlr ^ The Jane Bell, which was loading for Adolaldo, Iv "j x00 tons rice on board. From tho other rice ports, ' Batavia, Saigon, and Bangkok, nothing Is advised ror the colonies. Last week sales of Boodhi Riiah, K,or0 rCDOrted at £18 10s. Melbourne mill-dreseed was at samo timo sold at £1010s., droBsed Saigon boing £18, and undressed Java, common quality, £1G to £17. After writing the »bovo wo aro apprised of a speculative movement which has carried off somo 850 toni) Boedhi Rajah rice at a concession ou our quotations, and further transactions to the extent of 600 tons are pending. Rum has been exceedingly quiet ; no sales of any importance havo como under our notice. For 10 per cent. o.p. we quote 3s. Od. to 3s. 9d., the latest prico. rcall-eeL Genova in Uko manner obtains no notice JDKZ, short strength, is quoted at 12j., and full con- tents at 13s. Od. to 14B. V.H. and Co Is quoted at 13s. Bell brand Is offering at IBs. Od. to 103. At tho last monthly sale of tbe Warrenheip Distillery Company, Victorian geneva realised 3s. Od. in bulk in bond; and caso was disposed of at Ile. to 12s. Od. Tholr whlBkcy wssalso quitted at 8s, Od. in bond, and 83. Od. In case. Sales ot Campbolton whiskey aro mentioned at up to 3a. lO.d. Burnett's old tom has boon placod at 12s. 3d. to 13s. Salt bas been without animation. Stocks are light, and, In ordinary circumstances, doubtless that clrcum .tanco would bave led to a considorablo riso in price ; as it is,1 tellers cannot obtain over £4 5s. for trado parcels ; for quantités wo quote £4 to £4 2s. Od. There «re numerous buyers at half.a-crown leas money, but holders see no Inducement In accepting under quota tleas. Sugar. - A fair amount of business has beon tn-usacted in this staple, and the market, on the whole, has been well supported. Ttie follow- ing are the month's eales:-On the 3rd Instant about 430 bags of damaged wero quitted at full rates. TLo cargo of sugar per Francis Banflold, amounting to 4,051 bags, was offered by auction on tbo samo day, but only 1,16. bags could bo disposed of at such prices as proved satisfactory to the Importers-31». 6d. was .stained for browns, 33B. fld. to 3.9. for middling yellow, 308. to 35a. ed. for good yellow, and 39s, for Middling wbito. At a Blight concession the entire shipment would hare been disposed of. During the following week tho sales consisted chiefly of odd lots. OntbeStb, l,C0O bags wero got rid of at fair rates; and on tho 10th, somo 200 bags, tho damaged portion of the Francis BauQokl, woro cleared at satisfactory prices, condition considered. Last week a , very good demand was experienced for trado purposes, In addition to which, on Tuesday, the llth inst, a strong speculative demand sot in, which led to the entire Melbourne portion of tho «argo of the Fersovorant, consisting of 5,800 bogs, (hanging hands privately in ono line, at an extreme {irice. This cargo was advertised for public sale on bo 10th, but of course was withdrawn, and after tho ?ale it was fully anticipated that, with small stocka on hand, and tho probability of only moderato supplies «omlng forward, an advance on prleos thon ruling would be established. At tho punllo saloon tho simo day of tho damaged portion of tho Alexander's caryo, some 730 bags wero cleared off ; fair prices wero ob- tained. On tlio following day tho balance of the.Perso Terant's cargo-tbo portion intended for the Now Z-a land market, about 14,000 mats-changed hands in .ne line, on terms withheld. The entire cargo won thus all disposed of, but it was resolved by the pur- chaser that a part of the same, about 4,000 bags and 8,000 mats, would bo resold by public auction on the following Friday afternoon. Accordingly this portion .t tho cargo, consisting of 4,025 bags sugar, and 0,_44 pockets do., was offered for resale on the 18th, and Kimo 1,000 bags and 2,700 pock ota wero dlsposod ol at 28a. Od. for rations, 30s. Od. for browns, 33s. to 34s, Od. for middling to good yellow, 35a. 9d. to 37s. for uno to finest do., 889. Od. to 40s. Od. lor low to fine white. Those prices about sustain previous values, to a slight advance on somo torts. Shoro has been a good demand throughout tho pre «ent week for trade purpo.O-, and some Impetus was imparted by the arrival at Adelaide of tbo Elderslie -nilli dates from Mauritius to 8th Fobruary, and of the Clara Savers at Melbourne with dates to 4th Fob. roary, confirming advices of a considorablo rise in Mauritius. The latter cargo was offered by auction on Friday, the 25th, and out of 5,583 bags, which com- prised tho shipment, somo 4,132 bags found buyer, at 32s. to 82a Od. for fine browns, 34s. Od. to 309. 3d. for good to fine yellow, and 40s. for good white crystals. Tea.-Mesara. J. Curio Robertson and Co. report on tho past month as follows :-Tho mall sicamor u eelong arrived on the 16th inst, with dates from Hong Kong to 7th February, and Foo-obow to 20th Ja- nuary. Buring the earlier part of the month tho healthy tono of the markot was vory much interfered with, In consequence of several unfortunate suspen- sions. Tho paule then existing paralysed this markot in common with others, and altogether wo have to report a very unsatisfactory month's t uslnoss ; and although during the pnst weok the feeling of distrust h_s disappeared and confldoncoboenrenowed, transactions havo been limited to actual trade roqulromenU, an 1 «peculation for tho potent Is almost dormant. Dur- ing tho last few days, however, inquiry has been moro general, and wo havo ovory roason to expect a revival .f business during next month. Holders continue firm. Foochow dust and BlItingB are only in moderato demand at 8}d. to lOd. Ordinary to good ordinary havo met with fair Inquiry for export. Mixod-loa. amds to mixod-lcaf kinds with flavour havo boen sold at Is. Id. to Is. 3Jd., with a good Inquiry. Blockish leal hinds to blackish-leaf kinds Btrong with flavour havo sold at 1B. Gd. to 1B. 7d. KaUovv kinds, strong, from Is, 8d. to Is. 10d., and pokoo souchong to pekoe flavour at Is. lid. to 2s. 2d. Green teas and scouted orango pekoos aro neglected.-Auction Sales.-On tho lOh instant, tho cargo of teas, ex Ellon Morris, consisting of 1,101 cheBts, 8,380 half chests, and SOO boxes, was offered,' but tho auotioncer only -cucceodcd In placing 400 chests and halves the trade evincing no disposition to purchase. On tho 14th Instant, tho damaged portion of tho Ellen Morris's cargo was sold at indlfforenc prleos. On the 22nd instant about 1,000 packages, ex sundry vessels. Arrivals.-Nono. The deliveries for the past month bavo beon -0S,0â0ib. »¡rainât 82,5G01b. at samo timo last yo-ir. Tho stock in bond in Melbourne on tho 10th instant was 4,111,01711), against 5,380,2201b. -on March 30, 1800. Our quotations aro:-Congou-Dust and sittings, 7Jd. lùvà i broken Foo-Ohow, 8_d. to 10d.; ordinary to good lO.d t0 I'.d. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. Id. to _8.S-d.; do.,*wlth i]lUo "«your, Is. 2Jd. tels. 8Jd.; blackish loaf kinds, le. "d- t0 lB- 5d. j Is. Cid. to Is. Od. ; do. Btrong Ita» _?ur-l9;M-i0.u-7(l- > Italsow klndB, strong, Is, 8a. to Is. luu., r. 'J?"* chong and pekoo flavour, Is. lid. to 2s. 2d. % J"10 rich peko.-souchong flavour, 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4Jd. J do., vory fine do., 2s. Cd. to 2s. 7d.," souchong, common, Is. to Is, 2d, ; do., middling to One, Is. 3d. to Is. id.; orango pokoo, scented ordinary and. broken, Is. 8d. to Is, 4d. ; do., good to too, Is. Od. to la. 8Û. ; ] do., finest country kind, Is. 10d. to Is. lid. ; caper, scented, common to middling, 1B. Id. to Is. 4_d. ; do., middling to uno, Is. Ed. to Is. 7d. ; young hyson, common, Uti. to Is.Id. ; good to fino, Is. Cd. to ls.|8d.; finest, none ; gunpowder. Canton, good to fine, 10JÜ. to Is. 8d. Abovo quotations aro at per lb. In bond for chests (boxes being worth 2d. por lb. more). Timber presents still a vory heavy unsatisfactory aspect. Tho month, however, has not altogether boen without romoalgnB of improvement, moro especially as tho Bdvlcen just to hand by tho mall confirm tlio report of decreased shipments referred to lost month. Deals aro firm, and when tho sovoral vessels now known to he on tho way arrive, prices must advance, «B nothing can bo forwarded afterwards until tho now season when the Baltic trado opens up a¡¡a!n. Thoro Uno chango In llooriug or lumber. Tlio followingsalcs havo been effected :- On tbo 4th Instant thoro was sold under tho hammer, ex Agra, 40,000 4ft. laths, at 23*. per 1,000 ; 10,000ft oloar pino brought £18 7s. Od. to £15 per l.COOft. ; 7,000ft. white pluo thclving roalisod £10 1C<. do. ; 40,0001t. white pineT. and O., £7 7s. fld. to £7 12s. 0Ä. do. Ex Conquest-100.000 .¿ft. laths woro quitted at 24s. Od. per 1,000; 44,0001t. T. and O. sprtico fetched 6s. 3d. to 5.'. Od. por 100ft. ; ICO spruce deals, 2¿J. por foot 0x3. Ex Whito Swallow, 800 doors wot o cleared off at from 0-, Oil. to 12s. Od. fix W. O. Wontworth-30 logs kauri pino roalisod 11s. Od. to 12s. per lOOIt Ex Annio Beaton-S3 logs blackwood sold at 8s. fld. por 100ft. Ex Sarah and alary-20 Iocs Kow Zealand pine wore placed at 7s. 8d. do. lix Dawn-7,000 .ft palings realised 10s. fld. per 100 : (¡.COO 0ft. do. 12s. do. Kx Prairie-80.000ft hardwood was disposed of at tor 0x3, Bl. 3d. to Os. per 100ft, ; Ox 3 and 10 x8,0s. do.; 12 X 3,0'. to D_. Od. do.; 4x 8,8s. to 0s. do. ; 0 x C and 8 x B, 8s. Od. to Os. do.; 8X 2, Os to Oi. fld. do. Thoro woro sold on tho Oth.'at Gee- long, ox Asta, from Drammon. 55.000ft. 0 x 14 T. and G. rod flooring, at 10s. 8d. ; 183,731ft. 0 x] le T. and O. white, at OH. to O.i. 3d. ; 108,_S5ft 0 x } T. and O. red, at 7s. Od. ; 112,0.9ft 6 x J T. and Q. whito, at 7s. Od. to 8?. ; 10,000ft. 0 x } T. and G. rod. at 6s. Od. ; CO.OSSft. 6 x è, T. and G. rod, beaded, at 6J. Oil. ; 71,V_8fr. V. and G. whito, beaded, at 6>. (k1. ; 10,000ft Oil, T. and G. red, at 6s. Od. ; 26,031ft. 0 x J T. and G. »hito, at6s. 8d. peri OOIt. Also, ox Japan, 2,210 rod dolls, O. and B., wero placed at 4d. per foot for 0x3. On Tuesday, tho 15th, ox Callender, 60 logs cedar wero Bold at 20s. Gd. to 28'. per 100ft. Ex E. If. Young, C2,CO0ft 0 x1 ¿rod T. and G. floorlug wero qulitod at 0s. do. ; 30,000ft 0x1} whito du., at 8". Od. do.; 18,O00ft 0 x J rod do., at 7B. to 7s. 3d. do.; 40,000ft 0x5 whito do., at CB. Od. to Cs. Od. do.; 44.000ft. 8 x i red do, bcadod, a'. 63. 3d. do.; 20,000ft. a x 4 vvblte do., at 4s. Od. do.; 250 hundios lathB brought, IO. por 1,000. Ex Tasmania, 15,000tt. Bhotving roalisod £7 15s. per 1,000ft; 8,000ft Hu. clear pino sold at £017s. flu. do.; 1,000 spruce deals (deck cargo) woro quitted at 2|jd. to 23d. per foot 0x3. On tho 18th, tbo cargo of deals per -Undoo was placed on tho markot; 7,050 red deals, all fuults, wero dis- posed of. NAS brand. 11 x 3, brought 4d, 7-lOtus to 4jd. per foot for 0 x 3 ; 0X3, 4§d. per foot ; 7 x ¡I, 4d. 8-l.ths por foot; O x B, 11 x3. 4}d. por foot; 0x3, 41(1. to 4,d. per foot ; 7 x 3 and 7 x 2., 4Jd. per foot On tho 2-nd, at tho Australiau Wharf, ox Adele, 322,430ft Orciton deals nud squaro timber, were quitted at £0 7s. fld. to £8 10s. por 1,000ft ; 82.3S5 \- pickoto brought £0 10s. to £0 17* Od. nor 1,000; ox Agra-120,000ft white pine choking realised £10 15*. por 1,000ft Tobacco,-TIIIB market, Uko ovory othor staple com- modity, has boen largely affected by the depression -which has prevailed, and tho unsettled stato of com- mercial matters gonorally. No publia or prlvato sales of any extent havo been mado dilling the month, with tho oxccptlon of tho few damngod parcels Bold from time to time, purchasers of all degrees having cot tholr faces against Increasing their liabilities In the present unsottled stato of mittors, and holders havo vvlsoly refrained from pressing sale Yet tho prospects of improvement aro vory pronililng, as tho shipments advised to 17th January, from Now York, aro altogether InadequMo for our requirements, moro especially flatwork, only 05 throc-quarter boxes being reportod as coming forward to an already very bara market. Twist is an exception, as shipments ol this description are advised much moro freoly, though It Is well known that the rom nant« of the lost year's atorlngnronowpreBsodforward.andnothiiigcanbosont away even of that sort after tho January shipments are completed. It 1B, moreover, stated tbat in couse quenco of tho heavy IOSSOB mado on shipments to the Australian colonies many of tho manufacturers havo been compelled to close their factories for good. There waa laatweok a great Inquiry for low tvvUts, at from 3d. to 4d. per lb., and same considerable ex- ports to the «thor colonlos have almostentlrely o'oarcd tlio market Our trade quotations are:-Low tont and half-pounds, out of condition, from Od. to 8d. ; medium, lOd. ; good, Is. ; best. Is. Od. Aromatic», half pounds, and pounds, according to quality, range from 6d. to 10d. ; fancies, up to Is, 0d. ; twist, from lOJd. to Is. Od. Cigars, Manilla cheroots, 70s. ; Havannah stuped, 76s.; Ormond, Swiss, 35s. ; genuine .Havannah, from £10 to £40. Wines and Spirits.-Almost tho whola of the busi- ness dono In wines and brandies has gone through tho »notion mart, and scarcely a sato has been re- ported privately. On the 4th inst, at a publie salo. j-10 wat.' accented for low rod wino. Doublo and treble dloVionel port wlno was sold at £20 10s. to £10, Cockburn'* double grapa was quitted al £20, »ml tawny port .waa placed at £62; Boughton double, diamond sold ov £27, and Quartos Harris treble-grape at £30 ; low oro.'nary sherry was got rid of at £21 ; white wino was at sarao tima quitted at £12 to £16 ; fine medium is salcsMo at £36 to £45. Brandies were dlapoecd of at samo time at low rates; notwith- standing this, however, holders of tho various brands havo not been inducotl to m»ko »0y alteration in prices, but in the present stato of the market quota- tions aro not much moro than nominal. For Hen nessy's and MarteU'a Os. Od. to 7s. IB wanted. C.V.P. and Vlnegrowers' aro offering at Os. Ga. Otard's Is likewise nominal at up to 6s. Od. Associated Vine- yard Is valued at Cs. B. Fiero can ba purchased at 5*. 8d., «nd Central Vineyard is quoted at 5s. Cisa brnndica bavo been moBt irregular and unsettled. Hennessy's, while quoted and soiling in parcels at 26* 3d., is sold by auotlon at 26s, load. Otard's and Mar toll's are still maintained at the nominal quotation of 24s. VJ.V.P. has been sold and is offorlng at 21s. Renault is offering at 20s. ; some 600 cases of this brand were cloared off at 18s. 8d. to 10a. Associated Vineyard may bo quoted at 19s. to 20s. At an auction ealojesterday of winos and spirits very considerable heaviness was ctincod. About 79 quarter-casks and 20 pipes and butts, ports and sherries, were got rid of at from £17 to £65 for port, whllo common sherries brought £20 to £24, and 161 quarters and 112 hhd«. brandies and whiBkey, were disposed of at 4a. Cd. to 6s. Od. for the former, and 3s. 6d. tor the latter. "WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs. R. GOLDSBROWM and Co. report:-" Wool. -As wo anticipated last month a tew auction Bales havo been held, at which about 1,000 bales have boen Bold, consisting chiefly of rompants of clips and scoured parcels. We cannot help regretting to stato that, notwithstanding the heavy and most destruotlvo ralna that have fallen In some parts of New South Wales and Queensland, Victoria has not been favoured with even a small sharo of this much repaired ole mont, and unless we Bhortly receive a copious supply, we are afraid that tbo loss on many stations will be very great ; and we shaU only be too glad in our next to bo able to report that the drought baa fairly broken, and placed spuattera in a mora favourable position. We shall hold our next salo on Wednesday tho 80th Inst. Prices havo been ruling much about the same as last month, and wo quoto :-Greasy.-Inferior, 4Jd. to 6Jd.; ordinary, 6Jd. to 6Jd.; average to good, 7d. to 8d. ; good to superior, 8Jd. to 9Jd. Fleece.-Inferior, 9d. to lid.; oroinary to average, lid. to Is. Id.; good, Is. 2d. to Is. Ed.; superior, Is. Od. to Is. lOd. Scoured. -Inferior, 7d. to Od.; ordinary, 104 to Is.; middling to good, Is. Id. to Is. Id.; superior, Is. 6d. to la lOd. The following Bhipahave cleared since our lastmonth's sum- mary:-1870. March i, Mangalore, for Londcn, 2,804 bales ; Oriental, for London) 959 bales ; 5tb, Yorkshire, for London, 755 hale; ; 7th, White Rose, for London, 2,008 bales; 9th, Loch Ness, for London, 1,743 bales; 10th, Walmer Castlo, for London, 801 bales ; 25tb, George Thompson, for Loudon, 1,868 bales ; total, 11,002 bnlcB; previous shipments, 176,073 bales ; total, October 1st, 1809, to date, 186,975 balos ; total for tho corresponding period of last year, 195,500 bales, showing a docreaso of 8,525 bales. Sheepskins_Ouralmost dally salos aro well attended, both buyers and sollora preferring auction sales to tho old mode of contracting, and largo quantities of skins chango hands at about the following quotations : -Full-woollcd skins, up to 3s. Od. each ; pelts, IB. to Is. Gd. ; lambs', Is. to Is 6d. ; dry skinB, at from 3Jd. to Cad, per lb. Hides.-The demand Is not quite so brisk as bas been the case for como time past, and wo have difficulty In effecting sales at prices altogether up to sellers' ideas. Heavy weights are worth up to 21s., and light ones about 16s. Tallow.-Wo still continuo to soil largo quantities of tallow, at prices ranging for say- superior mutton, £36 10s. to £36 6s. ; boat beef, £31 to £3115s. ; mixed, £3310s. to £34 101, Clearances are:-March i, Mangalore 035 casks, Oriental, 776 casks, 104 tine; March 5, YorkBhlro, 339 casks, 3 tanks ; March 7, Whito Rose, 1,167 casks, 2 tanks, 126 pipes, 141 tins; March 0, Loch Ness, 093 casks; March 10, Walmer Castle, 408 casks; Marcb 25, George Thompson, 348 casks. Kangaroo Skins. We havo (sold 20 bales, at prices ranging for-small, 2s. to Ss. per dozen ; medium, 4s. to 0s. por dozen ; largo, 7s. to 12->. per dozen ; suporlor, up to 16s. per dozen. Leatbor.-Wo have sold, crop, at 8]d. por Ib., nid kip at Is. 4Jd. per lb." Messrs. HASTINGS CUNINGIIAM and Co. report: " Wool.-We bavo nothing of importance to roport since the last mail loft. Thoro have been only tbreo public sales held in Melbourne, tbo number of bales catalogued amounting to about 1,450, of which tho grcator portion found purchasers at satisfactory prices. Very llttlo wool Is now arriving In town, and business Is almoBt entirely confined to fellmongers1 scoured parcels. The prices obtained at the Bales were, for greasy, from Od. to 83d. per lb. ; Bcoured, from lOd. to 21d. per lb. ; and fleece, Ud. to IBU. per lb. The shipment« since last report aro as follow:-From Hobson's Bay-Mangalore, 2.0S4 balos, eloaicd March i; Oriental, 059 tons, do.; Yorkshire, 766 bales, cleared Maroh 5 ; White BOBO, 2,008 bales, cleared March 7 ; Loch Ness, 1,748 bales, cloared Maroh 0 ; Walmer Castlo, 801 bales, cleared March 19 ; George Thomp on, 1,80S bales, cleared March 20 ; total, 11,003 bales. Previous shipments, 170,226 ba'cs. Total shipments from Oc- tober 1, 1800, to February 17, 1870, 187,229 balos ; corresponding; period 1808 and 1809,109,102 balos ; do. 1807 and 1808, 179.939 bales; do. 1800 and 1807, 164,161 bales. Probable quantities to be takon bv the followlngehips: -Lady Jocelyn,8,00Obales;True Bri ton, 1,000 bales ; Orwell, 1,600 balos ; Loch Tay, 2,000 bales. ShccpBkinB.-Wo have been having sales dally since last mall left, and have disposed of large quantities at prices equal to last month's rates. Green eklnB brought from 2s. to 8s. Od. each; pelts up to2s. 3}d.each, lambikins up to 21d. each, and dry station skins at from 3d. to GJd. per lb. Hides.-The market is much weaker than last roportod. We havo observed a de- cline In quotations each week, and really good hides in primo order aro not worth moro than from 3}d. to 4 !. per lb. From the high rates the tanners have boen pay- ing for somo ttmo past, we do not think thoro is much chance of prices advancing for some timo to como. Wo sold hoavy weights at from 20s. to 26s. each, light weights at from 11s. to IBs., and calf skins st from 3Jd. to 4d. per lb. Tho Oriontal takes a email ehipmont of 84 hides. Tallow.-We hove had largo supplies to offer, which found ready purchasers The market has boen steady at lost month's quota- tions. Good mutton sold at from £85 to £30 5s. per ton; beef, at from £34 to £36; and mixod, at f rom £80 to £83 per ton. Tho shipments nro 4,749 cisks and sundry packages. Kangaroo skins havo been dull of Bale. A considerable quantity having accumulated In our stores wo had to dispose of them, and obtained fair pi Ice J, quotations boluc; is to IDs. 0d. por dozen, according to sizo and condition," LIVE STOCK REPORT. Messrs. DALMAIIOV CAMI-HEWI 'and Co. report for tho month:-''Fat Cattle-As reported In out lust monthly, tho supply of cattle continuos groatly in excess of requirements. This, togethor with the warm weathor and Lent season, lias operated against any advance In prices, and best beef may now bo quoted at from 17s. Gd. to 20s. per 1001b. Our sales this nook have been-81 head for Mr. Wm. M'Mtllap, Caldoimcado, bullocks at from £7 to £8 16s.. averag- ing £7 10s. Gd. ; cows from £6 2s. 6d. to £7 2*. Od., averaging £6 18s. 8d., boiug tho top prices of the week ; 47 head for Mr. Wm. Lyall Harwood, at from £3 158. to £016s., avoraging £5 Os.; and some odd lotB forpartlcs noar town, at quotations. Fat Shoep. Tho numbers to hand have been more moderate during tho past month, but prices have remained unaltered, the greater portion of tho Buppllos being from tho north, and of a botter description. Good butohor*' mutton IB now fetching 2d. per lb., sinking tbo offal Wo bavo this week sold 2,000 ewes and wethers tor Messrs. G. A. and P. Mein, Moolpa, at from Oi. Od. to Ss. Gd., being tho highest average of tho day for Riverine sheep ; 867 wethers for Mr. James Boll, Wool- brook, at Gs. Gd., a few culls slightly lower ; 800 ewoj mid v. others for Mr. WlUlam Nowcomon, Morriang, at from 6s. to 13s ; 408 once for the Hon. W. J. T. Clarke, Bald Hill«, at from 8s. to 8s. Gd. ; 582 ewes and wethers for Mr. John Middleton, at from 6s. to 6s. Od. ; and a small draft for Mr. Honry Grass, Little River, at Gi. Od ; also, outside, 2,000 owes and wethers, at 4s. and 5s." ' REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Sinco tbo last mail departure this markot bas worn a cheerless aspoct. Holders are quite discouragod, and business is difficult. There aro many obstacles In tho way of executing even huj ing orders J for vory few portons sro, from tho lowered prices ruling, iu a posi- tion to roaliso at a profit; ana when a loss has to bo sustained, owners prefer, If they can, to hold on, in tho hopo of a favourable turn in the markot or tho raine. Money continues dear, and tho failures in business which bavo occurred tend to crcato distrust, nnd prevent an castor money market. Investment stocks still suffer from the banks' competition for deposits, and a further declino of prlco is mu^h moro likely than any advance. No class of aooutity will bo able to withstand tho conreo of au unfavourable money market. When tho proceeds of tho railway loan finds its way to this markot,«orno relaxation of sti ingency may bo fairly anticipated. Tho tightness of the banka is partly duo to overtrading on their own part as woll OB on tho part of their customors. Gradu- ally, however, matters will como round, as our main producing interests aro sound, although from excep- tional causes thoro is an undoubted commorcialdepres slon. Govornnicnt debentures havo given way about 1 percent. Bank Bliares without any exception easier. Gas stocks maintain their price vory well, few being off erod, and consequently no selling pressure. Insuranco shares are weak tilth tho exception of Australian Alliance. It is difficult to say anything now about tho minos The progress of tho non-productivo companioi is slow, and as calls must ellhor bo made, or work abandoned there have hoon the usual calls troubling shareholders atan Inconvenient time. Some of the Ballarat allu- vial mints aro looking rathor bottor. Favourable accounts and good resulta from the Bonshaw. Great Northern Junction, Ptlnco cf Wales, Park, and soma other claims. The unsoltled stato of somo of tho groat companies as regards their financial position gives unoasineea to holders and keeps down miena. There has been talk of amalgamation between tho Hand and tho Patk Compaules, but there is no cer- tainty that such would bo approvod by the sharo holders of cithei company. As a cheering fact may be noted the cxcellont yields from tbo Great Entended Hustler's Company, Bondlgo; In eight weeks the company has paid £21,700 in dividends, and the people of tbo district aro naturally proud of such re- sults being obtained. Many of the Bendigo claims have had a long unprofitable period to pass through, na has the Extended Hustler's Company, and the favourable turn hi tho affairs of tho latter has given great encouragement to holders. Stringer's Crock is prosperous, and tho claims look well. Clunes, Egorton, Blackwood, and Steiglitz are all depressed. Maldon never heard of amongst metropolitan dealers in shares The dividends due or declared during the four weeks ending 20th March amount to £49.520. Of Ibis cum, £2,490 wu distributed by tho Ballarat Gas Com- pany and tho Molbourno Exchange Company. Tho balanco of £47,030 Ia derived from mines, as again»t £64 OC0 In the four woeks ondlng 26th Fobruary, and £26.330 in tho month of January. In the curront mail month 26 quartz mines paid back £20,680, and 15 alluvial £20,440. It will be observed that tbo divi- dends from quartz considerably exceed thoso detived from alluvial mines. Lower down we give tho divi- dends In detail. Debentures.-Victoria Government sixes from 110 have gone back to 100 sellers; market dull; eales through tho month at 109}to 109; fives sold often at 100. Other doboutures are neglected. Banks.-Colonial Bank have receded from £7 to £0 16s., and even lower has been accepted ; shares aro not at al] freely offered. Commercial Bank aliaros from £4 have fallon to £3 10*., and domand is not much over £3 8s. ; the dishonesty of the late accountant has caused the bank Billi further trouble ; It was advised by tho last iuward mall that somo of tho Commercial Bauk's drafts on London had been refused acceptance, and payment by the bank's London correspondents, viz. tho Colonial Bank of Australasia. This unfortunate occurrence arose from tbo accountant operating upon the London account to conceal his defalcations, and to such an extent that,tho Commercial Bank's drafts had ex- ceeded tho stipulated covor In London. Thus tho De comber drafts wore refused.. Tho frauds wore dis- covered at tho end of December, and tho Commercial Bank at once remitted so as to fully cover their drafts ( on London. Of tho soundno-s of tho bank-which has a calling power of £200,000 beyond tho oxistlng | paid-up capital, and with a proprietary largo, i wealthy, and Influential-there can bo no pos- sible question. Draper, tbo late accountant, hits beon »gain beforo tho police- court-this time on a chargo ot embezzling nearly £2,000, and Is committed for trial, ' National Bank havo gone down from £6 4s. to £618s., and this in the face of six months' dividend which will be earned on SlBt March. Bank of Victoria soldat £38, £37 10s., and offered at tho latter. Land Hort gago Bank sold at £2 7s. to £2 83., and aro firm at these prices. Gas Companies.-Scarcoly a transac- tion. Melbourne Gas (£6 paid) obtainable at £0. Collingwood Gas offered at £8 2s. Cd. Insuronco Companies.-Australasian Firo and Marino have fallon from 8s Od. to 6s. Od. sellers, 5s. bid ; lito sharos often dealt In ; sellers at 18s., boyera at ita. Alllanco hold their own well, solea at 25s. Od. National Fire offored at 5s., and 4s. (id. obtainable Southern Insurance Bold at 20s. to 20s. Od. ; buyors at 20s. Miscellaneous Companies.-Tha Australian Diamond Mines Company continue to obtain regular yields ol small -Ized stoneB, and tholr produco sells readily In London, whence remittances are now rogularlv forth- coming ; the company is also obtaining a little gold, which holpa to pay expenses. Bendigo Waterworks shares in demand. Sales of Gipps Land Steam shares. HobBon's Bay Ballway shares saleable at £53, and £64 asked. Mining Companies.-Tho principal fluctua- tions during the mall month bavo been as follows : Band and Albion Consols from 40s. to 30?. to 38s. to 82s. Od. Bonshaw full shares from £128 to £180. Brcak-o--day from £3 to £8 10s. to £3 ,5s. Great NorthernJunotlon.£0to£ll. GrandTrunk.Creswlck, £36 to £28. Great Gulf, 12s. Od to20s.tol7*fld. Levia- than, £1110a to £10 ; Park, £617s. «d. to £410s. to £1 16s.; Prince of Wales, £8 to £1 18s to £2 JOs. to £2 Gs ; St George and Band, £4 to £8 7s. Od.; Sadowa, £5 to £4; United Albion, £2 to £110s.; Wellington, Eldorado, £4 to 16s-paid up, £6 to 20». to £2; All Saints', 7s. to 3s. Od.; Albion Consols, £1 to 10s.; In- kermann and Durham, 15s. to 25..; Hand and Band, £7 to £4 12s. Cd ; Winter's Freehold, £25 to £13 ; Black Horro, £10 to £15 to £0; Comet, Bendigo, Bl. (ki. to 4B. fld.; Great Extended Hustler's, 409. to-,7s. ed.; Hope, Wood's Point, 8s. to 16s.; Hustler's Beef, 12s. to 8s ; Long Tunnel, £80 to £02 ; Now North Clunes, £118 to £100 ; North Hustler's, 12s. to 18s.; Bod Jaokel, 17s. Gd. to 45».; Wallaby, Giowler's Creek, 0s. to 829. to 27c: Empress, £25 to £20 to £25 ; Lon- don and Australian, £2 10s. to £1 ; North Clunes Consols, £5 10s. to £2 to £2 10s. ; Oriental, Clunes, 26s, to 10s. ; Whito Horso, 6s. to 15s. ' The dividends in detail since our last mail issue have boon : -For the week ending 6th March-Ballarat Gas Com- pany at rate of 12 per cent, per annum (£2,121), and Melbourne Exchango Company, £1 10s. por share (£300) ; Albion Company, Bondigo, £1,500 ; Bonshaw Freehold, 10s. per 8,800th; Golden ABO, 0d. per 20,000th (?); Goldon Stream, 10s. per 2,000th ; Golds brough, Dunolly.5B. por2 000th ; Lady Barkly Tributo, £4 per 00th ; New North Clunes, £3 per 2,056th ; Princo of Wales, Sebastopol, 5s. per 8,B48rd ; Unity" Bendigo, fld. per 20,000th ; Victoria Beef Gold Mines, . Is. per 20,732nd ; Victoria Tribute, £110s. per 320th; Waterworks' Resorvo, £20 por 10th; Wellington Tribute, 2s. Od. per 040th. For tho week ending 12th March-Alma Consols, Maryborough, 10». per 2,400th (?); Annabella, Huntly, Is. per 3,200th; Great Northorn Junction 10s. per 2,000th; Free- hold United, Hepburn, 4s por 2 OOOth ; Kneobono, Eldorado, Os. 8d por 7,000th ; Long Tunnel, Stringer's, Creek, 30s. por 2,400lh ; North Garden Gully, £60 por 24th (?) ; North Johnson's, fld. per 22.0u0th ; Magnum Bonum, 6s. per 458vh ; Ballway Tri- buto, 16a. por 288th; Passby Tribute. Od. por8,000tb. For tho week ending 10th March-All Nations, Hay- field, 2s. per Bhare ; Argus, Bendigo, Gd por 20,000tb ; Galatea, Scarsdale, 5s. por 2,100th ; Golden L.lee, Scarsdale, fls. per 4,400th ; Sultan, Blackwood, 10s. per 2,600th ; Wellington Tributo, 2s. 0d. per G40th. For tho week onding 26th March-Albion Tribute. £20 por 32nd ; Alma Consols. Maryborough, 10s. per 2,400th ; .Annabella, Huntly, Is. Od. por 3 200tb ; Frasor's Tri- bute, £20 per lflth ; Great Extended -lustier's, 2s. 0J. per 2 8001b; Groat Northern Junction, 109. per 2 0C0th; Hope, Wood's Point, Is. ptr 12,000th; Mag- num Bonum, 7s. fld. por 45Gth ; Park, 10s. per 12,800th ; Passby Tribute, fld. per 8,000th ; Wallaby, Growler's Creek, 4s. per 5,000th. Tlio Bendigo and district yields (omitting thoao under 26oz.) have beon- For tho week ending 5th March Great Extended Hustler's Beef Company, l,865oz. ; Noith Garden Gully Company, 4.5oz. ; Annabella Company, 02oz ; Morning Light Company, SSoz ; Johnson's Beef Company, 27oz ; North Johnson's Company, IGOoz. ; Railway Tributo Company, 123oz. ; Monument Hill Tribute Company, 45oz. ; Alliance Company, 25oz ; PasBby Company, 13_n_ ; Water- works Reserve Company, SOoz ; Great Britain Com- pany, ' llfloz. ; Princo Tributo Company, 65oz. ; Telegraph Company, 42oz. ; Hercules Company, 78o_. ; Bell and Watson, 167oz. For tho weok ending 12th March-CarlWe Company, noxt Unity, 18502 ; Victoria Gold Minos Company, 173oz. ; Unify Companv, 160oz ; Victory Tiitiuto Com- pany, 180OZ ; Fredotlclt the Great Company, ISIoz ; Johnson's Beef Company, 30oz.; Nil Desperandum Company, 48cz.; Gray and M'KImmio, Marong, 25az.; Elliott and Company, 70oz.; Elliott and Company's ttlbutcrs, 30oz ; Union Jack Company, G9oz. ; Roberts Brothers, Pigeon Reef, 43oz. ; Catherine United Company. 160oz. ; Bollovuo Tributo Com- pany, 108oz. ; Windmill-hill Company, 74oz. For tho wcok ending 10th March-Great Extended HuBtler'sCompany,l,024oz. ; Albion Company, 203oz ; Annabella Company, 11 Coz. ; St. Mungo Company, lOOoz ; Morning Light Companv. 47oz ; Johnson's Beef Compony, 39oz. ; North Johnson's Company, 05oz. ; Monument hill Tributo, 20nz. ; Passby Tributo Company, 113oz ; Fraser and Company, Oloz. ; Great Britain Company, ISIoz. ; Sammy Dun Company, 42< z ; Hercules Company, 02oz ; Littlo Obum Com- pany, 03uz. ; Bell and Watson, SOoz ; Bismarck Tri- buto Company, 28oz. Tho principal Ballarat and district j ¡olds aro thus summarised by tho "Ballarat Star."Thoy include somo returns from o thor gold-fields, tho companies thui included being partly Ballal at proprietaries :-" Allu- vial -Al__aConBols,42Soz.; Australasian. 3iOoz ; Bond and Albion Consols, 2,222oz ; Bonshaw, l,470oz. ; Ba- larat and Clunes, GSnz ; Bute, 184oz. ; Break-o'-Day, 178oz. ; City of Melbourno, 25oz ; Cardigan Consols, 49o_ ; Durham, 2_8oz. ; Enfield, 42oz ; Extended Sons of Freedom, IGOoz. ; Great Northern Junction, l,201oz ; Golden Horn, 483oz. ; Golden Lake, 462oz. ; Golden Sream, l,070oz ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, 4Goz. ; Galatea, 677oz. ; Grand Trunk, Creswick, 407oz. ; Goldon Point. Creswick, 74oz. ; Hard, and Band, 271 oz. ; Uit-or- Mie«, Oloz ; Leviathan, OSOoz. J Maldon City, 148oz.; Mag- num Bonum, Maryborough, 302oz. ; Magnum Bonum, Carngham, lloz. ; Nevor-can-tell, 387oz. ; NU Despe- randum, 18oz.; Park, 2,832oz. ; Princo of Wales, Sebastopol, l.lOloz. ; Prince of Wales, Carngham. 12oz ; Pheonix, 17oz. ; Royal Standard. 72oz. ; Ref irm, Haddon. 204oz ; Potorro, Carngham, 78 iz ; Rothsay, 84oz.; Speculator. 188oz. ; Sadowa, 842oz ; Sons and Doma, 347oz. ; Working Minors', Ovens, Oloz ; Wel- lington Gold and Tin, 170oz -total, 41 companies, 17,084oz. Quaitz-Albion, 16-2oz.; All-Nations, OOoz. ; Alfred, 36_z ; Ballarat and Carngham Consols, 65oz.; CoBterflold, 121oz ; Freehold United, 409.Z.; Golds brough, 278oz ; Homeward Bound, Scotchman'., 263oz. ; leis, 102rz ; Langi idgo, 17cz ; Llanborrls, 1450Z. ; New North Clunes, 2,00loz ; New Alllanco, 1? Ooz. ; Newington and Pleasant Creek, 20oz.; Princo of Wales. Sebastopol, !80oz ; Port Phillip, 8l5oz ; Queen Victoria, 183oz ; Red Streak, 41oz. ; Sultan, G.80Z ; South Clunes, 323oz.; New Speedwell, 65oz ; Snake Gully, 7t)oz.; Slav of tho West, OOoz.; United Happy Volley, lOSoz. ; Victoria, Clunes, HOoz ; Vic- toria, Gordon, 1S20Z. ; Tangil Cement, 36oz. ; True Blue, 800Z. ; Wallaby, SOSoz.-total, 30 compauios, 7,618oz. _ SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. S. DE BEER reporta :-" My last advices woro dated 28th ult, and the period sinco passed has been marked by much dulnoss In freights gonorally, espe- cially with respect to those to London, tho onding of the wool season havingraade tho scarcity of cargo pain- fully apparent, leading to a considerable reduction upon the rates of freight recently curront Notwith- standing the abovo circumstances, however, the num- ber of ships despatched with colonial produce for Lou- don during tho month has been nearly upon a par with that of the same porlod last > ear, uumborlng as it does seven vcssola of largo tonnage, viz :-The Ori- ental, Mangalore, Yorkshire, White Rose, Loch NCSB, George Thompson, and Walmer -Castle-tho 'tween decks if tho lattor, howovor, being occu- pied by troopB. Tlio berth for tho abovo port Is now occupied by tho Lady Jocolyn, Orwell, Swlftsuro, Truj Bilton, and Loch Tay, tho fortnor nearly full and about being despatched. The low rates of frouht now ruling havo already been referred to, tho declino during the month being at least Jd. per lb., a fall which makes a very appicciablo difference in a frolght list. The rates now being accepted are J)4. for scoured and Jd. for greasy wool; tallow. 80s. nor 20cwt. ; preserved meats, 80s. per 40 feet ; leather, 35s. per 20¡¡wt. ; bark, 30s. per 20cwt. Although this IB Ibo season esteemed most favourable for passengers- leaving for England, Inquirios for accommodation by tho regular Une of ships via Capo Horn aro not by any mi ans activo, which may bo accounted for to some extont from the fact that a largo number of persons, both saloon end second class, seem to prefer tho new route via San Francisco, tho vvholo of the berths in tho next and following stoamors from Sydnoy being already almost ongaged. Tho Nouveau Nomado and Amoy have both been de- spatched for Colombo with cargoes of bono manure, as also tho British Viceroy and Harkawa)-, the former for Calcutta, and the latter for Bomb.y, with horses. Nothing has beon dono in chartering tar tho abovo employment during tho month, and, lndcod, buslnosa for cxua-colonlal «eights han been almost a nullity, tbo only transactions to note being that of the Nor- wegian barquo Dlarus to load a cargo of bark at two ports in South Australia tor London, at GO., por ton ; French hal quo La Paix, Swedish barque Alcedo, American ship Richard Bustced, British ship Bayard, all with coals, Ncvvcastlo to San Franolsoo-iho two former at 27e. Gd. per toa, the latter two at 20s., but theso rates can rcarcely bo obtained now. Nothing hriB been dono in coals for China, rates bolug nominal at 16s, tor Hong Kong and 239. for Shanghai, at which figures several .hips might bo placed, and somo Urnnsgo is wanted for Java at 15>. Tho demand for the purchaso ef shipping during the month has been languid, the only salo effected balng that of the brig Isabella, 256 tons register, built at Princo Edward's Island In 1802, then seven years Al at Lloyd's-£2.200. Messrs. A _. BED Woou,Evand Co. report :-" Tb roujli out tho month the freight market has been totally do veld of activity, and with tho very limited demand for tonnage, rates keep at minimum figure!. Transac- tions altogether havo been unimportant, but the main reaion of this is tho scarcity of dlsongaged ships. Advices from China by the last mail continuing un favourablo in re. peet to coal shipments, has all but suspended operations in that diroctlon ; but for othttr ports chips can bo placod at our quotations. The char- ters concluded have been chiefly tor coal frei.lita, the Ellen Monia (104) having accopted lOi. for Hong Kong, and the Alcedo (60S), Richard Bustced (082), and Bayard (1.810) 27». fld, 203 , and 25s. per ton re- spectively, for San Francisco, all to load at Newcutle. Tho only other engagement reported is the Glarus (420) to load bark at Portland and Lacepede Bays, for London, at a freight of 00s, per ton weight For Londonthe departures coinprUo tho Oriental, Manga- lore, Yorkshire, vVhlto h oso, Lock Noss, George Thompson, and Wa'mcr Cattlo, troop ship. The | beith Is now occupied by tbo Lady Jocelyn, True Bilton, Orwell, Snifuure, and Loch Tay, of which tho first tbreo aro about to clear with passengers and cargo. Kates of freight, which have bad a downward tendency for some weoks past, owing in a great measure to tlio sortons falling off In the clip of wool, may now fairly bo presumed to 1 have reached their lowest-certainly lower than hu ruled for savoral years past from this port During the next month an Improvement in rates may be looked for, as the berth will not bo BO crowded with tonnago as hcr.tof.ira. Tho pas I Benger trado has been modorately brisk, but not so much so as In former years at this season. Wo noto tho d'-artuiç 0\ the Nouveau Nomade, with °.0ieO, Soanuro, and boneduBt for Colombo; the British Vlcoroy, with 128 horscB, 188 tons coppor, and 6,782 Bloopors, for Calcutta; the Harkaway, with 116 horace and 200 tons of coppor, for Bombay ; the Sea Chief, for Nowcastlo, to load coal for San Francisco, under home charter; the Ethiopian, In ballast for Shanghai ; tho Emo, via Newcastle, to load coal on ship's account for tho same port; and the Agra, for Java, beeldca a numerous flcot for Callao. Quotations for London aro :-Wool, }d. and gd. per lb. ; tallow, 80s. to 86s. ; bark, leathor, and preserved meats, 85s. to 40a. ; ore, IB. ; measure- ment goods, 35s, all per ton ; and from Newcastle, with coal, for Hong Kong, 12s. ; Shanghai, 21s. ; San Francisco, 25s. ; Java, 14B. ; Colombo, 26s. ; Calcutta, 14s. ; Bombay, 22e. por ton." SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CIEARANCES BUTCH OUR LAST SÜMUARY. [II., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cb., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; . H.,' Hamburg ; Hn., Hanovorlon ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North German, S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bclg,, Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; 8., ship; b., barque; hr., brig; se, schooner ; B.S., stcomor.l March ARRIVED. 1\. Tasmanian, B. e., 1,136, G. B. Willis, Escoumalne Quebec-Moore and Co. > 2\. Dayspring, missionary se., A. Frasor, South Sea Islands, vii Geelong.-Captain Frasor. 5\. Erne, B. s" 778, John Johnstone Gunn, London Bright Brothers and Co. ' 5\. Olo Muller, N. b., 622, E. V. Frommong, Tonsborg Alex. Macfsrlan and Co. 5\. Hindro, S. b., 840, O. W. Grundberg, Geflc Dalgety, Blaokwood. and Co. G. S v, ii touro, B. a., 1,326, Vallons R. 0. Staepoolo. J. H. White and Co. 7\. Persévérant, F. b , 469, A. Harvard, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 12 Adele, A. se, 202, J. Friend, Burrard's Inlet-W.! J. Gi el g and Co. l8. Onward, B. a,, 600, W. White, Hong Kong,-L. Kong Meng and Co. 10\. Geelong, R.M.S S" 1584, R. T. Dundas, Point de Galle.-F. R. Kendall. 20\. Charlotte, S. b., 507, F. L. Eakanson Swartwlk. Joshua Brothors. 21\. Anglo-Saxon, B. B., 693, A. Davidson, Dowra. Vlrgoo, Son, and Co. 21\. Stanley, B. se., 115, J. Griffiths, Colombo.-Robert Harper and Co. 21\. Belle, B. sa, 108, Godfrey C. Hill, Colombo.-F. W. Prell and Co. 22\. Aukathor, N, e., 700, N. J. Strom, Frederickstadt. -Joshua Brothers. 23\. Clora Sayers, B. b., 293, Gcorgo Middleton, Mauri- tius.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 24\. Carlisle, B. s., 1,120, J. W. Edon, Llvorpooh Dickson, Williams, and Co. 25\. Bathforn, B. s., l,209,Jas. Mitchell, Liverpool. Bright Brothers and Co. Feb. ciEAREn OUT. 28\. Conquoet, A. b,, 616, F. Howes, Guam.-Newell and Co. March. 1\. Avoca, R.M.S.S., 1,007, A. B. Farquhar, Gallo. F. It. Kendall. 3\. Snnmtra, B.s., 1,324, Jonah Dyer, Callao.-Saundors and Johnston. 3\. Nouveau Nomade, F. b., 393, A. Uarchandoau, Colombo.-F. W. Prell and Co. i. Eurynome, B. s., 1,102, Vi. Watson, Rangoon. DlckBon, Williams, and Co. 4\. Oriental, B. s., 1.017, Thos. Mlles, London. Bright Brothors and Co. i, Mangalore, B. s., 1,213, Andrew Thoms, London. Lorimer, Marwood, und Rome. 5\. Yorkshire, B. a., 1,057, T. Anderson, London. W. P. White and Co. 7\. White Rose, B. s., 1,193, J. 3baw, London. Holmes, Whlto, and Co. 7\. Sidney, S. b., 698, O. Auntrntadt, Callao.-W. J. Greig and Co. 8\. Argonaut, B. 8., 1,073, A. Nicolson, Shanghai via Newcastle.-Alox. Macfarlan and Co. 9\. Loch Ness, B. a., 1,190, Thoa, Meiklejohn, London. -Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 11\. BiitiBh Viceroy, B s" 1,172, W. Garratt, Caloutta. -Bright Brothers and Co. 11\. Weldonhlclm, S. s., 611, L. O. Nonzen, Callao. Greig ai.d Co. 12\. Ethiopian, B. f., 838, W. Faulkner, Shanghai. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 14\. Sea Chill, B. a., 1,056, R. Tucker, San Franciaco, via Newcastle_Geo. Martin and Co. 18\. Erne, B. s., 778, J. J. Gunn, Shanghai, via Now- castlo. - Bright Brothers and Co- lo. Walmer Castlo, B. s., 1,004, Honry Bcrridge, lot don.-J. H. Whlto and Co. 19\. Richard Bustccd, A. s., 082, A. H. Klngman, San Francisco, vltl Nowcastlo.-Newell and Co. 10\. Harkaway, B. a., 813, Eugeno G. V. W. Cottier, Bombay -Bright Brothers and Co. 10\. Isabella, B. br., 260, J. Wobotor, Maldon Island. Grlce, Sumner, and Co. 21\. Agra, B. B., 925, O. Miller, Guam.-Lord and Co. 21\. Vanadin, S. b., 481, Jno. G. Sodorberg, Callao. W. J. Greig and Co. 23\. Bayard, B. a., 1,819, J. N. Jackson, San Francisco, vi.l Nowcastlo.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 23\. l'orseveraut, F. b., 409, A. Harvard, Callao. Joshua Brothers. 23\. Ncptucus, D. B.,640, G. H. Lodorwyk, Guam. Victoria Sugar Company. 26\. Bindoo, S. b., 840,0. W. Grundborg, Callao. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 26\. Georgo Thompson, B. s., 1,128, Wm. Shepherd, London.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. MARCH 1. Avoca, R.M.S.S., for Galle.-3 boxes simples, 1 pared documents, 2 packages effects, 1 caso wine, 13 cases mi at, 1 packago nowspapers, 30 bags flour, 4 packages chairs, 7 packages apparel, G packages potatoes, 0 ticiccs beef, 8 casks tallow, i packages parcels, 1 packagepapers, 1 packago birds, ldo. plate. MARCH 8. Nouveau Nomade, for Colombo.-3 casks tallow, 15 casks 25 casca preserved meats, 8,010 bags oolloo manuro, 5,560 bags bonodust. MARCH i. Oriental, for London.-959 bales wool, 778 caskB 101 tins tallow, 03 bales polls, 0,000 sheepskin, 61 bales sheepskins, 353 bundles bark, 0 bundles basils, 0 casks roans, 2 600 bags copper oro, 339 logs myall wood, 93 bales Titge, 106 bales flax, 13J tonB shank bones, 14,972 ))O:!IB 6 bags bones, 84 hides, 89 kangaroo skins, 23 calfekiDB, 3 pigskins. Mangalore, for London -2,804 bales wool, 13 balos leather, 371 bales flax, 1,140 bags bark¿ 2,396 bags copper oro, 22 tierces preserved meat, 038 casks tallow, ISO bundles sheepskins, 199fi-klns butter, 40 bales pelts. MARCH S. Yorkshire, for London.-756 bales wool, 600 cases 43 casks preserved meats, 48 balos leathor, 330 casks S tanks tallow, 664 bags bark, 60 casos wines, 175 bags antimony ore, 28G blocks rcgulus antimony,'2,840 bags copper oro, 19 caskB black sand, 2 cases fancy goods, 2 packages boots, 5cascswh>o, 5 packages effects, 2 casca pictures, 2 packages skins. MARCH 7. Whito Rose, for London.-2,218 bales wool, 2 301 cases preserved meats, 507 casks 2 tanks 40 pipes 111 tins tallow, 150 tuns copper ore, 2,263 bags bark, 140 balts leather, 10 tonca bones, 12 packages sundries. MARCH O. Loch NCES. for London.-1,740 bales wool, 098 casks tallow, 120 balcB pelts, 0 bales sheepskin!, 188 bates leathor, 323 bales rags, 200 bales 148 bags bark, 384 balcB tlagB, 8 bales basils, 60 tierces preserved moat, 7 pipes wine, 5,300 horns, 6 tons spelter, 2 packa¡¡us sundi ic8. ' MARCH 11. British Viceroy, for Calcutta.-1 case wlno, 6,732 rall« ay sleopers, 70 tons 332 bales hay, 40 bales chaff, 1,000 bushels bran, 200 bushels oats, 30 package* medical stores-, 3,292 cakes copper, 120 tanka, 1 truok effects, 2 cows, 128 horses. MARCH l8. Erne, for Shanghai, via Nowcastlo.-211 tons coal. MAC cn 19. Harkaway, for Bombay.-4,610 cakes copper, 039 bags bran, 4 packages timber, 116 horees, 40 tons hay, 20 cases colonial wine. Walmer Castle, for London.-801 bales wool, 150 tons copper ore, 3 casks black Band, 100 hhds. treacle, GO bags antimony, 408 casks tallow,652 casks preserved meats, 10 bales leather, 3 bales skins, Isabella, for Maldon Island.-2 casks pork. MARCH 25. George Thompson, for London.-1,888 bales wool, 135 tons copper ore, 158 cases gum, 176 balos flax, 1,988 bags 136 bales bark, 2 packagos rugs, 338 casks 4 talikB tallow, 102 bales basils, 05 balea skins, 03 casks 1,074 coses preserved meats, 106 bales leathor, 67 bag* antimony, 309 ingots speltor, 6 boxes effects, 4 cases colonial wine, 133 bales rags, 81 coses samples, a quan- tity of ehankboncB, 1 case drugs. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. MARCH 1. Avoca, R.M S.S., for Point do Galle. Fassongors cabin : For Point do Gallo- Mrs. Chevalier, Mr. Antelini, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Wenzoli Mr. J. G. O. Thompson, and Mr. Mitchell's female European ser- a-ant For Bombay-Miss L. Lunny and Miss Irving. For Suez-Mr, and Mrs. C. Wilson and two children, Mr. and Mrs. Levy, two children, and two infants; Mr. and Mrs. Cumming, Mr. John Cumming, jim., Miss Buirow. Mr. and Mrs. Gucsdon; Mossrs. Fen- wick, W. A. Bonn, T. Randall, F. A. Du Oroz, Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Lyons, Messrs. Rolland (two), and Mr. Mitohcll. For Shanghai-Mr. Price. For Mar Belllec-Captain M'Glllivray and Mr. E. Schiess. For Southampton-Mr. and Mrs. Cobley and European female servant. MARCH 4. Oilcntal, for London. Passengors- cabin: Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Rood, Mr. Mulcahy, Mr. O.J. Squire, Captain Hunt ; and 10 in tho steerage. MARCH 5. Yorkshire, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs Robert M'Dougall and three children, Misses U'Dougall (two), Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Bird, family (four), and sen-ant, Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Allan, family (five), aud two sorvants, Mr. and Mrs. Ashton Warner and family (four), Mr. and Mrs. J. R, Trotter and two children, Mr. and Mrs. R. W. M'Donald, Mr. and Mrs. Enoch Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. W. Lakeland, Mr. and Mrs. William Chard, Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Smalos, Mr. and Mrs. J. B- Goodwin, Mis. Anderson, child, and Bervant, Miss O. Wlghton, Miss M'Comas ; Messrs. R. Aldridge, F. W. Stilwell, John Stanley, Charlee Swanston, J. S. Horsfall, F. W. Torrance, G. Wilson, John Mows, jun., E. Kynnorsloy, Fetherstonhaugh, W. B. Dixon, Edward Loobol, Jacob Brascb, Dr. Collins ; and 148 in the second and third cablnB, MARCH 7. Whito ROBO, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. Bamford, Mr. Williams, Mr. Donaldson; and 16 in the steerage. MARCH 9. Loch Ness, for London. PassongorB-cabin : Mrs. and Miss Dawson, Mr. Mrs., and Miss Mlohelmore, Mr. and Mrs. Dalliburton, Misa S. Ray. Miss Pascoe, Messrs. J. Blackbourne, T. H. Lask, Dick; and 10 in the second cabin. MARCH 19. ' Walmer Castlo. for London. Passengers - cabin : Colonel W. C. Trevor, CB ; Major E. K. Jones and wife ; Captain E. W. Saunders, wifo, and three children ; Captain M, 8. Morgan Captain J. D. Bradley, Captain John Glancy and six children, Captain G. L. Bryco ; Captain John Wilson, wifo, and two children ; Captain A. It. Keogh, wifo, and ono child ; Lieutenant W. B Churchward, Lieu- tenant A. W. Noyes, Lieutenant W. O. Balne, Lion tenant W. K. Barrett, Ensign P. Crosbie, Ensign A. Rutledge, Ensign J. G. B. Lye, Ensign C. B. Gordon Paymaster Q. E. Earle. Adjutant H. L. Woodlands ; Quartermaster J. Mills, wife, aud five children; AesiBtant-Eurgeon 214th, Oontiin Bennett, wife, anu flvo children; Staff Assistant-Surgeon Captain Chandler ; 820 rank and file, CO worn» D) and 100 children. MARCH 25, Gcorgo Thompson, tor London ._Passengers-cabin : Mrs. Sliophoid, illss Walker, ^r. and Mm. Malnatone. Mr. B. J. ¡..undera, Oapfjn, vy. a. Burrell, lUclnrd Patching, J. King; an<> ¿3 in tho Intermediate. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. SATOBDAY, MAKCH 26. Amount j til Loan. 1000000 800000 100000 10000 60000 80300 185400 163300 100000 20000 0000 Viet Gov. Rlvvy. (local), 6 per cent Viet Government Cocal), 6 por cont. Melbourne Corporation, 0 per cent Ballarat Water. 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, 0 per cent. .. Collingw ood Gas, 0 por cent. Melbourne Gas, 7 per cont. Melb. ¿v H. B. United, 8 per cont Do,, 7 per cent. . Do., 6 per cont. . Do., 6 per cent. Nolson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. Otatro Provincial Gov.. 8 per cent 108-100 OOl-lOO. ¡100Î-107} C00O0O 50000 30000 24008 14000 6G000 2080 24430 210000 12C00O 25000 40000 10250 100000 40000 00000 25000 25000 68370 17876 3000 37600 12338 60000 12000 7000 10 PUBLIC C-jir-ANiM. Last dlv, percent. per annum. BANKS. Bal. Bankg. (limit) Do., new issue . Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Aus- tralia (limited) .. Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (limited).. National of Austral. Now South. Wales . 2Bl(VIctorla(Mol.rog.) I ( Do. (London reg ) 2 Land Mortgago I OAB COMPAMHB, 7| Ballarat -.Bendigo 6 Castlemaine 6 Collingvv'd -.Fitzroy Opajle-ford (limited) 1 Geelong } 10 J Melbourne 12. 6 12 IKBOTIAK-B. 2J Austral. Firo ¿5 Mar. _ Australasian Lifo 1 Australian Alliance. 1 National Fire Insur. 1 Southern Insurance 1.Victoria Lifo L Gen. 25 Victoria Fire k. Mar, j MSCEL-ANnOUB. 1 1 Australian Dla J J mond Mines .. 6Bcndlgo Watorworlti fl Gipps Lnd. StcamN.i 0 Hob BayR. Sea Ba thi 7JMarítimo ¿.General .CrcditCo. (Limit) _ Mudgee Gold andr I Diamond f CO CO MclboitnioE_.ch'ngo 6 I 5Ovens Waterworks. I I l.Studloy Park Bridge 20 ¡20, Victorian leo 20 20 Warrenheip Dlstily. RAILVVAVS. CO 150 Melb ÄtHob.BnyUd. 0 12. 10 Closing Prices. £ } 7Î-8. 6.6Î 81-3. Es.-Gs Gd. 17S-181 253-26. is Öd.-Cs. 21S.-22Í1. G3S.-C5JS. 25-30 «¿ U-l. 621-51 MINES. DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Closing Prices. 2000 22600| 3000 4000 8200 2000 2100 2000 2500 4400 1G00 4000 4000 70C0 8200 2660 2660 GOG 460 12800 8343 0000 2C00 4031 0448 4800 8500 l8. Avoncllft Baud of none and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Break o' Day, Rokewood Buhinj ong, Buninyong Buninyong New, Buninyong Great Northern Junction Ballarat . Galatea, Scarsdale .. Golden Stream Golden Horn, Springdallah., Golden Lake, Scarsdale Grand 1 runk. Creswick Giand Trunk, Happy Vahoy Great Gulf, Ballarat.. Do., now iasuo Kneebone, El Dorado Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. ¿Leviathan, Ballarat ow or Huntly Deep Lead Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. Park, Ballarat Princo of Wales, Ballarat St Gcorgo and Band of Hope Sadowa, Talbot Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat United Albion and Princo of Wales, Ballal at .. United WorWngMincrs', Bal. Wellington, El Dorado 309.-32SS. 138-142 3-3} 101-11 10 20-30 45-65 _~1 Si-3jr 10-lOS 14-15 42-46 2J-2. 8-3. 1.-1 10s -l63. NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 3500 10GOO 2500 1000 1000 4000 3600 46C0 C00O 6000 7000 8000 4000 3000 7000 4400 8000 8000 0400 G400 1000 8000 2510 10SÜ Albion Consols, Ballarat .. All Saints', Ballarat .. Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly. Durham, Ballarat Do., préfèrent Do., new. Emperor, Ballarat Great Extended, nidorado .. Do, Contributing . Great North-west, Ballarat.. Do., now . Inkermann and Durham, Bal. Lady Sutton, Chiltern New Avoca, Avoca Nightingale, Ballarat North Pant, Ballarat Princo Importai South Nightingale .. Speculator, Ballarat United Hand-iu-Hand andl Baud of Hope, Ballarat, V siegle ISBUO .. ..) United Ov ona Gold and Tin, 1 Eldorado . J Do., Contributing .. United Suburban, Ballarat. Winter's Freehold, Ballarat.. 69.-10B. 2..-3B. 160-175 4-5 12'.-14.. l63 -20s. 11-1 3S.-_B. 11-13 4-41 41-5 33-4J 0Î-8i DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 10S0 1200 82000 2000 12000 10064 1710 16044 14000 24000 1200C 6010 23100 28000 28000 4860 12000 12G0 20S70 2050 20000 2400 28875 16000 22000 1080 3C00 1000 20000 2400 7000 2260O 1088 22500 1 Alliance, Bondigo 80 - ¡Adv anco Bendigo 10000 1 Agamemnon, Bendigo 10000, 1 Ajax, Alexandra 2.00 6 Albert Company, Aloxandra 11-1} 1000U1 1 Ajax, Castlemaine .. .. 63,-lOs, 2200 10 Albion, Steiglitz .. .. 11-18 80000, 1 Alabama, M'l vor 1000, 16 All Nations, Matlock.. 20000 1 Argus, Bendigo .. .. 14ÍB.-15Í-. 8510 10 Al Cnstlo Rcof, Wood's Pt... 2480 16 Blackhill, Ballurat .. 2500 2 Black Horse. Egerton 06000 1 Catherine Reef United Claim 1 holders, Bondigo .. .. OJs -71s 1 Clunes, Clunes .. .. 7-S 17* Clunes United, Clunes .. - li Comet, Bondigo .. .. 4ls.-5s. Costerfield, Heathcote lj'Derby, Maldon 1 ll-rtglehawk Aeso., Maldon .. 1 Do. Pi ef ci once. Maldon I |Do. Union, Maldon .. II Ellesmere, Bendigo 1 lEnorgetic, Bendigo .. I I Grand Junction, Maldon -j 1 Great Britain, Bendigo .. 0s.-10s. 1 ¡Gt. Extended Hustler's, Ben. 26s.-271s 1 Hercules, Bendigo .. .. S.s.-Ols. 2 Homow ard Bound, Alexandra 10s.-15«. 1 nope. Wood's Point .. .. 15s.-171s. \- Hunt's, Wood's Point .. - _20s.'IIustler's Roof, Bendigo .. 7ls.-03. 10r)73 2J 'Johnson's Reef, Bendigo .. 9js.-lls. 10000, 1 .Lady Barkly, Bendigo .. 4s.-l}s. 2000 - Lovlatlmn, Black River .. - 10000 1 Linscott's Reef. Maldon .. - 1800 10 Longfellow, Stringer's .. - 2400 6 'Long Tunnol, Stringor's .. 02-95 2000] IO Mnlakoff, Steiglitz .. .. - 10 Nelson, Maldon .. .. - 20 New North Clunes .. .. 104-100 1 Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. - 6 No1 th Gipps Land, Stringor's - 1 NorthHuatlorsRoef.Bendlgo 121s.-13¡s. \- ¡N. Specimen Hill, Bendigo.. - 1 iNoi til Johnson's, Bendigo .. lOa.-llls. \- Prince of Wales, Matlock .. - 0 Red Jacket, Bright .. .. 2-21 7_ Ho.v al Standard, Black River, - \- Sparrowhawk, Bendigo .. - 6 Speculation, Maldon .. .. - 1 South Aja \,Castlemaine ,. - 1 &t.; Mungo. Bendigo .. .. G3.-7B _10 Specinion-liIU, Daylesford .. - 2000i 10 Steiglitz . - 2500 - (Sultan, Blackwood .. .. 0-0} MOO 10 Unity, Inglewood .. .. ~ 4400 IO lUnited Happy Valloy, Buck | land. 81-0 800 40 Victoria, Clunes .. .. 10-12 000; 26 Walhalla, Stilnger's Crock .. 145-100 4600 - Wallaby, Growler's Creek .. 27s-30s. 20000 1 Young Chum, Bendigo .. - NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. G000 8000 20000 0000 24000 2000 1020 3000 4000 4000 480P 8000 2000 8000 82000 -U40 3Î00 3000 2100 4000 3200 ? 4000 S0O0 2600 4000 11000 2600 2000 G00O 8600 4000 20274 3100 8000 3000 AlexandraMIningc. Crushing Ben Lomond, Stuartmill .. Burn's Reef, Forest Creek .. Hunes, Great Northern Eagle, Bendigo Empress, Stringor's Eureka, Stringer's Creek .. Fl.IngScud. Golden Age, Bendigo Golden Point, Clunes Great Whoal, Clunes.. Hciuiles, Stringor's .. Homew'd Bound, Scotcbmn's Isis, Stuart mill Kangaroo Bob, Egerton Koh-i-noor, Bendigo London & Australian, Clunes Magdala, Pleasant Crock Mariner's and Sloan's, do. New Garibaldi, Blackwood New Ingt on, Pleasant Crcok.. Noi th Cohen's, Stringor's Ck New N Cohen's, Stringer's Ck N orth C1 unca Extension North Clunes Consols, Clime» Oriental, Clunes Pegleg, Bendigo Queen Victoria, Canadians south St. Mungo South Cohen's, Stringer's -lb. Scotchman, PleasantCk. Trojan, Blackwood .. Tubal Cain, Stringer's U. Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria) Gordons Wellesley, Egerton .. tYliitc Horce, Egerton 24-20 1H.-149. -S.-Os. Is. 8a, -5s. IhVt 1-11 l}i.-2is. 18S.-21S. 2J-2. 03 -l8". 13s.-10-. . C£G 129.¿16?. 16s. 203.-233. 