Thk Imraigration Regulations pvo cliiitncd in la^fc night's Government C'a~el'e, bear the marks of hasty pre paration, and we think that on examination of them it will be found that in this case the adage ' the more ' haste the worse speed' will be found to be applicable. Some alteration was rendered requisite by the circumstance that tho appropriation clause in the Land Act 18G2 has been repealed, and that the amount to be spent on immi gration must be fixed by the Assembly from year to year. But the very fact of that repeal should have been interpreted by the Government as an intimation fcliat the Legislature were desirous of defiling with the whole ques tion of immigration. The absurdity of mtiking regulations for the distribu tion of a fund which has no existence, docs not seem to have occurred to the Government. Instead of being deterred by this little difficulty, the Ministry have drawn up the regulations, which ave to come into force on the 1st dnv of March next, upon the supposition that a much larger sum will be at their disposal in the present year than in the past. It is ~a wonder that' it did not occur to some member of the Govern ment that it would have been well to ascertain the amount that was likely to be at their disposal, before making regulations, which must be modified should the Assembly not agree with the somewhat loose notions of the Ministry oh the subject. Before entering into the merits of the new rules it must be evident that a stupendous blunder has been committed in makinsr them at all at the present juncture. They cannot have any effect except to bind the Government to a contract which they may never have the power of completing. If Parliament had not been sitting, the plea of neces sity might have been urged for a tem porary act of usurpation by the Execu tive over the Legislature. But there is no room for such a plea. The old re gulations might have done very well until the Estimates for immigration had been laid before Parliament. There is oven reason to believe that the ac tion of the Government is ultra vires, for the Immigration Act makes re peated reference to the Land Act 1S62, and tho very machinery of the immigra tion department is declared to be de pendent on the fund appropriated under that act. We will now call attention to the particulars in which the new regula tions differ from the old. The number of females to be introduced free was formerly fixed at an average of 150 per month, or 1800 per annum. There is now to be no limit to the number. Formerly the regulations contained no reference to the nationality of such females. Henceforth British subjects and natives of Germany and Switzer land will he eligible. Why the French, Belgian, Danish, and other nationalities are to be shut out does not appear. Formerly single females only were eligible for free passages. The new rules create a new class — 'married ' peo2-le of the class of small farmers ' and laborers.' The number of these is to be limited to the requirements of the colony as indicated by the amount annually voted, and to be selected from England, Scotland, Ireland and Wales, iu proportion to their respective populations. Formerly this limitation was in force for only nine months in each year; now it is absolute. Surely it would have been soon enough to have made regulations for this class after Parliament had dis cussed the propriety of making any pro vision at all for free immigration of this kind. The description is wide enough to include capitalists and pau pers ifrom the rural districts, and there is a very strong probability that the Assembly will object altogether to the importation of such classes 'as free immigrants. It is only by an unwarrantable stretch of the provisions of the Immigration Act that ' free ' immigration of this kind can be recognised. The Land Act 18G2 pro vided for ' assisted ' immigration only. The new Act makes no provision at all. There is no material alteration in the ?rules relating to passage-warrants issued in the colony to residents desirous of bringing- out their relatives. The amount required to be paid remains un changed except in the case of males be tween fifteen and fifty, for whom the payment is reduced from .£5 to JM-, the reason for which is by no means ob vious, female immigration being still the great desideratum of the colony. The next division of the regulations permits persons residing in the colony to take out passage- warrants for laborers or servants without specify ing: the names of the persons to be introduced, on payment of the same sums as those required, for the bringing out of relations duly ? nominated, namely from .£1 to .£4 each, according to age and sex. It appears to us that a larger sum might fairly be demanded on such open warrants. Strange to say, the new rules are altogether silent regarding the introduction of persons other than British subjects skilled in special industries. The most important innovations are contained in the fourth part of the regulations. It is there provided that ' persons resident in tho United Iving ' dom' desirous of obtaining passages for relatives and 'friends'— a designa tion which may include anybody and f-vfirvbnrlv--niav obtain warrants on — - — ^ - — --j ? j application to the Agent - General. Under this provision it will be an easy matter for poor-law guardians and others interested in clearing out the useless and dangerous classes, to make arrangements with an intermediate party for tho negotiation with the Agent-General, so that he will have great difficulty in ascertaining the character of the persons nominated for passages. The most objectionable of all the regulations is the very last, which pro vides that ' warrants may be .issued ' in favor of single males or families ' who may be desirous oT embarking ' in ships selected by themselves,' on payment of sums of £2 and upward, the Government becoming responsible to the shipowner to the extent of .£14 for each statute adult. This will open a wide door for the introduction of the most gross abuses. It is a system which was tried twenty-five years ago, and universally condemned. It is a regulation, too, which will be a. stumbling block in the way of the ac ceptance of any tender for steam com munication via the Cape of Good Hope. It is a clause which must have been in serted on . ' proper representatisns' from shipowners and agents, whose in terests are antagonistic to the establish ment of that service. !STot only are the regulations in ex cess of the powers possessed by the Government under the Immigration Statute, but they virtually abrogate the rights of free selectors under the Land Act, as the following clause will show : — 'To those immigrants who have sufficient capital to enter at once upon the cultivatiou o£ the soil on their arrival, tho Goyerumsut will afford every facility consistent with tho Land Laws of the colony to obtain land, and, whenever practicable, to allot contiguous blocks of landto persons desirous of living in the same locality.' Effect onn only be given to this re gulation by withholding lands' from colonial selectors, it order that newly arrived ' capitalists' may be placed upon them, Iherg is sssurecl.'y matter enough in these regulations to engage tho attention of t!-ie country and the country's representatives for seme time to come. ? The projected Colonial Conference in London is seen even already to be an utter failure. It was, perhaps, as wild and impracticable a scheme as could nossiblv ho. nut forward, invested wit an air of plausibility and probability. And it is little wonder it has fallen to pieces at the first touch of reality, as it seems to have done on its first contact with the local colonial Governments and the Secretary of State for the Colo nies. What is strange is that the authors of the project did not at once see tho anomalous and untenable posi tion attempted to bo taken up. Some few scattered knots of absentee colo nists who chanced to find themselves staying in London, proposed to erect themselves into a body that was to stand as a sort of intermediary and diplomatic power between the colonies and the Imperial Government, and to guide both the one and the other as to the principles of action to bo observed between them on matters of government. Tho formation of a third body like this for colonial affairs could have no other meaning than that the respective local colonial Govern ments on the one hand, and the Secre tary or btate tor the Uolomes on the other, neither knew their own minds nor their own special business, and that this chance collection of self elected, intermeddlcrs, without respon sibility, and without adequate informa tion, either special or general, on current questions and events in the colonies, would be alone qualified to act — would be alone able to do what was the one thincc requisite, namely. make tho relations between the Im perial and colonial authorities one of perfect harmony and mutual advan tage. Such an assumption was as absurd as it was arrogant. It said, iu effect, all who deal with colo nial affairs are fools, except the promoters of the conference. Now that the thing is exploded, its authors are trying t© back out of the monstrous position they had attempted to take up. But any disclaimer of the kind is too late. They say that they never had any intention either of interfering in matters of government between the Imperial and the local authorities, or of seeking to supersede the established channels of communication between them, or of easting any reflections on the colonial agencies at present exist ing. No one has imputed any of these things to them. But the fact of the advocates of the scheme first con juring up these accusations against i/iiuuiBuivuK, iuiu uiuu repumng uiem, is a proof of these gentlemen being conscious that these things would have been the result of the success of the conference, had such success arisen, and that they had eagerly con templated such a result as a matter of just and proper expectation. Tho very nature of their project proves the fallacy and untruth of these disclaimers ; for, if they did not look forward to wielding activo power and influence in the way referred to, what then had they in view ? The field of action does not admit of three parties in it. Of these the Imperial Govern ment must ex necessitate be one. If the London conference is to be the other, then tho local colonial Govern ments must stand aside and abdicate their functions, as far as intercourse with the Imperial Government is con cerned, in favor or this self-elected j unta of absentee nondescripts. Is it pos sible to imagine any scheme, more chaotic and impracticable 1 Fancy questions relating to peace or war, or armaments, or postal subsidies, or. differential customs duties, having to make the circuit from the one Govern ment to the other, through the channel of an irresponsible unofficial body of men, sitting somewhere' in a tavern in Lsndon. It has certainly been, ad vanced in some quarters in .ah apolo getic tone, that nothing of this kind was in contemplation, and that the sole object of the proposed con ference was toget up a strong agitation in favor of colonial demands, and to bring strong pressure to bear on the Colonial Office for this end. If so, the device was a mast. clumsy one, which has defeated itself. For, though having only such a simple object in view, they nevertheless contrived to make it appear that they meant to revolutionise the relations between the colonies and- the United Kingdom, and they have thereby annihilated all chance of the conference, such as it was proposed to be, ever coining into existence. The one thing only that the self governed colonies of Great Britain re quire, is that tho relations between them and the mother country should be clearly defined, so as to leave nothing arising out of these relations in doubt or uncertainty. And this is a matter which the responsible local authorities ef the several colonies can alone settle with the Imperial Government. No small knot of political middlemen can effect anything in it. A colony like Victoria, or New. South Wales, for instance, should stand in. precisely the same relation as a foreign country to England. If duties of an ambassado rial character arise, the Agent-General of the colony should act as its envoy. In all matters of domestic policy which touched Imperial concerns as well as local, the two Governments should communicate directly with each other. And where these matters had reference to military or naval defence, nothing should beleft in doubt, or to considera tions of fear or favor, or to 'agitation,' on the one side or the other. For ex ample, wo should not have to ask, nor the Imperial Government to grant, as a favor, the stationing of troops here, or the retainingof them hero in wartime, or the sending of cruisers into our waters. These should be a matter of prior arrangement and treaty between the two Governments, and each Go vernment should hold itself to its obli gations in this respect precisely in the same way as in dealings with foreign nations. Thus, instead of complicating tho machinery of political intercourse between the colonies and the mother country, a3 the projectors of the con ference proposed, the proper thing at the present time is to simplify this in tercourse, and make it as expeditious and. as mutually profitable t# I^oth sides as it is possible to be. Earl Granville, in the interview which he accorded to the projectors of the conference on the 15th December, whilst he showed how impracticable and worthless the pro ject was, repeated once more, what he has so often before conveyed, namely, that Great Britain had no wish to part with her colonies, but that if any of them wished to go, the Imperial Go vernment would not seek bv force to re tain them. And since this is the very philosophic tone of the Imperial dispo sition towards the colonies, it should be all the more easy to settle our mutual relations tit once on the free and ex pansive basis we have referred to. 