S U M M A li Y ron EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament being in recess, compara- tively but few incidents of importance have transpired in tlio political world. The Ministry assuming office in the middle of a session, with but little time afforded them for consultation, and con- stantly assailed by the moat virulent and factious opposition, had up to the prorogation of Parliament but little time to devote to the ordinary duties of their respective departments. Since tlie rising of Parliament they have therefore been busily engaged with the ordinary routine of Government, and also in preparing for the coming session. It will be remembered that at the elections which followed the acceptance of office by the Macpherson Cabinet only one law officer was appointed, and two of its members-'Mr. Byrne, the Treasurer, and Mr. Reeves, the Com- missioner of Public Works-were de- feated by the constituencies to which they respectively appealed. They, how- ever, continued to hold office during the sittings of Parliament, as it would have been extremely inconveniont to have sup- plied their places, and thus to have rendered it necessary for two other members of Parliament to go to the country. Soon after the termination of the session, however, these two gentlemen resigned, and the question of the reconstruction of the Ministry was taken into consideration. The Opposition journals were filled with rumours to the effect that no member could be found who would accept office; but the absurdity of such a statement was soon proved by the announcement that the Hon. B. C. Aspinall had been sworn in as Solicitor General, Mr. Graham Berry as Treasurer, and Mr. W. M'Lellan as Commissioner of Public Works. It ia understood that Mr. Byrne will still retain a seat in the Cabinet, though without office. Mr. Jenner, who has hitherto represented the Ministry in the Upper House, will it is expected resign Ms portfolio, though he will continue to support the Govern- ment. His successor has not yet been mentioned. The three gentlemen who have just joined the Government are all old politicians. Mr. Aspinall has several times held office before, and both Mr. Berry and Mr. M'Lellan have been in Parliament for a number of years. The constituency of >3t. Kilda has al- ready returned Mr. Aspinall unopposed, and no doubt is entertained of the re- election of Mr. M'Lellan. Mr. Graham Berry, however, will meet with a violent opposition at Geelong Weat, as the Opposition is mustering the whole of its strength to secure his defeat. A Mr. Rüther foi d lxao boon selected as Mr. Graham Berry's opponent. Mr. Rutherford comes out .under the immediate patronage of Mr. Cunningham, a person who some time ago rendered himself notorious by advo- cating and insisting on the right of the Legislative Assembly to vote, if it so chose, £10,000, or any other sum, to a personage not usually mentioned in polite circles. It remains to be seen whether the electors of Geelong West will submit to the dictation of such an individual. There is little doubt but that the Government of Mr. Macpherson has gained ground in the esteem of the public since its first formation, Par- liament is convened for the despatch of business on the loth of February. The Ministry might very fairly have taken a longer recess than the six weeks which will intervene between the close of the session of 1869 and the commencement of that of 1870, but their-action in thus early calling the Legislature to- gether is at any rate indicative of a desire to transact the business and promote the interests of N (the colony, as well as of a determination not to adopt the pernicious practice of tlioir predecessors, and leave unliqui- dated for months together the t public liabilities. Although, of course, no- thing can with any certainty be known relative to such a matter, it is not im proballe that, should Ministers be met with such an opposition as will render impossibly the progress of legislation, a disBolutiou may take place at a very early date. The new Land Act comes into ope- ration to-morrow, the 1st of February. The necessary regulations have al- ready been framed, and they have all apparently been prepared with a desire to promote and facilitate to the greatest possible extent the settlement of the people on the land. Already our neighbours in South Australia are anti- cipating a considerable exodus of the population from that country to Vic- toria, in consequence of the superior attractions afforded by the land law of this colony, but it ÍB from Great Britain that the colonists are anxiously expect- ing a healthy stream of immigration, commensurate to the requirements of the country and the advantages it offers. During the month the Ministry have been entertained at two public banquets -one at Eaglehawk, in the Mandu r rang district, and the other at Cans- ía brook, in the Maryborough district. At both places their reception was most satisfactory, and significant of the chango that has taken place in'public opinion. The revenue returns for last year are very satisfactory. Compared with 1808 they_ show an increase of £187,982, % and it would have been still more had the Macpherson Government followed the example of their predecessors, and forced sales of the land of the colony at auctWn, They, however, adopted a more prudent policy, and thus, whilst the M'Culloch Administra- tion in the last quarter of 18G8 received £117,501 from the alienation of the public _ territory, the present Govern- ment in the corresponding period of 1869 obtained from the same source only £46,565. The Customs revenue for the year showed an increase of £116,318 over the estimate formed by the Treasurer at the commencement of the twelve months. The Royal commission to further inquire into the late administration of the Lands department has not yet boen appointed, but it is expected that the names of its members will be announced in the course of a few days. The weather lias been, and not without reason, a somewhat prominent topic of con- versation this month. We have again had some very trying days, and this summer will be remembered as one of the hottest wo have ever experienced, Twice in Melbourne the thermometer has reached 107° in the shade, and on many other days tho morcury has stood at 100° and upwards. At Sandhurst and Echuca, and other inland towns, the heat has been oven more intense. On one of the hottest of the hot days the thermometer at Echuca stood at 113° in the shade, and at Deniliquin« a town SO miles further inland, and within the territory of New South Wales, the almost incredible temperature of 117" in the shade was recorded. To the physical suffering of which the extreme heat has been the cause has been added, in most of the country dis- tricts, the distress consequent upon the loss of crops and dwellings by bush fires. These have been numerous, though not un precedentedly so, but there have been in addition in the country districts a singularly laige number of other fires, some of thom tho result of accident and others tho work of incendiaries. In one instance a whole town- ship, that of Donovan's Creek, was burnt down, A grateful change has at last taken place in the weather, and after some hours of welcome rain we have had six or seven delightfully temperate days. There had pre- viously been a brief intermission in the heat, brought about by a heavy thunderstorm which broke over Melbourne on the afternoon of the 4th January. The rain came down in torrents, causing all the stieet channels to overflow, and flooding the basement floors of many of the buildings in the lower parts of the city. In Flinders-street, near the intersection of Elizabeth-street, the water was afoot deep in tho middle of the road, and four feet in the side channels. Several other portions of the colony were visited by similar storms. The tidings of the decease of Mr. Edward Denison, M.P. for Newark, who died in Mel- bourne on the morning of the 2Gth January, will, no doubt, be received in English circles with deep regret. The deceased gentleman arrived here on the 15th January by the ship Yorkshire, and he was then in a rather precarious state. He had long suffered from a consumptive malady, and his medical advisers having recommended him to take a sea voyage, he decided upon making a trip to Australia. Unfortunately for himself, he resolved while on board ship to abstain from vegetables in order to avoid dyspepsia, and the result was a scorbutic condition of body, which seriously lowered his system. On his arrival he took up his quarters at the Mel- bourne Club, where he was professionally at- tended by Dr. D. Bird. At first, though he had begun to spit blood three weeks before his arrival, his symptoms were not very alarming, and Dr. Bird was hopeful of an improvement in his health till about a week betoie his death, when a violent attack of hemorrhage from the nose supervened, It was stopped, but the bleeding_ broke out again a day or two afterwards with increased violence. At this stage, two days of intense heat set in, which brouehr. on alni-*"!-";r=--.«. toms. Drs. Tracy and Thomas were called in rui Luiiamcuuon, out nothing could be done. The hemorrhage was stopped, but the patient never îallied fiom the consequent exhaustion, and he died shortly after 3 a.m. on Tuesday morning, the 25th January. Mr. Denison at the time of his death was only 29 years of age. As our English readers are no doubt aware, ho was the only son of the late Bishop of Salisbury, and the nephew and probable heir of the Eight Hon. J. E. Denison, Speaker of the House of Commons. Ho was also first cousin to His Excellency Viscount Canter- bury, our present Governor. The interment, which was conducted in a strictly private manner, took place at the Melbourne General Cemetery. His Excellency the Governor at- tended the funeral, and the burial service was performed by the bishop of Melbourne. The îemains have been deposited in a tempo- rary grave, to allow of disinterment, should Mr, Dcnison's relatives in England decide upon having the body sent home. Death has also removed a very old Victorian colonist, Mr. J. C. King, who for six years past has filled the office of "general manager" of The Argus, but whose connexion with the colony dates more than 30 years back. His health had long been in an unsatisfactory state, and occasional holidays and trips to the neighbouring colonies only temporarily re- stored it. During the late Christmas holidays he took another trip to Tasmania, accom- panied by his wife, bat he did not get better, and during the passage back to Melbourne his illness increased, and on the even- ing of tho 26th January he died peace- fully in his cabin. The immediate cause of death was chronic bronchitis and livei complaint. Mr. King's career began almost with the foundation of the colony. He was bom on July 10,1817, and was the son of a landed proprietor in the County Down, Ire- land, lío was educated for the Presbyterian Church, but did not join the ministry,1 and in 1838, when 21 years old, he sailed for Sydney. Being stiuck with the prospect offered by the new settlement of Port Phillip, he returned to Ireland, married, and came to Melbourne, wheic he commenced business as an auc- tioneer. He took a leadingJ part 'in the establishment of the Melbourne City Council, which was inaugurated in December, 1842, and was rewarded for his labours by being appointed as the first town clerk of Melbourne. He was a warm participator in tho agitation for the separation of Victoria from New South Wales, and for the abolitionv of transporta- tion. When it became necessary to send delegates to represent, the ' Australasian Anti-Transportation League in Englaud, Mr. King, who had previously resigned his town-clerkship, went home in <that capacity, leaving Melbourne for London in 1831\. After the league had ceased ita opera- tions he employed himself at home iu various ways until 1857, when he returned to Mel- bourne, and commenced business with his brother as dcalor in ironmongery, in Collins stieet. He soon afterwards entered riolitics, and at the general election in 1859, which fol- lowed the passage of the act of Parliament i increasing the popular representation, he stood for Evelyn, and was returned. When Pailiament met, the second O'shanassy Ad- ministration was overthrown, and Mr. Nicholson was called upon to form a new Cabinet, which included Mr. King, who took office as Commissioner of Public Works. Unfortunately for him, however, the career thus opened îeceived a severe chock. Business difficulties supervened, and these led to his resignation of office. He never again entored politics. In 1804 ho accepted the office of business manager of The Argus, and retained it till the day of his death. His remains were interred in the family grave in the Old Cemetery. , What is in some quarters regarded as an arbitrary exercise of authority on the 'part of theProtestantbishop of Melbourne, Dr. Perry, has been exciting a groat deal of discussion. The object of Dr. Perry's displeasure is the Rev. Howland Hayward, who has been in deacon's orders for 13'years, and for sevon*years has had charge of tho parish of Kew, where he has laboured with great assiduity and success. Having failed, hotv over, to satisfy t\x<¡ bishop by his answers to a series of categorical quostious re- specting certain doctrinal points, his lordship has informed him that ho can nove'r be or- dained as a priest, and that as the parish of Kew can no longer bo left under the charge of a deacon, his licenco will he revoked on tho 31st March next. As tho bishop will not pppoint Mr. Hayward to another cure, this is equivalent to expulsion from the diocese. The points of doctrino upon which Mr. Hay- ward has not been, able to satisfy tho bishop, havo been made knpwn by his lordship in a letter to the Church Messenger, but no formal proceedings havo been taken ; and ob- jection has been justly taken to the'expul of a minister from the church in Victoria for the dioceso of Melbourne includes the whole colony-merely becauso his opinions on certain subjects do not agree with those of Iho bishop. Those who arc inclined to support Dr. Perry in the step ho has taken de- fend his conduct on the ground that the parishioners of Kew made application for the appointment of a priest to the incumbency, and that the bishop could not conscientiously ordain Mr. Hayward. The matter willno doubt be fully discussed during the ensuing session of the Church of England Assembly of Victoria, which opens on the 1st February. An inquiry into the management and dis- cipline of H.M.V.S. Nelson training ship has been made by a Government boara, con- sisting of Mr. R. H. Budd, inspector-general of schools \ Captain J. Smith, of Sandridge ; and Captain J. K. Freyer, of Williamstown. The first part of the investigation was open to the public, and related to certain specific charges brought by Captain'Payne, the commander of the vessel, against the schoolmasters, and counter charges by them against Captain Payne, who was accused of ill-treating the boys under his care,, and of failing to carry out a proper system of dis- cipline and moral training, Tho charges made by Captain Payne against the school- master (Mr. Boyes) of want of system and oiganisation in the school, cruelty to some of the boys, and insubordination to superior officers, were to a great extent proved, and the hoard has sent in a report on this branch of the case. Its vague and unde- cided character, however, has caused it to be received with much dissatisfaction, which has been increased by the ' course adopted by the board of conducting a further and lengthy investigation into the manage- ment of the vessel with closed doors. The board has not yet sent in its general report, and the public are in ignorance of the result of its inquiries, but the specific charges made by the schoolmasters agaist Captain Payne were utterly unsupported by the evidence brought forward. The Flying Squadron, under Admiral Hornby's command, arrived at Hobart Town, Tasmania, from Sydney, on Sunday, January 2nd. The welcome given to the squadron by the island colony was not less hearty than that which the visit of Her Majesty's ships to Melbourne and Sydney evoked. The squadron sailed from Hobart Town for New Zealand on the 10th January. Previous to doparfcure, tho Barrosa visited the port of Melbourne to pick up a few deserters. ¡ A now Victorian flag, which, at the sugges- tion of the Admiralty, has been designed as the distinguishing mark of the Victorian mer- cantile navy, has been formally adopted by the Government. The ensign will havo five white stars on the blue ground, and the " jack" five white stars in the cross of St. George, which forms the central line of the pattern. Tho new ilag is to be inaugurated at a sort of Ministerial banquet to bo given on board the Nelson at an early date. Returns have been published showing that the Customs revenue of Victoria collected in 1809 amounted to £1,516,713. This sum is £110,318 in excess of the estimated receipts. Steps havo beon taken by the Government to bring to an issue the dispute which has existed for some 12 years past between tho Governments of Victoria and New South Wales respecting the title of either colony to certain islands in tho Murray-notably1 Pental Island. The question depends chiofly, on the point whether that island is separated from Victoria by the main waters or only by an ana- branch of the Murray. At the suggestion of the Duke of Buckingham when Secretary of State for the Colonies, it was arranged when the late Ministry were in office that commis- sioners should be appointed by each Govern- ment to tako evidence and report'to the Imperial authorities. Accordingly, Mr. E. Deas Thomson has been appointed commis- sioner by the Now South Wales Government, and the Chief Secretary here has asked Mr. O'shanassy to act for Victoria. The commis- sion will sit in Sydney. | Much reeret has been caused hero by the UinlöUncGHibiii, ;«ií..,i,»v,J iv.OKic£Ooi.i&wtiy; through a private telegram Í**,.¿. «" v».'Juu, of the death of Captain Norman, R.N., at Ramsgate. When the intelligence became known, the ships in Hobson's Bay exhibited the usual signs of mourning out of respect to ího deceased gentleman. I The Government are adopting measures to open up the Gipps Land district by removing as far as possible the obstructions to the navi- gation of the lakes which intersect that fertile portion of the colony. The Public Works de- partment lately accepted tenders for jcutting a channel through a sandbank or neck of land about 300ft. wide at Jemmy's Point, in a line with Mount Baritly, some miles from the present entrance to the lakes at Cunning- hame. The estimated cost of this portion of the work is £2,000 ; but to carry out the whole of the improvements proposed, which' will be proceeded with by degrees, a total expendi- ture of some £20,000 will probably | be re- quired. Despatches havo been sent, via England, to the United States by Mr. F. Cook, the manager of the Polynesia Company at Fiji, requesting the United States Government to grant their protection over the islands. A petition to that effect has been extensively signed in Fiji, Sydney, and Victoria. The island of Viti Levu, the largest of the Fiji group, will be made a port of call by the pro- posed line of steamers from San Francisco to these colonies. The Polynesia Company are preparing to open out their new townships of Suva and Cookton, in anticipation of this event. The success of the Artisans' School of Design in Melbourne, not only with re- gard to numbers, but with regard to the progress of its students, is becom- ing every week more remarkable. At the last meeting there were no fewer than 122 pupils present, of whom 43 werq newly enrolled, and some of the work produced in the different classes would be considered creditable in a school much longer established. A similar institution has beon established at Emerald-hill, and the roll already numbers nearly 100 members. A Victorian Academy of Art has lately boon formed, having for its object the holding of exhibitions of works of art, the formation of an art union, and the establishment of a life school for the study of the living ¡model. It was resolved at a meeting of tuejpromo ters, presided over by Mr. J. A. Panton, to form an association under this name, artd a committee was appointed to draw up rules, for submission to a future meeting. The gentlemen present (about' 20) then enrolled themselves as membors,r and the meeting adjourned. < I The s.s. Pharos, having beon found| unsuit- able for the Admiralty Survey, is to be sold to the highest bidder, and H.M.C.S. Victoria, which is well adapted for the service, em- ployed in her place. 'Tho Pharos, winch was built at the Government Shipping-yards at Williamstown, cost nearly twice as mpch as a really serviceable vessel could have bpen ob- tained for in the open market, and proved so unseaworthy and clumsy that she could not even carry the buoys that she was required to lay down when she was first brought into use for harbour and lighthouse service. | Tenders have been called for the'convey- ance to England of the second battalion of the 14th Regiment, now in garrison hero. Tho battalion numbera about 27 officers and 400 non-commissioned officers and man. Two now wards, named Albert and Vic- toria, have recently beon added to tho city. Three representatives havo been elected for each, increasing the number of members of the City Council to 28. j One of the largest fires known in Mel- bourne occurred on" the night of tho 6th January, when Mills's saw-mills and ¡timber yard and I. Solomon and Co.'s store,' full of malt, hops, sacks, resin, &c;, were destroyed. Fortunately the oxertions of the firemen saved the surrounding proporty. Tho sight presented by the combustion of such a mass of inflammable substance < wa,s strik- ingly grand, the white flames from the resin being of wonderful brilliancy and fierceness. In terrible . picturesqueness the scene was unapproachable. -The country was lighted up all round to a prodigious distance, and so far did the illumination 'extend, that persons near tho Junction] Hotol, St. Kilda, three or four miles distant,, it was said could see to read a newspapor. Mr. Mills was insured for about £1,500 on his machinery, and about £0,000 on his stock, making altogether £8,000, which will about cover his loss. The insurance was divided as follows :-Victoria-office, £2,000 (they, how- ever, ro-insured for £1,000 ; Australasian, £2,250 ; Tasmanian, £500 ; Sydney, £1,500: and National, £l,7o0. Messrs. Solomon and Co. were insured for £5,000 in the Austral- asian office, but payment of tho premium has beon refused, on the ground that the insurers did not acquaint the company of the nature of their stock when insuring. An inquiry was held by the city coroner, but tho origin of tho fire has not been discovered. Almost all tho kinds of English liver fish introduced into the colony by tho Acclimati- sation Society, seem to thrive well in these waters. Mention was made the other month of the satisfactory increase of tho blown trout at Mount Macedon, and the curatori of the society's fish-breeding ponds has! lately given a very glowing account of tho trout hatched this year at that establishment. Tho way in which 20 English roach, placed in the Middle Gully railway reservoir in 18G3, have multiplied is another proof of the success of these experiments in acclima- tisation. Mr. Dixon, the gentleman in charge of the water supply at Middle Gully, states that the reservoir now abounds with tho progeny of the parent fish. The remark- able size which numbers of them have at- tained in so short a time is in Mr. Dixon's opinion worth the notice of ichthyologists. A fish of 2Jlb. carno under his immediate notice, and he had heard-from a source which he could not disbelievo-of another specimen of 41b. weight. In Tasmania, the trout have now attained a large sizo. During the visit of the Fljitig Squadron to Hobart Town two of those fish, caught in the ponds at tho Plenty, were served up at tho vice- regal table on the occasion of a banquet to Admiral Hornby and the officers of the squadron. One was 22in. long, and 13in. in girth, weighing 01b. The other was 21in. long, and 12in. in girth, and weighed 5Ub. If a report communicated to the Melbourne Anglers, Society bo correct, the attempt to introduce the salmon into Victorian waters has been moio successful than was imagined. At the last meeting of the society one of tho mem- bers present stated that he had heard of two leal salmon being taken-one of 141b. off Port Albert, and another of 71b. near Queens- cliff. Inquhies are being made to ascertain tho truth of these statements. Arrangements havo been made for the de- livery, during the next six months, of a series of lectures similar in character to those which wore so successfeil at tho Princess's Theatre. They will be six in number, and will be given at intervals of a month, in the town-hall, Prahran, in aid of the building fund of St. George's Church, Malvorn. Mr. P. L. J. Ellery will commence tho series in February, to be followed by the Hon. B. C. Aspinall, tho Piev, Dr. Bromby, Mr. James Smith, tho Bishop of Melbourne, and tho Rev. T. C. Cole. Independently of these, a lecture is promised by tho Hon. C. G. Duffy, upon the subject, "Why is Ireland Poor and Discontented ?" It has been twice postponed, and its delivery is now announced for tho 10th February, at the Trades-halt, Mel- bourne. Active steps are being taken for the esta- blishment of a School of Minos and Mining Museum at Ballarat. The promoters oE the institution have obtained the lease of the Old Court-house, at Ballarat West, from the Government, at a nominal rent, and by Easter a mining school will probably b8 in full operation. A mining museum of models and machinery will bo added as soon as funds have been raised for the erection of the necessary buildings. Another 'coal field has been discovered in Tasmania, by Mr. Andrews, contractor, on the line of tho Mersey and Deloraine Tram- way, as it passes from Railston ¡towards Caro- line Creek. It appears that the/workmen in earring out the works had exposed a seam of what is described as " a magnificent coal." Tho directors sank a shaft fully testing tl)e quantity and value of the coal, the seam having been traced along the line for three miles ; and Mr. Andrews having examined tho mino and shaft made an offer to the directors to lease tho mine,, paying the company a royalty, and the .offer has been accepted. An alleged mining swindle in Tasmauia lia? created a good deal of excitement in that colony. A claim on the Great TMmaniari^RJ£ñ'^uWri1tírjWiKfVf^VeXo.ní;inji -ÍÜ,KSBO*to Captain Tulloch and Messrs. Murphy and Hudson, on the strength of cei tain rich specimens of quartz exhibited to the purchasers, A subsequent examina- tion of tho mine convinced the buyers that they had been imposed upon by the exhibition of specimens which had never been taken from the reef, and aprosecution for fraud has been instituted against Ellis'and his partner's agent, a person named Mullen. A warrant has also been issued for the apprehension of Pilson, who is believed to be in Victoria. Thomas Webb Draper, tho late accountant at the Commercial Bank, Melbourne^ whoso committal on tho charge of embezzling tho funds of the bank was noticed last month, has been committed for trial on two fresh charges-viz. for forgery, and for obtaining money by false pretences. The forgery consisted in writing tho name of Mr. G. O. Babtie, of M'Kersie and Co. to a pay-slip for £3,000, with the object of reducing an overdraft of £3,189 0s. 7d. which had beeu allowed by Draper contrary to the express orders of the bank manager, and which he had been told ho would have to pay himself. Tho pay-slip pul ported to bo iota cheque for £3,000, which was represented as being drawn by Mr. Babtie on the Union Bank ; but it was proved in court that Babtie had never drawn such a cheque, nor given any money or cheque to Draper to pay into tho bank. In tho other case Draper had de- frauded the bank by paying in to the accouut of Clarke and Co., to whom ho owed1 £1,000, a slip' representing i that amount. This sum was drawn out by Clarke and Co. the same day, though no money had been paid in by Draper, as represented by the slip, In order to make the books balance, Draper, at the closo of the day, entered against the sums of £3,000 and £1,000 a fiotitious remittance to the Colonial Bank at London for £4,000, and the books consequently balanced. A f urthor chargo of forging tho debit-slip of this retnit . tance was withdrawn, though'tho slip was produced, and an additional charge of larceny was also allowed to go. No application was made for bail, and tho prisoner wai conse- quently sent to gaol to await his trial at the sessions. i , , A strange case, involving a dispute as, to the parentage of a child, has boen heard in the Melbourne City Police Court. A middle aged woman, who when young must have been very good looking, appeared to answer a charge which hor own daughtor preferred against her, of kidnapping a girl seven years old, alleged to bo the complainant's child, and grandchild of the defendant. The de- fence was that the child belonged to the de- fendant, and not to her daughtor, but the daughter stated on oath that tho child was hera, and that her mother wanted to make a man with whom sho had been, cohabiting marry her, by getting him to believo that tho child was hors by him. Tho caso was ono with which the Supremo Court only was com- petent to deal, and the magistrates wore obliged, thereforo, to dismiss tho com- plaint, I A house decorator named Charles Jamos Davies,La passenger by the/Yorkshire, from London to, Melbourne,' was arrestod on the arrival of the vessel in Hobson's Bay on tho charge of forging a money-order for £81 Is. 6d, in the name of Charles Wilkinson, of No. 52 Thornton-street, Southwark, Sunny. His arrest was made on the strength o£ a warrant signed on the 5th Novombor, 18(50, by Mr. Partridge, police magistrate at Southwark, anti endorsed by the Chief Justice of Victoria. After an argument as to tho legality of the proceedings, tho magistrates ordered the pri- soner to bo detained in custody until the departure of the first vessel for London, when ho will bo sont on board in charge of Detective Meiklejohn, a London officer, who carno out by tho last mail armed with Mr. Partridge's warrant. AVilliams and Payment,! two persons who were ongaged in October last in the endoavour to establish in Melbourne a Colonial Plate gloss Insurance Company, havo had their names brought before the public as the actora in a rather questionable transaction. ' It ap ' pears that alter engaging offices in Melbourne these persons, instead of devoting their energies to the so called company,' set up a wine' and spirit store in Brunswick street, Fitzroy, AVilliams being i tile mer- chant and Rayment his managed The stock, to ,tho value of £1,400, ,,vfas ob- tained upon credit from different Mel- bourne houses, including Messes, M'Ewan and Co., Whittingham Brothers, and John Levy ; but when tho bills given in payment for the goods became duo, Williams! disap- peared, having previously sold his stock-in trado to his laanaser. Rayment. The credi- tors then applied to Rayment for payment of the money owing to them by Williams, and Rayment, in the course of the same day on which ho was applied to, sold off the busi- ness and stock to a Mr. Willison, and in his turn disappeared. The creditors have now taken proceedings to sequestrate Williams's estate, with the view of getting back the un- sold portion of their'goods. A warrant has been issued for tho apprehension of Rayment for obtaining goods under false pretences, but it is believed ho has made his escape from tho colony. At the villago of Flinders, Western Port Bay, which is now of importance as tho point where the Tasmanian telegraph cable leaves the shores of Victoria, a gathering of all the inhabitants of tho neighbourhood has taken place, in celebration of the discovery of Western Port by Mr. Bass, who, 72 years ago, started from Sydney with a party of six volunteers, in a whaleboat, on a voyage of exploration, and entering Bass's Straits for the fiist time, discovered Western Port, on the 4 th January, 1798. J The annual meetings of the various cha ritablo institutions of Melbourne have been held, including the Melbourne Hospital, the Benevolent Asylum, tho Orphan Asylum, the Ladies' Benevolent Society, the Asylum and School for the Blind, 4¿c. Tho reports presented havo been of a favourable cha- racter. Ariangemonrs are in progress for the amal- gamation of the two Jewish congregations which assemble for Divine worship in Mel- bourne, and in the evont of this amalgama- tion being effected it is intended to orect a magnificent synagogue, similar in character to the temple at Berlin, on the very advan- tageous site now occupied by the Princess's Theatre, in Spring- street. The foundation-stone of a chapel which is intended to be an adjunct to the Abbotsford Convent, East Collingwood, has been laid by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, vicar-general of the Roman Catholic Church in Victoria. It is to be a chapel in memory of the late found- ress and nuns of the order of the religious sisters of the Good Shepherd in this colony. Tho Melbourno Mechanics' Institute, judg- ing from the report and balance- sheet pre- sented at the annual meeting a few days ago, has made considerable progress during tho past year. About 120 new members havo joined, and the liabilities at tho end of tho year had been reduced from £190 to £90. The circulation of periodicals during tho year had been 10,278, and of books, 13,014. The Melbourno Philharmonic Society, which at one timo was never out of financial difficulties, has boon going on much more satisfactorily of late. At the annual meeting, held recently, it appeared from the report of the committee that tho society was out of debt, and had a balance in the bank of £10 13s. 6d. The assets were £318, and the lia- bilities nil. Of the performances during the past year, the oratorios had been (oxcept the "Messiah") financially a failure, but the other concerts were successful. A free reading-room has been opened at Sandridge for the convenience of tho seamen frequenting the port, Some new police buildings, for the accom- modation of the detective force, aro about to be erected in Melbourne, at the corner of Russell-street aud Flinders-lane. A melancholy accident has occurred at Huntly, near Sandhurst, resulting in the loss of two lives-a father and his son. One after- noon, while it was very hot, a lad, the son of a miner named William Snowden Osbourne, went to the large dam of the Telegraph Com- pany to have a swim. He had not been in long before he was seen to be drowning, and before help could reach him he sank beneath the surface of the water, to rise no more alive. The intelligence was immediately conveyed to his father, who, on hearing of what had occurred, became nearly frantic, ran to the dam, plunged into the water, and after diving several times, succeeded in discovering the body of his son, which he brought to tho bank, though, from his exertions, he was in a very exhausted state. The body was then conveyed to the parents' residence, where life wa3 declared to be extinct by a medical man who had beon summoned. Meanwhile the father of the deceased lad was taken most in ;' and, despite the efforts to restore ins tranquillity, he gradually sank, and expired, scarcely moro than an hour after his dead son was taken home to the bereaved and now widowed mother. It was discovered by me- dical examination that the father had died from heart disease, accelerated by the excite- ment he underwent. A determined attempt at suicide was made a few days ago by a woman, who jumped off the Falls-bridge, near the Melbourne ter- minus of the Hobson's Bay Railway, into the Yarra, and in tho fall broke her arm and sustained a few bruises. She was taken to the hospital in a state of insensibility. _ A revolting outrage has beon committed at East Collingwood. On the night of the 19th January an olderly woman named Mrs. Schweder, residing at Regent- street, was in- duced to leave her home on tho íepresonta tion of 'a young man named Michael Hast- ings, and two companions, all under 19 years of age ostensibly for the purpose of at- tending a woman in her confinement. On the way, Hastings, having parted company with the lads who wore with him in the first instance, took the woman to an open and deserted piece of ground, and accord- ing to tho statement of the prosocutrix committed upon her a capital offence, accompanied by violence. His two com- panions, who seem to have kept Hastings in sight most of the time, then carno up, and one after the other committed a similar outrage upon the woman. Information having been given to the police, Hastings was arrested two hours afterwards in the locality, but his com- panions succeeded in effecting their escape. Hastings has been proceeded against at the East Collingwood ' Police Court, and com- mitted for trial. His confederates have not yet been arrested. A man named William Davis has been committed for trial for a murder which ho is, presumed to havo perpetrated at Blue Creek, in the Kyneton district. A woman with whom he had been living, whom he had boon in the habit of ill- treating, and whom he had been heard to threaten, disappeared suddenly some time ago. Her remains have just been found, and the medical evidenco showed that death had been tho result of violence. A very sudden death occurred the other day at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Bourke street, Melbourne. A solicitor's clerk named William Holmer walked into the hotel some- what rapidly, though with a shaky step, and went out to the back, after having almost fallen several times. He was seen to lean against a door, and was made to sit down. In a few minutes he was missed, and shortly afterwards discovered at the back ' of the hotel quite dead. The cause of death was heart disease. An old resident of tho Ovens district, Mr. George Thompson, postmaster ' and hotel keeper at Murmungee, whilst riding in com- pany with two friends towards tho Ovens River a short time ago, lost command> of his horso/and.'was thrown with such violoncc against a telegraph-post as to be killoe^ THE WEATHER. The weather during the month, though as a rule seasonable and at times pleasant, has been extremel variable and tho transitions .from intenso heat and hot winds to cold breezes and heavy rains, uuusually sudden and of frequent occurrence. On the 3rd hist., after a continuance of fino weather, such as those enjoying the Christmas and Now Year's holidays might fairly felicitato themselves upon, wo wore visitod by a severo thunderstorm, accompa- nied by lightning and followed by such heavy rain that tho low-lying streets of the city wore quickly subraorged and rondered impassable for pedestrians. Tim raiufall for about six hours reached l'40in. Just previous to the thunderstorm tho ther- mometer îegistorod 9G° in tho shado, and in less than 24 hours subsoquontly the temperature fell to 48 9". For a week afturwai ds tho weather lemained tdlorably mild, but on tho 10th, 11th, and 12th tho heat was'with difficulty endurablo. ¡On tho last-mentioned .date tho 'temperature in the, shade was registered at 104'L On the suc- ceeding day the wind, which had boon blow- ing'from the north, voorcd round I to tho south,' from which quarter it blew strongly for somo time. Having abated, heat again set in, and continued with but slight inter mission until about the 23rd, when the Government Astronomer gavo the thermo mctrical reading at the Observatoiy as being -maximum in the sun, 140'5o ; in the shado, 107°. On the following day this was ex- ceeded, and was the hottest day of the season, with one exception, namely, the 20th of De- cember last, when the reading of the ther- mometer was-maximum in. the sun, 15:2° ; in the shade, 108'4°. The intonso heat and sultriness was succeeded by a welcome chango on the 25th, when thero was a heavy fall of rain, tho amount collected in about eight hours being 172in. The rain extended round tho coast to Adelaide, whero tho fall was unpreccdentedly heavy. A cold wind followed, after which tho weather became, and has continued, cool and pleasant. l COLONIAL PRODUCE. The vaiious colonial products with which our markets are supplied form a very impor- tant portion of the merchandise doily doalt in at fluctuating prices. Flour is supplied from the local mills at £1210s. por ton ; bran, Is. 5d. per bushel ; pollard, Is. 8d. per bushel ; meat, £22 per ton ; and pearl barley, £28 per ton. There is an abundant supply of hay this season, and it is now selling at from £3 to £410s. ; straw being quoted at from £210s. to £2 15s. The retail market roports bear very favourable comparison, as regards tho principal articles of daily consumption, with the English prices. Beef is to bo had at lrom 3d. to Gd. per lb. ; mutton, Ud. to 4d. ; veal, Gd. ; and pork, 8d. AVith beef and mutton at these prices it is easy to soo that the industrious labourer need have little to fear on tho score of good living. Fowls aro sold at from 4s. Od. to 5s. Gd. per pair ; goese, 8s. do. ; ducks, 4s. to 5s. do. ; turkeys, 12s. to 20s. do. ; cheese, 8d. to lOd. per lb. ; eggs, Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. per dozen ; butter, Is. Iel. to Is. 3d. per lb. ; bread, 7d. per 41b. loaf ; milk, Gd. per quart ; ham, Is. to Is. 2d. Eer lb. ; bacon, lOd. to Is. per lb. ; oney, Gd. to 9d. per lb. It will bo seen from these price lists that many of tho leading necessaries of life, including meat and bread, are below the English charges, and vegetables aro also sold at rates within tho reach of tho pooiest. Asparagus is sold at from Is. Gd. to 2s. Gd. per 100 ; kidney beans, 3Ad. to 4d. per lb. ; cabbages, la. to 5s. per dozen ; carrots, 8d. to Is. pur dozen bunches ; lettuce, Gd. to Is. por dozen ; parsnips, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; peas, 2d. to 3d. per lb. ; potatoes, 3s. to 4s. porewt. ; turnips, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches ; toma- toes, 4d, to Gd. per lb. ; vegotable marrows, Is Gd. to 3s. per dozen. The fruit market is well, stocked in season, our own resources being constantly supplemented by consign- ments from the neighbouring colonies of Tasmania and Queensland. Apples are now selling at from 2d. to Gd. per lb. ; apricots, Id. to 2d. per lb. ; damsons, 2d. per lb. ; figs, Gd. to 8d, per dozen ; grapes, 3d. to Gd. per lo. ; mulberries, 4d. to Gd. per lb. ; nectarines. 3d. to Gd. a dozen ; peaches, Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen ; pears, lid. to 4d. per lb. ; plums, lid. to Gd. per lb. ; raspberries, 8d. to lOd. per lb. ; and strawborries, Gd. to Is. per lb. Agriculturists are enabled to obtain bone dust, phosphoric potash, and other patent manures, at £G 10s. per ton, bags includod. AGRICULTURE. . Tho cutting and getting-in of the crops is now finished, excepting a few patches in tho late districts, and the thrashing-machines are all at full woik, These are letting us know exactly what the harvest has been, and al- though on tho whole tho yield will average pretty well, this in many instances is far below what tho owners wero led to expect from tho appearance of their crops when nearly ripo. Then tho prospect was splen- did everywhere, and it was fully be- lieved that the harvest would bo tho greatest ever gathered in these colonies, but some exceedingly hot weather in December blighted much of tho grain, especially the wheat with the grain just filling ; and fiom many parts of this colony, and from nearly tho whole of South Australia, complaints are now numerous and loud. Fields that pro- mised 30 bushels to tho acre are only yielding from 10 to 15, half this again being const durffrl"<ua/v>& ninx^i>»,>J»'»ua-«'^3*\UKo«.«lwA n/vls,t,ii^ Eected to amount to only from four to six usliols to tho acre. The season has ^beeu a very peculiar one. The winter* was d17, after a dry autumn, but the spring was showery in all the colonies, causing such a Hush of vegetation as is rarely seen, even under this stimulating climate. In South Australia the rainfall was on the whole light, and the ground lacking moisture, the crops were prematurely ripened at the fust approach of hot weather. In this colony the rains 'of October and November weie heavy enough to bring up tho total fall of the year to the average of 10 years past, viz. 24rjin. It was theiefore supposed that the rain, coming so late, would have left moisture enough in the giound to mature the crops fully, however hot the summer might be, but December gave us somo scorching days, befoie which no crops could stand uninjured. For- tunately, howover, the grain was cut in some of the early districts previous to the very hottest weather, so that we have still to chronicle many good yields, such as from 30 to 40 bushels an acre of wheat, and from 40 to 50 of oats, with an occasion average of even more for Cape barley. As the season has been a peculiar one, so December by it- self was a peculiar month, the mean tempo» aturo being tho highest recorded for the last eleven years, while the rainfall near Mel- bourne was two inches below the averago of the month during the same period. The effect of such great heat'with'so little rain may be imagined, and as soon as this became apparent to'business men, tho decline in tho value of grain ceased. New South AVales alone of the threo colonies appears to have had weather to please t,ho farmers, and the crops gathered theio are said to be the best saved for several years past. It was feared that tho prices obtainable for wheat and oats during the noxt few mouths would be too low to remunerate the glower, but tho old stocks of these, as well as of Hour, were so nearly ex- hausted that there is now no fear of a surplus, and tho new crop is coming into consumption largelywithoutanyrencwea decline Therefore tho farmers are plucking up their spirits agaiu, and aro beginning to think their occupation will pay for a while longer. Notwithstanding the weather difficulties-now, we trust, nearly over-this will bo truly a season of plenty. Corn wo must have in abundanco for our own use, as the area sown with grain was much larger last year than over before ; fruit and vegetables aro as cheap and flue as ever, and the supply of meat seems inexhaustible this^ year. Although until last week wo havo had little rain near town since tho setting in of, the great heat, thero havo been soveral breaks in tho weather, and most parts of the interior havo been visited at intorvals by heavy rains of some hours' duration. ' Those have kept the grass growing, and although the extension of our meat-preserving busi- ness has required somo 25,000 fat sheep, and a proportionate numbor of fat cattle, over and above what used to serve at our weekly markets, this fast-increasing demand is so íeadily met that prices have undergone 110 chango. AA'itli íegard to mcat-prosoiving esta- blishments, at is not too much to supposa that 50,000 sheep aro now passed through these every week, to re-appear in England in the form of casks of tallow and tins of preserved meat. At this rate wo willsoon disposo of our two millions and a half of shoep in the year, and that proportion of our increase can.be spared with advantage. Tho only question is as to their keeping fat enough to be ope- rated upon, and at presont the interioris full of fat stock, both cattlo and sheep, with littlo or no prospect now of tho grass failing this summer. If this much can bo done 111 one small colony, without any ad vaneo lin tho prico of the law material, English readers may supposo that this meat-presorviug is about to becomo a vast business in this part of the world. i¡t MEAT-PRESERVING. The encouraging news received by tho last few mails of tho rapidity with which Austra. lian presorvod moats aro overcoming tho pre- judices which impeded their first introduction into England is producing resulta wh'ch will shortly causo the iiew industry to bo 'ranked amongst tho most important and successful yet established in tho colony. During tho last month moro than ono now company has commenced operations on an oxtensivb scale, and other enterprises of a similar character are project* d or in course of formation. Tho markets remain very favourable to buyers, and the late rains give overy prospect of tho supply of fat stock continuing plentiful tlnoughout the autumn. A now and promising meat-preserving company, styled tho Australian Meat-preserving Company (Limited), has just been launched in Mel-, bourne, and tho share-list is filling up so rapidly that the provisional diiectors think of commencing work early in March. The promoter of tho company, and future manager, is Mr. Patrick Hayes, who early in " 18G8 preserved a quantity of meat in Clb. tins, some of which was shipped to England by tho Somersetshire in August of that year. A portion was oponed in England, and pro- nounced to ho of first-class quality, and the remninder on its return to the colony was subsequently opened at the Criterion Hotel in June lost, and found to bo in oxcellent condition. Somo more of the moat preserved at the same timo was openedin November last, and found in splendid order. The company is to consist of 2,000 shares, of £5 each. A suit- able site at Footscray, on the Saltwater River, with the necessary buildings, plant, and ap- pliances, will be thrown in to the company by Mr. Hayes, who is prepared to accept 200 paid-up shares for his interest, so that there will be no delay in getting to work. The companies established at Warrnambool and Echuca have already commenced operations, and bid fair to bo highly successful. The foimer, from its situation, will bo enabled to intercept many flocks of fat sheep destined for Melbourne. Somo meat presorved by the Ballurat Company and tinned somo nine months ago, was opened some weeks back, and found in excellent condition. Tt can bo sold in London boneless for öd. a pound. All that ¡tis necessary to say with respect to the metropolitan companies is that they are con- ducting their business with their usual vigour, and that such a large local demand is spring- ing up for the Melbourno Meat-preserving Company's meats that tho manufacturing re- sources of the company are sevorely taxed. If tho demand increases and the exports for England continue as large as at present, it will soon be found necessary to onlargo tho manufacturing piemises on the Saltwater River. It is satisfactory to mention that this company havo instituted an inquiry into the lumour which obtained currency soreo months ago that manufacturers in England, actuated with a desire to injuro the new colonial industry, had sene into the market a quantity of bad meat labelled as coming from the colonies. So far as their investigations have yet gono, no foundation has boen dis- covered for tho rumour. As an instance of ono of the advantages derived by sheep owners from the operation of the meat-pro serving companies may bo mentioned the fact that prices havo ruled during the corre- sponding weeks of the last threo years at an almost uniform rato for all descriptions of sheep, although the quantities to hand havo been so much on the increase, and aro noticed as fol'ows :-1808.-January 22. Number sold, 12,497. Quotations-Best shorn wethors, 83. 1869.-January 20. Number sold, 29,866. Quotations-Best shorn wethers, 8<t. 1870. January 19. Number sold, 40,000. Quota- tions-Best shorn wethers. 8s. The subject of meat-preserving is attracting considerable attention in tho neighbouring colonies, but for some unexplained reason it has not boon found so easy to start companies thore to cairy on this business as hero. A process for preserving meat by desiccation has been in- troduced by Dr. Bancroft, of Brisbane, Queensland. The process is thus described by the local paper:-"Tho meat is first cut from the bones, and then minced hy steam power, after which it is spread out upon a shallow metal surface heated by stearn. After tho meat has been well turned ovdr in tho trays, a current of warm air is brought to bear upon it by moans of a fan, and aftor some hours it becomes crisp and dry. It is then subjected to a grinding process, all tho superfluous fat is drained off, and it is at onco ready for packing." It is said that the meat can be deliveied in London in tho largor packages at the late of Is. per lb. ; and as each pound contains the nutriment of four pounds of ordinary meat, the price may be quoted as equal to 3d. per pound. Tho appli- ances at present made use of by the in- ventor are exceedingly simple, the mpst costly of all being the steam-engine and necessary GOLU Ji.i\u j.^"___ The chief centics of mining industry, re covering from the depression peculiar to the holiday-making season, aro again showing signs of vigour and activity. But it seems that the yield of gold for last year is consider- ably less than it has over before beon since the year of the first great rush to "tho dig- gings." The yield and the exports have both fallen off. In 1868 tho colony exported l,905,942oz. ; in 1869 the exports amounted to only l,700,972oz. Theso returns, however, included a considerable poition of gold the produce of other colonies. Thus in 1868 the quantity of Victorian gold exported was l,596,05Soz., and in 18691,340,838oz. But there is not this difference in the absoluto yields of the two jears. Over 120,000oz. of gold, the produce of tho year 1867, was kopt back and exported in tho beginning of the year 1808, in older to have tho export duty, jvhich was finally abolished on the first of January of that year. Thus we find that, on the 31st of December, 1867, the banks held no less than 248,221oz., whilst on tho samo dato in tho foUowing year they retained only 126,8J0OZ. The difference botwoen tho two amounts has of course to be deducted from tho oxports, in order to show tho not yield, which was l,474,lS7oz. Tho exports of gold from this colony during last year were as follow : ÄfUrl. i Quantity. v. hero Produced, Value. Oz. dwt. ' £ Victoria .,1,340,838 8 5,303,759 Now Zealand. 342,742 4 1,370,852 New South Wales ...I 17,392 6 09,508 Total.1,700,972 l8 j 0,801,179 Adding to tho quantity of Victorian gold which left theso shores the iucrcaso in the amount held by tho banks, which was 27,005oz,, it will bo soon that tho not yield of last year, so far as it is possible to ascertain it, was 1,367,903OZ. or 100,284oz. less than tho yield of 1868. Notwithstanding the falling off in the re- turns, thero has been an incroase in tho number of miners employed, as the following table will show :- > ? Number of Miners. Yield of Gold. I860 1807 18C8 1869 73,479 05,857 03,181 68,037 Oz. 1,530,581 1,493,831 1,474,187 1,307,903 Calculating the gold at £4 per ounco, it will bo found that in 1866 the persons engagod in mining averaged 31s. per week, in 1807 35s., in 1808 36s., and in 1869 within a small frac- tion of 31a., or about the same as in 1800. OE course those men engaged at our principal mines on weekly wages havo received far moro than this; but tho difference will serve to show tho largo amount of capital which is constantly being expended for which, as yet, theio has been no adequate return. However, there is but little cause for despondonoy, for if but a moderato proportion of the new loads and lodes which have been lately opened turn out at all well, tho present year will in all pro- bability tell a very different tale. Some excellent yields have been recorded during tho past month from several of tho principal gold regions, and Berlin has main- tained its roputation as a, nuggot-producing district. Within the past fortnight a dozen nuggets, averaging from Coz. to COoz., havo been found in this locality. . < A peculiarly shaped flat nuggot. woighing somewhat over 5oz., very nure, and free from admixture of quartz or dirt, was found by a party while digging in some old ground at Littlo Bendigo on New Year's Day. This nugget formed part of 25oz. of gold, tho result of the week's washing. A nugget weighing 10.}oz, has also been re« cently unearthed in Argyle Gully. A recent crushing of 300 tons of quartz from tho Pleasant Creek Cross Roof Company's claim, Pleasant Creek, gave the vory respect- able yield of 801oz. lOdwt., or an average of 2oz. 17dwt. to tho ton. At Ballarat the mining interest 'is show« ïng signs of recovering public favour, and stocks aro improving. There have been several improvements and favourable indica- tions in various quartz mines, and in the alluvial/mines there are also prospects of im- portant discoveries. The directors of the Hand and Band Company report they are now satisfied that the Park lead is running -into and through their claim ; and the United Suburban, one of the great pioneer companies of the western deep ground, has also most \- -promising prospects. Mining affairs on Bendigo have never been more promising than at present. The yield for December last was 20,882oz. 14dwt,, re- presenting a value of £83,528. The weekly yields of gold from the Magnum Bonum Company's claim, Chinaman's Flat, during the past year, show a total of 8,154oz, 18dwt. 13gr., valued at £32,744. "Our metallic resources, which, as far as gold is concerned, are daily becoming more and more perceived to bo practically inex- haustible," observes tho Bendigo Advertiser, "are in the future to bo increased by the addition of various metals, of which silver And zinc aro not of the least important. . Iron ore has been mot with in many loca- lities, but hitherto not in quantity sufficient i to warrant the erection of smelting works. ' .Now, however, it is extremely probablo that iron will bo added to the list of our pro- ducts, as a very fine band of iron oro has 1 been struck in this neighbourhood, a sample of which, in the hands of Mr. Shiress, assayer for the Bank of New South AVales, has re ' suited in a fine button or piece of iron, that i -shows the oro to contain at least SO per cent. ?of the motah" DIAMOND MINING. The work of mining for diamonds is going on quietly but steadily, in the Mudgee Dis- trict, and we continue to hear at regular in- tervals of gems being found in considerable quantities. By the outgoing mail the Aus- tralian Diamond Mines Company will for- ward to their agents in London 225 dia- monds, tho produce of four weeks' work with ?one machine. This parcel will make a total ?number of 984 stones sent to England by the .company. Tho manager is actively engaged in opening up the works at the mine so as to Toe able to keep another machine fully em- ployed. Ho reports tho prospects of tho ?company as excellent. Mr. Crisp, jeweller, of Melbourne, received by the last mail .. the parcel of diamonds, 115 in number, that formed tho first batch forwarded by the company to bo cut and polished. There can be no question as to. their value. Mr. Crisp's correspondents write of them in the highest terms, as being unsurpassed in brilliancy by any diamonds in tho world. Intelligence of such a nature is calculated to . stimulate the search after gems in Australia, and no doubt public attention will hence- forward be turned more strongly towards this branch of mining than it has been hitherto. A considerable area of ground is now being worked in the Mudgee district, and several parties, besides the two Melbourne companies, aro doing well. Hennessey's party, working at Two-mile Flat, liave been offered £2,000 cash for their lease -of eight acres, and have refused it; the fact , that they ask £4,000 for ono half interest, and decline to sell the whole on any terms, says a .good deal for their opinion of the ground they hold. Scott and party, just before the liohdays, washed 12 loads, and obtained 110 diamonds, weighing 3idwt,, equal to 2Gcaiats; nine of them weigncd one carat each. They state their earnings to havo been £12 a week. The statement of the correspondent of a Sydney journal as to the products of tho Mudgee gold and diamond mines, having been called in ciuestion by a local newspaper, a meeting was held on the 20th nit,, at Two-mile Flat, at which resolutions weie passed confirming the statement made "by the correspondent, and appointing a com- mittee to collect statistics, it was not long before a list was made up of 36 persons, who certified to havinç found diamonds, in all .about 2,000, of which some G00 were sold in New South Wales, and 1,200 forwarded to Melbourne. Besides this, thero were many diamonds in the hands of Chinese and others ?of which no accurate account could bo ob- tained. AVe leam by telegram that sevoral -diamonds have been found near Dubbo, an , inland town, in another part of New South Wales. TnE LABOUR MARKET. The demand for female house servants still ?continues as great as ever, and the market is almost as badly supplied. Since last mail 1G0 single womon arrived by the ship Caducous ; only 38 of thcmicmaincd for hiring at the depot, the remainder having gone to their friends. Thero were 90 applicants for the w-xuu--um*uw&' aue-T mo applicants wore admitted. In the country the harvest is, nearly finished, and prices aro not so extravagant as they have been. In all trades thero is a good demand, and skilled labour meets with ready cmploymont. The following are the immigration returns pub- lished in the Government Gazette, from the 1st January to 3rd December, 1859 :-From the United Kingdom there arrived, under the as sisted immigration regulations, 4,222 persons, of whom 1,948 were from England or Wales, 392 from Scotland, and 1,882 fiom Ireland. There wore altogether 1,914 males and 2,308 females. The usual weekly rations allowed in Vic- toria are 10lb. to 12lb. of meat (beef or mut ton), 10lb. flour, 2lb. of sugar, and ¼lb. of tea. The following servants are fed and lodged by their employers, receiving rations as above : Shepherds (first-class), £35 to £45 per annum ; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 per annum ; lads for the country, 10s. to 12s. per week; general farm labourers and station hands, 15s. to 20s. do. Married couples for out stations, £40 to £55 per annum. The follow- ing servants are fed and lodged with the em- ployers' families ¡-Grooms, for country, 20s, to 25s. per week; men cooks, for hotels, £1 to £4 do. ; female do., £40 to £80 per annum ; married couples, for country (first-class), without encumbrance, from £65 to £85 per annum ; female house servants, for country first-class), £35 to £45 per annum ; do. do. (second-class), £30 to £35 do. ; laundresses, £35 to £45 do. ; nursegirls, for town, £25 to £30 do. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick- layers, plasterers, and carpenters an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 10s. per day; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day; pick and shovel men, 6s. per day. Tailors.-In first-class establishments good men are scarce, and constant work is to be had at the average of from £3 to £3 15s. per week. In second-class establishments the average earnings are from £2 10s. to £3. In factories, tailors, best hands, average £2 10s. Tailoresses can earn as follows :-Trouser and vest hands, 30s. per week; coat do., 35s.; pressers, £2. Clothing Machinists.-Best, 30s. per week; ordinary, 20s. ; shhtmokcis (machinists), girls, 12s. 6d. to 17s. ; cutters, 15s. 6d. to 30s. ; finishing, 2s. to 6s, per doz. Bootmakers.-In the best establishments, for bespoke work the rates paid are as fol- low :-Wellingtons, 14s. 6d. : elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. ; riding boots, back strap, 24s. In factories good workmen can earn from £2 to £2 15s. por week at slop work. Ordinary hands earn £2 per week. Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops the average earnings of good tradesmen is 12s. per day and upwards, according to ability ; polishers, 10s. to 11s. In second- class estab lishments and factories first hands make 10s. per day, and for cabriole work 12s. ; up- holsterers, 9s. to 10s. ; polishers, 8s. to 9s. ; saw-mill hands, 10s. to 12s. per day of eight hours. Iron Founders, Smiths, &c-Smiths; are paid per hour, and good men can earn on an average 10s, to 14s. per day; fitters, 9s. to 12s. ; turners, 14s. ; moulders, 11s. to 14s, ; Pattern-makers, 10s. to 13s. ; mechanical engineers, 12s. to 14s. Shoeing smiths earn on an average £2 10s. per week 10 hours per day. Stevedores' Men.-Lumpers and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey- engine drivers, about £4 per week; engineers in tow- boats, £16 per month. Painters.-Ordinary hands get 8s. per day, but work is not very steady in this trade. Watch Jobbers.-Advertisements have ap- peared for steady men in this trade at £4 per week ; this may be taken as the ordinary rate. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Gardeners.-First-class men-without ra tions-for situations near town, get 50s. to 60s. per week, but tho demand for best hands is very limited. Do. for country, 50s.; second class do., near town, 36s. to 42s. per week; third class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20s. Grooms in livery-stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Saddlers and Harnessmakers.-The best hands in this trade earn £3 per week--time, 10 hours per day ; second class (mostly young men), 25s. to 30s. NEW STEAM POSTAL SERVICES VIA " CALIFORNIA. The Australian colonies aro to have steam postal service with England by way of Cali- fornia. Ournewtrans-Pacific service, likethat to Panama, which it comes in to replace, has been in the first instance got up by Now Zea- land, which will not and cannot remain con- tented with the Suez route. There is at present a line of mail steamers between Honolulu and San Francisco, and arrange- ments have been made for running steamers between Sydney andHonolulu by wayof Auck- land. The contract at present is simply between New Zealand and the contractors. The assent of the other colonies has yet to be obtained. The Hon. Julius Vogel, Treasurer and Post- master-General of New Zealand, represents Australasia. The American consul at Sydney represents America. Each party expects to be backed up, and, so far, the whole affair is provisional ; for if the expected backing does not come, the project may be abandoned. It is established, to some extent, speculatively. The consul is acting in concort with the Cali- fornian, Oregon, and Mexican Steamship Company, whose vessels at present run from San Francisco to Honolulu, under contract with the United States Government. It is their interest to promote the new line, which will be simply an extension of their present operations. New Zealand gives a subsidy of £15,000. The American Government is to be asked for £10,000. Mr. Vogel has secured the favourable consideration of the Govern- ment of New South Wales, though nothing positive could ho promised by them until Parliamentary assent had beon obtained. The amount Victoria is expected to contri- bute is £0,000, and tho Chief Secretary, who has been waited upon with reference to the scheme, has promised that if he can see that any advantage to Victoria will accrue, the £0,000 a year asked for shall not he grudged. Tho matter is to receivo fair consideration from the Government. South Australia and Tasmania are to be asked for £1,500 each, and the contribution of Queensland is to be drawn ' out of it by New South Wales. The contract is not formally in the hands of any company, so the service is to bo styled the "Californian and New Zealand and Australian Mail Line of Packets." Although the contractor is an American, the vessels are to he subject to all tho regulations of New Zealand as to survey, &c.; The length of voyage between Sydney and Auckland is fixed at 144 hours, and that between Auckland and San Francisco at 600 hours for the first six voyages and 675 hours afterwards. A bonus of £30 id to be gi von for every 24 hours short of the contract time within which the voyage may be completed, and a similar fine for every day over time, and this applies to the voyages on both sides of Auckland, viz., to that to California and to that to Sydney. The detention at Auckland is not to exceed 30 hours, and the Govern- ment there relieves,the contractor from all port charges and agrees to give him every facility. Tho postages are to belong to Her Majesty, The contract is to he for 12 months, ' but the contractor has the option of making it a five years' contract, and he deposits £1,000 as security for making a start. The dates of departure are to be-March 26, April 27, May 28, Juno 30, and thereafter on the last of every month from Sydney and the 7th of every month from Auckland. Since the receipt of the above, tho following proposition from an English company has been received by the Government of New South Wales : (Copy.) " Rectory-house, Martin's-lane, Cannon street, London, E.C. " 3rd December, 1869, " To the Hon. the Chief Secretary of State for New South Wales, " Honourable Sir,-We have the honour to inform you that a committee of English and Australian gentlemen having been formed in the month of September last, with the object of establishing a new, cheap, rapid, and im- proved route between Europe and Australia through America in less than 40 days, effecting a saving of 20 per cent, in time and 40 per cent in money, have now concludod arrange- ments for the intended service by means of a line of steamers fiom Milford Haven to Port- land, and another line in correspondence from SanFranciscotoSydney, by acompanyto bo styled the Atlanticand Pacific Mail Steam- ship Corporation, which company will be propared to submit to you a tendor for carry- ing the mails between Europe, the United States, and New South Wales, on the follow- ing terms : "1 Tim oi>riMpi> in Vin jiprfnrjviprl in fímii the wants of the colony, averaging a tonnage of from 2,500 to 3,500 each, and capable of accommodating 150 first-class and 750 second class passengers. "2. Every outward and homeward voyage to be performed within a period of 40 days to Sydney. "3. Premiums and penalties to he on a basis of £50 per diem. "4. Security for the due fulfilment of the contract to ho given to the satisfaction of your Government. % "5, The subsidy to be paid to the corpora- tion for the transmission of the mails to be fixed at £1,000 per voyage out, and a Uko sum per voyage homo. " 6. Tho contract to bo for 10 years. "It is also important you should be in- formed that tho corporation will undertake the conveyance of passengers from London and tho chief cities and towns of England to Sydney at the unprocedentedly low through rates of £60 first-class and £30 second class, including rail, provision, and other charges, the journey through America being at its widest part, and therefore the most healthy, quickest, and cheapest hitherto pro- posed. "It being considered by the committee of the utmost importance that every practical facility should bo afforded by your Govern- ment to the speedy conclusion of the present negotiation, wo venture to urge on your at- tention the propriety of your nominating some representative in London on your be- half, with full powers to treat and conclude with the corporation. "We have. &c;, (Signed) .' CUMMINS AND Co." In connexion with this subject it may be mentioned that a quasi conference took place between representatives of the Governments of New South Wales, Queensland, and New Zealand, who happened to bo in Sydney at the time arrangements were in progress with reference to the Californian service. One of the subjects discussed was the resuscitation of tho mail service via Torres Straits, which Queensland carried on on her own account for a year, but through the expense being greater than what she herself could afford, was obliged to give up for a time. It seems to havo been made a sort of condition to the support given by New South Wales and Queensland to the Californian service that New Zealand shall contribute a subsidy, not exceeding £10,000, to the Torres Straits ser- vice, while she is to furnish three-fifths of the subsidy for the other route. Should both theso projects bo carried out, wo shall havo three difieient steam postal services between Australia and Europe. Of course, the pro- ceedings of tho ouasi conference will not bo binding on anybody, but thoy may load to somo decided steps being taken by tho Parlia- ments of the colonies whoso Governments were represented, and hasten on at the same time the more important conference between the colonies generally which has been talked of I for some timo past. , I THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. Steps have recently been taken to bring ' about the adoption of the cental system in the corn trade. Tho Chamber of Commerce, as the mouthpiece of tho mercantile com- munity, has taken tho matter ia hand. At the commercial conference held in Sydney in May last, one of the resolutions adopted was to tho effect that a great improvement in the mode of conducting business would be effected, and transactions simplified, if all descriptions of grain and flour wore sold at ono uniform weight, and that this desirable reform could bo conveniently accomplished by the introduction of tho system of selling by tho cental of 1001b. At tho invitation of tho chamber, some 20 or 30 gentlemen in- terested in tho corn trade assembled at the Exchange-rooms, on the 11th inst., in order to arrive at a conclusion on the matter. Thoro was no difference of opinion as to the advant- age that would bo gained by tho alteration, but fears woro entertained by somo as to tho possibility of effecting a change. A resolu- tion affirming that tho introduction of the cental system would be a desirable reform was unanimously agreed to. Tbo next re- solution submitted was ona affirming that on and after a certain date the millers, mer- chants, factors, and others engaged in the sale of grain and flour, should be requested to adopt the cental system in all their transactions ; and that for the purpose of giving effect to the end in view public notice of the intended chango should be given in the public press, and the committee of the Chamber of Com- merce requested to seek the co-operation of the Government, and also of the mercantile v communities of the adjacent colonies. The meeting, after some discussion, appointed a deputation to wait upon the Government to ascertain how far they would further the object in view. Some delay may take place in bringing about the new system ; but the feeling in its favour seems to be general throughout the soveral colonies chiefly inte- rested in the question. The original intention was to have begun the year with it. A more efficient pilot service has been ono of the standing wants of the mercantile com- munity. The Chamber of Commerce, having lately considered tho subject, appointed a deputation to wait upon the Commissioner of Customs last week to urge their viows upon tho Government. The Commissioner stated that a bill was in course of preparation which would próvido for the establishment of ono board of seven members, in place of the marino boards now in existence, with juris- diction over all matters affecting the shipping interest. He expressed concurrence with the views of the Chamber of Commerce as to the advisability of always having two pilot boats outside the Heads ; and while giving the de- putation to understand that this principle would be carried out under the new system, promised to try whether the Government were not already in a position to take action, through tho existing board, for the improvement of the service. At the quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, held on the 26th inst., the subject discussed was a proposition for tho extension of the passage-wai rant system of immigra- tion. The resolutions submitted advocated the proposition that any person desiring.to como to the country from Great Britain might, on payment of a sum equal to the current pas- senger rates of the United States, obtain a passage-warrant enabling him to come here by any ship he might select, tho Government paying the remainder of the passage-money to the shipowner. Several speakers thought a more general scheme of immigration should be propounded, and it was urged that means should bo taken to disseminate in Europe information about the colony. It was stated that the Government had employed a gentle- man to prepare a handbook giving informa- tion about the country. After a short dis- cussion the resolutions were agreed to, and it was resolved to urge the question upon the attention of the Government. RAILAArAY RETURNS. The following are the returns of the Vic- torian Railways for the week ending 20th January, and the corresponding period of lost year. The returns show a temporary falling off from last year, with the excep- tion of the carriage of goods and minerals, which shows an increase of £331 Ila. 5d. over the return from this branch of traffic for tho same period of last year. The return from the passenger traffic is £3,G3415s. as against £3.918 7s. 9d. for the corresponding period of last year, showing a deficiency of £283 12s. 9d. from this branch. The amount derived from the carriage of goods, &c;, is £6,G97 13s. 8d., as against £6,3GG 2s. 3d. last year, showing an increase in this branch of traffic of £33111s. öd. over last year's returns. In the carriage of cattle the falling off is large compared with tho amount of returns, which is for the week £107 4s. Gd., against £555 7s. 3d. last year, showing a defi- ciency of £448 2s. 9d. The total for the week also shows a falling off, the returns being £10,820 5s. lid. as against £11,259 Cs. 8d. last year, showing a deficiency of £439 OJ. 9d. The aggregate returns to date amount to £31,118 12s. lid. against £33,547 10a. Gd. for tho corresponding period of last year, showing a reduction of £2,428 17s. 7d. The weekly average (for three weeks) is £10,372 17s. 7d. as against £11,182 10s. Gd. last year, show- ing a weekly reduction of £807 12s. lid. The following aro the traffic returns of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Rail- way Company for the month ending January 20 :-The return for ' the passenger traffic amounts to £10,05111s. 5d., as against £9,276 17s. 7d. lost year, showing an increase in favour of the present month of £777 13s. lud. For the carriage of goods the return is £4,062 2s. 10d., as against £4,550 5s. 2d for the cor- responding period of last year, showing a falling-off in this return of £498 2s, 4d. The total returns for the month amount to £14,11G 14s. 3d. against £13,827 2s. 9d., showing an increase in favour of the present year of £289 11s. Gd. on the month's roturns. The aggregate returns to date amount to £9,728 4s. lid. for 20 days aa against £10,024 11s. 5d. for 21 days last year. The weekly average is £3,404 17s. 8d. as against £3,341 10s. Gd. last year, showing a wa^Ay..wfrrfgmávferfAn?'siílfW-tllB ' gross're- venue of the Victorian Railways :-From the 1st January to the 19th January, 18G6, £26,657 14s. 3d. ; January 24, 1867, £39,202 19s. ! January 23, 1868, £36,397 10s. 6d. ; January 21, 1869, £33,547 10s. 6d.; January 20,1870, £31,11812s. lOd. EXTENSIVE COMMERCIAL FRAUD. Discovery has been made within the last few days of an impudent fraud in connexion with the exportation of good« from Glasgow to this colony. Acting upon information sup- plied, leceived by the last mail, the Customs authorities examined a consignment of drapery, ex Loch Katrine, from Glasgow, when it was found that the cases instead of containing tho goods they were represented to hold wore filled with sawdust and other rubbish. It appears probable from an ac- count which has been published in the Glasgow Herald that these packages of sham goods were shipped by a gang of swindlers who had established themselves in that city, and in the town of Greenock, under the names of Greenwood and Co., F. J. Allen and Co., and Paterson and Davis. The method of swindling adopted was deliberately planned, and well arranged. They purchased goods from well known houses, but not being able to pay cash for them, or to procure good bills, wore unable to get delivery of them. They however, obtained possession of the invoices, with which they effected their nefarious object. Filling bales and packing-cases with rubbish, the invoices, with bills of lading manufactured to correspond, wero produced, and advances to the extent of two-thirds of the invoice value of the goods obtained from tho London correspondents of various mercantilo houses in Melbourne. Another plan was for ono of these swind- ling firms to effect sham sales with another, and to obtain advances upon ficti- tious invoices. One of the victims is Mr. J. S. Morris, of 4 Botolph-lane, London, who ia in the habit of shipping goods to Melbourne for Messrs. Morris and Co. Ho made ad- vances to the firm called Greenwood and Co. upon an invoice representing prints of tho valueof£199;uponanotherconsignmentoffivo boxes of supposed prints, valued at£207 5s., pur- porting to have boen purchased from one of the three sham firms-F. J. Allen and Co., of Greenock-and upon a third consignment of 13 cases of muslins, entered as of the value of £400, and represented as having been pur- chased from Paterson and Davis, the third branch of the confederacy. These goods wero shipped on board tho Loch Ka- trine, for Melbourne, but after the departure of tho vessel Mr. Morris obtained informa- tion exposing the system of fraud which had been going on, and .Greenwood was arrested in London. The evidence, however, as to tho worthlcssness of the goods was not complete, and Greenwood had to bo discharged. The only thing that could be dono was to send word to the A'ictorian police by the mail, and have the shipment examined on tho ar- rival of the Loch Katrine at Melbourne. This was accordingly done. The vessel arrived hero on the 21st December, out entries were not passed for theso goods until the 18th January, when eight boxes, described as containing muslins, wero opened by tho Cus- toms authorities, and found to contain no- thing but empty bags, waste paper, sawdust, and other rubbish. Five bales of supposed cotton goods wero subsequently opened, and with the same result. There are five other boxes belonging to the same shipment, but as the marks found on thom do not correspond with thoso in the invoice, they have not been opened. The packages which havo boon ex- amined will bo kept at the Custom-house until instructions regarding them have been received from home, and the authorities thore will hove direct evidence on tho subject from tho commander of the Loch Katrine, Captain ? M'Callum, in whose presence the examina- tion took place. NEAV ZEALAND NOTES. Since the departure of the lost mail the hopes which wero entertained that the rebel- lion in New Zealand was nearly crushed out havo been roughly dispelled, and tho aspect of affairs in that unfortunate colony is again threatening, and altogether most unsatisfac- tory. It will be remembered that owing chiefly to the esertions and influence of Mr. M'Lean, the Defence Minister, friendly rela- tions appeared to havo been restored between the colonists and a large portion of the Maori race which, though not actually in rebellion, was still disaffected towards the white popu- ! lation, and a sort of alliance was concluded between the New Zealand Government and | King lawhari-the latter, together with many of his'leading subjects, and especially Topia, an influential and powerful chief, de- cidedly refusing to co-operate with the insur- gents Te Kooti and Tito Kowaru, and promising to assist in putting an end to strife, and restoring tranquillity to the country. This state of affairs begat a feeling of confi- dence throughout the colony ; but the unwil- lingness of the King to surrender the two marauders if they ceased fighting occasioned some uneasiness, whichlater.oventshavejusti fied. At the dato of the last summary it was supposed that Te Kooti was within 25 miles of Tokongatamutu, with a force of about 400 men, and that he was being gradually hemmed in by hostile forces, so that there was little probability of his protracting the struggle much longer. Now, however, it seems that nothing is really known of his precise movements, beyond that he is some- where in the Upper Thames district, awaiting an opportunity to strike a successful blow, which will bring recruits to his standard, and perhaps precipitate a general native rising. The threatening attitude assumed by the King party makes matters still more uncer- tain. Major Kemp, with the native con- tingent, is advancing on Te Kooti from one quarter, and Topia, with a strong native fotce, from another, and if the two parties act in concert, the capture of the miscreant who has kept the outside settlers in terror for months past seems imminent. Events which have occurred within the lost month havo tended to thiow. some doubts upon the sin- cerity of the professions of friendship made by Topia, and it seems doubtful whether he is really acting for or against Te Kooti. Op- posing counsels continually cause King Tawhaio to change the position he has taken up with respect to tho rebels. At one time be appears .afraid to break with the settlers, whose power he dreads, and at another his sym Eathy with his countrymen almost determines im to risk everything and support them. A telegram from the seat of war, recoivod at Napier on January l8, states that 200 King natives have cautioned Major Kemp, who had arrived at the.Waikato boundary in pursuit of Te Kooti, who was within one day's march of Oraku, not to enter the King's territory. Dis- regarding this advice, Kemp rephod that he would follow Te Kooti whether the King per- mitted it or not, and a collision between the two parties was expected to take place should the King attempt to hold Kemp in check, as the latter was determined to proceed. The Government are in the meantime preparing for the crisis which is evidently approaching, Colonel M'Donnellhas been ordered round to the head of the Taupo Lalee, to get between Tokongatamuta (where some suppose Te Kooti to be) and the Upper Thames. A large number of Kingites are assem- bling at Tokongatamutu, but with what object is uncertain. One report says that their gathering is to intercept Topia ; another to protect Te Kooti, who wishes to settle down quietly, while a third version has it that they .purpose capturing Te Kooti. At present ull is uncertain, and until later news urrives it is impossible to foresee what turn events will take. In tho midst of all the terror and anxiety occasioned by this dis- astrous state of affairs, and with the out settlers crowding into the towns for protec- tion, the troops are preparing to embark, imperativo orders having arrived for their removal without further delay. The want of consideration and sympathy exhibited by the home Government towards the colonista in their troubles is much felt, and is provoking much unfavourable comment. Thepoliticalnews of the month is unim- portant, and is likely to continue so until Parliament is again called together. The pre- sent arrangements for the conveyance of the English mail to and from New Zealand are causing great dissatisfaction amongst com- mercial men. The Government, in conjunc- tion with those of New South Wales and Queensland, have beon considering the ad- visability of subsidising a new mail service, connecting Sydney, via Auckland and Hono- lulu) with the San Francisco terminus of the Pacific Railway, which is elsewhere referred to. It is said that the Government con- template laying a submarine cable from Sydney to the West Coast. News from the gold-fields still continues eminently satisfac- tory. Quart reefs, more or less richly impreg- nated with gold in really well-payable quantity, are being discovered all over the colony. Wellington province is reported as having found gold- bearing quartz reefs j in Napier, too, good samples have been discovered, and Taranaki'has repeatedly had the correct in- dications. Excellent reefs have lately been fu'lVásBií^FóTiriVJe;' r3Bcr%£ufl?A?J?ÍV <S-Í's at the Buller, on the Groy, and on the East Coast at Collingwood (an out settloment on the coast up country), at Wangupika, em- bracing a large range of country, and even within a few miles of Nelson city rich reefs have gladdened tho eyes of prospectors. A destructive fire at Christchurch, a flood at Otago, and a shock of earthquake at Wel- lington and Greytown, have been among the events of the month, but do not require special notice. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WBECK OF THE PAUL RIQUET.-The ship Paul Riquec, which left Bordeaux on 11th July, 1869, was wrecked on the 7th November on a coral reef to the south of New Caledonia in lat. 2° 31 S., and long 104° 44' E. The vessel carried a cargo of 500 tons of merchandise, property of tho state, and about 150 tons of merchandise belong- ing to private parties. She had a crew of 15 men, and also carried six passen- gers. The Paul Riquet made Nya Peak, on the Isle of Pines, on the 6th November, at ti p.m., the distance being about 15 milos. She continued her route to the south-west, with a light breezo from the east during that night. In the morning Nya Peak stood north four points west, and about 10 miles distant. On the 7th of November, at noon, the ship sighted the NgedembiReef, and from 12 till 4 in the afternoon she had light shift- ing winds from the northward, and a broken sea away to the east. At 6 o'clock, the wind freshened from the south. During the next two hours the wind died away, and the ship was with difficulty kept clear of the reefs, thero being scarcely wind enough to steer her by. During the next four hours thero was a dead calm. The ship would not now answer her rudder at all, and in spite of the united effortsj of the captain and of his crew, she drifted, under a heavy, rapid current, bodily on the reef. It was about half-past 12 o'clock (midnight) when she finally struck. From the point where the vessel struck the bearing of Cape was S.S.W, The captain sent the passengers and part of the crew away from the wreck in one of the ship's boats, and remained himself with four volunteers on board the vessel. As, however, the ship soon after began rapidly to settle down, these had all to leave the ship, and to rejoin their comrade«. The united party finally passed through the Great Reef, at the Dombea opening, at about 11 o'clock a.m., and ar- rived, after many dangers, at the lighthouse oh the Ameda Islet at 7 p.m. From this temporary resting-place the captain and his companions proceeded, on the morning of the 9th November, to Noumea, where they arrived at 2 o'clock p.m. ATHLETIC AMUSEMENTS. Tho English champion pedestrians, Hewitt' Bird, and Toplcy, competed against Aus- tralians for the first timo on the Mel- bourne Cricket-ground on the 8th inst. The result was a fiasco, tho Englishmen not making a show in any one of the numerous handicaps, and the 4,000 or 5,000 spectators who assembled to seo their performances were much disappointed. The explanation of this unexpected result is that the men were brought out before tbey were fit to run, having had but little time for training since their arrival in the colony, and they had no doubt underestimated the prowess of the Aus- tralians. However, the champions were to go into strict training for five weeks, when they will again appear on the Melbourne Cricket ground, and perform the same programme as was arranged for the 8th, with the exception of the 170 yards Handicap, which will be increased to 440 yards. We arc told that the men protested vehemently against the handicaps when they first appeared, and stated their inability to cope successfully with the colonial runners with the long starts given. In addition to this an attack of diarrhoea at the early part of the previous week interfered considerably with their train- ing, and they carne to the scratch in much worse condition than they were ina week pre- viously. The wonderful condition and time of our colonial men also surprised them very much, and, in the language of the turf, they were outpaced from the jump for every race in which they started. We havo every reason to believe that on their next appearance (the 12th of February) they will be able to show their true English form, as thoy have ex- pressed themselves determined to leave no stono unturned to effect this object. A challenge issued by J. G. Hams, the champion runner of the Australian colonies, has been accepted by Frank Hewitt, cham- pion of England, at the following distances, viz. ;-100 yards, 160 yards, 200 yards, 300 yards, and 440 yards, for £100 a side for each event. Tho races are to come off on tho Mel- bourne Cricket-ground on Saturday and Mon- day, the 5th and 7th of March. The sporting editor of The Australasian will be the stake- holder, Mr. Hammersley the starter, and Mr. George Watson will act as referee. The match will no doubt excito great interest, Harris's performances rendering him no unworthy op- ponent even of so redoubtablo a champion as Howitt. Tho Uppor Yarra presented an unusually animated appearance on the afternoon of Saturday, the 22nd inst., when a silver challenge cup, given by Mr. J.'Stevonson, was competed for by four-oared crews represent- ing some of tho largest soft-goods houses in the city. The cup was won by the crew of M'Naughton, Love, and Co., the defeated competitors being representatives of Messrs. Laing and AVebster, King and Parsons, and L. Stevenson and Sons._ RACING. Only one raco has taken place during the past month, and that was a match between .Mr. Clarke's Miss Constance, 4 yrs, carrying 9st., against Mr. E. Jellett's Jack Tar, aged, carrjing 7st., two miles, for £100, won by Jack Tar. The race created very little interest, there being hardly a bet booked on it. The entries for the Geelong races, to come off on the 24th and 25th February, have filled remarkably well, the Geelong Handicap having 27, and the Criterion Handi- cap 23 nominations. Eleven horses are named for, the Steeplechase, and 13 for the Maiden Plate. The entries for the Miners' Races, at Ballarat, though of much less im- portance, have filled almost as well. At the annual meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, the finances were shown to be in an excellent condition. Tho club commenced the year with a debit of £2402 13s. 2d., they have paid off this sum, and after laying out £815 5s. on improvements, close tho year with the sum of £240 15s. 10d. to their credit. THE THEATRES. The pantomime season is just about closing, Mr. Akhurst's last pantomime, "The House that Jack Built," having had a very successful run of five weeks at the Theatre Royal, and on the 5th of next month the theatre will bo re-opened with Messrs. Lyster and Smith's new English, Italian, and French opera com- pany. The first instalment of the company, consisting of Mdlle. Lucia Barratti, prima donna soprano; Miss Lucy Chambers, prima donna contralto; and Signor Enrico Dondi, primo basso, arrived by the Yorkshire on the 15th inst They were followed a few days later in the mail steamer by Mr. W. S. Lyster; Signor Neri, primo tenore; Signor Mari Cornia, primo baritone. Miss Chambers is a native of Australia, though she has a European reputation, and great expectations have been formed of her musical.abilities, as well as those of her companions. "Besides the above the troupe will include Madame Fanny Simonsen, now in Victoria, and Mr. Armes Beaumont and Signor Ugo Devoti, both tenors, daily expected from California. The latest advices describe Mr. Beamont's sight as much improved, while his voice has not lost one jot of its freshness. Verdi's "Ernani" will be the opening piece of the season, that opera permitting the introduction of four of the leading singers in parts of nearly equal prominence. The principal portion of the dramatic com- pany now performing at the Theatre Royal will probably perform in Adelaide during the opera season, and there is also a probability of the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre being re- opened. Herr Bandmann, after concluding a suc- cessful engagement at Sandhurst, has left for Sydney. At the termination of his engage- ment at Ballarat he was presented with a testimonial consisting of a double inkstand, with emus' eggs very beautifully mounted in burnished and frosted silver wreaths of vine leaves and grapes, resting upon a polished blackwood base. In the centre was a gold shield bearing the following inscription:— "Presented to Herr D. E. Bandmann by his Ballarat friends and admirers. Ballarat, 7th January, 1870." On the 10th inst. a new comedietta, written by Captain Humphreys of this city, and called "The Mystery at No. 10," was pro- duced at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. Although presenting no novelty, either in plot or treatment, the new piece is a very spirited composition, and superior to many of the imported farces on which colonial mana- gers usually have to rely. Weston and Hussey's minstrel troupe having migrated to Adelaide, the New Opera house is now occupied by a musical company, who are giving concerts under the direction of Mr. Hughes. The list of vocalists includes Miss Amelia Bailey, Miss Calzado, Miss Percy Easdown, and Mr. Lascelles. A dramatic company will shortly make their appearance in this place of entertainment, under the management of Miss Cleveland. Mr. Heller continues his magical seances at 172 Bourke-street, with undiminished success. On Thursday evening lost, Mr. AV. M. Akhurst, who has been connected with tho press and dramatic institutions of this city for 16 years past, took a farewell benefit at the Theatre Royal,and the house was crowded to excess. Having received favourable offers from theatrical managers at homo, Mr. Ak- hurst purposes leaving for London next month, with the view of producing there some of his burlesques, which have been re- markably successful here-notably " The Siege of Troy" and "King Arthur." Mr. Akhurst has been a hard and successful worker in the^cause of the colonial drama, and his numerous friends will be well pleased to hear of his success in the old country. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS- PITAL. The following is á list of the deaths that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the cause of death : Armstrong, Frederick, aged 40, cabdriver ; native of Scotland; arrived in 1835 by the Enterprise ¡died January 11, of phthisis. Borgens, Frederick, aged 50 ; (lied January 10, of pneumonia ; further particulars not known. Carmody, Mary, aged 20, domestic ; native of Ireland; arrived in 1869, ship unknown; died January 11, of typhoid fever. Fisher, Hannah, aged 30, native of Glou- cester, amved in 1852 by the Caduccus ; died January 7, of jaundice. Flinn, Catharine, aged 28, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1863 by the Marco Polo ; died January 24, of pycomio. Gittins, John Nicholls, aged 58, master mariner, nativo of Kent ; arrived in 1853 by the Royal Stuart ; died January 10, of cancer. Giovanni, Bonctti, aged 48, minor, native of Switzerland ; arrived in 1854 bythe Mindora; died January 8 of jaundice. Harvey, Archibald, aged 31, draper, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1869 by the Highflyer ; died January 23, of phthisis. Kusack, Bridget, aged 23; domestic, nativo of Ireland : arrived in 1865 by the Royal Saxon ; died January 1, of morbus cordis. Laffin, John, aged 43, steward, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854 by the ship Kent ; died January 15, of hecmorrhage after ampu- tation of hip. Long, Charles, aged 59, clerk, native of Oxfordshire ; arrived in 1852 by tho Northumberland; died January 16, of dyspepsia and abdominal tumours. Lynch, Mary, aged 30, domestic, nativo of Ireland ; died January 21, of typhoid fever ; further particulars not known. Lee, Robert, aged 60, shoemaker, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1850, ship unknown; died January 26, of dysentery. Moncrief, John, aged 5L gardener, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1841 by the Marion ; died January 2, of phthisis. Mason, Charles, aged 21, steward, native of America ; arrived in 1869 by the Niagara ; died January 5, of phthisis. Morgan, George, aged 26, miner, native of London; amved in 1869 by the Carvard ; died January 7, of abscess in the brain. Matthews, Anne, aged 6, native of Tasmania ; arrived in 1868 by the Rob Roy ; died January 20, of dipthoria. O'Ncil, Sarah, aged 19, domestic, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1863 by the Royal Dane ; died January 15, of accidental poisoning. Pascoe, AViiliam, aged 42, cabinetmaker, native of Jersey ¡arrived in 1852 by the Even- ing Star ; died January 22, of dropsy. Pan- ton, Eliza, aged 35, nativo of London ; died January 27, of diarrhoea ; further particulars unknown. Peterson, Alfred, aged 30, car- penter, native of Sweden ; arrived in 1864 by tho Atlantic Park ; died January 6, of pneu- monia. Rigg, David, killed by accident at chaff cutting-machino ; inquest held ; particulars unknown. Ryan, Eliza, aged 28, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1867 by the Nimrod ¡ died January 11, of phthisis. Reilly, Edwaid, aged 40, labourer, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854 by the Queen of the Seas ; died January 17, of carcinoma. ... Simpson, Thos., aged 53, draper, native of Leicestershire; arrived in 1850 by the Red Jacket; died January 2, of alcoholism. Stan- ton, Lewis, aged 50, seaman, nativo of Massa- chusetts j arrived in 1809 by the Josiah L. Hall ; died January 4, of asthma. Syan, Victor, labourer, native of Finland ; arrived in 1852; died January 12, of bronchitis; further particulars not known. Shanks, James, aged 32, baker, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1850 by the Sir Edward Perry ; died January 17, of phthisis. Thirkell, Thos., aged 53, carpenter, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1858 by the Lord of the Isles ; died January 2, of morbus coráis and anasarca. . , , . There were 468 deaths in the hospital during tho year 1809. . COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Malta, after taking on board her mails, gold, and specie, and embarking her passengers, left her anchoiago and de. parted on her outward voyage on Tuesday, the 4lh ult., at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Avoca, A. B. Farquhar commander, anchored in Hobson's Bay at 10 minutes to 12 o'clock on the night of tho 20th inst., with the mails from Europe and the East. She sailed from Point de Galle at 8 p.m. on tho 30th ult. (21 hours late), and arrived at King George's Sound at 10 minutes to 2 a.m. on the 15th inst. On the | passage she experienced fine weather and moderato trades to lat. 26° S., from which point she was retarded by a continuance of strong head winds (S.E. and E.), with very heavy head seas. After coaling she sailed from the Sound at half-past b p.m. on tho 15th, passed and signalled Capo Otway at 2 p m., and reached the anchorage in Hobson's Bay as stated. She had moderate to fresh S.W. winds during the run from the Sound. The mails were transhipped with all due de- spatch, and the Avoca left for Sydney again early on the following morning. STATE Or TIUDE. Our last report at the close of the year was written in the midst of dulness and dissatis- faction ; but scarcely was the mail steamer gone than the natural results of a bad year's trado, losses in business, depreciation in tho value of goods, &c;, began to be shown in the number of failures that were announced ; and although theso suspensions have not extended beyond firms that were long known to be weak, and whose credit was limited, still a very disagreeable feeling of gloom and de- pression has been allowed to grow up in con- sequence ; and although at the same time general confidence has not been impaired, yet as it is well known that almost all engaged in business aro likewise more or less entangled in mining, it is feared that the losses incurred through the collapse in the latter interest may lead to further and more serious compli- cations. Meetings have been held in the estate of Mr. F. C. Klemm, colonial wine merchant. The statement submitted showed tho liabilities to amount to £18,980, of which £8,874 was secured. The assets, comprising hook debts, &c;, are estimated at £14,094, which, after deducting the amount held by secured creditors, leaves £10,220 to meet £15,106. An offer of 10s. in the pound was made by Mr. Klemm, but a pro- position to assign tho estate to Messrs. James Lorimer and Joseph Taylor for the present was carried instead ; also in the estate of Messrs. T. and W. White, which it was re- solved should bo wound up in the Insolvent Court, it was shown that the amounts due to secured and unsecured creditors stood at £8,000, while the contingent liabilities were estimated at £10,000. The assets, inclusive of £1,000 for stock, were estimated to realise £3,500. The creditors do not expect to get over 2s. in the pound at the most. The prin- cipal losses were caused by mining specula- tions. A meeting of the creditors of Mr. Hockridge, Scarsdale, was held in Melbourne. The statement showed liabilities amount- ing to £11,000, while the assets, comprising stock, hook debts, and freehold property, were estimated to amount to £11,187. -After some discussion it was resolved to wind up the estate under an assignment, and Messrs. Sargood and Wm. M'Ewan wero ap- pointed trustees. A meeting of the creditors of Southward and Sumpton was held. The liabilities in the estate amount to £22,541, of which £4,000 was secured ; the assets, after deducting the amount held by secured cre "î'iTi'', °ni a sum °f £1.600 for collecting OCDts, Aîo , worn »kimotoi fr. TPnlÍRp £10 QOf) An offer of 7s. per pound was spoken of, hut not actually proposed. It was finally re- solved that the estate should be assigned to Messrs. Paton and Watson. In the course of the discussion which took place much angry feeling was evinced, in consequence of a system of obtaining advances on cer- tificates which is growing up amongst traders, and the following resolution was evoked and passed unanimously : " That this meeting desires to express ils strong disapprobation of a system which lias recently obtained, of tradeis carrying on business after they find themselves in diffi- culties by_ means of advances obtained by partingwith securities in their estates." _Mr. Joseph Katzenstein has likewise placed his estate in the hands of his creditors. The statement of accounts showed the secured and unsecured liabilities to amount to £11,700 ; tbo assets, the greater portion of which arein the hands of the secured creditors, were estimated atabout £8,000. The estate is tobo assigned to Messrs. H, Levi and Bayldon. Numerous suspensions and failures of town and country firms involving smaller amounts of say £2,000 to £4,000 havo also been reported, and losses have been suffered to a considerable extent by failures in New Zea- land. The mail steamer arrived on the 20th inst. with dates from England hy post to 3rd December. The month's shipments to Mel- bourne show an increase of £j 32,214. Trans- actions during the past month have not been extensive, sales of this description havo beon exceptional rather than otherwise. In beers, we noto the first arrival of the new season's brew. About 300 bales of cornsacks changed hands in the first fortnight of the month. Some 10,000 boxes candles have met with pinchaseis. Breadstufrs have been steady, but operations havo been limited. Feeding grains, more espe- cially maize, have been very extensively dealt in. About 400 pockets hops figure in the month's sales. In oils, though a good deal of excitement has prevailed, sales have not ex- ceeded some 8,000 cases at most. Transactions in rice amount to 550 tons. Of sugars, about 35,000 bags have found buyers. Nearly 30,000 bags were sold in the first fortnight of the month._ Operations in teas embrace the Woodbine's and Constance's cargoes, of which 10,000 packages were disposed of. The ba- lance of the fancy teas per Marquis of Argyle and Blairmore, amounting to 3,000 packages, was also cleared off. Tobaccoes havo been dealt in extensively, in which American manufacture has taken tho lead hy a long way. Very largo quantities of wines and spirits have been passed off by auction, as it has been found next to impossible to effect sales privately. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. By this mail the exchange at London'has been fixed at three-quarters per cent, pre- mium for 00 days' sight bank-drafts. No alteration has yet beon made public on the rates of discount ; we continue to quote 6 and 7 per cent, for hills at three and four months, and_ 8 to 10 per cent, is charged for longer periods, Interest rates are very steady. De- posits of three and four months command 2 and 3 per cent, respectively ; for six months' deposits 4 percent, is obtained ; and 5 per cent, is allowed on deposits of twelve months' standing. WOOL. The bales have been well supported. About 12,652 bales were disposed of in Melbourne, and 1,185 hales in Geelong. The prices realised ranged from 5d. to 9Ad. for greasy, 9_d to 15Jd. for inferior to average scoured, and lid. to!5d. for inferior to average fleece. Some 000 bales recovered from the Lightning were likewise sold in Geelong as follows : 123 bales averaged £7 14s., 220 averaged £8 Cs. 8d. to £8 10s. 9d., and 250 averaged £014s. to £Ç 11s. 4d. per hale. BTOOK AND STATIONS. From Deniliquin we learn, at the latest dates, that on the Darling pastoral matters arc cheering, and the squatters describe the season as most propitious. On tho Castle- reagh, Merri Merri, &c;, water is abundant, and stock rolling fat. From Dubbo to Copper's Creek, the country is in magnificent order. From Wagga Wagga thero is very little to report. There business has continued slack and dull, and transactions in stock have been both limited in number and in- significant in extent. For fat cattle there was a fair demand, but not at che outside ratea held out for by vendors, who »" i moderato their demands, and meet « market if business is to be done in t sheep no alteration ; demand slack and J" titlues dull. For store cattle inrUfc still numerous, and for good, well-W » 5 well-selected lots high figures ¿n^ ^ .tamed. In store sheep, six and efcUt tooft aro mostly intiuired for. wo'* . The following sales of stations wero effcr-w in the course of the month :- '?"«.etea Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co «». t tho". sale, of the Maryvale and Ul/X stations, in tho AVest Wimmera district «ni 12,037 acres of freehold land, 37133 X? some cattle and horses, and sundry imn3 ments, for tho sum of £43,500, on tm»î" Also a small station in New South Wales en the north bank of tho Murrumbidgee *ff tween AY>gga AVagga and Hay, nárned P.unAcg1nei Wlthl.4°0 acres purchased W 15,400 sheep, and good improvements 1 lump sum of £7000. ' -" Messrs.. Hastings Cuningham and Co » port having, sold .tho undermentioned «"' stocked runs, on private terms :-AYoolnamnïï" in the Albert district, N.S.AV., to Messr» f and J. Thomson ; and Brodribb's tender i» the Lachlan district, N.S.AV., to Mr" Jame, M'Evoj", iUUA Messrs. Ryan and Hammond sold Mr J R Graves's North Wakool station, in the Mur rumbidgee district, with G.C00 sheep and m acres of purchased land, for £0,500. THE UNEMrLOTED. The cry of the unemployed has once mora been raised in Adelaide (obsorves tho Mount Gambier Standard), and once more hu Parliament been appealed to on behalf of the starving poor. Alas! this timo tho Asscmblt has shown no sympathy. Tho cry for emploi. ment is mistimed, and members will not listen to it during the very midst of harvest and so, instead of meeting with an »bund! ance of condolence and a provision for their comfort, the unemployed havo been treated to a little bit of wholesome advice In fact, members said to them, "If you realh want work, you can get it, and at wawi that will support you and your families . but you must not hope to always find em. ploymcnt in Adelaide at high wages, whether the colony prospors or otherwise. Take your sickles and go into the harvest fields. Labour is wanted in the south-east." In corrobora tion of this statement wo would draw atten- tion to the state of affairs in this district giving as nearly as possible the facts in the words of the fanners themselves, and ask out legislators to place the two pictures-the Adelaide unemployed and the position of the south-eastern farmers-side by side. Says one-"I havo kept men at work all tho year round, wet or dry, at 5,0s. per week and 'found,' and at harvest, seeing the scarcity of hands, they would not stay unless I raised them to 30s. and 'found.'" Another says -" I offered men 8s. a day, and they laughed at me. They told me they would not work under 13s. a day." Anothcr-"I came into the Mount, and engaged with 16 men. Only two would come ate all. I pay them 30s. a week and thcit board." A fourth farmer says-"I have been at the Mount four times for men, and they would not listen to my terms of 25s. an acre for reaping oats. They consulted with ona another, and turned their backs on me," A fifth farmer relates that he cannot get men to work at all with a stripper ; hand-reapin. is what they want,-at their own terms. San another-' ' A lot of Adelaide men came to my place, and went on all right at first ; but on Saturday the old hands turned on me, and would not do a stroke more unless I would givo them more than the wheat would Mc» that they were reaping." Another illustration -"Themen wanted the net price of justl! bushels per acre for my reaping, and that would have left me, perhaps, two bushels for myself." So much for the cry of want of employment. HOUSES FOB INDIA. The clipper ship Stockbridge, lying at the town pier, Sandridge, has taken on boatd bet complement of horses for India. They are the property of Mr. Usher, who goes to India with thero, and are of a very superior description', They were selected by Mr. Jas, Leith, V.S., who proceeds in charge of them. THE LIGHTNING. The wool from, the hull of the ship Light- ning continues to bo removed in large quan- tities, and the brand are moro legible, the bales having been less exposed to the action of the fire. The copper ore has now been reached, the bags containing'which aro in» good state of preservation. * THE BANKS. The following general abstracts showing tho average amount of the liabilities and assets of the banking institutions to which they refer, taken from the several weekly statements during the quarter from the 1st October to 31st December, 1809, have been published in the Government Gazette : flip ririPntAl Sank Corporation.-LUMlltles-Sot« In circulation, not bearing Interoät, £78,131 18s.3d; bills In circulation, not bearing Internat, £35,751 "i lOd. ; balancea due to other banlu, £20,187 8i HA; deposits, not bearing interest, . £167,332 li 2d. ; de posits, bearing Interest, £430.201 10s. 01 Total amount oí liabilities, £728,000 l61. 1U. Aswt! Cnined gold and silver, and other coined rotuli, ¿00 4117 IDs. Id.; gold and silver In bullion or biri, £80,10029. lid jlanded property, £40,000; noto J and billa of other banks, £6,281 7« 8d.; balauccs due from other bunks, £14,805 3s. -Id. ; amount of all detitsduetotbe bank, including notes, hills of exchange, and all Block and funded debU of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank Iron other banks, £915,SID 10«. Id. Total amount of asset«, £1,146,700 Us. Id. The return also Includes the following ¡-Amount of the capital stcV paid up at the diese of tho quarter ending 31st T über, 1869, £1,600,000; rato of the last dividend uulared to the shareholders, 12 per cent, por annum ; amount ol the last dividend declared, £90,000; amount of the re- served profita at tho time of declaring such dividend, £444,000. The Bank of Vlctorla.-Llabllitlcs-Notos In circu- lation, not bearing Intorest, £280,708 ; Will In circu- lation, not bearing Interest, £11,344 O'. Md.; balance! duo to other banks, £03,103 14s. lOd. ; deposits, not bearing interoet, £713,800ISs. lOd. ; deposits,bcannf interest, £1,228,676. Total amount of llablUUet, £2,262,718 11s. Od., AsBets.-Coined sold and (-liver and other coined metals, £275,107 Si 2d. ; gold aud sllvor in bullion or biri, £111,385 7e. ; landed proporty, £128,311, KUM.; n*tes and bills of other banks, £30,020 Hi. Iii balances duo from other banks, £112.218 18a. 10i; amount of all debts due to the bank, includlrignotei, bills of exchange, and alUtook and funded debt« al e\ cry description, oxcepting notes, bills, and "5,'05S due to tho said bank from other banks, £2,309 Oil Us. -Id. Total amount of assets, £2 067,128 Mi. 84 Tho return also Includes tlio following t-Amountw tbo capital stock paid up at the close ol the quarter ending 80th September, 1809, £600,000; rat« of Ita last dividend declared to the BhsrohoWen, 10 pti cent. ; amount of the last dividend declared, £55,0». amount of the reserved profits at tho timo of declino} such dividend, £125,000. Union Bunk of Australia.-Llablllttos-Kolos m or culatlon, not bearing Interest, £105,670 IS«. 01.; Mia in'circulation, not bearing internat, £47,71)0 5s.;« posits, not bearing interest, £404,418 l8» M.; de- posit«, bearing interest, £858,13.'' 18a. .'Si T»W amount of liabilities, £1,475,021 15a. BO. Aoeta Coitcd gold anti silver and other coined meus, £230,100 9a. 2d.; gold anti sllicp In bullion« bars, £43,735 10s.; landed propc, t>, £0W!1f 7d. ; notes and bills of other banks, £10,43« ft Id.; amount of all debU duo.« to the hank, in- cluding notes, bills of oxchanpj, and all «toe« IM funded debts ol every deserir-ion, excepting not«, bills, and balances due to tlw said bank from otter banks, £1,829,455 0«. 2d. "otal amount otuieH, £2,107,058 13s. 8d. The return also inoludes toe fol- lowing :-Amount ot the capital stock paid up»twe close of tbo quarter ending Slst Docember, 1ÍW, £1,250,000; rate of the last dividend declared to J» slmrolio'ders, 16 ¿or cent por annum; »mountof u" last dividend declared, £03,760 ; amount of the f ported profits at tho timo o£ declaring such divweno, £400,0617e. lud: " ' , ,.,".,, Colonial Bank of Australasia.- HabillUe*-»««'J' circulation, not bearing Interest, £92,400 ; lilli» »* culatlon, not bearing Interest, £1 &7010& 51\. ; WUK* due to other bankB, £57,026 0s, 4d. ; doP0''1"'?" liming interest, £310,618 15s. 8d.; deposits, bein»! Interest, £030.08818s. 2d. Total amount of li»»111"''! £1,101,075 19s. 7d. Assets-Coined gold and «W and other coined ¿notais, £129,340 Os. 2d., e»1« and silver In bullion or bars, £16,200 17«. »¿i landed property, £52,091 14s. 7d. ; not« JJ» blllB of other banks, £10,987 4s. 5d. ; "»'«""."X from other banks, £28.800 19s. Id. ; araoutit ot m debts duo to tho bank, Including notes, f'1".01;* change, and all stock and funded debts of ereryw >crlptlon, excepting notes, bills, and balioceii duew tho said bank from other banks, £1,873,402 1-4.» Total amount of aasets, £1,010,69514s. 2d. W» rewj also includes the following:-Amount ol tMTl»» Mock poid up at the close ot the quar er enoin» m Dcccrabor, 1809, £437.600 ; amount of tho «»".» profits at tho time ol docUting such dh liena, M».w PUBLIC COMPANIES. _ A'ictorian AA'oollen Company.-TUc cigW» half-yearly meeting was held at Oeelotig on the 10th inst. Mr. V>\ V. Ducket owW the chair. Tho directors reported the com paiiy to be prosperous in all branches on» operations. During the half-year cndin. 80th November 47,797 yards of tweed .»«* manufactured,-or an increase of neanii/i yards on tho preceding half-year. TIIM«» had amounted to 52,420 yards, value a».«« 13s. 7d. It appeared that the demand.«or tweeds was largely increasing. Anor«", ..i the half-year's working was a profitofiAW 10s. Gd. Tho profit and loss accotin , n"« payment of last dividend and interest OB debentures, showed a present creditbaMco of £3,900 lbs. 7d., from which a dinden* » the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, m» J bonus of 5s. per share on the 3,030 of »» «g issues, was declared. This would leave W^ to tho credit of profit and loss. Of the ne» issue authorised in connexion with IM°"L sion of the works, 1,024 bad been token up Upon them £1 per share was caUeJoPX half-year; montWy colls were now b«fW£ and these shares would participate in m next dividend that was declared. Contracts for extension of works amounting to £3,545 liad been accepted, and the requisite machin- ery, to cost about £4,000, had been ordered. The directors' report was adopted. City of Melbourne Gas and Coko Company. -Tho half-yearly meeting was hold on the 25th, Mr. Thomas Moubray in the chair. The report and balance sheet showed- that the all airs of the company were in a flourishing condition. Tbo net profit on tho half yoar's transactions was £9,727. £10,192 Is. Id., standing to the credit of profit and loss, was apportioned as follows ¡-Dividend for tho 'half-year at 8 per cent, per annum, £8,267 Is.; -debenture redemption fund, £1,750 ; carried forward, £175 0s Id. The contractor for tho new gasholder has completed his work in a satisfactory manner, but the loss of a portion -of tho connecting pipes on tho ship Royal Standard had somewhat delayed its being -brought into operation. Owing to the promp- titude of the company's agents in London in replacing the pipes tho inconvonienco should not be materially felt. In answer to ques- tions it was stated that the company's works -were now proof against any floods. The .directors were in communication with the -Government, .with tho viow of having the -dock filled up, and the right given to the \- company to berth vessels opposite the works. The report and balance- sheet were adopted. Ballarat Banking Company (Limited). "The tenth half-yearly meeting will be held on the first proximo. From the directors' report it appeared that " the gross profits, after making provision for bad and estimated doubtful debts, including a balance from the previous half-year of £3,216 10s. 3d., amount to £9,357 11s. lOd. After paying curront ex- penses "and interest to depositors amounting to £2,216 6s. 6d., there remains a not profit of X7,141 6s. 4d., which the directors will re- commend in their report for appropriation a3 follows :-In payment of a dividend of 10 per cent, per annum, £2,750; to reserve fund, fuithcr addition thereto, £1,000; balance to profitapISHfe-now account, £3,3915s. 4d." ColUngWCd, Fitzroy, and District Gas ? Company.-The half-yearly meeting was held on the 26th January ; Mr. George Harker .piesided. Tho directors presented their balance sheet and profit and loss statement -with much satisfaction. Tho consumption of gas showed a steady increase The construction of the new tank and gasholder was rapidly approaching completion. The -directors had issued 1,800 additional -shares, raising the capital to £75,000. Thoy .had also sold the balance of debentures authorised to be issued at the meeting held in July, 1868. They recommended a dividend \- of 10 per cent, per annum, with a bonus of Is. per share. The balance-sheet and profit and loss account showed a balance to credit .on 1st July, 1869, after paying dividend and bonus, of ¿275 10s. 4d., which, increased by a Ibalanco brought down to 31st December, 1869, showed a total balance to profit and loss account to the credit of the company of .¿4,27911s. 6d. The report and balance-sheet .were adopted. Southern Insurance Company (Limited). "The eleventh half-yearly meeting will bo held . on Friday next. The directors' report and statement of accounts for the half-year end- ing 31st December have been circulated. In .their report it is stated that " during 1869 the 'number of disastei s connected with the trade between Australia and tho United Kingdom .has been altogether unprecedented, and en- tailed upon the company heavy losses. In ? other directions the business has beBn, upon the whole, satisfactory. The directors recom i mend payment of a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum." The Polynesia Company.-Despatches have ^been sent, via England, to the United States .by Mr. F. Cook, the manager of the company, requesting the United States Government to grant their protection ovor the islands. The petition to that effect has been extensively signed in Fiji, Sydney, and Victoria. The island of Viti Levu, tho largest of the Fiji group, will bo made a port of call by the pro .posed line of steamers from San Francisco to these colonies. The Polynesia Company aro preparing to open out their now townships \- of Suva and Cookton, in anticipation of this -event. The Home and Colonial British Plate-glass . Accident Insurance Company.-This recently formed company (which must not be con- founded with tho Australian Plate-glass Insurance Company) is no more, if it ever can be said to have had an existence The .persons who started it have disappeared from the colony, in consepuenco of some question -oble transactions in another line of business. Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria (Limited). -The half-yearly meeting was held on Friday, «the 27th inst., tho Hon. C. J. Jenner in the ? chair. It was shown by the directors' report that tho gross profits for the half-year, in . elusive of £2,362 premium on shares sold in ¡JLondon.and £3,086 14s. 6d. from last account, -amounted to £13,897 8s. 8d. After deducting -interest to depositors, £3,535, commission on shares sold in London, and all current . charges, thero remained a balance of £8,464 7s. lid., for distribution as follows :-Dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £3,175 ; reduction of expenses incurred in establishing the London branch, £1,000 ; reservo fund, £3,000 ; and balance carried forward, £1,289 '7s. lid. Mr. Muir, the manager, had .returned to the colpny, having satis- factorily established a branch office in .'London. An arrangement had been entered .into with the Australian Trust Company, at ipresent in voluntary liquidation, in terms of which the offices and staff of that company would be taken over in London, from the 1st . Septcmbor, and the management of their business in Australia from the 1st inst. ; the ? commission from this will, it is anticipated, .be a source of considerable profit to the bank. ¡The directors congratulated the shareholders .on having secured the co-operation of the -gentlemen composing the board of manage- ment in London, all of whom were of high standing, and conversant with colonial af- fairs. The îcport aud balance-sheet were ?adopted; and Messrs. R. Byrne and J. S. .Ogilvy re-elected directors. Maritime General Credit and Discount ? Company (Limited).-The annual meeting of ?the shareholders was held on Friday last. Mr. Fredk. Walsh, M.L.A., occupied the chair. 'The directors' report congratulated the share bolders on tho satisfactory nature of the com- pany's affairs. The gross profits, including the balance of £263 10s. lid. from last year, amounted to £6,423 11s. 8d. After paying 'interest to depositors, and writing off £1,000 from tbo lease account, the directors recom- mended the usual dividend of 10 per cent, per annum on the paid-up capital of the com ,pany. With the view of strengthening the . company's influence, the directors hau ap- pointed Messrs. Walsh, Reid, and O'Grady to jthe directory, which required confirmation. 'The leportand balance-sheet were adopted. T'ho action of the board in appointing Messrs. Walsh, Reid, and O'Grady to tho directory wns then confirmed, and Mr. George Pilley .was also elected a director. A dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum was de . clared payable on and after the 15th February Jnextí National Insurance Company of Austral ^ asia (Limited).-The annual meeting will be beld on Friday next. The directors' report 'States that during the past six months the 'company hasmademostsatisfactoryprogressin public favour, the gross receipts from 1st July to 31st December having amounted to £12,445 .6s. 6d,, or 60 por cent, more than they were during the previous half-year. On the other Land, the losses during that period wore un ' ¡usually heavy, amounting in all to £7,324 Is. öd. After providing for what it is estimated will cover the latter, tho balance to the credit for the six months is £1,197 5s. lOd. ' J-U'J°^ *k'8 the directors proposo to pay a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum, and to add the remainder to the balance pre- viously brought forward, thus making the total surplus £4,583 8s. lOd. This amount, "with the paid-up capital of £16,250, makes a sum of nearly £21,000 available for payment of losses, and this entirely irrespective of the large amount (nearly £234,000) of the capital yet uncalled. A New Sugar Company.-At the temporary office (Collins-street) of the Australasia Sugar 'Company, on Saturday, the 15th inst.,we were -shown samples of sugar-cane grown on the Bellinger River, New South Wales, under the auspices of the company. Tbo object for which the company is started is to pro jnotetho growth and manufacture of sugar in suitable parts of Australia. At present ? its efforts aro confined to tho littoral dis* jncts of Now South Wales, south of tho 'Clarence. The company is not so much pro- jected for the purpose of growiug sugar on its own account as for assisting individuals to -embark in the enterprise. Sugar-growing ??is now carried on. to a considerable ex- tent on tho nortburn coast of the adjoin *,nG colony, which is regarded as highly \--Guitablo for the purpose.- The specimens of -cane from the Bellinger are intended to let .people seo how well tho cane answers in Aus- tralia. The longer of two canes shown as \- the result of a year's growth was fully six feet , ~m length, and from two to three inches in diameter. Having been out for some time, the canes had lost their fresh appearance, hut that circumstance does not diminish their "value as evidence of what the Australian soil .can produco. Wo also saw a small sample "?f -Vi b lyeu<w sugar, manufactured by Dr. JNcild, on the Hastings River, lower down on the coast than the Bellinger. It appoarcd to bo of good quality, and quite able to stand its own ground in comparison with the " foreign ' article. One circumstance that has deterred many persons of moderate means from , entering upon the business of sugar growing in New South Wales and Queens- land is the oxponsiveness of the machinery for tho manufacturing process. AVe leam that tho Australasia Company have made arrangements with farmers on the Bellinger, whereby the former are to take the cane off the hands of tho growers as soon as it is matured. OUlt MANTJFACTUB.E8 AND PBODUCTIONä. A few days ago woolwoshing was begun at the mill of the Albion Woollen Cloth Com- pany at the Barwon, preparatory to the com- mencement of manufacturing operations. The self - acting scribbling - machine has commenced to scribble the wool, which will then bo passed through the carder and other machines until it is rendered fit to bo made into cloth. The spinning mules and box looms are all in position, the latter having been set going for a few days to permit of their easy moving when work in earnest is required. In a few days all the machines, which are of a superior description, erected under the supervision of Mr. Thacker, the manager, and Mr. Horsley, tho engineer, will be at work. There is every prospect of this enterprise, the second of its kind in Geelong, being as successful as the first. It is only some 15 months sinco Messrs. Gray and Robinson began the undertaking which has been so rapidly and successfully completed, and as skilled labour has been obtained from England, and a largo supply of wool obtained some time since, the manufacture of cloth is likely to bo successfully accomplished. The Theophane, which arrived in the bay on the Dth inst., brought out the manager of the Australasian AA'oolIen Mill Company, Mr. L. F. Keogh, and his family. This gentle- man left in the Great Britain last May tor tho purpose of ordering and superintending the making of suitable machinery for the com- pany's factory at Footscray, and this ho has accomplished in a very short space of time, having been absent only eight months. The machinery comprehends everything complete for the manufacture of about 3,000 yards of cloth per week. A very creditable specimen of colonial work- ! manship, in the shape of a beautifully-iulaid card table, was shown us a short time ago. It was manufactured by Mr. J. Pain, of 2G Barkly-street, Carlton, who has recently com- menced business as a designer and veneeror of colonial woods. Tho stem of the table was of polished blackwood, and the top consisted of pieces of Huon pine, musk, myrtle, tulip, and other colonial woods geometrically arranged, so as to form an elegant design, and to show off to the best advantage the appearanco of the timber. " Hundreds of tons of bark," it is stated by the Portland correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator, " havo been purchased during the post few weeks by the enterprising firm of Keillor and Co., who intend to try their hand with it in the English market. They havo an immense quantity of it piled up in their yards, and are still buyers, so that this trade may, in all probability, become a considerable item in our export returns during the next few years, if the first experiment prove suc- cessful." A WOOLLEN FACTORY IN NEW ZEALAND. "For many years post," writes tho Welling, ton Evening Post, "woollen tweeds of excel- lent quality and almost everlasting wear have been made at Nelson ; not only in suffi- cient quantities for tho supply of the local demand there, but so as to sell a considerable quantity in other parts of New Zealand. We are informed on very good authority that the present manufacturer, Mr. AVebley, who arrived from England-about 11 or 12 years ago with a large family, and no capital, has, by means of aid from an enterprising merchant of Nelson in the commencement of his undertaking, and of the steady and skilled industry of himself and his family, a very handsome property. We understand that he has, for a long time past, received orders to a far greater amount than he can supçly, and that he is in consequence en- larging his premises, so as to be enabled to produce a much larger quantity. A Welsh company has been formed for the establish- ment of a factory of ilannel and tweeds at somo spot near Christchurch, and the workers are soon to arrive there." A NEW COAL-FIELD IN TASMANIA. Another coal-field has been discovered in Tasmania, by Mr. Andrews, contractor, on the line of the Mersey and Deloraine Tram- way, as it passes from Itailston towards Caro- line Creek. It appears that the workmen in carrying out the works had exposed a seam of what is described as " amagnificent coal."lts heating properties are said to be superior to the coal found at the Don, and also to that worked at Ballahoo, on the Mersey ; and that smelters engaged in smelting operations at Wallaroo, South Australia, report these coals as the most powerful for smelting purposes of any hitherto found. Tho directors sunk a shaft, fully testing the quantity aud value of the coal, the seam having been traced along the line for three miles ; and Mr. Andrews having examined the mine and shaft, made an offer to the directors to lease the mine, paying the company a royalty, and the offer has been accepted. riji. The following is an extract from the letter of a merchant in Levuka, Fiji, to a friend in Melbourne, dated 10th December, 18G9: " Our new consul, Mr. Marsh, arrived in the Virago a few weeks ago. There are important despatches from the Imperial Government touching Fiji and the labour question. The inquiries included-'What quantity of land is now in possession of British subjects?' ' AVhat is the percentage of British subjects in the islands ?' ' Can this labour traffic be stopped, or can it be properly regulated and controlled?' 'Cannot labour be got in the group?' and many others. AATe havo our- selves read part of the replies to these inqui- ries, and they are entirely in favour of Fiji, and the proper regulating of imported labour. 'It cannot be stopped,' writes the consul, ' but at great expense.' We think these in- quiries aro a little significant. If the British Government could stop immigration to Fiji they would, but they cannot, and they must accept the responsibility-it is forced on them." THE GIPPS LAND DISTRICT. The Government are taking steps to open up the Gipps Land district by removing_ as far as possible the obstructions to tho naviga- tion of the lakes which intersect that fertile portion of the colony. The Public AVorks department has accepted tenders for cutting a channel through a sandbank or neck of land about 300ft. wido at Jemmy's Point, in a line with Mount Barkly, some miles from the present entrance to the lakes at Cunninghame. The estimated cost of this portion of the work is £2,000 ; but it is in- tended to proceed gradually with other ne- cessary works, which will probably cost £20,0(10 more before they are completed. It is thought that the passage of the water through this channel will allow a sand- spit to form between Jemmy's Point and Bullock Island, which is situated in Beeves' River, and that thus a sort of natural groin or breakwater will be con- structed. It is also proposed to carry tho groin out through the cutting into the Southern Ocean for about 100 yards, the depth of water at this distance being 24ft., so that there will bo nothing to interfere with vessels entering the river at all times. Lieutenant Stanley, of the Marino Survey, proposed the adoption of a somewhat dif- ferent plan to this, ne suggested that the sand hummocks should bo cut through at about half the distance between Jemmy's Point and the present entrance to the river ; but it is thought that the force of tho river would be somewhat expended before it would reach there, as Jemmy's; Point being a high jutting piece of land, it would send the current right down in the direction of the new channel being cut by the depart- ment of Public AVorks. Captain Walker, having made some suggestions on the sub- ject, has been invited to attend at the Lands Office, for the purpose of inspecting some plans of the Gipps Land Lakes pre- pared by Lieut. Stanley, and sent to the de- partment to be lithographed. The plans were also inspected by the President of the Board of Land and Works, Mr. T. Higinbotham. Mr. Hodgkinson, and Mr. Skene, and some discussion took place with reference to them. Tho suggestion of Captain Walker is to continuo the groin right across tho river from the southern side of Bullock's Island, beyond where tho excavation is being made, and thus to divert the current right through tho cutting in the sand hummocks into tho Southern Ocean, and keep tho entrance open. It is considered that if the plan proposed by the Publio Works department bo carried out, the present en- trance and a portion of the north arm of tho Reeves River will silt up. According to Lieu- tenant Stanley's plan, the groin would run out in an opposite direction to that proposed by Captain AValker, the former preferring tho western side and the latter the eastern. Cap- tain Walker considered that if the break- water were thrown out on the western side it would silt up the proposed entrance, and ia ? stanced the results in Leonard, Norman, and Oberon Bays as proofs of his opinion. It is proposed to place a light on Jemmy's Point, which is 200ft. high, and another on tho cut- ting through tho sand, and the two being in a line, vessels will bo able to enter the chan- nel at all hours of the night. IMPORTS AND BXPOH-TS. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port since the beginning of the year, as compared with tho corresponding period of 1869: - Week Ending Imports. 1800. 1870. Exporta. 1809. 1870. Jan. 1.. Jan. 8.. Jan. 1C Jan. 22.. £ 208,228 853,055 810,001 410,708 £ 211,137 231,089 288,307 851.093 £ 207,790 000,200 247.180 413,410 £ 110,500 573,905 232,087 05,331 1,318,716 I 1.088,280 I 1,408.058 I 1,012,813 During the first period the account stood thus : Exports " _ _ " £1,408,058 Imports _ .. - .. 1,318,715 Balance of export» over Importa £119,043 During the second period : Imports . - £1,088,280 Exporta " " " .. 1,012,813 Bataneo o! imports over exports £75,473 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as undor : Imports In 1809 .£1,318,715 Importa In 1870 .1088,280 Dccreaao in 1870 .. » Exporta in 1869 Exporta in 1870 Decrease In 1870 - £230,429 £1 403,058 1,012,818 £455,815 STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on January 22 : - Brandy, 4.845J hhd,, 29,742 cases; rum, 1,469 hhd., 379 cases ; geneva, 101 hhd., 02,910 cases red, 1,900 do. green ; whiskey, 1,319* hhd., 2,161* cases ; gin (sweetened), 37 hhd., 3,081 cases ; cordials, 583 cases ; spirits of wine, 88 hhd.: other spirits, 4,488 cases : wino, 5,C06A hhd., 17,197 cases ; beer, 1,559*. hhd., 23,468 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 1,456 'half- tierces, 489 quarter-tierces, 10 kegs, 7,772 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 8,802 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 325 hhd. and casks, 481 cases, 1,809 bales; cigars, 522*. cases ; candles, 383 chests, 43,409 boxes ; kerosene, 72,127 cases ; flour, 4,515 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 16 cases ; tea, 23,754 chests, 47,933 half-chests, 40,124 boxes ; coffee, 3,006 bags, 15 tierces, 308 casks, 134 barrels ; chicory, 654 cases ; sugar Mauritius, 11,607 bags ; Manilla, 17,842 bags ; Java, 15,820 bags ; other, 371 tons, 547 cases and casks: opium, prepared, 19 packages; oats, 902 bags ; hops, 1,230 pockets ; rice, 84,041 bags, 20 barrels ; salt, 17,342 bags ; vinegar, 1,025 cases, 619 casks. THE REVENUE. The following is the comparative state- ment of revenue for tho quarters and years ending 31stj December, 1868 and 1869, respec- tively : Quarter ending. Doe, 31,1 Dee. 31 1808. Deo. 31,1 Dec. 31, Year ending I.-CUSTOMS Import duties On Spirits Wino.. Beer and elder Tobacco and Minti Cigars ,. Tea .. Sugar and mo- lasses Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa, and choco- late Opium Bice .. Hops .. Malt .. Wharfago and harbour rates. Duties on River Murray goods All other duties To tal customs.. II.-EXOIBB. Splrita distilled in Victoria Publicans'licences Auctioneers' do.. All other do. . Total oxclso . III.-TERHI ToniAL. Salo of land by auction.. Accruing from renta and solee tiona .. Pastoral occupa- tion Bents and licences Minora' rights .. Business licences.. Leases of aurifer- ous and mineral lands .. Wntor-riglit and BDarchfiig li- cences Total territorial IV.-PUBLIC WonKS. Ballway income. Writer supply .. Electric telegraph Toll.recoipta Total public works V. - POUTS AKD HAIIBOUHS. Tonnago .. Pllotago (at out ports) . Total ports and harbours VI.-POSIAOE VII.-FEKB. Supremo Court .. O enoral Sessions & County Courts. Courts of Mines. Courts of Petty Sessions All other fees Total fees VHI--FINES, Supremo Court .. General Sessions & County Courts. Courts of Petty Sessions All other fines and forfeitures Total fines IX.-MlSClIiLAKB oi-s. Bent«, exclusivo of lands Government prln 80,023 108,573 10,605 10,058 8,009) 7,607 84,510 8,132 18,010) 21,489 17,49« 8,010 5,200 4.520 1,803 1,283 20,005 7.3 21,759 8,801 7,020 2.342 2,852 1,871 28,072 6,700 07,278 100,849 353,024 40,367 143,005 11,091 09,624 70,592 13,081 21,934 10,203 7,315 4,030 93,408 7,394 377,807 445,220 38,249 28,170 143,889 13,409 01,562 77,510 14,215 24 273 14,567 9,741 6,899 104,740 12,253 451,004 320.051 358,140] 11.565 7,512 1.952 1,904 22,034 117,601 67,179 30,681 67,735 4,120 040 272,788 1,260,650' 11,448.394 0,340 0,700| 3,324 21,418 40,565 27,239 23,260 00,846 2,401 810 9,346 170,892 174,111 20.608 7,778 6,745 181,001 18,9181 8,235 48,109 10,260 4,267 43,170 8,093 6,809 5,553 07,946 03,622 243,841 165,630 118,080 Sll,390 14,385 3,506 13,136 9201 771,064: 606,37' 03,324 29,246 17,280 1,204 070,220 28,122 31,850 4,324 562> 2,400] 0,674 10,023 prl ter Labour of soñera .. Storsgo of gun- powder Sale of Govern- ment property. All other receipts Total miscella- neous.. Net decrease on tho quarter Net incrcaso on tho year 1,613 1,8181 3,200 24,021 31,320 016,496] 824,2021 92,294] 4,007 810 2,248 10,805 18,073 1,465 401 1,702 1,026 277 300 5,329 0,270 824,2021 10,074| 201 17,230 114,342 17,646 18,1 208,895 162,259 111,628 218,004 18,406 8,915 23,644 917 742,821 697,602 03,128 81,093 093,137 18,525 142 18,668 125,700 2,40S| 9071 0,141 33,4101 03,674 187 0 2,210 2,261 4,067 605 6,070 2,603 V 4,1 32,761 2,045 200 42,334 72,715 133 13 2,580 1,250 0,624 3,100 1,251 8,086 10,606 47,311 40,809 'S,O22,922|3,210,905 3,022,922 187,982 * The amount of refunds was £78 Os. lOd. moro than that of revenue. t Tbo amount of rotunda was £314s. 7d. more than that of icvenuo. MELBOURNE AND HOBSONS BAY UNITED RAILWAY COMPANY. The following is the tenth report, to be pre- sented to the shareholders at the meeting to be held at the company's office, Flinders street, on Tuesday, February 1 :— " The directors, in presenting their report for the last half-year, have much satisfaction in being able to submit to the shareholders the following statement :— The goods and passenger traffic have for some time past been steadily increasing, the returns for the six months ending the 31st December last show gross receipts amounting to £74,140 10s 2d., being an in- crease upon the receipts of the corresponding half year of 1868 of £7,108 8s. 8d. The progress of both passenger and goods traffic since the formation of the present company will be seen by the returns appended hereto. They show that the receipts of the last six months are the highest that have been obtained durlng any similar period ; the tonnago of the goods traffic is no less than 127,412 tons, bolng 12,019 tons in excess of that of any previous half-year, and is represented as follows:—76 foreign vessels, 94,284 tons; coal, 19 vessels, 7,642 tons ; broken metal, ballast, screenings, and suburban carriage, 24,786 tons. One hundred and twenty-five intercolonial steamers have also discharged passengers and cargo at the company's pier. The directors recommend that the dividend be at the same rate as that last declared, viz , 7 per cent., for which £18.714 10s. will be required, leaving a balance of £4,841 11s. 6d. to be carried to the credit of the com- pany, as they think that the interests of the share holders will be best consulted by declaring a dividend at a rate which is likely not only to be maintained, but to be increased hereafter, than one at a higher rate, which for want of a present provision for future exceptional expenditure may have to be subsequently diminished, in justification of the policy of this course of proceeding, the directors have to state that during the past half-year the reserve fund has been reduced, as will be shown by the ac- count thereof, to the extent of £1,125 18s. 10d. Upwards of £2,800 has been expended during this period on the repairs of the pier, and a further ex- penditure upon it of from £1,600 to £2,000 will be needed. Almost all the stations along the line require painting and repairing, some of the carriages require ronovatlng, and additional carriages are wanted to accommodate the steadily increasing passenger traffic, for which another locomotive engine has been ordered from England. The directors do not think it would be wise, in order to meet this expenditure, to further reduce the reserve fund, which is at the present time less by £2,600 than it was at the amalgamation of the two companies. The directors have to state, with much regret, that the Government has reduced the Williamstown fare to an absurdly low rate, avowedly for the purpose of competing for the Williamstown traffic with this company. This has necessitated a corresponding reduction upon the fare to Wil- liamstown via the Sandridge, line, and the result will, therefore, be an additional loss to the colony in the working of the Williamstown traffic ; as, other things being equal, the shorter and pleasanter route by the Sandrldge line and across the bay will always be preferred by the public. The reduction in the fare will not materially affect this company, as the Williamstown traffic forms but a very insignificant portion of its revenue, but the action of the Govern- ment is not the less to be deprecated. In the year 1860 it took a similar step, and a letter of remonstrance was then addressed to the secretary of railways, from which the following extracts are here transcribed, with the view of recording a protest against the present pro- ceeding:—'The rate to which the Government has re- duced the fare to Williamstown cannot by any possi- bility be remunerative, even if it produce its intended effect of withdrawing from the Hobson's Bay Railway that portion of the Williamstown traffic which now passes over it, but which the directors can of course retain by reducing the charge to that of the Govern- ment. The directors would observe that, although the Government line, having been constructed with public money, can be kept in operation in the face of losses which, were it prlvate property, would never be encountered. It ought not to be used for the purpose of competing, on terms which cannot be remunerative to the Government, with a line constructed with pri- vate capital. If so used the shareholders have as much reason to complain on would the mercantile com- munity were the Government to become importers of goods on behalf of the public, and southern at prices far below the cost to the merchants. In addition to the injustice above referred to, the directors have again to protest against the expenditure of the public money in the repair of the Sandrldge town pier, which is allowed to be used free of charge by carriers who com- pete with the company. During tho last year a con siderable sum has been appropriated by Parliament to those repairs, while, as will be shown by this report, the shareholders in this company have been obliged to repair their pier by deductions from their earnings. The directors are strongly impressed with this injus- tice, which they have lost no opportunity of pressing from time to time upon the Government, with the view to its redress. It is of such a character that no one can be found to justify it, and it is to be hoped that when its effect as manifested by this report comes to be understood the Legislature will no longer sanc- tion it. The engineer reports that the line is in tho- rough working order. The Honourable Thomas Turner A'Beckett,M.L.C., and the Honourable Edward Cohen, M.L A.,retire from the directory in accordance with the provisions of the company's act, but are eligible for re-election, and both have signified their intention, in writing, to offer themselves as candidates for re- election at the general and ordinary meeting of share- holders to be held on Tuesday, the 1st day of Feb- ruary next. The receipts for the past half-year, after deducting interest and working expenses, leave a balance available for dividend of £23,056 1s. 6d., which has been apportioned as follows :—Dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum, £18,714 10s. ; balance car- ried forward, £4,341 11s. 6d. Total, £23.050 1s. 6d. "THOMAS TURNER A'BECKETT, Chairman." The following statement shows the receipts of the line from 30th June, 1865, to 31st December, 1869, inclusive :— No. of Passengers. ii la 899,000 388,055 399,076 383,961 386,490 357,850 408,609 409,755 610,398 640,026 635,855 612,904 587,239 610,544 592,904 612,919 583,456 867,791 876,724 903,427 870,921 945,128 899,916 916,812 956,141 1,017,203 218,272 276,716 2S0.422 255,625 254,241 244,915 248,092 269,044 289,989 257,015 232,642 274,413 257,267 235,791 247,406 24S.108 271,487 280,469 Tons. 79,638 95,681 102,649 92,645 102,759 112,271 113.177 115,393 127,412 3,470,071 | 5,4S6,275 | 8,254,063 | 2,366,610 I 2 361,598 | 941,625 | 609.S95 1 3 The following is the report and balance sheet ; STATEMENT or CAriTAi, ACCOUNT AT 31ST DECEMBER, 1809. iiKCBirrs. Capital in £50 shares .£534 700 0 0 liebenture bonds, each £100 .. .. 422,800 0 0 £057,600 0 0 EXPENDITURE. To amount expended, as per statement, for last half-j car.£970,394 7 4 To workB account. 677 12 4 £971,071 10 8 BKSERVE FOND ACCOUNT AT 81BT DECEMBER, 1809. Dr. To amount expended for repairs to pier during half-year, Dec. 31,1809 ,.. £2,852 0 11 To balance .. . . .19,625 19 8 £22,378 0 7 Cr. - By balance, Juno30, I860 .. ..£20,65118 6 Bv rale of old locomotive, ko., Dec. 31, 1860 . 307 10 0 By balance transferred from revenue after paj mont of last dividend .. 1,418 12 £22 378 0 7 By balance, Dec. 31 .£19,625 19 8 BEVENUE ACCOUNT FOR SIX MoNrns, ENDINO 31ST DECEMBER, 1809. EtrENDITÜRB. To locomotivo power . £0,049 10 0 To coach traffic charges. 6,440 17 10 To repairs to stations, &c.; 1,093 13 0 To merchandise charges. 10,303 14 11 To police, gatomen, and pointsmen .. 3,253 6 0 To maintenance of way. 2.956 16 4 To general charges. 3,498 7 5 To compensation. 000 14 7 To balance. 36.234 3 1 £74,110 10 2 To interest.13,228 1 7 Tobalanco.28,050 1 6 £36,284 3 1 RECEIPTS. Bypasscngors .£46,207 4 0 By pareóla. 342 10 6 By merchandise.25.505 15 5 By advertising . 275 0 0 Byeundrios. 18118 S By rents .1,031 12 0 By transfer fees .. .. ' .. .. 2 10 0 £74,140 10 2 Bybalanco.£30.284 8 1 GENERAI, BAIANCE SHEET, AT 81st DECEMBER, 1809. To receipts, as per capital statement.. £957,500 0 0 To reservo fund. 10,625 10 8 To revenue. 28,068 1 " To interest on debentures .. .. 10,613 2 To sundry claims agalnBt tho company 8,741 3 £M)14,430 0 10 By expondlturo, as por capital state Bment. £071,07119 8 By Colonial Bank .. . .. .. 6,309 6 ~ By Colonial Bank deposit .. ,. 7,042 4 By National Bank deposit .. .. 20 0 By London Chartered Bank deposit.. 241 0 By Bank of Kow South Wales doposlt 00 0 0 By remittance to pav off debentures, duo March 10,1870. 2,200 0 0 By Interest suspense account.. .. 6,212 14 8 By stores.. ... 18,717 14 4 By emergency account. 450 0 0 By debentures in Colonial Bank .. !l,0u0 0 0 By Bundry claims due to company .. 6,021 8 10 £1,014.430 0 10 MELBOURNE MONTHLY AA^HOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. THE ARGUS Office, Saturday Evening. Business In the Import matketa has boen exceedingly quiet and Inactive throughout tho month, and com- plaint« of dulness have been very prevalent lndood. Not tho slightest appcaranco of a speculative feeling has been evinced, and the demand for trade purpo3os has been sluggish to a degree. Tho arrival of tho mall steamer with tho European and Indian malls wa noti- fied last week ; but, notwithstanding that tho advices to hand hal o been of a very favourable tenor, no im- petus whatever has been imparted, and as much dul- ness bas prevailed after as before the arrival of the steamer. In bulk beers there has been com* paratlvcly nothing doing. Tho first shipment of Joule's now lirew was received a fortnight ago. Bottled stouts aro slightly lower. Oornsactts have declined considerably. Gunnies aro a trifle firmer. Candles bave not altered. In cement, chicory, chemicals, coffee, confectionery, cordage, flin, fruits, unpowder, and nieláis, the business dene has been ol a limited character. Breadstuff« havo boon subjected to.very little chango ; supplies havecomo forward very »lowly. Feeding grains have had to submit to con. siderable fluctuations. Hops havo met with a good deal of inquiiy. Mnlt boa not been in much request. In oils korosono has attracted attention, though sales havo not boon extensive. Ollmon's stores command notice to a fair extent. Provisions havo likewise boon moved off. .Quicksilver, ia centred in one hand, and Illili rates are required. Elco has boen dealt In moro oxto.Tilvely at aomowbat low rates. In sugar a largo business was done In tho beginning of the month. Teas have mot with notice Tobaccoos show a con Btderablo Improvement. In wines and spirits a largo business has been dono at reduced rates. Alo and Stoat.-Business has been quiet throughout iho month, and moro especially so as the eeasen- for bulk bior ¡Bat amena, and supplies of the new brew havo scarcely yot commenced to arrive. Stocks of Marrlan'a have become quite exhausted, and what remains of Joulo's la not much ; of the latter brand, sales havo beon made tor trado purposes at £8. The Dhuleep Singh brought, about 10 days, ago, tho first; (shipment of the new brew of this brand, and the enUic shipment-100 hhda.-was cleared' off- in one line at a vory full figure; weundortand that from £8 10s. to £8 15s. will be required. A iow iuslgnift cant lots of Whitbread's bulk stout havo found pur- chasers at £6 in bond, and £0 5s. duty paid. Tnoro in a continued steady demand for Wild's colonial XX and XXX stout, both for town and country trade. Tho No. 3 palo alo ia much sought after, both in bulk and bottlo. Bottled boors havo mot with vory moderato attontlon ; for tho moro favourlto brands of bottled ales a good demand for trado pur- poses bas been experienced. Tennant'e has boen quitted at 10s. Fiazor's has also met with buyers at up to 10s. Devcnlsh's has boon dlsposod of, according to quality, at prices ranging from 03. Oil. to 10s. Blood's has been quitted at 0s. Od., and Allsopp's, Friend's bottling, has ruled at from 9s. to 9s. Od. »ales of Arrol's aro efloctod at 8s. 9d. Altkon'a. a very sale- able nie, commands up to 8s. Od. Jeffrey's is disposed of in trado parcels at 8s. 3d. to 8s. Cd. Bottled stouts have boen moved off on rather easier terms. Some largo shipments of good brands, but out of condition, bave also been cleared off at low prices ; this circum stnnco bas proved an ovil, and has chocked for tho timo being tho free disposal of fine brands, lu good condition, for whioh lovvor rates havo had to bo accepted, to cnablo saslsfactory pro- gress in sales to bo mudo. Kdmond's Pig brand has boen quitted at 9s. 9d. Burke's has been disposed of at 9s. Od. for small pareóla, whilo to purchasers of quantities a concctslon on that figure would not be i of used. Henry Whito and Co. 's, in Bound and mor cbantablo condition, Billi realises 0s. Gd. Sales of Mnchen's aro reported at 9s. Od. Considerable pal eels of Blood's continuo to bo disposed of at 9s. (id. O'Biicn's dagger brand moots with favour at 9s. 3d. Byass's has been quitted at 8s. 3d. to 8). Od. Somo largo parcels af Borthwick's havo boen cloared elf uiidorlho hammer at from 7s. 6d. to 7s. 7d.; at one time a shipment of 1,000 coses was so got rid of at our quotation, and other parcels havo also boen sold at various poriods. Bagging.-Previous to the mail's arrival a considor ublo demand for cornsaeks was oxporionced, and transactions to the extent of SOO bales in tbe wook just previous carno under our notlco at 12s. to 12s. lid., besides numerous Bales for trado purposes at up to 12s. 3d. The uncxpectod arrival of about 400 balos from Adelaide, together with tho adview of a much larger ehipmont from homo than was anticipated, bavo, howevor, since combined to change tbo previous buoyant tono of tho market to one of dulnoss and heaviness, and a decline of fully Cd. to Od. in the courso of the last fortnight bas to bo rocorded ; Us. 1U1. Is now quoted, but to quit stock tho fooling is that 11B. Od. would not bo refused. Woolpacks aro still out of dato, and the price remains nominal at 3s. 4d. to 3s 5d. Gunnies havo beon favoured with moro inquiry ; but as there has hitherto been too nido a difference between holdors and buyors, no large sales havo been effected. Ono parcel of 60 bales was quittid at 7s. 4Jd., but the parcels offered in tho auction rooms havo generally been withdrawn for much higher rates. Boots and Shoes, &c.-At; tho'weekly Bales in the courso of the month 1,060 packages boot and shoos, comprising Stead and Simpson's, A. and W. Flateau's, and other makers' goods, wero disposed of. The prices obtained havo generally been considorod satisfactory. At the last of these sales, held this week, tho follow- ing prlccB nero realised :-Men's elastic side boots brought 9s. 9d. to 12s. 0(1 ; women's kid do., 5s. 3d. to 7s. Cd. ; do. lasting do , 5s. Id. to Gd. ; do. cash- mere,'spring hells, 3s. -Id. to 43 ; do. do., military hco'e, 3s 9d. to 4s. Gd. ; children's balmorals, Is. 2d. to 2s. Od. Leathorware.-Kangaroo skins sold at Is. Od. per lb. ; Wallaby do. at 2s. 8d. ; 400 sides medium crop leather wore quitted at 9d. per lb. ; 60 sides light realised 8d. ; and a parcel of kip was placed at Is. Od. Caudles maintain the Burne unsatisfactory appear- ance wo buvo been compollod to report for sovoral months past, for, although a doclino bos beon pro vented by tho clearing off the niarkot at a full prico of any large parcels likely to affect values, yot It has been found impossible to establish any decided im- provement. About 3,000 boxes havo beon disposed of through the auction-rooms, at from 10|d. to 10|d. for best brands, in sound condition, willie privately somo 0,000 boxes were sold at up to lOJd. Amongst tho latter appeared onu Uno of 4,200 boxes, in addition to the ordinary demand for trado requirements at lOfjd. to lCVJd, for best brands, and 10}d. to lOJd. for otberbranUB. Tho Neva Company quoto 11 Jd, The Sumatra, from Leith, had 2,500cwt on board for the Nova Company hero ; unfortunately, however, this shipment in ''Stables'Circular" appoarod only as 250 cwt., and the mistake might havo dune sorloua injury to the market bad it not boen for tho courtesy of the agents for the company, who enabled us to correct the mistake. Cement.-The market has undorgono little chango for although Importations havo been on a fair scale bupplics in almost all instances havo gono into stook direct into tho hands of tbo trado, and consequently value« have not been much influenced either way. Transactions havo not been by any moana large, sales having been confined to supplying trade icqulrouiouta. Good brands of Fortland havo been saleable at 16s., and for best brands we do not quoto under 10s. Od. In American planter little business has beon done. Importers of tho finer descriptions havo bold for 12s. oil., anil on several occasions,'when they offered by auction, preferred to withdraw rather than take tho bids at loner limits made on such occasions. Wo understand, however, that for 100 barrels, ex Agate, sold this week, the low figuro of Sa. 3d. was ac- cepted. Chemicals of all descriptions aro in a most misorablo state of dulness, and no sign of improvement ia per- ceptible. Soda crystals havo with difficulty mot with purchasers in moderato parcels at from £7 to £7 6s. and havo been Bold by auction ns low as £0 10s Car- bonate hoB maintained a nominal value of £14 to £14 10s. Caustlo soda met with attention somo Uttlo timo ago, when about 70 tons vvoro cleared off at £17 ; In- quiry has chico ceased and the market romains in a stagnant position ; tbo stock held is very heavy. Flower of sulphur has declinod to £20, at which in- quiry ie insignificant. Tarlarlc acid is nominal at Is. Od. to 1B. 7}d., according to package An exceptional salo has, however, transpired at Is. 4d. Oroam of tartar la In slow sale at 12d. to 14d. Propared opium, under the pressure of larger supplies, baa doollned to 24s. 6d. Chicory.-The trade dono in imported brands Is ox tremcly trilling, tlieBO having beon completely super- seded In the local market by colonial grown. For tbo former wo quote 23d. in bond; the latter moots with a ready Bale at 5d. to fijd. Coffee.-Avery quiot month boa been passed in this market, and only a moderato domand has oxistod for local trade purposes, whllo Inquirios for export to tho other colonies have as a rule beon vory trilling, and aa the stock held is wholly In tho handBof tho doilors, no ktcrclinngo between the largor buyers haB taken place. Quotations for best plantation havo stood at f>j<l. to 0;|d. The value of Uno Java haa rulod at Cd. to 7Jd. For Nativo Ceylon wo quoto 6Jd. to Od From Colombo our advicca reach to 27th December, up to which porlod no departures for tho colonies had takon placo, but tho Bollo was expected to lcavo on tho 7th uf January, and tho Stanley a short timo afterwards, both with cargoes on Melbourne account. Confectlonory.-Wo noto Balee to a modorate oxtont. lCciller's assortments have met with a ready markot at 0}d. For Wotherspoon'B, which havo not boen much dealt in, wo quoto 9d , but sales under tho hammer have como undor our notice at 8|jd. to 8Jd. Sales of candled pool continue to bo effected at 14d. to 14jd. Jujubes arc quitted at 13Jd. to 14J. Cordage-Wo noto a mont unsatisfactory market. Complaints ot dulnosB havo been voryprovalont during tho month. The demand oven for trado requirements lias been of very llltlo account indood. Wo mako no change in quotations. Half to three-quarter lneh sizes Victorian-niado cordage are quitted at 8Jd. Assott nicnts eno to four and a half inch sizes aro dlsposod of at £03. For Hat ropo £78 is obtained. Seaming, twines are moved off at lSJd. We noto a slight in-' quiry for roping twino at 18Jd. Tea twine was sold by auction at Od. to 0?,d., and ball twino at 3s. to 4s. Od. per dozen Fish.-Scotch lingflsh baa boon firmly maintained at Cd. A ehlpmentfrom Boston, por Agate, was cloarod off this week undor tho hammer at 4d. to 4}d. por lb. in boxes, and S^d. In tierces. At same timo mackorol, in kits, was sold at Ss. lib. salmon, Morton's, is saleable at 14s. to 14°. 3d. ; American ia qulttod at 13s. Od. to 18s. Od. Halves sardines moot with a roady aalo at 10B. to 10s. ljd-, and quartora find purchasers at 5s. 4 Jd. to 5s Od. ; lib. oysters aro quoted at 7s. 3d.; for lobsters 7s. Od. baa boonwantod, but this week salcB have boen made at the reduced 6gure of 7s. 3d. lied beninga in tins aro quitted at 24». if sound and well conditioned ; lib. borrings aro dlsposod of at fls. 9d.; for wbito herring*, In half-barrels, 82s. Gd. Is ob- tained. Fruits.-Slnco tho new year has sot lu, nothing whatever has beon dono In dried fruits, and holders finding It useless to press Bales havo been content to let tho markot tako Its own course. A slight Inquiry lias been. experienced for currants since tho mall's arrival, but It has led to nothing; wo quoto 4Jd. for fair samples; for really primo fruit 4¡}d. Is asked Thero has beon no inquiry whatever for raisins, and our quotations of 4Jd. for Capo, Elomo, and Valencia have not during the month assumed more than a nominal aspect. Sultana are quoted at from 4d. to 6jd-, according to quality. Musealol havo beon sold at prices rising, according to quality, from 7d. to OJd. Figs havo been vory acareo, and saleablo at as high as 9d. Dried apples are disposed of at 6]d. to 7d. Flour and Grain.-After the departure of tho last mail, values of brcadstuffs stiffened somowhat, and an advanco of 10s. per ton was put upon flour, at which the pilco slnco bas étend, say from £12 to £12 10s. ; the piincipal eales beyond mero trade require- ments have been effected at auction, and prices ranging from £1110s. to £12 10s. have beon obtalnod, Supplies, generally spoaklng, havo como forward very sparingly. This week, howevor, there is an appoar ancc of more coming forward, and now flour has neon deposed of under the hammer at £12. Very little wheat Indeed has come te hand ; for such parcels at havo been placed on tho markot 5s, Od. to 6s. 3d. lias been got. Slnco the harvest has commenced to be gathered In, opinions of the jlold havo boon vory eon fl'ctlng. On tbo wbolo, however, though a great falling off haB occurred In many places, It is generally allowed that the final result cannot bo othorwlso than moat satisfactory, and far beyond our own require- ments. Tbo arrival of tho Llzzto Kose at Sydnoy from San Francisco, nlth 500 tons of flour, was announcod on Hie 21st. She brought dates from California to 20th November. A further doclino on wheat In Eng- land affected the Californian markets, Tho Mary and Edith bad been taken off the berth for Australia, and was to load lumber at Pugot Sound, as was also the ship Nation's Hope. Flour waa quoted at 4dol. to 4.76dol. ; wheat, 1.60dol. to 1.55dol. ; barley, 00c.; oats, L35dol. Feeding grains havo fluctuated very consider- ably, more especially maize, which rose from 3s. 3d. to 3s. Sd., then went up to 4s., and aftorwards receded to 3s. fid., at which the price now stands, with a de- clining ratbor than a firmer tendoncy. The markot was .at one time almost entirely cleared of oats, and prices In conséquence wore run up to 4B. 4d. ; new Victorian are now, however, coming into market, and realise 3«, 8d toSs 9d ; fino old how ¿ealand aro still saleable at up to 4s Bran has stood at Is 4 Jd , but this price la not expected to eland Colonial oatmeal, town mills, has maintained a steady quotation of £22. Pearl barley la quoted at £2810s to £29 Gunpowder -Blasting ponder has mot with little or no inquiry and thcsalcB > ccorded lim ebcen v or} trilling, while any chango in price sinco our last lias been lu favour of buyers Ball's cannot bo quoted over ojd , quotations for Kamcs bavo ruled at fifd , outsldo brands can bo purchased at 6Jd Hope, owing to home advices, ha\ omet with specu- lative attention, and considerable parcels ha\o boon quitted at prices Bhow ing great firmness ; holders of now £9 moro especially, aro most sanguine of aeemg a much higher scale of prices yet ruling Numerous shipments bave been disposed of during the last fort- night at Is 9d to Is lOd , good 68 havo been sold in largo lines at Is to Is 2d , and faulty havo been quitted at 7d to 9d ; American havo been got rid of by auction at 6} to 8Jd , and Bavarian at 9d Malt.-The market is steadior Trade sales aro now generally effected of prime samples at 0s Oil to IBs , medium qualities are quitted at 9s 6d Sinco tho arrival of tho mall steamer considerably more firm- ness has been evinced In the market Metals -Nothing of a special character has come under our notlco in this morkot Groat duluess has prevailed, and, as a rulo, tho tendency of prices has been towards lower ratos Thcro has, howe*cr, boon no great decline In any «lnglo article Pig iron has beon sold In quantity at £4 4s , but the trade price of late has stood at£4 ft (k1, to £4 10s. Gah aulsed Iron has met with a very Blow salo Scotch 20 gaugo, Is quitted at £22 to £22 10s , not much busiucas has been reported Ordinary brands of English havo also beon sluggish in their movemonts and values lia\o receded to £2410s to £25 , boat brands have found buyers at £20 for 20 gauge This week 52 cases ox Lansdowne and Wliito Itoso of Braby a- moke woro got rid of at £2110s to £28 for 20 gauge Bar and rod Iron are steady at £0 to £10 10s , according to brand Sheet Ironía without animation Assortments of Kos 8 to l8 rea Uno £11103., Nos 20 to 20 assorted aro salcablo at £13 10s Plate Iron bos been dull and neglected , wo quoto £1110s. to £1? Hoop Iron Is quite unBalo able Stocks aro largo, and as the wool season Is nearly over, tho niarkot is likely to rule heavy for a 1 Dg time to come Tbcro has Doon less Inquiry for fencing wire, and rather easier rates havo been ruling No« 6 7, 8, and 9 aro quitted at £16 10s , £16 10s, £17 10s , and £1810s Sheet lead has boon sold for trade purposes at £26 10s Shot is without anima tlon , we quoto £28. Tin plates havo boon quitted at 10 per cent to 12J per cent advance on invoice Salis of Munt? metal lm\o been made at 7]d Ew bank s nails aro also lower , sales aro rocordud at 2.J ] or coat off Hat price American nails Btand at 10s but they aro altogether neglected Collins a and Sharpe s 1 cavy axes 1 ave found bil) ors at 73s Ames s blio\ ela have been maintained at 03s Day's D H ehovols 34in to SOin , aro quitted at 60s Othor makers samo size, are got rid of at 48a Quotations for hollow aro range at from 80 to 331 per cent off list Oils -Thero has boen a good deal of excitement In regard to kcroseno though transactions havo not leen extensive Somo 6,000 cases or so wore sold the week of tho mails arrival in anticipation of ad vanccd rates being subsequently established The receipt of nth lees from America roporting the depar turcs for tho month at 6 600 cases for Melbourne and 2,000 cases for Adolaldo imparted fltuincsi to holders, but nt tho Bamo timo checked business tho I igher rates required lia; ing had the effect of keeping bujers back A considerable parcel of Phoiolito, Brilliant and Downers is said to havo changed hands this week at up to 2s 3Jd for Downers, ami tto olliors in proportion, but tho dis I ositlon to pay such prices Is by no moans genoral Castor oil la firm at 4s 4d to 4s 5d in bond, the demand however lias \ or j much fallon off Linseed vii la castor with a dull market Drums roaliso duty paid, 4s and casks aro offered at 3s Sd Colza Is i eglcctcd, stocks are light, 5s is required for drums and 4s 9d for bulk Sales of olivo oil aro recordod at 0? tor drum and 6s Od for bulk Thoro Is little doing in Ohlncso, we quoto 3s Od to 3s lOd Polar oil Is dlBpesed of at £43 Oilmen's StorcB -A fair amount of business has been transacted In stores Supplies aro not exceaalvo The market is well supported, and very full rates generally aro realised Pickles aro very scarco and much wanted Of Morton a the markot Is particularly hare Common brands havo been sold at 7s Oil to 8s , medium brands at 0s Gd to 10s 6d , and Balos of C andll oro recordod at 11B 4Jd to 11s Od As fortcd bottled fruits aro valued at 11s , and black currants aro quitted at 11s Oil Sales of lib jims aro recorded at from 0s to 8s Od By auction wo noto eales this week of assorted at 7s 3d to 7s Od Salad oils In quarts, realise from 20s Gd to 21s Od , according to brand Salos of pints are montloncd at 11s to 10s Od , half pinta find bujers at Us Od to 7s 3d Small decanter oil was sold at 8s 6d Castor oil lu pints commanda 9B and half pints havo boen dis posed of at 4s 9d to 5s Wo quoto tor saúcos 6s Od to 8s Oil for ordinary to good and up to 10s for C1 and B Capers aro quitted at 0s Od Quart vinegar has been sold at 6s 6d to 8s Oil London ^incfear was placed at 2s duty paid while Bullniau's vinegar, in demijohns brought 2a. to 2s l]d in bond Glass jar salt has boon quitted at 4s 3d per dozen Column's mustard ii 71b tins meets w lill n ready salo at 8Jd por lb , lib tins aro got rid of at 10s 6d and half pound at On Od Keene a realises Sd por lb , and 10s to 10s 3d, and 6s to 6s 8d respectively Whtto starch IB saleable at Sid and blue starch at 5d Thuuibbluo commands 10Jil Matches ha\ o boon quitted at 2s 9d to 2s 10Jd Sago is in slow salo at 2Jd , and ma caroni and vermicelli are nioied of at Sid to9d White pepper meets with a inodorato trade Inquiry at 7d , black pepper Is disposed of at Sd Pro\ Isione -Wo noto a fair domaud for good colonial butter at 8}d to Od Chceso is also worked off ni Sd to lOd victorian made choeso was this week sold by auction at from 7d to 7Jd Hums are not much wanted, wo quote Is tol4d , and bacon realises lljd Thero is little doing In imported , a small ship n ont of Sinclair e was sold at 1B Sd Irnporlod cheoso also finds buyors at up to Is 4d for very primo quality Quicksilver- Sinco our last roport, a parcel of this metal was sold at 2s 2d , and sinco stocks havo thuB l,ot centred In ono hand sales lmo boon mado at 2s, .lil The demand, however, is far from hvoly Bice -Notwithstanding the closo of the season, and n natural desire on the port of holdors to got rid of old before the new rice comos to market, transactions, wich one or two cxcoptisns, have not been by any means on an oxtensho scale Just preilous to the mails arrl\al a Uno of 160 tona Fatua was cleared off on private terms, and tho final i-ale of a spéculation ontcrod into 10 months ago was mado this week, when some 1,504 bagB, in faulty cou ditton, were got rid of by auction at middling prices for net cash Tor llncB of 5) tons we understand that £20 1B aBkcd, but thero Is uo Ufo or spirit In tho market Java town mill drcascd rico baa mot with a 1 ettcr inquiry at up to £20 10s , and amongst tho bales recorded is a Uno of 100 tons For Bocdhl Halan, table rico £19 to £10 10s is requlrod and ordinary Java Is quoted at £17 10s , wo nota the sala j estent ay of 200 tons at £17 In tho beginning of tliamonth, say on tho 6th instant thoarrhal of tho Trances Henty, from Bangkok, was reported, with a cargo of 2 528 bagB rico and 4 223 bags in paddy Tho advices to band by tho mail aro \ery favourable with tho excoptton of thono from Hong Kong from whence shipments bavo once moro commenced on a heavj scalo Tho Whirlwind (since urrh oil) had sallod with 700 tons, md two othor \oseóla were loading From Calcutta our dates, via Gallo, by telegraph resell to 27th Do cember, up to which time no vessel was loading far the tolonleB Tho iBabolla Brown had arrived from Melbourne There was a largo oxport trado dono at S igon and Bangkok, but thora was nothing reported OB coming to Australia At Batalla rico was scarco, and iking Snlt has maintained one uniform aspect of dulncss, hoavincss, and want of animation ¡jales In no In- stance havo gone boyond trado requirements, and in parcels of 10 to 20 tons up to £4 5s has boen roa Used for coarse and One, and certainly with the heavy loss entailed on shippors at tho ratos hitherto quotod it is to bo hopod that shipments for somo timo may bo kept within the bounds of moderation, as those of the last two months have provod Sugar -During tho early part of the month a \ory largo amount of business was transacted In this staplo Of lato, however supplies bavo not carno forward so fieoly and as stocks havo boon getting rapidly ro duced, that circumstance has boen taken advantage of to establish a riso In prices Throughout Hie wcok just closed considerable activity has been e\hibltcd and somo 5,000 to 0 000 bags havo changod hands at an Improvement on the rates piovlousl} realised by auction Tho following lalee havo boon effected -On Vi cdnosday tho 5th Inst somo 3 200 bogs Mauritius forming tho damaged I ortion of sovoral shipments woro cloarod off undor tho hammer at middling prices Tho cargo of Bour bon r-ugar, ex Jano, amounting to 12 400 largo and »mell bags was nffored publlclj on tho samo day , 0100 bags wcro disposed of Yellow countors woro 1 laced at £32 10s low countors and browns at £80 15s, low browns at £28 to £20 5s , and low rations at £20 10s to £26 15s nor ton On tho 7lb, tho cargo of Mauritius sugar ox Ieabollo Henriotto t omprlelng 5 547 bagB, was snbmltted to public com petition, e\oiy bag of which, with tho oxcoptlon of a damaged lot lound purchasers, at priées which show ed an advanco on provlous Balos rino browns to low y ellows brought 31B 6d to 82a , good yollow s to extra finest, 83s Od to 37B , finest counters 34s Od to 15B , and middling to good whito, 33s to 89a 6d On tholOth the damaged portion of tho K II JoneBscargo e f Mauritius, onion ting to 4 818 bags, was cleared off at middling prices On tho 12th, the cargo of South Amorican sugar lately orrie ed per Kate Oonloj,com pi using 4,260 bags, was submitted to pabilo compe- tition, with all faultB, as it stood A fair attendance of the trade was sccurod, and the whole wts eleared off at from 27B Od for browns to 31s 3d for (rood counters On tho day follow ing the entiro oargo i f Mauritius, ex Sarah, waa o flor ed lor salo Somo 4,209 tags woro disposed of at vory full prices Kations I rouglit 27e Cd to 20s 3d , browns, 30s to 30s Sd , good yollowB 33s Od , fino to finest J4s Od to 80s Od , and low to good white, 37s Od to 381 Od Duiing tho last fortnight business has hoon con- fined to the clearing off of faulty parcels The damaged portions of tho Imbcllo Henriette and of the It. II JonoB, about 1 300 bags woro sold on the 17th On tho 18th the Sarah s damaged portion 729 bags, waa quitted at middling prices, and 1 425 bags China au¡,ar and 90S bags Ja\a sugar, ex Cliarilo Palmer weregotrld of on thol9lhatvorj full prices, condition considered On the 24th 1 576 bags China sugars, ox Marquis of Argyle and Joshua Bates, woro disposed of at 30s to 80s Od for middling to good tounters Wo bavo bean »bown saniplosof a Blilpmont i f 70 casks Tahltlrin grown sugar, consigned to Moasra R. Cohen and Co, of this city Tho qualltlos aro second and third counters, and as Buch aro equal to tho best over grown In Mauritius Tho i hlpnicntlB not moro than about 12 tons, but consider able interest Is attachod to the samo no\ ortholoaa, as I ein g the first of the kind recoHed from au Island jot tlettlned lorlial the productions of older countries Ibis »mall parcel has Binoo boon takenup at £30 per ton overhead 1 200 bags Bourbon damaged sugars ex Jane, woro sold on the 20th, at from £26 to £3010s Timber -Tho markot has throughout the month boen characterised by treat depression, and of lato no salea can be effected unios« at a vory groat sacrifice The whole cf the trado are overstocked and an im provement cmnot possibly bo lookod for, unless ship rnrnU to this quarter cease for some time to como at least It Is stated upon good authority that thoro Is now fully 12 months' supply lutlio bauds of the trado During tho first week of the mall month tho only sale offected comprised spruce deals ptno shelving, and laths, ex 8arah E. Klnsbury , the spruce duals were disposed of at 23d , a prlco which scarcely does more than coi er freight and charges. Lumber wai sold at £8 In the course o! the samo week. On the night of tboOlhlnBt., one of the largest timber yards In the city, with its entire stock, was completely destroyed by fire On lw md»y the 11th, the sales which comprised the buKc °j 'no',T10 *». that week, embraced S 934 rod "«»Is DDD-ll x 3 which wero quitted at 4d. 7 IGlhs nor foot 9x3, 0x3 realised 4d 8 lOthB to 4}d 9 x * *W »ad 7 x 8 4}d per foot 9 X » Thirty thro» thousand paling«, five foot, wore sold at 9a 9d per 100 Scotch flooring, ex White Roso and Mangalore, to the tJiteiK, of 1 093,736ft met with purchasers at prices ranging from 0» Od. to 7s for 0 x J to 10s 3d for 6 x 1} 20,000 six out weatherboards woro placed at 6) and 80 000 four out at 6s Od to 7s , 133000ft Billie flooring, red ex MIndet, realised 10s Gd. to 11s , aud. 47,C00ft white, 9s On the 17th a quantity ol Oregon timber ex Martha Rideout, from Burrands Inlet Pugct Sound, was offerod for sale A portion o( the cargo was placed at satisfactory prices , the balance \\\ as withdrawn for higher rates A cargo of spruce deals ox Borneo, from St John's, N B , was also sold and r-aliBCd all faults, 2Jd to 211 16d per foot 9 x J Tho cargo of white pmc ex Leonidas fron» Maryborough Queensland, was got rid of at vory low ratos On the 25th there was sold ox Molmorbr, Dunbar Castle ice , 1167,740ft. red and white Scotch flooring and neathorboards at 3s 7d to Us Od per 100ft running, ex Agato, 00 000ft. T and G spruce flooring at 6s Od por 100ft running , 124 pieces Sin spruce deals at 2d 11 lOths per foot 9x3, 86 015ft clear pine nt £14 2s Od to £15 7s Gd per 1 000ft , 285 doers at 17s 6d to 22s 3d each And on tbo same day the entirocargo of Norwegian T and G flooring ex Hording consisting of 1114 lUlt, was quitted at for 0x1} white), 8s Gd , 0x11 red, 10s , 6 x li white, 8s Gd , G x 1 red and white, 7s (Id , 0 x | red and whlto, 7s 3d to 7a Gd-, 0 x i red and »luto 5a Od 0 x g red and white 4s lOd to 5B Gd 6x11 red and white, 6s Gd to Ss , 5 x 1 red and white 6s 3d 870 pieces 8x30x3 10 x3,11 x2 red deals realised 4d 8 IGtliB per foot of 9 x 3 Ex Armin, 140 000ft whito T and G G x } badly damaged brought Gs Od 6 x g 4s 6d 0 x li 6s por 100ft lineal The cargo of red and white flooring ex Rolina Maria was offerod on Friday and realised from 3s lOd to 10s per 100ft running Ex En\ oy-29 707ft c1« ar pine, at £14 to £15 6s per 1 OOOIt , 30 OQOft. whlto pino »helving at £10 2B Od to £10 6s do , 4J,O0Olt whito pine T and G flooring at £7 5s do , 27 000ft pitch pino T and G flooring at 9s Gd. por lOOft running, 28 000 4ft laths, at 259 por IOHO Ex Prairie-Cargo Taylor s Bay lindwood, containing 73 000ft, at 7s 8d to 9s Gd por 100ft superficial Tea -Messrs James Curio Robortson and Co In their usual monthly circular, report as follows - ' The mail ateamor Avoca arrived on the 21at test, with dates from Hong Kong to 14th Docombor, 1869, and Too Choo only to 80th Doccmbor 1809 Since the dato of our last circular tho market has contlnuod activo and tho prices then quoted have boon main tnlned Notwithstanding tho excessive, quantity of teas to band Importers hold with firmness Trade sale; although not of any magnitude, havo boon numer ous extending over all descriptions Tho market 1 as assumed a decidedly Armor tono tor the finest descriptiona of Congou of first arrivals, but othors havo not much improved Sidings and brokon leaf havo been Balcablo privately, in small par eels at hotter rates showing an advance of about Id per lb on provious montli s quotations, ordi nary to good ordinary, has beou Bold at from lOJd to lljd , mixed leaf kinds up to mixed leaf kinds with flavour, are In good demand at f om la }d to Is 3Jd blackish leaf to blackish leaf kinds strong with flavour havo experienced con eldcrahlc inquiry at from Is 4d to 1B 7d , Bocond class kalsovvs aro moving off at full rates llnost 1 aisovvs aro very firm, scouted orange pekoes and green teas aro unaltered Auotion Sales -Ou tue 6th January the residuo of tho cargo ox Hauovor was offered and tho whole passed in for private sain. Importers liewa overreaching thoso of tho trade Privately 1 600 packages oxohangeú hands at firm ratea On tho 10th tho balance of tho Japan a cargo consisting «1605 clients, 2 077 J cliosta was submitted, and only 416 chests woro Bold tho biddings not being satisfactory to the importors On tho 13th the re- siduo of tho M W Sass Teas last season s, amounting to885pnckagos was disposed of at from lid to 12Jd in bond On tho 14th tho taloneo of Woodbine s Toas, 478 cheeta, 2201 half eheste and 1206 boxes was offerod and nearly the whole disposed of at prices ranging from lOd to Is 2}d tor low to good common, la 3}d to la 6Jd for low to medium and Is Old to la 9}d for good to fine medium On ti o 19th the carno ox Constance amounting to 8000 packages was offered Tho bidding showed little animation, jet about 6000 packages wero quitted at figures Bustainiug previous rates Tho finer portion of the cargo was withdrawn for higher rates than tho trado Bcomod dlsposod to give On tbo 24th tbo damaged portion of the cargo ex Conatanco, 007 packages congou scontcd orange ) c1 oo and gunpowder, realising middling prices On the 2Sth balance of fancy teas ox Blairmore and Marquis of Argyle, 3400 packages, and sold 3001 packages at fair prlceB An ¡vals at Melbourne - January 26-Whirlwind from Hong Kong, with 60 0001b possago 69 days January 20-Lass of Gawler from Foo-Ohovv with 257 8001b , possago 69 davB Tho deliveries for tho past month havo boon 3S4 7231b , against 148,1681b at samo timo last j oar 'J ho stock In bond in Melbourno on tho 22ud Inst was 4 4,4 8171b .agalnstC 476 9011b on Tob 1 1869 Our quotations aro -Congou-Dust and sittings, 7ld. to 9d , broken Foo chow, Od. to 9Jd , ordinary te good ordinary, lOJd to 11 jd ,mixod loaf kinds. Is Old. to Is 2d , do, with Uttlo flavour, la 21d to Is 3JJ , blackish leaf kinds, Is 4Jd to Is 6d , do , strong, Is 6ld to Is Gd , do, strong, w ith flavour, Is Gd to Is 7d , do , kalsow kinds, rather strong, Is 8d to Is lOd , do , pokoe sou chong and pol oo flavour, Is lid to 2s Gd , do , Uno i ich pokoo souchong flavour, 2s 3d to 2a 4jd ; do , vory Uno do, 2s 5d to 2s 7d , souchong, common la to Is 2d , middling to Ano Is 3d to Is 4d , orango pokoe, scouted ordinary and buken Is 3d to la 4d , do , goon to (Ino, Is Gd to Is 8d . do , finest country kind, Is lOd to Is lid , caper, scented common to middling, Is Id to la 4Jd , do middling to Ano, Is 6d to Is 7d , young hyson, common, 11(1 tole Id , good to Ano, Is 6d to Is ¡Si; finest, nono gunpowdor Canton, good to Uno, lOJd tola 8d Abovo quotations aro at por lb lil bond for chests (boxes being wortn 2d por lb more). Dutv on toa in Victoria 3d per lb Tobacco -Wo note an improving markot Early in tho month a vor) largo trado was done both prlvatolr and by public auction Tho month oponod out with a brisk demand for all the finor descriptions, as it then became clear that stocka of this class aro barely sufli cient to meet requirements Tho roturn of stock at ] eliodreferrod to showed a largo dooroaso on tons, the. stock of that description having fallon from 12 203 packages to 7 404 and the remainder Included 5 000 1 ackages sent boro as sheepwash The improvement rcforrod to nas sustained throughout tho month and bubscquent to the arrival of tho mall tho markot bore aver) lively appearance, with overy prospect of an sdvancoiu prico bolng ostabllshod Iho shipments ndviEcd from America amount to 128 0001b and fiom England to 148,0001b Tbo following sales effected during tho month will show the c uno of the markot Immediately aftor tho dcpartuio o( tho last mail stoamor, business thovvod consldorablo activity Tho most promlnont knturo in tho week s trado was certainly the sales ro 1 orted of Cameron s goods, o( willoh two shipments of \ onus and Two Soastons half pounds, and St Andrew and Raven s tv 1st wiro soldtoarrlvo provious to the I ubllo Balo of tho Bamo Bblpper s goods on Thursday, II d caused such cxcltomont as Is soldom wltncssod on millar occasions Of ti o parcels Bold to arrivo, amounting to 700 packogos, a considerable portion was subsequently resold at an advanco on tbo oxtrome pi ices realised undor the hammor The bidding at M cdnosday s salo for Quo aromática and ¡Navy was very spirited, and tho prices realised were lu some cases fullv 2d to 3d higher than could havo Leen ttaliscd a month provious On Wodncsday i ho 5th J52 packages varlius description» wore disposed of by auotion and vory satisfactory prices woro realised, Navy fours, fivos, and slxos broueht 0d to Is Id , pounds realisod 13d to 131(1 , ] oclict plecee 11 j d , bars, 8Jd to Is 2d medium Une 8}d to Hld , long aromatic tena 10Jd and I carl rolls, 2s On Thursday tho 0th, tho sale of Cameron a tabaccoos ex Antiope, drew a large at ti udanco of tho trado Great oxcltemont was evinced, mid so much engornets to becomo possossod of a por lion was shown that many of tho lots sold had to bo p| lit up and «divided, in ordor to moot tho wants of tie buyers Four hundred and ninety four packages wiro dlsposod of tons brought Is 4Jd to Is 4]d|, fives Is Od half pounds Is 2Jd to 1B 3}d , slxos, Is Ji(l and Navy, Is 2Jd to Is 3Jd Throughout II o follovvlngwcok oi ding 16th Inst tho markot was extremely qulot,aid beyond an ordinary trado do n and fow sales woro recorded A line of 60 liait Horcos Black Swan twist was sold privately at Is 3d Somo 250 packages, various sorts, woro offorod publicly cn tho 12th but with tho oxcontion of a small tareel of 20 hall Horcos Kerrs twist, Bold at lOld , nothing was dono On tho 21st, 283 packagso v ore «old by nuctlon Twists roallsod Hid to Is ."d , holt pounds OJd to HJd , Navy, 8Jd , pieces, 1» Id , fives 8Jd , bars 0J1 damagod twist sold railed to Is ljd , sixes at7jd , and pieces at Is At au cxtouEiio public salo on tho 20th tho auc tlonccr Buccotdcd in disposing of 074 packages at satisfactory prices, quality and condition considered 11 o tobaccocs Bold w oro mostly old Bhlpmonts, ni d scarcely Buitiblo for prosont requirements i wlsts woro quitted at la 2d , common tens at 5jL to Gd , halt pounds, at 41d to 8jd , pounds, at 41 to Hld , bars, at 7d to Old and fanotes assorted al7àd to OJd On the 27th 800 paokagos of Cameron a aromática woro offered for sale, but almost the wholo v as passed in for higher ratos Yv IncB and Spirits -Very considerable depression continues to bo experience 1 In tills market and only « bon goods aro forced off by auction at low ratos IB ti ero any chanco presented of making salos, thero Is literally nothing doing by prlvato contract Tho chili salo ol tbo month was hold on Thursday tho 13th, and proved more extensivo than any sale re corded througl out tho year 84 hhds 276 quarlor casks and 406 casca wines and brandies wore dlsposod if Fine port wires In bond brought from £70 to £80 por pipo, medium ordinary port £3310s , and iufeilorlow, £10 ti £12 6s do Amontillado ebonies wero placed at £60 per butt, Burdons shorrlci at from £44 to £60 do according to brand , sherry lu case reclined 24B , medium ordinary aborrica fetched £80 10s to £30 10s per butt, low ordinary, £21 to £23 10s. do Rum was quitted at 3s 7Jd to 8B 9d per gallon Honnossy s pale brandy au cording to ago waa sold at from 7B 3d to 7s lOld per gallon , Uartoll s palo and dark brandy at 7s to 7s 4}d do, Champagne Vineyard palo bran ly at Ga lid toGs 4jd do, Denis Mounlo's palo brandy, according to ago, at 7B to 7a 4}d do , PlnotOastillons at 6B 4¿d do , ÍIonneBsy a brandy in caso was quitted at 20s ltd do to 2Gs 3d Denis Mounle's do at 20s, low mixing blandy in bulk, commanded 3s 3d to 4» Jd per gallon, D Fröre a brandy, 5s 3d to 5s 4 Jd do Under Instructions from the dlrootors of tho Warrenheip Distillery Company tho first monthly pale of tbelr spirits was bold when thora wera disposed of 25hbd and 00 quarter casks genova, 400 casos cene va, 5hhd and 10 quarter casks whiskey 140 cases whiskey, and lOhl d and 10 quarter casks whiskey, to A largo salo of wines and brandy was boldon the 2Gtb TIIIH sale cnmprUcd the «tack In the estate of Messrs T and W White and oxtreme priées nore In many Instances roallsod On tho 27th Inst. another largo salo was held, which included tho Melbourno portion of Ibu Freos cargo of Hunts port nine,tho trade however evincing no^dealre to |ur cbaso the whole bad to be passed In At tho same timo Hennessy a palo brandy lu bulk was Bold at 7s per gallon , Martoll s dark do , In bulk, brought 7s do , Otard's palo do , O« 7} I do , B Fröre a palo do , 6s. 3d do In bond , Central Vineyard, 14i per caso in bond , V IL and Co geneva 12a lOJd por case la bond, low cherrie«, £12 16a to £15 por butt, In bond, champagne, in caso, 28s. Gd to 29s 01 nor dozen Privately, a shipment of Otar Is pale brandy, 75 quart ore, waa cleared off at 0s 9d Hennessy^ caso brandy has been quitted In considerable parco!» at 20s 3d. Otard s baa realised 24«, and Martoll a Is quitted, at 24« Gd. Geneva Is In slow sale JDKZ, full strength. Is quoted at 14« to 14s. 3d., and short strength at 12i to 12a. 3d V n & Co's coneva full strength, has been sold at 18s. Jamieson1! whiskey has realised as much as 5s, Cd. Scotch whiskey Is in very B1 J v stale at 3B Sd. to 4a, Burnett's old tom is quitted .it 1 183. u ? - \ MONTHLY AVOOL REPORTS. Messrs. R. GOLDSBROUGU and Co. report:-"Wool, i -Tbc business transacted during the post month has r been largo, considering tho lateness of the season, 120,118 bales having boen catalogued al the auction sales, of which quantity about 14,000 balos have beon sold. Prices have remained tolerably steady at the ratea '' quoted in our last summary, but during tho last fow days must be reported a shade easier, the news re. eelved from England having disappointed tho buyers. , It is truo that tho Novomberand December sales in London bavo closed at tho advanco advised by the , previous mall, but this advanco docs not meet tho ex- pectations formed here, most of the operators in this market having looked forward to a rise of Id, to 21. per pound, Instead of a comparatively trifling im- provement of id. to Id. only. Tho files of catalogues i and account salos received furnish tangible evidence < that London quotations ha\ e been o\ orratcd, and the effect of ibis intelligence has been apparent at tho recent eales, competition being loss spirited th m ' it was before. Tho bulk of the wool brought forward since last roport has boon in fair LOU II ditton, and tho ealeB huvo included n considerable proportion of the Woatern clips. Tneso havo gonc , . jail} been in good order, though in some cases not so ¡ lle.hr, aB last j oar, the bot water soak having boen used {.with moro care and discrimination. We havo n it noticed so many lots gut up to the extremo limit of i drynose, so much complained of In last summor's shipments, nearly all the clips we havo seen having a x soft yolkj fool, and handling noll. There is, howoier, r a largo number of flockmastors who prefor tho old t method of washing with cold water, and tho im- portant question of which process gives tho most i "niu »eratlve return has scarcely as yet hoon satisfactorily .. Bulvcd. Various conjectures ha\o been hazarded about the diminished export of Victorian wool this iBCoson, but most of the estimates made appoar to us to have been given prematurely ned on insufficient data, t Although the season is so far adt anced, it ¡s not oasy to [form a correct calculation of the deficiency in the ,i yield as oomparcd with previous years, so many dis 'turblnglnfluouceB having tobe taken Into considera tlon. For instance, la some seasons tho clip is euora i fully a month carUer than in others ; heneo a cora < parfeon instituted boforo a soason has fairly closed can scarcely bo accepted as conclusive. The deficiency ' ( in the shipments to date Is 25,724 bales; the quantity cleared being 146,454 balos, against 172,178 bales during the corresponding porlod of lastsoa<on. This cannot, however, bo taken as representing tho actual decrease, our opinion, based onestlmatos formed of tho quantity on board ships now loading, tho stocks lu tho warehouses, and tho probablo quantity on tho road, being thatthorewlllboadeflclancv of about20,000baleB. The following BhipB havo cleared for England during i tho month with wool on board :-January 6, City of Vienna, Melbourne for London, 3,252 bales; 7th, Duke of Edinburgh, Geelong for London, 4,750 do. ; 12th, Kate Kcllock, Melbourne for London, 6,201 do ; 13th, Nimrod, Geelong for London, 8,040 do ; 15th, Agamemnon, Molbourno for London, 3,430 do ; 25th, Lansdowne, Molbourno for London, 2,260 do ; 20th, Lincolnshire, Melbourno for London, 1,094 do. Totnl, 23,108 bales ; previous shipments, 123,340 ; total 1st October to dato, 146 464 balos, Bhoiviug a tlecrcaso of 25,724 bales when compared with the corresponding poriod of lost yeir. Prlcos Curront -Greasy.-Inferior, 4Jd. to 5Jd ; ordi- nary, 6Jd. to Old. ; avorago to good, 7d. to 8èd ; gojd to superior, 8JH. to Old Fleece - Interior, 0d. to lid ; ordinary to avorago, 19. to la 2d ; avorago to gool, le. 2d. to Is Cd ; auportor. Is 6d lo Is. lOd Scoured. -Inferior, Gd. to 8il ; ordinary, lOd to Is ; middling to good Is. Id to Is 3d.; suporior, 1B. 4d to Is 7<1. Sheepskins -The BJ stoiu of having almost daily auc- tion eales Booms to increase In favour w ith both otvne s and buyers. During the month a largo quantity of coin Btation dry and green skirs have passed through our hands, nearly all of which have boon sold to tho Bcourcrs. Lato rates havo been fully maintained, and wo quote dry skins as being worth from 8} I to 0J. pet lb" and green skins from 2i. to Ss Od each Poits are fotohlug up to 1«. oaoli Bides.-The quant ty coming forward Is still very limited and U read ly taken up for local consumption. Wo quoto well conditioned hides from 8Jd, to 4Jd per lb For la'go hides prkcB ranging up to 28s each havo been oi , turned. Tallow -Tho Inquiry for tallow Is not vory acth o ; still the market bos continuod tolerably steady, and a considerable quantity has been sold and shipped during tho month. Wo quoto mutton £34 10s to £35 10s. per ton, and beef £33 to £34 por ton. Clearances aro-City of Vienna, for London, 1,161 casks; Duko of Edinburgh, for London, 214 casks; Koto Kcllock, for London, 134 casks; Nimrod, fji London, 11 casks; Agamemnon, for London, 116 casks; Lansdowne, for London, 249 casks ; LinoolnBblro, for London, 245 casks. Total, 2,130 casks." The LONDON and AUSTRALIAN AOVKCV CORI-ORATION (Limited) furnish tho following monthly report for tranamlss'on per Geelong :-*'Wool-Sinco our last this markot has beon tested with a total of IS 405 "bales of wool. Buyers, howevor, aro not eager to pur- chase at tho rates that wero curront at the commence- ment of the season. The desire to obtain wooli for the February Borlos stimulated purchasors in their biddings, and advanced tho price of wool moro than appears to bo warranted by tho advantio In the home maikot Tho expectation was enter- tained that n 'considerable advance would bo ob- tained at tho November sales, and thoso who specu- lated largely in tho hopo of such bolng tho ciso aro in a measure disappointed, and as a result do not cere to maintain the rates formorly paid lu the face there- fore of apparently better nowa we havo seon wools gradually decreasing in laluo, and becoming moro difficult of paloatformor prices Tho greater bulk of tho clip has already beon shipped, and only small pareóla of outside wool aro coming to hand. The Western 1 clips that havo passed the hammor havo as a rufo been In good condition, and brought good pi-Ices. Thellmlted amount of washed WOOIB has no doubt li vi an effect upon prices for this particular class. TI J o most Important of our miction sales have passed by, and after this only minor BOIOS will bo hold The shipments of the month amount to 145,000 bale;. Quotations-Greasy-Inferior, 4d. to 6d per lb ; medium, Od to7d ; good, Sd to Od. Sllpo-Low, 51 to7d. ; good,7d. toDd. Scoured-Inferior, Od. tolOd.; medium, lOd. to 12d. ; good, 13d to 16d. ; suporior, 17d. tolOd. Floeco-Inforlor, 9d. to 10d.; medium, lOd. to 12d. ; good, 12d. to lOd ; Buperior, 17d. to 21d. Tlio following ahips hi» o cleared Bines our last, viz : -1870-January 0, City of A'ionna, 3 252 bales wool ; January 7, Duke of Edinburgh, 1 737 do ; January 11, Colonial Empire, 4,058 do.; January 12, Kate Kellock, 5,261 do. ; January 15, Agamemnon, 8,436 do. ; January 25, Lansdowne, 2,509 do ; January 26, Lincolnshire, 1,094 do ; to which add previous ship- ments, 123,054 do. ; total, 145,001. Tho weekly ship- ments havo beon as below, viz. :-For tho weekending January 1, 1870,1,227,4131b., valuo £8,839; January 8, 870,3361b, £40 379; Jaiiua'y 15, 8,453,4271b, £105,202 ; January 22, 789,1851b , £48 833 ; to whlc i add provlous shipments, from the 11th September to the 25th December, 1809, 23,E01,3901b , £1,058 209 ; total, 34 904,7671b, £2,027,648 Tallow .-The sup- ply Is on the increnso, owing to the great quantity of stock being boiled doten. Buyers are, however, reducing their rates of purchase, as tho tallow now bought w ill reach home durlug tho slack time. Tho ehtpmcnU of the month amount to 2,421 casks, Wo quote mutton tallow at £3d por ton, and for beef and mixed £30 to £38 per ton. Hides - Prices continuo very regular, and all offered aro readily sold at Irom 4il to J JJ per lb. Sheep- skins.-Tho markot ia well supplied, mid largo quantities aro being purchasod and dried for export Wo quoto our sales from 8d to Od. per lb. HASTINGS CU.MNOIIAU and CO report:-"Wool Since buslnoss recommenced after tho Ohrlstmis holidays thero has been fair competition forall classes «I wool ; nevertholom, although tho latcat English nowa shows a rising markot lu London, wo cannot quote an advanco upon tho rates previously ruling , hero ; indeed, wo consider prlcos sinco the date of nur last to bo somo»hat lower, owing, we think, to the buyers having expected more favourable advices than were received bj the mall. Ten sales by auction have boen hold In Melbourno, at which the greater pir tiona of tho catalogues woro disposed of, greasy realising from Cd. to Ojil. ; scoured from Od. to 10d., and llecco from lid. to 18J. per lb Tho shipments sinco last roport aro as follow :-From Hobson's Baj-City of Vienna, 3,253 bales, clearol January 6; Colonial Empiro, 1,012 balos, cleared January 11 ; Kato Kellock, 5,201 bales, cloarod January 12; Agamomnon, 3 436 bales, cleared January 15; Lansdowne, 2,260 balos, January 25; ( Lincolnshire 1,004 bales, January 20. From , Geelong-Duke of Edinburgh. 4,756 bx'ea, cloarod January 7; Nimrod, 3,040 bales, January l8; total 27,161 bales; previous shlpmouts, 123 593 ba'oa ; total , shlpmonts from Oct. 1,1800, to Jan. 20,1870, 150,749 balos. Corresponding poriod 1803 9 176,271 balos; do., , 1867 8,126,010 do. ; do., 1800 7,116,737 do. Probablo quantities of wool to bo tnkon by tho following shipi : -Loch Katrine, 2,800 bales; Empross, 4.000 ¡Thomas Stephens, 5,500; W&vo; of Life, 1,790; Anglosey, ' 2,000. , ShoopsRlns.-Tho eales Blnco last month have been noll attonded, and prices lm\o boon adeauoing as tho Bcoeon for full woolled skins Is drawing to a CIOBO Butchers' green Bklns aro readily saleable at from 2s. to la. oacli. Polls up to lad. each, and lamb- skins up to lSd. each Dry station aklns have Bold at fromSef toOJd porlb. Hldcshavobeenlngooddemand, andhoa\y\\\clglitsba\080Idatfroiii209 to23s Gd each; « light, at from 12a to l8), oaoli ; and calfskins, at from 8d. to 6d per lb. The only slilnmont this month Is 1 ' per Colonial Empire, of 796 hides Tallow.-Thoro Las been a largo «mount of business dono, but prices aro a little weaker than lost month's. Good mutton brought from £34 to £85 poi ton ; nilxod, from £32 ! to £38 ; and beef, from £83 to £31 per ton. Tho Bbovcmenttoned ships tako 2,409 casks for tho London market. 'Kangaroo Skins- Thoro has beon little business doing, and prlcos aro almost nominal." MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATURDAY, JAN. 29, THE MILLS. An avcrago town trado has beon dono sinco our i Wednesday's report, and prlcos as given thoa aro still obtained. Tho following quotations rule:-Flour, £12 10s.; bran, Is. Sd. ; pollard,Is. Sd.; moat, £22; i pearl barloy, £28, RETAIL MARKETS. , There Is no chango to note In the chiot Horns ot con ?' sumption, dalry prodnco, butchers' meat, and poultry remaining stationary lu prlco, and In the quantities brought forward. Prices aro as follow :-Beef, 3d. to fid. per lb. ; mutton, ltd. to 4d. per lb. ; voal, Od. per Ib.; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, 4s. 0d. io 6s. Cd. per pair ; goose, Oa. do. ; ducks, ? C«. to 6s. do. ; turkoya, 14s. to 25s. do. ; clioese, Sd. to Is. 4d. por lb. : eggs, Is. 8d. to Is. Od. per dozen; butter, Is. 2d. to Is. Gd. per lb.; bread, 7d.'per 41b. loaf ; milk, Od. por quart ; hams, Is. to la. »d. per lb. ; bacon, led. to Is. 2d. per lb. ' HAY MARKET. Mr. JAS. FBKTCN reports :-"Tho supply continues. In excess, and without the slightest Indication of any reduction, several loads romalnlng unsold each day. 2uotatloiiB aro as follow :-Hay, £8 to £4 10s.; straw, 210s. to £2 16J." Mewn. BUTLER and Moss report :-" The supply was rather In oxcens of present Inquiry, n lilch is a good average one Former ratos ruled until the lattor part .of tho week, when a slight reduction was concedod lor prime aaaplos. Wo sold this day :-Hay, £3 to SA 10B. ; straw, £2 10s. to £3." > EASTERN MARKET. Thero wai a large markot this morning. Potatoes were In better demand, but peas wero moro plentiful > «than they1 have boen for some wooka past, and lower in prlco. Firat-cuus fruit« were In request, but In- ferior qualities aré very dull of sale. In dairy pro- duce, .butter fas more plentiful, and the market la . active. Eggs wero equal to tho domand at former rates. Poultry was well represented. Tho following were the prices ruling:-Vegetables.-Asparagus, l8. Gd. to 2s. Gd. per 100 ; basil, Is. Gd. per dozon bunehca ; benn», kldnoy, 21d. to 8Jd. per lb. ; beot, 9d. to IB. por dozen ; bouquets, 4s. to 12s. por dozon ; cabbages, Is. to 5B. per dozen ; carrots, 8d. to Is. per dozen bunches; cress, water, Öd. per dozon bunchos ; cucum- bers, prickly, Is. Od. to 2s. Gd. per dozon ; cucumboi -i, long splno, 4B. to 8s. por dozen ; garlic, 2d. to 3d. pur lb. ; horseradish, 8s. to 8s. per dozon bunche» ; lavender, le. per dozen bunches ; lettuoo, Gd. to la. por dozen; marjoram, 9d. per dozen bunche.; mint, Od. per dozon bunches ; onions, dried, 3s. 3d. to 4s. per cwt. ; onions, green, 4d. per dozen bunches ; parsley, 8d. to 9d. per dozen bunches ; parsnips, fid to 1B. per dozon bunches ; poas, ljd. to 2Jd. per lb. ; potatocB, 8a. to 4s. porovvt ; radishes, Gd. per dozon bundies ; rhubarb, la. to 2s. OJ. por dozen bunches ; sago, 9u. per dozon bundies ; savoys, Is. to 2s. 6(1. por dozon ; shallots, 3d. per lb. ; thyme, 9d. per dozen bunches ; turnips, Od. to li. per dozen bunches; tomatoes, 4d. to Gd. per lb ; vego tttble marrows, Is. Od. to 8s. per dozon. Fruits. AlmondB, 2d. to 3d. por lb. ; apples, 2d. to Gd. per lb. ; apricots, Id. to 2d. per lb. ; damsons, 2d. per lh ; Age, Gd. to 8d. por dozon ; grapea, 3d. to 6d. per lb ; mulberries, 4d. to Cd. per lb. ; nectarinos, 3d to G1, per dozen; peaches, Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen; poir.i, ljd. to 4(1. por lb. ; plums, 3Jd. to Gd. per lb.; rasp- berries, 8d. to 10d. por lb. ; stravvhorrlcs, Gd. to l-i. per lb. Dalry Produce-Buttor, Is. Id. to la. 3d. per lb.; cheese, 8d. tolOd.porlb.; ducks, 4s. to 5s. per pair; eggs, Is. 3d. to la. 4d. per dozen; goose, 8i. per pair ; bens, 4s. to 6s. per pair ; honey, Gd. to Od. por lb. ; pigeons, 2s. to 3B. por pair ; pork, Gd. to SJ. pur lb. ; rabbits, 2s. to 4s per pair ; sucking pigs, 10s. to 14B. each ; turkeys, 12s. to 20s. per pair ; hams, la. to la. 2d. por lb. ; bacon, lOd. to Is. por lb. LIVE STOCK. Messrs. DALMAUOY OAMraai, and Co. report :-" F.it Cattlo -During tho past four vvoeks tho supply com- prised 4 819 head, the greater portion of which were from tho north, and wore chiefly mixod qualities, ranging from imorior to primo. Thero has been a blight improvement in prlcea < during the month on beat beef, which is now worth trom 20s. to 22s. Gd. per 1001b., the top figure being only obtainable for prime light weights, Bultablo for tho hot weather. Second quality l8 fotohing from 16B. to 17e. Gd. We have th s week sold 327 bead for Mr. Walter Douglas, Yarrawin Station, tho bullocks at from £6 10s. to £8 2s. 0d-, ave- raging £0 10B.; cows, £410s. to £5 159., averaging £5. Fat Sheep.-Tbis markot haasguin boon greatly over supplied, 124,500havingpassed through thoyardsduring the month, consisting principally of good to inferior dj seriplions, n 1th very fow really primo lots among-t thom. Allot tho latter class havo been readily dh fiosod of at about late quotations, whilst inforlor qu i Itles havo ruled much lovvor. Wo quote pxiaio wothors, 541b., 8s ; do. ewes, 441b. to 401b., Gs. to 03. Gd. ; and have this wook sold 2,804 ewes for Messrs. U. A. and P. Moin, Moolpa, at Ga. Cd.; somo culls at 5i.; 2,043 wothors, for Messrs Laúdalo Brothers, Denili- quin, atGs. Gd. to 7s. Cd.; 2,830 for Mr. A. G. Jonei, Now Stntion, at from 5s. Od. to 5s. 9d.; 420 ovvoa f >r Mr. John Edols, Ingloaton, at 7a. Gd.; 850 do. for tho Bon. W. J. T. Clarke, Rockbank, at 6s. 3d.; 134 du. for Mr. Oeorgo Edols, Dunholen, at from 8s Gd. to 0s. Gd.; and 98 wothors for Mr. Turnor, Pentland-hills, at Cs. Od. MONTHLY REVIEW OP TUB STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Slnco the departure of tho last mail this market has been in a much more satisfactory stato. The Hist week of tho y ear did not show any improvement on tho close of 1809, but Improved prospects in some ot tho loading Ballarat alluvial mines caused a good demand for charca in theso clalma, and the prlcea ad- vancing considerably circulated monoy andlmpirted a healthier tono to tbo markot gonorally ; and during tho past two weoks thora has boon a good business doing, and though tho market ia now quloter, quoU tlots aro flimly maintained. Investment stocks aro in steady request, and the fluctuations slight Tho reduction In tho cost of inland telegraphing has as- sisted in improving tho mining market, and would still further do so, vycio thoro a little more prompt- ness in despatching and dolivoring messages by the dopartment ; but at present tbo delays oxporienced causo gi cat inconvenience and sometimes loss. When thia is rectified the low rates will bring tbo Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Melbourno markets vory oloso, and no doubt greatly improve business. Debentures genorally steady. Government six per conts. show a slight declino. Bank bhares receded early in the month, but aro now steadily recovering. Gas shares not much dealt In, but quotations maintained. The two metropolitan companies have just held their half yearly meetings, and declared usual dividends, In- surance stecke qutot, the loises for 1869 have boon vory heavy. In mining, Ballarat alluvial min s principally dealt in. Tho corlous fall in Hand and Bard occasioned by anticipated dolays consequent on failure of some of tho bores put up, kept the market dull at tho commencement of tho y mr, but improved prospects caused ademand, andarapld advance of over 100 per cont, and this was speedily followed by Parks and other stocks. Somo rich ground lu the Princo of Wales Company helped to keep tbo market buoyant. Tho advance in tinco stocks alone-viz. tho Haud and Band, Park, and Band and Albion Consols shares -show ed in n vveok an Increased markot value of £100,000. Bendigo quartz minos aro Improving, and somo splendid yields aro now being obtained, and In ono company-the Great Extondcd Hustler's-the im- provement in prico in about a week w as from 1 Is. to 22s. Gd. Clunes stocks carno into favour for a few days, but tho demand did not last long, as it was purely speculative, and prices are now settling dow a again. Blackwood stocks sloady, and Stringer's Crock occasionally doalt in. Beechworth and A|exandia quiet, i ho dividends declared slnco 1st ,J.mui y amount to £42,896 15s-, of nhich four public com- panies contribute £16,560, nine alluvial mines £10,114 16s., and 20 quartz £10,222. Thoy aro glron lu detail below. Debentures.- victoria Government sixes ho,vo been rather quiet ; a few transactions, at 111, 110?, and 110J, closing 100offered, masked. Flvo per cents, are steady at 101 buyers, 102 sellers. Molbournc Cor- poration sixes, duo In 1881, have beon pla.ed at 107, 107}; for longer dates higher ratea aro asked. Hobson's Bay Ballway sixes dealt In at 104}, at which still obtainable, and buyers at 103; fives Bold at 93, 02J, closing buy ers 92, sellers £93 Some Collingwood Gas sevens in tho market at 110}. Banks.-Colonial Bank havo beon quiet, but Arm; a few sales within the last week nt £7, and held for tho same rate, wl'h buyers at £017s. Gd., but not much demand. Com-, merdai Bank receded to £4 4s, but at this low rato buyors carno forward, and they bare since steadily advanced to saleB at £4 9s. Tho closing quotation is £4 7s. buyers, £4 9i. i soller-i. National have been sold at £013s. to £6 Ila. Od., aud improved to £6 12s. Gd , closing firm with buyers at £6 11s. Gd., sellers asking £0 18B. Adelaide Register hav o boen dealt in to BOUIO extent, and there are buyors at £6 Ils. Laud Mortgage in steady domand at £2 7s. 0d to £2 8s., and sales effected at £2 8s-, ex tho dividend of 10 per cont per annum declared at the mooting on 27th inst. Bank of Victoria havo changed hands, buyers at £3S 15s, Ballarat Bank not dealt In; the half -yearly mooting n ill bo held on 1st February ; the profits (or tho half year amount to £9,857 11s lOd , which, lees interest to depositors and expenses £2,216 Gi. Gd., leaves £7,141 6B. 4d. available for distribution. Out of thiB dividend, at rate of 10 per cont. ptr anmiji is recommended, £1,000 passod to reserve fund and balanco to profit and loss uew account, viz. £3,301 6s. .Id. Tbo Land Mortgage Bank's not profita for half-voir amount to £8,464 7s. lid. The dividend, at rato of 10 per cent, per annum, takes £3.176, £1,000 to bo vvritton off tho cxpensea of establishing the London branch,* £3 000 placed to rctorve fund, and balance of £1,289 7s. Ila. carried tornard. Bank of New South Wales aro at £40 sellers, £39 buv crB; no transactions mentioned. Gas.-Collingwood Gas sales at £3 2s. Gd., and lhere ia no alteration In the price. At the half yearly meeting, held on the 20th instant, the re- port shoncu profits for the half-year of £4,2;9 Ila. td. Dividend declared at rate of 10 per cent, per an- num, and bonus of Is. per share. Molbourne GAS shares aro at£G buyers, £6 2s. Od. sellers, aud new isaioatabout8lB. Theproftts for half-year nero£10,192 Is Id. Dlvidendatrateof S per cent, porannum sbsorns £8,267 la. ; £1,750 is carriod to the debenturo re- demption fund, and the balance of £175 carriod for- ward. None of the country Goa stocks havo been mentioned for business. Insurance- Australasian Flro and Marino eales at £15s" 14s. Gd., and offered now nt 14s. without finding buyors ; Lifo shares sales at 18s. Gd., and soliera at »mc. Australian Alliance are about 26B. buyers, 26s. sellers. Nationall receded from 6s. Cd. to 6s., lost sales at 6s, 3d., closing buyers at 6s" and sellers at 6s. Gd. Southern fell to ' 20s. Gd. sales, but tinco the circulation of tho report the mar- kot has improved, and 24s. is now off orod, and the stock scarce. Tho losses for 1809 wore vory heavy, amounting to £80,04010s. 7d. Tho balance at credit Is £19,315 12s. lOd , and a dividend at rate of 10 per cent, is re- commended. Victoria Life and Qoueral and Flro aud Marino not dealt in. Tho nominal quotations are 66s. and £30 respectively. Mlscallanooua. -Hobson's Bay Ballway shares are at £55 sellers. Tho first Bhip ment of diamonds from tbo Australian Diamond Mines Company has boen returned cut, and the diamonds aro pronounced to bo without excep- tion tho finest in tho world. The last report from the mino was that 149 diamonds bad been obtained for past 10 daj-B, and the gold oxpectcd to i be suffi- cient to pay oxpenses. The halanco-sbeot of the Maritime General Credit Company show an in- creasing business, and dlvidond has beon declared at rate of 10 per cent per annum. Alluvial Mines. Tho prlnoipal stocks dealt In have been Hand and Band from £710s. to £1712s. Gd.; the new issuo Is now fully paid up, and Bhares will in future bo quoted singly-the above price was for the double issue, viz. per 6,400th; they have been since dealt In at £3 10B. per 12,800th, up to £11 5a., and closed In good 'demand at £10 10s., equal to £21 as formerly quoted. All Saints' went from 2a. Gd. to 84s., and baok to about 10s. Albion Consols, £2 12s. to £2. Band and Albion Consols, £210s. to £1 to £3 to £116s. to £2 108\. Bonshaw receded without any assigned reason from £120 to £00, but buyers soon appearod at this price, and they are now £105 to £107. The gold obtained by this company for the quarter ending Slet December was 4,76Goz. ; and tho dividends paid in 1809 amounted to £70 10a. per full share Great Gulf quiet, about 13s. to 15B. Inkermann and Durham scarcely- mentioned. Break-o'-Day aro getting good yields, but stock qulot In the market Koli l noor receded from £G 15s. to £610a., and Improved to £6 2a. Gd. Magnum Bonum quiet at £18. Park fell to £4 7a. Gd., improving to £7 10a., and rccedoi to £6 15s.; their yield of gold for tho halt-year waa 14,202oz-, and dividend paid during same period £210a., In all paid £616s. per share. Prince Imperial, £2 5s. to £2 to £212s. Gd. Prince of Wales, £3 7a. Gd. to £3 3s. to £3 10s. St George and Band, £4 16s. to £4 to £4 7s. Gd: Leviathan, £11 10a. to £9. United Albion, £2 to £2 5a. ; their yield for half-year was 7 4810Z., and dividend paid £2 5s. par share. Winter's Freehold declined from £30 to £25 sellors. United Suburban Improved from £4 10s. to £6. Nightingale, which nasa few months back a leading ¿lock, toll to a nominal pneo of 6s" advanced to 22«. Gd. The closing quotations for both alluvial aud quartz stocks genorally will be found in list In an- other column. Quartz Mines.-Black Horse, £10 to £14 te £11 ; Great Extended Hustler's, 11s. to 23s. Gd ; Hercules, Gs. to Ila. ; London and Australian, £3 10s to £210s. to £3 15s. to £3 ; Now North Clunes, £123 to £120 to £127 ; North Clunes Consols, £6 to £4 to £10 to £6 6s. ; Orleutvl, 80s. to 87s, Gd. to UOs. ; White Horse, 80s. to 20a., up to 80s., and back to 20s. ; Tookeyfa.£0 to £7; Loug Tunnel, £8716». t> £01 ; Walhalla £180 to £100. The dividends in de- tail are :-Marítimo and General Credit Company, 10 per cent per annum ; Melbourno Gas, at rate of 8 por cent per annum ; Collingwood Gas, at rate of 10 per cent, porannum and bonus of Is. por share; Land Mortgago Bank, at rate of 10 per cent p-r annum ; Bonshaw, Ballarat, 10s per 3,860th ; Creswick Grand Tiunk, £3 per 613th ; Golden Stream) Springdallah, 16s. per 2,(00th ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, 5s, per 3,200th ; > Kncobone Gold and Tin, Eldorado, 5s. por 7,000th ; Llttlo Newington, £18 per 10th ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 5s. nor 456th ; Now Don, Ballarat (final), 5d. rer 8 000th ; Prince of Wales, Ballarat, 5*. per 8,843rd ; Annabella, Bendigo, 2a, Oí. por 3,20Olh ; Albion Tribute, Bondlgo, £34 per 32nd ; Albion, Mungo, £43 per Stli ; Bute, £9 por 40th ; Bray's Tribute, Bendigo, 5s. por 800th ; Costerfield Gold and Antimony, lus. per 2.000th ; Enorgelic, Lauriston, 10s. por 1,600th; Freehold United, Hepburn, 5s. per 2,000th ; Goldsbrough, Dunolly, 9s. per2,000th ; Golden Pjlo, Bendigo, £17 ICB. per 12th ; Ironbark, Bendigo, la. 3d. por 9,000th; Long Tunnel, Btrlugor's Creek, £2 ; er2,400th ; North Star, Lauriston, Ils. per 2 000th ; North Johnson, Bondlgo, 6dL por 22,000th ; Pendllng ton and Co , Bondlgo, 10s. por abare; Sadowa, Talbot, 12«. Oil. per 240th ; Sultan, Blackwood, 8s por 2,E00th ; Unity, Bendigo, 6d. por 20,000th ; Victoria Reef, 1B. per 20,000th ; Morning Light, Huutly, £1010a. por 22nd ; The following dividends and yields aro thus sum- marised by tho "Star":-New Don, final, 6d.; Koh-i noor, 6s ; New North Clunes, £3 ; Prince of Wales, 6s.; Golden Stream, 15s. ; Kneebone, 6s.; Sultan, 8a. ; Goldsborough, 4s.; Costerfield, 10s.; Bonshaw, 103 ; Grand Trunk, Creswick, £3 ; Froohold United, 2s. and 3s.; Bute, £9; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 6s. Alluvial Yields.-Alma Consols, 125oz ; Australasian, Creswick, 264oz.; Band and Albion Consols, 2,635oz ; Bonshaw, l,204oz. ; Ballarat and Chinos, ISOoz ; Buto, 238oz. ; Band of Hopo, Maryborough, IGOoz.; Brcak-o'-Day, SISoz.; Durham, 125oz ; Ex- tended Sons of Freedom, 297oz ; Groat Northern Junction, 717oz ; Goldon Horn, 341oz ; Golden Lako, 427oz.; Golden Stream, 744oz ; Grand Trunk, Cres- wick, 063OZ.; Golden Point, Creswick, OOoz ; Grand Trunk, Springdallah, 805oz.; Galatoa, 832oz ; Hitor Mlts, Creswick, 80oz. ; Innes' Freehold, 32oz.; Koh 1 noor, l.llOoz.; Kneebone, 128oz.; Leviathan, 552oz ; Magnum Bonum, Carngham, 27oz.; Magnum Bo- num, Maryborough, 188oz ; Prince of Wales, 716oz.; Perk,l,710oz, ¡Royal Standard, Creswick, 29oz ; Ro foim, Iladden, 318oz ; Rose-hill, 92oz. ; Rothsay, 173nz ; Speculator, 220oz. ; St. Gcorgo and Band of Hope United, 353oz. ; Sadowa; 427cz ; Unltod Albion and Princo of Wales, SlOoz ; AVorking Minora, 25oz ; Wellington Gold anti Tin, 402oz. Total, 87 companies 15 SOloz. Quartz Yields.-Albion, 180oz.; Black Horso, lS8oz; CoBterilold, 213oz.; Freehold United, 082oz ; Greed's Reef. 22oz.; Goldsborough, 3S0oz,; Glencoe, 850Z.; Isis, 274oz. ; Kangaroo Bob, 139oz. ; Langridge, ISoz. ; Llanbcrris, 87oz. ; New North Chines, 1.895oz ; Korth Croes Roof, 801oz. ; Newington and Pleasant Creek, ÜSoz. ; New Albion, 54oz ; North Gorman, OOoz. ; Prince of Wales, 290oz. ; Port Phillip, 806oz.; Queen Victoria, 80oz ; Sultan, 883oz. ; South Clunes, lB4oz. ; Sovereign, Hoz. ; Snake Gully, 102oz ; Trojan, lOoz ; United Happy A'alloy, 50Soz ; Vic- toria, Clunes, 208oz ; Wallaby, Ovens, 77oz ; total, 27 companies, 7.077OZ. The principal Bendigo yields (excluding those under 26oz.) have beon for the week ending 8th January : Hercules, 71oz. ; Prince Alfred Tributo, 24oz. ; Albion Tributo, Bird's Reef, 2910Z. ; Lower Huntly Deep Load, 72oz. ; Huntly Deep Lead Extended, 28oz ; Annabella, 58oz, ; Royal Oak, 29oz. ; North Hustlers, 224oz ; ArgnB, Sailorb' Gully, 75oz. ; Grahoni and Hamilton, Moon Reef, 290Z. ; Alliance, lOloz. ; Vlotorl», 216oz. ; Monumont hill Tributo, 38iz. Week ending 15th January : Ellesmere, 31oz ; Saxby, 39oz. ; Korth Hustler's, 141oz ; Try-again, 93oz ; Wludmill-blll, 70oz. ; Bollo Vue, fifloz. ; Kow Moon, Moon Reef, 88oz. ; Shell- back, 40oz. ; Cathorino Reef United, 151oz. ; North Bpeclmen-hill, £8ez. ; Morning Light, 51oz. John- son's Reef, S5oz. ; Fredorick the Great, Sebastian, 137oz. ; Young Chum, OOoz. ; Nil Desperandum, 79oz.; Pioncor, 41oz. ; Unity, 118oz. ; North Johnson, 158oz. Week ondiDg 22nd January :-Indefatigable, 40oz. ; Hercules, 09oz.; Young Man Friday Company, 42oz ; Kllc-fmoro, 40oz. ; Albion Tribute, 187oz. ; Cobden, 20oz ; Union Jack, 9Soz ; Lower Huntly Doep Load, SSoz.; Huntly Deep LoadExtondod,44oz. ; Annabella, 108oz. ; Extended Hustler's, ChOoz. ; Llttlo Chum, 103OZ ; Albert, OOoz ; Royal Oak, 40oz.; Argus, 129uz ; Kneebone ana Jeffror, 63oi.; Graham and Hamilton, 16oz.; New Moon, 26oz.; North Johnson, 209oz ; Al- liance, 71oz ; St. Mungo, 42oz ; Pusstz Tributo, Gxr don Gully, 40oz. The Australian Diamond Mines liad 149 diamonds for the past 10 days' work. The gold had not boon retorted, but should bo sufficient to pay expenses. SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. S. Du BKEIV roports :-" Sinco my last roport, of 3rd ¡nat., in which reforenco was made to tho largo quantity of wool which up till that poriod had been despatched to London, I have again to advisa a steady continuance of shipments during the past month, nlno ships, of the aggrcgato capacity of 9,000 tons re- gister, having left for the above destination, cm bracing tho Hawarden Castle, City of A'lonna, Duke o¿ Edinburgh, Kate Kcllock, Agamemnon, Nimrod, Lansdowno, Colonial Empire, and Lincolnshire; and iho berth is now occupied by the Looh Katrine, AVavo of Life, Thomas Stephens, An- glesey, Kent, Dunbar Castle, Yorkshire, Jerusalem, Mangalore, Whito Rose, and Oriental, actively receiving cargo, Bevoral being about filled up and on the eve of departure. The Kent Is advertised to pro- ceed viil Capo of Good Hope, the present being deemed a favourable season for the adoption of thai route. As was anticipated, wool and other produce has not beon offering in such abundance as prevailed during tho preceding four months, which, together with tho plentiful supply of tonnage at tito disposal of shippers, has consequently led to no improvement in rates of freight, which remain at Old. per lb. for Bcoured wool, nndOgd. for groasy ; tallow, 40s ;loathor, 50s; preserved meats, 40s.; bark, 40a.; copper oro, 2i. Od.; Now Zealand flax (pressed), 30s. per 40ft. The latter is a new article of shipment from this port, and should the growers find this market to Bult, it may in futuro become a regular item amongst our exports. Tho ttuttuiov of passengers leaving for England still continues limited, but it may be expected that, in the courto of a few weeks hence, more business will pre- vail in this branch of trade, colonists preferring to ar livo homo during the summer months. A fair busi- ness in chattering has beon effected during the month, tho following being the transactions reported, viz. : The Norwegian barque Hcimdal, 422 tons register, heneo to Calcutta via a port in Western Australia, with horses and raliway sleepers, and back, at £2,200 for the round; and to Calcutta dlre¡:t,wlth asimilar cargo, the ship British Viceroy, 1,172 tons, gets £1,200 ; the Envoy, 696 tons (Amorlcan), to Calcutta, loading at a Western Australian port with sleepers and horeCB, £1,300 ; the Roline Marlo (Dutch), to load sugars at a port In the Phlllpplno IslandB for Mel- bourne, at 42). Od. per ton; tho David and Jessie to Colombo with bone manure, and a cargo of produce back, on termB kept private; tho ship Star of tho Mersey, for same port, a full cargo of bono niouuro, at 20s. per ton ; the Thcophano, 1,524 tons, to Madras with horses, at £1,200 for the run down ; the British barque Selina Jane, Malden Island to Melbourno, 42s. Gd,; and from same island, and for similar cargo, for a port in the United Kingdom, tho Swedish barque Mina, at 60s. per ton ; tho Isabella Henrietta, Jane, Sarah A. Kingsbury, and Alcyone, at 17s. Gd. to 18s. for coals to Hong Kong, leading at New- castle, and at samo rates sovoral ships could bo placed, A moderato amount of tonnage is abo wanted to load coals at above port for Bombay, at 28s. ; Shanghai, 24s, ; San Francisco, 23s. The Stock- bridge has left for Calcutta with a full complement of horses, and tho Ooleroon and Joshua Bates are about being despatched for Hong Kong with Ohinoso pas- sengers. Suitable tonnage boing scarce at Sydney, it is understood that the ships Dhulcep Singh and Saver- nake are about Ioavlng this for that port to load for London at the current rate ruling there, viz, Ojjd. all round for wool ; and the Charlotto Andrews and Oadu ceus will proceed to Now Zealand also to load produce for London, SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AniUVALI AND CLIiáltAKCES SINCE OUR LAST SttMMART. [B., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hu., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian; N. G., North Gorman, S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; B., ship; b,, barque; br., brig; se, schoonor; s.S., steamer.] Jan. AHMVED. 4\. FraiioeB Henty, B, b., 4SI, W. T. Quayle, Bankok. -James Henty and Co. 4\. Kate Conley, B. b., 104, J. M'Nell, Callao.-Bright Brothers and Co. 5\. Mangalore, B. a., 1,213, - Thomas, London. Bright Brothors and Co. 6\. Thcophano, B, e., 1,621, Z. P. Follett, Liverpool. Dickson, William», and Co. 8\. Duleep 8Ingh, B. s,, 1,108, J. W. Jennings, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 8\. Mclmorby, B. B., 1,610, H. Hughes, London,-Goo. Martin and Co. S. Caducous, B. a., 1,006, D. T. Roberts, London. -Fcnwlok Brothors. i 9\. Kent, B. s., 920, H. F. Holt, London.-P. White and Co. ' '. 9\. Sarah, B. br., 283, J. Catto, Mauritius,-Joshua Brothers. 9\. Dunbar Castle, B. s., 024, Thomas F. Rowe, R.N., London.-Holmes, Whito, and Co. > 11\. George Thompson, B. s., 1,127, Wm. Shepherd, London.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 11\. Hovelling, N. a,, 710, O. B. Berg, Tomberg. Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 11\. Armin, N. G. b., 840, F. Rouhalsso, Glasgow. Captain Rouhaisse. 12\. Eliza, B. B., 1,878, Rlchd. Patching, Eseoumalno (Gulf of St. Lawrence).-Mooro and Co. _ . 13\. Agoto, A. b., J. B. Brown, Boston.-Nowoll and Co. 18\. Loch Ness, B. a., 1,100, Tims. Meiklejohn, Glas- gow.-A. Macfarlan and Co. ' 14\. Envoy, A. b., 690, J. Berry, Now Yerk.-Lord and Co. 14\. Robina Maila, D. b., 617, K. Haektvtra, Frodorlck Btadt -Joseph Brothers. 15\. Yorkshire, B e., 1,056, Frederick Anderson, Lon- don.- W. P. Whito and Co. 15\. Freo, B. se, 147, George Verdon, Oporto.-G. W. Parbury. , 19\. George Kendall, B. a., 808, Jos. Hopkinson, Lon- don.-W. Crosby and Co. 19\. Hvidcorn, N. 8., 500, S. HoeU, Froderickstadt. O. Tondeur and Co. 19\. Sumatra, B. s., 1,323, Josoph Dyer, Leith. SaundorB and Johnston. 19\. Talisman, N.b., 420,0.Johannson, Fredoricksdahl. -O. Tondeur and Co. 20\. B. P. Buck, A. b., 020, L. Curtis, Esoumilne (Quebec),-Captain Curtis. 20\. Avoca, R.M.S.t>., 1,481, A. B. Farquhar, Point do Oalle.-F. R. Kendall. 20\. Kirkham, B. s., 1,061, B. B. Macfarlane, Lon- don.-James Henty and Co. 21\. Asia, B. b., 803, W. O. Burrell, Dundee.-Ander ' son and Marshall. 25\. Thermopylae, B. 8., 947, R. Kembali, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 20\. La Paix, F. b., 478, M. La Barbe, Mauritius. Victoria Sugar Company. 20\. Whirlwind, B. s., 868, Thoa. F. Graham, Honrr Kong.-L. Kong Meng and Co. 20\. Lass of Gawler, B. br., J. C. Dixon, Foo-cliow-foo. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 27\. New England, B. s.S. (under canvas), 359, Jas. Craig, Glasgow.-Alex. Macfarlan and Co. 28\. Van Diemen, B. s , 1,060, Henry Robinson, Livor pool,-Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 28\. G. T. Bay, B. b" 350, L. Christie, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. ? - 28\. Neptuna, D. b., 610, G, H. Lodewyke, BtUvla - Victoria Sugar Company. 28\. AValmer Castle, B. s , 1,004, Henry Herridge, Lon- don.-J. H. White and Co. CLKAUJBD oír. Jan. 4\. Malta, R.M.S S., 040, N. J. Skottowe, Galle.-F. K. Kendall. 5\. Alcyone, A. b., 027,F. B. Patterson, Guam.-B. TownB and Co.. 6\. City ol Vienna, b s., 1,000, Jos. M'Donald, London. -Alexander Macfarlan and Co. 0\. Elver Jumna, B. b" 500, Jos. Burton, San Fran- cisco, vI.INowcastlo.-It Towns and Co. 7\. Sarah F. Kingsbury, A. b-, 620, J. J. Porry, Guam. -Nowcll and Co. 9\. Stockbridge, B. a., 1,403, A. Ricketts, Calcutta, Bright Brothers and Co. 11\. Colonial Empire, B. s., 1,304, J, Bruce, London. Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 12\. Kate Kollock, B. s, 1176, G. H. A. Bevan, London.-Bright Brothers and Co. 12\. Jane, B. b., 342, Thos. Lo Pas, Hong Kong, via Noncastlc.-B. Lnumtot. Lo Boy, and Co. 13\. Borah, B. br., 233, J. Catto, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. IS. David and Jessio, B. se, 142, Robert M'MIohon, Colombo.-Pigott Brothers and Co. 14 Heimdall, N. b,, 437, L. Berg, Guam.-O. Tondeur and Co. 14 Solina Jane, B. br., 216, Francis Ross, Maldon Island.-Boyd and Currie. 15\. Agamemnon, B. B., 143, R. Marsden, London. J. H. Whito and Co. 15\. Star of tho Mersey, 255, E. Thomas, Colombo, vifl Geelong.-Hudson and Watkins. 15 Alma, 103, S. Finlay, Guam.-Suonco Brothers and Co. l8. Lady Rowena, B. s, 1,181, David Kinnear, Bom- bay vitt Nen castle.-Joshua Brothers. 21\. Charlie Palmer, B. b., 507, Adam Hoffmann, Singa pore.-Alexander Macfarlan and Co. 2L Antiope, B. s" 1,442 W. Withers, Rangoon.-Dick- son, Williams, and Co. 24\. Francos Henty, B. b.,451, W. T. Quayle, Shanghai via Swan Rlvor.-Jas Henty and Co. 25, Lanidovvno, B. s, 750, Jno. Trovvyn, London, Holmes, Whito, and Co. * 20\. Lincolnshire, B. a,, 1025, H. H. Shlnnor, Loudon. -W. P. White and Co. 27\. Hanover, B. b, 209, D. Burges«, Colombo.-James Lawrence. 29\. Robert Posacngor, B. b., 408, R. Knarston, Guam. -W. H. Smith. 20\. Ooloroon, B. a., 701, E. Montgomery, Hong Kong. -Foivwick Brothers. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JAN. i. Malta, for Galle.-1 box documents, 2 bags copper and silver, 1 package apparel, 1 package samples, 1 Eackago seeds, 1 package shells, 2 packages papers, 20 sgs flour, G packages potatoes, G tierces boef, 3 casks tallow, and 4 packages company's parcols. JAN. 0. Oity of Vienna, for London.-3,252 bales 1 sack wool, 1,101 casks tallow, 45 oaBks mutton hams, 15 tlorcoB beef, 6 casks mutton, 182 kega l8 quattor-easlw butter, 2 bales kangaroo sklnB, 83 balea rags, 175 in- gots spelter, 02 bales leather, 28 bales basila, 40 baloi pelts; S3 bales bheepsklns, 1 bale cuttings, 2 quarter casks wine, 2 bags flour. JAN. 8. Stockbridge, for Calcutta.-OGG tons coal, 4,532 cakes copper, 200 bags flour, 253 baga bran, 17 iron tonks, 70 tons foddor, 140 horses. JAN. 11. Colonial Empire, for London.-4,058 bales wool, 024 bega bark, 1,000 tins preserved meats, 276 tanks tallow, 709 hides, 330 calfskins, 1.21C kangaroo skins, 3 tons 15cvvt. bones, 8,701 horns, 90 bales flax, 21 b.iles basils, 56 bales sklnB,32 balea scrolls, 10 casks tailings, 1I"S' T ," JAN. 12. Kato Kollock, for London.-5,201 bales 11 sacks nool, 4,125 bogs copper ore, 124 kegs butter, 97 baloi skins, 131 casks tallow, 26 casks preserved meats, 219 bundles slate ridging. JAN. 13 David and Jessio, for Colombo.-50 bags flour, 110 bags wheat, 10 cases jam, 2,020 bogs braedust, 40 bagB oats, 1 cask mutton hame, 4 horses. JAN. 14. Selina Jano, for Malden Island.-I case port wino, 2 cates drugs, S iron screons, 2001b. cabin bread, 3 tierces beef, 2 tons flour, 3 casca Ironmongery, 12 packages drapery, &c;" 20 empty trunks, 1 case leather slippers. JAN. 15. Agamemnon, for London -3 480 bales wool, 16 bales leather, 100 tons coppor oro, 602 bags bark, 1 caso specimens, 1 caco currants, 20 casks 713 cases pre- served moats, 7 casks skins, 21 casks wino, 110 casks tallow. Alma, for Guam.-400 bags flour, 120 tons coo!, 120 boxes soap, 5 tons potatoes, 1} tons onions. JAN. 24. Francos Henty, for Shanghai via Swan River.-3 packages sundries. JAN. 26. Lansdowne, for London.-2,509 bales wool, 2-13 casks tallow, 41 bales skins, 103 bales leather. _ JAN. 20. Lincolnshire, for London.-1,094 bales wool, 245 casks tallow, 100 cases dripping, 1,000 cases preserved meats, 1,393 bags bark, 60 bales leather, 16 casks black eand, 1,420 bags antimony oro, 266 blocks regulus antimony, 6 bales has]Is, 10 bales scrolls, 4 casks quartz tallinge, 13 packages sundries. JAN. 27. Hanover, for Colombo.-160 bags flour, 20 tons fodder, 200 sheep. JAN. 29. Coleroon, for Hong Kong.-05 packages old copper, 1S3 bags old horso shoes, 8 homos. Robert Pasaongor, for Guam.-158 baga, 100 half, bags, 28 quarter-bags flour, 8 tanka, 14 baga oats, 20 boga bran, 28 trusses hay, 180 bags potatoes, 1 box specimens, 12 horees. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. JAN. 4. Malta, R.M.S.S., for Point Uo Gallo.-Pawengors cabin : Tor Point de Gallo-Mr. and Mrs. L. Gclinlor and two children, Messrs. H. Blanchard, Zamoyski and European malo servant, R. Cochrano, and A. Paton. For Bombay-Mr. Richmond. For Madras Ore nativo male Borvant For Calcutta-Miss Connor. For Suez-Mr and Mrs. Learmonth, European femólo servant, and Mr. G. Parsons. For Malta-Mr. War- dell, For Marseilles-Mr. and Mrs. Lovlne and ds lighter, Messrs. W. B. Troacher, G. Macloan, Dick- son. For Southampton-Mr. Jackson. For King Georgo'B Sound-Mr. D. R Evans. For Singapore Mr. and Mrs. Buyn, two children, three infants, and European female servant. Agamemnon, for London. Passengers-saloon : Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Watchorn, Captain and Mrs. Kolsall and Miss Woolhouse, Mr. and Mrs. Youl, Infant, and eorvant, Captain M. G. Smith, Mrs. Trlngham Smith, Miss Smith and servant, Mrs. John Atkyna, Miss Agnes Hannah Atkyns, and Miss Sarah Atkyna, Mrs. Tow mend MacDermott, two children, and Miss Mac Dermott, Mrs. Stewart, Miss Stewart, Miss Margaret Slew ait, MI'B Florence Stowart, Mr. Howard Stewart, and Master William Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. William Eaves, two children, and servant, Mr. O. L. Wilkin- son, Mr. W. G. Law, Mr. Charles Randall, Mrs. Thomas Cartshaw, Miss Mary Ann Clarke, Mr. G. Howell, Mr. E. S. Fox, Mr. A. Kent, Mr. Charles Gregory, Mr. Thomas Orr Hay, Mr. William Browne, Mr Richard Baker Anderson, Mr. Thomas Stewart, Captain CargUl, Dr. W. Allred Rcnshaw ; and 79 pas- sengers In the second and third cabins. JAN. 20. Lincolnshire, for London. Passengers-cabin : Cap- tain H. P. Bancc, R.N. and lady'; Mr. and Mrs. Bennett, family (eight) and servant, Mr. and Mrs. P. Aitken, Miss Aitken, Mr. and Mrs. W. Smith, Mrs. Calvert, Mrs. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. W. Ward, Miss Moriarty, Messrs. Angus Robertson, James Cunyng- hame, Ralph Powoll, T. Wallor, W. Crooke, Dr. O'Donnoll ; Lieutenant Jackson, H.M. 18th Regiment; Dr. O'connell, medical staff; and 49 men, women, and children of H.M.'s 14th and 18th Regiments of Infantry, and G1 other passengers lu the second and thlid cabins. THE WOOL SHIPS. The subjoined list of wool ships havo salted from Pott Phillip during tho present season. The list con- tains the names and destinations of the vessels, to- gether with the date of their departure from Port Phillip Heads. Tbo list is madu up from October to January inclusive : Date. Left Port | Phillip Heads. Name. ! Desttna I lion. Oct. 4 .. Oct. 10., Oct. 20.. Oct. 29.. Nov. 1.. Nov. 2.. Nov. 8.. Nov. 11.. Nov. 13.. Nov. 13,. Nov. 14. Nov. 17.. Nov. 19.. Nov. 19.. Nov. 20.. Nov. 21.. Nov. 24., Nov. 26,. Nov. 30,. Dec. 2 .. Dee. 8 .. Dec. 4 .. Deo. 8 .. Dea 12.. Dec. l8.. Deo. l8.. Dec 22.. Deo. 24.. Dec. 25.. Jan. 1.. Jan. 7.. Jan.10.. Jan.13.. Jan. 16... Jan. 16.. Jan. 10.. Jan.23.. Jan. 29.. Jan.29.. 7.30 p.m. 10 a.m. 8 20 a.m. 7 a,m. 10 45 a.m. 5 40 a.m. 8.10 a.m. 0.10 a ni. 0.30 a-ni. 2.40 p.m. 11 a.m. 7 a.m. 5 a.m. 8 am. G 16 a.m. 6.30 am 11.40 a.m. 10 a.m, 10 30 a.m. 6 a.m. 2.40 p.m. 7.30 a m. 10.30 am. 3 30 a.m. 6 SO a.m. 7.15 a. m. 3 20 a.m. 12.16 p m. 12.20 p.m. 7.45 a.m. 0.30 o.m. 11a.m.. 5 a.m. 6.80 a.m. 8 a. ni. G.30 a.m. Somersetshire, s.a. London Superb i Kosciusko.. Suffolk .. Harvester .. Lanarkshire Highflyer .. Star of Peace Macdui! .. Aboukir .. J. M. Joshua Clanranald.. Bucton Castle Palm Tree.. Ben Nevis.. Sussox Ascalon . London . London . London . London . London . London . London . London . London . London . London . London .'London , London , London . Loudon Great Britain, s.S. Liverpool Moravian .. ., London Brockham.. .. London Niagara .. .. London Locbawe .. .. London Great Victoria, s.S. London Helmsdale .. London Janet Court .. London Sarah G rice .. ¡London Alox. Duthie ..London Essex Ernestine .. Napoleon HI. City ol Vienna .. Hawarden Castle.. Colonial Empire .. KatoKellock Nimrod .. Agamemnon Duke of Edinburgh Lansdovvno Lincolnshire London London London London London London London London London London London London Besides thoso which havo soiled, there are also ready tor sea the Thomas Stephens, Wave of Lite, Empress, and Loch Katrine, which will leave to-morrow or next day. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following is a list of the ships taking gold which hav o sailed from this port since the publication of our lost summary» togetlicrwlth the quantities and destinations : Date i of i Sailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces, Jan. 4 Malta Jan. G City of Vienna Jan. 20 Coleroon .. , .¡Gallo .. .. 101,052 London.. ..! 4,601 Hong Kong .. \ 594 Tho total amount ol gold exported from the colony slnco tho beginning ot tho year IB 100,907 ounces, of which 20,085 ounces were transhipped from Non Zealand. During tbo corresponding period of the Írevious year tho entire quantity exported was 22,178 ounces, and ot this total 8,200 ounces were from New Zealand. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. SATURDAY, JAK. 29. £ 1000000 300000 100000 10000 60000 80300 135400 163300 100000 20000 0000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 per cent. Viet Govornment(local), 6 por cent. Melbourno Corporation, 6 per cent. Ballarat AVator, 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, 6 por cent. .. Collingwood Gas, 0 per cent Mel bourne Gas, 7 per cent. Melb. & H. B. United, 8 per cent Do., 7 per cent. Do., 6 per cent. . Do., 6 per cent . Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. Otago Provincial Gov.. 8 per cent. H0-110J 101-102 107-108 £ 600001 600000 50000 80000 24008 14090 09000 2080 24430 210000 125000 26000 40000 10250 100000 40000 100000 25000 26000 68370 17875 3000 37600 60000 12000 7000 82840 .10 PUSMO CûllrAHIBB. BANKS. Bal. Bankg. (limit) [ Do., newlssuo .. Colonial of Austral. ¡Commercial of Aus- tralia (limited) .. Melb. Bank Corpo- ration fllmitod) .. National of Austral. New South Wales.. / Victoria (Mol.rog.) I Do. (London leg.) Land Mortgage DAS COUTAMES!. Ballarat ' .. Bendigo 6,'Castleinaino CoMlngw'd&Fitzroy; Daylesford (limited) Geelong Melbourne INSURANCE. 2* Austral. Firo is Mar. i Australasian Life Australian Alliance. National Fire Insur. Plate GISBS Insur. Southern Insurance 50 1 Victoria Lifo & Gen. 25 Victoria Fire & Mar. MliCRLLANKOUB. ) Australian Dia i ( mond Mines .. Bendigo Waterwork IO 6 Gipps Lud. SteamN. Hob BayR. Sea Bath 10 7} Marítimo & General CreditCo. (Limit.) Mudgeo Gold aud 1 Diamond j" 60 60 MclboumoExch'ngo 5 6.0vens Waterworks, 1 I l'Studloy Park Bridge 20 ,20. Victorian leo 20 20 Warrenheip DIstlly. I RAItWAVS. 634700 50 ouMelb.&Hob.BayUd;, Last dtv. percent, per annum. 10 121 1?1 121 10 Closing 1 Prices. & 7H1 0¿7 43 41 39-391 47}s-60a 11-12 3J3Î 4Î-6Ï 6-6¿ 12-12} 14s.-15s 17ès-181a 21s -20s. 6s.-51s. 249.-20S. 53S.-65A*. 28-30 MINES. 3300 3000 4000 8200 6344 2100 2000 2500 4400 1000 4000 4000 7P0O 8200 2500 2500 600 460 12800 8343 6000 2600 4082 6448 £ , i 'Avoncliff 20 ¡Band of Hopo and Albion I Consola, Ballarat 25 Bonshaw, Ballarat .. 10 Brcak-o*. Day, Rokewood .. 20 »Buninyong, Buninyong 6 Buninyong New, Buninyong 5 'Extended Sons of Freedom, I Chiltern . \- Galatea, Scarsdalo .. \- Golden Stroam 10 Ooldon Horn, Springdallah.. \- 'Golden Lake, Scarsdalo 20 Grand Trunk, Happy Valloy 6 .Great Gulf, Ballarat .. f 6 I Do., newlssuo .. j" 5 Kncobono, El Dorado 25 .Koh-i-noor, Ballarat 29 j Leviathan, Ballarat 12 Lower Huntly Deep Lead .. 20 i Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. 2 Park, Ballarat. 25 Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. \- St. George and Band of Hopo 5 »Sadowa, Talbot 15 Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat 6 United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat 183 United Working Miners', Bal, 5 ¡Wellington, El Dorado 2HÎ 17-18 6 «3-6} 10 40-50 60-70 H 33-4 01-01 31-0 18-20 of-7 8Í-31 4HÍ 0-8 2-2t 4H NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 3500. 10C00 6000 2600' 1000, 10001 4000 3600. 4500 5000 6000, 2000 7000 8000' 10000, 6000 4000 S000 7000 4400 8000 8000 0400 0400 1000 3000 2500 1080 '?i Albion Consols, Ballarat .. All Saints', BaUarat .. Ballarat k Bondlgo, Huntly. Ballarat and Clunes Durham, Ballarat Do.,preforent Do., hew. Emperor, Ballarat Great Extended, Eldorado .. Do., Contributing Great North-West, Ballarat.. Do., new. Great Hoi Hiern Junction .. Inkermann and Durham, Bal. Lady Sutton, Chiltern New Holland, Avoca.. Do., new. New Avoca, A\ oca Nightingale, Ballarat North Park, Ballarat Prince Imperial .. South Nightingale .. »peculator, Ballarat United Hand-lii-Hand and') Band of IIopo, Ballarat, \ singlo ISBUO .. ..) United Ovens Gold and Tin, ) Eldorado.j Do., Contributing United Suburban, Ballarat.. Winter's Freehold, Ballarat.. 2-2J 10-12 W-100 iHi 1Î-2 fl-10 1-U 159.-203. 2s.-3s. 2HJ 10J-12J3. 101-11 3-4 11-2 ßä-ö 25-201, DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 22500 1 Alliance, Bendigo .. 80 - Advanco Bendigo 10000 1 Agnmoranon, Bendigo 10000 1 Ajax, Alexandra 2400 6 Albert Company, Alexandra 10000 1 Ajax, Castlemaine .. 2200 10 Albion, Steiglitz 30000 1 Alabama, M'lvor 1000 15 All Nations, Matlock.. 20000 1 Argus, Bendigo 3540 10 Al Castlo Reef, Wood's Pt... 2180 15 Black hill, Ballarat .. 2500 2 Black Horse, Ecorto» 05600 1 Catherine Roof United Claim holders, Bendigo 1980 1 Clunes, Clunes 1200 171 Clunes United, Clunes 82000 1} Comet, Bendigo 2000 ¡Costerfield, Heathcote 12000 1J Derby, Maldon 19954 1 ¡Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon .. 1716 1 Do. Preference, Maldon 15044 1 Do. Union, Maldon 14000 1J Ellesmere, Bendigo .. 24000 1 [Energetic, Bendigo .. "wo Î } Grand Junction, Maldon-Í J Great Britain, Bendigo 1 Gt. Extended Hustler's, Ben. Hercules, Bondlgo .. .. .. Homeward Bound, Alexandra Hopo, AVood's Point .. Hunt's, Wood's Point 20870 20s. Hustler's Reef, Bondlgo 19673 2} Johnson's Reef, Bendigo . Lady Barkly, Bendigo Loviathan, Black River Linseott's Reef, Maldon Longfellow, Stringer's Long Tiinnol, Stringer's Malakoff, Steiglitz .. Nelson, Maldon New North Clunes .. 1 Nil Desperandum, Raywood.. " North Gipps Land, Stringer's North Hustler's Reef, Bendigo N. Specimen Hill, Bondlgo North Johnson's, Bendigo Prince of Walos, Matlock Red Jacket, Bright .. Royal Standard, Black Rlvor. Sparrowhawk, Bendigo Speculation, Maldon.. South Ajax, Castlemaine St. Mungo, Bendigo .. 10 ¡Spcclmcn-hlll, Daylesford .. 23100 28000 28000 4800 2 12000 1 1200 - li-2 4s.-6s. 10-161 10000 1800 2400 2000 520 2050 20000 2400 28875 16000 22000 1080 3C00 1600 20000 2400 7090 22500 1088 2000 2600 1400 _ 4400 000 coo 4800 20000 Stolglitz Sultan, Blackwood Unity, Inglewood United Happy Valley, Buck -land T.-. Victoria, Clunes Walhalla, Stringor'a Creek .. Wallaby, Growler's Creek », Young Chum, Bendigo Gs.-01s. 7*8.-103. H-H lOJu.-llB. 15s.-20s. H 101s.-llls. 11S.-128. 4J8.-439. 32i.-35s. 87-DO 127-130 0a -7B. 118.-123. llls.-12s. lSs.'ÍOa. 61s.-0s 16-10} 71-8 10-12 12-16 1B0-190 NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 6000 8000 20000 3000 6000 24000 2000 1020 3000 4000 4000 4800 9000 2009 3000 8200D 3040 8200 3600 2400 4000 3200 4000 3000 2500 4000 11000 2500 14507 2000 oooo! 8500 4000 20274 3100 8000 8009 1 ¡AlcxandraMinlng&Crushtng; 8 ¡Ben Lomond, Stuartmill .. 1 ¡Burn's Roof, Forest Creek .. \- ¡Criterion, Clunes 6 Clunes, Great Northern 1 Eagle, Bendigo 6 Empress. Stringer's 3 Eureka, Stringer's Creek .. 3 Flying Scud. \- Golden Age, Bendigo 5 ¡Golden Point, Clunes Great Wheal, Clunes.. Uoicules, Stringer's .. Homew'd Bound, Scotchmu's Isis, Stuartmill Kangaroo Bob, Egerton Koh-i-noor, Bendigo 10 London & Australian, Clunes 4 ¡Magdala, Pleasant Creek 6 Marlnor's and Sloan's, do. .. 8 'New Garibaldi, Blackwood .. 5 ¡Newington, Pleasant Crook.. \- North Cohen's, Stringer's Ck. \- New N.Cohen's, Stringor'a Ck 6 ¡North Clunes Extension 6 North Clunes Consols, Clunes 0 ¡Oriental. Clunes 1 ¡Pegleg, Bendigo 6 iQucen Victoria, Canadians 2 Sandy Creek, Poverty Beef, ¡ Tarnagulla. 6 ¡South Cohen's, Stringor'a .. 5 6th. Scotchman, Pleasant Ck, 6 Trojan, Blackwood 6 Tubal Coln, Stringer's ., 2J |Victoria Reef, Bendigo 2 |Victoria, Gordona 8 Wellesley, Egerton ,. 1 ¡White Horse, Egerton 80-100 103.-123. l}s.-2}s. 16-16} n 3s.-8}s. 5S.-7«. 21-2J ll}s. 8-aj 121.-15«. 28-21 6H'Î 1S-11 3-31 M 