THE MERCURY. May DAY MORNING, MARCH 21, 1870. " WE may fairly assume that in 1874 our readers will be supplied with news, not 12 hours old, from every part of the civilized globe." Such is the somewhat startling announcement in one of the latest numbers of The Times received by the overland mail. The strides that have been made towards this consummation of late years have been immense. Much is now being done and that finished but little will remain to complete the electric circle round the world ; yet that little must prove of grave consideration and of deep interest to us, since, in the schemes contemplated, we are spoken of as the most distant point just about to be brought within direct communication with London and from this is projected a cable to New Zealand, from which, to complete the circle, some American capitalists have been negotiating for another cable across the Pacific, from China to California, by way of Japan and Alaska. Then distance will in one sense be almost annihilated. MACAULAY'S New Zealander may not stand on London Bridge and survey the ruins of the metropolis of the world ; but his latest doings in his bush fastnesses will be known in Printing House Square ere his trail has become cold and in the language of The Times, " the birth of an Indian grandchild would be telegraphed to the country rector, and many of the anxieties incidental to the separation of_kiiisfolk would be practically set asido~for'ever."* Hitherto, the high charges have, to a great extent, rendered un- available the use of the telegraph wires and the cost of maintaining a long line of communication through an inclement, and it may be, hostile country, has necessitated the adoption of rates almost prohibitory ; but the submerging of of the cable once completed, the expense of maintenance is at an end. In the bottom of the deep it lies secure against elements and storm and almost defies the operations of an enemy. The cable once paid for- and the shareholders of one of the Atlantic Cables have already had their capital entirely or nearly restored to them-and a reserved fund established, it is the interest of the shareholders to encourage the use of their line by its cheapness and on the principle that three sixpences are better than one shilling, they will seek to make telegraphic communication an ordinary medium of conveying intelligence, transmitting much of the news that is now sent by post. " A complete chain of trustworthy telegraphs from England to India, China, Australia, and New Zealand would not long be monopolised by Governments, by the Press, or by those engaged in large commercial transactions, but would become a customary channel for the transmission of domestic news. " The remunerative prospects of telegraphic construction stands much higher than did or do those of the railway system, at any rate in the old Country, where lines were laid to meet some local want, or serve some rival purpose ; where, in a word, there was a want of any definite and comprehensive scheme, and each projecting company looked to their own purposes, rather than to forming a link in a chain, or having a place in a proper network of railway communication. Telegraphic communication on the other hand always aims at something higher than the supply of local requirements. It seeks connection with something beyond and thus the schemes which are now being carried through, and those contemplated, embrace wide fields of operation. They seek to bind together far distant CountrieSj'andJaim, as a final result, at com clothe" the circle of the world. The present J phase of telegraphic enterprise forms a striking contrast to that which prevailed a few years ago. Then, and, we may almost say, up to the present day, England in communicating with her distant possessions was dependent on the military requirements of Russia. That Power, to secure communication with the army of the Caucasus, constructed a long stretch of telegraph, the maintenance of which cost much more than its construction. The intervention of a British company was sought and obtained and by them communication between England and India was secured on paying a royalty of 40 per cent, for the use of the Russian wires, which the English company had to maintain. Russian enterprise took the lead in other directions, and has constructed a line extending across Siberia, on to Kiuchta on the Chinese frontier. From a point on that line the Russian Government is about to extend the wires across Eastern Siberia to a place in the Japanese seas named Posictta. which is. by submarine cable to be connected with Japan, Shanghai, and Hong Kong. A Danish company is to do for Russia hero, something like what a British company did in the Anglo-Indian matter. This supremacy of Russian and its means of annoyance if so inclined the unpleasantness of being dependent on that power, and the injury done to the lines extending over thousands of miles of " a sterile and desolate wilderness, inhabited only by Russian military posts, and by tribes of wandering, and possibly hostile Tartars has led to the present great undertakings, commenced or contemplated ; which by the use of submarine cables, constructed by British skill and energy, and mainly by British capital, will leave Britain independent of foreign Powers, and the blunders of foreign operators for except in the Island of Java, where the line will, be deeply buried, and at the Isthmus of Suez, the wires will be either submerged, or on British territory. Telegraphic information by the last mail told us that the Great Eastern-was at Bombay in January. Returning from Aden she will then carry out a cable from Falmouth by way of Gibraltar to Malta, joining the present Malta and Alexandra cable, and completing the line direct from England to Bombay. " From the southernmost point of Ceylon a cable will then be carried to Singapore, touching at Penang and Malacca. From Singapore one line will proceed north to Hong Kong, Amoy, and Shanghai and another south to Batavia, and through Java to Port Darwin, at the north of Australia. Thence a coast line will be taken round the eastern side of the Australian continent to Burketown, Cardwell, Rockhampton, Brisbane, and Sydney, uniting with the telegraph from Sydney to Melbourne, and with that from Melbourne to Launceston and Hobart Town." What is then contemplated we have already stated. The enterprises undertaken, and the amount of British capital employed, seem something enormous. There are already three Atlantic cables in full operation. We find among the companies that have undertaken the laying of cables the following : A company was formed in July last, for laying 2,450 miles of cable between Falmouth, Malta, and Gibraltar, at a cost of £060,000, to be completed on May 31st, 1870. The British India Company, formed in January, 1869, are before 30th April, 1870, to lay 3,600 miles of cable from Suez to Bombay, with a capital of £1,200,000. The British Indian Extension Company, formed in October, 1869, with a capital of £460,000, are to complete, before the end of 1870,1,756 miles from Ceylon to Penang and Singapore. The China Submarine Telegraph Company, established in December, 1869, with a capital of £525,000, are before June, 1871, to lay 2,640 miles from Singapore to Bong Kong and Shanghai; while the last formed Company, the British Australian Telegraph Company, established in January last, with a capital of £660,000, are, before the end of 1871, to lay 1,726 miles of cable, and 800 miles of land wires, from Singapore to Java and Port Darwin, thence along the coast of Australia, joining the present land line. The total capitals amount to £6,925,000, and the mileage 20,961. These lines will have the advantage of being perfectly safe from interruption, and of being in the hands of English open tors at every station. Of their further advantages it would be useless to attempt any enumeration. It is to be hoped our Government will not be found want- ing in attention to our interest, and that they will be sufficiently alive to the good of the Colony to defeat any efforts that may be made for connecting New Zealand with Australia, otherwise than by Tasmania. " RELATIONS such as these, could not and cannot, continue," is substantially the text, as it is one of the most notable sentences, in an article contributed by PROFESSOR FBOUDE to Frazer's Magazine, of which he is the learned and accomplished editor. Mr. FROUDE has established the highest reputation as a thoughtful and philosophical historian dealing with the great story of national life, not as a mere succession of facts to be regarded, but as a series of grand problems solved and unsolved in some instances removed out of the way by their practical settlement in others still surviving all the struggles they have engendered, and remaining matters of discussion and agitation still. The relations which Mr. FBOUDE tells us cannot continue, he describes as they exist, with sufficient accuracy. Without any personal acquaintance with the Colonies, he has niaatorcd the circumstances of their origin and history and no Colonial writer, however gifted and however intimate with the whole volume of Colonial facts, could wish a more accurate, and, with some trifling exceptions, a more faithful hand to paint the picture. The review of England's Colonial policy is a masterly one. The foundations of the great Colonial empire were first laid on American soil and when the United States were infant possessions of the Crown, Mr. FROUDE reminds us, their settlement was aimed at, not by sending to them the surplus population of the Empire to find new fields for industry and new rewards for it, and to enlarge the field of British commerce, but to get relieved of those whose presence at home was obnoxious malcontents." And in proportion as settlements -"felons, rebels, and political and religious thus founded prospered and became strong, in other ways the endeavour was still prosecuted to make them " profitable" They were the chief market on whose support the African slave trade fattened, and no attention was paid to their protest against it. They were made contributory by imposts levied on them by the Imperial Government, to the relief of the home taxpayer. When they revolted, resenting this tyrannical exercise of tyrannical powers, and were lost to the Empire, it became possessed of other territories as valuable," which supplied their place Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the Cape of Good Hope. But in the management of these, the same mistakes were made, or attempted. To some extent, it is true, the experience of the past had not been forgotten. But the new Colonies, as the old ones had been, were made to serve the use of receiving England's convicts ; the rights of patronage were hold over their civil service and their waste- lands were disposed of by Imperial rather than local enactment. "So far as England dared," Mr. FROUDE says, " she still managed them for her own convenience." The change of system was, nevertheless, radical, and it is described as such. With the vast territorial estate of the Crown abandoned to the settlers, in trust for those who should afterwards come to people the great wastes ; with the stop put to the infusion of " the felon element," and with the convenient opportunity gone of making agreeable provision for young brothers or political partisans in obedience to the demand of the Colonists to be allowed to fill their own offices " with their own people" Mr. FROUDE holds that England surrendered all the privileges that rendered them immediately profitable, and to sum up-" to close all disputes" gave her Colonies constitutions on the broadest basis which popular philosophers re- commended leaving them to govern themselves in any way that seemed best to them, and so : serving only the titular Sovereignty of the QUEEN and the right of nominating Governors, whose administration of affairs was practically controlled by the local legislatures. In addition to this Mr. FROUDE says, England maintained regiments amongst them to fight their battles when they fell into trouble with their nniM.Kn,,.« Tl.""«^l moral,,,, "f (IM. I lo was very easy to arrive at. Who are our "neighbours" that we fell into such trouble with as required the help of English soldiers to sustain IIB in the fight ? The Colonies have had no wars. Whoever the foo however, the soldiers were the lost weight in the heavy scale which made the balance of advantage altogether on the Colonists' side ! We suppose Mr. FBOUDE has some vague reference to the Maori struggle in New Zealand ; but in whatever sense the natives of that distant Colony are the belligerent " neighbours " of the Pakeha settlers, undoubtedly they afford no assistance to us in arriving at any intelligible moaning in the words as applied to the Colonies generally, of having imposed upon the English people the burden of supporting regiments for the maintenance of their cause in matters of a quarrel !... When this writer says that the time came when the Colonies, having all the advantage on their side," became a " weight upon the English taxpayers and their government, the creation of universal suffrage, embroiled England in wars, putting it to expense in the defence of proceedings which England neither advised nor approved," he points, as a matter of course, to Canada ; but the case of Canada, which, " whilst expecting to be protected against the United States, levied duties upon English manufactures for its own revenue, has no analogy in the Australias. Mr. FROUDE is wrong in assuming that the Colonies because they have acquired the rights of self-government. even to the extent of determining the conditions on which Crown Lands shall be occupied or alienated-are averse to the continuance of immigration, or disposed to put obstacles in the way of a great accession of freehold population. The want of Great Britain is more room to grow," without the " expansion of towns which are already overgrown and which England knows not certainly that it can expand "-the expan sionif practicable being so only only under conditions unfavourable and probably destructive to the physical constitution of the people," and threatening to make England's greatness, " held by a tenure, which in the nature of things must become more and more precarious." To this threatening decadence of England's prestige and power, there is the one alternative only-that of emigration and in some pregnant sentences Mr. FROUDE puts this feature of the case fairly and truthfully enough. The eastern and western Colonies of Great Britain contain all, and more than all, that it requires for a relief from its pressing and growing difficulty. It is the eld Colony, and-emigration philosophy over again. England wants land on which to plant English families, where they may thrive and multiply, without ceasing to be Englishmen. The land lies ready at command. The Colonists who possess an area of presently " virgin soil, sufficient to employ and feed five times as many people as are now crowded into the three Kingdoms need only arms to cultivate it-whilst at home are millions of able-bodied men un- willingly idle, clamouring for work, with their families starving on their hands." Mr. FBOUDE asks, "What more simple than to bring the men and the land together?" And he bases upon the whole facts he has thus arranged, a protest against the course taken by those who, at this particular moment of all others, " choose to tell the Colonies that we do not want them, and they may go." The Colonists themselves, Mr. FBOUDE says, are wiser people, and people of better and corrected feelings. Although England has no more authority left now over their lands than she has " over the prairies of Texas, Australia values the integrity of the Empire and its prosperity ;" their am- bition is to draw closer to England-to be absorbed in one great Empire." He adds: "An immigration even by millions would be infinitely welcome to them." But the task and science of emigration is not understood. The object should be to diffuse occupation and labour with something more than at present approaching equality, over one grand Imperial surface. To mon in earnest, ceasing to be the apostles of laissez faire, and bringing themselves as the philosopher grimly remarks, to " believe for once that this was not the last word of political science," the thing would be easy. Many faults have been committed by those whose responsible task it has been officially to deal with the Colonies. Statesmen have allowed the question of the relations to take its own course, until they have brought separation to the edge of consum- mation." From this point Mr. FBOUDE is very earnest. He says a short time will sue the commencement of a change whether for good or ill, and the direction then given to the long series of coming events belonging to the story, will be of immeasurable moment to their fortunes and to ours." The attitude of the Colonies is one of waiting to hear what they are to look for. The question is one having no party bearings. All ranks and classes are interested in it. Manufacturers in the creation of newmarkets land owners in the expansion of soil-as tending to remove, if anything can, the discontent with their increasing monopoly of it at home-and most of all the working men. " Let broad bridges, be established," says Mr. FROUDE into other England. and the latter may exchange higher terms and brighter prospects for their children, for a life which is no life in the foul alleys of London and Glasgow, while by reliev- ing the pressure at home, they may and the war between master and man, and solve the problems of labor which Trades Unions can never solve." > PEMBROKE ELECTION.-The polling will take place to-day. Electors resident in Hobart Town may record their votes at the polling place, Public Buildings, Hobart Town. TENDERS FOR FURNITURE To-day at noon will be the last for sending in tenders for tables, chairs, and other furniture, required for the Public Library Rooms, Town Hall. PAVEMENT OF FOOTPATHS. The pavement of the footpath on the south side of Liverpool street,' extending from Harrington to Barrack street, is nearly completed, and is a great improvement to that locality. The next work to be undertaken by the contractor, Mr. Anderson, will, we believe, be the paving of the path in front of the Town Hall, and extending, we presume, to the bottom of Macquarie-street, on that side of the way. That the immediate front of the Town Hall should be flagged will be admitted, but we should hardly think the pave- ment should be continued along that side of the street, while the side on which is the traffic is left in its state of mud. UNNECESSARY DELAY. The business of the Police Court was delayed for nearly an hour and a half on Saturday morning last, in consequence of the non-appearance of a second magistrate to sit with A. B. Jones, Esq., to hear a couple of cases requiring two justices of the peace in their ad judicature. This is by no means an extraordinary occurrence, for very frequently are the police, at the time when the Court should commence, obliged to hurry off in search of a magistrate, and sending his arrival all business has to be suspended. THE WEATHER. -A severe thunderstorm passed over Hobart Town on Saturday afternoon from north-west to south-east, accompanied with heavy rain. The lightning was fearfully vivid, and the thunder unusually loud, but considering that, for several days previously the atmosphere had been strongly charged with electricity, and the heat very great, the storm was not unacceptable and the rain was much needed. Several parties to Mount Wellington, Kangaroo Point, he, must have been somewhat startled with the display of Heaven's artillery coming upon them so unexpectedly, and their return to town was that of people in a sorry plight. PRESERVED DEATH-We have received from the Victoria Meat Preserving Company, through their Tasmanian Agent, a case of preserved mutton hams, to the excellent quality of which we can speak having tasted it. So much has been said of this company's meat that it requires no recommendation from us, but persons desirous of judging for themselves may do so at this office. or at that of MP. TOVIV Miss KATE WARDE From our advertising columns it will be seen that Miss Kate Warde is announced to give a dramatic and musical entertainment at the Queen's Asylum this e evening, when the most popular scenes from No. it Lynne will be presented, and on Tuesday evening a similar entertainment will be given in the Council Chambers, Richmond. KANGAROO POINT REGATTA In our advertising columns will be found the programme of the Kangaroo Point Regatta, to be held on Easter Monday, 18th proximo. There are seven events including a punt race, to be rowed with shovels, the first of the kind ever rowed on the Derwent, with the exception of the one by boats belonging to the Flying Squadron, 