REVIEW. — v — A Popular History of Ireland ; from the Earliest Period to the Emancipation of the Catholics. By Thomas D'Ajicy M'-Gee, B C.L. Ih two volumes. Cameron and Ferguson, Glasgow aind : . London. First Notice. ? This book is just what it professes to foe —a popular history of Ireland. It is & history, and not merely a sketch ; and it is ' a popular Haistory, for it avoids all display ? of critical or controversial acumen, and contents itself with giving a straightforward j and impartial narrative of facts. Of its i impartiality there can be no question, and 1 to our mind this is one of its greatest re commendations. And, despite the studi ? ous way in which the author has avoided all display of -critical ability— his extensive reading and sound judgment manifest themselves in every page. The ordinary reader may see in this book merely the fingers of the clock revolving j but the student of bistoury will be led to think with wonder of the amount of mechanism that lies beneath. Perhaps the style is scarcely as lively and taking as we should expect in a book written expressly for the million, but this defect is atoned for by the amount of mat ? ter which is compressed into every page. There is a want of imity too in its plan. Its divisions are good, but there is no one idea running through the work upon which, as upon a thread, the facts of the narrative should be strung. In the history of every people there is some one predominant pas sion to which may be traced directly or indirectly, most of the great events that are written in its chronicles. With the. Romans it was love of conquest; with ; Europe of the Middle Ages, it was the ; growing power of the Church ; with Ii*e land, from first to last, it has undoubtedly been want of union among her sons. In . every page of Irish History the word ' dissension' is written ; hadit never been penned, neither would such words as ' op pression' and ' Protestantism' y nor would \- the writer of Irish annals have had to ?; record the successful invasions of the '.'.'.', Northman, and the Dane, and the Saxon, \- and the Norman. And this, the author has not formally shown. The work divides itself into two volumes. Of these the first brings us down from the earliest period to the death of the great Shane O'Neil in the tenth year: of the reign of Queen ?;' Elizabeth. The second volume carries us ''on from that date to the 13th day of April, '1829, the day when, at the .command of O'Connell, the Royal signature of the ' \Fouith George was affixed to the Bill which struck the fetters from the feet' of tlie Catholics of Great Britain; We propose ; to notice each volume separately. . For the ?;'b«pent of those to whom the volume itself \- is unaccessible we shall give a brief outline of the . history as related by the author, anTiiten itotice, ?mOT^^ai^uch: eveiits - as are 'of more than, ordinary interest. And we Shall let the author speak, as often as possible, for himself. ?'.--.?? The early history of Ireland is neces sarily more obscure than that of the Sister Isle, for Ireland was never occupied by the Romans, and we have no Caesar's Commen taries, -ao Agricola of Tacitus to throw light upon the events that were contemporane ous with the annexation of Albion to the Roman Empire. Here is a sketch how ever, as correct as the criticism of a man like our author can make it. ' Ireland, or the ' Wooded Isle' was peo pled by fi-ve successive immigrations from as many different parts of tb e world. The fifth settlement was made by a people who called themselves ' Gael' after one of their ancestors, 'Milesians' from the name of their leader ' Milesius,' and ' Scoti' from ' Scota' the mother of their chieftain. Their native country was Spain. Among the petty chieftains of this people the Island was divided. They called them selves Righ (Latin 'IfcsB,' French 'Boi') or King, and the first or greatest among them had the title of Ard Righ or High King. The boundaries of the territory governed by each Righ varied continu ally with the good and the bad for tune of war, for they, were seldom at peace among themselves. For practical purposes however, it may be said that the boundaries corresp@nded .pretty nearly with those of the four modern provinces, Westmeath being a kind of neutral territory, reserved for federal purposes and subject to no taxa tion except that of the Ard Righ. Of these Righs and Ard Righs we have veiy little reliable information until the com mencement of the fifth century, when, after an expedition which Niall had made into Gaul, in order to assist the barbarians in their wars against the Roman legions, there was brought captive into Ireland, one, who was destined to be the instrument, in God's hands, of her future greatness and glory. This was St. Pa/fcrick. To him Ireland owes not merely iher Christianity and her civilization, but, in great measure, her constitution ; for it was under his auspices that the laws contained in the 'Book of Rights' were framed. He died in 493. For two centuries and a half after his death Ireland was the Isle of saints and scholars. Her schools, which abounded in every province, and which were attended by the Gaels, the Cimbri, the Saxons, the Picts, and even the Franks, were so large, that each one could very often boast of maaiy thousand students. Her mission ary Saints wei*e to be found labouring witk St. Boniface in Germany, madb Bish ops ©f cities upon the Baltic and the Medi terranean and building monasteries of Eu ropean fame such as Iona. But with the commencement of the ninth century began the series of foreign invasions and occupa tions of Ireland which has continued to our own day, and which has made the land of Saints and Scholars a byword and a re proach among the nations. The Danes made their first appearance upon the Irish coast in the year 794, and in less than thirty years they had taken possession of Wexford, Bangor, Iona, Armagh, Limerick, Dublin, and many places of less importance. Wherever they went the sword and the torch accompanied them ; cathedrals were burned, monasteries sacked, libraries scattered to the winds, piiests and monks slaughtered, and Pagan rites and festivals introduced and celebrated on the very spot where Patrick had knelt and Columkill preached and prayed. Never probably would the Dane have been able to set foot on Irish soil but for the want of union among the Irish Princes themselves. While the Northmen were sacking the cities of Ulster and Leinster, King Nial, who should have been driving them back into the sea, was engaged in: a civil war. of succession with the Prince of Cashel and the Lords of Ossory and Ulidia. For nearly two hundred years the struggle between the invaders and the invaded continued with varying fortune, until 979, when Malachy I: retook the city of Dublin, banished Olaf beyond the seas, and destroyed for ever the supremacy of the Danes in Ire land. The descendants of the Sea-kings became Christians, intermarried with the Irish families, and the two races were gradually blended into one people. Dur ing the century and a half that succeeded the destruction of the Danish Supremacy, the history of Ireland is but the history of civil wars and contentions between her own kings. At length, about the year 1167, Permid MacMurroghi' King of ??Lemsteiv ? driven from Ireland by. the' united ^armies : of Roderick C)'C6nor, King of Connaught,, and O'Ruarc of Brefni, obtained the per mission of Henry the Second of England to recruit among the Anglo-Normans an army to chastise his Irish fellow-countrymen. It is probable that Henry was only too glad of an excuse tor interfering with the affairs of a nation into whose ecclesiastical matters lie had already obtained the sanction of the Pope to inquire. Still, it will ever remain a matter of history and a lesson and a warning to nations engaged in civil war, that it was at the request of an Irish King, who preferred private interest to the na tional good, that Strongbow, Earl of Pem broke, headed the first Norman invasion of Iteland. Another century and a half — a century and a half of constant struggles between the Norman invaders and the native chiefs, struggles in which the Normans barely held the position which they acquired with amazing rapidity dur ing the first ten years that followed their landing — brings us to the year 1316, when Robert Bruce of Scotland, having defeated the greater portion of the Anglo-Irish Lords, who were at war among themselves, was elected King of Ireland, and solemnly crowned on the hill of Knocknemelan, not far from the city of Dundalk. But Bruce, who had won the favour of the Irish merely by his bravery in the field, soon disgusted them by his, want of sympathy with their national feelings and prejudices, and hav ing alienated their affections and caused numbers to desert his standard, he was finally defeated, and the dynasty, which he might have established, was destroyed on the field of Faughard, not two miles from the hill which had been the scene of his coronation, a couple of years before. After liis death, a more friendly feeling between the descendants of the first Norman in vaders and the natives seems to have been established. Intermarriages became the rule rather than the exception, and the national antipathy of the Celt to the Saxon began to manifest itself in the hearts of the half Hibernicized Norman. The grow ing change was viewed with alarm by the English Court. Edward III. knew well enough that his own hold on Ireland depended entirely upon the loyalty of those among her lords, who were of Nor man descent, and to secure their allegiance, a policy of non-intercourse between the Irish and the Anglo-Irish was inaugurated. New titles, new estates, and fresh powers were lavished upon the Anglo-Irisli chiefs by the wily monarch. Their gratitude and ij (/ — - ? ? - ? ^^ — ? — ? their loyalty thus secured, an edict was passed, forbidding the marriage of an Eng lishman with a woman of Irish birth, declaring the Irishman incapable of hold ing any office of state, and thus setting up an impassable barrier between the two races. From the reign of Edward III. to that of Henry Till, the history of Ireland is, as it were, the history of two peoples. There is on the one hand the history of the native race, its internal divisions and struggles and its united struggles against the common enemy ; and there is the his tory of the invading race 'within the Pale,' which was divided into factions, Yorkists and Lancastrians, and which is a portion of the history of England enacted beyond the sea. Wolsey, minister to Henry VIII. it was, who first resolved that his royal master's power over Norman and Celt alike should be equally absolute, and who hoped to fuse the opposing ele ments of Irish society by uniting them under one popular head. Wolsey died long before the policy which he had re solved upon could be carried out, but it was accomplished in part by the solemn proclamation in St. Patrick's Cathedral,1 by the greater portion of the Irish and Anglo-Irish nobility, on the feast of Corpus Christi 1541, of Henry VIII. as first Eng lish King of Ireland. Here it will be more convenient for us to divide our notice although the first volume takes on to the tenth year of the reign of. Queen Elizabeth. In our second notice we will resume the thread of events from the promulgation of the Supremacy of the Eighth Henry in the Cathedral Church of St. Patrick. Retracing our steps, we will give an extract from the first volume, as a speci men of the author's style. Here is a de scription (p. 61) of the mutual sentiments of Celts and Northmen at the time of the invasion of Ireland by the latter : — ' Such were the men, the arms, and the creed against which the Irish of 'the ninth age,^after three \centuries' exemption from, foreign war', ? were called upon 'to cdmbat. A. people, one-third of whose youth i! and manhood had embraced the ecclesiastical state, and all whose tribes now professed the religion of peace, rnercy, and forgive ness, were called to wrestle with a race. whose religion was one of blood, and whose beatitude was to be in proportion to : the slaughter they made on earth. The North man hated Christianity as a rival religion^ and despised it as an effeminate one. He. was the soldier of Odin, the elect of Val halla, and he felt that the offering most acceptable to his sanguinary gods was ' the blood of those who denied their existence and hated their revelation,' &c.; . : The volume, which is one that should.; be in the hands of all who take an interest in the history of Ireland and wish ta. have an impartial record of her pastj may be obtained from Mr. Flanagan, Catliolie, bookseller, of George-street. r 