NEWS BY THE Iff ATT.. As our only intelligence by the December mail as we weflt to press for "our country edition was ' that received by. telegraphic Message from Adelaide, we have but scanty information on some subjects of special interest, and hone at' all; onrothers. 'Foic that reason we shall comment but bur3orily, on the general tenor of the news, deferring till a moire favourable opportunity after this receipt of our -home 'files' such extended observations as it may seem desirable to make on questions of chief interest. In the proper order of things we should first refer to the opening of the CEcumenicaL Council, but the only information we hare on that important subject is that the Council was opened with "great pomp." Wb may safely add to that statement that the opening ceremonies presented the grandest •and most solemn spectacle ever witnessed]; and till the arrival of the January mails the Catholics at this side of the world must be content with such a conception as they can form of the magnificent and impressive ceremonial. But we shall be able in the next number of the Advocate to afford them most interesting information respecting the events which preceded the memorable 8th of December, 186.9. .'-.,'. Even from the very brief and disjointed intelligence now before us respecting, Irish affairs, we can form a reliable opinion regarding the present condition of thje country. And it is one, we are sorry to say, which forebodes troublous times and further misery. It is a momentous ;a$d most significant event that the persecuted O'Donovan Rossa, an Irish patriot,, now manacled as a Feniau felon in an English prison, has been elected member for " Gallant Tipperary." Tke utterances ,of Tippeirary have always been considered to- come from the heart of Ireland; the action pf Tipperary has always been regarded ass a manifestation of the national] mind, and Tipperary,, now .scorning the idea" that, an Irish representative can do any good ^for the country in./the British. ;Legislatvure, elects an Irish prisoner in an English prison to represent the countiy. It is an act of hopelessness in English justice^ a renunciation of peace principles, and;; a declaration that the men of Tipperary are virtually in rebellion to English ~ rule. This is the only interpretation that can,be put upon the election of O'Donovan Eoasa, and the thousands who marched through Cork, cheeriug for the elect of . Tipperary, have subscribed to ;the declaration which that countiy has ; affirmed. They, too, scorn . Irish representation in the British House, of Parliament,-as a mockery, and reject all messages ; of peace, . the sincerity of which is. not assured by the -liberation; of ; tlie Iijsh political prisoners. ." $ut ominous as thise proceedings,were, a^more alarming import is attached ft) tfyem by. the subsequent .conduct of the. Government. , They ;j hpve been followed . % a,, denial of thp nght of pubjic. i meeting, amnesty meetings . .having been prohibited ity,the south, of ^reland. And if ^TO maj believe a istatement which appears, in the. telegraphic messagedi . one of, the. daily .papery the ;^beas Corpus Act is to be suspended att ipyefjthe i3buntry. Then again: it. is jgtateiil. tfot a number of disbanded American soldiei^Tare jr^lari4, 'and; trbopff^ to 'be.Rafted,into. tM*country!^*^ ' ^ese:are:thfii£eatnr/MjOf> thbiJaBh jipws which give it a datk and threiatenihgi aspect, and! conjure linp' j before, the nrind a 'picf^'^-Ui'/'fte'l-WatM'^^O^ie? wTiich were'cotnimfted'on 1 fiMero^iofis^ien spende'd, aijfl the fear mHCh j.that- th6: .trained jinfonn«Efe are rtJpftf " jusk^itg^jja in- itifoere«Htablishjdap i^jeoHlitey 1 .a«(9P stStutip^tp-^hi^'thS' Eri^ll8h2<ft)veinmen nyjir",TT-i3r.grEteiis. flu} wjj Ctfcjra t j&e; perceiverim(ithe * "le .aa^jltew&j;/eialnfih . ^amatMS uMial^scusef'&r; re- Fenians are reported, and American filibus- . . f , , , . , ,, terers are said to have crowded into tie country; and it is by representations of this character the English Government and the, English » invariably prepare.the public |fUUUv mind lllllll for 1U1 the VUG employment UlvUV of V* WV1W" strong measures to repress disaffection "" ~ in Ireland. Mr. Gladstone 'did say that the cruel misgovernment of Ireland was a disgrace to the English nation, and that Irishmen could hardly be blamed for resisting it; but, if coercive measures have been resolved upon, by ingenuous arguments similar to those by which he justified. his solicitude for Neapolitan prisoners whilst he kept Irish ones in penal servitude, he will justify the suspension of the • Habeas Corpus Act, and the employment of the. informer, with all the machinery necessary for multiplying his victims. • It is said that the leading principles of the Land Bill will be the right of the tenant to full compensation, and the inability of the landlord to evict without the intervention of a tribunal. With a properly -constituted tribunal—with one in whose appointment the tenant would have some security against the predominance of landlord interest,' such a law, would not be •inequitable. It would, most probably, mitigate the hardships from which the Irish tenants now suffer. But upon this, as upon other subjects, we cannot write conclusively upon the limited information with which we are furnished. The aspect in which the social condition of England is presented is not bright. The relapsing fever, which is one of the worst symptoms of poverty and want, prevails amongst the poorer classes, and with this we hear of more explosions, and more contentions, in the church as by law established. There are also other items of English news, such as Mr. Disraeli's approval of the ballot, which are of more than ordinaiy interest. The news from America is favourable, so • far as it relates to the United States, but it is otherwise in regard to English interests. It says much for the extraordinary reources of the States, that there is a return to specie payments without the least dereciation of the paper currency resorted to during the war. A State which can thus speedily commence to redeem its bonds 'lifter the accumulation of such an enormous 'debt' as was contracted during the war, must be immensely wealthy in all the ele- Intents Of power and greatness. The re- 'port of the l : resistance of the French Ganadians to the North American Confederation is an item of • intelligence the 'importance of which we could scarcely exaggerate; for this may be a premonitory symptoin of a wide-spread outburst against "the consolidation of British interests in that \- part of the continent. J The-intelligence relating to this colony is cheering. 1 A good price for wool was maintained to the end of the sales, and the preservedmeats from Australia were growing in public favour, whilst competitive shipments from South America were a failure. v Of the Continental news we can only say that/ 'with the exceptions of Italy and Spain, it seems favourable, and "that we regardwith incredulity a statement that an alliance between Austria, France, and Russia was not improbable. But our further remarks upon this-and several other subjects we'must defer till we have detailed information for our better guidance. . WE beg to .remind our readers that the Hon. .-V- Gavan Duffy's postponed lecture oh "Why is Irelaiid Poor and. Discontented?" takes place cn-Thursday : evening next, in the Trades' Hall, 'Lygon .street, .The,proceeds, it willbe remembered,. ifor the benefit of St. Mac-Cartain'e Cathedral, Monaghan, Mr. Duffy's native town. WE. beg. to' remind the parents of pupils at St. Patrick's College, that duties willljeifesumed cm Tuesday next., •• ; !' i . We haVe received the general regulations of the Board ; of Education, .with appendices. The ,®ew,regulations came into, force on the let of' January. , r '";;•'' '• • •'•'- . TpB animal g^neralmeeting of the St. Patrick's Society,. wa« held inBt.'Patrick's Hall, on Tudsiday-last! 11 iThe. several new j members were ad. iiinittea, Mid jfogr candidates for membership /WiqfW-:, 50». annual'rerort for "the past' of?—• together' With' .the auditors' report and balance-sheet; J waB 1; r^adl • Thei«onaideration of ' i® 1^ dtffSiments was 'postponed till the nert meet- 'jng.v.Oie (rfjttei mffmbfeWi'P 1 the society was ; ^e^llcjTraigis the board ot nuuuige- SS^' Jta^.^?. yieaT!—President4-^r.' ^wara'ScuIly'j iittpr^ideht^Mr.. L. Doyle^ J <xBiimittee I -?iBiiir8. i William^'. £yan,< -Michac • Midtafel' ^SSte^lS Glennon, W. A. O'Byrne, and James O'Gorman The failure of any pcri^i^l ^ck was conducted wath even moderate ability, and was an honegt n or exponent of the;,views and opinions of any section of the community is to be regretted; but failure in some .oases ia ^ ^ j S ^ ^ S g S S X ^ ^eriodical ^ h in itself was an' illustration of humbugis an instance ofthekiniL But the copyright is for sale—whowill buy? Who will make an offer for the impertinent qothings, the laboured attempts at satire, and the rude and insolent personal abuse with•whichso much cleannied in bad odour, and its feffects are' bo dirty er is soiled inthe ptiges ol Humbug. No one and worthless, no person will. administer to them..; That jocose and trenchant annihilator of shams—Sydney Ptiwc&^-Iast week'exposed some of the literary plagarisnis upon- which Humbug traded, but the task of administering the lash a second'time is unnecessary, for- Hynihug has died of a, loathsome disease, andis buried in a pauper's grave.. , THERE is something highly ludicrous, according to the Bendigo Indip'en&ent-; iiioiit the fright the Loyal Liberals have been- thrown into , by the banquet to the Ministry,', at Eaglehawk. Their territory, remarks our contemporary, is about to be invaded, they say, and they look upon it as a most lawless act, that while they are represented by four "good and true men;" other people Should have the. audacity to give them a Jiint that the days of siich representation are "in the yellow leaf." Their inability ; to prevent the Ministry making a successful entry into their stronghold is no doubt an event Of ill omen'to them, for the presence of, Ministers ing to the " friends of the people," is inseparably connected with a most unpleasant'prophetical dread of an invasion by Ministerial candidates whenever the next election takes place., We do not attach anything like the importance to the coming banquet which the Loyal Liberals do, but perhaps they know best what is the Teal extent of the break-up in their camp which has- led to the Mandurang demonstration. „ They act as though it were a case of political life and death with them, for they are leaving no stone unturned to frustrate the' efforts of the banquet committee; They are in great tribulation, mourning for their Ministers, and refusing to'be comforted. REVIEWING the political situation^ the Kyneton Guardian declares Mr. McPherson has the game pretty well in his own hands. There is one card with which he can meet factious opposition, in the Assembly, and the sooner th'is is played the better it will be both for himself'and for the country. Let him cease to give himself further trouble abont there-construction of the Ministry, and devote himself rather to the preparation of a programme with which to meet Parliament in a week or two. Upon the first decided intimation that he is not to be permitted to carry his measures into effect, let him advise the Governor to dissolve an Assembly which, it is.notorious, no longer possesses the confidence,-even-of that portion of the community by wh'ifch it'may be said to have been elected. • A correspondent of the Argue ', signing himself " Civis," who appears to be of a.saroasticvein and a, philanthropic disposition, has- forwarded £9 9s. to the editor of" thit paper for distribution amongst nine of our charitable 'institutions. These are.—The. Melbourne Hospital, the'Benevolent'Asylum, (building fund), the Melbourne Orphan/^Lsyliipi, the St.- Vincent de Paul Orphan Asylum, the ' Abbot'sford Reformatory, the Blind Asylum,- -the-Deaf ahd Dumb Asylum, the .Juvenile Traders'.'.Association, and the Immigrants' Home. .The donor expresses a hope that others will .follow his example and contribute to all the charities enumerated. " Civis" also declares' that "if funds are wanted-to clip the ecclesiastic talons of a bishop ,of Higinbothamian, conscientiousness, he will- be glad to subscribe five guineas for that J purpose." THE new Shire Statute provides that Tiot only members of parliament, but police magistrates and wardens, shall be exempted from-the pay-, ment of tolls outside boroughs/ It provWes, •however, that the new exemptions shall not come into operation for six months.' 'Until the- •end of June, therefore, honMembers' - will -have to pay as before, except when passing through borough tolls., . : ,, : The s.s. Pharos,,one of the great McCulloch follies, which has been found as uselespas it was expensive, is to be sold to the 'highest bidder. By comparing the price she wilTfetch with the sum total of her cost—variously set down in the Estimates of more than one year—the public can guess something of- the.price paid to :turn Williamstown into a McCullbohfte borough. HM.C.S. Victoria is to' be dnce more refitted and devoted to the service for which she is so emi-. ; aaently adapted. ', .: / . , , J ;. THE .Minister; ®f, Lknds <m; Tuesday .alluded publicly to Jihe, jnis^pepiipn, which ;was prevalent, of his having .introduced a new system into the 'Bandi', Oe^artih6nt, in closing the' offices• against -the putdic on certain'days 'anil hours ,-duripg.; the week,,'! ;He .pointed. dirt that so far back Mj. JDuffy's administration of the department the, practice'had been' found neces-' sary. -'-"Thfe bafekdbors,' it'is'toted;'were closed' to tte aui' to himP-^.-QamlM _ ^e ^.lw^^Mr. !CLAi (SmyHhevidr off the nek fund by Dr. Brownless. The present action was to obtain the balance said to be due while the plaintiff was placed on the fund - by -" Dr. — M'Carthy. The Bench " ' dismissed '' '— the case, with £3.3s. casts. MESSRS. MCKEAN AND BOWMAN, the members for Maryborough; are to be entertained at a banquet at' C'arisbrook oil an early date. THE Mining Department is taking active steps to procure statisties-of the temperature of the air and watfr at various levels in the mines of Victoria. DR. KNIGHT, who has come from Sydney to Melbourne -to make representations to .the Victorian Government, witha view to induce it to Subsidise the new mail sferVice connecting Sydney vifr Auckland and Honolulu with the San FranciBcain' terminus of the Pacific Railway, and so across the American continent and the Atlantic with England, arrived in Melbourne,.on Saturday last, and had an interview with the Chief Secretary on Tuesday. Mr. Macpherson promised Dr. Knight that if he could see that any advantage to Victoria, would accrue, the £0,000 a,;.ye^ asked for should not be grudged. He would lay the matter before his colleagues,' and give the Subject a full and fair consideration. An Executive Council- meeting was held, on Monday, but the business was of a routine sort, save that the new Victorian flag, which,, at the suggestion of the. Admirality, has been, designed as the distinguishing mark of the Victorian mercantile .navy, was formally adopted. The . ensign will have five white stars on ,thc blue ground, and the "jack" five white stars in the ' cross of St. George, which forms the central line of the pattern. THE Minister for Lands, on Tuesday, received a deputation from the Danish or Scandinavian Lutheran body, who were anxious to oLfcin a grant of land as a site for a church.' It was stated that there were nearly 100 Danes, Swedes, and Norwegians resident in Melbourne and its neighbourhood. The application was supported by a memorial, to which 65 names had been isigned. Two, sites were suggested, namely, one at the corner of William and x'Beckett streets, and ano ther at the corner of King and Fraiiklyn streets. Mr. M 'Kean said that he would have an-inspection made.of both sites, and afterwards communicate with the deputation. THB Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Pott writes:—" Mr. Sullivan is said to be very ill, and it is feared that he is likely to be sometime an invalid, as his portly appearance, which has been held to indicate health and. strength, does not apparently betoken such vigour as to. warrant hope of his speedy recovery. Mr. Sullivan has for some years past found his powers of body and mind (!!!) unequal to the pressure of his public duties, hence his retirement frop. official life some three years since, and his determination to abandon Parliamentary duty, which was recently noticed in the papers, arises probably from a nearer realisation of .his decreasing, vigour," CAPTAIN BANCE, R.N., inspector of postal and telegraph service, has been allowed one year's leave of absence, ahdMr. James, manager of the Melbourne Telegraph Office, has been appointed to discharge his duties. • < • . MR. E. DENISON, M.P., .a nephew of the Speaker of th.e House of Commons, | arrived by the Yorkshire on Saturday. Mr. Denison has come out to the colonies with a view to the restoration of his health. ANOTHER adventurous speculation has come to, grief.- The Argus is informed that the " Home and Colonial British Plate Glass Accidental Insurance Company" is no more.' A DEPUTATION from the insurance offices, consisting of Mr. Macredie (of the National) and Mr, Patterson {of the Tasmanian), together with Mr. • Hoad, superintendent of the fire brigade, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works on Monday, with "the view of ascertaining whether the Government could ; be induced, to supply the portion of, the Australian wharf reserved for the storage of,timber with the Yan Yean,'for use in case of fire. Mr. Reeves 'gave the deputation to understand that if the Government received aguarantee of 10 per cent.-on-the outlay, the extension desired would be at once • carried out. Mr. Macredie undertook to confer with the representatives of the several companies on the subject. " - - ' THE Sydney papers say that Mr.i Robertson is involved in several partnership concerns, and he. now proposes to devote his attention wholly to his private affairs. ' • As 'much interest'is felt in the new land regulations no'w.being framed, ; L we-may mention that these were completed by Mr. Hodgkinson,. assistant-commissienerj,before he. left "town to. attend the several local lfvnd boards at. which he. has presided recently, and','they now. only' re- - quire the approval of the Minister. i ' «, ' : '. ., THERE cannot be many who have heen inat- "tentiVe to the improved effect :with : which,this 11 •magnificent peal of bells ; at St. Patrick's have; been rung on ;some occasions lately^ r Eight. members of the congregation' have been practis-. ; ing the ringing'of the bellB'"for several 1 months', past; under the instruction of a Mr. Murray, who' w&s; employed :in the founders i establishment in .Dublin for soi^e time, ,and.,thp full ^ eight members ,whom he haa i' initiated into . the ancient art; now toll %fells ;i mfisi4631yj ;and prodhce a fine volllme 6f S6undi' which on;some occasions, as we -have, been told*- ish^rd !on the; hills sgrji^ding. Brfitty aHeid^berg. ..^ehop6 that the meij whq, iro'm tne" best motives,' haVe' devoted so ^ifeSPteke'^b 'W'HMsqaiii^ment o f ^ ' I i i ^ t o v ^ and that inifche course^pfalittlfe pizheheiiee thfebells, .proxUn'o 1^ tiih ffil^ 'bn^hibh -he iwilladdress! the ^leptBieof Gip^itLaiid^at iSale. v T^e! subject, tjpofrjwhigh -g^e ^earaed, gen^lemaij' has con-, eentef -bp) apeak 3s,,, -'* ViptorMui politics and' pwties' in «mnS®oii witli 'the' tfreseiit' (irisis.'" T ^ ^ ^ o t f '^uestiotfto^fe'W^ed cor.' Vtnamietoi lst>l JParii»pmnt mSl jiom some of the chief topics of his address. THE hon. member for St. Cilda, Mr. AspinalL tendered his resignation , of iiU seatVin thj Assembly to the Speaker on Tuesday. Mi,' Aspinall has accepted-the office of Solicitor. General in the present Cabinet. SPEAKING of the statfe of political affairs under the present' administration, the BaUarat Star says:—" Nobody 'is excited, only some f ew persons. pretend to; be. Tie, tsoiintiy somehow bears placidly, the loss of M'-Culloch, just as it survived the self- extinguishment of Hisin. betham, and-saw G.P.Smith'vanish in smoke unmoved. Nothing is changed, there is only a Ministry -the more, and there, is no, reason whv the last Ministry should not. do. better, than its predecessors, and yet not do Veiy well.' The work of the, coiintry is not difficult; the only 1 difficulties are created by the scheming of huW» politicians, and. they . have, had. their moutly stopped so long that the 'fiends for food howl on," or pathetically exclaimed that 'the times are changed'since tHs,old hat wm new.'" THE post of manager of the Melbourne Tele, graph Office has been conferred oh Mr. Smibert the chief clerk and accountant, during, the absence of Mr. Jainps,. who . is appointed to dig. charge the duties of Acting Inspector of Postal Telegraph Services, vice Captain Bance, on leave. , • Doring the week ending 13th January, 18,888 passengers travelled over the Victorian Railway lines The revenue obtained from all source was £10, against' £11,178 for the cdrresponding week pf last year. ' . : 