SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Tlie intelligence received by tho last mail of the commencement of a war between France and Prussia somewhat startled Victorians from their habitual propriety, and since then very little has been either thought of or talked about, save the probability of Great Britain's being drawn into the straggle, and the manner in which the colony would be affected by such an event. The arrival of the next mail is anxiously looked forward to. Meantime we have not been altogether idle. Prior to the re- ceipt of the war news all the troops of the line had left by the Corona, the various batteries in Hobson's Bay were in anything but a ser- viceable condition, the Nelson was occupied solely as a training-ship, and, in fact, an enemy's vessel of war would have found us almost totally helpless and defenceless. The Govern- ment, however, at once took energetic action, and in a Bhort time all this will be altered. A permanent artillery corps, consisting of trained and experienced men, is being formed, and the Volun- teers, which number in all about d,000 men, are to bo turned into a militia, idthough for this the consent of Parlia- ment, which is not now sitting, will be necessary. The large 300 and 80 pounder guns will be mounted with all possible expedition, the batteries will be placed in order, new earth- works constructed, and on Saturday the Naval Brigade will commence to drill on board the Nelson, so as to be in a pofiition to fight that ship should occasion arise. The Volunteers are also going into barracks in detachments of 400 at a time, in order that they may become perfectly accustomed to all the routine of a soldier's life and duty. According to the latest accounts received, the Cerberus ought now to be on her way out, but even without that formidable ironclad we shall soon be in a position to give any enemy at all likely to pay the colony a visit a very warm reception. Of political news there is really very little. His Excellency the Governor has been absent on a visit to Sydney, having gone there to be present at the opening of the Intercolonial Exhibi- tion. He, however, returns by the mail steamer. It is not intended to call Parliament together until the middle or end of October j but should advices by the incoming mail render it neces- sary to take the opinion of the Legis- lature upon the defence question, it is not improbable that the next session will commence at an earlier period than was anticipated. But little interest has been taken in the elections to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council caused by the retirement of six jucuibuio Ihiuugli tho expiration of the period for which they wore elected. Four of the retiring mem- bers have been re-elected, viz. Messrs. Highett, Mitchell, Cumming, and De- graves ; the first three without any op- position, and the last-named by a con- siderable majority over his opponent. Two elections for two provinces are still to come off. These are the Western and the Central. For the first, two candi- dates are in the field, Mr. M'Kellar and Mr. Martin. The former is a gentleman of large colonial experience, and the latter a Melbourne brewer, whose sole qualifi- cation is that he has made money by the sale of beor. A curious complica- tion has arisen with regard to the elec- tion for the Central Province. In con- sequence of an error made by the returning officer, who named the wrong day for receiving nominations, no candi- date was duly nominated, although two -Captain Cole, the retiring member, and Mr. J. S. Johnston, a well-known politician and an ex-Minister of the Crown-were in tho field. Both lodged their nominations in ac- cordance with the advertisement, but too late to meet the requirement of the act. In order to preventunnecessary expense and delay, both theso gentle- men agreed to withdraw their nomina- tion-papers, and the writ was conse- quently returned with the endorsement that no candidates had been legally no- minated, and that no member had been duly elected. Then a fresh complica- tion arose. The President of the Le- gislative Council, who is retiring from public life, held that he would not be justified in issuing anothe» writ, and the law officers of the Crown were of opinion that the Governor could issue no writ so long as there was a Pre- sident, whoso exclusive function it was to do so. Sir James Palmer, however, ceases, by effluxion of time, to be a member of the Council, and conse- quently President, on Monday next, and it is believed that the Governor will then issue a new writ. We have had a curious reproduction here of the farce enacted by the three tailors of Tooley-street. Two or three ob' scure individuals, accompanied by a mem- ber of Parliament, who were appointed a deputation by a public-house meeting waited upon His Excellency the Go- vernor for the purpose of instructing him in constitutional law, and warning him not to be guided by the advice oi his responsible Ministers. As has beer Btated in previous summaries, It has been wisely determined to have a shorl session of Parliament at the close of the present year, in order to vote suppliei for six months, so that the public creditors may not be kept waiting foi . their money, and with a view to the future commencement of the financia: year on the 1st of July, instead of on the 1st of January. The wiseacres, how eyer, who waited upon the Governoi discovered that as three Appropriation Act» had already been passed by the present Parliament, it would be uncon- stitutional for it to pass another, because it was only elected for three years, al- though it does not determine by effluxion of time until February next. They likewise attempted to impress upon His Excellency their opinion that it would be most opportune now to dissolve the existing Assembly and elect an- other, and also that money was being improperly spent for immigration purposes. These questions of policy the Governor declined to entertain, but signified that he saw nothing unconsti- tutional in the course proposed by his advisers, of calling Parliament together this year, and voting supplies for a por- tion of 1871. Not for more than 20 years has such a wet and inclement season as the pre- sent been experienced. An enormous quantity of rain had fallen up to about a fortnight ago, when the weather cleared up. A few sunshiny days were then experienced, and the young crops, which up to that time had looked very sickly, began to exhibit a very considerable improvement. At the commencement of the present week, however, rain, heavy and continuous, again set in. Nearly three inches fell in two days, and as the creeks and rivers were already running bank high, the result has been most ex- tensive and severe floods. Nearly all the low-lying lands in the colony are under water, an immense amount of damage has been done, and over a great extent the crops have been entirely de- stroyed. The weather is still very un- settled, and if we have more heavy rain the consequences will be most disas- trous. The reports which during the month have come to hand relative to the water- works in the interior show that they are in a much worse state than was even imagined. At the Malmsbury reservoir the outlet works are every day getting into a more dangerous condition, in con- sequence of the heavy floods; the water pouring in torrents over both bye washes, and great fears are entertained of the safety of the main embankment. Under these circumstances, the Govern- ment have resolved to send to India by the outgoing mail for a first-class hy- draulic engineer. SOCIAL. Since the arrival of tho last European news, containing the startling announcement that France and Prussia had rushed into war, or- dinary domestic topics have occupied only a secondary placo in the public miad. The pro hablo result of the gigantic struggle which has been entered upon by the two leading mili- tary powers of Europe ; tho possibility thal Great Britain may be dragged into tho war ; and. in the event of that contingency arising, the adequacy of our colonial defences to resist foreign aggression, have been the great sub- jects of discussion, and the arrival of the next English mail is naturally awaited with much anxioty. The means which it is proposed to adopt for placing the colony in a posi- tion to defend itself should the occa- sion arise aro described elsewhere, and it is only necessary to say here that in whatever measures it may bo considered ad- visable to adopt the authorities will receive the hearty support of all classes. In the hos- tilities which are now going on the French and German colonists of course take a special intorest, and tho latter have tUrcae!y_ initiated a ujovomont with tho view of raising fund: to assist those of their follow-countryrnon whe moy be wounded, and to relieve the widows and orphans of the slain. In Melbourne, o meeting attended by upwards of 200 Germans has been held, at which the sum of £273 was collected, and subscription-lists, with cir calare, addressed to the Gormans in Victoria, have been sent to all parts of the colony. Within tho last two days public attention has boen divorted to some extent from the war question by tho occurrence of severe floods all over the colony. In the neighbour- hood of Melbourne comparatively little injurj has been sustained, but in the country dis tricts thero has been no such visitation since 1859, and in some of them the Hoods have beer unprecedented, while for the first time sinci its construction the Mount Alexander Kail ?way has been rendered temporarily unfit; io: traffic by tho*nundation of tbe line at Keiloi and Rochester. The worst effects of tin floods, however, havo now been experienced and the waters are everywhere subsiding. The dulness which has prevailed in com merdai affairs _ since the beginning o¡ the present year is vividly reflocted in the re contly published comparative tables of im ports and expntts. The imports to tho porl of Melbourne from the 1st of January to tin 13th August aro valued at £7,894,805, the exports from the port during the same period amounting to £7,107,327. The imports dunn; the sarao period of last year amounted te £8,390,424, while the exports wore £7,787,937 Tho decrease in the imports during the pra sent year appears, therefore, to amount te £501,619 ; while that in the exports is as higl as £620,610 ; making a total falling-off in ou: commercial operations of £1,122,229. Thi exports of gold have also shown a serious de olino during the present year. The gold ex ported from the port of Melbourne from th 1st January, 1869, till the week ending 14tl August, amounted to 995,195OE.; while thi year it does not oxcoed 89G,654oz., notwith standing that the transhipments of Now Zea land cold havo sensibly increased, while ¡ quantity of Tasmanian gold is also iucludoi in the returns for 1870. The practice indulged in by merchants o obtaining advances on bills of lading signe in advance of shipment, has formed the sut ject of discussion in commercial circles he« and has boen universally condemned. Mor than ordinary attention has been drawn t the subject by the wholesale fraud recenfcl perpetrated in Bombay in oonnoxion wit the ship Teresa, and the Melbourne Chambe of Commerce has had the matter under it consideration. A sub-committee, appointe io examine the question, has brought up a re port, which has boen adopted, and instruí tions given to forward copios of it to othe chambors of commorce, and to all corrosponc cnts of the Melbourne Chamber in tho Eure peau, Eastern, and American ports. Th report, dealing with the question in its lege aspect, suggests that the owners are ne responsible for goods described in bills e lading so signod, and quotes various author tics and decisions in support of such opinior It also condemns the practice as facilita ing fraud, and having a highly immon tendency. In consequence of the war in Europe, th Melbourne underwriters havo como to a understanding to impose a war-rate of 2 por cent., in addition to tho ordinary charge upon all extra-colonial risks, with a provisioi however, that an arrangement may be mad between tho assurers and the assured, that rato be hereafter charged upon such risl corresponding with the rato charged in Loi don on similar linos when advisod in Londo in course of post ; belligerent bottoms to t wholly excluded. As England is still in position of neutrality, the adoption of th! course is regarded as prematuro. The banki it may bo added, havo increased the rate t exchange on London to 2$ per cent, pr mium. Incorrect reports seem to havo obtaino circulation in certain English newspapei relative to the supposed approaching depo ture of His Excellency Viscount Canterbm from the colony. The Governor's tenure e office, it may be stated, is for six years. A His Excellency did not arrive in the color until August, 186G, it follows that his peric of service does not expire until August, 187 and it is not probable that ho will retiro b fore that date. With the exception of Mpjor-Genen Chute and his staff, the Imperial forces have liken their final eleparturo from the colony. The arrangements mado for the embarkation of the troops stationed here, as well as the contingents from the other colonies named, were carried out successfully, and the whole body-over 600 souls in all-have left our shores. The Corona, which had been char- tered by the military authorities, left tho Sandridge town pier on the 19th August, and anchored in the stream, where the various steamers bringing the soldiers from Hobart Town, Adelaide, and Sydney came to hor, and_ transhipped their detachments. The soldiers on boaTd wero finally inspected by Major-General Chuto and staff, on tho 21st August, and on the 22nd the Corona commenced her voyago. Major- Gencral Chute will tako his departure for England. via San Francisco, in about six weeks from the present tame, while Colonel Pitt, C.B., and Captain Richardson, A.D.C., leave by tho Agamemnon, which is announced to Bail for England on the 1st October.' As an item bearing on the war question, it may be mentioned that the French war steamer Guichen arrived at Sydney on thefith September from New Caledonia, and after purchasing a cargo of coal in the harbour, re- turned, carrying some despatches received from France by the mail, which were be- lieved in Sydney to contain tho formal proclamation of war. In the Legislativo Assembly of New South Wales a discus- sion took place as to the Guichen having been allowed to coal in a neutral port-, and the pro- ceeding was strongly condemned. It is stated that a largo quantity of coal, over 10,000 tons, has been stored at Noumea, which will make the French steamers independent of the neu- trality proclamations in these colonies. The Iloyal Commission appointed to in- quire into and report with reference to tho carrying on of noxious trades in the neigh- bourhood of Melbourne have paid several rounds of visits to the tanneries, soap and candle manufactories, piggeries, slaughter- houses, &c;, in the metropolitan district, and have found these establishments to be gene- rally in a very unsatisfactory state as regards cleanliness. Even the Melbourne abattoirs, which ate under the control of the City Cor- poration, wero discovered to be in an exceed- ingly dirty condition ; in fact, instead of being a pattern for other establishments, they were pronounced to bo a disgrace to the city. When the commission have concluded their investigations, and sent in their report to the Government, some action will no doubt be taken to bring about a reform in these mat ? ters. Never beforo have there been so many Royal Commissions in existence in the colony at the same time. In addition to the Offensive Trades Commission, whose proceedings have just been referred to, a commission appointed to inquire into the management of the Charit ablo institutions, and another instructed to investigate the penal system of the colony, have commenced their labours ; and the Civil Service Commission will soon commence its sittings. Two other commissions, both having important duties to perform, have been ap- pointed within the last few days. The first, of which the Hon. C. G. Duffy is chairman, is instructed to consider and report on the neces- sity of a federal union or the Australian colonies-a question to which recent events has given increased urgency and importance. The other is an Intercolonial Legislation Commission, of which Mr. Casey, M.L.A., is chairman, the task entrusted to it being to consider tho expediency of inviting the co- operation of the other colonies in reference to the extradition of offenders, extension to all of the effect of insolvency or granting probate or administration, execution of Supreme Court judgments, and the establishment of a court of appeal. The population of Victoria on the 30th June numbered, according to the latest returns of the registrar-general, 723,353 persons. The births during the quarter ending on that date exceeded the deaths by 3,875, and the ar- rivals exceeded the departures by 3,28-1. Plans are about to be prepared in the Public Works department for the completion of the Houses of Parliament, though not on tho scale originally contemplated. It is proposed to finish the front of the building in brick and stucco, and it is intended that the additions shall be constructed entirely of brick and stucco, as being cheaper than stone. Should the proposed plan be carried out, the additional buildings will take the form of two separate wings, one at each side of the present structure, and they will not only afford in- creased accommodation for the Parliamentary ofliciols, but will furnish offices for one or moro of tho public departments now accom- modated in buildings rented by the Govern- ment. A new tariff of a protective character has been introduced into the South Australian Legislature, which must no doubt be regarded as partly a consequence of the failure of the intercolonial negotiations of the late con- ference. The Treasurer, in proposing the imposition of the new duties, characterised the tariff as " not a protective but a discri- minating one," adopting the word used by Mr. Francis, the Treasurer of Victoria, in tho con- ference discussions. Referring specially to tho proposed tax on potatoes, he stated that it was a retributive duty "- a remark and a purpose that could only point to this colony. In place, therefore, of leading to a Customs union and a common tariff, and paving the way for federation, the abortive conference would appear to have only increased inter- colonial jealousies, and produced a war of "retributive " tariffs. The fate of Mr. G. H. Supple, who shot ex detective Walsho, in his attempt to save Mr. G. P. Smith, M.L.A., from assassination, has not yet been determined. At the trial, the jury found the prisoner guilty of murder, but added that tho pistol was discharged acci- dentally ; and the question as submitted to the full Court, and argued on tho 8th Septem- ber, was, whether, as the discharge was acci- dental, the prisoner could be found guilty of murder. Tho Court has reserved its decision. About 15 months ago, Hugo Lovinger, the supercargo of the schooner South Australia, a vessel engaged in trading in the South Seas, was tried and convicted of the manslaughter of a nativo of one of the islands. Hs appealod to the Privy Council, on the ground that, being a foreigner, and being tried by a jury de medietale linguo, his peremptory chal- lenge of one of the foreigners was disallowed by tho judge. By the mail which orrived last month a telegram was received an- nouncing that the appeal had been allowed and a new trial directed. An application wa: made to tho Supremo Court to admit the ac- cused to bail, but was refused, as the Courl had no jurisdiction, the matter still being beforo the Privy Council, and no official noti fication of the decision of that body having been received. One of the most audacious mining swindle: ever attempted in the colony has beon perpo tratcd at Ballarat. Two minors from Castle maino, named Cawson and Hanna, took pos session of an old and worthless roof, and b: the clever application of a quantity of gold leaf, imparted to the stone exposed in tin drives a richly auriferous appearance. The; succeeded by this device in imposing upon twe of theleading brokers of Ballarat-, Mossrs. G avir and Forster, and many other men of experi ence who inspected the mines were also do coived. A company was projected to worl the supposed rich mine, ana it was just abou to be floated when, suspicions having boot aroused, tho cheat was exposed, am the swindlers wero arrested, togothe with Mr. W. D. Coleman, lato of thi Garrick's Head Hotel, Ballarat, who i charged with being an accomplice in th fraud. The prisonors have boon brough before the local magistrates and remanded f o further inquiry. Tenders have beon recoivod by the Boan of Land and Works for the construction o now goods sheds, platforms, &c;, for the Mel bourne terminus of the Victorian Railwa lines. Tho lowest tender, which will m doubt be acceptod, was that of Mr. J. Thoma for £45,000. The Melbourno Industrial and Technolc gical Museum was opened on the St h Soptom her, when Professor M'Coy delivered the ina« gural lecture, describing the plan it was pre posed to adopt for the diffusion of technolc gical knowledge amongst the artisan classes The next lecture of the course is to be de livered on the 15th September, by Mr. Gee Foord, the subject being " Chemistry Applioi to Manufactures ;" and Mr. Ulrich will shortl commence a course- of class lectures on th art of mining, in which ho proposes to trea this extensive subject in the same manner o that adopted at tho Royal School of Mine! Jermyn-street, London, and at institutions c this class in Germany. Intelligence having reached this colony tha fever, small-pox. and cholera aro prevalen ia tuo Putcli settlements oí Batavia, all vessel arriving_ from that place are to go into quarantine. News has reached Mauritius of tho dis- covery of gold on the neighbouring island of Madagascar. Several ounces of gold ore havo been presented to the Primo Minister by some ono conuected with the English mission in the island, bnt tho present was received in a very ungracious manner, the Government no doubt fearing that if gold wore discovered in quantity there would bo a "rush" of Euro- peans to the spot, who would quickly overrun and mako themselves masters of the country. Further search for gold has beon prohi- bited. Sir James Palmor, on his retirement from his position as chairman of the Board of Edu- cation, has been presented with an address by the members and ex-members of tho board. Alderman Wraggo's exertions, as a member of the Melbourne City Corporation, in helping to overcome the opposition which was at Sr.it raised in that body to tho erection of the new Town-hall, have been recognised by his fellow citizens, who have presented him with a handsome silver claret jug and a purse of 210 sovereigns, accompanied by a suitable address. The presentation was made in thu council chamber, by the mayor. General regret has been caused by the death of Mr. Claud Farie, sheriff of Melbourne, who expired on the 22nd August, after a fortnight's illness. Mr. Farie, though not much past the prime of life when he died, was yet an old colonist, having come out to Victoria at a very early age. Ho was one of a family of 20, and was the son of Mr. James Farie, the owner of a large coal- boaring property near Glasgow, Scotland. He emi- grated to Victoria in the year 1839, being then only a little over 20 years of age, and invested capital in station property in the Wes- tern district. When the gold-fields broke out, Mr. Farie, like many other settlers, found great difficulty in getting anyone to look after his stock, and he was therefore induced to sell his property and accept the office of sheriff of Victoria, to which he was appointed by Governor La Trobe in 1852\. For the last few yoars he had also discharged the duties of In- spector-General of Penal Establishments, the office having been amalgamated with that of the sheriff, though it is now about to be again made a seperate appoint- ment. Mr. Farie was universally liked, and in private circles his many good qua- lities caused him to be held in high es- timation. In the discharge of the duties con- nected with his official position he was most conscientious and painstaking, and he earned the goodwill of all in the department by his straightforwardness and impartiality, Mr. Farie's successor has not yet been appointed, but the deputy-sheriff, Mr. L. Ellis, is dis- charging the duties as acting-sheriff. Mr. James Marshall, solicitor, a colonist of 16 years' standing, died at Melbourne on the 17th August. He was one of the oldest mem- bers in the colony of the Masonic fraternity, having been master of the "Ancient Lodge of Edinburgh Mary's Chapel," as early as 1830. He was subsequently poet laureate of tho Canongate Kilwinning Lodge, chairman of the Law Committee of tho Grand Lodge of Scotland, and a Knight Templar. Previously to his arrival in this colony ne had practised for 30 years in the Supreme Court of Scot- land, chiefly in the criminal department of the law, during which time he also compiled several works on Scotch law, and contributed some dramatic sketches to the Edinburgh stage. Defalcations on the part of bank officials havo become only too common of late. The most recent case is that of the accountant of the National Bank at Geelong, Mr. C. IS. Farrell, who has disappeared from the dis- trict leaving a deficiency in his accounts of upwards of £1,500. Mr. Farrell had been in the service of the National Bank ever siuca its establishment in Geelong, and was much respected in his position. A rather remarkable case of fraud has re- cently been brought to light. In 1808, a large iron and tin manufacturing firm in the county of Stafford, England, of which Eliza Tinsley is the head, sent to Molbourno as colonial traveller and representative, a yonng man, said to be of good family, named Wil- liam Earl Forder, who was to receive a reasonable salary, and to whom was given a large sum in cash, with which to gain a position in the market, and commence busi- ness. The plan of operations appointed was that he should receive shipments of the firm as soon as they arrived in port, and dispose of them to the best advantage. Four different shipments were sont out to Fordor, who, however, instead of following his instructions, obtained advances upon the bills of lading. Being, of course, unable to redeem the bills upon which advances had been given, the cargoes passed out of his hands, and were lost to the firm he represented. The united value of the four shipments was in England, £4,500, but by the time the goods had passed the Cus- toms, &c;, they would have been worth about £8,000, or nearly double the cost price. He bad in the meantime been writing home to say that he was getting on well, and that the first cargo bad been disposed of for £2,000. The firm did not seem to suspect anything ; but apparently thinking that there was a larger opening than they had at first imagined, they sent out a Mr. Richard Leonard Lloyd to assist Forder in carrying on the colonial business, and Lloyd arrived in May last by the mail steamer Malta. He tried to com- municate with Fordor, who, however, was not to be found in Melbourno, and it was soon discovered that he had absconded to Sydney under the name of Harry Moreton. The Sydney detective police were communicated with, and Forder having been arrested, was brought to Melbourne and charged at the City Police Court with embezzling £1,800, that being the amount which is said to have been advanced him on the bills. The prisoner at once ad- mitted the offence, and made a voluntary statement that he regretted his conduct, and left his case altogether in the hands of the firm. The case has been adjourned for the production of evidonce. During the voyage of the steamer Macedon from Liverpool to this port a passenger named Jeremiah Ryan committed suicide by hanging himself. From words which he dropped after he came on board, and also from some in- coherent letters which he left behind, there seems reason to suppose that he had been in some way mixed up, either as an accomplice or as an informer, or perhaps as both, in an agrarian outrage in Ireland, and it is surmised that remorse for the part he took preyed upon his mind, and produced the state of feeling which led him to destroy himself. In one of the letters he asked God to pardon him for his sins, and hoped that Pat. Gleeson and George Gleeson would forgive him. There was found with the letter a portion of the Belfast News Letter of April 17, containing a long leading article having reference to the murder, in a most brutal manner, of Patrick Kirwin, a bailiff in the employment of Mr. Chas. Clarke a resident landlord in Tipperary, and a magis- trate and deputy- lieutenant of the county, A telegram in the same paper mentioned that a man named Gleeson, who was in custody on a charge of being the murderer of Kirwan had confessed that he had perpetrated tho act in a fit of frenzy. Ryan for some time before putting an end to his existence appeared to be suffering great remorse for something or other, and the inference from his muttered expressions was, that he had been instru- mental in having Gleeson arrested for Kir- wan's murder, or was himself privy to tin crime. A defaulting Lancashire cotton tnanufac turor, named John Carter, has boen appre bonded at Brisbane, Queensland. A iev months ago it seems he became insolvont his liabilities amounting to about £10,000. Hi absconded soon afterwards from Clayton-le Moor, taking with him some property belong ing to bis croditors. Tho caso carno undei tho provisions of tho now English Insolvoncj Act, and tho creditors having rocoivot information that the delinquent had sailed ir tho Young Australia for Queensland, utidui the alias of Clayton, a member of tho count] constabulary of Lancashire, Mr. Luke Wil- kinson, was sent out by tho lost overland mail with a warrant to arrest him. Ot arrival in tho colony tho warrant wai endorsed .by a judge of the Supremo Courfc and the runaway was arrested on board the Young Australia. His surpriso on meetiiif Wilkinson, whom he knew at homo, may be imagined. A shocking case of child murdor has taker place at Sandridge. Tho victim wasaboj about two years of age, and. tho murderei his stepfather, Edward Marwood Elton, whe has lately beon employed as a waiter io various hotels. The child was the illegiti- mate son of a young woman named Darby- shire, whom EltonTiad recently married. Talcing the poor child to an unfrequented spot known M the Sanejridgo Bend, ho cul its throat from car to ear with a razor, re- turning immediately to tell the horrifiod mother what ho had done. The prisoner was at once arrested, and the police had some difficulty in protecting him from tho excited crowd which had collected on the spot. He was subsequently lodged in gaol, where he now awaits his trial on the charge of wilful murder. From the naturo of his conduct previous to the commission of the crime, and from tho manner in which it was committed, it is thought that tho prisoner is insane. According to his own account, ho is a nephew of Sir Edward Marwood Elton, ba- ronet of the United Kingdom. There is no proof, however, beyond his own assertion, that ho is related to the baronet, and the statement is not therefore implicitly be- lieved. An accident, resulting fatally, has happened to Mr. Edwin Sleight, eldest son of Mr. John Sleight, undertaker, Collins-street, Melbourne. Ho was riding along tho Punt-road, Prahran, when his horse bolted with him, and he was unable to pull it up, and on coming to a fence he was thrown off. Mr. Sleight fell upon his head, but did not at the time feel very much injured by his fall. He was conveyed to his place at St. Kilda, and there was enabled to walk about and recount the circumstances of his accident. Soon, however, serious symp- toms made their appearauce, and at 12 o'clock at night he expired, death being caused kby concussion of the spine. On the 17th August, the Burgoon of the ship Agamemnon, a young man named Molccey, died suddenly from the rupture of an aneurism. The vessel was about 200 miles from Cape Otway, but the body was brought to Sandridge, and an inquest held, when the cause of death, as above stated, was elicited. A second-class passenger by tho same ship, named Frank Baillie, was drowned after the vessel had come alongside the pier, in endea- vouring to return on board. James Cusack, who beat his wife to death at Gooley's Creek, has been executed at the Melbourne Gaol, The deceased, who was a native of County Clare, Ireland, and was 33 years old at the time of his death, arrived in this colony in the ship Meteor. When the murder was committed he was a working miner and keeper of a grog shanty at Gooley's Creek. ÏÏ.M.S. Blancho has returned to Welling- ton Harbour, after a fruitless search of the Auckland Islands for the missing men of the Daphne, who left the vessel in a whaleboat, or survivors of the lost ship Matoaka. Be- fore the Blanche left tho islands the Daphne, which had gone to Invercargill for supplies, arrived and helped in tho search. The people on board the schooner were taken on board the Blanche and landed at Port Ross, whilo the Blanche went round the island under very easy steam, and as close to the shore as it was possible to do with safety. All the boats were sent out to different parts of the coast, somo of tho Daphne's crow being in each boat, with instructions to light fires during tho search ; but thoy all returned un- successful. Preliminary steps have been taken for cele- brating the centenary of Beethoven's birth, which occurs on the 17th December in the present year, by a grand musical festival. Mr. Horsley was the originator of the idea, which is likely to be carried out by holding a series of concerts in the new Town-hall, at which some of the best known of the com- poser's works will bo performed. An establishment for the manufacture of bricks according to an English patent, has been opened by Messrs. Collier, Barry, Owen, and Rourko, at Brunswick. The machinery will turn out 15,000 bricks per day, which are superior to the ordinary brick in having a concavity on each side, so that they can bo used in building without the mortar appear- ing at their edges. Tho buildings, which aro of a very extensive character, occupy a 12-acro paddock, and the whole, including the machinery, has caused an outlay of £12,000. The annual show and sale of horses at the Melbourne Royal Horse Bazaar was very suc- cessful. The draught horses wore all in mag- nificent condition. Some of tho prices rea- lised at the sale were vory high, particularly thoso for Vanquisher and Black Prince, two magnificent specimens of tho Clydesdale horse, the former (a recent importation) bringing £875, and tho latter £850. Tho thorougubred horses wore also of excellent quality, and in good condition. In the discussion which has takon place in the Legislativo Assembly of South Australia on the Constitution Act Amendment Bill, the House condemned the proposed reduc- tion in tho Governor's and Ministerial salaries. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. But for the war alarms, the political now« of the month would bo almost a blank. The Parliamentary recess continuos, and the sur- face of Victorian affairs is marked by extreme calm, which, the fact of the approaching general election has scarcely disturbed. The Cabinet have mot frequently, but tho results of their deliberations have only rarely been divulged, and with what plan of operations they will meet Parliament, which is expected to open in tho middle of October, is a matter of speculation, except as concerns our defences. Their decision in favour of enrolling a small pormanent local artillery corps will be found in its place in the portion of our summary which treats of that subject. Tho various royal commissions appointed to inquire into the working of our charitable and penal institutions, and other questions which await legislation, have beon steadily pursuing their labours without any very marked sign. A little excitement has attended the election of six ra um bor s of the Legislative Council, whoso seats have been vacated by eiHuxion of time. In four instances the old members have been ro-olected, throo without opposition ; nor was tho disputed oloction at all hotly contested. The remaining seats are both contested. The election for one has yet to tako place, but in tho other instance a curious state of things has transpired. The returning officer for the Central Province, Dr. Wilkio, is an ex-member of the Logislativo Council himself, and always voted on tho "Constitu- tional " side. Tho two candidates for the vacant seat wero Captain Cole, a gentleman of vory_ advanced age and many consequent infirmities, butunflinching in his advocacy of oxtreme protectionist views such as marked the old Tory party in England, and an un- swerving Government supporter : and Mr. J, S. Johnston, an experienced legislator, an ox cabinet minister, and a Constitutionalist. By a mistake in Dr. Wilkio's formal proceed- ings, the candidature of both became vitiated, upon which the Government - albeit an equally palpaplo blunder was subsequently found in the vory writ itself-removed the doctor from his post. Wo meroly mention the incident for what it is worth. An abortive move in politics has beon made by a very insignificant political.party, known as the Protection and Anti-Immigration League, It consisted of an appeal to tho Governor personally, with a view to in- duce him to adopt a certain Uno of conduct. A deputation waited upon His Excolloncy for the purpose of presenting to him a memorial, adopted at a small public mooting, praying him to dissolvo Parliament, for the reasons that law and usago required the dissolution of a triennial Parliament as soon as it had passed three Appropriation Bills. Tho principal speakers urged upon His Excellency that as the practice in England had beon to dissolvo Parliament as soon as sovon sessions bad boon held and sevon Appropriation Bills passed, a liko courso Bhould bo pursued hero, so that a now Parliament might bo callod togothor in time to deal with the finances of the year 1871\. As a matter of policy, they also sub- mitted that tho prosont would bo a most op- portune time for an appeal to tho country. His Excellency, in reply, doclinod to discuss the policy of dissolving Parliament at tho present time, or in any way to ontor upon another matter referred to in tho memorial viz., alleged unauthorised expenditure, for immigration purposes. Those wero quostions ho left to his responsible advisors But ho stated his views on tho question of constitu- tional law and usago. It might havo boon tho continuous practico in England to dis- solve the Imperial Parliament, when not dis- solved soonor, at tho end of tho sovonth ses- sion and on tho passage- of tho seventh Ap Eropriation Bill, but ho certainly had nover card that that practico was in consequence of any constitutional rule. Ho saw nothing unconstitutional in tho courso he had pur- sued in accordance with tho advice of his responsible advisors. Tho only other political evont of tho month was another attempt by Mr. Higinbotham to rekindlo the slumbering fires of opposition be- tween the Legislativo Assembly ana tho Logis« lative Council. At one of Captain Colo's olec tion meetings bo took the opportunity to explain that, while ho strongly supported Cap- tain Cole's candiehiture upon personal grounds, ho was not by any means sure that thoro- elec tion of that gentleman could be as successfully defended upon public grounds. Ho considered that the presenco in tho Legislativo Council of a small minority, to which Captain Cole be- longed, delayed the struggle which must ulti- mately tako place between the two branches of the Legislature beforo the rights and privi- leges of the Assembly could be clearly defined and_ acted upon. If the Council were success- ful in tho struggle which must take place, the result would be, ho said, tho establishment of one of the" meanest and basest oligarchical systems of government to bo found on the face of the earth, as tho oligarchy would consist of men who had neither rank, station, birth, breeding, education, nor even the reality of that woalth upon which they founded their most presumptuous and illcg.il claims. To_ precipitate the struggle and hasten the de- cision, he would not be sorry to see the minority he had alluded to uxpallcd from the Council, for he considered that the Assombly had^ shown culpable romissness in the as- sertion of its rights. During his remarks Mr. Iliginbothara was frequently cheored by the assemblage, which consisted of about 100 of Captain Cole's partisans. VICTORIAN DEFENCES. The war news by last mail found us without anticipation of danger, and certainly in a moro unprepared state (considering what must bo our means of defence in future) than we have been in this many a year. Wo last bestirred ourselves in the matter of our de- fences when tho expedience of the American civil war showed the weakness and untrust worthiness of the batteries of 68-pounders of the old smooth-boro pattern with which wo had hoped to defend tho base of Hobson's Bay. Wo say nothing of tho battery of guns of the same calibro at Port Phillip Hoads, which »orno of the most shining lights in our Legislature made believe would bo found in some way effectual in case of attack. While yet the American war was in progress, Mr. Verdon, our present agent-goneral in London, was sent to England to negotiate with the Im- perial Government for aid, and he was so successful that we obtained the Nelson line of-battle ship, of tho old build, both as a means of defenco and as a training-ship, a number of 300-poundor and 80-pounder riflod guns, and the promise of the Cerberus with its four l8-ton lim. GOO-pounder turret guns. (Of course, the colony had to pay to a large extent for all these things, but upon the whole the Imperial Government behaved very hand- somely.) Tho nrmnment of tho Nelson consisted of-onheruppcrdeck,sixl2-pounder howitzers for boat and field practico, and two 68-pounder smooth-bores converted into rifled 150 pounders as bow-chasers ; on her main deck 20 82-pounders of the 42cwt. pattern ; and on her lower deck, her most dangerous woapons, 20 converted C4-pounders, i.e., the old cast-iron smooth-boro guns of this description reborcd, tubed, and rifled according to tho Palliser process. Having got all this, tho Victorian Government made up its mind that nothing more need be done. The Nelson arrived, and forthwith became a training-ship, but ita guns have never yet been exercised. The 300-poundcrs and 80-pounders have beon allowed to lie dismounted, except in respect to a few of the latter, which the hard worked staff of the Local Military department have managed to get into position, and most of tho batteries were allowed to fall into dilapidation. Nevertheless, our moans of defenco were and romain vory considerable, tho above remarks only referring to the actual condition in which things wore aliowod to get. Including the guns of tho Nelson, wo havo tho following stock :-Of tho latest Imperial Ordnance pattorn, six 300 poundors and 24 80-poundors ¡ of the Armstrong pat- tern, six 40 pounders, six 12-pounders, and six C pounders ; of tho Whitworth pattern, six 3-poundors ; of the Palliser pattorn, 20 64-pounders and two 7-poundors ; smooth- bores, 30 68-pounders, 3832-pounders, and two 6-pounders ; howitzers, one 24-poundor and 1512-pounders, with the proper ammunition and stores. At the same time, only the ma- jority of our eight batteries wero mounted, and that with 68-pounder smooth-bores, a gun useful in its way, but which will raroly throw its spherical shot or shell beyond 2,000 yards. Of all our splendid 80-pounders, which may bo relied upon for first-rato practice at nearly twice tho last- mentioned distance, only four aro in position. None of the 300 pounders have ever been mounted at all. As to our other means of defence, we have since the military left (per ship Corona, on August 22) only our volunteors, under the command of the local Military department, consisting of about 2,000 rifle men, 1,200 artillerymen, 150 engineers, 200 cavalry, and 250 of the naval brigade. The above are given in round numbers, and rather under than over the real figures. To arm them we have about 7,200 muzzle loading rifles and about 500 breech-loaders (Westley Richards carbines). It must be owned that since tho war news come the utmost alacrity has porvadod all those concerned. Our English readers must bear in mind that while there was all this negligence in respect to tho guns,-our volunteer movement never flagged, or in tho slightest degree moderated in ro spect to the efficiency or enthusiasm of tho men. Moreover, it is a present experience that, through tho unceasing attention of tho colonel-commandant (Colonol W. A. D. Anderson) and his staff, matters have always boon kopt en train, and now, when everything has to bo done, tho moans aro found at hand, with every preparation that forethought could suggest duly made. Tho Government at onco gave their whole mind to tho subject, and speedily carno to conclusions. They agreed, in the first place, to establish a small pormanent local corps of artillery, each candi- date for appointment to which to possoss that amount of training and exporionco as would enablo him to command a gun ; and also to form* militia, which the Vpluntoers are invited to join. Both theso plans will need the sanction of the Legislature, but tho onrolment of tho pormanent corps has begun well, and thoro is every expectation of tho Voluntoors to a mau joining the militia. Thon the whola body of tho Volunteors are to bo put through extra training in garrison duties, 4c, and so soon as the barracks vacated by tho Royal Irish Regiment can be got ready, 300 or 400 mon at a time will spend a week in turn thoro, going during the day to their ordinary avocations, and spending their mornings and evenings at drill. In tho same tray it was also arranged that the mon of the Naval Brigade' should bo oxorcisod at the Nelson guns, and thus leam their duty afloat. Further, a scheme of fortifications and naval obstructions (including torpodoos) has boen proparcd, according to a basis long since digested, and although its naturo and leading features havo not transpirad, it cor tainly includes mounting all the guns in tho colony, and their protection by earthworks. Carriages aro being mado for the unmounted 80-pounders, except such as aro to bo mounted on Moncrieff carnages, also being constructed hero. The question of converting our rifles into breech-loaders is boing earnestly dis cvBsed, togothor with tho establishment of a powder-mill, and tho arrangement of our torpodo and war-telegraph stores. It has been also thought advisablo to put the mon of tho polico force through oxtra drill, in case they may be wanted. , Having in less than a fortnight dono so much towards putting the defences of tho Hoads and nobson's Bay upon a war footing, it is not likely that thoro will bo any slack ness in carrying out tho rost of tho pro- gramme. Tho*war news has only como by telegraph, and has not boen yet officially communicated, so that tho Govornmonthavo issued no proclamations on the subject. Our shipping is but little affected, for tho only ship bearing tho flag of cither of tho bolh gerents is tho French barque Reno, 296 tons, from Charonto. Sho will Bhortly procood to Sydney with part of her cargo. Several North-G orman vessels aro expected, with toa from Foo-chow-foo. CONTINUATION OF MAYORAL FESTL VITIES. Wo gave our English readers by last mail an account of tho unusually grand festivities with which Mr". S. Arness, Mayor of Mel- bourne, had inaugurated tho now Town-hall, an edifice ontitled to tako a high place among the municipal buildings of the world. The Rrand çonçort »B4 still grander fancy baU, both given at the mayor's expenso, and also described, wero events, oven in tho wonderful history of Melbourne. The circumstances which ensued are equally worthy of record. The second'inaugural con- cert took placo just about the time the mail loft, and then carno a movemont among tho citizens for a complimentary return ball to the mayor and mayoress. Wo havo had re- turn mayors'balls before, but nono such as this. Men of all ranks and classes, judges and journalists, bankers and barristers, mer- chants and manufacturers, Cabinet Ministers, civil servants, and tradesmen, pressed eagerly to bo on the committee. The issuo of tickets was limited to about 2,500; but long before the day carno they had been all bought up, and hundreds were left lamenting their pro- crastination. Such were the happy auguries of this second fancy ball, which fully equalled, if it did not surpass, tho glories of the one which went beforo. It would bo tautology to describe the ball itself, seeing that it was little» moro than a very vivid reflection of its predecessor, with tho advantago of more per- fect ni rangements and a perceptible propor- tion of new dresses. In view of tho existing d illness in the commercial world, it was won- derful how much money must havo beon spent in this way. As on tho previous occasion, the Governor, tho mayor and mayoress, and a number of municipal dig- nitaries from the surrounding colonies, nero present to witness the thorough-going fashion in which our citizens honour one «bom they deem thoroughly worthy. A splendid complimentary benefit to Mr. C. E. Horsley, the composer of "Eutorpe"-the in- augural cantata-and Mr. H. Kendall, the author of the poetry thereof, concluded tho Town-hall festivities. As an illustration of tho success of the Fancy Ball, wo may mention that out of tho prouts £fi00 was dis- tributed among the charitable institutions of tho city. THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION AT SYDNEY. This exhibition was opened on tho 30th of August. It is held by the Agricultural So- ciety of New South Wales as thoir annual exhibition, enlarged into one of colonial im- portance, to celebrate tho centonary of tho navigator Cook. To insure its coming up to tho requisite standard, tho society issued an extensivo prize-list, which has had tho effoct of bringing togethor many useful and into resting articles of produce and manufacturo not usually coming within tho scope of au agricultural body ; and they at tho samo timo took caro to havo tho neigbouriug colonies well ropreBonted among the competitors. They were provided with a spacious exhibition hall, erectod by tho muni- cipal corporation of Sydnoy at an ox pense of £23,000-put up, as it may be said, specially for the prosent exhibi- tion, though intonded as a place for holding exhibitions in general. The sito of tho build- ing is Prince Alfred Park. Tho society themselves laid out a further sum of £0,000 in providing accommodation for the live stock. Tho opening day was proclaimed a public holiday, and Lord Belmore, the Governor, officiated at the opening ceromouy. Besides being very largely attended by tho pooplo of Sydney, tho exhibition has attracted many visitors from Victoria, His Excellency the Governor (Lord Canterbury) being among the number. The exhibits wero divided into two classos, agricultural and non-agricultural. In tho agricultural division there woro 12 sections, comprehending live stock, wool, wine, sugars, farm produce, horticulture, manures, and implements. Tho competition in the live stock department was almost entirely limited to Now South Wales breeders ; tho horeo and cattle sections wero those holding greatest prominonce. In tho horse section, blood stock figured best, but not to tho extent which might have boon oxpoctod in a colony so celebrated among tho Austra- lian colonies for tho quality of its racehorsos. Probably the prizes woro not sufficiently largo to induce stud proprietors to send thoir best animals, which can \xi as advantageously brought into public notico upon the race- course. Several leading studs, however, woro represented. The first and second prizes for stallions, 3 years and ovor, woio obtained by Tairagon and Yattendon, two New South Wales horses famous on the colonial turf a few years back. Some of their stock appeared among tho yearlings. The prir.o for two-year olds went to Grandmaster, a son of tho cele- brated French horse Gladiateur. The draught stock wore considered an improvement upon previous shows, but still considerably rotnovod from perfection-leaving out of consideration a few individual exhibits. It appears that the demand for stock of this description during late years has not been largo, and heneo so much attontion has not boon dovoted to the breeding of draught stock as has been to the breeding of blood stock. Tho cattle sections woro excellently filled with both storo and fat cattle Tho exhibits of store cattle were for the most part Durhams, an index of o prefenco existing for short- horns compared with Devons and Horefords. In the class of Durhams, three years old and over, three woro animals imported from Eng- land, three Victoriau bred, and ono New South Wales bred. Mr. A. A. Dangar's Gari- baldi, from Burton-on-Tront, took the first prize, and Grand Princo (Victorian bred) second ; Imperial Purplo (Victorian brett) was highly commended. Tho Durham bull Theodore (imported) took a first prize in his class. Tho young stock (all Now South Wales biod) was very supo rior, somo of the best shorthorn blood being represented. Thoro was a fair displayed of Horofords, which year by yoar aro coming moro into notico. Tho sheep depart- ment was ono which it might havo boon ox Eected would bo well filloa up, but the ox ¡bite wero few. In these days of stringont regulations for the keeping down of scab, it is difficult to sond sheep from ono colony to another. In tho department for dogs thoro woro oxcollont specimens of colonial bred sporting dogs. In tho section do- voted to implements aud maohinory, tho Victorian exhibitors went far ahoad of thoso of New South Walos, in many classes tho competition being conßnod to Victorians alono. Mossrs. T. Robinson and Co. took prizes for their collection of farming implements, reaping, mowing, and throshing machines, seed-sowing machines, sot of whipplo-troes, collection of dairy uton sils, corn-crusher, cultivator, straw-olc vator, &c.; ; Messrs. G. Wilding and Co. prizes for threshing-machines, corn-cracker, horso-works, treblo-action root- cuttor, &o.;, railway horse troad-powor. cultivator, harrow, &a;, bosidos receiving high commendation for other articles ; Mr. u. Edwards, a prize for a skim plough ; Mr. Thomas Anderson, a prizo for a winnowing-machine ; Mr. J. Bundo, a prize for a bandchaff-cuttor ; all thoso Doing Melbourne exhibitors. Hore it may bo statod that Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot, carriage builders, Melbourno, received a prizo for thoir The non-agricultural oxhibite woro dividod into-fino arts, application of liberal arts (printing, bookbinding, &c;), astronomical and surveying instruments, furnituro and othor objects, for uso in dwellings ; clothing, includingsfabrics; products, raw and manu- factured, of mining industry ; apparatus in the common arts ; food, iresh and pre- served. In tho furnituro department, thero was an oxcollont display of articles mado from colonial woods. In tho clothing section, tho plain and fancy twoods woro almost, entirely of colonial manufacturo, aud tho chief exhi- bitors woro tho two Geelong companies. The Albion Company, Goolong, carried off tho prizo, boating tho long-ostablisliod factories of Now South Wales. Tho section for apparatus in tho common arts comprised locomotives, railway carriages, portable stoam- onginos, sugar-crushing and dry_ machinos,_ typo casting machines, machines used in tho manufacture of boots, uro-encinos, &c.; Tho exhibits wero spoken highly of ; they almost ontirely bolong to Now South Wales. Tho section food, fresh and prosorvod, contained a larpo number of exhibits. Thoro wero several Victorian oxhibitors of grain, flour, maizena, alo and porter, plain and fancy biscuits, arrowroot, and starch, tho prize-takers being. Tho proprietors of tho Carlton Browery tor bottled ale (Mr. Tooth, tho woll-known brewer, obtaining for Sydnoy tho honour of producing the best alo in bulk) ; Messrs. Swallow and Arioll, of Sandridgo, for biscuits ; Mr. Fowler, of Glenlyon, Victono.for wheat; and Mr. M 'Andrew, of Goolong, forçats. Now South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland appeared as competitors in tho àopartmeat ot ^served ^tf^'&J;'tt'S nA^ervïd by^s Mtonj= vacuum pro cess, willett was pronounced suporH?/ W «ny Other exhibit, and recommended for special notice, but too small in quantity to get a prize; the Australian Company, which showed boiled beef and mutton without bone; the Warrnambool Company, the Echuca Company, and the Bendigo Agricultural Society, which" exhibited tins of prefer ved game and fish. The prize for tho best curad meat was awarded to Messrs. Manning and Staiger, of Queensland. Messrs. Wat- son and Paterson, of Melbourne and North- cote, took the prizes for bacon and hams. The Echuca beef and prize mutton were pro- nounced good, the Lake Bogan mutton good, and the Warrnambool beef was highly com- mended. The Lake Bogan fish obtained a i prize. Mr. Bencraft, of Hawthorn, _ Mel- bourne, received commendation for ni3 oat- meal. In the section of chemical and phar- maceutical products, some valuable exhibits were furnished by the director of the Mel bourne Botanic-gardens (Dr. Mueller)- viz., vegetable oils, tars, gum, resins, essential oils, materials for dyeing, tanning, liquorice, ob- tained from colonial plants and woods, which were looked upon as specially important. In sevoral sections tho decisions of the judges have not yet been made known. There was a special display of Victorian wines, the vignerons of this colony being too late for the general entries, which were received and ad- judicated upon some time before the show was opened. The Exhibition will close at the end of the present month. So far tho receipts for ad- mission have beon large, so that in a financial aspect alone there has been success-a strong encouragement to the holding of moro such exhibitions. THE FIJI ISLANDS. A considerable emigration to the favourite group of the South Pacific has taken place within the past half-year, owing to the success which has been attending the cultivation ot Sea Island cotton in Fiji. Since April last seven vessels, with their complements of pis sengers, havo left the port of Melbourne for the new Eldorado, and the departures from Sydney have been more numerous still. It is to bo feared that many of these emigrants will meet with disappointment. Cheap land and labour wero the first inducements held out to settlers in these islands, but competi- tion during the past year has been so keon that neither land nor labour is to be obtained by any but those possessed of considerable means. Some of the recent settlers from Melbourne hold land warrants under the Polynesia Company, which, though not a success financially speaking, still holds large tracts of country in the group which will ultimately bo settled. Tho white population of the Fiji's is now nearly 3,000, and cotton to the amount of £45,000 was exported last year. From Is 3d. to 4s. lid. per lb. has been obtained in the home markets for Fiji grown Sea Island cotton. On the 23rd August the s.s. Alhambra cleared out with upwards of 100 saloon and second cabin passengers. On her departure there was a very animated scene at the Sand- ridge pier, where a large crowd of the friends of the passengers had collected to wish them bon voyage to the "Cannibal Islands." The s.s. Auckland has also since been despatched with passengers via Sydney. The white sottlors have as yet met with no serious opposition from tho native popula- tion, towards whom a conciliatory policy has hitherto been adopted ; but with the large number of people now taking up land com- plications may bo oxpected to arise, though it is not likely the Fijtans, who are a very in- dolent race, will over unite as ono people against the Europeans. The news of a mas- sacre on the north coast of tho largest island which recently reached Melbourne, creatod some uneasiness at first among thoso who had friends in the country. This affair, howover, was confined to the mountain tribes, who are still heathen, and the white settlers wero not in any way interfered with. It was in fact only an episode of tho hills, of common occur- rence in Fiji, which is regarded by the Europeans as one of thoso agents of civilisa- tion by which the aboriginals are gradually being civilised off the face of tho earth. The mystery attending tho sudden disappearance of Mr. Norman, formerly of Carlton, who some nino months ago left Lovuka with a boat-load of plantation hands from Tanna for his plantation on Vanua Lovu, has at length buen cleared up. It appears that ou the way the natives took possession of the boat, and attempted to maleo for their own country. On the 17th day out, when starving for want of provisions, they murdered Mr. Norman, and ato the body. The boat was ultimately cast upon an island, on which some of the survivors hare beon found. THE WEATHER. Nevor since meteorological observations havo been recorded in Victoria has suoh an unusually rainy winter season boon experi- enced as the present, and therefore it is but natural that wo should at length have to chroniclo the nows of oxtonsive aud de- structive floods with which both town and country districts havo been visited. For tho first part of the last month the woathor was cold and boisterous, with, occasionally, heavy squalls ; but, during the latter part it had become milder, and rain and bail storms wero less frequent. On the afternoon of August 17 a violent thunderstorm occurred, and its disastrous cffectB wore felt ovor a considerable tract of country. At Ballarat tho barometer fell to 28'20, and at Geelong to 29 26, or lower than it has done during tho last li years. Consi- derable damage was done in many of tho towns whoro tho storm was folt, and moro than one lifo was lost, in addition to several persons sustaining injuries. Daylesford seems to havo suffered moro than any place in tho colony, proporty to the amount of £1,500 having been destroyod thoro alono. For a few days after this almost suramor weather was experienced, and hopes wero entertained that wo should havo escaped tho disasters' of a flood, which havo been feared more or less for several weoks post in couse qnonco of tho up country creeks nnd rivors being all nearly bank high through the im 1 menso quantity of rain which has fallon sinco tho beginning of tho year, and which roaches tho unprecedented height of upwards rain again set in, an d full all day and night al- most withoutintormission,andnoxtday stories .ofL disaster and destruction of proporty were received from all parts of Victoria. Melbourne itself has perhaps suffered loss thon any othor part of 'the country, although residents in tho suburbs in tho immediato vicinity of the 'Yarra Have received considerable damage All .the lowlands in tho neighbourhood of tho ,Yarra'are submerged ; but, beyond the stop- page'of "most'of the manufactories on its banks,, comparatively little loss to pro 'porty'has occurred. Tho flood, though not nearly so high 'as tho famous 'one of 1863, ',is '-Tcmarkablo 'for tho oxtremo sudden- ness''with which it carno on. Of courso '-?this1'' Was'1, prinoipnlly caused by the ¥ain/having cpmo at tho end of a sin 'gularly wet season, when ovory river and 'creek!was bank high;, and, the ground cora plotäy saturated, but so far as Melbourno was concerned the flood wns" undoubtedly procipi tated by an extraordinary storm of rain, which fell''about'¡midday on September 8. Tho water literally' came down in, shoots, and when it is mentioned that in the course of an hour an inch, of rain fell, this statement will 'be credited'. ' One fatal casualty occurred in tho Tarra during the flood, and tho "fresh" had also the effect Of dislodging rind raising to'the surface; n dead body which mu9t have'Iain at the bottbtn 'of tho river for J nearly a couplo of months. Groat anxiety was for 'Ja timo' felt as to tho ,Bafety of a lhrgo ship which during tho height of ,lho ga]e wits seen in a critical position off 'llio Nepean fecf, at tho entrance of Hobson's i. W'.J"'Wn closo oh'W'tho reef, howover, she 'put about,1 just in time to escape shipwreck, .and'towards dark was'seen clear off the i2M«iÄ°/',tho we»*hor it 'was irapos Bible to make out what1 ship it was and îffi^KA^jrrt 'dntoredAU Hoads. The 'a?°dTln ihSltM^^^I« height about i î?^'*"ïïH"ÏSf 'Ptplb, wbr<> componed to ?. entirely dbsort then- hoiries rmd seek rdtuw ,'AW tb.é ""{P0 «Wvatod portions' of tho town "An fmrnenso amouht'of damage has boon '"done, to marly of tho sinall'and exposod dwell ¡".inga. Sandhurst also has beon a great sufferer, \- indeed it is considered that never sinco 18">G ; ltBd the tpwn been1 visited'by a largor flood. '¿Ml the' most valuublo part of tho town was ,|f6ubruèrged j tho streets Woro torn up down "to,tho original formation; the fonces wero ltnocked "aown, bridges either carried away . orSs'rriashed, and nu incalculable amount of r damage dono. From'' Caatlo'malno, Huntly, r Maryborough, ' Kyrteiton, Eohuoa, Runny. tnedd,' Avooo.-Tdlbofc, And indeed from almost .all'tbe'chief towna OP the colony, the same ''disastrous news has been received, and the l amount of injury tey public and private pro- porty "litó * riot yet-been-iHcertalaod.- ^For-'-1 tunately tho flood waters are sub riding, or the consequences would be something fright- ful. Fears were ' entertained lest the em- bankment of the Malmsbury reservoir should give way, but hitherto no intel- ligence has been received of such a lamentable catastrophe having occurred. The water roso to the 44ft. gauge, "and over- flowed both byewashes. Part of the masonry of the tunnel was displaced by the enormous pressure of the flood, "and tho leakage conse- quent on this affected the brickwork. Serious apprehensions are still entertained respecting the safety o£ the embankment. _ In raanv parts of the country communication by road is suspended for a timo in consequence of the destruction of the bridges and the state of the roads, and on the day of the Hood traffic on the Government line between Welbourn« and Sunbury was temporarily stopped owing to the ballast being carried away from under the rails by the force of the water. AGRICULTURE. We have had some fine spring days during the past fortnight, and tho country was ha ginning to look well, until the rain set in again, a day or two ago, moro severely than ever. Heavy floods have been the result, all tho low-lying lands are under water, and a considerable part of the early-sown crops must inevitably be destroyed. Partly in conse quence of this doubtful prospect, and partly owing to the bad state of the roads, breadstuff's have risen a little of late, and Eromise to go still higher. Melbourne as beon kept on a limited allowance of wheat for some months past, although enough flour is sent down from the country to meet actual requirements. Iustead of the metropolis being the depot for the gold- fields, they can all spare flour to us now, and little of either this or wheat is imported. It is almost too long beforehand to speculate on tho failure of next harvest for a decided and permanent rise, and even if such should be our fato, there will bo a good surplus over and above tho con- sumption of the year to begin with. The season for ploughing matches is over, and tho spring shows have commenced. Tue former secured moro intorestthis year from the trials of the double-furrow ploughs, and the propor- tion of work got through by each man with their aid ought to recommend them hore espe- cially, still they did not take so well as might have beon expected with the farmers generally. A fair number have, however, been ordered against next season, and it is by the trials in practical uso that they must stand or fall in Eublic estimation. The shows held as yot ave been only those of some of the early stirring pastoral societies, notably that this week at Skipton, where spocimons from nearly all our best flocks of mermóos are annually brought into competition. The agricultural societies do not commença their shows until uext month, as shearing timo is not of so much im port anco with thom, but we are not to have any national show this year, with its large prizes, and stock and at- tendance in proportion. The Board of Agri- culture having been starved out of oxistenco by the refusal of the Assembly to grant any more money to it, no provision has boen made otherwise, for we have no central body or society for tho whole colony to undertike the management. In its final report the board has recommended that a sub-depart- ment should be opened under one of the Min- isters to carry on, or, in fact, to do tho work left undono by the board. A representa- tive body having failed from its very eura bersomencss, and the want of a leading mind amongst the members or in its secretary, it is supposed that a chiof clerk or secretary of agriculture might collect much valuable in- formation on every branch of the subject, if chosen for his especial knowledge and conse- quent fitness for tho ofiico, It is only necessary to name the vine, the mulberry, and the olive to show that agriculture must hero be closely connected with horticulture and ar- boriculture, and the business connected with all theso departments should be combined in one. Public money is now voted annually in aid of all three, but there is absolutely no check on the expenditure, nor meaus of ascer- taining how far the voting of these sums is followed by public benefit. The genoral be Hof is that much of tho money is uselessly frittered away, so that small annual granta are reluctantly given to troublesome appli- cants, but four times tho amount would bo gladly voted could it be shown that de- sirable results were to he expected in propor- tion. However, some change is 'greatly needed to arouse the farmers, stockownors, and implement makers of Melbourne and the country around it from thoir apathy, for although the old Port Phillip Farmers' Society was dormant for two years previous to its affairs being wound up, some months since, and the Board of Agriculture is to hold its last meeting in a few days, no steps have been yet talton towards organising the now society so long talked of. This must be so constituted as to represent the whole colony, in order that it may undertake one portion of the board's functions, and hold the national shows, while, the distribution of tho monoy voted each yoar, and tho collection of infor- mation, would bo left to tho Government office. Feed for stock will bo most abundant this year, as rains have continued to fall all through tho interior up to the present time. Theso havo delayed shearing, but that vory important annual work has beon commouced on several of the stations north of tho Murray, and tho new clip is boRtnning to arrive ia town. With abundant feed fat stock will continuo plentiful for several months to como at least, so that the moat-preserving establish- ments will have a busy and along soason beforo an advance in price puts a check on their operations again. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Tho progress of mining affairs in tho colony during tho past month has boon vory oven, no especial, now, or important discovories, or any now instances of depression on any gold- field having boen notified. Ballarat, hereto- fore tho most importantdistrict in the colony, has not yot recovered from tho dulness which has characterised it for soma months post, though sauguino hopes aro entertained by many that it will yet regain its old prostigo, and return the large yiolds for which it has beon characterised for yoars past. An inci- dent occurred a few days ago which causod considerable sensation in mining circles thoro, and led to tho belief in many minds that a new era was opening up for tho district. Two miners from Castle- maine, who had taken up an old claim on tho township, announced that they had dis- covered a most valuable quartz reef in tho claim, and it was at once balioved that the statement was not only correct, but that all the land in tho vicinity of the claim as well Ballarat gonorally, would in time bo found rich in quartz reefs that would furnish occu- pation after tho extensive alluvial diggings, which havo hitherto formed tho wealth of Ballarat, woro worked out. Skilled quartz minors woro called upon to oxamino the reef. They did so in good faith, and pronounced it to bogenuino, immediately on which acompany was formed to work it, the terms being that tho two lucky findors wero to have about £-100 given to thom from the proceeds of the solo of shares, that one-third of the number of shares in tho company wore to bo mado over to them as well, and that another third was to bo given up to tho promotora. Tho shares wero rapidly sought for, but happily boforo any money was paid upon thom, two minors named Fitzgerald and Harris, who suspected that tho whole thing was an imposition, oxaminod the mine, and proved that tho reef had beon " salted," or rather that thin layers of gold, or gold leaf, had beon laid on to tho quartz with siso or varnish, and that tboy could bo easily rubbed off. Tho swindle was at onco announced, tho result of which was that the impudout scamps who intended to flooco tho public in1 tho matter of shares to bo sold, woro taken into custody, and will have to answer to tho law for thoir con- spiracy to, defraud. Tho detection of the matter'caused a good deal of disappointment, the Ballarat people gonerally having firmly belloved iil'tho genninoness of tho reef, and also ot^its bcinfe only tho procursor of other similar finds. ' They will,' however, havo to depend, for the present at least, on thoir alluvial mines, which aro being worked and prospected w¡th Buch energy and spirit as must Wto success, if success is to be obtained. While affairs have continued to bo unsatis- factory on Ballarat, tho improvomont that nos been reported month after month respect USLîu 1Ç on Sandhurst, has continued w ISit'10 pil8t {our weeks. In his ont B^8.?ü,mmaíy °M »»"I correspond SJS.irî.ï.^ Tno 8,haro. market during the week has been much animated by fresh di«, coverlea of rich quartz, and many of the com- panies hitherto classed among tho outside?. . have become great favourites, sending in vor! . fine return.. The South Devonshire Com '.pany has .astonished tho public porhaps tua most pi au, with its splendid yield of ICoz. to tho ton. or G70oz. from 42 loads for a fow days' crushing, and it is fully believed that this is not the largest coko that will be sont Jin, Tho tiibuters havo nearly two years to run at 20 per cent., and have declared Is. 9J.. per 24,000th share this week. The next rich stone struck in the district is that of tho South Catherine, where a good return is ex- pected. Four ounces to the load is the result of a crushing on the St. Mungo liue, from the Unicorn Tribute Company, 29 tons giving 12] oz." Favourable returns are given respecting most of the main lines of reef in the district, and the researches that have been made latterly lead to the confident belief that there is work for many years to come in the Sandhurst quartz mines. One very great and important fact, as regards quartz mining, seems to be now thoroughly estab- lished-namely, that quartz-reefs do not, as .previously contended for by many scientific 'judges, invariably become poorer the deeper they go down from the surface, and eventually become non-auriferous. The Collmann aud Tacchi Company, on Sandhurst, are now obtaining very rich stone at a level of 650Et. from the surface in their claim, and they ara still sinking deeper, with an almost positiva certainty that the reef, which has been worked right down from the surface, will neither run out nor become less remunerativo. The Collmann and Tacchi Reef averages in length 40ft. to 60ft, and it has boon worked constantly since 1859. To give an account of its quality it may be stated that the block from the surface down to the 312ft. level yielded 5,670oz., while the block between the 312Et. and 388ft. levels, 50ft. long by 75ft. high, yiolded 5,626oz., out of which £19.000 was di- vided. The yit-le) sinco May, 1867, has beon 7,116oz. üdwt. 18är., out of which £15,608 ha3 been paid in dividends. As previously stated, it was thought not long ago that quartz would be unremunerative at such a depth, but such ideas exist no longer, as, in addition to Messrs. Collmann and Co.'s claim, there aro many other reefs being worked at a great depth with as profitable results as ware obtained nearer the surface, and there are one or two in other districts in the colony where work is carried on very successfully at a still lower lovel. Some remarkably rich specimens of quartz wore lately shown in Melbourno, the speciality of which, according to report, "is not merely their richness, but that they are taken from a well-defined lode below the water- line of the Gipps Land Mountains, and though the shaft is not moro than 50ft. deop, tho lode where it is being now worked is at least 1,300ft. below the cap of the reefs-a pretty sura indication that deep sinking In the level country may bo prosecuted without foar of not getting profitable results. The stone is white, pure quartz, very much laminated, and carrying large quantities of pyrites as well os freo gold, small samples of which havo given enormous returns. The stone, crushed in the usual way, yielded in the upper levels never less than loz. lu the ton ; trial crushings at und balow the water-level have yiolded nearly 10oz. to the ton. The lode varios from 8in. to 2ft. wide, and is on the same line of reefs as the Prince Alfred Company, which is now driving a tunnel along the course of the lode at a depth of 790ft." Berlin keeps up its reputation of being about the best nuggetting country yet dis- covered, announcements being made almost every few days of the finding of nuggets, many of them of largo size. A recent edition of the Inglewood Advertiser says " that an- other splendid lot of nuggets has been found at Berlin. They weighed altogether 621b., and were obtained in a fortnight in and near Catto's paddock, Berlin, within a foot of the surface. ' The weights of the several nuggets wero as follow :-177oz., 161oz. lOdwt., 102oz. 7dwt. 12gr., 80oz., and 5oz. These were got by Lorimor and party within the paddock, and at a depth of Sin. A 40oz. piece was found by Griffith and party in the claim ad- joining Lorimer's, and 40oz. in a claim a short distance further on the run. M'Intosh and party, in their road claim outside tho paddock fence, got three pieces weighing 71oz., 70oz" and 36oz. 15dwt. ' The samo journal, in one of its latest issues, says that a rush has set in to another spot on Catto's ground, Berlin, opposite John's homestead. The prospect was a O.Joz. nugget off the bottom ; depth of sinking 12ft. or 14ft. In tho other districts of the colony mining is being carried on in a satisfactory manner, and fresh rushes aro reported from time to time. A new rush is thus reported by the At'Ivor Times:-"A miner named Wood bead has applied for and obtained the regis- tration of an alluvial piospecting claim on tho Campaspe, at Rocky Point, near Kim- bolton. The depth of Binking is 16ft., with from 4in. to 12in. of washdirt. A trial-wash- ing of two loads gave 14dwt. lOgr. In the prospecting claim tho run is over 20ft. wide. Several parties havo already taken up claims, and are sinking, and it is expected 'that the locality will furnish remunerative employ- ment for a considerable number of miners for some time to come." A discovery of tin ore has lately been made in the Ovens district. The Spectator says : 1 ' For some time post gold mining has been carried on quietly by a few men at Cudgewa Creek at a place about equidistant from Yackandandah and Wodonga, 60 miles to the east. Gold has boen found, and some little time back some samples of a dark look- ing heavy mineral mot with in great quantities at the spot, were forwarded to Mr. R. Brough Smyth, the secretary of the Mining depart- ment, for identification. At the request of Mr. Smyth, this minorai has lately been ana- lysed by Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery, and turns out to bo black sand, the analysis yielding C2.15 per cent, of puro tin. Some iron and a few specs of gold wore mechanically associated with the specimen sent. This is the first oc- casion on which tin in any quantity has been found in the neighbourhood mentioned, and it is understood that in future the miners in the locality will woik for it as well as for gold." A now rush has set in to Bet Bot Gully, leading from near the Bet Bet Company's crushing machine to tho creok. The sinking is about 40 feet deep, and the prospect ob- tained was half au ounce of gold out of about half a load of dirt. Tho run is supposed to bo a tributary of tho main lead, which is believed to traverse the valley of the Bet Bet. MEAT-PRESERVING. Tho news of the month so far as this sub- ject is concerned is of tho most meagre de- scription, and there is littlo to mention bo yond a recapitulation of what has been re- peatedly expressed in former summaries. The intelligence brought by the mail of tho out- break of war between France and Prussia has bad up to tho present time rathor a boneficial effect than otherwiso so far as the operations of tho meal-preserving companies aro con. cerned ; while the fact that the Admiralty authorities have at length recognised tho admirable qualities of our preserved moats, by giving so largo an order to the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company, has stimulated tho various companies engaged in the trade to oven greater oxertions than wero previously made, in the hope of being speedily allowed a share of the golden harvest likely to bo reaped by tho fortunato roceivors of such orders, The Melbourne Company havo beon particularly busy ever since the receipt of the mail, and havo had all their resources severely taxed to supply the onormous orders they havo receivod not only from tho Admiralty but the Fronch Government also, amounting in the aggregate to upwards of 600,0001b. of meat. The stock markets con- tinue favourable for buyers, and aro likely to do BO, as immenso numbers of sheep aro re- ported to bo travelling towards these mar- kets. News has been received of no less than 300,000 advancing southwards for Victoria from Queensland, while the other sources of supply contribute almost as largely. In fact, it is anticipated that before long tho supply will execod the demand, and that recourso will again havo to bo had to tho boiling-down machines to rid us of our surplus sheep and cattle, notwithstanding the immense numbers weekly consumed by the numerous meat-pre- serving establishments throughout tho colony. The Victoria Meat-preserving Company have not yet commenced operations in their now premises, situated at the junction of Stony. Creek and tho Yarra, but expect to do so before many weeks aro over. The operations of tho old company, which was merged into this, havo been stopped for the lost few weeks, but tho company aro in a position to supply customers until they re- commence business from tho largo stocks they have still on band. A few days ago another public sale of preservod meats-prin- cipally the produce of tho Metropolitan Meat preserving works-was held by Messrs. R. Goldsbrough'and Co. The lots offered com- prised cases of seasoned mutton, boiled mut- ton, mutton hams, spiced beef, ox tongues and sheep tongues, in tins of 61b. each. Thoro was considerable competition for the mutton and beef, of which about 300 cases were dis- posed of. Tins of the various products wore opened, and tho contents appeared to bo in very nico condition, tho boiled and roast meat being firm, and not over-cooked, aud the jelly ot a clear and boautif ul colour. They wero all tasted by those present, and pro- nounced to bo of excellent quality, aud un TOPasfcel by anything of the kind as yet ox Minted in Melbourne. The prices realised w^T?01 »easonud mutton, 5d. per lb. ; boüettdo., 4d. j mutton hams, Cd, ; und spiced J beef, Gd. Tho Metropolitan is a co-operative company, all the members being working butchers, and the works are situated at Foot- scray, on the Saltwater River. A consignment of meat preserved at the Admiralty meat-pre- serving establishment at Deptford has arrived in Melbourne. Meat preserved at this esta- blishment has been declared to be slightly superior to the best yet produced here, but already doubts have been cast upon the in- tegrity of that decision, and no doubt tho Victorian companies will gladly enter the field provided competent judges aro appointed to test the relative merits of the productions. The only other item of news in connexion with this subject is the fact that Professor Gamgee's meat-preserving process is also to bo protected by patent out hero. Several of the meat-preserving companies have been exhibitors at the Intercolonial Ex- hibition now being held in Sydney, and have been extremely successful as prize-takers. 'J he Echuca Company's beef and prize mutton are pronounced to be good: the Warrnambool Company's beef is also hitthly commended ; and Perry's meat was considered superior to any other exhibited, and recommended for special notice, but was in too small a quantity for a prize. THE LABOUR MARKET. The depression still continues in many trades, and a large number of workmen are nt present out of employment, or obliged to work short time. The demand for domestic servants is still active, and the quoted rates aro fully maintained. On the 29th August 427 Government and warrant passengers arrived by tho ship Western Empire, but of this number only 40 single women were for engagement at the Immigration Depot, the remainder having gone to their friends. Fully 200 persons re- quiring servants attended at the depot, and the women -were all hired in a few minutes at the following rates:-NursegiiIs, £18 per annum ; housemaids, £20 to £25 per annum ; general servants and cooks, £2o to £30, and a few £35 per annum. Tho demand for do- mestic servants for stations has almost en- tirely ceased, and very little will be done until the shearing is over. Shearing opera- tions have been very much retarded by the wet weather ; they have not yet commonced in Victoria, and very little has been dono as yot in Riverina, and where a commencement has been made the shearers have struck for £lper 100\. Men aro reported scarce. The following are the average rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; malo do., 20s. to 40s. per week; nursomaids, £20 to £30 por an- num ; laundresses. £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels - Cooks, malo and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, los. to 20s. per week. For Stations - First-class married couples for homo stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., £50 to £00 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; nursemaids, £25 to £30 per do. ; grooms, £40 to £55 per do. For Farms-Cooks, £30 to £40 per annum ; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; general female servants, £30 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £50 per annum ; shepherds, first class, £35 to £45 do. ; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; general station hands, los. per week ; lads, 10s. per week. Farm Servants.-Ploughmen, 15s. to 20s. per week ; horse-drivers, 16s. to 20s. do. ; ordinary farm labourers, 12s. to 14s. All the above servants are fed and lodged by their employers. Whore rations are givon, the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, and Jib. tea. Dock labourers< receive from 6s. to 7s., according to ability ; quarry men earn from 8s. to 9s. per day, without rations. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Among stonemasons, brick- layers, plasterers, and carpenters, an arrange- ment has been made with the employers that the rate of wages shall be 10s. per day ; builders' labourers (hodmen), 7s. per day ; pick-and-shovel men, 6s. per day of eight hours. Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops the average earnings for good tradesmen aro 9s, per day ; first-cluss hands in upholsterers' earn from £3 to £4 per week. In second-class establishments and factories tho best hands earn about 9s. per day ; upholsterers, 9s. ; polishers, 8s. per day of eight hours. There is a largo number of men in this trade out of employment. Stevedores' Men, &c-Lumpers; and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey-engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £16 per month. Painteis.-Ordinary workmen get about 8s. per day, Watch Jobbers and Jewellers.-Good work- men get £-1 in the first-class shops. Manu- facturing jewellers recoivo from £2 15s, to £3 15s. per week. A few of the better workmen receive as high as £5 and £6 per week. There arc a good many mon out of employ in this trade. Coopers.-Most of tho work in this trade is done by the piece ; tho wages fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Carriage Builders.-Good workmen are scarce in all branches of this trado, and can get constant employment at from £3 to £4 per week. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is at Is. por hour. In second-class shops tho earnings are from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In factories, the rates vary, tho men being often paid by_ the piece. Where wages are paid, the rato is 40s. per week in factory hours. Saddlers.-This trade is in a very depressed stato, and there aro large numbers of men outof employment. Inbestshopsthomenoarn£210s. per week, while fair workmen aTO often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough common work tho rate is from 25s. to 30s. per week -time, 10 hours per day. Bakers.-First-class workmon (Foremon) averago £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 6s. The work in this trade is 10 hours por ardencrs.-First-class men-without ra- tions-for situations near town, get 50s. to 60s. per week, but tho demand for best hands is very limited ; do., for country, 50s.; second class do., near town, 30s. to 42s. per week ; third- class for country (with rations), 15s. to 20s. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per do. ; each with board and lodging. Tho hours in this trade are long. Plumbers and Gasflttors.-Good tradosmon find ready employment in this trade, and earn £3 por week of eight hours per day. Clothing Factories.-The rates obtained in tho factories vary very much, as most of thom allow work to bo taken homo, andit is thus im Eossible to tell how long the hands work, or ow many nssist. Whero tho work is not taken home, tailoresses earn from £1 to £1 15s. per week, prossers £2. In shirt-making, most of tho work is takon homo. Machinists can earn 12s. por week in factory hours, from 9 till 6. This is the dull timo in tho factories, tho goods for summer not being yet com- menced, and consequently a good many hands aro out of work. Farriers.-First-class foremon get about £3 per week ; door-men, from £2 to £2 10s. ; timo 10 hours per day. Farriers for the country get from 20s. to 30s, per week, and their board and lodging. Miners.-The averago rate for minors in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. por week, eight hours' shift ; breaksmon get a slightly higher rato of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz minors in deep sinking, for pit-work, gut £2 10s. ;. ordinary quartz-miners, £2 5s. and £2, according to tho character of the work ; engi- neers get from £3 10s. to £3: ordinary labourers, 6s. to 6s. Gd. per day. In Bondigo 'a great deal of tho mining is done on tributo. At tho Alexandra diggings the minors get 8s. 4d. per day. Bootmakers.-In n few of tho best shops the rates paid are-Wellingtons, 14s. ; elastics, 12s. ; closing, 8s. In tho majority of tho shops tho Tates paid aro- Elastic-sides, 6s. to 7s. 6d. ; women's do., 5s. ; bluchers, 3s. to 4s, Gd. The trado is at present in a very depressed stato. In factories the work is paid as follows :-Rivetted work women's light make, per pair, 2s. 6d.; do. strong make, 2s. 3d.; maids', Is. 9d. to 2s.; men'sstrong rivetted, 2s. 2d. to 4s. Gd. per pair. Good clickers earn from 45s. to 55s. per week ; peg-work, from 40s. to 60s. per do.; finishers, from 40s. to 60s. per do.; boys, from 10s. to 20s. per do.; women machinists, from lös. to 35s. per do. First-class rivotters are scarce, but general-work men are plentiful. Shoeing-smitbs can earn on an averago £2 10s. por week of 10 hours per day. RAILWAY RETURNS, With the exception of a small increase in the returns derived from tho carriage of par- cels and cattle, tho revenue dorived from the % Victorian Railways shows a gradually increas- ing falling-off when compared with tho re- turns for tho corresponding period of last year. Tho tables of fares and freights have been revised, and tho new tariff will como into operation on the 20th of the present month. By this arrangement the third- class carriages are entirely dono away with, the first and second class fares aro brought down to 3d. and 2d. per mile respectively, the previous chargo being 3Jd. and 2¿d. The returns for tho week ending Soptembor 1 for the carriage of passengers amount to £2,088 43.10d., as against £3,303 4s. lid. for the same period last year, showing a falling-off of £665 0s. id. on the week's receipts. Tho receipts for the carriogo of parcels amount to £248 8s., as against £226 Is. 5d. last yenr, showing an increase of £22 0s. 7d. Tho amount re- ceived for tho carriage of goods and minerals is £5,424 8s. 3d., as against £6,075 3a. Id. last year, showing a falling-off in this branch of traffic of £650 15s. lOd. The receipts for the carriage of cattle amount to £956 10s. 10d., as against £907 5s. 9d., showing an increase in this branch of traffic of £49 5s. Id. over the receipts of last year. Tho total receipts for the week amount to £9,949 2s. 10d., as against £11,321 4s. lOd. for the corresponding period last year, showing a falling-off of £1,372 2s. Tho aggregate receipts to date amount to £358,00113s., as against £383,790 9s. 9d. last year, Bhowing a falling-off on the roceipts to date amounting to £25,788 16s. 9d. TJio weekly average for 25 weeks is £10,22812s. 4d., as against £10,965 8s. lOd, last year, showing a weekly falling-off as compared with last year of £630 16s. 6d. Tho following are the gross îeceipts of the Victorian Railways from thelst January in the following years :--Traffic to 31st August, 1866, £366,546 11s.; to 31st August, 1867, £344,250 los. 9d. ; to 31st August, 1808, £360,358 10s. 6d.; to 2nd September, 1869, £383,790 9s. 9d.; to 1st September, 1870, £358,00113s. The returns of the traffic on tho Melbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company also show a loss on the month's business done as compared with the corresponding period of last year. ,The amount received for the carriage of passengers for the month ending September 1, is £6,241 0s. 7d" as agaiust £6,272 17s. 2d. for the same period of last year, showing a reduction in this branch of traffic of £3116s. 7d. In the returns for the carriago of merchandise, the falling-off is more serious, the returns for the month being £2,292 10s. öd., as against £3,114 6s. 3d. last year, show- ing a falling-off of £821 los. lOd. The total receipts for tho week amount to£8,53311s., as against £9,387 3s. Cd., showing a reduction on the month's business amounting to £853 12s. 5d. as compared with last year. The aggregate receipts from 1st July to 1st Septomber, in- clusive, amount to £21,32015s. 3d., as against £23,355 6s. 3d., tho receipts to the 2nd Sep- tember lost year, showing a reduction of £2,03411s., as compared with tho correspond- ing period of last year, with one day's receipts less. The weekly average is £2,368 19s. 5d., as against £2,554 9s, 7d., showing a weekly falling-off of £18510s. 2d. as compared with last year. THE OPERA. During the last month the attendance at the opera has not been of a very encouraging kind, many causes having combined to place this kind of entertainment in a position of secondary interest. The depression, however, can only be looked upon as temporary, as the opera company on its own merits is a good one, and needs but slight addition to make it really strong. Three operas have been produced during the month which have not been given previously in Melbourne by this company, viz., " The Hueuonots" and "L'Africaine," in Italian, and "Masaniello," in English. In "L'Afri- caine," Signor Dondi mado a very favourable impression by a spirited rendering of the part of Nelusko, the music of which seems spe- cially adapted to the quality of his voice. Moderate success has attended these revivals of Meyerbeer's works, which are always a severe strain upon the resources of the largest establishments when conscientiously porformed. Many crudities wero noticed on their first production which might have been avoided by longer rehearsal than they appear to havo had. ' ' Masaniello" met with tolerable support, and Mr. Farley, a young singer with a fair voice but without culture, made a hit in the patt of Pietro. The other works produced during the time are "Martha," "Norma," "I Vespri Siciliani," "lone," "Trovatore," "La Sonnatnbula," "Faust," and "Lucrezia Borgia," in connexion with which each repetition has been marked by greater smoothness of performance. The Norma of Signora Baratti still stands out as the finest individual effort of any member of the company. The subscription season has closed, and tho last week has boen filled up with benefit nights. That for Madame Simonscn has been tbo most successful hitherto. Baratti's has yet to, como. Next week the company go to Ballarat, and after- wards to Sandhurst. In both these places subsciihers for the short season havo beon numerous. 1 he weakest point in the com- pany is tho want of a basso profundo. THE THEATRES, &c.; Very good business has been done at the Princess's Theatre during the month just past, the reigning star being Mrs. Gladstane, the American actress, who has beon well sup- ported by the ordinary company of tho Theatre Royal, which latter building is still occupied by tho Lyster-Sraith opera company. The playof "Frou-Frou," with Mrs, Gladstane as Gilberto, that was being performed when the last mail left, had a run of three weeks, which is considered good in this colony. Mrs. Glad- stane gave great satisfaction to tho fre- quenters of the theatre by her impersonation of the heroine, nnd she has since " Frou Frou" was withdrawnappeared in several other characters, amongstwhichare Lucretia Borgia, in tho tragedy of that name, Peg Woffington in "Masks and Faces," Leah the Forsaken, and Lady Teazle in " The School for Scandal." Her acting in these parts is very favourablyspoken of by tho critics, whilo of her success with the playgomg public thero can be no doubt, judging from the invariable ap- plause with which they greet her efforts. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mathews returned to Melbourne last week from Sydney, where thoy had fulfilled a successful engagement. After a rest of about a woek they again loft Mel- bourno for Adelaide, where on Monday next Mr. Mathews is to commenco a season, as an- nounced at present, of four weeks' dura- tion, i ? The Tom Thumb troupo havo beon giving successful performances during the last month in various parts of tho colony, tho latter por- tion of tho time being occupied with enter- tainments at the differont largo suburbs around Melbourne. Thoy have now gone overland to Sydney, their intention being to give performances on the road at the various towns through which they pass. Prior to leaving Melbourno they gave a morning and nu evening entertainment in the now town hall of Melbourne, tho total proceeds of which, about £130, wero given to our local chaiities. Tho troupo have done very well in this colony. The latest addition to Melbourno entertain- ments is Thiodon's Exhibition of Art and Wonders, which has beon brought to the colony by Mr. George Coppin, and was opened at Weston's Opera-house about a fortnight ago. Tho exhibition is a mechanical theatre, tho scenes representing certain well-known views, in which moving figures aro intro- duced, giving life to the aspect, and illus- trating as it were the minor wonders of mechanism. Among the scenes depicted are Gibraltar. Washington and his generals at Valley Forge, tho Falls of Niagara, the Palaco of Versailles, and a storm at sea, the whole beinç cleverly illustrated by the moving figures, which perform a variety of amusing tricks by the aid of machinory. The exhibition, which is varied by vocal and musical accompaniments by artistes of ac- knowledged merit, and also by other modes of entertainment, has been moderately well attended. The opera season at the Theatro Royal will be brought to a close to-night, and on Mon- day the houso will bo opened for dramatic performances. SPORTING. Tho only event in the racing world for the month has been tho Randwick Spring'Meot. ing, the first day being on tho 8th September. The Trial Stakes was won by Mr. Town's Amethyst, by New Warrior, beating soven others. The President's Handicap was won by Croydon, four years old, by Lord of the Hills. The Australian Dorby Stakes was won by Mr. Tait's Florence, by Boiardo, in 2m. 51s. Illumination won the Spring Stakes, and Deceptive tho Epsom Handicap. In the second day's racing Deceptive won the Shorts Handi- cap and Illumination tho Ladies' Cup. The Spring Metropolitan Maiden Plato, one milo and a half, of 200 sovs., was won by Lady Clifden by Yelverton, after a hard struggle with Florence. The race was run in ono second more than tho Derby Stakes, and in the latter race Lady Clifden was never able to reach Florence. Tho Great Metropolitan Stakes was won by Croydon, four years old, by Lord of tho Hills, after a desperate struggle with Tim Whifiler, the two-mile journey being done in 3m. 43Js. The course was heavy from the rain which fell during the morning. The winner was at 3 to 1 before starting. Seventeen horses started. Croydon was backed for a con- siderable amount of money; but Tim Whiiller was very hoavily backed, both in double and treble events as well as on the race. His backers believe that had tho wea- ther continued fino he would havo been the victor. Tho day's racing finished with tho Squatters' Stakes, won by Endeavour. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following is the list of the deaths that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Ambrose, Isaac, gardener, aged 45, native of Middlesex ; arrived in 1854 by the Stebon- heath ; died August 23, of phthisis. Baker, James, blacksmith, aged 43, native of Kent ; arrived in 1818 by tho Maitland ; died August 3, of phthisis. Brown, Fanny, alias Lumsden, aged 19, nativo of Lon- don ; arrived in 1870 by the Swiftsuro ; died August 4, of phthisis. Blessing, Fanny, aged 23, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1818, ship unknown ; died August 7, of phthisis. Brennan, Thomas, plasterer, aged 41, native of London ; arrived in 1857 by tho Constitu- tion ; died August 14, of injury to tho spine. Cotton, Thomas Potter, aged 57, native of Staffordshire ; arrived in 1856 by tho J. Ren wick ; died August 12, of bronchitis. Devon- port, Wm., fireman, aged 45, nativo of Edin- burgh : arrived in 1S64 by the Claude Hamil- ton ; aicd August 16, of strungulated hernia. Doyle, Thomas E., clork, asea 48, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1858 by the Dragoon ; diod August 28, of aneurism of the aorta. Echert, Joseph, tailor, aged 26, native of Pennsyl- vania ; arrived in 1869 by tho Trades ; died August 22, of dysentery. Flynn, John, tailor, aged 65, native of Stratford ; arrived inlS55by the Solant; died August l8, of suprarenal capsules. Howard, Kate, alias Kenny, cook, aged 28 ; arrived in 1861 by the Royal Standard ; died August 10, of phthisis. Hill, Patrick, labouror, aged 23, native of Irelaud ; arrived in 1851 by tho James T. Ford ; died August 11 of dysentery. Harvey, James, labourer, aged 45, nativo of Scotland ; arrived in 1852 by tho Wellington ; died August 13, of abscess in brain. Hughes, MaTy, aged 40, native of London ; arrived in 1855 by the Schomberg; died August 19, of cancer of inguinal glands. Hatton, James, sweep, aged 50, nativo of London ; arrived in 1853 by tho Norway ; died August 22, of pleuro-pneumonia. Harper, Henry, seaman, aged 40, nativo of Scotland ; arrived in 1869 by the Aldinga ; died August 28, of cardiac. Kcmsley, John, cook, aged 30, native of Kent ; arrived in 1866 by the Golden Sea ; died August 11, of phthisis. Lewis, Sarah, aged 33, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1858 by tho Constantino; died August 25, of delirium tremens. Megson, Joseph, professor of music, aged 47, native of Yorkshire; arrived in 1831 by the Royal Saxon; died August 15, of hepatic. Moodie, James, shopherd, aged 57, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1853 by tho Australia ; died August 27, of cardiac. Munns, Henry, (shepherd, aged 61, nativo of Hertfordshire ; arrived in 1S37 by, the Royal Sovereign ; died August 31, of carci- noma of stomach. May, John, clerk, aged 3S, nativo of Ire- land ; arrived in 1854, ship unknown ; died September 2, of aneurism of the aorta Naylor, John, labourer, aged 21, native of Ireland ; arrived in 18G9 by tho Corona ; died August 25, of pleurisy. Ordish, Wm., labourer, aged 48, native of Derbyshire ; arrived in 1853 by the Ballanger ; died August 17, of ducocythemia. Sommer, Elizabeth, aged 56, nativo of Prussia ; arrived in 1854 by tho Oscar Vogar ; died August 12, of paroplegia. Starkes, John, acod 14, native of Somersetshire : arrived in 1869 by tho Commodore Perry ; died August 15, of typhoid fever. Sunday, Ann, aged 27, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1868 by the Peerless ; died August 19, of phthisis. Toy Sam, gardener, aged 38, nativo of Can- ton ; arrived in 1870, ship unknown ; died August l8, of opium poisoning. Towno, Wm. Thomas, compositor, aged 41, native of Leicestershire ; arrived in 1851 by the Eliza ; died August 30, of phthisis. NEW ZEALAND NOTES. Now that the native rebellion has been vir- tually extinguished, the colonists are able to turn their attention to the better regulation of their internal affairs, and the spirit and enterprise which they aro exhibiting aro already observable in tho legislation effected during the present session of Parliament. The Government havo experienced but little opposition to their measures, the party which they dispossessed of power being virtually breiten up, and its leader (Mr. Stafford, the ex-Premier) being himself one of the sup- porters of the Ministerial schomes of immi- gration and public works. Tho business of the session is being rapidly brought to a close, but it has been more fruitful of good measures than usual, for in addition to the budget, which in the main hasreceived the sanction of the re- presentatives of the people, and which was described lost month, several acts of a prac- tical and beneficial character havo boon passed. Prominont amongst these may bo mentioned tho carrying of a new Land Transfer Bill, based on Mr. Torrens's system, its object being to choapen and simplify the transfer of land. _ A scheme for the construc- tion of a submarine telegraph botweon Now Zealand and Australia has boen brought for- ward, and a bill sanctioning the expenditure of £350,000 on such a work, and proposing to grant a monopoly for a certain number of years to any company prepared to undertake the construction of tho line, or to borrow money in Great Britain for tho pur- chase of the cable, has received tho favourablo consideration of Parliament. It has already been mentioned that the expen- diture of £100,000 a-year for 10 year3 on im- migration has been sanctioned by Parliament, ana that it is proposed to constitute a central agency in Great Britain, in lieu of separate provincial agencies. It is rumoured that Mr. Stafford is not unlikely to bo offered the ap- pointment of immigration agent, and, should he accept it, tho probabilities aro that the Fox Ministry will havo a long tenure of power, for by getting rid of Mr. Stafford they freo them- selves of their principal and most dangerous political opponent. Tho proposal of the Go- vernment to initiate a system of immi- gration has not givon unmixed satisfac- tion amongst all classes of tho community. Agitations havo takon placo in somo of the towns owing to the number of unemployed. At a meeting recently held at Christchurch, it was resolved to urge upon tho Goneral and Provincial Governments the absolute neces- sity of taking immediato steps to supply work at reasonable wages by public works or other- wise, previous to increasing tho existing dis- tress by further importations of labour. Thcro aro likely to bo some territorial changes before long. A portion of what is caliea the county of Westland, which includes the town of Groymouth and all the country as far south as tho Toremakau River, is to bo annexed to the province of Nelson. It is also probable that tho small province of Marl- borough will bo ultimately added to Nelson, from which it was dissevered some 12 years ago. Tho remainder of Westland county is likely to ho absorbed by Otago provinco, which will then have largo territories. . Tho New Zealand Government havo not been very successful in their efforts to induce the Australian Governments to assist in tho establishment of a San Francisco mail service, and the conscquenco is that they have Tesolved to initiate tholino single handed, and to keep all the benefits to tbemsolves. Victoria was asked to contribute a subsidy of £6,000 a year towards this route : but as the offer was not accepted, it is not likely that letters from this colony will bo allowed to proceed via San Francisco. Tho New Zealand Parliament havo resolved to grant a subsidy of £40,000 a yenr, inclusivo of tho present intercolonial subsidy of £7,000, and the ocean steamers are to call at Auckland, Wellington, Lyttelton, and Dunedin, New Zealand being tbo ter- minus. The prospects of a direct and largely increased trado with America, from the im- petus givon by tho now mail route, aro favour- ably regarded in mercantile circles. What has been hitherto termed the " war" news is very meagre this month. Te Kooti is still at large, but his whereabouts is unknown, and his enemy, Ropata, has started in search of him with some of his natives, having taken an oath never to return until he has either captured or otherwise rid the colony of tho arch-rebel. The submission of some of tho rebels, and tho assistance subsequently ion dercd by them in attacking To Kooli, has placed the Government in a very diffi- cult position with regurd to former offenders. For instance, Kepa, a Hau-hau, who carried Captain Lloyd's head about the country, and Kereopa, who assisted to murder and mutilate Sergeant Menzies, havo sinco fought on tho Government sido as part of the Taupo ex- pedition, and are now living quietly at Wangaehu, near Wauganui, and will pro- bably escape all punishment for their mis- deeds. Tho Maori king has rccontly invited all loyal natives to meet him with their arras. The reason is supposed to be the approach of the Arawa friendlies, between whom and the Waikaitos there exists an old feud. Tho movement is not regarded with suspicion by the whites. A mobt melancholy accident, resulting in the loss of many valuable lives, occurred early in the month off the coast. Tho steamer Tauranga came in collision with a coal ketch named the Enterprise-principally through the négligence of the master of tho latter in not carrying propor lights, and foundered with all her passengers ana crew on board, in all 17 souls. The master of tho ketch is to be prosecuted. There is little to report from the gold-fields beyond tho fact that the yield in July from the Auckland diggings was 12,000oz. A largo deposit of coal has been recently discovered near Hokitika, proving that an immense aroa of coal country exists on tho west coast of this island. The perpetrators of the extraordinary rob- bery mentioned last month havo been ar- rested, and the greater part of the property recovered. It will bo remombered that the gaol at Clyde was broken into, and the whole of the gold and treasure collected in the Dunstan district for tho monthly escort, amounting in gold and notes to £13,000, was carried off. Fortunately, with tho oxception of two bundles of notes, amounting to about £560, and a parcel of 30oz. of inferior gold, the whole of tho treasure has been re- covered. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WRECK OF THE BRIO YARROW.-The brig Yarrow, Captain Bartlett, from Newcastle, N.S.W., to Melbourne, with a cargo of coals, went ashore at Port Phillip Heads on the night of 23rd August. The master of the brig was awakened during the night by tho vessel striking heavily on the Lons, dale Reef. He at once rushed on deck, and found the sea making a clean breach over her. The crow wero for launching the boats at once, but Captain Bartlett advised them to take to tho rigging, as there was very small probability of their getting the boats out ; and it was quite as well that his suggestion was followed. Some of the crew took to the main rigging, but afterwards got into the foro rigging, a3 offering a securer refuge. As the tide flowed the sea got worse, and the mon had to got into the topsail yard. Tho brig filled with water in 10 minutes after striking, and pieces of her bottom commenced to float away, as well as the wreck of the boats and her deck- house. Flash lights were burned to draw attention on shore, but it was not until day- light that the crow entertained any hopes of being saved. At daybreak they were rescued by the steamer Mystery. The Navi- gation Board held an inquiry into the matter, and found that the brig had been lost through the negligence of Captain Bartlett, inasmuch as he had kept his vessel too close in-shore, and had not got the lights on the proper bear- ing before attempting to enter the Heads. They suspended his certificate for six months. WRECK OP THE BRIG SUSSEX.-Three days after the wreck of the Yarrow, the barque Sussex, 300 tons, met with the same fate in entering Port Phillip Heads. The Sussex was also from Newcastle, with a cargo of coals for Geelong. She reached Port Phillip Heads on the morning of the 26th August, tho weather at the time being hazy. The sccond'mate was in charge of the ship, tho master being below. Tho vessel drifted on to Point Nepean about 5 o'clock in the morning, and became a total wreck, the crow being saved in the barque's boats. Before the vessel struck, the second mata thought the ship was not so near the Heads as she proved to bo. Tho Navigation Board, after an in- quiry, decideel that the casualty resulted from the default of the master, William Gregory, in not being on deck on the morning of the 26ch inst. attending to the navigation of his ship whilst in pilot waters off Port Phillip Heads, but as he did not possess a master's certificate, he could not be dealt with os a certificated master, otherwise his certificate would have been suspended for a given period. WRECK OP TUE CASSINA.-The barque Cassina, from Nowcastlo to Adelaide, with a cargo of coals, was lost at Flinders Island on Saturday, the 20th August. At half-past 12 a.m. on that day the barque was sailing under little canvas in a north-westerly direc- tion, when she suddenly struck on the Van- sittart Shoal, five miles from land. Tho crow lightoned her by throwing overboard a quantity of the coal, but notwithstanding the exertions put forth tho water continued to gain. The crew took a quantity of pro- visions, clothing, &c;, ashore in the boats on the Sunday afternoon, and returned to tho vessel, remaining till the following day, when they were compelled to abandon her, the water being two feet above the main deck at high tide. All the crew got ashore safely. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and O. Company's R.M.S.S. Malta arrived here on her outward voyage from Sydney on Saturday afternoon, the 13th ult., and after taking on board her mails, gold, specie, and embarking her passengers, she left Hobson's Bay again at 2 p.m. on the 14th. The long-delayed mail via San Francisco arrived at Sydney on the 25th ult. The de- tention to tho stcamor waa occasioned by an accident to her machinery, which necessi" tated her making a largo part of the voyage .with ono engine As the latest date >from London by that opportunity is only to July 9, while we had by the Suez route tele- graphic intelligence to July 14, tho news then brought possessed little interest. Notwithstanding the absenco of the usual post-office notification of the departure of tho Californian mails, the American firms, and all having correspondents in California and America, were cioaely engaged on tho 25th 1 with their correspondence For transmission by tbo City of Adelaide, which left this for Sydney on the 26th ult. The mail steamer City of Melbourno, however, requiring re- pairs to her machinery, her departure waa delayed until the morning of the 1st Sep- tember. TheR.M.S. Geolong, with the July mails, inward, passed through tho Heads at mid- night, and anchored in Hobson's Bay about half-post 3 o'clock on the morning of the 30th ult By the arrival of tho Claud Hamilton from New Zealand on tho 4 th inst. we learn that tho House of Assembly in committee agreed to Mr. Vogel's proposal to increase the voto for the mail service to San Francisco to £40,000, the steamers being ocean steamers, to call at Auckland, Wellington, Lyttelton, and Dunedin, and not proceeding to Aus- tralia. STATE OF TRADE. ' For at least a fortnight after the .last mail steamer left business 'continued to maintain the same want of animation and 'activity which it has fallen to our lot to report for months past ; indeed, it has been commonly remarked that during the period referred to the dulness experienced was moro intense than throughout any month since tho year commenced ; fortunately, howover, it was evident to all engaged in trade, by signs which could not be mistaken, that a chungo for the better was not far distant. The irre- gularity and spasmodic nature of the demand experienced betokened very much reduced stocks in the hands oE the country dealers, which necessitated replenishing despito tho heaviness of the roads and the difficul- ties of getting carriage, if at all, at anything like reasonable rates, and that it required only settled and genial.wea- ther to enable a reaction to set in which would moro than make up for the dulness then experienced ; but notwithstanding the drawback referred to, confidence has been well sustained, for though several failures to some extent have occurred, the effect pro- duced has not been sufficient to disturb the feeling of improvement which has been gra- dually growing np. It has, however, been reserved for a circumstance wholly unlooked for here to impart the desired impetus to tho markot, and sinco- the mail's arrival very considerable activity bas _ been main- tained, with moro or less vigour. Tho first effect of tho war nows in commercial circles generally was one of a paralysing na .turo, and operations were atn stondstill for a day or, two owing to the uncertainty which existed regarding tho probable effect of ad- vices. An increased inquiry for goods becamo apparent, but the actual business transacted -was of a very minor character, and might havo continued so had not tho necessity of action been aroused by the policy adopted by the banks in raising tho rato of oxchango to 2è per cent, premium ; and although for the first week at least attention was only directed to one or two specialties, which at onco ? jose into favour, yet from the amount of eagerness which was evinced by buyers, the -tone and aspect of tho market presented tho appearance of a return onco more to tho octitity of former times. < This improve- ment was not at first shared in by other articles than those referred to, but wo have observed that during the last few days atten- tion is being directed to almost every staple article of produce in turn. Our agricultural prospects have also assumed a moro cheerful and promising look, and the fears which, not without reason, were allowed to gain ground somo time ago, have, to a largo extent, been dissipated by the more seasonable weather -with which wo have been favoured of lato, as it is beginning tobo felt now that tho worst that can happen will not bo moro than a lato harvest, an impression which has already had an immediate effect on broadstuffs as well as on all grain. Since writing, however, rain has once more set in with such virulence as to revive all former apprehensions, and if it continues at tho samo rato as it has dono, it ïs impossible to say what amount of damage may yet be done. As stated above, transactions during the first two weeks of tho prosent month wore unimportant, but thepast fortnight has amply made up for any deficiency in that respect Operations in Dundee goods, though under- taken at a somewhat lato poriod, embrace îiearly 300 bales of cornsacks, and at least 150 bales of woolpacks have changed hands, The immediate attention of speculators was ton the mail's arrival turned in the direction of candles, and the month's sales aggregate fully 16,000 to 17,000 boxes. Breadstuff's and ieeding grains, tho only exceptions tothegone lal improvement, have been subjected to considerable depression of late, and values have declined. Blasting-powder has been fairly and legitimately affected by the war news. Sales have amounted to about 8,000 quarter-barrels, and an advance of 50 per cent, in value bos been established. The backwardness of the season and the excessive nature of tho stock on hand prevent malt from coming into notice ; sales to the extent of 15,000 bushels have, however, been made public. In oils, kerosene has been neglected : but castor having commanded the notice of speculators, some 4,000 cases, comprising all on the spot and to arrive, found their way into the banda of one firm, and the market has risen 25 per cent. About 1,000 cases have since been resold. Sugars havo rison in value ; but the difficulty of getting buyers to net freely under buch circumstances has acted as a check to somo degree upon business. The sales do not exceed 1G.800 bags, which is far below the average. Tho most prominent and sensational feature in the toa market was tho sudden and somewhat unexpected arrival of the steamer Cleator with the first cargo of new season's congous. This steamer lett Foo-chow on the 23rd of July, and having reached port on the 30th of August, the feat was successfully accomplished by the im fortcrs, Messrs. Lorimer, Marwood, and lorne, of placing the samples taken out of the cargo on arrival here in the brokers' rooms for salo 38 days aftor the shipment of the cargo at Foo-chow, a face which shows that tho spirit of enterprise in- herent in the British merchant is not al- lowed to slumber on this side of the world. A portion of the caigo was sold on the 2nd inst. Tho sales of timber comprise lumber, spruco deals, flooring, red deals, &c.; Transactions in brandies during the fortnight have ex- tended to over 1,600 to 1,700 quarter-caskd. We learn from Ballarat that Messrs. David Jones and Co., the well-known drapers there, a few days ago completed the sale of their ctock and business to their neighbours, Messrs. L. S. Christie and Co., on fair terms. The purchase-money, it is stated, amounts to £90,000. The month has not been free from tho usual number of small town and country in- solvencies, with liabilities ranging from £1,000 to £4,000, amongst which are numbered drapers, fancy goods dealers, storekeepers, and ono hotelkeeper in rather an ex- tensivo way, in addition to which wo havo also to report that a meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Lazarus Brothers, fancy goods warehousemen, was hold on tho 23rd ultimo. Tho statement of affairs showed the direct liabilities to amount to £19,943, of which £3,460 is owing to secured creditors. The contingent liabilities in the shape of bills under discount amount to £4,500. The assets, consisting of stock and book debts, aro esti- mated at £13,084, leaving a deficiency of £6,259. An offer of 7s. 6d. per pound, pay- able at three, six, and nine months, was mado by Mr. Lazarus, and, after some littlo dis- cussion, unanimously accepted, with tho pro- viso that the bills should be guaranteed. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. .Samuel House and Co., flour and corn dealers, was held on the 2nd instant. The statement ouljmUtod ohowotl liabilities) amounting tu £10,844, while the assets, consisting of stock and book debts, were estimated at £8,990, leaving a deficiency of £7,854. An offer of 10s. in the £ was submitted by Mr. House, payable 4s. at one mouth, and the balance by equal instalments at two, three, and four .months, which being favoutably entertained, it was agreed to assign the estate to Messrs. .Griffiths and Murray, with a view to the samo being carried out. A meeting in the estate of Messrs. W. Hey manson and Co., clothiers aud slop manufac- turers, was hold on the 5th inst. The stato imeiit exhibited showed liabilities amounting to £8,092, of which £3,026 will fall on foreign creditors, and the assets aro estimated at £9,561, thus showing a surplus of £869. It was agreed to assign the estate to Messrs. Lovo and Sherrard, two of the creditors, for the benefit of all concerned. EXCHANGE AND MONK!. An unusual course was pursued this month by the banks with regard to the exchange. Immediately on the arrival of the mail steamer conveying the war news, the resolu- tion was formed to raise the rates to 2h per cent, premium for 60 days' sight bills, bankers' drafts on London, 31 per cent, for 30 days' sight, and 4 per cent, on demand which have been maintained as the ruling ?quotations for the present mail. Tho opera- tions of remitters have in consequence been ?somewhat restricted. At the samo time, it was also intimated, bj; an advertisement in which all the banks joined, that the following maximum rates of interest were agreed to bo allowed on fixed deposits :-2 por cent, for one month, 4 per cent, for three months', and 5 per cent, for six months' deposits. Tho rates of discount have not been altered, 0 and 7 per cent, respectively being charged on bills having two and three months to run, and 8 ,per cent, for four months' paper. STOCK AND STATIONS, From tho Pastoral Times, Deniliquin, of tho 3rd September, we leam that shearing is ?now becoming genoral. Tho clip is heavy and stronç, combining in most instances ?fineness with strength and length of staple. This was shown to bo the case in the late pas- toral shows, where there wero exhibits from all patts of southern Riverina. They are cry- ing out in the north for fine weather for shear- ing purposes, but the weather thoro was un- settled when our ad vices left. As we expected, owing to tho increased favour in which sheep are held, there is a decrease in tho number of ?cattle in New South Wales-tho returns for 1805 being 1,924,119, and 1.761,411 in 1869-70. In Victoria, New South Wales, South Aus- tralia, and Queensland, the gross number of cattlo was in 1805 3,651,709, against 3,545,421 in 1869-70, leaving a decline of about 100,000. There has been a steudy increase in sheep in Kew South Wules from 18G5 to 18G9-tho number has nearly doubled. lu 1865 thero wero 8,271,520, while in 1809 thoro wero 15,080,625; with this year's increaso wo ex ? peet tho sheep in Now South Wales to amount to 20 millions. In consequence of this appa tent decrease in the number of cattle, thora 'isa very active demand forgood cattlo stations u stocked with cattle of oven moderato -quality. It may bo said of the herds in gene- ral that they are greatly improved. They have, as a rule, been weeded of much of the trash, the result of indiscriminate breeding, but they have not improved in anything like tue ratio of our sheep. BANKS AND PUBLIC COMPANIES. Commercial Bank of Australia.-An extra- ordinary meeting of tho shareholders was peld on tho 1st inst., Mr. L. J. Sherrard "J the chair, to confirm tho alteration made at the last half-yearly meeting in clause 76 oi tho articles of tho association, requiriug candidates for the directory, whether retiring airectors or not, to give nolico 14 days before i wceÜne for election of their intention to stand, abo alteration was confirmed without eiiscu8iion. National Life Association.-The third .half ÎÎ.X meetinB was held on tho 19 th August ; Tm i.jcní:í'raan in t,le chair' Tuo dircc'or3 reported that since business was commenced, ira August, 1869, about 10 months before the Close of the last half-year, 281 proposals for assurances bud.- been received, and 184, íf"ü"}Dg to £«0.000 on the lives of 186 persons, jua been completed. Only one death had occurred amoDg the members, involving a, loss of £500. The annual premium dorivablo from policies issued up to the 30th June was £2,783 7s. lOd. The premiums received during the half-year amounted to 1,027 19s. 3d., which, with £1,011 6s. lOd. brought forward from ¿he previous half-year, left a surplus of £940 ls.ld. The report and balance-sheot wero adopted. Victorian Coal Company.-A «moral moot- ing of tho shareholders (who had not met since tho 13th July, 1860) was hold on tho 23rd August, Mr. N. Levi in the chair. Tun shareholders wero present. A report was read by the chairman which stated that since the shareholders had mot last the com- pany had done nothing, their operations having been stopped by the difficulty of transit, so that 1,000 tons of coal had been left at the pit's mouth, without the moans of carrying them to Melbourne on profitable terms. The company's lease had been declared void, but tho directors had appliod for a fresh lease ata rent of 3d. instead of 2s. per aero par annum, and were in full hopes of getting it. A call of Is. per share had beon made to pay off liabilities. The chairman said it was tho intention of the directors to await tho result of some shipments of coal from sections adjoining the company's ground, and if these should prove favourable to fill up tho vacant directorships, call a general meoting, and make on effort to resume operations. Somo discussion took place, but tho general feoling of the meeting was in favour of adopting tho directors' report, nnd the programme an- nounced by the chairman, and a motion to that effect was carried. Agricultural Distillery and Beet-root Sugar Company.-Tho half-yearly meeting was hold, on the 22nd August, Mr. R. Murray Smith in the chair. It was intimated by the directors that they had at length succeeded in obtain- ing from the beet-root a pure spirit, which they believed would meet with a ready sale. After the works had been fairly started, and a quantity of roots converted into spirit, ope- rations were stopped for the erection of addi- tional plant, now completed. A profitable result was expected from the balance of the crop on the company's leased land this sea- son. Letters-patent for the manufacture of sugar from the beet for 14 years had been secured. The directors recommended tho shareholders to reconstruct the company, by limiting the liability of the shareholders to £2 10s, and increasing the capital to £50,000, in order that they might proceed to manufac- ture beet-root sugar. In answer to a question, it was stated that £2 had been paid up on tho present shares, so that those now holding bhares would only have to pay 10s. more. The directors' report was adopted. Poljnesia Company.-An extraordinary meeting of shareholders was held on August 16\. Mr. Thomas Reed in the chair. It had been called by requisition for the purpose of considering a series of resolutions referring to the management of affairs at Fiji. The share- holders wero informed of tho step by which Mr. Butters had been appointed special com- missioner, nnd despatched to Fiji to take possession of the company's property, to in- quire into the state of the accounts, to relieve the manager (Mr. Glenny) of his duties, to make arrangements for tho delivery of the balance of the 200,000 acres remaining to bo handed over by King Thakombau, namely, about 70,000 acres ; and to get tho laud which had been already received surveyed. Messrs. J. C. Smith and T. H. Bardwell had beon ap- pointed a consulting committee to act with Mr. Butters. Resolutions were then passed requesting tho directors to appoint a com- mittee, selected from shareholders at Fiji, to take the management of local affairs ; and the following, in addition to tho two already named, were suggested for appointment : Mebsrs. W. O'H. Brewer, P. J. Williams, and Dr. Macartney. Melbourne Exchange Company.-A divi- dend of £1 10s. per share for the half- year ending the 30th June was declared at a gene- ral meeting hold on the 17th August, payable out of £401 11s. 2d., the availablo balance after providing for unpaid aud unclaimed dividends. It was resolved that £100, the amount of unclaimed dividends, should bo deposited with the Bank of Victoria at in- terest. Bendigo Gas Company.-A profit of £1,141 16s. 7d. for the last half-year was shown by tho report presented to the shareholders on the 17th August. A dividend at the rate of 0 per cont. por annum was declared. Hobson's Bay Soa-bathing Company.-A dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum was declared on account of the half-year end- ing 30th Juno, at the general meeting held on the 30th August. Last season being some- what unfavourable to sen-bathing had caused the lessee to bo behind with his rent, but it was decided that time should he allowed to him. Improvements were to bo effected in the baths beforo the beginning of tho ensuing season. Studley Park Bridge Company.-The di- rectors, in their report for the half- year end- ing June 30, declared a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum. As usual, the half yearly meeting lapsed from the waut of a quoi um. Geelong Gas Company.-Messrs. Andrews, Dawson, and Anderson having resigned their seats at the board of directors because the shareholders declared a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, when the directors recom- mended only 8 per cent., three new directors -Messrs. Ibbotson, Keeley, and Huddart were elected in their room on the 2nd of Sep- tember. Mudgee Diamond-mining Company.-A general meeting of shareholders was held on August 25, Mr, W. Plummer, M.L.A., in the chair. It was shown by the directors' roport that the company had commenced work on the Cudgegong River with very favourable prospects, when serious floods put a complete stop to their operations, and lad to consider- able loss. There only remained 6d. per share to be called up, sufficient to cover existing liabilities ; so the shareholders wera recom- mended to form a now company. Accord- ingly, the report having been adopted, a re solution was posEed for the formation of the Mudgee Mining Company, with 40,000 shares of £1 5s. each, 20s. paid up. The directors wero authorised to sell the plant to the now company, and to act as directors in that com- pany until a general meeting should bo held. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tin Argua Ofllco, Friday Evening. During the first portion of the month business was dull and uninteresting, and it was not until tho July mail arrived from England, and tint <ve wore placed In possession of too war nows, that any movemont tending towardB an Improvement wai lultiatod, BIIICO which considerable activity has been maintained, and though attention was for some tims only directed to two or thrco specialties, which rapidly ruso lato favour, otbor Items havo BIDCO gradually risen like- wise Into notlco. In bulk and bottlod boors only a vory moderate business has boon done. Dundoo goods, both cornsacks aud woolpacks, have boon more looked altor, Candios huve been largely dealt in. Cements, chemicals, chicory, coffee, confectionary, and cordage have, on tho othor hand, not boen much touched. In flt,H as woll as fruits thoro has been moro business doing. In breadstuff and all feeding grains a backward movement hu sot In, aud prices aro lower. Blasting powdor has advancod in value CO per cent, at least. Hops aro qulot, and malt 1B still comparatively noglected. lu oils, kerosono Is Bgaln lower, but castor oil has risen li. to is. 3d. per Kallon. Oilmen's stores aro moved off very steadily. Provisions ara not activo. QulokslWor Is vory firm Elco docs notmove. Salt Is very heavy. Sugars havo riten in value, but transactions havo not beon oxton nive. In tea, the sudden arrival of tho first cargo of tho new season's, per steamer Olea.or, was tho ovunt of tho month, and created somo sensation In the rmikct. Tobaccocs havo beon moderately active. A moderato trade han been dono in timber. lu spirits, ive note an oxtenBivo bUBlncBs In biandlca aftor ino mail's arrival, turn has HkowlBO boon a good deal run altor. Ale and Stout,-Sinco our last report tlio market has been exceedingly qulot, and notning of a special character havlnir transpired during tho numil, wo cannot in our remarks go beyond au or- dinary general report, busiuoss having boon re- stricted to tho BUpply of moro trade requirements. Bass's bulk ale la quoted at £8 Es. Sales of Joule's have been made nt £8 to £8 fis. Marrian's his boen quoted at £8 tis-, but we havo heard of vory few sales Indeed of this brand. Tho Carlisle Company's lins stood at £7 15s. to £8. For Allsopp'« nu quoto £716s. Stocks aro not large, and, notwithstanding tho light demand experienced, look es If thoy will barely l«st tho season out In bulk stout, trade has boen limited to an occasional and unimportant salo of Whit- bread'« at £612s. Od. Notwithstanding that bottled boera have of lato chown more animation, we cannot yet report sales beyond a very moderato extent, and chiefly for tho BUpply of immediate wants. A very fair inquiry for Tennant's bottled ale has boon ex- perienced at 0*. Od. Dovonlsli'o has beon quittod at DJ. Gd. to Oi. Od. Blood's has maintained a steady quotation of Oi. Oil. Friend's is valued at 8i. GJ. to 8ü. Od. Arroll's bring» 8«. 7Jd. Sales of Altkon'a aro roportod at 8s. Gd. Jeffrey's has not been offering so freely ; wo quoto 8i. Bottled stouts, lil anticipation of a rite, havo met with moro Inquiry. Kdmond's pig brand has stood lit OJ. 3d. Bourke'« has boen dis- posed of very freely In parcels at OJ. Blood's has boen quitted at 0J. 3d. in small lots, whllo 0J. has boon Bcceptcd for parcels. Oonslderablo transactions havo been reported In the Dagger brand, closo on 2,500 casos having changed hands in parcela at 8J. G1. Beni; Is quoted at 8s., but holders would not stand In tho way of a sale at less money by ref u-ing a ooncottlon on tho rato named. Borthwick'» has boen quitted at 7s. 8(1, to 7F. Gd., and rilera to purchase largely at a ehado lower havo boen rcjectod. Bagging.-The courso of tbo markot for cornsacks has been downward for the greater put of tho month. On tho arrival of the mill steamer, and subsequent to the advance on tbo oxchange, seme attention having been directed to thom, the market began to pick up again, and after touching 12s. a reaction sec iu, which had tbo effect In tho coureo of the p.oaont week of sending prlcos once moro up to 12s Gd Tho rlae howover, IB purely a brokora' one, and occurring, as formotly, BO far beforo tho consumers domand com monees, cannot bo depondod on Woolpacks havo during tho lost fortnight mot with a moro genuine doniand than wo havo had it In our powor to record for some timo, holders havo responded readily, and sold freely at 89 7d Numerous attempts to força a higher prlco have also been mado but without surcóos as yot lhero is nothing doing in gunnies, wo quota 7s Oil to 7s Od Boots and Shoes-In tho beginning of tho mill month conaldorablo parcels of those goods wore dis posed ol through the auction rooms, towa ds the cloao of tho month honover satos wero not so freoly mado On Monday, tho 22nd ult an extensivo sale of boots and shoos tno manufacturo of Messrs A and W Hatau, was held Prices realised as follow -Ladio,' all lasting olastlc boots brought 4s lOd , ladlos' cash mero, Bli, Sa 7d to 4a HU for ladies kid elastic sidos In fane} gooda, tho Allco, Sensation, Alexandra, Croquet thoro was keen competition A sale of boots and grtudory was hold on Wodnosday, tho 21th Tho attendance of buyers was large, but biddings woro anything but brisk, the trade exhibiting no desiro to io Into Btocks Tho auctioneers quitlod only 83 trunks of boots at prices abouc equal to previous Bales On Thursday, the 26th, a largo salo of boots and shoes was hold by ordor of tho consignee Mr S Lion, and prices showing a decided advarco on former sales were realised Women's fancy stitched KaroUso, Garibaldi, i, , fetched from 7s 3d to Oa DJ , womens kid elastic brought 4s lOd to (Is Gd , women d nil lasting 4B lid , women's cabhim.ro, M II 6a , men's calf elastic Bides realised from 6s 3d to 101 Od A quan- tity of colonial mado boots was UIBO sold at fair prlcos Thero was a good attendance of buyers present Ono hundred and five packages of St ad and Simpsons mako wore also cloarod off on tho 20th at satisfactory prices A salo of colonial mado boots and shoos waa again held on Wednesday, the 31st, and the nhole offered realise 1 good pi ices Invoices of sundry manufacturers' boots and shoes woro cloarod off this w cok-Bay on Tuesday tho Oth Soptombor- at prlcos which showed a decided udvanco on provious Bales of a similar character The demand for German lasting and other boots waa much greater ihau for some time past, and tho prices obtained woro fully 7i to 10 per cent higher Candles -For at least a fortnight of tho prosont mouth this article maintained the samo dull hciuy, and unsatisfactory aspect for which for months past It has been markod About 10 days Bgo, however, oftor tho first effeon of tho war ni ws passed oil, a reactionary movemont com n enced and has continued over since a vory considerable business having boon transacted On Tuctday, the 30th ult, 1 000 boxea woro cleared off publicly, and tho sound portion realised lOJd One or two parcels of 600 boxes each were likewise got rid of piivatoly at this quotation On Wodnesday the articlo commanded more attention, and a (,ood many tales were oflectod In tho courte ol the afternoon at prlcos ranging from 9Jd to 10Jd , according to brands Ono Uno of 1 000 boxes was sold to arrive and alto gcthor perhaps up to 5 000 boxes then changed hands, chiefly spot parcels and for trade requirements On Thursday tho den,and became Blacker again, but on Fridu\, at noon, It was 1 umourcd that tho Neva Oom puny had lalscd the price of their brand to lljd , and at once purchasers who lett off buying at lOJd tho day previous came forward and bsughl up all that could JO got at lOJd The demand has been continued into tho proont week whon tho sale privately WAS reported of tomo 6 300 boxes Brandon a. Jansen a, and DKO candles at 10§d duty paid, and BJd was obtained for a parcel in bond for transhipment Tho auction salo on Tuesday, tho 6th embraced Borne 1 600 boxes all of which woro cleared off at OJd to lOd nut for slightly faulty Tho aggrogato of the month's eales c innot bo less than 10 000 to 17 000 boxes and the future protpectsof the market are very promising Couai nt -1 hore la comparatively llttlo doing, as.how over, a toady trado inquiry is malii-alned, prlcos havo »howuroaltcrationdnrlnglhomontl Th<3 best brands of Portland (Whitec) havo bconsoldat 16s Od to 10s, for good ordinary brands 16a to 15a 3d is obtained, and outside brands have been quitted at 141 Od. American plastor holders do not seem inclined to part with unless at fair pa} able rates, a parcel of 200 barrolB was offered by auction somo time ago but as buyers did not ftol ulsposed to give tho rates wa ited, the whole «IIB withdrawn. Qiotatlons raneo from lJs to 14s Od Chemicals -Tho impotus which has boon Imparted to other c,ooda docs not appear as yet to havo readied an} of the items coming under this heading-at all events \ ery little chance has beon percupttblo Soda cosíais, which havo been sold as low as £0 6s , havo, In the absence of parcels pressing on the market, beon somewhat Btlffer, and though we luvo not heard of man} sales at the figuro, wo cannot qu >to under £010s Carbonato Is valued at £13 10a to £14 Caustic soda has not gol 0 over £10 Flowers of sulphur Is a trifle firmer again, but cannot bo quoted abovo £17 10a to £18 larUi lo acid is nominal at Is 6d tola 7d., tales aro trifling, as tho season is not jet far enough advnncd to bring tho articlo into moro notlco Cream of tartar, which is valued at HJd to 14d comos un 1er the same category Prepared opium has mot with a better inquiry, and a considerable business has boon dono at 2¿s Chicory -For local uso the domand has ontiroly run upon colonial trowi to the entire oxelusion of im ported branda, to do which moro effectuait} tho manu facturera havo of late reduced their price to 4JI to 4|d Impon od brands aro available for export orders, and wo quota 2{¡d to 2Jil In bond Coffee -Thoro Is no new feature to notlco In regard to this staple rho cargo of tho Stanley, willoh vcssul arrived just previous to the departure of tho last mall Btcanior, has not li fluonced prices cither up or down that cargo having beon for a firm In the trado wont into stock without being placod on the open markot tur dates from Colombo reach to August 0, and though thoadvicosto hand may bj and byolead to some alteratiors, wo aro unablo to refor to any changos as ¡ yet Sales, however aro difficult to effect tho trade I generally having acted on a resolution to purchase but sparingly Primo qualities of plantation aro quotod atfld to 0J1 Good to Ano Java command from 0'd to 7d , thero Is however very llttlo inquiry for this latter dofciiptlon Nativo Cc-jlon is quotod at Od to Old Confectioner} -Thoro is nothing whatov or doing, and though huslnois 1B pushed In order to effect Balos, the utmost dulnesa prevails notwithstanding thatiin porters ovlnco every desiro to meet bu}ora Assort- ments of Kollier s are quotod at Od Bitgor a are offor il g at 8Jd without meeting a ready response bales of caí died peel are recorded at 10?d to 11JJ Jujubos aro disposed of nt 13Jd whon sales can bo effected Cordago -For local purposes tho domand has rea hod a minimum point little of anything hiving been dono in tho course of tho month There Is afvir Inqul j amongst the shipping as woll as for oxport, ni Ich howevor, barol} koepstbo market ali vo or BUS tains prices Half to Jin cordago Victorian made Is qtittcd at Od per lb Assortments of lin to 4Jin s ¿ed rope aro saleableat £06 New Zealand fhx malo rope ai d cordago a vory serviceable material and much liked command from £43 to £56 according to B zo Coir hawser ropo is quotod at £60 Flat ropi I lings up to £ 0 the domand for this last named has fallon off to a mero nothing Seaming twine la din pored of in tho roost trifling lots at 13d to 13J i Flour and Grain -Our roport of last month ahowod a firm and rising tondoncv in broadstuffs, which con turned for somo time after tho departure of tho mall steamer but we then pointed out that this advance would entlrel} depond upon and bo regu ated by tho stat 0 of the w oather with n Inch w 0 might bo favoured, and a change hav Ing sot lu In this respect, a reduction of not less than £1 por ton on flour had to bo submltto 1 to in ono dav at a public salo held, tho value which touched £13 10s a ihort timo befjre declining to £12 10a, and this week a further lowering of the pries to £12 haB talton placo at which figuro supplies from the country millers placed on tho market aro oleured off Vi hilo w Iting a peífcot deluge of rain has just sot In, which ma} considerably affect prices, alroady holdots ask £1210s to £13, but tho rise miv only bo temporary A corresponding declino on wheat has not, ¡io»over, boon submitted to at holdern of the few lots ( Holing domand 6s Od to 6B 0J , and supp'loj being ver} scanty, they are enabled to enforce their do manda Astilla howevor, p'acos tho town millers in tho dllerr ma of cither making flour at a loss or bong com pellcd to stop milling altogether, It will be tliounro roidily seon how vory unsatisfaotor} tho position of tho markot at present Is On feeding grains an cqu Uly ut satisfactory effect lum boon producod, a strong and rising tendency in oats wan unexpectedly checked lu tho beginning if the month, and prices fell from 6J to Cd per bushel from tho top prlco quoted Somo considerable eales woio then mado at 3s 4Jd to 3d 6d , and an incessant Btrugglo has slnco been malu talnod to support prices by placing \oiy few pareóle on tho market and restricting aalos to suppl} ing mero trado wants, but without hav ing tho deBired effect This wcok, Bales wore mado under tho ham mer of faulty parcolB at from Is lOd to 3s 2d Ma'zo which roso to is 3.1, fell after the arrival of several cargóos to 8s 8d , at which 3 000 bushols wero this w cok cleared off b> auction, whllo soma 0,000 bushels were takon up privately on tho saino day at a trlfloovor tho figure named Malling barley has do dil ed to 4s mid 3s Ed Feeding barley ÍB quitted at 3s lOd to 4s Bran Is quotod at 1B Id to Is 2d For colonial oatmeal, town mado £82 Is obtained Pearl barloy has bcon disposed of at £21 to £22 Fish -Supplies of many descrlp lons havo been short and in consequonco, only a limited business has been dono ling is quoted at Od , and wo havo not heard et i ales under Whlto herrings aro vi ry scarce, and half barrels if offered, would moot with a ready salo at 33s lib fresh herrings aro quitted at 0a 0d Tor lib salmon quotations rango at from 12a to 13a , 0110 line of 850 cases Californian was this week got rid of at a vory full figure Ou tho 23rd ult somo 650 I «cksges, thou just landed from the N Tha} er, woro uffeicd by public auction, and the fillowlug prices woro obtained -300 kits horringo unsound, woro cleared off at 3s 81, 60 barrels maokorol, sound but in indlfforent condition brought 31a, 200 drums cod fish wero quitted nt S|l ; fresh herrings, lib tins, w ero withdrawn at Os Od , 100 cates salmon wero taken off at 12s Sales of lib ojstors woro effected pri vatoly at 7s to 7s 8d , lib lobsters, which arc ox tremol y se ireo, rcallso fis to OH 3d Fruits -A very brisk domand is now springing up for dried fiultn Rnd though a riso of at least a jd par lb on currants hat occurred duiing the last weok yot tho total absonce of speculation from the market gives the Improvement in question a healthy and coiini nont character At auction, as much as 4J3 has boen obtained fir pareóla not ontiroly faultless, and sound shipments aro now readily dhposod of at 6d Capo ralBlr a havo likewiso come moro Into notice, considerable parcels of old last yoar's fruit havo boon got rid of at 4d and sales of new havo also been made, though not largely, at 4Jj j0 JJ jor Klomes ant A alendas wo quote -l¿d to 4Jd but thoro aro not many of those on the market Su tanas aro in fair request, being disposed of at BJd Muscatols aro quotod at Od Figs liavo boon got rid of at 01 to (JJJ and u\> to 7d Driod apples aro quoted at 0J1 , but the demand is vory insignificant. Furniture-Several sbipmonU of American chairs havo found their way Into the hands of the trade In the courso of the month through tho auotlon room» On Monda}, the 15th ult, somo 350 cases wero dis- posed of, comprising tho Walter Hovwood Chair Com panys O and G O Winchesters and Ileywo d Brothers and Co 'a manufacturo, alto Peyton and Co 's Iron bedsteads Thero was a largo attond-vneo and for simo of tho linos a brisk competition was kept up The following prlcos were reallsod - Baltimore wood brought 3s 2d , Washington do , Us id . 8s 6d , 3s Od and 3« 7d , Lafajettodo , 3s 41, Quincey do , 8» 4d , Everett oak chest «oat 4s to 4a 3d , lautes' oak dining, 8s 3d , crown top Grecian, I M and G B , 4a 0d , common nurse rooking, I M , 8B. Od , do , Y W , 8s 0d , oak otllco 8s to 8a Od , child s oak, 4s, cano back rocking maple, 10s Od., childs high wood 3s 2d , low do ,2s 41 , do do , hole, Sa , high stoolB cano scat, 6> Bedsteads res- itted for Sft French 10s Od , 8ft Oin do , 17a Od to 80s ; 4ft, Gin do , Sus and SO) On tho 30th another public sala was hold, tho goods offered wero llkovrlse Amoiican. À lair attendance ol tho trade WM secured, but owing to tho heavy stocka In hand, and adv ces received by tho mall of largo shipments afloat, tho auotioncers found great difficulty In placing any or the linos offered, and many wero passod without a bid Tho following prlcos wero realised -For Baltimore wood 3s waa got, children's low hole realised 8s, 3< 2d , Bay Stato ofllco 8s 2d , ladles' dining oak, 7s Od , cano-back rocking, 16s, nurse do , 8s Od , braco arm do 15«, crown top Oroelan, 43 10J ; do , imita- tion mahogany, 4a 01 Ounpowdor -The war nowa to band by tho mall has considerably influenced business In blasting pender, and has altogether cbanged tho aspect and tono of the market, while an advance of at least SO per cont. has been established, brands for which 4d would pre- viously have boen acccptod having since boen sold at Od The first sale which wakonod up buyera was ona of 3 000 quartor barróla Kauio's, and for which 4JJ, waa obtained, subsequently 2,000 quarter barrels wura quitted at about 0U , and we now undorstand that OJd is required for that brand A small pareil of Roslin Castle has been placed at Gd , wo also learn that a Uko offer made for a Bhipment of Pigou and Wilka'« was refused Hall's has rlson to 7d Hops havo not boen activo dutlng tho greater part of tho month For the last 10 dayH, however, an lui proved inquiry was notod, in conscquouco of the ad vano In tlio ecaaon and tho Improvement in tho woa thor Saloa of Kont hopa, good 1809 qualities, havo boon reported at Is lid to 2a 2d 1803 s aro wanted and good samples aro saleable at Is to la -li las maulan 1870 are quito neglected for though thoso qualities look woll, they lack tho strength de«lrod by mobt of tho brogers, quotations stand at le 7d to Is lOd PrlccB aro likely to romain steady naadticos to hand from London speak of the probability of high prices ruling till tho now crop, which was expected to bo abundant, comes in Malt, meets with a very slow salo still With tho ex- cessive stocke on hand, there Is nothing In the present low prices to lnduco speculators to oporato and as tbo season Is BO cold and backward, tho demand for con sumption has not yet set In, tho budnops done being confined to the purchases of brewers ablo and willing to lay in a stock before tho busy soason commoncos, In anticipation of an advanco In the week ouding 22ad ult about 8 000 busliols changod hands, in pareóla at prices ranglngfrom 7s to 7s 3d and 7s G1 This week a lino of G 000 bushels was cleared oil at closo on 7s GJ From what bos been stated, ho« over, it will bo soon that tho market Ia entirely dependent at present for any Ufo it may possess on the occasional and Irregular demand which springs up from time to timo ia tho manner referred to Metala,-Very llttlo action has appearod In tbo markot since our report of last month Pig Iron has maintained a stead} quotation of £110<, at which tho only sales reported bave been made Galvanised iron has been quitted at about last month's prices Scotch 26 ^auce has changed hard« at £23, and wa quotu up to £23 10s English ordinary branda havo been quitted at £26 and sales of bost brands aro reported at £20 for carno gauge In th» beginning of tbo mouth a Bhipment of 20 eases Braby'a iron, Castle brand, ox Macdui! was quitted at £23 10s to £28 Es for 20 gauge, and this wcok'a shipment«, ex Agamemnon Moravian, Putor Stuart, comprising 78 casos Braby'a galvanicod tinned corrugated Iron, 28 gauge, Castle braud Git, 7ft , 8fe, and 0ft., Hero sold at £27 17s Gd to £20, 6ft. wero quitted at £22 10s to £23 10« per ton Bar and rod iron la quoted at £0 to £10 10s, salea aro limited to trade pur- chase« Sheet iron show« no improvement what over and no Bales worth particular notlco bave been reported Quotations stand at £11 for assortments of Noa 8 to l8 Noa 20 to 26 aro valued at £13 10s to £11 Wo aro without any buslneis In hoop iron to report, quotations stand at£1110s Fencing wiro is still vcrj much neglected, Nos 0 7and8drawn brings £16 10s , £1610s, and £1710s In lead, eliot maintains a neminal quotation of £28, sheet lead Is valued at £26 10s Tin plates aro worth 12} per cent advance on im oleo, but thoro ia no business to refer to Muntz metal has beon llttlo dealt In, and In the absence of sales, wo find a difficulty lu giving a clo»o quotation-8d Is asked Inmost cases Saloa oí Ewbank'« nails are tfloctcd at 20 per cent off list For American nails 17s Gd is obtained, tbough the demand Is uot activo American hardware gonorally ia not much noticed Collins and Sharpe'» heavy axoa bring 72s Collins'« heavy pick« aro dull at 60s Ames's shovels aro saleable at C4« , Day a D H «hovels, 31ln to 33ln , are quoted at 62a , and other makers', «arno size bring 60s Holloware, which Is quoted at 30 per cent of! list has received llttlo or no attention Oils - Keroscno has again presonted a month of In activity and heaviness, tho tendency throughout being downwards, and almost all tho sale« effected have gone through tho auction mart Lost month the tango of quotations stood at 2s Id to 2s 31, from which prices have gradually declined, and now stand at 1« lOJd to 2s Ordinary branda were quitted this wcikatls lOJd tola UM Downer's has boon dla posed of at 2s From New York our datos reich tu 2i d July, and by Mossrs Arkell and Tuft's circular of that day we observo that the Elizabeth Nicholson, which left for Sydney and Molbouruo on tho 17th June had 0 000 casos kerosene all for Melbourno aud 3 200 cases oil for Sydney Tho Onceo, from Boston had 8 800 esses oil on board, tho half of which, It Is staled, goes on to Sidney All the oil shipped for the month, thon, Is 13 000 coses for Molbourne and 7 000 cases for Ey dncy Ono v oseel waa loadlog at Now York for Molbourne, and ono for Sydnoy and Auckland, one vessel was on tho berth at Boston for Mel bou no 'peculativo attention having bean directod towards castor oil, the markot has boon complotoly bought up both to arrive and on the spot, in a 1, about i ¿00 caecB changed hands at from 4« 3d to 4s Gd and 4« Od In bond Holders advnnced their rates to 6s Gd , and a parcel of 1000 casos waa sutieo quei tly cloarcd off in ono line at a concession to buyots of such quantities These prices aro exported to bo sus tallied, as by last accounts wo leam that no furthor shipments aro advised from Calcutta" The market thcro waR very Bteady, tho scarcity of aeed provonlod crushers from working Tn linseed no chango can bo reported, wo quote 3s lOd for drums, and 3s Od for bulk Sales of colza havo been recorded at 6s In drum?, whHo bulkcolzvhaB boon qulttod at ia 8d Oliv» oil ia neglected, drums command 6s 01 and casks 6a Gd Chincso oil Is In good request at Is Gd It is reported by the last mall that tho crop of Chinese ( ii has again failed and the price has risen to 12 05 dol por picul or equal to 5s 4Jd to Bell hore, duty poid 1.1)d llttlo If any is likely to be shipped to Aus tralla, owing to which favourahlo adv leos tho market has been bought up on speculation, about 800 casos chai ging hands, at d an advance on 4s Gd ia now expected to bo established For Polar oil w o quoto £40 Oilmen's Storoa -In stores wo nota a fair amount ol business as being dono This week some G20 cast s w oro cleared off by auai n, last week 420 cisos pint castor oil aud 401 easoH Whybrow'a wero got rid of at very full piices Pickka aro qulttod at 7s 7Jd to 8s Gd , 0« Gd , 10s 01 , and up to 11s according to brand Bottled fruits have beon qulttod at 10s 3d to 10s Gd for assortod and Ils for black currants lib jams Ond buyers at 6s to 7s Salad olia in quarts havo beon sold at l8' tn 23s Gi and 24», pinta nro saleable at 10s 3d to 12s Gil , and half pinta aro dis- posed of at Gi 3d to 7s 8d Oistor oil in pints com manda 7a 3d to 8i and half pinta realiso 4s Gd Ssuces are moved offat 6s toGs Gd and up to 10s is got for C and B Catsup has boen quitted at Gi Gd Capers bring 0s 3d Colnnu'e mustard has declined and can bo bought at 7d In 71b tin», lib tins havo been sold at Os Gd , and half pound tins at 6s Gd For Kcon's mustard 8d per lb ia wanted. Koen'a Btiperlor findabuyorBasl8s Gd for lib lina and8s 8d foriulr pound tins Whito starch realises 6Jil , and bluo starch bilngs6d Thumb bli o fttches from 1011 to lOJd , ball bluo waa sold at 8} 1 Packotoocoa roallaod la 2d to la 4d Curry powdar was qulttod at 4n Gd to 6s Gd 100 casos Palmor'a plaid vestas wero I laced at up to 0s 3d Patent groats havo beon sold at 7s Od Sago is moved off at 3d por lb aud macearon! and vermicelli bring 0}d to lOd Poppers aro all very firm and Bteady , white Is qulttod at 8d to SJd , aud for block Od to OJd la obtained Provisions do not ovince much animation Butter, primo Victorian 1B Ealcablo at lOd Sa os of Victorian thceso aro e fleeted at 8}d to OJd and lOd , while for Now Zealand as much as lOJd was got for a shipment sold under the hammor Bacon and hams aro In moderato request Bacon Is saleable al lOd to lid., hams, colonial cured realise 12d to 14d Quicksilver haB Improved, lotluenco 1 by high rates In the homo matket and a cessation of shipments from California, business, however Is limited to the disposal of trade parcels, and 2s 4d la readily pvl I Klee -Patna has continued throughout the month w Ithout tho slightest appearance of animation Not a singlo transaction boyond tho vory trifling lots taken up to supply trade pulposos has oono undor our notl-o, for bLSt samples a nominal quotation of £21 to £22 1B maintained Our dates from Calcutta roach to 30th July Tho Bolton Abbey was tho latest arrival from tho colonies, and tho Knvoy, roportod tho pro v loua month w as tho latost doparturo Tho valuo of tico ter dod downwards From Hong Kong wo lo un to tholOlh of July that China rice had advanced 60 cents, being quoted at 4 26 dol and scarce Our dates from Bangk >k leach to the 0th July, and from Saigon to 14th July, but thora was nothing of any Interest lo refor to No shipments had beou rnado nor wero making from Batavu, from which port wo imcadviccs to 22nd July Java mill dressed is moving eff moro frooly, a brisk demand being exportonced at £10 10a Saigon dressed la qulttod at £17, and Bangkok dressed 1« moved off at £17 10a Salt Ia extremely heavy Thoro ia nothing prosning on tho market at present, all tho Bhipmonta lately to hand having been cleared off at £8 12- GI rather than Incur tbo risk of storing Sales havo also boon mado to arrlv a at the aamo figuro yet ovory attombt to establish au improvement baa hitherto failed We cannot quoto over £312s Gd , nt which pilco aalea havo been made at auction thla nook blatos -The market lu still exceedingly heavy, and oi ly a vory modorato business has beon dono for trade purpoFca, at prices corresponding with last month's quotations Tho Government contract for railway sheds ItiBhoped, may go a good length In relieving tho prevailing dulness, but thora can be no marked 1m provemont until at least a cessation of shlpmonts from the other sida takes placa, aud stocks are allow od to bo tcduced to within some roam»able u ñipas« 24 x 12 sizes are quoted at £10 to £10 10s 22 x 12 aro qulttod at £14 to £14 10s, and 20 X 10 realise £1110s , thoso quotations aro only for best qualities. Sugar -Tho markot has had spasmodic po tods of activity in the courso of tho month , a good deal of irregularity in tho demand, as may be supposed, has in cousequencn oxlsled, UiithV owing to tho fact tliat, as tho prlcos offering havo not boon Batltfaatory, bul 1er« havo boon inclined rather to withdraw than to accept tho ratea going Tho month's transactions ara conse- quently much tclow an averogo , tho bulk of tho sales vi as effected In the early part of tho month Advices reached tbo week after the departure of last mall from Mauritius to 2nd July, which reported that tho new crop was not expected to come to market beforo tbo end of August and could hardly roach boro beforo October, tho crop moroovor.waa not cxpoctod to yield moro than about two thirds of the previous Boaaon'» These ad viCOB gavo an Impetus to tbo market, and In the weak ending 22cd Auguat somo 4 000 bags wero clsposcd of pilvatoly at an advanco of 20s to 30s on the prices ruling the v\ cek beforo Tho auction sales during tho same week turned out very succossful, tho biddings generally proved spirited, and all tho parcelB offered wore rapidly cloarcd off On Monday, tho 16th ult. Bomo 4 2G1 baga tx vaiioua ships wero offered by public auction, and tho whole quitted at prices ho»ever WIIILII Bbovved a (Iodine; 33s to J5s porowt WOB taken for yellow a and JO i to 37s BJ for middling to fine whites On Tuesday, tho day follow lng, tho Balo of tho Carl*« cargo of Mauritius sugar waa a prominent feature In the day's transactions, lili salo attracted a good deal of notice In conto quojeo of tho spirited naturo of tho bidding and tho rapidity willi which tho Bhipmont was dsposod of as well as tho advanco In prlco which tho brokera succeeded in obtaining The ODtlro shipment, consist- ing of 8,802 bags, lari,o and email wa« got rid of. Low to good rations brought £26 6a to £23 , low browns, £20, medium counter«, £32161 to £3310» , flue counters, £84 6s., j allow grainy, £35 10J to £33 6» ; grey crystals, £87 to £38 6s ¡ and whito crystals, £30 6a.-figures which showed a bona fldo advanco of 10a to 16a por ton on the previous day's prlcos Tho succeeding week a good Inquiry was kopt up, and a largo business was likewise transacted. Towards tho closo of tbo week a good 20s por ton might be put on tho prlceB ruling In tho commencement. On Tues- day, tho 23rd soma 902 bags Bourbon sugars In faulty condition, woro cloarod off at fair prices. On Tbuisday, the 26th somo 7 836 bags, forming tho balances of various cargoes, wore offered in tho fore- noon of that day Thero was a largo attendance of tbo trado, but as they carno quito unprepaiod for the I rices demanded by tho holders, only about 1,100 bags woro got rid of, at 81s Od to 32s 01 forbrovns. 14s 3d to 80s Od for middling to good yellows, and S8a for low white After tho sale offera wero mado privately for several lines at prioes whloh would havo bion accepted In the rooms, but »ero then declined except at a further advanco A decidedly firmer foal ing was experienced throughout tho market, and lu tho afternoon parcels were reported to have boon placed at £36 10s for yellows £38 10s for medium end £40 for Ano white crystals On tho two foi lowing days sales prlvatoly wero effected at very full rates, £82 bolng got for browns, £30 for good yellow B and up to £10 for flue whites The difficulty experienced bj holders in getting tho prices thoy conceived themselves ontltlod to induced them to w it lui raw for a period rathor than prosa ualoa, ind in consoquenco last week was almost a blank in the nay of sales, an 1 during the present weok tho i ubiio sales comprised only 2,700 bags forming tho balances of tho Honolulu mid various othor cargoes, the wholo being cleared off at price« which Bho*od an advance of a* least 16s to 20s on the lew or doscrip tiona, vvhilo tbo finer sorts fully suetalno 1 previous Fale rates nations brought 28s 6d browns 32s Od. to 32s Od , low to One yollowsSSs to 80s lowwhlto 37a to 87s Od , and good white 30s Amongst tho arrivals this week tho Elizabeth, from Mauritius with dafCH to 20th July appears TOB -Messrs J Curio Robortson and Co roport of tho past month as follows -" Tho mall stoamer Geelong arrived on the 80th inst, with dates from 1 oo chow to 10th July and Hong Kong 20th July Since the date of our last circular this markot has been enlivened by tho arrtv al of tho s s Glentor with the OrBt of tho now season's toas for this port Sho anchored on tbo 80th ult, after a passaro of 33 days from Foo chow, and tho wholo of the sound portion of her cargo was offered at auction on tho 2nd inst to a largo attondanco of tho trado, but, as wdl bo seen from tho list of tho months auction sales given bolow, only a small portion was quitted undor tho hammer An evident disincllna lion to oporato was apparent, this however wo account for in a great moaauro bv tho fact that a largo portion of tho cargo was known to bo damaged The teas have beon very w eil selected for our requirements, und we understand that since the sale sovoral chops 1 ave boen disposed of at prlcos fully sustaining tho rates brought at auction As the second arrival Is not cxpoctod for tho next fortnight, the Importara hold an unprecedented position, and ought to roaliso tho ndvantago of tbo lutorval pertaining lo first arrivals Prlvatoly, a good business has boen (,ot through during tho month, and wo aro enabled to roport a firmer markot than existed at the date of our last monthly circular Auction sales -On tho 17th ult nome 2 000 pack ages CK G H Peake, woro sold at fair figures On the 26th ult, 1,780 packages of dust and sittings and common congous, sundry shipments, woro disposed of at fair prlcce On tile Slst ult tho residuo of tho cargoes ox Gustav and Constance was offered, but oui} 326 cheats and 317 half chests found purchasers, at market rates On tho 2nd inst, tbo cargo of tho s B Clcator consisting of 13,207 pack iges congou, bolng tho first arrival of tho new seison s teas, was submitted to the trade, but only 2 630 packages wara sold from tho box at from 1B OJd to la 8d In bond for good medium and 2s to 2s 01 for fino to dioico congous The do ivor'es for tho past month hav o been 400 5301b atatnst 405 0031b at samo time last year Iho Htock In bond on tho 3rd Inst was 3 2c7,S79 b against 2 782,7331b at samo timo last year Our quotations are -Congou-Dust and sidings, OJd to8d , brokon I oo chow, 8d tolOd ordinary to eood lOjd to lid , mixed loaf kinds, ll¿d to Is 21 , do , with little flnvour, Is 3d to Is -Id., black teh leaf kinds Is 4d to Is Od , do strong, is 6d to 1B 6d , do strong flav our Is Od to Is 7d , kalBow kinds, strong la 8d to Is Od , pokoo sou clioiifc ond pokoo flavour, Is lOd to 2s , fin« rich pokoo souchong flavour, 2s Id to 2s 2d , do , very fino do , 2s 2Jd to 2s 3d , souchong, com- mon Is to Is 2d , do , middling to Uno Is 3d to Is 41, orango pokoo, scented ordinary and broken, is 3d to Is 4d , do , goou to fine, Is Od to Is 8d , capor, scented, common to middling, Is Id to Is 4Jd , do , middling to Uno, 1B 6d to Is 7d , young hyson, common, Uti to Is Id , do , good to Uno, 1B fid tola 8d do finest none, gunpowder, Canton good to (ino, lOrjd to Is 8d Above quotations are at por lb In bond for chests (boxes being worth 2d per lb more) " Tlmbor -A modorato amount of buslnoîs is ropnrtod In this market, but the prices realised are exceedingly tmeatisfactor} Shipments still continue to como for ward to tho dotrlmontof an already far too heavily overloadod market American lumber Is steady in price, but Scotch flooring and deals aro almost unsale- able On Tuesday, the 10th ult, soma 23 654 spruce deal battens, &c; ox Eliza wore diaposed of at 3d to 3d 7 lOthH per foot 0x3, 105,100ft spruco T and G flooi ing, offered at same time, brought for Ox 3, 6a Od to 0s por 100ft , 5 x J 4s 3d do , 0 x 1, 6s Od do , 6 x 1 6B do , 6 x 1J 6s do 2 000 best whito oak puncheon staves lln realised £112s Od per 100 tx lnvoraray-111 whlto pino deals fetched £7 5s per 1 000ft 84 000 4ftand IJfr. laths, 20s to 22a per 1 000, 740 djtt pickots £4 16a per 1000 Ex Pralrlo 76 00utt Taylors Biy hardwood was sold at 8s to 12 Od por 100ft lho Alida, from FredorlcVstadt, with a careo of flooring weatherboards, ko , arrived on Saturday, the 13th ult Ou Tuesday tho 23rd ox N Thuvcr 73 700 4jft spruco laths woro quitted at 22» Gd | cr 1 000 , 72,700 4ft pino laths brought 20* per 1 000, 680 4Jft spruco pickets, £4 15s per 1,000 Ex Storm Kh g balance of cargo of cedar logs sold at 20s to 21B 0d per 100ft On tho 20 h, rod dolla woro dlFpoeod of ex Merrie Monarch and Poter Stu-vrt i&i; red dculs, 11 x 3 D D D brand woro sold, all faults, at 3 16 lOd to 41 lOd por foot, 0x3, 2,051 pieces 9x3, woro placed at 3}d to S l8 lOd On Tuosday, tho SOtb, thoro was sold, ox Atlda damaged by sea water, 0 x 1J whlto Norwoglau T and G flooring willoh realised 8s 81 , 0 xjdo, 7s 3d , 6 x J do 5a Od , 0 x J do beaded, 5s , 0 x 3 do , do , 4s 6d , four out whlto weatherboards wero sold at 0s Od six out do brought 4< 0d por 100ft, lu cal Ex Freetrader, 70 000ft sawn hardwood sold at 10s 3d to 11s. per 100ft., ox Daudonong I 610ft ??awn cedar boards, at 8Jd per font On the 0 h inst, there were sold ox Allda all faults badly damagedb} sen water, 20 000ft OxlJredT and G at 7a 8d per 100ft lineal, 01 000ft 0 x J do brnuditfli Od do , 16 000ft 0 x J do 6s do , 400ft 0 X J boaded do , 4s Ud do , 3 000ft 0 x J white do , ouds 4s 8d do , 180 U x 3 rod deals, 8|d per foot lineal Ex Akbar C2 000ft clear pluo rcallBcd£l2 to £lG16s per 1,000ft, "J 000ft white pino shelving £11 6s to £11 7a Od per 1 OOOfl, 30 000ft lln rough pino £7 7s Od do , 1 000ft wl Ho pine T and G , £10 2s Od do . 76 000 ?Jfe latliB, 21s por 1000 Ex Alcy ono-10 000ft Oxl pruco 1 and U fetched 6a 9d per 100ft, for 0 x 1 do £0 2s 6d por 1 000ft , 7 000ft whito pluo, £9 per lOlOlt FxN Tim} er-1002 doora woro quitted at 11s 3d to 20s each Tobacco-Tho month oponed with a decided Im I rovement, although the season not bolng sufficiently advanced prevented any vory largo business from being dono notwithstanding wbiob, a voryhoalthy feeling has pervaded tho markot though wo aro unablo to repurt an} great activity , tho largor bu} era havo boon content to hold off In the moantimo, and do not show any signs of a doelro to lay in heavy stocka but tho trado demand 1B maintained on a fair and satisfactory scalo whl o Inquiries for export havo also been somo whst brisk The anomalous circumstanco of parcels bolt c, reMiipped to London continues toboafoaturo In tho market sovoral small shipments of outsldo brands hav It cr bonn des pat c1 ed to Finland a fortnight ago Since the mall's arrival business bas brou lather quiet, aud, although tho war news may ovonttially havo son o li flucuco on tho markot, no chinaos of any con sequence can bo recorded as yet, with tho oxcoptlon of Hamburg Gorman, and Swiss mado clears, which are at picsont hold al extremo pilcos-, and llkoly to bo so until further tidings como to hand All tobacco i lets' goods imported from Yionua and the Rhino will also bu favourably affected Tho advlaos by tho mail juBt arrived do not add any further Information re carding shipments lo that already rocelved via Call fnruia, by which our dates from Now York leach to 30th Juno Tho Elizabeth Nicholson tioadlng)had81,0001b tobacco on board, and tho Onoco from Boston, was to bring 60 half UorcOB and 16 casos Tho following oro tho principal sales of tho month -On tho 15th ult a parcel of 00 ha f and quarter tierces Black Swan changed hands prlvatoly us woll as a considerable parcol of funcy aromática A lino of 100 boxes medium tons was aleo closed for Under the hammer on Wclncsday tho 17th 118 packages wero cloarod oil Anchor tons brought Is 2d to la 2}d , Anchor flvas, la OJd , nnd twist nil faults, realised Is Id to Is l|d On Friday tho 10 li somo 00 packagos damaged woio disposed of as follows - Tens woro quitted at Is -Id toll Ha , lit es at 1B 4d to Is 4Jd , and twist atlB.2Jd uet By prlvatocontraotialeaworooffectod tho week fe Honing of Cameron a Two Scat and Venus, ex Eaton Hall and Marpcsta at vory full pricoa Undor tho hammor llltewieo, Bovoral parcolH wore dis posed of Two hundred and forty six packages tibaccocs woro got rid of on Monday foi onoon the 22nd ult , half pounds wero quilted at 81 to Od , sixes realised Od to lOd twist lOd to lOJd and uo to 12}d , pocket pieces fault}, woro cloared off nt 8}d , and BIXOB llkonlso faulty, at Od On the 20th, a small parent of tobacco was got rid of at auction, 82 packages vero quitted Twist, faulty, brought lOJd. to le Old , bars sold at 8i I and pounds at 0JJ During the past and present week nothing of vory special lntorost has transpired, and no salos of Im portanco li we boon mado publio, with tho oxcoptlon of lho sain of tho balance of tho ftavonacrags and Marpotla a shipments of Cameron a Two Soas and Venus Our trado quotations aro - For low class tons and dark half pounds Cid to 741 Is a>-ko 1, medium bring np to 101 , good hold for!4d , fino, la fí¿I to Is Od Tvista- Korr's not In tho market. Queen of tho South commands from 1 Jd to lajd , Black Swan, 14Jd , Barratt'«, St Andrew s and Davon sound, aro held for Is Gd to Is Gd Farcols out of condition aro quitted at all sorts of prices Aromática aro n.-glcctcd, oxoopt for ship mont to England Navy commnnds la, anti fancy aromatlcsbiingUBblc,h as la 4d Manilla clirars havo tin) rev od, In conacquonco of tho riso in tbo rato of ox cb antro, wo quote 70a for both cheroots and Hav anna shaped Ormond Swiss share in this Im provement and aro valued nt35s German and Ham burj.li aro held for £8 to £10 in bond, and genuino Havannas at £10 to £30 and upwntds Wines and Spirits -Tho demand for v/lnos has beon limited and uneatlsfactory Sales of sherry havo como unilor our notlco at £21 and up to £16 and of ports at £30 lo £40 ncoordlog to quality By auction last week 70 pipos, lil da, and quarter cask» port wore sold at £20 5s for common to £30 for medium and £05 for filio medium Quotations for shorrj rulo at £15 to £20 for low £21 to £30 (or common, £35 to £15 for medium. £60 to £05 fur ii io and £70 to £00 for eui erlor Ports command from £10 to £20 for low, £24 to £80 for common £32 to £40 for good, and £45 to £00 for modlum qualltle« Until the arrival of tho mall stoamer thoro was comparatively llttlo dolnir In bruni los Last week, howover, buy or» wero roused to calivil}, and a vor} largo business was transact« 1 Closo on l,r00 quarter caBka, various brands, found buyors at auction aid privately durlni, lho wook, nnd a considerable advance In prlco was catabllshol, as to quotations, howovor owing to the vory un settled stato of tho markot, It is difficult to glvo for the various brands Buch as may bo rnllod on Under tho hammer aomo 570 quarters B Frfire's woro cleared off at 3s Od and having then sold so freoly, tho agents rofuso to soil moro under 4s Od , 200 quarter casks Otard s woro quitted at same timo at 6s 7Jd I urther transactions In Hennossy n continue to bo reported at 0s Gd , privately Os 3d was paid for a shipment of JOO quarter casks, and subsequently 0s Od waa obtained tor 200 quattara, while it tho close of tho week holders asked an advanco even on that figure. Martell's has risen in Uko ratio. Otard'e has gono up to Gs. to 6s, 3d., and BalcB aro being made at tho formor figuro. For Asso- ciated Vinoyards' wo quote 6s. Od. Considerable parcels of Champagne Vineyard have mot with buyera at 6s. Gd. For Vincgrowora wo quoto 6s. Gd. For Jules Bobin and Co. 6s. Od is asked ; a ahipmont Of this brand baa been quitted. Some 300 quarter casks of Central Vineyard havo mot with purohasora at 3s Od. In casca wo llkowiso notlco a consldorablo chango In valuo. By auction, Hennessy'» was placod at 27s. 7Jd. on Tuesday last, the30th ult., though 27s. 8d. was accepted tho day before ; subsequent to thut 28<. was obtained, and tho same figure was offered and refused for a parcel to arrive ; 1,000 casca wero sold yesterday at close on 20i. For all other caso bran- dies a proportionate advanco la alao demanded. For Martcir« 25s. to 20s. is wanted. Otard's is quoted at 24s. to 24s. Gd. Honault's is valued at 22s., and U.V.P. at 23s. Gd. to 24«. For Associated Vineyards' 20s. to 21s Is wanted. Mcnkow and Co., a now orana, which Is likely to meet with favour In the markot, was offer tug for a time at up to 22s., but 25s. la now asked. In geneva wo havo llttlo to report, tho impetus Impattod to brandy not bavlrg yet been communicated to this spirit. JDKZ full strength we quoto at 13s. to 13a. Gd. V.H.and Co. haabeensold atl2*.; woquotoforKoyl2s. Od. ; Boll brand Is valued at 15s. Gd. to 16«. ; and Juniper Tree, 20 bottles, roallBCBlfis. Od. Ono thousand cases B. and V., in faulty condition, wero cleared off this week at 10a. A movement in rum Bot In imme- diately aftor tho mah'a arrival, and tho prlco of 10 par cent. o.p. waa spoedlly run up to 3s. Gi. at which It Is firm, with a tendency to riso still further. Lsmon Hart's has been quitted at Sa. 7}d ; for 30 par cent, o.p. we quoto 8s. Od. to 4s. In whiskey there is llttlo to refer to; wo quoto for bulk 8s. Od. to 4s. Sir R. Burnett's old tom brings 13s. to 13s. G1. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. We havo to report a vory qulot markot for dobonturoa, banks, Insurance, and InveBtmont stocks gonorally, throughout tho paBt mouth. Prior to ths arrival of tho July mall, the general rango of prices allowed but llttlo chango from our last quotations, al- though, as usual in a dull markot, tho turn was In favour of buyora in tho business dono. Tho unexpected intolllgonce rocolved by the mail that war had actually commonced between Franco and Prussia has had a very unfavourable lnfluonco on tho market, tho opinion that England may eventually bo drawn Into tho war causing buy ors to hold off in ex- pectation of lower rates, which, indeed, to a small extent, havo already been submitted to in the trans- action« tinco effected. Had It not beoa for tho war newB, the action taken by the banks lu combining to reduce tbe rate of Interest allowed on depoBlta would havo tended to ltnprovo tho valuo of bank shares, und of investment stocks generally. Transactions in mining stockB havo keen rather below the average, except in Sandhurst companies, which, owing to suc- cessful developments, havo had an active and Im- proving markot. Both ylolds and dividends in tho Sandhurst district havo considerably Increased, and bid fair to continue. Ballarat companies have had a rathor dull markot, but considerable Improvomont 1B anticipated when tho Koh-i-noor Company, tho Hand and Band, and Winter's Froehoid got Into payablo wash. Tho first namod com- pany expect to do so In a taw days. Tho latter hare botb broken Into wash, but tho quality- and ox tent are not yot ascertained. Mining conipanioa of other districts have had comparatively llttlo attention, and prices generally havo tended downwards. Tho long contlnuanco of extremely wot weather, which haB at last culminated in Hoods in sovoral parts of the colony, tends to Incienso tho dulness of the market, and has been tbo causo of cousiderablo delay and loas In mining operations. A groat number of now mining companies havo boen registered in the Sandhurst district ; and two companlca, tho South Union and the Perseverance, havo been formed to work quartz rccfa within 20 milos of Mel- bourno, An attempt to Bwlndle tho mining public at Ballarat by silting a reef was fortunately disco- vered beforo any monoy had changed lands, und tho perpetrators aro to bo tried for conspiracy to defraud. No meetings of public companies of Im- portance havo beon hold sinco our last report. The half- yearly balance-shoo» of tho Bendigo Gas Company Bhovved a profit of <Ct,14110s. 7d., out of which dividend at rato of G por cent, per annum waa declarod. Tho Melbourno Excbango Company had a profit of £401 Ila. for tho balf-yoar, and doclarod a dividend of £110s. per shara. Tho mining dividends declared during the month will bo found particu- larised holow, and, though Bhowing a falling off In somo dietricta (which la bellovcd to be only tompo rory), Bum up to about tho avorage on tho whole. Dcbonturce, Banka, and Miscellaneous Stocks. Victorian Government six por cont. local dohonturos changed bands to a limited extent at £108 to £108 101. prior to arrival of tho Europoan mall, but have sin 'O horn quitted at £107 to £107 10s.; fivo por cents aro at £100. City of Melbourno Corporation debentures, ro mlttablo, duo 1887, rralisod £107 10a. Quoonaland six per cent. Trer-.ury Bills having threo years and four months to run weio placod at £100 15s. Bank of New South Wales changed banda at £33 10s. Commercial Bank of Australia had considerable business, and ad- vanced from £3 14P. to £317s., butaro since oosler, and havo receded to £3 14s. National Bank of Aifttral ssla havo boon moderately doalt In at from £5 12a. ti £5 Ifis., and downwards again to £610s. Gd. Colonial Dnnk of Australasia have had a quiet markot ; salea at £7 7a., £7 0s" nud £7 5s. 6d., oloaing with Bêlions at £7 0s. Bank of Victoria shares continue vory firmly hold, and havo commanded n alight improvement in value, realising £38 in the «aloa niado. Land Mortgago Bank ehorea worth about £2 7s. Gd. Soutborn Insurance Company shares had a moderato ox tent of business at 22s. to 22s. Od. pi lor to mall nowa, but havo sinco receded to 20s. Gd. Australasian Flro and Marino Iuauranco share« offered at 0s. ; Lifo abares worth 17s. National Flro Insurance Bold at Ss. and at 2s lid. per sharo. Australian Alllanoo ABBUiaucoBharoB worth 28s Gd. to 80a. Vic toiia Flro and Matlno Insutaucc shares were Bold at £25. Molbourne Gas Company havo changed bauds to a moderato extent at £5 15s. io £5 14s. tor £6 Bhoron, and at £2 Gs. to £2 6s. for £2 shares. Col- lingwood and Fitzroy Company Bharoa placed at £7 16s. Od., and have buyers at £7 15s. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway shares havo slightly rocodod, and might bo had at £62 10s. Building Societies shares havo had a modorato oxtont of business. Othor miscellaneous Btocks havo been but llttlo dealt In. Alluvial Mines.-Ballarat Companies-Band and Albion Consol« havo had a vory limited biiBlucBB at from 0s. to 10s. Od., closing at 0s. Cd. and 10s. The Koh-i-noor Company havo nearly completed tho doad work, and expect to resumo washing in about a week's time ; salea at £7 10a. to £8. St. Qoorgo and Band havo had a dull market ; now IBSUO Bold at 10s. Gd. to 14B. Gd. Croat Gulf Company paid a dividend of 3s. por tcilp ; phares havo receded from £2 8s. cuni dividond to £1 7«. ex dividend. Wintor'B Freehold shares rose from £10 to £30 in consoquonoo of break- ing through Into wash, but fell aftorwarda to £21, and havo again recovered to £23 Leviathan Oompvny have iccedcd ; Bales nt £11 5s. to £7 per share. Great Northern Junctlun quite neglected. Urited Albion and Pitnce of Wales havo had a very iluotuating markot, rising from 24s. to SSs., but havo again como buck to tho former price. Tho Park Company havo beon getting good ylolds ; salo« at from £0 8s. 0d. to £0 14s. cum dividend of 10a. nor shnro, and at £6 17«. Gd. to £6 10s. ox divi- dend, closing at £6 16s. Tho Hand nnd Band Com- pany «hare« havo had a largo business at ratos varying with tho prospecte as operations progress-oil ; salo« at all prtcca botween £9 and £0 for doublo Issue; wash baa beon broken luto In two place«, and prospect aatd to bo favourable ; tho market cloue« at £7 buyora for double issuo. Bonshaw Froehoid «hare« nave further declined In markot valuo. «nins at from £00 to £00. Talbot-Glodfltono Company- sold at £8 por share. Maryborough -Magnum Bonum Company havo ro ceded to £710a. Band of Hopo sold at £8 4s. Huntly. -Tho Bagshot Ccmpany havo completed their ma chlncry, and oxpect to bo In full work In a fow days ; khares aro at £2. Warrandyto.-Tho Evolyn Tunnel Company havo been further dolayod by tho contlnuod heavy raine, and shares havo roceded from £2 5s. to £1 6a. Godfrey's Crook.-Tho Novor-can-toll Company sold at receding ratea to 4s. Gd., but bavo since recovcicd to Ila Gd., and oloso 10s. Od. silos. (luartz Minea.-Sandhurst-Great Extoudod Hust- ler1«: this company has paid Sa. Od. per share In dividend» during tho month ; share« havo changed hands to a largo extent at from 80s. to 40s., and closo »t 42s. Gd. ox dividend. North Johnson's havo paid le, Od, por ebaro, and prices advanood to 17a., cum dividend, closing buyers at 10s. Johnson's Company havo Bold at Os. 3d. to 10s. Od. per sharo. Horculea havo had a modorato business at 12s. 3d. to 11s. Od., closing at latter. Victoria Gold Minea havo further improved ; sales from 25s. to 32«. ; 2s. por share divi- dend paid during tho month. St. Mungo have ro- ceded from Gs. 3d. to 5s Od. Now Nolson Tribute «har os Bold at £10 to £17. Collmann and Tacchi Company »hares havo boon largely dealt in al Improved rates ; sales from 12s. 3d. to 10s. Gd., und worth 15s. at closo. flusllor's Hcot Company havo reorganised ; salos at 6«, Od. and Os. North nustlc-r's not dealt lu. Tho South Dovenshlro havo had a lino yield, and paid divi- dend of is. Od. on the tributo share«, and Gd. on tho company's «hares ; tribute shares Bold from 4«. Gd. up to 10s. 3d. cum dividend. Kxtondod South Do von rhlro, adjoining tho former company, Bold from 2s. to 8«. St. Mungo-hlll Company, promoters' abaros, sold at from £12 to £17 por 40th, and now worth £12 por80tb. Acadia Tributo sold at 0s. per flhara. The Now Moon Company havo paid tu o dlvidonda of Od. oneil ; a largo buslncsa dono in tho «hares at Improving rates ; sales from 7s. up to Ila. Hobin nood Company, adjoining tho New Moon, Bold at 2s. 5d. to 3». Hibernia, Kodan Beef, a now company, havo como on good stono, and shares Bold to a largo extent at 2s. to 8s. Hepburn and Dayleeford-Vineyards Company havo rocodod ; salos Irom 88«. to 28s., closing buyora at laetcr prlco. Crown havo unproved to 10i., at which thoy moot a fair demand. No. 1 South havo paid a dividend of 7». 6d. por share ; salos at £2 10a. oum dividend, aud at £2 2s. Od.. £2 3a. Gd. ox dividend. Clunes.-Now Norlh Olunos shares havo had a continued dull markot, and oloso with sales »t£00. South Cluoos Company havo boon sold at £20. Now Ciitotlon bavo rocedod to £12 sollors ; £10 buyers. Tarnagulla.- Unltod Povorty Koef Company aro at 10s. sellers; tlio markot dull. StrlnifOra Creek_Long Tunnel shares havo doollnod to £00 »ollera. Longfellow's hayo bean Bold at £8 10s. Kmprosn h»vo fallon from £20 to £10 Bellera. North GIppB Laud aro nominal at £8 Crooked Uiver-Good Hopo Tunnelling havo paid a divi- dend of 6s. per Bhoro.'Wood's Point.-Hopo Com- pany havo paid two dividend« of 1«. each ; «haroa dotlt In to a fair oxtont, closing at 26s. The Sir John Franklin Company havo paid 80s. per sharo sinco April' last ; selléis at £5. All Nations, Mailook : this company havo resumed possession of the mine, but hdvo since roleta portion on tilbuto ; sbaroB have boon freelydoaltin at from £616s. to £0 IO«, cum dlv. of 15s., »nd at £0 to £0 2«. Oil ex dlv. Beechworth.-United Happy Valley sold at £710s. oum dlv. of 10«. per aharo. Tasmanian stocks havo boon llttlo doalt lu. Tower- hill Bold at £4 10s.. and Exco:»lor at £6. Toukoy, New Zealand, havo had an Improved markot ; salos at from £4 10s. up to £0 10«. Tho manager report« that he expects soon to Btrlko tho rlnh atona worked by the Cohlen Cinwn Company. Tho markot olosos with buy ora at £7. The dividends declared sinco departure o! lost mall amount to £52.067 14s.; ol this sum £1,110 ia from public companies, and £51,861 from mining companies, tho latter amount being made up of £34,813 14s. dis- tributed by cuartz oompaulos, and £17 638 bv alluvial companlca. ' The dividends In detail aro an follow ¡ For the week ending Auuust 20-Melbourno Exchange Company, £110s. per 240th, £300 ; Bendlio Oas Com pany, at the rate nt 0 per cent on capital, £747 ; Great Extended Eagle Tribute, Sandhurst, 10». par 400th, £200 ; Golden Fleece Tributo, Sandhurst, Od. pur 12,000th, £300 ; Victoria Gold MJnoa Company, Baud hurst, Is. por 20.274th, £1,018 14s. ; Morning Light Company, Huntly, 2s. Od. per 1,3201h, £165 ; Goldon Lake Company, Springdallah, 6s. per 4 400th, £1.100 ; Galatea Company, Scarsdale 10s. per 2,10uth, £1060 ; Sadowa Company, Talbot, £1 10s. por 240th, £300 : Sadowa Tributo, Talbot, Ss. per 2 500th, £375; Bute Company, Smythesdale, £14 10s! per 40th, £530: Carlisle Compauy, Sandhurst, £70 por 18th, £1,120 ; Bonshaw Freehold Company, Ballarat. 16s per 3,860th, £2,620 ; Vlatory Tributo, Sand hunt, £1 10s. per 320th, £480 ; Young Chum Company, Sandhurst, Is. por 20,OOOth, £1.000. For tbo wcok endiug August 27-Great Extenilod Hustler's, Sandhurst, Is. per 2S,000lh, £1.400; Stewart's Tributo, Sandhurst, Ss. per 3.200th. ¿SOO : Goldon Pyke, Od. por 28.000tb, £700; New Moon, Od. per 2,400th, £000; North Johnson, (Jd. por 22,0O0tb, £660 ; Boyal Oak, Sandhurst, 3d. per 24.0ÚOth, £300 ; New Chum Tribute, Sandhurst, Is. per 1,400th, £70 ; Annabella, Huntly, Is. Od. per 3,200th, £240 ; All Nations, Matlock, 15s. per 1,600th, £1,200; Great Gulf, Ballarat, 3s. per 8,000th, £1.200 ; United Happy Valloy, Ovoi s, 10->. per 4,400th, £2,200 ; Hope, Wood'a Point, Is. per 12 000th, £000 ; New North C1 unes, Chinos, £2 per 2.160th, £4112; Extouded Elgla Tilbuto, Sandhurst, 7s. Od. per 400th, £160. Tbo mining districts from which tlicso dlvidouds aro derived rank ns follows In ordor of amount; Sandhurst, £4,670; Olimos, £4,112; Ovens, £2 200; Wocd'a Point and Matlock, £1,800; Ballarat, £1,200. For week ending Soplembor 8-Costorfleld Gold and Antimony, Uoathcoto, 10s. per 2.G00U), £1.000 ; Innes Freehold, Buninyong, 3s. por 2,000th, £300 ; Sadowa, Talbot, £1 per 240;h, £210 ; Iluto, Smythesdale, £13 10s. pur 40th, £540; Itolhcsay, Smythesdale, £G per 40th, £240 ; Victoria Gold Mines, Sandhurst, Is. per 20,271th, £1,013 14s.; Sir John Franklin,Wood's Point, 6s. l-or 2,400th, £C0O ; Good Hopo Tunnelling, Crooked Bivor, 5s. per 1,800th, £450 ; No. 1 South, Hepburn. 7s. Od. per 2,000th, £075; Park, Ballarat. 10s. per 12,800th, £0.400 ; South Devonshire Tributo, Sandhurst, la. Od. por 24,0001h, £2.100; Golden Stream, Scarsdale, 10s. per 2,000th, £1,000; Morning Light, Huntly, 0s. 8d. por 1,320th, £410. The abovo dividends aro derivad from tho following districts ¡-Ballarat and Bunin- yong, £0,700; Sane hurst and Heathcote, £1.553 14s.; Smyihesdalo, £1,760; Hepburn, £075; Wood'a Point, £000; Crooked Hiver. £460; Talbot, £210. For week ending Septcmbor IO-South Devonshire Sandhurst, Od. per 24,000th, £600 ; Great Extended Hustler's, Sandhurst, 2s. Od. por 28,000th, £3,500 ; Boso of Denmark, Sandhurst, Is. 3d. per 24,000th, £1,600; North Johnson's, Sandhurst, Is, por22,000th, £1.100; New Moon, Sandhurst, Od. por 24,000th, £000; Victory Tributo, Bandhurst, 80s. per 820th, £4S0; Unicorn Tributo, 5a. por SOOth, £200 ; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 10a. por 600th, £200; Try Again, Smythesdale, £4 per 20th, £80 ; Whoal Kitty, Smythesdale, £11 per 28th, £308 ; North Star, Lau- riston, 3s. por 2.000th, £300 ; Seaham, Maryborough, Gd. per 6.000th, £150 ; Hope, Wood's Point, Is. por 12,000th. £600 ; North Croas Koof, Ploosant Crook, Sa. per lO.OOOtb, £2,600. Summing up the totals of lho four wcoks, the diffe- rent m'nlng districts rank as follow In rospoct of amount of dividends distributed :-Sandhurst, £21,022; Ballarat, £10,420; Smythesdale, £1,803; Olunos. £1112; Wood's Point, £3 00O; Plousant Crook,£2.G00; Ovcna, £2,200; Maryborough, £1,875 ; Hopburn, £975; Crooked Uiver, Gipps Laud, £450 ; Lauriston, £300. The total dividends for tho severn! four wuoks* mall periods for tho prcsont year stand thus January.£20,330 February 26 .64.000 March 20.. .. «. .. .. 47,080 April 23.44,810 May 21.60,014 JunelS.42,251 July IO.43,958 August l8 .52,860 September lu.61,852 Making a gross total for the year to datoof.£113,714 reported by public companies, mid to which a vory considerable further Bum would requlro to bo added for privato companies, and for public companies not reported. IMPOKTS AND "EXPORTS. Tho following tnblo gives tbo imports and tbo exporta of tbo port sinco tho begin- ning of tho yoar, as compared with tho cor- responding period of 1869 : Wook Ending Imports. 1869. Exporta. 1870. Jan. 1 Jan. 8.. Jan. 1C. Jnn. 22. Jan. 29.. Fob. _.. Feb. 12.. Fob. 19.. Fob. 20.. Mar. G.. Mar. 12.. Mar. 19.. Mar. 20.. April 2.. April 9.. April 10.. April23" AprllSO.. Hay 7.. May 14.. May 21.. May 28.. Juno 4,, Juno 11.. Juno l8.. Juno 26.. July 2.. July 0.. July 10.. July 23 _ July 30.. Aug. 0.. Aug. l8.. Aug., 20.. Aug. 27.. Sept. 3.. £ 208,228 858,065 340,001 410,708 817,182 300,607 253,442 227,020 245,011 290,695 170,607 100,007 150,660 172,201 188,667 217,651 127,800 260,316 178,047 142,800 241,112 867,408 296,450 201,416 107,77» 283.820 178,120 400,721 205 819 803 050 237 030 882,276 271.210 182,643 190,260 404,405 211,187 231,Gb9 288,307 861,003 279,431 364.210 278,440 206,643 291,848 218,247 222,306 170,850 188,070 274,481 221,700 140,010 211,267 323,808 163,018 279.855 270.900 183,041 211,210 178,078 181 463 101,010 M7.2S8 839,809 2J0.057 2U.047 234 405 283,010 214,493 230,502 240,103 232 031 £ 207,790 600,200 247,180 413,416 78 509 804,017 323,043 342,372 150,141 815.139 231,639 77,437 220,049 170,330 105 606 118,165 518 537 76.699 241,440 88,112 474,126 1S5.161 67,393 122,701 685,037 130,591 42.871 88,300 699,232 138,188 28,722 130,073 611,010 101,028 87,704 111,123 & 110,500 573,005 282,087 05,831 146,610 700,092 104,390 109,020 93,033 628.418 140,040 109.179 155.805 441,530 00,878 00,830 478,210 182,859 84.088 64,792 442,810 121,172 05,068 47,180 012,005 75,330 85,679 70,057 400,018 93,413 T0.038 43,100 602,027 79,744 TS.017 40,008 0,173,602 8,003 701 i 8,181.8871 7,860,180 During the first period the account stood thus ; Importa .£0,173,002 Exporto .8.181,837 Bataneo of imports over oxporta £002,805 During tho second period ; Importa ...£8,003,791 Exports .7,309,180 Balance ol imports over oxporta £1,234,00C Comparing the abovo periods with each other, the results are as under ; Importa In I860 .. " .. £0,173,092 Importa In 1S70 " .. " 8,003.701 Decrease in 1870 Exporta lu I860 Exports lu 1870 £530,001 \- £8181,887 _ 7,309,180 Decreoso in 1870.£312,201 WELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, SEIT. 7. TIIÍÍ MILLS. Thero Is scarcely anything doing in the flour markot at present, and prices ara still vvoak, bo,t flour having been quitted in small parcols as low as £12 10s. In moni, barley, or oilier Items, thoro is no chango to noto. Quotations aro na follow :-Flour, £1210s. to £18 10a. ; bran, Is. 3d.; pollard, Is, 3d, to la. Od.; mool. £22 ; poarl barloy, £21. HETAiL MARKETS. Butter mid eggs aro largely supplied, and aro dull of saio at tho prosent low rutos. .Butcher's moat and poultry romain ita lott reported. The curront prlcos aro as follow:-Beef, -id. to Od. por Ib.; mutton, 2Jd. to did. por lb. ; vool, Gd. per lb.; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, 4s. Od. to 6s. Od. per pair ; gooso, 0a. to Ho. do. ; ducks, 0}. to 7s. do.; turkeys, 14s. to 22s. do. ; ohooso, 8d. to Is. 4d. pot lb. ; oggo, 1 Id. to la. 3J. por üoion ; butter, lOd. to la. lil. por lb. ; bread, 7d. por 41b, loaf ; milk, Od. nor quart; hams, Is. Id. to Is, 4d. per lb.; bacon, lOd. tola, 2d. HAY MARKET. ButhiCBH romains as last reported, though as tho arilvalB havo fallen off a llttlo, lho fooling of tho market la a shade Ormer. Quotations aro, novvovor, unaltered, tho following ptices ruling:-Hay, £3 59. io £4 10B.; straw, £210s, lo £3. EASTERN MAKKRT. Thoro was again a poor supply of vogotablo produce brought to market this morning, and prlcos woro firm. Butter and eggs woro In excess of tho demand, however, and prices woro dull. Tho ruling rates woro : -Vogotablos.-Jornsalom artichoke», Id. to 2d. per lb.; boot, Od. to Is. per dozon ; bouqunts, 4s. to 8a. por donn ; brocoli, Is. Od. to 2s. per dozen ; cabbagOB, Is. to 5s. per dozon ; carrots, Is. to Is. Od por dozen bundies ; cauliflowors, 1B. to 8s. por dozon ; color}', 2s. to 4s. per dozon Inmchos; cress, curled. Od. per dozen bunohoB ; cress, water, Od. per dozon hutiohos ; garlic, 4d. por Ib. ¡ horsoradlsh, 2a. to 0s. por dozon Mick« ; leek, Od. to 1«. per dozen buuehos ; lettuce, 6d. to lu. per dozon ; marjoram, Is. por dozon Lunches ; mint, 2s. por dozon bunohos; onions, dried, Sa. to 12a. per owt. ; onions, groen, 4d. to Od. por dozon bunchoB; parsley, Is. to Is. Od. por dozon bunches ; parsnips, Is to 2i. por dozen bunches ; potatoos, 8s. Od. to 4s. Oil, per ovv u; potatoos, now, 0s. to 12e. per owt. ; pumpkins, 4s. tu 8s. por llorón; radishes, Gd. per dozen bunches ; sago, Od. to Is. per dozen bunches; bavoys, Is. Oil. to 2s. par dozen ; shallots, 4d. per lb. ; spinach, 2d. por lb. ; tliymo, Od. per dozon bunches ; turnips, 0d. to Is. Gd. per dozen bunches. Fiults.-Apples, 3d. to 4d. per Iii.; orangoa, Od. to le. per dozon ; pears, 2d. to Gd. pirlb. Dalry Produce.-Buttor, 8d. to lOd. por lb.; cliooto, lid tu lOd. pot lb.; ducks, 6s. to 0s. por pair ; eggs, Od. to lid. per dozen ; geoso, 8s. to 0s. Ou. por pair ; hens, 4s. to 5s. nor pair ; honoy, 8il. por lb. ; pigeons, Is. Od. to 2s. Od. por pair; pork, 7d. to 8d. por lb, ; rabbits, 1B. Od. to 2s. Od. por pair ; sucking plga, 6a. to 7a. each ; turkoyu, 10J. to 18s. per pair ; bama, 1B. per lb. ; bacon, lOd. per lb. LIVE BTOQK. FllIDAY, Slül'T. 9. Messrs. DAIMAHOY OAMI'IIKLT, and Co. roport: " rat Cattlo.-During tho past tour wcoks tho num- bers forward have boon quito equal to reqtilroniouta, and iicaily tho wholo of tho supply haB bcon from tho north, somo of tho lota bolng much wasted. I'rlcos havo slightly rocolcd, through the warmer woathor aird lncreasod supply ol this season's lambs, host beef bohiguow worth 20s. tn 22s Od. perlOOIb. Our nalOB this week aro-231 head fur Mows. Sams Brothors, Chchhuntatatloii, Bulloo Uiver, Qu«on«land, bu'looka aiomgluu£87s.ld.,cows£5 18s. Od. (this draft travelled fully 1,100 milos to maileet); 94 bullocks for Mr. W. llnbcrtson, Colac, at £8 Is. ; and 210 bullocks fur Moiars. Blggo and Co.,Clavoiton Station, delivered on tho Murray, at £7 por hoad. Fat Sheep -This markst has beon supplloü with abeut 80 000 «hoop, prlnclpuly from inverina, and quotations aro Is por head under last month's currouclos, through tho MM In tho prlco of wool rocolved by last mall ; nuil although wo expect increased supplies, twin* to tho favourable season, thoro although wo expect Increased ?ujfP¡|"> °£î? to tho favourable season, «'«re win J» l0*$£ demand for «cod mutton at »bout lid.pHb. tgjto acmanu lor gouu u.u.wu .","-'--;,-. »"ii flaco« nlng purposes. We quote l>f,n7^T'j"",T, up to 12,. Od.; do., ewer,. 8.. to T. J°%°"""thor. ÄÄ RttiïiïSA ii 1«* OS. io l!a. Gd. (being the highest average of tho week) ; 2.40 j ewcB and wethers for Mr. Wm. Taylor, Euston, tho wethers at 10s. to 10s. Od., ewas 8s. to 8s. Gd ; 1,043 owos and wethers, mixed lot, from tho Murray, at GB. Gd. . to 12s.; 803 for the Hon W. J. T. Olarko, Bockbank, at 11s. ; and also outside of |tho niarko , 2,800wolhere for Messrs. J. and J Phelps, albemarle, at tho Melbourno average ; and 1,100 for Ur. O. Ed wick, Serpentine Creek,allia. Storo Stock-AU descrip- tions in brisk domand, and fully late quotations ca i bo readily obtained. Pure Shorthornod Bulla.-Wo this week sold Imperial Butte! fly IV., calved 20-.h AuRUBt, 1860, for Mr. Richard Morton, of Mount Derrimut, to Mr. George Synnot, Cowl Cowl Station, for tbo sum of £147; also tho bull Canadian, calved 18th November, I860, for Messrs. Rltchlo Brothors Gowrie park, to Mr. James Rennick, Springhill, Kyneton, for £7816a." MELBOURNE MONTHLY FREIGHT REPORT. * Messrs. ALVRBD WOOLLEY and Co. rcpo-t:-"It is seldom that wo bavo to rec ird auch a long period of itagnation aa that which has prevailed since the issue of our lost report on tho 13th ult. From the small number of ongagemouts some Idea of thoidullnosi existing may be formed, but if taken in conjunction with the trilling ehlpmouta going forward to Loudon, a clearer estimate will be made of tho unsatisfactory state of business, which baa been further unsettled by the war news to band ou the 23th ult. The paucity of transactions, however, la not altogether lo hy , ascribed to the absauca of all demand for tonnage, ? for in coal freights there appears to bo a bettor feeling, and shippers acorn Bomowbat more anxious to charlo*-, but Bhlpmastora hold back, apparently In hopea of securing better latea than thoso now offering. For London tho Sussex and Highflyor have cleared with cargoes of general produce, and rather loss than tho averago number of passengers, besides tho Corono, with troops and a tilfllng quantity of cargo, Tho berth is now occupied by the Turkish Eruplro, Claii ranald, Quinteros, Hampshire and Agamemnon, be- sides laverai of the regular wool ships still waiting for tho new clip, which, owlug to the cmtinuanco of wen weather, Is muchiretarded, and likely to be so until a peimanent chango for tho bolter takos placr. The Turkish Empire and Clanranald aro noarly ready for soa, but tho others aro not likely to make any'rapid progresa towards completion of loading until next mail arrives, tho nows of a Conti- nental war by last advices having given riso to an ia creaso in the rata ol premium (viz , 2} per cent, addi- tional upon homow-rd cargoes In British shlpt), aWbloh must necessarily have a depressing effect upon ?hipmcats to Lit don. Ratrs of freight are, ho TO vor, disposed to advanco somewhat, and tula will pribably lead to a gonerul riso, from tbo fact thatJNorth.Gormau and French vessels v lil be oxcluded lrom tho carry ing trade, and posalbly other Continental voséela as woll, to a greater or lesser oxtont. In Iho freight market very llttlo business is doing, but it Is expected that a very Jargo quantity of case meats will shortly be going forward. The charters which havo tiansplrcd aro as follow :-Wimmera (1003>, Newcastlo to Calcutta and back to Holbjurno. £3 800 lump Bum for tho round ; J. M. Joshua (1,147), Ade- laide to London, on private terms ; N. Thoyor, (681), Newcastle tu Hong Kong, 21s. por ton ; Quosteuibuic (350), Newcastle to Java and back to tho colontos, 60s. on tho round. The moat noticeable feature of tho mouth la the dopaituro of tho steamships Alhambra and Auckland with passengora and cargo to Fiji, to which islands attention has of lato been much directed ; but we think it extromoly dou' tf I If such an exten- sion of our ateam traillo can ho regularly maintained. Wo noto the dopaituro of tho Eaton Hall, Dharw er, and Polar ¡stuart, for Calcutta, the lurmer direct, with coal, lioraeB, and copper, and tho two lattor Tlft Fremautlo, W.A. Tno Ravonscrag has gone On to Nowcastlt to load coal on ahlp'a account, aud tho auxiliary s.a. Cleator proceeds to sama port to tako in crol for Hong Kong. The Isabol'a and Uuldtaxo, recently artlvcd vith cargoes of gua o from Malden Island, roturn again to load, um meter under charter for Europe Freight.-Quotations for coal, at which chartere may bo obtaluod, aro :-To Bbanehal, 24s. ; Hong Kong, 20s ; Calcutta, 15s. ; Ban Francisco, 20s. ; aud Bombny, 21s. To London Wool, {d. to Jd. per lb. ; loather, Id. por lb. ; eve gooda, 26s. to 30a per ton measurement ; tallow, 26s to 30«. per ton ; copper, la. per ton." UrB. Du BUBB reporta :-" Sinco da'a of my la-t circular of 13th ult. busluess In freights to Great Britain has boon characterised by the samo tono of dulneaB willoh thon prevailed, no chango worthy of noto having taken placo, ratea of freight being as low aa thoy woil can bo, and the amount of produce offer- ing for ahipmont being upon tbo most ínosgro scale. During the month four ships have boen despatched for Loudon-viz., the Corona, Sussex, Highflyer, and Clanranald, tho former, however, with but a vory limited quantity of merchandise a' most all her cargo spaco being occupied by tho troops recently orderod homo by the Imperial Government, Thoro are now four ships ou tho berth for tho above port, comprising tho Turkish Eic Íiiro, Quinteros,, Hampshire, and Agamemnon, tho ormcr on tho ovo of Balling, tho otbora slowly filling .op, Tho wool soasan of 1870 bolng now rapidly np proaching, tho requirements of shippers of that «tapie are being anticipated, and arrangements have airca ly been niado tor a fair amount of tonnage to load iho first receipt« of tho now clip, the following Buporior elipror «hips bolng arranged for to tako the berth, viz. :-The Ascalon, Macdui!, Loch Lovon, Moravian, City of Vienna, and Lanarkshire embracing In tho aggregate somo 6,700 tons roglstor, which howovor (a considerably bolow tho average amount of tonna<a laid on at samo period for eovoral roars paat; bulli ia probable that an augmentation will be made during the ensuing month, thoro being Boveral large ships of u Bultablo class in the bay disengaged, and other« shortly expected to arrive ; and besides, the exceptional long continued wot eoason wo aro still oxperlonolng makes it evident that ourshlpmonta of tho now clip will bo later of commencing than has been tho ono forsoveral foimor joarB; consequently thoro ia llttlo doubt but that ample tonnage will bo aval1 »bio, both at lue cornrnonceraoni as wall aa during ilia season, for all requirements: As an Indication of this fooling on the part of consignees it may bo stated that two of our traders-viz., the J. M. Joshua and tho Wimmera hitherto chiefly employed lu llio dlrcot trade out nnd homo, havo left our watora, tho former prccoodlug to Adelaide to load for Lindon, undor an ongago moHt on tarma kept private ; and the latter, vlfl ^Qwçatjtlo, with coala to Calcutta, returning to this port. Iho startling and unexpected nowa re- ceived by tbo mail from England, ou 30th ult., of war having hrokon out between Franco and Prussia, has naturally unsettled our gonoral freight markot, with- out, however, affecting thoso previously current to England, tho present quotations by going ships being id. for greasy, and gd, for acourod wool ; tallow, 20a. to 25s. ; loather, 27s. Od. to 80s. per20cvvL ; presorvod meats, In cosas, 26a. par 60 cubic foot. With rospcot to tho ratea of freight likely to " le during tho coming Boason, unless England Bho. i bo involvod in tho present European disturbances, it la oxpectod tbat id. foi greasy, and gd. for acourod wool, and propoitlonatoly for othor artlcloa of produco, will continuo to bo about tho current ruling ratai. Tho chartering bvulnoss effected sinco departure of lost mall has boon limited, vory few transactions having transpired ; but thero ia to bo noted that of Iho French barque Qucstembort, with coals, from Newcastlo to a port In Java, to roturn from thence with sugar, at 60s, tor tho round ; and tho British ship Wimmera, aa previously rcferrod to, with coat from Nowcaatlo to Calcutta, and back to this port with produce, consisting chiefly of rico at a lumpsum, tho amount of which has, howover, boen kept prlvato. In coal freights tho buBinoss effected baa boen upon tbo moat limited Bcalo, tho only ongagomont falling to bo reported being that of tho Nicholas Thayer, at 21B to Hong Kong from Newcastle In this depart- ment of businosa tho following flgurea aro procurable vlr. :-Hong Kong, 20s.; Shanghai. 23s.; Bombay, 24s ; Gallo, 16a. To load guauo at Maiden Maud no now engagements havo beon niado ; but in terms of lior original charter party, tho Nortvoglati ship Guldfaxe, just arrived from thenco with a full cargo of tho manure procured from tbat Island, will again proceod thoro in tho Interest* of Ita proprietors, Mossra G rice, Sumnor, and Co,, to load for a p»rt In tbo Uni tod King- dom. Nothing has been dono in taking up tonnago for the transport of boree« to ludia, but this being a trado which appears bound to increase, and tho atten- tion of our breeders of stock having for somo timo past been dovotod to It, wo shall no doubt shortly witness a revival, accompanied by a spirited aud con- stant trade. Tho Intercolonial trado generally is do froBBod, and thoro aro no salos of shipping tobe noted. t will bo noticed that tho proBcnt circular is accom- panied by a Bupplement comprised of oxcorpU from the}* logs' of »hipa rocontly arrived hore from fonlgn ports; and, In explanation, I beg to stato that I havo boen inducod to add this additional matter from tho fact of tho Important trade of this port having for nomo timo past fattractod tha atten- tion of tho principal shipowners, not only of Great Britain, and of otbor Europoan marítima coun- tries, BB woll as those of tho United States, whoso moat valuable and roccntly-construotod clipper «hips compriso our regular Indera direct out and homo, but alao thoso of a »imllar class dosllnod to load homo from ports in India and China, to which from Ulta freights aro almost alwaya procurablo Auothor consideration has also weighed, vU.-tho well-known interest folt at tho prosont timo by ship- owners, shipbuilders, and mon of aolonce, through- out tho countries abovo reforrod to, In tho ilmo occu- pied on tho passage tbo parallols of latltudo passed through, the weather oxporioncod, So., by «hip« cn gagod in tho navigation of tho Southern, Eastern, and China Seaa. In tho hope that thia attempt to placo Information beforo my frlond«, and thoso lnterestod in shipping and tolontlflo mattera relating thereto. 1 |a handy and conella form (which hitherto could only bo procured by laboriously rcforrlng to tho dally jour- nal»), will bo appreciated, it la my Intention, In tho meantime, to continuo tho sarao for tho future ai an accompaniment to my usual freight circular." MELBOURNE WOOL REPORT. Tim LONDON AND AUBTIULIAN AOINCY COHPOBATION LiHvrrm tumlBh tho following report for transmission par R.M.8. Avoca :-" Wool.-During the paat month about 120 baloa havo boen sold by auction, consisting of fellmongers and small lota, exclusivo «f tho now clip. Tho news by tho mall causod a dooli no on the fow woola «loco offered In our markct.and both buyora and ownor» aro at presont unwilling to opcrato, tho owner« not bolng dosiroua to sell at tho reducad «aloa. Tho next mall la looked forward to anxiously SP.n»M.i 'te* Jny aa,M ol Importanco will aîrlv?.î l" ...3° Dr.l* P;"01 ol «"' »oaaon'a wool ñrobabülív Ä"°n ,th0,2!lh u"-'bu* ther0 ta °"ry noavy nooda In moat parta of tha colony, and the country. bolng ao soft and boggy a» w nrocluda thô possibility of mustering; al.o?K0" ot ïtata of îho flooco »111 defer »hearing to'somo oxUm" Tha few «ample« already recclvou! of tho now clip aro verv Bound ""id wo) grown, and It la expected tnat a largo portion wl 1 be shorn In the groase. Wa quoto list month'« prlceB, which aro. howovor. subject to raduo- I tlon, tliuro being aa yo tno transactions tn tho new din Quotations.-Greasy, inferior, 4d. to 6Jd ; do., me- dium, Gd. lo 7d. ; do, good, 7ji\ to OJd. ; »11 pa inferior, Gd. to 7d.; do., medium, 7}d. to Od.; do., good, Pjd. to 12id. ; scoured, inferior, Od. to 104. ; do., medium, lOJd. to 13d. ; do., good, 18Jd. to lOJd.; do., «uporlor, 17d. to 21d.; fleace, Interior, roodlum good, and superior, nono offering. The ship- ments of the month amount to 2,128 batos. The following thlpi havo cleared (Ince our last, vii : Augu»t 10,Corona, 10 baloa; August 20, Susasx,030 bales ; August 27, Highflyer, 1,433 baloa; total. 2,123 bala« ; to which add previous shipment«, 204,837bald ; total, 207,010 bale«. Tho weekly «blpmonta have been mt follow«, ths :-For tha wook ending Auguit 13 71,8621b.. valuo £4 040 ; tor tho weok ending Auitu t 20, 100,2101b.. value £10.676; tor tho week ending August 27, 410,0541b., value £26 481; for tbo wo.k ending Soptomber 3, nil ; total, 642,6221b., valuo £40,000; to which and previous thlpmonU from Sop- tomber 11, I860, to Au.iiut 0, 1870, 43.710,8171b., value £2 703 709 ; total 49 302 8091b., value £2 831,705. Tallow.-An average supply has come Into the market, which baa been disposed of at rates in a few instances in favour of tho buyers. Wo quote-Mutton, £36 to £37 7s 6d.; mixed, £32 to £35; beef, £32 to £35, according to quality and condition. Tho shipments of the month aro 1,141 caskB and 10 tankB. Hldon.-\ good competition has been maintained, which has bcon mut by a fair supply. Green hides reallso from 14s. to 25s. Od. each; «ot-salted. 8Jd. to 8jjd. per lb. ; calf- skins, 4d. to 6d. per lb , theso being eagerly bought tin. Sheepskins-The prices of thoso havo he<-n effected by tbo fall In value of wool, and the reduction has bcon from Gd to 12d. per skin, according to s'ze and quality. The skins now coming forward aro mostly prime heavy-woolled. Green skins realise from 2s. 01. to 5s. each ; dry station skins from 4d. to 6}d. per 1». Grain.-Our sales during tho month havo boon well attended. Tho following prices havo beon obtained for consignments:-Wheat, 6s. 7d ts Gs. per bushol ; cats, 8s. Od. per bur-hel ; flour, £12 to £12 10s. per ton ; peàs and tares, 4s Od. to 5s. por bushel." Messrs. B, OoiiVBBBonan and Co report :-" Wool. Ko sales of any Importance have beon held In this market during the month, only about 200 bales, con- sisting principally of country sooured, having changed hands altogether. We havo recotvod into storo Bovoral Instalments of the new clip, and havo advices of o til or lots being on route. It is almost premature to givo an opinion SB to the condition of tho now clip ; but what wo havo Been is well grown and sound, and wo think there is every prospect of our having a heavy well- conditioned clip. The supply of water Is exceptionally largo, from tho hoavy rains which have fallen all over the country, and wo may therefore r-xpoot a largor proportion nf washed wool, nnd a docided improvement in the get up of the clip generally this season' The weather continues to bo very uneottlod In tho Rlvorino dis- tricts, ond shearing operations aro progressing vory slowly. On account of the unsatisfactory nature nf the news roccived by the last English mai1, thero will bo very little business transacted In this market till after the arrival of next tna'l. Tbo following ships havo cleared with wool during the month :-August 10-Corona, 10 bales; 20-Sussex, 080 bales ; 27-Hlr-'liflyer, 1,433 hales ; Soptember 8 Olanranald, 1,858 bales; total, 8,081 bales.; to which add previous shipments, 204,668 bales, making a total of 208 649 bales. Tho corresponding period of last year, 217 036 bales, show log a decrease of S 457 bale.". Wo give tho following na being the nominal prie, B current:-Greasy- Ordinary; 6d. to 7d.; avoraco to good. 7d. to 8(1.; good to superior, 8d. to lOd. Fleece -Ordinary, lOd. to Is.; average to good, la. to Is. Id ; good to suporior (none offering), Is. 3d. to Is. Od. Scoured-Ordinary, lOd. to Is. Id.; good, 1B. in. to Is. 4d.; good to superior, Is. 4d. to l8. O'. Hides.-There has been a largo supply during tho month, which was readily disposed of. Prices have remained very firm, any alteration being in favour of the Boilers. Well-conditioned wot salted aro worth from 8Jd. to 4d. per lb. Green hklon, hoavy weighs, from 18s. to 25s.; light weights from 12s. to 18s. oneil. CalffkinB aro telling from 4d. to 6d. per lb, Tallow. This market has been well supplied during the month. Wohavo8oId 7i0piDos by auction, atslfghtlylowerprioes than thoso rulliitr last month, the unsatisfactory nowa received by tbo last mail cawing tho difforence. Thero la, howover, a good Inquiry, and all that comea for- ward 1B readily disposed of. Wo quote-best mutton, £87 10s. per ton ; ordinary to good do.. £35 16s. to £30 15s ; crood beef, £30 ; avorago to good do., £34 to £36 10s.; inferior to ordinary, £32 10s. to £34. Tho following shipments havo boen made during the month : -AugUBt 10-Corona, 405 casks ; 20-Sussex, 406 casks ; 27-Higbflyor, 274 casks ; Soptember 8-Olanranald, 1,077 catks. Total, 2,221 casks. Kangaroo Skins. Wo havo very fow Inquiries, and only tho best skins aro saleable at satisfactory prices. Wo havo sold small, from 3s. to 6s. ; ordinary, from 6s. to 0s. ; and largo, from 10s to 15s. per dozen." Mesara. HABTIKO» CUXINOUAM and Co. report: "Wool.-Slnco the last mail loft there has beon verv llttlo business dono In this market. Tho news of the serious disturbances in Europa brought by the EngllBh mall that arrived horo on the 80th ult., havo caused quotations to recedo from 1 jd. to 2d. per lb. Tho continued wet weather pro vents shearing operations commencing, and from all present appoaranccs we think that very llttlo of tho now clip will reach London In timo for tho February sales, the arrivala in town to data bolng Inconsiderable During tbo month greasy sold at from Od, to 7Jd. per lb. ; scoured from 121. to 18d. ; and fleece from 12d. to lOd. per lb. Tho shipments sinco last report aro as follows :~ From Hobeon'a Bay -Corona, 10 bales, cleared 10th August; Sussex, 080 balee, cloarod 20th August; Highflyer, 1.433 bales, cleared 27th August; Clon raralc, 1,868 bales, c!oared 8thSeptembor; total 8 981 balCB; proviouB ehlpments, 203 820 balea. The ship- ments from 1st October, 1869 to 8th Soptember. 1870, 207,801 bales ; corresponding period, 1808 69, 220.688 do.; 1867-08, 204.202 do. ; 1806 07.100,618 do. Tho Turkiih Empire is about to sall and will take from 1,000 te 1,200 bales. Rhcoptklns.-During tho month a largo amount of buslnesB boa bcon done, and until tbo arrival of tho English mail vory high prices wero ruling, but of lato wo noto a doclino of price of from Gd. to 12d. each on butchers' greon skins. Dry station skins aro now worth from 4}d. to Gd. per lb. Hides.-In this market thoro has been good competi- tion and tho prices obtained aro In advance of tho quotations reported last month. Hoavy weights brought from ¿0), to 20s. each, light wofghta from 12s. to 17s. each, and calfekinB from 4d. to OJd. per lb. Tho shipments per Olanranald amount to 1.401 hides. Tallow.-Wo have again to report a firm markot, prices during tho month having boen well maintained. Wo dtspoBod of a largo quantity at from £36 to £37 7s. Gd. por ton for mutton, and from £33 to £86 per ton for mixed. The shipments this month amount to 2,221 casks and 10 tanks. Kangaroo Skins. -Tho supply brought forward during tho month was small, and the prices obtained rango from Is. to 25s. per dozen, according to size and condition," SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CMIA&AKOES; SIKCK OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British ; A., Amorican ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., Froncu ; Oh., Chinan; P., Portuguese; II., Hamburg; Ha, Hanovorian ; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North Gorman, S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., Bremon ; Pr., Prussian ; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b,, barque ; br., brig; se, eclioonor ; s.s., Bteamcr.] Aug. ARRIVED. 13\. Macedon, B, s.s. (undor canvas), 631, T. J Tavornor, Liverpool.-Bright Brothora and Co. 13\. K. Thayor, A. b., 686, Robt. S. Crosby, Boston. Newo'l and Co. l8. Alula, 8. b" 662, M. Berner, Froderickstadt.-W. 3\. Greig and Co. 18\. Hampshire, B. s., 1,146, R. Rldgori, London.-W. P. Whit» and Co. 19\. Agamemnon, B. s., 1,481. Richard Marsden, London.-J. H. Whlto and Co. 19\. Loch Leven, B. a., 1,200, Wm. Bransoombo, Glas- gow.-Alex. Hadarían and Co. 19\. Moravian, B. a., 908, Honry Ayllug, London. Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 27\. City of Vienna, B. a., 999, James M'Donald, Lon- don.-Alox. Macfarlan aud Co. 27\. Henry Adderley, B. b., 687, Chas. Hartmann, Burma's Inlol.-Francis and M'Pborson. 27\. Tonta, D. s" 763, O. Johan, Rotterdam.-Bligh and Barbottlo. 28\. Akbar, A, a , 905, Ohaa. W. Lameon, New York. B. TOWDB and Co. 20\. Western Emplro, B. a., 1,245, Jos. Clark, London. -Wm. Crosby and Co. 80\. Oloator, B. s.S., 817, J. Wolfo, Foo-cbow-foo. Loilmor, Marwood, and Romo. 30, Geelong, R.M.S.B., 1,217, R, T. Dundas, Point do Gallo.-F. B. Kondall. Sept. 1\. Margaret Crockard, B. se, 109, W. B. Godfroy, Honolulu.-E. Holmos. t. Isabella, B. br., 266, J. Webster, Holden Island. Gricc, Sumner, and Co. 4\. Lanarkshire, B. s., 1,439, Evan Williams, London. -Holmos, Whlto, and Co. 6\. Varuna, B. s., 1,818, J. O. Claro, London-Bright Brothers and Co. 6\. Guldfaxo, N. a., 003, A. Larsen, Maldon Island. Grlco, Sumner, and Co. 6\. Holdl, B. b.. 418 A. Dannborg, Gothenburg. AndorBon and Marshall, 6\. Hydra, B. b., 685, Wm. Best. Burrard'« Inlet, V.l.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 8\. Waterlily, B. se., 51, J. Brown, Starbuck Island. Alex. Macfarlan and Co. Aug. cLtunro orr. 14\. Malt«,, R.M.S.S., 1043, N. J. Skottowe, Point do Galle.-F. R. Kendall. 10\. Competitor, B. .., 734, K. Matthew», Anjor.-Lord and Co. 19\. Corona, B. »., 1,109, Hy. Bates, London,-W. Crosby and Co 20\. Dharwar, B. »., 1,800, Thoa. Freebody, Oaloutta via Fremantle-Alex. Macfarlan and Co BO. Suasox. B. B., 000, J. D. Collard, London.-W. P. Whito aud Co. 28\. Alhambra, B. s.a., 407, J. M'Loan, FIJI Island«. M'Mockan, Blackwood, and Co. 24\. Wlmmora.B. a., 1,000, J. E, Coopor, Calcutta, vin Nowcastlo.-Holme», Whlto, and Co. 26\. North Star, A. br., B. 8. Hatch. Honolulu, rift No ircastlc-Osborn, Crashing, and Co. 20\. Questombort, F. b., 850, J. Gulllbrand, Java, via Newcastle-S. Do Beor. 27.-Highflyer, B. «., 1,012, W. Harrison, London.-J. H. Whlto and Co. 30\. Nlcolaa Thayor, B. b., 684, B. S. Crosby, Hong Kong, via Nowcaatlo.-Newell and Co. 81\. Eaton Hall, B. a , 1,770, Thoa. Meamard, Calcutta. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. Sept. 3\. Potar Stuart, B. a , 1,447, Geo. Duncan, Calcutta, vifl Fremantle-Vlrgoo, Son. and Co. J. Alexandra, B. a., 808, E. J. Kooron, Callao, Bright Brothora and Co. _ Ö. Merrie Monarch, B. a., 1,807, R. G. Uren. Callao. -Dickson, Williams, and Co. 9\. Olanranald, B. a., 1,186, R. Boden, London.-Alox. Macfarlan aud Co. ".. - _, 0\. Turkish Emplro, B. a., 1.601. J. n. Barolay, Lon- don.-W. Crosby and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLO- NIAL PRODUCE. ADO. 14. MalU, R.M S.S., for Point do Galle.-1 truss news- papers, 1 casa pictures, 1 box document«, 06 baga flour. 1 case Jewellery, i packages planta, 0 paokagea building materials 4 oases seed), 6 packages potatoos, 2 cases apples, 1 package samples, 0 tiercea beef, 1 Ïiackago wine, 1 package nama and bacon, 1 »ackago Ive rabbits, i package .pcctmeni, 1 package charla, 6 packages company's parcela. i Ana. 19. noCorïnV»!or landon.-io bales wool, 830 casoa meat ïfifïf'Af ^pF?*etvod meats, 00 pipes 406 casks tallow, 89 bal« leather. Aco. 20. Surseir, for London.- 080 bales wool 100 halnn leather. 406 cask, tallow, fUcukï^io^p^oWed meats, 902 bags antimony ore, 486 ¿loikTreguT, anti moiy. 1.678 bag. copper or« 14 cask, blMksand,7 casks slag, 4 bale, pell«, 6 bundle, gluo piece*. 22 D,iv age. effecti, 12 quarwjr-cuk« lloue« wlne.Scasra stuffed animals, 6 casca ol), 2 caaes painter*' material. 16 packages sundries. ? Dbaiwar, lor Calcutta, via Fremantle.-6 cues plants, 7 cases furniture. 14 cask* soap making ma- terials, 105 boxes soap, 10 half-barróla dried apples, 6 tuba butter, 300 bags flour, 24 packages pollard, 17 coila rope, 125 bales hay, 12 packages sundries, 00 package, provisions. ACÓ 23. Alhambra, for Fiji IslandB.-li ? isci wino, 8 bMxes raisins, 7 packages agricultural iüiMimonts, 0 case« machinery, O caseB drugs, S case p, "jet fed mi_.< 3 tons foddor, 3 packages sundries, S horses, Ana. 27. Highflyer, for London.-1.433 b-.lev wool, 232 ba'os leather, 7 bales kangaroo skin«, 6 balls pelt«, 1,460 casca 40 casks preserved meats, * I casks 10 tanks tallow, ISO casks molasses, 120 tons copper oro, 30 tons antimony, 0 casks tailings, 3 eve basils, 7 caliea books, 1 cask sweeping«, 13 cases 8 boxes 2 packages S parcel« sundries. Ano. 81. Eaton-hall, for Calcutta,-2,000 rail way sleepers, 70 tona 260 bales hay, 2,200 bushels bran, 2,416 cvkta copper, 1,001 tons coal, 149 horse?. 8KPT. 3 Peter Stuart, for Calcutta, via Fremantle.-86 tona hay, 0G0 tons coal. FEIT. 0. Clanranald, for London.-1,858 l'aléa wool, 1 077 CSBI B tallow, 20 logB timber, 120 rnouldboarda.i 120 solo plates, 57 caaes gums, 3 cases tailby gooda, 42 cases lard, G caska roans, 107 bundlea fl>x, 1,237 casca pre- served meat«, 170 bales basils, 32 li .lo« glue pieces, 10 bales paperhangings, 160 balo« sheepskins, 11 bates kangaroo skins, 101 bundles potts, 2,??0 bags 112 pack- ages bark, 70 bundlea leather, 63 balus rags, 1,401 bines', 0 packages skins, 20,000 hornB, 181 toni bonos, a quan- tity of hoof», 8 packages sundries. Turkish Empiro, for London.-1,175 balos v?ool, 186 bales flax, 68 kegs butter, « bilei skins 807 btga bark, 14 casks sperm oil, 1,010 paokoaes "'Hopped bark, 130 tonB copper oro. 2 bile» baMls^ 1,303 caska 14U pipes tallow, 6 tons 73 packeges Bliank Ix.nes, l8 park ages trotter bones, 11,684 horns, G2 bundlon pel'Ji, 000 Ingot« Bpelter, 220 bundlos leather, 212 packages to- bacco, 6,017 cases 80 caska 420 boxes pretorvtd menta, 8 packageB sundries. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FRIDA-Y, SEPT. 9. Amount of Loan. I £ 1000000 800000 100000 10000 60000 80300 185100 163300 100000 20000 0000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 0 jwr ct nt. ?? Ï7} Viet Gov eminent (local), 5 per cent., ii . ' 10 Melbourne Corporation, 0 por cent. 105a JJI'1 Ballarat Water. 8 per cent.,. . - Ballarat Municipal, G por cent. .. - Collingwood Gas, 0 ptir cent. ., ' - Melbourno Gas, 7 po- cent. - Melb. £? H. 5. l/nltod, a por cent Do., 7 per cent. D )., 0 per cent. Do., 6 per cent. .. ,, Nek on (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per crnt. Ohuro Provincial Gov.. 8 ver cont. PÏ-01 107 110 437600 220000 100800 600000 1000000 500000 60000 80000 24008 14800 66000 2080 24430 210000 126000 26000 40000 10250 100000 40000 100000 58370 17876 87500 12333 12000 7000 82840 634700 Pl'ULIO COJU'ANIKS. £ I JUNKS. 61 Bal. Bankg. (limit) l| Do., now IBSUO . 7 Colonial of Austral, 4 Commercial of Aus. | tralla (limited) .. 2Molb. Bank Corpo I ration (limited).. 4 National of Austral, 20NewSouth Wales.. "BliVictorIa(Mel.reg.l " 11 Do. (London reg.) 2iLond Mortgage .. I OAB COUÍAMKS. 7 Ballarat 6 Bendigo 6 Castlemaine 6Collingw'd&Flt2roy; 0 Daylcbford (limited) 4 Geelong .. .. 2) f 5 V Melbourno ?( 10,i I I 1NSTJILA.SCB. 2J Austral. Fire & Mar. Australasian Lifo .. Australian Allianco. National Fire Inaur. Southern Insurance Victoria Lifo &GenJ; Victoria Fire & MAT. | lllSCKIiLAKF.OUS. I Bendigo Watcrwork| GippsLnd. SteamN.i Marítimo & Genoral CrcdltCo. (Limit.) Melb. Mcat-Prearvg. MolbournoExch'ngo Studloy Park Bridge Victorian Ice Warrenheip Distlly. RAILWAYS. I Mclb.&Hob.BayUd.l; i.ast eVv. per cent. per annum. 10 8 G 10 :o 16 10 10 12 0 6 12 S 8 8 10 ÏÔ )C lu S m Closing PriccB. £ } 71-8* 8J-89 6'/li| 87,( ¡¡71-371 46Js-47is 11-12 SÎ4 *& 161e 17a. 80,1. 3s -3is. 2O;V'JI>. ' äJ-3 f.6-28 32s.-34a 1J-1J 4J-5 17 MINES. 560 8000 2000 2100 2000 2500 4400 1600 4000 4000 8200 2600 2600 466 12800 SSaS 6000 2600 4032 G44S DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL, Band of Bono and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Brcak-o'-Day, Hokowood .. Qrtat Northern Junction, Ballarat . Galatea, Scarsdale .. Golden Stream Golden Horn, Springdallah.. Golden Lake, Scarsdale ' .. Grand Trunk, Ilappy VUloy Great Gulf, Ballarat .. Í Do., new issue .. J Koh-i-noor, Ballarat j-Leviathan, Ballarat Magnum Bonum, Maryboro'. Park, Ballarat. Prinço of Wolca, Ballarat .. St. Gcorgo and Sand oí Hopo Sadowa, Talbot ,, Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat United Albion and Prince of Wales, Ballarat .. Wellington, El Dorado Closing Trues. Els -10s. 00-08 ti-« !'ï 50 253.-209. 7Î-7Ï 7-71 7-3 6S-5Ï ItHi I3f.-16l. NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 2600 8 1000 8 1000 - 4000 5 8600 5 4600 6 6000 20 6000 10 7000, 5 2600 4 8000 5 7000 2 4400 G 6400 30 12800 IO 4000 6 2500 10 1080! - Albion Consol«, Ballarat .. All Saints', Ballarat .. Ballarat & Bendigo, Huntly. Durham, Ballarat Do., profèrent Do., now Emperor. Ballarat Great Extended, Eldorado .. Do., Contributing .. Great North-Weat, Ballarat.. Do., now . Inkermann and Durham, Bal, Melbourne and Avoca, Avoca Nightingale, Ballarat North Paru, Ballarat Prince Imperial .. United Hand-ln-Hand and) Band of Hope, Ballarat, I United Ovona Gold and Tin, \ Eldorado ./ United Suburban. Ballarat.. Winter'sFroohold, Ballarat.. 12«.-12}s. 2a.-Sa. 200 Si-i 243.-255. 133.-153. 2} 0Js.-7a. 3«.-is. 7-7Î DIVIDEND QUARTO. 22500 80 10000 10000 2200 1000 20000 8540 2480 2600 66600 1080 1200 82000 2000 12000 10054 1710 16044 14000 24000 21000 12006 G040 23100 28000 28000 12000 1200 - 20870 10578 10000 1800 2400 620 2060 20000 2400 28876 16000 22000 8000 1000 2400 22600 1 10881 10 2000 10 2600, - 4400, 10 80000 1 060 40 20274 1 G00 26 4800 - 20000 1. Alliance, Bendigo Advanco Bendigo Agamemnon, Bendigo Ajax, Castlcmaino Albion, Steiglitz All Nations, Matlock.. Argua, Bendigo Al Costlo Roof, Wood's Pt.., Black-hill, Ballarat .. Block II orso. Egorton Catherine Beef United Claim holders, Bendigo .. Clunes, Clune« CluncB United, Clunes 1} Comot, Bendigo Costerfield, Hcathcoto Derby, Maldon Eaglehawk Aaso., Maldon .. Do. Preference, Maldon _ Do. Union, Maldon .. Ellesmere, Bendigo ÍEnergetic, Bendigo .. Golden Ago, Bendigo | Grand Junction, Maldon j "GreatBritain, Bendigo " Gt. Extended Ilustrar*«, Bon. Hercules, Bendigo ., Hopo, Wood's Point ., . Hunte, Wood'a Point . Hustler's Hoof, Bendigo Johnson's Beef, Bendigo .. Lady Barkly, Bendigo Longfellow, Stringer"« Long Tunnel, Stringer's Nelson, Maldon .. Now North Clune» .. Nil Desperandum. Raywood.. North Gipps Land, Strlngcr/a North Hustler's Reef, Bendigo N. Specimen Hill, Bendigo North Johnson's, Bondlgo lied Jackot, Bright .. Royal Standard, Black River. Speculation, Maldon.. St. Mungo. Bendigo .. Spcclmen-iilll, Daylesford . Steiglitz, Steiglitz .. Sultan, Blackwood .. United Happy Valley, Buck- land . Victory, Bondlgo Victoria, Clunes Victoria Gold Mlnaa, Bendigo Walhalla, Stringer1« Creek .. Wallaby, Orowlor's Creek _ Young Chum, Bendigo 7B.-Ö1. 2}s -5«. 6s.-10s. 6-6 0 0} 17s.-18a. 20s.-259. ñ 6s.-61«, 7-71 Sa.-4i, 10S.Ü21«. Ga -7a. 10«. 2«.-ls, Ss.-lO«. 42S.-43«. llB.-llls. 25B.-20S. 538.-6«. lOs.-lls. 8s.-31a. 81 06-100 06^68 7a. 73-8 88.-10I. 81«. Illa. 21 20 6JB.-0S, ¿5l n ¿Si 81s.-32(. 60-00 10S.-128. NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 20000 6000 84000 2000 1600 1020 8000 4800 2000 8000 82000 8040 8200 8600 2100 4000 8200 4C00 8000 4000 4000 2600 2000 8500 4000 40184 20274 8100 Burn'B Reef, Forost Creek Clunes, Great Northern Eoglo, Bendigo Empress, Stringer'« .. Enorgello, Lauriston.. Euroka, Stringer'« Creek Flying Scud .. Hercules, Stringer'« .. lal«, Stuartmill Kangaroo Bob, Egorton Koh-i-noor, Bondlgo.. London & Australian, Clunes Magdala, Pleasant Creek .. Mariner's and Sloan's, do. .. Now Garibaldi, Blackwood .. Newington, Pleasant Creek.. North Cobon'«, Stringer's Ck. Now N. Cohen'«, Stringer's Ck North Clunoa Extension North Clunes Consols, Clunes Oriental. Clunes Queen Victoria, Canadians .. south St. Mungo Seuth Cohen's, Stringer's .. Trojan, Blackwood .. Tubal Cain, Stringer's J). Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla, Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria, Gordon Is.-lJ«. 4s. -4 J«. 8a-is. 0-10 8-81 105.-18». 4«^6s. 8a. -3J«. 8S.-10«. 1MÏ Sa-lOi. 178.-18«. 3J«.-4>. 61-5Î PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. AUG. 14 Malta, R.M.S.S., for Point do Gallo. Passengers saloon :-For King Oeorgo's Sound-Mrs. J. D. Topper, and Mr. II. Brown. For Point de Galle-Mossrs,. W. F. Moore and V. Church. For Bombay-Mr. J. Brown and Mrs. Brown. Fur Calcutta-Mr. and Mrs. W. B. GUI, Mr. and Mrs. It. Robert«, Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Frey berger, Mrs J. B. Gill. Miss Kate Ryder, Messrs. T. B. Bellalr, Middleton. Holloway, Bataan, Ho wo, 0. Deering, Jupp, aud Brldgor. Fur Hong Kong-Dr. Ewing aud Mr. O. Callaghan. For Suez-Mr. Loar. For Marseilles-Mr. and Mrs. Mlnctyhagoa, Messrs. Searlght, Clark, M'Oleod, and Birch. For Southamp- ton-Mrs. Ainslie AUG. 19. Corona, for London Passengers-cabin : Brevet L!eut«nant-Colonel J. H. Rooke and Mrs. Rooke, Major Bishopp, Captain and Mrs. Le Motto, Captain and Mrs. Bourke and two children, Captain B,l/ga, Captain and Mrs. Wray and four children, Captain Thacker, L'eutenant and Mrs. Minuit and threo chil- dren, Lieutenant and Mrs. Dawson and one cbild, Lieutenant and Mrs. Butts and one child, Licutenan-, Milner, Lieutenant Lo Breton ; Enr-igns Burneby, A. J. Milner, Daubeny, and Phillips ; Paymaster Major Heatly, Mrs. Heatly, and »be children ; Staff Assistant Surgeons Jobson and Corbett; Assistant-Purveyor Eldridge, Mrs. Eldridge, and six children ; and 352 non-commissioned officers, men, and women, and 132 children. Aua. 20. SUEBCX, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr aud Mrs. Edward Goldsmith, child, and sorvant, Mr. and Mrs. Ellis Riad, Mre. Collard, Dr. Mnjor. Heran. II. W. Savate, H. w. Savago, jun., N. W. Corbett, Charca Kills, J. W. Croaanian, II. K. Aird, F. Slat- tery, S. Williams ; and 76 in the 'tweon docks. AUG. 23. Alhambra, for Fiji Islands. Passongors-saloon : Mr. and Mrs, Brewer, MIBS Brewer, Charles Brewer, md terrant; Mr. and Mm. Cutbbeit, lli-s Cuth- bert, and Master Cuthbert ; Dr. Macartney, MrB, Macartney, Miss Macartney, Monter Macirtney, and servant ; Mr, and Mrs. Williams, Miss Wil- liams, Miss Annie Williams, and sorvant; Mr. and Mrs. Watti ins, Mr. and Mrs. Baillie and Miss Baillie, Miss E. F. Kelly. MrB. MKee, Mrs. Fitzgibbon, »1rs. Beibringt on, Mr. and Mrs. Grenfell, Dr. Farazyn, Mestrs. J. B. James, Edward Graham, Frank Lovetou B. R. Henry, E. EdkiiiB, Scott, Rydor, jun., W. A. Tcmperley, Halnos, Davidson, Mills, Joske, R. C. Bagot, Proctor, W. M'Douuld, Tozer, Sims, F. J. Clay, Hall, J. F. Byrne, R. D. Ireland, Ingpen, Richard Shinnick, Do Courcy Ireland, Thomas Davldsju, Francis PrimroBO, Byrne; and 60 In the second* cabin. AUG. 27. Highflyer, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr, and Mrs. William S. Drury, Mrs. Cardinal and family (two), Mrs. John Pyrko, Mr. Norman Outhaaite, Master R. Elliott Blako. Mrs. Margaret O'Loughlin and infant, Miss O'Loughlin, Miss Eliza O'Loughlin, Captain Charles Blick, Mr. H. Jefferson Gavvno, Dr. Jackton ; and 70 In the Bocond and third class cabins. SEIT. 9. Olanranald, for London. Parjaengors-cabin : Miss Cutter, Dr. Rees, Captain Lewis; and six in tho second cabin. Turkish Emplro, for London. Passengors-cabin : M. Victor Van Gobbeltehroy and Dr. Bland. GOLD SHIP THAT HAS SAILED. Tbo following is tho only ship taking gold which has sailed from this Dort since tho publication of our last Summary, together with tho quantity and destination : Date of Sailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces. Aug 14 | Malta Gallo 108 278 The total amount of gold exported from the colony since the beginning of the year is 1,004,932 ounces, (if which 169,580 ounces were transhipped from Now Zealand. During the corresponding porlod of the previous year the entire quantity exported vvriB 1,145,170 ounces, and of this total 154,076 ounces wero from New Zealand. 