PRUSSIA—ITS HISTORY. (From the Maitland Mercury.) A CORRESPONDENT has kindly furnished us with a brief history of Prussia, abridged by him from the Encyclopedia Britannica, with an addition by himself. It may be of in- terest just now, when it has become a ques- tion for argument whether or not the rapid success of Prussia will bring out a love of conquest, dangerous to the peace of Europe. The past history of the country will throw some light on the probabilities of such re- sult, for or against. The germ—the agglomerating nucleus— of the present kingdom of Prussia is the province of Brandenburg, which was at first a marquisate, in later times an electorate, and then ennobled by giving to Prussia its present dynasty of Hohenzollern monarchs. Brandenburg at the beginning of the Christian era was inhabited by Teutonic or German tribes. When the migrations of the Scandinavians and Teutonic tribes—com- monly know as the Northern Hive—had thrown these hordes of sturdy barbarians upon the south of Europe, the abandoned territories of Brandenburg were occupied by Slavonic races, who spread themselves west- wards as far as the Elbe. To protect their frontiers from those foreign races the kings of Germany established in the ninth century a line of military colonies, under the charge of Markgrafs, or Wardens of the Marches. Of these Wardens the most vali- ant and powerful was Albrecht the Bear, who may be regarded as the real founder of the Marquisate of Brandenburg. One of his successors, the Markgraf Louis, a Bava- rian, acquired the dignity of an elector of the Holy Roman Empire, and thus Bran- denburg became an electorate. The country subsequently fell into the hands of the Em- perors of Germany, from one of whom Bran- denburg was purchased by Frederick of Hohenzollern, a rich Burggraf or imperial commissioner of Nurnburg. Frederick was solemnly invested with the dignity of elector at the Diet of Constance, A.D. 1417. From this Frederick, the first elector of Branden- burg, has sprung a long line of able rulers —most of them bearing his honored name— who, by steady attention to the labors of the state, and by patriotic devotion to the in- terests of their country, have raised their originally poor and distracted electorate to its present proud position as one of the fore- most powers of Europe, and given it an in- fluence which is already powerfully exer- cised, for the progress of popular intelligence, freedom of thought, and civil liberty. The royal dynasty of Prussia, through its founder Frederick, derives its designation from the castle of Zollern, or Hohenzollern, in Suabia. This stronghold and a small contiguous territory were originally held by two brothers, Conrad and Frederick. The younger, as we have seen, became Burggraf of Nurnberg, and is thus the ancestor of the present king of Prussia. The descendants of the other brother retained possession of their patrimonial estates until 1851, when they resigned them to the king, and received rank in Prussia as princes of the royal blood. The rule of Frederick was eminently bene- ficent; he was the blessing of blessings to Brandenburg, desolated hitherto by intestine feuds, and enfeebled by the oppression and lawlessness of its nobles. The country now learned to know the blessings of peace, se- curity, and prosperity. The qualities which distinguished the administratien of this prince have been the common inheritance of most of his successors—unswerving adhe- rence to the essential principles of their ancestral policy, prudent thriftiness in avoid- ing all unnecessary expense, and a strict attention to the military organisation, as well as the industrial progress, of their fatherland. Joachim II, "the Hector" of the cam- paigns against the Turks, became elector in 1535, and having with Luther renounced allegiance to the see of Rome, he confisca- ted the immense revenues of the bishopries, and applied them to the endowment of schools and charitable institutions. Anxious to enlarge his territory and to aggrandize his race, he obtained the coinfeftment of the country called Prussia, at that time ruled by a Duke who was a prince of the Hohenzol- lern family, and thus a kinsman of his own. Through the marriage of Joachim's son with a princess of Prussia, the province of Eastern Prussia was, in 1618, incorporated with Brandenburg by right of inheritance. As to the previous history of Prussia proper, we find the Pruzzi, a tribe of Sla- vonic origin, occupying from the earliest times the shores of the Baltic, lying between the Yistula and the Niemen. These hea- thens had long resisted every effort to spread the Christian faith among them, till, in the 13th century, the neighbouring kingdom of Poland, which had suffered from frequent inroads, invited the knights of St. George, an ecclesiastical order of Teutonic or German origin, to join in a crusade against these barbarians. The undisciplined valour of the Slavonians could ill withstand the skill of the mounted warriors who fought under the banner of the cross, and the whole coun- try was in a short time subjugated and pos- sessed by the German knights. Their en- lightened rule and fostering care caused agriculture, commerce, and the fine arts to spring up and flourish, under an inclement sky and on the extreme verge of civilisation. But security and commercial opulence beget luxury, and the degenerate knights ere long were obliged to acknowledge the feudal sov- ereignty of Poland. In 1525 this religious order embraced the reformation, and was thereupon dissolved, but its master retained his former rank under the secular title of hereditary Duke of Prussia. The Elector Joachim's matrimonial sagacity paved the way for the absorption of this duchy, and a political arrangement of his, by which the principalities of Silesia ultimately fell to be inherited by his family, led to the Silesian wars of 1756-63. His grandson laid the foundation of the Rhenish possessions of Prussia by acquiring the duchy of Cleves on the Rhine. At the outbreak of the Thirty-years' War (1618-168), Prussia, as a leading Protestant state, should have taken the foremost place in the defence of civil and religious liberty; but her rulers sought to save her from war by assuming a position of apparent indiffer- ence. In consequence of this ignoble policy she suffered more than from actual war; her territory was invaded and trampled under foot by both parties, so that in the year 1640 the country presented to the eye a sad scene of desolation; towns and villages in ruins, commerce paralysed and almost gone, even the tillage of the fields neglected, famine and pestilence stalking through the land. In this the hour of her deepest misery, the first of her great Frederick Williams ascended the throne, at the early ago of twenty years. His wonderful exploits as a military com- mander, the vigour and wisdom of his civil government, and his steady efforts to give his small state a place among the nations of Europe, have won for him the grateful re- membrance of his countrymen, who still fondly call him the Great Elector. Having formed and trained a small body of troops, the Brandenburgers of Prussia, as famous as the Ironsides of his contemporary Oliver Cromwoll, he soon recovered all the territory which had escaped the weak grasp of his father. By skilful strategy and by strenu- ous valour he drove the French out of the Rhineland, which had been wantonly seized by them without even a declaration of hos- tilities. Anxious for the unity of the state under one governing head, he greatly re- stricted the power of the Stande, or parlia- ments, which, like our English parliament, consisted of the representatives of the nation, and deprived them of the right of voting the supplies. His prudent economy and strict attention to finance enabled him to maintain, without burdening his people, an army of 40,000 thoroughly efficient soldiers. His son Frederick I, who began to reign in 1688, pursued the patriotic policy of his father, and at last reached the summit of his wishes, the elevation of his country to the rank of a kingdom. On the 18th January, 1701, with the consent of the Emperor of Germany, he placed the royal crown on his own head, and in memory of this event instituted the Prus- sian order of the Black Eagle, a decoration which has always been sparingly bestowed. Thus was ushered in among the monarchies of Europe a kingdom which, in the short space of a hundred and seventy years, has now reached—shall we say—the first place and influence on the continent. In the war in which Britain joined with Germany to resist the ambitious projects of Louis XIV, Frederick, single-handed, drove the French from their strong positions on the Lower Rhine. His Brandenburgers fought under the eye of the great Marlbo- rough, and materially contributed to the glory of Blenheim and his other victories. his queen, Sophie Charlotte of Hanover, was the sister of King George I, and was well known for her literary tastes and friend- ships. But neither the father's love of regal pageantry nor the mother's philosophic ele- gance seemed in any degree to affect their son Fredorick William I, who in his youth tool pleasure in nothing but military pa- rades, field sports, and the carousels of his companions. When he became king (1713-1740) he drilled his soldiers—amongst whom he had a regiment of giants—till they exhibited the faultless regularity of moving machines. He established a system of punctuality, frugality, and order—now an heirloom; and by carefully encouraging immigration, and stimulating all kinds of domestic and social industry, he kept his domain free from heavy burdens, maintained a well-filled treasury, and thus secured the moans of prompt action in war—an example which his successors have not been loth to imitate. This royal martinet, this lover of strict conformity both in church and state, this hater of all the amenities of daily life, and of all foreign polish, had a son who hated most things that his father loved, and loved most that he hated. Believing that the welfare of the state (and in the estimation of a German everything must yield to this) could be preserved by a strict adherence to his kingly maxims and practice, the disci- plinarian father curbed, nay crushed, such of the natural tendencies of the boy as were not of this mould, and compelled him to give his whole mind to the details of military affairs and of civil government. The skill thus rudely and painfully enforced after- wards burst forth as a brilliant meteor, to the disaster of his enemies and the astonish- ment of the world. In 1740 the youth mounted his father's throne as Frederick II: all Europe called him "the Great;" the Prussians fondly remember and love him as their "Old Fritz;" he is one of the heroes of history—and of Thomas Carlyle. With- out waiting to taste the sweets of royalty, he at once plunged into war by demanding from Maria Theresa, daughter and heiress of Charles VI of Germany, the Silesian principalities which had been unjustly with- held from the great Elector. With a chosen hand he beat down all opposition and seized and held Silesia. Jealous of the rising power of Prussia, his neighbours, Austria, Russia, Saxony, France, and Sweden, secretly entered into a coalition to rob Frederick of his territories, and to reduce him to his ancestral rank and dimensions as Marquis of Brandenburg. Having se- cret intelligence of their intentions he re- solved to strike the first blow, and taking the field with 70,000 troops, he suddenly ap- peared before Dresden, the capital of Sax- ony. Thus began, in 1756, the famous Seven Years' War, which, like a continu- ing hurricane, strewed the provinces of Germany with carnage and desolation. For seven years Frederick never entered his capital; in the camp, and in the field, the Spartan-like training he had received from his inexorable sire enabled him to endure and to perform things incredible. With the maternal solicitude which will sacrifice com- fort, and even life, for the well-being and safety of the child, Frederick directed the storm away from his own door, and sent its devastation upon the territories of his enemies. When driven back by superior numbers, he turned like a lion at bay, to defend his own frontiers and repel all in- roads. The system which the present war seems to imitate was maintained with such tenacity during the whole war that at its close Prussia, although only a puny terrier in the grasp of a band of plundering mastiffs, was less exhausted in her strength and re- sources than some of her assailants. Truly the bear, that with ravening jaws attacked the stores of the industrious hive, and found to his pain that bees have stings, does not lack his counterpart in the history of nations. In short, this contest raised Frederick to an honourable place among the greatest cap- tains of all ages, and displayed the noble qualities of the nation which he was called to govern, and which by his genius he saved from spoliation and ruin. Encom- passed by enemies stronger far than himself, he found only one ally and friend, the King of Britain, whom private interest and the ties of blood led to aid him with men and money. Even this aid was withdrawn in 1761, on the accession of George III, and in the hour of his greatest need he was left to struggle alone. In this Seven Years' War, he fought at least a dozen great battles ; often he suffered terrible defeats, which would have prostrated any but an invincible hero; retiring behind lines of defence, which his genius in fortification could construct in forty-eight hours, he defied his enemies to attack him, exhausted though he was; or, sallying from his lair, he sent the armies of his ablest adversaries flying in dismay before him. At Rosbach, in 1757, he defeated the French, who had an army three times as numerous as his own—a defeat which rankled in the Gallic breast till the wars of the empire brought the victories of Jena and Auerstad to efface the remembrance of it. In the same year, under equal disadvantages he beat the Austrians at Leuthen, com- manded by Daun, their ablest general. Next year, at Forndorf, he chastised the Russians for their insolent pillage of the borders. The three following years (1759-60-61) were years of uninterrupted reverses, but only served to show, in bolder relief, the patriot- ism and endurance of his people. But for- tune smiled again, and at last in 1763, Maria Theresa, drained of her resources, and unable to prolong the contest, agreed to the peace of Hubertsburg, by which she disgorged Silesia and gave it to Frederick, its rightful owner. Henceforth, till the close of his life, the King devoted himself unweariedly to the internal improvement of his country. By assisting in the first par- tition of Poland he obtained the province of Western Prussia, an important enlargement of his territory. He was succeeded in 1786 by his nephew, Frederick William II, whose licentious habits, religious intolerance, and blunders of policy rendered his reign a striking con- trast to that of the great Frederick. When the revolution broke out in France in 1789, and a republic had been established there, the Prussians and Austrians interfered to compel the French to take back their king. They were ignominiously defeated, and Frederick William consented to cede the whole of his possessions on the left bank of the Rhine, a territorial frontier which France has long coveted. Frederick William III ascended the throne in 1797, at a critical time, for the injudicious rule of his father had spread the seeds of dissatisfaction throughout the country, and as his neigh- bour's house was already burning fiercely with political and religious sentiments of the worst kind, there was danger that his house too might soon be in flames. But the moral rectitude of the youthful Icing, the simplicity of his manners, and his earnestness of pur- pose soon won the full confidence of the nation. In the preceding reign Prussia had bound herself to absolute neutrality in the wars of the French, but when in 1804 Na- poleon Bonaparte, the gifted but ambitious servant of the republic, had made himself its master, calling himself Emperor of France, Austria, Prussia, and Russia joined in a coalition against him. All of them soon felt the weight of his mighty arm, for on the fields of Austerlitz, Jena, and Friedland their forces were broken, and their kings were glad to accept any terms which Napoleon chose to offer. During the depression and humilia- tion of the next seven years the whole military organization and internal adminis- tration of the country were quietly revised and regenerated by the patriots Stein, Hard- enburg, and Scharnhorst. To the last of these especially the Prussian army owes those admirable arrangements which have not only made the service honorable, popu- lar, and national, but have also enabled it to humble, within the last four years, two of the strongest nations in Europe. This sys- tem first obtained legislative establishment on the 3rd September, 1814. By it every Prussian must at the age of twenty enter the army division raised in his own district, and must remain in it three years, in exceptional cases one year ; he then re- turns to his home and engages in any civil employment, but for two years more he is reckoned a soldier of the reserve, and may be called upon at any time to join the regu- lar army. From twenty-five to thirty-two he belongs to the first levy of Landwehr or home troops ; from thirty-two to thirty-seven he is in the second levy ; and from thirty-seven to fifty he is a member of the Landsturm. The first levy is called up in time of war, as now ; the second when there is danger to the country, and the Landsturm to do garri- son duty when the country is invaded. Thus by the law of Prussia the whole male popu- lation, up to the age of fifty, may in a great emergency be summoned to arms. This organisation enabled Prussia to take the field at once on the sudden return of Na- poleon from Elba, and although the indomi- table Blucher was driven back at Ligny, yet he soon rallied, and leading his troops for- wards, through soaking roads and fields of grain, he arrived at Waterloo just in time to assist in the final charge. To his cavalry was left the task of pursuing the fugitive French—a remorseless pursuit, which strewed the high road to Paris with thou- sands of the dead and dying. At the con- gress of Vienna, which settled the affairs of Europe after the downfall of Napoleon, Prussia endeavoured to regain from France the purely German provinces of Alsace and Lorraine, which were originally part of the Germanic Confederation ; but her demands were unheeded. Those provinces she has now taken from France by the strong arm of might giving effect to right. During the peaceful years which followed 1815 various salutary changes were introduced—all of them fitted to secure the permanent pros- perity of the state. The King, by edict, restored to their full power the Stande, or provincial parliaments, which consist of representatives from the nobles, the bur- ghers, and the peasants ; and as he had im- posed on every citizen the duty of qualifying himself for the defence of his country, by making a knowledge of the art of war a national accomplishment, so he resolved to establish a thoroughly national system of education ; even in the financial exhaustion of 1808 he had founded and endowed the University of Berlin, which has already be- come one of the most famous in Europe. In 1816 he published a law compelling all parents to give a suitable education to their children ; and notwithstanding the parsi- mony of his government, he was liberal towards education, for he provided parish schools, normal schools, and gymnasia or grammar schools throughout his kingdom. In 1840 he was succeded by his son, Frederick William IV, the late king. At his accession he was eminently popular ; he exhibited a brilliant power of speech, great mildness in disposition, and manifold kind- ness, as well as an earnest admiration of English institutions. Under him Prussia began to show a rapid development in all the elements of material prosperity—in foreign trade, in the arts and manufactures. But the political earthquake of 1848, whose volcanic centre was Paris, convulsed Prussia as well as most of the other nations of Europe. In Berlin the populace demanded a more liberal constitution and reforms. Their demands were mingled with patriotic cries for "defence against the common enemy," "close alliance of all German States," "recovery of the unity of Ger- many" (cries which have now been an- swered) ; but soon a reaction set in, and in the hands of an aristocratic party the king became less liberal than before. Neverthe- less, we may still regard Prussia as, like ours, a constitutional country, in which no money can be spent and no law passed with- out the consent of the representatives of the people. The present king, William I, has now reigned about 10 years, and as his son, the Crown Prince, is married to the Princess Royal of England, it is expected that the in- fluence of the liberal opinions of England will ere long be felt in the government of Prussia. Since 1848 the party of German unity has gronmrapidly in number and power; they desire to gather together under the loader ship, and as fatr as possible under the sover eignty, of Prussia, all the states that are German in nationality and language, and tfus eventually to re-establish the German Empire. By the unscrupulous statesman ship of Von Bismarck, her present premier, and the valor of her soldiers, Prussia has already accomplished part of this pro gramme. The Danish war of 1864, and the Austrian war of 1866, have enabled her to acquire from Denmark the German-speak ing provinces of Schleswig and Holstein, to exclude Austria from active interference in Gorman affairs, and to bind all the German States to herself for the protection and promotion of common interests. In the present war Prussia has seized, appar ently for lasting possession, the German provinces of Alsaeo and Lorraine, hitherto incorporated with France; and if she is ul timately vintorioue, in making a treaty of peace she will doubtless insist on terms such as will permit the full accomplishment of German unity. An infantry company having been called in, a few days ago, in Berlin, the captain found that there were eleven men over the number. Ho requested those who had the largest families to withdraw, and after a dead pause one man stepped forward and stated he had nine children, the youngest of them newly born, and no one to attend to his business for him. He was at once dismissed; but the following morning he reappeared, and told his officer that as his wife was better, and understood his trade, he was resolved to march with his regiment. The military authorities in this city are greatly embar rassed with the number of volunteers. One of the Berlin battalions having been sum moned to the standards, 1800 men presented themselves instead of 1000. The odd 800 were partly persons liable, indeed, to military service, but who had not bson called in, and partly of volunteers from the new provinces who were notbound to serve. One feeling pervades all Germany.--North German Oor respondent. IscaPoUNDcD AT GRENaELL, cc 2nd October, from Bogoloog, by superintendent; sum due, lls. Sd. each :-Whito heifer, 81O (the 1I writing cspital) off rump, ni writing capital off ribs, like II writing capital blotched near lotn, eer- marked; red and white bullock, blotch in O off ribs, bloteh in O near rump. To be sold 20th Oetohor.-Alho, on 5th, from Brsndah, by T. B. Woods, Esq. ; sum due, 9s: Cd. eash:--fay colt, JW near shoulder, 5 near thigh, number ol' shoulder, aged, 1t hands ; brown colt, JW near shoulder, 5 cear thigh, number off shoulder, aged, 15 hands; bay filly, G-D oror Ft near shoulder. D near thigh, 3 years, 13 hands; brown mare, JW near shoulder, 6 near thigh, number otf shoulder, 8 years, 13 hands. To be sold 27th October. IosrPooNDeD AT aO0sce, on the 5th October, from Kalkito, by order of Donald iyrie Esq.; sum duo, 135\. 9d. each:--Bay mare, speckled back, like LI over writing capital SI near shoulder, broken-in, 18 hands; notice sent to supposed owner; bay filly, small star, lite SW near shoulder, c near thigh, 15 hands; buy more, star, blotch brands near shoulder, 141 hands; grey entire, bumble foot, liks 5 over W or 5 over N near shoulder, white spots on withers, 16 bands; bay entire, star, like JD sideways neer shoulder, brocen-in, 14 hands; hay mare, J3" con joined or JH near shoulder, 15 hands. To be sold 27th October. IsrPocwsen AT NccTIITYcrmL , on 8th October, from Bnrrungasdra, by Mr. Aloer. ScDonald; sum due 'eot after each animal:--IDrk brown or blanc horse, star, bell on neck, hobble strap on leg, SD near shoulder, like ELI offshoulder, 6 years, 16 hbnds 5s.; brown colt, star and snip, near fore and off hind foot white, SIT near shoulder, 4 years, 15 hondsa-s. Cd. To be sold 3rd November. IMcPoUNDeD AT Ne0erTe WAOsA WAnea., on 6th' October, from Wantatbadgery, by W. O. Windsyer, Esq.; sum duoe, lOs. each:--Bay horse, 3IF off shoulder, 3 off ribs, unbroken, 3 years, 143 hands; iron-grey mars, m over SW off shoulder, unbroken, 3 years, 143 hands; brown maro, T near shoulder, lilke 76 near saddle, liles TO off shoulder, unbroken, aged, 16 hands; brown' mare, JR conjoined near shoulder and thigh, very tong straight baock, un brolken, aged, 15 hands; bay mare, like small a near shoulder, unbroken, 6 years, 14d hands; brown yearling filly, i0 near shoulder, unbrolen, 1 year, 133 hanrds--notics snea to supposed ownoer.-Alos, from Oura, same day, by iessers. Rend Bros.: Brown colt, Ryn near shoulder, like 101 offshoulder, unbrolcen, C years, 156 bands; bay mars, SW near shoulder, unbroken, 4 yours, 143 hands--notice sent to supposed owner; bay filly, lik sname brand off shoulder, near hind foot white, unbrolkon, 1 year, 13 hands-notica snot to supposed owner; sheunut filly, like IK in diamond near shoulder, blaoc, uen broken, 1 yeor, 13 hande--notice sent to supposed owner; bay colt, like same brand near shoulder, un broken, 2 years, 133 hands--notice sent to supposed .. owner; ohesnut colt, lice 0B or OB offshouldor, large blaze in fare, 3 years, '14i hands; ohensut oolt, 5 near shoulder, like fresh blotlhoed brand near ribs, docked tail, near hip down, 4 years, 143 hands; brown horse, like .j1l over like very flint ,. off shoulder, hind feet white, broken-in, 143 hands. T. be sold 17th October. 