SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The first session of the seventh Par- liament of Victoria commenced on Tues- day, the 25th of April. The introduc- tory proceedings were conducted by his Honour Sir Redmond Barry and his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth, the commissioners appointed by His Excel- lency. After the members of the As- sembly had been sworn in, they pro- ceeded to the choice of a Speaker, and the Hon. Captain MacMahon was unani- mously elected. In fact, he was the only candidate, for his opponent, the Hon. C. G. Duffy, had met with a slight accident by a fall from his horse a few days previously, in consequence of which he published a letter in The Argus stating that he should be unable to be present at the opening of Parliament, and withdrawing from the contest. Parliament was formally opened on the following Thursday, when His Excel- lency the Governor delivered the Vice- regal speech, which will be found in another column. The speech was generally well re- ceived. There was very little in it which invited opposition, and a number of legislative enactments which are urgently required were promised. The foremost place in the speech was given to the new Education Bill. It will be remembered that a measure dealing with this question was laid on the table of the Assembly a few days prior to the close of last session, and to the principles of that bill, if not to all its details, the Government have an- nounced their intention to adhere. There are, however, other questions of more immediate importance than this one, and measures relating to some of these have already been introduced. Promi- nent amongst these are the bills relating to the mining industry of the colony. New legislation connected with this sub- ject has been felt to be an absolute necessity for some time past. The Government, in the Vice-regal speech, promised measures connected with the management of mining com- panies, mining on private property, and for the prevention of accidents in mines, and so strong was the feeling in the new Assembly, that a Mining Companies Statute Amendment Bill was introduced during the first few days of the session, and is now under the consideration of the House. Though by no means a perfect measure, it is a de- cided improvement on the present law ; and if it passes, of which in an amended form there can be but little doubt, it is calculated to give a very consider- able impetus to mining enterprise, whilst, at the same time, it will enable the shareholders in mining companies to protect themselves from the frauds which have been too frequently practised upon them. A bill to amend the criminal law and practice of the coun- try has also been introduced, read a second time, and is now under considera- tion in committee. The chief objects contemplated by it are the more effectual punishment of persons guilty of fraud as trustees, and of those degraded ruffians found guilty of offences against women and children. The present law has proved alto- gether inadequate to deal with crimi- nals of the latter stamp, and the new measure, in addition to long periods of imprisonment, provides for the very salu- tary infliction of the lash upon those who are found guilty of such cruel and detestable crimes. During the present week, however, both these subjects have given way to the consideration of the budget speech of the Treasurer, which was delivered on Tues- day last. The speech was of more than usual importance, for it revealed a de- ficiency in the revenue, and suggested additional taxation. The position of affairs may be very briefly stated, as it is not necessary for our English readers to travel into outside and partially irre- levant matter. We began 1870 with a credit balance of £256,451. The ex- penditure of that year absorbed the revenue, and reduced the balance to be carried over to the credit of 1871 to £34,185. In consequence of the de- termination of Parliament to commence the financial year on the 1st of July, instead of the 1st of January, we have an approximate statement up to the 30th of June next, which shows the balance of £34,185 to have been wiped out, and a deficiency on the half-year of £153,202. For the finan- cial year 1871-72, the Treasurer esti- mates his income at £3,311,040, and his expenditure at £3,495,148. This creates a deficiency of £184,108, which, added to the balance on the wrong side of the ledger for the first six months of 1871, makes a total prospective deficiency at the end of the coming financial year of £337,310. To meet this deficiency the Government propose an alteration in the tariff, by which they anticipate to re- ceive in round numbers £180,000 extra, and to impose a property-tax of sixpence in the pound upon the rateable value of all landed property, which it is ex- pected will bring in £120,000, or a total additional revenue of £300,000. If these propositions are agreed to, and the calculations of the Treasurer prove correct, the revenue for 1871-72 will not only meet the expenditure for the year, but will reduce the deficiency of £153,202, which is anticipated at the commencement, to £37,310 at the close. It must be remembered, how- ever, that we are not altogether living up to our income, because under the Land Act of 1869 £200,000 is annually set aside to be appropriated either as a sinking fund to wipe out our railway loan or to be employed in the construc- tion of new railways. By the end of the year 1871-72 this appropriation will amount to £500,000, which, of course can be set against the probable deficiency of £337,310, supposing the Assembly to refuse its assent to any additional taxa- tion. There is, however, no probability of the £200,000 a-year being diverted from the use for which it has been appropriated, as all parties appear de- termined to support in its integrity this provision for reducing our liabilities by adding to our assets, either in one form or the other. The proposed alterations in the tariff are, unfortunately, another step forward in the protectionist march. The only thing to be commended in them is that some of the vexatious 5 per cent, ad valorem, duties are abolished. But to make up for this, the other articles upon which only 5 per cent. has heretofore been collected are to be subjected to a rate of 10 per. cent. Seven and a half per cent. is to be imposed on all wool- len or mixed cotton and woollen piece goods, whilst the duty of 10 per cent., now levied upon a number of articles, is to be increased to 12½ per cent. In some instances the duties proposed are much higher, but they are on articles which are either not largely imported, or for which the demand is compara- tively small. The free- traders, of course, object to a tariff which travels so far from every intelligent principle of fiscal policy, whilst the protectionists complain that it does not go far enough, towards carrying out their peculiar views. The debate on the speech was adjourned from Thursday last until Tuesday next, and it is almost im- possible to predict the issue. The pro- tectionist members of the House have already had one caucus, aud they are to meet again in order to determine upon some measure whereby they hope to compel the Government to accept such amendments as they may resolve upon. The Government have promised a considerable reduction in the rates of postage, which is to take place on the 1st of July next. The alterations will, among other things, comprise a re- duction of the charge upon letters not exceeding half an ounce in weight and for town delivery to 1d. On inland let- ters the postage will be 2d., as at pre- sent; on foreign letters, by private ship, or contract mail steamer, the postage will be the same as at present, 3d. and 6d. re- spectively. For each additional half ounce the charge will be 1d., 2d., 3d., and 6d. respectively. The postage on news- papers will be reduced from 1d. to ½d. for town delivery, inland ½d., by private ship ½d., but by contract mail steamer 1d., as at present. And besides this, postal cards will be issued which may be sent to any part of the colony for 1d. Colonel Sankey is diligently prose- cuting his investigations into the water- works of the colony, but no report has as yet been received from him. SOCIAL. The news brought by the last English mail that France had only terminated her disas- trous conflict with a foreign foe to plunge herself into the miseries of civil war, has been received here with the greatest regret, and it is earnestly hoped that order may ere long he restored in that unfortunate country. The Royal marriage in England of course has not excited the amount of attention here which it has commanded nearer home, but the occurrence has not been regarded without interest, and the intelligence that the union had duly taken place was welcomed in Mel- bourne by the hoisting of flags and the ring- ing of church bells. An approximate return showing the results of the census of the population—which was taken, as in England, on the 2nd April—has been furnished to Parliament by the Regis- trar-General. The return has been compiled from the sub-enumerators' summaries, which have only been partially checked, but it is not thought that the future totals will differ ma- terially from those now given. According to the present figures, the population of Vic- toria on the 2nd April, 1871, numbered 729,868, of whom 400,700 were males and 379,168 females. When the last census was taken—viz., in 1861—the population of the colony was only 540,322. The population of Melbourne and its suburbs now numbers nearly 200,000, the figures given in the return being 193,690. The population of Ballarat is 74,260, of Sandhurst 36,688, and of Geelong 22,618. The contract for the second portion of the North-Eastern Railway, 60 miles in length, has been duly signed, and the contractors, Messrs. Styles, Murray, and Co., have com- menced operations. The first portion, of the line, 56 miles in length, is being rapidly pro- ceeded with, and is expected to be open for traffic in March next. Colonel Sankey, who has come from India to report upon our waterworks, is continuing his investigations. Having visited the Malms- bury reservoir, the Back Creek syphon, and other portions of the works belonging to the Coliban scheme, he has sent in a progress report, in which he has suggested the adoption of measures to secure the works at the Malms- bury reservoir against further damage during the coming winter. He approves of the pro- position to brick- line, or rather sheath, the outlet tunnel, for which purpose a shaft is now being sunk ; and he also recommends some further repairs to the bye-washes. Those recommendations have been adopted by the Government, and the necessary works are being vigorously prosecuted. Of course, Colonel Sankey has not yet had time to form an opinion as to the value of our waterworks scheme as a whole. By the last mail the Government received a letter from Mr. Gor- don, C.E., stating that he could not leave India until July next, when he would be happy to place his services at the disposal of this colony. This relieves the Ministry from any difficulty, as they will be able to receive Colonel Sankey's report before deciding what steps they will take in the matter. Mr. Hall's proposed Californian mail ser- vice has met with pretty general approval from the mercantile community, but it is doubtful as yet whether the Government will support the undertaking, Mr. H. Parkes, the late Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, who is acting as Mr. Hall's representative, has laid his scheme before the Melbourne Cham- ber of Commerce, which has pronounced in favour of it. The projected route is from Sydney to Fiji, thence to Honolulu, the Sandwich Islands, San Francisco, New York, and Liverpool. It is proposed to start steamers every 28 days, making 13 voyages a year, the vessels to alternate with the Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's steamships. The service has been commenced with a steamer—the City of Melbourne—leaving Sydney on the 4th May, but its continuance, will depend on the amount of subsidy obtained. Mr. Hall looks for £65,000 or £70,000 altogether, and fears that he will not be able to reach that amount if assistance is withhold by the Government of Victoria. Mr. Parkes has had one interview with the Chief Secretary and the Commissioner of Customs, but the result was not very favourable. The Chief Secretary would not pledge himself in any way. He said he preferred the Cape route, but he promised at any rate to wait for further infor- mation on the subject before arnving at any final decision. The Royal Commission appointed to in- quire into and report upon the condition and management of the charitable insti- tutions of the colony have sent in their report, which recommends some important changes in the relations between the state and the public charities, and in the amount of the subsidy which these institutions should receive out of the national purse. The com- mission point out that the demands of the charitable institutions on the public revenue have been continually increasing, and their recommendations generally are in the direc- tion of throwing the responsibility of main- taining the charities more on the local bodies and the local population than on the state. Some institutions they consider should not receive either municipal or state support and in the case of others they recommend that the Government grants for maintenance should be materially reduced, and that grants for building purposes should be at once and altogether discontinued. To meet the de= ficieney which will thus be caused in the revenue of these institutions, it is recommended that all municipal and shire corporations and road districts shall be made chargeable with one tenth of 1s in the pound upon the annual rateable value of all property, whether the rates have been collected or not, as a contribution towards the support of hospitals and benevolent asylums. It is further proposed that hospital and benevo- lent asylum districts be created, and that the several municipal and local bodies be bound by law to pay over to the district hospi- tals and benevolent asylums their proportion of the rates. The commission also recom- mend that an inspector of charities should be appointed, whose duty it shall be to investi- gate annually all the executive acts of each charity assisted by the state, and to audit the accounts. The report has been printed and laid before Parliament, but has not yet been considered. The report of the Post office and Telegraph department for 1870 has been laid before Par- liament. It shows that although the business of the department has increased during the past year, the revenue returns were not so considerable as those for 1869. The gross amounts collected in 1870 were—Postage and money order commission, £126,596, telegraph messages, £33,145. This shows a falling off from the receipts for 1869 on postage, &c.;, of £624, and on telegraph messages of £1,038 ; but the deficiency is accounted for by the re- duction that took place in the rates of postage on intercolonial ship letters, and on tele- graphic messages, and also by the operation of the Stamp Statute. During the year no less than 31 new post offices were opened. Re- garding the complaints which have of late become so frequent of the miscarriage of newspapers posted in England for transmis- sion to Victoria, the report states that in most cases in which such complaint is made, the missing newspapers have never been de- spatched from England, but have been de- tained in the London office on account of the neglect of the senders to comply with one or more of the stringent conditions enforced by the British postal authorities. No further steps have been taken towards the appointment of a successor to Professor Irving at the Melbourne University. Last month, it will be recollected, the senate met and passed resolutions disapproving of the proposal of the council to limit the candidates to graduates of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, and suggesting the separation of the chair of logic from that of language and comparative philo- logy. These resolutions were at once for- warded to the council, but that body has not yet announced its decision on the matter. A commission has been appointed to inquire into and report upon the subject of the pro- posed new law courts. The commission con- sists of their honours the Judges of the Supreme Court, the Attorney General, the Solicitor General, the Hon. Dr Dobson, and Messrs Wilberforce Stephen, Malleson and Macgregor. The commission have met once or twice, and have examined the plans of the proposed new buildings, but no determination has yet been arrived at respecting them. It is likely Melbourne will soon be visited by another Dutch man of war. Mr Ploos Van Amstel, the Consul General of the Netherlands at Melbourne, has been di- rected by his Government to visit the harbours and settlements on the west, east and north coast of Australia and also to visit New Guinea, with a view to promote the now in- creasing commercial relations between these colonies and the Netherlands India posses- sions, and also to report on the commercial resources of the latter island. The Governor- General of Netherlands India has now been instructed by the home Government to fit out an expedition from Java which will leave Batavia about the end of this month for Melbourne, to take the Consul General on board, who has been entrusted with the direc- tion of the expedition. According to the accounts received by last mail from Java HNMS corvette Curacoa is being fitted out and made ready for sea. She is said to be a fine vessel, and is commanded by Captain Bowler. In connexion with the proposed expedition attention has been called to the alterations which have taken and are about to take place in the commercial policy of the Netherlands- India Government, and which are of great interest and importance to these colonies. A new sugar law will come into operation at the be- ginning of next year, by which the planters and manufacturers will be allowed the entire free disposal of their produce, instead of, as formerly, when the planters and manufac- turers were compelled to deliver two thirds of their crops to the Government at a certain price, and had only the free disposal of one third of their produce. As the crops last year in Java amounted to 180,000 tons, and are increasing rapidly, this change will be worth the attention or our merchants. It is also contemplated to abolish the differential duties on exportation of sugar to other countries than the Netherlands. Under these circum- stances, the establishment of a line of steamers between the Australian colonies and Java would lead to mutual benefits, and the Netherlands-India Government, it is stated, is willing to encourage such an undertaking by a liberal assistance in the way of sub- sidy. It has been found necessary, in consequence of the treacherous nature of a portion of the south bank of the Yarra, to alter the plans upon which the construction of the new wharf on that side of the river was commenced. The bank at the particular spot turns out to be of such a character that it is impossible to con- struct a stone wharf upon it, and arrangement have been made with the contractors to con- struct the same number of feet of the wharf upon the rocky foundation which is known to exist on both sides of the present section. Be- tween these two points, it has been decided to erect a wharf of the jarrah wood of Western Australia, and a contract has been accepted for the work. The length of this section of the wharf will be 400ft. Professor Halford has been presented with a testimonial, consisting of a handsomely bound book and a purse of 120 sovereigns, as a recognition of the merits of his method of treating cases of snake-bite by the injection of ammonia. The presentation was made by Mr. J. Wilberforce Stephen, M.L.A., at Scott's Hotel, in the presence of a considerable num- ber of medical and lay gentlemen. In making his acknowledgements, Professor Halford gave an interesting explanation of the circum- stances which had led to his discovery, and expressed his belief that his mode of treat- ment was capable of extension to consti- tutional diseases. An influential committee was then appointed by those present to wait upon the Government in order to ask that a sum of money might be placed at the dis- posal of Professor Halford to enable him to make experiments in this direction. After being closed for some months for the purposes of decoration, the new Town-hall has been re-opened, the occasion being the performance by the Philharmonic Society of the oratorio of " Elijah." Up to the close of last year, the walls of the building had re- mained untouched, but they have now been adorned in keeping with a general design, the style of which is a revival and combina- tion of the elegant Moorish and still older Pompelian methods of mural ornamentation. The decoration of the hall has cost nearly £3,000, but the money has been well spent, for the effect produced is superb. The Early Closing Association, acting in the interests of the employés in the Melbourne shops, has made another demonstration in favour of a Saturday half- holiday for the benefit of that hard-worked class. A public meeting was held in the Town-hall, which, although capable of holding some 4,000 per- sons, was not large enough to contain all who wished to be present, The Chief Secretary, Sir James M'Culloch, presided, and was sup- ported by some 20 or 30 influential citizens and prominent members of the clerical body, Resolutions affirming that the movement was entitled to public support were proposed and unanimously agreed to. A competitive exhibition for students from the Technological Commission Schools of Design has been opened in the annexe of the Technological Museum at the Melbourne Public Library. Competitive designs were sent in from the various schools, viz., the artizans school of design at the Trades-hall, and similar schools at South Melbourne, Rich- mond, Sandridge, Williamstown, Fitzroy, South Yarra, St. Kilda, Prahran, Geelong, Castlemaine, Ballarat, and Ballarat West, their total pupils being 1,350. All these schools were established by local effort, under the auspices of the commission. The exhibits were considerable in number, and showed much advancement, especially when the age of the competitors was considered. Considerable interest is taken by the public in the exhibi- tion, which has been very well attended. An audacious robbery of bonded stores has recently been discovered. A few weeks ago it was reported simultaneously to the Customs authorities and the detectives that suspicions were entertained as to the security of certain stock in bond in the city. The Customs authorities immediately took stock, and dis- covered that 222 cases of kerosene and 40 cases of turpentine had disappeared from Mr. Peter M'Ewan's bonded stores, between the south bank of the Yarra and Emerald-hill. Suspicion falling upon a locker named Daniel Lalor, who had been many years in the ser- vice, he was suspended, and the detectives proceeded to make inquiries, which led at first to very little result. A few days after Lalor's suspension, however, it was re- ported to the detectives that a robbery of about £600 worth of opium had taken place at Teale's bonded stores, in William-street, and the missing property was, after a while, traced to Lalor's house, where it had been hidden in cupboards and drawers. It was also discovered that Lalor, since his sus- pension, had offered for sale 100 cases of kerosene, at a price much below the market value. A discovery was made of 22 cases of kerosene stacked in a yard near the house of Lalor, who, it was found, had obtained permission from the owners to use the ground. Lalor was now arrested, and after he had been locked up the search was continued. A large wood heap in his yard attracted attention by the neat and even manner in which it had been stacked. It was pulled down, and 18 more cases of kerosene were revealed, and subsequently 30 more cases were traced to the prisoner. So far it can only be guessed how the robberies were effected. Lalor was a locker at M'Ewan's store, and was required to deposit his keys every night at the Customs, and one supposi- tion put forward is that he substituted other keys for the genuine when giving in the bunch, and then used the genuine to open the store at night. Another suggestion is that he took wax impressions of the keys, and had fac similes manufactured. The other robbery seems even more difficult of explanation ; but Lalor, who lived near Teale's store, and was seen loitering about the premises after his suspension, and may have tampered with the keys, or have found his way into the building through a hole which was found to exist in the roof. These robberies have naturally caused some disquietude in the minds of merchants who have goods in bond, and it has been suggested that the bonded storekeepers should be com- pelled to give some security for the safe custody of the merchandise entrusted to them. An extraordinary and fatal explosion of gas has occurred in an underground chamber connected with the waterworks in Carlton gardens, at the corner of Gertrude and Nicholson streets. The chamber contains the sluice-valves which regulate the supply of water to all parts of the city, and consequently it is frequently necessary that the chamber should be entered and the valves inspected. On the 11th May three men employed by the Water Supply department, named Thomas White, Thomas Carlyle, and Charles Black- man, went to the place in order to inspect the valves, when a strong smell of gas was noticed, and it was suspected that there had been an escape into the chamber from the mains of the Melbourne and Col- lingwood Gas Companies. As the chamber which was 14ft. deep, and was reached by a flight of steps-was very dark. White pro- posed that he should strike a match. Carlyle desired him by no means to do so, as the ex- periment would be dangerous, and went on up the steps, the others, as he believed, fol- lowing him. When Carlyle had got to about three steps from the top, however, White, who had remained at the bottom, struck a match, when a terrific explosion took place, and Carlyle, receiving its full force, was pro- jected out of the chamber through the entrance, like a charge out of a cannon, to a distance of some 15ft. or 18ft. White was the most injured of all, his clothes being burnt and blown quite off, except a little piece of the leg of his trousers, while his skin peeled off and hung about him in shreds. Black- man was in the chamber, and though severely burnt himself, when he saw White in flames, carried him up the steps. Both Carlyle and Blackman were fearfully burnt about the face and body, and their clothes were almost destroyed. A number of schoolboys who were passing and had stopped to look down the pit entrance just as the explosion oc- curred, also received considerable injury, but none of them were dangerously hurt. The three men and two of the boys were taken to the Melbourne Hospital, where White, after two days of suffering, died from his injuries, which were of a frightful character. Every vestige of hair had been burnt off his head and face, and the only place where any skin was left was the stomach. The other cases are going on favourably. At a coroner's inquest held on the body of White, it appeared from the evidence of the witnesses that the gas in the valve-chamber came from several serious leaks in the mains of the Collingwood Gas Company, and that it had been known for some time that this leakage existed, though it was not made clear that the fact had been communicated to the directors of the Collingwood company. The jury found that the deceased met his death by an accidental explosion caused by his having lighted a match in the valve chamber. Some police-court proceedings, in which Colonel Anderson, the commandant of the Victorian Volunteer Force, is mixed up, have excited a good deal of comment. On the 20th of last month Colonel Anderson was sum- moned to the Melbourne District Police Court by Mr. Smith, of Mac's Hotel, Geelong, for £9 15s., alleged to be due as balance of an hotel bill for £19 15s., of which the colonel had paid £10. It appeared then that the accounts of Colonel Rede, Captain Stubbs, and other gentlemen, had been included in Colonel Anderson's account by Smith, who considered the latter liable for the joint account of the party. Smith swore at the District Court that the colonel had paid £10, and agreed to pay the balance for which he was sued, at his convenience, without any stipulation or condition. Colonel Anderson, on the other hand, stated that he had paid the £10 as covering his own account, and had expressed his willingness to pay the balance if the correctness of the items contained therein were testified to by Colonel Rede, Captain Stubbs, and the other gentlemen concerned. He further said that he had not paid the balance because no proof had been brought that the account was a correct one. The Bench, however, held that Colonel An- derson had made himself liable for the ac- count, and ordered the £9 15s. to bo paid, with £1 1s. costs. Colonel Anderson, having commu- nicated with the other gentlemen concerned, swore on information against the plaintiff, charging him with perjury, and a warrant was obtained for the arrest of Smith, who had taken his passage for England by the Superb, and was on board that vessel. Mr. F. Stephen (Colonel Anderson's attorney) and a detective went on board the vessel armed with the warrant, which they threatened to execute unless Smith retracted the statement made by him in the police court. Urged and entreated by his wife, Smith signed a docu- ment contradicting his evidence, and was then permitted to proceed on his voyage. Before doing so, however, he wrote a note to his friend, Mr. F. C. Goyder, telling him that his signature to the document had been dragged from him by his family, and asking him to take steps to enforce the ver- dict against Colonel Anderson. Mr. M'Millan, who held a power of attorney from Mr. Smith, was communicated with, and at his instance Colonel Anderson was again sum- moned to the District Police Court to show cause why be should not comply with the previous verdict. The result was that the money was ordered to be paid, the police magistrate, in giving his decision, very properly censuring Mr. Stephen for com- pounding an indictable offence. There was another irregularity in connexion with the affair, to which public atten- tion was directed, viz., in the issue of the warrant, which was signed by Mr. H. Beauchamp at his private residence, after Mr. Wragge, another justice, had declined to do so. Mr. Beauchamp has, however, been able somehow or other to excuse his conduct to the Government. The charges brought by Mr. Palmer against the members of the Ballarat East Borough Council of extravagance and improper deal- ing with the borough funds, have been investigated by the ratepayers. A good many of the allegations made by Mr. Palmer were sustained, as, for instance, that the council had expended large sums of money on use- less works, in "refreshments," and in depu- tation expenses, besides purchasing out of the borough funds portraits of the ex- mayor, Mr. Steinfeld. It was also proved that the council had in the matter of contracts given the preference to members of their own body, and not only so, but had allowed coun- cillors to supply goods without calling for tenders in the usual way. The members of the council declined to en- ter into any explanation of their pro- ceedings, and, regarding the report of the committee as a vote of censure, resigned in a body. Most of them will offer themselves for re-election, when it is presumed they will take the opportunity of defending their pre- vious conduct. It has been decided at a public meeting of ratepayers to nominate nine candidates for the nine vacant seats, with the view of excluding all the old members. Several of the ratepayers, it is stated, intend to proceed against the late members for damages, and a writ for the recovery of £10,000 has already been served upon one of them, Mr. Fussell. The matter is further complicated by the accusations brought against the Investigation Committee, that they have in certain particulars shirked their duty ; and it is difficult to see where the unpleasant business is to end. George Dyer, self-accused, after the lapse of 13 years, of a murder committed in 1857, and who gave himself up to the police authorities in London, has been tried at the Castlemaine Circuit Court on the capital charge. Although the prisoner retracted his confession some time after it was made, there could be little doubt of the truth of the main portion of it ; but one part of it left it doubtful whether he had killed his victim in self-defence or not. The facts were that in November, 1857, Dyer and a man named George Wilson were mates at the Mia- mia diggings. Wilson was suddenly missed, and soon afterwards the prisoner left the place, taking with him the tent. A few days after Dyer left the Mia-mia a body was found in a waterhole about 60 yards from where it was supposed his tent was pitched. It was not then identified. But an ex- amination of it showed that the jaw had been fractured as if by a spade or axe handle, and in the back part of the skull were several large holes, as if caused by a pick. It was these, and not the fracture of the jaw, that caused death. The prisoner defended him- self, and asserted that he must have been labouring under an hallucination when he made the confession; that he never was at the Mia-mia. He had a recollection of being partner with George Wilson for a short time, but he denied having quarrelled with him. The judge left it to the jury whether the pri- soner, even if he committed the act, was guilty of murder or manslaughter, and the jury, after deliberating an hour and a half, found him "Guilty" of the lesser offence. He was sentenced to eight years' hard labour. George Moore, the defaulting collector of the Ballarat Hospital, who managed to keep out of the reach of the law for a considerable time, has given himself up to the police, and has been committed for trial on two charges of embezzlement. Moore, it appeared, had been concealing himself somewhere on the Murray, where he resided for a considerable time in a miserable condition in the hut of a fisherman. He suffered serious privations, and when he got back to Ballarat was so changed in personal appearance that his friends failed to recognise him. The escape of the prisoners Huxley and Nixon from the Melbourne Gaol was followed by an attempt at the Pentridge Stockade by a prisoner named Leigh to regain his freedom. Leigh, who was undergoing a sentence of 12 years' imprisonment for horse-stealing and shooting at a constable, was in separate confinement, and engaged in work as a bootmaker. Using the tools he was sup- plied with he cut through the floor of his cell in the hope of being able to dig under the foundations, which, however, were 8ft. deep and 2ft. or 3ft. wide. He was discovered when at work under the floor, and removed to another cell, where he made a similar and equally futile attempt to escape. He received an additional sentence of 12 months in irons for the first attempt, and he will be still further punished for the second. The men who escaped from the Melbourne Gaol, but were recaptured, together with three other prisoners who assisted them, have been each sentenced to six months' additional imprisonment in irons. Two of the warders, Messrs. M'Cabe and Cosgrove, to whose inattention the escape of Huxley and Nixon was attributable, have been punished for their negligence. Cosgrove has been reduced to the lowest grade amongst the warders, and M'Cabe, having been guilty of similar carelessness on two previous occa- sions, has been dismissed from the service. The annual meeting of the Victorian auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society has been held. The attendance was not large, but included a considerable num- ber of clergymen, representing almost all the leading Protestant denominations in Mel- bourne. His Honour Judge Pohlman pre- sided as chairman. Among the speakers was the Rev. B. Backhouse, the new agent of the parent society, who had only arrived per Hampshire and landed in Melbourne that day, and who experienced a very cordial re- ception, The prospects of the Victorian society were stated to be tolerably flourish- ing. Notwithstanding the nature of the report furnished to the Queensland Government by Mr. Gilmour, who had explored the country to the westward of Cooper's Creek in search of a white man said to be living amongst the blacks, the belief is still entertained that a white man, supposed to be one of the lost Leichardt party, is a captive amongst one of the native tribes. A correspondent of the Dubbo Despatch has written from Bourke, stating that he "saw a letter from Mount Margaret, in which the writer, a regular pioneer, and a terror of all blacks, states his certainty of a white man being with the blacks beyond where Gilmour and his troopers went, and of the determination of the tribe not to part with him. At any rate, he states that there will have to be a little more daring displayed before he is taken." It is urged that another expedition should be fitted out, in order, if possible, to ascertain the fate of the Leichardt party.### THE POLITICAL SITUATION. Parliament met two days after the last mail left, and consequently the month has been a busy one in a political sense. Not that the aspect of affairs has much changed, for the adjustment of parties remains unaltered ; nor, on the other hand, that the political horizon is clear. It is not too much to say that the present Ministry have by no means firmly established themselves in the new As- sembly. They have a fair following, and in such divisions as have yet taken place their majorities have been large, but those lion, members who voted with them do not even profess to be their staunch adherents. The lines of party division have not indeed yet been developed, and the general feeling of the Assembly is evidently that it is best to wait and see how events shape themselves. The re- sult is that up to the present the Govern- ment have been pursuing the course usually pursued at the opening of a session, and following out the programme in the Governor's speech. They have introduced a few measures, touching raining, criminal, and other legislation, and, finally- which is the event of the month-the Treasurer has proposed his budget, and laid before the country its financial condition and the esti- mate of revenue and expenditure for next year, which begins on the 1st July, 1871, and ends on the 30th June, 1872. That a deficit is admitted and proposed to be nearly covered by fresh taxation, including a tax of 6d. in the £ upon all rateable property, are facts which have been made known only within a week, and cannot have yet been quite realised ; nor can it yet be plainly seen to what the admis- sion and the proposition will lead. The ab- sence of the Attorney-General (Mr. Michie) from the Assembly, owing to his non-election, is also a not improbable cause of danger to the existing state of things. At present, how- ever, the political news of the month is but suggestive. We subjoin the history of affairs, so far as it has disclosed itself, under the proper heads. OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. The seventh Parliament of Victoria, just elected, entered upon its initial stage on Tues- day, April 25. Both Houses met on that day at noon, when the formal proceedings were commenced in the Legislative Council cham- ber, when their Honours Sir Redmond Barry and Mr. Justice Molesworth appeared as com- missioners from the Governor to perform the introductory ceremonies necessary before the new Assembly could be sworn in. These were of the usual sort, and when they were over Parliament was duly inaugurated, and mem- bers of the Assembly met in their own chamber to elect a Speaker. The Legis- lative Council having no business before them forthwith adjourned. The election of the Speaker occupied but a short space, for Mr. Duffy had been disabled a few days before by an accident, and Cap- tain MacMahon, the only other candidate, was at once appointed. It is worth mention- ing here that on a subsequent day Mr. B. G. Davies, of Avoca, was elected Chairman of Committees by a majority of one vote. Nothing more was done till the Thursday following, when Parliament was formally opened with the usual Vice regal pomp. His Excellency, escorted by a troop of volunteer cavalry, and amid the firing of heavy guns, proceeded to the Legislative Council chamber, and the loyal Commons having been sum- moned below the bar, he read the following speech : " Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, " Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, "I have called you together thus early in order that provision may be made in due time for the requirements of the onsuing financial year, and also that the large amount of prac- tical legislation now awaiting settlement may as soon as possible engage your attention. " The subject of public instruction stands foremost in importance. The principles of the measure which will be submitted to you have been already before the country, and will at an early period of the session demand your consideration. It is the confident anti- cipation of my advisers that you will deal with this national question in a national spirit, and endeavour to settle our educational system on a comprehensive and efficient basis, which will not readily be secured unless the subject be dealt with as one apart from and superior to party conflicts. " The question of mining legislation re- quit os the attention that ia due to such a prominent interest of this country. A bill will be submitted to you which, it is hoped, will present a fair settlement of the difficult and long- contested question of mining on private property, and hills for the amend- ment of the law relating to the constitution and management of mining companies, and for the preventing of accidents in mines, will also be brought under your consideration. " Connected with mining, though not limited to its interests, is the subject of Water Supply. This important question has con- stantly engaged the consideration of my advisers, and they have, through the cour- tesy of the Government of India, been enabled to secure the services of an hydraulic engineer of high attainments, who has already been occupied in an inquiry into the principle and the construction of the water supply works now in progress in Victoria, and whose opinion on the character of these works, and advice as to the extension of similar undertakings, will be of great value. "A bill will be laid before you for giving practical effect to these investigations, and for providing for advances on certain con- ditions of loans for water supply purposes to local bodies throughout the country. "A measure to amend the Land Act 1869 will be introduced early in the session ; and also a bill to settle, on a satisfactory basis, the law relating to fencing, which is now the source of both trouble and injustice to occupiers of the lands. "The experience of some years past shows that the criminal law requires amendment so that a more efficient mode of punishment should he provided for criminals who are not adequately deterred from crime by the fear of imprisonment, and that young offender, who are more apt to be contaminated than reformed by a gaol, should be subjected to a punishment of a summary character. A bill to effect these objects, and also a bill pro- viding more effectually for the management and safe custody of convicts, will be laid before you. "A measure to remedy defects in the Justices of the Peace Statute will be laid be- fore you during the session. You will also be asked to consider a bill for improving the law relating to the control and regulation of the police force. " A bill will be submitted for amending the Postal Act, with a view of affording to thee people increased facilities at a reduced cost. " Your attention will be asked to a measure for establishing a marine board, to which will be entrusted the administration of the laws and regulations relating to shipping, and our ports and harbours. "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, "The Estimates for 1871-2 will be laid be- fore you without delay. They have been framed with a due regard to economy and the requirements of the public service. "Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, "Reports from the Royal Commissions that I appointed to inquire into the subjects of Intercolonial Legislation and Charitable Institutions have been presented to me, and I have directed them to be laid before you. They form a valuable addition to our means of information on those subjects, and will engage the careful consideration of my ad- visors, whom they will materially assist in the task of bringing before you satisfactory legis- lation on those important subjects. "A bill for railway extension -will be brought under your consideration. My ad- visers are deeply impressed with the neces- sity of economy in the construction of such works, and they trust that, by a judicious ex- penditure of the money available, the most important districts will, ere long, be supplied with railway communication. " I am glad to be able to congratulate you on the termination of the war in Europe, which inflicted such calamities on the two nations engaged, and indirectly affected the prosperity of other countries. Though I hope we may now anticipate a prolonged peace, the Government have not relaxed their endeavours to place the country in a proper state of defence. The construction of batteries and the mounting of guns have been prosecuted with vigour, and the constitution and discipline of the local force and naval reserve corps have been carefully attended to. The arrival of the Cerberus after her success- ful voyage adequately completes the defences of our bay. " I have to congratulate you on the recent decision of the Privy Council, which so clearly declares the law regarding the privileges of Parliament. "In conclusion, I would express a hope that your deliberations would tend, under Providence, to improve the condition and ad- vance the best interests of the people of this country." - Upon this His Excellency retired and loft both Houses to proceed with the work of the session. It was at the earliest stage of these proceedings that hon. members in the Assembly took their seats in accordance as far as possible with their political opinions. They were arranged thus :-Treasury Bench, 7 — Sir James M'Culloch, Messrs. Francis, Wrixon, Macpherson, Wilson, Mackay, and Bates. Government Benches, 12-Messrs. Davies, Williams, Riddell, Ramsay, Lobb, Cunningham, Wm. Clarke, Burtt, Cohen, G. V. Smith, Moore, and Burrowes. Below the gangway, Government side, 30-Messrs, James, Cope, Plummer, Hanna, Witt, Patterson, M'Kenna, Zeal, Kerford, Crow, Macgregor, W. C. Smith, Johnstone, Garratt, Robertson, P. L Smyth, Sponsley, Levien, Colonel Champ, Messrs. Thomas, Harker, King. Richardson, Grant, Stewart, Phillips, Bourke, Fredk. Walsh, Curtain, A. T. Clark. Opposition Benches, 5-Messrs, Longmore, Berry, M'Lellan, Woods, Walker. Below the gangway, Opposition side, 22-Messrs. J. T. Smith, MacBain, Casey, R. Walsh, Bayles, Russell, O'Grady, Gillies, Stephen, Langton, Vale, Watkins, Jones, Fraser, Farrell, White- man, Captain MacMahon, Messrs. Bent, Hop- kins, L. L, Smith, Mason, Fergusson. Ab- sent Members, 2-Messrs. Fellows, Duffy. No change, except that Mr. A. T. Clark hs gone into direct opposition, has occurred since. COMMENCEMENT OF THE SESSION. The Legislativo Assembly has paid con- siderable attention to business during the month. As usual, the first proceeding was to adopt an address in reply to the Governor's speech, which was moved by Mr. Garratt, of East Geelong, and seconded by Mr. Robertson, of Polwarth and South Grenville, in speeches of no particular mark. The motion would have been adopted without further remark but for the forwardness of Mr. L. L. Smith, an bon. member sitting opposito to Govern- ment, who obtained an adjournment of the debate in order to move an amendment there- on. This he brought forward on the next day of meeting, and its effect was to con- demn the Government because the speech made no reference to the financial condition of the colony. The amendment was not seconded, but it led to a debate in which Mr. Langton, of West Melbourne, warne the Government that the mention of their educa- tional scheme was unsatisfactory; Mr. \V. C. Smith, of Ballarat West, dwelt on the importance of fresh mining legislation, and denounced the present uselessness of the Mining department; and Mr. A. T.Clark, of Williamstown, attacked the defences of the colony and the recent appointmont of Captain Panter, of the Cerberus, as senior naval officer. (It may bo mentioned hero that this last attack was subsequently met by a statement of Captain Panter's late posi- tion and services in the Hoya! Navy, which proved so thoroughly satisfactory that the subject has not been renewed ) The Treasurer briefly replied, and the debate lin- gered on for a while, only to serve as an op- portunity for members of the Opposition to make general accusations against the Govern- ment, which evoked no remark whatever from the Government benches. The address in reply was then adopted, and has since been presented to His Excellency, MINING LEGISLATION This subject has proved a leading one of the session. One of the longest paragraphs in the Governor's speech was devoted to it. Mr. W. C. Smith, a prominent mining mem- ber, gave early notice that he would move that it take precedence of the education ques- tion, and generally the most livoly interest has been evinced in respect to it, The Go- vernment met the pressure by a prompt introduction of their first measure on that head. This was a bill to amend the law re- lating to mining companies (limited liability), which was brought in by Mr. Wrixon, Soli- citor-General, who moved its second reading on May 12. He said it embodied two principles, on either of which mining companies might be formed-limited liability and share war- rants, which latter principle really meant no liability at all. If this bill became law there - would be no excuse for dummyism, because those persons who objected to the responsi- bility connected with limited liability could carry out their enterprises under the share . warrant system. The measure also proposed to radically alter the present mode of winding up mining companies. Instead of being wound up by official agents, they would be wound up under the direction of a judge of a court of mines, the official agent being his subordinate officer. The discussion which ensued indicated the strong desire of most of the mining members to delay progress until the bill had been very carefully con- sidered, and the opinions of mining managers in different parts of the country taken. Eventually, the matter was hold over till yesterday, and the result will be found in our Parliamentary report. It is gonorally con- sidered that the bill, though sound in prin- ciple, has been drafted with gross careless- ness, and will require much revision and amendmont before it is fit to take its place in the statute-book. The attacks made upon the Mining department and its ma- nagement have also taken a definite shape. Mr. Gillies, of Maryborough (one of the oldest mining members of the Assembly), moved that a select committee be appointed to inquire into and report on the desirability or other- wise of the abolition of the department of Mines as a separate and distinct department, and the distribution of its present duties among one or more departments of the public service. During the last 10 years the de- partment had, he said, cost the colony £333,000, and the average expense of the Melbourne branch of the department was £11,000 per annum. It was a question whether the duties of this department might not be with advantage distributed over other depart- ments. Mr. Mackay, the Minister of Mines, replied that although at first inclined to con- sider the motion as one directly hostile to the department, he found from the remarks made that the matter had not been, placed in that way before the House. He therefore thought that the committee might be accepted. The hon. member proceeded to defend the Mining department from many of the charges which had been brought against it, which were in many instances directed at Mr. K. B. . Smyth, its permanent head. Mr. W. C. Smith and other members have since been heard in support of the motion, but the debate stands adjourned for the present. The initial step for the introduction of a bill to amend the Mining Statute has been taken. The question of the Government giving money encouragement to mining prospectors has also been pressed forward, but the Go- vernment refuse action in that direction RAILWAYS AND WATER SUPPLY. The question of railway extension has ob- tained early consideration by this Parliament, particularly in reference to the £300,000 (£200,000 in 1870, and £100,000 during the first six months of 1871), which has been appropriated from the land fund for the purpose. From the day the Assembly began its sittings, hon. members have been eager for the fullest information in respect to nar- row gauge lines, which are highly favoured in many quarters. On the motion of Mr. Ker- ferd, a select committee has been appointed to inquire into and report upon the Fairlie and other alleged systems of economical railways, the cost of construction and maintenance, together with the question of gauge. The Government at once consented to the proposal, and during the discussion which followed several members proposed that one of the lines between Geelong and Ballarat and Sandhurst and Melbourne should be taken down and laid elsewhere, as a single line was quite sufficient for the traffic. Since its appointment the committee has boon prosecuting its investigations vigor- ously, The condition of our water supply works has also been brought before the Assembly, although it was well known that Colonel Sankey, the hydraulic engineer of Indian experience who was recommonded to this Government by the Viceroy of India, had been busily engaged in examining the whole of our water supply works with a view to a report which he has not yet fur- nished. The question arose upon a motion of Mr. Zeal, of Castlemaine, who moved that a select committee be appointed to inquire into and report on the causes which led to the dismissal from the public service of Mr. Christopherson, chief Engineer, Mr. Shake- spear, district engineer, and Mr. Woods (now M.L.A. for Crowlands), assistant- engineer of the works at Malmsbury. A lengthy discussion ensued, in the course of which it was urged that it would be highly injurious and imprudent to appoint such a committee until after Colonel Sankey had sent in his report, and the Minister of Mines showed that during an investigation into the works, undertaken by a select committee of the House in 1860, the officers referred to had purposely concealed the true condition of the works, and the fact that the outlet pipes at . the Malmsbury dam were even then frac- tured. Ultimately the motion was with- drawn, but a few nights after Mr. Woods re- vived the subject and entered into a personal explanation relative to the charges against him. Albeit his remarks developed new reasons for censuring the action of the Water Supply department, he practically admitted the charges of concealment made against him. Ho was duly replied to by the Minister of Mines, and the end was that Mr. Zeal regretted having taken up the time of the House in the first instance by bringing the matter forward. FINANCE.-THE GOVERNMENT BUDGET. On Tuesday last, the Treasurer having complied with «U the formalities of tho House, laid upon the table «the Estimates for the year 1871-72, and then, ,in Com- mittee of Ways and Means, proceeded to, submit the budget for the ensuing financial year. Mr. Francis said that the deficit, which in November lost he estimated at £74,184, would bo, in reality, reduced to some £17,000, because tho payments on account of debentures, the census, and the general elec- tion, would spread over the whole year, and therefore, to agrcat extent, remainedstill to bo mado, because tho financial year did not deter- mine on the 31st December, 1871, but on the Suth"June, 1872. In consequence of theincreaso of his proposed expenditure by the House, which just .before the closo of last session voted £40,000 to repair flood damages, the money to be taken from next year's revenuo, and also of alterations on the credit side of tho balance-sheet, his estimated balance to the credit of 1871 had beon reduced from £43,055 to £34,185. Taking recoups into con- sideration, the revenue for the first half of tho present year showed a deficiency of £41,586 upon his estimate. At that time ho calculated to expend £1, SOG, 938, but taking into account the supplementary estimates which would bo submitted for the first half of the present year, amounting to £14,785, the real expenditure would be £3,503 above the estimate, or a total of £1,810,501. Thus, tho increased expenditure on behalf of 1870, the deficiency first contemplated on tho first six months of 1871 of £74,184, and the deficiency in the revenue for the last named period of £163,202, which had to be carried over to ihe financial year 1871-72, would result, he esti- mated, in a probable deficit at the end of June, 1872, of £37,310. Having re- ferred to the various items on which the deficiency had arisen during the first half of the present yoar, he proposed during 187172 to spend £3,493,148, which, added to the defi- ciency, left £3,048,350 to be provided for. Tho estimated revenuo, under present circum- stances, including £13,490 recouped from waterworks, was £3,311,040. This left an apparent deficiency of £337,310 now to be pro- vided for. Tho sources from which he ex- pected to obtain his revenuo were-Customs, £1,347,000 ; oxciso, £49,000; territorial, £829,300, including £220,000 from sales of land by auction ¡ public works, £722,000 ; ton- nage, £19,000; post- office, £131,500; fees, £95, G00; fines, £4,450; and from miscellane- ous itoms, £90,700. Oat of the proposed ex- penditure of £3,495,148, £1,445,340 was re- quired by the various special appropriations under various acts of Parliament, and on our debenture account. After alluding to the various items of expenditure, the hon. gen- tleman argued that there was no way by which the expenditure could judiciously be reduced so as to bring it within the apparent revenue. It was also to be remembered that £200,000 per annum was being laid by for the purposes of railway extension. Although the present position of affairs was neither finan- cially nor commercially prosperous, yet it must be remembered that "the colony had been passing through an exceptional state of things, and there was nothing the future which required to be garded with apprehension. Although, leaving things as tboy were, there would at the end of the ensuing financial year-on the 30th June, 1872-be a probable deficiency of £337,310, it must be remembered that unless the money was previously spent, there would bo £500,000 in hand for the purposes of rail- way extension. It was proposed to reduco the postage on town letters to Id., and on all newspapers posted and delivered in tho colony, or sent by ordinary ships, id. Postal cards would also bo issued, which could bo sent to any part of the colony for Id. The question was, how was the deficiency to which he had alluded to be mado up ? The Government proposed to make an alteration in the tariff. All tho 5 per cent, ad valorem aunes it was intended to abolish. Some of the articles which had hitherto ranged under this head Would como in free, others would be promoted to the 10 per cent. list. Tho duty on beer in bottle was to be in- creased from 6d. to 9d. per gallon. This gave an estimated increase in revenuo of £8,000. An additional duty of 6d. per lb.' would bo imposed on unmanufactured tobacco, making tho duty Is. Gd. per lb. Coffee, chicory, chocolate, and cocoa were raised from 2d. to 3d. per lb. Rice was raised from 2s. per cwt. to 2s, Gd, per 1001b. Malt was raised from Cd. to Is. per bushel, and hops from 2d. to 3d. per lb. ; dried fruits and vegetables, sweetmeats, jams, confectionery, preserved meats and fish, and articles of that descrip- tion, were raised from Id. to l_d. in the lb. The duty on doois was increased from Is. to Is. Gd. each ; that on grain and pulse was raised from 9d. per cwt. to 9d. por 1001b., and on ground or prepared grain to Is. per 1001b. ; oatmeal, pearl and Scotch barley, to 2s. per 1001b.; oil, to 6d. per gallon. Woollen piece goods and mixod woollen goods wero to be subjected to a duty of 7é per cent At the same time, the tax on made-up apparel and slops was increased to 12¿ per cent. Thora wero also some other items which would rate under the 12A per cent, list, and the total result of the proposed changes was au estimated increase oi the Customs revenue of £188,000. This, how- ever, did not próvido for tho whole of tho deQoiency, and it was proposed to raise a fur- ther sum by imposing a tax of Gd. in the £ upon the rateable value of allproporty. This would be called a police rate, and it was estimated would produce £120,000 net. Thus tbe proposed alterations in the tariff and the polico rato would increase the revenue by £300,000, reducing the probable deficiency at the end of tho coming financial year to somo £37,000. He concluded by moving that with the view of raising the supply to bo gi anted to Hor Majesty, the various now duties which he had onumorated should be imposed, instead of those now in force, after tho 17th May. The topic was not carried further that night, oxcopt to discuss the mode of procedure, and to authoriso the Commis- sioner of Customs to take tho nocossary stops to protect the revenue (It may be stated in parenthesis that, during a few days before the budget speech, there was much taking of goods out of bond and other speculation, all of which, however, missed its mark). On tbo following night the debate was resumed, but after a most lame and impotent fashion. Mr. Borry, the Treasurer of tho lato Adminis- tration,'attacked tho Treasurer's statement, but ho 'failed to impress the House, for his remarks wero inconclusive, and betrayed a very limited acquaintance with the subject. Tho Minister of Railways, Mr. Wilson, briefly replied, and the discussion almost seemed ended. It appeared, however, that many lion, members, including Mr. Langton (the Treasurer of tho Sladen Administration), wantcd'more time, because tho information required 'to enable a full criticism of the Treasurer's figures had only boen laid on the tablo of the House in a looso manuscript form. On the third night of the debate the House rose- to something like the dignity of tho occasion. Mr. Langton resumed the dis- cussion by assorting that it was a question whether in setting aside £200,000 a-year from the land fund for railway extension the loss so far to tho revenuo was to bo made up by fresh taxation. Ho condemned the existing practice of overrating the revenuo, and pre- senting fictitious balance-sheets to Parlia- ment, and urged the House to consider whether the Government propositions met tho whole difficulty, because the land revenue was necessarily declining, and would in 1874 bo £170,000 less than in 1870. To his miud tho means proposed by tho Government wero .unreasonable and inconsistent. The x distillation of spirits and the manufacture of cigars wonld bo almost stopped if the tariff proposed was agreed to. Then 33 por cent, was placed upon jam in order to encourage thoso persons who mado raspberry jam out- of pumpkins and cloverseed, and tho samo thing applied to vinegar and roany other colonially-manufactured articles. The influence of all protection was decidedly immoral, for it led men to look to Parliament for 'that success which should depend upon themsolves alono. Even if tho now tariff wore carried, he did not believe tho Treasurer would receive from it the amount he antici- pated, for moat undoubtedly tho result of tho propoeod duties would be to chock importa- tion; Ho condemned the proposod property tax, because it wasimpossible to make the land- lord'pay it. In overy instance it would fall cither directly or indirectly on tho tenant. He suggested that considerable savings could bo mado in tbo items of grants for charitablo institutions and educational purposes, and by mairim; our ponai institutions self-supporting.. Sir Jamos < M'Culloch said that when tho ¿200,000 per annum was laid aside either as a sinking fund'or for railway construction, ho had very distinctly before him the neces- sity Which would arise for additional taxa- tion: The difficulty in the finances arose neithor from a failing revenue nor from in- creased expenditure, but the 'resolution of Parliament yearly to lay aside the sum ho had'alluded to out of the land fund. The great1 question to bo considered was, was this'country overtaxed? He answered that ^ in tho negativo ; for, expunging all that was paid for public works, education, charitablo institutions, and other votes of that de- scription, only £7G3,00O waa, asked by the central Government for Executtvo purposes ; end that was but a fraction more than d31 per head on a population of 729,000. ÎThero was, howover, a doficioncy of ovor $300,000, and that must bo met, either by reducing tho amount to be spent on' public works, charitable institutions, or education,, or by additional taxation. The policy of the Government was to obtain revenue, and in obtaining revenue to afford enoouragemont to the industries of tbe country. If therefore the principle of the Government policy was accepted, ho would not object to a modifica- tion of any particular item which was showa to be unjust to any portion of the community. Coming to tho property tax, ho regarded that as the thin end of the wedgo. He would be glad to havo an income tax also-in fact, to make every kind of property pay its fair pro- portion, but they could not do all they wished at once. He thought it was matter of con gratulation, seeing the exceptional circum- stances through which the country had passed, that the revenue had held out so well. Mr. Harker followed by protesting against the excessivo cost of the government of the country. He argued that there were many means of reducing tho expenditure, and thought a return to the old tea and sugar duties would bo far .moro oxpedient than tho imposition of a property tax. Mr. Stephen, in the way of economy, recommended a re- duction in tho number of Cabinet Ministers, ana a readjustment of the departments with a view to lessen -the exponse, and thereupon the debate was adjourned till next week. The colonial manufacturers of tobacco have petitioned tho Assembly against the tariff as touching their interests, and the distillers, curriers, boot and shoe manufacturers, and others using imported goods of that descrip- tion, are also preparing to take similar action regarding the proposed alteration in the tariff in their respect, as ruinous to them. OTHER MEASURES, &C.; The Solicitor-General has brought in several other bills, more or less indicated in the Governor's speech. The first of these was a Criminal Law and Practice Amendment Bill. This measure, besides dealing with several matters of detail, proposed to alter the law in respect to offences against women and chil- dren. In dealing with such offences, it was proposed to inflict upon offenders threo Hoggings of 50 lashes each in addition to im- prisonment. The question of the punishment of juvenile offenders, such as the boy larrikins who infest the streets, and who, although not altogether bad or vicious, manage to make themselves serious nuisances, was also dealt with, and it was proposed to inflict on such offenders a summary whipping, which would not bo so severe as the penal flogging inflicted on older criminals for graver offences, nor would the same stigma be attached to it. The debate which ensued developed a strong feeling on the part of a few members (several of whom have been aptly described as themselves the "larrikins" of the Assembly) against the application of the birch to boys as too ignominious a punish- ment.' The House, however, read the billa second time, and adopted its main principles by a largo majority. Nevertheless, the Go- vernment bave so far yielded to the objec- tions made as to promise to bring in a separate bill to deal with the larrikin nuisance, adhering therein, however, to the principles set out in the former mea- sure, which minus the "larrikin" clauses is now in course of progress through com- mittee. The Solicitor-General has also introduced a Lands Compensation Statute Amendment Bill, which has passed through all its stages in the Assembly, and a Gaols Statute Amendment Bill, which is in committee. Mr. Francis, the Treasurer, has, as a private member, introduced a bill to renew the charter of the Bank of New South Wales, a proposition which is not yet opposed, but which has quickened the desire of bon. members that the Govern- ment should bring in a comprehensive bank- ing measure. On this hoad the Government bos promised a select committee, but cannot offer new legislation this session. Mr. Casey has brought in a bill declaring eight hours a legal day's work, and also a liquor sales permissive bill. The former has been read a second time, and remains, apparently, hung up in committee. The latter bill has not been advanced far. The only other marked ovent of the session is a series of attacks from a particular section of the House upon the Minister of Lands, on account of his administration of the Lands office. There are, doubtless, grave defects in our land system, but hitherto Mr. Macpherson has in his replies been able to hold his own, and a little moro, Some bitter allusions to the enormous reserves, which have hitherto baffled selectors, he met by pointing out, in the first place, that it was not he who had made the reserves, and that ia every case, when the question of access to water was not endangered, ho had cancelled the reserves, Some approximate returns, indicating "the general results of the late census, havo boen laid beforo Parliament. They will be found tabulated in another column. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The Upper House has been praiseworthily active so far this session, although its main business necessarily depends upon the action of the more popular chamber. The adop- tion of an address in reply to the Governor's speech was moved by Mr. F. Robertson, and seconded by Mr, A. Fraser, and carried nem. con. The Council also adopted an address of ^condolence to Lady Palmer, the widow the late President, and whom the Govern- ment propose to pension. Mr. A'Beckett, Comroissionerof Customs, has already brought in two bills, one a Fencing Bill, the principles of which have not yet boen explained, as it is only in course of initiation ; and the other a Justices of the Peace Statuto Amendment Bill. The latter measure sets at rest certain doubts as to the legality of the method of appointing magistrates, and gives some wel- come facilities in the matter of backing war- rants and summoning witnesses, It has been read a second time, and is now passing through committee. The Commissioner of Customs bos Riven notico of a bill to establish a marine board of Victoria. THE ESTIMATES FOR 1871-72. . The following are tho Estimates of the Revenue of Victoria for the ensuing financial year, viz., from July 1, 1871, to June 30, 1872 :- ' ' No. I.-CUSTOMS. £ Spirits .' ... .50,000 Wlno . 80,000 Beer and cldor. " .. 23,000 Tobacco and snuff . 180 000 Olgarg . ...... 12,000 Tea . 03.000 Susar and molasses. 81,0M) Oolloo, chicory, cocoa, and chocolate .. 13,000 Opium. 21,030 Rice . 11,000 Hops . ".. 0,000 Matt . 8,000 All otbor artlcloa . ,,. 880,000 Wbarfago ratos. _ .. 02 000 Dulles on Elver Murray gooda. .. .. 18,000 £1.817,000 No. II.-EXCISE. - Spirits dlBtlllod In Victoria. 82,000 PubllcanB' llconocs . C.OOO Auctioneers' llconcea. 5,000 All oiner llconcca . 0,000 49,000 No. ni.-TKIWITORIA-, Sales of land by auotion . 220.000 Hecolpts towards tliopurchaao of landa .. 120,000 Itonta and Hcencoi ._ .. ._. .. - 203,800 Pastoral occupation. '181,000 Minors'rlghtB ,. ... 10,000 Business licoricos .. . 3,600 LcaBes of auriferous arid mineral land) _ 25 000 Water right and searching llconoos, ¿co. .. 1,000 _J820TiOO No. IV.-POBHO WORKS- - Ballway Incomo...010,000 Wator fupply-Yan Yean . 71,000 Wator supply on tho gold-flolds .. .. 600 Klcotrlo telegraph . 87,000 Toll receipt» . 600 £722,000 No. V.-POMS AH» HARBOOHB. - Tonnsgo .. ., _, ., £10,000 No. VI.-Pom OFÏ1CB, _______ Postage. 130000 Commlsulon on monoy orders - .. .. 4,500 181,600 No. VII.-Funs. - Supremo Court _ ..- .. ., .. 18.080 1 General Sessions and County Courta., .. 4,320 Courts of Minos .. .. _, .. 700 Courts ol Potty Bossions . 10,000 under tho Transfer of Land Btatulo .. 16,006 Duties on «tato» of deceased parsons .. 17,600 All other fees. 80,000 05,000 No. VIII.-FIKES. -. Supremo Court, General Boulons, and County Courts.. .- _, Courts of Potty Sessions .. .. :. 2, All otber fines and forfeiture _ ,. .. 2 4,450 NO. IX-MlBCHIiANBOOS - Itents (exclusive of lands). 1,400 Government Frintor. 7,000 labour of prisoners .. . . -. -. 8,000 Industrial and reformatory schools .. .. 2,000 Storage of gunpowder .. .. - .. 1,800 Sale of Government property. 6,000 All other receipts . -. 72,000 08,700 Total estimated rorenue-.£3,207,650 Tho following ia an abstract of the esti !,mated Etponditure for the service of tho [ J year ending 30th June, 1872 : !,mated Etponditure for the service of tho [ J year ending 30th June, 1872 : In -addition, the following special appro- priations for the year have to be included in the expenditure for the year : l8 and 10 Vlo. cap. fififand 27 Vic. No. 189) Part I.-Governor's Balary, ealary ol staff, &o.;£10,030 Part II.-Chief JuBtico, £3,000; three Puisne Judge;, at £3,600, £7.600; Mos'er In Fqulty, £1,600. 12,000 Part Iir.-Hor Majesty- J-inintors .. .. 11,000 Part IV.-Clerk und expenses of tho Exe- cutive Council, £1.600 ; Clork and Ex- penses of tho Legislativo Couocll, £1,000 6,500 Part V.-Pensions to' officers appointed during good behaviour (Act 26 Vic. No. 236) .. .. -. 4,000 Part VI.-Compensation to tho following ofllcere, retired on political grounds : Tho Attorney General, £033 0l 8d. ; the Collector of Customs (H. O. E. Childers), * £806 18s. 4d.; tbe Survojor- Qenorat (Andrew Clarke), £800 . 800 Part VII.-Pensions to persons released from responsible offices on political grounds . 2.000 Part VIII.-Public worship. 47 000 10 Vic. No. 81 -University ol Melbourne.. 9,000 17 Vic. Noa IB and 23.-Liquidation ot Cor- poration bonds . 36,000 18 Vic. No. 10.-Principal of Water and SeweracoDobonturos due January 1,1872 60,000 £189,800 Interest on loans .. _, Pensions, ¿to. To lol estimated expon dituro.. IKTEREST ON LOANS. For Hallways 19 Vic. No. 16. _. £S,890 21 Vic. No. 30. _. 480,000 26 Vic. No. 160. _. 18,000 29 Vic. No. 287. 16,000 32 Vic. No. 831. 105,350 For Waterworks l8 Vic. No. 10. 3,000 29Vic.No. 287.- .. 30,000 32Vlc.No, 882. 18.000 31 Vic. No, 371. 5,000 For Defences 29 Vic. No. 287 .. .. -, .. .. 0,000 For Gravlnit Dock 82VIC No. 382. 12,600 Expenses In connexion with the payment of loans and intercbt .. ., .. .. 9,000 £706.210 PENSIONS, _O. 21 Vic. No. 20-R. Hoddlo, Etq., £1,000: Mr«. Petrie, £100. 1,100 25 Vic. No. 100-Olvll Sorvlco .. .. 18.000 31 Vic. No. 800 -Lunacy Statute .. .. 60 83 Vic. No. 816-County Court Statute .. 760 22 Vic. No. SO-Commiasionera of Audit .. 8,000 20 Vic. No. 279-Electoral exponaos .. 8.000 29 Vic No. 201-Mining; Boards .. .. 8 600 20 Vic. No. 298-Foreign mall» .. .. 42,000 Do.-Gratuitlos to lnnrjtors ol vessel .*. 2,000 Do.-Interest on Post-office 8avlngs Bank depoiits. 10,000 27 vic. No. 170. soo. 212-Endowmont ot road districts .. ._ . 15,000 Do., seo 221 . 8000 81 Vic. No. 807-Ihe Mint..' 0,000 33 Vic. No. 358, Bec 203-Shire councils .. 100,000 Do., sec. 295-do. 35,000 Do., sec 200-do. 12,500 88 Vic. No. 359, sec. 294-Borough councils 2,000 33 Vic. No. SOO-Ballway loan liquidation and construction account. 200,000 33 Vlo. No. 862-LBdy Darling's annuity .. " 1,000 81 Vic. No. 888-Expense» of mcnibors of Parliament. 27,900 Total special appropriations .. ..£1,415 310 Total ordinary appropriations ..£2,019,808 Total expenditure .. .. ...£3,105,148 PKOPOSED CHANGES IN THE TARIFF. The following is the table of import duties as proposed by the Treasurer in his budget speech : Spirits or strone waters of any atrongth not oxoeod lng the strength of proof by Sykes'« hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater strength than the strength of proof-10s. per gallon, or 40s. for oach ro putod four-gallon case, or 20s. for each reputed two gallon caso, when tho said casos respectively do not contain more thin the roputed contents, and so on for each reputed tallon or part of a (tallon. SpiritB, cordials, liqueurs, orstrong waters, sweetened or mixed with any article, so that tho degree of strength cannot bo ascertained bySykos's hydrometer (including all alcohol diluted or undiluted with water or other menstruum, and containing In solution any essence, essential oil, ether, or other flavourln. or other substance, whether of natural or artificial origin) -10s. per gallon. Spirits, porlumod-10s. per gallon. Spirits, methylated-2s. per gallon. Alo, porter, spruco or other boor, cider and parry, In wood-Od. por gallon. Ale, porter, spruco or other beer, cider and perry, bottled-Od, per gallon. Bacon, biscuits, butter, candios, oheeae, hams, lard, mustard, nuts, almonds (not shelled), cloves, ginger, pepper, pimento, sago, tapioca, gluo, soap, starch blue-Id. per lb. Fruits and vegetables (dried or proEorved), arrow- root, sweotmcats, comfits, confectlonory. jams, maca- roni, maizona, maize flour or corn flour, shelled AlmondB, preserved meats and fish not salted or dried or preserved in brine, Buceados, sugar candy, vermi- celli, and spices not specially enumerated-ljd. per pint or pound, or roputed package of that quantity or «eight, and not less than a elegió rate for any portion of any euch r.putcd quantity or weight. Tea, codeo, chicory, chocolato, cocoa, hops-3d, por lb. Powder (sporting)-!?-, por lb. Powder (blasting) and shot-Id, por lb. OigoTB-6s. por lb. Malt-le. psr bushel. Opium, Including all goods, wares, and merchandise mixed or saturated with opium, or with any prepara- tion or solution thoreof, or stooped therein re- spectively, lOi. per lb. Plate of gold-8s. per oz. troy. Plate of silver-1B. per oz. troy. Bice- 2e. Od. per 1001b. Bice paddy, oitmcal, pearl and Se itch barley-2s. per 1001b. . Salt-20s. per ton. Soda crystal!-10s per ton. Provisions, salted, dried, or preserved in brine, In- cluding fish not otherwlae enumerated-5s. por cwt. Snuff-2s. per lb. Tobacco, manufactured-2s. por lb, Tobacco,-unmanufacturod-It, Gd. per lb. Varnish-2s, por gallon. Vinegar, not being acetic acid or crude vlnogar, aromatic or raspberry-Cd. por gallon. Acotlc acid-Od por pint or lb. Doors-Is. Od. each. Window sashes-Is. per pair. Wine- Ss. por gallon. Corn bags and sacks and others not specially enume- rated-1B. per dozen. Gunny bags-Od. per dozen. Wool packB or bags-Ss. per dozen. Cement-Od. per cwt. Fruit, green-Od. per bushel, i Grain and pulso of every kind, not otherwise enu- merated-Od. por 1001b. Grain and pulso of every kind, not otherwise enu- merated, when prepared, ground, or In any way manufacturai-Is. per 1001b. 1 Iron, galvanised-80s. per ton. , Iron, wire, Nos.l to li-20s. per ton. Naphtha ona turpentine-Is. per gallon. Nails and screw-40s per ton, Oils in bulk-Od per gallon. Points-40s. por ton. Paper, brown, grey, and all other descriptions of wrapping paper-8). per cwt. Paper bags-6s. per cwt. Piekles, salad oil, and vinegar, per dozen quarts or reputed quarts-la. Pickle«, salad oil, and vinegar, per dozen pinta or reputed pints-6d. Sauces, per dozen pinta or reputed pinta-1«. Sauces. In bottles not exceeding half pinta, per dozen-Gd. Blates-20s. per 1,000. Sugar and molasseB-Ss. per cwt. Timber dressed or planed-Is di. per 100 sup. ft, Timber undressed-9d. per 100 sup. ft Timber, laths-is. per 1 00*. Timber, shingles-Od. per 1,000. Timber, palings-Od. per 100. Leather ; woollen piece goods, or goods of eoUon, linen, or of other material mixed with wool ; mate- rials fabricated for qutlti, counterpanos, bed covers, towels, napklnB, table cloths and covers, toilet coven, antimacassars, curtains, handkerchiefs, and materials out out, defined, marked, or In any way prepared for making up-7J per cent, ad valorem, Cordago and twine; drugs and diuggista' waro ; fire- arms, ammunition, lufe, gun ootton or other material used for exploding purposes not otherwise enumerated, and Üreworki> ; lndiarubbor and guttapercha goods ; manufactures of iron, steel, copper, tin, lead, zinc, brass, or of'othor or mixed metals, including all hardware and ironmongery, agricultural implements, machinery, bollerB, castings, sheet load and piping j marble and stone, wrought; matches and vestas; papoihanelngs; plated and mixed motal ware; sta- tionery; touts and tarpaulins-10 P°r cent, ad valorem. Apparel and flops, and all articles made up wholly or in part from ulk, cotton, linen, or of wool, or ol other or ol mixed mateiials, woollen blankets or blanketing, rugs and rugging; boots and shoes; bruehware and wlokerware ¡ building materials, not specially enumerated : carpeting and druggetlng; carriages and carts ; chlnawaro and porcelain, oarthon ware, glass; glassware ; fancy goods, perfumery, combs, toys, and tobacconists' waro; fornitura; hats, caps, bonnets, hoblory, and gloves; jowels tnd jowol cry, musical Instrument«, watclios, and clocks ; matting, cocoanut or other ; oil or other floorcloths ; oilmen's stores, not otherwise onumorated ; oils, In- cluding castor or cod liver, when roOnod or for modi olnal purposes, and essential oils, not containing alco- hol ; caddies and harness, leatheiwaro or leather out into shapes, or articles made up of loathor, or any manufacture of which leather Is tho moat valuable part, including whips of any description ; silks and all manufactures containing Bilk ; turnery, woodenwaro, Including picture frames, shaped or dressed staves, and oaiiks-12J per cent, ad valorem. Euuirrious PROM IMPORT DUTIES. AU (roods, wares, and- mercbandiso not included In tho abovo tablo of Imported articles; epodo; sewing machines; passenger«" baggngo, cabin and other fur- niture or personal effects which havo been In uio and aro not imported for sale ; carriages and other vehicles used in the conveyance of passengers and goods across the frontlor ; all packages In which goods aro ordi- narily imported; hatten' felt hoods and silk plush; minor articles of mixed or undoscribod materials used In the making lip of apparel, bootsand shoes, saddlery, umbrollaB, and pianofortes ; cocoanut« ; fish, salted, dried, or preserved in brine, and whalo oil, the pro- duce of whales caught from vessels registered and exclusively owned in and Qttod out from Victorian ports; cocoanut and palm olia; anchors, chain cables, nails and bolts ol copper and yellow metal, picking or sheathing felt for nhlps' uso ; all bar, rod, plato, or «beet metala»not specially enumerated; hoop iron; cast iron gas and water pipes ; logs whose least dimen- sions aro 121c. by 12in. EXCISE DUTIES, Spirits distilled In Victoria : Upon every gallon of spirits distilled from milt, grain, roots, grapes, or wine-8s. Upon every gallon of spirits distilled from sugar, treacle, molasses, or from wort, waäh, or spent wash, with which sugar, troaclo, or molassos has boen mado or mixed, or from beer or ale- 9s. Spirits distilled In Victoria, when motbylatod, per gallon-2d THE OLD (OR EXISTING) TARIFF. For tho sake of comparison wo append tho tariff, which finally became law in July, 1867, and has been in force up to the present : Tins NEW TARIFF. TAME OF IMFOKT AND EXPORT DUTIES. Articles Imported by Land or Sea, 8pirits or strong waters of any strength not ex- ceeding tho strength of proof by Sykes' hydro- meter, and so In proportion for any greater strength than tho stronsth of proof, from and after the 1st Ootobor, 1807,10«, per galton or 10s. for each reputed four-gallon case, or 20s, for each reputed two-gallon cass, when the said cases respectively do not contain moro than the reputed contents, and so on tor each reputed gallon or part of a gallon. Spirits, cordials, liqueurs, or strong waters, sweetened or mlxcu with any article,BO that the degree of strength cannot be ascortalned by Sykes' hydrometer (Including all alcohol diluted or undiluted with water or other menstruum, and containing in solution any osience, essential oil, ether, or othor flavouring or other substanco, whether of natural or artificial origin), per gallon ,. ., .:.10a, Spirits, poif umed, per gallon.103. Ale, porter, spruce, or other beor, cider, and perry, per gallon in wood, or for lix reputed quart bottles, or for 12 reputed pint bottles .. .. 6d. Olgars, per lb. .,.6s. Coffee and chicory, cocoa and chocolate, per lb... 2d. Doors, each .Is. Dried and preseivcd fruits and vegetables, bacon, biscuits, butter, candles, cbocse, comfits, con- fectionery, hams, jams, lard, macaroni, maizena, nuts of all kinds (not Including cocoa nuts), preserved meats and Ash, soap, starch, succades, sweetmeats, vermicelli, per lb. or pack- age of that reputed weight.Id. Hops, por lb.2d. Malt, per bushol. _. ,.0d. Opium (including all goods, wares, and merchan- dise mixed or saturated willi opium, or with any preparation or solution thereof, or steeped therein respectively), per lb.10s. Plate of gold, per oz. troy.8s. Plate of Uiver, por oz. troy.Is. Rice, per cwt. _ .. ..2s. Salt, portón.203. Salted provisions, including fish not otherwise enumerated, and not caught from vessels owned in the colony, per cwt. ..6s. Snuff, perlb. _ .2s. Sugar and molasses, per cwt. .. 3J. Tea, per lb. .. - .8d. Tobacco (manufactured), per lb. _ .. .. 2s Do. (uLmanufacturcd), por lb.Is. Do. (shedpwash), per lb.3d. Varnish, per gallon.2s. Vinegar, per gallon ...Od. Window cashes, per pair .Is. Wine, per gallon, in wood ; or for six reputed quart bott'es, or for 12 roputod pint bottlos .. 33. -gilcultura! tmplen-pnts, apparel, and slops, and all articles made'up wholly or In part from fabrics of silk, wool, cotton, linen, or mixed materials, excepting corn and wool bags ; boots and shoes, bruBltw-re, building material, except timber otlierwiso dutiable ; carpeting and drug geting, oil, floor-cloth, mats, and rugs ; car- riages, copperwaro, brasawaro, zlncware, and galvanisod lronwero ; cordsge, oarthe aware, china, and .porcelain ; fuse, furs, furniture, glass and glassware, gloves, glue, hats, caps, and bonnets ; hoslory, jowels, and jewellery, lead, sheet and piping; loath er waro, machinery and boilers; marble and stono, wrought; matches and vestai, metal castings and all articles made up tborefrom; millinery, musical Instruments, oilmen's stores not other- wise enumerated, including tapioca, Bago, arrowroot, splcos, pepper, and ginger ; per- fumery, plated and mixed motal wares, sad- dles and harnees, Bilks and all manufactures containing silt, stationery, touts and tarpaulins, tinware bright, lacqueredware and japanned ware, tobacconists' ware, toys and fancy goods, turnery, watches and clocks, wlckerware, woodenware, woollen blankets, por cent, ad valorem .£10 Grain and pulso of ovory kind not otherwise enumerated, por cwt. . .. 0J. Crain and pulBO of every kind not otherwiso enumerated, when ground or lu any way pre , pared or manufactured, por owt. ..Is. Oils of ali kind, In bu<k, except cocoanut and palm oils, por gallon.- ..3d. All imported gooda including corn and wool bags, not enumerated in the Ion going list, nor in- cluded in tho sppended schodulo of exemptions, per cent., ad valorem .£6 LIST OF AhTICLFS KXEMPT-D FROSI -TUB PAVMEKT OP HtrOKT »UTI-. Anchors, chain cables aud shackles over _!n. ela meter; animals and birds; wrapping and printing paper, card and millboard ; printed books and news- papers ; printing materials and ink ; coal, cokj», and kerosene sbalo; cottons, UnenB, woollens, canvas, and bagging in tho piece ; cotton, raw, wick md waato ; hatters' felt, hoods and Bilk plush ; Mlk-mixed doeskins or tweed trouserings and ci atinge not containing moro than 2 per cent, of silk ; hogsklns, and minor articles used In making saddlery ; quartz, quicksilver, rags,sulphur, resin, andsaltpetro ; hemp, jute, flax, coconnut flbro, and unsorviceablo cordage ; froth meat and fish ; guano and other ma- nures, plants; cocoanut and palm oil, wool, tallow, hides and BkinB, horns and hoofs; coln and bullion ; iron In tho ore and in scrap, pig, bar, rod, or plain sheet; hoop Iron, iron pipes, railway Iron rails ; wiro, r?o. 12 upwards ; block and stiect tin ; zinc and coppor, in oro, ingot, and sheet ; load In ore, pig, and scrap; yellow metal, bul ta and nails, and sheathing felt j steel; timber In logs 12in, tquaro and upwards; «booka and btaves ; stono and marble, unwrought ; millstones ; pitch and tar ; soda ash and caustic sod» ; silicate of soda and potash ; specimens of natural his- tory and curiosities ; bair and bristles ¡ tolegraphio mate- rials ; minor articles of mixed or undeserlbed materials used in tho making up of apparel ; sowing-machines ; metal work and minor orticlu» used In manufacturing pianofortes; passongors' luggago, cabin and othor furn i turo or personal effects which luve been In use, and are not imported for sale; carriages and othor vehicles used in the conveyance of paesongers and goods across tho frontier ; and all packages In which goods aro orainnrlly Imported. EXCISE DUTIES, Spiiits distilled In Victoria : Upon every gallon of spirits distilled from malt, grain, roots, grapes, or wino .. . .. .-Oí. upon every gallon of splritB distilled from sugar, treacle, motaos, or from wort, wash, or spent wash, with w hlcli BUgar, treaole, or molasses lias been mado or mlxod, or from beor or alo - .. 8s. SplritB dlBlllled in Victoria, when methylated, per gallon.5 per cent. DEATHS OF OLD COLONISTS. SIR JAMES F. PALMER. Death is fast thinning tbe ranks of the old colonists, several of whom bave this month passed away. On the'23rd April Sir James Frederick Palmer, late President of the Legis- lative Council, and one of tbo earliest of tbo Victorian settlers, died at bis residence, Bar* wood, at Hawthorn, of heait disease, from which ho had suffered moro or loss for several yeaTs. Sir James Palmor was a son of the Rev. John Palmer; of Great Torrington, Devon, and Prebendary of Lincoln ; nephew of the Vory Rev. Joseph Palmor, Dean of Cashel, and of Mary, first Marchioness of Thomond, and great nophew of Sir Joshua Reynolds. Ho was born at Torrington, and was educated for the medical pro- fession. Mr. Palmor carno to Melbourne i in the year 1840, and commenced practico in the city. Shortly after the incorporation of Melbourne, bo was elected to the City Council as one of tho representatives for Lonsdale . Ward, and in 1845 he was chosan' mayor of Melbourne. Soon afterwards, Mr. Palmer turned his attention to squatting pursuits. He entered upon a station situate on Muston's Creek, near Hexham, in the Western district, and, while in that locality, ho was elected to represent tho Port Phillip district in tho Legislative Council of Kew South Wales. This distinction, however, ho resigned within a year.» On tbe. separation of Port Phillip j from Kew South'Wales, Mr. Palmer sought a seat in the Legislative Council of Victoria from the electors of Normanby, Dundas, and ' Follet-thon forming one constituency. lío was returned, and, on tho Houso meeting,' ho was elected Speaker, a position which ho retained throughout tho oxistence of no- minee government. On the inauguration of the Constitution, giving responsible go- vernment to the colony and creating two Houses of Parliament, Mr. Palmer choso tbo Upper Chamber as the sceno of his futuro labours. Accordingly, he became a candi- date for the representation of the Western Province in tho Legislativo Council, and was returned in September, 1850. On the Houso meeting in November, he was olected Pre- sident ; and in the following yoar the honour of knighthood was conferred upon him. Sir James continued to occupy tue President's chair till ho retired from tho Council by rotation, in 1870, when, in consequenco of his failing health, he did not seek re-election. Sir James Palmer was also chairman of the old National Board of Education and of tho present Educational Board, and was a member of council of the University, and a trustee of the Public Library. He was interred in tho Melbourne Cemetery, his remains being fol- lowed to the grave by a largo number of the members of both branches of the Legislature, and representatives of the numerous public bodies with which Sir James had been con- nected. CAPTAIN ALEXANDER It'ORAE. The death of Captain Alexander M'Crae at Richmond, on the 8th May, hal made another gap in the ranks of the pioneers of Victoria. Although it is many years since ho left public life. Captain Alex. M'Crae ulled a prominent position in Victoria during the earlier years of our colonial existence. His career has been a long one. He was born on the 25th January, 1709, at Edinburgh, and was the son of William Gordon M'Crae, Westbrook, Midlothian, barrister. He entered the army at the age of 14, and held a commis- sion, first in the regiment of " Chasseurs Britanniques," and afterwards, when that Corps was diabanded, in tho 84th Foot (York and Lancaster). He served for many years in Ireland, Great Britain, and the Wast Indies,especiallyat Jamaica. Inl821, in H. M.S. Dromedary, Captain M'Crae sailed with troops for Sydney, and thereafter to the Bay of Islands, where during ten months the ship's crew were busily employed in pre- paring spars of Kauri pine for the British dockyards. While in Jamaica, Captain M'Crae waa. appointed aido-de-camp to General Sir Harry Smith, and, later, to General Sir John Keane. In the autumn of 1840 Captain M'Crae sold out of tho army, and in June, 1841, arrived with his wife and family at Port Phillip. Ho purchased land and settled at Richmond, and shortly after- wards entered the service of Government, holding an important position in the Trea- sury. Whon tho colony of Port Phillip was separated from Kew South Wales, and a local Government established, Mr. La Trobe, who was then Lieutenant-Govemor, ap- pointed Captain M'Crae Postmaster- General, which office ho held with credit until respon- sible government was instituted under the new Constitution, when, the office being mado a political one, ho gave up his appointment, accepting £3,000 in lieu of a pension. He now retired entirely from public life, save that he performed unremittingly for a number of years the duties of territorial magistrate in tbo Richmond district. Captain M'Crae enjoyed the respect and affection of all who knew him, and his loss is keenly felt by a large circle of friends and relatives. Captain M'Crao, who was a widower, leaves three sons and six daughters. MR. HUGH GLASS, On the 15th May, Mr. Hugh Glass, at one time reputed to be the most wealthy man in tho colony, expired at his resi- dence at Flemington. Mr. Glass came to the colony in 1840, and his career for a long time was ono of uninterrupted prosperity. He accumulated large quantities of land in various parts of the country. tnl8G2, the Go- vernment Gazelle, in its list of holders of pas- toral licences, showed him to be the lessee of over half a million acres, and beyond all this, his trusteeships, numerous partnerships, and other arrangements, gave him command of a large additional territory. He was also tho owner of 20,000 acres freehold estate, which cost him in some instances over £10 per acre, and held large station property in New South Wales, including 20 runs in the Lachlan dis tiict alono. When the Land Act of 18G2 was passed Mr, Glass was accusod of using his means to assist in evasions of the law, and when the Land Act of 1S05 was uudor discussion the scandal was renewed. It was revived with great force in 1869, when a Parliamentary committee inquired into the truth of this and other charges affect- ing the integrity of members of Parlia- ment. The result of the investigation was the adoption of a report, which accused Mr. Glass of aiding in the administration of a fund for promoting tho interests of land- holders by the bribing and unduo influencing of members of the Legislature. Upon this the Legislative Assembly summoned Mr. Glass to tbo bar of tho Houso, and, after refusing to allow him tho means of defend- ing himself/found him guilty of a contempt and breach of the privileges of the House. For this be was forthwith committed by the House to tho common gaol. The severity of this proceeding, the practical refusal of the House to allow Mr. Glass tho opportunity of defending himself in the only way in which defence was possible, and the fact that he was consigned, not to tho strong rooms of the House, but to the common gaol, caused public feeling to react strongly in his favour. Fortunately for him, his imprisonment did not last long. The virtue of the Speaker's war lant, under which he was held in custody, v?a$ disputed ; ho was brought before tho Supreme Court by habeas corpus, and the warrant being held to be bad [its form has since been de- clared by the Privy Council to be good), he was released. Before even this occurred it was whispered abroad that Mr. Glass's wealth, was not so great as reported, and soon after carno a crash. It was then found that the sudden fall in the price of wool, tbo consequent depreciation in the value of the securities given by him to the Colonial Bank of Aus tialasia (which actually lent him about a quarter of a million of money), and tho de- preciation in tho value of bis house property, taken together, proved too much for his sol \ency, for he was one who kept every penny of his money engaged in floating speculations and enterprises. He was, in fact, stripped of all his vast possessions, savo his house and grounds at Flemington and other proporty, all of which was settled on his wife and family. Tbeso losses and sufferings affected his health, and a disease of tho liver from which he was suffering was greatly aggra- vated. Of late, the malady became more formidable, and he continued to sink, until finally his bufferings wero cut short by an overdose of chloral, which ho had taken for the purpose of procuring sleep. MR, J. H. BAILEY, The month's obituary also includes the name of Mr. John Robinson Bailey, a mem- ber of the firm of Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co., warehousemen, and who at one time held tbo position of Minister of the Crown. Mr. Bailey, who at the time of his death was aged 45 years, was bom in Leicester. Ho arrived in this colony injune, 3852, and at once became engaged in the soft goods business. In 1858, having previously turned his attention to farming pursuits, he went to Ballarat, whero bo undertook tho -editorship of the Ballarat Star, which ho retained till he went into Parliament. Ho was, in August, 1859, returned for Ballarat West, and in Octo- ber of the samo year he became Postmaster General under the Nicholson Administration, After holding this office for a yoar, Mr. Bailey became Commissioner of Customs, a position which ho held only a month. His brief Par- liamentary career ended in February, 1801, and shortly afterwards ho entered the service of the firm of Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co., of which ho soon became a partner, which ho continued to bo till his death. Mr. Bailey has left a wife and six children. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. There havo not been any features of pecu- liarly special interest in regard to the mining industry of this colony during tho past month in so far as the real practical work of tho miner is concerned, but the occupation of gold-mining has been steadily pursued with satisfactory returns, the yiolds being quite equal, and in some instancos exceeding the ordinary averages. The whole question of mining, however, viewed from a legislatorial stand-point, has been prominpntly before tho public sinco tho election of tho new Legisla- tive Assembly, and it is now likely to be fully reviewed and amended, tbo Government having brought in a bill to Parliament the purpose of which is to remedy r existing grievances which havo been complained of, some of them for a long time, and to próvido fresh legislation to meet new phases of the industry which have shown themselves since the subject of mining was lost dealt with by Parliament.,, Tho provisions of tbo bill and its progress through the Assembly aro referred to elsowhero. The Mining department about a fortnight ago published, in a report, its statistics of mining for tho year 1870, but tho figures con tainedjin them can only bo taken approxi- mately, as they ard mostly collected by tho mining registrars and surveyors on the various gold-fields, wbo have no authority delegated to them by which thoy can compel accurato returns ¡ and thoy merely givo an estimate from the bost information the registrars and surveyors havo of the various points of in- terest in the several districts. According to the report, the number of miners employed in getting gold was, on tho 31st December. 1870, 69,247, less by 4,340 than on the 31st Doceraber, 18G9. Taking the mean numbera for the four quarters of oach year, the figures stand as follows : - \- Alluvial Minora. Quartz mitlers.] Xutal. 51,024 43,879 16,604 10,180 07,638 60,805 There was therefore a decrease in the number of alluvial minors of 7,145, and in the number of quartz miners of 78. The averago earnings of the miners in 1809 and 1870 were as follow : Alluvial Minors. Quartz Miners. Year. Kumbera. Karnlnge per Man por Annum, Numbera Earnings per Man per Annum, 1809 1870 51,021 48 870 £ a. d. 03 11 2} 01 8 5} 10,561 10,480 £ a. d. 128 0 0J 133 3 11} Dividing the value of the gold exported amongst the mean number of miners em- ployed during the year 1870, the average earn- ings per man for the year aro £81 Os. G'46d. In 1809 tbo avorage was £79 7s. 0'87d. This estimate of the department is founded only on the export of gold during tho year 1870, and cannot be considered as at all accurate, in consequence of the much larger amounts of gold which remained in tbo possession of the banks and privato owners at the close of 1870 than the amounts held by the same parties at the close of 1869. That there was a largo quantity of gold hold, as stated, at the close of 1870 was proved by the export returns for tho first three weoks in each of tho years named, the amount of Victorian gold exported in that time in 1869 having been only 66,278oz , as against 191,933oz. in a similar period in 1870, or 108,055oz. in favour of the latter year. If the yield of 1870 could have been accurately ascertained, the averago earnings per miner would have been some pounds higher than the sum stated above. The number of steam-engines and stamp heads employed in 1869 and 1870 was as fol- lows : ' Alluvial. Quartz Year. Num- ber. Afnrrogato Horse- power. Num ber. Aggregat» Horse- power. Numbor ol Stamp heads. I860.. 1870.. 408 403 0,060 0.015 077 711 12,700 18,572 6,362 0 622 The estimated total value of tho machinery and mining plant employed on the gold-ûolds on the 31st December, 1870, was £2,128,896, showing an increase as compared with tho estimate for 1869 of £20.227. There was a considerableincreaso in the num- ber of distinct quartz reefs, and in the extent of auriferous land opened up by the miners. The figures for the two yoars stand thus : No. of distinct Quartz Reefs. I Extent In oquaro milos of Auriferous Land. 2 881 -8.387 005} 9381 The following is an estimate of the value of the principal metals and minerals raised in the colony from the first discovery of the gold-fields to the 31st December, 1870 : Total Value. Gold. 39,300,32802. CJwt., at £4 per oz...£157,693 313 Silver. _ .. .. 6,017 fin . 237,204 Copper .. ... . _ 6,800 Antimony . 65,106 The gold-mining interest in the Ballarat district, hitherto the most productive in the colony, is presenting brighter prospects than it has done for many months. The yield of «old keeps up well, while dividonds are be- coming more frequent, and a few important discoveries of now ground havo been chro- nicled. In last month's summary it was stated that a most valuable discovery of an ex- tensive reef wash had been mado in the No. 4 shaft of the Band and Albion Consols claim, which had led to the revival in the minds of many persons of an old theory that was nover acted upon, namely, that the deep ground at Ballarat, from which most of the gold lhere bas been obtained, was but the original sur- face of tho country, which has since been inundated on four different occasions by volcanic eruptions, the time of the inunda- tions being so pistant from each other as to admit of gold being deposited on the drift soil which accumulated on each layer of basalt. The reefwash mentioned was found between the second and third rocks. The theory is that in sinking hitherto for the deep ground alone the intervening gold-bearing beds between the strata of lava havo been alto gothor overlooked, and sanguine hopes aro en- tertained of the discovery of extensive gold washes on . Ballarat, in positions whore hitherto it was taken for granted they did not exist. The Ballarat correspondent of The Argus, in a recent communication, after referring to the hopes raised by the dis- covery of the above new run of washdirt, says ' There is now also another theory, which, if not new, is at least a revived ono, namely that all tho ground under the volcanic forma- tion, on which Ballarat and Sebastopol stand, ought to be as rich in auriferous deposits as that to the east, which, from its higher eleva- tion, escaped burial by the lava, and which turned out such enormous quantities of gold in the early days of digging. So far, the amount of woik done on the old buried sur Face hears noproportion at all to that done on tho eastern ranges, the latter, including both hills and gullies, having been riddled and torn up from top to bottom and from end to end. Until within a very short period lately, there was but one instance)-that of tho Sir William Don wash-of any gold having been won from anytother part of the buried surface than the deep leads or gutters which had been followed from the present schistose surface for miles away, under the four layers of basalt. Having been proved in the schistose hills, and trace under the basalt, it waa easy enough to follow them when engine power was brought to bear to reduce the water ; but as there have been high spurs of these schistose rangos proved to run out easterly, and evon to crop up through the basalt, thero must have been, we naturally argue, a network of gutters or tributaries run- ning from theso spurs into the deeper leads, many of which have no doubt never been touched jet, and the great difficulty now will be to find thom. As wo havo no guide to therrjj we can see they must be opened up by thtí light of the digger's candió-not by the li^lit of the sun, and it will require no »niall amount of capital to effect such an opening." The returns from Sandhurst and the othor districts aro very satisfactory, and taken as a whole they give full justification for tho opinion now pretty generally entertained, that the decline in the yield of gold which lias been recorded for some years past has been stopped, and that in futuro we shall at all events maintain late averages, if wo do not increaso them considerably. Some very interesting statistics in con- nexion -with the yield of gold to tho Port Phillip and Colonial Gold-mining Company, with which was incorporated the Clunes Com- pany, have been prepared and published by Mr. li. H. Bland, of which the following is an abstract :-" The first month's crushing is re- corded for June, 1857, when 341 tons wore put through the battery, yielding an average of loz. lldwt. 12gr. per ton. Tho highest average yield they ever had was2oz. Odwt. 7gr. per ton in the Soptember following ; and their lowest average yield was 3dwt. 13gr. per ton, in April, 1870. The highest average yield per an- num was loz. Odwfc, O.igr. per ton in 1857-8, and the lowest was 4dwt. 20¡ígr. in 1869-70, the average for the 13 years being 9dwt. 21gr. The total quantity of quartz crushed has been 505,595 tons, which yielded 279,535oz. Odwt. lOgr. of gold, valued at £1,100,894 14s. Id., and gave the following dividends : To the Port Phillip Company, £127,093 12?, Gd.; to tho Clunes Company, £83,827; to the proprietors of tho Freehold, for their royalty, £80,03315s. lOd. Besides this quartz gold it appears thero were 26,059oz. of alluvial gold obtained, which was valued at £104,236. The totals stand thus ;-Gold, quartz and alluvial, 305,504oz. Cdwt. lOgr., value £1,211,130 14s. Id. : royalty paid, £92,588 lGs. 9d. Total dividends paid, £210,920 12s. Cd. Tho average yield of gold per ton of stone shows that since crushing operations were first commenced in 1857 the stone has been gradually and almost regularly becoming poorer. Some auriferous country was recently dis- covered at Stockyard Creek, which is in. a portion, of Gipps Land where gold had not before been found, and the discovery was considered important in consequence of the inference that extensive new gold-fields might jot be found in that neighbourhood., A few days ago a quartz specimen was dug out there, which is thus referred to by tho Gipps Land Mercury ;-" A most remarkable specimen of gold and-quartz, taken from one of the alluvial claims at Stockyard Creek, has been bi ought np from Port Albert. It weighs about 12oz., and is about eight incbos in length by about half, an inch in breadth in some places, and less in others. The great value of tho specimen is that it proves the oxistenco of auriferous quartz in tho district where it was found." Several new rushes havo takon placo during the past month to now diggings in various parts. Respecting ono of these the Dunolly Express states :-" The rush at Sporting Flat continues to progress, and a ' nice bit of gold ' is being turned out. Two holes bottomed with prospects of gold on Thursday, ono on the eastern side of the lead and a rush has consequently taken place orí that line,'' which from surface appearances will probably be maintained. This was tbo line originally fancied, following the'gully across tho telegraph road. On Wednesday evening money was pretty freely spent by some miners from this rush, and a report of a nupget being found was in circulation." The amount of "Victorian gold exported to the end of April in this year was 551,081oz. The quantity oxported in tbo corresponding portion of last year was 4G0,841oz. AGRICULTURE. . The weather throughout tho last month, has been warm, for tho season oi year, and the amount of rainfall has been moderate. By the close of the first week in May, complaints were becoming general in the farming dis. tricts of tho want of rain to soften the ground and facilitate the work of ploughing. Tbo week following the wished-for downpour oc- curred in liberal amount, but tbo soil having previously become so thoroughly dry, no hind- rance to work was occasioned ; the ground was none too moist to be worked, and more rain will shortly be welcomed. The double ploughs are making good progress in public favour ; they are being used in overy district, and the demand next season will certainly be large if the harvest turns out oven moderately well. They are made by sevt ral of the colo- nial implement firms, but it would bo difficult to assign the superiority to any one. Of tbo imported ploughs, the various modifications . - decidedly popular, and they are the types of several ploughs of colonial make. Lately a threo furrow plough has beon imported, and it will probably be heard of at tho ploughing matches, which will shortly take place in rapid succes- sion. Itfwill not have a walkover, for a Bal- larat maker long ago turned out a plough of equal capacity for work. The early sown oats for hay, and the wheats, aro everywhere re- ported looking fine. They wero well got in on land in good condition ; the only danger now is that tho wheats may become winter-proud. We are still unable to afford any definite in- formation with regard to the average yield of grain at the late harvest, the usual approximate estimate not having made its appearance. Our Adelaide neighbours, how- ever, havo discovered that tho actual averago yield in South Australia has been only some 11 bushels per acre, instead of the anticipated 13\. The test of thrashing also proved many of the estimates of the growing crops in Vic- toria to have been much too high, and our markets having been sparingly supplied, the registrar-general's statement is beginning to be anxiously looked for to settle the question whether the apparent scarcity is real or artificial. The new National Agricultural Society of Victoria is pursuing the work of bottling itself as one of the public institutions of the colony. It has prepared a schedulo of prizes to be offered at a show which has beon fixed to come off in or near the metropolis on the 18tb, 19th, and 20th of October. The \alue of the prizes offered is £1,200 ; the ex- hibits will be confined to farm live stock of all kinds, agricultural machinery, and imple mçnts, but prizes will also be given at tho dis- cretion of the judges to exhibits illustrative of colonial industries which involve the manu- facture of articles of farm produce. The society has obtained n convenient suito of offices in Bourke-street west, but it has not yet determined on a site for its forthcoming show. The vintage has been finished for some weeks, tho general result being a good yield of red and a light ono of white wines. The quality has varied con- siderably, but on the Upper Yarra, the dis- tricts whence the lightest wines come, it is ii garded as satisfactory. In the warmer wine districts, those producing the strongor wines, some high specific gravities have been noted. In the pastoral districts grasa was never more abundant or prospects for the winter moro favourable ; store stock is thereforo scarce, and is likely to remain so, solong as the country remains as well clothod with pasturage as at present. MEAT PRESERVING. COMPETITION Or VICTOMAN AND ENGLISU MEATS, A highly interesting competition between the meat-preserving companies of Victoria and the manufacture carried on at Deptford under the auspices of the Admiralty authori- ties took place on thelOth May at the offices (at the Custom-house) of Mr.L. A, Moody, immigra- tion agent. Tho object was to comparo, under equal circumstances, the Victorian meats with those preserved in the Deptford Dock- yards under Admiralty auspices, and accepted by the Impel ¡al navy authorities as a sort of sample of the highest condition of excellence in the way of meat-preserving. The compe- tition may be said to have arisen in the first place out of an irregular judgment passed under most unfair circumstances by tbo London Society of Arts. That body having had submitted to their criticism certain tins of meat preserved by the Melbourno Meat-preserving Company, which had beon taken at random from the stores of Mr. J. M'Call, the company's London agent, sent to the Deptford Dockyards for preserved meat wherewith to compare the colonial sample. Their decision was that the Melbourne Meat preserving Company's meat was excellent, and only just inferior to the Deptford meat, to which expression of opinion the Melbourno Company strongly demurred, because theit meat had been taken at random, while the authorities at Deptford (who must be sup- posed to be thoroughly alive to their interests una _ the importance of sustaining their credit) had had ample opportunity to specially prepare for the comparison, Tho issue was too important to Victorian interests to be neglected, and the end was, that at the request oi the agent-general, Mr, Verdon, C.B., the Admiralty authorities caused six cases of Deptford preserved boiled beef to be sent to the Victorian Government as a sample of what was the especial choico of the Imperial Government in this matter,' The receipt of the meat was duly stated in The Argus, and the result was the issuo of the following circular from the Victorian Customs authorities to tho various meat- pre- serving companies of this colony : " Department of Trade and Customs, Melbourne, 20th Sopt., 1870. " Sir,-I am directed by the hon. tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs to acquaint you that samples of boiled beof (tin Gib, each), prepared under the directions of tho Admiralty, have been received from tbeagout general, and it has been suggested that tho same should be publicly tested, together with samples of preserved meats of local produc- tion. " Mr. A'Beckett has desirod me to acquaint you that should your company desire to act upon this suggestion, you will bo good enough to forward to this department such samples of your preserved meats as you may think fit, in order that at some future (but not very dis- tant) period they may be examined and com- pared with the English samples above re feired to. It is intended that they should all be kept in the same place. " I may mention that a similar circular has been addressed to the other meat- preserving companies of Victoria.-I have, &c;, "'J. CHATFIELD TYLER, _ "Assistant Commissioner.' This request was promptly complied with, and the following samples were forwarded within a few days, to be forthwith stowod away for more than six months in that com- partment of the Custom-house known as tho Queen's Warehouse : Melbourno Meat-preserving Company. Boiled beef, corned beef, Bpiced beef, boiled mutton (with and without bone), ox tongues, sheep's tongues, stowed rabbits, ox palates, ox cheek with vegetables, and preservEtK*^ carrots. * "T^ Ballarat Meat-preserving Company.-Boiled beef. Echuca Meat-preserving Company.-Boiled beef, corned beef, and boiled mutton. Warrnambool Meat-preserving Compony; Boiled beef, spiced beef, boiled mutton'(wita and without bone), corned boof, ox tongues, and sheep's tongues. , Uf course, all the. samples beyond tho boiled beef weièoutof the regular competi- tion, and only forwarded in hope that the committee appointed by tho Government would pass judgment upon them. The Dept- ford authorities had simply sent out six tin» of boiled beef. Beyond tho samples men- tioned above, which carno strictly-within the description required. Borne others were sent in, as follows :- .,. , J. J. Winter and Co., of Colbinabbin (a private establishment).-Boiled mutton, smoked mutton, stuffed heart, brawn, stewea 1 vitara sheep's tongues,- and extract of meat Srding to Liebigrs formula). Metropolitan Meat-preserving Company iris and Co).-Boiled mutton, "slightly Sed" beef, and spiced beef. Tho-"slightly rtiotd" beef was afterwards admitted to ".pete as " boiled beef." <io samples were sont in by tho Victoria, loitialiau, or other meat-preserving com f.jics, the reason being in almost overy Lance that they were not in working ordor ¡libetimo the meat had to be sent in. Under tbeso circumstances tho Govern «mt appointed a day on which tho tins ¡toold bo opened, and the following gentle J-(n (among others who wero prevented by wr"'i. circumstances from acting in the ¿jin i wero nominated to sit in judgment : p,, Mcasdalo, of the Royal Society of Vic aldiia; Mr. Geo. Foord, analytical chemist; jit. H. Henty, merchant ; Captain Marsden, I (f Green's passenger ship Agamemnon : Cap- orn Itidgers, of Money Wigram and Co.'s «¿¡enger ship Hampshire ; Captain Davies, ¡f ¡ho Liverpool passenger ship British Sovereign ; Mr. W. Johnson, Government (iijljtical chemist ; Mr. J. Benn, of Grice, Stinner, and Co., merchants, of Melbourne ; jlr, Girdlestone, medical practitioner, or jjtlbonrne, and health officer to the ¡¡¡j; Captain M'Meckan, of M'Meckan and Blackwood, shipowners, of Melbourne ; Mr. L(-lio A. Moody, immigration agent for Vic taia ; and Mr. D. W. Gossett, tide inspector jDJ immigration officer at Williamstown. The above nentleraen, with the exception of Dr. Blea'-dale and Mr. H. Henty, who were ab ¡mt.niDton the 10thinst. in Mr. L.A.Moody's iftto for the purposes of the examination ; tua tho Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, Commis genero! Customs, who introduced Mr. Camp Uli, M.L C, was also present, A number of agents and other persons interested in tie competing companies wero in attend- ance, but wero not admitted to the room »hero the samples were being tested, did where tbo judges hnd the services (( Mr. R. U. Miller, of Collins-street, m opening the tins and presenting tho various meats in their proper ' form. Tie \arious tins wero sent in to the judg ¡tint chamber with their labels obliterated, ¡Dil »imply numbered, so that no obvious nunns of identification wore afforded. Tho noik of examination went on for somo couple of hours, during which time the now largo company in waiting had opportunities of judging for themselves In the first place, one tin of meat was brought out from tho ¡udgrnent-cbamber, and at onco hailed by tho íO(/iioscen¿t as a Deptford tin, and the highest hopes were entertained from its very poor con- tents. Then the agents of the Melbourne, Ballarat, and Metropolitan companies opened their tins, the contents of which were dis- cussed with critical relish, the hour being that c1 luncheon, and the appetites of tho company additionally sharpened by tho adjoining clatter of plates, knives, and forks. Of the menta of each it is not for us now to pass an opinion ; suffice it that each agent was suffi- ciently anxious. Thb firm and comparatively under cooked exhibits of the Melbourne Meat preserving Company commanded many suf- frages, while the advocates of the Ballarat company laid stress on tho fact that their I meats were preserved by the Deptford pro ! ass. The difference we believe is that the .Melbourne Meat-preserving Company and ¡lie others which havo followed its example adopt the "pin-hole" system, while the others preserve without that final means of escape for the super-heated air. At last tho important moment came, and those in attendance were summoned to the committee-room to hear the decisions to bo given. It was observed at once that the radges had kept themselves strictly within bounds, and that none but the really compe- tidlo "boiled beef" was upon the table. All those in attendance having been admitted, Mr, BENN, chairman of the judges, said that tbe committeo had paid a great deal of care and atttention to the tasting of this meat, which process had taken a long time. Ile called upon Mr. L. A. Moody to state the result of the deliberations. Mr. L. A. MOODY said the committee had decided that beforo they entered upon an eiamination of the meats they would act without any knowledgo of the manufacturers; and, consequently, a clerk of tho Immigration department had pasted paper over the labels of the tins, so that their contents came to be tasted without any member of the committee knowing them except by the numbers which had been put upon them to identify them. It was not till after a full decision had been come to that any of the judges knew on whoso manufacture they had passed their opinion. In this way they had opened and tasted two No. I tins, which contained tbo Deptford meat; two No. 2 tins, containing the Melbourne company's meat ; two No. 3 tins, containing the Ballarat company's meat ; two No, 4 tins, containing the Echuca company's meat; one No. 5 tin, containing tho Warrnambool company's meat ; and one No. G tin, containing the Metropolitan com- pany's meat. This last meat had at first been excluded because tho labels had declared it tobe "slightly corned," but the committee liad been informed that this was done by mistake, and that the meat was really fresh. Under these circumstances, they had agreed to taste it with the others. The decision of the committeo was that thoy considered the meat in Nos. 2 (Melbourne Meat-preserving ?company), 4 (Echuca company), .aud 5 (Warr- nambool company), as excellent in all points, the No. 2 meat being considered slightly superior. Nos. 4 and 5 were equal in quality and flavour, and excellent at all points. The neat in the No. 3 (Ballarat company) tins was slightly overcooked, but otherwise good. The meat in tho No. 1 (Deptford) tins was de cidtdly overcooked, and, in the opinion of the committee, therefore objectionable, but the meat was sound. The meat in the No. 6 '(Metropolitan company) tins, which the com mutee had agreed to take upon Mr. Inglis's assurance that it was really fresh, although Wrongly labelled, was of good quality, and was ranked in ordor next to Nos. 4 and 5. Mr. ItiToni-, on behalf of the Melbourne Moat-preserving Companjr, mentioned that though the various companies had beeninvited tocompete with Deptford only in the matter of koiled beef, which was tho commonest article sent out, yet his company had sent in samples cf superior articles in preserved meats, some of them delicacies suitable for the cuddy table, and in one instance of preserved vege- tables. These could not be in competition, but it would bo gratifying if the committee would pass an opinion on them now. Several other of the competitors made the same request in respect to the additional samples which they had bent in. After somo conversation, the committeo .dicided that they could do no more tasting that day. The bon. Commissioner of Customs mentioned, however, that he would endea- vour to get the committee together on some future occasion, when the extra samples should bo tasted and opinions passed thereon. The proceedings then terminated. The Victoria Meat-preserving Company has ?mot with a check very early in its career through the occurrence of a disastrous fire on its premises, at the Saltwater River, on the 4th instant. The fire broke out on an under- ground compartment containing the tallow ?»ats. A quantity of tallow stored there, and some thousand 4lb. and Gib. tins ot preserved meat stored in the room above it were de- stroyed. The butcher's-room on the one side, and the¡ preserving-room on the other, however, escaped with very slight damage. 1'ottunately .the machinery escaped serious injury. Subsequent examination showed that the company would be able to resume opera- tions to a moderate extent in about a fort- night ; and there wa3 a large enough selling ttock of preserved meat, which had been stored in a building separate from the one which was burned, to enable the company to catry on business until work had been re- commenced, The total loss was estimated at smni'thing under £3,000, viz , on the building *300, on the machinery £200, and on the poos £2,500-all covered by insurance. Tho losses were promptly paid by the Victoria In burance Company, in which the works and stock had been insured for about £8,000. The intention is to ro-commence preserving with- out delay, but some time may elapse beforo the company is again in full working order. ino Australian Meat-Preserving Company 'has decided on doubling its capital. It started With a capital of £10,000, the greator part of V,V¡1? was laid out in buildings and ma uniierj;, and the business of the company was principally carried on by means of advances ,°htamed on its shipments of preserved meats, ¿he active work of the company was com- menced about November last, Since then, to give an idea of the extent of its business, «MOO sheep and 1,606 cattle have been slaughtered, Theshipmentshave amounted to W,0G21b. of meat, in tins ; in addition, 327 tons of mutton tallow, and 209 tons of beef, tallow, have been sold or shipped. The stock of meat on hand is 133.69416. No returns, it was mentioned, at a meeting held this week, had been received from England, but tne üist shipment of Uoeat was delivered in excellent condition, and tho reports on two cases sent by the overland route left nothing to be desired. The increased value of sheep "f *te albourne market since the starting or. the meat-preserving companies has been estimated at £200,000. A meeting was held on the 5th insfc. to form a company to work Mr. Richard Jones's vacuum process, but it was not of a successful character. The prospectus, as submitted, stated that the capital was to bo £30,000, in 0,000 shares of '£6' each, 10s. to bo paid on application, and 10s. on allotment, the balance in 10s, calls. An impression had got abroad, in consequonce of tho failure of somo experiments mado by the managor of the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company, that tho process would not answer in Victoria. Mr. G. W. Perry, who is the Melbourne agont of Mr. Jones, and one of the promoters of the company, stated, however, that the experi- ments in question had failed in consequence of the use of incompleto apparatus, and its incom- pleteness was pointed out at the time. The meeting eleoted a committee, consisting of the Hon. W. Campbell, M.L.C., and others, to superintend a trial of the process under Mr. Perry's own direction, and with proper ma- chinery, tho result to be reported at a future meeting. It was stated that £1,200 would bo required to onablo the company to make a start, and.that the cost of preserving by the vacuum process was 2}d. per lb. The works of tho Colac Company are boing rapidly got ready for commencing preserving. A large number of mon are engaged on the works. The company intends to presorve game as well as beef and mutton, and last week purchases were being made of rabbits. As soon as 10,000 tins have been made, the machinery is to be started ¡ and it was ex- pected that a full supply of tins would be ob- tained this weok, so that by the time the mail leaves the Colac Company will have taken its place among the companies in activo opera- tion. The Echuca Meat-preserving Company, which has been only a month in existence, has made very good progress, and nearly 2,500 shares have been subscribed for already. A meeting of the provisional directors was held last week, when it was decided that the company should be registered under the Com- panies Statute. The directors decided not to commence active operations until more shares were taken up. The site chosen is an excellent one for meat-preserving, being in tho centre of an immense tract of the finest grazing country in Australia. The Warrnambool Meat-preserving Com- pany is in good spirits. By tho mail advices wero received of the realisation of an advance of a farthing a pound on the company's estimate ; and should shipments on the way be as fortunate, the company's funds would benefit to the extent of £800. A now and patent method of making tins is about to bo adopted, and licences to use the patent will be issued, if desired, to other companies. At Coleraine another attempt is about to be made to start a meat-preserving- company to deal with the surplus stock of that district. There is plenty of room in that part of the colony for a company of the kind ; but the need of facilities for conveying the produce to a port of shipment is oin important con- sideration. ' TEE LABOUR MARKET. The number of unemployed throughout the country has increased considerably sinco last mail, and thero are large numbers of labour- ing men unable to find employment. The building trades aro very slack at present, and from all appearances likely to be so until next spring. Bootmakers, tailors, and some few others are in full work, but the great bulk of tradesmen and labourers are at present doing short work. A good deal of this is owing to the beginning of winter being naturally a dull time in most trades, and in some cases to the market being overstocked. The supply of useful female servants for farms and stations is rather better than it has been,, but there are still large numbers required. For town situations there are plenty of single women.but they do not caro to engage for the bush. The labour offices are constantly besieged by per- sons of good education, who havo left good situations in the old country to better them- selves in Victoria. It is not at all an unusual thing to seo 40 or 60 persons who have been bankers' or merchants' clerks in England applying for a situation in a bush public house at 20s. per week. Situations as grooms at hotels are also much sought after. The weather is very favourable for farming opera- tions, but there are still many ploughmon out of employ. _he following aro the average rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum ; female cooles, £30 to £35 per annum ; male do., 20s. to 35s. per week; nursemaids. £20 to £25 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £35 per annum. For Hotels-Cooks, malo and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15s. to 20s. per week. For Stations - First-class married couples for home stations, £50 to £65 per annum ; second class do., £40 to £50 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 Der do. For Farms-Men cooks, £30 to £40 per annum ; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; female general servants. £25 to £30 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £45 per annum ; shephords, first class, £35 to £45 do. ; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; general station hands, 12s. to 13s. per week. Farm Servants. - Ploughmen. £35 to £45 per annum; horse-drivers, 12A Gd. per weak; ordinary farm servants, 11s. and 12s. per do. All the abovo servants are fed and lodged by thnir employers. Whore rations are given, the following is tho scale per weok allowed in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. Hour, 21b. sugar, and Jib. tea. Labourers constructing the Alfred Dock receive from 6s. to 7s. per day. Quarrymon for same earn from 8s. to 9s. per day, with- out rations. Navvies.-Tho rate paid tho men employed on the North-Kastern Railway is 9d..per hour. The same rate is paid by the contractors for the second portion, but only about 100 men are employed at present. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Stonemasons and plasterers receive 10s. per day ; carpenters, 9s. por do, ; slators, 11s. 6d. per do.: bricklayers are paid at the rate of 10s. per day, but most of the woik is done by the piece at very low rates ; labouiers from 5s. Gd, to 7s. per do. : pick and shovel men, 6s. per do. The day s work is eight hours. Cabinetmakers.-In tho best shops the average earnings for good tradesmen are 9s. per day ; first-class hands in upholsterers' earn from £3 to £4 per week. In second-class establishments and factories the best hands sam about 9s. per day ; upholsterers, 9s., polishers, 8s. per day of eight hours. Thero is a large number of mon in this trade out of employment. Stevedores' Men, &c.-Lumpers; and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken time. Donkey-engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £16 per month. Ship-carpenters.-The-rato paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Painters.-Ordinary workmen get about 8s. per day. Butchers,-Shopmen reçoive from 35s. to 50a. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (pork butchers) receivo 40s. to 503. Clothing Factories.-The rates obtained in the factories vary very much, as most of them allow work to ho taken home, audit is thus im- possible to tell how long the hands work, or how many assist. Whero the work is not taken home, tailoresses earn from £1 to £1 15s. per week, prossers £2. In shirt-making, most of the work is taken home. Machinist can earn 12s. per week in factory hours, fiom 9 till 6. Farriers.-First-class foremen get about £3 per week; door-men, from £2 to £2 10d ; time 10 hours per day. Farriers for the countiyget from 20s. to 30s. per week, and their board and lodging. In many parts of the country good farriors aro much needed. Bootmakers.-This trade has experienced a great alteration for the better during the past mouth. The contractors are all in full work, and men in great demand. For rivetting children's boots as low as 6d. per pair has been paid, and Is. for women's boots, lOd. for boys, and Is, 3d. for men's boots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trade tho rates paid remain about the same. In a few of the best shops the rates paid are-Welling- tons. 14s. ; elastics. 12s. ; closing, 8s. Tin Smiths.-The great demand for good tradesmen by the meat-preserving companies, still keeps the price of wages in this trade high. At the meat- preserving works, good workmen get from £3 to £4 per week of eight hours per day, but the work is very hard. In the trade, tho rate is £210s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Plummers and Gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Ironworkers.-The rates paid are as fol- lows ¡-Boilermakers, 12s. per day; black- smiths, 12s. do. ; fitters, 11s. do. ; tumors, 12s. do. ; labourers. 7s. do. Thero are great compilants of want of work, and many men are out of employment. Watch Jobbers and Jewellers.-Good work- men get SA in tho first-class shops. Manu- facturing jewellers receive from £2 15s. to £3 IBs. per week. A few of tho better workmen receive as high as £5 and £6 per week. Thero aro a good many men out of omploy in this trade. Coopers.-Mot of the work in this trado is done by the piece ; tho wages fixed by the trade are 30s/per day of 10 boura. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week ; drivers, from <10s. to 50s. por do. Tailors.-in first-class establishments tho rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops tho earnings are from £2 10s. to £3 per weeli. In faetones, tho rates vary, tho men being often paid by the piece. Where wages aro paid, tho rato is 40s. per week in factory hours. Saddlers.-This trade is in a vory depressed state, and there aro largo numbers of men ou tof employment. In best shops the men earn £210s. per week, whilo fair workmen are often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough common work the rate ,is from 25s. to SOa. per week-time, 10 hours por day. Tanners and Curriers.- Piecemen receive 50s. per week; shedmen from 38s. to £2 5s. per week; yardmen, 36s. to 45.s. per week; curriers at piece work can earn from ¡50s. to 00s. per week of 10 hours per day. Gardeners.-Best workmen, for situations near town, get 45s. to 55s. per week ; do., for the country, 40s. to 50s. ; inferior hands for country, 12s. 6d. to 18s. per week with rations. Bakers.-First-class woricmen (ioremeu) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trado is 10 hours per day. Printers, &a-; Journeymen printers roceivo £3 per week where paid by wages ; machine men, £3 5s. In manufacturing stationors' establishments lithographers are paid £3 per week f binders, £3 per week ; paper-rulers, £3 5s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully sup- plied. Miners.-The averago rate for miners in the Ballarat district is>.£2 5s. per week, eight hours' shift ; breaksmen got a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-minors get 7s. per day ; engineers receivo £3 to £3 10s. lu Bendigo, most of the work is done on tribute In Alexandra, miners receive £2 10s. per week. Most of the work in Gipps Land is dono by contract ; where wages aro paid, tho. men re- ceive from £210s. to £3. THE PRESENT POPULATION OF VICTORIA. The following are some approximate figures, furnished to Parliament by tho Registrar General, as indicating in a general way the results of the late census, taken on the night of April 2, last. It must bo understood tliat the item " dwellings" includes those unin- habited and building : total populailon(lncludtut! _Ö 8, ogoS CenauB District. Chínete and Aborigines ) Nemo. Males. Female» Total. Melbourne 16,640 18.114 28.663 6,007 North Melbourne.. 10,670 17,253 33,820 7,172 Emerald lilli and Sandridge 11,781 11707 23,643 4,873 ' Williamstown .. 3,610 3,007 7,123 1,504 Fitzroy 7,666 7,072 16,527 3,276 East Collingwood.. 8,181 0 555 18.630 4,835 Kichmond B.900 10,426 20 331 4.251 Pi abran .. 7 765 8,440 10,21)4 8,231 St. Kilda .. 3,904 6 033 8.937 1,701 Hawthorn 6 818 6,626 11,474 2.Z13 Brighton .. 4 708 4,700 0,520 1804 Kant Bourko 6,482 4 434 0 916 1,830 East Bourke Boro't 4,801 8.880 8.6B1 1,477 Keilor 4,280 3 714 7.994 1,698 Gisborno .. 6.787 4180 9.973 1,733 BaccllUB Marsh ,. 3,303 2.484 6,847 1,348 Evelyn 3.405 2 41S 5.011 1,315 Mornington 4,122 3,258 7.880 1.530 Kilinoro .. 4S05 8,289 7,691 1,073 Kyneton .. 7,678 6.3 tO 13,924 2 009 Rodney .. 7 366 4 052 12 307 8.356 Arglesey .. 8,346 2.081 6 420 1.302 Mansfield.. . 3,724 2,173 6.897 1.716 Benalla .. 3,016 2,552 0,407 1,176 Wangaratta 7,367 6,531 12S8S 2 825 Beechworth 11,120 0,820 17.056 4,256 Upper Murray .. 1,007 448 1.465 255 Buckland.. ,. 054 363 1,307 332 Mar) borough .. 0.024 4 047 10,071 2,508 Castlemaine 10.702 8,170 18 908 6.183 Dayles/oid 10.891 7.035 18 628 4,309 Creswick .. .. 0,054 7,200 10,803 3,803 .Amherst .. .. 6 379 4 683 10.902 2 887 Maldon .. .. 6.280 8,901 9,271 2.409 Geelong Fast .. 6.748 0 371 12,119 2,403 Geelong WeBt ,. 4 916 6.681 10,400 2,272 Barwon .. 4 59G 4,172 8 708 1877 M oorabool ,. 8.472 7,911 17,383 8,634 Ballarat Kant 14,513 11,611 28 024 6 062 Ballarat West .. 19,708 18,468 33 230 8,015 horth Grenville.. 11315 8,280 19 026 4,620 Baglan .. 4,701 S.807 8 098 1,852 A rai at 8,498 0.422 14 018 8,424 Colac 8.770 2,991 6 773 1,837 Camperdown 4GS2 3 608 8 350 1,490 Warrnambool .. 6.012 6,033 12 280 2,196 Belfast .. 6,640 4,760 10,390 1,910 Not roan by 5,734 6,187 10 921 2,124 Dundas .. 4 221 3,678 7.709 1,431 v> (romero,. 1948 1.173 3,121 488 Crowlands 0 600 3,769 19.819 2 722 Swan-hill.. 718 322 1040 187 North Gladstone. 4,307 2,437 6,801 2,197 Suulh Gladstone 6,924 4 043 9,907 2,863 North ßindlgo .. 1,008 632 1535 285 South Bondlgo . 10,172 7,330 17 511 4,077 Sandhurst .. 16,810 12 823 27,612 0.188 Alberton .. .. 1,767 1.161 2 918 766 Eulo 7.052 6,314 12,990 2,055 Bairnsdale . 1.638 017 2196 610 shipping;, -0. . 2,205 82 2,287 21 Total .. 400 700 329,108 729,803 100,622 POPULATION TEN YEARS SINCE. \- For' tho sake of such comparison as it will afford, we append a table of the population of Victoria taken at tho census of 18G1. The census districts for 1871 largely differ from the census, districts of 18G1, and iudeed wore divided arbitrarily, so that the best approxi- mation is obtained by following the divisions (as respects the former year) of counties and pastoral districts : Population of the Bevoral Counlios and Pastoral Dis tilctii of Victoria on Um night of April 7,1801 : Total populaitoij (includbit _ aj Chinese and Aborigines.) _i£ a Counl3 or Dis- S-S3 trict. Males. Fcinalei To'tal, Us « * a Aiiglttoy .. 1,117 03-2 1,749 333 Hum lie ,. 88 822 78 424 100,740 37,904 Dalhousie ,. 12.7S1 7,721 20,602 4 600 Dubdns ., 2108 1,480 8,533 654 Evelyn ., .. 2,201 1,410 3,017 805 Follett .. »87 809 090 120 Grant 38,084 29 435 05,619 15,4 1 Grenville .. l8 C0d 11,650 30154 8,142 Hampden 1,981 1,284 8,205 553 Heytesbury 612 427 SOO 10t Mornington 2C30 1,838 4 308 881 Normanby 4,212 3 811 8,020 1,581 Polwarth .. 1,241 930 2,171 863 Bipon 0,851 8,119 10,000 2,582 Talbot 14 813 20,715 05,628 18,845 Vllliors .. 7,518 0,874 13 892 2,663 Glpiw Land 3,920 2,478 0,393 1,289 Ibe Loddon 43,412 21.657 04,009 19,760 Rcdcey .. 2,321 959 8,280 028 llio Murray 22,071 9,260 31,031 8,305 Tue Wimmern .. 20,424 7,251 27,075 9,026 Shipping, &c.; .. 1,068 230 1,918 - Migratory.. 2,893 408 8,301 - Total.. 328,651 211.071 540,322 134,382 RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traffic on the Victorian railways for the week ending 11 th May show a gradual improvement in all the branches of traffic but that of passengers, in which there ia a deficiency. Tho return for the carriage of passengers for the week is £-,513123., as against £3,005 3s. lid. for the corresponding period of last year, showing a falling-off in this branch of revenue amounting to £401 11s. lid. Tbo return for the carriage of goods is £0,579 9s. 9d., as against £6,291 6s. lOd. last year, showing an increaso in this return of £288 2s. lid,, as compared with the corresponding period of last year. For tho carriage of cattle, the return is £997 Gs, Gd., as against £G09 11s., tho return for tho cor- responding period of last year, showing an increase in this return of £387 15s. Gd. The total returns for the -week amount to £10,5G415s, 7d., as against £10,392 0s. 3d. lost year, showing an increaso in tho week's traffic of £152 IDs. 4d. as compared with last year's returns. The aggregate receipts to date (11th May) amount to £203,097 18s. 9d., as against £205,0131s. to 12th May last year, showing a falling-off in the receipts to date of £1,315 12s: 3d. The weekly average to date (for 19 weeks) is £10,72018s. 10d., as against £10,790 3s. 2d. last year, showing a weekly falling-off in the present year's returns of £69 4i. id. as compared -with those of lost year. The fol- lowing are the gross receipts of the Victorian Railways from the 1st January iii each year : -Traffic to 9th May, 18G7, £193,448 5s. 8d. ; to 14th May, 1808. £212,G83 11s. 2d.; to 13th May, 1869, £200,291 lGs. 8d. ; to 12th Moy, 1870, £205,013 Is.; to 11th May, 1871, £203,097 18s. 9d. Tho returns for tho Melbourne and Hob son's Bay United Railway for the mouth ending 11th May, show a falling off, as com- pared with last year's returns, in every branch of traffic with the exception of that of tho carriage of merchandise, in which there is a considerable increase. The return for the passenger traffic is £G,280 17s. lid., as against £7,200 14s. lid. for tho corresponding period of last year, showing a reduction of £919 7s. in the receipts of this branch of traffic. The amount received for tho carriage of merchan- dise is £3,274 13s. 5d., as against £2,989 0s. 2d., showing an increase of £285 13a. 3d. over lost year's returns. Tho total receipts for the month amount to £0,850 11s. 4d., as against £10,189 16s, Id. for tho same period last year, showing, a decrease in tho month's receipts amounting to £G34 3s. 9d. The aggregate returns to date (11th May) are £49,00818a. Id., as against £52,314 9s. lid. (to 12th May) lost year, showing a reduction, as compared with tho previous year's roturns, amounting to £3,216 11s. lOd. The weekly average is £2,023 12s. Id. as against £2,774 5s. 8d., showing a weekly reduction in tho traffic re- turns of £150 13s. 7d. as compared with last year. THE OPERA. The English Opera Company, under the management of Messrs. Lyster and Smith, have produced, sinco our last, tho operas "Der Freischütz" and " Tho Daughter of the Regiment." These, with the highly success, ful "Grand Duchess" and "Satanolla," carried on the season until tho closing time the 6th May. Both the operas "Der Frei- schütz" and "Tho Daughter of tho Regi- ment" were successful. In thoformer, Madame Simonsen, Mr. Beaumont, and Mr. Farley gave fresh and intelligent readings of the principal parts. The scenic effects in the in- cantation scene in tbo last-named opera were well planned, and highly successful. Doni- zetti's "Figlia dol Reggimonto " was chosen for tho debût of Mrs. G. B. Allen, who made a success in tho part of Maria After a short interval tho Princess's Theatre re-opened for a season of Italian opera with a new company that arrived by the mail steamer' on tho 13th from Cal- cutta. The directors aro Messrs. Cagli and Poropei, wbo have travelled in this line of business in tho East for the last six years. The company consiste of five prime donne, threo primi lenori assoluli, two »rtnit bariloni assoluti, two primi bassi assóluli, and ono basso cómico. The first performance took place on the 17th at the Princess's Theatre. The house was crowded, and " Un Bailo in Maschera" was well performed. Each night introduces, at the timo'of our writing, a new singer. The successful artists up to this time aro named Signora Tam burini Coy (soprano), Signori Rosnati and Leandro Coy (tenon), Signor Coliva (bari- tone), and Signori Dondi and Grandi (bass). Signora Rosavalle met with a modified success. The operatic firm of Lyster and Smith has been dissolved, and Mr. Lyster, as lessee of the Princess's Theatre, in conjunction with Messrs. Cagli and Pompei, still carries on the business of impresario. The reception of the new company has been extremeljr favourable. Tbo conductor, Signor Marzorati, is demon- strative, but clever, and sits at a piano in the midst of his orchestra. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Monday, the 1st inst., a complimentary benefit was given at the Theatre Royal to Mr. George Coppin, who appeared as Squeers in tho drama of "Nicholas Nickloby," Tho Artful Dodger, and Billy Barlow. Mr. Coppin bad not had a benefit in Melbourne for seven years, and the result of tho oxer, tions of his friends was a crammed house, a great many would-be spectators being turned away at tbe doors. There was nothing very remarkable in the performances, but Mr. Coppin took upon himself in the course of the evening to deliver a speech, which has opened up tho question of theatrical monopoly in this city, and brought a gi neral condemnation on tho management of the Theatre Royal Mr. Coppin re- presented that the theatre had been con- ducted at a loss by tho present lessees, and quoted figures to show that Shakspeare and the legitimate drama would not attract the expenses of the house, viz., nearly £00 a night. But, said he, " there is a class of dramas that would bo certain to enrich the treasury. Any business man would say, ' Why don't you play them, then, and relieve yourselves from a weekly loss ?' But if wo were to attempt the performance of ' Jack Shep- pard,' thero would bo indignant articles in the newspapers in support of the legitimate drama. IThis 'feeler' was received by the audience in dead silence.] Now, as many writers delight in finding fault with the management, I think it would only bo an act of kindness to suggest a probable succoss, for 1 must confess, with all our experionce, we aie entirely at a loss to know what kind of entertainment will ensure a remunerative leturn." The challenge thus thrown down was very promptly accepted, and nu- merous correspondents have written to tho newspapers, showing that when Shakspeare and legitimate comedy were adequately re- presented this class of entertainment was always highly remunerative in this city (notably during the Bairy Sullivan régime), and that the moderate patronage tho theatre has received of late is due to the conduct of the management, who, having the monopoly, have attempted to attract audiences with an inadequate stock com- pany, which has beon nearly two years with- out a competent leading lady, and which, excepting in low comedy, is tho weakest which has ever been maintained at the Theatre Royal. During the month Mr. J. B. Howe has ap- peared as Sbylock, with a fair amount of huccess ; also in a melodrama founded on Harrison Ainsworth's novel " Tho Star Cham- ber"; as Newman Noggs, in "Nicholas Nickleby " ; and as Grandfather, in Andrew Halliday's " Nell." A new drama called " Foiled, " written by Mr. Walter Cooper, of Sjdncy, will shortly be produced. There have been two very successful con- certs during the month. The firstwas tho per- formance by tbe Philharmonic Society of the oratorio of "Elijah" in the Town-hall, on the 11th inst,, with Madamo Simonson, Miss Lambert, Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Hallam, and Mr. Rainford as leaders. The second was a farowell entertainment given to Mr. C. E. Horsley, in the same building, on the 13th inst. There was a band and chorus of 300 performers, and Miss Lucy Chambers, Mrs. Fox, Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Hallam, Mr. Schott, und tbe Melbourne Deutsche Liedertafel as bitted. It was a very imposing demonstration, and a satisfactory testimony to Mr. Horsley of the high regard in which ho has been held among us as a composer and instructor in high-class music during the past 10 years. The programme included selections from such authors as Calcott, Mendelssohn, Bishop, Verdi, and Gounod, besides Mr. Horsloy's own compositions, "The South SoaSisters," "Comus, and "Euterpe"-the last of which was written and composed to celebrate the opening of the Melbourno Town-hall. Wcston's Sable Minstrels continue their entertainments at the Haymaiket Theatre; Mr. Heller is still at St. Ueorge's-hall ; ana the Apollo-hall has been converted into a roller-skating rink. The theatrical and musical professions havo recently hold a meeting, at which it was re- solved to petition the Legislature to repeal or uinend the existing law relating to theatrical licences, which, by the Wines, Beor, and Spirits Sale Statute, aro not allowed to bo issued in connexion with any publichouse. RACING. Things havo been very quiet in the racing world since last month. The only excite- ment has been the Randwick Autumn Meet- ing, at which Victoria was worthily repre- sented, and carried off a large share of the prizes. The splendid two-year-old colt Hamlet, by Maribyrnong, out of "Rosa of Demark, proved immeasurably superior to any Sydney-bred two-year-old in the Cham- pagne Stakes, and A. J. C. Sires' Produce, Beatrice, his stable companion, being tho only one near him at the finish in the first race. The Gold Cup was won by Mermaid by King Alfred, carrying 7st. 21b., tho two miles being done in 3m. 40sec., her stable com- panion, Romula, running tho Sydney horse Little Dick to a neck for second place. On the third day, Farmer's Daughter by the Hermit won the Prince of Wales Stakes, and Mermaid carried off tho City Handicap. On the fourth day Lady Clifton won the Rous Handicap for Mr. D. Jones, of Ballarat, who had bought tho mare for G50 guineas. Mer- maid won the Randwick Handicap, aud Javelin, with 8nt. 21b., won tho Nursery Handicap through getting a very groat advan- tage at the start, Miss Jessie, by Maribyr- nong, being second. Hamlet, who had been weighted with 9b(.ölb., did not accept. Out of the 20 races in the four days' meeting, Victorian owners wore credited with no less than eight, including the most important ?wz., tho Gold Cup. Champagne Stakes, and A. J. C. Sires' Produco. No less than nine laces were won by the produce of New Warrior. NEW ZEALAND. Intelligence from New Zealand is of a more pacific and oncouraging character this month than it has been lately. The natives aro all quiet, and the former rebels havo either sub- mitted to the General Oovernment, or havo been so reduced in numbers that they see the futility of continuing a harrassing but in« oflccfcual opposition. It is reported that tho friendly chief Ropata has surprised a party of rebela in the Tauranga district, killing 25, and capturing a large number of prisoners. Tho remnants of tho once poworful Uriwera tribe aro reported to have surrendered to tho Goyornment, and to have had Ruatahuua assigned to them as their only settlement. The political news is barren of interest. Parliament has not yet assembled, and it is anticipated that when it does meet, party conflicts will be less norco than usual. Tho position of tho Ministry is considerably strengthened by the apparent success which has attended Mr. Vogel's efforts to esta- blish a line of mail steamers between New Zealand and San Francisco, and by tbo intelligence that ho has nego- tiated the loan of £1,200,000 on what aro considered satisfactory terms. Dr. Feather- stone has beon gazetted agent- general of the colony, and will shortly leave for England. The Customs revenue collected during tho first quarter of the year shows a decrease of £28,375, as compared with the corresponding quarter of last year. A great impetus has been given to business by the extraordinary success attending mining operations on some of the northern gold- fields. The yield of the Auckland gold-fiolds during the first tbreo months of the present year amounted to 84,0l9oz. Tho yield during March was tho highest ever produced on tho Thames during any similar period, being 45,200oz. In February, 30,749oz. wore ob- tained, and in April, 37,154oz. Tho divi- dends paid in April alone amountod to £153,987; whilotho Caledonian Company, an enormously rich claim, has paid £208,780 in dividends since February. During the first three months of the year 42,073oz. were ob- tained from .the Otago and Southland gold- fields ; 32,384oz. from Westland, and 20,954oz. from Nelson. The social news of the month contains few features of general interest. The event which created the greatest excitement was tbe arrival of the Nevada, the first ship of tho Webb line of steamers, from San Francisco. She is stated to be the fastest vessel on tho Californian coast, and her passenger accom- modation is pronounced to be excellent, and sufficient for 703 people. The officers of the Nevada have been entertained at a public luncheon, at which the Governor presided. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S. Rangoon, Captain N. J. Skot- towe, anchored in tho bay at half-past 8 p.m. on the evening of the 22nd ult. After ship, ping her mails, cargo, gold, and specie, and embarking passengers, the Rangoon left hor anchorage punctually at 2 p.m. on the 23rd ult. on her outward voyage. On the 4th inst. the City of Melbourne loft Sydney punctually in the afternoon with the Californian, North American, and European mails and passengers. The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S. Geelong, Captain R. T. Dundas, from Galle, via King George's Sound, anchored in the bay at 20 minutes post 1 o'clock on tho morning of tho 13th inst. with theEnglish mails, after astormy passage from Galle to the Sound, and thence to Melbourne. The Geelong sailed from Galle at 8 p.m. on the 19th ult., and ex- perienced light winds and calms as far as lat. 15deg. S., when vory strong south-east trades were met with, lasting to the 20th degree. After leaving the region of the trades, she had a continuation of head winds and squally wea- ther, with rain, tbo whole distance to the Sound, which was reached at 11 p.m. bth May. Completed coaling, and left again at noon next day, and for the following three dajs had south-east gales with much rain. Afterwards strong easterly winds. Passed Capo Otway af half-past 2 p m. on the 12th, and reached the anchorage) in the bay as above. The steamer James Paterson arrived at Sydney on the afternoon of the 15th inst., with passengers and cargo transhipped at Auckland from the R.M.S. Novado, from California. Tho Nevada arrived at Auck- land on May 4. Her London dates aro to April 7. She left San Francisco at 2 p.m. on tho 8th April, nrrived off Honolulu at 8 p.m. on the lGtb, and left on tho 18th at noon. The Novada is tho pioneer steamor bolonging to Mr. Webb, sent to commonco the new contract for carrying the mails entered intobytboNew Zealand Government, and is quite a different service to that of Mr. Hall, who first oponed up this route, and hitherto has done the work. EX0HANCE AND MONEY. Exchange is vory firm at (¡f) three-quarters per cent, premium for 00 days' sight bankers' drafts on London. In the absence of wool bills there is no cover offering, but the banks' nominal buying rate is (¡}) half per cent, dis- count. Discount rates are steadily maintained atG and 7 per cont, for two and threo months' and 8 per cent, for four months' bills. In- terest is allowed on six montbs' deposit at tho rate of (4) four percent., three months' com mands 3 per cent,, and one month 2 per cent, ' STATE OP TBADE, For the first time for many months past we are enabled to report an improvement ia trade. Business opened out after the last mail left with a considerable inquiry for one or two staples, which rose into favour, and what was of more importance still, this movement was communicated to other de- scriptions of merchandise, and trade com- menced to assume a more healthy tono and character, while prospects of a much more promising nature began to present themselves. The non-arrival of the mail steamer up to her expected timo interfered in some degree with the growing improvement, but in the midst of the disappointment created on this ac- count, a speculative feeling was arousod by intended alterations in tho tariff, and amoBgst the numerous articles which rumour pointed to as likely to bo subjected to an increased duty, kerosene oil for the greater part of last week held the foremost placo ; some 14,000 cases changed hands in ¡two days alono. Candles likewise were run aftor, but only lightly touched ; about 0,500 boxes will cover the month's salos. Sugars also commanded very much attention, and though the public sales havo been of less importance, yet during the last fortnight some 12,000 to 13,000 bags must have changed hands privately. Dundoo goods are rising gradually into notice. Wool- packs, in consequence of the approach of tho season, have been more run aftor. Cornsacks have been out of date, but the unexpected disposal of a parcel of 100 bales was reported this week. Brcadstuffs havo monopolised considerably moro attention this month ; the value of Hour has advanced £2 per ton, and wheat has risen fully lid. to Is. per bushel. Malthas mot with moro favour, though the dom and is irregular, the article being now out of season. Some-12,000 bushels, however, woro cleared off in one week this month. In teas the only prominent featuro worth noticing is the arrival of the Carl Ludwig from Foo- chow, on tho 24th ult., and the sale of tho entire cargo privately this week. In tobaccoes a largo and healthy business has been done, but the sales of damaged parcels appear to have predominated over sound. The salos of timber comprise tho Haidee's cargo of doals, the cargo of Oregon lumbor per Helios, and a few parcels of llooring. The arrival of tho mail steamer was not telegraphed from Ade- laide until the morning of Thursday, tho 11th inst., and as tho Geelong did not reach Hob son's Buy until early on tho morning of the 13th, the letters could not bedolivored boforo. The dates from London by post reach to 24th March, and by telegram to 17th April. We havo dates from Foo-chow to 30th March, from Cal- cutta to lOtb, Colombo to 17th April, and from Singaporo and Batavia to 11th and Gth April respectively. On the afternoon of tho 15th instant, tho arrival of the California mail was announced from Sydney, with dates .from New York to 0th, and from San Fran- cisco to 8th April. We have already referred to the Treasurer's budget as being the most prominent and im- portant feature, in consequence of tho pro- posed alterations in tho tariff. Those in- tended changes were freely discussed in com- mercial circles, and much speculation was indulged in respecting the articles likely to bo affected, and great uneasiness was exhibited in consequence of the utter ignorance which existed. Action of a practical nature was, however, takon by many firms in tho city, and duty was paid the day previous to the declaration of the budget to the extont of £28,300, tho articles chiefly selected for pay- ment being sugar, kerosene oil, candles, coffee, tea ; and in ordor that nothing might be missed, somebuyors went the length of pay- ing on everything held in stock liable to duty. The following day a sum of £34, G87 was paid in to the Customs ; tbo Treasury thus directly benefited in two days to tho extent of £G3,000. Mr. Franchi, in his contemplated alterations, has been unfortunate in pleasing the commercial community. Already sevoral deputations have waited upon him to point out the injustice done in their particular cases, and for ourselves we fail to Bee, from Mr. Francis's point of view, tho justice of calling into oxistonco a few years ago, by incidental protection, industries in which a largo amount of capital has sinco been invested, only to bo destroyed "again by the sudden withdrawal of that protection which he him pelf has always asserted was necessary to their' existence and that before they aro proporly developed and ablo to do without, as his policy in raising the duty on leaf to- bacco to Is. Od. nor lb., increasing the duty on colonial distilled spirits to 83. per gallon, and in other instances putting a higher duty upon tho raw material than on tho manufactured article, threatens to do. A meeting of creditors has beon held in tbo estate of Messrs. Kennedy and M'Donald, wholesale grocers, when a balance-sheet was submitted, showing Habilites amounting to £13,800, and assets which wero estimated at £15,700. It was agreed to make an assign- ment to Messrs. Lorimer and Service, with a view to making such an arrangement as will ultimately lead to Messrs. Kennedy and M'Donald resuming business again. Arrange- ments havo sinco been made carrying this out. At a meeting of the creditors in the estate of Mrs. E. J. Provôt and Co,, cordial manu- facturers, with liabilities amounting to £4,000, an offer of 7s. Od. per pound was made, and agreed to by all present. Mossrs. Occleston and Harvey, tho trustoescreviously elected, were appointed to seo the arrange- ment carried through. At the first meeting held in the insolvent estate of Messrs. Tulloch, M'Laren, and Co., merchants, Ballarat, Mr. William Crellin, of tbo firm of Lyell and Gowan, accountants, Mel- bourne, was unanimously appointed trustee to liquid ato tho estate under the now act for the bonofit of the creditors. A rule nisi was obtained for the sequestra- tion of the estate of Messrs. H. Bloch and Co., Flinders-lane, a firm having extensivo dealings with Tasmania. The state of this firm's affairs gave rise to a pood deal of talk, owing to tho detective police having, undor a warrant issued by tho Insolvent Court, made several seizures of goods belonging to the estate. A meeting of the creditors of H. Bloch and Co., of Melbourne, H. and M. Bloch, of Delor- aine and Latrobo, Tasmania, was hold on Mon- day, in Launceston. The position of affairs disclosed was notfavourablo, showing liabilities due- Melbourne creditors, £13,000; Tas-, manion, £1,500 ; whilst the assets consist of stock at Deloraine, estimated at £3,500, and book debts £1,500. Mr. Androw Lyell, on bobalf of the principal Melbourne creditors, requested the Blocbs to petition for an adjudication in bankruptcy. They, however, wish to liqui- date by privato arrangement. We believe tho Melbourne creditors intend applying for a compulsory sequestration should the firm do clino to file voluntarily. By the mail steamer advice has been ro- ceived of the failure of Messrs. Brasoh Brothers and Salenger^ warehousemen in Melbourne, with liabilities amounting to £80,000. The assets wero unknown at the time, but expected to be considerable. BANKS AND PUBLIC COMPANIES. National Bank of Australasia.-The half yearly meeting of shareholders was held on the 2nd inst. Mr. James Lorimer prosidod. A summary of the directors' roport and tbo balance-sheet wero given in the April sum- mary. It was shown that the net profits of the half-year amounted to £37,490 5s. 8d., from which £3,446 3s. Id. was deducted, in accordance with the recommendation of tbo former half-year's report, to cover all previous bad debts. Tho balance was appropriated to the payment of a dividend at the rate of 8 per cont.. amounting to £20,400 ; to the increase of the reservo fund by £4,000, and to tbo opening of a new profit and loss account with the credit balance of £3,G50 2s. 7d. Tho chairman stated that the bank had now over- come its difficulties, and once more entered on a course of dividend-paying. Tho total amount writton off for losses since Moy, 1870, had been £101,4S2, and the directors did not expect that any of it would be saved. The bad accounts were being gradually rea- lised, and tbo savings on some accounts had been slightly oxceeded by tbo extra lossos on others. Of tbo £101,482, a balance of £15,000 still remained untouched. About two years would elapse before these losses could be fully wound up, and the final result asceitained. Permanent savings hod been made by tho .reduction of expenses of management, and the numbor of oflicers reduced by 15. A full examination of the affairs of tho bank satis- fied the directors that its position was now perfectly sound. The directors' report was adopted. Some referenco was made to tho claims of Mr. Frederick Wright, tho lato general manager, who had beon sont to London, to manage tho London branch; but was now on his way out again. The chairman was not in a position to explain the circum- stances which had led to Mr. Wright's return ; but ho stated that negotiations had been opened between the directors and Mr. Wright, which were likely to end in a way satisfactory to all parties. The remuneration of the directors was increased from £100 to £250 per annum. Messrs. James Lorimer1;' George Dill, John Goodman, and Georgo Rolfe, were appointed directors ; and Messrs. Tuckett and Zeal wero re-elected auditors. Bank of New South Wales.-The half yearly meeting of shareholders was hold at tbe head office, Sydney, on the 20th-April last. Tho report and statement of accounts showed that the net profit for the half-year amounted to £53,09117s. 3d., which, with tho undivided balance of tho previous half-year, made a total of £50,12218s. Id. Of this sum £50,000 was appropriated to the paymont of a dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum j £3,000 was added to the reserve fund (now amounting to £303,000) ; and £3,12218s. id. was carried to a now profit and loss account. Tho business of tho bank during tbo past half year had been satisfactory. Tho directors, however, had considered it prudent, after carefully revising their old securities, to devote a part of the profits to further provi- sion for possible contingencies. Agencies of the bank had been established at the gold- fields at Gulgong, in this colony, and at Ahnnra, in New Zealand, and the Newstead and Spring Creek afioncios in Victoria bad been withdrawn. The roport and statement were adopted. Australian Mutual Provident Society.-The 22nd annual meeting of this society was hold at the Sydney office on tho 25th April. The following information was furnished in tbo directors' report, and accompanied a detailed statement of accounts :-" During tho 12 months ending 28th Fobruary, 1871, thoro havo beenreceivod 3,027 proposals for'sums amount- ing to £1,213,339, of which 1,047 havo boon declined, withdrawn, or not completed, for £468,374, leaving 1.980 proposals accepted, and completed for £744,965. The new premiums amount to £32,50216s. Ud., of which £3,599 11s. 9d. represents single payments. Claims havo arisen during the year under 78 life policies, by the death of 71 mem- bers, amounting to £45,846 13s. 2d., includ- ing £3,8'JG13s. 2d. for bonus additions. Tho statements of accounts oxhibit a bataneo of receipts over disbursements amounting to £138,357 11s.* ßd., thereby increasing tho accumulated fund to £818,142 3s. The num- ber of policies issued since the establishment of the society to 28th Fobruary, 1871, is 15,318. assuring £0,499,919, of which 3.G97 bave been discontinued, leaving 11,621 ex- isting polices, assuring £4,920,835. Tho an- nual revenue from premiums amounts to £179,054 Os.Od.; the auuual revenuo from in- terest on tho accumulated fund (incltidingrent of offices let-£190 por annum), £-45 3418s. öd. ; making tho total gross annual revonuo of tho society £224,393 9s. 2d. It is gratifying to record that tho success of tho Victorian branch continues to bo highly encouraging. It has contributed a largor amount of new business than in any previous yoar, Your directors havo determined upon establishing a branch office at Wellington, Now Zoalaud. The report was adoptod. Australian Meat-preserving Company.-A special meeting of aharoholders was hold on tueilGth inst., to consider the propriety of increasing tbo capital. The chairman (Mr. Charles Croaker) stated that tho company started with a capital of £10,000, tho wholo of which had been called up, and invested in the erection of buildings and purchase of machinery, and tho directors found that they had not sufficient capital to accomplish tho object thny had in viow when tho company was started. It was rosolved that the capital should bo increased to £20,000 by tho issuo of 2,000 shares of £5 each. The directors in- timated that not moro than half tho amount of tho additional capital would nocd to bo called up for tho present. The amount of the calls was then fixed at 10s. Hobson's Bay United Railway Company. An extraordinary mcoting of aharoholders was held on the 11th May to consider the draft of a bill to be submitted to Parliament to enable the company to lease such portions of its lands as wero not required for railway purposes. The bill was approved of, and tho directors were instructed to apply to tho Legislature to got it passed. It consisted of onO| clause, as follows :-" Notwithstand- ing anything contained in tho oxisting Crown grants of any lands granted by the Crown, and now vestod in the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay United Rail- way Company, it shall bo lawful for tho said company from lime to timo to grant for ' any period or periods, not excoeding 21 years, upon stich terms and conditions as the) said company may think lit, building loasea of any part or parts of tho said lands ; pro- vided that no lease so to bógranted shall in- clude any portion of tho permanent way of tho railway of the said company, or any other part of the said lands the leasing whereof would prevent the said railway from boing maintained and used in conformity with any act or acts relating thereto which may be in force for the time being." At tho same meeting, Mr. Edward Langton was elcctod auditor in tho room of Mr. Bell, deceased. . The Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, M.L.C., was in tho chair. The Polynesia Company.-The half-yearly meeting was hold on the 28th ApriL Mr. A K. Smith was in the chair. The directors'roport. which referred to several matters, contained thofollowingstatements :-"The operations of the post half- year havo bcon principally con- fined to efforts for obtaining the balance of land which, undor the charter, still remains to bo handed over by King Thakombau. The survoyor has not yet reported as to the actual area of tho several blocks made over to tho company, and until this is ascer- tained no final settlement can be mado with the nativo authorities ; but your directorshave reason to believe that tho area of the sovoral blocks has been considerably overratod, and that a largo quantity of land has still to bo procured. In furtherance of this end, your directors, after due cousideration, havo in- structed Mr. Butters to apply to King Tha- kombau for the balance of the land, as per charter, and have also notified to King Thakombau that Mr. Butters is the accredited agent of the Polynesia Company (Limited) at Fiji, requesting him, in the terms of the char tor, to hand over to Mr. Buttors tbe balance of the land at the earliest possible datp, in order that the various localities in which tho said land is situated may bo cor» rectly survoyed and described." lu tho dis- cussion on the report, tho old subjects of the local committee and tho special commissioner in Fiji (Mr. Butters) woro revived ; and Mr. Butters was censured by one party and de- fended by the other. The meeting refused to adopt tho'directois' report, principally because Mr. Buttors had been recognised as the only representative of the company in Fiji. An entirely now board of directors, represent- ing the viows of the anti- Butters party, was elected, viz., Messrs. Oakden, F. Cook, For- wood, Mathews, and W. B. Jones. Langland8'Foundry Company.-The oighth half-yearly meeting was held on tho 28th April, the Hon. C. J. Jenner, M.L.C., in tho chair, lho accounts submitted showed that business had been much depressed during the half-year. Tho directors, however, were able to declare a dividend at the rato of 8 per cent, per annum (£1,588) out of the accrued profits, and leave a balance at the credit of profit and loss of £2,876 13s. 3d. Out of the half-year's business of £18,891 Gs. 7d., only £12,811 was of the usual cha meter-the difference, £6,080, consisting of £4,820 for part of tho bridge work for tho North-Eastern Railway, £8G0 for engine manufactured for stock, and £400 fof mate- rials sold, On this difference of £G,0SO the directors had not deemed it advisable to estimate any profit, and the £2,834 13s. 8d. of a gross profit shown on tho £12,H11 of ordinary business, was fully equal to the average of previous half- years. Tho roport and accounts were odopted. Mr. George Davis was olected a director in the room of Mr. Joseph Wilkie. Warrnambool Steam Navigation Company. -The sixth half-yearly meeting was held on the 20th April, at Warrnambool. Mr. P. Stevens presided. A dividend was doclared at the rato of 10 por cent, per annum on the paid up shares of the company ; £400 was carried to the reservo fund. Messrs. Jamieson and Wood were ro-electcd directors. It was stated that the manager was to be sent home to superintend the building of a now steamor, for the purchase of which £5,000 had been laid by. Tho new boat is to be constructed on the Clyde. She will bo schoonor rigged, about 185ft. long, 21ft, Gin. in broadtb. of beam, lift. Gin. in depth of hold, capable of carrying 300 tons of cargo, and havo a pair of direct-acting inverted oylinder engines of 90 horso power, calculated to give a speed of 11 knots. The following dividends havo been doclared by Now South Wales and New Zealand Com- panies ¡-Waratah Coal Company, 10 per cent, per annum ; New South Walos Insurance, 15 per cont.; Bank of Now Zoalaud, 15 per cent. STOCKS IN BOND. The following woro the stocks in bond at Melbourno on May 13 ;-Brandy, 6,149 lihd., 24,411 cases ; rum, 1,448} bud. 598 cases-, geneva, 100 hhd., 59,396 red cases, 5,277 green cases; whiskey, 1,019J hhd., 5,891 casos; gin (sweetoued), 8 hhd., 4,424 cases ; cordials, 050 cases ; spirits of wine, 119J hhd. ; other spirits,- 4,828 cases ; wine, 5,009 hhd,, 22,064 cases; beor, 1,037 hhd., 20,918 cases and casks ; tobacco, manufac- tured, 1,130 half- tioicos, 599 quartor-tiorces, 8,133 thrce-quaTter boxes and boxos, 3.76G cases ; do., unmanufactured, 259 hhd. and casks, 533 cases, 1,011 bales ; candles, 225 chests, 32,456 boxos ; flour, 9,112 bogs ; cigars, 582 cases ; kerosono, 25,950 cases ; cocoa and chocolate, 122 packages : tea, 14,107 chests (1,176,8381b.), 44,144 half chests (1,694,9531b.), 25,167 boxes (37G,2521b.) : coffco, 922 bags, 32 tierces, 535 casks, 501 barrels ; wheat, 1,682 bags ; sugar-Mauritius 20,652bogs, S,044 pockets; Java, 930bags, 732 baskets, 436 mats ; Manilla. 43,393 mats; Ré- union, 7,391 bags, 1,445 mats ; other ports, 8,499 bags, 5,231 mats ; othor sugar (refinery) 815 tons, 9 cases and casks ; chicory, 12 packages ; opium, 70 packages ; oats, 5,057 bags ; hops, 2,597 pockets ; rice, 0,539 bags ; salt, 30,851 bags ; vinegar, 330 casks, 1.3S3 cases. IMPOBTS AND Bxpoivra. The following tablo gives tho imports and exports of the port since the beginning of the year, as compared with the corresponding rmrinri of 1 R7rt ._ period of 1870 : lui potts. Exporte. Ending 1870. 1871. 1870. 1871. £ £ £ £ Doo. 81.. 211,137 101161 110,510 101,801 Jan. 7,, 231,080 102,201 573'oOä 807,863 Jan. 11 " 288,807 288,011 232,037 337,009 Jan. 21,. 351 003 201.018 05,331 810,170 Jan. 28.. 270.431 250,238 116,510 220.22S Feb. __ 851,210 805,807 700 002 511.771 Fob. 11.. -78.110 187,830 101.800 103,010 Fib. l8.. 205,013 160,830 100,020 71,027 Feb. 26.. 201,818 142 161 0S.0J3 210,203 Mar. 1_ 218,217 217,767 620,113 000,060 Mar, li., 222,800 -8S0.721 110,010 122 333 Mar. l8.. 170,350 221,578 100,170 170,308 Mar. 25.. 188,070 loa.ioo 165.805 05,088 April 1.. 271,481 220.222 441,530 eOO.002 April 8.. 221,769 195,660 60 878 78.172 ApilllC. 110,010 201 023 00 830 107,027 A liri) 22.. 211,207 102.8S3 478,210 800,005 Aj.rll20.. 823.808 103,018 132,860 163,105 May 0.. 153.018 287,154 31030 148,185 May l8.. 270,865 250,351 01,702 00,330 4.001.011 1,618,012 4,447,774 5,218,201 During the first period the account stood thus : Imports .£1.001,011 Exporta .1117.774 Bataneo of Importa ovor exports £513,870 During the second period :. Importa Exporta £4 518,012 6,213,201 Bataneo ol exporta ovor imports £091,082 Comparing tho abovo periods with each. other, tho results aro as under : Import« tri 1870 .£4,061,014 Import« lu 1871 .4,618,012 Decreauolrt 1871 £118.032 Exports In 1870 .£1417,774 lîxporta lu 1871 .6,218,201 Inoroaao in 1871 ... £705.620 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho ArgUB Ofllco, Friday Evening. Notwithstanding that, on tbo whole, only a modorate demand baa been oxporiencod throughout tho month yet ono way or another thoro has boon a goo. deal ol excitement In the Import market, and certainly * comldorablo Improvement on previous months may bo reported. The alterations lu tbo tarin bavo boon freely dlBcuaeod,, and vory gonernl dissatisfaction has been oxprossod In oomuiorcial clrolos. The changos Intended must naturally affect pricos and .values ol all merchandise ; but as the budgot was made public only a day or two before the doparturo of the steamer, and their effect cannot vol bo dovoloped, wo aro compelled In our review of tbo maritata to exclude these duties from our quotation! at present, but wo append to oach article the extent of the altera- tion, anil the difference likely to be caused by the Increased du ti«. In bulk and bottled boen little H ort li «poola! mention has traneplrod. Ibero has beon moro doing In Dundee Roods. Woolpack! havo beon iblng In favour, and this wcok a largor sale of corn sicks iban has como under our notlco for a long tim» has been reported. Boots and shoes figure to a fair extent In tbo month's trsde. Caudles have not had inucli attention bestowed upon tbtmi. Cementa have ruled high, and tbo market is vor) firm and hoalthy. Chemicals, chicory, cefloo, conlictlonoty.oerdaçe, Uah, fruits, gunpowder, hops, malt, metals with tho exception of galvanised Iron, oilmen stores, pro- visions, salt, have been little dealt lu, and sales have only been restricted to supplying Immediate require- ment«, Breadstuff* have shown more activity, and advanced rates havo boen established ou both wboit and flour. Feeding grains havo not fluctuated, lu olia, a large buelnots has been done lu kerosene and easton, but other torts have not boon touched. Quicksilver li «, MBe lower. In rice, wo noto taloa to the extent of 600 tona. Sugars have llkewiso boon lively.-_. gond bruiner» lately has boen transacted in toa?. Tobnc loee havo met with attention. Wino. ha?e hoon inactivo, but a trifle moro business bus bren reported in brandies. Ale and Stout.-Tho market ban ratintalncil a quint aspect, and values on the >7hnlo hive no« beon t>nb jeetod to any changes. BasB'a bu'k alohisboen umtod at £8 to £8 5a. for" «n»U' lots, but one or two entiro shipments have boon cleared oil on arrival in n Uno at a concession on this quotation-prico paid mitv poaed to bo £7 10a. Joule'« baa maintained a steady quotation of £8 to £8 5_, and Marrlan's has mot with purohaeors at a libo rate. Hie Oullsle Co 's has realised £7 15s, Sales of last oea»on'n brow of Martian'» brand havo alto boon effected at £G 15). to £7. For Joule's old brew, £9 to £8 53. hat boon obtained. Wo have nothing whatever to report regarding bulk atout. Bottled ales havo mot with little attention, bnt though quotations for tho commoner brandi are not reliable, yet prices for the botter class o! beor »re well supported and havo undergono no ehanno Blood's and Foster's have found buvora at IK Od. Tennont'a is disposed of at 0a. to Oi 34. Allsopp'a ts quoted at 8S. Cd. to 8s, 9d. Arrol's Is worth 8a. Od to 8a, 7 J ii. For Aitken'« 8*. 6d is required, and Jeffruj'.i ia valued at 8a. Bottled stoutj are In moderate re- quest, but sales are not by any mearía largo. Bott brand?, such asBurko's, Edmonds's pig brand.Foator'«, ita, are quoted at Da 3d. Sales of Blood's aro effected at I». Of themediurabrandBO'Brien'sdaggerislu-moat favour, and sales to a considerable oxtent have come under our notico from tims to time at 8a. to 8s. 3d. Borthwick'/! has bcon quitted at 7s. Od , and sales of Byass'a havo boon oflocted at 8s. In tho beginning of the month nomo 1,600 cases of Machen's wore cleared off at prices rising to 9a. 1__, this prlco, bowovor. being only obtained for cbampsgno bottles in vory prime condition. This week about 1000 casos of outsldo brands woro quittod publicly at low ratos, beginning at 8s. upwards. Tho quotations glvon above do not embrace any tariff alterations, which come into force at too lato a period to enable us to bring them Into our quotations It Is proposed to In- crease the duty on bottled boor by 8d a gallon, which puts Cd. a cann on bottled aloa and stout. Bagging.-Thero boa boon nothing whatever doing In eornsaolia, tho demand has boon quito dormans Occasional «mall orders havo bean exeouted at lit. lid, to 11s.' 3d., and up till this week no sales beyond that have como under dur notico ; a couplo of diys ago, however, dealers woro taken by surprise at tho reported sale of 100 bales, which changed hands on prlvato terms ; we quote from Ila. 3d. to Ile. 6 J. Almost all outside lots have boon cleared ot! the market and thoso who hold do not caro to quote less Wool pads havo mot with a growing demand, and sales have beon made in fair parcela at 8s. 8}d. to 8s 9d. Under tho latter pilco nothing has boon sold for threo weeks at least. Qunnlos ara noglected, and wo have no transactions whatovor to roport. Wo quote 7s 6d. to 7s 0d. The proposed duties aro Is. per dozen on corusacks, Cd. per dozen on gunny bags, and 3d. each on woolpacks. Boots and Shoes.-A considerable business has been transacted in this market, no weok having pasaod without transactions to some oxtent'bolng reported. On tho 27th ult. an extensive sale of colonial boots and «hoes was held. On the 3rd lnat. a three days' sale of boots, shoes, and leatherwarc was concluded, when the auctioneers rmcocedod In disposing of 478 trunkB and casca at fair market ruto«. Thora wai a very largo attondanco of buyers, and, taken altogether, the aale waa n success, tho gross amount realised being ovor £0,000. Prices obtained woro au follow:-Women's all-glove- kid fauoy brought from 10a. Od. to 13s ; do. do. plain do., Oi. Od. to 10s. Od. ; fancy stltchod kid do., from Ga. Gd. to 8s. Od. ; mock kid do., 4B. Od, to 5s 01. ; kid stitched balmoral», 8*. Od. to 10s 8d ; do. Lovant do., 0s Od. to 7s. 01,; maids' do., 5s Oi. to 0i.; mon's Wellingtons 8«. Od. to 11s. ; do. nailed do., 0a. Gd. to lis.; half-welllngtons, 7a. to 0a. Gd ; nallod do.,0a. to 10s. Od, ; calf E S. almas, 09. Od. to 12). Od ; E.S. clump do., C9. Od. to 7s Od. ; bluchers, 4a. Od. to Ga 8d.¡ nailed almas, 7s. Od. to 8s. 3d. ; boya' and youthb' E.S. and balmorala, 4a. lOd. to 7«.; girls'kid, li. Gd. to 6s. Od J do. balmorala, 3a. 0d. to d8. Od ; children's d >. do., Sa. Od. to -9, 8d.; infants' fancy boots, 10s, to 26); per dizon; long wellington legs, 0a. Od. to 10a. Od. : kip do., 8s 6d. to Da. ed. ; half do, do,, 7s. Gd.; calf E.8. uppers, 4s. lOd. to 5a. Gd. The samo day a shipment of boots was also sold by ordor of Mr. Sim Mon, at considerable advance in prices. Ladies' kid clustlo, flowered fronts, fancy too-cipa, &c.;, rea'lsed from 5s. Od. to Os. 10J ; girls' do., 71, 8a, 10J. toes, Id.; ulso, a quantity of colonial manufactured gooda-men's calf clastic almas sold at 7s. Od.; youth-.' do., at Ga. Od.; womon'a leather lace, at 4s. 7d- ; do calf elastic alma', at 0s, 3d.; maids' do., at 5J. Od.; girls' 7-0 do , Sa. 10d.; bojs' 10-13 copnor toe», at 8' 20J. j do 4-6, at ¡ia Id. . On tho Otb, 131 packngoi Btoad and Simpson's goods wero got rid of at prlco j which fully sustained previous sales for all linea except men's £,8., which st ow od a slight decline ; 65 paokagsi Snow and Bonnott'n boots and shoes and A.B. goloshei wore quitted at medium pilco. At a salo of loathorware, black harness leather brought Is. per lb. ; white do.. Is. 3Jd. por lb.; skirt lcatbor, Is. Id. por lb; kangaroo skins, 3a lOd. per lb. ; kid do., 15a. per dozen ; Wel- lington leg«, 10s. 3d. por pair; American hobs, 4}d. to 0d. per lb ; tiddlers' clams, 21s per dozen. Tho duty on such goods is to bo 12} per cent ad valorem. Candles havo boen treatod with the utmost neglocl, and almost nil tho business roportcd has come to tit through the auction matt. When the mall steamar was telegraphed a demand sprang up, as ndvlcas woro contiJored favourable; this, with au anticipated ln croaro In the duty, cauitd Borne nuimatlon; but holdem and importers, not being In n. position to cnoourago buycis by granting tho concession neccfmry to indue J thom to operate, compaiatlrely llttio was dono. Prices, however, gradually improved, advancing from 10J-). to lOJd. sudlOJil., at which they now sland, wini however no animation, and bearing an appoarauco of weakness, which portends tho. return to lato ratos About 0,600 boxea may have changed hands Thoro 1B to bo no alteration In the duty, willoh stands as heforoatld. per lb. Cement.-We note a veiy firm, steady martot fot Portland, notwithstanding lint tho ehlpmenta advised aro considerable, but thoro boing surtlolont elasticity In the market to oarry off everything that come-s for- ward, values ara uteadlly supported. Amongst the salis reported oppourod two shipments of White's Port- land, which were cloarod off to land at ICa. Medium brands havo mot with a roady sale>t 15'. to 15s 3d. ; while outside branda wou'd bo taken up at 14s. 8d. to 14B. Od. Amorican plastor has boen quotod nt 16s. for good brands ; and wo learn of the sale this week of 200 barrels Al bort Mills, for whioh tho holdor suc- ceeded in realising lös. 0d,, or as CIOBO to that as pos- sible. Tho duty on cement Is to bo Gd. per cwt. Chemicals,--Thero bss boon very little inquiry ex- perienced, and only a trilling business can bo roported. ?Soda crystal» havo boon quittod at £G 16s to £7. Car- bonato has boon sold by auction, at £13, and wo quote up te £13 lOe. Caustic soda has stood at £17. Flow or of sulphur Is disposed of at £1S. Tnrtarlc acid han boon moved off at la Od. to la. lid, accord- ing to packngo. Cream of tartar Is salcablo at 13d. to 14d. Prepared opium has mnlntaiucd a quotation of 23a. to 23», Od. On sovcral of thoso articles the duly IB to bo altorod. Chicory has boen In very moderato request; wo continuo to quoto 2jd. to -gil. for bedt brandB In bond. Colonial-grown has been disposed of at 4Jd to IJ'J , but, ns llio duty has bean lncroaied from 21, to 31. por Ib.,doubtless tho additional Id, vi 111 bo put In futuro ou tho pi Ice of colonial-grown. Ctlfeo.-No business beyond tho supply of ordinary requirements has como undor our notice Plantation Ko. land 2 has found buj ern at Oil. and 8Jd. respec- tively. Java, primo quality Is ealoablo at SJd , huí crdlnary eamplos cannot ho quoted ovor7d. to7Jd. Nativo Co j Ion would command notice at CJ. to 0Í 1 Our dates from Colombo reach to 17th April. Tho Nightingale had sailod with a cargo {or this port. Tbo duty on all descriptions is to bo Increased by a penny Îier lb, say to 3d., hut duty Haï bean paid at tho owor rule of 2d. on a vory largo quantity. * Confectlonory.-Inquiries have beon on a vory trifling scalo, only tho trado of tho month ho», consequently, beon cxtrcmoly moderate Assort, menta of Ktcllor'a havo hotn got rid of at 91. to Oi 1 Colonial-made havo boen quittod at S}á. dandled peel has beon disposed of at lid. to lljtl Jujube« havo boen moved tff at 13Jd. to lid. Hie duty ou those goods will bo Increased to ljd- per lb. Ooruegc-The month's trado has beon charnctorltod by great tomones» and want of animation. Tho BIKH effected, which havo been limited to supplying mero trado requirements, show no alteration in prioo ; but, as a great rcduotion ia roportod from Manilla In the prlco of hemp, It Is not Improbable that oro long an BrijiiBtmont of prices in consonnnco with that declino win be mado ; moanlimo, wo quoto for Jin, to }ln cordago, 8Jd- tn Od. ; wbiio lUBortmonta of slzos ranging from lln. to I Jin. rcaliso £00 to £05. Now Zsslsnd flax-mado ropo and cordago find buyors at prices ranging, according to size», from £13 to £50. Coir rope, hawser size. Victorian made, is quittod at £50. Bolt ropo is saleable at £05. Beaming twlno is in nlbw Bale at 18d. For New Zealand flax oxtromo rat-.i aro at present roqulred, ai much as £25 being oflorod and refused for fine well-dressed parcels. All such goods as ooi dago and twine come undor tho 10 per cent, ad valorem duty. Fish.-Until the proposo 1 twifl alterations, thla olaes of merchandiso linn been irot rid of at 5_<1\. for ling. Half bárrela wtaito herrings havo boon quittod at yZo. Od. ; firkins havo found purchasers atlOs. Gd. lib herrings are very scarce-Bales could bo made at Da. Od. Red norring« In lins are quitted at 82s. 01. to 85s., according to brnud. Of lib. salmon only modorate eales havo como undor our notice. American lias realised 124,, while for Knidlsh brands 12i. Od. to 12s. Od, Is got. Plcklod salmon, In kegH, has boon Bold nt 3rd. this week. Halvoi eardlneB havo hoen quotod at 12s. Gd. to 12i. Od aud quarters have boen steadily held for 7s. ljd. to 7s Sd. lib. oystora aro valued at 9s. 01. (damaged wore Bold at 8s. Od.).;andllb. lobsters nt 10s. Od. Fish not salted, dried, or preserved In brine, comos under tho duty of ljd. per lb., hut fish ealted, drlod, or pre- served in brine, comes under a C3, per cwt. duty. FIUUB.-Ourrsnts havo met with a very roady sale at 6d. ; Indeed slightly faulty pnrcols, for which last week ljd. was gladly -cceptcd, luve thlB week boon disposed of at Sd. ; wo cannot, howovor. quoto over Cd. ovoii tor sound parcol.", but the additional duty of a halfpenny per lb. will havo to bo put to that figure, Our quotations for Kleine mistas h aro etosd at Cd. Valencias have also boon quitted at 6d. Sui tanaa aro scarce, and wantod ; wo quoto 7d. Musoatols liavo been nominal at Sd. to Od. Fig», lu boxes, bava boon got rid of nt Gd. to 6}d. For dried npplos we quote «id., faulty have boen sold at 8$d. '.ho duty on all fruits dried and proserved han boen raised from Id. to ljd. por lb ; green fruit »III bo chargod for at rate of Cd. per bushoi. Flour and Grain,-Tho markot for broadstufl« haï been much moro active throughout tho month. A largor business than tor somo time put has been done, and prices havo boon steadily worked up at leait £2 per ton on flour and Od. to Is. per buthol on whaat. No speculative domond whatever haa beon allowed to interfero In any way with the coursa of Uta market, willoh has only boen subjocted to a steady and growing demand for trade requirements, andas tho Bales havo In conscquonoo boon of a description not requiring any special notlco, wo content oursolvos by roporting a gradual riso In flour from £14 16s. to £16, tho prlco« quotod at the close of last month for Ade- laide eountry and Victorian town brands, to £10 10s. to £17, the prlcos now ruling. Wheat In Uko mtnnor advanced from Ga. Od. for Adelaide* to 7s. Od. to 7«. ' 8d., at which latest sales havo beon recorded ¡ front 6a. 3d. to Oi. Od. for Port lIioDonnoll to 7s Id. to ' 7a. 6d., now offer lug; from 0). Gd. for prime Victorian to 7s. Id. to 7a. 6d., the prices realiied thla weok ; from 6s. to 6i.8d. for primo Tasmanian and New Zealand to Cs. Od. now obtained. Of course a considerable hm! noss bos been done at Intervening ratos. This riso bao. been forced upon us by South Australia, as, unfortu nately, wo are almost entirely dapandout upon ox traneous aid for our supplies this year, the run bolng chiefly on Adelaide, in which colony the Government, ?Utlstlca show a surplus of 110,000 tons of breaditnuN available for exportation, of whlob about 60,000 toni have already been ahlppod. The acreige shows an increase of 72,009 acree. It Is, however, stated that i this low averago yield has created considerable sur- prise In that colony, and aorao doubt Is thrown on tho accuracy of the returns. Of late advantage, has been taken of the rlsead vised thUmnil In the homo ma-keu; It has boon responded to at once lu South Aust.ra'l i, md as promptly followed up hero. By tha steamer Nevada, advices fiom S\n Frnucb-co havo boon received up to 8th- April, but from the position ol the markot there we eau hardly expect any asslstanoe from that quarter until thu now harvest is gathered lu, if even then ; but in the moat favourable circumstances supplies could not bo ex peoted from thence bofore the beginning of September. At the d*to of our advices quotations stood at-For "supeifine flour, per 1901b., 0,26dol. to B-SOdoL;extra, por 1901b., G Sljdol. to 7-.-ol. Wlioat.-Solas. 206U sacks choice at full rates ; 600 sacks choice, 2 OOdol.; 260 sacks fair, 2 62JdoL per contal. Darloy.-Salos 1,200 packs brewing, io lots, 1-OOdol ; 600 sacks brav- ing, 1-eOdol. per contal. Oats.-Sale, 800 saoks fair, 1 70dol.; feed oro telling 18dol. per coûtai." In feed- ing grains the business transacted has not been of much account. Supplies of oats to hand have been considerable, and stocks have accumulated. A good deal of hoavinOHB has, consequently, pervaded the market; tbe declino reported last month hai not, undor the circumstance", boen rooovorod, and although for vory prime parools for seed as much as 3s. Od. to 3s. lOd. haa been got, any benefit dorlvod from that circumstance has boen moro than counterbalanced by numerous sales of disooloured parcels, for which 3-. 2d. to 8s. 8Jd. had to be accepted ; good samples of milling hovo brought 8s. 8Jd. to 8s 7Jd. Barley han not been much noticed in tho salos of the montb. Capo feeding sorts have been moved off at 84. 2d. to Ss. Id. Haltiog has boen quitted at pricos ranging from 3s. 10d. to Is., and up to Is. 8d. The market has boon vory barely supplied with maize, in fact has boen entirely run out ; tho price, inconsequence, was, forced up to Is. Gd., and has of lato nominally stood at4s. Id.to Is Gd. Should supplies como forward even In a mode- rato degroo tho price will hove to glvo way. Bran has maintained a uniform quotation of about 12Jd. Pol- lard has been quoted at Is. 3d. to Is. Gd, Scotch oat- meal has Rtood at £21 to £22, but the duty having beon Increased from£l por ton to£2 por 2,0001b., tito price will likely in future be quoted at £1 higher. Foarl barloy has been sold at £20 10a. The same ro mark regarding duty is equally applicable to this article. The duties are :-drain and pulse of every kind, not other»leo enumerated, Od, per 1001b.; grain and pulse of every kind, not otherwise onuinoratcd, when prepared, ground, or in any way manufactured, Is. per 1001b; oatmeal, pearl barloy, 2s. por 1001b. Gunpowder.-Ia blasting powder a moderate trade demand only has boen experienced. Country burors havo more freely mot their requirements at tho slight concession made by holders. Males of Hall's have been mado at C|d to 7d. Kamee has boon disposed of at Od., and outside brands have been quittod at 6Jd. to 6id. The proposed duty is, howover, Id. per lb., and to the extent of the intended alteration tho quotations given may be increased. On sporting powder tho duty is to be 3d por lb, Hops.-We havo to report great depression as still ruling in this market. A fow trade parcels of the finer descriptions of new Tasmanian and Kent 1870 aro taken up from timo to time at Is. to Is. 2d.; medium qualities of Kent 1870 have boon offering at Od. to 10d-, but without leading to any Improved business ; 18fl8's and lSüfl'a can bs bought at Cd. to 7<1. Tasmanian 1870's have beon offering at 7d. to 9d. On this product the duty has beon raised from 2d. to 8d. por lb. Malt-A vory considerable improvement waB noted in tbo demand for this article, and lu the courso of o fortnight of the present month some 16,000 bushels wero cleared off-rather an unusual circumstance 8relng so llttlo went Into the hands of speculator/». The trado havo bought for requirements at 7«. Gd. to 7s 7Jd.; but when ontlro shipments wero taken up by the larger buyers over 7e. could not bo got. Tho duty has been Increased from Od. to le., and wo pro sumo we must now quoto from 7s. Gd. to 8s. Motáis havo not givon signs of tho Bligh tost im- provement. Business In tho market bos been exceedingly flow, and were It not for the brisk and nativo demand for galvanised iron, total stagnation muBt havo prevailed. In vory few cf tho other Items have any Baloo won h noticing come boforo us. The following quotations are only up to the publication of tho new budget ; any altoratlon which may DO forced upon holders in couao quenco of tbo changea in the duty cinnot as yet be included. Pig iron has maintained a uniform quoti tion of £1 6s., but wo havo not been able to repot t much inquiry, and no calos of any conscquonco have como tinder our notice. In galvanised iron a large business bsB been transacted, and shipmontB as they como forward continuo to meet a ready markot, at vory full rntco. Scotch, 2flgaugo, huve been sold at £21 Of ordinary brandB of English mako salos have been offeotod at £20. Best brands havo also beon roadily disposed of at £28 for 2G gaugo. Sales of Braby'a Iron ox Hsmmulre and Agamemnon, have been made at £28 10s. to £81 7s, Gd. In bar and rod iron llttlo of a spe- cial nature has tranBpircd, but quotations havo stood at from £9 to £11, according to marks and qualities, Plate Iron has been of Blow salo, at £11 to £1110<<. Shoot iron assort od baa ruled at £11 for Nos. 8 to l8, and at £11 tor Nos. 20 to 26. Hoop Iron has now gone com- pletely out of notlco; we quote £11. Fencing wi'o has boon nominal at £16, £10, and £17 for Nos. 0, 7, and 8. Shoot lead Is quoted at £27. Shot has de dined, and Is now nominal at £20, £27. Numorous salos of tin plates have boon mado, and 15 por cent, to 20 per cent, advanco on invotco has beon realised. Ztluntz metal bas beon quitted at 8d. Ewbank's nails havo found buyers at 20 per cent. oH list, American nails havo been placed at 19s. Od, to 20s. American hardwaro has been in fair supply. Oolllns'a and Sharpo's heavy axes havo been disposed of at 71B. to 70s. AmoB'fl shovels havo boen got rid of at CG«. Day's Dil. shovels, 311n. to SG _., have boon Bold at 629., and other makers, samo size, command 609. Sales of holloware have boen reported at 374 Pcr ccnt- off list. Tho proposed duties aro to bo an follows :-Galvanised Iron, 30s. per ton ; Iron wiro. Nos. 1 to 11,20s. per ton; nails and screws, 103. por ton ; shot Id. por lb. Manufactures of iron steel, copper, tin, lead, zino, brass, or of other or mixed mo ala, Including all hardware and Iron- mongery, agricultural implements, machlnory, bailor*, cantlugs, clieot lead, and piping como under tho 10 per cent, ad valorem category. Oils.-The Chief attraction in this msrkot through- out the month has boen koroaone. It noa not howevor, until well on in the month that any groat activity waa experienced. For the flrat week only 2,000 ctisoB appear to havo changed hands ; an attempt to soil at auction reaultod in only a small lot being disposed of at 2s. 2d., tho balance bolng with- drawn. On Monday (1st May), transactions to tho extent of 2,500 casos woro reported at 2s. IJd. On Tuesday about 1,000 cases wera offered for salo by auotion, but only 260 cases were disposed of, at 2a IJd., the rest remained unsold. Without regard to this, however, buyers commonced purchasing early on tho same day, and being unable to meot with soliera under 2«. 2d., were compelled to pay .that figure. On Wodncaday, 3rd, some 1,800 cases wore eloarod off at up tots 2d., for local use as well as for export. For tbe rcmalndor of tho week sales continued to bo re- ported at 2a. 2d. to 2a. 2Jd., but up till tbo middlo of the following week little could bo beard of In tho way of Bales ; at the time referred to, however, the arrival of the Annie Siso waa roportod, buyers woro stimulated, and on Wednesday, the 10th, a domaud began to be experienced after it became known thit ono firm had made sales to the extent of 4,250 cas»a Devoe's ; but though 2s. 2d, carno to bo freely offered, sellers showed loss Inclination to quit, and with tho exception of »bout a thousand cases, no further salos woro reported on that day. On Thursday, the lltb, however, In consequonco of a rumour to tho effort that an additional duty was likely to bo Imposed by Qovernmont, conslderab!oo_clter_e_twasoxperloiico1, and Bouio 10,000 cases of Dovoe'e woro taken up at prices rising fromes. 2d. to 2a. 2Jd., and even it. 3d. was obtslncd for a small parcol. On the 12th, some 4,000 cases moro were quitted at 2«. 2jd. to 2s. 3d. Thcio, with about 2,500 coses got rid of this woek at 2s 2id" will about completo the month's businoaB re- ported. The Californian null reached Sydnny on the 16th inst., with dates from New York toGth April. Tho EaBt Lothian had sailed for Sydnoy with 5,700 cisoa kerosene ; and lho li. M. Long, for Molbourno, with 0,400 cases. The Janet Ferguson had eloarod out from Boston, for Melbourno, with 8 310 casoi kerosone. Tho pasca was loading. The GamccocK, for Melbourne and Dunedin, was to loavo Kow York on the 16th April, with 10,000 casos oil, and tho Agra, to leave on 1st May, had 12,000 casca ongigod. Castor oil has not been much thought of. In tbo bo ginning of the month, the Wimmera'» shipment of 8 000 cases changed hands on prlvato terms (about 3i. 7d. Is the price supposed to havo beon roallsed), and subsequently a few small parcels, in 50 and 100 caso lines, were got rid ol at 8s. Bd., but the matkot liai not born further stimulated, tho trade bolng very cau- tious buyers ; duty-paid quotations havo stood at la. 2d. to 4s, 8d. Linseed oil has latterly boon inquirod for; quotations havo ruled at 8s. lid. to 4a. for drums and 3s. 7d. for bulk. Colza has boon hold for 5s. for drums, and 4s. 8J. for quarter-casks. Olivo oil has beon quotod at 5«. Od. and 6s. 4}d. respectively for diurna and casks. Chineso la valued at 4s. 7}d. to it. Od. Polar oil is firm at £40. Tho duty on all oils In bulk lins ticen raised from 3d. to Gd. per gallon. Oilmen's 8loros.-This market has been very slow. Sales havo not been largo though vailed, and vory few ontlro luvolccs have boon taken up. Plcklos of in- terior qualities havo been sold at Ga. Gd. ; Blower's and other brands aro dlsposod of at 7s. ; medium brandi And buyers at 8s. Gd. to D3., and best brands aro saleable at 10s. and 10a. Od., tho iattor for O. and B. Assorted bottled fruits have rotained. our quotation of 10s. Black currants have been placed nt 11s. ; lib. jams havo boen soiling at 5). to 7s. Salad oils In quarts have hlthoito boen dlsposod of at 18s. to 22a., and up io 25s. is required for O and B ; < ints are moving off at 10s. 3d to 12a., and for balf- pinU Ga. 3d. to 7a. 3d. Is got. Salos of castor oil In pinta havo come under our notice at 0a. Gd. to 7s. ; half-pints realise 4a. Gd. to 4s. Dd. Baucce are got rid of at Ga. to 8s. Od. and 10a. Capers find buyers at Ga. Mustard, in 71b. tins, is sold at 0}d. for Colman's; pound tins bring 0a. Gd., and half-pound tina from 6». 3d. to 6s. Gd. Keen's D.8.F. Is quittod at 10a. for pound and 10a. Gd. for half-pound tins. Patent groats wero sold at 8s. Whlto starch readily realises 5d., and bluo starch a similar figure Thumb bluohasbeeuplaced nt 10jd. Table salt realised 4s Od. per dozon. Carra- way seed was quitted Bt5d. Sago has hitherto brought Ed. to 2Jd, 'and macaroni and vermicelli Od. Whlto pepper has been inmodoratotrado requost at la. IJd to Is. 2d., and black pepper lias been quotod at 7d, to7Jd. Tbo Syren's cargo of Singapore produce, comprising sago, pearl tapioca, pepper, &c;, changed hands in one line early in the month at satisfactory prices not do- clared. Tho following duties are Imposed :-Oilmen's stores, not otherwise enumerated; oils. Including castor or cod liver, when roflnod or for modiclnnl pur- poses, and essential oils, not containing alcohol, will pay 12} per cent, ad valorom ; pickles, salad oil, aud .vinegar, per dozen quarts or reputed quarts, la.; plckloB, salad oil, and vinegar, per dozon pints or re- puted pinta. Gd.; sauces, per dozen pints or reputod pints, Is.; sauces, in bottles not oxosedlng half-pints, por dozen, Od.; macaroni, vermicelli, jams, malzona, maize flour or corn flour, shollod almonds, and spices not enumerated, pay 1_J. per lb. ProTMons.-Only a vory rnodorato trado domand boa been experienced. Inferior butter has boon quotod at 4d, to IJd., but very primo has roalfsod Gd. to Cid., with only avery slack demand, however. Colonial mode choesohaa been disposed of at 4d. to 6d" accord- ing to quality, but «alcs-í! .iraported bavo beon made at lOd. to lid. Hains-Colonial maintain a steady quotation of 12d. to 14d. Bacon Is valued at lOd. to lid. Imported hams are quoted at 16d" but tboro 1B very little doing. Tho duties aro unalterod, being retained at Id. por lb. Quicksilver.-Wo quote loner rates this montb. Aftor the advice of some considerable shlpmontB was received from San Francisco, it was thought propor to make a slight reduction, and holders bave of lato boen offering at 8s. 6d. to 8s. Gd., at which prices a few ptrcolB wero got rid of. Rice.-An extensivo business has been done In this market. The beginning of the month was enllvenod by the arrival of the Anna bom Calcutta, wbloh brought 800 tons now Patna rice, 800 tons of which went forward immediately to Sydney on importer's account, and of the remaining 600 tons intended for this market, 300 tons were disposed of tho samo week ; the following wook, ending 8th May, the market waa further enlivened by the arrival of tho Holen Malcolm from 'Calcutta. Sbo brought SOO tons. On Thursday, the 1th inst., numorous parcels, both on tho spot and to anive, were oleared off-at full ratos ; 125 tons of the Helen Malcolm's shipment changed hands; 50 tons ot the Anna's consignment wore quitted ; and a pat eel of 60 tons, to arrivo per James Service, nero takenup, all nu private terms ; for 60-ton parcelB wo quote £22 10s., and for 100 ton parcels £'22. This week the damaged portion of the Helen Malcolm wai quitted at £20 15s. Java rice, mlll-drcssed, main- tained a steady quotation of £2110). to £22 until a week ago, when tho prios rose to £-22 10a. buyors, and this week holders Jiave beon oBklng £21 ; but eales are reported at tho lower rate. For Salgon-drcsod we quoto £20 to £21, and Bangkok rules at £20. By thla mail our advicos from Calcutta reach to 10th April. 12,600 bags are coming losward In the Jamos Service nnd Thomas Stephens. Seota rice was quoted at 8.8r. to 3 lr. At Java some large saina had hoon effected. White Batavia was quoted at 170fl. to 18011 ; No. 2 at HOfl to lGOfl, and cargo at 110 to 120 florins and 27 pIculB. No shipments wero advised from any of the rice ports other than Oalcntta. The duty haï been altered from 2s. per cwt, to 2i. Od. per 1001b. On rice paddy tho duly la 2s. per 1001b. Salt has maintained a most Inactivo appearance throughout the month. Tho demand has been re- stricted to purchases for trade purposes, aud only tbo most tilfllng salos havo beon mado at £1 to £1 2j, Gd. for coarto, and £115s. for fine. Sugar.-A fair amount of business has beon trans acted this month, though tho calos for the last fort- night havo been more by privato contract than through the auction rooms, in which manner aotno 12,000 bags hove been disposed of, in parcels and prices ranging from £81 to £35 for good yellows. £37 to £38 for low to middling white, and £39 to £39 10?. for fine whito havo beon realised. In the early part of tho month the arrivals wero so numerous, and such quantities wore placed on the market, as really to ofïeot values ; but an astonishing buoyancy was main- tained, and prices having seen their lowest, a reac- tion setin, andprlcos commenced gradually to improve On Monday, the 21th ult., tho sale of the Oortnne's cargo of Mauritius sugar, consisting of about G.000 bags, was hold ; 6,128 bags were disposed of at 21s Gd. to 20i. for rations, 29s. to 30?. Gd. for browns, 33s. 0d. to 3ls. Od. for. good yellows, 87s. Gd. to 88s. Gd. for middling to fino yellows. Tho trade, though largely represented at tbo sole, Bbowed little doairo to operate, and great difficulty was In conscquonco ex- perienced In getting rid of what waa sold, and a slight reduction had to bo concedod. On Thursday, the 27th. the cargo of Natal sugars per Edith Smith, comprising 8,218 bags, was offerod ; the whole found buyors at prices which showed a trifling Improvement ou all the bettor qualities. Bâtions brought 25s. to 28s. ; browns to low yellowB, 29s. to 80s. Gd.; middling to good yellows 32s. Cd. to 31s. fid. Prlvatoly, sales were effected on tho samo day at a decided advance; as much as £39 10s. was obtained for fine whites, and £33 IPs. for low yellows. On the 28th, the damaged' portion of tbo Cotinno's cargo, «mounting to 1,300 bags, was sold at fair prices, condition con- sidered. Business in tbo following week opened out by the offer at auction of tbe cargo of tho Pacific, com- prising 6,014 bsgs Mauritius sugar; but the im- portéis having detormlued to stand for an advance upon counters and yellow crystals, no progress could ho made In its disposal, and tho whole had to bo with- drawn. Subacquontly, odors wore made establishing an advance of from 10J. to 20s. on previous sales without boing responded to. Privately, fine white crystals were disposed of on the samo day at £39. On Tuesday, tho 2nd inst., somo 5,000 mats and baskets of Java sugar, ex Alexandra, wore cleared off at £33 to £38 5s. Eales woro also made of lower qualitlos at £33 10s. upwords. The cargo of the Princess Alice, amounting to 7,086 mats, was offered for sale in Goolong, and prices ellowinga rise on previous sa'es of 20s. to 25i. per ton were realised. Kations brought 27s Gd ; middling to good yellow crystals 81». to 3Gs ; good to Ann whito do., 80s Gd. to 80s. Gd ; good to ilnoit oountors 81a Gd. to 37s.; browing crystals, 83s, eld. Tim Whole cargo was takou up. On Wodncsday, the 3rd, tbo deranged portion of the David Autcraos's cargo, f>80 begg, and on Friday, tho 6th, tho damaged portion of tho AlexafTdra'a, 600 mats, wero dis- posed of at good prices, condition considered. In tbo week ending the 16th Instant there was not so much d< ing by auction, the chief outlet for this c'mi of goods, buta voiy active demand was maintained priva'ely, and numerous sales woro, as wo havo already Btated, carried through. Several damiged p&rcoli; were disposed of likewise, and one entire cargo of Natal sound sugars found Its way Into tho hands of the trade. On Monday, Tuesday, and Wedneoday, the sales consisted of damaged parcols, when some 2,820 bogs, ex Nlio, Pacific, Edith Smith, and Alexandra, were cleared off at fuir rates. On Thursday, tho 11th, the cargo of Natal sugar per St bil was offerod under tbo hammer, aud the whole-comprising 3,000 pack- ages-mot with purchasers, ot prices which established an advance of 20s. to 30». on previous BJIOB. Rations brought 27R. Sd. lo 20J. Od. ; ordinary counters, 80'. Gd. to S2s 9d.; middling to good counters, 83s. Gd, to 31s. Od.; and finest counters. 36s. to 3Gs. OJ. Throughout tho present wook tho principal sales tfftctcd havo been by private contract, and just previous lo tho budget being brought out about 8,000 bsgs wero disposed of in the expectation of the dutiei being incrooeed. In addition to that, tho balance nf the Alexandra's Java ivhlto crystals woio quitted, by auction ; 3,700 mata being clearod off, all fault >, if any, at £38 10s. Tho sales of tbo Sugar Company have been on a very extensivo scale Hkowlso this we ok. On Monday last, tho 16th, tho arrival at Adelaldo of the Sarah, from Mauritius, was reported, with dates to 28th March ; tho departure of tho Clara for Mel- bourne, leaving tho Barentin to follow two days after- wards for this port likowleo, was reported, One vowel wna loading for Adelaide and ono for Sydnoy. Heavy buyorB wero in the market for Bombay, as well as for Franco. The Clara reforrcd to has tinco reached port. Thciohaa been no alteiatlon in the duty. Tea.-Messrs. Jas. 0. Robertson and Co. roport as follows :-'* Since the date c f our last circular ef tho 22nd ult, there has beon a good businofs dono, and several largo putohases have beon concluded. The principal tranFactlon of tbo month has been tho quit- tance in one Uno of the cargo ox Carl Ludwig, con- sisting of ordinary to good ordinary congouB, and further saleB are pending. The matkot for thoao descriptions is now settled down to present quotation», without any prospect of chango unless In favour of buyers. Dust and Billings aro in little demind. Numerous sales have boen mado of mixed loaf to blackish leaf kinds at Is. 3d. to Is. Gd., also good to fino kaieowa at Is. lid. to 2s. 2d., and of first elias kaisows, in limited quantities, at from 2s. 3d. to 2a. 4d. per lb. In bond. Auction Sales.-On tbol7tb ult., tho demngod portion of the cargo ox Eecord, from Foo-chow, waB sold at indifferent ratos, On the 21 (t ult., tho cargo ox Record, coneiatlng of 0,000 packages congou, was offered, but only some 1,600 packages were disposed of, at from lljd. to Is. 4|d. A few ohops were afterwards quitted behind tho box. On tho 12th lost., the dsmngod portion of tho cargo ex Carl Ludwig, from Foo-chow via Syduey, con- sisting of 840 packagea, waa sold at full prlccB, damage commoron. The dollvorles for tho paBl month have beon 710,083lba, against 717,0021bs duilng same time last year. Tho stock in bond on the 13th inst., was 3,248043lbs ¿gainst 4,265,263>ba, on tho 14th May, 1870. Our quotations are:-. -Congou.-Dust and sittings, 7d. to 8d. ; broken Foo-chow. 8d. to lOJtl; ordirary to good, lOJd. to la.; mixed leaf kinds, Is. ojd. to 1H. 2}j.; do., with little flavour, lr>. SJd. tola. 4d ; blackish leaf klndB, lo. 4d. tole.Od.; do. Btrong. Is. Gd. to Is. Ojd.; do. strong ilavoury, la. 7d. to Is 8d.; kalsow kluds, strong, la. 8d. to Is. 10d.; pekoe souchong and pekoe flavour, la. lOd. to 2s ; Uno rich pekoo, souchong flavour, 2a. Id. to 2s. 2d.; do., very finado., 2a. 2Jd. to 2a. 8d ; souchong, common, Is. to Is. 2d,; do., middling to fine, la 31. to Is. 6d.; orango pekoo, scented ordinary and broken. Is. 3d. to le. 4d. ; do., good to fine, Is. 8d. to Is. lid ; caper, scented, common to middling, Is. Id. to Is. 4jd.; do,, middling to Ano, Is. 7d. to la. 8d.; young -hyson, common Is. Id. to 1B. 3d.; do., good to fine. Is. Od, tola, lid.; do., flnost, none; gunpowder, Can- ton, good to Uno, 1B. Id. to Is. 11 Jd. Above quotations are at per ,1b. in bend for chests (boxes being worth 2d. per lb. more)." Timber.-An improvement WBB reported in doola a-i tho last mail was leaving, which has boon sustained throughout tho present month, but that Is all that can be said. Tho business ttansacted has been of rnodorato extent, and altogether little of special Interest or Im- portance has beon allowed to transpire. In the wee!; ending 1st Mav no public sales carno off, but the silo prlvatoly of the Haldco'a cargo of deals, amounting to 10,000 pieces, at 4§d. for 9x3. came under our notice, A considerable parcel of flooring, 208,000ft, 0 x j, changed hands also at 7B. Od. per 100ft., bun from that period until the cargo of the Helios waSBold on tbe 12th InBt., no further businefs transpired. Tho cargo In question, which consisted of 481848ft. Orogon Equare timber and deals, was cleared off at £0 5s. to £7 12s. Od. per 1,000ft ; clear pine, 1 Jin. to 2ln., was quitted at £14 to £14 5s. per 1,000 ; and while pino T. and O. was cleared off at £810s. to £8 15s. Tho now dutlei are-Timber dressed or planed. Is Od. per 100 sup. ft ; do. undressed, 0d per 100 sup. ft.; do. laths, Is. per 1 000 ; do. shingles, Od. por 1,000 ; do. palings, Gd. por 100. Tobacco.-BuslncFs In tho early pirt of the month showed elgns of Improvement, and though during ino weok aftor the departure of tho last mail steamer no special sales outside the auction room« wero reported, yet a good many parcels found tholr way into tho hands of the trade by publlo sVe. The following week a good deal of business was trans- acted, chiefly In the ohoapor descriptions of tens, and though little inquiry was experienced forborne consumption, yet the demand for export proved more satisfactory, and numerous ordors woro executod for New Zealand as woll as the othor colonies. Poudlug somo heavy eales of damagod tobacco advertised to come off, little business was reported last weok, the only legitimate inquiry being for medium tena, of which to ver al fair-sized parcela changod hands. This week an extensivo salo cf abtut 700 packages of Cameron's gooda i'amaged Is the only prominent featuro worth notlco. By tho arrival of tho Engliah mall wo aro advlred of shipments from Liverpool to tho extent of 128,0001b., and by way of California ihlpmtnts amounting to 960 packages aro roported from New York to fltli April. Tho following embrace the principal solea by auction during tho month : On Wedno'doy, tho 20th ult., 148 packages tobacco were cleared off ; half-pounds bronght Od. ; four« sold at 10}d. ; fancy aromática, at Ojd. to 10M. ; twists, at Is. IJd. ;-pleccB, at 8Jd. Faulty half pounds brought Od., and twists lljd. On Monday the 1st lust., 318 packages wore quitted as follows : Tons realised from Ojd. to lid. ; navy sixes, all faults, brought Is.; bright pounds, as por eamplo, woro sold at Ga. On Tuosday, 112 packages wero got rid of : sound tens were sold at 10d., damoger! woro quittod at Od., twist roallsod 12}d., and damiged twist from Gd. to 7d. On Wednosday, ¡tho 12th inst., a largo auction sale ot Gbildroy's manufac tu.o wat hold, and the whole offercrl (254 pack- ages) was speodlly olearod off at the following rates, all faultB:-Tons brought Ojd. to 10Jd.; fives, Od.; navy tens, Is. lid. ; fours, Is. lia. to Is. IJd. ; twlBt», Ojd. to lid. ; bars, ll}d. ; pieces, lOJd, to Is. ; aromatic twist, 11 Jd. Some 710 packagos Cameron's make, damaged on tbo voyage, woro offered by public auction on Monday, tho 16th, and the whole cleared off at extremo prices. Tens realised Is. 2d. to 1». SJd, Uves Is. 3d., and holt-pounds Is. 6Jd., these prices being for net cash. This salo attraoted considerable attention, and much excitement was evinced by buyers. Our trade quotations aro:-Medium tecs and dark half pounds roalieo from lOd. upwards; good brings 1 to Is. 2d., and fino from Is, 4d. to Is. 6d. Aromatic hall- pounds and pounds fetch from lOd. to 151 Aro- matic fancies aro sold at up to Is. Gd. Navies are quitted at from Is. to la.'Gd. Twltta aro placed, at from 13d, to la. 5d. Havanna Manilla olgara are dis Sosed of at 66B., and oheroot« at 62J. Gd. Ormond wiss flnd buyers st 88>. Hamburg algara are quotod from EOi, upwards, and genuino Uavannahj bring from £10 to £10. The duty on manufactured to bnccocs has not been altered; on loaf It Is raised to le. Gd. per lb. ; on cigaia It Is 6B. per lb. ; and on snuff, 2s per lb. ' i Wines und Spirits.-Wines havo been charnstorised hy great dulncss. Towards the end of tho month nnd during tbolast fortnight a belter inquiry has boon experienced, but on no occasion bava sales risen to anything ovor tho supply of trade requirements. Bherrles have been disposed of according to quality at £16 tn £20 tor low. to common, £82 for good, and £10 to £18 for medium. Ports likewise command fair notice, for trado purposes, at £18 to £20, £28 to £32, £16 to £66, and up to £68. For light wines wo can report no Inquiry whatever. Brandies have not boen much dealt in, and until the last English mail Im- parted more confidence to holders nnd stimulated buyors, the market showed great weakness, and pilcos were evidently inclined to droop. On Tuesday, the 2Eth ult., Hennossy's pole was got rid of undor tho hammer at Ga. Od. ; a few days later a slightly better Inquiry was exporloncod privately, but with no result that we could learn, as holders relueedto quote under O'. lOJd. For Martoll'a paloCs. toGs.Sd. would have been taken, but MartoU'a dark was saloable at Gs. Od. to 7« From that until lost nook nothlnz worth spoclal notice was mado public. After receipt of English ad vices great firmness was ovlncod, the more immediate causo of which being tbe receipt of a private tolegram reporting an advance of Gd. in England. This stirred up Inquiry, and some 80 quarters HonnosBy's changed hands at Ga 0d ; equal to 100 bhds. of Cbamnagne Vineyard, Vlnegrowers', and Marott's weie likewise taken up at very full rotes. Previous to this, sales wero ropoited by auction on Tuoaday preceding at Gs. 7Jd. for Hennessy'« palo, and Gs. for Martoll's pale. Since tho delivery of the mail letters the markot has firmed still furthor, and though sales of Honnossy'a have been effected at 7B., yet most. If not all the holder», have not hesitated to ask 7». Gd. Wo raise our quotations for Martell's pole to Ga Gd. and dark to 7s. For-Otard's 6B. 3d. to 6s. Gd. Is now asked. For C.V. P. and Vlnegrowers' we quoto Ga. to Ga 3d. For Marett's and Renault's 69. Gd. to 5a. 9d. Is being re- quired. 120 bhds. and quartor-OiUka Joulo's were cleared off early in the mouth at 6a. Id. to 6s 3d., but 5«. Od. to 5s. 9d. would now bo asked. Associated Vineyard has advanced to 5a. Gd. to 6a. Od. On In- ferior branda llttlo alteration bas been mado. B. Frere's is quoted at 4a., and Central Vineyards has been sold at la. to Is 8d. Case brandies until this week havo been completely neglec'od. Under tbe influence of a favourable roacllon tbo price.ol Honnessy'fl advanced from 29a., and salos havj boan made at 29s. Od. to 30s. On othor brands we can re- port no chango. MartoU'a is nominal at 25s. Otard's Is quoted at 28s. Ü.V.P. is saloable at.23a. For Marett'« 22s. Is atked. Moukow's la worth 22s.; and P. Prunier's 21s. Colonial bottled duty paid brandy is moving off freoly at 10s. for Helmet brand; a similar prlco is required for Elephant. Gonova is quoted at 11s. Dd. for JDKZ, though when salos are forced udder the hammer, lower rotea have to bo taken. A parcel of 1,200 cases was so disposed of In the beginning of the month at 11s. ljd., and a specu lativo offer- was at same timo mado to clear the markot, which, however, did not load to any bnslncEB ; and cinco tbon a quiet trado de- mand has existed at 11s. Od.; Koy and V. H. and Go. being quoted at 10a. Gd. and 11s. rospeotlvoly. Rum has ruled at Sa, 7_d. for 10 o.p. Lomon Hart or RWP, but It has beon sold by auction at 3s. Sd. notwithstand- ing which holders havo not dopartod from the first named quotation for trade parcels Whiskey In bulk continues to be quoted at 3s. Gd. to Is. The duty has not been altered. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Wo havo to report a vory considerable improvoment in this market during the pnst mouth, the busiuo's dono having been to a largo extent, generally at satis- factory prices, and in a good number of cases at greatly advanced rates. Although the rise In prices has to a certain extent, in como of the mining stocks, boon of .< speculative character, it has ia most instances had a valid foundation in improved ylolda or in bottor pro- spect«, and the advances mado have boon protty well established. The scarcity of stocks suitable for Invest- ment, especially for trust funds, continuos, and hoi caused a further lise in tho valuo of debenture', Victorian tlx por cents having reached a higher prie > than had been previously attained. Bank share, have bad but little business. Vlotoria, National, and Commercial CICEC in rcqutat. Ga« couipinic, shares have improved in market valuo, and uru readily saleable Insurance share» have had a quiet market. Mining companies have lind a vory actlv.i market, and some considerable advances in price In.ve been established, the rise lu six companies amounUn to about £160,000. Tbe yields reported during th~« month havo boen te a satisfactory extent, and the mining dividends amount to about £83,000, as parti culaiistd below. Public companies other than mluiu, have divided £28.062. Tho half-yearly meeting of the National Bank of Australasia was hold on Tuesday, May 2, when th leport and balanco (¡beet, particulars of which np pcarcd In our last report, wero adopted, a dividend u' rata of tight per cent, por annum declared, and Meters. James Lorimer, Georgo Dill, John Coollman, and Georgo Rolfe, oleotod directors. Tbo further ox Elunations given by tbo management respecting Hi - utl-oss of the bank seemed to give satisfaction ti the shareholders, and the course of tho marke ellice the tnioling shows that increased eouildonci is felt in the stability and prospects of tbo Institution The Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria, finding ibti ? business increasing, have resolved on tho Issue of th remaining shares, 12,600, held by the company, and thov have been placed on the market at a premium cf 8a., at which thoy oro bolng well taken up. A no» mining bill has been introducid into Parliament ultu tbo view of improving the management of mining companies, and especially of providing a better system cf winding up, the present ono having proved itself extremely partial ra well as costly In Its opera- tion. One new loaturo in tho bill is the authorising companies to Istuc share warrants'bearing numbsrr only, and transferable by mere delivery. This plan If certain difficulties of detail aro overcome, will pro- bably be largely availed of by investors, as it will give really limited liability, while the present so-called Limited Liability Act has proved, In too many docs, r. delusion and a enoro. Debentures, Banks, and MlscellanoouB Stooks. Victorian Government local deboaturos continuo I ; strong request, and have changed bands at furthe. advanccd rates, six per cents, being placed at from £110 6s. to £112, and five por cents, at £10310). lo £104 10s. Melbourne Corporation fix per cent, de- bentures, due 1870, placed at £100 10a. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Ballway six per ceut. debenture -i quitted at £104. All good debentures readily sale- able. Bank of Vlotoria havo beon sold at £39 aud aro now held tor £40. National Bank of Australasia weio placed at £5 8?. and £6 Si. 0d. cum dividend, but are moro firmly held Btuco tho meeting, ami haie since realised £5 7s. and £6 7a. Od. ex dividend, closing in demand at £5 Ss. Commercial Bank ? f Australia havo been sold to a moderate extent at £,'. 18s. to £210a" and aro now hold for £3. CilonW Bank of Australasia dull, and havo no taits reported ; nominal price about £0 7s. Od. Land Mortgago Bin I: of Victoria aro at £2 7s. Od. to £2 8a. ; somo shares on tho London register changed banda at rather lesa money ; tho new lesuo of shares ia boing well taken up. Southern Insuranco have had a quiet maiknc; sales at 18a. Gd. to 10i., closing firm. National Fir« Insurance continue depressed, shares bolng quittod at Ss. to 3s 3d. Australasian Firo and Marino and othor Insurance shares not dealt in; prices quite nominal. Molbourno Gas Company shares have been lr coed rrquest, and advanced in value; salea from £ii 12a. to £6 17a. Od , and £0 now a«kod. Colllngwoo ! and Fitzroy Gas hare also risen ; salea from £7 17s i" £8, and wanted at latter price. Bondlgo Gas hav<* been sold at £3 14s. to £318s., and aro now held for £4, Victoria leo Company shares quitted at £18 ox dividend. Melbourno Meat-preserving Company share« aro at £4 7s. Gd. to £415s.; a salo at £410a. Alluvial MincB.-Ballarat-Band and Albion Consola have had a large extent of business at advanced ratea, In consequence of tbo continued good yields ; sales from £3 4B. to £4 4s. por e-liare, oloslng easier, with sellers at £4 cum dividend of 7s, Gd. Hand and Band Company had an improving market most of tho msnth. shares being placed at from £B 5). to £11161., brit they havo receded this week, and havo sellers at £U> 12a. Gd. for double Jasuo. Park Company have han a fluctuating market, closing, however at a consider able advance cn opening piiccs; sales from 27s. up to 40a, receding to 42s" and finally advancing to C3 '. ; sa'es and shares wanted at same. St. George and Band ha\o bad a quiet market, with sales from 27s. to 31s for now ISBUO, and 39a. to 44s. for paid-up share* ; tin market bare at close, and new lsauo worth Sit 01. Bomhaw Freehold without business ; nominal prioi about £20 Winter's Freehold have considerably tin proved In valuo In consequence of bottor washdlrt being obtained ; eales from £15 te £23. cloatntr about£25. United Albion and Prioco of Watoa had » very dull market, with sales about 12s , but havo lm Eroved this wetk to 18a. Koh-i-noor Company Ji»v, ad only a limited business, but oloso In improver request; sales from £8 4s. to £3 15a. Prince or Wales shares have had a moderate business a' fluctuating rates ; BSIOS from 80s. to 40s , closing about 42s. Od. Inkermann and Durham Bold to a smill extent at 4s Gd. to 6s. for contributing and 13s. to 15s. tor paid up, AU Balnte' Company had an aotlv markct, and advanced from 45<. to 70a. per share ; but In consequonco of advene litigation have re- ceded again to SO?., and close dull. Maryborough -Band of Hopo Company eharoa placed to a fair cxtout.at £6 to £6 6a. Other Maryborough compa- nies not dealt in. Kvoljn Tunnel, Warrandyte, sold at 17s.; market dull. International Company, River Yana, cold at Ds, Beechworth,-United OvenB Gold and Tin have beon placed at £0 10s to £6 15s , and now held for £7. Wellington have advanced consi- derably, butcloso qulot; sales of paid-up from 40a. U> 68s , and contributing shares from 20s. to 63s. Knee bono sold at£l 12s. Od. to £2 for paid-up shares. Quartz Mines -Sandhurst-A considerable Improve- ment In tho Great Extonded Bustlor's mino has cauiod a vory active market for the shares of tbls company, and has favourably Influenced the market value of tbe other companion on tho Hustler's Uno. Sales of Great Extended Hustler's at from £3 10». to £6 per sbaro cum tributes ; tribute shares placed separately, at from 20s. to 28s. Gd. Ilusllei's Company advancod from Ils. to 28'. 0d.t but oloeo dull at 21s. North Hustler's Company advanced from 8s. Gd. to 14a., and close about 13s. Extended Hustler's Freehold eold from 7s. Od. to 10s. South Extended Hustler's at from 1B. lOd. to 2a. 10d., and Royal Hustler's at from 6s. to 8s. The attention given to the Hust let's companies has Bomewhat hindered butinons In other stocks. Hercules Company havo bad a dull market ; salea from 27s. to 23a. Gd. North JohnsonV quiet, with sales from 20r. to 24s. Johnson's Company sold at 13s., and wanted at same. Rose of Denmark placed to a small extent at lGs. Gd. to 17a. Unltv Company havo boen placed at 37s. to 80i. Cornish United havo considerably Imp'rovod; Bales from £03 10s. to £87, closing very Orm at about £00 Pandora Tribute sold at £32 to £34, and at £30 forms Catberlno United quiot at about 0«. 3d. 8t Mungo Oom psny have boon sold at 6s. 4d. to5s,8d Frazer'aOompany nomlnalatO*. Gd. Progressive Company sold at 4s. l-l. to 4s. Od. Tlio Great Britain Comtnny have been raising vory rich stone, and Bhares havo advanced ; sales from 11s Gd. up to 21s. G1., closing u>m. Glad- stone Unlfod sold at 5s. lOd. to Ga. Gd., closing about Cf. ; No 1 tributa, do,, sold at 3s. OJ. to 4<. 7Jd" closing about 4s. Kent Company sold at Is. 0d. to 2s. Sd., closing about 2J. Id. New Moon Compauv havo improved; sales from 10a. to Ila. Od., closing at 10a. 01 Clunes.-The Now North Clunes Company declared a reduced dividend of £3 and eharoa receded In valuo ; sales from £63 down to £45, closing firmer with £47 6>. paid. North Clunes Consola sold to a moderate extent st 81a. toSS*., and close in request. Lotbalr (formerly Ballarat and Clunes) met wl.h a promising reef in sinking their shaft, and shares advanced from 7s. to 22s,, falling since to 14s., but expected to im prove whom reef opened out. Daylesford.-Cornish Urmpany sold at £6510«. North Cornish have had a fluci uatlng market ; saleB at al) rates between Bli. and 12>. cum divider d of 6a, closlne about 33a. ex dlvl dend. Victoria, Gordon, sold at from 7". down to 2a. Od. Tttfuim Company, Haddon, sold to a small extent at £3 6s. Stringer's Crook-Long Turn el Company 1 ?old at £80 10s. down to £70 10s., »nd close about £80; last dividend £310a pi r share. North Gipps Land Oo'd at £10 16s , but ara «Inca oaeior. Hercúlea United sold at Is. to 7s. per share. Walhalla and Longfellow's not dealt In. Hope, Wood's Point placed at Improved rntts ; tales from 20a. to 27s. cum dividend, and at 21a. and 25". ex dividend. United Happy Valloy, Beechworth, ejulttcd at £3. Central Energetic Lau- riston, huve improved ; sales up to £10 12a. Union Jack, Heathcote, sdvanopd tn salea at £70. but aro since esBlcr, and offered al £GS. Perseverance, Cale- donia, sold at £26 per full share, and havo sollors at tame. Tookoy, yew Zealand, have had a very active matket, and havo more than doubled in valuo during the month ; eales at from £7 7s. Gd. to £15 15a. for doublo issue ; paid-up sold up to £0, and now Issue at £7. (For latest transactions soo roport In commercial column ) The dividends declared during tho month amount to £91.016 8.».", of whioh £28,952 15a. was contributed by tour public companies other than mining, as fol- lows :-Larg'anda' Foundry Cotnprray. at rate of 8 por cent., £1,225; Victoria leo Company, at rate of 12J por'cont,, £876 ; National Bank of Australasia, at rate of 8 per cent, £20,100 ; Warrnambool Steam-pac- ket Company, at rate of 10 per cent., £152163. Tho mining dividends declared during the four wocka, mall period, ending May 19, amount to £62 99218'., of which £11,86818a aro from quartz, and £2118815s. from allu vial companies Thedlvldoidsin detailaroasfollow: For week ending April 29:-New North Clunes, £1 Ids. per 2,056th £3 084 ; Costerfield Gold and Antimony, Heathcote, 10s per 2,000th, £1.000; Union Furnishing, Talbot, 2s. per 180th, £18 ; Victory, Sandhurst, In. ner SO 000'h, £1,501 16s.; Pandora. Sandhurst, £200 per 11th, £2,800 ; Victoria Gold Mines, Sandhurst, 2a. Gd. per 20 271th, £2,631 16a ; Annabella, Huntly. 1» per 3,100th, £156 ; Energetic, Laurieton, 5a per l,600tb, £100 ; CcntraLEnorgetlc, Lauriston, 15s. per 1,600th, £1.200; Golden Horn, Springdallah, 10<. per 2.600th, £1,260; Qalatei, Scarsdale, 10s. per 2,100th, £1.060 ; Alma Consols, Malborough, Is. por 1,200th, £60; Iluto, Smythes- dale, £5 10s per lOtb, £220; Rothsay, Smythoadnle, £2 per 10'h, £80; North Cornish, Daylesford. 5«. per 8.000'h, £750; Haddon, £3 por 03th, £201. For week ending May 6-Band of Hopo, Maryborough, 2s. per 60C0th £600; Scoham, Marlborough, Is. Gd. por G.OOOth, £160 ; Golden Stream, Scarsdale, 10a. por 2 000th, £1,000; Extended HiiBt'or's, Sandhurst, 1B. per 28,000th. £1100 ; Unltv, Sandhurst, le. Gd. per .20,0001b. £1,600 ; POSB by Tribute. Sandhurst, 3a. per 8 000th, £1200; Old Obum, Sandhurst, £55 per 18th, £900; North Johnson's, Sandhurst, Od. per 22 000th, £825; North Bpeclmon-hill, Sandhurst, Gd. per SOjOCOth, £760; Now Moon, Gd. por 21,000th, £000 ; Pass-by Original, £120; Annabella, Huutly, 1H. per 8100th, £155 ; Beform Haddon, 2a. per 8 UOOtn, £800; Hope. Wood's Point 2s. per 12.000th, £1,200. For week ending May l8-Victory, Sandhurst Is. par 30,000th thorn, £1 501 16s.: Victoria Gold Mines Sandhurst, Is. 6d. per 20,271th, £1,620 Ila ; Contrai Energetic Lauriston, 10s. per 1,000th, _S0O; Golden Lake, fipilrgdallnh, 6a. por 4,100th, £1,100 ; Bute, Smythesdale, £1 10a. nor 10th, £180 ; Gladstone-, Haddon, £1 10s per 10th, £180 : Anuabolla, Huntly, Is. per 3,lC0tl), £165 ; Hand nnd Band, Ballarat, 2a. Od. per 25 600th, £8,200; All Nations, Matlock, 6«. por 1,600th. £100 ; Long Tunnel, Stringers Oroek. £8 10a. per 2100th, £8,100 ; Band and Albion Consnls.Bsllarat, 7s. 6d. per 22.460tb, £8,118 15s.; Speculation,Maldon, Is. per 2 1001b, £120 ; Haddon, at Haddon. £3 per 61th, £192. For week crtdlrg Mav 30-Extended Hustler'*, Sandhurst, 1B. Gd. per 28,000th, £2,100; Unity, Sand hurit.ls Gd. per20.000th, £1.600; PassbyTrlbuto.Sand burst, 2s per 8.000th, £800; Passby Original, Sand hurst, £370 ; KOBO of Denmark, Sandhurst, Gd. per 21000th, £000; Mjrtlo Creek, Sandhurst, Gd. por 20 000th, £609; Annabella, Huntly, 1B. per 8,100th, £165 ; Morning Light, Huntly, 8a. por 1 320th, £19S ; Seaham, Maryborough, Is. pcrO.OÜOth, £300; Golden Bower, Donovan's Creek, Is per 3,fl00'.h, £180 ; Old Chum, Sandhurst, £60 per 18th, £900 ; Golden Horn, Springdallah, 10s. per 3.000th, £1,000, The districts from which tho abovo mining dividends wero derlvod rank as follow in order of amount dis- tributed .--Sandhurst, £20 187 18a. ; Ballarat, £11,618 lCs ; Sttingor'sCreek, £8/00; BinytheBdalo, £7,211; Clunes, £3.081; lauriston, £2100; Wood's Point, £1,780; Marj borough, £1,168 ; Daylesford, £870. Thr total mining dividends for the foti' mall portada sine. iRt January stand thus:-Four weeks ending .Intiu'rj 28,1871. £47.612 10s. ; February 25.1871, £65 019 !0..; March 26, £61 282 12s. 8d.; April 21, £03 17310a. 10d.; Moy 19, £02 902 13s.; making a gross total for tit year of £300,011 18s. 10d. reported by public com- panies, and to which a conelderablo futther sum would require lo be added for privato companies, m-l for i ublic companies not repomd. WELBOURN!? MONTHLY WOOL REPORTS. Mcsfrs. B. GoLDSimccoii and Co. report :-" Wool. -During the month tho quantity of wool to hand hn'i been voiy limited, and has consisted principally of fellmongerii' parcels of scoured. At tho auctlon'salcs about 1,000 bales havo been sold at rates similar to Ihofo nilli g tho provlous month, tho lost sales, held since the arrival of the English mail, showing a Bligh: improvement, and tho markot closing with great fii mnoif. We havo good inquiries for all de ciiptinus, and any parcel offered meets with roouy solo at full quotations Tho mall advices which reached us on Iii" 18th inBt. aro conaidored aatMoctory, the tono of the London markot between the Bales being reported vert film, and trade in the manufacturing districts un- usually brisk; end wc aro glad to find that thooxpec tal i [.na of a further Imptovemcnt lu tho April- Miy series aro supported by our privato telegram, which states, under date April 11, 'Tho eales opened with gient animation, previous ratea being well main- tained.' Sinco our last report tho following Bliips havo cleared for London with wool on beard:-April 29-Wimmera, 1,117 bales; May 4 Sussex, 889 bales; Nov. G-Asia, 2 611 hales; tot«), 1,617 bales; previous shipments, 201.6S7 balee. Total thipments Oct. 1 to elate, 200101. »gainst 105,660 bales sblppod as the corresp'nil ing total last yoar. Increase, 10,541 baloa. PrKo-i current: Greasy-Inferior, 5d. to GJ. ; ordlnwy, 6d. to 7d. ; good to superior, 7d. to 8Jd Flnecu -Inferior, 9jd. to lid. ; ordinary "to overage, lid. tola. Id.; average to good, la. Id. to Is. II.; evpctlor, nominal, "coined-Inferior, 10a. to la ; ordinaiy, Is. to Is. 2d.; middling lo good, la. 2d. tole. 6d ; Buporlor, nono offering. Sheepakins.-Our u'ual roles of tho month have boen well at- tended, and largo quantities have been sold. Prices remain very firm, butchers' skins rcnlising from I«. 8d. up to 8». each. Station si. I IIB sell from 3d. to Gd per lh. Hides.-The rmvket has beon well supplied, ali i fferlng being taken fur local consumption. Price i are well maintained. Woll-conditionod wet salted aro worth from SJd. to 4§d. por lb. Heavy weights from 20P. to 27s. etch, and light weights from 12e. to 19i. oach. Calfskins frera Id. to 5d. per lb. Tallow.-Wo hato bold four auction eales during the month, and sold 1,350 casks. Tboro ia a gcod demand for al! colts at o slight reduction on late" rates. Wo quote-Mutton, from £33 10s. to £31 10a.; bec!, from £81 to £33 ; mixed from £32 to £33 ; and in- ferior from £29 to £31 per ton. Shipments to London aro :-1871-April 29, Wimmera, 735 cask a ; May 1 Eussex, 119 casks; May 6, Asia, 2,125ca>l:s. Total, 2 979 casks. Kangaroo Skins.--Wo have a good demand for largo B _ea In good condition, which aro worth up to 21a. por dozen; medium, from 10a to 3 6a., and email from 8«. to 8s." MceBrs. HASTINGS OUNINOHASI and Co.'s monthly ro- port Oeaaon 187U-71).-" Wool.-Since tho date of our last summary tboro have arrived In town a few ohp-i from tbo Darling district, which have boon disposed of bv public auction. Four sales were held, and about LOCO bales found purchasors at satisfactory prlcoa The WOOIB sold wero of Inferior quality and condition Freights remain steady at ono halfpenny por lb ml round. The season continues favourable, and th ? pro-poets of tholamblng appoar vory good. Quotation« of tho pi lees obtaluod at tbo sales aro-Forgroa-.v, from 6d. to 7jjd. per lb. ; scoured, from Od to 171 ' por lb. ; fleece, from lOd. to 13d. por lb. Tno iblp monta since last report aro as follows:-From Hov son's Bov.- Wimmera, 1,117 bales, cleared 29th April ; Sussex, 8S9 baloa, cleared 1th May ; Asia, 2,611 balc-i cleared 6th May ; total, 4,517 balos. Previous ship nient«, 202.1G7 bales. Total shipments from lu October, 1870, to 6th May, 1871, 200,981 bales; corresponding period 1869 70, 191,181 bales; do. 1803 69, 205,892 bales ; do. 1867-68, 195 S75 balos; do. 1866 67, 158.816 bales. Tho following ehipa aro loading :-Isabel Croom will take about 2,000 bale. Acamrmnon, 2 000 boles, and Hampshire 1,000 balci Sbeepekins havo come forward in largo quantities, and havo been eagerly competed tor,' tho sale held during the month being woll attondod by the fellmongers and other buy ore. Butchers' groen skin» have told up to 3s. 7d. each. Fnll-woollod BMII» aro in demand. Dry Btation skins broucbt from 1} : to (Jtjd. por lb. Hides.-Full Buppllos have boon em posed of to the tannora and local trado at prices cqu 0 to lai-t month'H ratos. Heavy-weights realised from 20a. to 80a. each ; light-weights, from 12s. to 18a ; ami calfskins, from Id. to 5|d. per lb. Thoro aro no shipments to report. Tallow.-Wo havo hold four sales by auction during tho month, and have sold 300' pipes. Good mutton brought from £11 to £3116s. per ton ; beef from £32 10s. to £33 por ton ; and mixed from £29 to £32 per tou. Since ro celpt of adviccB of the London market por last mall, quotations aro about 10a. per ton lower, the highen;. price obtained for good mutton being £31 5s. Der ton. The shipments this month amount to 2,979 caaks. Kangaroo Skins-There has beon no business dono Ir. ibis article sinco last report. Wo have fow Inquiries u_dtbe supply forward for sale la vory limited." TIUTLOKDON AND AtJSTIUltAK AfJKNCY CORrOIUTION LIMITED furnish tbo following ireport for trana mission per K.M.8. Avoca :-.'WooL-During tln> past mouth four »mall public eales bavo boon hold, at which about 700 balos were sold; to this maybe added SOO bales sold privately, making the total number dlsposod of al coo laet mall rather over one thousand balee. Each of theso pales has beon well attended, and prices hove ruled slightly in favour of aellerp, and tho inquiry for any small parcels by private sale has been very active, there belüg no difficulty In disposing of them at full market values. Our Er g1 lah advices, which arrived hero on the 13th lnst., wore of a ratbor encouraging nature, though not luch as to warrant a further advance on pro- vlous rates, as to somo extent would undoubtodl) have been tno case had not the internecine struggles in Varis unhappily broken out, which must have proved detrimental to the French manufacturers, and much retarded their opoiatlons. It Is, howovor, gratifying to learn that both the Gorman and French buyers are getting moro speedily to work than was generally anti- cipated, and a fair continental competition was ex- pected at the second series of the London Balea of tilts year, which wero to commence on the 18th April. The weathor continues most favourable in tbe country, wo having bad up to tbo present a mild autumn, with seasonable, warm rains, and reports of tho condition of Bteck aro vory encouraging, and speak »el for next season's clip. Frolghts ¿d. allround 1 ul in somo Instances greasy has boen obtained at gd. Wo give the following quotations, viz :-Greasy, in- ferior, Id. to Cd. ; do , medium, 6d. to 7d. ; do.,good, none offered ; sllpo, iuferior, Id. to Od. ; do., me- dium, Gd. to 8d. ; do., good. BJ. to 'lid. ; scoured, Inferior. 7d. to Od.; do., medium, Od. to 12}d. ; do., good, 18d. to 16d. ; do., superior, 161. to 19d. ; fleece, inferior, 8d. to Od. ; do., medium, Od. to lljd. ; do., good, none offered. The shipments of !tho month amount to 4 617 bales. The following ships havo cleared since our last. viz. :-April 29, Wimmera, 1,117 bales; Mayl, Sussex, 889 baloa; May 6, Asia, 2,811 bales ; total, 1,517 bale» ; add previous ship- ments, 201,197 bales. Total, 206,011 balos. Sheep skins,-Largo quantities are continually brought forward, and command spirited competition and high rate«. Oreen skins realise from la. 6<L to 8a. eaoh, dry station skins from 3}d. to Old. per lb. Hides. The market has beon well suppllod, and nearly tho wholo has bein readily competed for by local con- sumers Green hides sell from 16a. to 28a. eaoh ; wet salted, SJcl. to 4}d. por Ib.; calfskins, 4d. to 6d. per lb. Tallow.-The acivlcos received by last English mull effected a decline in this market of from 10s. to 15a. per ton. Wo quote mutton from £33 to £31 10a.; mlxrd, £81 to £33 ; beef, £31 to £3210a. Tho ship- ments of the month amouut to 401 casks, 802 pipes, and 2,125 packages." SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORTS. Mr. S. DE BEER reports :-" The slight changes which havo taken place In homeward rates of freight during the period which has Intervened since departure of last mail, are scarcely worthy of notlce, having reference only to two or three articles of minor Im- portance. In this department of shipping business a lack of animation has been the prevailing feature, but which, however, has always been characteristic of this season of the year, and must be submitted to for several months to come, or until the new clip of wool commences to arrive from the interior. The de- parture of three ships only during the past four weeks has to bo advised viz -.-The Wimmera, 1,008 ; Sussex, 960 ; and Asia, 2,053 tons respectively ; aggre- gating 4,021 tons, as against 6,572 tons in the previous month, as advised in my last report. For the quantities of produce offering, the homeward berth is fully occupied, the ships at present up for London being four In number, and comnrise the Isabella Croom, 966 tons; Hampshire, 1,164; Agamemnon, 1,431 ; and Carisbrook Cantío, 1 411-all of which ore Btcod'ly progressing with caigo, thuforraor being now nearly filled up, and about to proceod to noa. At date oi my last advices tho tonnage laid on for the above destination amounted to 4,121 tons, or about 850 tons less than tho preceding month. Ratea of frolght aro finn, with an upward tendency generally, an advance having been established on several articles, although wool, owing to Ita ecatolty, con- tinues the same on formerly. Present quotations aro as follows, viz :-Wool, Jd. per lh, all round for woshod ond gro-isy ; tallow, 40a. to 46s,; bark, 45a. to 60«.; leather, 45a, to 60s per 20cwt.; prosorved meat», 30a. to 86s. per 40ft. The above Mgiiroa aro icadlly ob- tainable, but during the lost few days 50a. has boen generally demanded for tallow, which is offered in con sidcrablo quantities. With respoot to homeward freights, a practice has existed hero for years past which Is no doubt very properly rogarded as objec- tionable and inimical to tholr interests by shipowners in England-namely, that of their agent« prlvatoly allowing to shippers rebates varying from 2} to 7} per cent, on the rates of freight ogreod upon. There foemB no good reason why, this piactlco should bo persisted In, which in many cases averages a chargo of 5 per cent, on a ship's freight ; and doubtlcts an understood and united determination on the part of tho agents and shipmasters would at onco lead to a discontinuance of tho system. Not- withstanding tbo seaton of the year belngmost favour- able for home arrl\al, and tbo character and accom- modation of the ships at tho disposal of passengers, this branch of butinoss continues Inactive, and the vessels which have recontly left had a largo portion of their patecnger accommodation unoccupied. During the month tho number of ships arrived from European and other extra-colonial ports has buen upon an un- usually limited scale, and our harbour has rarely been eo;bate of'shipping as It ia at present The blO-kar. 1,804 tons, and Bengal, 1.200 tons, have sailed for Calcutta in ballast, in the hope on tho part of their masters of reaching there lu time to bcnr-ilt l-y the high rates rulipg at date of lastadvicia. Such an occurrence has been unprece- dented for fmioycara p-ist, na during that period a continuous demaud existed for tonnage for tbo cou voyance of stock to that and other Indian ports, which, however, is now expected speedily to revivo, the lull in shipments having continued'for sever-' months. From present appearances It Is anticipate I that a largo trado will shortly bo created in the con . voyance of railway Blerpors from Westorn AusiralU to voilons ports in India, the jarruh timber of the former country being peculiarly well adapted for the purpose intended, bolng impervious to tbe destructive attacks of the wbito ant. For some months patt sevoral rlilps havo fiom timo to time boon tako» up at full rates to loan at Geographe Bay, which is likely to continue the chief port of shipment. Tho charter- ing rpemtlons of the mouth have been upon tho moat mrogie scalo, cunscquont upon thB continued groit ccarclty of hbipplr g, and the transactions to bo noted only embrace the following, viz :-Fronoh barque Fumlle and Cbaetour, coals, Ncwcastlo to Java, thonce back to tho colonies, at about 60s. for the round ; Nor- wegian barque Paclfir-, guano from Maldrn IsNiiJ t'i « salo port between Ilavro and Hamburg, at 67a. 01. The Wiriri sind is reported to have secured coals fr^m abovo port for Dong-Kong, at 28s. ; and tho Thy at Ira takes n slmi'ar cargo to Shanghai, at 34a. But for tbo roseen aseigned above, a large business w.iuld have been done in coal freights at tho following rates, which aro tho quotations now currant, loading at Newcastlo, viz.:-Hong Kong, 28s. ; Shanghai, 33<. Yokohama, 80s. ; Singapore, 20a. ; Juvi, 16s. ; Gallo. 20a.; b'an Francisco, 32s. Two ships arrived hore recently, Axed before leaving home for coal from nboto ports to San Francisco, but would have dono much bettor bad thoy como out free, and whiub, in similar circumstances, has hitherto been the c.wa.' Our intercolonial trado, an -fleeting sailing vessel;, still continues deprcsECd, the prlncipiland more valu- able part of the traffic being conSno-i to the fino Btcsmcrs regularly plying. The only silo reported 1» that of the bai que Helen Malcolm, 311 tons register, built at Pi ince Edward's Island In 1S8G, and classed Al seven years, ataptice kept private, but said *.o te about £2.200." Mutant. AH-rtKD Woou,-? and Co. roport :-" Owing to the vory few anlvals during tho last four weeks, the scarcity of tonnave alluded to in our last report ofotho 21st ult. htcemea moro and ino'o felt, for although late transactions embrace the engagement of mostly all tbo disengaged tonnage, still the bml nias done has nccestarlly been on tho smallest scale, and falls to f_r ?hort of gouoral requirements as to leave our wantu numerically lureo, without any Im- mediate prospect of preventing their accumulation Coal freights to China aro firmer again, butter news having como to hand by the last mill, and at our quotations ebips aro eagerly Bought after. In other dlrcctiona ratea aro also fully oustilnuJ.. For Loudon.-Wo report a steady freight market at rates aB follows:-Wool, Jd. per lb.; leather, tallow, and pressed bark, from 45s to 66a. por ton weight; troacle, 12c. Od. per cask ; rnca'B. B2--. Gd. per Ion measurement with 5 por cent primage in all cases. At date of our laut advices the scarcity of tonnage loading gavu justifiable exooctatlon that rutes would at length IIBO sufficiently to bo fairly lemuive ratlveto shipowners; but the market being shortly after rellevod by two largo iron ships laid on the beith, tho expected rise did not follow, though It Is so far satisfactory to report a steady market, with cargo plentiful. The fhlpa which havo Bal'ed Binca our last are the Wlmnrra, SUMIX, and Asia. Those now loading are the 1-abei Croom, Hampshire, Agamemnon, and Cirlsbroolo Castle. For Calcutta-The Boukar, with 123 tons copper and 4,600 Blpcpors, sallod on the fltb, and tbe Bengal, in ballast, on the 8th inst. The British Eoverolgn is also likely to follow In ballast. For Bombay.-Thero are no charters open from this o. Newcnstlo For Hong Koi g.-No charters have bem iffcoted this month, For bbanghal.-The Thyatlra Is tbe only engogoment. For Yokohama.-The Corinne was fixed to load coal at Newcastle. For Jivi.-Coal frelv hts oro readily obtainable, butno back cargoes are . at prêtent offoring. For San Francisco.-Hatea, though high, ha\o not met willi acceptance. The Helios and fciver Luno proceed thither, vifl New- castle ; the former on thlp's account, and the lattir under home engagement. Charte» to be noted arc ns follows:-The ChtiBscur, 206, to Pndang, at 23a. ; Tby&tira; 002, to Shanghai, at 34a. ; and Corinne, 301, to Yokohama, at 40a. per ton ; all tri load coal at New- castlo ; Pacillc, 633, Maldon Island, with guano, t< Hamburg, at 00a. por ton. Freight Quotations - Callao to Continent, 05a, por ton ; South Australian port to London or Liverpool, G0a. per ton for bark; Geogiaphe Bay to Calcutta, sleepers, 2a. Gd. each ; Newca'tlo toSan Francisco, 31s. Gd. ; Shanghai, 34s ; Hong Kong, 28a.; Yokohama, 36a.; Calcutta, 10a Gd ; Java, 15s. ; Mauritius, 20B. ; Manilla, 22i. ; Singapore, 20a ; Anioy, 20s." MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, MAY 17. THfC MILLS. Tho maiket Is vory firm for flour and whoat, home advices having still further strengthened the hands of holders. Primo baker's parcels now teadlly fetch £17 for small packages, ana the amount of busliiois transactod tinco tho beginning of tho wcek"has been very largo. 5he following aro the quotations: - Flour, £17 ; pollard, Is. 8d. to lg. Od.; bran, K 1 i. to Is. 2d ; oatmeal. £21 ; pearl barley, £21. BETAIL MABKKTS. There is no alteration lnbuttor.poultry, or butcher's meat sinco our Saturday's report. Eggs, however, are moro plentiful, and prlcos are slightly easier. Tho fol- lowing are the ruling ratea:-Beef, Id. to Gd. par lb ; mutton, 2Jd. to ljd. per lb.; veal, 6d per lb.; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, 4B. to 5a. Gd. per pair ; goeae, 8s. to 11s do ; ducks, la Od. to 5s. Gd. do ; turkey« 12s. to 22s. do. Dully Produce.-Cheese, 8d. to la 4d. per lb.; eggs.Sa. to 2s. Id. por dozon; buttor, lOd. to Is. 2d. nor lb.; bread, 8 J. per lib. loaf ; milk, G J. per quart ; bama. Is. Id. to le. Id. per lb.; bacon, lud. to" 1B. 2d. per lb. *? EASTERN MARKET. The markot was poor y supplied with all descrip- tions of produco Hits morning, and price» wore gene- rally firm. The fo'Iowing »ore the current ratos: Vegetables.-Basil, Gd to Is. per dozon bunches; beans, kldnoy, Id. to ljd por lb. ; bouquets, la. to Ga. per dozen ; cabbages, Gd. to Is. per dozon ; carrots. Id, to. Gd. per dozen buncbos ; cauliflowers, la. to 3a. per dozon; celery, Is. to 2a per dozen bunches ; croaa, water, Gd. per dozon bunches ; cuoumbors, prickly and long splno, Gd. per dozon; garlic, Id. per lb.; borstratíleh, 3a. to Gs. per dozen bunches; leeks, (id. to Od. per dozon bunches ; lettuce, Sd. to 8d. por dozen ; marjoram. 8d. to Od. per dczon buaohoa ; mint, 8d. por dozen buncbos ; onlooB, dried, 3 >. to la. per cwt, ; oi iona, greon. Id. to Gd. per dozen bunches; parsley, di. per dozen bunohea; parsnltB, Od. per dozon bunches ; peta, 2d. per lb. ; potatoes, 8s. to 8«. Gd. per cwt; pumpkinB, 8a. to 8a per dozon ; radishes, 3d, to Id. per dozon bunches ; rhubarb, la. por dozen bundies; sage, 81. per dozen bunches ; tavoy s. Gd. to 1B. Gd. por dozen hunchee ; shallots, Id. per lb ; spinach, ljd. per lb.; thyme, Od. to 8a. per dozen bunohas ; turnips, Id. to Gd. per dozen bundies ; tomatoes, id. per lb ; vege- table marrows, le. to 2a. per dozen. Fruit -Auplea, 2d. to 3d. per lb,; figs, 2d. to 2Jd. per dozon ; grapes, 2d. lo Id. per lb,; melons, preserving, Is. to la. 6d. per dozen ; water melons, Is. to 2a per dozen ; rock melons, la. Gd. to8s. per dozen; pears, 21. to 8d. per lb.; quince?, Id. to ljd. per lb. Dairy Pro duce.-Butter, 8d. to Is, per ib.; cheese. Gd. to 7<i. lier lb. ; ducks, Sa. Gd. to la. Gd. per pair ; ogga, Is lid. to 2a. Id. per dozen ; geese, 7s. to 12a. per pair LIVE STOCK. Messrs. DAIMAUOY CAMPBELL and Co.'s monthly roport isas follows :-"Fat Cattle- This market coi. tlnues to be g'utted with stock from tho north, 7,025 head having been disposed of ellice our lut monthly report. The quality on the whole hoe boon very in- different, moat of the lots bolne much wasted, which has caused prime qualitios to be in better demand at firm values, whilst lnfurior descriptions aro ruling ex- ceedingly low. Wo quote primo boef at 20a. per 1001b., and pl- ked pena up to 22a. 6d. Wo have this week sold ICO head of Mr. Wm. Robertson's favour- ite brand at tbe highest average of tho wcok, viz, £9 6s. Cd. for bullocks, and £7 7s. Od. cowa ; 10O bullocks for Mr. B. Richards, of Windsor, at from £4 2a. Gd. to £0 5s. ; 182 storoa for tbo same owner, at £1 12s. Gd. per head ; C7 cows, from Caldermeade, at £1 Is. Fat Sheep -The samo remarks apply to sheep, both as regards numbera and quality, and bad it not boon for grazlors In the Immediate neighbourhood it would havo been imposslblo to have cloared out the large supply forward-viz., 118,116 (lo four weeks). As it is, prices havo fallen considerably, 001b. wethers being only wortb 10s. and 181b. owes 8a. Our eales this wcok are :-207 wethors, fortboHou. W. J. T Clarke, prime quality and extra weights, »ti- lls, (being the top figure In the markot) ; 201 do for Mr. James Staple«, Essondon, at 12s. Gd: 2 342 B«M (travelled to yards), small but ni, o quality, for Mesara. Hopo and Soott, Toogoomblo, at 7e. to 7s. 3d- a few culls at Ga. Sd.; 716 «others, for Mosses. CampboU Brothcro. Greon-hllla;860 for Monars Rltohle Brothora Gowrle- park M36 owoa and waitera for Mr Muir' Lnndshorg Mains ; and 210 do. for Mr. Flett at cart rentrâtes." t ' vl"^ SHIP'PING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLKARANOKS SINCE OLR LAST So__Aav [B-, British; A., American; Au., Austrian- Da Danish; D.,Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chillan-p' Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hu.. Hanoverian: I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., {forth German S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Belg! Belgian/BÍ! Bremen; R. Russian; s., ship; b., barque; bri brig; se, schoonor; B.S., stcamor.l J' April. ARRtVEU. 22> lrrdtbBan,dbo2l'E' M> P0^t0r, Natsl-Turnbull¿ **" P." WAA 118*' R- KUiger8' *-*>£-lr_ 24\. Carl Ludwig, Da. br., Foo ohow loo.-G, w P.» bury. ' "'rw* 21\. Bllza Firth, B. BO US. Wm. Firth, Colombo Wm. Peterson and Co. >»T"»uo.-. 26\. »ile- B. b" 165, J. Walker, Maurltlua-Sponce. Brothers and Co. "trance. 26\. River Lune, B. » ,1,120. John William!, Liverpool -Bright Brothora and Co. -a»°rpooi 27\. British Sovereign, B. a.. 1.202, J»,. Davis, Llveri pool-Lorlmor, Marwood, mid Romo. 27> Tw.'PrM^dV^"1 U'Kac,1Mn' Singapore, 27\. Anno, F. b., 661, Emil Choupaut, Calcutta-W r i Greig and Co. . > 28 Thjotira,B.B"962, J. M'Kay, London-Dalgety ' Blackwood, and Oo, -T_«y». , 29\. Agamemnon. Be., 1,131, Richard Marsden, Lou- i don-J. H. Whito and Co. ¡ 29\. Helen Malcolm, B. b., 811, J. GrlfflthB, Calcutta. -Newoll and Co. v»n.uti», Moy. 8\. HolIOB. A. s.. 099, G. B. Burton, Port Townsend 1 Puget Sound.-J. B. Swasey anti Co. lownson<1' 5\. Carisbrooke Castle, B. e., 1,116, Thoa. SmUb, Loa., i don.-W. Crosby and Co. ' i 9\. Annie Sieo, A. s., 1,163, H. Hynor, Now Vork - ( R Towns and Co. . I 13\. Goolong B.M.S., 1,581, R. T. Dundas, Gallo -F R. Kondall. . -. ? CLEARED OCT. ' April. 22\. Tiverton, B. s., 1,171 James 8mltb,Galle vidVew. caBtle. Geo. Martin and Co. .' 22\. David Autereon, B. br., 266, J. W. Webber,Mau- ritius, via Newcastlo. Dalgety, Blackwood, andi Co. 23\. Rangoon, R.M.8.S., 1 253, Nicholas J. Skottowe; Point do Gallo, via King George'» Sound. F. R KondalL 27\. Famille, F. br., 208, -Volant, Guam, via New cns'lo K. Lauratctand Lo Roy. 28\. Highflyer, B. B., 1.012, W. Harrison. Calcutta. v¡í_ Fremantlo. J. H. Whito and Co. 29\. Wimmera. B. s., 1,003. J. E. Coopor, London.1 HolmeB, Whito, and Co. May 8\. Boukar, B. s,, 1,801. J. Adams, Calcutta.-W Crosby and Co. 1\. Sussex, B. s., 900, J. D. Collard, London.-W. P.' Whito and Co. 5\. Daphne, B. so., 61, C. Devlin, Lovuka, Fill Mathews and Son. 6\. Asia, B s., 2,063. Wm. Cumming-, London_Mac farlan, Blyth, and Co. 6\. Bengal, B. s., 1,290. Wm. Cole, Calcutta.-M'Oul« loch, So'lar, and Co. 0\. Corinne, B. b., 390, Thoa. Laldman, Guam, vlfti Newcastle.-Joshua Brothers. * 10\. Chasfcur, F. b., 200, M. Lolleuro, Guam.-BJ. Lautatet and Le Boy. 11 Pacific, Da. b.r, 613.0. J"bnBon, Maldon I«Und. Fanning, Nankivell, mid Co. 12\. Whitehall. B. s., 037, Ed. Roddon, Callao.-W: Crosby and Co. 13\. 3h} atira, B. s., D02, J. M 'Kay, Shanghai, via New* oûbtlu -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 13\. Carl Ludwig, D». br., 239, F. Carlson, Guam, via. Newcastle.-G. W. Parbury. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL. PRODUCE. ArRlb 23. Ranpoon, R.M.S., Polut do Gallo, V'fi King George's Sound.-1 bolo newspapers, 1 box effects, 1 packages tee dB, 1 quarter cask lum, 710 boga flour, 2 packages, sample«, 1 euee uniforms, 1 box documenta, 5 packages company's parcels, 7 packages potatoes. 1 cones bia cuiiB, 12 tie-iois beef, 7 Cito wine, 1 caso booka, 38 coses preserved mea!«, 2 pack H gea extract of meat, 1 pecksgo boote. ApniL 28. Highflyer, for Calcutta, via Fremantle, W.A-2 uses chicory, 10 bait barrels dried apples, 30 oars, 880 boxtB Ecop, 10 cocea biscuits, 25 boxes caudles, 2 pack- ages hoots, 2 axles, 9 bundloa 02 colls ropo, 10 kegs S ca^lB butter, 003 bags potatoes fur Fremantlo ; 1 case (a wooden house), for Calcutta. A nur, 29. Wimmera, for London.-1 loo bales wool, 309 pipes 807 cuke tallow. 67 balea «croll», 357 bales leather, 818 bales bark, 3,080 caaoa preserved meats, 00 toas pearlshell, 20 tubs butter, 216 bales rags. MAT 3 Soukar, for Calcutta -126 tons copper, 5 caaes ci'o nlat wines, 4 600 railway sleeper», 6 casca biscuit«, 25 cases pteteivcd meat«, 1 case effects. MAV 1. Sussex, for London.-E89 balen wool,10 bales scrolls^ 10 hales barils, 30 hales leather, 2 baloa kangaroo skinB, 23 pipe« 98 crek« tallow, 1 200 casos preserved meat, 602 bundles balk, 1,920 bags copper ore, 1.018 bagB antimony'ore, 071 blooks rogulus antimony, li casks black rand, 7 puckageu fcuntirioa, 2 oases nine, 2 packages plants. MAV 6. Daphne, for Levuka, Fiji,-35 tons coal, 100 casoa wlno, 6 packages merchandli-e. MAV 6. Asín, for London.-2,632 bales wool, 2,151 ca'ks> tallow, 8.762 cases preservod meats, 330 bats wheat, 90 bags flour, 2.103 bags 299 bales bark, 375 balos pelts and »or olia, 187 bales rag«, C9 125 horn», 6 bags burna, 21 tons 801 bags boues., 112 balet leather, 13 balCB flax, 12 cask roans, G bales basils, 67 bales hides, 2 bales ropes, 17 haloa papi r, 161 biga oro, 139 tona copper ore, 189 ingoia spoltcr, 60 packagos sundries. MAY 11. Pacific, for Maldon Wawi - 9 bags flour, 3 packages Bundi ice. _ PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE« PARTURE OF TUE LAST MAIL. Amil, 23. Rangoon, for Gallo via King George's Bound. Pas aengers-cabin :-ForOallo. Mosers. H. Bland, Hender- son, Brodie, R. M. Beailoy, Kong Baon ; for Bombay- Captain Lldbeiter ; for Mairan-Mr. and Mrs. Mooro and family (two) ; for Calcutta-Mrs. Hastings and Mr. Evana ; for Singapore-Captain Barker and Mr. J. 8. Crawford ; for Hong Kong Mr. and Mrs. Ping Kong, family (four), and servant;, lor Aden -Mr. and Mro. Joshua, family (tbroo), and two servants ; for Brlndlal-Miss Curxlo, Messrs J. L. Cunio, H. J. Langdon, and M. Hart; for Southampton-Mr. and Mrs. Robert Wigram, family (three), and Bervant, Mrs Moloney and family (two), Mrs. Monohan, Mr. Landy, and Mr. T. R. Safe, ¿rain 28. H'ghflyor, for Calcutta via Fremantlo. W.A. Pas- sengers-saloon : Mr. Georze Chamlor, Mr. T. E. Gull and Mttetor Gull, Mr, Donald M-Lood. Mr. George B. Scott; and »OÏCU lu the third cable. MAV 1. - T SUBBOX, for London. Paasongers-cabin : Rov. J. O'B. Hoato, Mrs. Hoare, family (three), and servant;. Mrs. Church, Mro. Collard, Miss M. Hogg, Mr. T. W. Hanson and torvant, Mesara. George O. Ljon, J. R. K. Lawrence, Alfred Kuigltt, Douglas Nowlogtou,. Dr. Thackoll; and 91 In the second and thud cabins. MAT 0. ABIO, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. Thomas Walton, Mra. Qrooso, Mi»s Amelia Groóse, Miss Mat Ida Hopo, Rov. Francis Brownrigg and Mrs. BrownrU?, Misses Brownrigg (two). Masters Brownrigg (four},, Mr. Kd. O. Orme, Mr. J. T. Dummott, Mr. ""'J'' DumtncH, Mr. O. H. Chlpplndale, Mrs. Ellen Waud;. Mr. Fred. A. Mardon ; and 12 in tho eooond cabin. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FBIDAY, MAT 19. Amount of Loan, £ 1000000 80Û000 100000 10000 60000 80300 185400 168300 100000 21700 20000 Viet. Gov. Blwy. (local), 6 por cent. Viet Government (local), 6 per cent. Melbourne Corporation, G per cont. Ballarat Water, 8 per cent... Ballarat Municipal, G per cent, Collingwood Gas, 0 per cent. . Melbourne Gas, 7 nor cent... Molb. & li. B. United, 8 per cent. Do., 7 por.cont. Do., 6 par cent. Do., 5 per cent. Bendigo Waterworks, G percent, Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. 111} lWi 104J-105 100-107_ 107 1061-10Î' 3f Í *2 ti £ £ 66000 10 in 437600 in 220000 10 100000 10 000000 5 1000000 20 500000 60 60000 10 80000 10 24008 5 14000 R 76000 5 2080 10 24430 6 < R 210000 1 6 (io 125000 6 26000 6 40000 5 1O250 _ 100000 '6 40000 50 100000 50 48938 5 17876 10 87600 10 88400 _ 12838 60 12000 1 7000 20 634700 50 PUBLM COOTAXIES. BANKS. Bal. Bonkg. (limit) Do., now issue .. Colonial of Austral. 4 .Commercial of AUB I tralla (limited) .. 2 Molb, Bank Corpo I ration (limited) .. 4 National of Austral. 20 Now South Wales )R ( VictorlaQJel.rcg.) ' 11 Do. (London reg.) 2 Land Mortgago | OAS COilPAnlKS. 7, Ballarat 5 Colhngw'd _. Fitzroy 0 Daylesford (limited) 4 Geolong li f i )? Slolbourne -j 2* i 1 \- I 5, J- Slolbourne 10 INBORAKCK. Austral. Firo & Mar. Australasian Life Australian Aillante, National Fire In.sur. Southern Insurance Victoria Lifo & Gen, Victoria Fh o & Mar. MIBCRM/ANEOUB. Bendigo Water« ork Gipps Lud. SteamN. Marítimo & General CredltCo. (Limit.) Mell). Moat-Prnsrvg. MelbournoExoh'nge Studley Park Bridge Victorian leo KAU,WAVB. Molb.&Hob.BayUd.; Lost dlv. por cent, per annum. 12 12j 121 Closing Prices } GHI' 6-01 69a.-60s. OHO SR 2J-31 43-61 21 HO ll|12ï lOr. 16a.."^ S0_--3E9^ \ 8a -8t'. 183a-19& 2|-8 26-28 35S.-40-» mi 17 18-19 4748 Printed and published by Huon GHOROI, at Tan AROUB Office, Colllns-stroet, Melbourne, for Wttao» and -UCKIKKON, proprietor!. 