KYNETON GENERAL SESSIONS. THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1871. (Before C. B. G. Skinner. Esq., Chairman, and a Bench of Magistrates.) FORGING AND UTTERING. Joseph Crawshaw was charged with forging the name of W. D. Christian to two cheques for one pound each; and in a second count he was charged with uttering the cheques with intent to defraud. He pleaded Not Guilty. Mr George Smyth prosecuted for the Crown; Mr M. G. Byrne defended the prisoner. The facts of the case are that prisoner had been in the employ of Mr Christian, saw-mill proprietor, of Mount Macedon. About the beginning of January, he went to Mr. Richard Byers, of the Weighbridge Hotel, Woodend, from whom he ob- tained a couple of blank cheques upon the Com mercial Bank. He was afterwards found in the par lour of the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel, filling up two cheques. On the 4th of January, he went to McKenzie's Hotel and got a nobbler of brandy, in payment of which he presented a cheque upon the Commercial Bank, Woodend, purporting to be signed by Mr Christian. Mrs McKenzie at once gave the prisoner 19s 6d in change. Next day the prisoner again came to McKenzies, got some more drink, and presented another cheque for ₤1, also purporting to be signed by Mr Christian. At first Mrs McKenzie demurred to cashing the second cheque, as she had not presented the former one at the Bank. Prisoner said, "Oh, you know Mr. Christian; the cheque is all right." Mrs McKenzie then gave the prisoner 10s on account, and directed him to call the next morning, which he did, and got the balance. The cheques were presented at the Bank, and payment refused on the ground that the signatures were not like Mr Christian's. Intorma tion was then given to the police, and prisoner was apprehended. For the defence it was contended that prisoner had been drinking heavily, and was not accountable for his actions when he uttered the cheques. Mr Christian, prisoner's employer, stated that if pri soner had given orders on him instead of forging the cheques be would have honored the orders. He had money of the prisoner's in hit hands. His Honor summed up, pointing out that what ever doubt there might be as to the forgery, the evidence was very conclusive as to the uttering— especially of the second cheque. As to the plea which bad been set up for the defence, his Honor directed the jury that the law regarded voluntary drunkenness as an aggravation instead of an extenu ation of the offence. The jury retired for a few minutes, and returned a verdict of " Guilty of forging and uttering." A number of testimonials to prisoner's good character were handed in. Prisoner, himself, said that he had fallen into bad company, and whilst he was drunk they had got him to pass these forged cheques. He remembered nothing at all about the matter himself. The Court sentenced prisoner to twelve month's imprisonment. There was another charge of forging and uttering against the prisoner, but in that case the Crown Prosecutor intimated that a nolle prosequi would be entered. CUTTING W0CKDIKQ. Charles Smile was arraigned on a charge of catting and wounding John Ellerion,pnblican, of Boggy Creek. He pleaded Not-Guilty. Mr Geo. Smyth conducted tbe prosecution for the Crown. Prisoner was not defended by counsel. It appeared that between nine and ten o'clock on the sight of Tuesday, the Siit instant, prisoner came to Mr Ellerton's Hotel, at Boggy Creek, and asked for some money which be alleged was due to liim. MrEllerton told him that when he had himself received the money, be would "hand it "over to prisoner, who, however, continued ao importunate, that at length Mr EUerton liad to put him out. Prisoner returned, and indulged in a threat tbat he would "do for" MrEllerton, who again put him out. Whilst be was doing ao, prisoner -was observ. d to draw his hand from his pocket and -make, a rapid b ov at Mr KUerton, grazing him on'the cheek, and descending on h s breast. Wheu outside, prisoner was heard to exclaim, 11 Come out, vou -dog, and I'll give you two inches and a half of cold'ateel." Immediately after this, Mr EUerton was found to have been stabbed in the right breast. He bled profusely. his shirt being saturated. Dr. Sigbj described the wound as not dangerous in itself, bnt in a dangerous position. In fact, if the second rib bad not interposed, the knife would liave penetrated the lung. Abouttwoo'clocK the next morning, prisoner was apprehended at Mrs Macphcrson's boarding house, Mollison-street. Kyneton, and in hii possession-was found a two-bladed knife, one of the blades of which would, according to Dr. Uigby'i opinion, have inflicted the wound on Mr Ellerton." No evidence was called for the defence, and prisoner made no observation to the jury. Hit Honorleft the case in tlie hands of the jury without remark. Thejury fotlndthe prisoner guilty, but recommended him to tbe favorable consideratioa of the Court on account of his youth, and from the fact that he was undefended by Counsel. Prisoner was sentenced to two years hard labor on the roadi or other public works. APPEAL. J. Walsh i W, Willoby and others, justices See. Appellant was a Police Constable otationed at Kyneton. In January last he was charged with misconduct, waa convicted, and was sentenced to four montln imprisonment. Against this conviction he appealed. Mr Samuel appeared for the appellant; Mr George Smyth supported the conviction. Mr Smyth, at first, insisted that it was necessary for the appellant in te:ms of his recognizances to be present in person, and as be was not present applied that his recognizances shonld be estreated. Mr Samuel replied that the appellant was not bound to be present at that stage ; he was only bound to submit to the judgment of tbe Court. - The Court decided in favor of Mr Samuel's view of the case. The necessary notices having been proved, Mr Samuel submitted that the conviction must be quashed owing to a salient and material defect. Appellant had been-convicted under the Police Regulations Statute. The section of that Statute which defined offences and provided penalties was the 17th. That Section provided that " any member of the force who shall • * • be guilty of anv misconduct, insubordination, neglect,-violation : of,-or absence from duty,shall for every such offence, upon conviction thereof before any two justices, forleit and pay a penalty not exceeding twenty-five pounds.'' The 27th Section made provision for tbesubstitutiou according to « pro rata scale of imprisonment is lieu of the pecuniary penalty authorised by the 17th Section. Its terms were—'-•-Imprisonment with hard labor, may, in the discretion of tbe justices adjudicating, be substituted in lieu of any p euniary penalty for any of the offences mentioned in this act, provided that such imprisonment does not exceed fifteen daye, whe:e such penalty is not more than five poundi.'or two -months where such penalty is more than five pounds, and less than twenty poundior four month! where Buoh penalty is more than twenty pounds." It waa dear from this that the nature of a man'* guilt and the extent of. his punishment had in the first instance to be measured br a money penalty. Imprisonment con'd only be imposed as a substitute for a fine, and it was clearly essential in making and "drawing the conviction, tbat it should be diB:inctly set fot-th that In lieu of the pecuniary penalty of L21 or upwards the justices had substituted imprisonment for four months. This bad not been done. The appelant had simply been sentenced to four months imprisonment under the 27th .Section of the Police Regulations Statute no intimation whatever -being given of the amount of pecuniary penalty in lieu of which this term of imprisonment c rnld a one be legally substituted Mr Samuel therefore heldthat the conviction was in valid and .must be quashed. - The Court agreed with Mr Samuel, and Mr Smyth admitted that the objection waa a fatal one. Appeal allowed.' Mr Samnel applied for costs, but the application ntrefused. Tlie Court then adjourned sine die. The Border journals of South Australia state that the usual emigration of insolvents into Victoria from South Australia has set in this season with its wonted aeverity. . Mr James Yonnp, of Bacchus Marsh—a^erf old colonist—died at Tabilk somewhat suddenly. He was born on famous Flodden Field, at the foot ot tbe Cheviot Hills. A very bad year, we regret to observe; is anticipated by ihe Western journals for the selectors who took up land there in 1869. ! The season has been most adreraeto them. • A Danish ship ha* arrived at BoskhamptoG, un- - announced, with Danish and Swedish" immigrants, chiefly coopers and tinsmiths.. , itt,di is nunoured " {«ays "" tile F.peiring " Mait) that tbe result of the polling in Ballarat Eut is likely'to lead to aome protest* ob ihs groundof perasnatien and of bribery. lt; is ;»Md proof* ire forthcoming, gnd ^hat At.leait iOne committee is working hird, determined to expose corrupt influence*. * • The Sydney Government decline subsidising as fteaTOt£rom Batavia -io TJonnantown until Victoria- tad Taimatiia'aisent , A man surrendered to the Orange police on Monday, stating that he had killed a *n*m Eamed Forpster. ii":-:" ' i Ten and a half inche* of-lain fell at NewcaHle during two hours OQ ,*~ r 