ITEMS OF NEWS. The Li dies' Committee beg to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of £1 from Mrs Becking - sale, in aid of their funds. The children attending common school No. 131 and Christ Church Sabbath schools, accompanied bv their teacher, enjoyed their an- nual fete at the Butts yesterday. The Ten- Archdeacon Crawford and Mr Halford contri buted a large qnantity of grapes. German and Danish service will be held in the forenoon and afternoon of to-morrow, at the Mechanics' Institute. At Chewton special ser vices will be conducted in the Independent Cbnrch by Mr Hntchesoc, in the morning and evening, to be followed 011 Monday by a musical and fruit soiree. The Wesleyans of Guildford also hold anniversary services to-morrow. i G. Smvtb, Esq., district coroner, held an in quest vesterday at the Castlemaine Hospital on the bodv of Thomas D.vlton, a schoolmaster, lately living near Taradale. It appears irom uie evidence that deceased had left a friend s house, at Taradale, on Monday evening, the 10th inst., in order to return home to hi3 residence at Yankee Point ; it was then dark, and taking a short cut tlirough the field and a paddock where mining had been carried on he fell into a_ deep shaft, "and from the injnries received he died at the hospital on the 13tli inst. The jury re turned a verdict of accidental death. Since the announcement that it was the inten tion of the Government to revise the roll of magistrates there has been no end to the nnm- berwho hint that they are eligible for Selection. Some of the aspirants to honorary office forcibly call to mind the quaint hut expressive proverb' in which a pig and a bird are the prominent nouns common, and certainly we should as soon expect to see so unlikely a bird as % porcine quadruped fly as to see those gentlemen raised to the magis terial position. Beyond the Chewton Court difficulty we look in vain tor anything to justify any increase of the number of the J ustices of the Peace in thi3 district. North, east, south, and west, they are almost as plentiful as green leaves, and if any alteration is required it is rather in the way of decrease of numbers than otherwise. We could certainly apply the pruning hook without danger to the due administration of the law in the Court of Petty Sessions. We therefore hope that if the SoliciiorrGeneral is looking Castle maine district-wards for the exercise of his prerogative he will deal out his favours most charily. A3 a matter of fact we want no more of the " great unpaid," but if the form of ga zetting men must be gone tlirough, let us fain trust that more discrimination will mark the selection than in a few previous instances of his predecessors. It is reasonable to presume that Mr Wrixon will first convince himself of the ne cessity of recommending any one for appoint ment before doing so. If liis data is as our own, he will bo saved what always more or less proved an invidious task. A very determined case of suicide is reported by the Warrnambool Examiner. At the in quest a witness deposed : — "I was present when the body was removed from the water, but could not identify it. I saw the body afterwards re moved to the Union hotel, and was present when the constable took from the pneket eight half- crowns, four or five shillings, some coppers, and a one-pound note. When the body was re moved from the water, I found two large bundles of stones tied around the neck by a strap ; one bundle was wrapped up in a shirt the armlets of which were fastened with cord; the other vras tied up in a piece of cloth. The cord attaching these bundles to the strap around the neck was very short, so that the head must Immediately have touched , the bottom of the water-hole Deceased had a pair of nearly.-.new. boots, .a black cloth coat, and moleskin trousers, with .a leather strap round the waist. I should think he was about 45 years of age, and in height about 5ft Sin." A heartless piece . of conduct on the part of a son was exposed at the meeting of the committee of" the Benevolent Asylum on Thursday. A straight-set clean-looking man, aged seventy- five years, who (says the Telegraph) has been for some time an inmate of the asylum, named Fred erick Stewart, came before the committee, stating his intention to leave the institution. He was asked, where he was going, and what he intended to do. He said he was going to work on the roads at stone- breaking. In answer to the question if his' son was going to do anything for him, he 6aid that his son never did anything for him, and would not now. The son referred to is a man named Stewart, keeper of the Australia Felix hotel, at the corner of Bourke and Stephen streets —a place for which, it is stated, he pays LIS per week. The asylum collector, who was. in the room, was asked if be ever had requested the son to give'a subscription to the asylum, and he said . that he had, but that Stewart had answered that he coiild not afford it. Mr Marsdcn, a member of committee, said that he had called on Stewart, who promised to do something for his father. It was stated. in the room that the old man had for some time been practising stone-breaking, as he. felt ashamed to stay in the asylum, where ho bears a very good character. There is scarcely a week thqt some case of cruel neglect on the part of relations does not come under the notice of tile committee of the asylum, and such conduct dric.s up the springs of charity, and makes the deserving suffer. An important point of law, says tlio Indepen dent, materially affecting landlord and tenant, . was argued in the County Court on Thursday, in the case of O'Brien v Tipper. This was an action to recover the value of a corrugated iron roof which the defendant had removed from cer tain premises in View-place, of which the plain tiff was the landlord. The fact of the removal was admitted, and as a defence it was shown- that in 18G3, before Mr O'Brien bought the. property, Mr Tipper was in occupation as a tenant, that the property was in the hands of executors, tliat he applied to the executors to repair or replace a defective roof on the outer workshop, but they refused, and that he then put up the roof in dispute in a temporary manner over the old one, that subsequently to that (in 1805) the property was purchased by Mi- O'Brien, thatin February last Mr Tipper vacated the premises, and claiming the iron roof as his own removed it, notwithstanding the remon strances of Mr O'Brien. The whole case thus resolved itself into a question of law, as to whether Mr Tinner had a right to remove tlio roof 011 Iris tenancy terminating. For the plain tiff- it was urged that the improvement effected was in tlio shape of trade fixtures, which, accord ing to recent rulings of the English courts, a tenant oil vacating could remove. For the plaintiff it was contended that a roof of a house could not be called a trade fixture, and therefore the case bore no relation to the English cases. To this it was replied that tlio roof was con structed to ensure the safety of trade materials, and hence could bo tormcd a trade fixture. Judge Macoboy held the latter construction cor rect, and non-suited the plaintiff with costs. One important point appeared to have been lost sight of, viz : — Whetlior the plaintiff was pur chaser without notice. 1 We learn from the Lifeboat, the journal of the National Lifeboat Institution, _ that during the past year the lifeboats of that institution saved 513 shipwrecked persons, whilst in the stormy year 1SG9 they saved 871. T lie "Ballarat journals state that the petition in re the charges against the Eastern Borough Council has been forwarded to Melbourne.. The document was four yards long, and_ contained nearly 1000 signatures. The reply of the Chief Secretary will be anxiously expected. A block of coal weighing between 3cwt and 4cwt was exhibited on the footpath in front ofthe Spanish hotel, Elizabeth-street, on Thursday. It is said to have been obtained from a seam 01 coal discovered at Western Port, where there are very large deposits. The block has the appear ance of having been exposed for some time to the atmosphere, probably a portion of the deposit cropping out of the surface of the ground. There ought, nevertheless, says the Telegraph, to be a workable seam in thevicinity near which the sample was obtained. We.olwerve from the Home News that at the London office of The Argus in Cornhill is a speci men of pnlp made from the stems and leaves of maize, grown on the banks of the Hunter River. The sample has been submitted toseveral eminent paper-makers, who are unanimous in their ex pressions of approval of its usefulness and value. No large parcel has yet arrived for sale, but if it can be produced and shipped at a price similar to that obtainable for paper-making materials of a similar character, the demand for it in England vvould be practically unlimited. During summer the heat in our railway car riages is frequently almost unbearable. This being the case the following which we take from the Sind News, may induce the Government to see if the evil complained of cannot be remedied : — "A gentleman connected with the G. I. P. Railway, has intimated that Mr R. D. Saunders the energetic Locomotive Superintendent, Byculla, is fitting up a patent hot-weather travelling carriage, and as the resuit of his ex periments he can cool the temperature of its saloon down to 02 cleg, when the thermometer to the rest of the world stands at 92 deg." The Hobart Town Mcrcnry objects to the ap pointment of Mr. Butler as Inspector of Tele graphs, on the grounds that he is already mem ber for Brighton, territorial- magistrate, chair man Court of General Sessions, Glenorchy, member of the Municipal Council of Glenorchy, Minister of Lands and Works, Commissioner of Crown Lands, Surveyor-General, Immigration Commissioner, member of the Tasmanian Council of Education, chairman of the Board of Education, member ofthe Court of Medical Ex-' aminers, Commissioner of Hospital for Insane, ' New Norfolk: Salmon Commissioner, trustee Acclimatisation Society, manager Hobart- Town Savings Bank. The attempt to " loot the Treasury " by heads of denominations, by sections ot denominations, and even by individual members of denomina tions, is revived. The Treasurer has (says the Age) within the past few days been perfectly besieged with letters, and applications relative to the amount to be granted to each and all under section 53 of the Constitution Act, which remains in force until 31st December, 1875, by the pro visions of the State-aid to Religion Abolition Act. Many of those who have now sent in claims bare never accepted their share of the annnal grant previous to the late act coming in force, and it is even said that some of them have iin in tention of sending in a claim for arrears due. All their efforts are likely to be labour inrain. An extraordinary love affair has recently given rise to no little scandal in the neighbourhood of Waurn Ponds. It appears, says the Advertiser, that for some time past a smart young carrier who has been plying his team between Geelong and Cobham, near Camperdown, has been paying his addresses to the daughter of a wealthy publi can residing at the Ponds. Still more recently, however, the knight of the whip and waggon became enamoured with the superior attractions of a damsel at Cobham, and at the conclusion of one of his trips to that township he scaled his promises to the latter by marriage. For a few weeks everything went on smoothly enough at Cobham, but not so at the Ponds. The daughter of the bonifacc, whom he seemed to have for gotten altogether, had evidentiv good reason to remember his broken vows, far shegave birthtoa child, of which lie was the reputed father. This was' the beginning but not the termination of the scandal. Tn due time -the waggoner had oc casion to revisit Geelong ; but passing through Waurn Ponds his progress was arrested by the friends _ of the girl he had so grossly deceived. What transpired is not altogether known, but the termination of the affair is that the carrier got married for the second time to the publi can's daughter, and leaving, waggon and team behind . him, took passage with his second wife to America. The child, it may be added, has been left behind with the other property, with the father 'in-law. In the meantime the first bride at Cobham is vainly endeavouring to bring back' her truant lord by means of a warrant, which of course .it would be, impossible to exe cute. ' . It is rather difficult to understand what the Ministry are doing' in the matter of the water works. Some little time since it Was announced, says the Geelong Advertiser, that two eminent engineers were on their way to Victoria to teach our incapable and blundering engineers their business. This was, however, rather too much of a good thing, and all official knowledge of the fact was denied tlirough the columns of friendly journals. It was then said that tlio Cabinet had communicated with the Governor-General of India on the subject, but having received no answer, had taken the opportunity which offered and engaged the services of Mr Gordon, C.E. In the meantime, Lieut. -Col. Sankey, R.E., has arrived, under instructions from the Government of India, and at the same time it was announced that Mr Gordon, with whom the Yictbrian Go vernment had been in communication, was made aware of the appointment of Lieutenant. -Colonel Sankey in time to prevent his leaving India. It is now necessary to know what is the exact mission of Colonel Sankey, and his fitness by past experience to throw fresh light on the par ticular problem, wliicli the past laches of the Mining department has made so glaringly dis graceful to the colony. In one account which we saw, it was staled that his object in visiting Victoria was to obtain experience in hydraulic engineering, hut probably this was ironical, and a kind of back-lianded compliment to the pro- , fession practising in this part of the world. At the same time, if any confidence is to be placed 1U tU'5 pcouiiu nvuuil Wl Hi 15 XM-LUiaVl J', should be stated with respect to Colonel Sankey's experience of works of the character of those he has been asked to report upon. And, fur ther, whether I10 is at liberty, and also pre pared to take the responsibility of superintend ing the operations which lie may recommend, to rectify the past blunders of tbo department. There has been more than enough of Hying visits of inspection and professional reports without responsibility, and, if any real value is to be at tached to the latest development of official acti vity, some tangible and practical result must be connected vvitli it. A Fine State of Things. — A Californian editor is out 011 a card refusing to speak to any married ladies, of his acquaintance. He says : — " We trust that our motive — which is pure cowardice — will not be misconstrued. Somebody perishes inglorionsly every day for being upon speaking terms with married women, and we do not care to have onr turn come round. Deeply grateful for the past . forbearance of aggrieved husbands, we make our .bow and retiie. Here after our nods and smiles will be lavished upon girls and widows exclusively ; 110 others need apply. Whoever skill attempt to introduce us to his own ivife, or that of another man, will bo regarded as a conspirator against our , pre cious life, and subject to abuse in the columns of this journal, 