SHIPPING. The arrivals and departures of European vessels during the past month have been two each in More. ton Bay; and there has been one arrival of a German immigrant vessel at Keppel Bay. The ships now on the berth for London are the Salamander and Storm King, and they are rapidly filling up. The steamer traffic with Melbourne and Sydney, and with our own ports to the north, has been less active than usual during the past month. The intercolonial traffle by means of sailing vessels has also been much less than usual, the arrivals being only three brigs from Adelaide; and the departures, two bries for Newcastle, two schooners for the Rich mend River, and two schooners and a barque for tlhe South Sea Islands with Polynesian labourers. The A.S.N. Co.'s steamer Lady Young, which was reported wrecked about the middle of February last, has since been repaired, and has now resumed her place amongst the intercolonial steamers. She does not seem to be much the worse for hier late mishap, as she did her fliea trip afterwards from Sydney to Bris bane, wharf to wharf, in forty-seven and a half hours. The Government do not appear to have yet deter mined on the best means of turning their fine new steamer, the Governor Blackall, to account; but they seem to have some idea of running her between Java and Queensland to carry telegrams. The following is a detailetd acount of the arrivale and departures of European vessels: ABBIA a. March 20.-Star Queen, ship (Black Ball line), 832 tons, Captain L. Evans,from Liverpool. Passengers: Saloon-Miss M. A. E. Hughetto, Mrs. Miller. Second saloon-Mr. W. Hinson; and 219 in the steerage. March 28.-Elmabeth Dougall, ship, 526 tone, Capt. White, from London. Passengers: Mr. and Mrs. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. 8. J. Hall and family, Miss Saunders. Second cabin : Messrs. Banks, Green and Riteon. J. and G. Harris, agents. March 24 (at Rockhampton).-Gutenberg, German immigrant ship, from Hamburg. DEDIET'n?UES. March 24.-Humboldt, ship, 714 tone, Captain H Meyer, for Rangoon, in ballast. April 6.--Light Brigade, ship, 1244 tons, Cap. tain Sydney J. Wilkin, for London. Passengers: lSaloon-Mr. and Mrs.T. Addenbrooke, Mrs. teynell, Master Meynell, Mrs. F. C. Sayle, Master BSayle, Mrs. M. Davidson, Miss S. Goodwin, Dr. Sehliesner, Hon. Evelyn Ellis, Hen. Augustus Ellis, Messrs. F. A. Scott, and P. Culmsee. Steerage: Mrs. Coombs and family (2), Mrs. Nash and family (3) Mrs. Mantle and family (2), Masters Sparweld (8), Miss Sparweld, Miss K. Hunt, Messrs. W. Manglesdorf, J. Hatnson, Wmin. Hayes, Wmin. Coombs, Ily. Ruppoll, J. Hall, J. Nash, Abner Harris, F. Fielding, John Sparweld, J. O'Grady, Joe. Haigh, and J. Brian. O?XPORTa. Light Brigade, ship, for London: 72 bales wool, W. B. Tooth; 46 bales wool, 288 cases preserved mutton, G. H. Davenport; 42 bales wool, Mylne and Co.; 5 bales wool, Hill, Allan, and Holberton; 424 bales wool, 6 casks tallow, J. Taylor; 32 bales wool, 3 bales skins, J. G. Sims; 111 bales wool, D. Gunn; 34 bales wool, J. Pierce; 68 bales wool, Cray, Simmie, and Fraser ; 77 bales wool, Hirst Brothers; 47 bales wool, Lord and Co.; 54 bales wool, T. B. Stephens; 83 bales wool, 1500 hides, 249 casks tallow, 11 calfskines, 13iBewt. bones, 2031 horns, 3 packages tobacco, J. and G. Horris; 151 bales wool, R. L. Jenkins; 8 bales wool, Hetherington and Keys; 984 bales wool, C. II. Marshall ; 11 bales wool, 45 bales skins, 113 casks tal low, A. B. sBuchanan; 19 bales wool, Gore and Co.; 44 bales wool, 107 casks tallow, New Zeealand and Australian Land Company; 38 bales wool, W. Fite gerald; 30 bales wool, M'Farlane and Sons ; 7 bales wool, D. M'Conncl; 30 bales wool, M. H. Marsh ; 4 bales wool, H. Hunte?r; 46 bales wool, W. Miles; 45 bales wool, Bank of New South Wales; 144 bales wool, 25 casks tallow, 7Gcwt. hools, 4000 horns, G. H. Wilson and Co.; 49 bales wool, C. t. Haly; 105 bales wool, J. deV. Lamb ; 6 bales wool, M'Lean and Beit; 15 bales wool, J. F. M'Dougol; 5 bales wool, J. P. Jest ; 83 bales wool, 500 oases preserved mutton, 223 eases preserved meat, E. Towns and Co.; 122 bales wool, J. Ferrett; 09 bales wool, Wienholt Brothers; 79 bales,wool, Moore and Turnbull; 30 bales wool, Clarke, HIodgson, and Co.; 3 cases, J. Preston; 2 eases specimens natural history, E. Mar wedel ; 2 boxes silver plate, Major BlackIll; 58 boxes, 10 packages, H. Box and Sonu; 1 bor, Colonial Store keeper; 41 bales wool, Hodgeon and Ramsay; 79 bales wool, William Boil. .Bcapilulsationu ; 2601balos wool, 48 bhalos seeepskins, 600 casks tallow, 788 eases preserved mutton, 223 cases preserved meat, 11 calf skins, 1500 hides, 6031 horns, 89cwt. bones and hoofs, 3 cases honey, 2 boxes silver plate, 71 packages sundries. THE ELoZacETH DonoaoL.--Thlis fine little vessel has made the fastest passage of the season, having ac complished the run from Deal to Moreton Bay in eighty- six days. Canptain White reports that he discharged the pilot off Deal on January 1. On Jan. 25 crossed the Equator in 2838 W., and on February 17th the meridian of Greenwichl, in 3750 8. She ran down her eastine in the forty- sixthl parallel. On March 21 rounded the S.E. Cape, Tasmania, and on the 27th was off Cape Moreton. The wind proving bafling she stood out to sea during the night, and at 4 a.m. on the 28th stood in for the land, and at 1.30 p.m. anchored in Brisbane Roads. During the pse sage light winds prevailed. TaE STAn Quwn.--Tho Black Ball liner Star Queen, Oaptain L. Evans, anchored in aforeton Bay sn March 20, hiaving made a passacge of eiehty-seven days from Lirerpool-a ran seldom aceomplished hitherto. She brought 222 passengers, who were all landed in excellent health by the steamer Govarernor Blackall the next day. The passengers were under the medical supervision of Dr. A. R. Miller, a gentleman already favoursably known here in connection with Queensland Immigration. Thefollowine report of the passage has been furnished by Captain Evans:--The Star Queen weighed anchor in the Mersey on Dec. 21, 1870, at 4 p.m., and was cast offby the tug at Point Lynas. The wind was then moderate, from S.E. by S., which enabled her to make good way down St. George's Channel, and at 2.80 a.m. on the 22nd she was abreast of Tuskar Light. There she had a strong breeze, an. companied by a confused sea, to the 25th, by which time the ship had got into the Bay of Biscay. For about forty- eight hours she was becalmed, and made no progress, but laboured heavily in a tremendous cross sea which was then running. On December 27 a westerly breeze sprung up, and the ship once more madeheadway. Westerly and south-westerly winds prevailed in the North Atlantic, and compelled the ship to make a rather more easterly track than usual. She passed within 100 miles of Madeirs, and on the 21st day out crossed tihe Equator in longitude 27 W. The south-east trades were verylight, butnever theless the vessel made good progress, and on February 9, 1871, passed the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope, 48 days out. The easting was run between the 45th and 46th parallels, and though the weather was for the most part thick sand foggy, she had remarkably smooth water. She rounded Tasmania on March 4, 78 days out, and from there had dirty disagreeable weatller-constant rains and thunderstorms, with variable winds and calms. Moreton Bay was entered in the afternoon of March 20, after a passage of 87 days, all well on board. Throughout, the passage has been remarkable for the prevalence of light winds, and, indeed; the topgallant- sails were never furled from the time she entered the Bay of Biscay until after she made the eastern coast of Australia. With regard to the passengers, there has not been more than the usual amount of those maladies which appear almost inseparable from a long sea voyage. All were landed in good health, and the utmost good feeling appears to have prevailed all through the ship. TRE GtntmxR?o.-dA Boekhampton paper of March 27 has the following respecting the arrival of this German immigrant vessel at Boekhampton :--This tesasl arrived in Keppel Bay at 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon. Captain Braren states that his vessel had made a remarkably fast trip, being ninety.two days from Hamburgh : the weather was generally fair, al thoughl now and then a storm was encountered. It appeara that, althonghOaptain Braren has naever visited Queensland before, he has had much experience as a commander of immigrant ships, and was specially selected by Mr. Kirchner, the German agent, for this ocession. That Mr. Kirclhner made ajudioiouschoice events hare proved, as the immigrants not only ex pressed themselves as thoroughly satisfied willh the treatment and attention they receired, but presented their captain with a most flattering testimonial. Sir deathls took place on board; four adulte and two children; the former when they came on board were eslfering from consumption, and embarked in the hope that change of air might restore them. There were four births, thus leaving a deficiency of two between port and port. During the course of the evening the immigrants produced tleir various musical instruments, and sang and danced with the utmost enthusiasm till nearly daylight. At 8 o'clock on Sunoday morning the Mary went alongside, when the mustering commenced, and the immigrants were rigidly questioned by Mr. Wiseman as to whether they had any complaints to make-but we need hardly add, after what we have already said, that there was a marked expression of general satisfaction. Theimmi grants consisted of 48 married men and women, 120 single men, 14 single girls, and 86 children-in all 220. They are chiefy Danes, Holsteiners, and Germans. The men are many of them remarkably fine-lookin~g fellows, strong and hardy, in fact just the style of immigrants we need for our agricultural districts. The few single girls, from thleir appearance, will no doubt make good servants, and we are certain will readily meet with engagements, seversl having already been bespoken. The greater portion of the men are form-labourers and domestic serrants, but there are a few tradesmen, suech as bshoemakers, tinsmiths, tailors, carpenters, brickmakers, watchmakers, sad diers, blacksmiths, coopers, wheelwrights, masons, and compositors, but not more than one or two of each. There also two vine- growers. The examination of the immigrants was finished by half-past 9, after which Messrs. Wiseman, Salmond, and Fees made a complete tour of the vessel and examined everything thoroughly; they found the vessel was a very fine one, and roomy between decks, but inferior in accommodation to the regular Black Ball traders. At 10 o'clock the Mary started for Rock hampton, where she arrived athalf-past 8 o'lock ; on their way tie immigrants were eingingtheir national songs, and when off the Government Wrharf they ehaunted in a very effective manner the " Watch on the Rhine" and the Danish national hymn, A large numberofpeople were on the bonk of the river when the vessel came to anchor. 