F L OTSAM. The old lady of Pitt-stroet has pattod Lord Nonnonby on tho back, and no doubt tho noble mnrqnis fools sovoral inches higher. "Tho accession of Lord Normanby will bring tho ripo experionco of an English stntosmmi," &c.;, &c.;, says tho old lady. Now, who over hoard ol Lord Normanby being a Btntosmnn before, much loss a ripe ono. Lord Normanby is torty-eight years old — a period of lifo when statesmen car lardly ho characterised as ripo. Tho fact is, ho ms not yet won his spurs as a statesman. In Queensland ho will have ample opportunity t.o show whatever enpneity is in him, nnd had tho eld lady been content to wish him luck on his now mission, it would have been better tasto than her violent pltingo into Joames-liko adula tion of tho poerage. " Wo hnvo now a marquis, a viscount, nnd an onrl," says his reverence, the old lady's confessor. Why not a marquis, an onrl, and a viscount? Why not, if yon dp go in for Jenmos's stylo, be correct-, nnd placosiioh noble titles according to thoir hornldic precedence ? O ! happy period, ever to bo whito in southern hist'ry, when throe live lords ruled throe Aus tralian provinces at tho snmc time !. That is the Herald's view ! Is not tho viow moro correct which recognises, not tho luck of tho colonios getting tho lords, but tho peculiarity of tho system which, because a man is a lord, gives him place and position as a matter of course, and without roferenco to his capabilities as proved by his antecedents. Public taste is rapidly depreciating. Whoop-ln is the latest Sydney sensation. Tho theatre is crammod with admirers, and Whoop-la is nightly encored. It is an unmeaning song tnckod on to a meaning dnnco. And legs carry tho thing ofL It's the same thing in England. An English paper, commenting on tho fact that an action had been brought about tho right to a song callod "When the band begins to play," Bnid— " In the course of tho trial Mr. Baron Pigott remarked that it was far from an interesting or instructive case. Wo ennnot agroo with the learned Baron. The enso has olicited theso two facts ; that it is worth the whilo of ono human being to purchase 'tho solo nnd exclusive right' to sing such n song ns 'When tho Band begins to Play,' and worth the whilo of- nnothor human boing to infringe that right nt the risk of legal proceedings. To the student of manners those two fnpts are, we think, both interesting and in structive." Tho chorus of tho song in quostion is as follows: — " And I feel so awfully jolly When tho band bogins to play, When tho hand begins to play. I am very fond of mnsie, I could listen to it all tho day, Especially when my Charlie leadB tho band, pom, pom." Sydney protends to be New Sonth Wnlos, and Sydney crowds listen with delight to Whoop-ln, Shoofly, and tho like! Well, tho consolation is that Sydney isn't Now Sonth Wales, but the sign is a bad ono, and doesn't augur well for tho political future. Crowds, whoso standard of musical tnsto is tho Whoop-la sensation, are tho fit material for scandals of the Erie railroad typo. I sec that a Sydnoy correspondent of the Herald has had a shy nt sugar Holland. J. S. (for ho the correspondent is content to subscribo hirnsolf) savs : — "That it will mnko sugar, is a woll-nuthenti- catodfact; but it is also a well-known one that, as neeroal for tho production of that vnlnable articlo of commerce, it is wholly usoless. This has been proved in tho Western States of America, where it is extexxsivcly cultivated, mid no doubt profitably so, for tho making of xxiolasscs. What is tho value of Mr. Holland's 'discovery' when here, and in every part of tho world, it has, practically, been proved to result in fniluro, as respects its mercaxxtilc character. He, I know, practically Operated upon this plant ns n sugar-producing ono at Port Macqnarie ; but he invariably failed. It is simply a costly curiosity, similar to what I have made from corn stalks. The plant, in question is truly n farmers' friend for focding cattle, and, in very romoto nnd distant localities, to tnnko molasses." I wonder whether tho farmers of Ynss nnd Wagga Wngga are about to refute this statement of J. S.'s, and vindicato tho merenntilo cliaractor of Imphec I After all tho lecturing nnd bothera tion 'tis to bo hoped they will. Beggars seem to ho as had in Melbourne ns in an Oriental city. "Baksheesh" is levied nndor many forms. The Daily Telegraph thus describos some of them : — "Beggars, of all sorts nnd nnd condition, from the gentoel writer of touching petitions, to tho sturdy invader of suburban thresholds alter dark; from "the brokon-down innn, who has seen bettor days, to the professional tramp ; from tho mother of a largo family, the head of which is a hopeless drunkard, to the penniless widow, also with a I, large family ; from tho stationary loafer to tho ! heedless wandorer on the ' wallaby track,' for | whom, at certain, intervals — notably in cold j wnntber — tbn city presents unusual attractions, and the Immigrants' Homo affords u precarious refupi. All these, with their Bntj-varieties, hnvo to live." Mind, this is in Melbonrne, the enpitnl of Victoria — that El Dorado, whither English landed proprietors direct the attention of tho working man. Snvo up your boor monoy, thoy toll him, and go, undor our auspices, and partinl help, to tho golden south and buy a homostead. If ho is foolod, ns many aro, nnd comes, ns an assisted immigrant, it is bnt to find an overstocked labour market, nnd nn orgnnisod systom of boggary similar to what ho loft behind him, and his saved beer monoy insufficient to mnko a yeoman of him. The Protectionist points with gusto to this result-, and suggests the stoppnge of immigration, as if that wonld cure alb Lo bodv in power Benms to see that centralisation is doing all tho mischief, that Melbonrno is in excess of tho proportion it ought to bear to tho colony of which it is tho metropolis, nnd that Victorian legislation (as in the neighbouring colonies) is practically in the hands of men who considor themselves rosponsibleto tho metropolis nlnno. Gun nccidonts seem to be on tho increase. If people will lot boys, who know nothing nbont tho naturo of gnnpowdor, or tho mechanism of a gun, go nbont the country shooting, why it's not surprising if tho boys got thoir brains blown out. The best wny would be to drill tho boys to a knowledgo of tho gun, so that they might have n soldierly rogard for it, nnd, by knowing tho nicety of its construction, bo in n position to use it with effect, and without danger to them selves. A law prohibiting the nso of firearms to boyB would soon bocomo n dead letter, whereas a measure onforcing their being drilled, wherever practicable, would help to stop larrikin- ism, ns woll as tho sad frequsnoy of melancholy nccidonts. There's a little consolation in knowing that the Anglo-Saxon isn't tho only race whoso presence is death to tribos possessed of a lower civilisation. Tho Russians aro envious of tho British, and seek to imitate them in many ways. The successful wny in which tho Anglo-Snxon has trampled out the Australian, nnd is trampling out tho Maori and tho Kafl'ro, has been on ono or two occnsions successfully plagiarised by tho , Russian. The latest nows on tho subject is as follows : — , " A lettor from Archnngelsk in tho Russian Exchaxxge Gazette nnnonnc.es the gradual extiuc- L tion of the race of tho Samojodes, who have boon reducod from a numerous pcoplo to an insignifi- 1 cant tribe of 7000 persons. This is ascribed by \- the correspondent to tho Samojedos having conic i in contnct_with superior races ; formerly thoy wero proprietors ot largo nereis oi rcmuuur, whilo now thoy have to work for tho Russians, who supply them with brandy and othor luxuries, which dnmornliso and impoverish thnm. Aof- wilhst-andixxg this, adds the correspondent, tne Samojedcs are not without abilities ; some of them have proved excollent men of business, and there is now a Samojedo ship-captain on tho White Sea who knows how to road and write, and speaks the Russian. Danish, Gorman, English, and French langunges. Tho Samojedos have no national songs or tradition, and if, as is all hut certain, tho race should djo out-, it would leave nothing behind it to recall its oxistonco." Tho lines I have italicised convey a trifle of sntiro. Tho Samojedo has abilities. So has tho Maori. So has the Australian, though in far loss degree. What of that? What have abilities to do with, tho mnttor ? Thoy aggravate it. Tho lamb had abilities, and tho wolf know it too, but notwithstanding gobblod up t-lio lamb, abilities nnd all. But of course that's only fable, you Yass, AngnBt 10th, 1871. A WRECKER. 