THE GUTENBERG. The ship Gutenberg left Hamburgh on the 16th December; went down the Elba and anchored at Cuxhaven ; weighed anchor on the 20th, and put to sea ; had squally weather till the end of December ; on the 1st January spoke the English ship Cherwell in 1st. 27 53, long. 22-24; on the 8th, spoke the Swedish ship William Ann, and the Iron King, an English vessel ; on the 10th, passed a Danish brig and a Norwegian barque, names unknown; on the 11th January, crossed the Line ; on the 19th, spoke the English vessel, Cœur de Lion, from London, bound for Adelaide ; passed several other vessels, but did not speak with them ; sailed as far south as 46 degrees; arrived off King's Island, Bass's Straits, on the 10th March, and anchored in Keppel Bay under Seaview Hill on the 24th instant. The weather was generally fine from the commencement of the new year throughout the voyage, and she had contrary winds only on the Australian coast. The Gutenberg brings a lot of immigrants, chiefly Scandinavians and Schleswig-Holsteiners. There are about thirty Germans and a few Swiss. She left Hamburgh with 220 emigrants, equal to 202 statute adults, and arrived in Keppel Bay with 198½ statute adults, there having been six deaths (four adults and two infants) and three births during the voyage. Three families (German), comprising about seventeen souls, are for Brishane-and the re- mainder of the immigrants are for Rockhampton. The Government steamer Mary left Rockhamp- ton on Saturday, at 2:30 p.m., with W. H. Wiseman, Esq., Sub-Immigration Agent, Dr. Salmond, Health Officer, Mr. Feez, agent of the vessel, Mr. Horn, and (through the courtesy of Mr. Wiseman, Immigration Commissioner) the representatives of the press, on board, and reached the Gutenberg shortly before eight p.m. The Health Officer put off in a boat, and went on board the Guten- berg, and after questioning the Doctor, and making a careful examination of his log, granted pratique, and the s. Mary then steamed along- side, and moored on to the ship for the night. Mr. Wiseman at once made the neces- sary arrangements with Captain Braren for mustering the immigrants early on the following morning, so as to bring them up to town by the afternoon's tide. At 7:30 a.m. on Sunday, Mr. Wiseman took his seat at a small table on the poop of the Gutenberg, and the immigrants were called up one by one in the order of their names on the Immigration Agent's roll,and each person was asked if there was any complaint against the Captain, the Surgeon, or any of the officers of the ship. Mr. Wiseman himself put the questions to those of the immigrants who could speak German, and Mr. Hom, jeweller of this town, who is a North Sleswig man, acted as interpreter for the Scandinavians. The most prompt and unreserved expressions of satisfac- tion as to the conduct of the ship's officers were given in every case but one-the complainant being the head of a family, who commenced thc voyage in the capacity of constable, but consider- ing himself aggrieved-so we are informed- because medical comforts were not served out. with that frequency and liberality which he had been led to expect, complained of thc surgeon's conduct, and was disrated as constable in conse- quence. The complaint, will of course be inquired into officially, but from what we could gather of the circumstances, we have but little doubt that it has been made in error. By half-past nine o'clock the roll had been called over, and all the immigrants destined for this port transferred to the s. Mary. The ship's papers were then all minutely examined, and the Sub-Commissioner, the Health Officer, and Mr. Feez, proceeded to inspect the ship in every part. The saloon was found to be roomy, and comfortably fitted up in the after-part of the ship, having sleeping apartments on each side, and two hospitals at the stern end. The deck is roomy and com- modious. The immigrants berths are 'tween decks. Those aft, in a rather crowded and imperfectly ventilated compartment, having been allotted to the single women ; next in order were the berths occupied by the families, and next again, the single men's quarters. These last were everything that could be desired-- very commodious, well lighted, and well ventilated. The result of the inspection was on the whole satisfactory, although in some re- spects there did not appear to have been that regard for sanitary measures which are required by law in all emigrant ships sailing from the British Isles. The Gutenberg is a smart-look- ing full-rigged iron ship. She was built at Newcastle, and purchased by the present owners in London. Her present voyage from Ham- burgh having been made in ninety-eight days, (from Cuxhaven in ninety-four days,) is a suf- ficient proof of her sailing qualities. We have made a classification of the immi- grants, and find the ship sailed with 45 adults, married, 120 single men, 19 single females, and 36 children, equal to 202 statute adults. There were six deaths on the passage-Olof Christoph Christensen, aged 33 ; Heinrich Otto Fohster, aged nine months ; Matilde Friedericke Peter- sen, 2 years ; Kaven Maria Beck, 38 years ; and Carl Friedrich Fohansen, 21 years (3 Danes, 1 Holsteiner, 1 Swede). The deaths in most cases were from chest diseases, the patients having left home for their health. There were four im- migrants suffering from chest complaints on the arrival of the vessel in Keppel Bay-two of those requiring to lay up for a time, have been sent to our hospital. There were three births during the voyage, so that the immigrants on reaching Keppel Bay in number were equal to 198½ statute adults. As three families are bound for Brisbane, the number brought up to Rockhampton was about 185. There was one death from typhus fever in the early part of the voyage, and there were no less than 22 cases of measles, most of which had developed them- selves before the ship left Hamburgh. There were no deaths from measles, and the last case was not later than 2nd February. The immi- grants consist chiefly of farm labourers and domestic servants (though the number of single women is not over 17). There are a few bricklayers, 1 mason, 1 cooper, 1 wheelwright, a few shoemakers, 1 saddler, and one or two tailors. They are a fine sturdy lot of people, and appear to have conducted themselves in an unexceptionable manner on board ship, as no complaints have been heard against them, and they speak well of the officers of the ship. They speak very highly of the captain especially, whose word appears to have been law. Dr. Strehz received a highly flattering address from the Scandinavian immigrants, expressing their entire satisfaction with his conduct (as well as that of all the officers of the ship), and especially acknowledging the kindness and humanity he had always shown to them, and to all the passengers, which in a great measure had contributed to the safe arrival at their port of destination. The doctor received an equally flattering recognition of his great care and attention towards the passengers, from the Germans on board, who took the opportunity to assure him that if he remained in their adopted Fatherland, they would do everything in their power to show him the respect they entertained for him. We refer to these addresses with the greatest satisfaction, more especially as we understand that Dr. Strehz intends to take up his residence amongst us. He is a German by birth, but has lived for some years in the Australian colonies, and in England, and speaks English fluently. His pro- fessional attention has been chiefly devoted to diseases of the eye. Captain Braren, who is a Dane, speaks English well, and there are a few of the immigrants who are not wanting in this highly necessary accomplishment. The greater number of them, however, have yet to learn our language, and on this account will find consider- able difficulty at first in procuring profitable employment. They were brought up from the Bay on Sunday afternoon, reaching the Railway Wharf shortly before four o'clock, and in half- an-hour were marched off to the depot. We understand that the principal part of the Gutenburg's cargo belongs to the Captain, who is prepared to dispose of it in the most advantageous market,, and is not required by the terms of his charter to go to Moreton Bay. Should he dispose of his cargo here, he will probably send the Bris- bane immigrants on by steamer. 