SHIPPING, ARRIVALS. Mabch 31 -City of Bnsbano, A S N Co's t, 504 tons, Captain F O Knight, fiotn Sydney, 28th ultimo Passenger« Mrs Dunsnmiro, Mrs Gibson and child, Miss Gibbon, Mrs Roy mond, Mia Auerbach, Miss Pollard, Miss Rhodes Me«sis J M'Arthur, J Gillespie, W Harper G Ciarlo, E Mac Donneil, J A Pol lard D Donovan J J Auerbaoh, E S Wigg, A W Blan,R Gorry James Conway, J Swan son, Cupt un iule, and 15 in tho steeiago March 31 -Queensland, A S N Co 's s , 2S7 tons, Captain W Smith, from Rockhampton, Glidstone, and Moiyborough Pa»seugei« Mrs Rokesby and child, Mcssis H Caldwell, Wilson, Dugald L ttle, W Ross, G H Now man, A C1 oyne, 0 G Noiris, P Brcnnnn, and 23 m the steerage CLEARANCES March 31 -Oberlin, brig, 203 tons, Captain H Smidt, for Newcastle, in ballast Mai i h 31-Ella Gladstone, bug, 225 tons, Oaptn.n J Wal«h, for Newcastle in ballast Passengers Mr G Wilson, Mis Bland, Misses Bland (3), Masters Bland (3) IMPORTS Queensland s , from Northern Poits 1 bog pepper, ASK Company , 2 package«, Peikins and Co , 1 parcel, Mi s Casey 3 bundles bu.»», N Han op, 1 ca«e, Medlin! «t and Bradford, 32 biles wool G Raff und Co , 1 saw, W Pettigiew , 1 case cheose 1 bundle bags E Bennison, 1 pal col, G Slater, 1 tiuss, ».cott Drw«on, and Stewart, 1 big, Mrs Barry, 2 case» 3 hide«, 2 casks tallow, J and G Hams, 3 packnsc«, Mis Connolly G packages Stewuit and Hemmant, 1 box, lelegiapu Oflico, 1 pai eel, Begistriu Gonei al, 1 parcel, Miss E Poiers, 1 boat, Teinott, 1 ca«e, Steele, 1 butt wine, 1 bale wool, Older City of Brisbane, s , from Sydney 36 coils lastime, 52 packages, J und G Hams , 3 puck age«, 1 Gru} , S ti mik« boot«, G pnekngos, 2 bales loathe!, J Hunter, 6 packages, L Bon die, 4 cases Bowicg machines, é anchor«, 12 cart boxes, 4 package«, Perry Brotheis , 5 ca«es Tuincy, Isles, and Co 1 case, Biookes mid To lei , 50 bogs flour, Young Brothers, 150 bnfs 100 quarter bogs iloui, E Goertz and Co , 1 pai eel, Meteorological Ohseivator} , 1 parcel 2 ca«e«, 1 packoge pipe«, Prentice, 250 bag« flour, Brabant and Co , 1 ease fruit, Raymond , 4 kegs nails, J Petrie, 2 packuges, A Jones, 1 eise, Rongei Waller , 1 packoge, F Beattio , 31 eases finit, Williams 2 rollers, 3 packages machinery, P IS Russell and Co , 56 bogs .onions li ci«es fruit, F Bennison , 1 pací age Ofimes and Petty , 106 packages drapery, Peatt, Daw«on, and Stiwait, 20 bugs onions, 00 bags potatoes 10 kegs butt«, 20 ca«es fruit, J Gibbins, 4 kegs buttei, Batker and Co , 1 legs butter, 4 bags barky, Hutchins nndCo , 2 cti'es mutches, 1 parcel, W Cook, 1 saddle, Re- - Barton, 1 package opium, 10 half che t« tea, 3 poekases Ah Chow, 200 casca tam« 1 cases dried fruits, 1 parcel, G Raff and Co , 1 cuse seeds, Older , 1 box, Roegenkamp, 5 packages, Crompton , 3 bales, W ebster, 1 parcel, M Wold, 17 cases fruit, Knowles, 2 ca«e« cheese, 2 etiscs ling 5 kegs butter, M Hu"hes , 6 packages 14 hags potatoe«, Stores, ¿3 co«es fruit, W Blaekfoid 117 cases «ar«a parilla, 1 parcel, Armour, Woodward, and Co , 1 package leather, Bolger, 1 hogshead black oil, 1 utlei Brothers, 5 keg» buttei, J und J Burns , 1 case, 1 parcel, G Slatei , S packages 2 packages tobacco, S Benjamin and Co , 1 case L Zieman and Co , 1 parcel, Grculio and Muir , 12 ca es fruit, b Scow en , 12 kegs buttei, T Unmuek, 5 package«, 6 kegs nail H O'Reilly, 37 cases fruit, 1 cases jams, S bags onions, W Widdop, 1 drums soda, Clerke, Hodgson, and Co , 1 ca«e, C Davis, 1 ca«e, E Goujard, 1 eaBe, H Morwitch , 19 coses claret, Orr and Honeyman , 1 eaBe brooms, Berens, Ranmger, and Co , 2 bales leather, J. Chesney, 2 ca«es, Stewart and Hem mont, 23 packages, D L Brown aad Co , 2 parcels, Shepperson 2 parcels, JW Barnett, 20 cases fruit, P Leaves 33 cites fruit, J Beech , 1 package H Cordell, 1 case, Butler B-others , 1 ease, FlavclloErotherBandRobertB, 10 coses salad oil, 3 coila rope, 1 package, A R Jones , 5 kegs butter, Cahill and Hughes , Tor Ipswich 11 packages boots, Greenham, M Farlane, and Co , 3 packages, 41 packages hoots, Cribb and Foote, 4 bundles pota, 3 packages, Davis, Hams, and Co , 1 parcel, Morgan, 3 packages, MandeUhon and Co , 3 com shellers, H StophenBond Co , à packages, R Davidson, 31 bags seed, G Clarke , 1 pump, 1 saw, 1 bale, W B Tooth, 2 bales, J Becker, 1 package, A Davidson , 2 case«, Merri and Co , 2 package«, G H Wilson and Co , 10 chests 5 half chests 5 boxes tea, J lait, 3 case«, S Benjamin and Co , 4 corn shellers, 2 co«es choirs, D and J Benjamin and Co , 1 case F A Powell, 1 packages tobacco, 2 packages, H Spiro , 4 packages, J Pettigrew, 1 bundle, R t Aland , 1 parcel, Pryde , 9 cases fruit, 32 bags potatoes, 3 bags onions 1 case, G Cameron Irswicn Steamves -The Ipswich, fi om tho A S N Co 's wharf, at G o'clock, and the Ellen, from Raff's wharf, this morning The City of Brisbane, o, will leave foi Sydney at half pnst 4 o'clock, this afternoon We have iccei\ed intimation of the sailing of the brig Chanticleer, from Adelaide for Bus bano, with a cargo of Duflleld's flour She left on March 21 The borque Beatuco from Bnsbano aimed at IN ew castle, on March 2b The Queensland, s, left Rockhampton on Tuesday last, nt 12 noon, armed in Gladstono at midnignt, and left again at 1 a m on Wed ne-day , arrived at Muiyboiough at S a m on Thursday, and left uguin at 12 noon , crossed Wide Bay Bar at 5 25 p ¡ii the same day, and ai lived at Bnsbano at G a m ou luda^ Fresh S E gales prevailed as fura» Maiyboiough, und theneo sho had light vonablo winds with dull cloudy weather and showeis Iho City of Brisbane, s, cleared Sydney Heads on Tuesday, at 6 pm She bad stiong noith east and northerly winda with generally fine weather during the passage Rounded Capo Moreton on Fiiday, at 7 15 am, und anchored off tho Rnor Bar for tide at 10 30 a in , arriving at the company's whuif at 5pm the same day Tho steamer Lady Young was passed on Wednesday, at 1 p m , off tho Seal Rods The lost package of inward cargo on board the Salamander was put ovci the sido early on Tmusday morning-the vessel having completed the discharge of her entire loading, umouiifmg to 1000 tons of dead weight and measurement good«, in lc«s thon twelve and a half working days The ship reported ut the Cu«lora Iioubc on Thursday, Mardi J, und on Monday, tho 13th, the hatches wore opened Die disehai 'e wes continued until Frida}, the 17th JUxt day she \ as towed into the river, but owing to the want of lighters did not difch irge anwkii u farther until Wednesday, the 22nd, since when there ha\e been no interruptions, ctcept the 2Gth, which was on Sunday Die whole of this work wo should mention has been done by tho ship's own crow, and without the aid of steam power for bouting Both officers und men deserve credit for the promptitude displu}cd On Monday the first batch of her outw ard cur^o will bo dispatched to her Tho engagements up to the present comprise 1500 bales wool 300 hides, 158 casks tallow, 35,000 feet cedar, 40 tons bon» dust, 40 tons horns, hoofs, und bone« 5000 tieenaiis, and 100 (ona cotton seed AU the dead weight, and fully two thirds of the other portions of the cargo, aro in Brisbane waiting shipment, so thut her loading is a mero question of stowage Mr Boardman, the ship wright, has undertaken to supply tho no« musts required, which aro to be built of yellow wood As soon as the vessel haB a Bufheient quantity of dead weight to stiffen hor, the piesent faulty masts will bo taken out and tho new ones sub stituted From the rato at which tlio work is now progressing, thore is no reason to anticipate dclm from that cause The following information is from Noosa :— The Adventure, ketch, and Titania, schooner, arrived at Laguna Bay from Brisbane, on the 23rd instant, being freighted by Messrs Luya and Co (with machinery, &c.;, for the saw mill, we understand). The former came over the bar on Saturday, and anchored in the river, but the Titania unfortunately went ashore on the north beach about half a mile to the northward of the bar. The wind was very light—almost a calm. The cargo is being landed at low tide, and there is every probability of the vessel being floated soon. It is probable, we hear that there will be an inquiry into the stranding of the Titania, there certainly should be, we think, for it is clear that the opponents of the Noosa route will make the most of this mishap.— Gympie Times, March 29. The Gutenberg.—The ship Gutenberg left Hamburgh on the 16th December ; went down the Elbe and anchored at Cuxhaven ; weighed anchor on the 20th and put to sea , had squally weather till the end of December ; on the 1st January spoke the English ship Cherwell in latitude 27.53, longitude 22.24 ; on the 8th spoke the Swedish ship William Ann, and the Iron King an English vessel ; on the 10th passed a Danish brig and a Norwegian barque, names unknown , on the 11th January crossed the Line ; on the 19th spoke the English vessel Cœur de Lion, from London bound foirAdelaide ; passed several other vessels, but did not speak with them ; sailed as far south as 46 degrees ; arrived off King's Island, Bass' Straits, on the 10th March, and anchored in Keppel Bay, under Seaview Hill, on the 24th instant. The weather was generally fine from the commencement of the new year throughout the voyage and she had contrary winds only on the Australian coast. The Gutenberg bring a lot of immigrants, chiefly Scandinavians and Schleswig-Holsteiners. There are about thirty Germans, and a few Swiss. She left Hamburgh with 220 emigrants, equal to 202 statute adults, and arrived in Keppel Bay with 198½ statute adults, there having been six deaths (four adults and two infants) and three births during the voyage. Three familiess (German) comprising about seventeen souls, are for Brisbane—and the re- mainder of the immigrants are for Rockhamp- ton. The Government steamer Mary left Rockhampton on Saturday March 25, at 2.30 p.m., with W.H. Wiseman Esq., Sub-Immi- gration Agent, Dr. Salmond, Health Officer, Mr. Feez, agent of the vessel, Mr. Horn, and (through the courtesy of Mr. Wiseman, Immi- gration Commissioner) the representatives of the Press, on board, and reached the Gutenberg shortlv before 8 p.m. The Health Officer put off in a boat, and went on board the Gutenberg, and after questioning the Doctor, and making a careful examination of his log, granted pratique, and the steamer Mary then steamed alongside and made fast to the ship for the night. Mr. Wiseman at once made the necessary arrangement with Captain Braren for mustering the immigrants early on the following morning, so as to bring them up to town by the after- noon's tide. At 7.30 a.m. on Sunday, Mr. Wise- man took his seat at a small table on the poop of the Gutenberg, and the immigrants were called up one by one in the order of their names on the Immigration Agent's roll, and each per- son was asked if there was any complaint against the captain, the surgeon, or any of the officers of the ship. Mr Wiseman himself put the questions to those of the immigrants who could speak German, and Mr Horn, jeweller of this town, who is a North Schleswig man, acted as interpreter for the Scandinavians. The most prompt and unreserved expressions of satisfac- tion as to the conduct of the ship's officers were given in every case but one. By half past 9 o'clock the roll had been called over, and all the immigrants destined for this port transferred to the steamer Mary. The ship's papers were then all minutely examined and the Sub Commis- sioner, the Health Officer, and Mr. Feez pro- ceeded to inspect the ship in every part. The saloon was found to be roomy and comfortably fitted up in the after part of the ship, having sleeping apartments on each side, and two hos- pitals at the stern end. The deck is roomy and commodious. The immigrants' berths are 'tween decks. Those aft, in a rather crowded and imperfectly ventilated compartment, having been allotted to the single women ; next were the berths occupied by the families, and next the single men's quarters. These last were every- thing that could be desired—very commodious, well-lighted, and well-ventilated. The result of the inspection was on the whole satisfactory, although in some respects there did not appear to have been that regard for sanitary measures which are required by law in all emigrant ships sailing from the British Isles. The Gutenberg is a smart looking full-rigged iron ship. She was built at Newcastle, and purchased by the present owners in London. Her present voy- age from Hamburgh having been made in ninety- eight days (from Cuxhaven in ninety-four days), is a sufficient proof of her sailing qualities. We have made a classification of the immigrants, and find the ship sailed with 15 adults, married, 120 single men, 19 single females, and 36 chil- dren equal to 202 statute adults. There were six deaths on the passage—Olof Christoph Chris- tensen aged 33 ; Heinrich Otto Fohster, aged nine months ; Matilde Friedericke Petersen, 2 years , Kaven Maria Beck, 38 years ; and Carl Friedrich Fohansen, 21 years (3 Danes, 1 Hol- steiner, 1 Swede). The deaths in most cases were from chest diseases, the patients having left home for their health. There were four im- migrants suffering from chest complaints on the arrival of the vessel in Keppel Bay—two of these requiring to lay up for a time, have been sent to our hospital. There were three births during the voyage, so that the immigrants on reaching Keppel Bay in number were equal to 198½ statute adults. As three families are bound for Busbane, the number brought up to Rockhampton was about 185. There was one death from typhus fever in the early part of the voyage, and there were no less than 22 cases of measles, most of which had developed them- selves before the ship left Hamburgh. There were no deaths from measles, and the last case was not later than 2nd February. The immi- grants consist chiefly of farm laborers and domestic servants (though the number of single women is not over 17). There are a few bricklayers, 1 mason, 1 cooper, 1 wheelwright, a few shoemakers, 1 saddler, and one or two tailors. They are a fine sturdy lot of people, and appear to have conducted themselves in an unexceptionable manner on board ship, as no complaints have been heard against them, and they speak well of the officers of the ship. They speak very highly of the captain especially, whose word appears to have been law. Dr. Streliz received a highly flattering address from the immigrants, expressing their entire satisfac- tion with his conduct (as well as that of all the officers of the ship), and especially acknowledg- ing the kindness und humanity he had always shown to them, and to all the passengers, which in a great measure had contributed to the safe arrival at their port of destination. The greater number of them, however have yet to learn our language, and on this account will find consider- able difficulty at first in procuring profitable em- ployment. They were brought up from the Bay on Sunday afternoon, reaching the Railway wharf shortly before 4 o'clock, and in half-an-hour hour were marched off to the depot. We un- derstand that the principal part of the Guten- berg's cargo belongs to the captain, who is prepared to dispose of it in the most advan- tageous market, and is not required by the terms of his charter to go to Moreton Bay. Should he dispose of his cargo here, he will probably send the Brisbane immigrants on by steamer.— Rockhampton Bulletin, March 28. SHIP MAILS Mails «ill be mudo up and closed at the Genera! Post oflice as under - lorNcw/oalaud pertheCitv of Bnsbano, s For nowspupcr«, ut A p m , and for registered and other lettora, at 3 ¿0 p m , on Saturdai (this da\\) v 1 or the Australian Colonies, por the City of Brisbinc s lor nowspapers, ut 3 p ni , for rcfcistcrod letters, at3d0p m , for ordinary letters, at 3 30 p m , and for late fee letters at 1pm, on Suturduy (this day) hor Maryborough Gladstone Rockhampton and Afnckai, ] er tho Queensland s i or regis tercd letters, at 1 pin, for nowspapera at 5 30 p m , for oidmury lottors, at G p m , und for late feo lottors, at 0 30 p m , on lucsdiiv nexf_ [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH j CapeMobeton -Arrivals March31 Queens land s, fiom Rockhampton, at 1 30 a m , City of Brisbane, s , from Sydney, at 7 5 a m -Iho ship Humboldt was at anchor to tho northward of (be Capo this morning at daylight At 7 a m she got undcrweigh and worked for (ho cast. Tho Adieu was in sight this morning to the S E , j boating to the south Lyitox -March 31 Tho City of Bnsbano, s , passed up the river at 3 45 p ra GiVDbTOSE- Armai Mnroh 31 Lady Bowon,* s , from Maryborough-Doparturo March 31 Lady'Bowen, s , for Rockhampton, at S a m Rockhampton - Arnvals March 31 Annie, Bchoonei, from Hobart low n , Lady Bo« en, s , from Gladstone Keppel Bay -March 31 The Lady Bowen, s , passed into the nvei tit 110 p m ¡ und a schooner, supposed to bo the Hunnah Bloom field, from Adolotdo, entoied tho Buy at 1 25 pin Tho bal quo Leonidas, put to bou at 1 a m , bound for Maryborough. Sr Lawjixno]> -Anival March 31 lmoaee, ss, ftom Mackay TouiisULLt:-Airival March 31 Lady Bowen, ship, from Hongkong SiDNir - Arnvils Marou 30 Maltha Ellon, sohooiior, und Venturo, bug, from the Bn-nott River, Balclutha, ss, fram Rockhampton - Departmo March 30 Blackbird, ss, for Bns bane and Rockhampton 