o ; I AND E,1ERAL. S e ieing evet oftlie month has, " coue, n thearrival of our new Gover \- , th he b' pleasume caused by his adeent : w iecossderaMy marre by a vey y erious aicident which bhppened to the Marchioness Sog Norrpapnby dunpg thie passage from Sydney. 'his Excellency, the Marchioness, a~id suith left Sydney by H.M.S.8. Clio on the llth ultimo, and on\he following morn id'g, A heavy gale having blown throughout the gght, her ladyship was thrown from her berth, through the rolling of the ship, and S btaindtI asev eeinjnries to her bead and face. ofgl??L Tad. Normanhby is rapidly recover io egfatdi appbintment of many of t jIdsesl tse mnetropolis she is not suffici ently convalescent' to have yet appeared in p"bl? . r His Excellency has during the short time he-has been amongst us, made' a few s.:hortlexcursions, and has visited some of the ai p .bliocinstitetions of the colony, a tour of a pA'tV-Which he contos~platee immediately l pDsw.'pBwhichas not yet been' honoured •* . i.i,-bu ipectj ag one on Thub day next, and is fully prepared to give a loyal and hespitable reception to Her Majesty's repre sentative. An account of his Excellency's landing, &c.;, appears in another column. The testimonial in honour of his late Excel lency Colon-l Blackall is at length about to assume a definite form-at least as far as Ipswivh is concerned. About £100 had been subscribedin this district, and it was recently determined to close the list and decide as to the disposition of the fund. Several pro posals were made at the first meeting held, and after considerable discussion it was thought advisable to adjourn for a fortnight to give the subscribers time to think the matter over. At the adjourned meeting, held on Wednesday last (a report of which appears elsewhere), it was definitely settled that a clock should be erected at the School of Arts -a building which might more appropriately be called the Town-Hall of Ipswich. We cannot express much satisfactioon at the monument decided upon, though it has the recommendation of being useful; but we have no right to eomplain,--it was a matter for the cousideration of the subscribers, and there fore we bos-to their decision. Another member of the Legislative Council, ai;d rery old'colonist, the Hen. St. George R. Gore, has been removed by death during the monah. The deceased gentleman had resided on the Darling Downs for thirty years, and was much respected byall classes. An obitu ary:notice will be' found in another column. SOn.the 10th ultimo a meeting for the pur pose of winding up the affairs of the French Relief Fund was held at St. Mlary's School house, when the Very Rev. Dean Brun-him self a. Frencbhsan-occupied the chair. The total amount subscribed in Ipswich'and the neigblourhood was shown to have been £179 4s., of.which. £1t60 had already been forwarded to the Bishop of Nimes, some very interesting correspondence between whom and Dean Brun was made public. The expenses had been something under £9, and thp balance £10 6s.-will be remitted by the outgoing mail. The contribution is a very handsome one for a district like this, and will compare favourably with that made by many a more wealtby community. Ipswich and West Moreton count amongst their ~ilhabituints a large number of gentlemen who hail from "north of the Tweed," and they have very properly determined that auld acquaintance shall 'not be forgot; so we are to.have a Caledonian Society, which will pro bably before ting"' astonish the natives" with a little stone-putting, heavy- hammer-throw ing, and other favourite Scottish games. Queenslana is at present entertaining a distingnished literary guest in the person of Mr. 'Aithony Trollope the novelist. He has very wisely choseh the cooler portion of the year for visiting the tropical and semi-tropical parts of Australia, and he will doubtless find Sydney and. Melbourne quite warm enough when he retui;ne to them by-and-bye. When last 'be~r of Mr. Trollbpe was at Bockbamip. frdp,.where he ,wai being Ited..' Before going north he passed through Ipswich, on his way to the Dowis, to which he paid a very flying visit. ' Amusements of various kinds have been plentiful in Ipswich during the month. First we had a vocal and instrumental concert given by Mr. Alfred Wilkie, which was succeeded by an entertainmentoftamlair-malmse-tuefi-iT -orstll atr?YaitSbbOoels. Next a diorama of the American war was exhibited at the School of Arts on seven different occasions, on each of which the large 'room was crowded. A promenwae concert by the Volunteer Band on Monday last.closes our list. In a few days we expect a, visit from the famous Chinese giant, Chang, who is to be accompanied by "UM ." Kin ~oo?. .The return match between the Brisbane and Ipswicb football clubs was played in Ipswich on Saturday last, when the local club achieved a signal victory, having kicked two goals, their adversaries not having succeeded in scoring. The play was excellent, on both sides, and the game was an interesting one particularly so to the Ipswich people,of whom there was a large 'epncourse on the. ground. We reproduce elsewhere a full report of the match,.whihk ive shpuld state is the' first won .by our men. A large number of German and Danish im- migrants arrived early in the month by the Friedeborg from Hamburg, some 150 of whom were sent up to Ipswich. As they were a fine strong lot of people, they met with no trouble in obtaining employment, and were all drafted off into the country in three or four days. The work of tree-planking has been com menced OnLimestone Hilland in other parts of tle town,.and but for the fact that the municipal exchequer is somewhat tow would doubtless be carried on upon an extensive scale. However, we must congratulate the Council upon having made a beginning. The Circuit Court has held its sittings in Ipswich .during the month, but none of the cases tried possessed any interest for home readers. 