THE EMIGRATION REPORT. PRINTED copies of this report were received by the mail from London last week, and we have obtained one of them, which we give in full On inquiry at the Colonial Secretary's office, we are informed that the original docu ment is not yet received from Mr. Douglas, and that the report cannot therefore be presented to Parliament, and through it to the public, in the usual manner. Queensland GoTernment Offices, 32, Charing Cross, March 1,1871. Sir, —I beg to Bubmit to you a report of my proceedings as Agent-General for Queensland during the year 1870. Having arrived in England on the 9>h of December, 1869, I commenced my duties by informing myself on all matters of detail con nected with the Queensland Government Emi gration-office as conducted at No. 2, Old Broad street. Mr. Wheeler has acted as clerk in charge of the London office since January, 1863; and since December 31st, 1866, he has been in sole charge of all business connected with emigration to Queensland. His long ex perience and perfect acquaintance with the duties of the office and with the general subject of emigration, coupled with the readiness he showed to supply me with information on all matters of detail, enabled me to enter upon an examination of the system with some confidence. The state of the books and of the official records satisfied me that the management of these had been in admirable hands, and further experience has caused me to regret, in the interests of emigration to Queensland, that any change was made as regards the administration of the office by a gentleman who appears to me to have very justly enjoyed the confidence of the Govern ment. On the 31st of December I caused notices to be served on Messrs. James Baines and Co., and on Messrs. Mackay, Son, and Co., that in six months from that date the contract made with them in 1864 by the Government of Queensland would terminate. In doing so I acted under legal advice, and my action in this matter ap pears to have been in consonance with the views of the Govemmet.t, as I subsequently received instructions in accordance with the course which I had taken. During the interval between the Ist of January and the 30th of June, all the shipping arrangements were conducted according to existing use and "on a scale little in excess of previous instructions." Finding that the premises .at No. 2, Old Broad-street, were held subject to a quarter's notice, and deeming that they were not suitable for the more general business of the Queensland Agency, which I wsb justified in believing I should be called on to discha-ge, I rented a set of offices at 32, Charing Cross, on a first floor, nearly opposite the Admiralty. The offices at Old Broad-street consisted of one room divided by a partition, and being situated on a third floor were not bo accessible as tboße now occu- ' pied, which are in proximity to the Government offices at Westminster, and to the offices of most of the other colonial age:its. They are thus centrally and conveniently situated, and consist of four rooms, one of which not being required has been sublet. The lease is for three years, at a rental of £260 a year, and it contains a clause under which two of the rooms can be sublet if the whole of them are not required. I entered into occupation of these offices on the 20th of January, at a coat of £125 for removal, fittings, and additional furniture required. _ Daring the first three months of the year I visited several of the principal cities of England, Ireland, and Scotland, and formed the ac quaintance of some of the provincial agents through whom the business of this offioe has been conducted. The emigration question was at that time attracting a good deal of public attention, and I thus had excellent opportuni ties of forming my own opinion from various sources of information. Acting on thii infor mation, and having regard to what 1 considered of the highest importance—namely, the con tinuity of administration—l determined to make as few changes as possible, and in framing fresh instructions for the country agents I was careful to depart as little as possible from those regulations which were then in force, and which were the result of some considerable experience. With this view, I continued to give effect to the existing practice by offering assisted pas sages to single men at £4 instead of at £8, as specified in the schedule, to the Acts both of 1864 and 1869. It had been the cußtom ever since the end of 1863 to grant a free passage for every assisted passenger booked by an agent. This practice continued in force till the end of 1866, and when Mr. Wheeler received instruo tions to resume emigration in 1868, the Govern ment sanctioned a uniform and invariable rate of £4, without granting any free passage's for single men. In this way the cost of a passage to Queensland was placed nearly on a par with that of Canada or the United States, though the latter still retained the advantage of a much shorter passage. This usage, sanctioned by the Government, worked satisfactorily as re garded the receipts of this office, H3 well as in securing a steady supply of this class of emi grants. It appeared to me to be expedient to depart as little as possible from previous in structions, and I therefore drew the attention of the Government to this when I submitted to their attention the regulations I had adopted. A " Handbook for Emigrants to Queensland" was compileJ, embodying the latest facts, ab stracted from the official statistics, and was distributed gratuitously ; additional forms and a large amount of fresh printed matter applic able to the new Act were provided, and in this manner I had hoped that the best means had been adopted for effecting a transfer from the operation of the old Act without-sacrificing the leading features of the new Act, which I under stood to be—lst, the issue of non-transferable land-orders, and 2udly, the security afforded for the repayment of advances. During the first six months of the year, 1173 adult emigrants were dispatched—a number by no means in excess of what appeared to be the demand ; and I was informed by competent judges here that they were quite equal in quality to any which have left England for Australia. As special exception has been taken to the cost of the first three ship 9 dispatched by me, I beg to submit a statement showing the average cost per head. This average is by no means an un favorable one, considering the large number of single women who received free passages. Early in May I ratified an agreement nego tiated by the agent for German emigration with Messrs. L. Knorr and Co., of Hamburgh ; and I beg here to refer you to the report from Mr. Kirchner, which accompanies this. It is almost superfluous for me to remark that the war be tween Fnnee and Germany ha 9 rendered it most difficult for him to discharge his duties with effect. I hare rendered Mr. Kirchner every assistance in my power, and have endea vored to uke care that all the precautions adopted under our system, which have been the result of long experience, should as nearly as possible be applied iv the caae of our German emigrants. In July I was informed by the Government that my action in retaining the scale of assisted rates for sirgle men at £4 could not be sus tained. It became my duty, therefore, to give literal effect to tho Act. The adoption of the advanced rates at once affected the receipts of the office, nnd in addition to the restriction of free passages to single women only, rendered it more difficult to obtain a regular 6upply for ships at stated periods. The contract with James Baines and Co., and Macliay, Son, and Co , having terminated with the dispatch of the Royal Dane for Rockhimp ton, it be aiue necessary for ice to make fresh arrangements for tho dispatch of aueeeeiinir ships. In the meantime I had ni been advised of any remittances, nor had I as yet been authorised to draw on the Govern ment for part payment of such shipments. I themoreconsideredthat I should best consult the interest and the credit of the Government by endeavoring to make some special arrangements without going into the open market by calling for tenders tor each shipment, as suggested by an Executive Minute of the 10th February, re ceived on the 16th of May. The ordinary con dition in calling for tenders for the conveyance of emigrants is rhat the first moiety should be paid in cash. I was not in a position to comply with this condition. After correspondence, therefore, with Meiers. Mackay, Sod, and Co., of the nature of which yon are aware, and to ' which I need not farther refer, I arranged for the dispatch of two more ships, one for Bris bane and the other for Bockhampton, at £13 17s. 6d. and £14 12b. 6d. per statute adult , respectively, instead of at £15.and £16, as under the previous contract. I also obtained further advantages in the remission of a com mission of 15s. per head previously paid upon all full-paying steerage passengers, as well as in a further reduction of the rate for full-paying passengers. In August I went to the Western Highlands of Scotland, in consequence of information I had received that a considerable number of eligible and hardy emigrants might be obtained from Islay and Skye ; and I then entered into a provisional arrangement with Messrs. Aitkin and Lilburn for the dispatch of one of their j " Ben" line of clippers from the Clyde in No vember. By granting a certain number of free passages I have no doubt that I could have ob tained a very fair shipment of excellent people from the Islands; but while taking steps for , this purpose I was instructed by telegram to grant no more free passages, and I was at the | same time informed that my laud-order war- i rants would not be recognised. Under these I circumstances I felt that I had no other alter- , native but to abandon my efforts in this direc- : tion, and I at once returned to London without further loss of time. The further alterations rendered necessary by the operations of the Act being restricted to granting only assisted passages to agricultural laborers and other eligible persons from the country districts, added to the increased diffi culty in obtaining domestic female servants, who were at that time and still are in demand for New South Wales, Victoria, and Now Zea land, rendered it impossible for me to fill ships at regular intervals, and I therefore found it necessary to postpone the departure of both the Light Brigade md the Star Que.n, which last ship left on the 21st December. I beg here to request your attention to the tabular returns accompanying this report. The reports of the surgeon- superintendents as to the social and sanitary condition of the emigrants under their charge have been on the whole satisfactory. I am not yet in possession of those referring to the Light Brigade and the Star Queen. In those referring to the five ships reported on, testimony is given in each case to the general good understanding which has existed between the surgeon-superin tendents and the captains and officers in the employment of the shipping contractors. The cordial co operation of the surgeons and officers is one of the most important elements of suc cess in maintaining order and discipline, and in promoting the general comfort and happiness of all on board during the tedium of the long voyage to Australia. The provisioning and the general arrangements appear to have met with your approval, and suggested improvements have been attended to. During the year a re vised list of medicines approved by the Immi gration Board at Brisbane has been adopted. The rule which has been established that the hospitals shall be on deck, together with the special attention of the medical officers to the cleanliness of the several com partments, have contributed greatly to reduce the mortality, which has reached the remarkably low rate of 1 per cent. This loss has been met by a corresponding number of births in the English ships. In the one German ship which has been reported on, the mortality was equal to I' 6 per cent., reduced by births during the voyage to 1 per cent. The receipts for this year on emigration account have been £5473 3s. Bd. The expen diture on account of the same, including all office expenses, salaries, printing, advertising, legal, country agencies, and travelling expenses, has been £4218 Bs. 9d., thus showing a credit to the office of £1254 14s. lid., subject to a further deduction of £410 14s. 3d., on account of the German agency. The Savings Banks Regulations hare been brought into operation for the convenience of emigrants wishing to avail themselves of such a means of remitting money ts Queensland. Be tween the 30th of May and the 31st of Decem ber £1836 was placed to the oredit of 28 depositors. An extensive correspondence has been carried on. The number of letters received has been 9227- The necessary replies, together with the circulation of a large mass of printed matter, including the issue of 3854 forms of application, have involved a large amount of clerical labor. The general business conducted by me as agent for the Government in London has had reference to telegraph matters, to the legal claims against Sir Charles Fox and Son, to correspondence connected with the International Exhibition of 1871, and to some minor matters connected with contracts for Government sup plies. I need not refer further to the negotia tions which I conducted with the British and Australian Telegraph Company, a3 roost of the correspondence has been laid before Parliament. In reference to the claims against Sir Charles Fox and Son, I may remark that the caee sub mitted by Messrs. Ingle, Cooper, and Holmes for counsel's opinion, was drawn up from infor mation compiled by myself from official records which were supplied to me from your office be fore I left Brisbane, without which I could not have taken any effectual steps to carry out my instructions to obtain a legal opinion. I think it well to take this opportunity of stating that it is very important that the officer in charge of the Queensland Government business in this country should be supplied with all documents and maps published by the Government print ing-office. The conduct of the future proceed ings in the case of Sir C. Fox and Son will rest with Messrs. Julyan and Sargeauut, the Crown Agents for the colonies, to whom I have handed over all the official documents conneoted with it. I have at the same time informed those gentlemen that I shall be very willing to anord them any assistance which my knowledge of the subject may enable me to place at their disposal. At an earlier period of the year I had handed, over to the Crown agents, in accordance with your instructions, some orders which had been entrusted to me by your predecessor in office, and which were in course of execution. You I will not feel surprised, I think, when I express a hope that my resignation, which was for warded to you in December, may be accepted without delay. Wuila very willing to place my best services and my deliberate judgment at the disposal of the administration, I am unwilling to j undertake any service without the reward of re- I ciprocal confidence, aud in the face of instruc- j tions which from first to last have placed me in ! a false position. I muse beg to reserve any justification I may have to offer until lam relieved from my official duties. I have endeavored during my short tenure of office to act up to the spirit in which I accepted my appointment, as the representative in England of the Government of oue of tho self-governing i colonies of Auetralia, and while not shrinking | from the responsibilities connected with such an office, I am not conscious that I have assumed authority in any matters which did not rightly attach to me.—l have the honor to be, Sir, ' your most obedient servant, j J. DOUGLAS. To the Honorable the Colonial Secretary. Returx of Passengers by the Indus, Young : Australia, and Flying Cloud, being the first | three ship* dispatched under the Emigration j Act of 1869, and referred to in the Hon. the ; Tre surer'a Financial Statement for 1870 :— '■ Assisted, 390.'. ; free, 335 ; remittance, 62£ ; 1 full payers, 183 : total, 932. . : Cost to Government for these three ship?, not ; including gratuities payable in the colony, ■ j £12,323 ; amount received from assisted, remit- j 1 tan.'c, and free passenjr.'rs, £2734 14?. 6d. ;*cost ! ; to Government, £9538 15s. 6d. j i Average coat of 794 adults, assisted, free, and : remittance, per adult, £12 Is. 6d. ' I Averasu cost of 952 adults, including full , j payers per adult, £•) 15s. 3d. , ! Amount of undertakings to repay within 12 : and 24 months, £G372. j ; SHIPS dispatched under tho direction of the Agent-General during the year IS7O. From England. Total souls Planet 199 Indus 477 Young Australia 238 . Flying Cloud 388 J Royal Dane ... ... ... 500 t Light Brigade 389 i Star Queen 222 I Total 2413 i From Hamburg. Humboldt ... 342 Beichstag 330 Gutenberg 226 Total souls 3311 1465fc adults hare proceeded in the above ships to Brisbane, and 1496± adults to the Northern Ports. This is excJusive of those pro ceeding by " short ships " toJßrisbane. 1870. Pabsengbbs of all descriptions, who have proceeded direct from the United Kingdom, including those in " Short Ships." > Occupations of assisted, free, and remittance passengers. Not including > married females. | Domestic servants, 515; farm laborers, 431; | carpenters, > 93; blacksmiths, 32; bricklayers, I 24; grooms, 24 r gardeners, 23 ; > tinsmiths, 23 ; i engineers, 13; miners, 13; shepherds, 12; wheelwrights, > 10; coopers, 8; painters, *1 ; butchers, 6; curriers, 5; masons, 4; school* > masters, 3; shoemakers, 3 ; others, 24. Rkpobt 07 the Emigration Agbnt 70s > Gkb- MAKT. Frankfort-on-Mayn, February 13,1871. 1\. I arrived in Europe on > the sth February, 1870\. The first four months I wus occupied in > establishing agencies in different parts of Ger many, and overcoming > difficulties raised by the .German Government against the emigration to > Queensland. 2\. In May I proposed to you the acceptance of Messrs. Louis > Knorr and Co.'s offer for con veyance of my emigrants to Queensland, and you > concluded an agreement with them for 1200 adults, at the rate of £13 10s. > for every adult emigrant landed in the colony. 3\. By the commencement of > July I had al ready more than 1000 applicants for free pas sages, and I > dispatched tho Humboldt on the 14th July with 302 free, assisted, and paying > paßsen gers. 4\. The breaking out of the war, a few days subsequently, > prevented me from shipping the remaining applicants. A law was passed pro > hibiting the emigration of male Germans be tween 16 and 45 years old. 5\. In > August last you instructed me to pro cure, if possible, Danish and > Scandinavian emi grants, and to start three more vessels before the close of > the season. 6\. I established, therefore, four principal agencies in Denmark > and Scandinavia, with numerous sub-agents throughout these countries. 7\. On > the 10th November I dispatched the ship Beichstag with 292 free and assisted > pas sengers for Maryborough, most of them Scandi navians, and h few Germans > and Swiss. 8\. On the 14th December the Gutenberg sailed with 202 free, > assisted, and paying pas sengers for Gladstone or Eeppel Bay, to order ; > consisting mostly of Scandinavians, some Swiss, and a few Germans. Frost > setting in shortly afterwards shut up the navigation of the Elbe, and > prevented further shipments. 9\. In order to ship the remaining German > emigrants to whom passages were promised before the outbreak of the war, the > agreement with Messrs. Louis Knorr and Co. was extended —viz., 1000 adult > emigrants to be forwarded during this year. 10\. I hope to dispatoh the > first vessel this season on the 15th March, with about 300 . emigrants for > Maryborough, and the second, a month after, with a similar number for Bris > bane j the emigrants by the former vessel will consist mostly of > Scandinavians, but I hope that the conclusion of peace will enable me to for > ward larger numbers of Germans by the second vessel. 11\. I expect that the > losses and sacrifices caused by the war will cause an extensive emi gration > movement in Germamy as soon as the restrictions thereto will be removed, and > I shall do my best to bring forward the claims of Queensland, in order to > induoe. some of our small capitalists to settle there. 12\. Many other > countries, however, are striv ing to attract Continental Emigration by > liberal concessions and facilities. The United States, with a short and > cheap passage, give large grants of land and free railway passes into the > interior; the Brazil Government advance passages and rations during the > first six months of arrival; but perhaps the most liberal conditions are > made to emigran' s for the Argentine Provinces, and I enclose herewith > particulars of one of these Ger man settlements which proved very > successful. 13\. similar settlements might be formed in Queensland, where, > by growing cotton and sugar, even more favorable results might be obtained. > 14\. I believe small capitalists might be attracted by advancing their > passages, on their showing that they are in possession of at least £25 for > every adult in the family ; —on arrival, they would have to be allowed to > select and settle on their land (without entering into ser vice for two > years, as stipulated by the Act) ; but the legal possession of their land > not to be given until the repayment, within two years, of the advances made. > 15\. I b*eg to remark, at the same time, that almost invariably the > emigrants who receive advanced passages prefer to repay their passages > within the first year ; and single men receiving £25 per annum can, well > afford to do bo. May I request that they are allowed to reduce their time of > service to one year, by repaying their passage within that period ? 16\. I > am very hopeful that my German emi grants will, under proper control not > make de fault in repaying their passages, as they teem here to lay great > etre9s on the grant of land. I trust, therefore, that the German emigration > will thus prove Belf-supporting ; and in order to ascertain this fact, I > request that separate ac counts may be kept in the colony of English and > German emigration. 17\. I find that very few single female servants from > Germany can bo induced to emigrate to | Queensland. Large numbers of very > useful do mestic servants could be procured from Sweden and Denmark if the > deposit of £1 per head could be remitted. The rates of wageß these . women > receive varies from three to four shillings per month, and as they have to > pay out of that J for their dress, they cannot possibly save twenty ] > shillings. Female servants are so much in i demand in Germany, that many of > these Swedish | girls are employed there. 18\. I called your attention last > month to the probability that the rates of freight and pas sages would rise > considerably in the course of this year, owing to the scarcity of > provisions, the ensuing demand for money, and the increase of emigration > after conclusion of war, and as I Messrs. Louis Knorr and Co. are under > offer, j until the 30th June next, for 2000 emigrants ; more under present > conditions, with an addi tion of 10s. per head —viz., £14, I would strongly > urge, if emigration is to be continued, I to close with this offer, and in > doing bo, I do j not consider it necessary to fix the time within which > these emigrants have to be forwarded, but to start them entirely at our > convenience. 19\. Should the German emigration, after the : present contract > with Louis Knorr and Co. for i 1000 adults, be continued, I request that in > . structionß will be given to me not later than ■ October. The autumn is the > moat favorable ! time to engage emigrauts; they have then the whole winter > to realise their land and ether property, and will be ready to leave in > spring. ■ 20. Under the uncertainty of tho continuance I of my agency here, > I have not renewed the lease | of my office in this city ; in the meantime, > Mr. '- 11. A. Saatu, my head agent, has kindly allowed i me to make use of > his offices. With the ex ■ ception of the periodical assistance of Messrs. 1 > Horvritz and Co.'s clerks, luring the dispatch of a vessel in Hamburg, I > have done all office-work , myself, but I found it very heavy, particularly > ■ the accumulated correspondence on returning I from travelling. Wa. > Kiechneb, Agent for Emigration from Germany. The GEBJTAy Settlements ix the > Argen tine CONTEDEKATIOK. Bince the last ten years eight different seitle j > menta have been made by Germans and Swiss j on the River Plate, and they > have all proved t successful. One of these settlements, at San I Carlos > Rosario, Province Santa Fe, was origi- I nated about 1860 by a Swiss > Colonisation So i ciety, under the management of Messrs. Beck and Herzog, of Basel. In consideration of the society introducing 200 families, the Argentine Government gave a free grant of land often geographical square miles. It was estimated that the sum of £30 per adult was necessary to pay for the passages, agricultural implements, tools, and live stock, and four months' provisions. The Company advanced to deserving and useful families two thirds of that amount, or £20, by giving them passages and value in live stock, &c;, under the following conditions:— Eaoh family received 33 hectares of land, 4 bullocks, 2 horses, 2 pigs, and 2 cows, for which the emigrants, under penalty of losing their land, had to cultivate 7 to 8 hectares the first, 12 to 14 hectares the second, and 16 to 17 hec tares the third year. One-third part of the crops was to be delivered yearly to the Com pany, which allowed the market price for the same, until all advances and interests were paid off. In 1865, already all settlers at San Carlos had cleared off their advances and made additional land purchases from the Company. In 1870 the settlement numbered 329 families, with 1653 soule, and the value of their produce mostly maize, wheat, barley, and potatoes, was esti mated in that year at £75,000. An English settlement near San Carlos was established last year, but proved a failure; the intending settlers, consisting mostly of young gentlemen, were totally unfit for such an under taking. To show the importance of the continental emigration to the Argentine Confederation, I state the following numbers: in 1867, 17,046 souls arrived; in 1868, 29,234; and in 1869, 37,934. I have tried, but unsuccessfully as yet, to direct the attention of capitalists to the forma tion of similar colonisation companies in Queens land. The German and Swiss naturally take a greater interest in countries where they carry on a trade, and the loans of which are raised on the Continent; therefore, in order to create a similar interest for Queensland, a direct intercourse and trade ought to be fostered, and whenever the colony may require another loan, a portion of it ought to be offered on the Con tinental money markets, where at least the same price as in London would be realised. (Signed) Wm. Kxrchnbb. Frankfort-on-Mayn, 13th February, 1871. Ldults ... Children, 1 to 12 ... infants ... Fatal Boula rou as- Payers. sisted. 486 696 108 187 16 37 610 920 Free. 717 46 33 796 Kemit- Unce. 168 29 4 201 Total, 2067 370 90 2527 