L WEEKLY REGISTER. Scarlatlea is continuing to Fprcad in the western por tion of the Western province of Otngo, New Zealand. A turtle weighing 7cwt has been caught in ColBa's Bay, in South Australia. Mr. Shenton, the editor of the Perth Gatette, in Western Australia, ia dead. The Melbourne Anglers Society have succeeded in fW Itnplifih nPMh into tllfi TTdDCFTl BFTS* The German Club in Adelaide are organising a peaee j demonstration. Advices have been received by tho mail ofBales of some Soath Australian flax at a satisfactory price. Three young aspirants for bushrangin? honours were lately captured near Tankcrooka by the Wilcaimia and Bourke police on -a charge of horsestealing.' A man named Witlierington, the mate of the Mar garet Chessel, has been iqurdered by the natives at Aurora Island. On Sunday last, a -man named Joseph Wright met his death by drowning in the Urara River, while in a state of intoxication. Mr. W. C. Clements, formerly town surveyor of ? Singletcjn, has been ?appointed in a similar capacity by the municipal council of llockh&mpton.; The Sydney Sugar-refining Company hav# altered their tariff, reducing the price of all classes, 'no mark,' and crystals L2 Der ton. A Danish immigrant, named Peterson, committed suicide at the One-mile, Gyinpic, on the llth instant, by hanging himself. The child of Mrs. Richard Howell lately fell into a well at Oxley Island, near Redbank, on the Manning Kiver, and Aas drowned. Judge Cope has decided, at Ballarat, that a banker has a lien over bills left by a client at the bank for collection and not discounted. A country paper states that Mr. Garrett has been offered tbe Commissionership of Railways, and that he will probably accept the office. The Rev. Mr. Hopkins is to replace the Rev, Mr Corner, as Wesleyan minister at Tenterfield, and is daily expected. ' 1 lie tmrrcCBXn UUIIUUI piuugiilllg uiatuii m WIIIUW. tion with the Hunter River Agricultural nnd Horticul tural Association took place on the 13th instant. On the 5th instant, a man named Henry Palpey was drowned through falling out of a boat on the Richmond T River. Prince DietrichBtein of Nicolsburgr, Count Mensdorff Pouilly, first cousin of Queen Victoria, died at Prague » on 14th February, after a short illness. 5 An old Victorian, Mr. Ernest Alexander Clendining j Schalch, has just been appointed Attorney- General for \- Jamaica. The body of a man with one arm was found at the beach near Glenelg in South Australia, on the 14th instant. It has not yet been identified. The Eev. Mr. Simon, Congregational Minister in London, has declined the pastorate of btowe unurcn, Adelaide, A man in Victoria has been fined 40s with oosts, for ejecting a Census collector from his house in a very unceremonious manner. The amount of Customs duties collected last quarter j: was £212,564 13s 4d, an increase of £27,318 19s 5d on the corresponding portion of 1870. A specimen, containing 801b of solid gold, valued at L3000, bas been unearthed from tbe Caledonian mine, at the Thames, New Zealand. On tbe 13th instant tbe Rev. Canon King delivered, in St. Andrew's School-room a 'lecture on the 'Rev. i E. B. Elliott's exposition of tbe Apocalypse.' The anniversary of the Hay-street Wesleyan Sunday school was celebrated on Monday last, in the Hay-street Church, by a tea and public meet ing. The new road from Sydney to Wollongong, which shortens the route to about foity-seven miles, is nearly completed. On the 5th instant, a man named Henry Palpey, was drowned in the Clarence River by falling out of a boat in which he was returning to tho shore. At a meeting of the parishioners of St. John's Church, Newcastle, held on Monday last, Messrs. Bolton and Langley were elected lay representatives of the Synod. With the exception of Good Friday, and half a day on Easter Monday, the tunnels of the Waratah colliery, near Newcastle, have been worked constantly. A meeting of tho Newcastle Jockey Club was held on Tuesday evening, and the prospects of the forthcoming meeting were spoken of in the most sanguine manner. On tho 14th instant, a fire occurred at Mr. Field fiouse s property, on we L*aK0 uiacquarie-roaa, near Newcastle, but it was put out without much damage being done to the buildings. SCatteea Gledbill Antcy, paymaster, R.N., of H.M.S. Challenger, died on board that ship on tho voyage to England, on January 2Stb, 1871, after an illness of some duration. At Penrith tbe usual Easter Tuesday meetings were held at St. Stephen's and St, Mary's, when satisfactory balance-sheets were produced, and wardens for the ensiling year were appointed. It is contemplated to make considerable alterations in tbe basis of the Society of Arts, both in regard to its name, and also the scope of its operations in cooncction with the Sydney School of Design. On the Upper Williams, maize is most abundant, and promises to be of fine quality. Some early crops bave been gathered, but the bulk is late, owing to a rather unfavourable planting season. A contractor named Thomas Morffew, while on his way from Ballarat to the Ararat-road, to pay the men working there, was stuck up by 1 70 armed men and robbed of L453. The Kev. Henry Wiles, of the WeBleyan ministry, lately stationed at Wagga Wagga, was presented with an address and a purse containing L4B, prior to his removal to bis present eharge at Ashfield. A smart shock of an eartbqnake occurred at Canter bury, jn New Zealand, on tbe 28th March. It was nre ceded by a low rumbling noise, and tbe direction was from north to goiith. Captain John Henry, one of the firet pilots of Port Phillip, and an old colonist, died suddenly at the resi dence of his step-son, Mr. Pilot M'Queen, Williamstown, on the 13th instant. A certain Lunatic Asylum in New Zealand, which has recently been insured, is described' in the policy of insurances as a building' constructed of wood and iron, and at present occupied by the Provincial Government. The consumption of breadstuff's in the Auckland market is estimated by a local paper at 147 tons per week, xne returns ot imports ana 01 local productions for the year 1870, are taken as a basis of calculation. A letter, found in a deserted hut some seventy miles from Wellington, in South Australia, signed 'James Coughlan, late 50th Regiment,' has led to tbe supposition that the writer bas perished in the bush. A Northern paper says, the reason why Sir James Martin shows a partially for torpedoes in the defence of Port Jackson is, that bis legal training has led him to prefer 'hoisters ' to shells. The Northern Argus states that ftli effort u Doing made to form a company to test tbe viltle t( & copper ore discovery recently made on Hoyle's Plains, in ooutn Australia. Intelligence bas been received from Fiji that a great hurricane had visited tbe place, destroying the crops and a number of houses. Two vessels were wrecked, and others were much damaged. It is stated that Mr. R. B. Smith, the member for the Hastings, has entered an action against Mr. Horace Dean, proprietor of the Manning River News, for libel ; the damages being laid at L2000. Some tin tarred rope made from New Zealand flax cleansed by Stead's process, was lately tried on board the ship Dragon, when loading at London for Adelaide, with a very satisfactory result. Mr.. Irwin, a broken- down squatter, who left Adelaide four years ago, is now a district attorney in +-1 p State of A tl nn tfl United Stated, with thn tifcln nf Honorable. The warden of the South Australian gold-fields has sent in bis usual quarterly report, which is not of so favourable a character as the discoveries recently brought to light had led many to expect. English larks are so common in Nelson, New Zealand, that they are being netted for tbe purpose of sending to other settlements in New Zealand. The London and hedge sparrow are also said to be common. The station at Tapio, on the Darling, has changed hands, the east run having been purchased by Mr. Brooke, and the west by Mr. J. D. Cudmore, both at satisfactory prices. The mercantile community1 at'' Adelaide are endea Tnnrinp to Tlprpn n rip flip Onvprampnfc +.n rpdncj* ilia telegraphic charge for ten words between Adelaide and the port to sixpence. The brother of the dramatic author, the late Mr. T. W. Robertson, a juvenile actor of some prominence in London, Mr. Shafto Robertson, will arrive in the colony about tbe end of May. The body of a widow named Bridget Barry, about forty-nine years of age, was fonnd floating in the harbour at the Victoria Wharf on Monday morning last. At the inquest an open verdict was returned. The Bev. Mr. Schcfield, Congregational bush missionary, bas been thrown from his horse near Goganyo, in the Rockhampton district, and his recovery Stt mnndpreil Tirm»lau The la teat_ reliable quotations for cepper are the fol lowing received at Adelaide : — Wallaroo Company's telegram, 18th March. CoppeT, L74 ; ore, 14s. Mar ket steady. At the annual vestry meeting of St. Matthew's Church, Albury, the subjedt of shortening the length of tbe morning service was broached by on* ef the Mnlm. | the tellerof tbe branch Bank of New South WateD, Tamworth, has been oommitted for trial for embez zling moneys belonging to the bank. Bail was tendered ajad accepted. The Primitive Methodist Church in Kti&t-street;, which has been for some time dosed, was reopened on Sunday last, service being conducted morning and evening by the Rev. G. James. The artificial cultivation of oysters has been com menced at Georges tawn at the moufch of the lliver Tamar, Tasmania. When will it be in Port Jackson !| A meeting of the parishioners of Woolloomooloo took place in St. Peter's Church on the llth instant, and the balance-sheet showed that during the past year, tbe total receipts from the weekly offertory and volun j. ? ? * ? ? I O* tri The Lords of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on the appeal of Sales v. Montefiore, from the Supreme Court of New South Wales, on the 21st January last, humbly advised her Majesty that the appeal should be dismissed witJi costs. Steps are being taken by a number of gentlemen in Christohurch, New^Zealand, to foim a company for the manufacture of the coarser qualities ? of paper from flax tow. The capital required will be £10,000, and it is proposed to get it supplied in L10 shares. On Saturday last a fire broke out on the premises of Mr. Alfred Cane, schoolmaster, in Stanley-street, Woolloomooloo, and it was not extinguished by the inmates of the house until a considerable quantity of furniture had been destroyed. The National Society for tbe aid of the sick and wounded in tbe Franco-Prussian war, bave acknow ledged the receipt of L84 from the Hunter's Hill com mittee ; that amount being the proceeds of an enter tainment given at that place about five months ago. A very serious accident befell Mr. James Mitchell, . , , IT' 1 , ? n..J Ua MMinv tne nuiiaer at -uraua, vu \jruuu xiiiLaj. home, when his horse fell and rolled over him, causing , some serious internal injuries. The last accounts state that Mr. Mitchell is fast recovering. The works at the new wharf on the south side of the Yarra, at Melbourne, are now at a complete stand still, and appear to be going from bad to worse, owing to the combined effects of tho instability of the lower strata and tbe recent heavy rains. Tbe diseased meat which has occasioned sickness in several families in Adelaide, is found to be some mut ton which is supposed to bave become injurious through the sheen eating poisonous herbs. A good deal of uneasiness exists in reference to this matter. The Kapunda Copper Company, in South Australia has now become a public company under the Limited Liability Act. The capital has been increased, and the rent hitherto paid has been considerably lowered, now standing at £350 per annum. A correspondent of the Upper Hunter Courier, writing lrom iacone, says mat a iiuuiuei ui preuiuua stones have been found in that distiict, and are in the possession of a gentleman in Scone ; two of them are fine rubies. Early on Monday morning, 27th ultimo, a fire took place on the premises of Mr. Comans, of the Bee-hive Hotel, Combaning, by which a stack of hay and a shed were destroyed. It is supposed that the fire was the act of an incendiary. Four stages of life, says tbe Geelong Advertiser, were represented in the work of one of our Protestant clergymen on one day lately. He had to officiate at a marriage, christen an infant, visit a person on a bed of sicKness, ana attena a iunerai. A heavy thunderstorn broke over Brisbane on the 12th instant, and was attended by very heavy rain. And a very vivid flash of lightning struck a young man named Michael Whelan, in Fortitude Valley, and killed him and his horse. The increased demand for tonnage in Adelaide arising from the exportation of wheat has had the effect of supplying the port with no inconsiderable quantity of building stone, every vessel from Helbourne furnishing her ballast for that purpose. The Argus, in a leader strongly recommendatory of the narrow gauge, says that if it had been adopted when the North-Eastern line was planned, the L9.200 a mile might bave been cut down to between L5000 and £.uuuu, witnout any sacrince vi tuicienc y. On the 12th instant bis Excellency the Adminis trator of the Government, proceeded in State from Government House to the Legislative Chambers, at Brisbane, to open the second session of the Fifth j Parliament of Queensland. The first anniversary of tho induction of the Rev. J. S. Muir to the pastoral charge of St. Peter's Presbyterian Church, North Shore, was celebrated on Tuesday evening last by a well-attended tea and public meeting. | The stonework of the main building of tbe new I Post-office is finished, and tbe carpenters are employed upon the roof. The back premises are slated ; and a large portion of tho scaffolding of the main building has been taken down. That the prevalence of small-pox in Europe has given rise to a stringent enforcement of the sanitary laws in Melbourne, is instanced by the fact that at the Williamstown court the master of the Natal Star was fined L15 and costs for omitting to heave-to for the health officer at the Heads. A murder committed seventeen yearB ago, near Colac, in Victoria, has just been discovered. Accord ing to tbe evidence, one Geary murdered one Tom Brookhouse, and Mrs. Geary is committed as accessary after the crime. She impeaches her husband, and is likely to be used as evidence against him. Some excitement has lately been caused at Moonta, in pouin Australia. Two cmldren wandered lrom their home on Monday morning and got lost in the bush ; as soon as it was known 100 miners turned out, and after searching all night fouud the lost ones at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning sleeping in the burnt scrub. Important alterations are to be made in the manage ment of the Sydney Exchange, and Mr. C. H. Hayes, who has long been manager at Greville and Company's Commercial Rooms, has been appointed to superintend the arrangements, Mr, J. E, EbBWorth continues as the secretary. The Victorian Parliament is to meet for the despatch of business on the 25th instant. Some interest is being evinced as to the gentleman who will he chosen Speaker of the new Assembly. The names of Mr. Daffy, Captain M'Mahon, and Colonel Champ, for merly Premier of Tasmania, have been spoken of. Riverina is being visited by Bwarms of rats from the back country — they are in everything and everywhere, and in sufficient quantities (had they been in Paris} to have enabled the French to hold on for another month ; there they would have been a god-Bend, but where they arc they are a pest and a nuisance. The Home News stateB that at the London office of The Argus in Cornhill is a specimen of pulp made from the stems and leaves of maize, grown on the banks of the Hunter River. The sample has been submitted to several eminent paper- makers, who are uuanimous in their expressions of approval of its usefulness and value. It appears from later telegrams tfcut tfee report of the | clustering expedition, ;rom Bome port in the United States was a canard of George Francis Train, whose vagaries in national matters are well known, and to whose deliverances on the sentiments of the people of the United States towards England but little attention is usually paid. The Food Journal for February, hu an article on 'Australian Wines,' by Mr. Phillips Bevan, F. R. G. 8., in which he states: — 'I am quite sure that, if the Australian growers in general would bestow more care in their selection of the soil, mode of culti vation, cellarage, and proper keeping, they bave the materials for a commerce in wine in this country which it will take time only to develope.' The first meeting of the Civil Service Co-operative Society (limited) took place on the 17th April, when i-U a mIab trtAi-A AAtinii) APA-) T 4* tnBs atat-AsI fUaf total number of shares taken up (out of the 4000) already amounted to 3323, which were held by. 757 shareholders. Of these 3323 shares taken up, there were 224 £1 shareholders, 131 £2 shareholders, 29 £3 ditto, 83 £4, 186 £5, 1 £6, 57 £10, 1 £12, and 45 £20. A deputation of cattle breeders waited upon the Minister for Lands on the 13th instant, praying him to cause to be destroyed the cow infected with the foot and-mouth disease, now in quarantine. The Minister replied that he did not feel justified, without the sanction of Parliament, in acceding to the owner's demand for L200 if the beast was destroyed, and he recommended the applicants to compensate the owner themselves. Last week, a new arrival from Molbourne, named Eeary, was foolish enough to ' spree' about town at night with L70 in bis pocket, and when be came to his senses in tho morning, found all bis money and jewellery gone. Two men, named Agnew and Kelly, have been charged with the robbery ; there was only evidenoe to establish a prima facie case against the latter, who has been committed for trial, while Agnew has been discharged. ' At a meeting of the proprietors and shareholders of the Australian Library and Literary Association, held on Wednesday, Professor Smith's resolution — 'That the sale of tho library building and land appurtenant thereunto to the Government of New South Wales be hereby approved and concurred in, and that the chair man, treasurer, and secretary be hereby authorized to I affix the seal of the corporation to the deed carrying out the same,' was carried. Qn the llth April, the second annual exhibition. unaer tne auspices oi ine ibh ruram ana Agri cultural Show Society, was held at Yass. There were sixty -three entries ef hones, fifty-nine of cattle, twenty six of sheep, six of dogs, ten of pigs, sixty-seven for agricultural produce, six for wines, thirty-nine for vegetables and fruits, one of agricultural implements, sixteen fer poultry, one for leather, and two for the president's (Dr. Campbell's) prise for the best model ef bush f easing, to be eattle and sheep precf. 