[?] [?] f Of tP'5tearitt#-»^6^Aw Into TfWril ttw colony ? * Jr^jA.t*b**iAM* «)r ?frv^rtj a*- Wow Ater _ mi^!'S^Ufc^it thi- retoni, Yrom fl»e Ldcn ;': fcimtt^lvVe' not'fisaeu received, tjut judging from the lirs^piMinyjet obtained bj the old represeuUtives, Mc^'ra Royds and Soot*,, ai the principal polling plaoe, then Untyjittl* ptobabOity that the milk ?nil-»-.*ter*gij»liau Mated by the Opposition party la hiai\ U Mr Lamb will resalt favorably to tho Bri&ace; mams. fating credit for the above elec torate, or the represeotitirea thereof, tlio Ministry I have eighteen supporters and the Opposition twelve. Of tile two elections which have yet to transpire, the Government stand a very good chance of obtain ing one, so that very little variation may be expected io the position of (MrtUs, and the G jvernmeut will go douu tu the House with a majority greater even than we fi.retold in our list Summary. A rumour has gained currency that Mr Pring, one of the champions of tiie groat Liberal cause and a repre sentative of tile city of Brisbane, will be pat forward * by the Government as their candidate for the Speaker's ahair. This secession would render addi tional streatitU to the Government, mid the position of parties would then be aa follows: — Miuisteriau'sts, 18; Opposition, II. It Los been said that Mr Pring would not 'dare' to accept the .appointment ; but oar own opinion is that there are not many ' political situations' to which tbe honorable and learned geatleman would net aspire. He has lieen qucstiouel on the subject, and his answers have certainly been of a very evasive character. He is no ifouht eouvinced that tiie prospects on tiie Oj-po aitiun siiJo nf the House are uot of a very encouraging nature, and that it is fur more comfortable aud satis factory to bask Oil the ' banks of the Government'1 t!iau to groan and mourn under tbe shadow of tbe Opposition. The salary is, to any the least of it, 'fat for a 1/arriuter,' tbe position one of consider able honor. Had colcnua] precedents are altogether iu his favor. A sontliern journal has not inaptly ob served — 'Oitr colonial political leaders have no policy saw that of number one ;' aud not mauy days ago the Premier of Sew South Wales, when tency, a&id; tbat he 'did not (eel himself Uuuii l-y Any policy that he had upheld when in opposition.' What the constituency of North Brisbane trill siy or do in tbe matter of Mr P/ ing's political flirtation is yuite another thing. As regards tbe elections decided during the past month, they have been few iu number but important iu results. The repre sentation of the Wanvgo passed to tbe (iovernment through the unexpected withdrawal of Mr Mil wroitii. The Opposition regarded him as one of their principal carls, acd looked for great assistance from his hands wlitkt playing the 'game of rail ways.' Suddenly, however, it was noised abroa 1 that tlic honorable gentleman had detected h:a part ners in the performance of a smart, but very old fashioned trick, and had thrown up his hand and his pirty 'in disgust;' and from the fact that Mr Buchanan baa been permitted to appropriate the honors of the electorate without any opposition, we may reasonably conclude tbat there was 'something in it.' The coutat for tbe Western Downs excited considerable interest throughout the whole of the Co1. :-ny, as it w«s here anticipated that the first great liberal victory would be won. Tub champion, bow ever, was not equal to the Us'i he had taken in Land ; the li.'bt was loosely fought ; the plan badly laid out ; and the -!(ivernmeitt forces, by a skilful Uti'venient «« the early part of the d.iy, compelled thj invader to retire from t!ic riield with— as tbe chroniclers have it—' considerable loss.' Tbe de feat has bee:- attributed by tbe 'party' to the ahuw O/f/if baHot, and 'liberal men' go cveu so far as tu assert that there is no protection in secret voting, And that the ballot for which tbe great reformers of England have fought for so lung and so well, and the pririleycs a( which are nair en near to tlieir gra6p, isunthiugmorethana delusion and asinrc. No matter hjw clusely and strongly the voter iniy hn slut lip with 'himself and his conscience' whilst exer ciaiug thn privileges of tiie franchisa, the ' w-ay' of the vote will and viiut be Inotrn. What Mr Glad stone and the reformers of England will think of this assertion we shall not attempt to predict. We refer to it only for the benefit of the iuespe rienced legislators of tbe Old World, that error and injustice at home may be avoided, and that the sad experience of the Great Liberal Party in Queensland m^y lie duly and properly rucurded. AtPortCiirtie ! tbe Premier won bs he pleaiod, his opponeut (Mr I Mclbonrne) obtaining only three votes in his own j city, Itoekhminton. This serious and strau^e fall- ] iiigoff was all the more noticeable from the faut lli.it wlieu Jlr Melbourne contested Eo-jkhatiipt.)ii \ Vith Mr Archer, oar present Agent- Ueueral, he I pulled a considerable number of votes. The old re prarantitiva for the Maranoa (Mr William Miles) met with a very strong and worthy opponent in the person of Mr Arthur Wienholt, the brother of the representative of the Western Downs. Mr Miles, M our readers are aware, is a thick and thin sup porter of the Brisbane party, and Mr Wienholt a follower nf the Premier. The contest was very (Ssvere, the old member winning in the finish by two Votes only. This was the light ot the season, the polling in the Leichhardt electorate tending to prove that the Unfortunate representative of the Opposi ? tian (Mrkainb) bad been led as a 'sheep to the slaughter.' In regard to the events to come, we consider Mr U'Devitt certain for the Kennedy, but We hava some donbU at to whether Mr Handy will again soccaed in obtaining the majority in the Mit chell We Should be very sorry to hear of his de feat, knowing bin to be a mild, inoffensive, and ; renBvering young man. He has performed the pU : grimage to the Jlitehell aot less than three times ;. ddtiugjdM Uattwelrs months, oanvassed the elec tarate, covered at least a thoMand miles tneach joamey^ .ccperienosd sore discomfort in the saddle, and grievww perils ia »n bask. Last of all, he is *a anther, a Bin ot deep thought, great ability, «ad littlt fl«eaey. His opponent is one of the '?hepfcett ktags,' a supporter ot the Government, *aaa £*&**&*& wealth, aad eaDBtqiiently a ; -. tel* to faJSsWedferths party of progress. Can he i 4aU»e|*iV; |.. fetlljit W%B(g»ih-»ff»-t«to»t- regard ^^ftTiljifljli Ar*Amr «*nioa. Mot many mm* :4%m** ****** «t *«-r»i ^ta. sssaBBWBsaMMs^BMWl'IBtfBB \'mm~\Vm .ssssaas w ^M^^BsssssHJs^fflMMWiSls»1iU»1W»i«wribsd sasssss»ssssssss^sa»^s^BasMiiiBtMBH|Qtf Wsfc im m'nji - '' sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssstSsss^H^^^e'^ (^(^pjs^s^s^^^BMpMiWstisiBssssssssssssssWWslsll^BsasssssslfiWsssaBBslsiMsBHMssMsBMIHIM »y MrljUfT hm Bit off tbe Bums erteosinn, \u irfedgedJiinjaeU to tirgs ths.im.me,!;^. - xtc-n. MdW S^ftrffina^afsBf to ejigjiK 6'fa Ok ?f^Sk^H *-*a ;tfUq0gjnJbt tows iff M Sj afAtiS ooi^iiAMm Aud cstly. Where U nu !.-al»t, hi irewar ,' that the lines referred to'&T; Mr Handy ' mitt be msdfl, and, providing tbi [} sidch ?-t^i«ion is wrapletod^e deep watcfc we dp not betters that; thp OoVefnment oppqsitiun Will be repeated in tJ«J se rt* session of* Parliament.- Mr Ramsay, has ex- ? or asek himself ' favorably to thin line nf railway, | bat HDf,nitn:mt«ly lio has emitted to state tli3 exact ! .jjje when .ha will :proaiptff its 'caustriic1i»a. It mi At to iu tiie next session ami it mv.-lit be iu ', isfoY but we hope to learn that it will not be de- j layed beyoud the present year. His Kxcellency the Marquis of Nomunby reao'icd j Mi.reton Bf.v on Friday, the llth Anyu^ and thu offlcial landing took place the fuilnmng day. Through ,i;i anfortunatc mbuuderstandin^ as to tie position of tha civic authorities in the 'xr.lvrof procession. ' tUe Mayor and aldermen of the city oF Brisbane -iid not take part in tbe cerc;uo;.;Cd con uected with ibe receptinu. His Excellency. hoHWur, was loudly cUeercd by [lie crowd assembled at the lauding \Ajlw, aud there were groans given fur tbe Government. The prisv» f'''i Sydney to BiisUvm was perforn:e 1 ia IIMS.S. ( :l io, and the vessel met with anui« very unplfasaut weather imiuediateiy after she had co.mujuoed her journey. The Mar- j chioness ha i u bi-vcre f -!i, causing isuch injuries aa ! ti prevent h.lr fn-in aco onipanyin^ tlu* -i»vvrnor to | Brisbane. Hi* Exaillciivy. o'i l.in.l::i^, piMceode-.l j to Goveiui'ic t H' use. after whir.h he was sworn in before tbe Chief Jn-t ee, and all things Loiu^ com- J pletcd h* iirotrtvleJ tojiddiv» the people who «eri- j oseeinlilcj our.iiilu. He expressed his gi.itilicatiu:i j at having been eho3?n b\ ihe Queun to rule over tbe [ youngest, bat still one nf the most promising dvpeit- j dences of t!)C Binpiro, mid sai-1 that lie sliould en- j deavon: bv eve! y nicuis in hie power t» micnurajie ! enterprisya:i-l to pn-n»-L« tiie ^ni-ral prispeiilv -?) I the colr.ny. He tt:it«l moreover thit he hid' for I ma -ry y.'.irs li«-cii dcsirmn of viuitiug tlie Australism | colonies Hb.'iit wli'.oh hi1 had heard so much athiinc. Tho address «?:« short and tu the pur|-iue. an.l at ; the conj':u-iou the Maujuunt mice went back toth^ , landiug place for the purpose ff lvturning to the ! Olio. ~«);i thi-frtll'«inp ThurMay Mis Kxcelloncy j heldili'VeeatlJoveriinics.t lloiue.andthcmuuioipal ' aatln'rit-:'' avuiled themselves ot the opportunity '; s&owiiij;,' crt'ffi-.poui;) ,i t.'n; city, il wu» i-jul'vi .1 ? civic de'nonstrjti ?:i, and too day mi ol'ooiv. -i ] as a L'eiii;ral holiday. Ad.Irt'Ssi-s nm- presented i y the Mayor and ».'.-i-]i.-rats.ni, the Total AbniiiK i: .'? . Society', ond the Uiocesau Synnd. Tbe replies i generally wore of the usual 'type, uut all of then; i expressed Itis Excellency'B gratiticntion at bcii.g ! apjioint.-d to the Governineut of Qur^-iislai-.d. iTi reply to the address of the corporation, the nobk Mari|ttia pointedly expressed his intention to ?? oli- i serve a strict iinpirtiality between nil parfiis.'' !t | is anticipated tbat His Kxcellency will take a trip j to til? Dovrus some time in the early jiirt nf the jire- ! sent mouth, and it is unnecessary here to observe j that he will experience such a reception in Too- ! woomba that he l.aa not yet uiet with in any of tiie ? Australian colonies. Toe 'good Gjvernor,' Col. Blackall, seems to be ! all bat forgofeu Notwithstanding the expressions . O! r.-=pect and esteem which were pronounced by all classes of the community at the tinir of bit decease, j there appears to be considerable difficulty in obtain- | {?-.' the funds required for the erection of a public i imvr.oml. With a view perhaps of closing the ? accounts with the old (Snvernor before beginning ] «? til the new, a portion of land surrounding (.'nloin.1 : i: iL-kall's crave was consecrated a few days Ik fore j t .e ai-1-iv.-.r of His I'sc^leney the Miirquis' o! Xoi- ' nujj.y. The [wr old Crinacl sl.tj;, ..i.yne iu his j ch- vun rotiiviilaco. t!i' lirisb.-.m-a.it:-.. vi-ics having ! aluLi.innoi the idi':i of ;v.riln«iiii; the tarrouudin ? la:i.; for tho pnri'.is- of a pul.Kc cenu terv. The co:i- ! fei'r:;ti.^u \r?s performed by t!ie Bishop 'of BiislMiif. ! not p.roi'' t'.ian a dozen prisons beiii^ present. Si: : I'l-TiM-.iiMiun visitors have been very numcr i Otis d'.iriiit! the ]ia«t ni'mth. On the day previous ; to the ...tlKialiwptiouof tlieMar4uisof S'oriiianliy. ! Mr Anthony Tmlli'pe arrived from Sydney in tin I steamship City of Brisbane. After a brief visit to ills Chief Justice, MrTr.illr.pe went to the Xoith, i and from our latest rlockuamptun exchanges we ! rind that he lias been ''knocking abjut the ditf \- g.nqs' with a vengeance — going down shafts, wash ! ing din. sup.Tiuti-udiiig crushiii^-H, aii.i aLtendiiio* . pul'ilic .iinnc-r;. A few days aiuru-ar.U we wi.ti: ;' honored with a visit from' Colonel t!i« Hon. W. | Fi-l.li»2, who has been (juietly but Lus-ily t-iif.'.'ifc'c-(l | tnkiiu stouli cf the colonies.' Cohnul i'iehling it i the representative nf the Colonibts' Aid Society, of j whioh His line the Ilukeof Maiu-h'.-su-r is Chair i man. His »liii.vt in \'isitiiig tiie Aiiftnili.m oolonies 1 is to look oi.t a home for some live nr six thousand lnemUere of the above Society, and for whom he is desirous to obtaiu a yrant of not lees th.in two hun dred mid lifty thousand acres of hind. He proposes, in fact, to found a new clrny on e«me of the waste I.ui.ls in the fur North. We apprehend, however, tint climatic influence will militate with the success of the colony, an I tbat the difficulties of settlement j will 1* iarj..ly increased should he determine upon taking his people awav from the settled districts of | the South, in order to preserve his theory of colo i uisation in the turrid regions of the North. I ONE of the most unsatisfactory results of unlimited immigration in that nur urban 'population is becom ing consideriMv mixed. The -Jerm^ns intermarry with the lOnplish, th« English with the Dauea, the Danes with the native-born Quccns'.audcrs, whilst the dusky sons of the southern seas and the bilious represent itivis of China and Japan occasionally take to themtelvci wive* and partners from among the aloptwl diinghtPi's of the land. The consequences are tli it in the course of a few generations it will be a very invidious and difficult task to decide as to which is th'i prevailing type among the population. The ek-ctiims have hcen attended with the usual exhibition cf newspaper strife. The leaders of the Opposition liavc not been choice iu their Unguage whilst dealing with the character of the Ministry, whilst a gentle oastigatioii has l«?en --ccaaion:illy ail ministere.1 to tire most prominent offenders through the medium of the press. Mr Lilley, smarting under one or more of these rebukes, has piven vent to his feelings by entering an action for libel against the fTaneici- Examiner and Queensland Timtt. The damages are estimated by the plaintiff at £3000 6s, which is not a very modest estimate, considering the circumstances. The arra-igcments for taking an account of the people have been completed, and the result will be known by the Registrar-General aWt the eud ot the inonth. but nothing yet has been said by the Premier with regard to additional mail services pro posed by Messrs [fall and Praser. We presume that the questions involved lias lieen set aside for the consideration of the Legislative Assembly, which will meet in the early part of October next. The annual exhibition of the iloytd Agricultural Society of Queensland took place at the Toowoomha Show Y'ards on Wednesday, the 9th August. The weather was everything that could be desired, the attendance unusually large, am! the exhibition of stock the finest that has ever taken place in Queens land. In a pecuniary sense the exhibition was # great success, and the town appeared tube crowded with visitors during the show week. The colonial history of the claimant to the Tich twirne baronetcy is not altogether favorable to the Wapcga Wsgfja butcher, anf several weighty argu ments have been advanced by the local journals bearing upon the improbability of a man of the de fendant's character and tastes being 'a gentleman born. ' A few days ago, however, it was reported in Melbourne that some of the men who had been picked «p at aea in the Bella's boat off the Brazilian «*tt bad tamed ap in Victoria, and that infonna «9h to thai effect had been forwarded to the plain «rs solicitor by the a«tttafl. The -case has been fWBgttaned tn many material points daring tiie last week, and It la wnndentiy stated by one rf the MelhraroeteBrnaU that Oieeapplementery evidence to U.for«hlr4* by tf«aeptemW™a^l exercise M^fcrikaMsaB tbe rasoft of the trial. Whether »h*yirsmihaTebiwnmMiuttaui(ilhytheJeWish *P»yuUtst» fnftgDd la the aaaagemeul ot the gjgNin. mm ifmiiwi toU tertsdly ttaaatMtor. ^* **»»: ftfaadin be broke Mt ia Albert u^.-»aVi.miii».«aga— .? ?aJfcasls^,^*— sss»^ —-i - i - .1 4 - .**? I Tbe snriden death of the Hon. 6t. Owrs&Ovn; ?ras wuioaaoed un 'Xburs.i*^. AojujtJ7th. The diwweJ ReaaeoiHO was a rewdeuC of «» VTarw!* dStriA ift.r upward* of t&Irly; yeans, »«t did not take a;iy nrn-nititst tuirt ia things political antir-after .Ses.«alJori. Hi- wmr^stntA i«t Wwwicka* tha -ii-Ht ^ntii-nl ek»tinn in 1830, and held uffiee as : PoxtiEUUttMrtacral in the Uacslister and Ufley Aiimiuislrations. Me was a contleman of adraaesf ihilitical views and a tine well -wiener to tiie colony. ?It bits been said ou many, occasions that be wjb tte tniiy pastJiKl |irnprie.tor' upon the UaHiug Downs wb- ha 1 m.t dabble-i iu duntinies or soiled, ius hauds in the traffic with n-m-tnuisferahle Und orders. He w.u tbe owoer of Bo Iu jjbi station near Waniict, w;w Ih.!ovcJ l-y lii« employee*, autl eiij'iye-1 the osn fH*:iee and reiqwet --f the residents of the surround ir.g disi riirt, His l.-rothiT was -in-* of those who ivere li-it in the l;uvcrei^n, nhicb waa wrecked ia t-ie s'.mth IV.sui^. Mmvt.ia Buy, in Msrch, 1847. AsoniEC iwcident occurred on the Southern asd Wottrn Railway on Saturday, l»th ult. It appears that when the d-ivn train from Toowooaiba Krriyed at a point abuut half way lietwevu (Jatton and t*id lev tic arlc of o:i-' of the carriages broke, at.d a special tn.in hn\ tj be sent up from Ipswich in opler to take douu the pisstaigeis. W« learn from A Lijiiffpoinieiit that tbe train could not be stopped until it hid gone fully half a mile from the spot where the acciiU-nt happened, and that some of the piisseugers were very much frightened. We are not surprised «t eucii a report, particularly when tile cimimslaiiciu of tbe case are taken into cou sidcr.it ion. This is the third broken axle within a very fair twk*. mn\ people are beginning to fancy r ; , l t t':erc is »:v:ntliin^ radically wrong ether with i th ? fi.U'.'iinl t'liiployid ill the construction of the c.iin.i^c3 o:' i.i the Mijiei'visiou of tbu roiling stock t-ini'.K'cli-d 'itii the iw.rkin^ ..f tiie railway. Wei avi'ivhcud t'j.it 'tiling will j;o on i.i the old ' j.'1'..-irr-11 tiiii.lt a bivak.iuwn ivcum to one of the il.:iist»ri:i! tmins diiriiij- ita pr'^ress down thu r.mnf. when pi-rliaiis ;i col.iaial tn-aaurur or sc.re tiry wiil bo nr-.o-l.-r. d amoiip; the v.-ctinm. Thca. it is f lw supiMsed. tho Mini«l..-r for Works will , jIti'ih himself wt-. and aukuowk- It'C tlint tlifre is I r .illv so:n thing wr.ina or something that reij'iirt-s J Cijn-.-'! !£!.-: I'.r.ri'^. w tl:c 'i'onw.innil-i jii.ii.;.;, met « fi ;. v. n- s.-.-uiia aoci.l.'iit wbil... :vlurnin- ; irom i).ik y ( rt.k on Tii»s.lay. Aiif-iist 1.1. It n;i | peaiu I'l.-ir \i!i. n u :lhin about uiybt mil.-a of 'loo : wo r.b'i the.onttaijleV Lorse l-iadv .1 sudden et.-irt. ihr, « iis ri '?'?-. *n I .!ri7^.-d biin {..:? h m,c consider- ! h'.V .';.-: v '.vil-'L't!M-i-..'.d ?rh.-nad.llefortnuat.-ly | y.. i I/-. I t . t':i: :-'.i.ii.i, ,-ii:d turninj; ov.-r to the sii'i- i i.l'i!'»tol t'l-il':M:1ii:mte pri« .ncr. T!l' i.orse m.idu . its nay to T'-nw.-.ii.bi, aud thus appi ii-wl die poli.e ; u-i dnn i;i ilu- town nf tli' aci-idvnt. A seatvb party ] »v»s iiiimu.'iiti'lv orgaui^eil, aud the wounded in i'i I found ou thertaiUideat the point above stated. On I .irriviiiL' in town it u.vi asLVrtaincd that although Mr I'aytoii ;,:i I siis'aine-1 very severe wounds uud I.niiaes al-oiil the dead, lie had tH'i]u-J without any ! dauperous in.iuni-x. We arc pieascii to iearu tli.it ! he is now doing well. I On Saturday, August l!Hb, a little boy, sou of Mr James r'innerty, of this town, experienced a very narrow escape from serious, if not fatal, inju ries. It appears that Mr Finiicity was cnyapeti in tb.- collection of qrewood. and bis son, seated ou one uf the shafts of the dray, was 'minding the horfey.'' Tlicy ha-l fC;iroi'ly succc.'rieJ jn ohL^iitirig a moderate load when the horses suddenly took fright, and bolted away at a furious rate iu the direction of KuascllstrLct. The buy maintained hU seat by clinging to the breeching of the shaft bor»e, and when his perilous position v.iis observed by the retideuts of l\ussell-6trcet the iiioit str.iiu nii! f ffjrts were used to arrest their progress, 'i' .e horses, however, passed rapidly down tie sLnct, aud ultimately caiui; into collision with tLc :ip proaeVs to the bridge., where the leader was forcud uv-.t the feiu-e, and tiie prngri-ss of the «haft-liorse tti-rcs'-cd l-v the shafts of the dray coming into col lision with the miptr rail of the fence. The lending horse fortunately obtained its liberty whilst per f- -lining the sniiimcisault over the bridge, and the bi.y esc.i|ie._i without a scratch or a bruise. Seven strapping young Swedes apptuiwl in the 1 custo.iv nt tue poiiee ou jkiomiay, August 'Stn. j charged wilh 'Inserting from the hired semen of Mr ! Wm. licit, of Weetbronk. It appeared that tbe j defen-lauts were engaged iu Sweden to r.ct as I ' waf.hr.Tn uf fhci-p ' un Mr Beit's station for the i term uf three months, at the rather unusual rate of I Cl per mouth. The men on arriving discovered that | the' bad undertaken a duty they did not under ; staiid. that inct.-ad of a Swedish or Danish (lock of I some six or ticlit hundred inviiniB they had engaged j to ' spoilt ' some hundreds of thousauds of Queene I \\\vA half-breds, and that at a price considerably I Ivtlow tin- general average ; that is to say, tho 'old | washers ' were in the habit of receiving 5s per day, : and tlu-y bail agreed to complete the job at 10s per week. A very intelligent and well educated youug man who nlso had been engaged for service as an overseer of ' Swedish laborers ' at the rate of £3 per inonth acted as interpreter on this occasion, | and discharged the duty in a very efficient manner. J fie bt;itc.i that tiie men complained of a want of I sufficient rations, but the truth was they were afraid | of the water, aud had been told that if they did sot go to work they would not receive any rations, accordingly they deserted the pool on Saturday last, aud uaudcrerl away to Toowoombs. The Beach, through the interpreter, explained to the incu that they could not get uut uf the bargain, aud that they must cither proceed at once to their duties or make up their n.inds for a short engagement in Her Majesty's gaol, at the expiration of which service they would again be called upon to fulfil their Xetncnt with Mr Beit. The men were not sed tbat the washing season would be very near its clobc in November next, and accordingly they resolved to 'face tbe water.' It will be in the recollection of our readers that the seizure nf a mob of 400 head of cattle travelling from Queensland was reported by a Walgett cor respondent, and that several of the cattle had been idcnlih'pd as the property of tbe Peel Hirer Com pany, although the station brands bad been in a great measure defaced. The names of the accused nartii.8 were withheld at the time, the charge being reported gtib judice, and the offender or offenders, waiting the arrival of Queensland wit nesses, under £800 bail. Another link in the story is supplied by the St. George correspondent of the DnVitj Herald, who, writing on the llthinst , says: —Thomas Jmnes Kkuthorp, of Cobbie station, has been committed to take hiB trial at tbe neit sittings of the District Court at Roma on tiie charge of stealing cattle belonging to the Peel Diver Coni Sany. Bail was refused. The trial lasted three ays, and caused a great sensation. Six magistrates were on the Bench, and Mr Blakeney, of Roma, prosecuted on behalf of the Peel River Company. His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Lieutenant Irwin Charles Maliug, 35th Ucgiment. to be His Excellency's private secretary ; and Charles Ridley Smith, Esq., to be His Excel lency's aide-de-camp. ON August 8th, intelligence was (says the Dolby Herald) received in town that Mr Darcy, of Gayu dab. bad been lost in the bash near Burrandnwan since the 26th ultimo, and that nothing had been beard of him. It appears that Mr Darcy, who is a well-to-do resident of Oayndah, came tn O.ilt.y to attend as a witness in a case tried at the District Court. Id company with Mr Steveuson, tiie liayn dah pnundkeeper, be left Dalby to return home a day or two after tbe nomination for Northern Downs, and when near Bnrrandowan he galloped off the road into the bush. As lie did not turn np after a reasonable time had «lapsed. a eparcli party was organised at Burrandowan, and a trooper was j despatched from Oayndah to assist. The search was continued until Tuesday last, up to which time th-! missing man had not been found, and it is feared that he has perished. Tbe search party found Hie unfortunate gentleman's horse, but no other trace of his whereabouts. It Is stater) that while in Dalby Mr Darcy indulged somewhat freely - in drink, and tbat he had not quite recovered from \ its effects at Hie time of his disappearance. j Toe following ease, taken from tbe police news j of tbe Queeiula*d Timtt. trill afford a pretty fair J view of the advantages placed at the disposal of tbe Police Magistrates of Ipswich and Brisbane for ridding their towns of abandoned characters and i snipping them oil to Toowoomba :— ' On Tneedny i latTawnaan named atarr Vright was charged wiOi j tnakbwnae at ahscismi begun, . Tin defendant «irihwa«)isAdaiMmtta7- default rf imme- ! AsiWtiaiMs^oiieiaoi^faitoowoomhaUuL' i AauMewi ????It ?wm owiwm MFAtm, KMrBodk Wales; m tto filet elite*, «??« aJssM atstos, »fc» mm itsslil fa tt- htfcswl ls»|rfiss JWilWsif suMlnl HsU MsMpofated jfcjSJMW. Ihsl liMlsWl fcWtt WWsWI«h5 I' DrjEOfOtheeiWJngsoftheCireBltConrt, heldin 5 tl» business ef UwCo*rl1-ei«g **aneBtly inter-' rtrptedfey th« talking of tkepuMic. HaTingonlered , sJJeaoe aevend titftos ^jtboot -beis« obeyed, si ftit \ next intsrraption that polioe -«m ordered te take' the offoader into Ctstody.' William Derine was Men brought before hi Honor, and committed to the lockup fur twenty-four 'boors for contempt. Ths debuqnantpfayed cobe'eteossd, and apologised ?Uy spying that: 'be was talking on priratu matters tff his o*u. and «a( not aware of tiie order of the J C-.urt. Hin Hudor thai asked 'Norgeajit Francis if 1 he b.vt prochiimed Ik'e order ot sQenoa. The ser giant replied that i he had called 'fiiieuce' in the Wring of tiie delinquent, who received it by say ing, '? Silence t.e-i ? 4.' His Hoaor then ordered his removal to the lucki* p, siying he would make an example of him. The body of Andrew Kitsen, a Dane, whose drowning was reported in our Tuesday's issue fsays the Harghorovgk Chronicle of 12th August), was f mud on Thursday moruing, under the flap of the punt of the Priuce's ferry, aad a magisterial inquiry was held on the same day at the Anadne Hotel, by ' the Police Magistrate, into tbe cause of death. NiU Pei-eson, a German, deposed to being with deceased ou Suuday moruing, abont 2 o'clock ; deceased was ! the worse for liquor ; they went to the river, where j there was a little boat belonging to the deceased, 1 which they got into to cross the river ; Nilscn then stood up, and commenced rocking the boat, and the water came in it, and Pereson was frightened, and stood np, and the boat capsized, and they were thrown into the river ; they both rose, and caught j hold of the boat, and cried tor help, soon after wh'ch deceased let go his hold and sank, and witness saw him no more ; a man named Stebbons, a German, j then came- v.i'.h a boat aud rescued him. A verdict was returne I in accordant* with the evidence, tbat death waa occasioned by suffocation by drowning. ! Tm: following nit'laucholy accident is reported iu the Roethampton JlulUUn of tbe I2th ult.:— Sir \V. Brown, late landlord of the Busing Sun Hotel, met with an accident ou Thursday last which proved f:-.Ul within a. few hours. At six iu the iv. -'jinni: t-f that d;iv be wax iu Quay-tlreet showing oiia young colt tl Mr Wil.lor. pL.t^rapner. He stilted f'n.rlly ufUiuaids for home. HU horse being iL-iljiv linM'ut numauniitable, and ou passing the Market lii-nerve, iu Williaui-Blreet, Browu was thrown oil, atil fc!l heavily ou the ground. Two uiuii, I'nr.k A'linui i/nl .i.itiii-s Smith, who Mere standing l.y. p-t .i ort and look the unfortunate iii.v: ht):n.!. When they first put him on the cart he o- i;i ;rnnil-V, but ilis puUe was strong. How ever, by the time hi: was couveyed to his bouse in the l'.')|)er Da»sou-roa.l it had become very feeble. Or CalhijjUHn was culled iu, aud did what he could to bring about u recovery, but without avail. Yes terday niorniiiy Itronu was found dead in his bed. Ilia wife was in the house at the time, but was not fully aware of his danger. Mr Wilder informs us that Broun was iiuiuous to sell his horse to him, and led it up nid down the street to show that it was piM'fw.ly quiet. Browu also got on its back, and tdid till' backwards over its tail. Dr Callaghnn stateR that the immediate cause of death wob con cussion of the brain. Tub difficulty experienced by the claimant to the Tichborne estates iu proving his own identity, which was sworn to by the dowager Lady Tien borne herself, and a large circle of friends and ac quaintances, is a mystery to most people. But what shall lie thought of the following case, which we quote wrbalim from the /'. J). Telegram, whence it would appear that a woman may be mistaken in the ideutity of her own husband t— 'Mr Godfrey rose to make an application to the Bench. He ea.id that on June 4, a man calling himself F. F. lvniylit was brought before the Bench under thfi name t.f C'liaa. Pembridge Knight, charged with desertinp his wife, Sarah Jauc Knight, without giving her nny nicans of support. Mrs Knight swore most positively that he was her husband, anil there being ether evidence against him owing to imprudent c.mduu on his part, he waa convicted and finally lodged in liockiianipton gaol, where he was now uudir poiii;: six mouths' imprisonment. It now appcare.J that it waa altogether a case of mistaken identity of (he strangest kind. Affidavits bud lieun taken by the Rev. MrCatvon, who married Mis Knight, from a lady who was one of the bridesmaids, and from n detective, to the effect that the man in pri son was not the man who married Mia Knight. He ? now proposed to call further evidence to show that a mistake had been made, and to call upon the l-eucu to quasn uieir previous ut.-cu.ion, as mey were empowered to do under thu 2i Vic, No. 12. .lohu Burn, being Ewom, stated that lie was manager U,t Towns and On.; had been in charge of Buchuuban in June and July last year ; Hucbaiiban is ou the Mackenzie, about 150 wiles from Kockhamploii ; he was there in June, aud saw a mau there named Frederick Fielding Knight ; he was there from the 3rd to tho 22nd July ; it was absolutely impossible fur him to have been iu Rockhamutuii on July 18, when the marriage was celebrated ; he saw the letter and receipt produced j the letter was written to liim by the man who was on fiuclianban ; lie wrote it in prison, and asked him (witne-cs) to try and prow his iunocence ; the receipt was the same person's acknowledgment forthe receipt of his wages; the handwriting was thn same ; it was also the same as the signature ' l'\ i-\ Knight' in the -leposition book, to the depositions takcu on 4th June lnst. Mrs Knight, who was present, staled that bIic was not at oil satisfied. She was quite confident the man she appeared against was the one she marri.-d. 'J'Jie }ienuh reversed the order of June 4, and ordered proper warrants to be prepared for Knight's libera tion.' There is, indeed, n very simple solution of tie difficulty, but ns it is within the bounds nf pos sibility that we should bo wronging Mrs Knight in suprgesting it, no refrain. . ] lit FKRKIN-G to Mr 1'iaig's report on the Knldfu'Us of Queensland, the QuIgoiiH i)uanlinn hays :— As a guide for any future attempt at legiel.ition in that coldly It is utterly worthless, and like nur own Royal Commission, is uot worth the money ppeut, simply because it was a political 'job.' Is- these colonies (nays the .S' M. Herald) tho possession by the Government of the larger part uf the public estate, although it is a source of r- venue, is also a source of political embarrassment. So many priv.ite (lersons are interested in modifying the law, and so many ore interested iu propitiating the Ad ministration, that the Govcrumeut is perpetually besieged to do something «r other to accommodate itself to private views. The management of the public estate is a most onerous duty. No one can possibly perform it to the satisfaction of all pnrties. Accusations of favoritism to one class or another are inuoHSant, and often with good prima/aric evidence to support them ; whil« the revenue obtained is on tie one hand denounced ns excessive, and on the other declrtred to be far Bhort of what it ought to be. Each nf tbe Australian colonies has had a variety of laud-laws, and a variety of land-ministere, jet in not one of them has there been general public con tentment, or on acknowidgemeot that the balance has been held fair between the occupiers and the revenue, or between different classes of occupiers. 