SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. A new Ministry has been formed, and those members of the Administration who have presented themselves to their constituents for re-election have been returned without opposition. On the 20th of last month the names of the members of the new Government were announced to Parliament. They are as follows:—Chief Secretary and Post- master-General, Mr. Duffy; Treasurer and Commissioner of Customs, Mr. Graham Berry; Minister of Lands, Mr. Grant; Solicitor-General, Mr. Spensley ; Minister of Public Works, Mr. O'Grady; Minister of Railways, Mr. Longmore; and Minister of Mines, Mr. M'Lellan. All these gentlemen have been re-elected, and since their return Mr. Robert Walsh, of Ballarat, has accepted the portfolio of Attorney-General. It is most pro- bable that he also will be returned, al- though he is vigorously opposed by a local but comparatively unknown man. When the names of the members of the new Cabinet were first mentioned, the public generally refused to give credence to the report; and, certainly, the Government is one of the most extra- ordinary and incongruous that has ever yet held office in Victoria. On no one great public question is it unanimous. Some of its members are freetraders, others are extreme protec- tionists, and on the great question of education their opinions are wide as the poles asunder. But what created the greatest astonishment was that Mr. Grant should have been offered and should have accepted the posi- tion of Minister of Lands, having for his principal colleagues men who had virulently and constantly attacked both his land policy and administration when he occupied a similar position in the M'Culloch Administration which preceded the Macpherson Government. The Government, however, has been formed, and on Tuesday, the 25th inst, will have to meet Parliament. What prac- tical details of policy will be enunciated it is almost impossible to say, as the elec- tion speeches of the various members of the Ministry were of the vaguest descrip- tion, but from the little that has been permitted to transpire, it appears pro- bable that advantage will be taken of a suggestion first made in The Argus, and that—as the colony has determined on trying protection—comparatively heavy duties will be placed on a few articles which it is believed can be produced here, whilst a number of imposts pro- ducing very little revenue will be abolished. But something more than a mere improvement in our fiscal system is wanted. There is a probable deficiency at the end of the financial year 1871-72 of at least £300,000 to be provided for, and it is not likely that this will be met by the imposition of increased protec- tive duties on a certain number of articles. No reduction in the expendi- ture likely to meet the case can be made unless a large number of highly important and necessary public works proposed by the late Government are postponed, and to this the Assem- bly would not be likely readily to agree. The Government cannot propose a property-tax. A stamp duty las. been talked of, but even if such an imposition were agreed to, it would not meet the deficiency, and the Ministry, taking warning from the strong expressions of public opinion which were uttered on the subject, have announced that they do not intend to touch the special appropriation from the land fund for railway extension, but to devote it to the purpose for which it was designed. The financial difficulty of the Government is, therefore, one which it will task all their skill to over- come, and they have themselves in- tensified it by their opposition to the property-tax proposed by the late Treasurer. It will be remembered that when Mr. Francis made his financial statement in May last he proposed certain new duties, and the usual resolution waa passed by the Assembly authorising the Govern- ment to take the necessary steps for the protection of the revenue, by virtue of which resolution the collection of the new imposts was at once commenced. After the Government had been defeated upon their financial policy, and the new Ministry had been formed, Mr. Francis moved that the resolution in question be read and rescinded, being evidently under the impression that there would be no objection to the course, especially as the members of the new Government had resolutely opposed, not only his financial policy as a whole, but also the very duties which he then proposed should be no longer collected. The Government, however, to the surprise of the commer- cial Community, opposed, through their friends in the House, the rescinding of the resolution, and Mr. Francis, not wishing to do anything which by any possibility might be construed into an attempt to embarrass the Ministry, with- drew his motion. The result is that for the last two months a number of imposts have been and continue to be illegally levied, and trade in conse- quence has been paralysed. It is the uncertainty which prevails which so hampers all commercial transactions, and renders the course which the Govern- ment has taken so particularly harassing. If the Government had intimated that they proposed to continue the duties, there would not have been so much objection to the action which they have taken, but they declined to give any information, and continue to impose duties which they characterised as most unjust and as most injurious to the industrial progress of the colony. After the formation of the new Ministry, the Chief Secretary, Mr. Duffy, was the first to address his constituents, and the pièce de résistance which he served up in the political banquet to which he invited the people of Kyneton was a declaration, that now the people were to have free land selection indeed. Nearly all the reserves, he said, were to be done away with, and for the future any man would be allowed to go almost where he pleased, peg out his allotment, and at once com- mence to cultivate. It was felt that such a system would occasion irretriev- able confusion, but the consequence was that nearly every valuable reserve and water frontage in the colony was at once pegged out. It then proved that the Chief Secretary had said a great deal more than he in- tended. All he meant was that the reservations known as the zebra stripes were to be abolished, and this, with the exception of the water front- ages, had in effect been done by Mr. Macpherson, the Land Minister in the preceding Administration. Of course, a great deal of dissatisfaction has been caused amongst those who imagined they were to be presented with the choicest reservations in the colony, and then found how entirely they had been deceived. What the prospects of the present Ministers are it is difficult to say, but as it is evident that they will carefully avoid the introduction of subjects likely to raise any very strong feeling, they will probably get safely through the session if they survive their financial diffi- culty. During the month the Hon. A. Michie, the Attorney-General in the late M'Cul- loch Administration, was elected a member of the Legislative Council for the Central Province by a large majority over his opponent, Mr. Harcourt. The vacancy occurred through the resigna- tion of one of the former members, Mr. H. S. Walsh. SOCIAL. None of the terrible events which, from time to time, marked the course of the Franco-Prussian war excited such feelings of pain and horror in this community as the news received by the last mail, of the burning of Paris and the bloodshed in its streets. The intelligence was received in Melbourne at an early hour on Sunday morning, and its importance induced the conductors of The Argus to publish, for the second time during the last 12,months, an extraordinary issue on Sunday. The news of the partial destruction of Paris, with all the attendant horrors, ex- cited a deep feeling throughout Melbourne, and furnished matter of comment aud allu- sion in the discourses delivered in various places of worship. Gratifying progress is being made with the works on the North-Eastem Railway. The first section of the line, 56 miles in extent, undertaken by Messrs. O Grady, Leggatt, and Noonan, has been pushed forward with enorgy, and the greater portion of the earth- works are completed, while a portion of the permanent way has already been laid. There are some heavy cuttings yet to be finished, and the bridges across the River Goulburn and the lagoons at Seymour, will take some time to erect; but the contractors are confi- dent of being able to complete their undur- taking within the contract time, which expires on the 31st March, 1872. The works on the second section of the line, between Seymour and Benalla, are also being proceeded with satisfactorily. It is understood that Colonel Sankey has finished his inspection of the Government waterworks, and his report is expected to be forthcoming shortly. The temporary repairs to the outlet works of the Malmsbury Reserv- voir, which were completed last month, have since had their efficiency tested. The reservoir has been allowed to fill, and notwithstanding the heavy pressure, there is not the slightest indication of leakage about any of the pipes. Although appointed more than a year ago, the Civil Service Commission has not yet got through its labours. It has, in fact, sus- pended its inquiries for what is likely to bo a long period. Mr. Graham Berry, one of the members, having accepted ofiice as Treasurer, was unable to attend the meetings, and as it was not considered likely that Parliament would legislate on the subject during the present session, the sittings of the commission were adjourned till the next Parliamentary recess. The understanding was distinctly arrived at that at that time the commis- sioners should give their uninterrupted attention to tho task before them, with the view of bringing up a report at an eaily date. His Netherlands Majesty's screw steam w¿r sloop the Curacoa, in command of Captain M. W. Bowier, arrived in Hobson's Bay on the (ith July. The object of the Curaçoa's visit is to call for Mr. Ploos Van Amstel, the Consul-General for the Netherlands at Mel- bourne, who has been entrusted by the Dutch Government with the direction of an expedi- tion to New Guinea. During the stay of the. Curacoa in port she has been visited by. His Excellency the Governor, and the Governor of Tasmania, while her officers have been entertained at dinner by the Melbourne Club. In vie tv of his approaching departure, tue consular corps of Melbourne gave a dinner to Mr. Ploos Van Amstel, which was numerously attended. The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce haï appointed six gentlemen in London to repre- sent Victoria on the provisional committee of the proposed new Mercantile Association in watching over the commercial interests of th< Australian colonies. The six names selected wero those of Mr. F. G. Dalgety (Dalgety, Ducroz, and Co.), Mr. Bichard Gibbs (Aus- tralian Land Mortgage and Finance Com pauy), Mr. L. C. Stevenson (L. Stevenson and Sons). Mr. Thomas M'Com as (Thomas'I M'Comas and Co.), Mr. Joseph Moore (Devitt and Moore), and Mr. John S. Hill (John Young, Ehlers, and Co.) The Government have resolved upon ap- pointing a commission to consider the ques- tion of the introduction of now industries into the country. By the present mail instructions will be forwarded to the agent- general in London directing him to send hera men from the south of Europe skilled in the cultivation of the olive, tobacco, and the preparation of dried fruits. The long-pending dispute between the Go- vernments of New South Wales and Victoria relative to tho ownership of Pentland Island is to be referred to the decision of the Queen in Council. The necessary documents will be forwarded by the outgoing mail. To supply the temporary vacancy caused by the absence on leave of'the Chief Justice, Judge Pohlman, of the Melbourne County Court, has been sworn in as a judge of the Supremo Court, while Mr. Justice Barry has been appointed acting Chief Justice. Judge Cope, late of the Ararat district, has boon appointed to act as judge of the Holbourne County Court. H.M.S. Basilisk, which arrived in Hobson's Bay in a state of disrepair, sailed on the 17th June for Sydney)* where sho refitted. She arrived at that port on the 24th of June, and sailed from thence on the 13th of July on u cruiso. Before the late Government went out of office, it was announced that the postal card system recently brought into use in England would be adopted here. The new postal cards are now ready for issuo at the price of Id., instead of fid. each ; but before they can j be legally used, it will be necessary to amend the Postal Act, and for this purpose a bill will be introduced immediately after the re- assembling of Parliament. Meetings have been held for the purpose of taking steps to commemorate tho centenary of Sir Walter Scott's birth, but an attempt having been mado to turn the celebration into a benefit for a certain St. Andrew's So- ciety and Hospital, it is likely to prove a failure. It was agreed at a preliminary meet- ing of citizens that a Waverley dress ball should be given in the Melbourne Town hall, each guest 'adopting some character mentioned in the works of Sir Walter Scott, and at the next meeting the St. Andrew party wore able to carry their point, a proposal to devote the proceeds to the foundation of a Waverley scholarship at the Melbourno Uni- versity being negatived. A large number of those who had come forward thereupon with- drew from the affair. No final decision has been como to with re- gard to the newSuprome Court buildings, which it was prop'osed to erect in William street, Melbourne. A sum of money was placed on last year's Estimates, and the Go- vernment went so far as to call for tenders. Sixteen were sent in, but in the mean ti mu tho Government determined upon another course, and it was announced that the tenders would not be considered. It is understood that Parliament, soon after its next meeting, will be invited to reconsider the subject, pos- sibly with a view to a chango of Bite, as well as an alteration in the proposed style of building. The proposal to erect a new hall for the Mel- bourne Mechanics' Institute has been dof eated for the present by the opposition of a few anti progressive members. It was decided a montli. ago that a hall should be built, and that the sum of £5,500 should bo raised by debentures or mortgage of the property of the institu- tion. The rules, however, require that any resolution affecting the freehold property of the institution should be passed at two succes- sive meetings by nine-tenths of the mem- bers present. At the former meeting the reso- lution was affirmed by, 122 votes to 12, and was therefore carried, but at the next mooting, though 170 members voted for the resolution, it was lost, a minority of 34 having declared against it. But after all, the schemo is only obstructed for the present, for stops will be at once taken to mako such alterations in the rules as sholl enable the wishes of the majority to have offoct. Two public concert-halls in Melbourne tho.Colossoum, and a place called the Conti- nental Café-have been closed by order of the magistrates. These establishments have been unfavourably reported on by the police ovor and over again, but the proceedings taken against the proprietors have alwayB failed. The objections to these concert-rooms wero, that they were mere drinking saloons, and rendezvous for persons of ill character; and acting upon a certain section of tho new licensing act, which forbids any portion of a licensed hotol to be used for concert or the- atrical purposes, the City Bench have forfeited the licence of the proprietor in each case The defendants intimated their intention of taking the matter to the Supremo Court, but, unfortunately for them, the Court has already -in a case brought from Ballarat-decided the point against them. Amongst the deaths to be recorded thin month is that of Mr. John Brown, a very oit! colonist, long known as " Brown of Como," who died on the 21st June. Tho deceased was a member of the firm of Brown and Stewart, and continued so till tho dissolution of the firm consequeut on the death of Mr. Stewar(i. He was connected with Melbourne from ita earliest days, coming here in thoye tr 1838, when he was in extensive work as a master-builder. The death has occurred ol another old colonist, Mr. Samuel Kay mond, eldest son of the late James Raymond, for- merly Postmaster-General of New South Wales. In March, 1841, the deceased gentle- man accompanied Judge Willis to Port Phillip as first deputy-sheriff. Subsequently he held the appointments of chairman of quarlot sessions and prothonotary of the Supremo Court of New South Wales, from which latter office he retired on half-pay in conse- quence of ill- heoltb. For the lost seven or eight years he has resided in Victoria, butin consequence of ill-health was unable to assume any prominent position, ne was one of the oldest colonial barristers. He married the eldest daughter of Liout.-Colonel Bull, of Castlemaine, and leaves a widow and four children. , The second anniversary of the Old Colo- nists'Association was celebrated on Saturday, July 1 (Separation Day). The usual meeting was held in the forenoon, at Menzies' Hotel, and a satisfactory state of affairs was reported, but it appeared that a number of the early 'settlers in the colony had not yet joined the association. There was a festival at the Town hall in the evening, which was numorously attended. The first part of the entertainment was Mr. G. W. Rudsen's reminiscences of ti io early settlement of Port Phillip, which ex- panded into a pretty full history of the found- ing of the colony. One fact which Mr. Rusden was at great pains to make clear was, that the discovery of tho Yarra was made neither by Batman nor Fawkner, but by Sur- veyor-General Grimes, in 1803 ; and the course of the Yarra as far up as Hawthorn, with tho junction of the Saltwater duly marked, ap- peared on the chart which Flinders published in 1814. Tho second part of the entertain- ment consisted of musical performances. Hi i Excellency the Governor, with some members of his family, and the Governor of Tasmania, wero present. Tho sixth annual meeting of the Victorian Medical Benevolent Association has beon hold. The society has of late years made considerable progress, and after relioving every applicant who has come forward, there has been accumulated a permanent fund of nearly £500. A. sub-comnnttee has been appointed, consisting of Dr. Tracy, Dr. Cutts, Dr. J. L Martin, and Dr. Neild, to report as to tim best means of increasing and dealing with this fund. The new Independent Church, at tho cor- ner of Ktzroy-street and Victoria- parade, the memorial stone of which was laid on tho 81)1 February, 1870, has beon oponed for public worship. The building is a handsome one, and will seat 730 people. Its present coat is £5,589, but it is proposed to add a spire, 150ft high, which will cost £1,000 more. . The Victorian Canary and Pigeon Society has hold its first show in the Apollo-hall, Bourke-street, Melbourne. A largo number of birds were exhibited, and the show alto- gether was a success. With reference to an item which appeared amongst the English news received by Um last mail, to tho effect that the " silk grown in Victoria was comparatively useless ia tim London market," Mr. Le Souef, hon. secretary of the Victorian Acclimatisation Society, hus pointed out that tho unfavourable report ni ceived from the Silk Supply Association of London only applied to the particular parcel sent home to them, which was produced from seed which had been some years in tim colony. The parcel (16oz.) was offered to the society for sale, and it waa purchased and sont, home simply to ascertain if it had any com- ' mercial value or not. Dr. Black, the presi- dent of tho Acclimatisation Society, who hat recently returned from Sydney, had an inter- view there with Dr. Bennett, the naturalist, who informed him that the seed of silkworms sent home from this country to tho London society bad been highly approved of, and con- sidered superior to that sont from Japan or elsewhere. A high price had been obtained for it, sufficiently so to make it very remune- rative. The autumn series of lectures in connoxiou with the Industrial and Technological Mu- seum has proved so successful that tho trus- tees of the institution have decided upon commencing a third in August or September. The last lecture of the autumn course waa delivered by Dr. Von Mueller, the Govern- ment botanist, on "Forest Culture in Rela- tion to Industrial Pursuits." In his remarks ho reforred to the gradual destruction of forost trees which is going on here as in oidor coun- tries, and pointed out the importance of taking some measures for the preservation of our native timber, as well as for tho intro- duction of foreigu trees. Special thanksgiving services wero hold ou the 29th June-St. Peter's Day-at Sr. James's Cathedral and St Paul's Church, in commemoration of the foundation of the diocese of Melbourno and the 24 cn anniversary of the consecration of Dr. Perry, the first Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, At St. James's the sermon was preached by the Dean of Melbojrne, who drew a striking contrast between the past and present condition of the diocese. When, four-and-twenty years ago, Dr. Perry waa consecrated in Canterbury Cathedral, there wore only threo clergymen of the Episcopalian denomination officiating in the colony-one in Melbourne, one in Gee- long, and one at Portland. Instead of three clergymen, there were now 129, and in the archdeaconry of Melbourne and Geelong alone there were now 72 ohuiclies, and at least 120 places where congregations as- sembled. The subscriptions to tho fund for the benefit of the family of the late Dr. Corrigan amount, after the payment of all expenses, to £1,138 9s. 3d. A final mooting of the subscribers has been held, at which a form of trust deed was adopted, and the ordinary provision made for the maintenance of the widow and family of the deceased out of the, interest of the money, which was to be invested on mortgage upon freehold property, A special provision was inserted to meet the possible caso of the widow and family dying before the younge&t; child had arrived at tho age of 21. Should such a thing happen, the annual interest of the money_ was to be devoted to tho founding of a Corrigan exhibition at tho Melbourne University. Mr. H. T. Dwight, who has carried on busi- ness in Melbourno for a number of years as u bookseller, recently died, and in his will bequeathed his property to the University of Melbourno in revorsion upon his wife's de- cease. A life interest is secured to Mrs. D wich t, and afterwards it is provided that the property shall bo vested in the trustees of tho Uni- versity, tho annual proceeds to be divided into money prizes of not less than £25 each, to bo given "for' the advancement and encouragement of learning in ancient history, constitutional and legal history, and natural philosophy, or for suca other branches of the University education as the said trustees may in their discretion think the said prizes mo.st applicable and advantageous, which several prizes it is my will and desire shall bo called the ' Dwigh t Prize ' iii such branches." The Rev. Benjamin Backhouse, who has come out to this colony as the agent of the British and Foreign Bible Society, received a public welcome on tbo 6th July, at the As- sembly-hall. Collins-street east, Melbourne. The Bishop of Melbourne presided, and a number of cleigymtn were present. A reso- lution was passed wp'cominc Mr. Backhouse to bib new sphere of labour, aud the meeting pledged itself to promote the objects of the society. The Rev. Mr. Backhouse has com- menced his work very energetically, and has already attended some 40 meetings held on behalf of the society. At a recent meeting of the Royal Society of Victoria, Mr Cosmo Newbery described a new process of manufacture, as carried out at his laboratory, of Professor Gamgoo's dis- infectant, tho chloride of aluminium. This salt, Mr. Newbery explained, was mado by him according to a new .process, the leading feature of which was tbeemploymentof kaolin. The preparation has been tried by a number of medical men who have spoken greatly in its favour. It seems to bo a singularly valuable antiseptic, disinfectant and deodoriser, and there is this important advantage connected with it, that it does not, like other disinfect- ants, toko away a bad smell and loave another odour in its place. It is intended to carry on the manufacture of the compound as a regular industry. There was a partial eclipse of the sun at about noon on the 18th June, but the cloudy state of the sky prevented its being observed in Melbourne. The eclipse was visible as an annular one on the north-west coast of Aus- tralia, the central line passing a little to the north of Port Darwin. The first contact was at 10h. 37Ino. a.m., greatost phase lib, 55'2m. a.m., lost contact lh, 152m. p.m. ; magni- tude, 0'2G times the sun's diameter. Oyster culture is about to be inaugurated in Cono Bay. Mr. Heath, of Geelong, and Mr. Bates, of the Clifton Spnngs, Drysdale, havin? obtained the necessary protection from the Government, propose to lay down oyster beda in tho Bay without loss of time. Should these experiments succeed, an important source of wealth will have beon developed, for we are at present almost entirely dependent upon Sydney and other ports for our supply of oysters. > A romance in real lifo is noticed by a coun tryîjournal, the Pleasant Greek News, which states that "in the family of a wealthy squatter on the Wimmera a few days ago, a servant engaged to attend on the children stepped into a title and a property of £40,000 under the name of Lady Elizabeth Morton. Itwould appear that the lady, while acting na servant in tho family, frequently assured those around her of her aristocratic con- nexions, but no one credited her tale. She carno out, it appears, to this country without an education at all adequate to her position, and it is not improbable that but for the efforts of an able lawyer in Melbourne, Lady Elizabeth Morton would have remained in a dependent position to the day of her dfiiiMi " Another venturo in pearl-shell fishing, pro- mising, if possible, even more successful results than the speculation noted several months ago, is about to be undertaken under the auspices of Captain Edgar, late of the schoonor Emma Paterson, which was wrocked a short time ago at Fiji. Captain Edgar, who is (in so far as has yet been ascertained) the sole survivor from the lost vessel, arrived here from Sydney some days ago, and brought with him specimens of the pearl-shell alluded to. They are very large, and of fine quality, and ore said to be much superior and aioie valuable than any which have yet been seen here. Some fine specimens of colonially-grown sugar-canes have been exhibited at the Mel- bourne Chamber of Commerce. Thoy were grown on the Kubyana plantation, which is situated about 70 miles north of Maryborough, on the Burnett Uiver, Queensland, and were forwarded to Mr. A. S. Caine, broker-who is engaged in floating a company to work tbo plantation-as specimens of the produce of the estate. They were pronounced by persons competent to judge to be excellent samples of the raw product. A death under peculiarly melancholy cir- cumstances has occurred at Carlton. A mar- ried woman named Sophia Romatcb, aged 27, who was employed at an hotel as a general servant, went to bed as usual on Sunday evening, nothing particular having been noticed, and it never being oven suspected that she was pregnant, but on Monday morn- ing she did not leave her room, and as she did not answer when called upon, the door was opened. To the consternation of the porsons who entered, she was found dead, kneeling on the floor beside the bed, over which alto was bending, and close by was found the dead body of a newly-born male child, which was also dead. An inquest was held, when it was found that the woman had died from hasuiorr hage, and the child from asphyxia. Tho accountant of the National Bank at Emerald-hill, Alexander ROBO, lately en- tered upon a career of dishonesty, in which he was for a time successful. He started up the country with forged drafts for about £400 in his possession, which he managed to got cashed. Several informations having been sworn against him, he gave himself up to tho Solice at Benalla, and was brought down to allarat, where he was committed for trial on two charges of forgery. Tho Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company has been mulcted in the sum of £1,000 at tho suit of one of its ser- vants named Chandler, for injuries which ho received in a collision on the company's line. Chandler was employed at Brighton to execute some work for the company, He lived at Sandridge, and was carried free on the railway between Brighton and Sandridge. On tho 25th of April, 1870, the engine work- ing on the Sandridgo lino proved defective, and another engine was substituted. This and other causes made the train by which Chandler was a passengor late. Soon after starting it was followed by an engine, whicli ran into it at the North Sandridge station. There was very little damage done except to Chandler, who was seriously injured. Hu brought an action against the company, aud obtained a verdict for £1,000. The company endeavoured to avoid liability on the ground that the accident arose through the négligent of a fellow-servant, and appealed to the Full Court. But the Court hold that the company had also been negligent in having defective machinery, in allowing tbo trains to start late, &c.; The company has, siuco the judgment was delivered, obtained leave to appeal to the Privy Council. ft person named Schcmmel was convicted by the Police Court some months ago of forging Messrs. Hennessy and Co.'s (the celebrated brandy exporters) labels. Oo ap- peal to the Supreme Court recently it turned out that tho evidence proved ho had only sold cases of brandy bearing the labels, and thero was no evidence of the forgery. The Court, therefore quashed tbo conviction, holding that under the Trades Marks Statute a man who sold goods with forged labels could not be found guilty of forgery. A mining manager, named Joseph Henry Davies, was convicted in April last of stealing gold from a claim, which he had agreed to work for another person on terms of receiving a percentage on tho yield of the gold. The mine was situated on land leased from the Crown ; and on appeal to the Supremo Court, it was contended that the statute makinK tho stealing of gold a felony only applied to land held under miners' rights, and not to leased land. " The Court bos sustained the defen- dant's view of the case, and quashed the con- viction. Several fatal mining accidents have been reported during the month. At Guildford, near Castlemaine, a claim fell in and crushed to death two miners named Robert MTlhenny and Wm, Thompson. At Clunes, through some misunderstanding as to signals, a mau named George Craig Konnaway, who was at work in the Clunes Quartz Company's mine, was hoisted at the wrong time and. jammed betweon the cage and tho cap-piece, his death being instantanoous. Since this accident, the necessity of making a uniform and authoritative code of mining signals has been urged upon the attention of tho Government. In another case, an engiue driver at one of the mines set the machinery going without any signal at all, and a China- man was crushed to death. At the coroner's inquest the jury, strango to bay, did not even censure the engine'dnver. Amongst othor casualties which have occurred, there is tho death of a platelayer on the Government railways, named Thomas M'Gann, who in endeavouring to push a "trolly" out of the way of an approaching train, was run over and killed. At Sandhurst a sad case of acci- dental shooting has occurred. A pigeon shooting match was going on, when one of the competitors, Mr. J. F. Lewis, being dazzled by the sun, aimed his gun in the direction of a young man named Henry Allon, who fell to the ground mortally wounded in tho head. The unfortunate young mau had only been recently married. A remarkable case of self-poisoning has oc- curred at Brighton. An engine- fitter named John Bentick, about 25 years old, was to havo been married at 11 o'clock on a certain day, buta few minutes after the appointed time he fell down at the door of the bride's houso, and was found to be suffering from the effects' of strychnine. He died in a couple of hours. The deceased seems to have got into Eecuniary difficulties, and he took what e supposed to be a small quantity of tho poison in order to mako himself ill, and so cause a postponement of the marriage. An extraordinary attack on a bank managor was mado the other day at the Collingwood branch of the Commercial Bank, Smith-street. At about a quarter to 3 o'clock in tho after- noon a man, giving tho name of Charles Marshall, entered the bank and presented a cheque for payment. Tho manager, Mr. A. Jamieson, was in the act of tolling the mau that it would be necessary to obtain some known endorsation before it could be cashed at that bank, when the stronger took a piece of lead weighing about 21b, from his pookot, and threw it with all his strength at Mr. Jamieson. Tho missile struck him in the chest, breaking a rib, and for a momont de- priving him of consciousness. The man ran round the end of tho counter, and was ap- proaching Mr. Jamieson, when Mr, G. F. Williams, the sub-accountant, came to his assistance. Marshall drew back, aud took out a sling made of a piece of lead weighing about 3oz. tied up in tho end of a handker- chief. Mr. Jamieson called out for assistance, and several of the neighbours came rushing in, on which the man mado off. He was pur- sued, and after a short cliaso was captured and lodged in the Fitzroy lock-up. It is supposed that Marshall intended to rob the bank, or that ho is of unsound mind. He has bean brought up at the Fitzroy Police Court, and remanded in order that inquiries may be made as to his mental condition. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. THE NEW JtlKISTUV. When the last mail left we could only in- form our English readers that Mr. Gavan Duffy had been sent for to form a new Govern- ment (to succeed the third M'Culloch Admr nistration, who resigned on their failure to carry their proposed rateable property-tax), and that bp was on the point of success. On the day after the mail steamer sailed tho re- construction of the Cabinet was announced as a thing accomplished, with the following as the new Ministers, who were duly sworn in during the day : Mr. Gavan Duffy ... Chief Secretary and Postmaster-General. Mr. Grant.Minister of Lands. Mr. Graham Berry... Treasurer and Commis- sioner of Customs. Mr. Spensloy ... Solicitor-General. Mr. O'Grady. Minister of Public Works. Mr. Longmore ... Minister of Railways >** and Roads. Mr. M'Lellan ... Minister of Mines. It waa stated that the oflico of Attorney General would not be filled up for some days, and the doubling of office by two of tho Ministers was an experimental attempt uta a economical consolidation of work, which, if it proved inconvenient, would bo abandoned, and one of the second offices offerod to a gentleman representing the Govern- ment in the Legislative Council. The con- stitution of the new Government was a pretty general surprise. That Mr. Duffy should become Chief Secretary was, of course, to bo expected, that Mr. O'Grady, who once before took oflico with the short-lived Sladen Administration, should, as well as Mr. M'Lellan and Mr. Longmore, who were members of the Mac- pherson Administration, enter again upon the responsibilities of official life, was not a sensational novelty. But as to the other three Ministers, the provailing feeling was far different. Mr. Berry was tho Treasurer of the Macpherson Administration, but cut such a poor figure therein that it seemed almost im- possible that he should again assume a posi- tion which required some financial capacity. Mr. Spensley, the new Solicitor- General, is a barrister whose ability has never yet been discovered, and his elevation naturally sot people talking. But the great wonder was that Mr. J. M. Grant should take office under Mr. Duffy as Minister of Lands. It is notorious that for many months before ho quitted office in the second M'Culloch Administration ho was frequently not ablo to discharge his onerous duties, and that ho was still subject to the same weaknesses. This was known to none better than to Mr. Duffy, who on one occasion taunted him with the fact in the House, and who has therefore been severely condemned for tempting his late opponent into a too dan- gerous position when ho induced him to join bis Cabinet. It is a ploasant sequel to this that since Mr. Grant has entered upon the duties of his office his habits have quite changed, tbe clouds which darkened his path have dissipated, and ho appears to have as- sumed his old form. We havo to add that all tho abovementioned Ministers were, upon going to their constituencies, ro-elected without opposition. So soon as their seats wore secure tho Cabinet proceeded to appoint an Attorney-General, nnd Mr. Robert Walsh, a Ballarat barrister of long standing, who was returned for Ballarat East at tho last general election, accepted tho office. Ho is now before his constituents. His return is opposed, but his chances of success appear to increase us the day of nomination draws near. THE NEW TARIFF.-A PARUAMENTAnY INTEIt LUDE. Daring the interval between the now Ministers' acceptance of office and tbo au nouncomont of their polioy a remarkable discussion took place in the Legislative As- sembly. On Tuesday, June 20, the names of the morabers of the new Government were announced in both Houses, which wero oskod to adjourn till July 25. The Legislativo Council at once agreed to do so, but in the Assembly the quostion was complicated by Mr. Francis, the late Treasurer, whomoved to rescind the resolution recently passed at the instance of the lato Government, to authoriso the collection of the new duties imposed by tho amended tariff submitted by him in his budget speoch. This pro- voked strong opposition, and eventually the question' was left over till the fol- lowing day, so that Mr. Francis might give due notice of his intention. When the Houso re-assembled he submitted a formal motion that the following resolution, agreed to on tho 16th May last, be read and roscindod : " That the Commissioner of Trade and Cus- toms be authorised to take such measures as may be necessary for the protection of the revenue with reference to the duties pro- posed to the committee this day." The hon. member repudiated the insinuation that in bringing forward this motion he was moved by any spirit of factious opposition to the present Government. Ho merely wished to relieve the trado and manufactures of the, colony from tho position of difficulty arid uncertainty in which they were now placed. If. however, the present Ministry accepted the responsibility of the posi- tion ho did not feel that he would bo justi- fied in pushing the matter to a division. Sir James M'Culloch seconded the motion, which was opposed on behalf of the absent Ministry by Mr. J. T. Smith. This gentleman contended that the matter was one for the Government to deal with ; that a largo amount of money had been received on ac- count of the new duties ; and that, to carry a resolution which would increase the existing deficiency would greatly ombarrass the Mi- nistry, add do them an indignity and an in- justice. Mr. Langton argued that, as the luto Ministry were ready to abandon their tariff, and judging from their speeches the present Ministry aid not agreo with it, it should in the interests of the country be aban- doned. Sir James M'Culloch maintained that tho practico was to drop the pro- ceedings of a retiring Government, but pressed to know if the new Government really opposed the withdrawal of tho resolu- tions. Mr. J. T. Smith replied that the Go- vernment, being out of the House, wero powerless ; but it was known that the Trea- surer was opposed to the increased duty upon colonially-distilled spirits and upon imported leaf tobacco, and that opposition would, ho believed, be carried into effect. The debate was carried further, but without changing tho position, and Mr. Francis withdrew his motiem, leaving the responsibility upon tho present Ministry. The House then rose till the 25ih July. IliV, IIINISTERIAI, POSITION IN (THE ASSEMBLY, "When the Legislative Assombly met and received tho announcement of tbo new Ministry, hon. members, of course, took thoir seats according to the now disposition of affairs. Although not a conclusive indication of how tho new Ministry will be supported and opposed, we give the order in which thoy sat as suggestive of tho result : GOVERNMENT BENCHES. Front Bench. I Mr. Mason (Empty) Mr. Farrell Second Bench. I Mr. Curtain Mr. A. T. Clark | Mr. J. Jones. BELOW GANGWAY. Mr. Burrowes Mr. Harker Mr. Hanna Mr. Richardson Mr. King Mr. Levion Mr. R. Walsh OPPOSITION BENCHES. Mr. Walker Mr. F. L. Smyth Mr. Philipps Mr. Whiteman Mr. Woods Mr. L. L. Smith, Mr. Bates Mr. Wrixon Sir Jas. M'Culloch Mr. Francis Mr. Macpherson Mr. Wilson Mr. Mackey Mr. Lobb , Mr. Williams BELOW GANGWAY, Mr. Crows Mr. Garrett Mr. W. Clarke Mr. James Mr. Burtt Mr. Ramsay Mr. G. V. Smith Mr. Riddell. Mr. Langton Mr. Stephen Mr. Gillies Mr. Russell Mr. Bayles Mr. MaoBain Mr. Casey Mr. J. T. Smith Mr. Macgregor Mr. Cohen Mr. Hopkins Mr. Johnstono Colonel Champ Mr. Bent Mr. Zoal Mr. Moore Mr, Patterson. Mr, Plummer Mr. Fraser Mr. Watkins Mr. Vale Mr. Fergusson Mr. Witt. Mr. Robertson. THE MINISTERIAL PROGRAMME. Tho Chief Secretary was the first of the new Ministry to address his constituents, which he did at Kyneton on Monday, June 20\. His speech was an able one. Having defended himself from the charge of in- triguing against the late Government, he indi- cated the course which tho new Government would tako, promising that for the previous policy of inaction the new Ministry would substitute a policy of action. First, as to the new land policy. This ho said would be to entirely vindicate tho principles of freo selection, which wero established by the Land Act of 1869, but which had been suffered by the late Ad- ministration to remain a dead letter. The rething Govornment had tu wat led the meaning of the Land Aot by tho multiplicity of their reserves from selection, which covered the map of the country like so many zebra stripes. These and other provisions by the late Government, such aa not permitting one selector to take up land on both sides of a road, &c;, were so many hindrances to freo selection, and would be at once abolished. Further, wherever the transferee was a per- son who would havo been originally entitled to select, and not a speculator or monopolist, the department would rccogniso his claims ¡ and also selectors would be enabled, through the Lands department, to obtain advances upon the security of their land. "Of coût se," continued Mr. Duffy, and tho words proved to bo important in a sonso he did not anticipate, " selection will -"? not be permitted on town or village lands, or reserves for public purposes, but beyond this no reserve will be main- tained, except reserves made for the benefit of the selectors themselves-that is to say, reserves for roads or access to water." A Fencing Act and an Impounding Act wore the necessary complement of the Land Act, and they should bo immediately laid before Par- liament, in accordance with the unfulfilled promise of previous Governments. Secondly, as to finance. The Government acknowledged a serious deficit, which they hoped to meet without furthor taxation or raising a larger sum at tho Customs-houso than Mr. Francis hoped to obtain. Were direct taxation necessary it should not be, as was the proposition of . the late Government, a tax on industry. Ho then accused the late Government of ex- travagance in putting by £300,000 for the now railway fund created by the Laud Act, tho money only getting 2 per cent, interest from the banks, while over a million of money of the North-Eastern Railway loan, _ for which we wero paying 5 per cent., remained unex- pended. (Tho same statement, as will be seen, was subsequently mado by tho new Treasurer, and contradicted.) The policy of the present Govornment would be to let in-on (i,nf cm Ann /n,v.;~i, .n""u h_ jMnn ann iuu_e mat Aouu.uuu ^wiiieiu weiuiu uei ***iAJ,e»uii at the end of the year), and spend it as soon as possible on cheap railways to open up tbo country. Thoir intentions in respect to the tariff was to carry out tho plan to which both protectionists and free-traders were agreed, namely, to effectively protect a limited number of articles capable of production here, and disembarrass trade of all other restrictions created by tbe existing tariff. As to the duties collected under the tariff resolutions just submitted by the late Govornmont, actions had been brought against the Government by certain soft-goods warehousemen to recover such duties, which wore declared to have boon ' illegally collected ¡ but the Government, re- garding this as a vindictive pioceoding, in- tended to defend such actions. As to othor lesB prominent questions the Government intended to bring in an Elec- toral Bill distributing members on the basis of population and constructing a systein whereby every man would obtain a vote with certainty and without inordinate effort. A Mining Bill, tho principle of which would be settled by members of the Government long familiar with the question, was also in pre- paration ; and a number of other bills, to-be announced at the proper time, were also to bo introduced. The question of public education would bo an open one with the Government As to tho 2,000 childien, now wards of the state in the various Government industrial schools, they would, as in other bettermonagedcountries, be taught rare and useful employments, and their labour thus made doubly reproductive. Such employments would include the preparation of dried fruit, the manufacture of olive oil, the bringing the culture of tobacco to perfec- tion, the production of silk, education in practical horticulture, floricultura,' and tho multiplication of seed plants and fruits ; and tbo aim of the Government would bo to ob- tain the aid as instructors of mon from foreign countries skilled in theso and othor industries. Finally, Mr. Duffy, after declaring that he would never join or support a Government which had a squatter at its head, announced an "Australian policy" in these terms:— "We are lifting an Australian flag, we are proclaiming an Australian policy, we are founding an Australian party, and no man shall govern this country hereafter without counting with them. We have begun this day a work which cannot be reversed. We have given the people at last what was long promised to them, and long delayed; and it is not in the power of any party or any con- spiracy to take back what we have given, or to withhold it hereafter." The speeches of the other Ministers were in the main repetitions of what Mr. Duffy had already said. Mr. Grant's address to his constituents at Inglewood contrasted advan- tageously with the deliverances of his col- leagues, especially in his avoidance of gasco- nade, and he added fresh matter by stating what the Government intended to do in the matter of railways. Ho said : " Wo propose to proceed with tho one national lino now in course of construction to the north-east, aud push it oii with the utmost possiblo rapidity. We also intend to proceed with the pink line from Ballarat to Ararat, the black line from Geelong to Colac, and the blao line from Castlemaine to Maryborough, Wo likewise propose, with economic construction, to go on with a line either connecting/Ballarat and , Maryborough, through Creswick, or from Castlemaine to Maryborough ; and it may be that if we carry out that lino from Ballarat to Maryborough, population will no doubt increase, and we may take it further to Tai nagulla, Dunolly, and on to Inglewood. Wo cannot expect this for years to come, but I believe, ultimately, a lino from Ballarat in the direction of Maryborough will bo one of the best paying, lines in Viotoria." Mr. Spensley made himself somewhat ridiculous before the electors of Portland by tho multi- tude of his promises, which included tho con- st íuctiori of a breakwater at Portland by con- vict labour, the foreshadowing of railway com- munication betweon Portland and Mel bourne, and tho half promise thot Portland should bo a terminus for the mail steamers. Lastly, Mr. Berry, at Geelong, made almost the greatest mistakes which a financier could commit, for he charged the lato Government with having so managed tho North-Eastern Railway loan as to borrow it at 5 per con t., and lodge thu money with tho associated banks at 2 per cent., and also with having invested the deposits of tho Post-offico Savings Banks at 2 per cent, while paying the deposi- tor 4 per cent. His fault lay in tho glaring fallacies contained in these statemonts, for the late Government, so soon as they ob- tained tho control of the funds derivable from the railway loan, invested the por- tion which was not to bo immediately ex- pended at 4 por cent, and further invested as much of tho Post-offico Savings Bank deposits as was possiblo in Government de- bentures bearing 5 per cent. In respoot to the financial policy of the new Government, neither Mr. Berry nor any other Ministor has spoken in othor than general torms, leaving a fuller explanation tobe made to Parliament when it meets. OPEBATION OF TUE MINISTEM-!. TOLIOY. The principal immed iate chango wrought by tbe policy of tho new Governmonthas been in the Landa department, whereto a certain ex- tent Mr. Duffy's "policy of action" has been re- deemed, butwithunlooked-foroffeots. Within a fortnight of his acceptance of office Mr. Grant had announced that selectors would no longer be confined to one side of a road, and on the 28th Juno tho Gazette announced the abolition of sundry of the " zebra stripes" and reserves. This prompt stop and tho magniloquenco of Mr. Duffy crcatod a wide spread sensation among would-bo soloctors, who took the Chief Secretary's promises for sober reality, and pegged out nearly every reserve in tho country. Of courso, 19 20ths of these applicants have already found that thoy are doomed to disappointment, for, in fact, the Government wero compelled to ac- knowledge that most of-the reservos mado by their predecessors wore for tho purposes of access or watering, the propriety of which could not bo overlooked, and that tho lato Minister of Lands had rescinded tho rosorva tions in evory case whero tho publio interest was not endangered by so doing. The country pnpors oro full of stories of tho pegging out of police paddocks, water front- ages, tracks in common uso, and commons, and of the bittor feeling created when it waa found that all this trouble had gone for nothing. It appears, indeed, to quoto from a recent issuo of this journal, " that thero is really no moro land worth having open for solection under tho Duffy-cto» Grant than tbero was under the M'Culloch-ctini-Mac nliorKmi ArlminîqtrnHrm " In other respects tho various Ministers bave been busy in their departments, and holding frequent Cabinot Councils in order to prepare their programme for the session, and the bills which thoy propose to introduco at onco. Theso last will include a Postal Act Amendment Bill, undor which penny postal cards, corresponding to the Eng- lish halfpenny postal cards, can bo issued. PROSPECTS OF THE MINISTHY. It is impossible to say that tho prospects of tho Government aro good, or tho revorso, until Parliament meets. When the Legisla- tive Assembly adjourned they cortainly had not a mojority in tho Assembly, nor anything like it ; but whether the samo amount of antagonism still oxists, or will be kept pas- sive, remains to bo seen. Mr. Duffy an- nounced that the foatures of tho Ministerial Parliamentary prog ram mu would not bo further disclosed till tho time carne, so that the minds of many hon. members cannot be yet made up, and, further, tho fact of two vacant portfolios lying at tho disposal of tho Cabinot must bo a sore stumbling-block to wavorors. The first batch of Ministers woro ro- olected without opposition, and it is doubtful whether opposition to Mr. Robert Walsh, tho now Attorney-Gonoral, will bo successful. Mr. Duffy and bia colleagues are to bo enter- tained at a bauquet at Sandhurst on the 20th July, and tbe question of how they stand with that part of tho country may then be in some measure answored. Of Sand« hurst it may be said, however, that its politi- cal mind has been equal to the ontortainmont at banquets of each of the three last Minis- tries in turn. It is a significant fact, that on tho third day after the new Govornment carno into powor thoro was a stiff olection contest in tho Central Province between Mr. Archibald Michie, Q-C, late Attorney-General, and Mr. Harcourt, late M.L.A. for Richmond, both being anxious to enter the Upper Houso. Mr. Michie supported the property-tax, which the other bitterly opposed, but tho result was the election of tbo former by a very large majority. _. A PRETENDED MESSIAH AT NUNA- WADING. One of the ovents of the month has been the disclosure of a remarkable case of reli- gious imposture, occurring in the agricul- turill district of Nunawading, situated about 13 miles from Melbourne, which culmi- nated in the arch impostor—a pretended Messiah—being prosecuted for obtaining money from one of his dupes, himself the catspaw of a rival Messiah. We have long had among us a small religious com- munity known as " Christian Israelites," founded by one John Wroe, who pretended to be prophetic and possessed of pseudo- divine powers, which latter were somewhat less credited when in 1863 he paid the debt of all ifesh, and disappointed those who be- lieved in his immortality. The doctrines he taught were in effect that the second advent, when God's promises to Israel would be ful- filled, was at hand. To this end it was necessary that there should be a great "in- gathering of Israel," viz., of the lost 10 tribes who had miscegenated with the Gentiles. These could only be got together by the opera- tion of the Divine Spirit filling the hearts of his chosen instruments in the work of collection. Consequently, the Christian Israelites claim to be those whom spiritual revolutions have shown to be of tho seed of Abraham, and their leaders indulge in spiritual visitations, trances, visions, and the interpretation of dreams. Laughable as it may seem, some of these impostors actually profess that they can perform miracles and heal diseases, which pretensions they support by the flimsiest testi- mony. As to healing diseases, they have, it seems, found out how easy it is to say "Be thou healed," and if the event does not come off, to have an opportune vision which satis- factorily explains the failure. Scandal has pointed to darker practices by this sect—to obscene rites and systematic concubinage; but these things have not been made quite clear. To proceed. About the time John Wroe was dying one Fisher, a farmer and charcoal burner at Nunawading, laid claim to be regarded as his successor, and offered proof of his having been divinely chosen and spiritually influenced. He went so far as to bring witnesses ready to testify that by his command a hot wind had changed into a cool one, but the moribund pro- phet declined to receive them, and Fisher was refused even an audience. He then returned to Nunawading, where he was surrounded by a few believers in him as divinely inspired. Having failed in getting himself acknowledged by the larger sect of Wroeites, he devoted himself with the more ardour to his little flock, which was dubbed the "Church of the Firstborn," and whose doctrines were similar to those of the Christian Israelites. Shortly after Wroe's death one of his followers, named Bignell, who had also sot up to be Wroe's successor, but whom that confraternity failed to recognise, went over to Fisher, and hecame a preacher under him. Another such preacher was one Andrew "Wilson, whose intellectual power and capa- city for imposture were by no means equal to those of the other two. In truth, credulity was his forte. It should here be mentioned that almost all the members of both these sects belong to the ignorant classes; that Fisher is utterly illiterate, and Bignell and Wilson not much better. Matters went on thus for some years till squab- bles arose. Bignell laid claim to powers incompatible with Fisher's supremacy, and upon the latter failing to cure one of Wilson's children, which persisted in dying, the father began to doubt whether his patron was really Christ, for it seems plain, in spite of subsequent denials, that Fisher used to tell the more foolish of his believers that ho was possessed of the spirit of Jesus Christ in a literal sense. It is difficult to make out from their jargon of semi- scriptural phrases what those poor people mean, but they have certainly got into a habit of regarding each other as divine, or half divine, as the case may be. Thus Wilson addressed Fisher in letters as "most revd. and holey lord." while Fisher claimed to have struck down his mother-in-law (who died of a paralytic stroke) for want of faith in bim. At last Bignell made up his plans to try and depose Fisher, and eventually in- duced Wilson to aid him to a certain extent. Then scandals began to go abroad. Fisher was declared to be living in concubinage with his wife's sisters, with having childron by each in turns, and with justifying such conduct by declaring himself "David, king of Israel," and entitled to similar privileges in respect to concubines. Whether these accu- sations are supported by evidence has not yet been shown, nor that Fisher is truthful in re- criminating that Bignell and Wilson had both been disgraced and excommunicated by,tbo "Church of the First-born," for "tampering with ladies," and "incon- sistency " (which is the church jargon for "incontinency.") Beyond all question such charges and counter charges are ren dered the more credible by the peculiar relations existing in the social circle of these people. The final coup came when avowedly to expose Fisher, Wilson summoned him to the Oakleigh Police Court, for obtaining money under false pretences. The case caused considerable excitement, and the court was , crowded to hear the revelations that were crowded to hear the revelations that were imposture and credulity, as told above, came out in all its sickening details, but of course the Court could only deal with the money part of the transactions, so the scandals about the women were not put into a much more defined shape than before. One statement made on oath by Wilson, as to the circumstance which led him to regard Fisher as a thorough impostor, shows an awful state of things. It was to the effect that after Wilson's child died, both he and his wife were in great trouble, and expressed their dissatis- faction with the many reasons Fisher gave for his failure. To console Mrs. Wilson, Fisher told her that she should have another child in which should dwell the spirit of the child departed. To quote his words, Fisher pro- mised that "a temple of human would be raised for that child's spirit." But this con- dition was attached to the promise, viz., that Wilson's want of faith rendered him unfit to be the father of the new child, and thus the "temple of human" must be raised up by himself (Fisher) and Mrs Wilson. However, the specific charge against Fisher broke down utterly. He had received "offerings" from Wilson, it was true, but there were cross ac- counts between the two, for Wilson had had money from Fisher for which he never ac- counted. Besides, as the magistrate said, the law could not protect such fools as Wilson, who, gave the money voluntarily, believing that Fisher was the Christ, although he could adduce no clear proof that Fisher even clearly represented himself as Christ. In fact, Fisher denies now having ever set up any Divine pretensions. At all events, the case was dismissed, and the exposure was com- plete, notwithstanding which the "Church of the Firstborn" and the community of "Christian Israelites"' continue to prosper, while the Protestant Christians among us are continually besought to send more mission- aries to the heathen in foreign lands. THE WORKS ON THE NORTH-EASTERN RAILWAY. Tho works en the first section of this line, which is to run from Molbourno to Albury, on the River Murray, uudortakon by Messrs. O'Grady, Leggatt, and Noonan, have beon pushed forward with the groatost expedition during the past favourable sea- son, and so great has been the energy dis- played on every portion of the Uno that the time lost in consequence of the continued wet woathor at the commencement of opera- tions, and the strike that took place as soon as tho mon got fairly to work, has beon almost mado up. The works of tho contractors commence at tho' Essendon Station, four miles and three quarters from Melbourno. Hero tho iron rails ceaso, and tho steel rails aro first seen. The difference between the two is very strik ing. To the casual observer tho old rails, with tho heavy chaire, prosent a much moro substantial appearance than the neat but slight-looking steel rails. The sleepers aro laid closer than on the Ballarat and Echuca lines, being only 2ft. lOin. apart, and at the junction of the rails two sleepers aro laid a 'foot apart. The fastenings of the rails for about a mile out of the Essendon station aro of a temporary cha- racter, as the new fastenings, called fangbolts, had not arrived when this portion of tho line was laid. -The fangbolts, which take the placo of the old chair with its chock of wood, are extremely simple, aud very light. The steel rail is not doublo, like the old iron one, and therefore cannot bo reversed when worn ; the breadth of the rail is also much thinuet : it rests on a broad flange, which is inclined inwards by the sleepor being cut to a depth of a quarter of an inch on the inside, running to nothing on the outside. The fang bolts are two a side on each sleeper. They consist of a square cup, with two pro- jections of about a quarter / of i an inch run- ning across on the sido noxt the sleepor in- tended to bito into the wood and hold the cup in its place, hence the name given to the bolts. This cup is placod on the undor part of tho slcoper, and the nut of the bolt, which fits it oxactly, is inserted into it, tho bolt is passed through an iron clip made to fit the Ilango of the rail, passed through the slooper, and screwed by tho head of the bolt into the nut below. When in position the appear unco of tho fastening is oxtromely noat. Tho weight of the fang bolts on each sleoper, with the necessary clips, docs not weigh above01b., while the fastenings for tho rail on a slcopor by the old method would weigh nearly CClb. The now method of fastening the rails is highly thought of by all the persons on tho line, though none of thom aro able to say how it will stand tho wear and tear of traffic It is thought that it will require vory close watching until, tho sleeper has dono shrink- ing. After running a mile and a half from Essendon, tho line gradually desconds into the pleasant little valley of Mooneo Ponds, at the entrance to which the contractors have fixed thoir head-quarters, Tho most noticoahlo featuro here is the imraonso stacks of redgum sleepers, all brought* from the valley of tho Murray, via Echuca. Thoro aro no less than 60,000 of those sleepors sproad along the nine miles of railway at prosont finlshod. They cost fully Ss. Cd. each boforo being placed on the ground, and aro as uno specimens of colonial timber as could be soon, The first work of any importance is the bridge across the Moonoo Ponds, which is 137ft long, built of iron girdors, laid on abutments and two piers of strong ma- sonry.,decked over with red gum planking Bin. thick. From here the line winds along iho valloy for about two milos, through vory, pretty scenery, tho land being noatly culti- vated, and the high banks on each side dotted with substantial-looking farm-houses. The only drawback to the beauty of tho viow is tho extremo scarcity of crowing timber. When nearly four miles from Essendon, tho line rises, at an incline of one in, CO, to tho elevated plateau stretching to Craigieburn. Tho scenery hore changes, and instead of pleasant farms, nothing is seen Jmt a bleak-looking grass country, of a most uninterosting aspect, except the villago of Broadmeadows, which is situated about two miles to tho left Hero tho lino is supplied «with ballast from two of Hope's stone breaking machines, worked by a portable steam-engine. Whon about two miles \- from whore tho Sydney road crosses tho line, tho engine is stopped, it not being allowed to go over any portion of the line until it is passed-by tho Govornmont engineer. The trucks, which oro pushed thufl far in front of the engine are now drawn for- ward for the short space that the rails are laid, bv horses, and by plenty of hands, under able direction, they are uuloaded in an in- credibly short space of time. s The method of laying the line adopted by the contractors can now be soon, and ia somewhat different from that hitherto followed in Victoria. Large pieces of tim- ber about a foot deep, called baulks, aro laid on tho embankment in the line of the rails, the sleepers are placed on these, the rails fastened in their places, and then the ballast waggons are brought along and the space under the sleepers filled with metal to a depth of from 10 inches to a foot ; the baulks are then removed, and the remaining space filled with metal and rammed. At Craigieburn the contractors are erecting no less than nine stone-breaking machines for the purpose of bupplying the line with ballast as far as Kilmore, and at the present rate of progress the permanent way should be finished to this point in about a week. Tho iron girder bridge across the Blind Creek is finished, and the largo bridge across the Merri Creek, which is about the same size as that across the Moonee Ponds, has all the stonework finished! Another bridgo across the Merri Creek, two miles and a half fur- ther on, is in the same condition. A bridge a mile further on, across a branch creek, and four bridges across the Dry Creek, are also only wanting the iron girders to be complete. The heavy embankment across that dreary stretch of country known as Herno's Swamp is finished. The bridges in this embankment as originally designed are now considered not sufficiently largo to carry off the water, and they aro to be enlarged. Very great difficulty is here experienced in getting a good foundation for the bridges, it having beon found necessary to pilo to a great depth. After crossing the swamp the line rises until the Big-hill cutting is reached. This cutting is 30ft deep, and will necessitate the removal of 46,000 cubicyards of earth. It is expected that this work will be finished in about a month. Up to this point tho earthworks are all ready for laying the permanent way. Between the Big Hill and Broadford, a distance of 15 miles, the earth- works are nearly finished, aud the largo cut- ting at Broadford is approaching completion. Between Broadford and Tullarook is the well known No. 110 cutting, from which noless than 48,000 cubic yards of earth havo to be removed. This heavy work is so far advanced, that if the contractors thought it necessary it could be finished in two months. From here to Seymour all the earthworks are finished. The heavy work of sinking the cylinders for the bridges across the River Goulburn and lagoons at Seymour, is being pushed forward, but the progress made, from the nature of the work, is necessanly slow. Several of the cylinders havo been sunk in the first lagoon, and the staging at the second lagoon is nearly ready. At this end of the works the contractors havo stacked about 20,000 red - gum sleepers, the greater portion of which have been cut in the valley of the Goulburn. The largo number of brick culverts on the line are expected to bo com- pleted in about) six weeks. The contract was entered into in May, 1870, and should tho weather prove at all favourable, the con- tractors confidently rely upon completing thoir heavy undertaking within contract time, which expires on the 31st March, 1872\. The fencing is finished for about 37 miles along the line from Essendon, with the exception of a few small gaps. The occu- pation gates, which are very numerous, aro all made of 3in. iron gas piping, tied with the same material of smaller size, with five solid iron rods between. Theso gates aro made by Mr. Dickens, of Geelong, from a design fur- nished by tee Government Railway depart- ment. The small wicket- gates are also con- structed of the same material, and are ingeniously contrived to be self-ckwing. At tho crossings, tho greatest pains are taken to preserve the position of the gate-posts. They are tied together undor the line by four pieces of redgum mea- suring 7in. by 5in., and bolted with 2ft bolts. By these means the gate-posts are far firmer in their positions than by the old process, and the objectionable struts above ground aro done away with. As the posts and ties are of the best redgum, they may be expected to lost for a very long time. Besides the arrange- ments for breaking metal with Hope's ma- chines made at various points, there are above tho Big- hill cutting no loss than 00,000 yards of hand-broken metal stacked along the line. The contractors have two locomotive engines at work on the line, one of which is the most powerful in Victoria. At presont thore are 30 ballast waggons employed, but as the length of the line is increased their num- ber will bo augmented. The letting of sub- contracts has for a long time been done away with. The men are paid fortnightly, and the employés MG now never put to inconvenionce by the inability of impecunious sub-contrac- tors to meot their engagements. THE SOUTH WHARF OF THE YARRA. The works at the second contract of the new wharf on the south bank of the Yarra have been proceeded with most expeditiously. Operations wero commenced on this portion of tho work by Messrs. Young and Co. on the Gth May, since when so great has been the expedition that considerably more than two thirds of the excavation have beon made. The rock was struck at the north end about 24ft. from the Burface, whence it rises quickly until it is about 5ft. from the surface, at which depth it continues for the rest of the excavation, Within a fow feet of the north end of tho cntting the rock dips very rapidly, and as the ground was beginning to give way, . about 24ft, of the solid wall of the wharf was built, six courses of stone being laid. This is the end of the stonework, and from this north the wharf will he constructed of jarrah timber. Tho contract for this portion, which is 480ft. in length, and includes tho portion first taken by Messrs. Young and Co, and abandoned in consequence of the impos- sibility of laying a stone foundation in such a shifting soil, has been undertaken by Messrs. James M'Kenzie and Co. Orders for the timber havo already been given, and opera- tions will be commenced almost imme- diately. The water in the excavation is quito Bait, and is pumpod out by means of a six-horse power vertical engine working two ordinary lift-pumps, the averago quan- tity of water lifted being4 about 23,000 gal- lons per day. The rock is very hard, and it bus been found necessary to blast it out all tho way down. This is done botweon the hours of 9 and 10 a.m. and 1 and 2p.m., evory caio being takon, by posting mon in the road, to warn passengers, so ns to avoid the chance of accident. Several descriptions of powder have beon tried by the contractois, tho American Eowdor, known as tho giant powder, aving been found tho best As this powder cannot bo obtained in Melbourne, tho con- tractors now use gun cotton alone. Though rathor expensive, this is by far the best adapted for the purpose, as the force of tho explosion is entirely directed against the rock, and it doosnot throw up portions in the same manner as ordinary blasting powder, thus almost entirely doing away with any dangor to passengers on tho neighbouring road. The charge of gun cotton, usually about 3oz., is enclosed in calico, and covered with a pre- paration for excluding the water obtained Í from the Patont Fuso Factory close by. This tis found necessary, as thora is so much water in tho rook_that tho drills are constantly filled. It is fired with colonial fuso, which is preferred on account of its rapidity. On one of theso charges being fired thero is a slight report, notmuoh greater than that occasioned by dis- charging a fowling-pieco, a very small puff of smoke, and a very few small shivers of rock aro thrown into tho air, but on examining tho boro the rock is found to bo shattered in overy direction, thus rendoring its removal easy. The wall is 10ft thick at tho founda- tion, running up to 4ft thick at the top, faced with dressed bluestone and backed with solid masonry. Tho stones, weighing from three quarters of a ton to ono ton and a half, aro obtained from Footscray, and are brought in drays, that transit being found cheaper than the cost of loading and unloading by water carriage. The contractors expect to finish their portion of the work in about two months, and it is probable that tho whole of tho con- tracts at present let (650ft in all) will be finished in about nine months. The removal of tho bank of earth and rock between tho wall and the river bed will then have to bo undertaken. This will bo a long job, as there is a large body of earth and rock to re- move, for which tenders have not as yet boon called. SMALLPOX ON SHIPBOARD. At tho usual fortnightly meeting of tho com "mitteo of the Chamber of Commerce, held on Monday afternoon, the Socrotary read a letter from Dr. M'Crea, the chief medical officer, enclosing a memorandum of .precautions necessary to bo taken by masters of ships coming to this port when the smallpox breaks out on board, and suggesting that the chamber should take measures for communicating the information to owners of vessels carrying on trade between Great Britain and this colony. Tho secretary was instructed to thank Dr. M'Crea for his suggestions, and also to send copies to the various shipping houses in the city. The following is the memorandum of the chief medical officer referred to-": « "It is very desirable that the attention of shipowners in Great Britain sending out ships to these colonies should be directed to the necessity of .taking every precaution to pre- vent their vessels bringing out contagious disease, and becoming consequently, liable to detention in quarantine¿>n their arrival here. At tho present time, wheû such an extensivo t pidemic of smallpox prevails in Great-Britain, such precautions are more than usually neces- sary. The crew and passengers of every vessel shonld on embarkation be subjected to a minute examination, to ascertain whether any signs of contagious disease, are present among thorn, and shonld any be detected.tho subjects of them should be prevented em- barking. Re-vaccination, as a protective mea- sure, should be urged on every person on board. No infant should be allowed on board who has not been vaccinated. If possiblo, a newly- vaccinated infant, for the supply of vaccine lymph, should be embarked. This measure, which is one of great importance, can in the case of a vessel carrying a largo number of passengers be generally secured. Under no circumstances should the vessel be allowed to depart without having' on boord an ample supply of vaccine lymph preserved in tubes. In the event of mallpox breaking out on the voyage, he individual attacked should be imme- diately isolated by being placed in a tempo- rary canvas houso erected either in the long- boat, or on the highest elevation on the upper deck, where the atmosphere can have free play round it. On no account should any attempt be mado to isolate the sick person between docks where the effluvia bo come more concentrated and are rendered more contagious. This plan was adopted on boaTd the Somersetshire, and the result was that the disease spread to one of the other com* partmonts, causing tho detention in quaran- tine of the vessel and the first and second class passengers 14 days after their arrival, and of tho third-class passengers 23 days. The whole of the passengors (or crow as the case may be) in the compartments of the vessel in which the disease breaks out ( shonld bo at once re-vaccinated : the whole of their clothes and bedding should at once be disinfected, such articles as will not spoil by the procoss should be soaked in boiling water ; other articles that the boiling water would spoil should be hung up in the com- partment when it is being fumigated. The compartment should be entirely and tho loughly scrubbed out with hot water and soap, and then kept filled for two hours with tho fumes of burning sulphur, every crevice and opening being carefully stopped to pre- vent their escape. By obsorving and carrying out theso few simple directions the masters of vessels will, in all probability, avoid the expense and delay of detention in quarantine of at least 14 days after their arrival." THE MAIL SERVICE VIA SAN FRANCISCO. We have received from the Sydney agent . he following copy of the time-table, showing i ho dates of the arrival and departure of Hall's line of San Francisco mail steamers : OUTWARD ROUTE HOMEWARD BOUTE, Leave. Holbourne Leave Sydney. Arrive sod Depart, Fiji. arrive and Depart, Honolulu. Arrive and Depart, Sun 1 Francisco. Arrive and Depart, New York. Arrive, Liverpool Leaves Liverpool. Arrive and Depart, New York. Arrive and Depart, San Francisco. Arrive and Depart, Honolulu 5 Arrive and Depart, Fiji. Arrivo, Sydney. Arrive, Melbourne lUy 1.. Slay 4. May 12.. Moy 24.. June 2.. June 9.. June 19.. June 4 Jane 14.. June 21.. June 30.. July 12.. July 20.. July 23 Vlay 29.. Juno 1.. Juna 9.. Juno 21.. June SO.. July 7.. July 17.. Juno 24.. July 4.. July 11.. July 20.. lue. 1.. Aug. 9.. Aus:. 12 June 28.. July 1.. July 0.. July 21.. July 30.. ¿tut;. 6.. Au?. 16.. July 22.. Aug. 1.. Aug. 8.. Auf?. 17.. AUK. 29.. Sept. 6.. Sept. 0 July 28.. July 29_ Au-r. 6.. Aug. l8.. Au¿. 27.. Sept. 3.. Sept 13.. Aug. 19.. Au¿. 29.. Sept. £.. Sept. 14.. äept 26.. Oct. 4.. Oct. 7 Aue. 23.. Aug. 26.. Sept. 3.. Sept. 15.. Sept. 24.. Oct. 1.. Oct. 11.. Sept. 16.. Sept. 26.. Oct. 3.. Oct. 12.. Oct. 24.. Soy. !.. Nov. 4 Sept. 20.. Sept. 23.. Oct. 1.. Oct. IS.. Oct. 22.. Oct. 29.. Nov. 8.. Oct. 14.. Oct. 24.. Oct. 31.. Nov. 9.. Nov. 21.. Nov. 29.. Dec. 2 Oct. l8.. Oct. 21.. Oct. 29.. tiov. 10.. Nov. 19.. Nov. 26.. Dee. 6.. Nov. 11.. Nov. 21.. Nov. 28.. Dec. 7.. Oec. 19.. Dec. 27.. Oec. 30 Nov. 16. Nov. l8.. Nov. 26.. Dec. 8.. Dec. 17.. Dec. 24.. Jan. 3.. Dee 9.. Dec. 19.. Dec. 26.. Jan. 4.. Jan. 16.. Jan. 24.. Jan. 27 Ofc. 13.. Oec l8.. Dee 34.. Jan 5.. Jan. 14.. Jan. 21.. Jan 31.. JJUO. 6.. Jan. 16.. Jan. 23.. Feb. 1.. Feb. 13.. Feb. 21.. Feb. 24 DEFENCES AND VOLUNTEERS. Wo havo little news to give under this head. Thero was some talk of calling out the volun- teers on July 1 (which is observed as a holi- day, in celebration of the anniversary of our separation from Now South Wales), and employing tjiem in practical military opera- tions which would extend over eight or nine miles of unfamiliar country, but the idea was given up. In reply to a deputation ire ni the Victorian Rifle Association, the new Treasurer informed thom that, though he hoped to find money for a grant in aid of their objects, yet it would only be in case he found himself enabled to carry out ? er tain large anticipated reductions in the \ ote for defences. This points to a possible stop being put to the intended purchaso of new war.material and additions to our forti- fications. Finally, weareablo to congratulate ouiselves on the fact that the Cerberus monitor has been entirely stripped of her fen. going hamper, and is now ready for ser- vice. She has taken in her coal, and will probably bo taken out on a trial trip in a fow days. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. Parliament was prorogued, after a long session, on the 24th Juno. Tho principal topic of congratulation in the speech was the benefits expected to bo derived from the harbour defences and the new military force. One or two somewhat important bills intro- duced in the last few weeks of the session did not pass. For instance-the bill to amend tho Civil Service superannuation system and the bill to authorise the borrowing of a million for railway purposes. The Assembly has recommended the appointment of a commis- sion to inquire into the working of tho superannuation fund. Tho Government with- drew the Loan Bill until next.session. Tho Customs revenues for tho first five months of tho year show an inorcase of £21,000 over th a corrc8pondin g period of 1870. His Excel louey the Governor and the Countess of Belmore aro on a visit to Now Zealand. In tbo absenco of Lord Belmore, the Chiof Justice acts as administrator of the Govern- ment, Tho number of members required to form the nucleus of a defence corps has boon ern oiled. A despatch from theSeeretary of State expresses dissent from tho action of the Governor in releasing Hovell, master of the Young Australian, olid Hangi, one of the crow, com icted of the murder of sevoral Polynesians on board that vessel in tho South Seas. Tho liberation of Levinger, of the same party, through a miscarriage of justice, could not bo regarded as a satisfactory reason for the liberation of the others. The Cabinet adopted a minute on the subject, which has been for- warded to the Secretary of State. Thoy say " they aro of opinion that the release of these persons was justified on the ground that the conviction was either an erroneous one, or based on evidence altogether insufficient lo warrant it in so serious a case. Tho Cabinet desiro to place on record their opinion that in the administration of criminal justice in this colony, it is neither expedient nor constitutionally regular that their advice to His Excellency should be sought to be overridden by the Secretary of State." The two separate lines of steamers are likely to be kept running from Sydney to San Fran- cisco until the end of the year, when tenders are to be received for the mail service. At present the traffic is scarcely enough for one of the lines. Considerable interest was taken by the Sydney folk in the departure on Satur- day week of the s.s. City of Adelaide, in con- nexion with Mr. Halls line via Fiji. She took a consignment of 250 bales of~wool for a Californian factory. Salmon ova' are to bei brought over from San Francisco on the1 return voyage. JÍr. Eagar, .formerly colonial Treasurer, and some years ago a prominont man in political affairs, has been appointed inspector of public accounts, with the salary of £650 a year Preparations aro being made to celebrate the centenary of Sir Walter Scott. H.M.S. Virago, which has been replaced on tbe Australian station'by H.M.S. Basilisk, has sailed from Sydney for England. Au ex- tensive deposit of rich tin ore has been dis- covered near Inverell, and steps have been taken to open a mine ; specimens of the oro forwarded to Sydney, yielded 70 per cent, of metal. The gold diggings at Gulgong aro reported as developing rapidly. "Rushes" have taken place to other parts of the Mudgee district. Rich cruahings have been obtained at the Tambaroora quartz reefs. One lot, of 35cwt, yielded nearly l.OOOoz. of Bold. A fifth share in a claim sold for £4,000, Favourable reports have beon received from the copper-field discovered at the back of the Dalling ranges. The ore seems to bo plentiful. The distance of the field from tho River Darling is 100 miles. The new Sydnpy sovereign, with its copper alloy, will be similar in colour to the English coin ; on the roverse side, instead of the gar- land and the word "Australia," there will be the Imperial ceat of arms, and at tho joining stems of the wreath a small "S" to signify that the coin has been issued at Sydney. Sugar making promises to become as success- ful an industry at Wagga as it is on the northern coast town districts of the colony. But somehow New Sonth Wales has been vpry unfortunate in its new industries. Not long ago they wound up the Fitzroy Iron Company, and the Liverpool Paper Mills havo been recently closed, and now two other properties aro brought to tho hammer, both of which at one timo promised great things namely, the Cudgegong Cinnabar Mine, and the Hartley Kerosene Mine. It is these re- peated failures that so damp enterprise, and create the run on 'Government debentures, the interest on which, if small, is at least sure. Captain M'Farland, formerly the largest South Sea trader in Sydney, was found dead a few. days ago in Rolfe's timber-yard. His body had been partly eaten by rate A druggist at Gulgong, named Charles Zimmler, has boen committed for trial for manslaughter, for carelessly administering liquid ammonia to a child 11 months old, and thereby causing1 death. Mice are stated to be in myriads on the Riverinaplains, and their abundance is at- tributed to the destruction of snakes byrecent floods. A serious affray occurred on board the shipWinnifredj in Sydney harbour, onthe22nd June. The chief ofiicer, Mr. Payne, was twice «tabbed by a seaman named Foxcroft, who is now awaiting trial. Three of the crew of the ship Himalaya, from England to Sydney, bave been sentenced to three months' impri sonment for mutinying on the voyage out. A man named Savage was murdered at Para- matta a fortnight ngo ; and his brother bos been committed for trial for having killed him. Two Chinamen lately tried to stick up the Araluen mail, which was carried on horseback by a boy ; but the boy escaped, and the men were sub- sequently apprehended. A worm disease has been discovered among pigs at Richmond. The worms were found in abundance in the kidney of the pig ; they were about ljin. long, and bi-sexual. The Sydney Rifle Club ?ost the international match with Bristol by one point . SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Northern Territory occupies a promi- nent place in public attention, and a good deal is being done to make known the ad- vantages which a settlement there holds out. The South Australians don't see why Port Darwin should not become as great a place as Singapore, and look forward to the open ing of a trade with the Moluccas, Bandai and Arru Islands. In the meantime, the erection of the overland telegraph wiro is r-eing pushed on. The sea cable to con- nect Java and Port Darwin is expected to arrive in October, and to be laid before the end of December. Asorious hitch has occurred with the contractors for tho northern section of-the overland line, and they have been re- lieved of the work. The contractors have returned to Adelaide with the greater pro- portion of their men, and- legal proceedings are threatened. Considerable activity will now have to bo shown by the Govern- ment to prevent the opening of the line from being delayed beyond the end of the year. Tho Government have decided to send a steamer to Port Darwin ; and Arrangements are about to be made for lho conveyance of stock overland from the adjacent colonies. The telegraph sta- tions, for which plans aro now being pro parid, will be erected at distances of from 150 ,to 180 miles apart. They will be substantially built of stone, and attached to each thero will be two tanks capable of holding 15,000 .allons of water, to provide for seasons of drought. At Port Darwin there will be a central office. The British company will keep one large steamer constantly at Port Darwin to repair the cable. Operators havo been despatched to different points along the line of route, so that telegraphing may begin as soon as the northern and southern sections of the line meet Tho desire of the South Australian people that the P. andO. Company's steamers should touch at Glenelg, or somo equally convenient port on the coast, is likely to be accomplished, 'inasmuch as the Governments of several of the othor colonies havo expressed themselves roady io agree to it, provided the deviation is not allowed to cause a lengthening of the voyage. The past quarterly return of revenue nnd expenditure is very satisfactory. The revenue amounts to £212,000, and the expen- diture to £169,000. Customs and railways .show a large increase. A sample of oil obtained from olive berries grown at Adelaide has been favourably reported upon by a Loudon firm, who mention that it bos been thought worthy <<i comparison with the choicest oil from Italy. 'I he Silk Association havo planted about 3,000 trees, and Abyssinian tube wells are to be used for irrigation purposes. An influential meet- ing has been held in the district south-east to « stablish a company for the growth of sugar beet. A committee of substantial men was ap- pointed to take the necessary steps to carry out the object of the meeting. The erection of St Peter's Anglican Cathedral is to be at once proceeded with, tenders having been accepted. The action of tbe North Australian Com- pany against the Government in connexion with the Adam Bay settlement in the north, after having been 12 months before the law courts, has resulted in a verdict for £19,000 against the Government ;-but the matter is not ended yet. A bailiff named Garraway has been murdered, in the execution of his duty, by a German named Carl Jung, in the Hundred of Caroline. Jung, against whom a verdict of wilful murder has been recorded Ly_ a coroner's jury, has confessed to the crime. Dividends have been declared by oublie companies as follows:-Mercantile Marine Insurance, 10 per cent. ; Bank of Adelaide, 8 per cent. QUEENSLAND. Last Summary it was stated that a dead- lock had occurred in the Legislative Assembly, owing to the equal division of parties on tho question of railway extension, and that the Government had carried a motion for ad- journing the Houso tiU November. Parlia- ment has since been dissolved, and tho. las writ is returnable on the'5th October. Mr Gilbert Eliott an old colonist, and Speake' of tho Legislative Assembly from 1860 until, the general election of last year, has died at tho age of upwards of 70 years. The eleventh annual report of the Board of Kducation furnishes information respecting ibe working of the system of free education. I1 or the last l8 months tho entire cost of in- struction bos been borne by tho state. The rolls for 1870 include the names of 10,227 tbildien, while the return for 1869 showed only 11,087. In 1869 thero were 89 school de- partments in operation. At the closo of 1870 these had swelled to 111, tho greatest previous increase having been from 73 to 89, .in the preceding year. The number of schools in 1870 was 68; the number of teachers, 226, The total expenditure for tho year was £26,868. The -Queensland papers have re- cently published a detailed list of the crush ings at tho Gympie. From them it would appear that the total quantity of stone crushed from October, 1867, to the end of April, 1871, was about 34,000 tons, for a yield of 139,379oz. lOdwt, of gold, which gives an average of over 4oz. of gold to the ton-the highest average on record from any gold- field, either in Australia or elsewhere. This, calculated at £3 15s. per ounco, will give a net return of £522,071 Cs. sterling. In the detailed lists above referred to, an instance is given where tho stone gave a return of over l.OOOoz. to the ton, whilst tb ere were several large parcels which ran from lOoz. and 20oz. to COoz. andlOOoz. to the ton. Mr. Longfield, of the Strathalbyn Station, near Bowen, in the north, has been murdered by some blacks from whom ho endeavoured to recover two black boys. The aborigines are of a troublesome sort in that part of tho country. The immigrant ship Shakspeare has arrived at Maryborough, from Hamburg, 'and' has been' placed in quarantine, having six cases of smallpox on board. - TASMANIA. His Excellency the Governor and Mrs. Du cane are on a visit to South Australia. The difficulty with reference to the Duke of Edinburgh's portrait 'has been solved, Messrs. Overend and Robb, the contrac- tors for the Launceston and Western Rail- way, have purchased the picture, and prej sented it to the Launceston Mechanics Institute. The agricultural statistics show an estimated surplus for the year of 328,130 bushels of wheat. There aro under cultivation 3,000 acres less than last year. The Tasmanian Gold-mining Company,* formed to purchase the United Victorian Tasmanian Company's claim and plant, has been successfully floated. The last crushing of tbo City of Hobart claim, Black Boy, ave- raged loz. 5dwt The other claims aro pro- mising, but operations are retarded for want of wnter. The directors of the Van Diemen's Land Bank have declared a dividend 'at the rate of 10 por cent, per annum. Mr. Josiah Pitcher, of Launceston, and Mr. Joseph Penny, of Hobart Town, old colonists, are dead. Mr. Konnerly bos been elected a mem- ber of the Upper House. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The Legislative Council has been prorogued until tho 10th July. There has not been much stir in political matters. A monster meeting was held at Perth on tho 9th June, in con- nexion with the Free Trade League, to peti- tion the Government to put a duty on flour and repoal tho duty on wheat. The principal speakers were the Colonial Secretary and tho Attorney-General, and the proceedings seem to have been pretty unanimous. Mr. Brown, the Government geologist, has returned from an exploration north of Champion Bay. Tho primary object of his search was gold, which has not yet been found in payable quantities, but the country he traversed shows indica- tions of gold sufficient to encourage the careful prospecting of many localities. Ho believes that there is a wide field for the employment of capital on the copper- field there, on account of the many out ci ops of ore at the surface, the number, -size, and extent of the veins, the area of country over 'which they occur, and tho quantity of ore which has been raised from the comparatively moderate depth yet reached. The number of mines in operation since the opening of the district was about ten ; but, owing to want of capital, all but two had collapsed. NEW ZEALAND. Affairs in New Zealand still continue in a quiescent state, and it seems probable, if the policy adopted by the present Government is persevered in, that for a time, at least, they will remain BO. Far-seeing persons, how- ever, imagine that it is possible to carry con- ciliation too far, and that the result will be that, soonor or later, more vigorous measures vt ill have to be resorted to before the native difficulty is finally solved. That great un- easiness is felt on the subject is evident from the anxiety with which the movemonts of even the friendly tribes aro watched. The intelligence that the natives are gathering, even when the avowed object of the meeting is to discuss matters relating to themselves alone, always occasions alarm, and the settlers in tho disturbed districts have only just recovered from a panic of this descrip- tion. Considerable opposition is being ex- hibited against the Government scheme for running roads and telegraph lines through the unsettled districts, and thus opening up country which has hitherto remained almost unexplored. Up to the present time no col- lision had actually occurred, but on moro than one occasion the danger seemed imminent. Recently, a messenger carrying Government telegrams from Cambridge to Rotorua tv as intercepted by theKing's cavalry, und turned back, and the Ohinemuri mail has also been stopped, and the Government demand for restitution refused, unless a final assurance is given that the passage of a mail this way will not again be surreptitiously attempted. The action of the Government in respect to this demand has not yet been made public, but a contract for completing telegraphic communication between the noith and south has been accepted. As usual, the friendly chief Ropata is reported to bo in pursuit of Te Kooti, but he does not seom any nearer effecting his cap- ture than ho was 12 months ago. A more serious item of news is, that tho rifles supplied to tho friendlies aro said to be pass- ing into tho hands of the insurgent chief, who will nor be likely to lot them grow rusty for want of work. Of political matters thero is little or no- thing to say, except that the General As lembly is summoned to meet for the despatch of business on the 14th August. The Govern- ment havo been endeavouring to strengthen their position, by adding to their ranks, but hitherto their propositions havo not been very favourably entertained by several lead- ing men who have been communicated with. The advisability of adhering to the provincial form of government in forco throughout the colony has again attracted public attention. Recent disclosures show that the financial position of seveial of the provinces is the teverso of satisfactory. The Wellington Pro- vincial Council appear to be in great difficul- ties. With an estimated revenue of only £34,000, tho expenditure required for all pur- poses for the current year is £72,000. In Otago, too, the Provincial Government are contending with great financial difficulties ; but both provinces aro making strenuous efforts to retrieve their position rather than relinquish their present lorm of Government. The position of tho colony, as a wholo, is not considered to be at all gloomy. The im- petus given to mining by tho astonishing bucccBS of tbo Thames gold- field has produced a marked effect, and the railway works, which are now being prosecuted vigorously in various parts of the colony, afford employment to many, and tend to develop the resources of the colony. No falling off is yet apparent in the yield of the Caledonia mine, on the Thames, and the success of this gold-field does not seem, likely to depend solely upon this extraordinary claim, for rich ground is being opened up in other directions. It is estimated that gold of tbo value of £500,000 has already been taken from the Caledonia claim, and in a recent report the mining manager states that "a seam of solid gold is in sight" The proposal to amalgamate the Otago University with the New Zealand University, which was constituted last session by tho General Assembly, has fallen through. The Otago Council, accordingly, pursue their own course, and bave recently appointed four pro- fessors, and the first academical.session will commence next month. The Council of the New Zealand University have contented themselves for the present with the establish- ment of a number of scholarships. They propose that the University should have no fixed abiding place, and that colleges in various towns should bo affiliated to it, and that the examinations for degrees should be held alternately in each important centre. The Rev, S. T. Nevill has been consecrated Bishop of '-Dunedin. Ho was inducted on the 4th June, the Bishops of Wellington and Nelson being the preachers. Four convicts from Western Australia, describing themselves as English Fenians out on recognisance to return to Sydney, landed at Lyttelton some weeks back, ana were arrested. They havo sinco been liberated, on giving bail to leave the colony and proceed to Sydney. _ FIJI. ESTABLISHMENT OF CONSTITUTIONAL OOVEItN MUNT. England and America having definitely declined to grant a protectorate, anothor effort is being made by the European settlers of Fiji to carry out in some modified form the constitution granted by Thakombau some four years ago, when be was publicly crowned by the whites with a diadem made to order by a local carpenter. A Ministry has been formed to give effect to this constitution, which is founded on that of the Hawaiian Government. The members of the Ministry are :-Sydnoy Charles Burt, Premier and Minister of Finance ; George Augustus Woods, Minister of Interior Affairs ; John Templo Sogar, Minister of Trade and Commerce ; Ratu Savanco, Minister of Native Affairs ; Ratu Ti moci, Minister of War and Police ; and Janies Cobban Smith and G ustavus Hennings, "mom hers of the Executive Council." " On the 5th June," says the Fiji Times, "the principal chiefs and tho foreign residents were in- vited by tho king to hear a declaration of the policy of the Government The placo of meeting was in front of the Wesloyan Mission- houso, Levuka, where a platform was erected,'together with a flagstaff. Seats were distributed about the ground for the public. At about 3 o'clock a salute of 21 guns was fired from the Jeanie Duncan, Thakombau's vessel, which was decorated with flags ; and shortly after, a white flag, upon which was a crown, a red shield, and a bird, upon which many speculations werehazardedas to whether it were a dove or an eagle, was run up on the flagstaff ; and Thakombau-at whose appear- ance the guard made the usual sign of obeisance, oy crouching down and uttering the interjection, "Duowo ¡"-appeared on the platform, attended by about a dozen whites. Among the principal were Mr. S. C. Burt (lato of Sydney), and Lieutonant Woods, R.N. (lately of the Melbourne surveying ship Victoria); also, Dr. Brower, Rev. Father Breberet, Messrs. J. C. Smith, J. T. Sagar, W. H. Drew, W. M. Moore, &c.; A pro- clamation was then read by Mr. Drew, in which a certain constitution (framed in 1867) was referred to as the basis of the present movement ; and the attention of the Govern- ment was promised to several matters of importance which were enumerated. This proclamation was then road to the chiefs and other natives in the Fijian language by Mr. W. M. Moore, interpreter. Thakom- bau then retired, accompanied by the othor occupants of the platform, and the flag was hauled down and the guard dismissed. No ..ooner, however, had the platform been vacated than it was taken possession of by the whites-first by a Dr. Marshall, whom Lieutenant Woods vainly attempted to dis t-uade from ascending, but who persisted in doing so, backed by the crowd, which had heretofore confined itself to tho laconic expressions known as chaff usual on such occasions. Speeches wero then made antago- nistic to the proceedings of the day, and a motion for adjournment to the reading-room the sameevemug was carried, when the crowd Fcparatcd with three cheers for_ the Queen. As might be expected, a noisy meeting ensued, and a motion by Mr. Mercy of approval in the Government itself, but objec- tion to the Ministers selected and the man- ner of nomination, was overruled by one from Dr. Ryley condemnatory of the whole. Other motions were then passed, and a committee appointed to watch the affair and inquire into the nature and construction of the proposed constitution. Since its an- nouncement of formation, the Ministry has been steadily at work, and seems determined to corry out its measures irrespective of tho feelings or opinions of the public. A Govern- ment office has been opened, at which the new flag is daily seen floating ; and several < ificial notices and appointments, under the band of Sydney Charles Burt, Premier, have appeared in our new paper, the Fiji Gazette and Central Polynesian, which seems to have been chosen as the Government vehicle." It is said that the Hawaiian Government intends recognising the new Fijian Govern- ment. As a sort of curiosity, and by way of illus- trating the manner in which the advisers of Thakombau are using the forms of constitu- tionalism in some state papers which have been published in the newly-established Fiji Gazette, we quote from the first number the following proclamation, in which Thakombau ib made to speak in right royal style : "TO MY SUBJECTS AND FOREIGN RESIDENTS » IN FIJI. "The daily increasing foreign population in my dominions, introducing the customs, habits, and commerce of highly civilised nations, has caused me serious consideration. "Many foreigners have acquired by pur- chase and lease considerable areas of land, upon which they are expending much capital und exercising great skill and labour. "It is, therefore, clearly evident that to preserve that perfect harmony which should i xist between the two races to facilitate tho increasing European commerce, to establish foreign relations, a properly constituted Go- vernment has become an absolute necessity. "I have, therefore, accepted the services of the gentlemen named in my proclamation to form an Executive to administer the Govern ment in accordance with the Constitution adopted in 1867, at the earnest desire of the foreign residents, and accepted by my chiefs, who have since been ruled by those laws alone. 1 ' This constitution is similar in principle to that of tho Hawaiian Government, which has been in successful operation (upon a very moderate expenditure) nearly 40 years ; it provides for a houso of representatives, civil and religious liberty, simple and inexpensive courts of justice, and equal rights. "The labour question, both foreign and do- mestic, is one that will demand the most serious consideration of my advisers. "My relations with the chiefs throughout my dominions are of the most friendly nature, und such as to insure their united support to this measure. "The attention of my Government will bo at orce directed "1. To measures for the adjustment of titles and claims to lands. "2. To the survey and management of public lands. ? "3. Tbo protection of European residents itnd property. ' ' 4, The appointment of magistrates. "5. An adequate postal system. " G. A bank of deposit and issue guaranteed l>y the Crown, and secured on public lands und revenues. ' ' 7. The fédéralisation of the various chief tioms, and, the gradual blending of their interests with those of my Government. "8. The recognition of my Government by ? he foreign powers with whom I have hitherto r.ot had any intercourse. "To you I now confidently commend my Government, conscious of its deep importance to yourselves, and, under Divine Providence, iho great future which its careful and just administration will open for Fiji. " (Signed) "CAKOBAU." The second number of tho Fiji Government Gazette comes out with a sort of manifesto, t-igncd "Sydney Charles Burt, Premier," as follows : "TO THE rOREION RESniENTS IN FIJI. "Ministers think it advisable that they t-hould now offer some explanation of the causes that led to the appointment of the Executive by the King. "1, The largely increasing European popu- lation. "2. Tho growing want of confidence in commercial matters. "3. The loudly expressed hesitation of merchants and capitalists in the colonies to deal with investments in Fiji until a form of f-overnment bad been adopted, together with the advent of a mail postal service from the Australian colonies to America, making Le- vuka a port of call, necessitating public works of some magnitude, to insure the safe and perfect navigation of these waters, and the fact that £300,, the cost of the preliminary works lately undertaken, was subscribed by five individuals in Levuka, led to a consulta- tion with Cakobau for the purpose of induc- ting him to place aside funds or securities to carry out the object sought " Cakobau, after much thought, saw no way out of the difficulty, except by the formation of a Government in conformity with the Bau Constitution of 1867. "A member of the present Executive, after much persuasion, undertook the responsibility upon the oxpress understanding that no public meeting was to be called, Cakobau's experi- ence ofsuch meetings as only loading to re- peated failures, and entire want of co operation amongst the white residents. "With much reluctance, the gentlemen named in tho King's proclamation of tho 5th inst. accepted office, upon the condition that they wero to bo at liberty to amend the Constitution in such way as, to render it acceptable, and adapted to the altered cir- cumstances and requirements of the islands. In furtherance of which you will, by referenco to the Government Gazette of this date, notice that delegates have been summoned to meet at Levuka on the 1st of August, the earliest date possible, consistent with the widely scattered districts, the present uncertain com- munication, and the time necessary to make the elections. " Thoughtful men must admit the necessity of a system of responsible government, the want of a revenue for public benefit, the ad- justment of titles to land, and the other im- portant matters referred to in the King's address. "Taking, then, all these matters into con- sideration, the daily reproach of the colonial newspapers upon our supposed lawless state, the refusal of Great Britain and the United States to accepta cession of tho islands, tho want of unanimity amongst the foreign residents left no course open but the one adopted. "Ministers have accepted offlco with a full knowledge of the deep responsibilities they incur, and that in the exercise of their func- tions they consider themselves -as much your representatives as the King's advisors. " They ask, therefore, your consideration ; promising that, until a House of Representa- tives ' be assembled no matters, except of urgent public necessity, will be initiated. " Ministers aro fully awaro of the erroneous impression existing in tho minds of many European residents respecting the right of the Vuni Valu to assume the title of King of Fiji, and for general information shortly publiahod in the Government Gazette a document from which it will bo seen that evory ruling chief in these islands has acknowledged Cakobau to 'bo their sovereign ruler, and havo sworn alle- giance to him in the most solemn manner. " SIDNEY CHARLES BURT, Premier. " Government Offices, Levuka, June !»,' 1871." The noxt notification in this Fiji Gazette is signed by both "Cakobau" .and "Sydney Charles Burt, Premier," and divides the whole of the Fiji group into 19 districts, appointing "members" to each-in some cases one, in othors two, who are "to meet at one council chamber, at Levuka, on the first day of August, one thousand eight hun- dred and seventy-one.for the purpose of amending the Constitution Act," &c.; The Stormbird, schooner. Captain Hurley, while in quest of Polynesian labourers for Queensland, was attacked by natives on the island of Aoba, on the 14th April. Mr. Geudio, tho mate, Wm. Wallace, a seaman, and a South Sea Islander received wounds from poisoned orrows, from which they died on the sixth day following. GOLD AND'THE GOLDFIELDS. The gold-mining industry has been steadily pursued on all the various goldfields of the colony during the past month. Although no very startling intelligence of big nuggets or heavy finds has been chronicled, the in. creasing prosperity and extension of the quartz reefs in tho Bendigo or Sandhurst dis- trict, together with their now assured por manpney of character, and tho remunerativo progress of mining in other districts, have proved that gold-mining will bo carried on in this colony as an extensive industry for gone rations yet to como, and, further, have dis- pelled the gloomy ideas which some persons, several years ago, wero in the habit of circulating, that the yield of gold hore would speedily diminish, and ere long dwindle away altogether. A month scarcely evor passes by'uow without the discovery of 'gold in some fresh ground in the colony where hitherto it had not beon found; and though these discoveries may not as a rule attract lutge populations in the first instance, thoy all moTo or less retain some of the persons upon them whom they attracted, and thus give remunerative employment to a settled population, by whom the future extension and prosperity of tho gold-field is often ac- complished. So much has confidence in this industiy been increased latterly, that there is some danger of speculation, in mining i-hares being corried too far, as it has often been carried before ; but investors are now more cautious respecting mining property than they were six or eight years ago, and it is not likely that they will bo led much astray in the direction indicated. Gold,bos in past times been found in this colony in places and in directions where it was never expected. Gold reefs havo been discovered so often by sinking for, and at othor times quite acci- dentally where cropping out of the sur- face, and in holes sunk for alluvial gold, and so many claims have turned out most valuable property when thoy were at first lightly esteemed, and in many instances after they had been deserted by their finders -that it is now a recognised fact that gold digging must always be regarded somewhat in the light of a venture, whether by the miner himself or the investor, and that speculation, if carefully ond legitimately carried on, is not only nectssary, but most desirable, if the unearthing of tho immenso riches which lie buried in this country is to be accomplished. At Ballarat, mining matters aro reported on as being somewhat dull. Of late, however, many working miners have formed them- selves into co-operative companies to prospect the country in and around Ballarat on their own liability, more particularly in .Ballarat East, whero some alluvial around has lately btc-u discovered on the "Flat." There aTo now, and havo been for some time, about l8 or 20 quartz claims worked in this district, on what is known as the Dead Horse Range, and the returns of these companies aro well re- ported of.' The prospect of affairs in the Sandhurst quartz mines appears brighter than ever, and the greatest activity is being displuj ed in all parts of tho district. The permanency of the older quartz reefs is shown by the fact that tho gold-bearing reefs aro being proved at comparatively great depths. In the Coll mann and Tacchi mine, profitably worked for many years from the surface downwards, rich stone was struck a few days ago at a depth of 730ft, and this experience is general rather than exceptional in all the mines of the district. Many of the more ro cently-worked reefs, and those now ia course of being opened out, are also showing 6uch excellent prospects that the miners and inhabitants aro naturally some- what jubilant. A local paper, the Bendigo Independent, writing about a week ago, says :- ''The big cakes of the last month havo left their mark upon the year's history of tho gold-fields, and tho experience of the post six months should certainly obtain for Sandhurst the title of the leading gold-field of the colony. Facts aie stubborn things, and we think that we may safely challenge any other district in the colony to rival our piesent prosperity. The total amount of gold purchased by the I nnks during the month of June was 30,410oz. 7dwt 16gr., a yield which wo do not think has been often, if ever, surpassed. In rough iiumbers tbo weekly average has beon 7,604oz, and the value of the month's purchase may beset down at £118,260, an enormous amount of money, and sufficiently indicative, one t'.ould think, that there is something beyond mere gasconading in the assertion that Sand- hurst never looked so well as at the present day." Tho Sandhurst correspondent of The Aus- tralasian, in the last issue of that journal, summarises tho result of mining in the Sand- hurst district during the first six months of the present year, as follows :-"In closing tho first half of the year 1871, Sandhurst shows a most satisfactory balance-sheet, as far as regards its gold productions, and the last month of the half-year the yield of gold, as purchased by the banks, is by far the largest reported since quartz-reefing was commenced in Sandhurst, being 30,416oz. 7dwt 16gr.-a weekly averago of 7,G04oz. ldwt 19gr., and the value of the purchases for the month amount to £118,259 8s. lOd. For the pastsix months theyields amount to 117,2_7oz. 32dwt 2gr., representing a value of £149,780 14s.' 2d., which, although not to bo compared with the fabulous richness of a few of the mines on the Thames gold field, Now Zealand, must be considered highly satisfactory. The perma- nency of Sandhurst as a gold-field is now so thoroughly established that there seems not the slightest fear but that our reefs are only jet in tbeir infancy. As a proof of this, of late the reefs have been cut on different Unca at very great depths, and in ono case, 730ft, tbe stone is quite equal, if not better, than at any upper levels ; and in another case, at a depth of 700ft, the stone is tho richest taken out of the claim ; tho former is that of the Collmann and Tacchi and the latter tho Hustler's Reef Company, and there are several e ther instances of the samo valuable disco \eries having been obtained. With all those facts before us, wo have great reason to believe that Sandhurst will yet see much greater prosperity. The dividends for the same period amount to the large sum of £147,575 3s. 8d., to which should be added a very large amount for the distribution of private claims that do not report their profits. The calls made aro heavy, but represent a great many companies, und avery considerable amount of progressive work is being carried on throughout the whole district, and many of the companies that havo drawn heavily on their capital will soon prove payable. £74,039 14s. 2d. is the sum called up for the six months, averaging over £3,000 a week." , The recently discovered gold field at Stock- yard Creek, Corner Inlet Gipps Land, which had attracted considerable interest, from ita having been found at a great distance ffom' ' any other well established'gold- field, appears now to baie assumed a permanent character, and it is almost certain that the country lying between it and the older diggings will eventually be proved auriferous. In addition to the alluvial diggings,'' it has been reported that a well defined quartz reef baa been found, and its discovery has led to sanguino hopes that others will soon bo met with, in which case what has until lately been an almost unknown and unpopulated part of this colony will before long attract a thriving community. Tho reef discovered is said to ho very rich, and some of the alluvial claims aro turning out capital returns of gold. The population is variously estimated at from 800 to 1,000, and like that of all other new rushes, it is somewhat of a fluctuating nature, excepting as regards the miners really at work, thero being many persons visiting tbe place, and many others leaving without finding claims to suit themselves, or such other pro- spects in regard to business matters as would satisfy them. The following, respecting the Ovens dis- trict, one of the seven largo gold- mining divisions into which tbo colony has been divided is, from the Ovens Advertiser : " The quantity of gold forwarded from tho .Ovens district to the metropolis for the fivo weeks endinsí June 21 amounted to 13,645oz. 9dwt. Ggr. This amount shows a considerable improvement on last escort returns, the quantity then forwarded being 13,338oz. 3dwt 6gr. for a period of seven weeks. _ It would he unfair, however, to attribute this increase solely to tho improved yield of the mines in the district, as other causes have been in operation to augment the amount of gold sent down for the lost five weeks. While making this acknowledgement, it is likewise only justice to state that an improvement has taken place in mining affairs in this portion of "the /I-lpvy of late, and as time elapses, andt*'" y'\ olhngton and other claims aro got into ?¿vjtp'cr working order, a still further in- crease in the yield of gold may be looked ?for." The Tarnagulla correspondent of the Du- nolly Express soys:-''One of < the richest crusbings which has been had in Tarnagulla for some years was completed on Friday, 16th June, at the South Poverty Consols Company's machine. The stone was cot out of a claim known as Halliger's claim, in Ironbark .Gully, being the Greek's-hill and Ironbark line of reef, 33 loads giving 352oz. 8dwt. Ggr. smelted gold, which was sold to the Union Bank, the bank advancing £1,400, subject to af-say. The party are deserving of their good fortune, as they have been working the ground for some five months with but very popr success, having scarcely made a living out of it They have worked out the whole of the block. There is, however, no doubt hut more gold will be found in the claim, as it has been ono of the best of the many good claims on this lino of reef." The Alexandra Times reports ¡-"Consider- able excitement has beon created in our township recently by the discovery of a now reef on the Devil's River, about 12 miles from Alexandra. A specimen shown to us by the mining surveyor, which he took from the surface, was literally full of gold. The stone whs about 21b weight, and contained about half nu ounce of gold, which was distributed throughout the stone. The ground north and south has all been taken up, and a creek adjoining the reef has been pegged off for alluvial. The prospectors of the reef secured about five acres under lease before making their discovery known. The locality is quite a new and unprospected district, and no doubt will bo found to contain other reefs of j importance." The amount of Victorian gold exported from the colony during the first half of the present year, according to tho Customs return, ?was 780,028oz, while tho amount exported in the corresponding half of the previous year was 070,237oz , or 104,701oz. less than tho return for this half-year. AGRICULTURAL. "The weather since the commencement of the autumn having been fine and dry-tho very opposite of that of the previous autumn nothing has occurred to hinder the progress of seasonable husbandry. Ploughing and sowing have been continued without inter ¡mission up to the present time, and corps of .every description are wearing a more promis- ing appearauco than for many years past. In tho warmer parts of tho colony, where spring sowing is rarely practised, advan- tage is being taken of tho fineness of tho weather to break up considerable breadths of land for next season's cropping. Anxiety is, however, beginning to be felt at the long-continued absence of rain in quan- tity, and fears aro entertained that the ex- cessive rainfall of last year may be about to bo compensated by a corresponding preva- lence of dry weather. The constant threat- ening to rain which accompanies Australian droughts has so far characterised the weather of tho present season. The lowering aspect of the sky is supported by a corresponding fall of the mercury ; a few drops of rain are felt in certain localities, and tbe barometer again indicates the approach of fine weathor. To-day being St, Switbin's will therefore pos- sess moro than an ordinary amount of interest for cultivators and graziers in thia-Qiiart of the world. Up to, this datej posturago has been very abundant; oMate, however, the temperature has beon seasonably low, and grass has consequently grown but little, Of the lambing in the early districts reports ore favourable, Both with re- gard to tbo percentage of lambs and the health of the flocks. Mention having been made in our last summary of a disease amongst the flocks of New South Wales, caused by worms in the lungs and various parts of the intestines of sheep, and a hint having been dropped on the possibility of our border flocks also becoming affected, it is incumbent on us to state that no sus- picion is entertained of its having done so. The health of our cattle also is good ; a few stray casos of pleuro haye been reportée], but they havo beeil chiefly of cattle on their way to market fiom the noith-eastern colonies. The National Agricultural Society is making fair progress. The programme of its spring show having been published, the work of preparing a schedule of prizes for the autumn show of grain, wines, farm produce, and colonial manufactures will shortly engage the atten- tion of the council. A site for a show ground in the vicinity of the metropolis has yet to be secured. Preliminary steps havo been taken with this object, and there is little doubt that the matter will be arranged in the course .of the month. It will be gratifying to the breeders of choice shorthorns at home to know that good blood is still at a premium hero. During the last 12months a revival has taken place in the business of importing shorthorns from England. The'animals thence derived aro usually Bold by auction ; but though high connexions are claimed for thom few realise even the price of colonial-bred calves whose lineage can be thoroughly verified. Sales of .calves of the Butterfly strain (Mr. Morton's) -have frequently been made during the last yoar at prices ranging from £200 to £300. Thus early in June Duke of Derrimut the Third, five months old, was sold for the sum of £300, and Duko of Derrimut to the same buyer for £250. To these we now add the sale of Duke of Lancaster, an 11 months,, .calf, for £200. The imported bull Duke .of (Brunswick is the siro of all three. In the reports of English shorthorn sales may often bo seen mention of certain bulls having been bought for Australia ; tho lots are almost invariably low-priced ones. They may realiso for their exporters a profit, 'perhaps ; but seeing how highly good blood is esteemed here it would-be only reasonable ¡to anticipate a proportionate increase of _>rofit from animals of superior pedigree. THE LA.BOUR MARKET. Since last month the demand for women servants has greatly increased,' and good domestic servants Teadily meet with engage- ment at quoted rates. Women servants for farms aro also in good demand. Agricultural labourers are very little inquired for, and many men are wandering about tho country looking for work. In 'most trades business is slack ; and although there is no altera- tion in the rates of wages, thore are a good many men out of employment The boot trade is an exception, all the workmen being in full employment. The quality of the goods manufactured is of the commoner descriptions of men's and boys' bluchers, but of late an attempt has been made to do finer work, but as evory article in this kind of bootmaking is subject to a duty, it is not likely to prove successful. For the next»two months there is not likely to bo any great im- provement in the demand for ordinary or skilled labour. .The following aro the average ratos>f wages vpoid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, ¡£¿0 to £35 per annum ; male do., 20s. to 35s. , per week ; nursomaids. £20 to .£25 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £35 per annum. For Hotels - Cooks, malo and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 por do. ; grooms, IDs. to 20s. per week. For Stations - First-class married couples for .home stations, £50 to £65 per annum ; second class do., £«10 to £50 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £60 per do. -, housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-Men cooks, £30 to £40 per annum ; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; fei'-ale eenoral servants, £25 to £30 per .do. ^ StatioVTIands.-Married couples for out stations, * £40 to £4íí per annum ; shepherds, first class, £35 to £45 do.: hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; gcncial station hands, 12s. to 13s. per week. Farm Servants. - Ploughmen. £35 to £45 per annum ; horse-drivers, 12s. 6d. per week ; ordinary farm servants, l18, and 12s. per do. All the above servants aro fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations aro given, tho following is tho scale per week' allowed in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, and Jib. tea. Labourers constructing the Alfred Dock receive from 0s. to 7s. per day. Quarrymon for same earn from 8s. to 9s. per day, with- out rations. Navvies.-The rate paid the men employed . on the North-Eostorn Railway is 9d. per hour. The same rato is paid by the contractors for the second portion, but only a few hands aro employed at present The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Stonemasons and plasterers receive 10s. per day ; carpenters, 9s. per do. ; slaters, 10s. to Ha. 6d. per do. ; bncklayers are paid at the rate of 10s. per day, but most of the work is dono by the piece at very low rates ; labourers from 5s. Gd. to 7s. per do. : pick and-shovel men, 6s. per do. The day s work is eight hours. Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops the average earnings for good tradesmen aTe 9s. per day ; first-class hands in upholsterers' earn from £3 to £4 per week. In second-class establishments and factories tho best hands sam about Os. per day ; upholsterers, 9s. ; polishers, 8s. por day of eight hours. Thero is a large number of men in this trade out of employment Stevedores' Men, &c.-Lumpers; and wool stow era aTe paid 12s. per day: foremen, 16s. The rate never alters, but there is often a good deal of broken timo. Donkey-engine drivers, about £4 per week ; engineers in tow boats, £16 per month. Ship-carpontors.-The ralo paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Painters,-Ordinary workmen got about 8s. per day. Butchers.-Shopmen receivo from 35s. to 60s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (pork butchers) receivo 40i. to 503. Clothing Factories.-The rates obtained in the faetones vary very much, as most of thom allow worktobo taken homo, anditis thus im Eossible to tell how long the hands work, or ow many assist Where the work is not taken home, tailoresses earn from £1 to £1 15s. per weok, prossers £2. In shirt-making, most of the work is taken homo. Machinist can earn 12s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 6. Farriers.-First class foremen got about £3 per week ; door-men, from £2 to £2 10s. ; time 10 hours per day. Farriers for the country get from 20s. to 30s. per weok, and their board and lodging. In many parts of the country good farriers aro much needed. Bootmakers.-The demand forhauds in this trade still continues brisk, and mon are kept in full employment For rivetting children's boots as Iowas Gd. per pair bos been paid, and Is, for women's boots. lOd. for boys, and Is. 3d. for men's boots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trado the rates paid remain about the samo. In a few of the best shops tho rates paid are-Welling- tons, 14s. ; elastics. 12s, ; closing, 8s, Tin Smiths,-The great demand for good tradesmen by tho meat-preserving companies, still keeps the prico of wages in this trade high. At tho moat- preserving workB, good workmen get from £3 to £4 per weok of eight hours per day, but the work is very hard. In the trade, the rate is £2 10s. to £3 por week of 10 hours per day. Plummers and Gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Ironworkers.-The rates paid are as fol- lows :-Boilermakers, 12s. per day ; black- smiths, 12s. do. ; fitters, 11s. do. ; turners, 12s. do. ; labourers, 7s. do. Thero are great complaints of want of work, and many men aro out of employment. Watch Jobbers and Jewollors.-Good work- men get £4 in tho first-class shops. Manu- facturing jewellers receive from £2 15s. to £3 15s. per week. A few of the bettor workmen receive as high as £5 and £6 per week. There arc a good many men out of employ in this trade. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece ; the wages fixed by the trade aro 30s. per day of 10 hours. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week ; drivers, from 40s. to 50s. per do. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is Is. por hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In factories, the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Whero wages are paid, the rate is 40s. per week iu factory hours. Saddlers.-This trade is in a vory dopressod state, and there aro largo numbers ofmon out of employfnent. Inbestshopsthemenearn£210s. per week, whilo fair workmen aro often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough common work tho rato is from 25s. to 30s. por week-time, 10 hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmon receivo 50s. to 70s. per week ; shedsmen, 42s. to 45s. per do. ; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework,. can cam from 50s. to 70s. per week. Gardeners.-Best workmen, for situations near town, got 45s. to 65s. per week ; do., for the country, 40s. to 60s. ; inferior hands for country, 12s Gd. to 18s. per weok with rations. Bakers.-First-class worlcmen (foremen) Average £3 per Tee'c : second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is V) boars per day. Printers, &c-; Journeymen printers receive £3 per week whore paid by wages ; machine men, £3 5s. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers aro paid £3 per week ; binders, £3 per week ; paper-rulers, £3 5s. perweek. Thodomand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully sup- plied. Miners.- The averngo rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per weok, eight hour shifts : breaksmen get a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, got £2 10s, ; ordinary quartz-miners get 7s, per day ; engineers receivo £3 to £3 10s, In Bendigo, most <sf the worlc is done on tribute. In Alexandra, miners receive £210s. per week. Most of the work in Gipps Land is done by contract ; where wages are paid, tho men re- çoive from £210s. to £3. MEAT-PRESERVING. The business of meat-preserving is extend- ing. A few enterpiising capitalists at Geelong have formed themselves into a private com. pany, for the purpose of establishing a meat, preserving houso on the Barwon River. The buildings are now being put up. The 'capa- bilities of the establishment will be equal to tho production of 3,000 tins of preserved meat per day, but at starting it is intended to limit the numbor to 1,800. It is calculated that lbO men and boys will bo employed in connexion with the undertaking. The works will occupy an advantageous site. , At the second half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Meat-preserving Company, tho direc- tors were enabled to present a satisfactory report The profit and loss account shows a credit balance of £90113s. 10d.-a sum suffi- ciently large to pay a handsome dividend. This, however, tho directors did not recom- mend, as a largo proportion of tho ship- ments of meat had not yet been realised. Had the balance been made for tho past six months only, a much larger profit would have been shown, as during the first six months the company worked at a loss from many causes, chiefly owing to the un- avoidable delay occasioned in carrying out tho improvements in the works during that period. During the past half-year tho com- pany has preserved nearly one million pounds of meat, whilst during the previous half the quantity was only 307,6001b. The operations of the Warrnambool Com- pany are frequently brought into notice. They bnve obtained a contract for supplying the British Admiralty. The number of hands employed is 200. About 300 head of cattle are slaughtered weekly. Arrangements aro being mado at tho.works of the Colac Company to begin preserving bullocks, and as soon as possible tho opera- tions will be extended in that direction. The supply of rabbits continues to bo fully adé- quate to meet tho demand, but this of course cannot be the case for any length of time. Tho company has on band about 30,000 tins ready for exporting or sale in the colonies. To make preserved rabbit become generally known and appreciated requires somo little time, bun it is expected that there will bo no difficulty-in disposing of it. The company have shipped a quantity of preserved rabbit 'by the Somersetshire for England. They will be able to do a largo export business in rabbit skins. The works of the new Echuca Company are in progress, and preserving is to bo com- menced shortly, Tho company formed at Adelaido, South Australia, has commencod operations. THE WEATHER. Tho weather continues exceedingly mild for this season of tho yoar. During tho latter part of June it was vory unsettled and bois- terous, and a good deal of rain fell. The total rainfall for tho first half of the year amounts to 12 62in., as compared with 14'49in. during the same period of 1870. The average rainfall during the corresponding period of tho last 13 years was ll*29in. The rivers in tho Gipps Land district were flooded about tho middle of last month, and considerable injury was sustained by the settlers around Solo and Bairnsdale. \- RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of tho Victorian Railways for ino week' ending 7-Iy 'Glfliow'axeilüclion iff" overy branch of traffic as compared with the returns for the corresponding period of last year, with the excoption of the return for the carriage of cattle. The amount received for the passenger traffic is £2,G70 12s. Id. as against £3,044 11s. Id. last year, showing a reduction of £373 19s. For the carriage of goods and minerals the return is £4,821 Is. 6d., as against £5,071 10s. 6d. lost year, showing a falling off, when compared with last year's, returns amounting to £250 9s. Id. The return for the carriage of cattle amounts to £733 10s. as against £677 18s., showing an increase over last year's returns amounting to £55 12s The total for ' the week amounts to £9,111 33. 2d. as against £9,651 4s. 3d. for the corresponding period of last year, show- ing a reduction on the week's receipts amounting to £540 Is. Id. Tho aggregate .receipts to Gth July amount to £285,380 10s. lOd. as against £280,747 8s. 7d. to 7th July last year, showing an increase in favour of the present year of £4,643 2s. 3d. The follow- ing are the gross returns for tho last seven years from the 1st January in each year -To 4th July, 1807, £264,765 7s. 3d. ; to 9th July, 186S, £286,98110s. 8d. ; to 8th July, 1809, £292,929 Us. Gd. ; to 7th July, 1870, £280,747 88. 7d. ; to 6th July, 1871, £285,380 10s. lOd. Tho returns of tho Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Company from tho 9th to 30th Juno'show a falling off in every branch of traffic as compared with the corresponding period of last year. For the carriage of pas- sengers the return is £2,340 16s. 4d. as against £3,606 18s. 4d., showing a reduction in this branch of traffic of £266 2s. The receipts for the carriage of merchandise amount to £2,266 8s. as against £2,33716s. 6d., showing a reduction of £71 8s. Gd. as com- pared, with last year's receipts. Tho total receipts amount to £5,607 4s. 4d. as against £5,94414s. lOd. for tho previous year, showing a reduction of £33710s. Gd. The aggregate returns to date amount to £62,680 2s, Id., as against £68,624 0s. Id., showing a reduc- tion, as compared with the previous year's return, of £5,04317s. 7d. The weekly average is £2,424 Is. lOd. as against £2,653 19s. 4d" showing a weekly falling off amounting to £22917s. Gd. THE OPERA. The first subscription season of opera under the direction of Messrs. Cagli and Pompei finished hero at the Princess's Opera House on Tuesday, tho Uth inst., with a bril- liant performance of Cimarosa's "Ii Matri- monio Segreto" before a crowded audience. Sinco our last summary of operatic nows "La Favorita," " Don Giovanni," and "Ii Matri- monio Segreto " have been performed in addition to other works mentioned before. The first named with moderate success. The conductor has no proper appreciation of Mozart's masterpiece, and consequently we have had representations of ,fDon Gio- vanni" that bordered upon absurdity. The production of it, however, has1 proved profitable to the management "II Matrimonio Segreto," like all the comic operas produced by thiB company, has beon a great success. Upon the conclusion of this first season, a second subscription list was oponed, to continue the business without any inter- mission for another 30 nights. This, upon short notice, has been very well patronised. On Wednesday, the 12th-the first night of the now season-Pacini's "Saffo" was given, for tbe first time in Melbourne, with groat success. In 49 nights this company have produced 15 operas, two of which had never been played before in Melbourne, namely, "II Matrimonio Segreto"and " Saffo," During tho current season the following works aro to bo produced in addition to thoso already played, namely, "Lucia di Lammermoor," "Rigoiotto," "I DueFoscari," "Crispino e la Comaro," "Pipelet," and "Roberto ii Diavolo." No new additions have been made to the company since our last. The comic operas up to the present time have been the most successful in point of per- formance. On the conclusion of this season tbo troupe goes to Sydney. Mr. W. S. Lyster has organised an English Opera Company, with Mr. Beaumont and Mrs. G. B. Allon as leading tenor and soprano, for a provincial tour. They opened at Castlemaine on Mon- day, 10th July, with a successful performance of Offenbach's "Grand Duchess. THE THEATRES, &c;, Mr. Geo. Coppin's management of tho Theatre Royal was inaugurated on the 17th of last month. The inaugural address of the new manager expressed pretty plainly the policy which is to be pursued. Mr. Coppin said :-"I look upon a theatre as a public institution-the manager is simpiy a medium between its supporters and the treasury, and the receipts most clearly dictate the class of entertainment to be produced. A manager's duty is to organise an efficient vcorapany for the distribution of characters, and to placo the performance upon tho stage in the most perfect manner possible; but the public is en- tirely responsible for the solection of pieces, as indicated by the patronage bestowed. The gen- tlemen that have lately been writing upon tho great attraction of Shaksperian works simply know nothing about it. Shakspeare, as a rule, without the support of a first-class star, ¡B not remunerative. Where are your first class stars?-' First catch your hare,' as Mrs. Glass prudently observes !-There are nono that I know of. Some correspondent re- marked that Shakspearo was attractive when supported by poor Brooko. The observation seemed to me very like putting the cart before the horso, for ho ought to have said that Brooke was attractive when illustrat- ing tho works of Shakspeare. These Shale speare-mania writers will bo startled to hoar that Mr. Brooke's largest receipts in one night were to the performance of tho 'Serious Fondly '-not for a benofit, either. His next best bouse was to 'His Last "Legs ¡' which I think clearly proves that it was the attraction of tbo star, and not tho author. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean represented ' The Wife's Secret' and ' The Jealous Wife ' more frequently and to better bouses than any ShakBpearian play in their repertory. I am told that 'The Pilot'was more profitable to the treasury of Mr. Barry Sullivan than any of his Shales pearian revivals ; and, with the exception of 'Hamlet,' Mr. Walter Montgomery's most attractive piece was 'Still Waters Run Deep.' ... My English engage- ments for Australia, including Mr. G. V. . Brooke, Mr. and Mrs, C. Kean, Mr. James Anderson, Mr. Talbot, Mr. and Mrs. Robort Heir, Mr. and -Mrs, Vincent. Mr. and Mrs. Steele, Miss Mortyn, Mrs. Vickery, Frederick and Richard Younge, and others of the Bamo standing, are a satisfactory proof, I should think, that my sympathies are with the legi- timate drama. But asa manager it is my duty to gratify the public taste, and if Boucicault mia burlesque will doublo the receipts of the treasury, I must sacrifice my own 'personal feelings for the sake of my pocket .... It may truly be said that, in addition- to tbe ladies and gentlemen named, I have also introduced upwards of 120 different per- formers to tho colonies, including musicians, conjurers, pantomimists, dancers, tumblers, aeronauts, glassblowers, bellringers, and pyrotechnists ; but that will not alter the fact that I have earnestly endeavoured to cultivate the legitimate drama, by introducing tho best artists that ever visited Australia." Mr. Coppin then referred to to his programmo for the season, tho first novelty in which was "Elfio; or, Tbo Chorry-treo Inn," a sensation drama by Mr. Boucicault, which was sent out by that gentleman _ to be per- formed hore before its production in London. "Elfio" has now been played for a fortnight, and still attracts largo audiences. It ia a very actable play ; and tho scene of a murder in the Cherry Tree Inn, committed by a man wearing a mask resembling tho face of au acquaintance, who is, in consequenco, un- justly charged with the crime, is of a startlingly real character. The principal parts in the drama aro sustained by Mr, Howe,. Mr. Ireland, Mr. Shafto Robertson, and Miss Juno. Mr. Shafto Robertson is brother of the lato Mr. T. W. Robert- son, tho popular author of " Caste," " Ours," and sevoral other well-known monosyllabic titled plays. Ho appears to be an inex- perienced actor, but possosses some good qualities, which may in time to come make him a valuable addition to the stage. It is understood that ho has joined Mr. G. L. Lewis's dramatic company whioh is about visiting India. . " Mr. Morton Travares, a tragedian, is ex- pected to arrive in a day or two by the Lin- colnshire, Un his arrival, the legitimate drama will be restored, to make woy soon afterwards for burlesque, supported by the Zavistowski sisters, threo young ladies from America, who havo made a very successful .'appearance in Sydney. This attraction, Mr. Coppin anticipates, will carry him up to Christmas. After the pantomime, Miss Glynn is oxpected, and the company will bo re-organised to support her. ' The Gregory troupo bos commenced a brief farewell engagement in St Georgo's-hall, under tho management of Mr. H. R. Har- wood. At the end of their present engage -rnents,-Mrr-Harwood- purposes to-take-tho tronpe to India, and to visit the Straits settle- ments, Batavia, Manilla, and other parts of tho East Ho will in the course of his jour neyings bo on the look-out for any attractions that would be likely to interest the public of Melbourne, and failing to meet with such in the East, will turn his course towards Europe and England, with a view of bringing out some theatrical novelties. He expocts that his tour will not cause him to bo absent from tho colony above nine or ton months. Mr. and Miss Helier, of prestidigitatorial fame, who have-recently concluded a very successful farewell season in Melbourne, aro under engagement to Mr. Smith (late of Lyster and Smith), who shortly goes to India and the East with them to fulfil a series of engagements extending over l8 months. An English Opera Company, under the management of Mr. Lyster, started early in the week on a short provincial tour. Tho opera to bo produced is the " Grand Duchess," and tho singers are tho same as appeared in the opera a short timo ago at the Princess's, except that Mrs. G. B, Allon takes the place of Madame Simonsen, and Mr. Rainford that of Mr. Farley. RACING. With the exception of an afternoon's steeplechasing at Croxton-park, thero has been nothing done during the last month in the way of racing. The occasion of these laces being got up was a match once round the steeplechase course, between Air. A. G. Fisher's Fearnought and Mr. Bowes's Sydney, the former betting £50 to £40. The race was entirely without interest as Sydney baulked at the first fence, and lost so much timo before he was got ovor that he lost all chanco of the race. A selling steeplechase was won by a maiden horse called Darkie, beating six others. An open steeplechase was won by Maude beating three others. The nominations which wore made on Monday, 3rd inst, for the Mares' Produce Stakes of 1873 and 1874 are highly satisfactory. There are 60 foals entered for the former race-53 from Victoria, 5 from Adelaide, and 2 from Sydnoy. The principal owners are-Mr. Petty, with 12: Mr. Hunter, 9 ; Mr. B. Winter, 5 ; Dr. Bathe, 3; Mr. Phillips, G, &c.; For the Produce Stakes of 1874, 108 mares are named, Mr. Petty, Mr, Hunter, Mr. Gorrard (of Adelaide), Mr. H. Phillips, Mr. B. Winter, Dr. Bathe, Mr. H. N. Simson, and Mr. Wm. Poarson being the largest nominators. The Goalong Racing Club have issued the programme for a day's steeplechasing, to come off on tho 28th inst. The entries for tho handicaps wore made on the 11th inst, from which thoro is every prospect of a good day's amuse- ment on the Barwon course. The woll known horse Fishhook died at Mr. Hunter's stud at Woodstock on the 15th inst. Fishhook was by Fisherman, out, of Marchioness, bred by Mr. Hurtle Fishor at Maribyrnong, and was perhaps tho best horso ever foaled in Victoria. His per- formances on the turf aro second to nono, and he was the only horse that ever boat tho celebrated Barb on his merits. His most brilliant performanco was winning the A.J.C. St Leger, Gold Cup, and Queen's Guineas, at tho same meoting, after which his health declined in a most mysterious manner, leading to a strong beliof that he had been poisoned. He was purchased by Mr, Hunter for stud purposes for £1,500, but ho never aftorwards recovered his health. Last mail it appeared as if thero would bo no Metropolitan pack of hounds. Since thon the old club has beon broken np and a notv ono formed. The pack belonging to the Mol- bourno Hunt has been purchased, and tho kennels fixed at Mordialloc, under the charge of Mr. Bloxsidge. Mr. S. Waldook has got together a good cry of hounds at Flemington. Since regular hunting has been commenced, both packs have been well sup- ported. Mr. G. B. Lewis has shipped some very good homes for India lately, consisting of Milesian, Seaweed, a two-year old, Fawn by Panic, and Fearnought, a well- known steeplo chaser. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. Tho following is a list of tho deaths (ex- clusive of natives) that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our June Sum- mary, specifying, as fardas is known, tho names of the deceased porsons, their ages, places of birtb, date of arrival in tho colony, the names of the vessels ia which they arrived, and the causes of death : Bennett, Thoa., labourer, aged 67, nativo of Essex ; arrived in 1864, ship unknown ; died June 8, of carbuncles. Brooks, Mary, laun- dress, aged 43, native of Dublin ; arrived jn, 1865 by tho Great Britain ; died June 23, of phthisis. Bewley, George, quarrymftn, aged 10, native of Liverpool ; arrived in 1854 by the Africa ! died Juno 29, of aneurism, Cojkill, William, labourer, aged 50, native of tbo Isle of Man ; arrived in 1849 by the Bermondsey; died Juno l8, of paraplegia, Cosgrove, David, labourer, aged 21, nativo of Ireland ¡ arrived in 1857 by the Marco Polo ; died July 4, of phthisis. Don.on, John, labourer, aged 33 years, na live of Ireland ; arrived ni 1863 by the Bluo Jacket : died June 10, of phthisis. Donovan, Philip, labourer, aged l8, native of Irolaud ; arrived in 1871 by the Bengal ; died Juno 11. of phthisis. Dalrymple, Peter, labourer, aged 32, nativo of Plymouth ; arrived in 1864 by the Southern Cross ; died Juno 16, of pleurisy. Davidson, Duncan, dyer, aged 48, native of Aberdee* ; arrived in 1853 by the Earl Grey ; died Juno 22, of gout. Edwards, Mary, aged 70, native of England : arrived in 1854 by the Southorn Castle ¡ died June l8, of fracture of the neck. Feiguson, Alexandor, labourer, aged 62, native of N Glasgow; arrived in 1850 by the Mnzell j died June IO, of caucer of the Bpino. Falk, Charles, seaman, aged 28, native of Sweden ; arrived in 1870 by the Thomas Stephens ; died June 19, of disease of tho heart. Goring, Wilhelm, clork, agod 25 ; nativo of Germany ; arrived in 1871 by the Alnwick Castle ; died June 13, of dysentery. Graves, Elizabeth, aged l8, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1871, by the Thermophilis ; died July 3, of typhoid fever. Holland, Catharine, ngod 29 years, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1852 by the Digby ; died Juno 16, of tertiary syphilis. Hurst, WDI" plumber, aged 31, native of London ; arrived in 1869 by the Carolina Acnes ; died June 20, of albuminuria. Haughey, Petor, aged 16, nativo of Ireland ; died June 26, of phthisis ; ship and date of arrival unknown. Llewollyn, John, hide-splitter, aged 51, native of Somersetshire ; arrived in 1SG9 by the Middlesex ; died July 1, of phthisis. Moffatt, Wm., labourer, agod 61, native of South Wales ; arrived in 1850 by the Lucy Jones ; died June 9, of fatty degenerafion of the heart. M'Dermott, Thomas, labourer, aged 35, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854 by tho Thomas Knowles; died June 27, of retention of urine. Pond, Wm., shipwright, aged 36, native of Weymouth j arrived in 1856 by tho Gloriaría; died June 13, of dysentery. Paul, David, seaman, aged 39, nativo of Jamaica ; arrived in 1871 by the Hensley; died.June 14, of aneurism. Phillips, Wm,, painter, aged 21, nativo of Edinburgh ; arrived in 1853 by tho Boomerang ; died June 27, of injury to the hip and hand. Rutledge, Jessie, aged 33, nativo of Scot- land ; arrived in 1854 by the Lady Milton ; died Juno 16, of phthisis. Reed, James, miner, aged 48, native of London ; arrived in 1851'by tho Statesman; died July 3, of malignant disease of the lower jaw. Sykes, John, commission agont, aged 46. native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 18E8 by the Great Britain ; died Juno 25, of diseaso of the knee-joint Staines, Patrick, painter, aged 60, nativo of Camberwell; arrived in 1855 by tho Sir Charles Napior ; died Juno 29, of _>lumbism. Smith, Wm., seaman, aged 24, nativo of Sussex ; ar- rived in 1871 by the Star of tho Mersey ; died Juno 28, of aneurism of tho aorta. Smith, Elizabeth, aged 2G, native of Barnet; ar- rived in 1861 by the Sbnckamaran ; died July 1, of phthisis. Seapy, Charles, soamau, aged 38, native of Norfolk ; arrived in 1803, by the Themis ; died July 2, of anourism of the aorta. Thompson, Hannah, aged 58, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1852 by tbo Wanettaj died June 19, of carcinoma. Tomlinson, Henry, carter, aged 45,.native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1854 by tbo Red Jacket ; died June 28, of phthisis. Wilson, Geo. F. A., Custom-house officer, aged 41, nativo of Scotland ; arrived in 1839, ship unknown ; died June l8, of typhus fever. Westford, Eliza, laundress, aged 46, native of Staffordshire ; arrived in 1853 by the Sea Queen ; died Juno 23, of dysentery. Walsh, Peter, seaman, aged 29, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1871 by tho Intrepid ; died Juno 23, of aneurism. Wbito, John, splitter, aged 52, nativo of Essex ; arrived in 1847 by tho Susan; died Juno 28, of diseaso of the stomach. Young, James, painter, aged 29, native of Gravesend ; arrived in 1870, ship unknown ; I died Juno 8, of phthisis. NAUTICAL NOTES. BuilNlHO OT THB MAHYS-ETHERD.-A firo -broke out on-2nd-July-on-board-the~ fine ship . Mary Shepherd, which lately arrived from London. Tho vessel had arrived in port only a week previously, and was berthed along- side the Sandridge Railway Pier. Her cargo, which consisted of railway ma- terial, ironmongers' ware, cement, tar, pitch, earthenware, malt, brandy, salt, and general merchandise, had only been partially discharged. The fire was first observed about b alf-past 3 o'clock on the morning of tho 2nd July, and the alarm was thon given. The ship was then towed from the pier, and sunk in about four fathoms of water. Little or no damage was done to the uppor work of the ship, tho prompt steps taken to scuttle the vessel having been successful ia confining tho fire to the hold. The ship has since been raised. The Mary Shepherd is a full-rigged ship, belonging to Messrs. John Ledgett and Son, of London, and is nearly 13 years old, having two years to run on her first letter. She was built at Sunderland, and is of 905 tons burthen. She was consigned to W, Crosby and Co. TUE WRECK OF THE AUCKLAND.-In our last summary we noticed the wreck of the A.S N. Co.'s steamship Auckland, on tho Be w aro Reef, off Cape Conrad, on the 27th May. An inquiry has since boen held by the Steam Navigation Board into the causes of the wreck. The ovidenco given by Captain Walker (tho commander of the vessel) attri- buted the occurrence to tho influence of tho current setting in on the easterly coast, through long-continued and unusually heavy easterly gales. The evidenco showed that tho Auckland had lately beon repaired at Sydney. Captain Walker on May l8 took the vessel down Sydney harbour on a trial trip. Respect- ing this his evidence was as follows :- Wo tried her Bpecd over the measured mile. Wo went down to the lightship, and I took ad vantaço of the opportunity to turn tho ship round the compass to tost the deviations and variations of her compasses. Wo found no errors by moans of this observation. I took the details of the courso steered, and found the standard compass correct by tho courso given on the Admiralty chart. Next j day wo sailed far Molbourno. Just at tho last moment before I left Sydney on I my voyage to Melbourne I got an old deviation table from the marine super- intendent. It was two years old, since which dato oxtonsivo repairs havo been made in tho Auckland. I could not say whether the compasses sent in the vessel wero those which belonged to her at the timo tho card was mado. One additional compass was supplied since tho vessel was purchased. It is one of the standing orders of the directors of the company that commanders of steamors should be held responsible for their safe navigation at sea. I was not provided with a deviation table by the company." Tho Steam Navigation Board arrived at the following decision :-" That the loss of this steamship is attributable to the non-adjust- ment of compasses before leaving Sydnoy, after tho ship had undorgouo oxtonsivo alterations and repairs. That primarily the blame is attachable to the Aus- tralasian Steam Navigation Company, who appear by evidenco not to bo in the habit of swinging their vessels for the purpose of ascertaining the errors in their compasses. That the Auckland, after extensive repairs, was thus sent to sea, provided with a sea- going certificate from the Sydney Steam Navigation Board. That she had been duly surveyed under tho act, and her equip- ments found complete. That it was the duty of the master to have insisted upon being fur- nished with a table of the deviations of his compasses before ho sailed, and had this beon dono the loss of the Auckland and the risk of loss of lifo would have been avoided ; but, in consideration of Captain Walkor's long ser- vice of over 19 years on this coast, during which time he has proved himsolf a careful navigator, tho board deem asovore censuro on him will meet the case ; and ho is censured accordingly." SIEANDIKG or THE H_C-0B.-The schooner Hector left Hobson's Bay on 27th Juno, and stranded tho samo evoning in the West Channel, and subsequently became a wreck. An inquiry was held by the Pilot Board into the occurrence, from which itappoared that tho lubS of the vessel was duo to Captain Harri- son's negligence. Ho attempted to excuse himself by saying that tho mishap occurred because the ruar» at the helm wpuld, not stçgr properly, but when asked why, ascommauder of the vessel, ho did not send some one else to the helm, the only answer ho could find was, " Becauso I did not think of it." The deci- sion of tho board was that tho Hector was lost through the gross ncgligonce of Captain Harrison, but as, this was tbo first occasion on which his conduct had been called in question, it was considered that a suspension of his certificate for nine months would meet tho case, COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THB MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Geelong, Captain R. T. Dundas, arrived here from Sydney on Satur- day, the 17th ult., in the afternoon, and aftor embarking her passengers, taking on board her mails, gold, specie, and cargo, took her departure on hor outward voyogo on the after- noon of the 18thjult. Tho City of Adelaide loft Sydney punctually at 3 o'clock on the afternoon <3f the 1st instant, with the Californian mail outwards. The R.M.S.S.Avoca,Captain A.B. Farquhar with tho European and Indian mails on board, anchored in the bay shortly aftor 2 o'clock on the afternoon of tho 4th instant, thus delivering her mails nearly three days and a half before contract time. . The Nevada, Webb's line, arrived in Auck- land, with the Californian mails to 23rd May, about IO days ago, but did not roach Sydney for a week afterwards. STATE or TRADE, We have ogain to point to a month of dul ness and inactivity in the import markets. Since our last report was forwarded business lias been limited to the disposal of the most trifling parcels of merchandise for the supply of immediate wants alone, as, owing to tho uncertainty which has boon allowed to hang over the tariff, speculation has been out of the question, and amongst dealers few" cared to bo subjected to tho risk of loss by permitting their purchases to go beyond actual require- ments. The closing of tho half-year, when stock-taking monopolises the attention of dealers and when during tho preparations necessary for entering upon tho second half of the year, the utmost disinclination to make the most trilling purchases, unless compelled, is evinced by all, is also found to be a dull period, and tho present is . no exception. Since tho month of July .commenced, however, a great improve . rnont has been noticed, ana very soon tho additional impetus which must be imparted by any speculative movement, initiated in anticipation of further changes in the tariff supposed'to be contemplated by the new Government will most likoly create somo excitement. The advices by tho mail now under acknowledgement are particularly fa\ ourable this month in regard to shipments, but, owing to the circumstance that trade has for borne time past been running in quite a different channel to that in which it formerly flowed, in consequence of tho wholesale grocers having .now become the chief itu poiters, the influence formerly exorcised on trade by mail advices is bocoming less and less felt eveiy month. The advices on the present occasion in regard to wool form a prominent and most satisfactory feature; indeed, nothing which has occurred for many a long day is likoly to provo so beneficial to tho colonios. Confidence has has once more been revived, ond everything directly or indirectly pertaining to the pas- toral interest is already beginning to wear quite a different aspect to that by which this important interest was characterised a short time ago. Our advices from England leach to the 19th May by post, and to 10th June by telegraph. From Calcutta we have advices to 3rd June, Colombo to 12th June, Singnpore to 2nd Juue, Saigon to 24th May, and Foo-chow to 20th Moy. EX0I1AK-E AND MONEY. The rato of oxchange is vory firmly mtvin lah.ed at three-quarters premium for bankers' drafts on London at Gil days' sight, owing to lho circumstonco that no medium of cover offers. Discount rates are unaltered, the banks continuing to charge G and 7 percent, for two and three months bills, and 8 per cent, for longer periods. Four por cent, interest is allowed by all the banks for doposits at six months andover ; for three months' dopoBits 3 per cent is allowed ; and 2 per cent for one month's deposits, STOCK AND STATIONS. From the Pastoral Times of July 8 wo learn that in the interior tho woathor con- tinues variablo, rain and sunshine alter- nating. Glass and water are abundant, and large quantities of fat cattle and shcop are going to Victoria. Thero is a BÜRht revival of the overland stock trade, and as tho runs in South Riverina are pretty well stocked, a good deal of the overland stock passes on to the south. The margin between fat and ] storo stock of lato has been so small that tho saltbush-couratry station-owners find thein solves pinched in prout, especially as regards cattle. Heavy pnces are being asked for stations in these parts notwithstanding, and were it not for the love of Ufe in tho country, it is questionable whether any buyers could be found for station proporty in our immediate neighbourhood, whore the runs have been improved at such hoavy cost. At Maitland, cattlo stations aro regarded as good investments, and continuo in good de- mand. An improvement is expected in the inquiry for sheep properties, if the value of good wools continues to increase in the home market, which at prosent seoms to promise well. On the Macquarie, Bogan, Upper Dar- ling, &c;, the grass ia luxuriant, The weathor has* been, on tho whole, pleasant. Tho oppearanco of the sky has denoted rain, and plenty of it, but except a few slight mizzling showers, none fell. Wednesday was moro like a summer's day than anything else. There is any quantity of feed, both old and voung. Tho season could not possibly bo bettor. Stock, excepting the sheep on the few stations where tho worm disoaso is prevalent, bro in good hoaltb and condition. Cattle aro looking remarkably well, and free from disease. The lambing is going on well, and we hear of many high averages." In Melbourno, the following important sales have been effected :-Messrs. Hastings Cun ingham and Co. report tho sale to Mr. Samuel Ramsden of the Brung-Brunglo estate, containing 11,939 acres purchased land, near Coleraine, at £1 13s. per acre, on tho usual terms. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report tho sale by auction, by order of the administrators of the estate of the lato Mr. William Swan, of the Kononwootong and Koroito estates, near Colórame, compris- ing 18,032 acres of purchased land, with fenc- ing, homestead, woolshed, and othor improve- ments, but without stock, for the bum of £56,798, to Mr. Arch. Johnson, of Mount Muir- head. Thero was a good attendance of buyers. They offered, at the same timo, Springvale, another freehold of about 9,000 acres, which was not disposed of at auction : as also somo properties in Gipps Land, part of which were sold. Messrs. R. Goldsbroughand Co. report having sold, by privato contract, to Messrs. Simmio, Fraser, and Craig, the Cor- nelia Creek, Restdown Plains East, and Tongala stations, together with 960 acres of freehold land and 2G.032 sheep-tho land at £2 per acre, and the sheep and right of run at a satisfactory price, on the usual torms. PUBIiia COMPANIES. Victoria Woollen and Cloth Company, Geelong.-The half-yearly meeting was held yesterday. Tho directors' report for tho half year ending May 31 showed that a larger quantity of tweeds had beon manufactured and sold during the last half- year than during the previous half-year. The twoods were daily increasing, in public favour, but the stocks still remained heavy ; and oxcessivo importa- tions of cheap goods, containing a great ad- mixture of shoddy, had prejudicially affected the interests of the company. Some assistance was expected from the protective duties which the Legislature was likely to imposo. Itocent orders from importing housos and the pros- pect of Government contracts, combined with the manufacture of blankets, led the directors to hope that the future operations of the company would bo satisfactory. The total quantity of tweeds manufactured since tho company was started, in 1868, was 253,355 yards, and the quantity sold 210,243 yards. During the same period £20,000 had been expended in wool and £16,000 in wages and salaries, dividends had boen paid to the amount of £3,300. The sales for tho last half year amounted to 34,836 yards, and realised £7,210. The balance to the credit of profit and loss was £4,049 (including £3,108 brought down from the former half year), and the directors recommended tho payment of n dividond of five per cent, out of it. Ballarat Woollen-mill Company.-Steps aro being takon to form a woollen-mill company at Ballarat A considerable iminbar of shares have beon applied for. It is probable that the company will purchase tho plant origi- nally imported for the Australasian Com- pany. A woollen-mill is to be established at Warrnambool. Williamstown Co-oporativo Society.-The quarterly meeting was held on the 11th July. TI e purchases had amounted to £475, and Hie sales to £437'. The prouts for the three months amounted to £21 149. lOd. STOCKS IN JIOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourno on July 8 :-Brandy, 5,824.} hhd., 23,838 cases ; rum, 1,374 hhd. 694 cases ; geneva, tl2A hhd., 56,948 red cases, 5,193 green cases ; whiskey, 997a hhd., 6,398 cases ; gin (sweetened), 6} hhd., 3,413 cases ; cordials, 530 cases ; spirits of wine, inn* hhd. t other «pirita, 8 lilid., 5,633 cases ; wine, 4,919 hhd., 19,249 cases ; beer, 1,900 hhd., 15,807 casca and casks; tobacco, manufactured, 869 half-tierces, 503 quarter-tiorces, 8,407 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 3,369 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 206 Mid. and casks, 545 cases, 1,029 bales ; randles, 163 chests, 11,299 boxes ; flour, 16,301.bags ; cigars, 595 cases ; koroseno, 2S.023 cases ; cocoa and chocolate, 10 packages ; toa, 6,700 chests (549.2371b.), 23,880 half chests (818,9701b,), 11.93G boxes (172,5421b.) ; coffee, 1,022 bags, 20 tierces, 284 casks, 405 bar- rels ; wheat, 12,632 bags ; sugar-Mauritius, 3,173 bogs, 716 pockets; Java, 535bags, 2,836 baskets, 162 mats; Manilla, 20,240 mats: Itcunion, 1,681 bags ; other ports, 1,724 bags, 1,896 mats; other sugar (refinery) 902 tons, 121 cases and casks ; chicory, 5 packages ; opium, 114 packages ; oats, 4,998 bugs ; hops, 2,206 pockets ; rice, 798 bags ; salt, 27,460 bags ; vinegar, 213 casks, 1,100 coses. i IStl'OüTS AND EXPO-ITS. The following table gives tho imports and exports of the port since the beginning of tho year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1870: Weok Ending Doo. 81.. Jan. 7.. Jan. li.. Jnu. 21.. J»n. 28.. Feb. 4_ Feb. 11.. Fib l8.. Fob. 25.. Mar. 4_ Slur. 31.. Mar. l8.. Mar. 25.. April 1.. April 8.. April.6.. April 22.. April 20.. MUT 0.. Muy 13.. Muy 20.. Moy 27.. .tuno S. Junólo. Juno 17. Juno 24. July 1. July 8. import«. | Kxporta. 1870. __ 211,187 234,089 288,807 854 0D3 279.431 854,210 278,440 206,543 201,818 218,247 282 800 170,850 188,070 274,481 221,709 140,010 211,207 328 bDS 163 018 270,865 270 900 183,041 241 210 178,078 181,468 104 040 147,268 830,800 1871. £ £ 104.464 102.201 238,011 201 018 250,238 805.867 110,610 673,095 232,087 05,331 145,510 700 002 187,880 I 104,300 ISO 880 I 100,020 142 164 I 08 083 247 707 520 413 880 721 140,010 221 678 ' 100,170 100 4001 165 805 220 222 I 441 630 135,080 261 023 102 833 103,018 287,164 260,351 185,600 84,626 207 201 103,002 214,110 100 004 188,207 277,183 0 078,833 I 0,010 012 OG 878 00 838 478,210 182 850 34 030 01792 442 810 124,172 05,008 47,189 042,005 76 330 85 679 70 057 6,067,824 101,801 807,808 337.080 810,170 220,223 544.771 103,046 71,027 210,200 000,000 122 388 179,300 05 088 600 002 78 172 107.027 309,005 153,105 141,185 60,330 525.284 120 000 78 044 102.024 652 010 162,712 110 010 20.985 0877.188 i During the fiist period tho account stood thus : , Imports .. '.£0.078 833 Kxporta .6 057 821 1 Balance cf. Importa over exports £720,590 During tho second period : Imports . _ £0,010,012 . Kxporta. .. 0,877,188 Balance of exporta ovor Imports £801,176 ' Comparing the abovo periods with each othor, the results aro as under : i Importo In 1870 .£0,078,338 1 Imports lil 1871 .0010,012 Dcore&uo; In 1871.£002,821 Fiportu in 1870 Exporta In 1871 .. Inorcnso In 1871.£019,. 'mia IUTUKE PltOSPECTS OF THE COLONIAL WOOL MARKET. MONTHLY nurom AND OEKEBAI. IIBVIBW. Messrs. R. Goldsbiongh and Co. report : " Wool.-This being the dull soason of the jeur, thero in scorcely any business doing in wool, the few lots which como forward for disposal consisting almost entirely of fell, mongers' parcels of scoured, and clips from the more distant districts which havo beon deluvcd in transit. Piices havo been'fully Kustained, moro especially since the receipt of last advices from England per Avoca, tho decided advance which has buen realised iu the April aud Muy series oi sales in London having imparted coufidonco. The piictd catalogues show that Port Phillip Hocks havo received a full slio.ro of attention, and tho rates which havo been obtained havo caused tho growers to look forward moro hopefully to thu future A vory encouraging feature in tho trado has been rendered evident in tho eales which have recently closod, and that is its wonder ful power of recovery from most depressing influences, It seems scarcely credible that tho effects of a disastrous war should have been surmounted with such, marvellous rapidity ; atill wo havo the undoubted fact ".« r before us that the Continental- buyers,. . . "> - ?«bo whilst the war continued '-were ' "V:; ? t: almost entirely out of. tho market, have . ' " *" -.' during the series of sales now referred to, vf-if'« purchased wool to "'the öitent d£aOO.00Q<. bales. Such a prompt reaction is almost unprecedented, und this quick recovery from influences which it was generally believed .would affect prices for years to come, furnishes another proof of tho elasticity of the trade, We are encouraged -to hope that the advantage which has boen gained'* , - <. will bo maintained, and. although a large« n ."?. / ->"' quantity, will be offered in June, 220,000 bales being expected, the general impression seems to be that prices will bo fully equal to those which ruled in the series now termi- nated. The tenor of our advices would load us to infer that an improvement has now fairly commenced, and that, we may roa-v/.¿-i/ sonably took forward to - a prosperoú»*!^ K'%\ trade, and probably highor pricoé. Mo_y'A ? h'i causes aro, -apparently, steadily, though' .' . almost imperceptibly, acting for the ultimate, . advantage of tho producers of the raw' ' material, and should thero bo no sudden disruption, similar to that which was caused by the war now ended, wo think wo aro not adopting a too sanguine view of thoiuture if wo venture to predict a further advancein' , " ' prices, and a prosperous business for several years to como. Tho consumption of colonial wool is steadily increasing, the Eaglish manufacturers having,' during tho past 13 months, operated to a largo extcut in Aus-.' . '. .. ; tralian sorts. No doubt the great and ' sudden decline in prices caused by tho war first attracted their attention to the cheap- ness of Australian descriptions, and this in- duced them to malro considerable purchases. Thus a new class of consumers carno into the field, and the loss of continental compo- -. ' tition was consequently less severely felt, - . / ' whilst a permanent advantage to the trade/' '-iy lias accrued, becauso foreign wools will now . \'y) 4 bo largely manufactured in England, and. ,. thus the home manufacturers will bo brought" ' v. into competition with the French and S3ot->"" '<?''?.' man buyers. This increased competition . - must exercise a beneficial effect and it will no doubt contribute to maintain more re- munerativo prices than have boon curreRtu-Af., "'.' for tho past threo or four years. The pro- s < -: f.., bable revision of the American tariff is also '*" a most important feature in tho future of the trade. Even with the present almost prohibitory duties, wo find that no fowor ' . -. tuan 10,000 bales wero purchased at the last ¿ series of salos for Amorica, and ' with- a ' .',. *"". slight reduction in theso dutios, it '. is evident that the export trado- to that . . country will rapidly assume larger propor-.. ,# 7. ,'.* tions. Inquirios on American account hftvo ." ' ',". already reacbod Molbourno, and it is prb-'^ ', ¡ *)'?'/.','< bnble that during tho next season,va direct '. '" . ' '... «" trado with California and tho Eastern States will bo inaugurated. Alroady, ship- ments to a limited extent have boon made. Having thus endeavoured to briefly show' . that causes aro operating which must 11HI-" ' '. mately induco increased consumption, wo ' . ' ?*' will now endeavour to provo that another:.'- .'}..*!<*'. . feature of a still more important character i»<", ' beginning to oxercise a perceptible offeot, and ' r this is the probahlo cessation of that increased ' ' production which has had such a depressing influence. For two years past thero has not been any increase in the exports from tho Australian colonios, and the » '. . .' loturns from tho various shipping ports ' ' . - this season show an actual decrease) of nearly 8,000 bales on the provious year's shipments. We fully anticipated this, tho losses of sheep during the continuous droughts having been moro severo than was generally belioved. The extonsive purehasos of the ' meat-preserving companies have also had a perceptiblo effect, and if tho largo consump- tion caused by their operations had not to a considerable extent been mot by tho constant ' influx of stock from the Far North, a much MI cater deficiency would have been apparent. Entire districts in the interior portions -oE Queensland aro now cleared of sheep, ex- perience having rendered itovidenttbat'tho« climate is unsuitable for wool-growing, and it is fortunato for tho owners that the favour- able season, and abundance of food and water on the routo, has enabled thora to for- ward the remaindor of their stock to tho markets of this colony for dif.^',, ^üe afo¿¿ thus consumed, is not ¡,_:eiy t0 bo roplacod, consequently a permanent diminution of the number of sheop to shear is established. Tho operations of the meat-preserving companies havo now assumed such largo proportions, that it is estimated that noarly 4,000,000 of sheep will bo slaughtered in Victoria this year for consumption by tho popu- lation, and for export The lambing through- out Victoria and Riverina is not likoly, under the most favourable circumstances, to givo on ir.cr.easQ pf. moro than 3,000,000, consequently there will probably be a den« ciency of 1,000,000 in the numbsr of shoep to shear. This deficiency will to a certain extent be counteracted by sheop from tho far North, which will come to those markets for disposal if the present favourable sooson continues ; still, oven should they roach hero. the exports of wool from Queensland will show a corresponding diminution, because, as already stated, tho bulk of tho sheep thus taken off for salo will not be re- placed. Wo learn that the yield from South Amorica has also apparently received a check, there being no increase for the .past two years, and so long as tho provincos where most of the sheop farmers aro located con- tinuo to bo disturbed by revolutions and general instability of govornment, it is scurcoly likely that much progress will bo made in growing wool. Undor theso circum- stances, it seems reasonable to infer that a e> progressive improvement in tho valuo of wool' must ensue ; tbo consumption is increasing, whilst production appears to bo stationary, consequently thero aro substantial grounds for looking forward to a more encouraging futuro. Tho following ships have cleared for London during the month with wool on board : "1871.-Juno 20-Carisbrook Castle, 1,011 tittles ; Juno 80-Bomersolshiro, 1 111 balea ; total 2162 bales ; neill provlous clearances, SOO 017 balos ; total shipments Ocloborl. 1870, to dato, 212,ùo9 balee. IMCOH onrronl. Oicniy.-Inferior, fid. to fid.; ordinary, fljil. to 7}-.; ROI ii to tupcrlor. Sei. to Oil. Fl coco.-Inferior, 10(1. to la ; ordinary to nvotngo, le. Iel. to la. Bel,; avengo to good, Is. 8el. to la. fid ; suporior, nono oltorlntr. Scoured.-Inferior, lid. to IB. Id.; ordinary, la. 2d. to Is. 8d ; middling-to good, la. 3d. tn K SI.; suporior, nona olleiing. lho quaulity oftetoil being yoi y limited, tho abovo quotations aro nlmostnomlun.1, Shecptklns.-Our auction salos hold during tho past month havo beon well tuppllod with froali and station i-hlim. and buyers havocompoted for all descriptions vvitli moro animation than, wo . havo noticed for some , tinto. Prices havo Improved in proportion to tho giowth and inoronsod valuo ol wool, and wo quota tates as follows :-Butchon1 skins, from 2s. to ii. Od. etch, sctno picked lots roall9lrjr up to Si. 81I. oach ; und ulai ion Bkinr«, from 2Jd. to f>}d pur lb. Wo liavo no ahlpixonta io loport, all purehasos bolng made lor local consumption. Hides continuo to oouio to auotlon . (icely, all offering being ro&dlly; takari bytlirj looal t-iuiairs. Ox lítelos aro worth from 21s. to 289. oach ; oow hldos from 12s. to 20i. oach ; wet salted, in gcod condition, from S^d. to i\ú. por ib.; and callibina from ia. to 5Jd. por lb. Tallow.-Wo havo hold four auotlon saloB duitng tho mouth, and have sold 112Q < e'aiiks of all norte. Wo bara a cood domand, and lato ratos aro well maintained, lho nowa mcolvod by the I m mail of the stato of tho London market Is considered satisfactory. Vic quota current prlooj «a follows, vis -.-Mutton, from £88 10s. to £35 5s.; bist, from £30 to-B8; mixed, from £81 to £3210«. Ser ton. The shipments (or tho month aro:-Juno 0, Carsbrook Oastlo, 2,058 cjiaks; Juno 30, Snmorsot ?Mro, 1,220 casks. Total, 3,281 casks, Kangaroo Skins.-Woll-oondltloned lanto al isca aro tu groat demand, aud roallso from 20a. to 851. per dozin, medium Blies aro worth from 10s. to lui. per doon, und email BIZOB from 2s. Gd. to 8s. por dozen," MELBOURNE- WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. " Tho Argus OfDco, Friday Evoning. In tbo Import maikots business throughout tho mouth has boon far f tom satisfactory ; tho dolor rui- nation of tho new Ministry to oollout tho duties undor tbe tailtt ci tbo old Qovornmont has had a most de- trimental 1 fleet upon trado In all branches, and cor talnly tho disinclination of buyors to purchase ovon tbo most trifling parcels that could. bo dono without, «hilo taking stook and otborwlao preparing for tho eleso of tbo lialf-yoar, has not tondod to'holp to mato things bolter. Slnco tho turn ol tho hall yo»r, liowovor, things havo looked inuoh moro Improved, and for tim last few days at loast much moro activity has provailrd. It IB Uroly also that somo impetus will bo imparted by tho oporatlona willoh rosy bo Initlattd consequent on any further anticipated . changes lu the tariff br tlio now Govemniont. In I cor, ollbor bulk or bottled, Uto utmost hoavlneis hu prevailed. Dundeo goods aro bolng moro proml 1,01 uy noticed. A largo business has beon dono In boot« and shoos. Dandles are attracting spooulattvsattentlon. though piovlously quite nojflectod. Comonta maintain a steady and firm aspect, OhomlcalB do not obtain tho slightest notico. Chicory and codeo aro most tlngglbli in their movements. Ooufooilonory, cordage, fish,, blasting powdor, hops, malt, olia, oilmen's storm, provisions, and quiottllvor do not requlro further special notice, llroidituifi havo varied llttlo, and only a ver) moderato biislriois has boon trinitotod. Feuding grains have bren favourod with n very ordi- nary Inquiry. In metals, tho in\tkot has bonn kept allvo cplely by tbo unabated domand for corrugatod iron. In rico, a very good trarto Inquiry ha» bann ex- perienced In Bill, como dealings havo tiroi reported. Iiutat very lnw price». Simar has not hean ma'ked hy much activity. Toahaa not at all been activo. Timber is healthy, and values still continuo to advance Ia totiacoots, a voiy extensive- trado Ins beon carried thiougb, Wiaoa and Spirits hnvo beon vory de- pressed. Alo and stout havo thown no animation whatever, end tho'O ha« been llttlo or nothing doini In Im- ported even lo tho etty, the only place whero English nto lu conaumod, tbo Yiotoria--i-i.de is rapidly driving the other out oi the market. ' Instead ol the i large Miles which used to be made formerly, only tho most trifling lots are sow got rid uf. trices thi. | month show no alteration on those i utlng lan mun-.h, as stocks aro moderate, and h'.loers and Imnortcni prefer soiling gradually as orders come lorwtrd ta getting rlrt ot stock moro rapidly by forcing rho rnvr ket at low or rates. Trado parcelB ot Bass's aro ills posed ol at £8 to £8 6s. Joule's and Siarrian'a roalUos » similar rate. Tho latter quotation, however. Is merely nominal, aa nothing hut retail loti eau bo got rid of al the price. Tau Carll.IeObn.pan}'a has M'hi.rto been quoted at £710.. to £715s, butol late we have not lieaid ol any trantacllon whatever tnthla braud havlnr teen curried through. Joule'aof lastyoarVi mik'. Is still soiling at £0 to £0 63., and Marrlan's ot S4oio year's age cr mmandsJjEO 16s. to £7; a shipment of ms>' list jera'B brew was sold at £6. Bottled ales have teen and aro still .Imply unsaleable, tho vary old weather which has provailod throughout the month having put out of tbo question any chanco of bun noss in the roaikot, until tho season opens out thora foie, our quotations n.ust he considered OB nominal. Slnco the new duty has beon under collection 9«. CJ. to O'. BJ. bas boen demanded for all the bout bra id«, such as Foster's, Blood's, and Tennent'», but ot course, under tho circumstances, nothing but trio nust trill rig rales can be effected. Alisopp's Is quoted at 8. Od. to 8s. Od. Altken's, Arrol'a, and all mediara brands aro held for 8s. 6d. to Ss. Od. For Jcftroy'a 83. to 81, 3d. Is lequliod. Bottled stouts have met with equal rieglest, nrtd nothing of n special character la allowod to transpires tbo cold v>eather has also to some extent affected the denund for stout, and only tho most trifling talo, of even the best brands aro roportod. Sbiprmnts . coming to hand aro, moreover, arriving oat of con- dition, and being unfit for sale, businnts, if oven mi. dematd existed, must havo been uff-icted in ooaso quenc . Best brands, Buch ni Blood's, Foote-V, Burke'«, Edmonds's Fig, aro held for 0s C1, to 9s Od., and no hear of cone offering under. Modium bra-ids, on the othor hand, aro favoured with moro no ic. O'Brien's dagger brands meeta with a ready sale at U.J to 8s. 8d , »nd considerable transactions aro pending, the brand being vory much liked, and the cheapo, t bargain at the prlco of any offering, 1,000 rases of thlB brand were cleared off yestorday at a prlco supporting our quotation, and we now learn thi. the osent« havo resolved to advance the telling rate to 9s. Byass Is quoted at 8e. to 81, 3d. Bjrthwlok'a is quitted at 7e, Od. Bagging.-Dundee gooda are again coming more into notice, Iho demand for cornaacks, which in tho early part of tho month acquired a fpwmndlo cbaractor, has, as wo write, bocome much more steady. In anticipation of an early demand springing up buyers oommenccd to operate oxtonslvely, and a mo considerable pareóla changed hands ; In tact everything that could bo got hold of has boen eagerly tiken u.> at ' lOt. luid, in bond, to.lls. dnty paid, and holders have since gradually advanced their prico tit du.y-.uid parcels to 12«. O! conrso thero la yot no business to bo done at tho price, but when the high duty Is taken Into account, tho price named doss not appear to bo so unreasonable; about 250 bales altogether bivo been taken up. On the othor hand, the demand for woolpacks baa Blackened vory considerably, as tbo sea- son baa progrossod. Holders havo suoceedod in main- taining their prico at 4s., and every attempt to buy at less money has hitherto failed ; ono line ol 50 hiles was placed at 3c Od. In'bond. Gunnies have met with, the utmost neglect ; the price has nominally stood at 7a. Cd, but a parcel was olo-ircd off by auction the other day at 7s. Id. Boots and Shoes.-A very largo bu.lneBS has been transacted in theso goods OIOEO on 1,000 cases of im- ported have been (.ot rid of, besides some large parcols of colonial mado. At the last publie talo held this week come 67S packages were cleared off, Man's wol llngtons brought Hi. Od.; half do , 10a. to 13;. 0J.; E.Ö ,10. 0d ; womon'a S.S., U.U., GB. to Ila Od.; do. do"Tp.H" 5a. 10d.; men's all lasting K8., 89. 3d. to 83\. Od.; do. buck slippers, Is. Od.; do. do. fur-bound do., Is. Od.; Grecian (ur do., 4s 10d.; maid'* 1-2 all lasting, 0.. 5J.; 1-2 kid, 10s. 7d ; girls'0 0 kid, U.S., 3s. to 4s.; do , 1018, 81. 3d. to 4B.; IIOVB' slippers, 2i 2d.; youths' balf-welllngtons, 7s 3d ; mon's MuchaT, 7s, 8d.; crop leather, lOJd. per lb. Candles.-Tho utrnoii heaviness has pervaded tills article throughout tho month, There has been no Inquiry whatover privately, and the whole* of tlio husinesBdono has gonn through tho auction ro mi. In this manner about 6,000 boxes li »vo boon cloarcd off at prices whiob showed a gradual deolmo until lO&d.; to lOJd. was touched. For the tew trifling ta'o. reported privately, lrjd. to lOJd, WAS obtaiuod. Latoly, bowovor, under the Influence ot an anticipated chango In the duty when Parliament moot), moro attention has booti directed towards the market, about 1,000 boxes were taken up in ono Uno a day or two ego on private terms, and fully id. advance has boen obtained for any sold muer the hammer tills weok. Tbo month, moreover, cloaos wltb a firm and steady aspect, belt brands being saloablo at 103 i. to lOJd. Uomenw.-Portland commands a fair amount of attention, and notwithstanding tho vory prejudicial effect that exacting a duty of Is 3d a barre), which is not yet law, bas had on the market, transactions to % moderate 1 xlent aro tffoctod in bond, as DUJ ers pre- tor, under such circumstances as the present, to bo quit of any unnecessary risk In regard t» duty A shipment of White's, 800 barrels, was list vtook sold at lflJ. 0d. in bond ; we quoto up to 17s , and souond bruudu ruallso 10s. to 10s. Sd., quotations equal to 17s. to 17s. 3d. and 18s. to 18s. 3d duty paid. American plaster Is moved off at 17s. to 13s Chomlcals.-There has boon no variation In ih.so goods, all being conip.'otoiy out ot season, lui beon very llttlo doing In any Item. Soda crystals maintain a steady quotation of £7. Ata lar¿e auction salo pai eels in faulty condition woro cleared off at loss money. Carbonate Is quoted at £1310s. to £14. Gaus'lc Ia valued at £17 to £1710s ; for rather a oona'dorahlo purcol disposed of in ihu course of the mooth £10 5s. was accopted. Fiowor« of sulphur command no notice; wo quote £1010s Tartarlo aold is in «low Balo at 1» Od. tola. 10d Cream of tartar Ia »toady at 18d. to I4d. Prepared opium is selling, though slowly, at 23s. Od. to 24s Chicory.-Imparted branda aro ontlroty driven out of tbo market ; thero is no.hlng whatever doln"' in them, we quoto 21d. In bond. 01 COMBS the tntor coloulal trado in this and any mauuUctucea startol under n protcctlvo polloy Is lost, as It Is not likely that with colonial grown chicory saleable for local trido liurpoi cu at 4Jd. and 4Jd., we can oompeto in othor markets. . Cottue.-BuBino&s; Is exceedingly heavy, much duller, Indeed, than Is usual at this period of tho year ; there l8 no Inquiry whatever for export, and tho local do mand IB' limited to supplying trade wanta, of a very ordinary description. Quotations' in bond have undorgono no alteration. Ko. 1 and 2 plantation aro moved off B toad Hy at Od. and 8Jd. Java is saleable ac- cording to quality, at 7d. to 8Jd. Nativo Coyion IB acareo, and 7d. IB required for small trado parcels. Our dates from Java reach to 27th May, and from Colombo to 10th Juno. GonfccUonory.-Another of our manutacturo9 which la fast diivlng out the Imported, as it IB Impos- sible for Kelllei's or any othor brand to competo with Viotorlan manufactured, rqual In quality in evory way, and which can ho sold to advantago at 8Jd. to ¿Jd., while Keillor's BIIOWB BO howy a losa at our quo- tation of Od. to 9}d. that ImportorB dara not faoa It. Candled peol roalleop, all round, 11.d., and jujubes find buyers atlSjd, ts 14d. Cordogo.-Wo noto a fair trade inquiry for Viotorlan mado at prices which show no chango on our quota tlo s of laBt month. Halt to throe-quartor Incti cord ago IB moved off at 8}d. to Dd., and assortments ot one to four and a half inch sited ropo are got rid of at £80 to £06 for Manilla hemp mado. New Zealand (lix mado oordago and ropo realises p'icca ranging from £48 to £60 Coir ropo, hawaor alzo, Is saloabio at £60, Imported bolt ropo Is quitted at £05. Flat ropo baa nearly gono out of uso ; when sales aro mado, £78 Is obtained. Seaming twlao is quilted at 13d. Fish.-Thora hss boon llttlo activity this month, novorthelcBs we havo no spoclal changos to refer to, ling Is being disposed of at Cid. Half barrels white herrings aro quitted at 3ls.; Arkins oommandlOs.; buslncsa haa been done In the former at our quota- tion, lib. frosli berringa aro much want.d, but sup- plies do not como forward. Bed hnrrlnga in tins have been disposed of at 34s. Cd. to 86s. lib. salmon la .firm at 12s. for Arnot loan and Calltornlau; Engrían, brands aro steady at 12s. Od. Halves sardines have only beon moderately noticed; wequote 12s. Od ; quarters aro sold at 7s. lib. ojsterB havo beon qulttod at 8s. 3d. to 8s. Od , and may now bo valued at 8s. Oil. to 8«. Od. lib. lobsters aro saleable at 9s. Od. Fruit.-A very largo and continuous demand has been maintained for currants, and sales havo boan freely made at Od. ; the market is, bowovor, a trille castor, and £]d. would not bo rot used now. Atsomoof the public eales of dealers' surplus stook, 1,000 boxes Ulomo and Valónela raitlns wore quitted at up tn old., and for ordinary itrsde pareóla we quoto /¡id. to 6 jd. This is, however, lnclmivo rf a duty of lid. per lo. Sultanas aro scarce and wanted. We quote up to 7}d. Muscatols »ra nominal at 8il., ihoro Is no Inquiry for thom ; and no.business can bo roportod. Figs are quoted at 61. to6Jd. Di led apples are dlsposod of at all prices, rising, accoi ding to condition, from ljd. to 6Jd. and Od. Flour and Grain.-Tn the markot for broidstuffs little worth spécial mention has transpired. Tho utmost dulnoss has pervaded tho market, and no chango in piicea can be rotorrod to. Slnco our report of l*st month thora have beeti lntorvata of more aotlvlty when ono or two larger pareóla of li mr' changed hands, but with thoao oxcopttons a unlloroi at peet of dulncss and want of animation has provailod, Adolnldo country brands of flour and Molbourno town brands have maintained a ntoady quotation of £10 fis. to £10 101., hut as a rulo business has hoon limited to the dUposal of small lots for trade purpoaoi. On ono occasion a pared of 80 tons was takon up at £10 5s,, and on another occasion a Uno of 200 toni, halt Vie. torlan and half South Australian tiranda waa closod for, but these purchases failed to inako any lmpioal in on tho markot, Kelatlvely thero has boon much mire activity In wheat, numerous parcols hnv.ng bean c'.oircd off. For tho greater patt of tho month, bow- ovor, tho market «bowed weakness, but a slightly Im- proved feeling is porcoptlblo this nook. From 7a. Oil. Adelaide whoat dropped tn 7s. 2,1. At auction on Tuosday, the 29th ull, 7s 4<), w.e accepted tori 000 buahola Adolalde. On Wednesday 1,401 bushels wero sold privately, and, though 7s 4d. terms was obtained, aleo privately, for a superior ihlpmont of Port MacDonnell, 7a. was accepted on Wednesday tor a parcel ao'd under tho hammer. On tho 80th, a line of 2,000 buthols Adelaide was placed at 7«. fid,, and about 2.000 bushel« Now Zetland wero quitted at Cs, Sd. to 0s. 7.d. On tho 3rd Inst. a parcel if Adelaide wheat about 10,000 bunhols, changed hands in'ono Uno at 7s. 2d., which atterwards waa ro-sold at 7s. Sid. On tho day following whoat ahowod moro firmness ; bent Adelaide was quoted at 7s. 8:1. to 7s. 4d., Port MacDonnell being salotble at 7s. to 7s. 2d., whlto prime samples of New Zealand could realise 6a Od. to 6a. 7Jd" Inferior belog got rid of at less money, say Cs. 3d. Last week an attempt was made to sell Adelaide uador the hammer, which did not aucccod. On the 0th, aoino 2,100 bags Adelaide wero cleared off in parcela at 7a. 4d. This weok 7s. 4 J. net wai paid by auction for a parcol of Adolaldo, and wo understand that 7s. 6>., terms, his been offered since, -without leading to buslnosg, 7'. Od. being1 required hy tho holders. Port UaoDonnell maintains a steady quotation of 7s. to 7s. 2d. A parcol of 3,000 bushels was placed at our quotation. Tasmanian Is quoted at 8'. Od. to 0s. Od.; a Uno of 600 baga ohangod har.dn on private torms, and wo loam that a price fully sustaining our quotation waa obtilno.l. In feeding grains we have little to refer to. Oats have undergone no fluctuation whatever, and for really primo «ampi«, the only aort at all nloable, last month's quotations of 8i. 7d. to 3s. 8d., have been maintained throughout. With Inferior descriptions the markot has beon hoavlly stocked, and the auction mart has had to be retorted to te make any progresa at all In salts. In this way, numerous shtpmonts havo been cleared off at prices rising from 3s. 2d. to 3i 61. for stained and medium qualities. Hains has met with a moderate Inquiry, and prices have steadily ruled at 3«. SJd. to 8s. lOd. Buley has figured very jlttlp in' the month's trade. Cape, feeding sorts, aro quoted at 3«. to 3J. id'. Malting barley has I heon wanted, and very prime samples would rm-et with a iesdy sale at as to at. 8d. Bran has boon quoted at frotul2d. to 13d. ; this week a Uno of -i,O0U bu-hols was placed at 12Jo. Pollard has stood at 1». 2i. tu li. <Jd. Victorian oatmeal Is disputed of at £20 to £?2. Kew Zealand oatmeal Suds bimera under tbo hanituur at £18. Peail barley is quoted at £\Sto £19 Quupovider has met with no notice whatever. Ha'i'e has been out of tho markot for nearly a month nnw. Stocks ot KamcB and othor descriptions, however, uro Keary, and prices Jn consequence car) scarcely bo rap ported ; we quote Od., tut a concession would nut bo iofurcd to largo buyerB it thereby thoy could bá In- duced to como forward and oporate more frosty. For outside brands we quote Cjd, By theso figuren it will ha seen that the duty proposed to bo exacted bin, as yet, mido no difference In our quotations. nope.-The advices by tho lost mull regarding (his pioducthave bad tho effect of stimulating the markot to a considerable extent, The run, however.ha^ been restricted to Ano samples of Kent 1870. of which sup- plies bavo been very short tor come timo past, and It is anticipated that now, Importers, who saw a loss of Od. staring thom In the faco, may ultimately get nut much more advantageously tuan it was at ono ti ne thought. For best samples of 3870 Kents, lu. «H. Is oskod ; medium qualities aro quoted at lid. to Is. 11. ; 1868 and 1860 rule at from Gd. (o DJ. Sil.» of primo 1871 Tasmanian are reportod at up to lid. j 1870's find buyois at Od. to KM. Malt has been quito neglected, and elnso lho now duty has boen imposed no bnsluoBS whatover has tra_fpired. Lnnt seaaon'a Importations aro disposed of ct from 7a. to 7a. Od , according to quantity. Now season's mato has been coming forward freely, und by this mall \to are advised.ot 22.808 bushels «avine; 1 otu shipped. Good templos of new aro in hir tn-.do itqufBtnt 7>«. Od. to 8s 3d. Metals -With tbo oxcoptlon ot lho trado done in galvanised corrugated iron, for which tho dornend lias been unabated throughout the month, nothing worth (pedal mention has othorwlao occurred. A considerable advance has beon established ou nil corrugated galvanised Iron. Bhfpmonts of Scotch sold to arrive a month ago realised before tbo month was closed £2 advance. Wo now quote for Scotch £ß& to £20 for 20 gauge. .English ordinary brands nro worth £27 to £28, and best brands Rre qiiotod at £28 to £81. Two Bblpmontu ot Braby'e light iron 26 gau20, fia caso ex Moravian and Anglesey, w.iro oloared off on Tuesday last at £23 6«. to £31 J 5s Two invoices woro token up privately forthlpin.nt. Fig-iron is Bales bio at £1 ISs., a pilco which shows a »light improvement, Bar «ntl rod Iron Is quoted at £10 to £11. Sheet iron la s toa J y at £11 for asioriments of Nos. 8 to l8 ; Nos. 20 to HO command £14. Flato Iron ii etonly at £IL 10«. In hoop Iron thoro ia now much leaB doing ; wo q-i >to £1110s. Fencing wiro is in Blow salo ; wo quot'j £15 10s,, £10 10B., nnd £17108. for Koa. 6, 7, aim 8 Eliot Is valued at £30, but with a duty of Id. por Hi as nowimpoicd it will be mmlfoBt that nono uhlch lisa paid tho came can bo disposed of at tho price. >»h - i-t leau Is quitted at £2610s, Tin platel hr.ve hoon t o quontly plnoed at 15 to 20 per cent., advauco on in- voice. Sales of Munt« metal have como under our notice 8d. Pareóla of Kwbank's nails have bon got rid ot at 17} to 20 per cent, elf list. Amerloin nalia main- tain a steady quotation ol 20«. Collins and Sharp j's heavy axes havo been 'quitted ct the extreme rato of 78s. Collfnt-'s heavy plcßs aro quoted at 52a." Arue-T« shovels becarao dullor after touching 70«.; sales can now with difficulty bo mtido at 68a. Day's 1)-H. Bhovols, 54 to 86 inches, bavo been got rid of at 62a. Other brands, samo tizo, aro saleable at SOa, fiuilnesi in hollowaro has come undor notice at 36 por cent.- off list. Oils.-Trado lu koroseno has throughout tho month beon confined to tho disposal of the quantity taken out of bond wbon tho attempt to impoto a duty waa first mado. These parcels, however, htvo nineo become quite absorbed, and p-ices aro begin- ning to be firm again. We now quoto 2s. 7d. (or Dtvoo'a Brilliant. A few small parcels havo been disposed of at 2a. ljd. In bond, hut prlooB, generally speaking, havo never gono beyond 29. ljd. to 2a. 2d. We have, mnrecvor, been this month without any Californian niall to give an impetus to tho market. Tho Osma Cock, which brings a fair proportion, arrived tbia wcok from Hew York. Castor has not boen much dealt In. We tuidaiBtnud that the Star of the Mersey's shipment bos slnco her arrival gono into tbo bands ot the trade. Small Unos have been placed at-is. 3d., duty paid, which is equal to 89. Od.'in bond, according to the prcsont tariff. Linseed Is in slow ?alo ; ii. 3d. Is required for drums, duty paid, but there 1B now veiy little in Btock, bulk is quoted at 39. lud. Sales of colza are made at 5s Od. for drums, and 5s lOd. In cask. Olivo Is quoted at 61. In drums, and fia. Od. in wood. Ohineso maintains a nominal quote lion of 5s. 3d. Polar oil is valued at £40. Oilmen's Stores.-Ono or two very extensive dealers' salos wero hold In tbo courso of the month, at which the trado generally amply suppliod their w-ents, BO that tho ordinary courso of trade has been somewhat intorfcrod with. On our quota'loas, notwithstanding that, wo bavo llttlo chango to roport Pickles nro moved off at prices lining from fli. C1, to 7e" 8a., OL, 0s, Gd , and 10a. Cd, according: to brand. Assorted bottled fruits aro quotod at Ol. 91., and black cunante at 10a, Od.; lib. Jama are di-posod of st Cs, to 7a. Salad oils in quarts are placed at l8)., 22a., and 21s. Gd.; pints bring lea., 10s. Cd. ana 12;.; half-pints aro got ild of at 6s l_d to 7s. 3d. Castor oil In pints la quitted at 7«., and ball-pints reallao ii. Od. to 4s. 0J. Sauces bring 69. Od. to Ca. Colman'» mustard has heon sold at a sh ide leso money ; 71b. tins havo been placed at 6|d.; lio. tlBB bring- Or. Sd. to 0). Od., and Jib. tine Sa. 31. Kcon's D.Ö.F. is saleable at 19s. tor lib. tins und 10s. Od. for Jib. tins. A Uno of 105 cases Palmer's plaid matches wau cleared off at rather a low Oguro ; about 5«. d_d. to 5«. Od. is stated to havo been acoopted. wbl'o ard blue starch aro quitted at Sd. Thumb blue realises 10}d. Sago is quoted at 2Jd. to 2Jd. Soles of macaroni and vermicelli at OJtI. como belora un. White pepper 1B got ild of atlljd-, aud black popper at 7J1. to7jd. Provisions of nil eorta aro dull, heavy, and nesloctod Thoro is no butter of good prime quality offeriutr; such as there is, howover, Is disposed of at -Id. to 01., and wo hellevo that shlpmonts to BOHÍO oxtont uro being mad« to England in tho hope of Hading a moro reinuuorativo maikot. Obeeso is HBOIVISO In abundant supply, at 4d to Od. for colonial made. Imported la quoted at lOd. to Is. Colonial cuiod bacon Is in «tow salo at lOd. Colonial hams find buyers at 12d. to 141. Imported hams realise 15d, for Sinclair's, and 16Jd. for Varey*«. , Quick Bilvor.-Notwithstanding a considerable re duc Ion made In tho valuo ot this metal, with a view to Inducing buyers to oporato with moro f roodom. yet salea are still on a most trifling and unimportant scalo. We quote from 3a. to 8s. 2d llico bos maintained a very steady position, and value» have heon exceedingly well supported ; tho only prominent feature this month waa tbo arrival of tho Star of tbo Mersey from Calcutta, tho offer subse quontly of tbo entire cargo by auction, and tho Bala In this manner of 60 tons at £22 15a. Tbo balança, which, bo wovor, waa withdrawn at that time, waa afterwards got rid of in parcels at au equally good Osuro AdvlccB from Calcutta by the mail, which roach to 3rd Juno, report the departure, on the 11th May, cf tho Kasss, 325 tonB, for Molbourno, with 7,010 bagn rico (200 tonB of which go to Sydnoy), 123 bündlet Unes, 2 chelita tea, and i oases solar bats ; and on tho Bama day, tbo Fronch barque Bordeaux, 013 tons, e'earod for tho colonies to oil! at Port Phillip BeadB for ordere, to proceed to either Holbourne or Sydney ; hor cargo constats of 17,000 bags rica, and six cases solar hats. The Arrakan was on tho borih for Melbourne, but up to that timo no cargo had bceu passed for her through tho Cus- toms. Tho Victory, 255 tons, dally oxpeolei, was to load back for olthor ilelbourno or Sydnoy, Advices from Java to 27th May, s'ato that 80,000 piculB Boodhl rice had been bought for Europo at a prlco withhold, but supposed to be 2250, to 23011, per koyang of 27 plculs ; for small lots hililori asked more money. Batavia kinds woro quoted at ISOfl. to 1G6I1 for v, 1)1 to, ard MOIL lo 14511 for ho 2. Java-dressed lice Is quitted at £2210a. to £55. according to eamplo. Bankok is worth £21, and Saigon-dressed £20. 1120 bags, being tho damaged portion of tho Star of the Mertcy'B cargo, wero cleared off j eaterday by auction, about equal to £19 Is. net, duty paid, being' realised, Salt has been far from satisfactory. For somo timo the market remained dorrmnt, aud when buslnoas subsequently opened out the prices obtained were so very low as hardly to bo credited. A few pírcela 1 f coai BO wiro got rid of by auotiou at £3 la. aud £3 2s., duty paid. . A shipment of 140 tons Uno, sold aa faulty, wes taken up at £8 10a. Anothor shlpmont of 100 tons coarse and Uno, half and half, was disposed of prlvatoly at £8 7a. Coarse Is now offering; in small lots at £3 IO«., and Uno Is quitted at £315a. to £1. The Birch Grove shlpmont of 500 tons, and one or two other paicols «hloh havo lately arrived, will hare to bo stoied, as tho importers refuse to sell at Buch prlcea. Slates.-Tho market la still exceedingly heavy, and no transactions of any Importance bavo como betöre us of late. Tho shipments advised are on a solo far too txcosslvo for our requlromcnt«, and tbo supplies which havo como forward during the month have bad a very dopretslog effect Quotations show no change. 24 x 12 obtalu moderate attention at £10 ; 22 X 12 find buyors at £14, and for 20 x IO quotations Bland at £1110s. Sugar.-Tilla staple has not boen much looked after. Tho auction mart, the usual outlet for tho same, has i his rxontli had a leas aharo than usual la tho din fioial of eloak. The market has boen exceedingly loavy, and baa docllnod, though, considering every- thing, tho fall ho. been much les« than might have tuon r-uppcood under the cli-oum'tances. On Mondiy tho 19th ult, the day aftor tho last mall'a departure, a good deal of excitement prevailed In consequence of the heavy public ea'os advertised to como off that diy. Tho cargo of tho Marlo, from Mauritius, conalstln* of 7,827 bigB, was first offered, and tho auctioneer» succeeded In disposing of 7.000 bags at from £Î5 tor rations to £38 IO.', for fine whites. Theio wa« a full attendance of Iho trade, bv.t a declino of 26s. to 30-. had to bo submitted to on many of the do acrlpttons quitted. Tho cargo of the Jamos Hannon, comprising 8,407 bags, waa then placed on the market, but the Bellera showing more stiffness, only about 2,000 bags wero actually got rid of In tho box, though, owing to subsequent salen, tho quantity disposed of altogether reached 3,700 bags, ana, as Is vory of ten tbo caso when mo-e than ono heavy sale of gooda of similar description come off on ono day, better prices are ob- tained at the lost than at tbe flr.t ; BO lu tho present instance. It being stated that fully 10s. to lSi. of what waa preriou'ly lost waa recoverod beforo tho close of huslueca hours. Middling white crjetals brought £87 16s. ; yellow counters, £34 16s. to £35 5s. ; low ocuntors. £3110.. to £32 ; browns, £20 10i. to £3) 100\. ; low.rotloua, £26 10». On Tuesday, some 778 mats wero sold publicly at £33 IDs,, and about 1,000 bigs wero quitted privately at prices ranging from £27 for rations to £88 for white crystals. 1.000 bag«, the dtmaged portion of the Marlo, wore sold nt fair rates. On Wednesday. 1,000 bag« again were quitted privately at 33,. Gil. to 36«. for low to good yellows. On Thunday, Eomo 6,300 mat« Chinese sugar were sub- mitted to publia competition, but tho buyors showod so much want of spiiit that the brokore withdrew the whole shipment. The butinons tran»aotcd throughout tho follow li g week was of very little account, every attempt to quit stock proving unsuccessful. On Tuesday, tho 27th, about 1,000 bags rations, ex James Hannett, wero placed by private contract at about 27B ; tbo provlous day tates of yollons nero reported at 31a 0d. On Wednesday »orno 6,500 bags wero submitted to public competition, but only SOO bags could be got rid of ; 836 bags damaged were publicly sold the same day at fair rates. On Thursday more uti cn Mon was directed towards the markes. Nearly 2,0(0 bugs of Mauritius yollow countora and brewing cr) «Ula were plaoed on private terms. The aale of 1,000 mats Java sugar waa likewise mentioned amongst that day's business. On Tuetday.tbe 4th inat. about 600 baa-a fine browlvg crytUla were sold for export at 86s- to 87«. On Friday tome 1,300 bags and 1,400 pockets, ox Pan- dita, wero offered, all faults, and oloared uff at very irregular prices, ranging from £22 16a. to £33 16«. On Monday, tho 10th Instant, the cargo ol the Bil»» beth, from Mauritius, con-letiug of 4,488 hairs BUgar. . waa efforcd, ot which the brokera told 2 700 bags at from 26B. to 20s. 6d. for rations, 29s. Od. to 32s. 61. tor medium counters, 84s. for groy browing crystals, Mid 34s 3d. to 84s. Od for fine counters. On Tuend.y seme 2,115 haga Java low rollning sugars ex Oin id > wero disposed of at £17- Our adwcoj from J IVA uro np to 27ih May, and from Mauritius, per tho Mollien, to esme day. Tea.-Messrs. James 0. Ho'<ortson and Co. report as follows t-*-Tho poBt month has been a quint ono In our market With tho exception of some trifling otport taits ot common to good common Congou and niix<>d leaf kinds, and a email trado demand, nothing has been done No doubt this is la a great measure atti Ibu tab le to the near approach of the now aoason'a teas, and we do not look for much activity until the first ahlpment arrives. Salea havo boon made of mixed loaf to blsckleh losf kinds nt Is 3d. to la. 6Jd ; alBO go->d to fine kalsows, at le. lOd, tn 2s 2d. Dust and sittings are In liltlo demand. The. Cuina mail arrived on trie 8rd InBt., with dates from Foo-ohow to !0th May, and Hong Kong to Î6lh May. Tho delivorlos for tho put mouth have been 3318951b., agalnBt £22.643i!)a. during sumo timo last j ear. The stock lu bond on the 8th insiant was 1,540,7491b. agaU.it 8,821,7761bB. on 0th Juno. 1870. Our qu nations «to : - Congou.-Dust and Billings, 7d. to 8d. : broken Foo- cbow, 8d. to lOjd.; ordh.ary to good, 10¿d. to Id.; mixed leat kinds, IB. O.d, lo Is. 2Jd.; do., with llttlo flavour, le. Sjd. toll. 4d.; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 4d. to lt.. Od.; do Btrong, la. 6-1. to la. 0Jd ; do. strong flavoury, 1«. 7d. to Is 8d.; kaisow kinds, Btrong, la. 8d. tola 10d.; pekoe souchong and pokoe flavour, la. 10d>to2i; (lue rich pekoo, souchong flavour, 2s Id. to 2s. 2d.; do., very tíiiodo.,2). 2Jd. to 2s. 8X;B0ucUon^, common, l8, to Is, 2d.; do., middling to Une, Is 3d. to IB 6d.; orango pekoe, tcented ordinary and broauu, Is, 3d, to Is. 4d.; do . good to fine, Is 8d. to Is. lid ; caper, eccntod common to middling. IB. liL to Is. 4id.; do.,-middlingto Ano, Is, 7d. to U. 8J.; young hyson, common. Is. Id. to Is. 3d.; do., good to flu a, le.6d, tola, lid.; do., ADOS., nono; iruiptrwdor, Cnu tcn, good to fh o, Is, Id, to Is. lljd. Abovaquotitlons«, are at pen lb. lu b»nd for chelita (boxos beluj worth 8J. por Ib. moro)." . Timber.-A lair amount of business has boen transacted in thta market at improving ratiB. On Tuesday, the 20th ult,, some rather oxlnnsivo sales. carno under our notice Bod Baltic T, and G. flooring (sold all faults) brought 8s. Si. por 100ft, llneaij 60,826ft, 0 x J, white, «ere e'earod Off at 81. 3d to 8s. 6d.; 114,400(t.,0 x J-. while beaded T. and G. lining, wero quitted at 7s. 81. ; 80,674ft. white. 6 x f, roaiised a tlmllar figure ; and! 47 flOHt. red, 6 x8, brought 6a.; 7,017ft white battens, Inferior, sold at'3d. 6-16ibs per foot 9x8; 122 6041t. Kow Z> aland pine fetohed 7B. Od to 1 li 0d. por 100ft., tupoi ; 26.4S0i>, 0 x 1 lo Ox li T, and G, were quitted atlOs. tol2a 6d.; and 40 apara at 5s. 6 J. O_i tho23rd, there v>eie bold at tbo Australian Whait :-Ex ßla.k PrlBCo-110,000ft while fine shelving, whioh brought £12 per 1,000ft.: 80,0001t. second quality do. realised £10 6?. to £10 7a. Od. do.; 21 OOOfc. lin. cloarplue, £14 2s. Od. to £14 5s. do.; 20.000ft. Hin. ta 2!u. carpenters* do.. £10 69. to £13 2s. Od. do Ex White Swallow-48,0001.. l}ln. olcir pine, £14 7a. 6d. to £1410i do. Ex Cortloa-23 OOO.'t. cleat pine, £14 to £16 7fl. 6d. do. Fx Black Prince-683 doora, as- serted tines, HE. to 23s. each. Ex Schoolboy-120 log-, cedar, 16s. OJ. to 20s. per 100ft. Kx Alurm-60 lo-js kauri pine, 18i. to 13í. Od. por lOOJt. Ex Taanian and Bolla Vista- 65,000 palings, at tor Oft,, 13) DJ. to 16 >. Od. per 10O ; Ctt., 11s. 3d. to 12d Od. do. Also, ox other thlp, 60,0006x| rod T. and G. fborinz, 6-i. 3d. por li 0ft. On Tuosday, the 27th, thore wore snld by suction at the Australian Wharf:-Kx Hut land and Pbincae Pcndloton-6,800 rod Baltic doils, which brought 4JU. per foot of 0 x 8. Ex Loch Lomond-30,00tift. four-out weatherboards realised 7B. Od. to 7s. lOd. per lOOIt. ; 30.000ft slx-out do.. Or. do ; 70,000ft. 6 x 3 T. and G. wbitn /looria?, 8¡>. d.i. ; 0x4 wbito beaded, 7s. do. Ex Blain Prince 260 doora,- 2'0 x 6 6, JJ(i-, K.P., 10s. 81; 69 do., 26 x 6-6. 11 D.M., 13s. 8d. Kx olliBr BhirM 2,000 led dealB,4d. to4Jd.'pcr foot of 0 X2. On the l.t lost, 47 cedar logs, ex Storm King, wore quitted at 21K. Od. to 26s. 8d. per 100ft. ; 45 OOOIt. Rlcb.ov.ad Uiver pine were cleared off at 13s. Od for ¿In., 10s. 3d. for Jin., 17s. 8a. to 18s. 3d, for Ho., ljin. brought 15s. Od., and 21n 10a. 01. ; 53 logs pino brought 13s. 3d. to 134. 61. ; 15.000 paling», ex Bella Vieta, wero quitted at 10s. 3d. per 100. On Tuesday, tho 11th, flooring, &c;, per Olanranatd, Appellee, and Tut kleb Empire, was cleared oil, and lumber per Black Prince:-684,000tt red and Scotch flooring and weatherboards wero quitted at for O x 1J red, 0i. 3d.; 0 x 1J white, 9.r.; 6 x j whlto, 7s.; O x ¡j wbito. Sa. 3d.; Ox i red and white beaded, 0<. 9i- ; CJ x i whlto beaded, 6s. 0d ; i out weatherboards, 7i. Od. Kx Bliiok Prlnco- 67,000 white pine T. and G. realised £8 12n, (id. Ex Loott Out, the cargo of ood»r logs was quitted at 17B- to 27«. 9d 113 doora ox Dan- denong wero placed at 20s 3d to 23s. Tobaccota have been dealt in mont cxteniivoly, and tlicmarketaltofcetber presenta an extraordinary chango on Iteappoaranco a|month or two ago. 1 ho couroe of tno market will bo host followed by a report of the aalea as they were can led through Immediately after tho departure of tbo last mail steamer, au attompt w,is mado to quit stock by auction. Only a very small por- tion, however, was sold, the roat being with drawn for prices which bidders did not thon feel justified in giving. Immediately ador leaving the box, 08 three- qnar'or boxes Ohlldrov's Anchor teiiB were quitted at lid. The actual eales mado from the box, wore-Navy fours, fives, aud poikot pieces, at 1». 6d. to Is. 6}d., whtloOhlldroy and Jones tena brought la., and a small lot of Star's »as placed at la. VenuB tens, damaged, were sold at 13_il. I to 14}d. Aromatic pounds and pocket pieces, 100 ene'*, were quitted on the 24'h at Is. 2d. to Is BJ. C1 navits, aromatice, and Cameron's toas, there I aro now only a vory few shipments in tho agenta' bande, and as thara IB nothing w latever afloat, and -no lui.nor aupplloa can como forward before Oc- tober next, all orlneo- a rising tendency. Stocks of all descriptions of twlnt are gottlng Into a very narrow compass, and prices, In view of shearing commencing next month, are not only weil sup- ported, but a considerable advance is anticipated. Ia«t week's business was chiefly characterised by the extensive naturo of the aaloa effeotol prlv..toly. 086 threc-t,uarter boxes Starlight, second quality of Camcroi.'n tens, and 103 caaes TalUmin half- pounde, wero dented off to arrive, and on the spot, at a very full pi leo; 160 packages Sr. Andrew twist were also taken up In a line at an advance on prions previously ruling. An offerfortho balance t,f stock In the agents' hands was nit o made, but declined, and they now bold for IB. 4d. The balanco of two Bhlpmcnta of Two Seas fives and rons wero at tamo timo quitted at la. 4d. for three-quarter boxes, and Is. 4}d. for cases, leaving a vory email stock on hand to supply the trade do msnd for the noxt three months. Tho sound portion of a shipment of Ohlldrey's tens, ox Carnarvonshire, 100 packagrs,wasalsodlapoBodof. BythesaineveaselaBhlp mentof a now brand, "Crown," la forwardod by Bar- rett, and the quality Is found to bo equal to any that cornea to this market. On Mondayajver 600 packages, various brands, wero offered undorthe hammer, of which about 372 packages were oleared out at Od. to 9Jd. for tons. Aromatic pockot piccea wero quitted at Is. 3d., and sixes realised Is. 8d. to Is. 8Jd ; £15 in fsulty condition, were sold by auction at tctr rates, condition considered Our trade quotations are Medium tens bring from DJ., to la.; good. Kid.; flue, Is. 4}d. to IB. 6Jd.; modlum half-pounds somewhat scarce, and prices ara in a meaauro nomina1. Good realise 16d , fine la. Cd., aromatic pounds and half-pounds from 18d. upwaids. Fanolos aro now saleable at IB, 3d. to le. Od. Navies are dis- posed of at le, 2d. tolB. 8d., tho latter for choice lines Ormond's Bwlss cigara are quoted nt 38'. to 40s ; Manilla cb or oo ta, 60s.; Havannah-ahapod. 653.; Ham hurgh-mado, up to £10 ; and genuino Havannah run packages, from 10 to £40. Wines and Spirits.-Wlnei bivo boon particularly quiet and free from animation. Sherrlcshavo only boen favoured with the most trifling Inquiries for trado purposes, hut though not cf much account, sales havo extended over all descriptions from £18 to £24 ior low to good common, £32 £36, £50. £60, £00, and £110. Ports have mot with equal neirloct, the sales effected being of a moBt tiifltng chaucer. Quota- tions havo ranged from £16 to £18, £22, £28. £32 £42, £60, aid £74. At a public Balo a small parcel of OfUVy's port, 7 hbda. and 28 quarters, was quitted at up to £62 per pipe, In bond. Salis of Moot and Cliquot'H champagne bavo been otfected at"75i. Trade in brandies has beon exceedingly quiet, the advices by tho mall not having created tho slightest excitement. The weok alter the mall's depart uro 100 quarter casln Martoll's and Hen nctBy'a pa'o were taken up on private terms. A ehlpmtnt of 160 quartcra and 10 hilda. Vlnegrowera' brandy changed hands at 6s. 8d. ; thoso constitute tbo Er Incl pal sales reported during the month, tbo mirk o t avlng been very heavy indeed. Hennessy's pale has ruled at 6s. Od. to 6s. lOJd. For Martoll's dark, wo quote Cs. Od. to 7s. Martoll's palo it not saleable over Os lid. to 6s. 3d. For Otard's we quote 0). to Cs. 8d. O V.P. la valued at 6s. Od., and VlnogrowerV at Cs. 61. Aeeoclated Vineyard Is offering at 5». Od. to Cs. 01. Balea of Ju'cs Bobin and Go.'« can be made at 5s. Od. Marett and Renault's aro valued at 6s. 3d. - Cen- tral Vineyard Is quitted at 4a. ltd., and I), Frcro's Is cold at 4s. Geneva has of late commanded moro notice. A line ot 1,006 catea Key was taken up at about lOi. 74d. JDKZ Ia moved off at 11« Od. lu small lots, but a sixpence lets would not bo refuted to get rid of a largo line. V. H. and Co. Is quoted at 11«. Twenty bottlo cates of the two latt brands are taleable at 13a. Od, to 14s. Bum, 10 per cent, o.p., Is selling freoly at Si. -Id. for B, W. P, whllo 3a. Od. can be got for Lemon Hart's ; for 30 per cent, o p. thore la no In- quiry whatoTer. Whiskey In bulk lain oxtremely slow Bale, and no business of any kind can be t rant acted in that spirit, which does not appoar to take at all. Quotations range, according to quality, at from 8s öd. to 4a. Sir it. Burnett's old tom Ia moved off at 12 <. 6d. to 18a. _ MONTHLY WOOL REPORTS. Mcasrs. Hisnxos CIINIXOIMII and Co. report: "Wool.-Wo have few transactions to report in this market, sales having boenconfinid to parcels of scoured sorts Prices aro vory firm, and any lota offered are readily taken up at very full rates. Wo quoto greasy at iii. to80. por.b nominal; acourod,Sd tolOd. pcrlb, the shipments since laat report are aa follows :-From Hobton'u Ea¡ -Carisbrooke Cast-'o, 1,041 bales, cloared 20th June ; Homorretthire, 1,111 do. 80th June; total, 2,162 bales. Previous shipments, 210,707 bales ; total shipments from 1st October, 1870, to 18th July, 1871, 212 040 do ; corretpondlng period 1860-70, 201.B80 do ; do., 1S68-60, 211,462 do. ; do-, 1807-63,200,312 do. ; do., 1866 67,162,911 do. The following abipa aro now loading:-Ktsex will take about 1,000 balea; North Star, l.OOOdo.; Star of Peace, 1,200do.; and Anglosoy, 1,000 do. Sheepskins -Thore has been brisk competi- tion for all dotcrlpttona, and prlcos still rule high. Butcher!,' green skins realise from 2i. 3d. to 6s. each, ltd como picked lota havo brought as much aa 6i 4-1. each. Dry station aklna aro worth from 3d. to O.d. per lb. Hides remain in good demand, and buyers operate freely. Heavy-weight« are valued at 21s. to 2fls. each; light-weights, from 14s, to 10i. Od, each ; and calfskins, 5&d.; per lb. Tallow.-At our weekly saloi during the month com- petition has been fair. The advices respecting the home market to band by la-t mail bavo tended to srmewbat bardon prices,' and we quote mutton at £33 to £36 7a. 6d. par ton ; beef, from £3116s. to £33 6i. per ton ; and mixed from £23 16s. to £82 psr ton. Kangaroo Sklno.-For thla article wi have numerous iuquii IfK, and prices obtained are very sitlafaotorv. We lavo Bold small aklns from 2s. 0J. to 4B. S t. per donen ; medium, from 6s. to 10' 01, per dozen ; largo, from Its. to 25.". por dozen, and a few extra large S&>. per dozen." TUB LONDON AND AUSTRALIAN AOBSCV Conroiunox LIMITED furnlth the following report:-'. Wool. fjlnco tho departure ot the June mall no eales of any Importance havo taken place, only about 820 bales having changed bands, and these hive chiefly con- sisted of icourera' parcels. 'We sold a line of New Zealand greiBy at a reserve which was not obtainable until the arrival of the English nowa. The aatlafaot.ry account sales received by the mall (which was delivered heroon tbe3rd ln«t_)b&ve; had the effect of Increasing tho general desire of buyer« to operate, and consequently, any lots offering aro readily quieted at an advanaa o' 3d. to Id. per lb. on our last quotations. Tbe June July eoilrs of London sales Is being looked forward te with sanguino hopes of equally favourable ro'iilrn. Our reports from tho country aro still hluhlysatislic tory ; seasonable rains continue to fall, and excellent accounts of tbo lambing come to hand from all quar- ters. Sheep aro In Uno condition, and it Is long since they bad so favourable a growing season throughout the year, or such tboroughly evenly-matured fleeces. In view of the advance In the London -wool market, and the exceptionally good season, It would at this moment be difficult to foresee any obstacle to the prosperity of pastoral enterprise, and well-circumstanced properties have como Into active request. On many stations prop» rations ter tho coming dip aro being actively pro- ceeded with, and by next outward mall shearing will have fitlriy commenced. From the generally ex- pressed determination to bavo tho clip got up in the best possible condition for market, a dcoidod Improvement in the wools throughout may be looked for. W/o glvo tho following quota'tous : Groaty-Interior, id. to fid. ; medium, 5d. to 7d. ; good, 7d. to 8Jd. Slips- Inferior, 4d. to Od ; medium, Od. tn81.; good, 8d to lid Scoured-Interior, 8d. to 10d.; medium, lOJd to 14d. ; good. I4jd. to 17d. ; Buperlur, 171d. to 2ld. Fleece-Inferor, middling, and good ; none offering. ' The following ehlpi hwe cleared since our last, «,1z.:-June 20, OarlinrooKo Cattle, 1,070 bales; Juno SO, Somersetshire, 1,111 bale»; total 2,187 bales. Add previous ship- ments, 209.820 balo« ; total, 212 007 bales, show- ing an increase of 0,560 bales abovo tho corre- sponding period of lest yeal. Sheepskins - Since the aritval of last mail ceinpetlilon has boon rcy active end pi lees Bim Oreen Bklne have Bold from 2i. 3d to .Is. Oil- each ; dry Biatlon slitns, from -J. to 7d. pm lb., act Olding lo quality and condition. Hide).-Dom Mid coiilnucs fully adequate to tho Bupp'y, aad previous rales at« fully maintained. Oreen bulloak lildeseell freni 21s. to 28a.; cow bides, from 15s. to 21s. oach ; wet salted, fiom 8Jd to 4J.1. per lb. Tallo*.-Largo quantities have been brought forward and dhpo'cd of at full rotos, tho last English advices giving a ritlior fl'tnnr tone to our market. V/e quote-Muttoa, from £82 IQB. to £35 5s ; beef, £3115s. to £38109.; inixjd. £31 to £8210i. per ton. 1 ho shipments of the month iimcunv to 8.02S cn-1,8 and 105 pipes." MONTHLY UVE STOCK REPORT. ?FRIDAY, JULY 14. ÎJcaue.'DALiiAiiOY C__MJEL_ and Co. report; "Fatfctock.-Our cattle markot is now In a vorv rio pice-EOd ¡tato, primo beef this nook only fetching l8-, per 1001b. In the t-bcop market prime qiflltlos show a slight advance, but those forward la'oly have gene- rally been of a better dosotlption, and also much boin t woollcd, willoh accounts, for the riso. Wo quolo bo.c wethers 00!h. at 12-, 6d., 601b. ewCB at"8i. Cd 7 191 cattlo and 91,3P5 sheep have passed thtotKh Ibis markot during the last four weeks, and wo cannot hdpo for any Improvement In priue-s whilsttliosupplies continuo so heavy or until the mi at prcEcrvIng companies buy to a greater oxtent than tiny bavo dono the tatt fortnight. Our sales this week havo beon 110 of Mr. Jamo« Tysou'a bullock*, from Warrego, at the top 0j.uro In tho markot f ir northern cattle, viz, £715a. all round ; 217hoaiI v.lry good quality, for McssrB York and Walsh, of Sydi ey, at £7 for bullocks, nnd £6 6s. tor cons ; 100 hoad, for Mr. henry Dai lot, Buuriuluinblah, at £5 4a for cowa, and £7 for bullocks; 61 head, for tbo exjeu'ora ot A. M'Millan, nt £5. _,-(!_ sheep, for Me&ars.; Peppin Mid Sons, Wanganella, at 10s 6d. for wothors, and 8s. Od. to 10a. for ewes; 877 wethera, for IK. IVtn. Taylor, Kiilor, at Os. to9i Od. ; 206 wethera, exïia weights and quality, for lho lion. W. J. T. Claiko, Bock Dank, at 17s. to 17s C1 ; 301 for same ewnar, fiom Bald Hills, at 7s. Od ; and 800 outside, at currant laies." MELBOURNE MARKETS. "WEDNESDAY, JULY 12. THB MILLS. Business hc-a been rather dull Biuce the wookopened, purchases only being made for tbo supply of the burest trade vants. Quotations are :-Flour, £1010a.; pollard, 1B. fid. te) Is. Od. ; bran, 1B. 2d. ; oatmeal, £21 ; pearl barlev, £21. KETAIL MARKETS. Thero In no chango to note in the retail provision market tinco our Saturday's roport. - .Butchers' meat and peultry rulo flim, anti dalry produce, although p'oiitifu), still roalisoa la.it. week'* raleB Tho following aro the ruling prices :-Beof, 4d. to Cd. per lb. ; mutton, 2Jd. to 4Jd. per lb.; veal, Gd. per lb.; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, ii. to Oa. por pair ; gceso, 8s. to Ila. do.; ducks, 5a. to Os. Od. do.; turkeis, 9a. to 22a. do. Dalry Produce- Cheese, Odnto Is. 4d. porlb.;eggn, Is. 5J. to Is. Od. per dozen ; butter, lOd. to Is. per lb ; bread, 7d. to 8d. per alb, loaf ; milk, Od. per quart; hams. Is. Id. to Is. 3d. per lb. ; bacon, lid. to Is. 21. per lb HAY MARKET. The demand for hay hoe improved Bomowhat dur!n_ tho inst day or two, and prices are not so heavy. Time la no potltivo improvement, boaever, quoUtlona still jilling as follow -.-Hay, from £3 to £6 ; Btraw. from £2 10s. to £2 16B ». EAbTERN MARKET. Tbo supply of all claries of produce brought to market thta morning waa vory limited, and an eurly clearntce was effected at tho following rates:-Vee tablCH,-Jerusalem Artichokes, Id. per lb.'; beet, Od. to 1>. per dozen ; bouquet«, 4«. to 8s. per doz-n ; cabbage?, Od. te Is. Od per dozen ; carrots, 01. to 8d. per dozen buncheu; cauliflower», Od. to 8a. per dozen; celery, lu. to 8J, per dozen bunches; cress, water, Od. to 8d. per dozen bunches; garlic. 4d. io 8d. per lb; horseradish, 2s. to ia. perdozan stich»; leeka, Od. per dozen bunches ; lettuces, 3d. to lOd. per dozen ; marjoram, Od. per dozen buuehes; onions, diled, 7s. to 10a. per cwt. ; do., groen, 4d. per dozen bunches; parsley, Od. per dozen bunches; paranlue, 8d. lo la. per dozen bunches ; potatoes, 2). 9J. tv 8«. 6U. per cwt. ; pumpltlni«, 2". to 4s. per dozen ; radishes, 4J. to Od. per dozen bunchie; rhubarb, Is. Od. per dor.on huncboa ; sago, 9d. per dozen buncheu ; shallots, 4d. per lb. ; thy mu, 81. per dozen bundie« ; turnips, Cd. to Sd. per dozen buuohm ; vcgetablo marrows, Is, per dozen. Fruit.-Apples, 21, to 4d. por Ib.: melon», preserving, 2s. to 4a per dozen; peais. 2d. to 4d. per lb. Dalry Produce. Butter, 8d. to 104, per Ib.; cheese, 6d. to 7d. por lb ; ducks, 4a. Cd. to 5s. Od. per pair; eggs, Is, 4d to Is. 8d. per dezen; gceso, 8a. to 10s. per pair; hens, 3a. to 5n. prr pair ; heney, Sd. per lb. ; pigeons, 2s. to 3a. per pair ; pork, Od. por lb ; rabbits, Is. Od. to 2a. Od. por pair ; sucking pigs, 7s. to 10a. eaoh ; turkeys 10s. to 20s. per pair; hams, la. poi lb,; bacon, Sd. to lOd. por lb. MELBO ÜRNE SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORTS. VLtwttt. AIMED Wooi/Lur and Co. report: " Although our batbour has been but Bcantlly sup- plied with chipping duiing the last four weeks, we are enabled to advise a fair amount of business, which, however, would have been far mure oxlended had tun nogo beon procurable. Ills settlement! madf show previous rates of froliihta to bo fully maiutalnod, und the market continuos Arm, witli nn excellent selecti ni of charters open for vessels of any size. For London, the tonnage on the berth has been well supplied with cargo, principally tallow, meats, and bark ; but light freight,'as wool, has been very ec.irco Tho ships laid ou since our last aro the North Star, Mary Shophord, Turkish Empire, Holgate, and Janet Fcrgmon. Tho Reigato was subsequently withdrawn, and the Mary Shepherd met with a casualty by Ure (being souttled, and then sunk, but afterwards ralsod again), which has led at piecent to her removal also- In addition to Iheto, the Anglosoy, Star of Poico, and Essex («Ivor Used to Bail to morrow) aro all loading and nearly full, .the Norlh Star also being neatly laden. T.io Gatlsbrno- e Castle and s.S. Somersetshire aro tho only departures. Kate» are now flrm at our quotations ; but with regard to tho future of this trade freights will be Bomewhat guided by the shlpa we may have hero, and the buoyancy or otherwise of IndUn quo'a tlens, which by last reports continued to be fairly up- hold. Fur Calcutta, tho departure« ombraco tho Jumes Service, Oxford, and Loch Lomond, the latter In ballast. To loud horses, &o;, Tho Douglas and Olanranald havo boon .taken up, to load In Mol- bourno and Sydney respectively; and tho Apollos is chartered to load either boto or at an intercolonial pott, and to bring back a ru'.urn cargo. For Colombo -The Atnluo proceed* to Warrnambool to load bone-dust. For Bombay.-Toe Star of India is loading horses and sleepers here The Carnarvonshire proceeds to Newcastle to load cal undor berne charter, and for Banio business a uhip »r two could readily bo placed. For Singapore-Tbo Byron proceeds via Swan River, aud the Pandita \ lu Kowcaitle. For Hong Kong.-The IVrosael Ciu'.lu and Reigate accopted coal chirtors. For ghangiiae. - E-'Otts to obtain t-mvige tilla month havo beon f rul ICSB. For Maolla- 1 ho charter of the Helen ila!co m reported in our last has been cancelled, IlioGny hound and Wrcssel Caí ti o aro fixed to load back to Melbourno, the formor taking on coil from No wen; lo. For YokohaniB.-The Black Prince sccurodu, cturtor to load coal. For Java.-Nothing has beon doue, aud tonnage continues In request. For Tomato.-Too Louise Schipper ia to load coal at Newcastle. For the Mauritius_Hie Mail» was re chaitsred for the car<o thither. For San Francisco.-The Kandolah is tho only Vfssol fixed this month. Chatters iffecteda-e an follows, viz :-Star of India, 1,040, Melbourne co li-im bay, £1,576 ; The Dougln«, 1 428, Molbourno to Cal- cutta, £1,260 ; Apelles, 1,030, Molbourno or inlnrco lonlal port to Calcutta, and b«ok to Mo'.bourue, £4 000, North Star, 818, Janet Ferguson, 631, Holbourne to London, private terms ; Amlne, 172, lYnrraatnbtW to Colombo, 80s. per ton ; Greyhound, 231, Newcistlo te Manila- 25«., and back 40a. nor ton ; Wreaael Oastlo, 810 Non-castle to Hong Kong, 80s., tbonce to Manila and Melbourne, 42s. Od. per tou ; ffelgato, 1.032, Nowcastlo to Bong Kong, Sus. per ton ; Kbaudeish. 1008 Newcastle to San Frau cleco 33s.; Black Prh cr, 700, Kowoastlo to Yoko- hama, 30a.; Pandita, 240, Nuwcastle to Slngop^re; Marie, 374, Newcastle to Mauritius, 21s.; Olanraualil, 1185, Sydney to Caleatr-a, 120 Lories, £18 and OdO tone coal at 12a. por ion. F>right quotations:-Mol- bourno to London-Tallow, 47s. Sd. to 66s per tin; case meals, 80s. tn 35«.; treacle, 12a. 01. per »SE ; balk, ground 40a, chopped and pressed 50A. to 66i. per ten ; wool, id. per lb. routh Australian port to London- 06s per ton for birk ; Callao to Europo, 06s. per ton for guano ; Java to Europo, 00a. por Inn ; Nowcastle to Yokohama, 30i.; Shanghai, 34a.; San Franclieo. 32a ; Hong Kong, 3U9.; Bunbay, 201.; Cal- cutta, 17s.; Batavia or Soutabava, 16s,; Macassar, l8«.; Ambeyna, 20a ; Ainoy,'82s.: Colombo, 26 .. Galle, 20s.; Manila, "Jit.; Mauritius, 21s." July 14 Mr. 8. D_ FEB. reports:-" Although tbo quantities ot produce offering for shipment to England during tbe rast mall month have beon unusually abundant lor the season of the year, scarcely any ohango worthy of note has occurred in rates of freight, and lho slight changos w hlcli have taken place have been In favour of thfppen. At dato of my last circular (17th ult.) tho tender ey of rates was to advanco. but since then two outside rhips-viz, the North Star, 816 tone, and Janet Ferguson, 586 tons-havo boen chartered and laid on for London, tbo former having been taken up at, as reported, £2160, aud the latter at an amount kept private. Rates of frelirht to Lon- don now current are-For wool, waehod and greasy, overhead, }d. per lb ; tallow, 60s. \ ground birk, 46s.; leather, £6s. for SOowt. ; and for preserved meats, 85s. per 40 cubie feet. The amount of ton- nage nn the berth and advertised, which embraces the Ewex, North Star, Star of Foaco, Anglesey, Turkish Kmplro, Llncolnrhlte, Mary Shepherd, and Janet Ferguson, together 8,182 tons reghter, I» scarcely sufftcletit t.>r present requirements ; and it appears strange how the fact of two comparatively small »hips being laid on anou'd have led to evoi a depression lo rates, far loss any reduction, more cscecinlly at several of the regular liners, which, In other clicumstances would no doubt have taken the berth as uiual, are about to leave on other employ. mont. Tbo departures during tho month have boen upon but a limited neale, the clearances number- ing only two-vi*., the Carisbrooke Castle and Somereoishlro (a.a ) ; tho aggregato tonnage bo'ng 3,767, against 6 OOO tona for the preceding month. A general expectation prevails that tho wool Ecaion will commonco unuBually early this year, advices having boen received of »hearing having already commenced in the Battled districts situated in the Far North ;and the tonnage advieed aa on the way outwards, and aovertleed at home to succeed, belog far from plentiful for anticipated requirements, thero ia every likelihood el rates of freight ruling favour- ably for shipowners during tho approaching season, Considering the number of ships which hare bean available, tho chartering operations of the month have bton _nmf»ctory, almost every disengaged ship having found employment at profitable rates ; but tho oentlnuod tcatc.ty of tonnago low.-s many ro quiion-enta still unfulfilled. Tho following engsgo mcnla during tho month fall to bo noted, v z :-5tar ol India, 10.0 Une, at aiump&uinot; £1,276, withhoraea and raliway Sleepers to Bombay from thla port, dur tererB finding water and other necessary requirements; ship Clanmiald, 1,186 tonB (»I the Loch iln>-), to pro ecce to Sydney, thero to load tor Madras und (lui cutta about 1,000 tons co.il at 12s per ton, and a full complement of horses or, £13 each-landed alive, tbo ship BB usual Unding water for tho stock, Tho Douglas. 14!8 tous, horses and aioapera, hence to Chl cutta, £1,200, tho Bhippera finding water for tho stock, and nil othor requirements, tho ship being f ice ol all risk of rnortalitv. Ship Apollos, 1,020 lons, hence to Calcutta with boreen, to return to this port chiefly v> 1th rice and other Bonza! produce, at a prie, that his not irantplred. Barquo Wreatel Castle (colonial owned), coalp, hence to Hong Kong, at 80s. aud sugar back from Manila at 42». Od ; and the brig Greyhound, iron Newcastle dlicct to Maulla with coala, an 22s 01., and thenco to Melbourne willi tugar, at 42i. 61.-bo.h ebljs filling'up with moderato quantitloi of hemp, at a com.ponding rote. Ship KeigRtc (of Moss». Shaw, Mexron, end Oo.'s line) proceeds to Netv coBtlo, thero to load coals for Hong Kong, at 8l)s As a laige and comparatively »toady trade exists in the ihlpmcnt of borter from this to the va- lons Indi in markets, and as tho ehlp has almost invariably T.o find the large quantity of water ncodf ul for the stock, ihipowncra at home, keeping this important trnfll: In view. v.ould save considerably by supplying Unir vettils willi H condenser cap.blo of distilling ¡.boat 40 ) gallonB tee. water per diem. The ship Mary Shep- herd, willie moored at the railway pier, nod about halt-dUcharged of hor Inward cargo, was dlscovored to bo on Oro in rho lowor bold during the ni^ht of 2nd inat. Through the spirited oxer tiona of Captaiu Croat, assisted by the commandera and crews 0Í neighbouring vessels, the Aro waa trail kept under, the ship hauled off and scuttled in a depth of water about a-wash with hor dock. She has eloco been raised, and the hull found to have recolved considerable damBge, and in tbo nicanthno ter.dere for tho necessary repairs have boon ciiiud for. For toumc.o to load coals at Newcastle a oon>ldoraMo demand Billi cxli.lp, and which, in fact, is at p-estnt permanent; and rho following ratea are now obtain able :-Shanghai, 85s ; Hong Kong, 28s., Yokohama. 8Es. ; Calle, 20a ; Manilla, 22s ; Bitavla and goura haja, 16a,; other ports In Java, 18s.; San Francisco, 32». 0d,; llonolu'u, 27a. In the intercolonial trat'e coal froluhts bavo slightly ImproveJ ; hut a. Ihw trafilo 1» now, and for a considerable time pvr. has been, confined to tho (.tournera engaged lu it, tho fluc- tuations In rotea when Ihr-y do occur aro but trifling, and scarcely worthy of bolng recorded." July 14 REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Buelno'B gonerally IHB presented a ratho: quiet apfoaranco during thopast niall month, partly owing to tht usual Indisposition to enter Into large irnos to lions at the dose of tbo ha'f-year, and moro ospool.h.v to the comparativo deproBion caused In the Sand- hurst mining market by the formation of the now companies mentioned In our last report. The tone o' the market baa however beon good, transactions sum up to a guod extent, and prices generally have been woll supported, while In rcveral cosen good advances bavo beau established. It Is satisfactory to note tint the mining dividouda, both for tho month and for the half-year, aro in excess of the corresponding period* of lait year; those for the mail month aatou t ing to £78 658 2a. 8d., and those for tho six months onding Juno 30, to £465,S84 10i These amounta aro BatMactory in themselves. and there la reasonable expectation of an Inoro»' ud amount during tbe present half year. D.bontù ei continue Bcarce, and havo commanded vory full rates. Bank shares have had a quiet market, oxcept for Com- mercial, which havo advai.ced cooniderubly. Gas ahares higher. Insuranco shares dull. iloU-pis scivlng companies ibares easier. Quartz mininer companies dealt in to a good extent. Hallara', al u vial companies have bad a limited business, further frauds In mining management and continual lltigaliun affecting business. On the whale, the market, tri UM h quitt/ ii firm, and thore is proiuh>o cf a good business tor tho current half year. Debentures, Banka, and miscellaneous Stocks.-'Ino dimond lor Victorian Oorornment local debentures continues lu excess of the rupply, orders (or largo parcels requiring considerable lime before they can he executed. Six por coals, placed at £112 to £112 10B. Few five per cents In the inartful ; a «ale at £104 IDs. Molbourno and Hobson's Bay Hallway nix per dent, debentures sold at £103 IO J-, add obtainable ats-me. UelbournoCoiporatiou BIX por cent'. n>t ofle'Od. Bank of Victoria have charged hinds at fri,ui £30 5s. to £¡¡9 15s, and cluan at £40 Durer.), £4010>. seller». National Bank of AwtraUsIa have bein told to a modeiato extent at £5 16s to £5 10s for Welbourne roglater, £613s. for Adelaide rotator, and £6 15a. for London register, clo.lng at £5 15?. for Altlbourno register. Colonial Bank ol Aus tralasla bave bad a somewhat restricted business but at rather improving ratea ; salea from £3 10«. to £0 IBs., closing at £U 12s. Od. Commerchl dank ot ¿.Uhlralla have had au active matket at Blo-dlly advancuig rates, and cloie firm ; eales from £3 7n. 6 i tu £3 16r. Bank of Now South Wales would find bujeiB at £32 Land Mortgage Bank sold at £2 7<f. Od., and v, an tod at this price. Southern lu'tira- c; hato had a quiet market at 18a. National Fire In- surance dull at 2i. lid. to 8*. Id. Austra'nsliu Fire and Marino have buyers at 7s., sellers at lOi ; Lu» .hares obtainable at l63. Australian Alitanco A>s ir ancosoldat £4s. Gd., havo buy era at 31s., ami aro hold for 30s. Melbourno Cas Company eold at £0 2s Gd 10 £6 5i, and aro wanted at former pilco. Oolliogiviod and Fitzroy das oro cxtremoly scaroo, and storth £8 10s. to £812i. Gd. Bendigo OBB seid at £4 and have buyers at same. Ballarat Gas are at £10. Melbourno and Hobson'» Bay Railway shares quitted at £44, no- minal closing price £47eeller«, £43 buyers. Ko'houroo Mcnt-ptcterving Company Bbarej sold nt £1 lOi. to about £4 and cloee dull. Alluvial Minos.-Ballarat-Band and Albion Console have been dealt In toavood extent, but at graduai'y declining ratea ; sales from £2 17». to £2 4s. 61, cloh.g about £2 6s. Od Baud and Band have had u quiot bJ6inet» at from £10 7s. Cd. to £0 17«. 6J , doting nt £10 6s. for double istue. ParkOompauy havo boen sold nt flucluatlig rates, prices varying between £2 10s. and £8 0i"nnii quiet at closo, with £8 2s. asked. Ht. George and Band bave lud fow tianeaetfona ; shares aro held for 42s. for contri- buting, and 66s. for paid-up. The Bon-haw i reth'tld havo Iel part of their mino ou tribute, and sbarus have (ince had tome little Inquiry at £14 t. £iß. Wlntoi'a Freehold havo hid a vory Irrogulur market, opening at £13, receding to £0 ami finally doting about £19 cum new issue Unitod Albion and Prince of Walea «old early In the month at 88s. to 40s., but In c.mcquenco of Irauduloi t practices In c.nnexlon wtthntrial- proapeur, reported by Bomeof the directors, the shares bocamo almost unsaleub'o, and prices were forced donn io 9«, ; they have alnco Bllghtly improved, aid cloie about 12s. Od. The Koh-i-noor Company had a do fircBBod market, and tboy were quitted as low as £3, reproving to £G IDs. on report that, they had struck the same wash au that ct the No. 4 shaft of tho Baud and Albion ; this advance has not, however, boon sustained, prices having sines given way, and cloee about £4. Prince of Walea havo had a somewhat fluctuating market, calos ranging from £3 81. to £2 .10a, and closing; at £2 14s.; a dividend ol 6s. pal.l. All SaluU* Company worodealt In at declining ratea; aalea from 20r. to 9s., and since nominal at O'. ; woik stopped ponding reconstruction of company. Ore it Gulf Company have Improved In value ; sales from S '. ts IBs. Od. Beechworth.-United Ovons Col-! and Tin have been quitted at slightly reducod rates; sales from £8 2». öd. to £714s. Wellngwu Company have bien in fair request, sales up to 70s. for paid up, and held toréame ¡-contributing held forSSi Kneebone Company also in good favour ; paid-up worth about 48s" and contributing 881. Evelyn Tunnel, Warran- dyte, quite neglected. Gobur, Godfrey's C.oak, nominal at 8a. ael'ers. Quartz Mines.-Sandhurst-Hustler's Company havo further Improved, and closo firm, sales from 85«. to 40s., the mine now yielding well. Extended liuatie.'a have alco commanded Improved rates, sales from 851. tools., and the Tributes have boonplacod at 201. to 80s. North Hustler's quiet at abouties. OomotCom puny seid at 8s. to 10s, but on report of reef being h truck advatced rapidly to l8). ; they are since euler, and havo teller« at 14a Beiulc Dom psny nominal at 7». Hoyal Hustler's havo declined from 16a. le 12s. Victoria Gold- mines havo been quitted at 62.. Cd. and 60s, and aro ti..let Hercúlea Company have been dealt In to a good ? x tent, and close at advanced rates,; aalea from B8a to 46a. JobPton'a Beef continuo In request ; salea from 16s. 6J. lo 10,-'. 9J. North Johnson's havo btoj dull ; sales at 22s. Cd. to 24t" and offered at latter. ÍI030 of Doumaik quiet at 16s. .Tho Coilminn and Tacihl '.'<mi piny have got thereof showing gold well at tho 7 _'0f-. level ; aharea have been placed at from l61, to 17s. Ud., closing quiet at about 10s. New Hoon Company dealt In to a good extont at from 16s. to 18s.; tho mine looking weU. Extended Kew Moon quitted aa low aa 10d., but have advaucod again to Is. 6d- United Catherine have Improved to Oi. Oil. buyors. St. Mungo Company have alco lmprovod ; aharoi held for 7a. The Garden Gully line has had los« businosa thla month, but prices of iho loading companiea continue firm, and In some acvancea have taken place. Garden Gully United Bold at 66a. Unity havo been plaied at ,46>. to 48"., hut close easier; sellers at 45i. Victory tod at 60s , and obtainable at sams. Rainbow Tri- bute placed at from Sis Od. to 35».. closing about 34a. Pandara sold at £46 to £47 10s. Cornish United ad- vanced to £180, but B'O now obtainable about £170. Bellevue Tribute neglected. New Chum and Vloror a Tributo placid at £27 to £28 10s. Groat Britain Com piny Bold at IDs. St), to 20s. Gladstone United qule-. No 1 Tribute shares have recedod from 4i Od. to 3'. Od, or_e lot quitted at 3s. 7Jd. Fraz.r'. Comp toy told at Os. Od. to 8s. Od., and oloae dull. Progressive dull at 8s. Od. Wilton's, Marong, aold at ratea ranging between 20a. and 18a., oloilDg Ann. Now Nelaon Tri- buto placod at £31 to £3210a. Saxby Tribute aold at "a. Od. to 4s. 0d-, and cloee quiet. Liztrua Company hare had a fair extent of business at 21B. 0J. to 221. Od. Victoria Beef sold at 9s. Koch's Pioneer Corn puny ncmlnal at £1,160 Bellera. Olunos-New North Clunes havo considerably improved ; BSIOB from £69 to £72. Clunea Consol« sold to a small oxtent at S6s to 32s. Lothair Company havo bad a fluctuating market, rising from 15s. 9d. to 25i, receding again to 20t" and closing with buyers at 22s, Daylesford. Cornieh Company bave mado a vory heavy advanco In value, and cinto In demand ; aaloa from £03 to £132. North Cornish dealt In to a fair extent ; Balea at 42s. to 44s. ¿um. div.,and 34.. to 861. ex dlv. Crown Com- pany Bold at 11s. Stiingor'e Oi eek -Tho Long Tunnel Company bavo bad an excellont yield, and doclared a £1 dividend ; shares have advancod to about £90 ox dlv. Walhal-a Company shares In demand, but not < ff« red. Long Tunnel -attended sold at 61. and S J. 0<1. No1 iii Gipps Land wanto! at £9, and offered at £12. Beechworth.-United Happy Valley sold at £4, and Bed Jacket Company at 4s. and 61., and bald tor 7a. Od, Bope, Wood's Point, hvro considerably Improved ; «alcafrom 16s. to 20«.; »dividend of 2s, declared. Kingower Cemptnv, Kingower, havo been placed at from 2a. Od. to 4a lid., and closo about 4a. Od. Lauriston, Prince of Wales, placod at from 13a. to l8«., and held for 20s. Otbcr Lauriston companies without hutlnoss, and prices nominal. Tookey, Thsmoa, N.Z., have hod a fluctuating market Sales from £28 lOj. to £20, then up te £8116a, receding to £2â 10s., again advancing lo £3310s , and Dually closing about £31 lOo. for the doublo issue. The dividends declared during the four weeks' mail period ami uet to £78 063 2a 8d, and are ontlreiy from mining. The dividends in detall amas follow :-For week ending- June 21-Goldon Horn, Springdallah, 10s. per 2.500th, £1,260; Ornas Beef, Pleasant Creek, 12«. per 10,000th, £3 000; New North Clunes, Clunes, £1 per 2,056th. £2,060; Phoenix, Bfindhursr., £12 per 11th, £182; Central Gardm Gully, Sandhurst, 2«. per 2,000th. £200; Re- form, Haddon, 2a. por S.000 li. £800; North Cornish, Daylesford, Sa. per 3 OOOtfi, £760 ; Buto, Smythesdale, £6 per 40th, £240 ; Gladstone, Haddon, £6 10a. per 40tb, £200 ; Frederick the Groat, Sebastian, £476 par 8.1), £8 800 ; Wilson's, Marong, Is. per 32,000th, £1,000; Hercules, Sandhurst, 1B. per 23.000th, £140U; Pin- dora. Tribute, Sandhurst, Od. per 24 000th, £9J0; Telegraph, Sandhurst, £50 per 10th, £600 ; Haddon, Haddon, £3 per 04th, £102. For week ending July 1-Unity, Sanoliurst, 2s per 20,000th, £2 000 ; Victory, Sandhurst, la. per 8O,09Bita. £1,504 10a. ; Old Chum, Sandhurst, In. per 27,000tb, £1350; Pundora, 8aniihn«Bt. £90 por 14th, £1200 ; Great Extended Hustler's, Sandhurst, Is. per 23,000th, £1 400; A orlb Johnson's, Banubur«t, 9d. per 22 000th, £825 ; Korlh Specimen-hill, Sandhurst, 0d per SO.COOth, £750 ; Garden Gully Tribute, tjindhuret, 01, por 28,760th, £60315«.; Ironbark, Sandhurst, 1B per 9,000th. £450; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 25-. per 500th. £025; Band of Hope, Maryborough, 2a pi-r 0 000th. £300 ; Sesharn, Miry rwrowrh, 2s. per 6 OOOili, £C0O ; Wheal Kitty, Smythesdale. £0 per 28th, £103 ; -yrtio Creek, Sandhurst, 31. por 20,0OOth, £!S0; Speculation, Maldon, la. por 2,400th, £120 ; Hopa, Wood'* Foh t. Is. per 12.000th, £000 for Wcok end ing July 8-l'rineo of Wales, Ballarat, 5). pic 8 843rd, £2,085 16< ; Golden Gtrojm, Sctradalo. 20). por 2O00lh, £2,000; Oalatea, Berndale, 10B. por 2,100th, £1,060; Golden Lake, Sca- sdsle, 10) per 4,400'h, £2 200; Bu»e, Smylhoadnle, £0 por 40lh £240; Frcdo Ick the Great, Sebastian, £400 per 8th, £3 20J ; Pas«.-by, Sandhurst, £600 per 4th,£2,000; Wilson's, Ma ronji. 1-, per32,O00th, £l,O00; Heroulos, Sandhurst, K per 28,C00th, £1,400; CentralüardenGully, Sandhuret, Us. per 2.COUli, £0i0; Elleimere, Sandhurst, 6d. per 10,000th, £400; North Albion, Sandhurst, 3d. pr 24,000th, £300 ; Coltmann and Taccht, Sandhurst, Is. per 24,000ih, £1,200; All Nations, Matlock, 6s. per l,OCOlh,£400; Cross Reef, Flouant Creek,Ua. por IO 060th, £7,000 ; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Greek, £4 per 2,400th, £0 600 ; Haddon, Haddon, £3 per 61th, £192 For week ending July 16-Hand and Band, Ballarat, 5s. Cd. per 2fi,000ih, £8,200; Old Obum, Sandhurn, Is por 27,000th, £1,850; New Moon, Sandhurst, Is. per 24 000th, £1,200; unity, Sand- hurst." lh p;r 20,000th, £1,000; Pbooaix Tribute, Saudhutiit, 6d. per 24,000tb, £600 ; Pasa by Tributo, Sandhurst, Is. 6d. por 8,000th, £000; Annabella, Sandhurst, Is. Cd. per 8,100th. £212 10a. ; Pheonix, ¡Sandhurst £18 per Itth, £198; Specimen Tributo, Ko. 2 £1210s. per 8 h, £100 ; Hope, Wood's Point, 2a. por 12 OOO.h, £1,200; Msrtle Greek, Ben- digo, ia. ptr 20.000th, £833 0s. Sd. Tbo districts from wh'cn tbo nbovo mlaijg olvldcnda wore derived rank sa follow In older of amount distributed : S-nohurst, £B6,229 7a Sd.; Pleasant Creek, £13,000 ; Stringer's Creek £9,6011 ; Hcaredalo, £B,692; Ballant, £6,286159.; Wood'« Point, £2,200 J C1 unos, £2,068; Maryborough, £1,825 ; Daylesford, £870. | lbe total mining dividends for the several mail peilodB ti) co January 1 nt_nd tbuc-Four wcces er ding Jauuaiy 28,1871, £47,64210a. : February 25, £06,710 19«. ; M«reli 25, £01,287 12s 8'I. ; april 21, £03,178 10) 100. ; Ma. 10, £67,092 13i. ; Juno 10, £71,509 10s. ; July 15, £78,058 2-, 8d , makings gro-s totil lor thoiosr tócate of £455,88416s. 2d ronurtfd bv public com pin Us, ond to which a consider-alile fuithor sum «ould le-quire to be added fir prlvite con pailles and for purdie companies not roportad. For latobt transactions soo report In commurcUl column. SHIPPING OE THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVAIS AND CLKARAKCBS SINCE OUR LAST SrjHKAKT. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Du.. Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., ChUian ; P., Porttigueie; H., Hamburg; Hn., Hanovoriun," I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North German; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Belg. Belgian; Br., Bremen; R., Russian; B., Bhip; b., barquo; br., brig; se, schooner; B.B., fiteomor.l Juno ARRivzn. 17\. Le oh Lemond. B. a., 1,199, Lieutenant Ohar'os Grey, B.N.R , Glasgow.-Macfarlan. Blyth, und Co. 17\. Moravian, B. e., OOS, Homy Ayling, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 17\. Pandita. F.b., 233, T. E. Courtois, Mauritius. Turnbull, Smith, and Co 21\. Anglesey, B s" 1,018, J. Maddison, London. J. IL Whlto and Co. 21\. Greyhound. B. br., 231, J. F. Lloyd, Manilla_ A. Woolley and Co. 24\. Mcl-crby, B. B , 1,510, Henry Hughes, Lonion. -God. Martin and Cn. 25\. Clnnrarald, B. p., 1,185, R. Boden, Glasgow. Macfarlan Blyth, and Co. 25\. Apelles, B. r.. 1,000, J. Laird 11'Lay, London. E. Samuel and Co. 26\. Mury Shepherd, B. s., 905, Gao. Croor, London. W. Crosby and Co. 26 Star of the Mersey, B. br., 255, Evan Thomas, Cal- cutta -Robert Harper and Co, 25\. Betgate, B a., 1,032, J. J. Gunn, London.-J. H. White and Co. 20\. Carnarvonshire, B. s., 1,333, Jis M'Gid, Liverpool. Bright Brother» ned Co. 28\. Curacoa,Ii.N.M. steam sloopofwar, 16 puna, 1,750, 225 b. p., Captain Jonkheer M. W. Boiler, Batavia.-Captain Bowler. 20.-Annlc, II. br., 171, A. Froud, Mauritius.-Ro.fe and Co. July 3\. B.M.8.S. Avocn,l,481, A. B. Farquhar, Gallo.-F. R. Kendall. 8\. Turkish Ernplro, B f., 1601, J. U. Bare'ay, Lon- don_W. OroBby and Co. 3\. Corrido, B. b., 281, O. Hildobraut, Sourabaya. -Victoria Sugar Company. 6\. The Douglas, B. s., 1,428, J. Wilson, LIvorpoil. Geo. Martin and Co. 6\. Mohican, F. b., 606, Edouard Sarlon, Mauritlui. -Fanning, Nankivell and Co. 8\. Birchgrove, B. b.. 643, P. Taylor, Livorpool Grico, Sumner, and Co. 10\. Game Cock, A. B.. 1,119, B. F. Shorburno, New York.-Lord and Co. 10\. Ltulse Scblpner, D. b., 401, B. F. Sohlppor, Batavia.-J. W. Plooa Van Amstel. 11\. Janet Ferguson, B a"- , Boatou.-Newell and Co. . l8. MBy Quoen, B. br., 277, A. Spence, Cape Town. Captain Spence. Juno. CliKARKB OUT. 17\. Heléis, B. fl., 699. G. P. Burton. San Francisco, vii Newcastle.-J. B. Sivaioy and Co. l8 Gcolong.RM.S.S.,1217, R. T. Dundas, GUIe.-l?, R Kondall. 20\. Carisbrook Castle, B. s" 1415, T. Smith, London. -W. Crosby and Co. 22\. Kentvillo. B. s , 783. M. Doyle, Bakei'a Ishnd, Bright Brothers and Co. 20\. Elizabeth, B. b., 203. Jobu Geo. R. Guest, Mauri- tius -Joshua Brothers. 20\. British Prince»«, B. s., 1230, Wm. Brown, Bombay, v!âNewcastle.-Lorimer, Marwood and Rome. 28\. Nereus It. b., 020, A. Den Brooder, Java, vlft Now castlo -Victoria Sugar Company. 29\. James Service, B. h., 441, Henry Muckorsey, Col culto.-floyd and Cunio. 29\. BlBck Prince, B. e., 761, Vim. Inglis, Yokohama, v'ft Newcastle.-R. Towna and Co. 80\. Somersetshire, B. B.B , 1,603 Joseph S, Attwood, LoDOon.-W. P. Whlto nnd Co. 30\. Khandelsh, B. s., 1,109, Jaa. Sennet, San Fran- cisco, viß Newcastle- Lerimer, Marwood, and Rome. July 6\. Pandita, F. b., 288, T. E. Courtois, Singapore, via Neweutlu -Turnbull. .Smith, and Co. 11.' Intrepid, A. B , 1098, T. 8. Loyd, Sin Franclico, vHKeweastle.-J. B. 8wasej and Co. If. Loch Lomond, B. s., 1,200, Charlea Groy, dieu'la. -Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 12 Oxford, B. P., 1,282, 0. Vaux, Oalcu'.ta,-William Crosby and Co. 12\. Amlne, B. br., 171. Alexander Froud, Guam, via Warrnambool.-Rolfe and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OOT WITH COLONIA PRODUCE. ' JUNK l8. Goolong, R.M S.S., for Point do Galle, via King George's Sound-300 baga flour, 42 caeca tireen fruit, 15 packages butter, 2 packages oheeac, l8 packages sundries, 1 box silver (lilOoz.), 2 horses. JUNK 20. Carisbrook Castle, for London.-1 070 bales wo.il, l,f98 casks tallow, 48 kegs butter, 28 bales (lix 66 bundles sklhe, 200 tons copper, 102 baloi pelts 1__ bales leather, 1162 bags bark. 8,452 cusoa preserved meats, 80 bags bones, 7 tons loose bones, 0 baga liorna, 12,018 loose horn», 449 ingots spelt*r. JUNE 20. Kllzahoih. for Mauritius.-1H5 tons bonodust. 44 casks tallow, 44 casks sulphuric acid, 60 cases butter. JUNB 29. James Servico, for Calcutta.-50 tanks 8 casks leoj-i, 4 esses beef, 6 barrels pork, 3,259 cakes 2,130 tiles copper, 809 balei hay, 16 hiles chaff, 4 casks biscuits, 5 casks butter, 70 hor.es. JUNE 30. Sonicnetshlre, t.% , for London.-1,111 bales wool, 7,441 cases preserved moats, 1,031 euko 105 pipes tallow, 11 casks roan, 80 casks Kangaroo skins, 20 «ska lard, l8 casks black sand, 10 tons bone, 7 bales bulls, 12 bales f crolls, 44 bales 1 um-o leather, 658 bags bark, 16 hbds, 4 quarter-casks gum, 25 casca peatl shells, 5 casos pliuts, 1 cask wstor, 645 blocks romulus anti- mony, 12 packages i fleets, 000 cakes Bpelter, 11 quarler-caeks 9 cases wlno, 50 casks 116 kegs 1 tank buttor, 1,171 bags antimony, 69 packages tobacco, 20 packages sundries. Jutr 11 Intrepid, for San Franclico, via Nowcastle.-. pick ages effects. Juwr 12, Oxford, for Calcutta -400 bags flour, 200 tons copper, 181 bags bl an, 5,030 railway Bleepers, 23 otaos butter, 307 bales hay, 88 bales chaff, and 106 horses. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. JUKK l8. Geelong, R.M.S.S., for Point do Gal'.e.-Passcnjera -cabin : For King George's Sound-Miss B. Mills. Messrs. Harris, Wanliss, Oliver, Crosby, Cassidy, Wick witb, and Koisor. For Point do Oatie-Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Jones and child, and Mr. J. M'Coosy. For Ma- dras- Misses Farewell ((our) and Mr. Davalram For Calcutta-Mr. Fink. For Hong Kong-Six Chinóse. For Suez-Messrs. A. B. Gemmell, Rosenfeld, and Bappln. For Bilndlsi-Mr T. Knieht For South- ampton-Mr. and Mrs. Griffith, Mr. and Mrs. Wat itioupb, Messrs. P. H. Nunn, P. Reilly, W. Kvans, and W. Thompson. JUNE 30. Somersetshire, for London.-Passenger*-cabin : Mrs. Corrigan and throe chlldron, Mrs. ¿C Duckett, two children, and servant ; Mrs. Hobson, Mrs. M. Munt, Mrs. J. B. Âtwocd, Mrs. Kenworthy, Misa Hop burn, Messrs. A. Campbell, Busby, H. L. Prentice, Edwards, W. Haswell, R. Crabb, Lambert, A. «'Haughton. O. Fleming, Masters Busby and Cor- rigan, Captain Sandborg,Dr. W. R. Pike; and 163 in ' thotecend and third «bios. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following la a list of the shipa taking gold which' hare sailed from this port since the publication of our labt Summary, together with the quantities and destinations : Dato of Ship. Destination. Ounces. Sailing. June l8 Geelong Gallo .. 129 189 June 21. Hero Auckland, rill Sydnoy 4.851 June 23. Macedon .. Sydnoy .. SS Jane 80. Somersetshire .. London .. .,,", 8,332 The total amount of gold exported from lho^d_viM7 since the beginning of the year la 903 087 ouiK,/j, ot which 123,159 ounces v/ete traut.hipp.-d from Now\Zoa land, During tbo corresponding period of tho pre- vious year the entire quantity exported waa 790,619 ounoes, and of this total 113,884 ounces were from Now Zealand. * STOCK AND SHARE LIST FREOAT, JULY 1C Amount of Loan. DKEKSTUXES., Closing Prices. "3 £ £ * 1000000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 por oont 112-1121 800000 Viet Govornmcnt(local), 6 per cent. 104J-105 100000 Melbourno Corporation, 6 per cent. 108-107Í 10000 Ballarat Water. 8 per cont .. .. - - Ballarat Municipal, 0 percent. .. -. - Collingwood Gas, 6 per cont. 107 - 6000O Molbourno Goa, 7 per cent. Melb. it H. B. United, 8 1001-107 30300 1er cont. -. 136400 - 163300 -. 100000 OÍOS 21700 Beudlgo Wnlorworks, 0 por cent, .. - 20000 Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. - Last 3f _ s div. C.-S I * PtrHL'O COMPAHlrîS. percent Closing« el co J3 per Prices. wp< IM . annum. - £ ~ £ BANKS. & 65000 10 10 5 1 Bal. Bankg. (limit) Do., now IBBUO .. 10 } 6J-6Í 437500 10 1 Colonial of AuBtral. 8 o& 220000 10 4i'Coinmercial of Aus 1 tralla (limited) .. 6 81 100000 10 2,Mcib. Bank Corpo- ration (limited) .. 10 - 6G0000 5 4 National of Austral. 8 -Î 1000000 20 20 Now South Wales.. 16 31 - £00000 50 "J ( Victoria(ilol.reg.) a\\\Do. (London reg.) M: 383-401, £0009 10 2 Land Mortgago .. | GA» COMFAMBS. 10 2| 80000 10 7|Ualliirat 12 9J-10 24008 5 6 Bendigo .. 6 Hi 14999 5 5 Castlcnmlno 0 «3-3| 75000 5 5 Colimad »Fitzroy ODujlokford (limited) 12 8l8| 2980 10 12) 24480 6 4 Geelong 8 1 4T-6J (? 5 8) ( S 3i 210000 J. t¡ 5 \ Melbourne -j 8 OjBt I-0,10. J I 8 12J: 12_, 1 IS8URAÏTOB. 125000 5 '2* Austral. Firo & Mar. 10 8a -10s. 25000 5 è AuBtrnloslan Lifo .. 15s. 40000 6 1 Australian Alliance. 10 341.-803. 16250 _ \ National Fire Insur. - 8s 100000 5 1 Southern Insurance 10 18a. 40000 60 1 Victoria Lifo &ûen. 10 2Î-8 100000 60 ¿S Victoria Fire & Mar. WIFCKL-AXKOUS. 8 25-28 48938 5 5 Bendigo Waterwork 6 ! 45S.-S08, 17876 10 6 G'ppa Lnd. SteamN. 5 1 1J-18 87600 10 n Maritime & General CreditCo. (Limit.) 12J - ' 88460 - 6 Mdh.Meat ProBrvg. 10 4-4. 12333 50 60 MolbournoExch'ngo 0 17 12000 1 1 Studley Park Brldgo Victorian Ice fl, - 7000 20 20 12J 1819 RAILWAYS. 1 634700 60 50 Mclb.&IIob.BayUd; 7 1 44 47 