Odb Wednesday's issue, with the exception of the early edition printed for tbe Fort laud mail, contained a telegraphic report of the debate which terminated, at tfcc small boons of Wednesday, in the defeat of the Government by forty- eight votes against twentr-four. The Sliuiatrv not beiue nut out of office by any amendment, but having their proposal for s property-tax simply negatived, were not called upon to advise His Excellency as to the person who should be entrusted with the formation of a net? Cabinet. However, Ear! Canterbury has chosen to send for Mr. Daffy, and it is re ported that Messrs. O'Orady, Grant, Dob son, Casey, M'Lellao, liougmore, and Graham Berry, have agreed to join him. Parliament has adjourned till Tuesday, so that until that day we can expect do re Uabls) inforinatiou.. Should rumour be correct in giving the names mentioned, we can only say that it is a very ragged regiment for any Cabinet maker to march through Coventry with. Both Duffy and Berry have announced their policy beforehand. It ia simply to take the railway appropriation out of the Treasury, and with it pay off the deficit With all their impatience of new taxation, it is very doubtful whether the House would sanction such repudiation. All classes of politicians, and all sections of the metropolitan Press, profess dissatisfaction at the turn affairs have taken. However great was the anxiety to get rid of the M'CuUoch Government, nobody wanted to see them superseded by the Duffy clique. Still it seems to be anticipated that Mr. Duffy will manage to find colleagues who will not be above accepting the places at his disposal We need not speculate upon the manner in which the Land, Immigration, and Education questions would be treated in such hands, for, in the event of the team working together, they would not be able to command the support of the Assembly. Their first difficulty would be to obtain a Supply Bill to carry them over to the period when they will be able to meet Parliament, and their next trouble will be to get themselves re-elected. If it should so happen that Longmore and Berry lost their seate, the crisis will not have occurred in vain. Tbe latest sensation in tbe scientific world ifi tbe publication cf Dr. Darwin's new work, ' The Descent «f Man,' in which be definitely adopts . the theory which was merely broached by him in his former con tribution to literature entitled 'The Origin -* Species.' ThariTiB ad longer %ny doubt iu the philosopher's ,roiud that man's im {aediatc progenitor was a hairy animal witibf ftbiiitcd A&d; inov^^lc ' Wts, luwiog also a tail behind him, and being what he calls 'arboreal ' in his habits. According to tbe learned professor, the germ of the human race started into being as a polyp, and by lie process of natural selection ex tending over ages of time, we became suc cessively developed into fish, birds, quad rupeds, and ultimately bimanous animals. It seems presumptuous to question a theory so learnedly laid down, however repulsive the doctrine may be, but after all there is nothing new under the sun. Darwin's theory is neither more nor less than old Homer's- 'golden chain,' which he says Jupiter ordered to be iet down from Heaven to earth, comprising in its links all forms of organisation, from the lowest to the highest. According to a many times reprinted page of the ' Contemplations of Nature' (1764), bitumen and sulphur unite earth to metal, vitrols join metals to salts, crystallisations connect salts with stones, the amianthus and Iithophyte6 form a tie between stones and plants, the polypus unites plants to insects, the tubewonn leads to shells and reptiles, the water serpent and eel link reptiles to fish, the antu myra is intermediate between fishes and birds, the bat and flying-squirrel join birds to quadrupeds, and ihe monkey gives a hand equally to quadrupeds and man. Locke was of opinion that man was only an intermediate being, aud that there were successive gradations above him, leading up -to the Infinite; whilst another old writer treats us to a scale of being, having the magnet for its base, and the cherubim for its apex. Swift must have had some glimmerings of the truth of the gospel according to Darwin, when he pourtrayed no circumstantially the leading characteristics of his Taboos and Ilony hnhnms. The Yahoos that Gulliver en countered had hairy bodies, rudimentary tails, with human voice and features, and were 'arboreal' iu their habits.- It is quite possible, if their land could only be discovered, Dr. Darwin might be gratified by making tbe acquaintance of the human animal actually in the transition state from moukeydom to manhood, and here would be a glorious triumph for science! We Australians should feel a deep interest in the subject, for it is recorded that Gulliver, ou escaping from Fahooland, found himself arrived, a short time afterwards, in New Holland. Putting aside joking, however, the guesses at truth indulged in by this learned and sceptical generation are often very ridicu lous. If it could be demonstrated to our satisfaction that the monkey which entered Noah's Ark was any different from the monkey to be seen in coological collections at the present day, or if it could be proved that Adam aud Eve wore tails, and had a bone called the hippocampw minor in their big toes, as contra-diBtinguished from the man and woman of this year of grace, 1871 — even then we should be no nearer the vindication of the Darwinian theory. For there is no proeess of development by which the gift of reason — man's speciality which raises him above the level of the brutes — can be acquired. We have seen the learned pig arranging the letters of the alphabet, we have also beard of educated dogs playing a game at cards, and we have witnessed Burton's monkey, Major John Downey, drinking brandy and smoking a pipe. Strongly developed instinct these creatures may have possessed, but if they were to breed for millions of centuries with animals possessing similar qualifications, they would never produce a conscious being, qualified for immortality. ' What a piece of work is man ! how noble in reason : how infinite in faculty I in form and moving how express and ad mirable .' in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a god !' The reception of Darwin's new work is one of tbe symptoms of the infidelity of the age. Because in dissecting a human body, the knife of the surgeon does not come in contact with any spiritual particle, there is a disposition to believe that man has only a material existence, is governed only by the laws of matter, and can be manufac tured to order from the quadrupeds, if anybody could live long enough to give the experiment a tair cliauce. We must con fess that to this theory we much prefer Swedenborg's doctrine of degrees, where in he contends that tbe true system of nature is based upon two principles, viz., 'continuous' and 'discrete' degrees. The continuous degrees merge into one another, as sight into morning, or spring into summer ; whilst the discrete degrees are each so many distinct platforms one above die other; never amalgamating, but each prefiguring ihe one above it. Man he places on Uie highest platform, sepa rated from all below him by his vertical attitude, his consummate nervous system, and bis intellectual developemeut. He contains all the qualities of the platforms below him, being, in fact, a microcosm. He sleeps and feeds like the vegetable, builds and reproduces his kind like the animal, talks, dresses, worships, hopes, laughs, and imagines, in virtue of bis own original and unique humanity. Bat enough of this speculative philo sophy. We have a certain reverence for men of science, but the subject of Dr. Darwin's book is one that any man of com mon sense may be supposed to give an intelligent opinion on, inasmuch as no amount of learned research amongst bone caves, Danish middens, or lake dwellings, can throw any light upon it. Pope has measured modern philosophers pretty ac curately when he says : — Go, wondrnot creature, mount where Btaenoe gnidw ; Go, measure earth, weigh air, and state the tides Instruct the planets in what orbs to ran, Correct old Time, and regulate the son ; Oo, teach Eternal Wisdom how to ml* ; Then, drop into tbytslf, and be a fool. 