ADELAIDE. . , March 17. : ;Tho -Gpycrnor's absonco lias rbccn eommontodr upon by tho Proas. . March 20. Thoro is a 'great domand Tor wheat. Largo sales havo boon mafic at. fivo shillings and one ponny per bushel. — Courier. ' Thursday. Tlio nows from tho Overland Tclograph Expedition is of a vory favouruhlo nature t Mr. Ross -lind found nt Central Mount Stnurt, tho bottlo loft by tlio oxplorer'Staurt, oloven yonrs ago. . Phbfio interest is oxcitcd by tho toicgrams from Sydnoy, as to. the probability of an Auioricnn .filibus tering expedition visiting Australia. Furtlicr details aro anxiously looked for. Tho, corn market is vory firm. Considerable trans actions .ponding.' — S. 31. Herald. Tiisatre Royal. — Tlio produofion of Dibdin's 'charming Operetta of tho " Waterman" drew a lull houso on Saturday night lust. . Tho pioco was remark ably ivoll put upon tho boards, and thoro wasn't a hitch throughout. Tho Tom Jug of Mrs." Enwcott (tho main attraction) was cspouiully good, nnd the Bongs of " Havo you not hoard of n jolly young Waterman," and " Earowoll my trim built whorry, wore snug in a stylo which is rarely hoard to tho oast of Charing Cross. Tlio introduction of tho " Bay of Biscay" told with great effect, and was gloriously given — morcovor Mrs. Fiiivcott' lbokod tho jolly young Waterman to perfection, and managod: what .Jack would call hor timbors in truo sailor fashion — a more nttraofivo Tug wo liavo soldom Boon, and wo cortuinly onvy thoBO who row in tho samo boat. Tbo musical- molango which followed was particularly good, tho duotts between Mrs. Eawcott and Mat Riley clioiting .reiterated npplau«o,' and Mr. Oaton's magnificent con certina placing hushing into altonlion ovon tho most hilarious bu6hman ; a perfect master of his instru ment, Mr. Oaten cortninly discourses most oloqucnt music, leaving nil competitors behind him, nnd whon wo any that his tnsta equals his execution wo fool wo exhaust tho cnlalogito of praise. Tho aftor picco of tho "Limorick Boy" kept tho liousn in ono continual roar of laughtor from first to' lo9t. Tho Baddy Miles of Mat Riley being irresistibly droll and bristling with with points of humour, which woro given with tolling effect. . Tho, management has materially strengthened thoir'liold on tho - plnygoing public by soouring tho Bcrvicos of an artist of Mr. Riley's stamp, who is moro Irish thnn tho Irish thomeolvcs, and whe ther in handling a shillaliih, or " cutting it over the buckle," " an Irishman all in his glory is there "'when ho's wanted. His brogue is rich, rooy, and " to tho niannor born," whioh, with a command of faco that would bother a priest, ho is tho personification of " A rattling, roaring, Irtsti Mode, 01 (lovll a thing ho's ever afraid ; Ho's a giiitleman born, nnd scorns n trade, And would be a rich man If his debts were pntd." .The presB of English and othor matter ' compol us to bo thus briof in our notice, notwithstanding tho claims of Mr. Wilton and others' of tho company, who do- sorvo honorablo mention. Tub Tuuth and Nothino dut TitBTnDTH. — With regard to. tho arrest of tbo man Beanies, about which thoro has boon somo littlo discussion, tho following, wo oan vouoh for, are tho facts. Mr. Eearson of tho Commercial hotel, happened wliilo passing nlong tlio bank of tho river at 10 o'clook on Friday morning, to "seo a man lying asloop under tho sido of tho atham- ptint (poor punt, to what bnso usos is it put). Ho immediately mado tho remark, " that looks pro- oioiiBly liko tho follow I am after," ho accordingly, walked! up to him, and touched him on tho shoulder, saying, 11 this is a quoor plnoo to sloop in, you'll havo your brains scorohod out." Boainos directly sat up mid. eaid, " its no ueo donying it, I did it ; I can't holp :it-.":' Mr. foarson immediately, wont to tho poiico- station, and dotoctivo Dyer startod off and arrested cho follow ad ho tvaB stopping into tlio ferry boat. Kbrobbnb Aa ain,- — On Saturday cvoning wo wore alarmed by tho continual ringing of tlio firo boll, nnd wo fenred, at ono timo, that a largo firo wns raging, but upon proocoding to tho spot, wo found that a korosono lamp had boon overturned in a l ouao belong ing to Mr. Ogilvio, in Alma-atreot. A large number of ready helpers woro dirootly upon tho ground, and wator freoly supplied. Fortunately little damago was done, a fow bed- clothcs only boing consumed, und tho firo was out boforo tho arrival of the engine. Again, we say, why do not peoplo who use korosono oil put a handful of salt into tho tin ? Northern Oieodit Court. — Boforo his Honor Sir Jamos Oooklo, Monday, March 27. — Criminal Sittings : John Boyd, committed by (tho Townsvillo Bench, clinrgod with an unnatural offonco ; Win, B.iloy, aho from Townsvillo, on a similnr oliargo ; John Dow, from Olormont Bonoh, on a similar chargo ; " Dootor Daw son," an aboriual, , for rapo ; Goorgo, an aboriginal, similar oliargo ; Nicholas Fonwiok, murder (shooting blaokfollow at Emu l'ark) ; Oatlicrino Bogg, for mur der. . On bail, Ah Lit for larcony, — Civil Sittings : Dearing v. Wintor, illegal oxcoution. Hospital. — Roturns for tho wook ending Friday, Maroh 24th : — Admitted during wook, 2 fomnlcs ; dis charged I rnulo ; remaining 23 malos and 5 females. EnaATUM.— In tbo lottor from our Gladstone ' Correspondent whioh wo published in Saturday's ismoj for" £155C, worlli of gold from 50 tons of qunrli,' road" ' 250 tans." i The Immiobation 'Vessbl — Tho Gtttenbergh whioli ariivod in Hoppol Hay at 4 o'clook on Friday afternoon, wso visited by tlio Immigration Agant, W. II. Wiseman, Esq., l'.M., tho health officer, Dr. Sal mond, and tlio Gorman sub-Agonl, A. Fooz, Esq., on Saturday ovoning. On hor way down tksa Mont called at Lako e Crook und landod tlio nJK®ioir vifioii oamo up to Ilockhanipton by tho QucMsuafffom tho Star Queen. Tho Buy was l-oiioliod at about 8 o'clook ' and tho Health Officer immediately boarded tho vessel, aud found tho immigrants in u porfoetly healthy Btolo. Whon ho lmd granted pratique Moisrs. Wiseman a: d' Focz wont on board and guvc instructions to linvo tlio pnssongors mustered on tlio following morning nt 8 o'clook. Captain Braron welcomed most hoarliiy ifia visitors, and entertained them in tlio handsomest mnmior. Ho stated Unit his vessel lmd mado a re markably last trip, being' 92 dnys from Hamburgh ; tho woathcr was goncrally fair, although now and then a storm'wna encountered. It appears that, although Captain Braron has ncvor visilod Queensland before, ho has hud much experienoo ns a ooinmiindor of immi- grant'sliips, nnd was specially selected by Mr. Kirsch. nor;, tlio Gorman agont, for this occasion. That Mr. Eirschner mado a judicious choiro ovon Is havo proved, as tho immigrants not only oxprossotl tliemsclvos as thoroughly Bntisfiod with tho treatment and attontion thoy received, but prcsontod thoir captain with a most flattering testimonial, 'l'lio surgeon suporintondont, Dr." Strehz, wo understand, iutonds . to tako up Iiis abode in Rockbnmpton, and from what wo can loam ho will bo a groat acquisition to tlio town, not only an account of his skill as a goneral modionl praotitionor, bat also on account of his having studied partioularly disoaBos of tho oyo. Ho was proeontod with two-sli- moninls by tlio immigrants, ono from tho ranrriind tho other from the Binglo mon, thanking him warmly for tbo oxtiomo caro and attontion ho hnd bn- slowod upon them all during tho voyage. Wo wore informed that G deaths took plaoo on board ;,, ; 4 adults and 2 children ; tho formor whon thoy camo ' on board woro suffering from consumption, nnd em- burked in tlio hopo thnt chnngo of- air might restore thorn. Thore woro 4 births, thus loaving a doficioncy of two botweon port and port. During tho oourso of tlio ovening tho immigrants produced thoir various musical instruments, mid sang and dancod with tlio utmost onthusiasm till noarly daylight. At 8 o'clook on Sunduy morning tho Marg wont alongside, when llioj, mustering commenced, and tlio immigrants woro rigidly quostioncd by Mr. Wiaoman ns to whothor thoy had any complaints to mako — but wo nobd hardly add alter wlmt wo havo already said, that there wns a markod expression of gonoral satisfaction. Ono complaint of a most frivolous nature wn9 mado by a' disrntod con- stablo. Tlio immigrants consisted of 43 morriod men and women ; 120 singlo men, 14 singlo girls, (ton of whom nro wo understand aro under engngemonts to bo married), and 36 children, in all 220. Thoy aro chiofiy Danes, lfolstoinors, and Germans. Tho mon aro many of them remarkably fine looking follows, strong and hardy, in fact just tlio stylo of immigrants wo need for our agricultural districts. Tho fow singio girls from thoir nppearauco will no doubt mako good ser vants, nnd wo nro cert; in will readily moot with on- gagemonts, several bavins already boon bespoken. Tho groator portion ' of tho men aro farm laborers and domestic servants, but thoro is n fow trades men, such as; shoomakcrs, tinsmiths, tailors, curpontcrs, briokmakcrs, wutolimakors, saddlors, black smiths, coopers, whcolwrights, masons and compositors, but not more tliau ono or two of cauli. Tboro aro also twovincgrbwor's. Tlio examination oftho immigrants was finished by half-past 9, after whioh' Messrs.- Wiseman Salmond and Fucz mado a comploto tour of tho vessel und oxaminod ovorything thoroughly ; thoy found tho vessel was a vory lino ono and roomy botwoon decks, but, inferior in acoomodation fto tho regular Blackball traders. At 10 o'clock tlio Mary startod for Rock- liampton, whoro sho nrrivod at hull-past 3 o'clock ; oil thoir way tlio immigrants wero singing. their -National songs, and whon off tlio Government Wharf thoy. ohauutod -in a vory effectual manner tbo 'rt"k' 1 tko Rhino " and tho Danish national liymilyrMvg' number of pcopla woro on tho bank of tho river ivhcu tho vessel curnc to anchor, and all- tho ncocsBury landing arrangements, (which wero admirable, and mado by tlio spocial direction of tlio Poliea Magis trate) wore ; completed: iu less than half au hour and tho immigrants wero shortly aftorwards housed in tho Dopdt. Wo havo to thank Mr. Wiseman for Iiis courtesy in offoring every fucility to our reporter who went down and returned by tlio " Mary " in order to obtain uuthontio information. Tendkbs. — In referonco to a loiter. published in our last issuo'signed '" J. E. Burstall," wo have — in reply to his iissortion— to answer that " We do not endorso tlio notion tukon. by tho Council ill accepting Mr. Eoarnoy's tondor for tho Causeway at tho Yuppou Yoppen lagoon," noithor do wo think tho ratopayors will relish much more than wo do a decision arrived at without any aufliciont ronBon, and contrary to all pro- oedoiit. Of dourBO wo don't protend to know wlmt takes piaco behind tho 'Municipal curtain, we merely regard tho acting that is going on before it, and wo havo to criticise results riithor'than to divo intocausos. Tho subject boloro us is not a ploasant ono to grapplo; wo have no dosiro to find fault with, nor cavil at, tlio motions of tlio'so who gratuitously fill not vory ploasant positions and who wo thoroughly believo mean woll, and would — if thoy oould — do .well. On Thursday last tlio Council mot to consider what stops. woro most advis able to be taken with regard to tho tenders sont in for tlio oroction of a cnusoway ; that of Messrs. Corbelt and MeKcaguo's, which hud beon ncoeptod by tho Cor poration having boon withdrawn from tho non-ability of the tenderers to - provide satisfactory sureties. Tbo tenders boforo tho Council on that day wore tlioao of J. E. Burstall, £1709, sureties — Messrs. Brodnitz andSeonian; W. Koornoy, £1867, sureties — Mossrs. Focz and T. M. 1'atorson, and- T. Shudall, £2139, sureties — Messrs. Nureonibo and Murphy. After a short discussion Mr. Eoarnoy's tender was accoptod, bocauso he had porformed work previously for tho Corporation, and porformed it woll; Mr. Burstall's tondor — although tho lowest— boing rejected. Ad- ' mitting that Mr. Eoarnoy's work lias bean done woll, and that ho merits tho oonfidonco of tho Corporation, still ivo cannot sco why an ostablishod.rulo Bliould bo departed from on thataooount. Tholowost tondor has invariably beon accopted. by tho Govorhmont and by tbo . Municipal authorities, whon tho sureties woro known to be responsible mon j and wby a custom — . which hns grown into a law — Bliould havo boon brokon iu tho instance boforo us, we aro nt a loss to undor- stand. When ' tho original tondors woro boforo tho Council, that of Mossrs. Corbott and MoEcague was accoptod without hesitation, simply because it was the lowest, no attention being paid at all to the sureties, and the withdrawal of tlio tender aroso ontiroly. from objections tnkon aftorwards ; objections whioh wo hold Mossrs. Corbott and McEoaguo had no occasion, ns thoir tondor had boen accepted, without protost from any aldermanate rccogniso at alt. Now, if tho lowest tender wns accopted on Thursday wook with doubtful surotios, why wns tho lowo9t tondor rofusod on Tliurs-. day last, whan tho surotios were tho most responsible tho town could produco P We wnit an answer to this ' quostion P Wo hold that tho Council had no right to doubt the ability of Mr. Burstall to oomploto tlio oon- tract in a satisfactory ruauner so long, wo repeat, as his sureties were good ; they did not doubt those of Corbott ai d MoEcnguo, therefore why, we ask, did thoy travel out of tho old road, and overthrow at onco an ostablishod prineiplo ? What oonfidonco will contractors havo for the future in tbo good faith of the Council, tho mombors of whioh appear to havo lost sight of ailogotlior of tho fact that thoy wero dealing with tho monoy of tho ratopayors P Tho system of ac- oopting tho lowost tender has generally worked well ; why inaugurate anothor, whioli must if insisted upon, ond in a wastoful oxpondituro P If tho courso ndopL on Thursday bo pursuod, (nnd as a long cstablishW oustom has boon brokon through, we havo a right to prosumo that it will be), we'shnll vory soon havo but ono tenderer in tho town. Will Mr. Burstall, Mr. Shudall, or othor contractors tako tho trouble to mako thoir calculations and respond to calls for Municipal tondora, whon thoy ontortain a doubt and a just ono as to whothor thoy will bo dealt with cquitntjkjVi Mr. . Rurstall lina overy onus > to oxolnim against 'IflMooi- sion arrivod at, and every reason to ask tho ratSjinyers to ondorso his protest, while Messrs. Brodnitz and Scanlan, botli mon of mark, whoso namoa— as Mr. Nobbs obsorvod— if attached to a bond woutd bo rc coivod in any part of QuoonsUnd as oqual to bash, coil not fool highly oomplimontod. Wo unhositatingly say that tlio lino of policy pursuod by tho Council will bo tho moans of provonting any rospootnblo citi- zon from coming forward ' in tho future as bondsmon for contractors for publio works. Tho refusal to ao- copt Mr. Shudall'e tondor was tho oommonccmont of a scrios of blundors, whioh will ultimate in much con fusion and vory much trouble and oxpouso, 