VST ANTED immediately, at Mrs Howe's Offibe, . " JV Working Housekeeper, aud Boy to Work m ' ®onera' Servnuts for Private Families and Hot«A< Housemaids, Ploughmen, etc.,; for Cenebrook, Sandhurst, Newstead, Maldon, Tara- daie, etc. REWARD,— Loat, One Chestnut Horse, o£>J- branded M neavshoulder, bald face. Apply Ben Pack, Butcher, Yapvm. 34fbl3 (BOUND, between MucUlbUrd and Castlemaiue/ JL a Soarf Shawl . The ownecan have the same by giving descriptions and paying-expenses! Apply Mrs Kowe's Registry Office, Barker Street. . . -T«Jbl6' J TOR SALE, 50 HHDS. COLONIAL WxE. . Otto Jung, Chinaman's Creek, near Castdu maine. 631 fb 13 " T O LE'T, r SHOP IN BARKbU STREET, lately occupied " by H.'Bamford, Draper. Apply to J. M. CORBET, . ,126, to. . Produce Merchant, Market Square. BOARD and RESIDENCE ; . also, PARTIAL BOARD, on Moderate Terms, at the late residence of Dr M'Niooll, Templeton Street East. Mrs G. Evans. ' fjPHIS - -DAY — Try the Great - Experimental . -1-. i Prices I — Removing to other prerfaises at.an early fdate.—W. B. WEST, Barker Strdet,1 Castle maine. ' PRIME IAMB 1 PRIME . LAMB I :J- ---To be-obtained' -v-:."; THIS jy Alt u- js; >,: '.AtA- V' >-'/: / v/ &.; : ; butcher, ! - ' \- ' .- Mostyn' Street. ' : To Sbhis--.ect'ors-he:-'Oastle- ma'ihe District. jr\ ENTLEM&N;— ' : : .V ' , -\dJFf - Having been ' ihfoVmcd that a "rumour has-hee'mciroulatedtd; the 'effect that I am :h'ot -about' to; offer -myself as' a Candidate rfor'Re» 'electionfT -'take the opportunity to' assure you 'oiice 'and-ifor ail, :that: it 'is' 'my intention to again 'ask your suffrages. 777 to R L. M. KITTO. TO THE 'ELECTORS OF THE CASTLE- ' MAINE 'DISTRICT, f 1 ENTLEMEN,— \JT ' " Notice having been given tbat Write will be issued for tho Election of Threo Members for Casclemame. to serve in the Legisla tive ; Assembly, _I liave .tbe honour to inform you that-I am a- Candidate! ; ' , ' Accopt. my .sincere. ithanks for : your generous support' 'at the' two last/' General /Elections, and permit mo to solicit a 'repetition of it at .the forth-. It will bo my agreeable, dutyto.plnceihy political viewa before the Electors iii tbo prinoipal centrea of population throughout the 'district, commencing at Coailoraaine, on Monday, the 27 tli 'February. - 'j / ' I have the honour to'be, 'Gentlemen,' ' I ' ' Your faithful servant, 27 to . ' ':--V J. FARRELL.; TO THE ELECTORS OP THE DISTRICT ' i OP ' CASTLEMlHTE. - I; 'BEG to : announoemyself ' n-'Oandidate'for one , pf'th'oaeats noty shortly to become .-vacant by /tho , impending' dissolution of '. the Legiaiati ve As- ! sembly. .... - \- ; Ca8tiemaine, -20th Jan.r,187L ' ! ' 866. teal To ' tlie Electors pf Gastiemaine. ; , R. H. SHAKESPEAR . Begs to.announce himself.as a , -Vi -:i thefforthcomiug Election/' J ' ' ; 927Tb ITal -/'.A ;Vy/--,V: y.;"' ; TO THE 'ELECTORS OP;!THE CASTLE- ; ( ,.:VMAiNEMSTyEbbT.V : n I MR HEN'RY STlr. ! KENTISH : ''RcspeotfuljyiSplio'itir' - i your v.oai;. .'4/n d >' interest ' : .-At the 'Ensuiug 'Election;- ; "Oaatleihaine; '9th January,' 1871. '807 tc al; ' To the Electors of 'Castlemaine; j ENTtiEklEN,- — I have jtho -honour ,to state ' VjH " that I shall be d'Oaudidate for your suffrages at the coming General Election. lam,Geritlomen,very obediently youra,' ' ' " Ttrriwr'a e ou/r-dt ttvt«. Doveton Stfeet. Oastlomamo, ISth Jan., 1871. 859 td TO " THE ELECTORS OF THE CASTLE MAINE DISTRICT. iaivi-A y,.'"";;'. i: /iENTLEMEN,— do myself the honour of in-: vX , . forming. you that I am a Caudidate for your! suffrages. at-tbe- ensiuug Genoral lEleotioa. ...... | O-. IB- BERRY- Taradalo, January ilfltb; 1871;'':;!- " ' MINING- (BOARD : ELECTION. - \ To the Holders of Miners' Ilights"(Consolidated! or. otherwise), and 'Business Licenses. ' /-ENTLEMEN; — I am a Candidate. forla-soat in' VX,' theMiuing Board for. Castlemaine Division, I under .tile -Mining Statute. 1865. '' '' I have the honour to be, yours, : . . ; THOMAS MORRIS.' : ' Petantaiytho AtB.871..7.;'" !. i 928 to - TO THE .ELECTORS OF THE OASTLE . ; MAINE DIVISION. : . . ' . . '®EOTLEMENi'T\teg>tb'ihf6rih;yo'u;thStl.cm <V3T -'a' Oahdi'dateTof-ybp Ilivisibh at -'the" forth- oomiog Eleotion, and,';fesebtfully . solicit .ypur support. . -'".-.'.V.""': V ; ' '"'1, f'l-'amJ-Gbntlemen , . Your 'bbedib'iit , servant, " 'BENJN. 8PARGO. February 3rd, 187L;; W ' 937 fb.IO MINING. BOARD -ELECTION. TO THE ELEOTORL ' 0 F 'T HE , "FRYE R S . .'DIVISION OF THE. -CASTLEMAINE MIN ING DISTRICT, y ; ; ENTIiE M EN, --I beg to inform you' that I am VX ' a' Candidata for your Division at tbo forth coming Eleotion, and rospeotfully solioit your support.— I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, '430 td WM. 'LEE FERRIER. TO, -THE ELECTORS OF THE .FRYER'S CREEK DIVISION OF THE CA8ILE- : MAINE MINING BOARD. ENTLEMEN, — Irespootfully intimate 'that I UT am a. Candidate for Re-Bleotion; : 948 to E. LANCASTER. CASTLE MAINE ' MINING ' BOARD . -ELECTION. TO TBE ELECTORS OF FRYER'S OREEIC DIVISION. GENTLEMEN,— As a Candidate at the ensuing Eleotion, I beg respeotfully to solioit your iquppofte v. - j . "... ; W. R. MASON . fb 25 Yaughan; " To the Electors of the Castle maine District. T ADIE8 AND GENTLEMEN,— , i JU I 'havo the bbhour' to announce myself a Condidato for tbo re'prosontation of your'- djstriofc in the Legislative Assembly. Upon a former occasion you elected me at the head of tho poll, and I continued your representa- tivo until Parliament was dissolved. , ' ' ; . During that time I .laboured' unceasingly in.enp« port of an Aot for tbo construotioh. , of the Coliban Water Works, and 1 shared your pleasure when tliat Act received tbo sanction of theJLegialatnre.' I warmly supported and assisted in carrying the reduotiou oi the postage on letters. I voted for .thu Amended Land Act, aud gave likewise a "beral support, to tbo late M'Cullooh Government. ' A« to my retirement from Parliament, and the courslKI took respecting the Chowton Railway Station, Ix-omo before you for judgment. i Bad I not-tko utmost confidence tbat my expla nation wlioiiveu would Batisfy you, I should de cline to agaiu sollevt your suffrages. I am a Protectionist from conviotion. You may rest assuNjl will do all in my power to foster and enconrago cbkmial industry j to find suitablo employment for tboSimng generation, and work for tho induetrious man. \am willing,-' how- evor, to modify tho tariff, where lestrictions can be shown to be vexatious to trado ohdadveree to .public interest. rv- I am strongly opposed to tho wholesale lehvmg of .large auriferous reserves for speculative purpbss, and will vote for the cancellation of .all leases helCk by mining adventurers when not worked as implied by the Act. i. I recognise in the individual digger, — tbo pioneer or golu discovery,— to whom every encouragement should <be given ae against monopolists who hold large tr'actB of country on the chance of something tnrniag up, to. the detriment of both the minor and the district. " I will assist in the establishment of a School of Mines,' and tho development of all mining enter prise, . . l am iii favour of an Absentee Tax, to obnstrain those/whom the colony dins enriched to bear their fair share of tho general burden. J 1 will support the introduction of an Aot to com pel wealthy individuals ?(many of whom give no thing) to contribute to those public charities, dedi cated to tile relief of the aged poor, the sick, the 'maimed, aud distrreecd. \- I will strenuously urge tho completion of the Coliban.Water Works. This 'scheme, though much mismaaaged, may, under efficient eupervisioD, be come a great boon to the district. - j . - I am oppoetd to taxes on knowledge, and will vote for the reduction aud gradual abolition of the postage on- newspapers. i I am in favour of railway extension based on economy, and dceigucd in accordance with recent discoveries in scientific construction. A large national debt is being. created,- in which thedigger has little direct interest, it therefore behoves hie representatives to narrowly, watch' further expen diture. ' ' . : .- ' lam in favour'of compulsory seoular education uuu-aiiiut; Buuiu tiiuu win givu i>u« uwrgy luu rnuhit amplo opportunities of attending to the religious ih- strnctiou of our schools. No one appreciates more fully than my sell the inestimable value of the. un selfish labours of our ministers of .religion. ; ; . : I will 'support the establishment of Local-Insol vency Courts' . I am in favour of the Federation of the Aus- tralian Colonies. I am in favour of subsidies being voted by Parr liameat to -prosecute the search for coal. I regard Re discovery as an object of - vital interest to the colony. - . - ; , . I will support such changes in the Laud Act in favour of ,f red selectors as experience directs and pnbiio policy demands, recognising at all times the paramount object ' of past legislation, viz., . the settlement of :tho people on the. lands'. .. . In conclusion (and until I address you), I beg to state Twill given liberal consistent support to tbe M'Culioch Government, and will at all timeB sub- prdioate. my private views to my publio .duty /. my earnest strenuous endeavours likewise shall be— to assist ie all useful legislation, to advance the int tcrests of the colony, to develope the resources of the district I am intimately allied with /—and ever to prove myself, . .. Ladies and . Gentlemen,'-. . r," Yonr faithful servant,- -: \- VV, A. ZEAL. . . Castlemaine, 18th Jan., 1871. : To the Electors of the Castle- ; ; maine District. ENTLEMEN, B VX j-'' :':Asono of tho oldest Liberal membors of tho Yictorian Parliament, as the first, upboidor of the Protection cause, and as the.seconder" of tbo motion for vote by ballot, which led to uni-- versal suffrage, it is my duty as woll ao privilege'to. respond to tbe invitations of hiy fellow electore, and; oome forward-as a local Liberal Candidate for Cas-' tlemaino. T . a X. -t <1-- Jt l-i j 1... it Ti ' iu vau KreuD iubu ui vuuuiuaioa cuuaou oy xa y- mont of Mombere," tho services of old politicians are apt to be forgotten ; pardon me, therefore, if I remind yon of the sturdy fight for Mining Reform waged so heartily by Messrs Grant/ Lalor, and myself, at tbo; time of the Eureka riots, and that my committee.and; report first introduced 'Protection ' to publio notice,! and also that my committee on livo stock importation, resulted in the formation of tho Acclimatisation ' Society! " ' ; Daring the whole of my Parliamentary career I; earnestly worked for the great measures, whose, sue- j cess has been the dbjcot of my life— Proteotion, ; Education; and'LiheralRoform. j In time past I have suffered odium from tho Pi-ssb j because I held my duty to my country higher than | my duty to ono man, because indeed I opposed ; MfCullochisiri, , " " The time lias come, when ; all I prophesied stands ! true!' -Mr M'Gulloch, now 'Sir' James,' owns ho' hills had' onough of Protoction. Shall, I go still fur- i tbor," and say tliiit ho openly repudiates those col-; leagues, who, believing implicitly in liirn, denounced, in no measured terms, those honost Protectionists who really tried'to obtain that 'Protection to niitive'indus- try' which to sp'many has proved a'profl table ' election cry.'. .Gentlemen, to me at least, it was more than an eleotion ery, and all unfashionable as it may ap pear, I -honestly tell you I am still a thorough Pro; tectiohist; and, if elocted, iuean to-work unceasingly for a truo, 'discriminating 'Protection, I am opposed to State . Aid Pauper Immigration, and cannot see now, as I no.ver could see, the use of an AgentiGoneral. . .' I advocatea national .system ofSeonldr Education. I nth in favour of are-construction ofthoElcctorates on an eguitnblo basis. 7 I om in favour of.a lino of railway 'to connect the ricli "Westorii' districts with Oastlomdino/ and give work.to those who at present ure seeking it in Vain'.'-" : I;am.an advocate of an offieiont system of VTater supply, as a paramount want of the: district. I am ill favour of real mining reform,; tho miners right' should be abolished, 'mining lease rout reduced, &o.;, and that a lien bill be carried to pro tect workmen by a -preferential elaira' up to ono months' wages. I would tax absentees) and if no other member brings tho subjeot forward, I will do so. . The Yolunteors had certain privileges promised them, wbioli strangely oiiough liavo passed into abey- anco. It cost us some years of fighting to obtai tho concessions originally granted, wo uovcr meant these should fall into disuse ; and if clcotod I will demand redress for the injuries sustained by o body of men whoaro at present suffering undeserved negloot. . I would insist on a thorough cleansing of tho Land Offlco.a complcto revision of tbo modb of ad- ministering tho Land Law, and tho utter abolition of tho systom of ' proper reprosoutntioue. ' I consider moinbors of Parliamout should never degrado thorn- solves to act as agents for particular olients, but hold tlioir oflloo in trust for all. Proposing to thoroughly visit tho distriot, I will say no moro oxcept to ropoat that I stand for elec tion as a local Liberal Candidate, dotormiuod to stiok to my old colors — Proteotion, Education, and Liberal. Reform, and the best guarantoo I cn'u offer is tlio 'simple fact that througli my wliolo. political career, T novei-ilost Bight of theso grand measures, was novor' led away by any temporary political cry, liowever popular it might be, but through good report and ovil report, through changing times, men and soasons, i havo proforrcd standing by sound liouo9t measures stb following blindly unstablo fallible men. , I am Gentlonion, . 1:1 Obodiontly Youvs, . \- THOMAS EMULING. " Doyoton-stteet, Castlemnino. W.E.Kichards/s Advertisements TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14th, 187', i - .- ' : At 11 o'clock, .V On the, Farm, adjoining Mr Sutbcrlancl's Biscuit " ' Fadtory, and on the premises of Mr Alex. ; M'Phee, near Newstead. . W. E. RICHARDS, BY instructions from Mr Alex. M'Phee, in cbn- /' sequenco of that gentleman relinquishing; Farming, will sell by anction, Febraary 14th /on the Farm, tbo whole of his Earning Stock, Implements, 7 etc., comprising- Eight firat-dlass etannoh draught horses About ten cows in full milk . , " One 4-horso waggon in thorough repair ' Two farm drays One ', 3-knive horse-power ohaff-ontter, by Buncie One set Avery's eoalca, one corn-crushor, both ' new Colman's scarifier, ploughs, harrows, and; a large quantity of sundries cpnnected with the farm. Note.— In consequence of Mr M'Phee having determined to' give up farming, everything will be sola to the highest bidder. The horses are of a superior, oloes ; the implements in good order, and by the boat makers. Terms at Sale. Luncheon Provided. >W4 Y7. E.' RICHARDS, Auctioneer.: - X Castlemaine fining Board. CASTLEMAINE , DIVISION. THE undermentioned Candidatee"v have been : duly Nominated : — : ; JOSEPH WHITE LOVEIL, - " x : , . THOMAS MORRIS, \ X BENJAMIN SPARGO, : . And tho Poll will.be taken on . Saturday, the 25th : day of February instant, at the following places :— POLICE CODRT," Ly ttieton 'Street," Castlemaine. CAMPBELL'S CREEK, BARKER'S CREEffi i CHEVVION, . commencing at 9 a.m., and closing at 5-p.m. - T, D. S. HERON, ; ' \- Warden, Returning Officer. | Castlemaiue, 10th February, 1871- - fb25al j uasbiemfctine ivxinrng isoaru. ; FRYER'S CREEK DIVISION. THE undermentioned Candidates ' have been duly Nominated ; — ' n WILLIAM; LEE FERRIER, 'SAMUEL HILL IIAZLETT, " ' EDWARD LANCASTER, WILLIAM RUTHERFORD. MASON, i WILLIAM HOPKINS WILSON, And the Poll will be taken on Saturday, tho 25th day of February instant, at tbe following places : — FRYERSTOWN, Police Court. . KANGAROO, : vaughan, guildford, Commencing at 9 a.m., and closing at 5 p.m.: T. D. S. HERON, Warden, Returning Officer. : Cestlemaine, lOlh Febraary, 1371. fb25 al ; T E N I> E B. S - WANTED, separately or otherwise, for Taking Down, Removing, and Re-Erecting Ma-; chincry, lately belonging . to tbe Forest Creek Company, .Chewton,: for the Grand Trunk Com pany (Registered), Bendigo.. Plans and specifica-! tions at the Company's Office, Beehive Chambers. - 35 fb 14 CHARLES SNOW, Manager. r|?IHE . DEVONSHIRE QUARTZ MINING i. COMPANY (Registered), TARADALE, . . Tenders are invited by tbe above Company for plans and price for the erection, on the olaim, of a Tailinjgs Pump ; also for altering ot h. Bojler Door and Fire Bare. Tenders will bo opened on Thurs" day, the 16th instant, at 12 noon, at: tbo Office of tbe Company. E. COMBER, fb 13 . Manager pro tem. German and Danish Services, TO-MORROW, at the MECHANICS' INSTI- JL TUTE, German Service in the Morning, and Danish in the Afternoon, by Rev. P. G. Jacobson. 44 ib 11 CASTLEMAINE BOROUGH. TVT OTIOB.— AH persons keeping Unregistered JTM Dogs will be Summoned. By order of the Council, . r. . - -- JOSEPH DAVIS, 43fb l3 Town Clerk. Camphell's Creek Road Board. NOTICE To ALL DEFAULTERS. ALL Baok Rates not paid by Monday, 20th Febraary, .1871, will be recovered by law. The attention of those in" arrears is particularly recpmmended.tp this, notice, as Summonses will at once issue in every instance, and no excuse what ever after that date will bo received from any de» fanlter, but the payment of rates and costs will be strictly enforced, this notice being final. The Oierk attends daily from 10 to 12, at tho Office/; - . ; By order 'of tho Board, H. LONDON, : < 29 fb 14 ' District Clerk. . Newsteadshire Council. . ; ' "":r .tend e r s ; YTtTILL be received from those willing to Collect . ,t Y; : the Annual - Agricultural Statistics of tbe Shire such statistics to . bo .completed; by March 31at. '. Tenders, receivable up to half-past , seven, '< on Monday, 13tli insb, addreered to the President, -at Mr Treeoy's, Crown Hotel, Newstead. 16 ibilal . ; v Newsteadshire : Council, v Notice to Rate Defaulters. NOTICE is hereby, given, that all persona who may . riot have paid' their Rates on or before ' Maroh 6th ..proximo, proceedings will be taken /against them for the recovery : thereof. By order, J. C. HOUSE, -17'tu S'td"-- ;. " Shiro Seorobaty. Shire of Maldon. t e n d e r's " ADDRESSED to tho President; will bo rocoivod , uutil 12 q'olook noon, on Friday,. 17th inat., -for Repairs of , tho, ltoad from Davie' Corner at Muckleford, past Home's to :tha / Castlomaino Boundary. Plans arid specifications at the Shire Hall. . .. . . JOHN B. JONES," Secretary. Shiro Hall, 6th February, 1871. : 21 fb 13 al . : W. Adams's AdyertteeniGiits MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13xh At 11, o'clock sharp. W. ADAMS BY -instruotions from Mr A, Kennedy ,- who is leaving the district, will sell, on the pro. mises, at the Junction Hotel,' near Newstead, Household Furniture, Kitchen and Dairy Uten- sils,.; Stock, eto, Bar— 1 '3-pull beer engine and pipes, 1 8-day clock, glassware and stock., Bar Parlour-L largo square table, 6: oane-seat chairs, lot of' engravings, book shelves, 2 table' lamps, fender and irons, carpet, ornaments, eto. Dining. Room— 1 sofa, dining table, 2 long forms, 1 olock, lot of engravings, eto. Sitting-Room— 1 -loo table arid cover 6 . wood:seat chairs, sofas, window blinds and curfains, oiirpet, eto. Billiard-Rooin— 1 billiard bagatelle table,- cues, balls, and marking board. No, 1 Bedroom— 3 iron . bedsteads ' and mattrasses -hair, beds, stand, and ware, toilet table) arid chairs. No 2 Bedroom — 2 bedsteads and beds, toilet ta le ntand and ware. No. 3 Bedroom — 1 double beds ead, palliasses, atarid and Bervice, toilet table and glass, carpet, eto, - No, 4 Bedroom— 1 double bedstead, bed and bedding, I chest drawers, atand arid ware, toilet tablo and glass, ohaira, carpet; towel-horse, eto. Kitchen — 1 meat safe, oupboard, tables, chairs, dressers, .large fountain, boilers, pots, delf, oven, milk pans, eto. Yard— 2 sow pigs, Berkshire breed, 1 spring cart, 1 dray, barrow, picks, shovel, lot of rinoite, carpenter's tools, harness, saddles, lot of poultiy, 2 plough and - Bpring-oart horses,' - 1 revolving rifle, by Dean and Adams, 300yds, with case com. plete ; Btreet lamp, water, trough, .etc. 0b3ebve.— Each lot will bo eold.to thp higheat bidder. Lunoh provided.' . Hd7 f h 1 3 nl ' W A HAMS' AnAfinnriA : MONDAY,. FEBRUARY 13th, > //': At 11 o'clock. ' ' W. Ap A M S, : BY instructions from E. Leviny Esq., will sell, on the premises, . ' .'.-J'.' . The Junction Hotel and Land . 'Connected therewith, situated on' the Main Road . near Newstead. j - ObserVe. — The Hotel is a two»atory - brick building of 12 rooms, well situated/ being at the junction of two roads -leading to all the up-country diggings, and in tho centre of a large farming -population.: " ' , Terms at Sale. ' 945 fl> 13 al W. ADAMS, Auctioneer, vMOlTOAY, FEBRUARY !l3THiji:- rii ... -i . At II o'clock, , .. .liv W, A D A - ! EY instructions from .Mr Aogris Robs, 'who is ileaving the ' neighbourhood, will b'oII, at' the . Junotion Hotel, near Newstead, where the Cattle, etc., are reigoved for/convenience of eale, ... . 10 Cows' and Calves ' ' ' 2 Draught Horses " " ! '"J ' ' v 1 Plough, by Sellars . 1 Pair Harrows. ' - . . -i946.fb.13al AV. ADAMS, Auctioneer. \- TO LET, FROM OCTOBER 5th, 1870 ; THE TALBOT IIIN; ; ; Situated at the. Corner pf Hargreave and Berkdey Streets ' . . V, : 602 to Apply to W. ADAMS, Auctioneer, For. Sale, Harmoniums, & Pianos \- -- FIRST-CLASS. : 313 jl 2fi W. ADAMS. Auctioneer, ; GRAZING PADDOCKS. HORSES '.may be sent out to Messrs BAKER and ARCHIBOLD'S Well Watered Grazing Paddock, near Sutton Grange.Sehool, -Free of Ex- . pense, by leaving word at tbe Mount Alexander Hotel, Chewton. ' 891 ap 22 O. F. S. M. ASSOCIATION; | | NTIL Further Notice. — The Office hours of ; U the Medical ' Officer - (Dr iBone) will be- -as under — Mornings from 9 to 11 o'olook, and even- ings from half-past Six to halflpast Eight o'clock, ' ; By Order, "' ' ' - " - -' H. W. GREEN; 7' " 42 fb 16 Secretary.: O THE1 ELECTORS OF VICTORIA. Fellow Citizens,— In view of the appro'aahing general elections, we, tho Society, for the Promo tion of Morality," feel it our duty to nrge .upon yon these two points : — First, that men whose publio or privato. conduct is immoral are not fit to be your repre sentati vea in Parliament. 1 . ' Second, that the . opening of publichonseB during any/portion of tlio Lord's day, whioh/soriie/ in terested parties ' are endeavouring to effect, bright to be firmly resisted as injurious to the moral well being of the community, -! ' Hit rlironf.inn Af " f.Tin I 'rtmmif.too . C. MELBOURNE,, President. , 9th Febraary. : "49fbli ; TO BE DISPOSBD OF ; That Old Established Drapery and Grocery Store, ; SITUATED IN MAIN STREET, CHEWTON; Premises to bo Lot or Sold, separately or together. Stock at valuation. For further particulars, apply to the . under- : signed, 907 fb24 D. ROWAN, Chewton. C3-RB3RI<r H I Ij L '.,wiNTEp:.KiNbWNl Beef, Twopence per Pound. WANTED KNOWN, Cheap ButciierVMaat "WANTED KNOWN, Mutton, 2d. a pound WANTED KNOWN, Beef Snot, 4d a pound. WANTED KNOWN, Corned Beef, 2Jd per lb; - WANTED KNOWN, no Slaughtering takes place on the premises. WANTED KNOWN, that tho best Quality of Beef, Mutton, Lamb, Teal, Pork/ &o.;, is to be had at Q-REENHILL'Sj at the Lowest Price for Cash, , . ' G-, Q-REENHILL, Wholesale and Detail Butcher, Corner of HargreaVe and Mostyn Streets, Market Square. ' . ; 653tb" O -A. S JEI'. . ' CASH BUYS BETTER THAN CREDIT. 20s Saved are 20s Earhed. ; C. M, B. hega respectfully to inform his friends ; and the inhabitants of Castlemaine that : in consequence' of tho dull times ho has adopted the system of selling for cash only, : on doli very, and having very considerably reduced his business "ex penses he has been enabled to, lower the price of all ' goods from 16 to 20 per cent., arid solicits ouo trial to prove the truth of tho above, . Having just purchased a largo stock of New Season Teas, Groceries, EJa'ms, -Racon, ' Cheese, etc., :h'o wishes to draw tho attention of , HEADS OF FAMILIES To , tlio'.faot that he is determined to sell at prices - lower, than charged at any other house in tho town, _ ' FROM INVALIDS he solioits. a trial of his very fine Hunt's Old Tawny Port, just received, expressly kopt for them,' and strongly recommended (a sample bottle, 4s 6d): Parties . requiring Wines, Spirits, Ale or Porter/can choose from a well»assorted stock, and obtain tho Kamo at WHOLESALE PRICES, BY THE GALLON OR PER QUART, ' (sao prico list in window,) better and cheaper than at any other establishment in tho district. Note tho address -C. M. BEOKLEY, Corner Shop, opposite tho Treasury, Barker Street,. Castle- maine. " 976ap28- Pianofortes & Harm otiiuma TUNED' arid' thoroughly Repaired, Resilked and Poiahed by T. DALE, Barker Street, be- ' tween Dovlton and Borkoloy- Strodts. PUBLIC AND. GENERAL NOTICE, AND EXUELLENT INFORMATION. — Being determined to do a trade in the folloyvirig lines, prices will be out down to tho lowest ebb, viz. : — In Drapery, Clothing, Dross Stuffs, Shirts, Hats, Caps, Tarpaulins, Tents, Canvass, CalicoeB, Tilts, and an imrnense assortment of General Goods.— Country Storekeepers, fill up any Aoficitnoics in your stock— at " j' W B WBST'S, Barker Street, Castlemaiao/ 