THE NEWS OF THE HAT. Wo learn that the rules of practico for tho new Insolvency Act havo beenframod, and will bo ready for operation before tho day fixed, namely, 1st Fobruary, for com mencement of tho working of tho now measure. Jvcry petition for sequestration must bo accompanied by an affidavit of tho insolvent containing the following particu lars : — " Verifying tho statements in tho petition ; stating when tho petitioner first became unable to pay his debts in duo course as they becamo due, and tho cause of Bueh inability ; tho preciso immediato cause of his thon presenting his petition ; what books of account ho has kopb ; or, if he has kept none, what documents ho has, if any, and of what kind, which will show tho stato of his affairs." Service of a dobtor's-jaummons is provided for as follows: — "A debtor's summons shall bo served personally upon tho debtor ; but if it is proved to tho satis faction of tho court, by affidavit, that tho I debtor has left Victoria, or is keeping out ' of tho way to avoid service, tho court may ordcr that scrvico of an office copy of the summons, by delivering tho samo to some adult person nt tho usual or last known place of abodo or business of tho dobtor, or if such poraon will not rcceivo the same, or if thoro" bo no such person, by affixing Buch copy upon somo conspicuous place upon tho premises, shall bo dcomod cood service of such summons upon tho debtor." Tho regulations for trustees aro very bind ing ; a record book is to bo kept, and an estate hook, and tlicso aro to contain ovory item business dono in connection wiih tho cs ate, and aro to bo produced for the inspection of tho committeo, tho creditors, or their agents. Full schedules havo been promri-d to meet tho requirements of tho not. and will bo published with tho regulations. As tho regulations havo not undorgono rovision in somo of tho dotails, material alterations may yet bo rundo. Nothing further has been dono in tho case of Dr. Rohnor, deputy coroner for Chiltern. although tho wliolo of the papers have been laid boforo the SolioitCf-t'Cncral. It is understood that tho mattef, wilJ bo dealt with at tho first mooting of tho RxoOUtlvd Council held after the return to, town of his Excellency tho Govornor. Letters received from Lioutenat Pantcr do not givo hopo of a vory speedy voyage being mado by tho Cerberus. During her passage through tho Bay of Biscay, five knots an hour was tho moat ho could get out of tho ship. This is not to ho wondered at when tho imineneo amount of top hamper tho vessel carries is con sidered. At present sho has a free board fourteen feet in height, whilo in her ordinary rig tho free-board will ho only somo two feet. During the passage from Aden to GrJlo it is expected that tho Cerberus will havo to exporienoo somo rough weather, as tlio hurricane season will havo commenced buforo sho finishes that part of her voyage, and from Gallo to Victoria sho " will havo to contend most likoly against heavy monsoons and trades. Thoro i8, however, no cauBO of apprehension as to tho safety of tho Cerberus, but only ns to tho length of tho voyage sho may make. air. James inipps is spoken ot as a candi- date for Sandridgo. Mr. Godfrey announces himself as acandidato for North Melbourne. For ICilmoro thoro will bo no lack of candi dates. Mr. John Fynn, tho present mayor, has come forward, and Mr. Thomas do C. Moado has issued liis address to the ICilmore electors. Mr. James Uoilges also intimatos his intention of contest ing Larry's position. Mr. E. Langhorne is coming out for East Goelong. Mr. IV. B. ltodior has issued his address to the oloetors of Ballarat East. Mr. Cowan, of Ballarat, will not seek a seat at tho general olcction. Mr. J. F. Coleman intimates that ho is a candidato for North Gronvillo. It will bp seen by our Sydnoy tologrnra that tho hou. Goorgo Rolfe has nrrived in Now South Wales, and in all probability he will bo back to the colony boforo tho close of tho session. It is as yet . uncertain whether Mr. Itolfo will wish to ho a mem ber of tho now Assombly, but it is assorted that ho will, as heretofore, bo prominent in pressing forward and sustaining liboral prin ciples. Mr. Sabelborg, one of tho candidates for Evelyn, had a very successful mooting .-ft Anderson's Crook on Tuesday night. Tho mooting was convened in tho largo room of : tho Union Hotol, but from tho largo atten dance it had to bo adjourned to tho open air. Mr. Sabelborg addressed tho mooting at considerable length on tho principal topics of tho day, declaring himself in favor of a roally protective tariff, education purely secular, making, tho colony attractive to immigrants mBtead of paying them to como, giving the forty- second clauso scloctors power to transftr to . othor bona fido Bottlers tho enforcement of tho labor olauBos in mining losses, aud tho establish ment of a national bank. Mr. Wildborc camo forward and said that ho in every senso thoroughly approved of tho views ex pressed by Mr. Sabciberg, and folt convinced that nearly ovory person presont at . the meeting was of tlio same opinion. IIo there fore proposed that Mr. Sabelborg. was a fit and proper porson to represent the-' county in Parliament. This proposition was se- conded by Mr. Pretty, and no amendment having been proposed, the chairman put tho vote to the meeting and it was carried unanimously. Tho Victorian Liquor Law Alliance of Sandhurst havo rcsolvod to invito Messrr, Oeorgo Higinbotham, Valo, and Longmoro, to address a monster meeting in tho theatre on the principles of tlio alliance. " Tho hou. John O'ShanasBy was, at Bal larat," says tho Star, " during tho last two or three days on a visit to 0110 of his friends, and tho fact of his having chosen tho pre sent timo for his visit gave rise to rumors to tho effect that ho intended to stand for Ballarat East at tho ooming oloction. Wo arc informed that there is no truth in the rumors." Mr. W. H. Christian, ono of tho candi dates for Evelyn, addressed a well- attended meeting of electors at tho Fountain Hotel, Eltham, on Wednesday evening. Mr. W. F. Ford was voted to tho chair. In intro ducing Air. Christian, tho chairman said that as there was a largo numbor of candi dates to Bclect from, it was better to hear all and cliooso tho best man to represent them. Mr. Christian, who was received witli cheers, said that his first meetings wero called as near to his own neighborhood as possible, as ho thought that if ho was well received whore lie was well known, it would ba tho bost recommendation to those portions of tho district where ho was littlo known. Ho believed that tho mining and farming in terests wore tho most important in tha country, and should go hand in hand. The miners mado a markot for agricultural pro- dueo, and the farmers supplied tho food necessary for tho miners. He had been opposed to paymont of members, but as it was now law, it ought .to havo a fair trial. Possibly tho £300 por annum would enable a poor man to como forward and represent the constituencies as well or bettor than others who could afford to , do so without tho £300 per annum. Amongst other questions an elector asked if the can didate was a supporter of tho presont Ministry. Mr, Christian replied that ho would not pledgo himself to support any body of men, but judge them by their measures. The chairman, at the suggestion of Mr. Christian, declined a proffered vote of confidence until tho electors had had timo to considor his address, which had been sent by post to ovory elector in the district. Air. Christian would meet' the electors nunin immcdiatelv after the dissolu- tion of Parliament. For himself tho chairman said ho had not pledged himself to anyone, but ho could say of Mr. Christian that he was a thoroughly honest man, rospeoted by all who know him, and not liko somo of tho candidates seeking to obtain £300 a year at their hands, and ready to shape his opinions to suit theirs. A cheer for the Candida' o closed tho proceedings. "Wo understand that tha requisition we mentioned some fow days ago as being signed, asking Air. W. Peterson to contest Wost Alelbonrhe, has been nnmorously signed, and will bo presented at a very early period. The public meeting hold by the Victorian Industrial Protection League at Brunswick last night, was scarcely so successful as thoso previously hold in other places by the same body. Tho attendance was good, and tho usnal resolution declaring that the timo had arrived when " the imperfect incidental tariff of 18G5 Bhould be re-adjusted on a real protective basis," .jvas passod. Mr, Lobb, M.L.A., introduced, however), elpmont of discord into tho meeting, by an assertion that the representatives of the league present had attempted to dictate to tho people of Bruns wick who : they should vote for at the en suing general oloction, and that such an at tempt was unjustifiable. Consequently, on tho motion that tho meeting approve ot the principles of tho league being put, it was claimed by several that the show of hands was against it, though tho chairman de clared it carried. A local committeo was appointed to aot in conjunction with the central committee in Melbourne, in further ance of the object of tho league. Tho Hamilton people aro evidently in ear nest about the "pink " lino of railway. The Spectator of 18th January assorts that " tho duty of tho electors of Dundas is exceed ingly simple, and must be unflinchingly per formed. Let ns suppose, "says tho Specta tor, "for tho sake .of argument, that Sir James M'Culloch wishes us to re-elect his colleague, Air. Afacpherson. In such a ease, nothing would he easier than for the Premier to give a definite answer to the following question : — ' Is it the inten. EH lion of your Government to carry out m the pink lino of rail way _ in its entirety, H anlj to stand or fall it . Should IS tho answer bo in the affirmative, every one if .ouid be bound to voto for Mr. Macpherson. 8 Should it be in tho negative— Bhould the H eDiY be indefinite— or should an answer be I refused, oacli candidate would then stand 3 solely on his own merits, without refcrenco q to the railway queslien at all. Tho sooner I the electors convono a public meeting, and I submit that inquiry to Sir James M'Culloch, Sf the ncai jr sha/1 wo -bo towards ascertaining 3 our true position." 1 Justice to Mr. Coscrovo, tho City Trca- I 8Urnr requires it to be stated that ho did e| not issue the licence to Mr. Hcnclly in de- lianou of the protest of Mr. Evans, inasmuch M the protest was not mado in tho presence $jl 0f Mr Cosgrovo, whoso fault, if fault it be, si was— as wo inferred yesterday — an excess ' of anxiety to oblige persons coming to him h on corporation business. -4 It was announced that Mr. Bowen, ono of : the candidates for tho representation of Sandridgo in tho Legislative Assembly, 0 w0nld address tho ' electors of that consti- I tuenoy at tho Bay View Ilatol last evening, S in consequenco a number of burgesses asaomhled ai til? place named, but a letter H was received from Mr. Dowvii, unnouueing 3 his inability to attend in consequence of his S| being unwell. Tho Melbourno Regatta Committeo havo r decided to hold an amateur champion scull- I ing match shortly after tho regatta lias boon -S completed. The race is to bo for a £30 tronhv. ohen to tho amateurs of all tho colo- W nios, and to be rowed in clinker built out- jte riggers. Tho course will bo on tho Lower B? Yarra, the same as tho intercolonial Uni- p tb sity boat race. K'; Tho question of a mechanics' institute for P gandridgo has lately occupied a considerable 19 share of public,; attention in the borough, H and at tho meeting of tho local council last // evening a very warm discussion ensued upon j/j a clause of the public works committee's report, in which they stated "that thoy 5 could not recommend that any stops should "3 bo taken towards appropriating any money iyj from the borough funds for the purposes of I a mcuuumiuo lUOIIlVUUU councillors supported the clause on tho grounds that tho council was already deeply in debt, and could not at present afford any monoy for tho purpose proposed, more especi ally as a trial had boon formerly made to form a mechanics' instituto at the Bethel, and after a few weeks' trial, failed. Some councillors suggested that the town hall (or as ono of them termed it, tho "town barn") should be used by tho committee for a moclianics' in stitute, hut this was strongly objected to on the ground that the hall had been built for the specific purposo of holding public meot- ings, assemblies, and othor recreative pur poses, and could not therefore bo uBed for anything else. It was ultimately decided, upon the motion of Cr. -Tohu- s-i son, that tho surveyor should pro- '« paro ulnns and specifications for a me- nl ehamcs' instituto to bo erected on the >J- piece of land in Nott-streot granted by tho m Government for that purposo, tho cost not to oxcced £1000, one half of that sum to bo raised by public subscription, and tho rc- maindcr to be granted by the council. Cr. Johnson further added that if the building 1 was erected within two years ho would give i'S a donation of £20 to tho fund. i Tho lato ratc-colloctor for tho Water sup- u ply nepariment, nrcuenca oeepnons, came ?-j before tho City Court yesterday, on a charge of embezzling £G70, received by him on ac- count of tho Victorian Government. He s was remanded for seven days, in order that 4 tho necessary ovideneo might bo produced. a His solicitor, Mr. Faussct, applied that bail « might be allowed, and stated that though h Mr. Stephens had been suspended for five A days, lie had mado no effort to leave the d place. Yesterday morning ho went to the -j detective office in order to givo himsolf up, but finding none of tho dotootives there, > and no warrant having then been issued, ho !i left word that lie should bo at homo at sj eight o'clock : in tho evening, when they i might arrest him. The bonch allowod hail ; in two sureties of £250 each, i Tho time is d; awing near when tho licens ing benches provided for by tho now Wines, Beer and Spirits Statute must -be elected, ) and tho nocessary regulations having I con 3 agreed upon by the Governor-in-Couneil !thcy wero yestorday forwarded to tho clerks of potty sessions throughout the colony, in order that thoy might tako stop3 to carry j out tho elections. The 10th section of tho act provides that tlio first bench of licons- i ing magistrates should bo eloctod wifcbm ono month of tho passing of tho act, and in oacii succeeding January. As tho act was assented to on tho 29tli of December, 1870, the election must take place on or before tho 28th inst. An abstract of tho regulations will be found in another column. A claim for. compensation for land, taken by tho Government for tho purposo of form ing tho North-eastorn Railway, and whioh tho claimant agreed to refer to arbitration, was partly board at tbo County Court yes terday, and was ultimately adjourned nntil this morning. The case referred to was Jas. Malcolm v. tho Beard of Land and Works. Tho claimant had owned 13 acres, 3 roods, and 54 perches of. land in- tho- parishes of Knllkallo and Euroko, noar Somerton, whioh were used for pastoral purposes until the land was required for tho formation of the new lino of railway. Tho7 Government offered £000, hut Mr. .Malcolm claimed £1000, and it was ultimately decided to refer the matter to the arbitration of Messrs. Robt. Hepburn and J. Finlay, His Honor Judge Pohiman being ohoson umpire. Messsrs. Lawes and Casey appeared on be half A the claimant, and the hon, A. Michio, Q.C., represented tho Government. A number of witnesses wero examined on be half of the claimant, and as he had several I more witnesses to examine the further hear ing was adjourned until this morning. Tho bakers' annual picnic;-, which was I neiu. yesterday ac ijngnton "beach, passed oil very successfully. .. . About' 200 poisons Wero present, including; the wivc3 and families of the bakcre and all 'others in any waj connected with tho trade. No regular timo was fixed for starting, "but everyone mado his way to tho appointed spot in tho manner which suited him host. A largo marquee had been erected capable of holding 250, and an excellent dinner had been pro vided. As soon as the hunger of tho excur sionists was satisfied, the tables wero cleared away and dancing was commonoed. Tho services of the band which had boon engaged wore called largely into requisition. Tho intense heat of the day did not prevent such gainos as cricket and football being started, and the time-honored kiss-in-the-rinu was well patronised by the youugqr members of the pariy. After partaking of tea, they re turned to town about eight o'clock, bavin- spent a very peasant day. Mr. Clements" of tho Cricketers' Arms Hotel, Swauston- street, vvas tho caterer, and fulfilled his duties in a manner which D roved satisfaetorv to all concerned. A correspondent from tho Clyde informs us that some dissatisfaction oxiBts as to tho manner in which tho common school is car- Tri, on,?': lre plnco. For some reason or er there lias been, ho states, no mooting respecting the school for nearly three years. the dissatisfaction our correspondent states does exist, the residents' course is open tton al)pealiuS to the Board of Educa- 0n tho 31st of last month one of the saloon passengers of tho True Briton, Miss y strongman, about twenty-ono years wi'bPl aD t waa returning to tho colony reio,,rnr- a 0r aud "nother after a brief n ri-n ."J. Europe, died from extreme debility. < . th woe'cty meoting of tho committeo of wa3 hel(l yesterday The ' l A- iSCould in tho chair. miL> j lcer i rcPrt stated that 220 c. w\Dd , 127 fomalca had bcc" under treatment dnnng the week ending 19tli "V811; " the 15th inst., a patient Ireland X Taylor, native of Kilkenny, h-r I. years, died of apoplexy, lnon a"? 'C5ldenoo in the house having ,-„'7l 7rCI1 an'la lui'.f months ; on the lGth Hant, ' v 7 auady> native of Andover, dvil '„P i ' ' a"ed sixty-eight yeare, ia the lm p,sy — length f residence nat - r C'nV'n da73 > William Brear- Ifitv ti-o Devonshire, . England, aged the 17tb iear'I'i 'J of apoplexy on ( Lv T!ng- f/e3idonca ia tbo oa £ „ lumat0 named Jano Mathison, cotamifHn ? roport ordered by tho S Yd h0r r3 to cam a living lobe FHfferiim feu ('xaniiued r.n-l was found «d tho ,,d i n "jcniahlo spinal disease, wuld not'rln eou.d Jo needlework, alio I sii- Tl! enough to earn her living out- 0 superintendent reportod a! donation of Bibles from tho Biblo Society, per Rev. James Thomson. Tho state of tho houBe was as follows : — 123 males, 198 females ; total, G21. Tho tender of Mr. Livingstone for tho erection of tho superin tendent's house was accepted, the amount being £1083. The statutory delaratiou of G. W. Pnyno rclativo to tho Charlotte Payno case, which has already been published in the daily papers, was read, but ft was stated that nothing could be done in the matter. Tho Rev. Joseph O'Mnlley, S.J., of St. Patrick's College, was elected lifo governor, having obtainod for the restitution a sum ex ceeding £20, through his sermon preached in the Church of St. Francis, on tho 27th Novemhor. Mr. J. Smith, biscuit manufac turer, of 102 Lonada'lo-strcet west, was also elected governor, ho having obtained a dona tion of £25 from " A friend." The meeting then terminated. Another importation of pure bred two- year old sliort-horn hulls has arrived in splendid order and condition by tho ship Truo Briton. Attestod copios of their podigree havo been forwarded with them, One of them, Courtier, is a roan, and was calved Sth October, 1868, got by 11th Duko of Oxford (19, G32), who vvas by 3rd Grand Duke, for whom Mr. Boldon refused 1 000 guineas. Tho other, "VYethorbit, ia a rich roan, calved 12th July, 18G8, by Sth Baron Wotherby (23,3S5.) Tho bulls are consigned to Messrs. Ryan aud Hammond. Tho body of tho man which was found in tho Yarra, by tho Falls-bridge, on Wednes day morning, has not yet been identified. Tho deceased appeared to havo boon about tony years oi age, ana was aoouc nve ana a half feet in height, with reddish hair and whiskers. Ho was dressed in a dark coat and tweed trousers, and a fishing lino and Is. lOd. in a purso wero found upon him. An inquest will he held on tho body this day. At the committeo meeting of tho Benevo lent Asylum yesterday, ono of tho candidates for admission to that charity, a respectably dressed femalo named Mrs. Hobson, rather startled thoso present by a statement that sho was eighty years of ago. She (lid not look at the outside as if Bho had seen more than sixty or sixty-fivo summers. On a mem ber of tho committoo asking her what made nor think that sho was eighty, sho said sho grounded that belief on tho fact that some era of her existence (it was not cloar what) had happened when "tho King was in I Ireland.' Her application for admittance was refused, and she returned to town in a cab. " Tho cab-drivers of Emerald-hill havo somo cause of complaint against tho municipal authorities. Clarendon-street is well nigh impassable. I ho looso metal in somo placos is more than a foot deep, and it is posi tively unsafe to travel ovor it. At least tho metal could bo blinded and rolled well so as to bo made into a compact mass, in st ad of as now a shifting segregation of stones. Tho sitting of tho A.O.F. district quar terly meeting was brought to a close last night. Tho society has mado considerable progress during the past quarter, and by a return furnished by tho treasurer, it was shown that upwards of £300 was cloared by tho late fote, tho sum to be appropriated to tho orection of almshouses for aged members of tho order. During tho sitting P.O. E. Oates was presented with a golden star and neck ribbon for his zoal and courteous con duct during his twolvo months' presidoncy. Tho remains of a man wore fonnd on Mon day in tho Goulburn, about two miles from Jamicson. Thoy havo been identified as thoso of a man named Ryan, better known as "Mullingar Pat," who it. will bo re collected vvas drowned while going to Jamioson last October to attend tho Ge neral Sessions. Ho vvas seen on tho road by several persons on tho day lie vvas missed, and tho river being flooded at the time ho was told not to keep tho road along tho river, but to tako the mountain track. The deceased, however, was observed to pay littlo attention, but galloped along the road. Ho was partially intoxicatod at the time. Ho was novel- again seen alive. It was then thought.he must havo ridden along tho road to wliero it is intersected by Goobny's Creek, whioh is at its junction with the river, and that in attempting to cross ho got out of his depth and was washed into tho river. Tlio remains wore found about half a mile lower down the Goulburn in an upright position, the head detaohed and lying at tlio feet. , Ponsford, the man charged with iudect-nt behavior to children on their way to school, was committed for trial vnsfcerdnv lie 111 n Geelong bench. The examination occupied two hours. Bail was allowod in £100. , It will be remembered that somo: fow vveoliB ago, Miss Rebecca H. Redman, store keeper, Hotham, summoned Mr. Samuel Davis, general storekeeper, Melbourne, for perjury, in connection with some business dealings between the two. Tho matter was investigated at the City Polioo Court, and tlio caso was dismissed. Miss'Redman has now summoned the defendant for the same | offence to the Hotham Polico Court, but tho bench there havo refused to hear tho cose, on the ground that it had already been in vestigated in the City Cdurt. ' A case of somo interest came --before the District Court yestorday. William Mann was summoned by William Harrison, a member of the committeo of management of tho Foresters' fete, held -iii the Friendly Societies' gardens I on , the 2nd January, , for assault. Tho defendant had. been a booth- holder, and some dispute aroso concerning, the place on which the booth was erected. Ho was ordered to- remove tho tent, but he refused to do 'so,, and Harrison began to untiq one of tho tent ropes. - Mann ; then took up" an'A'mericah ivxo, and laying it on tho complainant's neck; ; threatened to knock his head off if ho touched the ropos. A man .standing by caught, hold of the. nice, and took it out of: his .hands. - Thoidefen- dant was fined £3 and 40s. costs, but having tendered an npology, Mr. Harrison reouestod tho benoh to remit the fine, and. it was re duced to Is. and 40s. costs. ; The case of Goorgo Wilmott, late station master nt Kcilor-rond, who was charged .with embezzling various small sums during tho month of December, was concluded at . the City Court yesterday, and tho prisoner com mitted for trial. George W. Lilley, a tra velling auditor in tho Railway department, was examinedatoonsiderablelength regarding tho duties of a stationmaster, and tho stato tho books of tlio ICeilor-road station wero in when ho audited them on tho 21st December. He stated that on examining tliem ho found deficiencies amounting to £33. Tho pri soner, when taxed with these defalcations, said ho might as well mako a clean breast of it, and acknowledged that ho was short in his cash, but thought that tho deficiency vvas not more than £14. He said that he had beon drinking lately to somo extent. Some further merely formal ovidonoo was taken, aud tho prisoner was committed for trial, bail being allowed in two sureties of £50 eacn. Inspector Kabat still continues his crusado against tho prostitutes and other disorderly characters, who, in spito of repeated warn ings, persist in outraging public decency. Eight women were summoned at tho District Court yesterday, for being tho occupiers of houses frequented by persons who have no lawful and visible means of support. Tho majority of them resided in Stephen- street, one of the principal thoroughfares to Carl ton, and constable Dalton stated that it was iinpossiblo for . any man to pass by their houses without being accosted hv some of tho girls living in them. " On last Sunday evening ho vvas on duty there, and he saw soma of these women, a3 the people were going home from church, : stop several men and try to induco them to go into their houses with them. Any respectable woman passing by was certain to be iusultod by them. There were several other houses of ill-fame in tho street besides thoso owned by the women before tho court, but thoy wero carried on in a quiet manner, aud as long n» due regard was paid to public de cency these plaaes wore not interfered with. Three of tho women, Mary Harrison, Emma Leonard, and Mary Smith, kept similar lmilRflS in rt. amnll nllpt? rnnninff off from Bourke-atreet east. Tho women frequenting them wero of a very disorderly cbaractor. One of them unknowingly tried her endearments on constable Dalton, but as soon as she found out who it vvas she had been endeavoring to fascinate, slio beat a hasty retreat. Considerable amusement was excited in court by the stolid manner ia which Dalton related this incident. Mr. Call sentenced three of tho women, Eliza Bond, Mary M'Kiulay, and Catherine Richardson, to ono. month's imprisonment ; and four, Lissie Criton, Mary Harrison, Emma Leonard, and Mary Smith, to two months. Sarah Ann Chant, who did not I appear to answer the charge, was sentenced appeal was given in all tho cnscs except the last. Several of - the women promised to leave tho neighborhood if they wore allowod to go frco on this occasion, but Inspoctor lvabat thought that it was necoBSary co inane an example, and therefore refused to with draw tho charges. "That there is, figuratively speaking, many a slip botwixt the cup and tho lip, I vvas never better exemplified," says last night's Baliarat Evening Post, "than it was I by a bride in perspective who wished to enter into tho holy bonds yesterday. The bridal party took their seats in vehicles pro vided, and left tlio model borough to all appearance enjoying the utmost ' felicity. Tho door of the clinpel vvas reached, when the bridegroom intimated that ho would havo to absent himself for a fow moments, but that ho would return as soon as possible. Five, ten, twenty minutes elapised, but there was no sign of the absent one. Time still - wore on hut the truant did not return, and a messenger was despatched. That individual soon returned — but alone ! At the eleventh hour tho gay Lothario had repented. After leaving the chapel ho had proceeded to a livery stable near at hand, where ho mounted a steed, ready Eaddled anil bridled, and, taking a road in a con trary direction to the chapel, left the dis trict." Tho Colombo Observer contains tho follow ing, under date Hong Kong, 8th December, 1870 : — " A terrible mutiny has occurred at sea, on board tho Italian ship UnOcwvh, bound, with S4t> coolies, to uauao. Attcr a terrible conflict tho coolies fired tho ship. Tho captain, officers, and crew escaped in boats. Chung How, who proceeds by the present mail to liurope, does not appear to havo had the friendly reception nt Canton ho, no doubt, anticipated. The Cantonese, in fact, thought very littlo of him ; but ChuDg, nevertheless, succeeded in taking with him one-hundred thousand dollars from that port for tho expenses of his mis sion. The young nobleman who had suc ceeded to the earldom of Aberdeen has beon drowned nt sea. Tho romance and mystery attending the heirship of tho earldom, aud tho efforts which the family have mado to find tho missing scion, will bo remembered no doubt by many. Tho young carl, who vvas fond of a roving and adventurous lifo, shipped nt Boston, America, under tho namo of Charles Oswald, as chief officer in the American schooner Hero, bound eastward. Whilst engaged at sea ho became entangled in tho rungs of tho rigging, and a heavy lurch of the vessol hurled tho unfortunate noble man into tho sea. which was running too heavy to enable his shipmates to mako even an effort for his reseuo. Tho forma lities necessary to provo his death havo been gone through at Hong Kong, and tho family honors will now dovolvo on the last surviving son of the fifth earl, tho hon. John Campbell, born in 1847\. At a concert given in Hong ICoug in aid of tho sick and wounded, tho handsome out-turn was shown of about 2000 dol. Thero is no fresh news from the North. The Danish cable is not yet laid betweou this and Shanghai. The vossels, after endoavor- ing to pick up the shore oud, were obliged to return, and thoy havo proceeded to Shanghai to lay tho cable with tho mon soon, instead of against it. It is reported that a defect exists in tho shoro end of tho wil'n. All tlin nrncnnfLVffH cnnnncf.nr1 wif.li this lino have beon kept very qniet, and up to tho present time no tariff or other infor mation has beon mnde public." Tho Princoss Theatro was crowded in evory part last night on tho occasion of the last representation this season of Balfe's Rose of Castilo. Tho performance was an excellent one in every respect, and gave the audience every satisfaction, judging from tho amount of applause evoked, lone and , Les Huguenots are announced for to-night and to- morrow night respectively, and for tho only times, as tho'soason termi- nitos on Saturday. Next week will bo de voted to the benefits duo to tho various members of the company. Chang Woo Gow, /'the tall man of Fy- cliovv, " will commence his levees and levies at Weston's Opera-house in a few days. Chang has a world-wido fame for his extra ordinary height, nearly eight feet, and created quito a sensation in England three or four years ago. Since that time ho has travelled upon tho continent and through America, and now ho is doing Australia, having started with/New Zealand. Chang is accompanied by his wife, Kin Foo, a beautiful and accomplished Chinese lady. It is notified that tho democratic protectionists will meet on Saturday night at tbo . Commercial Hotel, Smith-street, Collingwood, to arrange their platform. Hy an advertisement in our columns it will bo seen that arraugoniouts aro mado for- weekly excursions to Fern Tree Gully. Puulications Received.— From Mr. A. J. Smith wo have to acknowlcdgo tho receipt of the Sunday Magazine for December, 1870. The Black and Whito List is to band — a record of tbo vqting_ of members of the sixth Parliament of Victoria. Tho Melbourne Church News for Jan- -unrv. . - - A com i-r.imextahy concert was given by a committeo of geutlemon to Miss Sheppard, in the drill-room,: Sandridgo, on Tuesday : evening, the largo room' being tolorahly well filled. A long and attractive programme was gone through, including soveral choico solcctions.played hy the band of tlio Emerald-hill Artillery, which were rendered in good time, the other lady , and gen- tlcmon contributors doing thoir part well. - At tho conclusion a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, Mr. W. Morlsy, who in return thanked1 tho ; audience, and the contributors to the pro gramme, on behalf of the fair beneficiaire. 