CURRENT TOPICS. Oa E:ister Monday next the Races will take place at the Little River. It is con fidcntiy expeated that the racing will he first-rate, and the attendance large, should the weather prove favourable, the railway offering facilities for public travelling. The arrangements are com plete, and the events to come off will be numerous, considering the liberal manner in which subscribers have come forward. A very bad year, we regret to observe, is anticipated by the .Western journals for the selectors who took up land there in 1869\. The season has been most adverse to them. The Australasian has purchased the right of publishing a new story, entitled ■" Hannah," by Miss Mulloch, the late author of " John Halifax, Gentlemaa." The death of a hen at the age of twenty one years, is recorded by the Alexandra paper. It is recorded that she was a good layer even in her old age, aud her name was " Blackie." A famous personage, Donato, the one legged Spanish dancer, has . arrived in Melbourne, and is about to appear at the Theatre-Royal. There will be a full moon in the first week of each of the first seven mouths of the year. In July there will be two full moons, viz, on the 2nd aud 31st. And in the remaining five months the moon will he at the full at the last week in each month. A " hunyip " has been shot near Alex andra, and. turns out to he a bittern— mother of n large family. We regret to observe that it has been found necessary to remove Mr Joseph Wilkic (of Wilkie, Webster, and Co, Mel bourne), who lately contested the election for St. Kilda, to Mr Harcourt's private asylum for the insane. Insanity appears to have been greatly on the increase of late in Melbourne. The Border journals of South Australia state that the usual emigration of insol vents in to Victoria from South Australia has set in this season with its wonted severity. - Mr James Young, of Bacchus Marsh—a very old colonist—has died at Totilla somewhat suddenly. He was born on famous Flodden Field, at the foot of the Cheviot Hills, in Scotland. Mr M'Lachlan, the well-known police magistrate of Bendigo, is about to proceed to England, where he proposes to pass the remainder of his life. He will be much missed 011 Bendigo. The house of a painter named Trainer, on Soldier's Hill, Ballarat, has been burned down accidentally. The fire arose from the circumstance that, while reading a newspaper by the light of a kerosene lamp, Mr Trainer fell into a doze, and suddenly awaking, overset the lamp. Nothing was saved but a pair of blankets, in which Mr Trainer had wrapped his wife and child before carrying them out. So bad was the weather experienced by the s. s. Alexandra, on her late run from King George's Sound, (which was accom plished in 127 hours, and not 131 hours as reported) that only two very indifferent observations could be taken. One was ob tained just as the ship left Breaksea Island, and the other shortly before making Cape Borda. The Launceston Examiner says :—" Oit dit that through the medium of the Matri monial Court the public will shortly be made acquainted with the particulars of a breach of promise in which a recent Vic torian visitor to this colony figures con spicuously." Madame Marie Duret's theatrical com- pany has been broken up at Hobart Town, for want of patronage. A Danish ship has arrived at Rock hampton, unannounced, with Danish and Swedish immigrants, chiefly coopers and tinsmiths. A ten-ton welled fishing boat, bnilt by fishcruian, and intended for the deep- sea fishing, has been launched at Launceston. Sir. James Fergusson, on his late visit to Tasmania, tried his hand as an angler on the Derwent and Plenty, for two days, hut was unable to raise a salmon or trout, owing to the lowness and clearness of the water.! Machinery for the manufacture of 3d and 5s stamps, for Tasmania, arrived by the Thermopylae, and has been sent on to Hobarton. The Riverine Herald of Saturday last, makes the following interesting remarks as to the country in the interior:—"Splendid grazing country is being made known in the northern parts of Australia, proving that saltbush lands are not confined to the Riverine territory, so that the rising genera tion of squatters brought up in lliverina, who are squeezed out here, have other fields and pastures new' to operate upon. Vast saltbush downs are found in the Mitchell district, where 12,000 sheep are shepherded in one mob; two men are employed—" one docs the cooking, the other the shepherding." Mitchell district is the very Canaan of squatting. The grazing capabilities of Australia are almost as boundless as the market for our pastoral produce promises to be." " Nepotism," says The Australasian, " is generally supposed to be peculiar to the Papal. Government and incidental to mo narchies and aristocracies. But it seems to iburish just as rankly in democracies. President Grant, for instance, has been paM^ ticularly careful to quarter the memffdrsor his own family upon the public purse in the United States. He has appointed his father postmaster at Covington, Kentucky; his son, a cadet at West Point; his brother, co* collector of the port at Chicago; his sistefs husband Minister to Denmark; one of his cousins Minister to Guatemala ; a second, clerk in the Third Auditor's oihee, Washington; a third, second lieutenant fourth Artillery ; and his cousin's husband, postmaster of Newport, Kentucky. Six of Mrs Grant's brothers-in-law have been similarly provided for. No. 1 is Chief Usher at the Executive Mansion ; No. 2 >' Counsel for Claimants before the President^ fees £iOOO per annnm; No. 3is Appraiser of Customs at San Francisco; No. 4 is tlie onIv authorised Indian Trader for New Mexico, under the Indian Bureau, a place worth £20,000 a year; No. 5 is Mar shal of the district of Columbia; and jfo 6 is Collector of the port of New Orleans, a place worth £GOOO per annum. There is yet another brother-in-law, Mr xv. K. Corben, who has fceen prorcd to ■' ne made use of information he'obtained 'a, the White House to realise large sums' of money in gold speculations. The President's brother-in-law's cousin ia sur Tevor of the port of New Orleans; another person standing in the same relation to hiin has the controul of the IV-Hc Stores, New York, a place worth £00,000 a year; his brother-in-law's third ciasin is clerk in the Registrar's office. Treasury Department, Washington ; and his mother's second cousin is Assessor of Internal Revenue, Third District, Ohio. A certain judge living in the vicinity of Portland, Oregon, having had a load of wood brought into his dooryard, a Chinese wood sawer applied for the job of sawing it. '-llow muchce?" asked the judge. " Bap dollar," replied John. A bargain was about to be struck, when an Irish Americau citizen demanded the job. "ilow much?" again asked the judge. «A dollar and a half," replied the American citizen. The judge demurred, replying that the Chinaman had just cilcred to do thej same work for half a dollar. " However," he said, " as I prefer to encourage white American labour, I will pay you a dollar and a half." The judge returned some hours afterwards, and to lfis surprise found the Chinaman, and not the white man, at work upon his wood pile. " How's this ?" said his Honour ; " who told you to saw my wood ?" " Melican man," said John. "How muchee he pay ?" queried the judge. " Hap dollar," said John. The judge accepted this lesson in Cheap Asiatic labour. 