Miscellaneous Items. I Scarlatina ia continuing to spread ia the western po " tion of tho Western provinoe of Otago, New Zealand. A turtle weighing 7owt has been caught in Coffin Bay, in South Australia, Mr. Shonton, the editor of the Perth Gazette, i Western Australia, is dead. The Melbourne Angler's Society have succeeded i introducing tho English peroh into the Upper Yarra. The German Olub in Adelaide are organising a peas demonstration. Advices have been received by the mail of sales c some South Australian flax at a satisfactory prioe. A large public meeting has advocated the Britisl , annexation of Fiji. Tho Warrenheip Distillery Company havo deoided t : wind up. Mr. Bailey, formerly a member of the Victoria! Assembly, has been murdered by his partner at Fiji. Mr. E. Tooth has presented a beautifully illuminate! reredos to St. JOUU'B Church, Darlinghurst. Three young aspirants for bushranging honours were lately captured near Tankarooka by the Wilcannia and Bourke police on a charge of horse-stealing. The extension of the Great Northern Railway fror Muswellbrook to Scone was opened on tho 17th instan by the Governor. A man namod Withorington, the mate of the Mai garet Ohessol, lins been murdered by the natives a Aurora Island, On Sunday last, a man named Joseph Wright me his death by drowning in the Urara Bi ver, while in state of intoxication. Mr. W. 0. Clemonts, formerly town surveyor o Singleton, has boen appointed iu a similar capacity b; the muuioipal council of .Rockhampton. The Sydney. Sugar-refining Company have alteret their tariff, reduciug the price of all classes, "no mark,1 and crystals LU per ton. A mau named M'Dermot t, à furniture warehouse mah in Pitt-stieot, hus been committed for trial foi arson. ' % A Danish immigrant, named Peterson, oommittei suicido at the One-mile, Gympie, on the 11th instant . by hanging himself. . i . Mr, Buchanan has addressed a large assembly of hil constituents, and a voto of confidence was carried ii his favour. \- The child of Mrs. Riobard Howell lately fell into : well at Oxley Island, near Redbank, on tho Mannini .River, and was drowned. : 1 Jüdgo Cope bas decided, at Ballarat, that a banke has a lien over bills left by a client at the bank fo collection and not discounted. A country paper states that' Mr. Garrett has bee: offered the Commissionership of Railways, and that hi will probably accept the office. Tho Kev. Dlr. Hopkins is to replace the Kev. Mr Cornor, ns Wesleyan minister at Tenterfield, and i daily expectod. The thirteenth annual ploughing match in connec tion . with tho Hunter River Agricultural and Hortioul tura! Association took place on the 13th instant. On the 5tU instant, a man named Henry Palpey wa drowned through falling out of a boat on the Richmont River. Prinoe Dietrichstein of Nicolaburg, Count Mensdori Pouilly, first cousin of Queen Victoria, died at Pragu on l'l th February, after a short illness. An old "Victorian, Mr. Ernost Aloxandor Clendining S'dialch, has just been appointed Attorney-General fo Jamaica. Tho body of a man with one arm wa3 found at th< beach near Glenelg in South Australia, on tho 14tl instant. It has not yet been identified. Tho Rev. Mr. Simon, Congregational Minister iE . London, has deolined the pastorate of Stowe Church, Adelaide. . ? A man in Victoria has been fined 40s with oosts, for ejecting a Census'collector from his house ia' a very unceremonious manner. The quarterly practice of [tho No. 2, Volunteer Pi« Company was celebrated on Tuesday last by a picnic at Mr. Corry's tea gardens, Botany. - On Wednesday last a public meeting, on behalf of the Australasian Wesleyan Missionary Society, was held in the Dowling-street church. The amount of Customs dutieB collected last quarter was £212,564 13s 4d, an increase of £27,318 19s Sd on the corresponding portion of 1870. A specimen, containing 801b of solid gold, valued at L3000, has been unearthed from the Caledonian mine, at tho Thames, Kew Zealand. Tho exhibition of industry and art, held in the Gon 1 gregational school-room, Pitt-street, last week, attracted numerous visitors. On tho 3rd instant, a boy named Patrick Moran, while playing in Lower George- street, fell and broke both his logs. On the 13th instant the Rev. Canon King delivered, in St. Andrew's School-room -m{lectura on the "Rev. E. B. Elliott's exposition of the Apocalypse." Tho anniversary of the Hay-street Wesleyan Sunday school was celebrated on Monday last, in the Hay-street Church, by atea and public meeting. The now road from Sydney to Wollongong, whioh shortens the route to about forty-seven miles, is nearly completed, On tho 5th. instant, a man named Henry Palpey, was drowned in the Clarence River by falling out of a boat in whioh ho was returning to the shore At a meeting of the parishioners of St. John's Church, Newcastle, held on Monday last, MossrB. Bolton and Langley wero olected lay representatives of the Synod. With the oxception of Good Friday, and half a day on .Easter Mondny, tho tunnels of the Waratah colliery, near Newcastle, havo been worked constantly. Anteoting of tho Newcastle Jockey Club was held on Tuesday evening, and the prosueuts of the forthcoming meeting were H]ioken of in tho most sanguine manner. On tho 14th instniit, a fire occurrod at Mr. Field houso's property, ou the' Lako IMaequarie-road, noar NowoiiHtle, hut it was put out without much damage being done to tho buildings. Matleos Gleilhill.Antoy, paymaster, R.N., of H.M.S. . Challenger, died on board that ship on the voyage to England, on January 28th, 1871, after anilluess of BOHÍO duration. At Penrith tho usual Easter Tuesday meetings were held at St. Stephen's and St, Mary's, when satisfactory balance-sheets were produced, and wardens for tho ensuiug year were appointed. It is contemplated to make considerable alterations in the basis of tho Society of Arts, both in regard to ita name, and also the soope of its operations in connection with tho Sydney School of Design. Tho Melbourne cricketers, Messrs. Conway, Gosstiokt and Wills, who played against the Gregorys in the late single wicket match, left for Melbourne on tho 17th instant, in the steamer Macedon. On the Upper Williams, maize is most abundant, and promises to bo of fine quality. Some early erops have been gathered, but the bulk is late, owing to a rather unfavourable planting season, A contractor named Thomas Morffew, while on his way from Ballarat to the Ararat-road, to pay the men working there, was stuck up by two armed men and robbed of L453. The Rev. Henry "Wiles, of the Wesleyan ministry, lately stationed at Wagga Wagga, was presented with an address nnd a purse containing L45, prior to his removal to his present charge at Ashfield. I A smart shook of an earthquake occurred at Canter bury, in New Zealand, on the 28th March. It was pre ceded by a low rumbling noise, and the direction waa I from north to south. Captain John Henry, one of the first pilots of Port Phillip, and an old colonist, died suddenly at the resi dence of his step-son, Mr. Pilot M'Queen, Williamstown, I on the 13oh instant, A certain Lunatic Asylum in New Zealand, which has recently been insured, is described in the policy of insurances as a building constructed of Wood and iron, and at present occupied by the Provincial Government, The consumption of breadstufi's in the Auckland market is estimated by a local paper at 147 tons per week. The returns of imports and of local productions for the year 1870, are taken as a basis of calculation. A letter, found in a deserted hut somo seventy mile9 from Wellington, in South Australia, signed " James Coughlan, late iîOth Regiment," has led to the supposition that the writer has perished in tho bush. A Northern paper says, the reason why Sir James Martin shows a partially for torpedoes in the defence of Port Jackson is, that his legal training has led him to prefer " hoisters " to shells. The Northern Argus states that au effort is being made to form a company to test the value of a copper ore discovery recently made on Hoyle's Plains, in South Australia. Intelligence baa been received from Fiji that a great hurricane had visited tho place, destroying tho crops and a number of houses. Two vessels were wrecked, and others were much damaged. It is stated that Mr. ll. B. Smith, the member for the Hastings, has entered an aotion against Mr. Horace Dean, proprietor Of the Manning River News, for libel; the damages being laid at L2000. Some untarred rope made from New Zealand flax cleansed by Stead's process, wan lately tried on board the ship Dragon, when loading at London for Adelaide, with a very satisfactory result. Mr. Irwin, a broken-down squatter, who left Adelaide four years ago, is now a district attorney in the State of Atlanta, United States, with the title of Honorable. \ The warden of the South Australian gold-Selds has sent in his usual quarterly report, which is not of so favourable a oharaoter as the discoveries recently brought to light had led many to expect English larks are so common in Nelson, New Zealand, that they are being netted for the purpose of sending to other .settlements in New Zealand. The London and hedge sparrow aro also said to be common. The station at Tapio, ou the Darling, has changed hands, the east run having been purchased by Mr. Brooke, and tho west by Mr. J. D. Cudmore, both at satisfactory prices. The mercantile community} at Adelaide are endea vouring to persuade the Government to reduco the telegraphic charge for ten words botween Adelaide and the port to sixpence. The brother of tho dramatio author, the late Mr. T. W. Robertson, a juvenile actor of some prominence in London, Mr. Shafto Robertson, will arrive in 'the colony about the end of May. Tho body of a widow named Bridget Barry» about forty-nine years of age, was found floating in the harbour at the Victoria Wharf on Monday morning last. At the inquest an open verdict was returned. ' Thft Rev. , Mr. Sohofiold, Congregational bush missionary, has been thrown from bis horse near Goganyo, in the Rockhampton district, and his recovery is considered hopeless. The latest reliable quotations for capper are the fol lowing received at Adelaide :-Wallaroo Company's telegram, 18th Maroh. Copper, L74 ; ore, 14s. Mar ket s toady. At the annual vestry meeting of St. Matthew's Church, Albury, tho subject of shortening the length of the morning service was broached by one of the members. The teller of the branch Bank of New South Waler, Tamworth, has been committed for trial for embez zling moneys belonging to the bank. Bail was tendered and accepted. The Primitive Methodist Church in Kent-street, which has been for some time closed, was re-opened on Sunday last, service being conduoted morning and evening by the Rev. G. James. It is understood that the Government intend to ask the Parliament for a vote of £500.000 to continue the lines of railway to Tamworth on the North, Orange in the West; and Yass ia the South. His Excellency the Governor, together with the members of the Ministry who were present at the opening of the railway from Musclebrook to Scone, onT uesday last, returned hythe steamer Coonanbara. A meeting of the parishioners of Woolloomooloo took place in St. Peter's Church on the 11th instant, and the balance-sheet showed that during the past year, the total receipts from tho weekly offertory and volun tary subscriptions were L1074 2s 3d. Tho Lords of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Counoil on tho appeal of Eales v. Montefioie, from the Supreme Court of New South Wales, on the 21st January last, humbly advised her Majesty that the appeal should bo dismissed with costs. It is stated that the Hon. Dillon Bell has expressed himself willing to accept the office of Speaker of tho House of Représentatives in New Zealand, and is endeavouring to induce members to support his appoint ment. Steps aro being taken by a number of gentlemen in Christchurch, Npw'Zeulaiul, to foim a company for the manufacture of tho coarser qualities of paper from flax tow. The capital required will be £10,000, and it is proposed to get it supplied in L10 Bhares. On Saturday last a fire broke out on tho promises of Mr. Alfred Cane, schoolmaster, in Stanley-street, Woolloomooloo, and it was not extinguished by tho inmates of tho house until a considerable quantity of furniture had been destroyed. The National Society for the aid of the sick and wounded in the Franco- Prussian war, have acknow ledged the receipt of L84 from the Hunter's Bill com mittee ; that amount being the proceeds of an enter tainment given at that place abouc five months ago. A meeting of the printing trade was held on last Saturday afternoon, in the United Temperance Hall, for the purpose of considering tho low rate of wagea paid by the proprietor of the Mercantile Advertiser to his compositors. A very serious accident befell Mr. ! James Mitchell, the builder at Uralla, on Good Friday. He was riding home, when his horse fell and rolled over him, causing some serious internal injuries. The last accounts state that Mr. Mitchell is fuse recovering. The: works at the new wharf on the south side of the Yarra, at Melbourne, are now at a complete stand still, and appear to be going from bad to worse, owing to the combined effects of the instability of the lower strata and the reoent heavy rains. The diseased meat which bas occasioned sickness in several families in Adelaide, is found to be some mut ton which is supposed to haye become injurious through the sheep eating poisonous herbs. A good deal of uneasiness exists in reference to this matter. The Kapunda Copper Company, in South Australia has now become a public company under the Limited Liability Act. The capital has been increased, and the rent hitherto paid has been considerably lowered, now standing at £350 per annum. A new assurance company, styled the Life and Mort. gage Assurance Company, of Australia, has been successfully launched at Melbourne. The prospectus of the company is said to contain several novel and origi nal features of practical utility. A correspondent of the Upper Hunter Courier, writing fiom Scono, says that u number of precious stones have been found in that district, and aro in the possession of a gentleman in Scone ; two of them are fino rubies. Early on Monday morning, 27th ultimo, a fire took place on the premises of Mr. Comans, of the Bee-hive Hotel, Combaning, by which a stack of hay and a shed werejdestroyed. It is supposed that the fire was the act of an incendiary. Four stages of life, says the Geelong Advertiser» were represented in the work of one of our Protestant clergymen on one day lately. He had to officiate at a marriage, christen an infant, visit a person on a bed of sickness, and attend a funeral. A heavy thunderstorn broke over Brisbane on the 12th instant, and was attended by very heavy rain. And a very vivid (lash of lightning struck a young man named Michael Whelan, in Fortitude Valley, and killed him and bis horse. The increased demand for tonnage in Adelaide arising from the exportation of wheat has had the effect of supplying the port with no inconsiderable quantity of building stone, every vessel from Melbourne furnishing her ballast for that purpose. Tho Argus, in a leader strongly recommendatory of the narrow gauge, says that if it had been adopted when the North-Eastern line was planned/the L9.200 a mile might have been cut down to between L5000 and LG0OO, without any sacrifice of efficiency. On the 12th instant his Excellency the Adminis trator of the Government, proceeded in State from Government House to the Legislative Chambers, at Brisbane, to open tho second session of the Fifth Parliament of Queensland. On Wednesday evening last Mr. D. W. L. Murray delivered a lecture at the School of Arts upon the Islands of South-western Polynesia. It was highly instructive and entertaining, and well appreciated by a numerous audience. The first anniversary of the induction of the Rev. J. S. Muir to tho pastoral charge of St. Peter's Presbyterian Church, North Shore, was celebrated on Tuesday evening last by a well-attended tea and public meeting. The stonework of tho main building of the new Post-office is finished, and the carpenters are employed upon the roof. The back premises aro slated ; and a largo portion of the scaffolding of the main building has been taken down. That the prevalence of small-pox in Europe has given rise to a stringent enforcement of the sanitary laws in Melbourne, is instanced by the fact that at the Williamstown court the master of the Natal Star was fined L15 and costs for omitting to heave-to for the health officer at the Heads. ' A murder committed seventeen years ago, near Colac; in Victoria, has just been discovered. Accord ing to the evidence,' one Geary murdered one Tom Brookhouse, and Mrs. Geary'is committed as accessary after the crime. She impeaches her husband, and ia likely to be' used as evidence against him. A petition to the Legislative Assembly is now in couise of signature by the farmers, storekeepers, and other residents of the Wag<?a Wagga district, praying for such an alteration in the Distillation Act. as will enable the growers of the Planter's Friend to distil spirits from their produce. Some excitement has lately been oaused at Moonta, ' in South Australia. Two children wandered from their home on Monday morning and got lost in the bush ; as soon as it was known 100 miners turned out, and after searching all night found the lost ones at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning sleeping in the burnt scrub. gi On Sunday afternoon last a horse, with a buggy attached, ran away on the Randwiok-road, and passed over the body, of à man supposed to have been lying intoxicated in the roadway. When the man was picked up he was found to be dead. His name was George Cusack. Important alterations are to be made in tho manage* ment of the Sydney Exohange, and Mr. C. H. Hayes, who has long béen manager at Greville and Company's Commercial Rooms, has been appointed to superintend the arrangements. Mr. J. E. Ebsworth continues as the secretary. On the 13th instant a deputation of members of Parliament waited upon the Secretary for Lands to present petitions from the gold-miners of Carcoar, Orango, Forest Reefs, and other localities, praying for au alteration in the mode of leasing Crown landB for mining purposes. The Victorian Parliament is to moot for the despatch of business on the 25th instant. Some interest is being evinced as to the gentleman who will be chosen Spenker of tho now Assembly. The name3 of-Mr. Duffy, Captain M'Mahon, and Colonel Champ, for merly Premier^of Tasmania, have been spoken of. Riverina is being visited by swarms of rats from the back couutry-they are in everything and everywhere, and in sufficient quantities (had they been in Paris) to have enabled the French to hold on for another month ; thore they would have been a god-send, but where they are they are a pest and a nuisance. Tho Homo News states that at the London office of The Argus in Cornhill is a specirnnu of pulp made from the stems and leaves of maize, gvown on the banks of the Hunter River. The mun pie has been submitted to several eminent paper- makers, who are unanimous in their expressions of approval of its usefulness und value. It is understood that Mr. Henry Parkes has gone to Melbourne with a view to negotiate for the establish ment of a postal line between the Australian colonies and San Francisco. Mr. Parkes it is understood, will also visit Queensland, and afterwards proceed to the United States and England-his mission being entirely unoonneoted with the Government. It appears from later telegrams that the report of the filibustering expedition from some port in the United j States was a canard of George Franois Train, whose vagaries m national matters are well known ,",n whose deliverances on the sentiments of -thnnJ-i ! the United States towards England but little Sr is usually paid. »nenin The total receipts of cold hy esoorfc for tlln , quarter of last year were 3.'>,78loz against 50 574", > the three months ending the 31st ultimo. Of'tim 1 tt quantity the March reedits from the Wçpiern amounted to 13,006oz. and from the Northern UiP or an aggregate of 14,455oz, against ll,754u2 «"-S. in the corresponding month of 1870. * The Food Journal for February, has annrii"i" "Australian Wines," by Mr. Phillips Bevan p p ? S., in whioh he states:-"I am quite sure that ii tu Australian growers m general would bestow' rn«» care m their selection of the soil, mode of 3' vation. cellarage, and proper keeping, they have ti materials for a commerce in wiue in this countr! which it will take time only to develops." T The nrsfc meeting of the Civil Service Oo-oneral!« Sooiety (limited) took place on the 17th April «u the draf c ruleB were considered. It waa stated that tS total number of shares taken up (out of the 40001 already amounted to 332». which were held bv 7$ shareholders. Of these 3323 sbaros taken up the» were 224 £1 shareholders, 131 £2 shareholders W M ditto, 83 £4, 186 £5,1 £6, 57 £10,1 £12, and 45 £20 A deputation of cattle breeders waited upon ila Minister for Lands on the 13 th instant, praying him lo cause to be destroyed the cow infected with Hie foot and-mouth disease, now in quarantine. The Minuter replied that he did not feel justified, without tte1 sanction of Parliament, in acceding to the owner's' demand for L200 if tho beast was destroyed, and In ' recommended the applicants to compensate tho owner Í themselves. Last week, a new arrival from Melbourne,' named ' Keary, was foolish enough to " spree" about town at' night with L70 in his pocket, and when he aime to his senses in the morning, found all his money and jewellery gone. Two men, named Agnew and Kelly j haye been charged with the robbery ; thpre was onlj evidence to establish a prima facie caso against tht latter, who has beeu committed for trial, while Agnew has been discharged. At a meeting of the proprietors and shareholders ol the Australian Library and Literary Association, held on Wednesday, Professor Smith's resolution-"Thal the sale of the library building and land appurtenant thereunto to tho Government of New South Wales ht hereby approved and concurred in, and that the chair, man, treasurer, and secretary be hereby authorized to affix the seal of the corporation to the deed carrying out the same," was carried. On the 11th April, the second annual exhibition, under the auspices of the Yass Pastoral and Agri cultural Show Society, was held at Yass. There were sixty-three entries of horses, fifty-nine of cattle, twenty six of sheep, six of dogs, ten of pigs, sixty-seven for agricultural produce, ' six for wines, thirty-nine for vegetables and fruits, one of agricultural implements, sixteen for poultry, one for leather, and two for the president's (Dr. Campbell's) prize for tho ' best model of bush fencing, to be cattle and sheep proof. A supposed murder has been committed at Burslem*! Hotel, on the Warrego-road on the Upper Darling. It appears two men, whose names I have not asoertainel had rented the hotel in paitnership ; a disputo aro« between them, and ono pursued the other with i knife into the bush ; tho pursued returned shortlj afterwards, but the other has not been seen or Leam' of since, although every search has been mado. The police have arrested the other on a charge ef murderin; his mate. The following are tho weights of the wheat exbibitd at the agricultural shows in-Victoria, thia aeason: Tho highest' weight was 661h 12oz; at Ballarat, tie second prize sample went 66lb loz ; at Castleman, the first was 65jlb ; at Daylesford, 66jlb ; at Beaufort, 65¿lb; at Newstead, 06¿lb; at Newbridge, 661b ; ud finally, nt Hamilton, a sample is reported to hie weighed 611b 4oz. The highest weight ever atttaned in these colonies was only 4oz in excess of tho abiie, and that was by an Adelaide sample, which beat the Victorian one by 2oz. The artifioial cultivation of oysters has been com menced at GeorgestDwn at the mouth of the Biw Tamar, Tasmania. When will it be in Port Jacks«. The Murray River is, at Goolwa, quite salt at tmes, much to the astonishment of the oldest navigito" theie, some of whom prophesied that it would renaui fresh all the year. Fishermen are netting near nw mouth, and have in several instances caught ns naen as three tons at a haul, consisting principally of m«ii&-j way, bream, and turalgie. Game is very plenum*, and the natives are shooting great numbers of teal ana ducks. Î ?-? A SUPPOSED GORILLA, AT ILLAWARBA.-^ »" indebted to the Illawarra Mercury for the foUowiu particulars supplied by Mr. George Osborne, ot tu. Illawarra Hotel, Dapto, concerning a strangei IMKIB animal, which he saw last Monday, and which « believes was a gorilla. It is to be hoped fte««» means may be adopted to capture the animal (aove u possible), as it is quite evident it is one of theigreaw natural curiosities yet found in the colony, "ge" with the interest attached to the peculiarity.o. w» strange "monster in human form," there issoijetnu very remarkable and suggestive in tae faet, tnai i «should have presented himself to Mr. OAoin»»OT that gentleman was going his rounds, colleotuH, j census. Tho following are Mr. Osborne ««mar« », corning the animal :-On my way from Mr. MH Reen's, coming down a range about half a mile Mr. John Graham's residence, at Avondale, sunset, my horse was startled at seeing an n coming down a tree, which I thought at tim w» , to be an aboriginal, and when it got within »b°ut Bf>el, feet of the ground it lost its grip ftud fell. 'y inga at the moment were anything but nap »j, J although my horse was restless I endeavours i»b ^ good glimpse of the animal by following » * retreated until it disappeared into a gully. tbi what resembled the shape of a man »0B0''""8,lend« following description :-Hi'ight, about fiveil«¡, ^ ' proportioned, arms long, lejjs like n. human ne j* j the feet . bein* about eighteen inches long, auu like an iguana, with long toes, tho ninioi« ^3 armB aud chest being well c juveloped, m 3 of the head straight with the ne CA body, but tho front or fnca projected ? h a with monkey features. Every partiólo or j except the feet and face was covered v.itu 'ow with a tan-coloured streak from tho neck to » ^ meu. While looking afc me ita eye.« and mouu ^ motion, after tho fash ion of n i"onKev- it won« quadruped fashion, hut at-every few paw. t[fi turn around and look at me Wowing j*. B^|,0 tbt the body with tho two legs and one ann, ^ nnt¡c( other arm was placed ncross the hip. * nIiaBie that it had no tail. It appear« that twrobiM* ¡n ,j ¡ Summers *aw the same animal or one SHU itflaj( same locality, about two years ago, hut tney fourM ' then only the size of a boy. about thirteen.m m , years of age. Perhaps this is the1 same an fiy8,, Mr. B. Rixon saw at the Cordeaux River, a ^ co9 , six years ago. The query ts, wnero from?" 