Natural History. The Natural History of New South Wales. BY GERARD KREFFT. ENTOZOA, OR INTESTINAL WORMS— (CONTINUED.) Cobbold's charming work on the above group of worms should be studied by all who take interest in or have the management of domestic animals, but the older writers must not be neglected by the student, and it would be foolish to take the slightest notice of any disparaging remarks about the works of the founders of Helminthology. Of course spontaneous generation was firmly believed in by these great men, and not till the famous Danish naturalist Professor Steenstrup, discovered the alternate genera- tion process, or " Generationswechsel," was the spontaneous theory discarded. There are cer- tainly many persons who still hold to this popular belief, and we say before hand it is not our intention to convert anybody to a particular way of thinking. Many roads lead to heaven, and when we are laughed at and charged with talking "scientific nonsense " we are perfectly aware that this will do no harm, because we are not respon- sible for the opinions of other people. It is of course impossible for a man to know everything, and though it is easy to puzzle the best Professor who ever lived, yet this no reason why he should be classed with the "know-nothings" altogether.* * Practical experience is better than much book study without it. We remember a gentleman who knew little of the science of entomology, but he always managed to arrange his collections in good order, as well nearly as if he had some general handbook at his elbow. Another friend of ours was once put to the test by some persons, who laid a bet that he would not know a certain egg they had in their possession. There was a prospect of fine fun in store for them, but after all they were awfully sold. The bell rang, and the " hermit man of science" came to the door in the dark. " Sorry to disturb you, and so on," the friends said, we bring you the present of an egg, and wish to know what bird laid it. " Oh do not trouble yourself about striking a light," replied the hermit " Many thanks, its a crocodile's egg," and retired. There never was such a lot of crestfallen fellows seen before. Of course they had a proper explanation afterwards, to the effect that all reptiles eggs are alike on both ends, and that those of crocodiles have a porcelain like feel, and are very porous— still they would not believe it for some time. Talent is everything, and if a man has not the neces- sary talent for a science or a profession, he had better try something else. We mention another good story in proof of talent. Some eleven years ago a mysterious murder was supposed to have been committed in Hyde Park (Sydney), two horrible feet had been found with the flesh torn off, and these dreadful proofs were taken to the Mu- seum. Dr. Pittard was sitting with his back to the door when the gentleman from the detective office entered ; he wanted the writer to retire, but the doctor would not listen to it ; so out came a snuff- coloured pocket handkerchief, and the awful proof of this horrible crime, which the doctor, without moving an inch, pronounced at the distance of several feet to be the paws of a bear. The detective thought the doctor was joking (he looked as if he was), so the officer lingered for another reply which he got from somebody else who asked him to go down to Moore's (hairdresser, in William-street), where the usual announce- ment of " another bear slaugtered" had just been hung out. We wish to say a few words about a very common worm, which is often presented to the Museum, and which has frequently been taken from the intestines of the mantis, a family of insects which is better known as " native ladies," and " walking straws." The Australian worm in question is probably a species of the genus Mermis, not much different from the well-known Gordius acquaticus, found in European rivers, pools, or watercourses. It is very rigid, and twists itself into many spiral convolutions. The body is of nearly equal size throughout and very smooth. We often get into trouble about it because we will not believe that the animal belongs to the snake tribe ; and to satisfy many inquiries about this creature, we shall quote Dr. Cobbold, who will be believed much more than any one of our home prophets : — 'At or near the time of the maturation of Mermes (allied to our hair-worm), the parent worm, hitherto lodged within the body of some insect, seeks to bury itself into the soil, and it ac- complishes this wandering by boring its way out of the body of the host. Some discrepancy of opinion exists as to the actual condition of the parent at the time of its wandering, for Van Siebold asserted that it quitted its parasitical mode of life ' in order to become sexually mature away from the animal ' infested ; whereas Von Beneden states that the embryos are always formed at the time of the wandering. From Siebold's interesting experiments, it would ap- pear that, incompletely developed, Mermes, acci- cidentally or otherwise separated from their hosts, and placed in moist earth, are capable of becom- ing sexually mature whilst still in the soil ; but in all probability the wandering requires the normal condition to commence, as before re- marked, at or before the time of full embryonic development. In any case, the embryos are viviparously reproduced, and, being set free, they pass a certain time of their early life in the earth. Here they grow rapidly and acquire sexual organs, subsequently seeking, as Von Siebold happily expresses it, to ' gratify their immigrative propensities' by selecting and penetrating into the soft-bodied larvae of lepidopterous and other insects. This entrance they are enabled to accom- plish by means of a sharply pointed dentule (or bor- ing stylet) which at the time of disuse is concealed within the head. Having once gained access to the host, they remain within its body until the caterpillar has been transformed into the perfect butterfly, or until their own sexual maturity is completed. Van Beneden thinks it probable that the males quit the host some time before the females— a view which, if correct, sufficiently accounts for the comparative scarcity of the males. According, however, to the experi- mental records of Von Siebold, sexual congress occurs before the entrance of this worm into the caterpillars, an observation which, it established, would render the entrance of male mermes into the body of the insect host quite unnecessary — that is to say, of no necessity as regards the sexual functions. In my (Cobbold's) opinion, this is actually the case with Dracunculus (the Guinea-worm), and explains how it happens that no male Guinea-worms have yet been discovered within the human host. So far as I am aware, the presence of the male Mermes in insect hosts has not yet been satisfactorily determined." It was our desire to say a few words more with regard to the worms of the genus Ascaris which are found in almost every vertebrated animal, a large number of which Mr. Bell, M.R.C.S., once presented as having been passed by a child a few months old. We have, how- ever, encroached too much on the space usually granted, and shall continue this subject in our next. In a later communication Mr. Krefft adds : — "I have procured some new worms almost every day during the last fortnight, and among others a fluke from the liver of the kangaroo. This fluke is almost identical with the sheep-fluke Fasciola (or Distoma hepaticum) ; but as I have only one Australian specimen from a sheep, I do not wish to say more on the subject at present. I only mention the fact to draw the attention of sheep-farmers to it. With regard to tape-worms and allied genera, their name is legion. I have found six different ones in a single Australian animal this day." 