ROCKHAMPTON. OUR files of Rockhampton papers are to the 14th instant. The following are from the Bulletin:—" The Hon. J. M. Thompson arrived from Gladstone, per Government steamer Mary, on Sunday evening. It was not the hon. gentle man's original intention to visit Bockhampton, but on reaching Gladstone, per Black Bwan, he received a> telegram from the Premier, requesting him to paj a frying visit to the " valley oi sin, sweat, and sorrow." Mr. Thompson is staying at the Criterion, and received a good many visitors yesterday morning. In the afternoon, accompanied by Messrs. Fyfe, M.L.A.; W. J. Brown, Sab-colleotor; Captain Hunter, and other gentlemen, he paid a visit to North Bockhampton. This morning he makes a trip up the rail tray line, and during the day it is his intention to visit the several public institutions. Mr. Thompson was yesterday invited by Mr. Wilbraham to visit Emu Park, but wu obliged to decline the invitation. It is much to be re gretted that Mr. Thompson, who visits ftoek hampton for the first time, has not a week at hu disposal, but we believe he is not unfavorably impressed with the reception accorded to him both at Rockhampton and the Northern Ports. If Mr. Walsh could find time for a Ministerial trip, he might convince the Northern people that he is not quite such X fire-eater as rumor declares. At the same time he would be con vinced of the deep-seated repugnance there is to his nominee road trusts scheme, and to the uni versal hopelessness which pervades the North of getting justice by any other means than Separation. A Hospital is being established at Tambo for the benefit of the residents of the Barcoo and Mitchell Districts. A committee of manage ment has been appointed, and Mr. Alfred Henry writes to Mr. Beddek, as secretary by order of the committee, asking for a copy of the rules of the Port Curtis and Leichh&rdt; Districts Hospital to afford a guide for the compilation of rules for the new institution. We are glad to tind that the Barcoo people are stirring in this matter, as the number of sick from the country continually ap plying for admission into the hospital i established in Bockhampton causes a i heavy drain upon its funds. It is gratifying ! to find that the Bockhampton Hospital is gradually obtaining a recognition of its claims. It has oeen the practice for country benohes of magistrates eren within the Bockhampton Police District, to remit drunkards' fines to the metropolitan hospital in Brisbane. The Yaamba Bench has lately forv.arded receipts of this I nature to the Bockhamptoii institution, and the secretary, Mr. Beddek, has just received from Mr. Edmund Morey, the new Police Magistrate ' at Banana, the sum of thirty-five shillings, being the amount of driiDkards' fines exacted in ! that district during the month of February. The drunkards' fines paid into the Kockhampron Police Court during the same period, did uot exceed fire shillings. In fact, this source of I hospital revenue is rapidly diminishing here. A telegram has just been received by Mr. ' Wiseman, P.M., stating that the Gtutenbur? immigrant ship will be due in Keppel Bay ou the 16th instant. The telegram adds that there are several coopers and tinsmith* on board, and that the immigrants are nearly all Danes and Scandinavians. It seems very remarkable that ' no intimation of the staling ot this vessel haj ' come to hand, and that even now the local immigration board are in total ignorance of her port of departure, and the number and des cription of her immigrants. There is surely culpable negligence somewhere in this matter. What on earth will these Danes and Scandi navians be fit for? The coopers and tin smiths will no doubt find work, and there was little need to supply information with regard to them.. Perhaps it is not presumptuous to hope that a good proportion of the GuteDburg's people are of the gentler sex. In the present dearth of domestic servants, who would not jump at a Scandinavian cook or a Danish nurse girl? Ignorance, f English might be a slight drawback to such •• helps," but there would be a grand deliverance from the nuisance of kitchen gossip and scandal. And as it would take such girls at least a twelvemonth to learn the lan guage, they would be likely to remain in their situations until the end of their engagement*. When it is proposed to import Polynesian girls for domestic service, there surely must be abun dant scope for the robust damsels of Denmark and Scandinavia. In a subsequent issue the Bui letin says:—« By the Brisbane mail Mr. Wise man, P.M., has received a little additional infor mation with reference to the Qutenburg. She left Hamburg on the 15th December, with a num ber of German immigrant*, concerning whom, however, no information has been received by the authorities at Brisbane. The captain v under orders to call at Port Curtis for instruc tions, which will be to proceed to Keppel Bay. The Gutenburg is now eighty-nine days out, and cannot be expeoted to make the passage under 100 days. We hear that the German immigrants who reached Maryborough per Reicbßtag, last week, are largely replacing the Polynesians in that district. It is alleged that the Polynesian laborer costs £16 a year, that the German immigrants can be hired for £20, and that the latter is therefore by far the cheaper laSor of the two. We mention this matter to enable up-country employera to make timely arrangements. The Gutenburg's immi grant* are not likely to be landed till the early part of April." J Mr. Dugald Little returned froai the Nor thern Ports per Tinonee, and expresses himself much gratified with the support his projected Steam Navigation Company has received at all the ports. Complaints are made of the dulness of the times; still 4000 to 5000 shares have been subscribed for independently of those ap plied for at Rockhampton. Mr. Little now goes southward to complete his arrangements, and has no doubt of the new Queensland Steam Navigation Company being a success. 