QUEENSLAND SLAVERY, The Aborigines Protection and Auti Slavery Societies could not nllow so admirable an \- --.opportunity. to„ slip. .ns. that of J.ord,.Non- .mamby Laying, for Que.ensjand, for_.another display ot their" Joohsb ftud meddling policy. They wftit.ed-upon lrisiLordship at tbe Rooms of the Social Science Association, nnd'hd- . dreBBes.' from... thertivo Societies 'were, rend respectively by Mr, P. "WV.Chesson and the Rev. T. Phillips. Their addresses, says the \- Home News; inveighed against tho slave-trnd- ' ' ing. practices wliicli had1 long , ravaged ithe ' IsTands of1 the Pacific, and urged upon! his j , -jiDddbip.,.he /.iiWeriiitiyo ."duty of abolishing the frade/or of placing it , under, Btringeut' regulations. That. is. to any, the addressee inveighed against what never existed ; and as Dethen told Ohahi.es IT., that it w,as easier '' , to 'succeed in writing fiction' than fact, we lia've no hesitation in assuming ' that the ad dresses were masterpieces 'of -construction ; full of terrible instances :of unfortunates be- ' ing torn from' their hornets ; of uplifted hands and tearful eyes j ".chains and slavery,!', and many otlicr touching incidents, which appeal , so: powerfully to the feelings of the kindly 11 hearted; and drive ramping thad those modern Belleeophons who are fighting against a 7.:; Chimera, as labtjloua ns that, which the poets " tell hb sprung "from Eoiubna and Ttphojt. It was stated by these Quixotic gentlemen T/.l! that' last -year no fewer than 100' cargoes of these unfortunnto islanders were taken from their homes by means which degrndol the ' traffic to the i level of a -slave, trade, How shtkipg-rbut how untrue. AVho furnishes . '.®H? gflirMed, and false iufoyination; , to the .. Society ?. JTot.Queenslaad— not the isjand- era thesiselyesrTnot those who Ipok op. : witli . , impartial eyee— hut the missionaries who em ploy the natives tP till their ground for tbera ; . ; phop their wood; clean their bouses j purso their babies, and pprfoym every kind of out- . .door apd .cfomestic work. nt the cost price of a greiit papy prayera. blessltigB, end preachings, accompapied by o very few halfpence. Those, y missionaries Lave no idea of allowing their slaves to sl<p through their fingers vitTiout a , struggle j they cannot allow theifr cotton- fields ;."j to gp,.t.o rnip; they are quite as »Pjiofi8 to 2 , .have cheap labor as the Queenslandem ) and they are fabricating stories and spreading reports, yvhjichjf silted to the bottom, "would i'";'he fouhd;tb be as ' veracious as thp!t))ousand gndone tales of the ''Arabian Nights." iLoi-d JTojtMANpy \y»s informed that " veBselsj bear ing the Commission of Queensland, j have bought natiyes exactly as they ivould buy any other commodities, and have been in consequence involved in disputes in which many lives have been sacrificed." The first charge is utterly false, and we defy those, who make it to provo their words ; with regard to the second, if any lives have boen'lost, wo can Bnfoly assort, and are prepared with tho necessary proof, that the -missionaries them selves wore tho active cause. ' They have dotio everything in their power to irritato the island ers against Europeans ; they have even urged them to oppose their, landing- with arms in .their hands, had have caused the natives to firo upon crews when a'ppronching tho shore, and have gono to lengths similar to those which made, tho church militant so famous, - or rather infamous in days gone by. Mr. Sturqe said he considered Queensland was the best field in which the experiment of con ducting labor by Europeans, with the"- assist- anco of natives, could bo tried,, but thd trial . must be mad o under a' just and beneficent- Government. Mr. Stuege gives.au opinion upon a subject of every, detail of which ho is profoundly 'iguoraiit. Euro) cans dwelling in Queensland are tho best judges whether". thoy. are physically able or willing to cultivate tror picul productions or not-. It liiis boon fouud ' by -.experience that; tho whites shrink from employment in tho cotton-fiolcls and 'sugar plnntations j they cannot, in the first place, stand the heat j in the second -pTaco;- tlicy ; have an insuperablo objection to' that style of labor which has heretofore.: been ..carried, on entirely by blacks,., and thirdjy, tliey can not enrn nsrhuclv mbney. by it, as they' can by following 'those pursuits 'whicU are more congeninl'to 'their -tastes and habits. Again, it is reduced- to a certainty tliat sugar planters cannot ' nlFori to pay wit ite labor ; if the Polynesian immigration bd arrcatoc!, they must withdraw .their capital .-from, the, plantations, invest it in other whys, 'nn'd thus 'destroy at' o'neo one'' of the most flourishing; and" promising.1' of -'our ' industries.'.1 -Ecen -tb this we should not object if- there were but a taint of slavory pxisting j-jif itKCould .-be- Bhown to our satisfaction that, the, slight est" coercion was used ; if it eotild'be'provbri that men were bought 'hn'djscildj like. balcs of'cot- ,.tou,j if.jt could be de.nonstrated that 'tliey' were ill-treated, or did not enjoy the same privileges as their.' -white; brethren, then,' we should say, and unhesitatingly,' rather lot every cnuo rot upon tho ground, and every . cotton plant wither up, .than such injustice . BUouldCbxist;.' .BuMvliat arc; tho. facts ?J !The- islnttders leave their houies under agreements, which they pbrfoetlyfu'ildei'Stand,! aud : w.hie.h/ they take very good care to "have carried out to the letter. They prosper when they are" here, an'il tiyheu-jthey returlv-homo .:at.-the. ;ex-; pirntiou of 'tlibir'ngreetnehts, -tijey almost' 'in variably come back again, bringing witltbepa. their friends and relations. Thesb'are' facts which cannot be contradicted; they are; as, » patent; as; that-tho .tales of, the missionaries are false, and 'if Mr. StrtmdE arid hWfHeiids' doubt wliat we say, aud if thoy are so exceed- innlir nwrlani'. in I llA AftllQA f.llflV Mil rOfldllV settle tlib question! even 'tovtltoir satisfaction - by taking atrip to Queeushiud, . whero they - will be heartily welcomed, and, where tliey may let off a great deal of their enthusiasm by preaching to.tho heathen in, the, bush, whore their toozy-moozy will soon ovnporate., _Mr., : BuxTOirurged the employ inent of Government 'Ag'enf si1 whose ' business it 'should, be" to-, see' tliat the nati'ves -'were -not'' exported against; their will, and that tliejj. wore, nqF'Btihjooted .to, cruelty in,.tranB.itV,'hs .''WM;'t'hp('t''nbw.<' Here 'again wo havb'ariotlier: proof 'ofa'tveH'" :meaning;gentlemon talkjpg upon.a subject of, which he evidently knows nothing. Ho re- coinmeildsi;t!iab;a I course. ;bo..:pursued,; w.hich- Itns been adopted for some time past.- Go vernment Agents are employed ; tliey accom pany every vcsself; 'they are bye-witnesses "of every transaction j tliey see the agreements, made arid explain them ; tliey take' bare tliat: no cruelty oxists on ..the voynge,, and exercise a surveillance which prevents entirely any advantage being taken of the islanders. When tliey arrive in Queensland, the same care is taken, nnd we find the interests of these islanders list watched; over most care fully, and greater attention paid to their welfare than to that of -Europbaus.-; -Mr.' Eastwick quoted ja;lqtter from a missionary, in which the writer, speaking 'from' personal observatibriifdeposeil to-jthej' employment rdf- fraud and violence, in. the trade in Pulynesian laborers. No do'uht the 'letter was 'perfectly genuine, but was the information ib/contained true ?c. We.Bay .it .was. not ; the missionaries aro 'riot' worthy Of Lelief;- they tire too mucli- interested' to' shame the Devil ;-.:aud : if. i they were honest, even in their intentions, .surely the hundreds of witnesBos who aro "prepared to swear." that all the allegations made are, utterly false, are as well worthy of credit as are the one-Bided and partiul missionaries, although tliey are laboring in the vineyard of the Loud, of course without pay. Mr. "TAXEori said lie had i-'ecbived evidence that some oiyth'e islands "Lad been; depopulated. Very- likely.jiwe/dbu't, deny th'it .:s'bme of the islands are almost entirely deserted by, the .aborigines. ,, But what does this prove F It proves "beorifl "all' dbiilit" that'the' "islanders ' are so contented with their lots in Queens- laud, that they do not return ! home,- wliich they can do if they please, at the end of the ' term of ' their agreements. Mr. Oiiesson called ' Ills'! Lordshipls attention/ tn the tact that there was no department in Queens land for the protection of the1' aborigines:' And why ? Because there ib no , qccasipn-for such departments ; every Magistrate lit the colony is ex offloio a protector of the aborigi nes:'; every Magistrate is also a :protector,of the South' Sea Islanders, 'but ' it has been rare indeed that Magistrates' have been appealed to, and for very efficient reasons.; the men aro too valuable to be ill-treated by their" employers, and are too well off to make groundless complaints, - When, the, Bench has been applied, to, marked care hits been taken to .sift: the matter thoroughly, and heavy punishment' has followed upon con viction. The islanders are iq fact under the Masters and Servants Act, and enjoy' pre cisely the same privileges, and are protected to the same extent, as Europeans. What more do Messrs. Stuuge and Go, -require P. Dp they wish us to invite the black gentry to dipner immediately upon their arrival,: and usher them hat in Laud to tho scenes of their labors. The Marquis of Noemanhy however ma do no rash promises ; it is clear to us that his Lordship entertains no higher opinibu-bf the efiorts of the Society than we do, and his yeply — that the matter should receive his' yery beBt';otteritiou? is quite as satisfactory to ps as it was to the deputation— because we pourt enquiry, and- are willing.-that every thing conppptpd with', this most, important subject should bo bared to the eyes' of the world. Hi'b Lordship does not think that it will be possible to 'abolish totally Polynesian labor, and bis Lordship is quite right— it is one of our institutions,, ana has become so twined in, with tho interests of tho colony, that it will b6 useless to attempt to drag it out. The antagonism of the working classes to this immigration is gradually cooling down, as it is found that skilled labor still commands high rates of remuneration, and tliat the slight docroaso which has taken place in tho wages of farm and other agricultural laborers, has been caused by the introduction of the German and Danish element. Ab a proof of the value of tho South Sea Islnndor, there tiro many scores of them- asking and obtain iug 10a. to I5s. a week, and their hoard, while so far ns thoir moral conduct is concerned;, they aro inoduls which many Europeans' might imitate with benefit to thomsolves and to society. . , . , . 