Current News. A SUPPLEMENT to the Government Gazette was issued on Nov. 16, containing a circular despatch from the Secretary of the Colonies, to the effect that "with a view to give a distinct recognition of the position of the Colonial Forces as a portion of the Military Forces of the Empire, it is proposed in future to insert in the army list the names of all officers of Colonial Militia and Volunteers," and giving directions how and by whom lists of colonial officers are to be prepared and cent. Also another despatch containing the regulations for examinations for the Civil Service of India; and a third despatch and the copy of an Order in Council directing that ships on board of which any person has been attacked by cholera during the voyage, shall not enter any port or place in the United Kingdom until the clothes and bedding of such person shall have been destroyed. Hib Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, accompanied by his Aide-de- oamp, Mr. Gray, Immigration Agent, and Mr. G. Raff, paid a visit of inspection to the achooner Lyttona, on Wednesday. The Governor remained for some time on board, and made many inquiries re specting the South Sea Islanders, the meana of obtaining them, their treatment, accommodation, kc He also held a conversation with those natives on board who could apeak more or lesa English. The result of the Vice-regal inspection appeared to be highly satisfactory. The steady inereaae in the attendance of children at the Primary Schoola throughout the colony is very gratifying, and it is to be hoped that it will continue in the same proportion. The daily average attendance during 1870 waa 7723, and there haa been a considerable increase during each of the three paat quarters of thia year. During the first quarter the average daily attendance waa 8846 ; and in the second, it was 9077 ; and in the third, 9700. The difference, therefore, between the averago attendance last year, and that of the third quarter of the pre sent year is an increase of almost 2000. The total number of children on the rolls at the end of last quarter was 14,467. As will be remembered by most of our readers, a testimonial was got up for Captain Mil man after he left the A.S.N. Co.'s service. Mr. Milman started for England before the testimo nial could be presented, and it was therefore forwarded to London. Last mail Mr. Quinlan received a letter from him on the subject, of which the following is an extract :—" On my arrival at London I received, through Messrs. Devitt and Moore, your kind letter, with the enclosed testimonial and bank draft in my favor. May I therefore beg you will be pleased to con vey to those gentlemen who have contributed so liberally towards the testimonial my most grate ful thanks for Buch an unlookrj for evidence ol their esteem for me pereonuiir, and that I pur pose putting the amount to some lasting remem brance of them." A supplement to the Government Gazette was published yesterday, calling for tenders for contracts for provisions and other etore» for the Government establishments at the following places : —Brisbane, Lunatic Asylum at Wooga roo, Penal Establishment at St. Helena, Bene volent Asylum at Dunwich, Ipßwich, Warwick, Dalby, Maryborough, Gympie, Toowoomba, Gladstone, Rockhampton. It waa evidently expected that Tuesday last I would be a grand field-day in the Legislative j Assembly. Soon after the House met there was a larger number of persons in the strangers' : gallery than is usual in tbe afternoon. After j the adjournment at 6 o'clock there was a dense crowd in every part of the House open to the ; public. Even the ladies' gallery was filled and ' overflowed into the Parliamentary shorthand reporters' gallery. In the Speaker's gallery ! every bit of standing room was occupied, and a very considerable number were unable to gain admission. The strangers' gallery, the stairs leading to it, and even tbe approach to the stairs, were also crowded. The Rev. M. M'Gavin announces a second lecture on the " Poetry and Songs of Scotland," to be delivered in the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening next, under the auspices of tbe Caledonian Society. We have to notice the death of John M'Rae, Esq., late of Ose, Isle of Skye. Mr. M'Rae was connected with one of the oldest families in Skye, where he was for many years a prosperous sheep farmer. In his native place he was widely known by a large circle of friends and universally respected, and his death will be there greatly regretted. Circumstances com pelled him to remove to this colony, where he haa been aettled for some years, and where he leaves a large family to mourn their loss. It is unnecessary to publish the many letters we receive complaining of the fluid supplied from the Brisbane waterworks being more odorous than is desirable; for the fact is patent to all c racerned. Some years ago it was com plained that the water had a flavor of brim stone, but nothing more was heard of the com plaint after a gentleman, who now holds, from his political position, a high standing at the Queensland Bar, was prohibited from bathing in the Enoggera reservoir. The present fault found with the water is that it " hath a most ancient and fish-like smell." It was at first thought that this must have arisen from the fish which Mr. Bjarnays, in hia zeal for the cause of acclimatiaation, placed in the reaervoir, having got into the pipoa and there met an untimely end; but it has been explained that his fish were too well bred to do anything of the kind, and the intruders who came to grief and de composition in the water-mains were common colonial cat-fish. Whatever they may be, they create a most pestilent stench, injurious to the comfort of the citizens and the cause of teetotalism. The case in the Police Court, yesterday, " Charles Le Gestin v. Captain Whish," ought to put a stop to a most inconvenient practice which has obtained here of men leaving their masters, and masters discharging their men, without notice. In the old country a servant engaged at so much per week wages is by that very fact entitled to " a week's wages or a week's warning," except for gross misconduct, and the master, in like manner, is entitled to a week's warning or week's wages if the aervant .wants to leave. So well eatabliahed ia this rule that it has become part of the common law, and nobody ever tbinka of disputing it, whether the terms are mentioned at the time of entering upon tbe service or not. In some trades there are trade customs for a fortnight or a month's notice on either side before the service can terminate, and all that ia necessary to enforce it in a court of law ia to prove the custom of the trade. In Queensland this very wholesome and equitable custom has ! not been so well observed as it ought to he, and Captain Whiah did a public service by having the question tried on its merits. The Police Magistrate decided very justly that a servant engaged at weekly wages was bound to give a week's notice before leaving, and by the same rule a master is bound to give a servant so en gaged a week's notice before discharging him, unless he can prove misconduct on the part of the servant to gross as not to entitle him to such notice. Anotheb newspaper libel case, but this time a criminal prosecution, has been commenced at Toowoomba. Mr. C. F. Calder was charged at the Police Court on November 10, with writing and causing to be published in the Toowoomba Chronicle, a certain false, scandalous, and mali cious libel, reflecting on the character of Mr. T. P. Haslam, Town Clerk of Drayton and District Registrar of Drayton aud Toowoomba. The proprietor of that journal surrendered tho letter, and gave evidence as to the handwriting. The defendant was committed for trial at the Assizes to be held in January. The managing committee of the Protestant Church of Ireland Benefit Society presented their first annual report to the members on the 10th inatant. From it we find that the number of members admitted during the year waa 31 full-paying members and one honorary member. There are 21 members' wives registered, and 56 children. The total income for the year was £38 14s. 6d.; expenditure, £16 Is. lOd.; leaving a balance to the credit of the society of £22 12s. Bd. The society is steadily in creasing in numbers, with every prospeot of ■access. The following members were elected officers for the next twelve months:—President, J. H. Trimble; vice-president, A. M'Kenzie; treasurer, J. Mills; secretary, H. G. Phil lips; trustees, T. V. Dudgeon, H. Holmes, T. Moore; auditors, J. Abernethy, F. Hutch inson ,- stewards, D. Waddell, J, Livingstone, B. Gillespie, J. Ellis. The late dramatic performance by the mem bers of the Ipswich Elocution Class, at the Victoria Hall, in aid of the funds of the Bris bane Hospital, was not a success in a pecuniary point of view, but on the contrary a complete , failure. The Secretary haa furnished us with tbe balance-sheet, from which it appears that the receipts amounted to £29 175., and the ex penses £31 173. 9d., showing a deficiency of £2 Oi. 9d. The only expenses incurred which would not have been necessary if the performers resided in Brisbane were the fares of the mem bers of the class who took part in the entertain ment, and their board and residence for the time they remained in Brisbane, which in no instance ! exceeded twenty-four hours. The tickets sold ' by Mr. Slater amounted to £14 165., by the '■ ccrctur:es £2 25., by the Secretary and Com- ! mittee of the Hospital 35., and £12 16s. was i taken at the doors. j It will probably be in the recollection of some i of our readers that during the recent session of i the Synod of the Church of England in this j colony, a canon was passed to provide for and ' rejulute the appointment of clergymen to ' pur: -hce. The mode adopted consists of a pre- I sen at ion board of six members, one-half of ! whom were elected by the Synod, and the other ■ half by the several parishes. The first election | ot paroehul representatives took place at Allora, on Monday, the 6th instant, when Messrs. C. I H. Green, of Goomburra, S. Gordon, of Allora, and A. Giilam, of Spring Creek, were chosen for the town and district of Allora. We under stand that meetings for a similar purpose will be held sometime thia month in each of the other pariahes in the diocese. Fbom the summary of meteorological obser vations taken at Brisbane during the last month by the Government Meteorological Observer (Mr. E. Mac Donnell), we learn that the weather wascoolerthanusnalduringthemonth; themean : shade temperature, 685 degs., being 22 degs. under the average of the previous nine years. The highest reading in the shade, 89 0 degs., was on the 13th ; the lowest on grass, 41*0 degs., was ! on the night of the 2nd. The mean barometric \ readings were about the average of the moath ; j the highest, 30 365, was at 9 a.m. on the 18th, ! and the lowest, 29502, at 3 p.m. on the6th. j Rain (which varies mucn in quantity during this month) fell on 14 days; and, with the exception of the 26th, on each of the last ten days of the month ; the total fall, 3-17 inches, being Oil inch over the average; the maximum ! fall during 24 hours, 095 inch, was on the sth. i The usual weekly meeting of the Articled Clerks Society wa9 held in the Supreme Court Chambers, on Nov. 13. Mr. Bowker presided, and the following question was argued : —" A servant's wages are payable quarterly, and have been paid ap to Lady Day. Between Lady Day and midsummer, namely, on the Ist May, the servant misconducts himself, and for such misconduct is turned away by his master with out warning. Is the servant entitled, pro rata, to wages from Lady Day to May ?" Mr. ' raw ford argued in the affirmative, and Mr. Elliott in the negative. The chairman ruled in the negative. We understand that a crowded meeting of the ratepayers of Toowoomba was held at the Town Hall, Toowoomba, on Wednesday even ing, to consider the action of the Municipal Council of that town in forwarding a petition for a grant of money for the drainage of the swamps to the Hon. B. Ramsay, in the place of the member for the district (Mr. Groom). Resolu tions condemnatory of the action of the Muni cipal Council were carried almost unanimously; and an amendment in favor of the Hon. R. Ramsay was proposed by Mr. Wood, but failed for want of a seconder. The local feeling seems to be against the Council, and in favor of a petition for a grant of money being forwarded through the member for the district, aud not through the member of another constituency. We notice by our advertising columns that an important change will take place at the com mencement of the new year in the oldest stock and station agents in Victoria—we refer to Messrs. Hepburn and Leonard, of Ballarat, and Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co., of Mel bourne. The firm of Messrs. Dalmahoy Camp bell and Co , it appears, will expire by effluxion of time on the 31st December, the present partners of which are Mr. Richard Gibson and Mrs. Dalmahoy Campbell. The latter, in con junction with Messsrs. Hepburn and Leonard, join their interests in the metropolis under the name and style of " Mrs. Dalmahoy Campbell, Hepburn, and Co.;" the old firm in Ballarat— Hepburn and Leonard—remaining as heretofore. A bbmahkably fine sample of red bearded wheat has been left at our {Queensland limes) office by Mr. Michael Ryan, of Redbank Plains, who has obtained an excellent crop, of upwards of two acres, on his farm. The seed, he informs us, he obtained from Mrs. Garvey, near Too woomba, and he says that, thongh here and there an odd stalk of ordinary wheat which came up amongst the other was affected with either blight or rust, none of the bearded kind was even touched. This having been the case in every instance that has come to our know ledge, we would strongly recommend farmers who intend to cultivate this cereal next year to provide themselves with some of the seed that has been grown in the district this season, and not to risk sowing any other kind than the red bearded, which has been found to answer so well. At the late Maryborough Assizes John Penn was charged with the murder of Henry Cleary. The trial occupied three days, and it was not until 11 o'clock at night that the jury, who had been locked up for twelve hours, agreed to a verdict of manslaughter. Mr. M'Devitt ap- peared for the prisoner. The occurrence took place at the Robin Hood Hotel, on the Gayn- dah-road, on the 2nd of February last. The deceased, with an aboriginal servant, rode up to the house and called for drinks. The black boy struck another man who was present, and Cleary and Penn appear to have quarrelled, and fought over the affair. Penn then went outside, loaded a gun, and a shot was heard. He returned to the house stating that Cleary had thrown a stone at him by which his gun went off, and deceased was accidentally shot. Cleary's horse galloped off with his master, who sometime after was found lying near the road with a gun-shot wound in the shoulder. Mortification set in, and it was considered necessary by the two medical men who attended the deceased to cut off the arm at the socket; but he died imme- diately after the operation. The Chief Justice sentenced the prisoner to twenty years' penal servitude. The Wide Bay and Burnett News, of November 11, has the following sensible re marks:—"The Police Magistrate, yesterday, adjudicating in company with Mr. Southerden, upon a case of absconding from hired service, made a somewhat singular assertion—that no person had a legal right to hire a aervant with out a proper discharge from hia former em* ployer. If thia be the law, and Mr. Fairoloth is in a position which ought to imply a know ledge of the law on hia part, it ia not at all generally known, nor would it be easy to en force. We think, however, taking all things into consideration, that a digest of the laws of Queensland, edited by our much-respected Police Magistrate, would be useful to thiß com munity, and would afford some instructive, at all events some novel reading. While on thia subject, we would wish to suggest that if copies I of the Masters and Servants Act in the English, ' German, and Danish languages were supplied ! to the immigration depots, they might save a j great deal of expense to the country. A book I printed in the Danish language could be read , by alt the Scandinavian immigrants, and these, '■ with the German and English, compose the I bulk of our new arrivals. The foreigners, at ' | all events, can all read, and if they can be made to understand clearly their position, would not give co much trouble." A wash composed of lime, salt;" and fine sand or woo 1-a-bes, put on in the ordinary way of j whitewash, according to an American journal, ' renders a shingle rosf fifty-fold more safe i against firo from falling cinders, in case of fire in the vicinity. It pays the expenses a hundred- j fold in its preserving influence against the effect of the weather; the oldi-ratid rr.oro weather- beaten the shindies, the more benefit derived. Such ; shingles are ge> erally more or less warped, j rousjh, and cracked. The application of wash, j by washing the upper surface, restores them to ; their original or firm lorrn, thereby closing the ; space between the shingles, and tbe lime and sand, by filling up the cracks, prevent it warp ing. By the addition of a small quantity of | lampblack, the wash may be made of tho same color as old shingles, and thus the offensive ' glare of a whitewa-bed roof may be avoided. j " -Tixgo," in his " paper on gold-mining," in the Gympie limes of •■ aturday last, says : —" In I prospect iv abandoned claims b-ware of roguery ; sumtiines gold is introdused into the dish bislite of hand so us to make a good prospect. Smokin shud be strictly prohibyte.i, as men have ben ! found so abindotied as to put specs of the ; preshus metal in thiir pips, and nok the ashes ; into the dish. '1 his is an artful decepshun wich tbe looker on is not likely to smoke. As a j general rool 1 specimen cant cum out of 2 differ- I ent clames, but in the hands of a man without principul there is no saying where it cums from. I thro out the hints for the benefit of the new chum." Molasses (says the Maryborough Chronicle) are now ao abundant that some of the sugar factories, not provided with distilling apparatus, are giving them away to all comers, and in aome instances, we believe, casks-full of them have been started into the river merely to save store room. In addition to various minor uses which will suggest themselves to every housekeeper, it is not, perhaps, generally known that molasaee, in combination with slaked lime, make a cement auperior in tenacity and durability to every other kind. With the admixture of Band and other coarse material, in addition to the lime* they are employed in making floors, barbecue*, and flat roofs, impervious to rain, and never liable to crack. Their value for these purposes is fully appreciated in Eastern countries:, although the comparatively high price of th© material there prohibits its use for all but the most costly edifices. The Bockhampton Bulletin of November 11 says : —" We regret to have to report the low of the Barcoo mail due here on Thuraday week, and aleo tbe fact that the mailman is missing. On Thuraday evening a report waa received at the Rockhampton office from the postmaster at Springsure to the' effect that the mailman, who left Tambo with the Rockhampton maila oa October 28, had not reached Springsure up to Monday last, the 6th inßtant. From the report of the Tambo postmaster, it appears that tho mailman left Tambo with the bags at 6 a.m. on the 28th ultimo. He reached the Nive publio houee the same day, changed horses there, and went on. Up to November 4 he had uot been heard of at Tambo, although search parties had been sent out, and there is too much reaaon to fear that he has been killed by a fall from hia horse. The Rockhampton mail due at Tambo on November 2 had not reached there on the 4th, probably owing to the disappearance of the mailman." The Secretary of the Brisbane Hospital desires to acknowledge the receipt of £1 la., a witness' fee in the case of Lilley v. Cowton and Another. The Mount Perry Copper Company's section ia proving rich beyond all expectation. Our {Maryborough Chronicle) correspondent in forms us in to-day's issue of a third lode having been discovered parallel with the two other known lodes. The mine was considered a fine property when the only mineral known in it waa that which might be contained in the first lode. There are several other copper selections in the Mount Perry and Moolboolaman district having surface developments equal, or superior, to the original discovery, and, in a few years, this part of the colony may be reasonably expected to become the most densely populated and pro gressive portion of it. A poob German, indebted to the Queensland Government for hia passage to Australia, wm found dead in a Sydney boarding-house on Sun day, the 29 th ultimo. It appeared from tbe evidence that the man arrived in Sydney about five weeke ago, that be waa very muoh cut up at not being able to get employment, and, un able to bear up against hia misfortunes, com mitted suicide by hanging himself either on Saturday night or early on Sunday morning, — Maryborough Chronicle. The Peak Downs Telegram of November 4 says :—" The Springsure district has been visited with some fine rains. A good spring is now visible in the grass all over the country, though the immediate neighborhood of the town has been most favored. On Monday night there was a heavy storm there, which brought the creek down, but it did not reach far in a northerly direction. More rain would do muoh good on the stations." Discontent with the policy of the preaent Government of New Zealand (says a contem porary) appears to be spreading. They are considered recklessly extravagant in their ex penditure and propoaitions. An Opposition has at last been organised in Parliament, at the head of which is Mr. Stafford. The Province of Can terbury appears to be particularly diasatiafled with the existing atate cf things. The Press there is vigorously opposing the Government, and at a recent largely-attended public meeting Dr. Turnbull, an influential resident, moved, and the Provincial Secretary seconded, the fol lowing resolution, which was carried :—"That in the opinion of this meeting the colonisation of the country cannot be successfully conducted either by the General or Provincial Govern ments as at present constituted; and it is expe dient that the Colonial and Provincial Govern ments throughout the colony be abolished, and a representative body, with defined independent powers, established in each Island; such repre sentative body to have the sole power of control ing and conducting within the Island it repre sents the Departments of Land and Works and Immigration, and of appropriating or applying any revenue or land other than the consolidated revenue, as define i by the Publio Revenues Act; and that a Federal Government be established, limited to the legislation and control of Federal concerns." You cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear (says the Australasian) ; and it is equally impossible to manufacture a atateaman out of a small colonial shop-keeper. You may scrub, you may whitewash the man if job will, But the taint of the counter will hang round bim atilL Mr. Berry,* ia a case in point. He haa never ' been able to " break hia birth'a invidious bar." Aa you listen to him in the Assembly, yea. seem to hear the village chandler, leaning over the hatch door of hia shop, and diking Little Peddlington politics to hia neigh bora, flavoring it all with a dash of scandal. " Ah, Mrs. Snuffkins, Mrs. Snaffkins, what I sez ia this, —them baokers is all a lot of rogues, and things will never be aa they ought to be until we 'at our rights wad the people is huppermoat." Whereto Mrs. Snaffkins makes reply, "You never said a truer word than that 'ere, Mister Berry, und I should like to ace the like 'o you in Parna ment, amaziu'." Mra. Snuffkins haa witnesaed the fulfilment of her aspirations, and the result is truly " amazin'." Mr. Berry still talks suburban scandal. He charges the aaaso ciated banks with dishonesty, and when called upon for an explanation, he rejoins that what he meant to say waa, that they had acted un faithfully. Be is reminded, in reply, that the two words convey the 6ame meauing, and is bluntly told tbat his statements are unfounded. In plain English, the representatives of the as sociated banks stigmatize the Treasurer by an epithet which Sam Foote chose as the title of one of his comedies. This was on the 22nd of September last, more than a month ago, and the wholo of the correspondence between Mr. Berry und the bauks was laid upon the table of tho Assembly on the 2Gth ultimo. It contains, however, nothing whatever to show that the Treasurer has rebutted, or even attempted to rebut, the very grave imputation under which he now lies, of having uttered " unfounded stutements." Jonah will have to be flung over board, we believe. 