LAUNOESTON EXAM IN:E R. TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1871. As if to make up for the want of punctuality; last month, the mails due this month have arrived-at least at Adelaide-several days in advance of contract time. Of course, all interest centres on France, and it is a matter of deep: regret to note that thes situation in that 'un happy country remains almost unchanged. The city of Paris is still held by, the insurgents in spite of the attempts of the Y?rsailles army to compel their capitulation, and the Germans still contin?o' in sight of it, ready: for action immediately the word is given. A' fearful thing it is thus to behold a people engaged in civil war, and especially a people in the condition of the French, with -the wounds of the German invasion not yet closed, The worst enemies of France-worse, by far, than ever the Germans were-are the inhabitants of Paris themselves, or rather the rabble of Paris, who have instigated this frightful .civil war at the very mo ment when France , needs the cordial union and co-operation of all her people to enable her to make headway against' the sea of troubles into which she was plunged by the unwarrantable declaration of war with Prussia. The situation is very aptly figured in a late cartoon in CCharivari, which repre sents France as prostrate on the ground, with two Frenchmen fighting by her side.. " Pick me up first of all," exclaims, she, "and then you can quarrel afterwards." "Th inhabitants of the ill-fated city are rehearsing: over again all the horrors of a siege-- ilood shed, starvation, disease, and slow, torturing death-and with a more hopeless prospect than the :former defenders of Paris; whilst the city which underwent without much. injury the bombardment of the Prbs sians is in danger of having the finest portions of it laid waste and in ashes by Frenchmen besieging French non Paris, the pride and yet the bane of France, now takes up arms against her own, and fills to the brim the cup of misery. And however undesirable it may be for the Germans to interfere with the internal government of the country, they will be compelled to do so if these frightful anarchical doings be much longer continued. Things cannot go on thus much longer. In some way or other law and order must be restored. It is dilflcult to see far ahead in' the midst of such confusion, but it is by no means im probable that these disturbances may open a way for the restoration of Napoleon III. not withstanding the mistakes of his policy and the disasters of the war. Supported by Ger. man bayonets, and by the large armies which were taken captive in the early part of the war, he may yet regain his lost position-and keep it too. Of one thing there is no doubt, namely, that whatever Government comes into power, must hbe one that will rest upon a physical force basis, or', it will ,not , stard.. , History; has already abundantly demonstrated this.: And, after all, Napoleon, is perhaps the man' best qualified to maintain a? position so sur rounded, with danger as that of '` ruler of France. The news by this mail does: not, as we have said, show much change: in the position of affairs. ' All attempts 'to conciliate' thie insurgents have failed-indeed it was absurd and useless to attempt such means with mrhe like athem, Reasoning 'is 'utterly thrown away upon them. Their 'cause, however, is said to have become critical. They have sustained heavy losses,'and, as might be expected, dissensions among the communal leaders have weakened their,a~ithority. Pro' visions are also failing.,~' eanwhile the Ver sailles army, 150,000 strong, is . gradually occupying the northern suburbs of Paris. We can only hope' that this state tf things may speedily put an end to these disturbances, and that France may soon be at peace once more, both within and without. Turning to home matters, we find that the now Budget is ''exceedingly unpopular, and ..that the, people. of ,England have ' been signifying , in very,:, un, mistakeable ' modes, their aversion::to in. creased 'taxation. They have ltasted the sweets of reduced taxation' and they halve a very decided objection to the least a'pproach of a return to the old state of affairse. "These demonstrations have had the effect of irdui cing Ministers to prbmise' that the moroeob noxious features of the financial" scheme ]lall be amended, and they will be the better ablo to fulfil this promise .seeing:; that the revenue returns have yielded ?. ore than was iaiticipated, and, poly leave half a million instead of onoe? million deficit to be provided for. It is worth7 if note 'that on' divisions the Goveiznment majorities aire not large, thereby confiraming the report that the ..Gladstonte' 'hi' stry is losing ground. mAotion for the die estab l ihmentfr"'h Se Church of Enghindf has been rejcted by. 374 votes to 80. Narly from the House on tiis division; but still the figures show` that ' there is at present. an overwhelming "njority a against such a proposal. Time, how. ever, works wonders. The Woman Suf- e frogo Bill shared a similar fate, though in this instance the majority was considerably s smaller. Coming to social topics, we observe 1 that the great International Exhibition has beoon opened, and that tlio news of the safoty'of Dr. Livingstone, the great African explorer, lias been confirmed. Fresh disturbances have evidently broken out in Ireland, for' the Haeas COpri?.s AotL.hsn;,beonstisponded in the county of Westmeath. It issatisfactory to know that the Alabama question is: in a fair way, of solution. + Thel American Government have signed a treaty riipointlnb'g finale arbitrators to" decide the Alabama claims, with power to take evi. deuce. This .is, tobo bindding on both Governmmots. ,. The foreign news is scanty.. Immense floods havo occurred in Amirsica in the States of Miaisisippi and Louisiana, caiusing groat ,destruction of property.. Some differences have arisen between Denmark and Prussia relative to "immigrants from Schleswig to Demark being called to military duty in the army." Our telegram does not state whether in the Danish or Prussian army, but in all probability the former is roferred to, for even should the Prussian Government con- template such an injustice Denmark would scarcely dare to remonstrate. We " do not - suppose, ''hboweve, any, thing' very seridous will, come out of these; Thlie Sltan .f Turkey and the KXhedive hu?e settled.theoi little quprrol amicably.. Boyond these items: there. is little, else worthy 'of remark. ' .... The news of the totalloess of tlioe spliedid new steamer the Queen of ~he Teanes, ot'e ir return maiden voyage from Melbourne to London, wilt throw: at ~least a partial gloom over many persons in: Australia, and' over 1some too in .Tasmania (several well- known residents .of Lannceston, with their families, having been passengers by thoe ill-fated vessel), for though our telegram states that all the passdigers' were" saved; still, rdlatives and friends at a distance cannot but feel anxious until assured of.their heallt andl satety, after. the exposure and 'privations to which tho? probably had to sullmit. The further, advance in wool, and tlhe larger sales on account of the renewal of Con tinental competition, will be welcomed 'by sheepownors in these colonies. We observe, however, that wheat; which, .'haccording to the t latest advices by tlhe 'prOious, mail, had risen,; lias receded, though our telegram does not say to what extent. : Sv r Michael O'Biri, wio last week was r sentenced to two years' imprisonment for,, o malioiosaly smashing' tbirty-sovon panes of . glass in Dr. Miller's house, is not a lunasto be is a conflrnrld' criiminal, 'and the safety of sooioety requires that bho, should be treated be S'sinuch. The lehaind :Judge, in sentencing him, Is read over the long array 'of offtnoes recorded d against him since his arrival in this colony, 'and correctly enough designated his character as desperate. ' It is really too bhad that such it unmitigated rascals should be permitted to prey on 'the community. O'Brien's- police a character disclosed the' following faots." He was tried in Ireland on 6th March?' 1845, on a charge 'of mirder, 'but was foned guilty of manslaughter, and during that year was transported to this' colony. .How he hasecon Ii duited himself "here may be' inferredi from e the following record : d Oct. 26,ld47'-,At'Flsgal, fouar ddsys' solihts a" .? :conflAemeotiort ;isrkig away S with rations. SJan. 28, 1852--Dlotidience, tbreo moaths bard labor. Feb; 5, 1853 -At 'oserf ilown,' oi after hours, two mo-Nth. ".;. y ,- 14, .-i-elghl?ng Insanlty and behavig is aso oetregeusn maonner, inoe t"' ;,' ,.i' " oniths' hard Isbor In'chalbsin n Mar.15,":,, .-Wilfil'de?truction of. Goeernment ?;ul no :r s ::q..;r property,. existing' seotenee;to , ..; ",r, e ~~,a- hard laborlan chalos extended April 14,, '?sealt, thirty'y aeye,s s?1t7 aon-, ao u t , to? d pas.s three' months ' I 'n irti?r t ]separate' treatment at Port Arthur. .; ' SFebr?18566-- Neglet -ot-- duty, -three month,' f '-:r ; hard labor . x n Oct '17, , l-Mlaiodoit;reprimnarndd. n Received his tickOfrtb-lei 'e on 18th Doceminer, , 1855,' and conditional pardon on 9th June, 1857; bat' the ,latter ,was never :taken up. y For, about s?"l'" eitrs" he' mppe~ar to have i 'ke~t "piettylaeiot; ho then brokoe 'no'gain. IFebruasry24, 184--3Breach .Masier aqd §ervet ;-',; : "- ' : -"?t'A eieone moeith's'hbardlabor. rDec.'l4 1865-Drunkenness, twenty loar bohrl. July 21, 1860 Ioidecency,-two' months: - f Dec. 31, ., --Drunkenness, forty-eight hours. e March 5, 1867- ? , ,, 'Aprrl J, ,, -Idle and disorderly, one month. yMarchl 24, 18i8s-- Druoikefdis,'fdrth.eight hours. d ApriL'8jT L , , *- - a i 6 ,,' "amd;jasssialt, one 5 Juneot 1?si .,, ?-Rhmoved ,.to INew ;, Norfolk Aeylaum. e April 5, 1869--At Launceton, .dle sand dia. r orderly, seven days' tIrd labor. \- 1 . -Disiurbing the .pcaoe, fouruein . days' hard labor. m'MMay 11809 --Willul ,damageo toiproperty, iouni July 15,, --At. Franklin, idle and disorderly' sa. . , on h litb';:nt "': ," ,r..., Nov.' lO, ,, '?lIfdle niiddhliaorderly, three days. March 15, 18707-Disturhlng the peace,'/ourteen it 0,. ', -Riote- l coineduct, seven days.,;' April 1 ',, ,, ??4At Lanuqcasen, n!deceh'ncy, one 11 tiebray 25,?1871 Wifdll dsm'glig; pp r, •, . two months.::,v'; - " November .22' i,' .-RioIoua escdunt three daye Aprit ",IS,..,,i- ,, saud damaglng Gao ;..,:( I 1.:;r.i! vernrnent property, fourteen y.'? :I days. n And.now; on .2nd June, he is sentonced to if tw-- years, imprisoument-for-'wilfally damasg ing propoerty.j It is~true,'in his defonoo on the Iltter ocnsibt O'Briensaild ie owed hilf ,fg trbe;o;,r g ptin shmoe n tt blih ' law - bht y even aso, and giring him'oredmta his Honor Sremavked, for0neihalf of hise sentences being .andeiereed, ihbro dtill~aireoed' sueiicin~-t' a prove him.to bo~adespprnte man, andi onei y whom is iensafi:1to set'at largeo. We ra . gla t ii thsat his is the'rtpw takte by i the authorities. Tra E?oa?Sir IMAhr -Making ,thue usalI allowanbo'of from 30 to 40'honrs between thle i 'arrival of the branchiteaenmr at Adelaide and I of the mail steamer, in' Hobson's Bay, the Rangoopt maybe xpeoted to 'reach the Day early this morning, in wbloh oneas the Tamnr should arrive hero in" time for the delivery of her mails to-morrow forenoon. .ST. ANDniEw's CIUanoe.-The half- yearly letting of seats in 'this church takes, place on t Tbiirsday 'as advertised t Tioe FiNwoac Coo3rSuTTRir hold its meeting I on Friday last, and was well attended. The chief subjeetof debate was the scheme, brought forward at the previous meeting, for raising founds forthe payment of the stipends of the clergy. A circular submitted was discussed, but no definite conclusions were come to. It was'decided, therefore, to adjourn the meet lag for a webk.. Thoe Committee will moot next Friday. The-Ven. Archdeacon Browns was 'unfortunately compelled to leave -the chair owing to sudden illness; the Rev. A.! Stackihouse taking;hiasplace. ' Tics, RoaciENT RlALY ACCIDENT;--Wo i are auth6rised to state that the recent'obstrue a tion on the railway' line by the su'ppo'sed plainig of a tolherapi pool 'a?ross. thi peirmn nent way. hnas bon i'most- carefully enquir d into by the Ba'rd'of Directors. The 'evidence ais so conflicting ?apoeting the probable dsoirbe a of the obstraction, and whether.it had been Sby' accident' or design; that the Directoreishavd not soeen it their duty to offer a reward for tid conviction of a supposed.offender. Steps have been taken by placing watchmen on theilipe and by issuing orders to workmen to prevent any attempt of the kind,; and it is understood k that in the event of any such attompt to injure the line or, atrain,, the :Government: ;will be prepared, by the offer, of. .pecniary rewards I and by.the active co:operatiop of the territorial N police, to. assist the Directors .in..bringing ,a offenders to justice. The Directors have also d issued 'stringent orderi for` the arrest or other ,f prosecution ot all persons trespassing on' the line, under any pretence whatever, a preotu tion which will :go .far to render.:impossible id any attempt of the, nature referred to. r is, PoiLAno ,'pianoforta nialier, being now 'on a visit to Longford, mayii bb'oommniicaod withlat the Post-office.- . : \- w Niv Aroikaarsir s.--Teo 'H. T.' : erersy. annotooes that MIr Joseph Bullook, late chief oflicerof the" Goverinmnt schooner Harriet,' as has been placed in charge of the vessel since' ), lier trihanfer td' the Colonial Government; in and that Dr. E.. C. MlOarthyl'orNew .Norfolk, whose appointment as medical officer for the penal settlenment of Port Arth'u'r'wss noticed on .30th ult., leaves for; the! settlement to or relieve Dr.' J. G.. Dnham, whp.retires' in bon.. Ssequaence of' the transfer of the eettleiient from. the Imperial to the Colonial Government. 1 'ý.Ia CoTTSniLe's E?NTs?irTAINNT.-This 'gentleman gave another of his:: admirablo 'entertainments in the Mechaices' Institute y'T list evening, bbfore a large anid' appreoiative re; audience.' The programme comprised several o noew'plenese, snoh as the Maori song, The Twin 'Brothers, and Examination 'of a Junior Class, ot and the whole "were rendered with exeoollent spirit and wonderful resemblance to lifo.' air Cotteroll has marvellous control over the facial musolos, and the rapidity with which he :la passes' from one typo of ountoonanoe and. ic, manner to its opposito is 'really wonderful. f Of course, his representations of ohaiaoter are a exaggerations, yet they are, in the main true f to life. He, holds the mirror. up, to nature a and' shows to whati . irelmmitieis of i, absurdity and: affectation , men mand ad women will go;: and," after all, y, perhaps: ridicule , is one 'of the or best cares for human folly. Mr Cotterell, ac. 01 companied by his indefatigable goent, Mr to Smythe,;proceeds to Hobart Town to-morrow CO morning. 'He will not play at 'any of the o townships on the road down, but on his return n lie miay possibly give .an entertainment at of Green Ponds, Outlands, and Campbell Town, as and perhaps one more inLaunceston, ,in which in case he.may reckon with certainty on being !m well.received. ,? YOUNGo MoEN' CAronoLro AssoocrIaor.-A t musical and dramatic entertainment will be 'given in St. Joseph's' Hall, this dvening, by tod the meinbors'of the above association r Snropar'io'..- Between five and six o'clock i, on Saturday oveing last' a man was observed by a boy todepamp with a peajacqket from 'the dooirwa'iof Mr"Job?on' a- shop,'in' Charbic lie strot." ':Thbbiy i.mmeidiately gave infermtS t tiopn ug i'r .W. Jb3bsion wBntitin piirsnit, "b Shaving~ istaketi th direoiionindloated'by the led boy, heewas unable0to qcome across the follow 'A'A WAnxeo.--A lad` named .Seth Morley, i' riding :' on .-the idWellington-road ,,,wie iseverely "' budrt , the other.. day :-.whilst at playing 'with. gunpowder.; t:..,It appears thdtb"he obtained , possession . of,' ia , quan hi' tity'ofpowder,aend whilat prparinga miia tur6' blast, and. standing [near thei hole in whioh-he placedlit,, his .little, sister, who was or, hbldlng' the"i light 'dropped .it among.: the e, 'pdwder,?which; of 'ourse,'ignited, blowing !ol ep. the tipof the boy's-nose, and: severely burning ve his eyes. ,; He i'. ow out of any-immediate dangbr, but niost probably Will boddlsfigurod ft for life. ColumarATroc'AT ST. JoN's. -At evening . se'viceon Sundaythe Right'Rev. Dr. Bromby, "Bi'hoji' of Tasmanla7 held 'a' confirnationi in' St; John's Churab, Goulburno.treot, whqn the, rite was administered to twelve maleand o twtenty thro, female canteohumens.--E., T, Tenders are snate;dvt ' for removin'g the mar .cbinery friom tbh U.V: and T. Company's site r. and erecting it at the mine. en' zaoo AcoioD?ir.-On thoe 22qd inst. an qpeoihent ocourrd ati the Lbower M i s?azees, nos , 'J6ti ,'i liM'u.' "M a .sPhiillips, B.uet, 'Hart, had J ? onee re out r aiobi' hooting Thy? e ors talking. along the ed f a i ll in a row wh . rabbit was startdid by the dogs 'and rai' through the party, onrie of wh~o fired, inobt' :ii dicig thi Hart' was tin the: line of the shot. the' raish boing that three of the pellets struck Haiirt'ih the leg; one went through the thigh, Sand :oehsitruck tihm .on to.shoelder.d !HEad ' powder-flasklin:Hart's pocket not stolppd ), this shot, the irdsolt would probably .have proved fatl;--H. I. Mercoury. e, S TELEnRAPIio SSAGESe FROc'or VeIoTOnIA n To EUIorP..-Th'e Victorian telegraph dei?'rnt meant have gone aetep further in the way of o facilitating the transmission of messagestub , Europe. Ii ist now notified that t?lcgrnhhto n messages for transmieston to' o'ndi'fad if Erhdpe, vid Galle,, will be, received, at any telegraph:estation iniViotbozia and funorwardob y Smail steamer on payment of .7s d, i91add tion Sto the telegraphio lcharge from Gai!l. , n ' St.?laeDoUr oN BAre NoT?s.-Theo neow Stamp'Act, which came into operation in New Siiuthli Wales oon:letindtant, imposes a tax of one shilling each on the bank. notes of t?her " *1'ns £80 CounT o0 RsQUReTr will be held iat Lanuestoonthle morning; commeoning at 10 am.O ig M OeETING AT ST. LoarAion.--A meoti?g of parishioners of-the +Whito Hills and St . l~onarda will be hold in the St. Leonard, In. etituto, to-morrow evening, at 7 o'clock, for the porpose of receiving a report from the delegates appointed to canvas the above die, triets, and to finally determine upon the cleo. tion or otherwise of a olergyman for the two Cures. Souvcmns IRao? Tua Pot.--Yeaeterdy, Trinity 8anday, after Maess at St. lMary' Oaths. drel, the Blishopof Hobsrt.Tow.eaeccordlag to prevloia' announeomedt. presented to ?leslrl Loventborpe Hall anid John elsh tIlia cameos t aroen to him.orthem.by hbla.oliness Pope .Plo IX. The Blishop spoke; fIram thh.altar raill t saying:-'t A very pleasaet 'duty has devolved SupO,,me a isdlteo, presoontltion of two btrhhoe's"'rotn' the .*Pope 'to two estimable ° omemh?ie 's l" ou? coigregation, Air Lavel. thorpe Hall-and Mr John` Kelhb. These two,' young .gentlemel rbeongrosid and .ila. mlnatsd anc oddreae ,,to,i,,?lets'lollaesa,:.fro: the olrgyi aend laity of this nocese, wlilchb I pro. seated to him witl'h'e)i-P'ter's Pence, at at 0 audience I l together, ,eelhstverai otherl Aus. tielian Bishops, alt of whom, presented.-adercmae di d :p er'a , ere'oe. Upon my nreoldi.g, thi Saddress' bcefoare'hinm, he at Cee k" e upon tile heaoutlfull manoer In +iblob.'t- -" a executed.,I t0ldthiolm tchat liwas the work of I1 rd young genleomoa, natives of Tasmania, who 'lei employed their loisure moments to show -thei ee veneration andr love for his aeHolioneses. , H got o ilpr out of .hie chair andd brought to me fraom to another rboi'itwocameos oathe 'Blesled Virgin, ht which 'he 'ead I' wae'to' gve 'those two gold d young' gentlemen' a a amemento from blm wiell ro .hIbhleeng" ;T!he eameoe 'are very aimpie:tlbd beaste, the feco of the, Mothero(sour 'Redeemetr hbeieg exquidlllly sewcot.? Tb's larger one hisa swvord penatrnlng~tghe !'ieart,'ii' 'lllttslrati0:of the sl ecriptural prophecy, M.ithy, heart ,acrword shall ig pierce ' BDoilt are neatly set In gold, One case so has thePapal tiara and creas keys stamped upon or h ic gold-11. ..T,.1ercur!*. ', c , '; ie WRoWncKoOP THN "Q QUEEN;ov O In'TIrA?eMe ," u- -The totalilos of: hi' in vesle o' bbil returo le maiden vroyage from' Melboaore to London ioa the Cape of Good Hope Is a nnonnoeed in our Eg. lislt teletfraphlo ', news piublliehid i( another colim'o. Four of the crow i rer 'drorwned, but the remainder and all the paseengers wirei eaiidd )ihe Queen of thle Thames esiloed"' frbniaPort y. Phllitp'Headson -lth Febrparylast; ,.The catr. trophre mentioned above oceorred'exntl' a syteath itierwardes'near thei Capd. 'The'following 'i a lit of. thle saloon' pasenagera': -Mr land 'hrs ,Moore and servant. Mrs Macdouald, iIna; Charles 'c; Cowper, .M.G., Mrs .Cowper, Miss Cowper, Mr 1k, sad:Mres R Daitree, Melter. Al :Delsttee,Mlse he Daintree, Master , . Daintreo,,. Misq I iDalitree, ed Mliss Fpotel, Mr and.. Mr W;. K. Thomson, bls. to er Thromsbie, Mlss'ThOrteo~ , MiT'h.i; ThIom~i o, M.lister J. 'riloio?ia h'aasir' A. 'rhoison; n?'iil s ,ervahnl Miss Morrisain; Mse' GI'r'dwod,'Mr' od m r S'e J, R ,Lsade e Mllasler-.Laing,,l afsh Liltg, Miss Mi. Lallg, Milee'PLsing, .illsE, iE..Lig, 1ie and two servanlts; Mr and- MhrseDavid- Ogilrp, bli Milas Olilyy, and Miss E? OOgilvy, lev. W. 8, ole. M'ilson, and Mrs .Wilson,.Mr and Mrl Halrring. ve ton, Master arriongtop, M?lter-T. 'i,Harrineg ton, llaI C. C. IHsrrlftos,'. ind ,serycit; Mrl Air and Mires . V ). SIle'i.i'e, hra Yin AM'Conoel, Miss M'Connel, Masters M'Cdbtel Iso, (two), AMr aslid Mrs E. -K; iJdo~r r--anud ent hire Richard Oliver; lr and lirs Wentwoeth, hr child, and serveant; Mrs G. Af.-Mlline and Miss thie hitne, Mrs Newman and : Miss Newin'i, ,Mrs ho Cleveland, Mrs ,David Falk, Aliss Clarks, Mrs Porter, Miss Porter, Mrs Ltobertsoo, Miss laowe, d. lise Freer, lMiss- E.' Freer, Molslie G W, cul. Goyder, J. I. Dardell., H. Bain; G,. Seanot, J, ire B.Burkiit, E, B. Robertson, T. Willis, E, Spapn, rue 13.11. Span, rP. Boyes,,. L. G. Murray, T. C, re Loveridge, S; R. Traill, G Armytage, A. Bray. ehof cr, Salis; Fdik, C. Anderson, A. IWloWloman, d 'A T. Tol'ley; IL tR. M'Alpin J. T. Wallaee nod 87 ln the second 'and 20 In the 'thlrdielass." Al "i, will he seen' thb onames of. the Lseend class the passengers are not, given, but we smýs .mention aeo tlet among them 'avere Dr Josedlb Oiiuiboanod Mr lamily, Mr Thomas Bi's and famliT, MAi rtead ag? and family, and Mrs Gload, itll 'residets of tie 'Leonceston;. "[ S PEATI of A LuNpATIo.-About a moenth at sioce we noticed the fact that a man.nased, Samel Nn, Endis, who landed o 2nid. nit. from the.ll, io '.Deruenrton berarrivat! at Melboturnefrourr hla log, port, had boen, arrested on. a charge pf, l?Tpey, ndl that the"neonla 'of, the eteamor · eel e!fnred that 'thy" o;'wioald"licdr a 'he'iy"j neoliy 'ithe -A' did not ship him ba:k to Laonc?oeioi'whihh they he agreed to do, --In tbhe.o eatime 'ihe i'-ebitt to by' the; " ' Yairr Bend' a 'ut Ald llhti, j ftrer. logn asider. ' peculiar' seymptonit 'calhtd oak aphasia, which lodioate.eu:ldiaesaler oel d a fatal obargoter, ofthatl:part of the brain iiame. diately bllieod the left eye...... He.gradually got eog?, w'ore.e-In fac ,t e rl , ir.iv e ha t he caesopmust ,sod,, atally,.,,+,h, al tO eosowu oedey. o.: l mrnce atile to oe walk uiatil' the 1l.th' Maf, andii, d e S tans. but foried' tOthoe a '1oa6tial tv bhedl dia f'ew"tdays the 'after. A 'los?ainortem .wes held by Pir .Judall, who stated t' th'he dnvo'iulboiseof'the drface o( thihrcrio swere flatlteeduand'the'oep~eTtifieT'iwere lay, adherest. ,Thl'lbeibain w wilbidlltteolty removed Noe from theekull,owiogto the lrmadhosionoftheduia iiat mater oftho.Jp!t middle portlocrof!ihe skull to thb ere portion of tlhe brainpcorrespodingwith that part, This twas tiaoed bhya mass of cuicier'rather larger an- tha fllliert The caose ofedeattt ,watt dicer of the brain, lllohibie, .rarelyiolet, with as primary n cancer. It .will.bo- rememberedthatwhen. the Nob 'tiifortunacte? oan wae lappreheudede;fb'le4cijd his tlio poeseealon over 170 sovereolgns, and I was ome. !off what remaskatle that a an n of.nesonod miad ing ehould tiiav s eael'tnd ,ibb'at'siuo' h ia~elbourno, ate 'Witbout'ldelngiaay 6"r tle y +Jo + :1 I , red THE BcA'iTeiyd LBA~L:. The vice-regal ball in 'hon'l'r 'ijsir 'hl ee'ty' Birthlday tooc place ?'R aamt?legl df tile'hfe of 'thi' hh did by, ionor to tthe'obdoalon.";"Abo-l iitneo'/ock the nol oipany'":bgano to'arrivel' ald 'tb'ere Ioledlt by the the Governorand the Honihlnrs>Du.CaeO'bp to tod balf.past nine; wilen . hte,jEocelleon yewho, was 7, attired ;inn, tiohc smctialh, Rlifeo(1,, eqereld the a...al.ro h ., Dh 'Lady" i ,A and by Sir Fi'acio Smith.' Tlio'Vic.'i'lgItehtlance Sinto tihe brall-lom wa's the)'igelf'pb6b1d to site play o National Authem, and .thsellcts uad rite was conmmencld, the Governor and Lady a Smith andl Sir Franucls Smith and the HoPes lrs Dq 0ene beinge vi a vis?. -M, IO-MrS. Ohichester at ofciated sia mastber 'of 'cer'moanel l-1'iIiotr( were end 22 dances in'tbheprogr'iiib~ed'/ ioludiog,4 ilast, 4 re quadrles 8 waltz,, - gll and 4 ' waee, staLloned In hthe aorchestia: 't.letween •io 12 'and' l '; o'clock, l' "hierlE?eeitlleicyp the ot lHon. Mrs Do:Caseo, and a large :cgoriobti.f the clk company retired to the esuppor- room.--Upwards of;iour hoodied antid fiftylpei'obilthid. lgnifed their tatention c?f.beleg present, <bot lonifeswere prevented e by illnese audi;olel . coasups?,eof. 2. fer eourJ. .ee i'aitle ye J _______________ 