IMMIQBANTS OF THE SfOBT SOST. EvEttvBODY conversant with Hie history of the mother country knows how great are its obligations to the early settlers from Scandina via, who contributed to the national character its toughest fibre, and assisted to make England renowned alike for maritime enterprise, geo graphical discovery, and naval pre-emineuce. What the hardy Norseman of the 8th, 9th, and 10th centuries did for our forefathers at that end of tlie .world, our Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish contemporaries promise to do for die 'Great Britain of the South' in the 19th and 20th centuries. In the Wanganui district of the province of Wellington, New Zealand, a Scandi navian colony has settled down, and is working away with an energy characteristic of their race. It has planted itself in the Manawahi bush, and although the adventurous immigrants have scarcely enough clear laud to pitch their tents upon, they have lost no time ui erecting timber-framed houses, as picturesque in appear ance and solid in structure as those which con stitute such a striking feature in the Norwegian landscape. 'Men, women, and children,' writes the Van ganui Herald, ' work from morning till night with the industry and application of bees. Each family lias 40 acree of hurt, a portion of which will soon be cleared and bnmgUt into a state of cultivation. Some of thes-? settlers can speak very good Kuglieh, and each section is called the ' country1 of tile family —a term uliicli the whole of them understand.' These are immigrants of the right stamp, and contrast must advantageously with the shiftless, soft-handed waiters on Providence, who lounge about the large towns aud cities of th&-c colo nies, and cxpui't to be provided with eat-y .situa tions at libenil wn^es the moment they land from shipboard If we could -mly send away a shipload of these social parasites in exchange for a corresponding number uf Scandinavians, we should succeed in effecting an excellent bar gain. We should soon have more land cleared and cultivated, and fewer applicants for admis sion to the Benevolent Asylum and the Immi grants' Il.iine. The spot upon which the Scan linavians have settled down in New Zealand is described by a local paper as the most uninviting and unroinaiitic region on the face of the earth. Nevertheless, they are nothing daunted, and ex hibit an unconquerable determination to make ' the wilderness blossom like the rose.' And they will do it. ' If,' said an English laborer, in the hearing of the editor of the Wnnganui Herald, ' the Government want to get the bush country settled, they cannot do better than bring out l--o,o-io Norwegians, tor I can assure you they will settle down where no Englishman would care to stop a night.' Could nothing be done to promote an immigration of this kind here 1 Among the thickly-wooded ranges of the Cape Otway district Norwegian settlers would make clearances, and would turn the timber to an profitable an account as their countrymen do the forests of their native land.' An old Australian squatter in London writes as follows to Messrs Dalmahoy,- Campbell, and Co., of Sydney, on the subject of Australian tinned meats, showing that the article in gradu ally coming into favor with the working classes in England:— 'Cattle are very high here, and graziers say meat will hold its price. A fortnight ago at Market Harboro' Fair, some store cattle sold as high as £H and £36 per head, Mid the average of the sales were from £22 to £28 per head for well-bred cattle. Welsh and Scotch were lower, say from £15 to £18 ; these cattle are animals that would hardly be looked at in your market, and would at the outside make 50s to 60s in 18U!», when I was there. The tinned meat still commands a ready sale, as well as the 'extract,' and my informant;, who is a grocer in a large way in Leicester, sells a large quantity amongst the manufacturing people and opera tives of the town. Should the price of meat continue to keep up, I think we may fairly reckon that our tinned meat will get such a hold on the market that it will be difficult to shake it off, and the graziers and farmers here are frightened at the name of Australian meat, as they think it sure to bring down prices ; but it is quite a mistake ; the people that buy our meat would go without, because they cannot afford to give such prices ns are current now in England for the meat in the butchers' shop, therefore the two classes do not clash.' The Gipps' Land Mercury gives the following amusing account of a drunken man mistaking his opponent : — A worthy Satellite, having been exposed to the weather, got soaked to the skin ; and then, having got well soaked within, went staggering up Raymond-street, on his way home. He fell foul of a telegraph post and toppled over into the water channel, at that time a torrent some three feet wide and two feet deep. Having, with some considerable trouble, got on his legs again, he accused the post of knocking him down into the water, and in no very measurcdlanguage, challenged the post to fight. Having squared away for some time, he requested breathing time, while divesting himself of his coat At it again. right and left, until he had satisfied himself that be had gained the victory — having, as lie con ceived, beaten his opponent to a dead stand-still. 'This will teach you to insult and knock down a respectable man into the water channel,' his coat and hat having in the meantime sailed away down the stream. Being minus his clothes, he instantly charged the telegraph post with steal ing the necessary articles, and held fast to the supposed thief, lustily calling for the police to give him in charge for highway robbery. Kot being able to move so solid an adversary, he at length went to look for a bobby, feeling, as he said, assured that he (the post) was too drunk to get far away. Not Jifidingao officer in blue bold enough to face such weather— particularly in this usually quiet part of the town— he at length found his way to his lodgings, aud by this time feeling the wet and cold, he wished for a fire to warm hinsclt Thinking he saw a spark of fire, le got hold of the bellows to blow it up. Having blown away for some time without success- -the cold aud wet condition he was in having the effect of bringing him a little to his sober senses — he at length discovered that he had been blow ing into the keyhole of the door, the light from the lamp opposite shining through, which he had mistaken for a spark of fire tn the grate. On making this discovery he took himself quietly to bed, actually believing that he certainly must lave had a glass too mucn, and was glad to find he had do bones broken in this terrific encounter. How a Boy Wakes up.— There he lies in his crib, a nut brown cub of four years. He sleeps the sleep of healthy childhood. In the same position he lay when he dropped into uncon sciousness, one arm under his head, one leg kicked out from under the coverlet He is per fectly motionless. His round cheek pillows it self on the extended arm, and his legs seem to iave been arrested in the middle of the last rest less kick, as the curtain fell over his blue eyes, and he was f«t asleep. ITou can scarcely per ceive his regular aspiration. A train of cars thunder by without noise— he might be carried across the street without wakening. It is the morning; daylight Btreams in the window: &e; sun shines on the hill tops. The Bounds of ife an beginning to be heard about the house. Watch the boy. Still and motionless «e a figure of marble. As you look, the gates of deep are suddenly unlocked. His blue eyes are wide i open and bright— hit iiptpart with a shoot- i his legs Sr ont in differeot directions— his arms are in tapM motion— he flops over the spread— in ten seconds he has tamed a conple of somer saulta, and present, before rat * living illnstra twa ofperpetualmotion. There isnodelibertte fawnihfe m i Anr *wtchSnR of indolent Cubs, »W rabtfeK of «leejpr «w, no gradually ptttdttfaotfaeiitfaonmghlyawaka ?aHdeking Iwr. TbewoadMfalti&ng; abort itiTto end aenoeaandcompleteMM. 