Appeal froh a Decision on thh Pub licans' Act. — The case of Kett v the - Queen, an appeal from a conviction by the court of petty sessions, Wangaratta, for breach of 'the Publicans Act, came before their Honors tho Chief Justice and Mr Justice Williams, in the Supreme Court, Melbourne, on Tuesday. Mr Garrett, who appeared for the respondent, moved for a rule to strike the case out- of the list, on the ground that the pre liminaries required by section 146 of the Justices of the Peace Statute had not been complied with. The section required ,an appellant, after he received the special case from the justices, to transmit it within 14 days to the Supreme Court— first serving notice, of the appeal and a copy of the case on the respondent. In this instance the case was re ceived from the justices on the 9 th February, On the 22nd February it was filed with the prothonotary, and on the 23rd the copy was served on the Crown solicitor— Ashdown v Curtis, 31 L J., M.C., 216 ; Morgan v Edwards, 5 H. & N., 415 ; Woodhouse v Woods, 29 L, J., M.C., 139, were referred to. Dr Mackay. showed cause in the first instance. . The apt only required certain things to he done within a fortnight to enable the appeal to lie. _ It was immaterial in what order those conditions were complied with so long as they were done within the fortnight.— Williams v Row, 1 W. &W.;, 176. The Chief Justice. — We think the act is clear on the point— the special case must he served oil the. respondent before it is sent to the prothonotary. Dr Mackay sub mitted that there ought to be no costs, as canse had been shown in the first instahce. The Chief Justice.— We think that where tho party who shows cause is successful he ought not to receive the costs, hut the party who applies for the rule ought to get them. If a rule nisi had been granted, he would be entitled to the costs of that rule and of the rule absolute. Rule absolute to strike the case out of the list. From the above it will be seen that the case has been dismissed on purely technical grounds, hut it is possible that it may be again brought on, and tried on its merits. G. J- Sands as a Martyb.— Sands, the in corruptible and immaculate of Kyneton finds consolation for his defeat in the thought that he and Mr Higinbotham have been similarly dealt with. Following the example of another brother in adversity, Sands has issued an address to the election of Kyneton, of which the following is a sample : — " But, brother electors, we need not, however, be discouraged by the position in which our cause stood, by the place I held on the poll, after seeing the influences brought to bear against me, an after fipding that from similar influences, one of the most talented men, one of our greatest statesmen, the ablest debater in Victoria, tue hon. George Higinbotham, has been rejected ; by the electors of Brighton for an unknown 1 man, whooccupiedno position either politica j 1 or publicly." Higinbotham and Sands m tffo same breath. Faugh! An ounce of cue , good apothecary. r, Interruption to Telegraphic Go.iImuni- cation. — Telegraphic communication was stopped last week near Honarton by afloc.-c ol geese flying against the wires and carrying a portion away. . i Remission of -sentence.-r-Acting on the : recommendation- of the Minister of Justice, I the Governor has remitted the remainder of the comparatively long term of imprisonment j awarded by Messrs Nimmo and Iffla to the ! young girl Emily Graves, for obtaining goods , to the value of 3s 5d by means of fulse pre- ' fences at Emerald Hill. i Danish Immigrants. — A Danish ship has I arrived at Rockhampton, unannounced, with Danish and Swedish immigrants, chiefly coopers and tinsmiths. 