IMMIGRANTS OF THE RIGHT SOBT Everybody conversant with the history of the mother country knows how great are its obligations to the early settlers from Scandinavia, who contributed to the na tional character its toughest fibre, and assisted to make England renowned alike for maritime enterprise, geographical discovery, and naval pre- eminence. What the hardy Norsemen of the 8th, 9th, and 10th centuries did for our forefathers at that end of the world, our Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish contempo raries promise to do for the " Great " Britain of the South" in the 19th and 20th centuries. In the Wan ganui district of the province of Welling ton, New Zealand, a Scanidnavian colony has settled down, and is working away with an energy characteristic of their race. It has planted itself in the Mana wahi bush, and although the adventu rous immigrants have scarcely enough clear land to pitch their tents upon, they have lost no time in erecting timber framed houses, as picturesque in appear ance, and solid in structure, as those which constitute such a striking feature in the Norwegian landscape. "Men women, and children," writes the WaYtganui Herald, "work from morning till night with the industry and application of bees. Each family has >40 acres of land, a portfpu of which will-soon be cleared and brought into a state of cultivation. Some of these settlers can speak yerg good English,. and'each section is called the 'country' ot the family—a term which the whole of them understand." Those are immigrants of the right stamp, and contrast most advantageously with fhe shiftless, soft-handed waiters on Providence who lounge about the large towps and cities of these colonies, and -expect to be provided with easy situations at liberal wages the moment they land from shipboard. If we could only send away a shipload of these social parasites in exchange for. a corresponding number -of ^pandfnavians, yre should succeed in . effecting an -excellent bargain. "We. should soon have more laitfl cleared and cultivated, and fewer appti -cants for admission to, the Benevolent Asylum pnd the Immigrants' Home.. The spot'upon which the Scandinavians have settled down in New Zealand is described by a local paper as the mort uninviting and tmromantjc region on the face of the oartV Neverthelew, they are nothing daunte!$, ^ exhibit m unconquerable determi^j&on; to make (lflhe ; wilderness *' blosmm tilpe theroSe." And they" will do it. "Ifj" said an English.labduitr, in fhe hearing of the editor oftbe Wmgaapii Benify id, ^v^rnpaeaf;, 4t ,<M>nnt(y settled, 41 they ^ cannot , do better than: bring 41 out l<)OtODO Norwegians, for I can at* *' sure you they Will settle down where no ^E^ishman would care to stop a night." " of the Caul ton settlers would , wouldturnthe Ml 