( Fr-n,i the Courier, i (JvitpiK— Tumuixg. — A Danish immigrant, named t'eieisuu, coi.i.uittai suicide at the One-mile to-day by hanging himself. Mr Bligh, the Police Moeis trin;. u wiiuucily indisposed. Some excitement has hixu caused tbroo^i tbe wilful hacking of a fvind la*6 rujje at No 4 south Caledonia. It is understood blue tne police have obtained some due to the mis creant. GmpiB— Wednesday.— Two hundred and twelve U»us of quartz from claim* No. 7 and 8 amalgamated, South Monckland, yielded three thousand nine hun dred and eighty-four ounces of gold. Townsvjllk — Thursday. — The gold escort hus arrived from the Gilbert with three thousand ounces. - —The crushing-mauhine at the Gilbert has com- 1' menoed operations. —A public meeting was held * last night at which a strong resolution was passed protesting against the action of the Government in depriving Towusville of telegraphic shipping news. JiocEHAMProN — Tursday.- Dr Callaguau i-eports that Mr Schutield is sutterittg from eoncussiuu of the brain. He is still insensible, bnt the symptoms are favorable. Bowen — Tuesday. — A fatal accident occurred on the racecourse yesterday, to Charles Frogpart, an accouutaitt at the Leicbhardt Downs, who was thrown from hia horse and his skull fractured. He died as he was being removed into tomi. The crushing machine has reached Marengo, snd it is anticipated that it will be at work in about three weeks. The Lady Bowen has anchored off the port for the purpose of repairing damages. Svdnev — Tuetday. — His Excellency the Gover nor will opeu the Northern Railway extension on Saturday next.— We have very wintry weather. The rain has stopped the cricket match. — Chambers, the actor, was drowned whilst bathing at Newcastle. The single-wicket match between the Victorian and the Sydney teams came on to-day. 1 lie Vic torians scored 21, and the Sydneyites 24 iu their first innings. In the second innings the Sydney team scored 31. Svdsby — Wednesday. —Earl Pembrokeproceeds to England by the outgoing mail stuunor. — Four ear goes of sugar arrived to-day. ? The cargo of tbe barque Tasso was sold by auction, and realised lower rate sthan have ruled lately. — Soiled ; The Lady Young, for Brisbane. ? Thursday. -The U.M.SS. Avoca passed Eden at 1 o'clock this afteruoun. -At the wool sales to-day transactions were active and prices tirm.— A public meeting was held tu-day to urge the annexion of the Fiji Islands by the British Government.— The Sydney .Sugar-refilling Company have altered their tariff, reducing the price of all classes, ' no mark ' and crystals £2 per ton.— The Lady Boweu takes the Queenstaud portion of the Unglish mail to-morrow. Melbourne— Tuetdnp.— The Uerberus uenaved very well on her passage from Galle. The men were well treated by the Batavian officiate.— The vessel will commence her equipment immediately. — Two armed men hive robbed Morpheu, the coiitrai- tor, of four hundred and fifty pounds, near Raglan. His Excellency the Governor opened the Sand hurst Charity Fair. 1 Melbourne - Wadnetday.— The R.M.SS. Aroei cleared the Heads ut 3 o'clock thiB morni iig. — Thurs- day.— Morris, importer, lias stopped payment. English advices by tbe mail has cause a rise in bran dies. ADPXMDB— Thursday. -The superintendent of the Overlaud Telegraph Company reports that ha expects eight hundred miles of line from Port Au gusta completed in September next, lu the mar kets to day breadBtuffs were dull. We learn from our Sydney telegram that the Lady Bowen, with the Queensland portion of the English Mail, left the MeadB at li a.m. ycBterday morning. We may, therefore, expect to receive our lioiuu letters by the afternoon train un ilonday next. An adjourned meeting of the Municipal Council was held at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon. Present : His Worship the Mayor, Aldermen Won derley, Barry, Hooper, iSpiro, Conroy, Faiquharson, Donavon, and Godsall. Aldermaa Uonacun moved, in accordance with previous notice, ?? That tenders be called tor the clearing of Campbell-street from Kuthven-street to fjutwyche- Btre^l.' The motion was amended to allow of tbe introduction of a clause for the drainage of Campbell-street near its junctiou with Raff-street, and carried. Alderman Uonavmi then moved -'That the metalling of Kuthven street be carried ou, as formerly agreed upon, from Mr Little's cottier to Ruthven- Btreet Bridge.' The motion was seconded by Alderman GodsaU aud car ried. Alderman Barry moved, according to notice, 'That for the current year all works, amounting to £1U or upwards, be let by contract. ' Alderman Farquharsou proposed an amendment to the effect that the Couutil be empowered to expend the sum of £20 upon any urgent and necessary improvement. The original motion was car ried by a majority of live to three. Alderman GodsaU proposed, and Alderman Farquharson seconded, — ' That the sparatc office of Kate Collec tor and Inspector of Nuisance be abolished, and the Town Clerk collect the rates as per agreement.' Alderman Barry proposed, and Aldermau Conroy seconded, an amendment to the following effect, — ' That the offioe of Kate Collector be not abolished. ' Alderman Donavon supported the amendment, and Alderman GodsaU aaid he would like to have the agreements between the Council the Town Clerk and Bate Collector read, ao that the meeting niigut us enabled to understand tbe duties undertaken by each officer. The agreements were then road, and the Town Clerk Stated in explanation of that portion of his agreement which referred to tbe collection of rate*, that the separate office of rate collector ivuj created by tbs Couucil, and consequently the up- ? poiutineut of MrColgau did uot interfere with his (Mr Flynn's) original agreement. Alderman GodsaU ?aid he would like to know from tbe Town Clerk whether he felt himself capable of performing the duties specified in the agreement. A desultory con versatiou emraee, in which three or four aldermen spoke apparently to the question for upwards of an . hour, the one following or replying to the other ia ' brisk and to some people amusiug succession. The Town Clerk at length obtained an opportunity of in forming the Council that he would not have signed the agreement if be bad not felt him. self capable of perfuming the duties therein specified. Another exchange ensued, in tbe course of which Aldermen Hooper and Wonderley appeared to have the best of tlie wgunieot, tbe latter stating with considerable confidence that a motion would be tabled at tbe neat nxxtinp of the Council for ? reduction of tbe Town Clerk's salary, after the ad missions luade that evening. A division was called, and the original motion « as declared carried by a majority of live to four. Aldermen Barry, Ccvtvy, Donavon, and the Mayor voting for the amendment, and Aldermen GodsaU, Spiro, Karquharaon, Hoopet. and Wonderly for the original motion. It was tfaeu proposed hs /Mw't«' Gadsall and carried nnani mously, — 'That the Bate Collector receive three months notice in lien of one month as provided fur in the agreement.' Alder pim S^iqnhanon moved, pursuant tojjrevious Botrae,-^' That James-street be IceHiedCikchan MUad thioswhomt. and foutprths fottsM and graveUed.' The notion WMsecuoded by Alpfcnnaii CoMoyaodearried«Banin«rady. Aiders** Won o«rtM?» motion for the paymept of ten gaimas to tiMOeBenlComlnitUe of lie BladnJIXettimwul Food, and Alderman DonaTon'a- motion for the teaeing ?tftegrawl pit in lUff-stoeet were earned Wtt— I iwwsjtirj AWtei-manHooper'amotMBf.-- : linrsni fnuB -ir -^ and A Merman FarqouariKm'a , Mtlsei Tfarauhaga **« a HmsK^toeet, weMlwU , orarfBrfatsKduausioB. ? ' * i iTbMmonnmdinonr aintiaSng eohunut tint tbsMcoadof the aerie* of grand amateur concert* will be given attius SohoofirfArte -m Wednesday eWningfWth instant Tire nsual onarterrj meeting of the Trustee* of the Drayton and Toowoomba Cemetery m held at Groom's, Commercial Hotel, oo Wednesday evening last Present: Mr & Benjamin mod Mr 8. G. Stephens. There not being a quorum present the business conld not be proceeded with. The Secre tary (Mr Stephens) said there were a few accounts that required attention, whether they were enabled to obtain a quorum or not, otherwise they would have to stand over for three months. Accounts and f«e»to the amount of £8 fid were then recommended for payment. Mr Stephens aaid he had received a letter from Mr J. T. Walker, tendering hia resigna tion as Trustee in conaeqoenoe of hia Absence from the district. It was arranged that the Secretary should communicate with the Presbyterian Minister relative to the subject, and the meeting adjourned. At a BpecUl meeting of the Hospital Committee, held yesterday afternoon, at which Messrs. G. W. Eliott, J. Taylor, E. W. Robinson, and the Rev. Dr. Dunne attended, it was agreed to insure the pew buildings for the aum of ±2150. The amount will be divided between the Queensland Insurance Com pany and the Sydney Insurance Company. A cooht for the revision of the jury list was held yesterday^ noon. Present: G. W. Eliott, P.M., and Messrs E. Marley, F. T. Gregory, H. Spiro, J. Wonderley, and C. J. Andersou. The alterations were unimportant, and the Court rose at half -past one. A public tea meeting was held at the Wesleyan Church, Neil- street, ou Thursday erening, for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. John Gardiner to the Toowoomba circuit The various tables were bountifully supplied with the best of creature com forts, but in consequence of the brevity of the notice the attendance was very limited. After the removal of the tables the reverend gentleman was introduced to the meeting by the Chairman, Mr R. Aland, and appropriate addresses were delivered by the Rev SI r Orton and the Rev J. T. Waraker. The reverend guest briefly expressed the gratification he had ex perienced in receiving so hearty a welcome to his new circuit, and said that although the spiritual wants of the Tonwoomba district had been lightly regarded during the past twelve months, he hoped by the blessing of God and the hearty co-operation of the congregation to succeed in winning back many wanderers from the hold of Christ. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting. In the course of the discussion which took place at the nueting of the parishioners of St. James1 on Tuesday night last, it was stated that thu deficiency in the stipend account, £79 15s' lOd, would have been avoided if the temporal business of the Church hid been conducted as in other places by the Church wardens. This statement has since been supported by the reports furnished of the parochial meetings held in Brisbane and Ipswich on the same day, and judging from the successful manner in which the clergyman's stipend has been provided for in nearly every instance, it is to be regretted that the majority of the parishioners at the Toowoomba meeting were opposed to the election of Churchwardens. From the report of the meeting of the parishioners of St. John's Church, Brisbane, we learn that the collec tions were sufficient to meet the liabilities, and also to provide for the payment of £120 on account of interest. The reverend Chairman disavowed any desire to interfere in the temporalities of the Church, and pointed out that thu extra labor thrown upon his hands through the want 'of organisation in the conduct of Church affairs prevented him from dis cuarsinir other duties which more property belonged to hia office. At AH Saints' the balance in hand amounted to £90 8s 9d. At the Valley Church there was a deficiency of £12 7s 9d in the amount of the clergyman's stipend, but the Churchwardens stated tiiat in the course of a few days they would be in a poaitio i to pay ovei' the balance. At St. Andrew's, Lutwyche, there was a balance in hand of £12 12a 91, and at St. Paul's, Ipswich. ,the Churchwardens' account exhibited the neat little surplus of £22 5s 9d. A MKETIM3 of the members of the Anglican Church was held at the Parsonage, Draytun, on the evening of the 13th instant, for the purpose of receiving the Churchwardens1 statement of accounts to E:ister of the present year. The Rev. E. B. Neville occupied the chair, and congratulated the meeting upon the satisfactory aspect of thu fiuuncial affairs oi the Church, and stated that the amounts collected for the last three years were as follows : — For l8(iS, £I74 34-3J; 1869, £2013sl0d; 1870, £246 10s Oi— which statement evidently went tu prove that matters connected with the Church were, although slowly, yet satisfactorily, progressing. Subjoined is the detailed statement of acoounts for 187(1 :— Dr. Amount collected for stipend fund for past twelve months, £218 Is lOd ; amount of offer tory collections, £28 9s Cd ; total, £246 10s 6d. O. Cash paid on account of stipend fund, £238 7s 4d; wine, 12s till; testaments for Sunday .Schools, 19s Od; lighting expenses, 15s 2d ; paid cleaning Church, 10s ; ditto Synod, £2 ; imor account, £3 As ; total, £246 10s (id. It was then proposed by Mr Davis, se conded by Mr Jull, that tho Churchwardens' finan cial statement be passed. Carried. Mr P. S. Kavcnc said that he was confident that the meeting would agree with him in tendering a vote of thanks to the Churchwardens for the past year for the very satisfactory manner they hail discharged their duties, ami heartily sympathised with Mr Catbcart (one of the Churchwardens) on his long-continued illness, which, he was sorry to hear, would prevent him continuing to act as one of the Churchwardens. Motion agreed to. The Chairman next called the attention of the meeting to the efforts that had been lately made to re- shingle the Parsonage and purchase a new harmonium for the use of the Church, and stated tiiat, in connection with those matters, the sale -if gifts held in the Town Hall, a week before Cluittm.-is, realised £13 14s 84., and donations re crivod J.26 5s 6d., making £40 0s 2d. [A list of t!ie cash donors is this day published in our adver tising columns.] The Rev. Chairman remarked that the thanks of the pariBhoners were due to those who so kindly contributed to the sale of gifts in Decem ber list, which sentiment was mnst heartily reci procated by the meeting. It was then proposed l-y Mr Mavis, seconded by Mr JuU, that Mr J. W. Henry be appointed Churchwarden in the mom of Mr Cathcart, resigned. Carried. The Rev. Chair man then stated that he purposed being absent from his ministerial duties for six or eight weeks, as he intended to visit New Zealand in order to he present at the consecration of bis brother, the Bishop elect of Dunedin, and that he had made arrangements for the performance of bis duties during that interval, which he hoped would meet with the approval of his parishoners. The proceedings then terminated with a vote of thanks to the Rev. Chairman, which was most cordiiUy carried amid expressions of hope that the reverend gentleman would have a prosperous voyage and a safe return. We learn from gnnd authority that the Rev James Love, late of the Presbyterian Church, Wickham Terrace, will enter the Anglican Church as curate to the incumbent of St. James1 Church, Toowoomba. On the departure of the Rev F. C. Jagg for Europe, on leave of absence which will probably take place about July nest, the Rev Mr I/ove will assume the charge of the ' flock of St. James.' Thomas Caht, nliot Tom the Devil, convicted at the sitting of the District Court, ttalhy, on the charge of poisoning the racehorse Chevalier, and remanded for sentence, has been sentenced to 6ve years penal servitude. A |mint of law in connection with the case was reserved for the opinion of the Supreme Court T. Howe was acquitted. Report of patients in Toowoomba Hospital for the week ending 14th April. 1871 1— In hospital last report, 28 males 6 females ; since admitted, 3 males ;. discharged, I female ; remaining in hospital, 31 males 5 females ; receiving oat-door medical re lief, 10 adults. Dr. Anderson will be the visiting surgeon for next week. The Hospital Committee have to thank Mrs Robert Glissan, Ritthven-street, Mr Duncan Mclntyre, and Mr C. \V. Pitts for ft lot of magazines, books, and papers for an addition to the Hospital library, and Mrs John Russell and Mrs Stereos, of Hothven street, lor parcels of old linen. We learn from the Courier that a very heavy thunderstorm broke orer the city of Brisbane on Wednesday afternoon. Shortlr after the storm commenced then «n s- very vivid Huh of lightn ing, attended by as instantaneous crash of thunder. This flash struck a young man named Michael UTidira, in Temux-street, off Brangwick-etreet, Fortitude Valley, and killed him and bin bone. \7hdan was riding along the street, when some wmnsn friends of his, who were standing in a ver andah, jeaOed him to 'Vjome oat of tin tain.' Ha was in the act of tUsnmnting in oompliaoc* with their request, when the lightning ?track him and hit tmise. killing Iwtk instantaneously: The two women, ltr*M'X idly sad Mrs Barrett, were knocked *»wn add sMuined, bat recovered after come little tow. ' 