There Tim been an t^mmitteeef'WayB anlitoein^.' Itdrenclietl brought the Government among the breakers, of no-confidence motions; butthe Radicals,. though they hate the AtmyVEstiihate^ lore ■ the Conservative transformation still less. At one tnn^ ihoTrever/their choiee was-' veiy uncertain, and itwasnot: till h ; series of damping attacks had heen sustained by the Ministry that the members below the gang way returned to , their allegiance. The Budget, yon wiU-remember,:propo8ed three newtaxes^-one: on. matehee,7;an extra half percent, on succession duties, and an addi tional penny farthing.of• incometax. -The publicans of the Bast-Bnd saw in the lucxfer impost a chance of tripping up theMephis toplieles of the licensing Bin. With their aid and countenance a demonstration was organized at Sow, and : a procession sent from thence to Westminster with a few calico banners flying, and. placards pro testing against 'the assault on poiw men's matches. The police were over- zealous in checking thesonyparade, and their opposition : drew out the choicest roughs ofWhitechapeL. They professed to be executing an old law, which forbids any tumultuous assembly to approach within two miles of Westminster,. . but their precautions' commenced four miles away, The procession was flrat interrupted ' about half a mile west of the Bow Railway Station.. It pushed aside the police and got , into. Whitechapel, where1 a second body awaited it. There were now six or seven, thousand demonstrators, and whilesome engaged in a scrimmage with the preservers of the peace the bulk of them, diverged toward the Thames Embankment. At the Charing Ctobs Bridge the police had their third line of defence^ which was overpowered after a sharp struggle. . Two or three ; thousand of a mob actually puietrated into Palace-yard, and had,another brush witba body of constables ongutid;toere.^They ; submitted to being forced back out of the privileged precincts, but insisted op. loitering . ■ about to see their Ministerial, friends enter the House. The Premier walked across ^ Palace-yard with a stout peeler fcffiowing, him. Sir. Disraeli got a cheer or two from. . the loungers among the mob. lint tire, . matchmakers had - their eyes set on. ether, gaine. Their enquiry wMfor''LuciferBpb,'* who never appeared to answer to the cbmpifi- ' mentary title. He had quietly passed under the feet of his pursuers, having arrived by the Undeiground Railway, and walked through the tunnel into the House. A NARROW , MAJORITY——APRIL 24. The situation which Mr. Lowe. had created within the House was very little better than that which he had escaped from outside. . Mr. White, an officious gentleman under the gangway, attacked the financial policy with a general motion that it would entail burdens upon the people which were not justified by easting Circumstances. He was thoroughly radical in his upbraiding of the - Govern ment, even reminding Mr. Stansfeld of the proposition he had introduced in 1862, that "the national expenditure was capable of reduction without compromising the, safety^ independence, and legitimate influence of'the country." He asked: Ministers hbw they could justify their Estimates to their late colleague, Mr. Bright, who had declared that no Administration was deserving of the con-' fidence of the country which did not cany on the public business for a less sum than, seventy millions .-per annum. The speeches of Mr. White and Ms seconder, Mr. Ryiands, . were capped by two Conservative tirades against the Budget, which made easy capital out of the agitation against the match tax. Mir. Lowe rather'sulkily vindicated his Estimates,- and taunted the Radical-Tory coalition with conjectures as to the abstruse- principle on which it had been formed. More Radicals- fumed against the Military Estimates and the match, tax until Mr. Disraeli rose Mid unbosomed himBplf of his mock gratitude to Mr. White- : for having spared him an invidious duty which he had come down to the House half intending to discharge. He had nofearof-a sham resignation as the result of the motion being carried. His Mends on the Conserva tive beaches did not wish to put their fingers further into the pie than'was necessary. He hoped, therefore, that , the schism on the Ministerial tide would be made.'up again by. a peaceful withdrawal of the Budget. _ For the Opposition he promised that not a tingle shout of triumph would -offend the. sensitive soul of the Government. The Premier spoke rather warmly in his reply, and- said rather more -than he was able to abide by in the .sequel. For one thing, he maintained that there was no instance of. a Budget having been taken back and radically altered. If Mr. White and bis friends simply intended to denounce the increase of military expendi ture, they were going against the previous. decisions of the House as much as against the financial policy of the Government. The division was a staggerer for the Treasury benches—230 for Hie motion, .and 254 against it. Had the invincible hundred of a majority dwindled down to a fluctuating uncertain score ? WITHDRAWAL OF TUT MATCH DITTY—APRIL 25. More hostile amendments were daily being added to the ISotice-paper. Mr. Disraeli himself had put his name to one wMch must provoke a pitched^ battle. It declared the financial propositions of the Government unsatisfactory, and deserving of reconsideration. The Chancellor of the Exchequer came to the House on Tuesday straight from a Cabinet meeting. He "had a short announcement to make to the House"—the match tax would not be proceeded with, but the other propositions , would be. Mr Disraeli asked if that would, not involve the necessity for another financial statement, and the Chancellor promised one next time that the House went into Com mittee of Ways and Means. the wrecked budget—APRIL 27. On Thursday the Premier himself rose in Mr. Lowe's place. He had anticipated in giving way on the match duty that the only obnoxious point of the financial scheme would thereby be eliminated. The Budget had since been challenged in toto, and it behoved the Government to define the position for which they were to fight. The Conservatives who had helped Mr. White to oppose the match duty might think that while the succession and legacy duties remained they had not secured their share of the objects of the coalition. He would then relinquish the distinctive im j posts on property, and descend to the income tax, which was the foundation of the Budget. The other demands, might go, and tiieir glace might be filled by making the extra income tax twopence in the pound instead of a penny farthing. The plan of computation by percentages would "stand over for the impartial consideration of the House." The Ministry retracted nothing as to the principle of their abandoned taxes. They saw that it would not be possible to ob tain for them a fair judgment on their merits. For the purpose of meeting transitional expenditure they might not have been the most suitable. The Government, though undertaking to maintain the strictest watch oh additional expenditure, could not take "hack their Estimates, and thedeficit ex plained by the Chancellor of the Exchequer had to be provided for. Mr. Disraeli had been cat oat of a small battery of jokes against Lucifer Lowe. The Premier's unexpected pliability had sur prised, which' was tantamount to discon •certing him. He fumbled a little among his . reminiscences of previous speeches, and resuscitated bin nicely- rdunded calculation tittt the flafinH; would be nearer six ■■mTHhrm 4hn-n two and three-quarters. - He ; was sarcastically happy over the "sweet j simplicity" to which the harum - scaruxn Chancellor had been brought lock. . Gently touching the pulse of the Radicals, he dis closed possible savings which would curtail the new taxation to a very bearable amount. The £600,000 of a first instalment toward the abolition of purchase-money might be postponed. The prodigal promise which Mr. Goscfaen had given the Municipal authorities that the house-tax should be handed over to them might be recalled, and another million and a quarter would-be spared to the Trea sury—altogether two millions, or close upon it. Theleaderof the Opposition had to dis tinguish himself from the free-lance assailants of the Budget jby indicating what could be substituted for it. They disclaimed all such responsibility, and were in consequence easily killed off, while he stood at a distance watching their vicarious fate. Mr. Lowe was gruff, and wanted to know if the new proposal was so sweetly simple why it oould not be discussed at once. He would give the right honourable gentleman four days to consider it, and he hoped that the time would be well employed. When the ■debate was crowing warm Mr. Bemal Osborne pushed in among the combatants, and convulsed them with a volley of universal banter. THE MINISTERIAL MAJORITY RESTORED. It was like Mr. Lowe's luck that the crisis of his financial policy should happen on a festal day. Its shadow was observable on the faces of the Ministers who attended the opening of the International Exhibition. That night the Government had to meet the beginning of the end. Mr. W. H. Smith, successor of John Stuart Mill at Westminster, was the Opposition catspaw. He has a relish for picking Mr. Disraeli's chesnuts out of the tire; but he had to be content with live cinders this time. For a three-year-old politician Mr. Smith is a shrewd strategist and a tolerable speaker. .He had been primed with constitutional precedents drawn from the least popular chapters of Whig history. He likened the situation to that of Lord John Russell in1848, when he announced a deficit of fully three and a half millions, and proposed a corresponding addition to the income tax. The Government carried it by a sheer party majority.; but the House afterwards rued upon it. The Budget had to be whittled down in January, again in February, and then a third time in March. The deficitwas pushed on one side, and finally disappeared. Two years later there was a Ministerial confession that the pnblic service had not suffered by this restricted regimen. Mr. Smith is not a practised enough debater to point morals neatly, bat he implied that the Opposition would fain be whittling again, and staving off difficulties. They have a not very distant hope of ripening the country for a dissolution. Mr. Smith was profoundly sympathetic with the " lower middles," who are always ' pictured to the Legislature as struggling' against, a crushing weight of income tax. His seconder, a harder-Bhell Tory, Mr. Iaddell, was disgusted with the unfairness and iniquity of raising all extra expenditure by direct taxation. Why not i let the whole community feel it by restoring ; -the grain duty, or reclaiming some of the lavish remissions that had been made on tea]? VINDICATION OF TTREUA r. ECONOMY. Mi*. Stansfeld drew the first line of Ministerial defence, and made it so strong as j to shake the heavier attack which was yet to come. He demonstrated that the Go vernment since it took office had caused no increase of expense which it needed to apo logize for. There was a nominal excess of the current year over 1868-69 of a million and three-quarters; but much of it had arisen from transfers. Surveys costing £128,000 a year had recently been placed on the Estimates for the first time ; the expenses of the Courts of Chancery and Bankruptcy, £371,000, had been brought ■over from the Fee Fond; and diplomatic salaries, hitherto charged to' the Con solidated Fund, now added £169,000 to the Estimates. There were exceptional items like the Census which had to answer for £138,000. The addition to the Education vote of £716,000 had qnite *as little to do with the administration of the country. In respect of national defences, he placed before the House two essential considerations. If , the retrenchments of the previous three i years had had to be relinquished as regards the army, a large portion of those effected in the navy still remained. The Naval Estimates in 1868-9 had amounted to £11,167,000; for the current year they were £9,766,000. What the Government j bad specially to account for was an augmen tation in the Army Estimates of nearly three { and Sk half millions. Bather more than a million of it (£1.047,000) was attributable j to the increased number of men and horses voted at the end of last session. The re serve forces were to realize the next increase of. folly half a million (£554,000). The supplementation of military stores, chiefly in guns and small arms, was estimated at £994,000; that of defensive works in • eluding torpedoes, at £288,000. The last two items might be transitional only, and the first two were not bonnd to be maintained if the future stats of Europe did not necessitate them. The abolition of purchase had been pat before the House as a question of £600,000 a year—an extra halfpenny of in come tax. The alternative of refusing or postponing that was to withdraw an essential condition of army reform, without which neither economy nor efficiency was possible. There was a half-and-half Opposition waiting its turn to assail the Budget. It tendered as a compromise the suggestion that only a penny should be added to the income tax, and the other half of the additional expen diture be realized by suspending the reduc tion of the. National Debt. How would the House and the country stand in the face of Europe if a fundamental policy guaranteed by tiie Statute-book should be pushed aside in order to avoid a trifling and temporary impost? THE BITTER LUXURY OF PANICS. Mr. Bernal Osborne's satire on the luxury of panics inspired a great deal of incon gruous oratory from the side ranks of the Opposition, and also from under the gangway. Mr. Richards, the ex-Secretary of the Peace Society, carries his denunciation of wars and rumours of wars to a bellicose pitch. His is not a whining, but a -whole-hearted ■Quakerism. He can show the panic mongers in more absurd colours than the drab of his own creed. He referred them to the alarming invasion of 1S47, which Louis Philippe carried out in 1848 with a cockboat for his fleet, and John Smith for his incog nito. He advised them to read over again the, history of the panic of 1862, as narrated by Mr. Cobden. At that time a general ■officer wrote to the pacific freetrader, ■offering to pay .ten guineas a year to a •charitable institution on condition of Mr. •Cobden paying him back £20,000 when the -invasion took place. The Manchester In firmary received ;that curious subscription for ; many years. As an abominator of panics , Mr. Richards objected to the Arming Organi sation Bill, and deplored the backsliding ex- j Jubited in.the increased Estimates. But he I -was.not going to support the motion. He had Zhopes in the redemption of the backsliding Government, bat he had none in its possible iWeeessors. Sir. JohnLubbock, "remembering ti\e great services it had rendered to the coiintiy, would cheerfully give it his vote." JMr. Aytoun, a Scotch^ Radical, was anxious to ktwp it in office until such measures as the Ballot Bill and the Scotch Education Bill had be«en placed beyond reach of Mr. Disraeli'^ manaouvring. Mr. Henley, the Con servative Nestor, has always an orbit of his own as distinct as Professor Fawcettis, and in many points assimilating to it. He evoked cheers from under the gangway by declaring that £te would vote for the motion, because he thought the expenditure proposed by Her Majesty's Government was—he had almost said—" profligate." He was savage in his contempt of the agitators who had disturbed the country, and worried innocent people by the fears they excited about some hundreds of thousands of men who were at the lame engaged in cutting each other's throats. MR. LOWE LAMENTS THE LOSS OF HIS ' ' BALANCE-WHEELS." The discomfited Chancellor found it hard to let the past alone. Every financial. 1 speech he has made since the mangling of his Budget has been retrospective and re gretful. He owned that he could be "fairly and reasonably taunted with having spoken against the particular pro position now advanced by the Government." The fact of the substitution only proved that the Government considered the original proposal a better one. The army scheme contained two classes of liability — one temporary, which they had wished to meet by an additional income tax; the other permanent, which they thought should fall on the community at large. The taxes pro posed on realized property and on mi article of universal consumption were considered fairly due to such a national work. They were the balance-wheels of the Budget, and would have spared the class -which suffers unduly from the income tax. When the Government found that the new imposts were unacceptable they determined not to propose others which might have become equally unpopular. "The reputation of a new tax ought to be dear to a Chancellor of the Exchequer," quaintly observed the financier, who has always troubled himself least about sparing popular corns. When a tax is damned once it maybe damned for all time coming. If the expenditure was to be authorized at all incomes must bear it. The alternative of suspending the liquidation of terminable annuities for a year was impracticable. Mr. Lowe gave a very intricate but uninteresting demonstra tion of tbe fact that the Government bad no control over such annuities. They were issued and redeemed by an operation of the National Debt Commission exercised on Savings Bank funds. Mr. Lowe did not fear that hostile ingenuity had any other embar rassments to suggest. He would say frankly that "they had made, not the provision they should have liked best, but the best that circumstances permitted, and he had every confidence in tire House, however little it might have in him, that it would not allow them to fail." ME. GLADSTONE REVIEWS HIS ADMINISTRATION. Mr. Stansfeld's masterly demonstration of the economy which had been affected by the Government previous to the intervention of military exigencies cleared the ground for the Premier. He did not require to burrow into figures and to load his argument with details. The facts had been broadly placed before the House, and Mr. Gladstone applied himself to deepening and concentrating the impression they had created. If they had proposed great augmentations, they had effected great reductions. Even after the three millions now asked for had been voted there would be a net saving on their ad ministration of millions, and a diminu tion of the National Debt by ten millions Yet they could present lower Estimates than they had found on coming into office. They had relieved the army of all the garrisons which it had been obliged to main tain in non- military colonies. They had curtailed the naval estimates by abolishing those fleets and squadrons which formerly studded every sea. The increased expen diture now demanded would, as far aa he could judge, be transitional. It imposed two questions upon the House—first, how it should be authorized; and, second, how it should be provided. He did not apprehend that there would be a reversal of the funda mental votes on which the Estimates were based. Then the expenditure could only be raised either by adopting the Ministerial taxation or by the suspension of terminable annuities. He had been charged with advo cating terminable annuities on the ground that they might be easily set aside during casual emergencies like this. The nearest declaration that be had ever made to that was that they offered facilities for borrowing on a limited scale. There was no creditable precedent for interfering with the reduction of the National Debt, which had been How enough during the past half-century. To check it now, when the country could well afford additional taxation, would be a per nicious example for the future. SIR. DISRAELI THINKS HIMSELF SHABBILY TREATED. The Opposition has been taunted from tbe Treasury benches with being a Coventry brigade—a fortuitous concourse of discordant elements. Mr. Disraeli enquired why the Government had been so frightened at such a ridiculous and disreputable bogy. Why had it withdrawn its Budget? The Chancellor had proposed an indirect tax—the match duty—which was carried without discussion. That could not have been the reason. He had proposed a succession duty, which had not come on for discussion. It could not have been the reason. He had first declared that there was nothing more intolerable than a Budget consisting entirely of income tax, and then he had fallen back on the repudiated principle; last of all an attempt on the part of the House to endorse the original assertion of the Chancellor was to be met as a vote of no-confidence. Mr. Disraeli felt aggrieved by such erratic fickle ness. He had to complain also of a habit which had grown up on the Treasury benches of attributing all financial difficulties to Conservative agitation in favour of ex penditure. "If," Baid he, "wehad forced them into expenditure, what is the use of having 'a majority of a hundred and twenty?" The Tory Press consisted of but one newspaper. Tory platforms had not been noisy, considering the fervour of the times. He himself had opened his mouth but once during the autumn. " It was at a pastoral meeting. Thearcadiansimplicity, itistrue, was disturbed by a worthy friend of mine, a man of war, who said the country was in a defence less state, and seemed to alarm his neigh bours, but the only observations 1 made were of an encouraging character." The Conser vative whip had not furnished a favourable report, and Mr. Disraeli's peroration depre cated immediate snccess. It foresaw defeat, but died with a prediction on its lips that "this was not the first nor the last effort which would be made against the Budget. On every occasion, at every stage, and by every means we will oppose a proposition which we regard as unsound and impolitic." Mr. Disraeli had only 250 to speak for, and there were 350 against him. Only the irre concilable Radicals allowed themselves to be restrained from helping to re-establish the Government prestige. Personal antipathy to Mr. Gladstone was a palpable and un concealed motive in many of the leading cases. MB. TORRENS'S AMENDMENT—MAY 10. This is not the Mr. Torrens of the Seal Property Act and the Glenelg Artillery. It is the MacCnllagh of Finsbury, who has been a year or two longer in the House, and carries more strings to his bow than the Colonial question. He is an amateur bar rister, one of the gentlemen who get called for the sake of literary status rather than from hope of practice. He maintains a guerilla connection with the Fourth Estate, and knocks off Parliamentary sketches for provincial papers. - His position in the House is very solid, without being marred by any excess but a slight over-abundance of poli tical erudition. He has as intimate a know ledge of the diplomatic and legislative manoeuvres of the past half-century as if he had personally participated in them. In his party allegiance he has been steadier than most of the advanced Liberals, and when he turned against the Bndget there were qualms on the Treasury benches. He adopted a very moderate and plausible line of resis tance, admitting the necessity for enlarged expenditure, and accepting the Chancellor's Estimates, but simply demurring to the additional taxation. Considering that much of the military expenditure would benefit future years, he demurred to its immediate payment. Bat he did not urge th&t; the money should be openly borrowed— there did not require to be more <£.ebt created, but the liquidation now going cu might be temporarily suspended. In South i Australia your debt consists exclusively of terminable bonds, a certain "quantity of which fall due and have to be redeemed annually. English consols are irredeemable bonds, and have to be converted by the National Debt Commissioners into termin able annuities before they-can be liquidated. Since 1867 two or three poillions a year have been appropriated to ibis purpose, but the process of conversion is, as Mr. Lowe ex plained, not regalar—it is only intermittent. The Government hold a large quantity of terminable annuities on account of the Savings Bank and the Chancery Funds—an analogous arrangement to the Immigration Fund bonds which grew, with other mystifi cations, out of Sutherland's Act. The Radicals who followed Mr. Torrens assumed that these could be "absorbed" for a time by suspending payment, and allowing them to rnn-onas a book debt. The original pro position was to stave off the whole deficit in. that way; but after tbe restoration of the Government majority, Opposition demands bad to be lowered. Mr. Torrens moved an amendment for granting tbe Chancellor half of his desired increase on the income tax—a penny instead of twopence. " DIFFUSING A DEFICIT." That is not an unfamiliar practice on North-terrace, though you have the Finsbury economist to thank for inventing a pleasant name for it. Mr. Torrens propounded it as the distinctive principle of Radical finance that surpluses should be sparingly and deficits freely distributed. Hp countenances the charge brought so frequently by Mr. Disraeli against the Government that they are too hasty in remitting taxation and too abrupt in imposing it. The coincidence between last year's remissions—three millions —and this year's new impositions—two and three-quarter millions — has turned even loyal Liberals somewhat against Mr. Lowe's policy of surprises. Mr. Torrens worked upon that feeling skilfully. He discredited the low estimates of anticipated revenue. He dissented from a good many items of military augmentation, and what he approved were items not entirely chargeable on the current year, as the extra stores, which were in reality fort furniture ; the education vote, which would not come into effect till Christmas; and the abolition of purchase, which, if sanctioned at all, would .be fore stalling future revenue. Government had amplefunds for meeting the exceptional claims which they were bent upon incurring. They had lent a million and a half to the Irish Church Commissioners, and during the year they were to advance a further million and a half. They had no right to pretend to be short of cash and to threaten the country with fresh taxes. MB. BERNAL OSBORNE AS AN ECONOMIST. Ton may have forgotten the fervour with which the member for Waterford headed last year's alarm about Luxembourg and the Belgian Convention. He was a veritable saint then breathing inflammatory panic all around him. He is among the prophets now, and delivers the most jocose tirades against his original self. He hopes that "honour Able gentlemen will pause before tbey rush into this profligate expenditure," which implies twopence more of income tax. It is congenial work for him to dig up the retrenchment speeches uttered by Parlia mentary leaders in the anti-Prussian age. He has discovered a Disraelian 'passage which adjures the House "to terminate a disastrous system of wild expenditure by mutually agreeing, without any hypocrisy, not to give countenance to this enormous growth of armaments." From the Glad stonian Budget of 1861 he has ex humed an "opinion" that "if the, country was content to be governed at a cost of sixty to sixty-two millions per amnim —-he might even go as high as sixty- four millions—there was not any reason why it should not be done without an income tax." In Mr. Stansfeld's "virtuous resolution" of 1862 for reducing the national expenditure under seventy millions Mr. Osborne en trapped four Radical Ministers who bad sup ported it—the Secretary to the Treasury (Mr. Baxter), the First Lord of the Admiralty (Mr. Goschen), the Vice-President of the Education Council (Mr. Forster), and the Chairman of tire Board of Works (Mr. Ayrton). They" were now combined to force upon the House a seventy-two million Budget, with nearly three millions of extra taxation. How would the Premier defend it on bis next Lancashire tour? Could he say again that be had been forced into it by tbe House? Lest he should turn upon them, Mr. Osborne called on all Liberals who meant to be true to the principles tbey bad maintained in opposition "to cut down the Estimates and save tbe money of the tax payers." THE PREMIER DISCLAIMS "MAGNIFICENT PURITANISM." What would a leader of an Australian Assembly think of having to encounter half a dozen successive attacks from different points on one.single measure? Mr. Glad stone's speech on the 4th May was the sixth he delivered in defence or explanation of the Budget. He was naturally in a disturbed, not to say chaotic state of mind. Toward some of bis assailants, like Mr. Bernal Osborne, he was deprecatory, but the Con servatives were talked to in a thoroughly Cambyses vein. He candidly excused him self from the "strict lines of action" to which he had been held by Mr. Osborne. It was not bis duty to exact as a condition of his holding office that the whole scale of expen diture should be adjusted according to his private opinions. His honourable friend might have tbe heroic elevation and vigour to revive the age of chivalry in that way; such " magnificent puritanism" was denied to humble mortals. The greatest individual that lived could not arrogate such a power in any country that boasted of being self governed. The disclaimer of political omni potence led on to a delicate remonstrance with the Irreconcilables near the gangway. He regretted the incessant renewals of such debates, which could not overrule tbe pur pose of the majority, but which inter fered with the progress of great public measures. He did not blame their ostensible authors—the gentlemen on his own side of the House. Their " excellent instincts, but misguided conduct," had only made them the instruments of an obstruc tiveness which veiled itself. The change of tone with which Mr. Disraeli was spoken of may have been meant for the leaving off of the veil. When the Premier had concluded another long effort to convince Mr. Torrens that terminable annuities were one of the inscrutable secrets of tbe Exchequer, be "came to the flimsiest pretext he had ever heard advanced in that House." It was Mr. Disraeli's argument that the addition to the income tax in 1868 was a war tax—on account of the Abyssinian campaign—and essentially distinct from the present increase. The refutation was lame, and like most lame things it took a circuitous course. In Mr. Gladstone's opinion anything is a war tax which involves a demand on the resources of the country such as cannot be met by ordinary taxation. If he could not corner Sir. Disraeli with that definition he might give him a flying hit about tbe Abyssinian campaign itself. " Had tbe right hon. gentleman known—as he ought to have known—I say that very advisedly—the expenses of the Abyssinian war, he might possibly have taken more care about classing the income tax he demanded an account of it." Mr. Disraeli is as clever at 'retaliating spleen as Mr. Gladstone is sometimes weak in yielding to it. The retort was incisive and severe. " Did the right hon. gentleman mean to say that we were not at war with Abyssinia? He became furious at the idea of his present circumstances being thought different from those of 1868. I should lik« to hear the right hon. gentleman propose a war tax if upon a subject so essentially peaceable as that he can rouse himself to such a pitch of indignation. I forgot; the right hon. gentleman did propose a war tax once with regard to the Crimean war; and he was then as mild as a lamb." The con fidential tone intended to soothe Mr. Bernal Osborne was not lost upon the mocking chief of the Opposition. In a fine sneer af the _ Premier's subordinating his personal opinions Mr. Disraeli asked if he was to understand that the right hon. gentleman supported the Budget. For the first night or two his "heart had seemed weak, and his spirit low." Now perhaps his gallant soul had risen to the occasion, and he was to gulp the dose. Anyhow the House gulped it, for Mr. Torrens's amendment was lost by 46 votes. He had .248, and the Govern ment 294. RUMOURS OF A CONSTITUTION AL COALITION. Where there is smoke there must be fire, and where there is a crisis politicians always look for intrigue. During the series of no confidence debates which for a time has restored the Government majority, there were allusions to "tea-room cabals" mid "caves of Adullam," which may have been read as amply historical. They were mere than taunting reminiscences, for Adullam had been endeavouring to repeat itself. The moderate Conservatives and the backward liberals feel that the present organization of the House reduces them to mere buffers. They are about equally dissatisfied with their party connections, the one dreading a spurt of radicalism from Mr. Gladstone, the other disliking the negative gladiatorship of Mr, Disraeli They have been drawing together during the recent anomalous divi sions, and ambition naturally entered into the souls of their leading men. A project was mooted for the creation of a third party, to be dubbed "Constitutionals," and to take the place of the Peelites, when that section of the Tory party broke of on the corn-law question. The Earl of Derby was sounded | about the 'chieftainship, but it did not prove a congenial overture. His coldness, j aggravated by the difficulty of setting up a successor to Mr. Disraeli in the Commons, j blighted the project. The disaffectedj liberals broke off the negotiation, and having to choose between the warm and the shady sides of the House, they rallied round their old standard. In the division on Mr, Smith's motion only one liberal went into the wrong lobby. You can appreciate in Adelaide the guilty feeling of having passed the middle of the session withont any diminution of its work. That has begun to tell at West minster, since the financial debates closed. In one way it operates unjustly, and makes Mr. Lowe the scapegoat for many sins of omission and many sacrifices of valuable time. The hard hitting of his non- official career is being revenged upon him in the tearoom and at the Clubs. The tadpoles have it that his colleagues were completely taken in by his Budget, that they never saw it in Cabinet until the day before its de livery, and that they have not borne very graciously the misfortunes it entailed upon them. Excepting the Premier himself and Mr. Goschen, they showed veiy little interest in its vindication. A PERM ATTIRE MASSACRE OF TTTF. INNOCENTS. Mr. Gladstone has punished the House and himself for the waste of time caused by the interminable Budget debates. In one evening he withdrew four of his. leading Ministerial measures—Mr. Goschen's Local Eating Bills and the Licensing Bill. This last has not been condemned utterly. If the progress of remaining business should permit, the section for regulating the liquor trade may be rein troduced separately. The order of procedure now is to be the Army Regulation Bill, the Ballot Bill, and then the Scotch Education Bill. The first was taken into Committee immediately after this announcement, but not withont a last effort of the Horse-Guards interest to make a better bargain about pur chase. Major Anson moved as an amend ment on the motion for going into Committee that the value of the officers' commissions should be immediately paid to them, instead of by instalments extending over twenty-five years. Mr. Cardweil had a majority of sixty-three, in spite of which the battle had to be fought over again at the in stance of Mr. Muntz. The drift of his amendments, moved on the 15th inst., and very lengthily discussed, was that the operation should be completed within a year by the simple payment of regulation prices—sparing the regimental system and ignoring the over- regulation prices as a private concern of the officers. Mr. Cardweil objected that this would entail an extra cost of two millions, and leave the roots of the purchase system ready for fresh growth. In a keen division he retained his majority intact. The Bill has passed its pons asinomm with 260 secure votes behind it, and an opposition of less than two hnndred. MR. DISRAELI SPARRING AT MR. LOWE. The grimly morose Chancellor of the Ex chequer has been terribly badgered by his vis-a-vis in the front benches. Mr. Disraeli has delivered at least a dozen speeches against the Budget, and he could not allow the Income Tax Bill to be read a second time without another. He forced it in on Thurs day night, and filled the House .by exciting its expectation of a slashing assault. The only new stroke he had acquired was aimed at a harmless shadow—the inclusion of the renewed tea duties with the income tax. Mr. Lowe explained that in consequence of the old dispute with the Lords the tea duties bad to be granted annually. They did not ^require to be men tioned in the financial statement, as they did not affect it, and they had not been smuggled into this Bill, because it was unnecessary that there should be a preliminary resolution of the House. Mr. Bernal Osborne laughed at the discussion as "a mere post-mortem examination of the Budget, which had com mitted suicide and been buried at the four cross-roads." The "lower middles," who were Mr. Disraeli's present proteges, have heard the last word said on their behalf against the "unjust twopence." It is now being hurried through Committee. OPENING OF THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. This narrative needs a short exordium,, but if you take it quietly it may save you some trouble next year. Events which only happen once in a decennium entail a long retrospect. International exhibitions are, however, to be no longer decennial. They will henceforth be annual, coming with the Boyal Academy and Jack in-the-Green on Mayday. Should this year's be successful it will crown the edifice which was founded by Prince Albert and his coadjutors in 1851. The Commission of that day has been active throughout the whole of the intervening 20 years with an activity directed towards perpetuating what had at first been taken up by the public as a transient novelty. The organization of a monster raree show was but a superficial view of their purpose, though nine-tenths of their critics have unjustly inflicted it upon them. They had an eye in the future set upon the development and utilization of artistic training that is industrial as well as fine art. Unexpected prosperity in their first essay enabled them to advance very rapidly towards their ultimate object. Out of the handsome profits of the 1851 season, they purchased an estate at Kensington Gore, just across the road from the original site of the Crystal Palace in Hyde Park. A rectangle of thirty or forty acres was laid out in the centre, and surrounded by broad streets, the outer frontages of which were fenced, except of course that on the north side where Ken sington faces Hyde Park. On the east side a large reserve was made for the Kensington Museum, and a fine building is now being erected upon it. GALLERIES AND PLEASURE GROUNDS. The centre rectangle was entirely reserved for. exhibition purposes, and after a few tentative experiments it is now assuming a settled appearance. The "Brompton Boilers" of 1862 were squatted upon the south section, a colosseum in brick, which so disgusted its fastidious neighbours by its ungainly exterior that it was sold to some speculator, and transported to the north of London. The Royal Albert Hall, which now stands on the north section, was an attempt to redeem the failure of 1862. It was designed by the same architect, Captain Fowkes, but consi derably modified by his successor, Lieu tenant- Colonel Scott, who superintended its erection. All the censorousness of cockneydom cannot call it ugly. There is not another exterior to match it between this and Rome, and its interior has no parallel in the history of architecture. With the Royal Albert Hall the Commissioners at lust made a permanent beginning. The ad joining grounds had meanwhile been laid out for them and decorated by the Horticultural Society. The so-callsd gardens are not Elysian except on Show days, but. they Cess.a great deal of plain tasteful beauty. the accommodation of the Shows, which occur about once a month all through the year, spacious conservatories had been built near the site of the Royal Albert HalL There is a central building, elliptical in form, which can hold perhaps a couple of thousand people, and is available both as a promenade and a hall. It fronts the main terrace of the gardens, which breaks off into diverging flights of steps. Among the par terres beneath there is a series of elegant pavilions, which on Show days are occupied by .regimental bands. The main conservatory opens at either end into smaller ones, which, take a wide sweep to the right and left.' They are distinguished as the Quadrants, and the whole facade is crescent-shaped, reaching to about a third of the total depth of the gardens. The Exhibition buildings have been arranged so as to include this elegant suite of halls. From the Queen's entrance in the front of the Royal Albert one can pass through corridors on either side to the very back. The corridors converge there in a large alcove overlooking the main conservatory. A glass-roofed arcade has been erected which communicates with all the adjacent buildings. Two flights of steps starring from opposite aides meet on a broad tiled landingon the level of the con servatory floor. The upper floors of the side galleries are accessible by doors at either end of the arcade. The lower ones can be. readied as directly from the main conservatory. These are only vestibules to the galleries proper, which lead out from the conservatories down to the site of the 1862 building. That is marked by the old refreshment rooms, which have been spared to form a southern boundary and shut off the desolate waste beyond. This dingy, mottled, smoked quarter mile of brickwork is a mere link between the two special galleries. It squares off the area which the Albert Hall so beautifully rounds off in front. THE SCHEME OF ANNUAL EXHIBITIONS. Any one who has personal recollections of the Exhibition of 1862 may at once guess that much smaller provision had been made for the present occasion. The Commissioners intended so from the first. After 1862 they relinquished the cosmopolitan ambition which actuated them in the outset. The arts and industries of all nations brought together under one roof have much resembled Noah's ark for frequent repetition. And a decennium was a long period to measure universal progress by. The two objects — first, collecting exhibits; and second, judg ing them—had grown impracticable. Com missorial ingenuity suggested a classified and progressive system of illustration; certain branches being selected one year and certain others the next, until - the whole circle should be traversed. A cycle of seven or eight years was expected to suffice for a complete survey. That proposal was discussed and approved by the Com missioners in 1869, and all their subsequent operations have tended toward realizing it. If they have failed in anything it has been in explaining their altered intentions to the public. To the very hour of opening the new scheme was a mystery even among Londoners. Its con cealment provoked very disparaging but unfair comparisons with the mammoth collec tions of 1851 and 1862. Though the exhibits are said to number nearly 8,000, were the fine art and the pottery department excluded, there would not be a tithe of the articles which crowded the Brompton Boilers. The Commissioners may be a day behind the fair in explaining, as they do most elaborately, that they did not want to be deluged, and that they have had a narrow escape as it is. They repudiate the shoppy principles of competition and prize-giving. What they consider necessary to the promotion of indus trial art is quality and not quantity. So they have allowed themselves to be con verted to the Royal Academy system of Rhadamanthine selection. Admission into the galleries is to be final and conclusive guarantee of merit. They ask consideration l for the onerous and invidious task they have undertaken; but the sightseers, who love to wander in labyrinths of promiscuous curiosities will for a time at least lament the departure of the cosmopolitan Noah's Ark. OUTSIDE AND IN. Kensington-road carries the traffic of Piccadilly westward between Hyde Park and the Exhibition Grounds. It is too near Belgravia to be much tainted with Re pubficanism, and it possesses just a sufficient number of public-bouses to be able to muster a fair show of bunting. On Monday morn ing there were several lines of union jacks hung acrosB the street; the standard symbols of London loyalty, and almost the sole notion of decorative art that pervades the population. The hour of opening was midday; the weather was delicious after such a week of treacherous sloppy showers as had wound up April, yet the crowd did not turn out very early. All the doors were being stormed by fair invaders in spring costume before the outside public began to manifest much interest in the proceedings. Equipages luxurious, handsome, respectable, and seedy, rolled after each other to the various entrances. Honorary and official guests were set down at the porticoes of the Albert Hall; the Ministers and Diplomatic Corps on the east side; High Sheriffs, Mayors, Provosts, Masters of City Companies, Committees of Selection, Reporters, and Commissioners on the north side. Season ticketholders had to drive round the Hall to the centre Conservatory, while other tickets entitled only to admission at the side entrances, which meant exclusion from the principal ceremony of the day. The less privileged multitude did not surrender with out a struggle with the privileged few. The filling of the Conservatory, though it was the smallest building in the Exhibition, gave three hours'-hard and disagreeable work to the police. The unfortunate could not be made to understand that invidious dis tinctions had been established, but the in exorable X did his duty to the letter, even when it entailed squabbling with foreign ambassadors and threatening the sacred majesty of Parliament. There were two sections of the demonstration and two publics —the elite within the Conservatory, who witnessed the Prince's levee; and the ten thousand in the galleries, who jostled the procession while" wickedly pretending to admire it. Six thousand will not be over guessing the total number within the grounds. ARRIVAL OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. The Princeof Wales and Princess Christian, to whom Her Majesty had delegated the duty of representing her at the opening, were to have started from Buckingham Palace at half-past 11. Suddeu indisposition pre vented the attendance of the Princess, and her place was taken by the Countess of Flanders, now a guest at Windsor. The royal cortege consisted of seven carriages, and came by way of Constitution Hill to the front entrance of the Albert Hall, where His Royal Highness was received by the Com missioners. He had not many Court notabilities in his train. His portly relative the Duke of Cambridge, and the plump Princess Mary of Teck, were almost the only familiar representatives of the Court, i There were two German Princes—John of Glucksburg, and our own popular Christian of Schleswig-Holstein. The Austrian Prince Teck had also a small role in the ceremony. It was not so very long past midday when the bustling and fidgeting of the Marshals in the arcade above the conservatory drew all eyes towards the corridor, which was the only visible part of the Royal Albert Hall. The High Sheriffs, the Mayors, the Provosts, the Committeemen, and the foreign Commissioners had been ranged in groups along the arcade with their titles painted on tin boards over their heads. A clear passage in front of the Mayors was to lead the royal party to the right-hand stair, and thence down into the Conservatory, which it had to cross to a canopied dais in front. The gentlemen to be presented were to follow in order, ascend the dais at the right-hand corner, march past, descend at the left, and then mount the left hand flight of stairs, to be formed into procession for the march through the galleries. They were stupidly posted in the arcade, those who were required first being put away at the back, while the Provosts who were to bring up the rear kept continually blocking the van. The Prince having been received by the Commissioners-at the Queen'B entrance, entered from the corridor with the Countess of Flanders on his arm. He was ushered in by Lord Granville and the Duke of Backing ham— two ex-Colonial Secretaries, who might have done something to prevent J the blank of colonial representation, ,■ which, but for Sir Daniel Copper's . efforts on behalf of New South Wales, would have been absolute. The Princess of Teck was led in by the Count of Flanders. The Duchess of Sutherland followed as the principal lady, in waiting. Then there was a ruck of unromantie males, four or jive of them wearing the ministerial uniform. Bat Cabinet Ministers were very Quakers as to tailoring beside the plumed , Field Marshals and vdveted Chamberlains, who in turn had to suffer eclipse on the appearance of the goldlaced flunkeys. People noticed some odd combinations hi the procession. He must have been a wag who paired off Disraeli with the Home Secretary. The joke could only have been improved by substituting Mr. Lowe for Mr. Brace. Bat the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Premier had both avoided profane comments by staying away. They had more serious work before them, for the Budgdet was that night to be regularly assailed by the Conservatives. The letter of the Opposition was more than ever an Asiatic mystery; he had a maliciously meek expression which some attributed to bad health, and others perhaps more correctly to tenderness for Mr. Bruce. THE PRESENTATIONS. The levee was the climax of the cere monial, and, as extremes always will meet most expectedly, it proved also the soul of the fun. What an assemblage of guys one has before him when all the High Sheriffs, Bumbailiffs, Mayors, Provosts, and ancient beadledom of the Three Kingdoms are sum moned together on occasions like this. Lon doners enjoy immensely the periodical parade of medievalism. After all, Corporations must have souls of some kind, or how could : they invent so many queer- fashioned cloaks, and hang them ronnd with four-and-twenty earat chain cables. Every municipality has a distinctive oddity either in the gown, the chain, or the headpiece of its Chief Magis trate. The sedate thing is black silk, edged with brown fur, and a rope, not of pearls, like Lothair's, bnt of massive gold links, thrown round the shoulders. But modern ingenuity is perverting the ancient model. There are fast Mayors in these days who don purple silk edged with white fur. There are academic Mayors who reduce themselves to the rigid simplicity of Geneva cassocks, There are rollicking Mayors who top off their togas with billycock hats. There are monkish Mayors who looked at South Ken sington as if they had emerged from one of the Benedictine cells of Father Ignatius. There are • flunk eyish Mayors who powder their hair and put their weasaned calves in black silk stockings. There are Mayors who take after the beadle, and provoke enquiry as to how they have wandered forth without their staff of office. There are Mayors who evidently imagine'] themselves to be Turkish bashaws, else why should they come out in diamond-sprinkled fezzes ? There are Mayors who must have been overpowered by their first sight of the tragedy of Hamlet, for they never appear officially without the solemnizing black velvet of tbe Danish Prince. There are Mayors who have advanced pretty in their subjection to petty government. I'saw one at the Exhibition whose better-half had taken down her red damask silk bed curtains and converted them into a robe of state for her happy spouse. But of all the municipal who 7 cures who bobbed and stumbled and bobbed again as they passed His Royal Highness, the coolest was the last. He must have arrayed himself as the model Mayor of the future. He was a young provincial about thirty, with a short cut surtout, tweed trousers, and yellow bnckskin gloves. Let your notables who have been presented at St. James's imagine what a costume that was for a levee. Can Republican tenets be sapping the foundations of local government? The wearers of odd dresses have generally to pay the penalty of odd action. The Mayors and Provosts were far from feeling at home in their plush. They were patently nervous and disconcerted. Such a mob of them bad to cross the dais that they did not allow each other much time. The pursy waddling institution which had girt its loins with a 8word, got the martial weapon between its legs as it was ascending the steps to the dais, and was pitched into the royal presence on all fours. The 2,000 spectators saluted fallen greatness with a roar of laughter. The Prince could not bow until he had held his sides for a second or two. The plump Princess of Teck shook her violet skirts with, merriment. The dignified seig niors who followed trotted past like school boys after this breaking of the ceremonial ice. They had costumes if you will. West End tailoring was abashed by tbe magnifi cence of the diplomatic corps and of the Foreign Commissioners. After Count Ap ponyi and Mus suras Bey, Mr. Bruce and Mr. Ayrton might have been received as < genteel members of the police force. The j new Court dress, which was rather exten sively illustrated, appeared like a feeble parody of Baron Posner's Magyar costume. The ample coat of black velvet has been cut down into a miserable swallow-tail, with steel buttons. The embroideied andtasselled Eants overlapping a handsome shoe-buckle, ecomes in the St. James's edition a pair of plain legs, showing neither shape nor orna ment. A second-class London theatre could, without turning out half its wardrobe, have dressed the whole company better than they had dressed themselves. The presentations lasted about half- an-hour, and all of them were assumed to have some connection with the Exhibition. The staffs, military and civil, the Committees of Selection, the Council of the Society of Arts, the Governors of the Horticultural Gardens, the reporters on the several departments, and the Com missioners, home and foreign, offered them selves as sponsors for the scheme. The exhibitors were answered for by Municipal authorities, by Chairmen of Chambers of Commerce, and by the fossil standard-bearers of the City Companies. THE PROCESSION THROUGH THE GALLERIES. When the presentees had effected their personal exhibition on the dais they were guided through a double line of beefeaters to the opposite side of the enclosure in which the levee was held. It brought them in due time to a flight of stairs facing that by which they had descended. Thirty-six stone steps were not an exhilirating prospect for alder manic obesity weakened, by two hours' prior fasting and pushing about. But their Wor ships struggled upward, maeebearers, rooks nests, and all. They were marshalled into the east gallery, and started off through a pretty collection of Belgian oil-paintings to make the tour of the building, a walk of over a mile, which terminated at its starting-point again. When the last of the presenters had made his bow, Colonel Scott, the Secretary to the Commissioners and Architect of the Exhibition Buildings, handed to the Prince a report, which was taken as read. The answer was as concise as the address. His Royal Highness then advanced to the front of "the dais, and in a full, clear voice ex claimed, "On behalf of Her Majesty the Queen I proclaim this International Exhibi tion open." Trumpets in the gallery and artillery in the gardens spread the announce ment far and near. The Prince, stepping out on the balcony, repeated it to the thousands lounging on the terrace. There was no cheering either without or within. One .belated and timorous attempt in the conservatory was smothered by the bray of the trumpets. Ministers, diplomatists, and Princes prepared to clear the dais. They formed in their original order, and, crossing the passage-way, took the left-hand stairs, . where the municipal advance gnard, already projecting far into the east gallery, waited for them. The route of the procession was very straight and simple, until it quitted the foreign picture gallery and dived into the earthenware courts below. Then it became subterranean and tortuous. Through a long bare passage, past pyramids of shot and shell, with big guns from Woolwich brush ing against {he noeee-of caparisoned in the |unonii>. ^ ... Mdvrinkmg Spiers & Pond's refreshment-rooms, it 4 njT_. «*tai iMwne io gallery. Then Aimfe - of five iTOmSjClose-packeawithhondescript treasnres oi BritiRi) . m+., Theee brought it back. weary and travel-stained, to the arcade belundtheRoyal Albert Hall, where is dis- : .covered a lost link of the procession—part of Hie diplomatic corps had been cot offby a- , flank movement of the police. The Princ& . and his suite, left by the eastern corridor as they had come. THE. INTERNATIONAL OOwvpt ' The Royal Albert Hall had to be brought into the ceremonial somehaw, or the public would have been indignant at their three s hours' imprisonment in the conservatory. The most popular of the fine arts—mode required its services, and/so at S o'dbck it was thrown open for an international concert. Four compositions, had been provided by representative artiste of England, France^ Germany, and Italy. The four composers each conducted the performance of his own work, and carried with him such measure of" applause as it elicited. The Italian champion, was Ohevalier Pensnti, who furnished a chorale to words by Lord Houghton.,. It was sung without chorus, andlacked the impies siveness of ecclesiaflacaL music. M. Gounod's " Gallia," a motet, was written to Scriptural words, arranged by Mr. HoUingshed. Its rhythmic wail uttered the woes of France in. tones that represented Paris as another Jerusalem. Dr. Ferdinand Hillersymbolized. Germany in a Grand March, winch, if mot so original as Mendelssohn's, was powerful,. and conducive to great orchestral effect. Mr. Arthur Sullivan's cantata, a scenic piece, " On Shore and Sea," had a vary un-Englisti. libretto, but elicited great enthusiasm never theless. Mr. Sullivan is the first man in the coming generation of English composers. 