SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The Duffy Ministry is still in office, tut portentous clouds are arising which, threaten to darken the political horizon, and which, are indicative of a coming storm. During the month consider- able progress has been made with the Estimates; that is to say, all those relative to which there was no great difference of opinion have been passed, those which, were likely to provoke either hostile criticism or an ani- mated debate having been postponed for future consideration. In the way of practical legislation very little pro- gress has been made, and the manner in which the few measures which the Ministry has submitted have been re- ceived only served to show how vory little control the Government exercises over the House, and how apparently insecure is its tenure of office. Still, with, all this, the Administration may last much longer than is generally sup- posed, for there is but little cohesion amongst the members of the Opposi- tion j and although there is, without question, a majority of the Assembly adverse to the existing Government, there is as yet no majority sufficiently united to place a strong Government in its place, A few weeks, however, may alter all this, and even before the depar- ture of the next mail the position of parties may be entirely altered. This is the more probable because Mr. Duffy himself has to sustain the .whole weight of Government. Besides transacting the mere routine duties of their departments, tho colleagues of the Chief Secretary-with the single excep- tion of the Treasurer-do scarcely any " thing. The Treasurer, of course, has had to get his estimates through the House, and eveD whilst doing this, he has been dependent upon his chief to help him through every difficulty which has arisen. In scarcely any debate ?which arises do the other Ministers take any part. This was particularly noticeable a short time since, when the Chief Secretary asked the Legisla- tive Assembly to appoint a select com- mittee to inquire into and report upon the question of remodelling the electoral representation of the colony upon the baaÍ3 of population, as shown by the last census. The proposition of the Chief Secretary met with determined opposi- tion from all sides of the House. The Assembly refused to relieve the Go- vernment of the responsibility of initiat- ing so important a measure, and, ulti- mately, Mr. Duffy was compelled, in order to avoid defoat, to withdraw his proposition. Throughout the whole of the debate which took place upon this question not a Bingle member of the Government, with the exception of the Chief Secretary, even attempted to speak. At one time the very fate of the Government appeared to be imperilled ; but the several Ministers all Bat still and made no sign. Such an exhibition of utter incapacity was never before witnessed on the Government benches. Mr. Duffy introduced the resolutions, Mr. Duffy supported them, and Mr. Duffy with- drew them. It was all Mr. Duffy. The manner in which Mr. Duffy attempted to deal with this matter of electoral reform is an apt illustration of the way in which the Chief Secre- tary attempts to maintain the credit of his Government as a Ministry of Action without doing anything at all. He had promised a measure dealing with this subject, but was evidently afraid of the responsibility of introducing it, for perhaps on no other question could there be found such diversity of opinion. With the view, therefore, of appearing to keep his promise, and of providing an escape from all disagreeable inquiries, he proposed to remit the whole subject to a committee, from which he not only carefully excluded himself, although the mover, but every other leading member of the llouse. Had it succeeded, the move would have been a good one, but Mr. Duffy presumed too much when he imagined the House could be so easily hoodwinked. His mauouvre was seen through, and the Assembly would have none of it. Tho actual progre3n of legislation is detailed in another column, and there is Teally but very little to say respecting it. In the Legislative Council nothing has been done beyond making some consider- able progress with the Marine Board Bill, a measure which was introduced by the late Government. The Chamber only meets about once a week, as the Government do not care to trust their re- presentative in the Council with any busi- ness which has not already been prepared for him in the Legislative Assembly. Some progress has been made with a bill to amend the Post-office Statute, the object being to reduce the postage on town letters to one penny, on news- papers to a halfpenny, and to legalise the issue of a penny postage card through the whole colony. The mea- sure is receiving considerable opposition, as our postal service ia already being conducted at a very serious loss, and, on a division which took place on Thursday laBt, the Government only succeeded by .ftfuajority of one in carrying the pro . "vjUition for a differential rate of postage now it ÍB not decided what the rates shall be. The new Mining Law Amendment Bill has been referred to a select com- mittee, and the measure, when it comes from that body, will bear a very different appearance to that which it bore when introduced by the At- torney-General. It was supposed by the Government to be an improve- ment on the bill submitted by the Soli- citor-General of the last Administration ; but the House did not take the same view of the case, and declined to pro- ceed with, its consideration in the shape in which it was presented to it. The most important measure which still awaits the consideration of Parlia- ment is the Railway Extension Bill, which has been read a first time. This measure proposes to proceed with four different and distinct lines-exclusive of the Nortli-Ea8toin line, now in progress -simultaneously. A more recklessly extravagant proposition could scarcely be made, but thiB is a secondary considera- tion with the present Government. The reason why euch a course has been adopted is obvious, The Ministry hope to conciliate the country, and to secure the votes of the members for all the districts interested. It is just possible, however, that in trying to please every- body, Mr. Duffy and his colleagues -will find that they have pleased nobody. In another column will be found a summary of all the leading points of Lieut.-Colonel Sankey's report upon the water works of the colony. The verdict contained in the report may be very briefly stated. The works are a wretched bungle. Some of them are badly con- structed, the drainage areas have been erroneously calculated, and it will yet take an immense sum to carry out the original intentions of Parliament. Par- liament has not yet taken the report into consideration, and, of course, it is idle to speculate on what steps will ulti- mately be adopted in the matter. SOCIAL. An intercolonial conference will bo held at Melbourne on the 15th September, The principal subject to be considered is tho border duties treaty between this colony and New South Wules, which expires in January next, but tbo question of establishing a fortnightly mail service with England, and other matters, will also bo considered. New South Wales and South Australia send delegates to tho con- ference, and it is not improbable that repre- sentatives from some oí the other colonies wil1 be present. One of the subjects to be brought before the conference is a proposition from the U.S., N.Z., and Australian Mail Steamship Company to carry mails from England, via San Francisco, to Australia direct, Melbourne being the terminus of the main line. Propo- sitions to this efftct have been laid before the Chief Secretary by a gentleman represent- ing tho owners of the Uno, and the idea thus promulgated is to run the steamers from San Francisco to tbo Navigator's Islands (which will serve as a coaling station), and thonco to Melbourne, a branch line connecting the New Zealand ports. It is stated that one of the steamers of this lino-probably the Nebraska -willshortly visit this port, and tako passen- gers and loading for San Francisco. The Victorian Government, if Parliament consents, have determined upon obtaining a sui-ply of new silver coinage on terms proposed by the Imperial authorities. The Victorian Government will havo to pay for the silver when delivered toitsaçont, together, probably, with tho cost of packing, freight, insurance, &c;, the banks, who have been applied to on the subject, having declined to bear any por- tion of the expenso. The nominal valuo of the defaced coinage called in will be paid upon its delivery at the Melbourne Mint. The present btate of tho matter is, that tho Government will bring down a vote to cover the charges, leaving Parliament to deal with tho question as it pleases. All the other Australian colonies having now withdrawn, or signified their intention of withdrawing, from the postal jiontract with the Peninsular and Oriental Company, uUo Victorian Government bos been compelled to do so ulso, or else become responsible for the whole amount of the subsidy. Accordingly, tbis month's mail will convey a formal notice ot tho withdrawal of this colony from the contract, The period of notice required under the conditions of the contract is two years clear, so that there will bo ample time before tbo termination of tho present service to make some other arrangements. By the English mail steamer which arrived in Melbourne on the 20th August, Mr. Hugh George, manager of The Argus, returned to the colony. While in England, Mr. George, as agent of 'The Argus and tho Sydney Morning Herald, succeeded in making an arrangement with Router's Telegraph Com- pany which will enablo him to supply tho newspapers composing,the Australian Asso- ciated Press Association with telegrams from Europe, on tho completion of the through line, upon terms which it is believed will be found highly satisfactory by the colonial press. Mr. George had an interview with the managing directoroftheAnglo-Australian Submarino Telegraph Company, at which ho was assured that tho Bubmarine portion of tho telegraph line would bo completed in November next. Tho necessity of increasing tho length o£ the Graving Dock at Williamstown, so as to enablo it to accommodate the largest vessels now in course of construction in any part of tho world, has been urged upon tho Govern- ment so often that at length a promise has been mado that, if Parliament approves of tho plans which are about to be submitted, tho necessary extension shall be carried out. It is proposed to lengthen the dock by about 50ft., atacostof £20,000. A sub-committee of the Melbourne Cham- ber of Commerce, appointed to consider tho question of tho sales of Austra- lian wool in London, has brought up a report adopting generally the recom- mendations of the wool sub committeo of last year, and urging, further, the desirability of attention being given to the moro careful sampling and lotting of wools, the extension of facilities for the examination of the wool by intondinc buyers, tho entire abolition of draft, and a modification of the existing rules as to advance biddings. The sub-committee was of opinion that the present advance of one halfpenny por pound on low-class wools was too large, and suggested that a minimum advanco of ono farthing per pound on all biddings up to Is. should be taken, and one halfpenny per pound above that iiguro. These recommendations havo been adopted by the general committee and the secretary has been instructed to write to the London associa- tion, asking that body to endeavour to give practical effect to the suggestions. A despatch was received by the last English mail with reference to the case of G. H. Supple, who was convicted and sentenced to death more than 12 months ago, for the murder of ex-Detectivo Walsh, who was shot in endeavouring to protect Mr. G. P. Smith from Supple's attack. A law point reserved in MB favour was argued beforo tho full Court, and decided against him, wheroupon his friends appealed to the Privy Council. It ia now learned from the despatch received by the Government, that for want of money to prosecute the appeal, it has been abandoned. The whole matter has therefore been remitted to tho Victorian Government. The sentence of death recorded against Supple will bo altered, tbero is reason to believe, to im- prisonment for life, but the Cabinet has not yet finally considered the subject. The arrangements for the proposed expedi- tion to Cape York to witness the total eclipse of the sun on December 12, have not yet been completed. The plan suggested by the Royal Society was, that a steamer should be chartered and persons invited to join tbo expedition by paying £25 each. A good many have come forward, but not sufficient to make up the amount required to pay for the steamer, and tho Government, therefore, has beon asked to give its aid in the matter. The Government has referred the question to tho boord of visitors to the Observatory for their opinion, and it is understood that they have strongly urged that liberal assistance should be given. Should the Government consent to provide or gua tanteo a sum of about £500 or £600 the i nnangetnents can be at onco completed. Preparations for the observations are already bting mado at the Melbourne Observatory, and shonld tbe London Royal Society's eclipse instruments (the use of which has been pro- mised) arrive in time, the observing staff will bo fully and handsomely equipped. Cape Sidmouth, which lies nearly in the very centre of the path of totality, is the locality at which the expedition will be landed ; but it is con- sidered desirable that the observers should be divided into two parties at least, to lessen the risk of having the observations obstructed by clouds, which prevail in the form of tropical rain squalls at that time of tbe year. The Koyal Society of Victoria held its annual coni>cr«asioîie on tho 14th August, when the president (Mr. R. Ii. J. Ellery) read the customary address, reviewing the progress of science in Victoria and elsewhere during the year. He expressed his regrot that the various scientific papers read before the society during the last year or so had not yet been printed, owing to the want of funds for the purpose. This, ho said, was the moro to be regretted because the society was thus unable toreciprocateregularly with the kindred socie- ties andpublicinstitutionsinlîuropo, America, and other parts of the world, who continued regularly to forward their transactions and publications. The council, however, hoped to be able to resume the publication of the trans- actions beforo very long. Alluding to the great Melbourno telescope, Mr. Ellery said that it was doing its work well, and men- tioned that one of the most prominent results obtained by it was the certainty that some of the large nebular, especially of Argus, wero undergoing very marked and rapid changes. The more precise astronomical work under- taken by our Observatory-tho accurate determination of the positions of the stars of the Southern skies-was progressing well, and tho value of the contributions of the Mel- bourne Observatory to stellar astronomy, especially that pertaining to the Southern heavens, was now fully acknowledged by scientific individuals and societies of Europe and America. On the subject of the siirultaneousness of magnetic dis- turbances in the northern and southern hemispheres, Mr. Ellery stated that an inter- change of observations between the officers of the Melbourne Observatory and Professor Heis, of Munster, Westphalia, had elicited the interesting facts, that whenever an aurora australis was seen here the aurora borealis was also seen in some part of the northern hemisphere, and that the dates of great magnetic disturbances in Melbourne, on which, however, no aurora australis was'ob- served, coincided in most coses either with ¿reat magnetic disturbances in the northern hemisphere, or with the occurrence of the aurora borealis combined. ' Tho remarkable Tichborne case is as fruit tul a topic of conversation, and has excited almost as great an amount of interest here, as it appears to have done at home. Additional prominence has boon given to the subject by the inquiries which are now being prosecuted iii the colony with the view of obtaining in- formation respecting a statement maao in court, by the claimant shortly before the de- parture of the July mail from Eng- land, to the effect that in 1859 he was charged under tbo name of Morgan, with horaestealing at Castlemaine, iii com- pany with Arthur Orton, aud acquitted. It is understood that the case for tnedefenco is, that the claimant is Orton, and therefore the question whether it is possible now to prove this statement of the claimant, and to asceitain that two men, one of whom was named Morgan and the other Orton, were ajecused of horse-htealing at the time and placo mentioned, is most important. Mr. Jeune, ono of the counsel engaged in the dose for the claimant, arrived in Mel- bourne by the last mail, aud has been prosecuting inquiries in the mutter. The legul représentatives of the other side have also been making investigations with the object of making out, if possible, that the claimant is tho Mime person as the man. tried at Castlemaine under the name of Orton .Endeavours have beon made to discover the prosecutor on that occasion, who, it was sup- posed, would be able to give conclusive evi- dence on the point, but, though one man has como forward, ho does not appear to bo the right person. Amongst the gossip which has appeared in the papurs in relation to tho case is a statement that until the last month or two there was a man living at Bal- larat, who was wrecked on the South Ameri- can coast some l8 years ago, and was picked up with others by a vessel, and brought to this colony. .This man, it is said, stated not lung ob» to nis menas mm, mere was amongst the shipwrecked, a person calling himself De Castro, whoso appearance coincided with the descriptions which have been given of the dlaimant. The author of this story is. how- ever, now missing, and it is believed ne has started to work his passage in a ship to England. 1 A visitation has been held by His Excellency the Governor at the Melbourne University, for the purpose of investigating certain irre- gularities and illegalities alleged to have taken place in connexion with the action of the council in nominating a board inEngland to select a professor of classics, in place of Mr. M. H. Irving. In the instructions to the board were conditions that the gentleman delected should not be in holy orders, and that ho should be a graduate of Cambridge, Oxford, or Dublin. These restrictions were Objected to by several members of the University as invidious, and also as illegal, because, as it was 6aid, the council had no power to limit its choice. Another grievance was that professors were precluded from sitting in Parliament or joining political associations. Viscount Canterbury, who was assisted by Mr. Justice Molesworth as assessor, ¡umouueed that his decision would be given on a futuro day. j The senate of the Melbourne University has refused to accept the Greoves Manchester Unity Exhibition on the ground that it " does hot approve of any foundation in the Uni- versity, which ' is not open to all classes and denominations of Her Majesty's subjects." This was simply re-auirmiug the decision arrived ut when tho proposal for tho Greeves Scholarship was discussed. The senate then i efused to accept the scholarship, because the donors sought to have a condition inserted in the statute limiting the advantages of tho foundation to the sons of irrem burs of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows. An ex- hibition was then proposed instead of a scholarship, hut the senate did not regard this as altering the case in any degree. With regard to the Engineering Scholarship, for the foundation of which the sum of £1,000 has been presented to the University by an un- known donor, a statute dealing with it has been adopted. The scholarship is to be of the value of £45 a year, tenable for two years. { In the annual report of the Board ol Visitors of the Melbourno Observatory which has recently been presented to the Governor it is stated that the work with the great tele cope has been diligently carried on during the past Jear, and a great number of most important drawings of nebular have been made. Experi- ments are being made for the purpose of hsceitaining the best method of reproducing these drawings. Regarding the great telescope it is reported that the A speculum, which was re-polished by Mr. Le Sueur, bas given satisfac- tion, and, with respoct to the telescope gene- rally, the Government astronomer has re- ported :-" Further experience with the great telescope, and of the conditions which affect its performance, has very much enhanced our opinion of it, and the drawings and other results obtained unmistakably show that ex- cellent work can bo done with it On really favourable occasions, the performance, even with very high powers, is exceedingly good." The movement for a Caxton Centenary celebration is progressing. A general meeting has been held, at which it was resolved to devote the proceeds of the celebration to the establishment of a Caxton fund, for benevo- lent and educational purposes, and a sub- committee was appointed to carry out the details of the movement. The subcommittee has since brought up a report showing tho progress which has been mado. The Chief Secretary (the Hon. C. G. Duffy), Professor M'Coy, and the Rov. Charles Clark, have consented to givo lectures in aid of the funds, and tbere is a probability of obtaining the aid of other gentlemen, including Mr. An« thony Trollope, who is now in Queensland. Various other proposals havo boen ap- proved of, including a cricket match be- tween members of Parliament and members of the press, and an amateur dramatic per- formance by members of Parliament, With regard to the commemorative festival, this will not take placo until all the other enter- tainments bave been disposed of, and nothing definite has yet been done in the matter. Practically the Sir Walter Scott centenary celebration in Melbourne was a failure. The affair havici; fallen into the hands of a small clique connected with the St. Andrew' Society, the celebration was deprived of anything like universality of character, and was limited to the laying of the foundation-stone of a St. Andrew's Hospital, at Emerald-bill, and a oon cert in the evoning at the Melbourne Town-hall, whioh 'Waa certainly largely at- tended. At Ballarat there was a soirée, at which a prize poem on Sir Walter Scott was read ; and at Geelong, a banquet, . literary soirée, and ball. An exaggerated statement made in the Legislative Assembly the other day as to the supposed prevalence of pleuro-pneumonia amongst our cattle has caused some temporary uneasiness, but the apprehensions ? of the public have been allayed by the reports of tho inspector of the city abattoirs, and the unanimous testimony of the dealers in stock. Cases of pleuro-pneumonia are, no doubt, to bo met with in all parts of the colony, but it seems that, as a rule, our cattle have never been more freo from disease At all events, tho system of inspection carried out at the public slaughterhouses is such that there is no danger of diseased meat finding its way into consumption. Some score or so of the Melbourne bakers have been prosecuted at the instance of the police for adulterating their bread with alum, and have been fined at the City Police Court in various sums, according to the extent of the adulteration. In some cases the amount of alum found in the loaves was as much as l8 grains to the pound, and in others the quantity did not amount to more than 4 grains to the pound. On appeal to the Court of General Sessions some of tho convictions were quashed, the Government analyst having admitted that amongst the constituent parts of bread there was alum naturally to the extent of two grains to the pound. In the cases where considerable quantities of alum had been found on an alysis, the convictionswere sustained, but the point has been raised that tho prosecutions ought to have beon brought under the Bakers and Millers Statute, in- stead of under the Health Act; and if the Supreme Court should uphold the objection, all the cn.se» will fall through. The bakers, as a mutter of course, have denied the use of the adulteiating material, alleging that it is the millers who have used the alum, in order to give a whiter appearance to the Hour. The millers, for their part, have denied the impu- tation, and the only thing which is certain is, that a good deal of the bread supplied to the public is largely adulterated with alum, u% in no doubt the case in other countries than this. A sad affair took place the other day at Brighton, when Mr. Lawrence Cockburn, a squatter, met his death by taking a dose of liniment, containing belladonna, in mistake for his medicine. Mr. Cockburn, after dinner one evening, lay down to sleep upon the sofa. ,Some time afterwaids he took by mistake for his medicine a mixture containing bella donna that Mrs. Cockburn was using for rheuma- tism. , His breathing having attracted the attention of Mrs. Cockburn, she sent for o surgeon, who used every means to save the deceased, but unfortunately without avail, and ho died about 24 hours afterwards. The deceased was 49 years of age, and a son of Loid Cockburn, of Edinburgh, Early on the morning of the 25th August a disastrous fire broke out at Sandhurst which resulted in the total destruction of the pro- perty known as the Beehive-buildings, in Pall Mall. This range of buildings included two large stores, those of Messrs. Buick and Co. and Messrs. Moore Brothers and Co., and a large number of offices occupied by the managers of mining companies and mining brokers. The contents of the stores were entirely consumed, while the whole of the books, papers, and scrip belonging to over 120 mining companies were burnt to ashes. Altogether some £100,000 worth of property was destroyed. Messrs. Buick and Co. and Messrs. Moore Brothers and Co. were both well insured, but no insurance money could compensate the mining companies for the loss of their deeds, papers, and books, which will necessarily cause serious difficulties and com- plications in carrying on future operations and in ascertaining the position of the various shareholders. The aid of the Government has been sought in the matter, and a few days after the fire a deputation of mining managers waited on the Attorney-General and Minister of Mines to ask for the introduction of a bill calling upon shareholders to produce their scrip, so that the companies might be recon stituted and business recommenced. The Attorney-General saw ??? difficulty in the way, whereupon Mr. Casey, M.L.A., who was present, propounded a scheme. The proposal is that a commissioner, with judicial authority, should be appointed, and that he should have power to receive all claims from shareholders in any of these companies, and to give notice that such claims as were not sent in within a reasonable time were liable to forfeiture. The Attorney-General thought the proposition a feasible one, and promised that the whole matter should receive the earnest attention of the Government. A loss has been sustained by the com- munity in the death of the Rev. Peter Brown, of the Hawthorn Presbyterian Church. Mr. Brown was the oldest clergy- man of his denomination in the colony, having been ordained to the pastorate of a Presbyterian church in Hawich, Scotland, so far back as the year 1824. At that time he was only 22 years of age. In 1831 Mr. Brown was for the second time called by the congre- gation of Wishaw, in Lanarkshire, and re- moved to that locality, where he remained until failing health and the presence of several members of his family in Victoria induced him to emigrate. He arrived in 1864, and formed the Presbyterian congre- gation in Hawthorn, of which he was shortly afterwards ordained minister. Mr. Brown was a member of the Council of the Univer- sity of Glasgow. He was many years ago moderator of the Relief Synod before the union of the Presbyterian churches in Scot- land, and was elected in Victoria to the same distinguished position as the clerical head of the Presbyterian Church. After his arrival here he undertook the duties of professor of Greek and Hebrew and of exegetical theology to the students of the Presbyterian Church. His valuable services in this capacity were formally recognised by the Presbyterian As- sembly. In January last Mr. Brown was compelled to relinquish active clerical duty. It may be said of him that he died in harness, inasmuch as during the last service he conducted he fainted in the pulpit, which he never ascended again. Much regret has also been caused by the decease of Mr. Willam Hammill, of the firm of Fraser and Co., auctioneers. The deceased gentleman had been in Melbourne about 19 years, and was about half of that time con- nected with the house of Fraser and Co. He had been ill for about three weeks. After hanging fire for some time, the trial of the Kev. H. N, Wollaston, of Trinity Church, East Melbourne, for alleged eccle- siastical offences, is about to bo proceeded with. The "complaint" has been reduced by the Committee of Reference to two charges 1\. That the Rev. H. N. Wollaston did, in the month of February, 1869, endeavour by false representations to defraud the Rev. Dr. Tucker, bis locum tenais, of the sum of £25 sterling. 2. That he did in February last write and publish a pamphlet in Melbourne, in which be made certain statements in- juriously reflecting upon some members of Trinity Church Committee for their mal-ad ministration of the affairs of the parish during tho year 1870. It is maintained, therefore, in the "articles of accusation," that the Rev. H. N. Wollaston has hereby been guilty of ' ' con- duct disgraceful to a clergyman, and produc- tive of scandal and evil report." The charges will be investigated by tbe Commission for the Trial of Ecclesiastical Offences on the 25th September. Some of the coal discovered at Western Port, Victoria, appears to be of superior quality. The chief harbourmaster (Cap- tain Payne) has recently tested a sample obtained from the Kilcunda mine on board H.M.C.S. Pharos, and found that it answered well for steaming purposes, burn- ing with a clear bright flame, and leaving very few ashes. It was compared with the ordinary Newcastle coal, and found to be superior. Using a given quantity of the Western Port coal in one hour, the, pressure of steam maintained was 211b., while the re- volutions mndo by tho engines were 71 per minute. With the same weight of Newcastle coal the pressure of the steam was only 171b.. and the revolutions made per miaute C5. On the occasion of each trial clean fires and tubes were used, and it was found that it requiied less labour and use of firing tools to maintain the 211b. pressure than it required for tie 171b. pressure Captain Payne sag gesta that the Government should take the Kilcunda coal mine' into its own bandi, and employ the labour of prisonors in de- veloping its resources. For the first time in the history of the colony, the manufacture of locomotive engines has been undertaken by local makers. Tenders were recently called for the construction of 10 engines required for the North-Eastern Railway line, and the competition was confined entirely to Victorian contractors. The Sydney firms would, no doubt, have sent in tenders but for the duty of 20 per cent, placed on machinery under the new tariff, which, together with the freight which the manufacturers would have had to pay, would have amounted to nearly £1,000 for each engine. No opportunity was given to English makers to compete. Six tenders altogether were sent in, three from Melbourne and three from Ballarat, the lowest being that of the Phoenix Foundry Company, Ballarat. The price was £2,000 for each locomotive. i Attention has been once more drawn to the lost explorer, Leichhardt, and to the pro- bability of discovering traces of him or his patty, -by a communication made to the Sydney authorities by a man named Andrew Burne, now a prisoner in Parramatta gaol. Hume, who has been in prison for five years, recently addressed a letter to the governor of the gaol, in which he stated that while travelling amongst the blacks in the year 18fi2, in the North- western portion of Aus- tralia, he discovered two marked trees about 100 miles distant from.cach other, bearing tho following inscriptions : NOV 1817 SIQ t Ii U MJG 1848 KO0K Underneath the first tree was a bottle contain- ing letters : and in the hollow of the rock, closo to the saddle tree, were papers rolled up in a saddle-bag, some of which were written docu- ments and some appeared to he maps or plans. Hume states that he placed the letters which ho found under the first tree along with tho others under the second tree, and that he also found a quadrant, telescope, and therino moter with the articles concealed in the rock under the tree. The New South Wales Go- vernment has appointed a commission to examine into the credibility of Hume'sstory, which is generally disbelieved. A corre- spondent of ono of the papers, in fact, has shown that in November, 1847, Dr. Leich- hardt wrote letters to him dated from Sydney. The prisoner himself declares that his intention in making the statement was, not to obtain his freedom, but to get some promise that if he brought in the relics, after he obtained his freedom the Government would make him some roward. | During the recent voyage of the Kent to Melbourne a painful incident occurred, Mr. Arthur Collett, one of the midshipmen, falling overboard on the morning of July 11, and being drowned. At tho time the vessel was in lat. 41deg. S., and long, lldeg. 41min. W. She was running before' a heavy gale undor reefed mainsuil and lower topsails, and on account of tho tumtndous sea and the vory thick weather, it was found impossible to do anything for the rescue of the unfortunate young man. Procet dings have been renewed by the police against the proprietors of the Chinese lotteries in Melbourne, and 10 Chinese have bun fined for being interested in these illegal establishment«. The lotteries have been doing a great deal of barm by inducing habits of gambling amongst the colonial youth, and the police intend to go on with the pro- secutions until the evil is removed. , The importation of horses from England is a circumstance of frequent occurrence, but the shipment hence to the old country hap- pens rarely. There have been shipped, how e\er, by the Lincolnshire for London, two ?very fine animals, by Mr. David Jones, of Ballarat, one the trotting mare Kate, and tho other the steeplechaser Dutchman. It is said that Mr. Jones intends sending this horse for tho Grand National Steeplechase if he gets him to England safely. Several accidents of a painful nature have to be recorded, and amongst them one which resulted in the death of Mr. Wm. John Howson, a teacher of music, and a member of the well-known " Howson family," who was run over by a spring- cart in Queensberry- street, North Melbourne. At Seymour a melancholy affair took place. Three sons of Mr. W. Barrett, cordial manufacturer, aged respectively 15, 11, and 9 years, wero on a lagoonjn a^sjnaUcanoe^ Jlbey^had^ot^beoQ capsized, and they were precipitated into the water. The eldesc, who could swim a little, succeeded with some difficulty in gaining the shore : but the younger ones, unable to swim, immediately sank, and were never seen again alive. Amongst other gold fields casualties, a miner at Ballarat, named Anthony Kohl, has been lorn to pieces by tho machinery at the Band and Albion Consols mine. The propriety of establishing a retreat for the cure of inebriates, under state management, has been discussed at a public meeting at the Melbourne Town-hall, at which a large num- ber of ministers of religion and medical men was present; the mayor of Melbourne pnsided. Resolutions were passed affirming that it was desiiable that such an institution should be formed, and that the Government Bhould be asked to place a sum on the Esti- mates to defray the cost of the establishment, and to introduco a measure into Parliament to make the necessary alterations in the law. i A gross and almost unheard-of case of inhumanity has recently been exposed. A giri named Margaret M'Gillivray, who was employed as general servant in the house of Air. Pluiiket, a schoolmaster at Elstern- wick, was delivered of a child at about G o'clock one morning, but instead of meeting with the consideration which every woman is entitled to expect at such a time, the unfor- tunate creature was placed in a cab, and driven a distance of seven miles to the Lying in Hospital, with her newly-born babe wrapped up in a Crimean shirt. Sho reached the institution nlive, but in a very exhausted condition. The child lingered for a few hours, and died. The resident-burgeon was of opinion that the cauBe of death was the imperfect expansion of the lungs with air, but he believed that death was accelerated by wantof attention at birth and subsequent exposure. Dr. Youl, the city coroner, who held an inquest on the child, condemnod the con- duct of Mr. and Mrs. Plunketin very severe teririB. The jury, after deliberating for some timo, expressed a wish that additional evi- dence might be called, and the inquest has b(vu adjourned for that purnosu. The man Charles Marshall, who violently assaulted Mr. A. Jamieson, the manager of tho Commercial Bank at Fitzroy, lately, pleaded " Guilty" when placed on his trial at the Melbourno Criminal Sessions for the offence. Ho was also indicted for assault with intent to rob, but this charge was not proceeded with. The prisoner, in justifica- tion of the assault, alleged a series of wrongs Which he had suffered at the hands of Mr, Jamieson, but his assertions wore totally denied by the prosecutor. Tho prisoner was leniently dealt with. He was sentenced to four months' imprisonment, and directed to find two sureties of £50 each to keep the poaco for 12 months, with imprisonment till the sureties were found. At the samo sittings, a woman named Julia Robinson, who had killed a man named Martin Tracey hy stabbing bim with a table-knife in the course of a drunken brawl, was sentenced to im- prisonment, with hard labour, for three years. I Thomas W. Harrison, late master of the schooner Hector, has been tried at the Mel- bourne Criminal Court for neglect of duty in navigating his vessel down the bay on tho 28th June last, by which neglect the schooner was stranded. The principal charges woro ,tbat he was not on deck during his watch, and that he did not keep the vessel within tho channel. The jury, after deliberating a couple of hours, acquitted the prisoner. ¡ A deliberate and cruel murdor has boon committed near Myrtleford, in tho neighbour- hood of Beechworth. Two Chinamen in a cart were accosted by a European, who offered a shilling for a ride, which was accepted. Thoy had only gone about 30 yards when ha ^attacked one of the Chinamen named Ah Cow, and threw him out of the cart, stunning him. A strugglo, it is supposed, then ensued between the assailant and Ah Woo, the other Chinaman, who was afterwards found dead in a water-race close to the sceno of attack. Other persons coming up the murderer made his escape, having taken £40 from Ah Cow, Ah Woo's pockets were turned inside out, bul' a sum of over £5 was afterwards found in his belt. Tho police havo arrested Iseveral men on suspicion, but'it is doubtful whether the real murderer is amongst them. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. The outgoing mail leaves the Duffy Ad- ministration among tho rocks and shoals ; but for the present they have escaped ship- wreck. Tho chief topics of considera- tion during the month have been financial matter?, including, of course, the new tariff. The latter passed finally through cpmmitteo a few days after the last mail left, but the Customs Bill, which is to place it on the statute book, has not yet passed into law. Scarcely any further alteration of moment was made in the tariff beforo it left the committee, for although the Treasurer was vigorously attacked by Parliamentary opponent.», and daily harangued by deputa- tions representing important trades, who eather doprecated protection or wanted it, or who complained that other persons were pro- tected to their disadvantage, or that they were made the victims of an insane attempt to establish industries for which our climate and soil wero unfit, he refused to budge an inch, and a majority in Parliament has steadily supported him in that course. Whether that support was given to tho Ministry per se or in order to get the quoslio vexata of pro- tection out of the way remains to be seen. The House next passed to the consideration of the Estimates, which have been somewhat hurriedly dealt with. In fact, nearly the whole havo passed, tho remaining votes representing questions of principle on which discussion has been postponed. The latter include the vote relating to immigration (in respect to which the Government asks for only six months' supplies, having in view the abolition of state aid, except in the shape of passage warrants applied for in Victoria), and also that for educational purposos. Among the Government measures which in the in- tervals of sitting in committee of supply the House has dealt with are four of marked im- portance, but two of them have received any- thing but respectful treatment. One was a hew Mining Companies' Bill, which was im- patiently , referred to a solect committee. This was the very mode in which the Government proposed to deal with the question of electoral redistribution in respect to seats ; but the House, which had takon mining legislation out of the hands of the Government, decided that the same Government should not shirk its responsi- bility in constitutional matters. A bill reduc- ing the postal tariff, and effecting n few small postal reforms, bas reached an advanced stage. The fourth measure is for railway construction, which has not reached its second reading. : THE MINISTE. IN TAM-AMENT. The discussions during the month have been meagre. One cause is the uttor lack of debating power on the part of the Govern- ment, save and except tho Chief Secretary, who is dreadfully overtasked in consequence. A notable instance of this weakness was seen in a debate raised by Mr. Francis, late Treasurer, in reply to the pTeseut Treasurer's election speech at Geelong. Mr. Berry had informed his constituents that Sir James M'Culloch and Mr. Francis had, when in power, borrowed £2,000,000 for railways at b per cent., and then-they being both bank directors-lent tho money (which wasnotimmediatelyrequired)totheassociated banks at 2 per cent. It was shown as clearly as could be by Mr. Francis that, in the first place, w hen the monoy was borrowed he was îlot in office, and, secondly, that tho monoy n'ctually carno into the hands of Mr. Berry as Treasurer of the Macpherson Administration, who, in his disposition of the money, defied the opinion of the audit commissioners. Mr. Berry's Jume defence (mado soven days aftor, and when the press in all parts of the country bad cried shame on him for his silence) was that had the two gentlemen he accused been in power they would have done what uncharged them with doing. Mr. Duffy laboured hard to defend his colleague, and characteristically endeavoured to cross the scent by raising the question whether a bank director should hold office as Treasurer. AU was in vain, however. Sir James M'Cnlloch amply vindicated the course talton by himself and colleague in this matter. He not only showed that so far as tbey had done enything it was the best that could possibly be done for the colony, but ho proved incontestably that tho present Trea- surer had misunderstood and mis-stated the arrangements between the associated banks and the Government. Still Mr. Berry Btub bornly refrained from withdrawing his accusa- tions or apologising for his mistakes, a courso which drew a terrific invective from Mr, íilrír7*'tJbnKtíni,utó,1uV> jmc*exA!iiâ,ti">&nvaa; Treasury might be, it was worse to find thore one who, without tho financial ability of a bank manager, had not tho instincts of a gentleman. To this no member of the Government answered a word, and the delato closed. On another occasion, the Government wero obviously utterly unable to hold their own in argument. Finding that they could not corry through the Estimates with the speed they professed to expect, the Treasurer introduced an interim supply bill, in which ho asked for £370,000 to defray cur- rent expenses, including £80,500 on account of salaries, wages, and contingencies. It was objected by Mr. Langton and Mr. Follows that when tho Estimates wero dealt with in detail, this £86,500, not being deducted, would be in effect voted in excoss of the require- ments of the year. In vain the Chief Secre- tary contended that the Government had followed in the line of prescription. Tho Speaker and every legal member of the House held with the objectors, and the Government, being annihilated in aigument, were content to doggedly refuse to alter their courso. Tho event was that, as delay would have kept the civil sorvants unpaid, the House agreed, as a matter of expediency, to the Govern- ment proposition. Tho vory last sitting of Parliament afforded two notable instances Of the insecure footing held there by the Ministry. On their Postal Bill they obtained a majority of only one in a vory full House, and on their Electoral Bill (which contained an insidious attempt to prevont those who held a ratepayer's qualification from voting in more than one electoral district) the op- position was so strong that the Government bad to expressly consent that the elimination of the proviso should not load to the abandon- ment of tho measure, which was otherwiso acceptable. it is a strange circumstanco that up to the present time the Treasurer's financial state- ment has escaped criticism. It will bo re- membered that the discussion was postponed to permit the tariff question to bo disposed of. Subsequently Mr. Francis took up tho theme, but as be dweltprihcipally on the foundation less charges made in Mr. Berry's Geelong speech, the Government, in reply, confined their remarks to the personal question, and avoided the dangerous ground of tho budget speech. Mr. Langton on deavoured on that occasion to touch tho subject, but he was met by tho opposition of Mr. Vale, member for Collingwood, who caused the strangers' gallery to be cleared, And thus baulked the speech by rendering its report impossible. Tactics of this sort may delay the droadod attack on Mr. Borry's figures, but it is not likely that the next month will pass without the desired discussion taking place. Rumour has distantly hinted that it will como off over, a vote of want of confidence in the present Treasurer. THE MmiSTBT BEFOBB THE COUNTRY. i The position of the Duffy Administration before the public is unchanged. The Ministry were as a body entertained at a banquot at Geelong a fortnight since, but the occasion had no political significance, for the host was tbo mayor of that town, and the invitations carno from him personally. The almost rural quiet of the placo was greatly disturbed by the Ministerial visit, but it is not too much to say that curiosity was tho chief sentimont evoked. The banquot was an agreeable ono, and a largo number of ladies wero among jho invited guests. The speech of the evening was by Mr. Duffy, but beyond glorifying the Îiresent Government and denouncing this ournal, the utterance had no special moan ng. FINANCIA- BUSINESS. 1 The first act of the Assembly this month was to finally adjust the new tariff (which wo give elsowhoro in this issue in a complete form). The Treasurer then stated that as, in spite of all alterations, the new duties left him a surplus of £2C.00O, ho should move that the list of exemptions just agreed to should bo considered to bo in force since the 17th May last, when the tariff of the lato Government first came into fore*. This was agreed to, but on a subsequent occasion Mr. Francis objected to the. collection of the duties imposed by his tariff during tho in- terval between May 17th and the 2nd August, when tho tariff ol tho present Government began to be collected. The Government op» §osed such a proceeding, as the effect woufd o to recoup to Importers amounts which th«y had already obtained from their customers. A disorderly discussion followed, but its effect was to show beyond doubt that Mr. Francis had not-as the present Government eagerly contended he had-been actuated by hostile intentions to his successor, when ha moved-two days after he left office-that his tariff resolutions be rescinded. On this subject nothing further was done dur- ing the month, savo to introduce the Customs Bill, which awaits its second reading. This measure contains a placebo in the shape of a clause giving tho Governor in Council power to allow drawbacks, although it does not necessitate any drawbacks at all, according to regulations to be hereafter passed ; but the unusual stringency of the conditions under which it proposes to protect tho revenue is sure to meet with hot opposition, i On the House being moved into committee of Supply, in order to discuss the Estimates, Mr. Francis took the opportunity to criticiso his successor's financial statement. He con- tended that every deficit which ho had pointed out in his Budget speech had been amply confirmed by tho statement of the Treasurer, notwithstanding the apparent difference be- tween tho figures submitted by himself and those submitted by Mr. Berry, The present Treasurer claimed to have received for the half-year ending the 30th June last £G4,000 more than he (Mr. Francis) had anticipated ; But it would have been improper for him to toke credit for this amount, sinco it merely accrued from speculative operations at the Custom- house, and in fact was an anticipation of the revenue for the current financial year. Even including this increase, it seemed that, although the Treasurer profossod to have made a great saving, he actually anticipated and required to get from the Customs £304,000 more than was anticipated by him (Mr. Francis), exclusive of the new duties proposed in lieu, and which aro estimated to produce £180,000, The hon. member then pro- ceeded to contend that the Treasurer had, in reality, made no saving upon his (Mr. Francis's) estimate, and that all the apparent reductions vanished away as soon us the figures presented to tbe Assembly wore sub- mitted to analysis, and placed in their proper position. The discussion on the budgot has gone no further, for reasons already given. During the month the House has applied itself with tolerable steadiness to tho Esti- mates, which havo been nearly all dealt with after the manner indicated in the Budget speech. During the month an interim Supply Bill was introduced for the purpose of appro- priating £370,000 to defray current expenses. It was passed into law without more delay than was involved in discussing the point of order raised by Mr. Langton, and already described. The Government havo stated that during the next Parliamentary rccpss, the whole ques- tion of remodelling tho civil sorvico will be considered, with the view to the adoption of some general system of reduction of salaries. They will also take steps for the abolition of all allowances, such as quarters, fuel, &c;, so that the salaries of officers will in futuro show their real cost to the state. No steps, how- ever, are to bo taken until tho report of tbc Civil Sorvico Commission has been received. GOVEHKMENT AND OTHEB DILLS. The financial business of the month having occupied so much tiino, but littio has been dono in respect to other matters. Tho Cus- toms Bill wo have referred to undor the head of financial business. Tho only other mea- sure which has led to a regular debate is that relating to a redistribution of tho electoral seats in the Lower Chamber. Mr. Duffy moved that a select committee bo ap- pointed to consider and report what al- teration in_ the distribution of members to constituencies was necessary in order to secure an effectual^ representation of tho ppoplo in tho Legislative Assembly on the basis of popu- lation OB ascertained by tho last census. This courso was hotly opposed by many lion, members on two grounds-one, that these preliminary investigations should take a wider scope, and secondly, that the responsi- bility of drawing up what was in effect an electoral reform bil), loy with the Government. The opinion of tho House was so adverse to the Government proposition that Mr. Duffy had to give way, and withdraw his proposi- tion. Ho subsequently introduced a bill to amend the ElectoralAct ; but its main object is simply to prevent tho disfranchisemont of those who, being electors by virtue of being ratepayers, did not acucar on the ratonnvers' a certain day. On tho second reading of the bill it was discovered that a proviso was at- tached to one of tho clauses which limited those who voted undor a ratepayer's qualifica- tion to the exerciso of their franchise in that district only in which thoy habitually resided. This was so strongly resisted that the second reading was only allowed to pass on the under- standing that the elimination of that proviso when the bill was in committeo should not lead to the abandonment of the measure alto- gether, a promise which tho Govornmout wero loth to make. The moro important question of electoral redistribution is probably loft over till next session. A bill to amend our postal law bas passed through most of its stages in the Assembly. It was introduced by tho So- licitor-General, Mr. Spensley, and provides for tho reduction of the postage on nowspapers to Jd ; a system of town postage, whereby any letter posted in a city, town, or borough, for delivery within the limits of tho placo whore posted, is to be subject to only a Id. rate, and for the issuing of a Id. postal card. Facilities are also to bo given for the sale of postage stamps, and for the transmission of electric telegraph messoges through the medium of country postmasters. These reductions of rates were left ovor, to be considered at the last moment, and such strong objections have been offered that a serious modification thereof is expected A bill to amend the law relating to mining companies and to supersede the measure dealing with the same subject which was introduced by Mr. Wrixon, the Solicitor-General of tho late Govornmont, has been brought in by Mr. B. Walsh, tbo present Attorney-General. Tho gonoral scopo of the new bill had many points of rosoro blancetoits predecessor, but a largo proportion of its clauses tend to hamper management and waste capital by cumbrous and usoiess dotails, and when its second reading was moved, an Overwhelming opposition was offered. This was led by Mr. W. C, Smith, a leading mining member, who wished to see tho subject re- ferred to a select committeo. To that courso tho Government had to consent, and the committee was appointed, with Mr. W. C. Smith as its chairman, but it has not yet reported. Tho Railway Con- struction Bill introduced by Mr. Longmore, Minister of Railways, is doscribod olsewhera in this article Most of the other bills dealt with this month were brought in by private members. One was a bill to oxtond the chartor of the Bank of New South Wales for 10 years, which on the recommendation of a select committeo was passed through all its stages, but with a clause sotting forth that the powers conferred wore wholly subject to future genoral banking legislation, undor which no possible claim for compensation could arise. The bill has passod through the Assembly, and only awaits its third reading in the Legislativo Council. Anothor bill, to cropowor tho Molbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company to lease portions of the lands held by thom, has been initiated by Mr. Kerferd, member for the Ovens. Tho present proposition to which tho Govornmont have assented is, that the bill shall be with- drawn, and that so soon as certain claims of the suburban local governing bodies have been inquired into and disposod of, the Government will ask Parliament to'award the company 25 per cent, of the wharfago rates levied on the company's pier, tho money to bo spent in repairing and improving tho wharfage accommodation of the company. The only other bill that need bo montionea hero is ono that deserves special mention. In the last Parliament, when the Winos, Beor, and Spirits Sales Bill was being dealt with, Mr. Higinbotbam (who was defoated at tho last general election) proposed tho adoption of what is commonly known as tho pormisaivO" principle His version of that principio waa, that on tho voto of two-thirds of tho rate- payers in any city, town, borough, shiro, or district, tho granting or renewal of any licence for tho salo of alcoholic liquor Bhoulu be absolutely prohibited. His proposition was supported by the whole force of tho> " teetotul" party, and was only lost by one* vote in a thin house. Encouraged by this, the teetotal party organisod itself at the last ?;eneral election, and mustering somewhat ormidably, rocoived from roany candidates a promiao to support a bill of this nature, and also succeeded in making its power felt in many ways. In Mr. Higinbotham's absence from this Parliament, Mr. Casey, of Mandurang (who did not vote either way on Mr. Higinbotham's motion), has become a .convert to teetotal views and sponsor for a bill repeating the effect of the former pro- posal, which he has brought forward this session. On Thursday week last ho moved its Bccond reading in a speech which it is needless to describe. Its main effect was to declare that the bill did not improperly interfere with the liberty of tho subject, and the remainder was made up of the usual stock-in-trade of a teetotal lecturer. The debate came on late in the evening, when nearly every leading member of the House was absent, and it consequently rareljr rose and then but little-above the height of balderdash. On the other hand¡ it was urged that the numerous petitions in favour of the bill were delusive, as they wero in almost every instance signed by some one person on behalf of what professed to be a body (a Rechabite tent, religious congregation, &e.i;, and that the adverse petitions being, though less in number, more numerously signed, should have far moro weight; also, that the support afforded to the bill in the House was the result of the machinations of an active minority, and, further, that the principle advo- cated was not only oppressive andtyrannical, but opening a door to even more oppression and tyranny. Whon the vote was taken, tho second reading was carried in a thin House by 31 votes to 14. Flushed with success, Mr. Casey attempted to carry his bill through committeo the same night, bat the Opposition, rousod to ásense of thoir position, interposed the forms of the House, and suc- cessfully resisted further progress. The ques- tion is to be revived next Thursday. RAILWAY EXTENSION, Our last mail summary announced that the subject of cheap railways had been referred to a select committee. That committee has, after much deliberation and taking of .evidence, sent up a progresa report reviewing the chief points of consideration, and of which the following is a condensed version. It states that the Fell system is adapted for climbing an alpino country, and might possibly be advantageously used in mining -operations in mountainous districts, but it docs not appoar suitable for general traffic. Of the Fairlie system, or the con- struction of engines and carriagos on the bogie principle, it states that this simple con trivanco leads to the most important results in railway construction, and the construction of _ line worked by such means at £5,000 a mile. On the question of gauge, the com- mittee reports that a narrower gauge than that now in use in Victoria would be more -economical, but, in view of the inconvenience and risk which would result from a break of gauge, it is adverse to any immediate- change m this regard on the main trunk lines. The financial failure of the trunk lines open to trafilo the committoe attributes to extra- vagance in the cost of construction. After expressing a series of opinions on matters of construction, management, &c;, embracing one that substantial railways perfectly safe for traffic may be constructed at a cost of -£5,000 per mile, including stations and roll- ing stock, the committee finally makes the following recommendations : "1. That in future contracts for railway ex- tension the expenditure be restricted to a sum not oxceeding £5,000 per mile, including stations and rolling-stock. "2, That the traffic between Geelong and Ballarat, Footscray and Sandhurst, should be worked for six months on a single line, and, unless the result bo unsatisfactory, then the second line should be removed, and the materials used in the construction of branches totheso lines, or such other lines as Parlia- ment may direct. "3. That it is desirable that such alteration should commence from the 1st October, and that the Commissioner of Railways be re- quested to furnish to Parliament a monthly report of the result. "4. That your committee furthor recom- mend that the Commissioner of Railways re- quest the agent-general to obtain from the Canadian Government information respect- ing tho cheap wooden railways in uso in some parts of that country," A fow days before this report was made to the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Long- more, Minister of Railways, introduced his promised Railway Construction Bill, which has been read a first time. The effect of this measure is given in the following clauses, the remaindor being comparatively formal:-"It shall be lawful to make and maintain the following railways and all pro por works and conveniences in connexion thorowith, that is to say-(i ) A railway com- mencing at or in the city of Ballarat, and {after passing Beaufort and Buangor) ter- minating at or within the town of Ballarat, to bo called the Ballarat and Ararat Railway. (II ) A railway commencing at the town of Geelong, and (after passing Colac) terminating at or within tho township of Camperdown, trict Railway, (in ) A railway commencing in the town of Castlemaine, passing (via Guildford) through the town of Maryborough, and terminating at or in the town of Dunolly, to be called the Castlemaine and Dunolly Railwoy. (iv.) A railway commencing in the city of Ballarat, and (after passing Clunes and Talbot) terminating at or within the town of Maryborough, with a branch lino to tho town of Creswick, to bo called the Ballarat and Maryborough Railway." "In all railways con- structed after the passing of this act, the ex- penditure shall bo restricted to a sum. not exceeding an average of £5,000 per mile, including stations and rolling-stock." The' second reading of this bill is fixed for Wed ncsday week next. THE LEGISLATIVE OOUNOID. Tho Upper House having little to do, and -that ltttlo lessened by the inexperience of the bon. member representing the Government .(Mr. W. A. C. A'Bcckott), and the conseciuent danger of trusting him with the task of initiating legislation, its sittings havo been few and short. It has met six times, and Sassed tbo bill for the establishment of a latino Board (described in our last mail summary) and the New South Wales Bank Act Amondment Bill (sent up from the .Assembly) through nearly all their stages. It bos also passed the interim Supply Bill, a formal bill to appropriate £2,100 of the .water supply loan (both without discussion), and lost, not least, a motion to the effect that ono or more members of the Government ought to have seats in the Legislativo Council. Tho above, and tho consideration of a proposal by Mr. W. A. C. A'Bcckett to remove the canopy over the President's chair-which was negatived-constitutes the month's work of this body. _ THE NEW VICTORIAN TARIFF. The following is the schedule of the Customs Bill containing the now tariff now being collected, and in the shape in which it is oxpected to become law : In lieu of the duties of Customs now charge- able on tho undermentioned articles on their importation into Victoria by land or sea, the following duties shall, on and after the 2nd day of August, 1871, bo charged, viz. : Almonds, ehollod ; turo »root ; boilod fruit (on and .altor 4th August, 1871) ; confoctlonory, oomflw, BUO eade», awootmoats ; fruits and vegetables, dried or preserved; boney, Jams, macaroni, mateo Hour or «oro flour, malzena; moata and Uah, proiorvod, not «altod or'ilrlod or prosorvod In bring ; Bugarcandy, vormloolll-2d. per pint or lb , or reputed paoka&o; of -that quantity or wol«ht, and no In proportion for any auch reputed quantity or weight. Almond«, bacon, biscuit?, bluo, butter, candios, .chccBO. curlod bair, gluo, líame, mustard, nuts, soap, and starch-2d. por lb. Acetic aold-3d por pint or lb. Acid, lulphurlc, muriatic, nitric-BJ, por cwt. Ale, porter, epruco, or other boor, cider and pony -OJ. por gallon. Cement-Cd. por cwt. Cigars-Gs. por lb. Oolloo, chicory, chocolato, cocoa-3d. por lb. Doora-2s. 6d. each. Fruit, groen-Od. por bushol. Glass or (on and after 0 .li August) Btono bottles con- taining a roputod quart, or any loss quantity of spirits (not perfumed), wine, alo. porter, or othor beor, and (on and after 10th August) bottlos contain- ing allratod or minorai waters-6d. por dozen, Grain and pulao of ovory kind, not othorwiso enumerated-In. por 1001b. Grain and pulso of ovory kind, not othorwiso .numerated, when prepared, «round, or In any way .manufactured, on and alter Dib August-2*. por 1001b. Hop«-Bd. por lb. Iron, galvanised-30s. por ton. Iron wiro, Noa 1 to 0-20s. per ton. Malt-2». per busbo). Oatmeal, Us. per 1001b. Oils In bulk-Od. nor gallon. Onions-20s. per too. Opium, Including all gooda, wares, and mtrchan Mee mliodor satura tod with opium, or with any prop wa- tton orBolutlon thoroof.orstoepodt- erolnrespootlvoly -10s per lb. Faddy-2s. per 1001b. Faints, wet or dry- 10s. per ton. Fapor, brown, groy, and all othor doaorlptlons of wrapping paper-8s. por owt. Paper baga-10s. por cwt. Fearl and Scotch barloy-8s. per 1001b, Plato of gold-8«. per oz troy. Plate of Bilveï-li, per or. troy. Potatoes-10a. per ton. Powdor («portlnRl-Sd. por lb. Powder (blasting) and shot-Id. per lb. Provisions, salted, drlod, or proeerved In brlno, ln ?cludlng Dili not othernlso onumoratod-6J. per OWL Bice-Hi. por 1001b. 8alt~20_ por ton. Slates, up to 18in. z lOln. (cn and alter lUb. August) -Wi. l'Or 1,000. Blates, all o! larger elie (on and «(ter 11th August) 25«. por 1,000. Snuff-2s. por lb. Boda crystals-40). por ton. Spirits or strong waters ot any ttroneth not exceed- ing the strength ol proof by Sykes'« hydrometer, mid so In proportion lor any greater strength than the strength ot proel-10s. per gallon, or 10s. {or each reputed tour-gallon cue, or 20a. tor each reputed two gallon case, when tho said caiOB respectively do not contain more than the reputed comenta, and so on for each xeputod gallon or part ot a gallon. Spirits, cordlals,llquours,or&trong; waterj.sweetonod or mixed with any article, so that tha degree ol strongtb cannot be ascertained by Bykos'a hydrometer (including all alcohol diluted or undiluted with wator or other menstruum, and containing In solution any casonce, essential oil, ether, or othor 11 ivouring or other substance, whether ot natural or artificial origin) -10s. per gallon, Bplrlts, perfumed-10s- per gallon. Spirits, methylated-Is. per liquid gallon. Sugar and moloBsea-3*. por cwt. lea-3d. per lb. limber, dressed or planed- Is. Od. per 100 tup. ft. Timber, undrosaed-9d. per 100 sup. It. Timber, laths-Is. per 1,000. Timber, shingles-Od. per 1,000. limber, palings-Od. per 100. Timber, rough spokes, and I olióos, and sawn piokete, Od. per 100. Tobacco, manufactured-2a. per lb, Tobacco, unmanufactured-Is. por lb. Varnish-2s, por Kallon. Vinegar, not being acetio acid or crude vinogar, aromatic or raspberry-Gd. per gallen. Window sashes-2«, per pair. Wine-3s. per gallon. TWENTY PER CENT. AD VALOREM DUTIES. On the following articles a duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem is charged : Apparel and slopB, and all articles mado up wholly or In part from silk, cotton, linen, or ol wool, or of othor or ol mixed nuterlals; bonnets, bootaand shoes, brush waro, caps, carriages and carts, corks, out (on and after 10th August), oarthsnwaTO, furniture, tuso and gun cotton or other material usod for exploding purpose«, not otherwise onumoratod, and fire- works (on and aftir 10th August); glasswaro (on and alter 10th August), bats, Jewellery; ma- chinery (not otherwise onumoratod), agricultural Implements, boilers (land and marine), aud manu- factures of metals, »sunder, viz !-Alreratlnga,anvils, ash pans, axle blocks, axle boxes, axles (buggy, c»r ilsgo, cart, mall, or waggon) barrow wheels, bod steads, bells, bill flies, blacksmiths' tonga, blank nuts, bout hooke, boilers and furnaces, coppor ; bolts and nuts,bolt-ends, bolt rings, bottle lick«, lifting; bracea, wrough'-iron; branch pipes, coppor; brass cooks, vaivén, and whistle«; braes mountings ana fitting«. brazed coppor pipes, brazod wrought-lron pipes, bridle and boot hooks, cako rollers, camp ovens and three leg pots, cist Iron of all torts, moulded ; cost - iron cylinders, cast . Iron flanged pipos ; cast . iron spigot and faucet, knees and elbows ; cast-iron tanks, cost-Iron ventilators, cast-eteel drills, caulking irons chaina (not being chala cabios for ships' use), chest handles ; elston«, wrought iron ; clocks, iron ; coach screws, coal scoops and scuttlos ; condensers for gosworkB, Bait water and stoim engines ; contractors' f orglnga, cork squeezers ; cramps, wrought Iron ; crowbars, curling irons, damp- ers and frames, distilling apparatus, diving apparatus, door knookera, door porters, door scrapera, drain grates and tramos, drain gratings, dumb bells, eccen trica for buggies, engine castings, onglneers' forglngs, fenders ; ferrulea, wrought-lron; Uro dogs, fire guards; fittings for pumps, engines, and machinery; Honor Blands, forge back, tunnel pipes, galvanised and blsok spouting and guttorlng, galvanised bucketB and tubs, garden rollers, garden eoata, gasometers, gas tongs, girders, Iron ; grates, grindstone spindloi ; gunmetal, steamongine atunga, moulded; gutters and piping, hasps and staples, hat and coat hooks, cast iron ; hat stands, hay rakoa, holdfasts, hook and oyo hinges, horse-power gear, horse rakes, horse-Bhoos, hydraulic mains. Ironwork for waggons, carriages, carta, and buggies ; japannod and lacquered waro ; kettléd &U;Ù"preserving pana, coppor; kitchen rangea, ladies, lamp postH, loadonwaro ; lotters and figures, wrought Iron or stool; levers, forged; Unka, connecting or split ; Ulta, warehouse ; lightning conductors, manger rings, mangles, marine onelne cranks and ' pillars, marline spikes, maul rings, measures, iron ; monkeys for pile-driving, orna- mental gratings, oven doora and frames, palntod and brass cases for engines ; pepper, malt, boan, and oat mills; picks and mattocks, pincers, pipos, wrought-lron (not otherwise enumoratod); plyerB, portable forges, pulley-blocks, pumps, quarry mauls and picks, quoits, railway chairs, rakes, range cocks, ringa and start« ; rivets, Iron ; roda, connocting ; sack trucks, ead Irons ; safes and boxes, iron ; sash weights ; shatting, brinht wrought iron ; sluice valves, Iron; sprlniisand scrolls-cut, carrlago, and buggy; stände, iron ; stationery or portable engines, or p irte of them; (tench traps, strap binges, switch- ing bills, tlnwaro, troughs, truck wheels ; tue Irons, cast and water ; union Joints, vyces ; washers, black and galvanised ; water tanka, wedges ; whool barrows, wrought Iron ; wheels, wrought Iron ; winches, wlrowork (except wiro notting), zlncwaro ; manufactured stationery, including account books, printed chequos, bill heads, and other printed or ruled paper, note and ¡otter paper, blotting- pads, aketch blocks, manifold writers, albums, and all kinds of jewol, dressing, and writing cases (on and after 10th August) ; marble and stone, wrought; musical instru- ments, Including pianoforte actions, made up; oil- men's stores, packed In bottles or Jars not ex- ceeding one reputed quart lu size ; blacking, furniture oil and paste, ground coal and charcoal ; saddles and harness, loatherware or articles mide up of leather, or any manufacture of which leathor is tho most valuablo part, Including whips ol any description, and trunks and portmanteaus ; tents and tarpaulins, umbrellas, parasols and sunBhades (on and after 10th August) ; washing, baking, and Seldlltz powders (on and after 10th August); wickorwaro; woodonware, Including bollowi and plcturo-framei. turnery, staves shaped or dreaaed, and casks, and flnishod timber not otheiwlso enumerated. TEN PER CENT. AD VALOREM DUriES. On the following articles a duty of 10 per cont. ad valorem is charged : Ing, chioawaro and porcelain, combs; cordago, ropo, and twlno ; drugs ; drugs, preparations of (on and after 10th August) ; Dutch metal and tin loll (on and after 10th Augui>t),fancy goode, glass, gloves, gold and lilvor loaf : hard ware and Ironmongery, holloware, and rmnu iscluiea of metals not otherwise enumorated ; hosiery ; load, sheet and piping ; leathor; leather cut into ubspos, including clastic eldo uppors and wellington legs, clogs, and pattens; matches and vostas; materials tor toilet covers, antimacassars, curtains, handkerchiefs, and m "orials cut out, doQnod, marked, or In any way prepared for miking up ; matting, cocoanut or othor; ollmon's atoros, not othorwiso enumerated; oil or other floorcloths ; oils, In- cluding castor or cod-liver, when roflood, or for medicinal purposes, in bottles of a quirt, or lees than a quart; paperhnuglngs ; perfumery; plated and mixed metal wara ; seeds, canary and all othor oxcopt clovers (on and at tor 10th August) ; Bilks, and all manufactured containing silk ; stationery not othorwiso enumerated (on and after 16th August); tojs; watches and clocks; woollen blankets or blanketing, rugs, and rugging ; woollen piece goods, or goods ot cotton, linon, or of otbor material mixed with wool. ARTIO-EB -XSMP.ED PEO- DUT-. CIST OF GOODS, WARES, AND M-RCIUNDIBE EXEUPTRO FROM IHPOHT Durr ON _ND AFIEII ME 2ND Auousr, 1871. All goods, wares, and mercbnndlao not included In tho abovo tablo of imported artloloa, and comprising alpacas, Balmoral crapes, baratbeia, brllliantlnoa, ohcasslans, cloth tabling, coburgs, crystalllnos, tiamasks, all dross goods containing wool, Fronch llamas, French mcrlnoos,' furnlturo reps, Italian cloths, lustres, moioona, parramatta!, Pekin cloths, Persian cord, gala and all-wool plaids, poplins, RUSBOH cord, tkirtlngs, summer cloths, tallon,' sorgos, tammtos, and winceys ; anchors, chain cablea, nails and bolts of copper and yellow metal, packing or sheathing felt for ships' uso, arms, artlBts' materials, asphalte, bark, bteaohing powder, borax, card and millboard, carriages and other vehicles uiod In tbo conveyance of paasengors and goods across tho frontier, clog Irons, clasps and soles, patten ties, and toocaps; cloth bookbindors'; olover seed, cocoanut«, coir yarn, dyos and dyo woods, engravers' boxwood ; elastic boot web, In tho piece ; essonttal oils and OBsoncos not containing alcohol ; -bro ; fish, aaltod, drlod, or prosorvod In brine caught from vessels registered in and titled out from Victorian ports; üshlng nots and nettinr In tho pioce, flock, fur skins (not made up) galvanised Iron cordage, goldbeatora' skin, grindory, guano, bones, and other natural manures ; gums, guttapercha froodB, bair and bristles, hatters' folt hoods and silk p'ush, homp and flax, hickory and ash in tho rough ; hides, horns, and hoofs ; hopkins and Baddle-troes, hoop Iron, ludiarubber floods ; Instrumente, optical, sclentlQo, and surgical ; ron gas pipes, Iron puddle bar; Isinglass, unout; Ivory black, jewels, cameos, add precious stonos (unset); jute, kerosene sir ile lamp »lok, leathorn cloth and patent leathor; loathor, bolng french, German, and English calf, morocco, roan, and kid; lint, lithographic materials, logs whoso avorago dimensions aro lSln. by 121n.; machinery for spinning fibrous materials, and cards for auch machinery; medicinal roots, aoeds, loaves, and flowers ; minor articles of mlxod or undescrlbod nutorlala used in tho making up of apparol ; boots and shoos, bats, aad dlory, and umbrellas, parasols, and sunibades ; naphtha, oils, cocoanut, cod, palm, and wbalo; packages, secondhand, in which Bhlps' atorea have boon Im- ported ; packages In which goods are ordinarily lm ported, not otborwlso enumerated, and ships' fittings ; paintings and engravings (unframed) ; passengers' boggago, cabin and other furniture or personal effocts which have been In uso, and ore not imported for sale; photographic materials ; pianoforte wiro and action work In separate pieces, including rails and keys; pig, bar, rod, plate, or Bhest metals and steel, not specially enumoratod; printing and writing papor in original wrappers and unout edges as it leovos the mill, quicksilver, railway Iron or Bteel rails, rattans and unmanufaotured sticke, rosin, saltpetre, sowing machines, Bheopwaah, silk for Hour-dressing, silk (umbrella), silver (rolled), skins, nitrato of soda, specie,spelter; stationery, being pens, penholders, pondla, pondi casos, and slates ; stool cranks and stool tyres in the rough, stones for milling and grinding purposes, sulphur, telegraphic materials tlnplaios, block tin ; trunk locks, nalia, and buckles, of braiB; turpentine; type, presses,and printing ma- chinée; watchmakon,' materials, whtlobono, whip mountings, whiting, wiro Mo. 10 and upwards, and all bright wire ; works of art, ARTICLES TEMPORARILY EIEUPIED FBOM DUTY. The following is another schedule of tho Customs Aot. It enumerates articles which wero exempted from duty during the interval botween the date when Mr. Francis's tariff carno into forco and tho dato whon Mr, Berry's tariff carno into forco : LIST or GOODS, WAUBS, AND MBRCIIANDISR EXRMPTBD FROM iMrOBT Dorr OK AND AFTER TUB 17TH OÏ MAT, AND UNTIL TUB 1ST DAY OP AUQUSTj 1871. All goods, wares, and morohandlse not included in the above table of imported articles ; BPOCIO ; sewlng maoblues; paisongere' baggage, cabin and other furniture or personal effects which havo been in use and aro not imported for sale; carriages and other vehicles used In tho conveyance of passengers and goods < acrofs the frontier ; all packagos In which goods aro ordinarily Imported ; hatters' felt hoods and silk plush ; minor articles of mixed or undeeorltxd materials used in the making up of apparel, boots and ohoes, saddlery, umbrella!, and pianofortes;, cocoanut»; fish, salted, dried, or preseived lu Lrlno, and wbalo oil the produce of whales caught from vcssols registered and exclusively owned In and fitted out from Victorian ports; cocoa- nut and palm oils; anchors, chain cabios, nails and bolts of coppor and j oliow metal, packing or shoath ln(r felt, tor ships' use ; all bar, rod. plate, or shoot metals Lot specially enumerated ; hoop iron ; cast iron gas and water pipes ; logs whoso loast dimensioua are 12ln. by 12ln. EFFECTS Ol' THE NEW TARIFF. The effects of the new tariff, and especially of the new 20 per cent, ad valorem duties, have been widely felt. Tho full weight of the in- fliction has not yet been appreciated by the great body of consumers, and consequently the protectionists, who do not as a rule bolong to the trading classes, have not felt the pres- sure of their own principles. But in commer- cial circles there is no lack of expressions of disgust. Of course thoro has been a general raising of prices. The hardware firms have met and agreed to put the 20 per cent, on the retail price. A respectable country paper, the Mount Alexander Mail, states: "From all parts letters of complaint flock into the papers that the shopkoepers are raising their prices, and that very soon a man with an ordinary income and an ordinary family to spend it on won't be able to live in Victoria. Shoes that used to cost 10s. a pair have gone to 14s. and 16s,, writes one con- sumer. A retailer sends from Echuca to order a piece of cloth from the importer at 6s. 6d. a yard. ' Can't send it under 8s. Gd,, in consequence of the tariff,' telegraphs back the importer. Two Melbourne tailoring firms have reduced the wages of their men 20 per cent, right off the reel, and in several of the clothing establishments, large and small, the unfortunate sempstresses have been cut down Id. and 2d. per article, making a difference of 2s. or 3s. a week in the earn- ings of most of them." In another colony the leading journal, the South Australian, Register, anticipates with pleasure the profit which must result to that colony through its Murray traffic, in consequence of the destruc- tion hy the new tariff of the Victorian trade with Riverina. ' ' That trade," it states, " has now grown to enormous dimensions, btjing represented on the one sidobysome 50,000bales of wool, and on the other by some £700,000 or £800,000 worth of goods per annum." In another branch, of trado the results which are likely to flow from the new legislation are illustrated by a fact which was stated in this journal a fow days since. It was to this effect :-A few days since a gentleman arrived here from New Zealand with commissions to purchase goods for shipment to that colony to the extent of from £10,000 to £15,000. He found, however, that the new duties had so greatly enhanced the prices of all goods which he would have to buy from open stocks that be was unablo to do any business, and left for Sydnoy by the Rangatira. Thus the money which would havo been left in Victoria will go to enrich the sister colony. The case is rendered worse by the action of the Govern- ment, which, sofar f rom carrying on tits boasted intention of imposing heavy import dutios on only a few articles and lotting the rest comein tree, nos placea inem on almost every article of consumption, and on many which either cannot bis manufactured here because the climate is unfit or else the manufacture can- not be expected for many years to come. Among the latter is tho article of broadcloth. But perhaps the most noticeable case is that of the brewers. They told the Treasurer that, notwithstanding the former duty on malt, they could successfully compete with English bulk ales because they used malt from Eng- land, New Zealand, and Tasmania; but doubling tho malt duty would certainly have a crushing effect on them, because good barley could not bo grown in Victoria. The best agricultural experience in the colony fortified this latter view, but Mr. Berry was imraove able, and insisted that the experiment of barley-growing in this colony had not been properly carried out. At another time he refused to abate the £1,000 duty which is now chargeable on the great town-hall organ built in London ; and on a third occasion he refused to allow a tank of malt to go, in bond, to Corowa, on the New South Wales side of the Murray, unless a bond (not in the least demanded by law) were signed, by which it was undertaken that the said malt should not cross the river into Victoria ; as if a wholesale buyor could impose such conditions on his retail cus- tomers. It was quite consistent with viowa of this sort that in the House tho other day Mr, Berry, in dwelling upon the value of the beetroot sugar industry to France, added up the cost of the production of the sugar, the value of tho product, tho whole of the duty paid on it, and the worth of the refuse re- turned to the land, and offered the whole as the total value of tho industry. The detec- tion of this " financial swindle" by Mr. Lang- ton created great amusement. We might fill columns with statements such as these, summed up in the foliowing'remarks'&y; this journal:-"Although tho course of treat- ment to which Mr. Berry is now subjecting tbe colony is very severe, we do not think that if he had tried his utmost he could have hit upon a plan so well adapted to forward the interests of unrestricted commerce In- deed, we may say that had he tried, ho would have utterly failed, as usual ; but havtog been called to curse free trade, lo ! he has blessed it altogether. We may date tho 'be- ginning of the end' of protection from the day that ho imposed 20 per cent, on many of the necessaries of life, and passed a tariff which will make itself distinctly felt in ovory horne in the colony, from the mansion down to the bush hut." OUR WATER SUPPLY WORKS. It may be said that we now know the worst in respect to the Coliban and Geelong schomes of water supply, which wero attempted to bo carried out under tho Public Works Loan Act, 1SG8, The leading points in the history of these undertakings must be familiar evon to English readers. The Coliban scheme was to supply Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and the adjacent centres of mining population with water ; and the Geelong scheme was to carry out a similar purpose (in pursuance of pro- mises of many years' standing) in respect to the town of Geelong. A " water supply de- partment " was created, and Mr. Christopher son, a Victorian engineer, placed at its head, district engineers performing the work of local superintendence. In the courso of last year tho fears which had long been enter- tained as to prominent faults of construc- tion in tho works erected by this de- partment wero amply justified. The out- let works at the Malmsbury dam, by which the waters of tbo Coliban were retained, proved faulty, and enough was shown to cause the prompt dismissal of Mr. Christopherson, Mr. Shakespear, district engineer, and Mr. Woods, his assistant (since elected MX.A. for Crowlands), Thon the late Government took a distinct course. Having as far as possible suspended all opera- tions, they asked the Govornor-Gonoral of India to select one of the experienced hydraulic ongineers of tho Indian service and appoint him to examino and report upon these Coliban and Geelong waterschemes to the Vic- torian Government, Accordingly the Earl of Mayo sont Lieutenant-Colonel Sankev, R.E., who, after several months' close examination and inciuiry.hasfurnishcdhisreport, which was anxiously looked for. Tho document is plain but exhaustive, and bos for the present beon accepted as authoritative. Unfortunately, it confirms our worst fears, and it would scorn that we have not much to show for the money-nearly a million-which has boon expended in this direction. Colonol Sankey's report followed a series of queries put by Mr. Mackay, late Minister of Mines, first as to the Coliban, and secondly as to the Geelong water scheme. The first of these replies had reference to the 55 millions of gallons, which was the actual daily quan- tity of water proposed to be delivered on sale from the works of the Coliban scheme during 313 working days of each year. Making evory allowance in favour of the existing reservoirs, viz., thoso at Malmsbury, Expedition Pass, Barker's Creek, and Spring Gully, and ave- raging the total catchment, the report states that the deliveries would have failed by 12,267 million gallons in 1809, and 11,030 million gallons in 1870. Tested by even tho small dclivory of 15 millions of gallons daily, the Malmsbury reservoir would havo failed by from 1,200 to 1,-00 million gallons daily between May and November, 1809, and Feb- ruary and July, 1870. Nevertheless, thoro would bo a fair certainty of 15 million gallons daily from that sourco, except in exceed- ingly dry seasons, or when the rainfall was distributed over a large number of days. In fact, neither the storage capacity nor drainage area of these reservoirs were snfñciont, nor could they bo mide so within a reasonable limit of expenditi re. The report proceedod to enumorate tbe faults in the outlet works at Malmsbury which had led to the disastrous results which had accrued; to describe tho tower as extravagantly largo and costly, when a skeleton framework and sim pi o lifting machinory would have boon sufficient : to condemn the costliness wbilo praising the workmanship of the tunnel, 417 feet in length ; to state that the design and setting out of the 4GJ miles of aqueduct (out of 180 miles projected) were radically defective in many important respects ; and to repre eent that the invorted syphon at the Back Creek valley, which cost £24,428, could only be used for scrap iron, or other purposes pqually inferior, while a wooden flume cost- ing £7,595 would have answered equally well. Of Barker's Crpek Reservoir (which cost £34,017), and Expedition Pass Reservoir (which cost £43,335), the report stated that both might be made serviceable, but there was only use for one of them. Spring Gally reservoir was, now that the leak which the scamping of the contractors had left open, safe, although means must be taken to pre- vent the silting up of the outlet valvo, which was too deep. Other less - prominent faults and defects were also pointed out and com- mented upon. On the essential point of the probable cost and returns of the Coliban scheme, Colonel Sankey reported that he had been at some tiouble to ascertain how the matter stood. In regard to the cost which would have to be incurred for giving tho fullest possiblo development to the scheme, to the extent of delivering 55 million gallons daily in years of moderately good rainfall, ho says "I may mention that estimates have been prepared for completing all the works in the most economical manner, and making such modification in the particular features as may bo required to ensure safety. These necessarily embrace the construction of-1. The Upper Coliban reservoir ; or this in com- bination with others on the Campaspe and Loddon, capable of atoring 14,000 million nailon s 2. Modifications of the by-washes, &c;, of the different reservoirs connected with the scheme. 3. Completion of the channels to the full extent originally proposed, and pitching to them where rendered necessary by the character of the soil. 4 Substi- tution of a timber flume for the Back Creek syphon. 5. Sundry small works. 6\. Pro rata charges for supervision, and interest on loans debitable, under tho suppo- sition that two years more would be spent in completing all. It is much to he doubted if the estimated charge which I have assigned for giving the extra storage capacity required would suffice, or that the works could, with the utmost energy, bo finished in two years ; still, with these favourable reservations, I find that the whole scheme, when completed, would probably not stand the country in less than £1,239,024." Deducting interest on the loans and the cost of supervision cbarly incidental to the scheme but not hitherto charged against it, the probable outlay would be £032,114. The gross income on this C5 million gallons, calculated at hd. porl.OOGgal., the highest price that could be used, would be £35,880 ; and assuming the interest on capital to be 5 per cent., and the maintenance charges as low as £12,000 per annum, the financial result would be a loss of £36,000 per annum on the higher estimate of cost, and £22,726 on the lower estimate. Such being the case, the scheme would probably be never pursued to its full development, and consequently separate arrangements would have to be made for supplying Castle- maine and Sandhurst. There were no in- superable difficulties in the way of supplying Sandhurst from a nearer and better source than the Malmsbury Reservoir : and in regard to Castlemaine, with the Expedition Pass and Barker's Creek reservoirs, either affording an ample supply, there need be no difficulty. As to Sandhurst, that population and that of Eaglehawk ( together nearly 50,000 souls) might be supplied with SOgal. daily per head at a cost of £200,000, debiting that scheme with the whole cost of the Spring Gully Reservoir (£12,443) and the purchaso of the Bendigo Waterworks Company's works. The question then remained, might not the Malmsbury reservoir be devoted to some useful purpose in washing down the auriferous ground in the " mining districts" of Taradale, Fryerstown, and Castlemaine. The returns from the mining surveyors Bhowed that the auriferous soil commanded by the channels from this reservoir would givefullemploytnent to 12 million gallons daily for 176'years, and to complete the scheme so as to supply 12 million gallons daily to sluicing, and 3 million gallons daily to reefing, would cause au outlay of £58,833 in addition to former expenditure, and ex- clusive of interest and supervision charges. The gross income from this, at a rate of led. per 1,000 gallons (the highest it appeared desirablo to calculate upon), would be £0,800, of which £6,000 would go for supervision, and the remaining £3,800being applied to cover in- terest, would represent a capital of £70,000. Of course the enormous Bums already spent on the Coliban scheme are left wholly out of account. in respect to the Geelong scheme, Colonel Sankey points out that the subsidence of the embankment at Stony Creek, "4ifft., must be dealt with, the by-wash must be remodelled and paved, pipes must be substituted for the open channel from tho reservoir to Mount Anakie, and as to the. main from Lovely ~«.. "u tv UDClUUf, VUt5re>VlU MO HU Uu,u, f" a second main when money may bo forth- coming." As to the quantity of water which should be provided per head of population, Colonel Sankey says-"I have had alter- native estimates framed-1. For giving a supply of 37 gallons per head to the present population of Geelong, or 25 to one assumed at 30,000souls ; 2. Forgiving the full amount for which the scheme has been designed, viz., 150 gallons per head for a population of 20,000." The revenuo probably derivable from tbe works appears small, and in any case much less than the charges for supervision, mainten- ance, and interest on capital sunk. The losses I estimate variously at £17,450 or £19,848, according to whether the lower or higher stan- dard of supply is adopted per hoad of popula- tion." He proceeds to say that if more than the first estimate bo needed, a further supply must bo sought from Wallace's Swamp. In his concluding romarks on this subject, Colonel Sankey strongly recommends the permanent employment of a thoroughly trained hydraulic engineer, and says, pithily, "Haste and failuro are, I cannot but con sider, synonymous terms when applied to waterworks." Some idea of the loss to the colony esti- mated in this report may be gathered from the fact that the whole actual outlay on the Coli- ban scheme up to date is £607,014, exclusive of supervision and interest on loans ; and that on the Geelong scheme, up to date, £288,489. Tho above merely sets forth a fow salient points in the lengthy and exhaustivo report and appendices which bave been laid before Parliament. On the general subject of water .supply, we may mention that a Bcbomo has been propounded- which the Government have almost promised to aid by a bill autho- rising a loan-for the purchase of the Bendigo Waterworks by tho Bendigo Corporation. Similar legislation is also partly promised to enable the Ballarat Water Commission to complete their water supply, which is a local undertaking. OUR DEFENCES AND VOLUNTEERS. The step which the Government antici- pated being able to toko in respect to our paid garrison artillery corps, and which we an- nounced last month, is now, it seems, not likely to bo taken. Their proposition was to abolish that force as useless and incom- petent, but before such was effected tho Legis- lative Assembly appointed a select com- mitteo to inquire into the subject. A searching investigation has beon made, and some severe tests applied, but we understand, the evidence is so strongly in favour of the retention of tbo forco that Mr. Berry's proposal will probably not be car- ried into effect. This, and the fact that monthly Volunteer battalion parades have been resumed with marked success, constitutes our budget of military and volunteer news. The Cerberus monitor has had her first trials this month. A fortnight since she was manned by a crew of 82 mon of the Naval Reservo, and steamed into Port Phillip Bay. The weather was rough, a strong S.W. gale blowing, but hor roll ing was imperceptible. The intended shot and sholl practice boing inconvenient, on account of the difficulty of setting up good targets in such weather, and too oxponsive to be permitted except undor the best conditions, was not allowed to come off, but a few blank charges were fired. The steering qualities of the vessel were also tested severely. In every respect, however, the monitor behaved splendidly; with her twin screws roversed, she turned a circle in 4m. 45s., and with ordinary steering she did another "circle in 5m. 15s. Her machinery worked to a marvel, and the m en of the Naval Reserve went through their duties very satisfactorily. The noxt day the Cerberus, manned by about 20 mon ana CO picked boys from the Nelson training ship, steamed to Geelong, The day was boautifully fine, and under unfavourable circumstances (her bottom foul and hex 'coals bad) she steamed botween seven and eight knots per hour. A few charges of powder and one shell were fired, the latter to please the Minister of Mines, who was on board, but not in tho way of tests, so nothing was proved. Tho Cer- berus has lain ever sinco in Geelong Harbour, where she is an object of intense interest. Special trains from Ballarat have swelled the number of her' visitors to tens of thou- sands. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The permanency of gold-mining as one of the leading industries of Victoria has never appeared to bo so well assured as it is at the present time. From all the principal districts of the colony the news is of a most encourag- ing character, whilo the accounts published almost daily of the large returns of some of the rioh quartz companies of Sandhurst, together -with the opening up of now quartz reefs and claims in that district, have been almost wonderful, and have causod mining Stocks and shares in that district to rise in vahío to an extent which no one in Sandhurst or the colony l8 months ago conld in the slightest degreo have anticipated. Quartz mining is also being prosecuted vigorously and successfully in many other parts of the colony, and tho yield of gold obtainod from quartz is now just about equal to that ob- tained from the alluvial workings, which in the earlier days of gold-digging here was the only source from which gold was returned. When it is homo in mind that quartz claims in most instances furnish work for numbers of men for years, that they are now being worked from or near the surface to great depths, and that it is quite certain that only an infinitesimal portion'of the quartz reefs which exist throughout the colony havo yet been discovered, it will be easily apparent, even to persons at a distance, that there is full reason for the belief now almost universally entertained in the colony, that the mining industry will continue to be prosecuted with profit for centuries. The reports ot tho mining registrars and surveyors of the different districts of the colony for the quarter ending 30th June have been published, and they are of a very satisfactory nature, more especially as regards quartz mining, The following briof summary ot the most important facts contained in them was published in The Argus, but it must be understood that tho quantities of gold realised do not embrace the whole of the gold obtained in the colony, the registrars and surveyors not being able to obtain returns from many of the miners whose operations aro carried on in scattered parts of the various districts : "Tbo estimated quantity of gold raised dur- ing the quarter from alluvial, ground is 180,744oz. 13dwt., and from the quartz reefs, 174,086o_. 14dwt, making a total of 355,431oz. 7dwt,, being an increase of 42,000oz. over the returns' for the previous quarter. Of this increase about 35,OOOoz.-is credited to quartz, and 7,000oz. to alluvial mining. The tables show that over 236,000 tons of quartz were crushed during the quarter, or over 8,000 tons more than during the quarter ending 31st March. The average yield of gold por ton for tho June quarter also shows an increase of ldwt. 12gr. It is further gathered from the reports that during the quarter 23 new quartz reefs have been discovered. From 826 tons of pyrites and blanketing oporated on, l,90Goz. of gold were obtained, the average yield per ton being over 2oz, 7dwt, or nearly loz. per ton more than in the previous quartor. "With regard to population, there has been a con- siderable decrease in the number of alluvial miners, and an increase in the number of quartz miners, The total of tho mining population at the end of the quarter stood at 67,439, of whom 27,084 Europeans and 14,487 Chinese wero alluvial miners, and 15,7(i0 Europeans and 114 Chinóse were quartz miners. In the statistics regarding machinery, there is no change of consequence, but the large number of stamp-hoads now at work in the Sandhurst division of the Sandhurst district-1,230-is noticeable, con- stituting nearly a fifth of the whole of the stamp-heads in the colony. Information of an encouraging character to quartz miners is given in the table showing the yield of gold from quartz raised from some of the deeper mines. The greatest depth from windi quartz was raised during the period covered by the reports was 720ft. This was in Collmann and Tacchi's mine at Sandhurst, the yield of gold per ton being 2oz. 8dwt., from 490 tons. The quartz was obtained from between the 210ft. and 720ft. levels. The Hustler's Reef Company, at the same place, raised 117 tons of quartz, from a depth of GOOft., which yielded over 2oz. 2dwt. per ton. The Albion Company shaft at Steiglitz is down S68ft. beneath the surface, and two auriferous reefs have been struck at this depth. The Extended Cross Company at Pleasant Creek again, are putting in a level at 800ft. in depth. Four other shafts are tbown to be from 700ft to 720ft. in depth, and in nearly every case auriferous roefs have been struck, some of which are in work. It bos been calculated that if the quartz mines continue to be sunk at a rate corresponding with the progress which has been made during the lost three or four years, some of them will, at the end of a like period, have reached a depth of 1,400ft. to 1,500ft." The reports of the mining registrars and sur- veyors respecting the different districts state tw in »-.Vin Ballarat district the yield of gold had improved, in me central dlvhiiuu tua yield exceeded that of the previous quarter by 7,000oz, In the Buninyong division a deep run of alluvial wash was discovered during the quarter. At Smythesdale the total yield of gold was 21,6110%, which far exceeded that of any equal interval for several years back. In the Beechworth district mining affairs were, on the whole, satisfactory. The mining registrar of the Sandhurst division of the Sandhurst district reported that tho average yield of gold from quartz during the past quarter was considerably higher than it had hitherto been, and the quantity of gold pur- chased by the banks had exceeded that of the previous three months by 20,000oz. The Garden Gully Reef had contributed more to this increase than any other, but the im- provement was general. At Alma, Havelock, and Cbinaman's-fiat, in the Maryborough district, considerable activity had prevailed during the quartor ; and at Amherst the yields had improved, A new lead had been discovered at Fiddler's Creek, in the Avoca subdivision, and at the time the repurt was sent in there were 560 miners on tho ground. The surveyor of the Castlemaine district re- corded that he had much pleasure in reporting avery decided improvement, prospootively, in mining enterprise in the Castlemaine division. Theimmense tracts of proved auriferous quartz reefs, with the unopened connexions and continuations of lines of lodes, were attract- ing the attention thoy deserved. At Fryer's Creek the returns from the quartz reefs had been far greater than hitherto, but little had been done either in sluicing or puddling. The reports from Ararat were unfavourable. Alluvial mining in the Ararat division of the district had declined to a very low standard, and nearly all tho gold obtained had been got from old ground. The quartz workings had also retrogressed very seriously. In the Plea- sant Creek division, however, the prospects of the reefs had very much improved, and more than the average amount of gold had been obtained during tho quarter. A considerable number of alluvial miners had also been profitably employed. There bos been a considerable amount of excitement during the past month in Ballarat East on the question of the right to mine under the town. Attention has latterly been directed to the ofton-repeated opinions and statements of many persons conversant with the history of mining on Balla- rat proper-now divided into the city of Ballarat and the borough of Balla- rat East-to the effect that vory large quantities of auriferous washdirt which existed under Ballarat East had not been dis covered _y tne early miners, or had been patsed over by them for what in their times was considered better paying ground. Acting on those statements, some shafts were re- cently sunk in tho borough, the result being that the statements and opinions referred to were ascertained to have considerable founda- tion in fact, the miners in many cases having discovered good payable ground, The suc- cess of the Go-ahead Company, ono of the parties who tried the ground undor the borough, was much better than its projectors ever expected, for a great rich bed of wash dirt, from 7ft. to 9ft. thick, was found, and the discovery caused a great rush of promoters of companies, as well as of legitimate minors, to the ground in tho neighbourhood of the claim. The greater part of Ballarat East is now, however, privato proporty, and it has been bnilt upon by the ownors of the soil, many of tho buildings being of a valuablo character. The owners of these buildings of courso naturally object to their ground being uudermined, becauso the consequent of that would probably bo the subsidence or fall of their buildings. The miners, on the other hand, appear determined to pursuo their call- ing either with or without the consent of the owners of the property erected over the rich beds of washdirt, and there is great excite- ment on tho question. The local borough council have been looked to as the proper parties to interioro in the matter, it being contended that if they appointed duly quali- fied officers to inspect all the underground workings, they would be able to provent the miners from digging under tho oxact spot whore buildings are erected. Nothing has yet been done to settle the question, and it is sur- mised that if tho council or somo other re iponsible body does not soon interfere, the miners will bave driven under tho ground in all directions before the interference is deter 1 mined upon, and it will thon bo useless. Already, it is stated, that one or more houses havo been bought in the borough, with the view of enabling miners to sink shafts in them unobserved, and then drive away from tho bottom of the shafts to where the wash dirt is believed to lie. The Winter's Freehold mine, in which Eng- lish shareholders aro interested, is, it is stated, beginning to afford general satisfaction in mining circles,-because it is now thought it will yet prove itself to bo a remunerativo speculation to shareholders, and lead mining enterprise into the great strotch of un- known country to the west of it. The reports of the mining manager and those given by persons ablo to judge who havo been permitted to inspect the underground work- ings, are very reassuring, the character of both tho dirt and the gold improving as it is opened up, the greater coarseness of the gold being viewed as the best indica- tion they could have ; but it does not appear they have yet reached the deepest ground. The distance at which the presont faces aro from the shaft is a serious drawback, and it is not improbable, if further improvement in tho ground is discovered, that it may be judged expedient to sink a new shaft nearer the north-west corner of the claim. An occasional correspondent of The Argus has recently prepared an interesting record of the dividends which the now celebrated mines of Sandhurst have paid since the beginning of 1870,the period from which the remarkable im provementinminingaffairsinthatdistrictmay be said to have commenced. By that state- ment it is shown that the markot value of the claims on one lino of reef alone-the Garden Gully line, exclusive of its southern extension -is £991,500, or close on a million sterling. To show that this is not an excessive value, the correspondent states tbat dating from the time the Garden Gully reef was struck-about 12 months ago-there had been paid in divi- dends the sum of £177,509, exclusive< of a largo expense incurred in erecting machinery. Even at the present enhanced value the sum named would give over 20 per cent, return on the market value, and the claims promise to yield even better, as a proof which it was in htonced that tho Garden Gully Reef alone paid £10,054 Cs. in dividends for tho week ending on the 23rd July last. In a synopsis of the Sandhurst companies, tho correspondent named sets down the gross amount of dividends paid from January, 1870, to 30th June, 1871, at £381,887, and the calls for the samo period amounted at £173,456, of which, however, only £13,414 ought to be charged to dividend-paying companies, the balance being paid on new ventures that are not yet reproductive. The synopsis is con- cluded as follows:-"Omitting the inter- mitting dividend- paying claims, and taking only the regular dividend-paying ones, exclu- sivo of the Garden Gully, there are 17 com- panies which aro favourites. The market value of these 17 is £015,042, and they will be found to have paid within l8 months £159,000. This will give a higher per centage than that of the Garden Gully stocks ; the marketable value of which is £991,509, and they_ have paid in dividends £172,509. However, it is to be remarked that the operations on the 17 com- panies embrace l8 months, while the Garden Gully has only been paying for a year; so that the prices and interest aro pretty well equalised. If I am right, I mako the interest on mining somewhere from 20 to 25 per cent, on the present prices, and there is reason to believo that the closing six months will show that I have under- estimated our resources." Respecting the Daylesford mines, the local paper, in a recent issue, says:-"It is long trinco there was so much mining activity in this district, and the quartz reefs especially are more than ever vigorously worked. The ground as far south of Daylesford as Speci- men-hill has been pegged off for claims, and from that point to the Hepburn Consols shaft, north of the borough, there is a nearly unin- terrupted line of quartz workings for about three miles. The Cornish Quartz-mining Company have another fine yield, the amal- gam for the past fortnight from the plates alone having amounted to l,000oz. The North Cornish Company at their last cleaning up got a little over 200oz. of gold for two weeks' crushing." The most reliable test- of the amount of gold obtained in the colony are tho Custom- house returns of the quantity exported, and according to them the improvement in the yield of this year over last is very great. The amount of Victorian gold exported up to the end of July of this year was 984,130oz., while the amount for the corresponding period of last year was only 845,393oz" or 13S,737oz. less than the return for the first seven months of this year. Up to the end of June the difference between the two half-years was 113,441oz. in favour of 1871 ; but up to the end of July the difference betwoen the corre- sponding periods of the two years had been increased to 138,737oz., or 25,29Goz. more in favour of 1871. AGRICULTURAL. Tbo weather for some timo past has been seasonable, a low night temperature (slight frosts have been of frequent occurrence) having helped to retard tbo progress of the crops, and preserve them from attaining that undesirable state of forwardness which at an earlier period scorned imminent. On the Windham plains the presence of takeall is reported in the oat crops, but upon the whole the condition of our cereals was never in the middle of September more promising than at present. The ploughing-match season was appropriately closed by a champion match on the 31st ult, on tho town common of Geelong, Twenty seven competitors took part in the single plough class, and five ia the class for double-furrow ploughs. The premiums in the single-plough class wore on a most liberal scale ; the first prize, £25, was won by J. T. Heard, of the Barrabool-LIills ; the second, £15, by W. Ross, Miners' Rest ; the third, £10, by Thos. Draffin, Burrumbeet; and the fourth, £5, by John Tracoy, Ondit. Few of our ploughmen having attained pro- ficiency in handling the double-furrow imple- ments, the competition in this class is not closo enough to render it interesting ; both prizes were awarded to the holders of ploughs made here ; the first prize implement being of Lennon's make, and the second of Kelly and Preston's. In the work of establishing the beet-sugar industry, no real progress has been made. Tho root can be grown here at the required prico, but capitalists have failed to see their way clearly to start a manufactory, Our high labour rates present a formidable obstacle to promoters of enterprises of a novel diameter, and more especially is their influ- ence felt in this matter of sugar extraction, which seems to require such an abundance of labour, skilled and unskilled, which on the continent of Europe is so poorly remunerated. To the labour difficulty has now been added another; the Victorian Government declines to exempt beet sugar machinery (which wo cannot as yet make here) from the operation of the duty of 20 per cent, imposed on im- ported machinery generally. A company wai on the eve of being started at Warrnambool ; about SOO shares had been subscribed for, but in view of this additional drawback, the promoters have abandoned the project. In the vicinity of Geelong-at Winchelsea 00 farmers have accepted seed from Mr. Stirling, of the latter place, and bave planted from two roods to two acres each, to test the capabilities of their Boil. They intend, it is said, to form themselves into a company, and find both money and machinery : but it will bo hardly possible to make a start before next season, ab the machinery could not be pro- cured from Europe in time to treat tho crop just sown, Free distillation is just now the cry of the vignerons, and, superficially, the idea is captivating ; but it is asserted by the im porting interest that, beyond facilitating the conversion of positively unsaleable wine into a marketable commodity, it would not benefit the growers. It is said that any sound wine, of however low a character, could bo sold for more than it would return in the form of brandy, unless a largo measure of protection wore accorded, and in that case our own market would bo the only one opened to our vignerons. In the business of cheese and butter producing, the colony is pushing ahead, but the factory system is still in its infancy, our farmers preferring to retain the management of their produce ia their own hands. The health of our live stock con- tinues generally good. Statements of a contrary character wero lately made without authority, pleuro, it was said, prevailed to an alarming extent ; but on roferring to the inspectors of stockfor a report, theGovernmentwas enabled to contradict tho rumour. Our Scab Act appears to be working well, only one flock owner having been fined during the quarter just expired. The value of well-bred cattlo is still maintained, as shown by the prices realised by the stock of Imperial Purple (bred by Mr. M'Dougall of this colony), and others sold by auction after the recent show at Sydney. Imperial Purple, 8th (l8 months), fell for £250 to Mr. Henry Wron ; Imperial Purple 11th (11 months), for £103, to Mr. Geo. Osborne; Imperial Purple 13th (lu months), and Imperial Purple 15th (8 months), for £200, to Mr. Thos. Rutledge. These were all bred by Mr. Walt»r Lamb, the owner of Imperial Porfíe, Another Imperial Purple, tho ninth of that family, l8 months old, was withdrawn, at 290 guiñóos. Baroona, a seven months old bull calf, was sold for 255 guineas. Ravensworth, an importad bull, also for 255 guineas, and Cassius for 120 guineas. These wero only the principal sales, a largo number of animals having found purchasers at prices ranging from £40 up to £100. . We have now to report the sale by Mr. W. M'Culloch of the remainder of his lately imported Clydesdales, in one lot, to Mr. C. B. Fisher, who will remove thom to Adelaide. The stud consists of the champion horse Marquis of Lorn, the champion mares Belle 1st and London Maggie 3rd ; a yearling colt, King of the Isles ; and a colt foal out of Belle. They were sold for a lump sum of £1,700. MEAT-PRESERVING. The progress of this industry, so far as regards companies not yet woll- establishod, appears likely to have a temporary check. The promoters of now companies aro be- ginning to find out that the business is one which can only be carried on with considerable capitaL It arises from the fact that, though preserved meat has come wonderfully into notice in the European markots, the demand has not yet become so extensive as there is overy reason to expect it will become, nor so large as the various companies formed hero were prepared to satisfy. Some companies wero set agoing with a small capital, most of which was sunk in buildings and machinery ; and they depended on the rapid salo of their meats for the means to carry on. The stoppage of the European war seems to have cut off one source of demand, and for the moment caused a sort of glut on the market. Heneo, agents of the new companies have been able to report small sales only, and the authorities at head- quarters have not got the funds they calculated upon for keeping the works going. One of the companies in this position is the Australian, which has its establishment at Footscray. It started with a capital of £10,000, but most of that sum was spent on the build- ings.,. Recently, the shareholders resolved upon doubling the capital ; but up to the present only 200 out of 2,000 shares have been disposed of. The half-yearly meeting was held on the 1st inst. Operations were reported to havebeen carried on to thefollowing extent : Since February, 1865, 182 sheep and 2.58G head of cattle bave been slaughtered. The produce was 2,085 casks tallow, and 18,500 cases of meat. The value of the preserved meats consigned (to London chiefly) up to August 19, was £35,941, and of tallow £13.509. Advices of tho receipt of £8,000 worth, of meats had come to hand, but the account sales of only 80 or 90 cases had beon for- warded. The prices were on some parcels from 5d. to 5.}d. per lb. for mutton, Gd. to GJd. for beef, and 4d. for soup. The prices to be relied upon were Sid. for beef, 4jd, for mutton, and 4d. for soup. Fending the receipt of the mail news, the directors had carried on hy means of an advance from the bank. When they learned that the sales had been small, thoio was nothing for it but to stop tho works for the present. The company certainly had not yet had a fair trial, for the directors had always expected that the unallotted shares would be taken up. A committeo of shareholders was ap- pointed to confer with the directors as to what should be done to carry on the com- pany. A subsequent meeting decided that the position of the company should be brought under the notice of persons in- terested in the price of stock, with the view of inducing them to take up the balanco of the unallotted shares (1,800 at £5 each), and that it should be pointed out that contingent on the sale of consignments at late rates, the company was quite able to pay off any liabili ties, and leave thofreehold premises, works, &c;, to represent existing shares, The chairman stated that if some £8,000 or £9,000 could be obtained, it would be ample capital to work upon ; in fact, if £2,000 or £3,000 had been available the directors would not have had to ask for increased capital at the present time. The meeting decided that unless the whole of the additional capital was subscribed by December, the money recoivod should be returned. The Geelong Meat-preserving Company may now be considered a success. A number of influential gentlemen have boen appointod provisional directors, and nearly all the shares have been disposed of. The capital is to be £15,000. The Warrnambool Company has taken measures to increase its capital. At a special meeting lately, a statement made by the directors showed the company to be in a good position, but that the capital was insufficient ; and a motion was passed urging shareholders and others to take up the unallotted shares. It was subsequently announced that 1,558 shares out of 2,000 of the new issue had boon taken up. The meeting adjourned for a fort- night, to afford an opportunity for disposing of the remaining shares. Sam pies of tho Geelong Company's meat wero tested at Geelong a few days ago. The soup and preserved tongues were found unexcep tionahly excellent. The mutton was rather overdone, but this is a fault which can easily be remedied in future operations. An opinion has also been pronounced on samples shown hy the Colac Meat Company. Thoro were submitted samples of spiced beef, kan- garoo and bacon, kangaroo à la mode, corned beef, rabbits and onions, curried rabbit, boiled rabbit, rabbits and bacon. The most general opinion was that tho spiced beef, ox cheek, and corned beef were the best pre- served. The rabbits were good, but would likely be somewhat better if served up hot instead of cold. The statement current about a month ago, that pleuro-pneumonia was prevalent amongst cattle in this colony, has very satis- factorily been shown, by official reports, to have been a foolish exaggeration. So far from there having been any grounds for the com- plaint which was made, it appears that tbo stock have not been so free from disease for several years past as they are at the present time. The rigid system of inspection at the abattoirs would be sufficient to prevent any tainted meat from coming into the markets. THE LABOUR MARKET. The demand for female servants has im- proved during the month, and the quoted rates are easily obtained. The better class of domestic servants are still much needed, particularly for situations in the country. Tho high import duties placed upon all articles used in tbo tailoring trade, have caused tho employers to contemplate lowering the rate of the men's wages from Is. per hour to 9d. per hour. A meeting has taken place among the men, and a revised log is to bo submitted to the employers, pending which all further action is stopped. In the building trades business is slack, as usual at this time of the year. Shearing operations have commenced m Riverina, ana in a few weeks there will bo a large demand for ordinary labouring men. The lumpers and stevedores' men have been very short of work for some time past, owing to the small number of vessels discharging at the Railway and Sandridge piors. The following are the average rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £20 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, £,i0 to £35 per annum ; male do., 20s. to 35s. per - week ; nursemaids. £20 to £25 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £35 per annum. For Hotels-Cooks, malo and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15s. to 20s. per week. For Stations - First-class married couples for home stations, £50 to £05 per annum ; second class do., £40 to £50 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £50 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-Mon cooks, £30 to £40 per annum; married couples, £40 to £50 per do. ; female general servants, £25 to £30 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £45 per annum ; shepherds, first-class, £35 to £45 do.; hutkcepers, £25 to £30 do. ; general station hands, 12s. to 13s. per week. Farm Servants. - Ploughmen, £35 to £45 per annum ; norse-drivors, 12s. Gd. per week ; ordinary farm servants, Us. and 12s. per do. All tho above servants aro fed ana lqdgod by their employers. Where rations are given, tho following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria:-101b. to 121b. moat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, and iib. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers^ and other tradesmen are without ration unless where specially mentioned :" Tradesmen.-Stonemasons and plasteroi receive 10s. tolls, per day ; carpenters. 9s. per do.; slaters, 10s. tolls. 6d. per do.; bricklayers aro paid at the rate of 10s. ner day, but most of the work is dono bv the piece at very low rates ; labourers from 5s. Gd. to 7s. por do. : pick and-shovol mon, 6s. per do. The day s work is eight hours. Cabinetmakers.-In the best shops tho average earnings for good tradesmen are !)s. per day ; first-class hands in upholsterers' earn from £3 to £4 per week. In second-class establishments and factorios the best hands sam about 9s. per day ; upholsterer», 9s. ; polishers, 8s. per day of eight hours. There is a large numbor of men in this trade oat of. employment. 1/ Stevedores' Men, &c-Lumpers;, and wool stowe« are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. per day. Work has been for some time past -very slack, and thpro a great many men out of employment. Donkey-engine drivers get .about SA. per week ; enginoors in tow-boats, £16 per month. ShipCarpenters.-The rate paid in this trade -is 13s. per day of eight hours. Paintors.-Ordinary workmen get about 8s. . per doy. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 50s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per weok ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (pork butchers) receive 40s. to 60s. Clothing Factories.-The rates obtainod in the faetones vary very much, as most of thom allow work to be taken home, and it is thus im ; possible to tell how long the hands work, or \ ijv many assist. Where the» work is not \ pen home, tailoressos earn from £1 to £1 J, a. per week, pressers £2, In shirt-making, most of the work is taken home. Machinists can oarn 12s. per week in factory hours, from . 9 till 6. Farriers.-First-class foremen get about £3 per week ; door-men, from £2 to £2 10s. ; time 10 hours per day. Farriers for tho country get from 20s. to 30s. per week, and their board and lodging. In many parts of the country good farriers aro much needed. Bootmakers.-Tho demand forhands in this trade remains about the same as last month. For rivetting, childrens' boots as low as 6d. Eer pair has been paid, and Is. for womon's oots. lOd. for boys', and Is, 3d. for men's boots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trade tho rates paid romain about the same. In a few of the best shops the rotes paid are-Wellingtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. Od. ; closing, 8s. Tinsmiths -The great demand for good tradesmen by the meat-preserving companies, still keeps the price of wages in this trade high. At the meat- preserving works, good workmen get from £3 to £4 per week of eight hours por day, but the work is very hard. In the trade, the rate is £210s. to £3 per weok of 10 hours per day. Plummers and Gasfitters receive £3 per -week of eight hours per day. Ironworkers.-The rotes paid are as fol- lows ¡-Boilermakers, 12s. per day ; black- smiths, 12s. do. ; fitters, 11s. do. ; tumors, 12s. do. ; labourers, 7s. do. There are great complaints of want of work, and many mon are out of employment. Watch Jobbers and Jewellers.-Good work- men get £4 in the first-class shops. Manu ¿acturing jewellers reçoive from £2 15s. to £3 U5s. per week. A few of the better workmen receive as high as £5 and £6 per week. There aro a good many mon out of employ in this ?trade. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is .done by the piece ; tho wages fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Grooms in livery Btables get from 30s. to .40s. per week ; drivers, from 40s. to 50s. per .do. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the -rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class .shops the earnings aro from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In factories, the rates vary, the men ibeing often paid by the piece. Where wages ¡aro poid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. Saddlers.-This trade is in a very depressed state, and there aro large numbers of men outof .employment. Inbestshopsthemenearn£210s. per week, while fair workmen are often get ~iing from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough .common work the rate is from 25s. to 30s, per week-time, 10 hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmen receive UOs. to 70s. per week ; shedsmen, 42s. to 45s. per do. ; tanners, 38a. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 60s. to 70s. per week. Gardeners.-Best workmen, for situations near town, get 45s. to 55s. per week ; do., for "the country, 40s. to 60s.; inferior hands for .country, 12s. Od. to 18s. per week with rations. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 5s. Tho work in this trade is 10 hours per .day. Printers, &c-; Journeymen printers reçoive £3 per week where paid by wages ; machine men, £3 5s, In manufacturing stationers' .(establishments lithographers are paid £3 per week ; binders, -£3 per week ; paper-rulers, £3 5s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully sup- plied. Navvies,-The rate paid the men employed on the North-liastern Railway is 9d. per hoar. Miners.-The averogo rate for minors in ?tho Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight Siour shifts ; breaksmen cet a slightly higher Tate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz sniners in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-miners get 7s. per day ; «engineers receive £3 to 1Z 10s. In Bendigo, .cmost ef the work is aono on tribute. In Alexandra, miners receive £210s. per week. 3VIost of the work in Gipps Land is done by contract ; where wages are paid, tho men re- ceive from £2 10s. to £3. ?RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traffic on the Victorian Kailways for the week ending August 31 show a considerable improvement in all branches of traffic over the corresponding period of last year. For the carriage of pas- sengers the amount received is £3,049 18s. 2d., as against £2,68S 4s. 4d. last year, show- ing an improvement in favour of the present year of £36113s. lOd. The goods traffic gives a return of £6,640 Is. 7d., as against £5,425 10s. last year, showing an increase in this leturn for the week of £1,114 11s. 7d. over the returns of the corresponding period of last year. The cattle traffic has yieldod i£l,100 19s., as against £957 0s. lOd. last 3 ear, showing an increase in this return of £339 18s. 2d. The total returns for sthe week amount to £11,369 16s. 7d., as against £10,080 Is. 2d. last year, showing an increase in the total receipts for the week of j£l,289 15s. 5d. The aegregate returns to date from July 1 are £92,583 8s. 7d., as against dS87,048 8s, 3d. for the corresponding poriod of last year, showing an increase in favour of the present year of £5,535 0s. 4d. The weekly average (nine weeks) is £10,287 0s. lid., as against £9,072 Os. lid., showing a weekly in . crease in tho present year's returns of £615. Tho following are the gross returns for the Hast five years :-Traffic to the 31st August, 3.867, £344,26015s. 9d. ; to 31st August, 1808, r£3G0,358 16s. 6d. ; to 31st August, 1869, £379,962 11s. 3d. ; to 31st August, 1870, .£356,155 5s. lid. ; to 31st August, 1871, r£3G8,796 14s. 3d. The returns of the traffic on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway áor the four weeks ending 31st August show ta falling-off in every branch of revenue, with the exception of the goods traffic. The ¡amount received for the carriage of passen- gers is £4,527 10s. 10d" as against £6,240 tins. lOd. last year, showing a falling-off in -his branch of the returns amounting to r£l,713 9s. The return for the carriage of goods is £2,602 6s. 9d. as against £2,292 10s. Uld, last year, giving an increase in favour of the present year amounting to £309 15s. lOd. The total receipts for the month amount to r£7,129 17s. 7d., as against £8,533 10s. 9d. last ¡year, showing a falling-off in the month's ïeturnB amounting to £1,403 13s. 2d. The aggregate returns from lit July amount to £17,339 9s., as against £21,320 l63, last year, showing a falling-off in the returns to date of £3,981 6s., as compared with the corre- sponding period of last year. The weekly average is £1,957 13s. 7d., as against £2,308 3.9s. 6d" showing a weekly falling-off as ?compared with lost year of £411 6s. lOd. THE WEATHER. Fine warm weather has been experienced ? during the greater part of the month, varied with occasional heavy squalls, and several of -he extremely unploasant dust storms which ¡are of such frequent occurrence in the sum- mer time. The season has on the whole been remarkably mild, and forms a strong contrast to the boisterous and stormy weather expe- rienced during the same period of last year. The total rainfall since the beginning of the .ear is something over 18in INTERCOLONIAL. . NEW SOUTH WALES. Parliament has been further prorogued to "the 3rd of October. The Governor is to pay Í official visit to the northern districts during ?1 current month, and thon Lord and Lady 'imore will become the guests of the Go w.rnor of Tasmania for a short time. Mr. .Warden has beon returned to the Legislative Assembly for Shoalhaven, in the room of Mr. Garrett ; and Mr. Terry has boen elected for the New England district. The Government have commenced to establish post-office savings hanks, and a beginning has been made at Sydney. New South Wales is to be represented at the Melbonrne conference on the border treaties by Sir James Martin, Mr. Docker, and Mr. Lord. Tenders for the Public Works Loan wero opened on the 15th August and and 2nd September. On the tonner date, £117,400 of debentures were taken up at fr8m par to l.J premium ; on tho latter date. £150,000 worth wero taken up at a price slightly above par. A balanco amount- ing to £100,000 still remains on the hands of the Government. Tho loan is for the com- pletion of various unfinished works. The California mail'route vid Fiji has notyet come up to the expectations formed of it in the matter of time, but the trial has not yot been sufficient. The City of Adelaide, however, ar- rived at Sydney on Thursday last, within a few hours of contract time. Orders for two new steamers go home by the present mail. The agent of Mr. Webb's California and New Zealand line has announced that in future the steamers aro to call only at Auckland, on the way to Sydney, instead of running down the New Zealand coast. The third annual exhibition of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales was oponed on the 21st ult. The feature of the exhibition was the cattle, par- ticularly Herefords : much of the success was due, no doubt, to the appearance of a num- ber of animals either imported direct, with English prestige, or their offspring. The Durhams were the most numerous of tho exhi- bits. The quality of the shorthorns was good. The sheen were no very great feature in the exhibition, though mustering in fair force. Tasmania furnished ti)': bulk of the exhibits, The Metropolitan nl.ow does not attract the attendance of _tst- class sheep. The horse stock was the most satisfactory part of the exhibition. As a whole, the show did not come up to the great exhibition of last year. The Government intend reopening the oyster beds in the Clarence and Hunter Rivers. They have beon reserved for the last three years. The centenary of Sir Walter Scott was celebrated by a banquet, over which Dr. Badham, of the Sydney University, presided. Whaling is being vory successfully prosecuted at Twofold Bay. The Presbyterian Synod has resolved to apply to the home church for a fresh supply of ministers. The Chamber of Commerce have resolved to urge the Govern- ment to provide dock accommodation for the largest sized war vessels. The Governor has inaugurated a socioly for the promotion of architecture and the fine arts. Sugar crush- ing has been commonced in the Clarence district. The first of the now season's crop from tbo Macleay district has been received. The Intercolonial Wool Show has been fixed for the 20th February, 1872. A large meeting of gentlemen interested in the wool trado was held on the 27th August, when it was resolved that the London committee should be urged ' to effect the changes in the wool sales recommended by Sir Daniel Cooper. In the preparation of beds for the stone foun- dations of a house for..Dean Cowper, at the north-west extremity of St. Andrew's Cathe- dral, Sydney, a number of compactly built brick vaults, in which were coffins containing entire skeletons, were laid open. The wood of the coffins, though black, was in good preservation. The* graves aro supposed to be of an early date in the history of the colony, and to be those of soldiers who belonged to a colonial detachment of the British force. No plates were found on the coffins which might give some clue to tho identity of the remains. The bones, when exumed, were carefully col- lected together, and'removed in sholls to the cemetery at Haslem Creek. There has been considerable excitement at Tumut, on account of an attempt made by a person, as yet un- known, to shoot an hotelkeeper named Quilty, while standing at his bar. Tho inhabitants subscribed a sum of £100 for the discovory of the assassin. A Pastoral Association has been formed at Wilcannia, on the Darling. Anew set of gold- fields regulations has been issued, but the miners have" been much dissatis- fied with somo of them. A seam of coal has been found in the neighbourhood of Rocky Mouth, Lower Clarence. The boating season was opened on the 25th with a procession of boats, in the presence of the Governor. A large number of spectators were present. Some land in George-street, near the new post-office, Sydney, realised £270 a foot. The works of the Sydney Meat preserving Company are being pushed on rapidly. The appliances are on a scale equal to killing 800 to 1,000 sheep per day. In con- nexion with this industry considerable inte- rest is manifested in the success of Mr. Reece's patent for producing cold, he having, it is said, so far cheapened the process as to make itmoro available than ever for meat-preservers, and also for brewers and vignerons. Mr. Augustus Morris, of Sydney, is interested in this patent, having connected himself with it during his last visit to England. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament appears to be fully employed. The Land Bill is the subject that has chiefly occupied attention. The Assembly has decided that country lands shall be sold on credit atan upset price of £1 an acre. The limit of each holding taken on credit is fixed at a square mile. Residence is allowed by the man ser- vant of any person who has been in tho colony for one yoar. Tho provision that surveyed land shall be open exclusively to purchasers on the credit system for '"two years" bas been amended to "six months." The terms of payment on the credit system are-10 per cent, on application, f urthor pay- ments of 10 per cent, at tbe end of the third, fifth, and seventh years, and the balance of 60 per cent, at the end of the ninth year. Since tbo introduction of the agricultural area system, land to the extont of 373,000 acres has been sold on credit, as against 314,000 acres for cash. The Government have introduced a bill for the construction of a railway from Lacepede Bay to Narracoorte, at a cost of about £3,000 per mile. A scheme of assisted immigration is announced tobe under consideration. The Assembly passed a resolu- tion that the colony should be represented at the Border Treaty Conference in Melbourne. The Governor has laid before the Cabinet a memorandum recommending the adoption of iron tramways in various parts of tho colony. The memorandum was laid before tho As- sembly, which understood it to mean an attempt to influence votes on the South- eastern Railway Bill, and became suitably enraged. The paper was received, but the case was not to be construed into a precedent. One of the bills before the Legislature is a measure to simplify legislation bjr embodying a large number of existing laws in one short but comprehensive act. Each clause is a dis- tinct enactment. The bill to amend the Constitution Act provides that the Attorney General has not necessarily to be a member of Parliament ; that Ministers be re-elected on taking office; and that when the Assembly expires by eflluxion of time the members of the Ministry in the Legislative Council shall vacate their seats. The Government have availed themselves of the presence of Lieutenant-Colonel Sankey to get an examination made of Adelaide Plains, from the Sturt to Gawler, with a view of ascertaining the nature and extent of the water supply, and reporting on the possibility of its being applied to irrigation. The report has not yet been published. Satisfactory ac- counts of the progress of the Overland Tele- graph, northwards from Adelaide, continue to he received. Regular communication is now kept up with parties in the very heart of the continent, which six months ago had only been visited by the explorer. Good accounts are given of the character of the country traversed. The mayor of Adelaide has laid before the Drainage Committeo a scheme for borrowing £100,000, on the Government guarantee of 5 per cent., for draining the city. By the invest- ment of the surplus revenue derived from a rate to be levied, he proposes the extinction of the debt in 46 years. The millers hove made arrangements for a shipment of flour to Eng- land, to relieve the local market. A sad case of " lost in the bush" has been discovered on the Eastern plains, 50 miles from Burra. A fish-hawker, named Charles Loewe, lost his way when travelling from the Bond to the Burra, and in despair appears to have hanged himself. The report of the committee of investigation into the affairs of the Adelaide Marine Insurance Company states that amal- gamation with another company is impossible on equitable terms, recommends reducing the number of directors and working expenses, and expresses a conviction that with care and economy the position of the company may bo retrieved. The company is to bo carried on. The National Marine Insurance Company's half-yearly report Bhows net profits amounting to £3,000, and proposes a dividend of 10 per cent., which will leave a balance of £1,200 to be carried to the reserve fund. TASMANIA. The first batch of nominations for the Legislative Assembly commenced on the 1st of September. Sir Robert Officer, the Speaker ; Mr. Chapman, the Treasurer ; Mr. Giblin, the Attorney-General; and Messrs. Lette, Procher, and Thomas, the threo mem- bers for Launceston, have been re-elected without opposition, The Government state that no additional taxation is to be proposed in the coming session. Public meetings on political affairshave beenheldatHobartTqwn and at Launceston. Loud complaints against the Victorian tariff weremadeat HobartTown. A political association has boen formed at Launceston to watch the general elections. It has published an elaborate report on taxation and expenditure, and is agitating the subject of retrenchment Free trade opinions are stated to be gaining ground, and likely to'influence the elections. The contract for the Tasmanian Railway has been signed, and Captain Audley Coote, agent of the English contractors, returns to England by the Californian mail routo, with Mr. Wylio's (the engineer's) report. Mr. Wylie will remain till Captain Coote's return, and go over the survey a second time. Tho shareholders of the Tasmanian Minorai Exploration Com- pany have had divided amongst them by lot a very fino collection ot topazes and other minerals collected by Mr. Gould and his party during their recent searches for minerals in Flinders Island, Barren Island, &c.; _ It has been known for a long time that precious stones of various kinds wore to bo found on Flinders Island. It is of granite formation. The Hagley Memorial Church in honour of Sir Richard Dry was consecrated on Thursday by the bishop. QUEENSLAND. The general olection is now nearly over. Tbe result has strengthened tho Ministerial party slightly. Tbero has been a renewal of the former agitation for a removal of the capital from Brisbano to some northorn port, but considerable jealousy exists between the northern ports themselves. The new go- vernor, the Marquis of Normanby, was enthusiastically received at Brisbane. A complimentary dinnor has been given at Rockhampton to Mr. Anthony Trollope. The new diggings at Ravenswood, near Bowen, show well ; 250 tons of quartz yielded l,925oz. of gold. A trial of preserved meats from Messrs. Borkleman and Co.'s Laurel bank establishment, at Rockhampton, was made in Sydney a few days ago, and the samples of mutton, beef, and tongues, were pronounced excellent. The process used was the Aberdeen. The Irishmen of Bris- bane have formed an Hibernian society. NEW ZEALAND. The events which have transpired in New Zealand for somo time past are of little interest to readers outside that colony. Some uneasiness has been occasioned among settlors in the outlying districts by tho intelligence that Te Kooti is contemplating a raid upon Tauranga, but the rumours of his movement have been so unreliable of late, and have been so frequently contradicted, that little real danger is apprehended. It is pretty certain, however, that the rebel chief has left tho inaccessible haunts where ho has so long defied pursuit, and has moved nearer the confines of civilisation. A keon watch is kept for him, and more than one party has lately been out in search of him. Some of the Arawa natives, who have boen watching in the districts adjacent to Lake Waikare moana and the Hipirau Banges, had a slight encounter with Te Kooti on August 9. Shot were exchanged, but no decisive result was i obtained. A letter was picked up, in which To Kooti expressed a wish that tho Government would leave him un- molested, and let him live and plant in peace. The document was signed, " From your enemy, Turuki," and the change in the signature is interpreted by a Maori scholar to mean that Te Kooti has utterly renounced Christianity. Another search expedition, under the command of Major Ropata, has recently returned to Napier, after under- going great hardships. It appears that some of the men suffered severely from the cold, and that two or three were even frozen to death. With these exceptions, the native intelligence is encouraging, and seems to indicate that the policy of conciliation adopted by the Government is producing good fruit. It is said that the Hau-haus of Kawhia, formerly a rebellious district in the North Island, are now desirous of re-opening the district to European traders. At Opotiki, but lately the very hotbed of rebellion, tho ex-rebels are now quietly cultivating land, and the natives of Opunake, in Taranaki pro- vince, who were lately opposed to the passage of the telegraph wires across their land, aro reported to have not only consentod to the construction of the line, buc to have con- gratulated the Government on the progress they bad since made with the work. It is announced that £12,000 has recently been paid to the natives on account of the Seventy mile Bush purchase. The payment of so largo a sum of money shows a desire on the part of the colonists to recognise the claims of the natives, and cannot fail to produce good ícsults. The General Assembly met for the despatch of business on tho 14 th August, but the poli- tical news which has yet reached us is not of an important character. An opinion seems to prevail that although tho Fox Govornmont will encounter considerable opposition, they will yet be able to hold their own. Mr. Dillon Bell, who held office in the Govern- ment without a portfolio, and who was fellow-commissioner to England with Dr. Featherstone, the present agent-general, has been elected Speakor. Tho papers relating to the cases of Regina ti. Lemon and Regina v. Barton, which lately caused considerable ex- citement in the colony, have beon presented to Parliament, and will doubtless be the subject of fnrther discussion. It is stated that the Attorney-General admits in writing that the pardon granted by the Governor to Mr. Muston, one of the witnesses for tho prosecu- tion taken out of the enemy's camrj, was illegal. A bill has been introduced in the Legislative Council to legalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister. The gold-mining industry continues to flourish. The celebrated Caledonia claim, on the Thames, still maintains its reputation for richness, and the shares of the company working it are quoted at extraordinarily high prices. There is again some talk of opening up the Ohinemuri, in the Upper Thames gola district, as it is said there is a probability of overcoming the hostility of tho natives, who opposed its being dono formerly. The miners are getting uneasy at the large influx of Chinese immigrants, especially in the province of Otago, and fears aro entertained of a colli- sion between the two races. The Council of the Otago University has resolved to admit lady students. The Can- terbury Provincial Council has voted £2,000 for tho erection of a school of arts and sciences. Dr. Jenner, tho recently choson bishop of Dunedin, has intimated his intention of employing all lawful means in his power to obtain possession of the rights and privileges to which his consecration entitled him, and from whicb, ns he alleges, he has boon unjustly and violently withhold. He protests against the intrusion of the Rev. S. T.- Nevill-the bishop appointed in New Zealand-as uncano nicol and schismatical. THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDS. The news from the Fiji, Sandwich, and New Hebrides groups in the South Sea is of a painful interest this month, soveral more European settlers having fallen victims to native treachery. Mention was made iu las' montü's summary ot the murder By moun- taineers of Messrs. Spiers and MTntosh, two Fijian planters, on the Ba coast, Viti Levu. This crime has hitherto gono unpunished, but according to the latest advices an avenging expedition had been despatched It appears that in spite of his now acces- sion of dignity, King Cakobau is at heart rather on the side of the murderers than with the whites. When asked to send a force of Levuka men to Ba to punish the offenders, he for a long while refused, saying that the white settlers had no right to go there, and that they were exceeding the limits allowed them, and it was only on tho urgent re- presentations of his " Ministers " that he at last consented to despatch a force of 100 men. These, however, were sent, not to punish for tue past offences, but to preserve the peace, and were instructed to avoid hostilities. These ordors, the Fiji Times considers, they will construe as directing them to keep out of tho way of the smallest danger. At Ba, which has always been regarded as a dangerous district the most serious apprehensions are entertained, and the demeanour of the natives is insolent and threatening in the extreme. Fears aro felt that a failure of the oxpected expedition would bring about an immediate extermination of the settlers located there. Under these gloomy circumstances, the opinion has been expressed alike at New Hebrides and Fiji, and in Mel- bourno by the friends of settlers in those places, that great good would result, and perhaps a terrible calamity be obviated, by a visit from a war ship. The subject was brought under the notice of the Chief Secre- tary a few days ago, and it was promised that a proper representation of tho case should be mado to the commodore of the station. The natives in the other portions of the Fijian group, who have been longer in communica- tion with white residents, continue in friendly relation. In organising the force to punish the murderers.an ex naval officer was atsome pains to drill a native contingent, and a very strong opinion wits expressed upon the impropriety of teaching Fijmns the European method of warfare, and training them to act in com- pact bodies. A Government Gazelle issued by "Cakobau the First, King of Fiji," an- nounces tho appointment of " His Excellency Maafu Tni Lau as our trusty and well-beloved Vicoroy, and Commander-in-chief of the eastern group of this kingdom, and a mom ber of our Privy Council." The adhesion of Maafu to the Bau Government is a very im- portant gain, ho being tho only chieftain in the gronp capable of disputing tho so vereignty with Cakobau, Thoro is still a strong feeling of opposition to the Governmont among the whites, and a decided aversion to carrying out sentences of death imposed by its ofiicors. A late telegram from Sydney states that the assembled delegates had arranged a new constitution, to which the King had assented ; and also announces the murder of Captain Welch, of the Maria Douglas, and Captain Robinson, of the Marion Ronny, at the Line Islands. A passenger by the Strathnaver, a labour vessel, has furnished the Fiji Times with an account of a dreadful massacre in the Sand- wich Islands, on board the Fanny. The Fanny had anchored' at the little island of Ekpeli, 10 nights before the arrival of the Strathnaver, and bad landed some return labour from Kadavu. Her crow consisted of Mr. Bartlett, roaster ; Alick -- (surname unknown), mate ; Jem, a seaman ; Levi and j Sinaquali, Fijians : and Tommy, either o half-caste or ocean islander ; and a Mau man. Upon the morning after tho Fanny's arrival (the 11th July) a number of natives came to tho beach, and made signals to the vessel for | the crew to come on shore. The master, the Mau man, and one Fijian went ashore, and afterwards took on board seven men, who said they wanted to go to Fiji as labourers. Each man carried a long-handled tomahawk. The master, instead of returning to the town, as requested by the natives, sent Jem into ' the boat with two natives who bad accom- panied him (the master), and went and lay down in his berth, as he had a bad headache, and fell into a dose, Alick and two of the native crew remaining on deck. About noon tho captain was aroused by cries on deck, and at the same time the mate rushed into the cabin, crying "Oh, oh," and holding his hands to his. jaw, which wos nearly severed from his head. Seizing two loaded revolvers, the master tried to rush on deck, but Alick pulled him back, and the Niuta men having killed Tommy, and severely wounded Levi, who fled into the hold, rushed back, and sliding tbo top of tho cabin over, stood upon and around it, waiting to tomahawk the master if he should succeed in getting out. Others, with a heavy American axe. cut the cable, and the vessel drifted towards the shore of Gunu, The master tried to force the hatch back, to cut through it with an axe, and then twice attempted to blow it up ; but without avail. As a last desperate effort he emptied several j pounds of powder upon the cabin table, in hopes to raise the whole deck, laid Alick upon the cabin floor, out of the way, and stooped with a pistol in hand to 1 fire it, when the vessel suddenly heeled over to starboard on the reef. A yell of triumph | arose from the savage fiends who thronged the beach, as they now thought the prey was in their hands. She could be fired into from the shore at a distance of 30 yards, with secu- rity to the natives. The master now bound Alick'a jaw, the Niuta men keeping up a brisk fire upon the vessel until night brought a respite. The position of the two men was indeed pitiable, their vessel stranded, the crew murdered, one of themselves badly wounded, and without a boat, and the j shore swarming with wretches who thirsted ? for their lives. With morning light came a | renewal of hostilities, the natives again keeping up an incessant fire; occasionally the master had an opportunity ot replying. Night again brought a cessation of hostilities, and the two men determined to quit the vessol, in hopes of getting to the mission station, whero tbey expected to get some assistanco for Alick's wound. All the powder and ammu- nition was thrown into the water, and, leaving the trade and Tommy's dead body, they went on shore. They reached the mis- sion station, whero the teachors wore in a great state of fear and perplexity, as thoy were without the presence of the whito missionary, who was away at the time. They gave Alick water with which to ! bathe his wounds, and then provided the two white men with food, that they might lie in hiding in the bush. Meanwhilo Jem in tho boat had pulled down to the town tho master had been desired to visit. He declined to go ashore, and the boatreceivod a volley of musketry. Sinaquali was shot through the breast, and leaped overboard, followed by the Mau man, who, from fright probably, swam ashoro. Wata, a young chief, walked out into the water, took him by the wrist, and boggod his life. The last this man knew of Jem he remembered in a confused way seeing him cut the warn, and endeavour to pull from shore. The firing on the boat was kopt up after the Mau man was taken into the house. Doubtless Jem was wounded, and the boat being a leaky one had probably swamped and drifted away with the currents. Alick was discovered by the natives in the bush and killed. The crew of the Strathnaver also found the body of a white man lashed to a pole, and buried it. The Fauny was subse- quently floated, and Mr. Bartlett proceeded in her to Havannah Harbour to got a crow to bring her into Fiji. Letters have been received in Molbourne giving an account of the murdor of two Mel- bourne young men at tho island of Tanna, New Hebrides. Their names are James Fraser Bell and William Alister Ross. The former was son of the late Mr. Henrie Bell, merchant, of Melbourne, and nephew of the late Mr. W. M. Bell, also of this city. He was for some years clerk in tho National Bank, Melbourne, and had only a short time left the city to settio in Tanna, Mr. Ross was brothor of Mr. Ross in the office of the Geelong Adver- tiser. The circumstances of their death aro fully sot forth in the evidence taken at an inquiry held by the white residents at Tanna, a copy of which was forwarded to friends of the deceased gontlomen in Melbourne. The murder took place on the 28th July last, and seems to havo been committed without any provocation. Mr. Bell and Mr. Ross were walking from ono plantation to another, a considerable distance off, and had occasion to engage some Tanneso as guides on the way. Five of these men toma- hawked them, and robbed them of their clothes and all they had with them. The jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against the five men, who can bo identified, but no effectual steps can be taken to punish them without the aid of a man-of-war. A remarkable account of an adventure at Papua is given by Richard M'Lean, the mate of a vessel trading in the South Seas, who has writton a letter to -Vic Argus, in which he says that Mr. Minton (son of Captain Minton, of Melbourne), who had been picked up at the Mills Group, where he had boen wrecked, persisted in going ashore, though aware of the dangerous character of the natives. Mr. M'Lean accompanied him, but seeing indications of treachery on the part of the natives, Mr. Minton insisted that he should return to the ship whilo he distracted the attention of the natives, saying he would remain and meet his fato. M'Lean got safoly back to "the ship, and with the captain watched the result. They saw Minton at- tacked by a crowd of savages. He shot throe with his breechloader and five with his revolver, and then stabbed two. Whilo re- loading his gun a spear pierced him and he fell. The natives then closed on him and carried him into tho bush. Tho captain mado signs to the savages that he would ransom their captive with guns and cloth, but they took no notice, and the vessel proceeded to New Caledonia. Mr. M'Lean believes that Mr. Minton may yet return safely to his friends. George Patterson, late mate of the schoonnr Jason, has been arrested in Sydney on a Brisbane warrant, charging him with kid- napping Polynesians in tho South Seas. THE OPERA. The Cagli and Pompoi Italian Opera Troupe havo at last closed their labours in this city, after an uninterrupted season of over 17 weeks, During this timo they pre- sented 19 complete operas, besides sclocted scenes from other works. Thoy have left bo hind them a fair reputation as a strong company of useful artistes. They aro at pro sent in Sydney, from whenco thoy afterwards proceed to New Zealand. Signor Pompoi and Signor Marzorati return to Calcutta, where the former purposes to make new en- gagements for the next Molbourno sea- son. The last occasion on which the Italian company appeared was at a testi- monial bonoiit given by tho musical profes- sion to Mr. W. S. Lyster, the lessee of the Princess's Opera-house. The ovent was a grand success in every respect, about-5,000 people wore present. Mr. Lystor's English Opera Company have been giving a short season since tho 28th ult, with tolerablo success to tho treasury of tho theatre. The company is only recently incorporated, and some of the principal singors aro new to the business of the stage, but these are of an improvable kind. The English Opera season finished last night with tho performance of Offenbach's "Grand Duchess of Gerolstoin," in which Miss Heller, the sister of a talented pianist and skilful conjuror of that name, was expected to have made a great hit. Her début, however, resulted in disappointment to the public. There has been up to this dato a nearly continuous season of opera for 37 weeks. It is stated that another opera com- pany is on its way here from California, RACING. The principal interest in the racing world during the past month has boon confined to the A. J.C. Randwick Spring Meeting. In the Derby, which took place tho first day, Vic- toria was represented by three high-class three- year-olds, Hamlet, Beatrice, and Rotort. The first-named had proved himself so superior last autumn to any colt of his yoar in both colonies that ho was naturally mado a strong favourite for tho race, and flourishing reports of his private performances made the public so eagor to back him that ho started at 4 to 1 on him. The winner proved to bo Javelin, by Yattondon, who was hardly backed at all, in consequence of his condi- tion being considered not good enough. Tho race was dono in 2m. 47s., a time that has only once been equalled in the colony. The great handicap race of the meeting was another surprise. Nono of the favourites except Barbello and Tho Pearl over wero in tho raco at the finish. The winner was a mare called Rosebud, who novor performed at all creditably in good com- pany beforo. The only Victorian-bred horse in the race was Hamlet, who finished sixth in the race. The nominations for tho V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes, on the 1st inst., were not so numerous as was expected, only 10 sires being nominated. THE THEATRES, &o.; The theatrical news of tho month is rather barren of incident.' The principal perform- ances at tho Theatre Royal havo been ' ' Leah," .' The Heart of Mid- Lothian," "East Lynno," and "Arrah-na-Pogue." Tho last mentioned was the most successful, and was played for 12 nights, after which the engagement of Mrs. Darrell, tbo loading lady, terminated. On the loth ult., special entertainments were given in celebration of the centenary of Sir Walter Scott, but only with a very moderate amount of success. During the past woek farewell performances havo boon given by Mr. and Miss Heller, and the Gregories, who loa ve by tho outgoing mail for India, under the management of Mr. Harwood, the late prin- cipal lesseo of the Theatre Royal. A season of burlesque will be commenced to-night, sup- ported by the Zavistowski sisters, who have been very successful in Sydney. A section of the Royal company has been performing ut Geelong, and the remninder, with the Wioland troupe and Mr. Barry O'Noill, gave a mixed entertainment, at reduced pricos, in the Haymarket Thoatre, for two nights. Mr. Bayliss has taken the Princess's Theatro, and opens this evening with a company from Sydney and Adelaide, in which Mrs. Gladstane, Mr. Chas. Young, and Miss Carry George are the principal attractions. Mr. Cotterell is making a provincial tour, and St. Georgo's-hall is occupiod by Mr. C. E. Jones, with lectures on various subjects. Mr. Tavares has gone to Sydney, and will shortly appear at one of the theatres in that city. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following is a list of the deaths (ex- clusive of natives) that have taken placo in the Melbourne Hospital since our August Summary, specifying, as far as is known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, date of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which thoy arrived, nnd the causes of death : Askew, John, miner, aged 38. native of Suffolk ; arrived in 1855 by the You Yangs ; died August 7, of bronchitis. Ah Tun, hawker, aged 33, native of Canton ; arrived in 1855, skip unknown ; died August 17, of abscess of liver. Ah Sin, gardener, aged 24, native of Hong Kong ; arrived in 1871 by tho Duke of Argyle ; died August l8, of dysen- tery. Brown, Harriot, domestic, aged 36, native of London ; arrived in 1862 by the Boanerges ; died August 11, of fracture of the skull. Brennan, Catherine, domestic, aged 27, native of Liverpool ; arrived in 18G6 by the Chariot of Fame ; died August 30, of phthisis. , Crowmack, Amelia, domestic, aged 24, native of Manchester ; arrived in 1863 by the Forest Rights ; died August 13. of disease of the liver and kidneys. Cape, Joseph, sawyer, oged 40, native of Durham ; ship and date of arrival unknown ; died August 13, of dysen- tery, duff, Edwin S., clerk, aged 33, native of London ; arrived in 1863 by the Hastings ; died August 17, of phthisis. Danielson, Chas., seaman, aged l8, nativo of Sweden ; arrived in 1871 by the Merovian ; died August l8, of phthisis. Grant, Patrick, labourer, aged 39, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1858 by tbo Alert : died August 17, of epilepsy. Greek, Jacob G., miner, aged 50, native of New York ; arrived in 1850 by the Montreal, of Boston; died August 25, of pleurism. Green, John, wheel- wright, aged 31, nativo of Lambeth ; arrived in 1854 by tho Tongataboo ; died August 27 of bronchial pneumonia. Hamilton, Patrick, labourer, aged 66, native of Ireland; arrived in 1818 by the William Stewart ; died August 11, of pneumonia. Jarvis, George, blacksmith, acted 55, native of Northampton : arrived in 1853 by the Groat Britain ; died August 12, of rheumatism. Johnson, Oliver, seaman, aged 25, native of Norway ; arrived in 1871 by the Carnarvon- shire ; died August 22, of phthisis. Lynch, William, cook, agod 44, nativo of Barbadoes ; arrived in 1860 by tho Meander ; died August 9, of phthisis. Lomann, Daniel, super-master Theatre Royal, aged 42, native of Germany ; arrived in 1856, ship unknown ; died August 31, of phthisis. Myers, Chas., stevedore, aged 50, nativo of Nova Scotia ; arrived in 1846, ship unknown ; died August 6, of hydatids in liver. M'Cul lum, Alexandor, labourer, aged 20, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1868 by the Electric ; died August 7, of phthisis. Munsen, Peter, labourer, aged 47, native of the Shetland Isles ; arrived in 1849 by the Pemberton ; died August 11, of phthisis. Murphy, Wm., aged 14, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1801 by the Eastorn Empire ; died August 21, of phthisis. Myers, Mary, domestic, aged 60, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1855 by tho Seo Park ; died August 25, of cancer. M'Diarmid, Emma, aged 30, nativo of Kent ; arrivod ia 1871 by tho Jessie Redman ; diod Soptomber 1, of phthisis. Noble, William, labourer, aged 37, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1853 by the Europa ; died August 31, of phthisis. Ryan, Margaret, aged 32, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1859 by tho Sam Cairns; diod August l8, of dropsy. » . Sheahan, Denis, compositor, aged 53, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852," ship unknown ; . diod August 12, of phthisis. Smith, Richard, labourer, aged 44, native of London ; arrived in 1856 by the Evening Star ; died August 24, of exhaustion from abscoss. Seaton, William, clerk, aged 43, native of London ; arrivod in 1855 by the Meridian ; died August 25, of phthisis. Shakeshaft, Elizabeth, aged 61, native of Hampton; arrivod in 1863 by tho Bengal ; died August 28, of exhaustion from gangreno of leg. Vyvyan, Alfred, compositor, aged 35, native of Cornwall ; arrivod in 1857 by the King of Algeria ; died August 8, of phthisis. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S. Avoca, Captain A. B. Far- quhar, with the China, India, and Europoan mails, after taking on board her cargo and embarking her passengers, left her anchorage in the bay-on hor-outward voyago-punc- tually at 2 o'clock on the aftornoonof the 13 th ult. The R.M.S. Rangoon, Captain N. J. Skottowe, arrived in Hobson's Bay at 20 minutes to 11 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the 26th ult., after a splendid run from Point de Galle to King George's Sound, and thence to this port. The 1'. nnd 0. mail service has this month excelled all its former results, and the tele- graphic summary of the nowa reached us this time in an unprecodontedly short poriod from Galle. The time occupied by the Rangoon between Galle and King George's Sound is given at 12 days 19} hours, and is said to bo the shortest in which the run has evor boon done. The s.s. Wonga Wonga, nail's lino, which reached Sydney on the 24th ult., brought Californian and Europoan news to 18th July. The Wonga Wonga sailed from Sydney with the mails for California on the morning of the 1st inst., at 9 o'clock. The City of Adolaido, with datos to 7th August from San Francisco, New York, and Europe, arrived at Sydney on the 7th inst. STATE OF TRADE. The monotony and sameness of tho past month has boen little disturbed, and a uni- form stato of quietness and want of anima- tion has boon maintained throughout; ; the only exception to this state of matters was the occasional arrival of vossels with the new season's teas. The Rachol mado her appear- ance after a run of 54 days, followed bj; the Vision throe days afterwards, and consider- able excitement was evinced in the markot in consequence, as although tho salo of tho Benard's cargo, th. faU^&»5 5» went, was an .exceedingly _. . d beenaoid only about a third of the caigo u. . ; and tho importers fonnd themsöi. nnrtion pectedly caught with a considerable t ,"" on hand when these arrived. Thoendeav«. A since made to realise have had a very bau effect on the market, thus creating rathor a gloomy prospect for the importers of the numerous cargoes advised as likely to come forward m the course of tho soason. The sugar market has also been in a most unsatisfactory state ; importers and holders having, however, judiciously refrainod from forcing sales, the decline has not,been so much as must otherwise have been the case. At the last sale yollows were slightly easier, but values of whites wero well-supported. The prospects for breadstuffs havo also been of a most unfavourable character. We aro now little more than three months and a half from harvest in South Australia, and yet at the very time it was prophosiod wo should be bare of stock, and prices would be 25 to 30 per cent, higher at least, wo have a more abundant supply than over. In order to counteract the bad effect of this, we hear of meetings amongst Adelaide millers and boldors to devise means for obtaining better prices ; and though it was resolved to ship off to England a portion of their surplus stocks, no one as yet has had the boldness to sacrifice himsolf to the gonoral interest by facing the loss he would certainly bo subjected to by adopting such a course. Our Adelaide friends will be wisor in future, and ship home in the early part of tho soason, when prices are low and prospects aro more encouraging, a sufficient quantity to ensure better rates at the ena of the soason. Their mistake this year consisted in their sending up the price of wheat three months before they ought, which caused the withdrawal of ali English orders. At present, at least, tho Victorian market is much safer than the London ono. A prominent subject of conversation amongst mercantile men bos been tho tariff and its proboblo effect on trade ; but though it is universally condemned, even by those who were previously in favour of a moderate protective duty, yet a feeling is expressed that we wero bound to go through the ordeal at one time or another, and the sooner wo experience the worst phase of pro- tection the sooner will we go back again to free trade principles. The moderates are the only ones who havo causo for regret, as they now see the folly of oponing up in a demo- cratic colony the floodgates of a protective policy, as when it was found they would not go sufficiently far to please the popular cry it was soon found they could be done without. At present, the merchants of Victoria are subjected to the annoyance of a triplo tariff the old and only legal one in existence, the Francis tariff, and that now in its passage through the House. From May till August the mercantile community were compelled to act up to tho requirements of a tariff -the Francis one-which it was well known never could becomo law Jin consequence of the retirement of its sponsors ; yet, by a resolution of the Assembly having a retro- spective effect, they find all the monoy thus paid in good faith laid hold of and retained by the Government. Much confusion and nnnoyanco have, moreovor, been inflicted by the three tariffs thus administered and kept alive all at one time, but it is hoped that ere long trade will be freed from such an incubus by the new tariff becoming law at an oarly date. Its destructivo effect upon the trade of the colony has yet to bo practically felt and developed. The month's transactions have not, as already stated, been of marked importance. In bulk ales we noto the quittance of 150 hhds. Bass's in one lino, out for the re- mainder of the month the business done bos beon very limited. For bottled ales and stout a good speculative inquiry was stirred np, and sales to the extent of 4,000 cases ale and about 3,000 coses stout over the usual trade demand came under our notice. In Dundee goods, trade has boon dormant. The sales of candles amount to about 8,000 boxes.' Tho Bon Nevis, with over 10,000 boxes, arrived this week. Breadstuffs havo been depressed, and sales through- out tho month vory trifling. Flour has declined 20s._per ton, and wheat 9d. to Is. per bushel. In hops the sales have amounted to close on 400 pockets at least. In oils, kerosene figures at 12,000 cases having boon sold ono week, but there has been nothing done since. In rice, the arrival of the Mary Miller, from Hong. Kong, and the Arrakan, from Calcutta, is tho most prominont foaturo. The offer by auction of 0,000 bags damaged Patna, ox Bordeaux, has also como under our notice. Salt has mot with favour, and of late considerable sales to arrive havo been reported. Of sugar, 25,539 mats and bags passed the hammer. In teas, business has been confined to the disposal of now season's. The entire cargo of tho Bernard, amounting to 1G,800 packages, was cleared off in the course of the month ; of the Rachel's, about 1,300 packages, out of 2,180, tho con- signed portion of tho shipment, wero quitted, and somo 4,000 packages, out of the 4,900 which made up the cargo of the Vision, have likewise boon got rid of. A declino of at least I 2d. ta 3d. on the prices realised at tbo first sale had to be submit tod to, however, before the month closed. In tobaccoes, transactions in twists and Cameron's tens, besides aromática, have hoon recorded. In timber, operations have been somewhat varied, comprising sales of lumber, square timber, deals, Scotch floor- ing, doors, &c.; Tbo arrival of tho mail steamor via Suez was announced early on tho 25th ult,, with dates to tho 7th August, thus bringing the colony within l8 days' communication with England. The shipments to Victoria for the month had increased by £185,000 as com- pared with that previous; but being season's shipments, no uneasiness was caused ia con- sequence. The arrival of the Californian mail steamer was also announced from Sydney the day previous, with dates from Europe, Now York, nnd San Francisco to 22nd July, thus incontestably proving the superiority of the Suez route, for though the latter reached the colonies a day bofore tho forraor, the Rangoon yot brought 10 days' later nows. When the telegraph cable line is oponed throughout, however, this objection- cannot apply, The clearances mentioned for Mol- bourno woro the Sarah, from Boston ; the James Stone and Anno Weston, from New York. The Congross was loading for Mel- bourne, and Witch for Sydney. The arrival of the City of Adelaido from California, with dates from New York and Europe to 7th August, was announced from Sydney on the 7th inst. EXCHANGE AND HONET. There is no alteration to report on tho rate of exchange since last mail, wool not having como forward in sufficient quantities to afford a medium of cover. Wo continue to quoto three-quarters per cont premium for bankers' drafts on London at 60 days' sight. Discounts aro maintained at 6, 7, and S per cent, for bills having two, three, and four months to run. On bank doposits of six months and over, 4 por cent, intorest is allowed ; on threo months, 3 per cent ; and on ono month, 2 per cont, STOOK AND STATIONS. From Deniliquin, through the Pastoral Times of 4th Soptembor, we loam, regarding station property in tho interior :-" Rain and sunshine prevailed sinco our last, and although many sottlers are calling out for moro rain, the country looks well. Shearing is progress- ing most satisfactorily, and tho sanguine hopes that the clip would turn out abovo tho avorago aro being confirmed in a majority of the sheds. The supply of fat stock in the mar- kets generally has boen equal to the average, and prices on the whole have been sustained. Tho fineness of tho season is shown by onor mously fat cattle. At Gobolian Station, a bullock weighing 1,4211b. was killed, and a sheep 1441b. Thoro is no marked change in the stock market of Sydney or Adolaido, at which places primo boof and mutton wero in good domand. Thoro is much anxiety about the woather, though grass is still abundant for the present, but stockownors look for- ward to the coming Bummer ; if wo havo no more heavy rains between this and Oc- tober, food for cattlo will not bo plontiful. Hero, Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report having sold by auction, at their rooms, | tho GloncroeEstato, near Coleraine, consisting of 1,920 acres of freehold land, with foncing and improvements, but without stock, to Mr. Walker Laidlaw, at a price equal to about i 30s. per aero, short torms." Messrs, Ryan and Hammond roport having sold, for Mr. W. E. Stanbridge, his Lake Boga and Tyrrell stations, with 610 acres purchased land and 14,800 sheep, for the .sum of £11,740, half cash. PUBLIC COMPANIES. Mutual Life Association of Victoria.-The following is a summary of the statomont of accounts and report for tho year ending 30th Juno last :-Tho second year closed on the operations of tho association with results ? which indicated satisfactory progross. The enrront premium incomo on tho 30th June, 1870, amounted to £2,904, and it now amounted to £5,052, showing an annual in- crease of £2,148. Five hundred and thirty four proposals had beon received during the year, and 290 for sums amounting to £95,087 19s. 4d. accepted. Tho number of policies now in force was 491, assuring 171,768. Seven claims had been poid during tho year, amount ing to £3,290, of which £1,25 i had accrued at the dato of last roport. An act of incorpora- tion was to bo applied for. Tho receipts showed a surplus over expenditure amount- ing to £295 12s. lOd. The funds and effects of tho association on tho 30th Juno amounted to £3,407. Mutual Assnranco Society.-The first ordi- nal? ßen.erral rneoting was held on the 24 th Aunus» Mr- Georgo Martin in the ohair. The report op_ned 5? wetting the fact that at the first meeting of promotora, on the 23rd Sep- tember, 1870, abo- tOOgontlemen woro present, and it was determined that ICO policies to bo called "foundation policies," should be granted to members, on payment of £100 sterling, for a sum to be computed on the ordinary single payments, with a bonus of 50 per cent, added to tho policy. A thoroughly conservative policy had boen adopted, and a careful selection mado of lives proposod for assurance ; and the institution was acquiring confidonco with tho public. Up to tho 30th June 220 proposals woro received, and 131, assuring £40,160, accoptod. Of theso, 69 were foundation policies, and 72 ordinary policies. Aftes paying all the oxpenses incidental to the establishment of tho institution, there re- mained to the credit of the society a balance of £4,1.17. The chairman stated that tho total number of policies issuod sinco the 30th Jane was 50. Tbo annual income from policies exclusive of the foundation fund was £1,684. Tho total amount of premiums recoivod since the association was formed was £7,400, and the total liability £04,097. Thero were 73 foundation members. Tho report was adopted. Tho meeting resolvod that the issue of found- ation policies should cease from that dato. National Mutual Lifo Association of Aus- tralasia.-Tho half-yoarly meeting was held on 21th AuRUSt, the lion. George Rolfo in the chair. The shareholders were congratulated on ruo sreaay progress mado by tho associa- tion. During the half-year 97 proposals for assurances to the amount of £34,200 had been received, and 48 new policies issued, assuring £16,700, and yielding an addition to the annual premium income of £034 3s. 4d. On 30th June, 1871, tbo association had boon in existence one year and ten months, and had issued 267 policies, assuring £107,250, and producing an annual premium income of £3,78913s. 3d. Tho report was adopted. Bendigo Waterworks Company.-Tho half yearly meoting was held on the 28fch August ; Mr. G. D. Carter in the chair. The directors reported with much rogrot that tho company had suffered to tho oxtont of £400 or £500 fromthofraudulentconductof Mr.Chapliu, the late secrotary. Tho heavy Hoods of February last caused considerable damage to the works, and tho repairs thoroby rendered necessary had added unusually to tbo current expenditure. Litigation botweon tho Sandhurst City Coun- cil and the company had been mutually abandoned, and tho council was now working in concert with the directors to procure an act of Parliament to sanction a transfer of the works to the council. The operations of the half-year ending 30th Juno showed a profit of £1,196, which, less the interest on the bonds, left a balanco of £545 to credit of profit and loss. Tho chairman stated that tho late secretary had dofrauded tho company by forging transfers of shares and in other ways ; tho forgeries had all taken placo about March last. The report was adopted. Messrs. Carter and Lang woro ro-electod directors. Molbourne Exchange Company.-The half yearly meeting was held on the 31st August, tho Hon. James Graham, M.L.C., in the chair. It was shown that after provision had been made for all unclaimed and unpaid dividends, there remainod a balance in hand for distribution amounting to £419 7s. 8d. A dividend amounting to 31s. Gd. per share was declared. Messrs. Graham, Dano, Lora, Germain Nicholson, Sumner, and Wilkins, were re-elected directors. Phoenix Foundry Company, Ballarat-At a lato meeting, the directors wero authorisod to borrow money to extend the company's works to purchase now machiuery, &C.;,É so as to enable the company to carry out thoir contract for the supply of railway locomotivos to tho Govornmont. Victoria Beet-Root Sugar Company.-A second meeting of porsous interested ia tho formation of this company was hold on the 21st August, Mr. H. Stevenson in tho chair. Mr. N. Levi (one of the chief promoters) stated that several lettors had beon received from various parts of the colony, rocommend ing situations as well fitted for the establish- ment of a sugar company, and promising support in case their locality was solected. A letter from tho department of Land and Works promised if a company was established to sot opart a portion of tho north end of the Carrum Swamp for tho experiment, tho land to bo oftorwards offered for sale, subjoct to the value of tho improvements theroon. The chairman stated that on the laTgo area of land at present dovoted to growing hay near Molbourno a minimum yield of 20 tons of sugar-boet per acre might be safely dopended upon. On tho . motion of Mr. H. Chambers, it was resolved that a prospectus bo issued calling for tho support of all those who wero inclined to assist in the formation of the company. Australian Meat-preserving Company. Tho half-yearly meoting was hold on the 1st Soptember, Mr. Charles Croaker in the chair. It was shown by tho report and balance sheet (of which a moro extended summary is gi von under the hoad of meat-preserving) that tho company had boon obliged- to stop the woiks on account partly of account-sales having been received of only a small portion of tho large quantity of meats shipped to England, and partly on account of the now issue of shares not having been takon up so rapidly as bad been expected. With tho inten- tion that the new issuo of shares should bo dis- posed of, and the directors placed in a posi- tion to resume business, resolutions to the following effect wero carried :-1. That the position of the company should bo brought undor the notice of persons intorostod in the prico of stock, with the view of inducing them to take shares in the new issuo, and so onablo business to bo resumed. 2. That in «bowing tho position of the company, it should be pointed out that contingent on tho sale of the meats in London at lato ratos tho companywas quito able to pay_ off any liabili- ties, leaving tho froohold promises, works, and plnnt at the Saltwater Uiver to roprosont the existing shares, so that applicants for new shares might bo satisfied that tho calls wera not intended to pay off the curront liabilities. 3\. That it was ovidently from want of suffi- cient capital that tho company had been compelled to suspend its operations, tho wholo of tho subscribed shares being involved in the purchaso of land, the erection of works, plant, and machinory. It was decided, how- ever, that unless the whole amount of the new capital was subscribed by Docomber it should bo returned. IMl'OBTS AND EXrOKTS, Tho following table gives tho imports and exports of the port since the beginning of tbo year, as compared with tho corresponding period of 1870 :- _ Weok Ending Doe. SI.. Jan. 7.. Jan, li- jan. 21.. J*n. 28.. Fib. 4_ Fob. 11.. Feb. l8.. Fob. 26.. Slur. 4. Mar. 11.. Mnr. l8.. Mar. 25.. April 1.. April 8.. AprlU6.. April 22.. Aprll29.. May 6.. Hay l8.. May 20.. May !7.. Juno 3.. Juno 10.. Juno 17.. Juno 21.. July 1.. July 8.. July 16.. July 22.. July 20.. Aug. 0.. Aug. 12 Aug. 10.. Auar. 20.. Sept. 2.. Import«. 1870. 211,187 284,089 288,807 864 093 270.481 861,210 278,440 206,648 201,848 218,217 222,800 170,369 188,070 274,481 221,769 140,010 211,207 823.893 163,018 270,866 270.990 188,041 241,210 178,078 181,463 104,010 147,208 839,809 280.067 241.647 284.406 288,010 214,493 28O.C02 240,403 232.U81 1871. £ 101,404 102,291 238,011 201,018 260,238 805,807 187,880 160,880 142 161 Export-. 1870. £ 110,610 673,905 232,037 05,831 146,610 700,092 101,800 109,020 217,707 620,418 885,721 140,010 221,678 100,170 108.400 166.8G5 220,222 441,680 185,080 «0 878 201,023 60 830 192,883 478,210 108,018 132,869 237,164 81.030 260,361 01,702 185,609 442,810 84,625 124,172 207.201 05,038 103,002 47,130 214,119 642,005 190 001 76,830 18B.2G7 25.570 277,183 70 057 148 848 490,018 227,836 08,418 208 778 70.038 840.079 48,100 288,216 602,027 260,003 70.744 214,224 78 0)7 210,623 49 003 8,003 791 7,022.412 7.850,100 8,518.003 1871. £ 101,801 807,808 837,009 810,170 220,223 614,771 103,048 71.02T 210,203 000,009 122.383 179,30. 95,088 600,002 78.172 107,927 899,995 163,195 113,185 60,838 626,281 120 009 78.041 102,021 652.01S 162,712 110,010 20,985 414,839 81,097 166,785 13,710 680,147 118,803 116,031 113,848 During the first period the account stood, thus : Imports.£8,003,791 Exporta _ .. ... .. 7,369,100 Balance of Import« over exports £1,214,091 During the second poriod : Importa _. _ £7,022,lt_ Exporta _ .. _ .. 8,618,01)8 Bolanoe of oxporta over Import« £600,191 Comparing the above periods with each othor, tho results are as under : | Import« in 1870 .. _. .'. £8,003,7-1 Importa In 1871 .. ... .. 7,022,112 Docre-sein 1871 - Exporta In 1870 _ Exporta In 1871 _ Increaso lu 1871 _ _ £031,87» , £l,159,4ia STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on September 2 ¡-Brandy, 5,387 hhd., 23,583 cases ;i rum, 1.349.J hhd., 16 coses ; geneva, 64$ hhd. 49,302 red cases, 4,112 green cases ; whiskey, 859 hhd., 6,794 cases ; gin (sweetened), 3J hhd., 2(514 coses ; cordials, 530 cases ; spirits of wine, 168.J hhd. ; other spirits, 8 hhd., 5.240 cases; wine, 2,779 hhd., 13,605 cases; beer, 2,065 hhd., 19,663 coses and casks; tobacco, manufactured, 566 half-tierces, 369 quarter-tierces, 7,815 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 3,209 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 192 hhd. and casks, 562 cases, 1,026 bales ; . candles, 123 chests. 7,630 boxes ; flour, 11,213 bags ; cigars, 623 cases ; kerosene, 41,317 cases ; cocoa and chocolate, 79 packages ; tea, 6,891 chests (564,2871b.), 27,703 half chests (1,167,6101b.), 15,117boxes (192,0701b.); coffee, 926 bags, 19 tierces, 224 casks, 374 bar- rels ; wheat, 18,872 bags ; sugar-Mauritius, 5 bags, 456 pockets, Java, 2,975 bags, 2,802 baskets, 160 mats; Manilla, 26,789 mats; Réunion, 1,617 bags ; other ports, 2,456 bags, 1933 mats,; othersugar (refinery) 1,048 tons, 29 caces and casks ; chicory, 160 packages ; opium, 129packages; oats, 2,277 bogs ; hops, 2,076 pockets; rice, 9,771 bags; salt, 25,919 bags ; vinegar, 370 casks, 925 cases. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tbo Argus Office, Friday Evening. In the Import markota business lor tho put mouth bu not been marked by anything ot an Interesting chai'aoter; indeed, transactions as botween importo» and mlddlemon have been, as a rule, vory restricted. In tbla respect likewise the sales effected, besides being ot IOBB importance, havo beon, as lar as wo can BOO, much below the avorsge of previous months. In bulb »les, with tho exception of ono Une ot Bass's, business baa been confined to supplying mero requirements. In bottlt d beer .and stout, however, a considerable trado has beon done. Dundoo goods have boen neglected. A largo businoss bas boen done In boots aud shoos. Candles havo uot boon activo. Cementa havo boon In steady request. Chemicals have not Improved. Both chicory and codeo havo only , ommanued ordinary attention. Confectionery aa well i a cordage has shown little animation. Fish, fruits, i uopowder, malt, metals, oilmen's stores, and pro vltloPB, havo not been marked by anything special. Breadstuff« and feeding grains have boon vory much depressed. In bops some ralber extensive salos havo beep reported. In oils-kerosene at one time at- tracted speculative attention. Quicksilver has ad- vanced In prlco. Bice has not Doon much dealt in, and the market la boavy. Salt, Loth ooaree aud fine, as woll as rock, bas latoly met with favour. Ia sugar eales havo been much below tbo average. Teas hal o boen excited, owing to tbo arrivals oomlrs to hand of new and tbo Bales effected lu consequence. Tobaccoea have boen qulot, but tbo market ia healthy. Wines aud ¿pirlta aro very depressed, Ale and Stout.-In bulk aloa business (or the greater part of the munth baa been limited to supplying; mere trado wanta, and tbo only noticeable feature waa tbo qulttanco at an caily period of threo shipments of Bass's ale, aggregating 160 hbds. l'ho price realised was not made public, but wa understand It was a fair concession on tbo trado rato of £810s., at which tbo price to the amnller deniers has now settled down. Hauian's baa been disposed of at £8 7s. Gd., while Joule's has beon quitted at £8 6s. forparcolB to £810s for smaller lots. ThoOarÜBle Company is quitted at £8, but the Bales effected have boen somewhat meagre, aud not of much account. Inbottled nie J there has boon moro doing, attention having been dlrectod to somo of the cheap and unsaleable stock remaining over from last year, in anticipation of pilcas bolng subsequently ?Dieted by tho new duty imposod. Tonnent's has beon Bold at 10s. for quarts, and 7'. for pinto. Sa'oi of Blood's havo boon mado at £K Od. to 10s. For Aitken s we quoto Os. to 0s. 3d. Allsopp'» Is valued at Us. Jeffrey's is now quotod at 9a., but sevoral parcela bave beon dispoaed of at about 8s. 8d. to 8i. Od. For Devonlsh's «e hear that 9s. Ia likewise »Bked now, but wo leam of Iho disposal of about 3,000 canos old aud new shipments at prices supposed to havo ranged from It. to 8a. and 8s. 3d., according to quality. Bottlod Btouis met with a fair demand early ia the mouth, out tbero han beon much loss doing oí lato, the higher rates necessitated by tbo new duty having had the tffeet of very considerably affecting business Burke'a stout, at ono timo bold by iinpsrtora for 11s., has beon since sold at 10s. G1. Ed mouda's pig brand bas beon got rid ot at 10J. 8d. A very pood demand Indeed has boen experienced tor Blood's at 9s. Od. to 10s. No Halos o! Ifoslor'a havo como under notice tinco tbe now dutlos came into operation. A good deal of business Ins boen done In O'brlon'a dajgor brand, at prices rl- lne from 8«. 01, for quauiitios, to 0s. for small lots, for HyasB's 8->. Od is wanted, but that figuro could not bo demanded until tho sale of 1,000 casca, on prívalo toi mi, enable,! tbo Importera to raino tho price. Business In Dawion's bas also beon roportod at rather low prices. Bagging.-Dundee goods h wo been treated with the ! minuet neglect, Cornsacks aro scatcely yet in eoason, and woolpacks having gone out, there Is littio Inquiry. During tho Interval which gonerally occure. before speculation sots in thoro la usually a lull. Since tho withdrawal of tho dutlos on those good«, woolpacks havo been sold In moderato lots at 3s Od. to 8s. lOd. Gornuacks, though as a rula scarcoly looked at throughout tho month, yet on ono occasion were sold at Ila. 7Jd, to tho extont of 100 baloa In ono line. Forgunniea, noinqulry whatcTorhaBbeenoxporienced, and no business oven of the moat trilling description baa como under our notice. , Boots, Shoe«, and Leatherwaro.-Tho trade dono in thin market has considerably Inoroisod ol late, aoino vory extoubivo palos having boon nnccesifully carried through in the course ot tots ami lut wook, though at an carller period of tho month thoro waa los? doing. In nome instances the prices realised showed an ad vaneo of from 6 to 12} per cent, all round. The follow- ing nala of loatliorwaro and mercory wes roported last wenk :-Hen's chelsea olaatlo uppers brought G'i. Od., 6a. ti., nnd7B.8d.perpalr;do. cull Wulllngtorilega.Sa. 8tl. lo 10a. 6d. do.; do. halt do., 6} Od. to 7a. 3d.; Rant India kip, 24. lid. per lb.; Exhibition Fronch call, 5*. Id. to 6a. 8d. do.; patont calf. 78a. pordozoa; cilf kill, 64a. do.; rono roana, 82e. to 30a. do.; colonial kip, 203(1. per lb.; light do, Is. lOd. to le. lOJd. and Is. lid. do.; do. light calf, 8a. Od. do; do. horao butts, 8s. Od. do; waxed kangaroo, V. 7ii. do.; kanguroo linings, 13i. por doEon; black ba-rlls, Ila Sd. do ; brown kangaroo, 10s. Od. do.j machino Bilka, 40c per lb.; 6ln, terry olaatlo, 29. Id. por yard; wellington fronts, 01s. per doz.; short do., 40). do.; eyelot hooks, 12s. per 1000 ; colonial.mndo uppera, 43s. to 48*. per dozen ; of ter wlilch a large quantity ol colonial-manufactured boots were disposed of at follows:-Men's elastic eldee, 6a. Od. to 8s. OJ. per pair; boya' and youths' do., 6B. Od io 7_ Sd. do.; woroon'« calf almas, Cd. 0 J. do. ; 4 0 copper toes, 2s. 3d do. ; 7-0 do., 2n. lOd. do. ; 10 13 do., 8s 8d. do ; 7-0 elastic eldee, ii. 2d, do, ; tnon'u colonial bluchers, Ga lOd. to 7a. Od. do. ; do, do., riding boota, 18s. do, ; do. cauyaa oxonlans, 48s. par dozon ; wimeu's c&nv-t; "slippers, 20a. do. ; do. black basil D, 20s do. ; Rlrls* 1018 elastic sidon, 28s. do. There Was a largo attend- ance of leather and boot buyers, and good competition maintained throughout the »ale. Tills weok 172 trunka and cases were got rid of at the following ratos, viz. :-? Women's fancy kid roallsod from 6s. Od. to 13a. 0d. per pair: do., lasting do., from 6s, 2d. to 0'.; KnglUh cashmore do,, from 4s. Od. to 6i. Od.; maids' tanoy kid, Oi. 3d. to 7e. Od.; girls' do.,from li. Od. to 6i. 0J.; children's do., from 2i. 3d. ta 4B. Od.; mon'a E.8. goloehod, from 7a. Id. to 8a. Od ; coloalal bluchers, from 7a. Gd. to 8J.; do. laco ups, 8i ; Hung «lan nailed bluohore, 8a. Od. Thoro waa a vory lat.ro at- tendance of tho trade present, but bidding did not altoirether accord with Importers' limits, the rruw duty considered. Caudles havo met with modorato attention. The month opened with the salo, privately, ot aDout a couplool thousaud boxes at Did., In bond, but the builnosB since hail beon monopollsod by the auotlon mart, with the exception of a Uno of SOO boxea D. R. 0., which woroplacod this wook at lid., duty paid; about 8,000 IOXOB havo p_raod tho hammer on various occasions, chiefly, Uowovor, In faulty condi- tion', at lO.d. to lOJd., sound realising 10JJ to 10J1. and lid. Tho Ben Kovin, which arrlvod thin wouk, has brought 1,200 cises (about 10.000 boxos) to tho Nova Oompany's agents, since which a nott tia»tlau bos boon issued that tbo prlco of thin brand has boon raised to 12 'd. ' Cements -The demand oxperioncod for Portland is still capable of carrying off all the supply which comes forward, and stocks are not allowou to accumulate in Importers' banda. A decline, Lowovor, must bo ro- ported In priced, those having now gono back to tho rates lullng belora tho market becauo unsettled by tariff alterations. Tiro value of White's Portland hal Korro down from 17e, Od. and 18a. to 17a., up to the litter flgu.e having boen obtained for alrnnt 1,000 barróle, the salo of which waa reported within tho week ; for outelde brand 10?. to 10J. Od. would now be taken. On American plrstor wo also roport a re- duction In valuo; a ahlpmout ol beach waa quitted this wook at 17B. 3d. Chemicals.-Tho market has boen qulot, and little worth special mention hat come beforo us. Soda crystals have maintained a utoidy quotation of £3, but thero Is no business to roport. Tbo prlco of carbo- nate was forced up, after iho purchase of about 80 ton», to £17, but the market has boen very quiet since. .Bitstlo soda is quoted at £19. Wo do not hoar of any salea. Flower of sulphur, willoh railntalncd a nominal quotation of £10, has boon sold as low as £14 10J. and _l4-flguros which havo boon accoptod for a line of 200 barróla and othor lota. Cream of tartar liai met with buyors at la. Id. to la. 2d. ; an attempt, however, was made at ono time to establish a higher scale ot prices. For tartarlo acid we quote la. 10J. Proparod opium is moved OD slowly at 23i. Od. to 24s. Chicory.-Only a vory moderate demand has oxlatcd for oolonlal-manutaotured, at 4Jd. to 4} J. ; morely a sort of retail trade Inquiry, however, can bo recorded. Importod branda aro now ontirely out of the market. Coffee.-We noto a fair Inquiry for trado purposes, but tho Booson 1B now advancing:, and the demand will moat llkoly begin to fall, of! beto.elong. In the ad- vices by tbo last mall from Colombo, reaching up to 6th August, nothing of Interest has boon wade public, and the market has, In consequonco, boon little In- fluenced tberoby. A parcel of plantation wai Bold by auction In tho beginning of the month at 8}4. to 9d. j this had tho effect of stiffening tho views of lroldors, but othorwiso did not affeot prlco*, which aro very steadily maintained for trade purposes at 8Jd. to Od. for NOB. 1 and 2 plantation. Blue boan Java la quotod at 8}d. to 8_d., but ordinary saoules of Java reallao 71d., and tbe wholosalo doaleri con- tinuo to chargo for nativo Ceylon up to 7d. Thoro la no etook bold outside the trado. _ Confectionery -In Imported brands thoro bas beon nothing wb ate vor doing since tbo new duty has boon Impoiod, and with tho exception of thofow lots of Keillor's assorted takon up In bond at 81 d. for export, no silos bavo beon mado public Assortments of .colonial manufactured ara moved off at 8Jd. to SJd. Candlod pool has advancod to 13d., and Jujubes have born quitted at 14d. Cordage-Thoro Is no chango in prices to report. Tho local manufacturers having entlro poisostlon of tho market seldom inako an; alteration whatever, and tho Industry having been brought into existonco without .ny oxtraneout protoottvo aid but what la afforded by distance, &c;, tbo markets in tho neighbouring colo- nies are llkewito at their command. A fair demand for local purpose», as well as for shipment, baa boen met by sales of bait to three quarter inch Manilla hemp made cordago at Sid. to Od., while assortment* of lln. lo 4Jln. lind ropo havo been qutttad at £00 to £06 New Zealand lltx-made. according to size, jtfWllMt prices ranging from £48 to £68. Oolr rope, hawser BIZO, tells at £50. Bolt ropo, Imported, la quitted at £00 to £05. Flat rope 1B worth £78. Sales of Beaming twine have been mado at 13d. to 13Jil. How Zealand flax, according to dressing, briuga from £19 to £23 for average assortment?. . Fish.-We noto a steady markot, and notwithstand- ing tariff alterations, few changos eau yot bo rep sr toot Indeed, tho anomaly appears this month of some o. the items actually reached by the duty having do dined in value. Bales ot ling are made ut5d. An easier feeling exists In regard to white herrings, which now rule at 20a. to 80s. for half-barrels. Oae-pound horrings are still scarce, commanding 0s. 6d., but sup piles aro on the way. Bed herrings in tina are also wanted, and S4a. to 85s. can loadlly bo got Halves sardines having declined, cannot be quoted ovor IK Od. to 12s. : a parcol of 150 cases, cured with dark oil, was quitted at a low figure. Quarters fell to 0s., but aro now quoted at 6s. 8a. One-pound oystora aro saleable at 8a. Od, and lib. lobsters aro firm at OB. Cd. Fruits.-Currants moet with a very free and ful demand at CJd., though at one timo Balea wero mads as high as CJd. In raisins there 1B a moderate buslne s tobe done. Old Cape aro valued at Gd. New Caps, once held for Cd., bave been sold at 6Jd. Kioma are disposed ol at 5Jd. to 5}d Valencia aro quilted at a similar rango oí pilcos, Muscatel have been got rid of at up to Od. »ultana aro in requost, and saleablo at 7èd. Figs are disposed of at OJd. Drlod apples aro quito neglected, and almost unsaleable Flour and Grain.-Considerable depression has existed in all breadstuff« throughout the month. Alter the receipt of tbo last disappointing news regarding tbo home markot tho Ado'aide millers had a meettog to deviso some moana to raise tbo prlco, and came to the conclusion that It would bo adviaablo to export a largo quantity to England, in orcor to improve the value of what remained. Nobody, however, could believe they would neglect a cortaln market at their doora for one so uncertain and so lar off, moro especially as tho shippers would bo subjected to the further loss which tho lower prices ruling after harvott muBt entail, and, with tbo oxcoptton of a few trifling Bhlpmenis making to the Mauritius and othor equa'ly small uiiirksts, nothing further has como out of the movement. Tho South Australians have the character of manipulating their markets far produce, and very often they oxoorlonce the effect ol this; ÜB, for lnstanco, had they allowed snffhleiit quantity to be shipped early In tno season, when that could bo dono to a profit, they would now have retped a corresponding advantage; Instead of which, when the opportunity presented pricos wero sont up needlessly, shipments were atopped, as all English orders wero withdrawn, and now wlion the necessity of obtaining another market for a portion of tbolr pro- duce ia more apparent no ono 1B bold enough to ship in. the face of on Impending loss. Excopt for the supply of (inmediato requirements, flour has beon almost unsaleable, and tho price for best Vic toi lan and Adelaide country branda has gono down to £15 to £15 10s., and at tho latter figure only bakers' pareóla could bo Bold. Tasmanian la quotod at £U, From 7s. wboat has declined to Gs. 8d. to Gs. 4d., at which latost eales of Adelaide havo been mado. Now Zealand has been eold at Ga. 8d" but even at this re- duction only a sort of hand-to mouth trado has boen dono. Tho mlllors havo kept thomselvcs vory barely supplied, refusing to go Into stock, and holdors, think- ing they would he compelled to como In and buy, have hitherto been vory stiff, until the market at last fairly broko down. In Adelaide, values deolined to 4s. 9d" -ut tbe pries has risen again to fis., at which it now rules. A ebipmont ol 160 tonB fljur and wheat was despatched to Natal by the 8ea Nymnti, aud some 226 tons were sont away by tho St. Kilda to lire asmo market. Our advices from California by tho last mail reach to 22nd July, but thoro waa nothing of Interest to rotor to. Feeding grains have not been marked by much activity, nor have transaotlons boen of much importsneo Primo milling samples of oats have been very scarce, and for such 8i. 7d, to 3i. 81. could readily bo got. Feoding tom have, on the othor har d, been In lnrgo hupply, und Bales havo boen mado at all prices rising from 8s. Id. to 8s. 4Jd. Maize do- cked to 8s. 7d., utter which, owing to want of supply, tho market roso to 4s. Id. to 4s 8d., but of coursa this extreme and rapid rise can only bt> tempo- rary, as wo understand that there are at present eight cargoes on the way for this port, four ol which are about due. Halting barley baB been dlsposod of at oxlees ranging from 8s. lOd. to 4B. Feodiug barley has neon got rid of at 3a. to 3s. 3d. Bran has advanced to Is, 3d , and pollard has beon quitted at Is. 3d. to Is Od. Victorian oatmeal has been placed at £21 to £22, and pearl barley has ruled at £10 to £20. ¡Gunpowder.-In blasting powder nothlog Ins oc- curred to affect tbo market ; the business dono gono rally throughout the month has been restricted to a mere trado inquiry, at 7¿d. for Hall's. OJd. toOjd. lias boen obtabitd for Kaines. At the Drat named prlco 800 quartor-trairels woro on one occasion tukeu up. For outtrldo brands wo quote from 6jd. to 6}1. Hops.-liouio advices have Imparted a considerable impetus to this rnarkut, aud much more liveliness has prevailed durlug the month than har characterised It tor a long time ; the denihnd, however, having only been for speculative purposes, has not boen kept up, i bough the advanoid prices established have been frilly maintained. Considerable salea of low to medium qualities of Kent 1870 have been made at from lOd. tola. Id, and Is 2d., and prime samples have beon sold al 1B. 3d. to Is. 4d., while many holders havo not scrupled to ask. Is. Od. Taimtnian 1871 havo beon largely i old at la. to la. 2d for boat description», and lOd. for low and 81. to Od. baa boen got for 1870. 200 bales of low quality wore quitted. Malt.-The uiarKct hal not boon so oxcltod through out this month, business attngothor having boon much quieter. Somo parcela of old last Reason's make hive been disposed of at 8». 0d. to 8a. 7¿d., and for new 0a. has been tho ruling figure, without however baring bad the effect of drawing out buyers, who. now that the excitement in regard to the now duties Is over, do not erre to operato until tho scat on gets moro ad- vanced. iMotals.-Wo noto a quiet Inactivo market, with lew changes to roport, moro especially lu tho leading articles. Fig iron baa well suBtalnod tho rato to which prices rose last month, eales for trade purposes having boon made at £0. A very good demand has been oxpcilonced for gnlvanlaed iron, fc'cotoh, 20-gauge, baB been moved off at £24 to £26. English ordinary brandB have beon quitted at £20 to £27, whilo sales of beet brandB havo boen reported at £28. Of Braby'a iron, 60 cases, ex Kent and Macduff, were quitted at £28 to £29 12s. 0d,, and several other shipments were provlou'ly got rid of. For bar and rod iron holders have demanded £11. Sheet iron has been atoady at £11 for BSBortmontB of Nos. 8 to l8, whilo Noa. 20 to 20 havo beon quoted at £18. Quotations for boiler platoa havo stood at £11 10s. to £12 10s. Hoop Iron la not now moved off very readily; wo quoto £11. In fonclng wire there Is vory littio doing; indeed, nothing beyond a retail character. Wo quote for Noa. 0, 7, and 8 £15, £10, and £17 ; a damaged parcol was cleared off by auction at £16 5i. to £17 Gs., but tbo numbers wore bighor. Shoot had lu worth £20 10s. Shot is gradually gottlng filmer ; we now quoto £82 to £31, and as stocks of freo get reduced, it la likely that values will advance until a prlco equivalent to the new duty imposed will be got. TInplates aro vory dull ; wa quoto 12J to 10 per cent, advance on invoice. Muntz metal is offering at 8d., but there ia little business doing. Ew bank's nails aro very scarce, and ojgor boyera can be found at 12J to 16 por cent, off list. For American nails wo continus to quoto 20s. American hardware gomrally is fully supplied. Sales of Oolllns's and Sliarpe'e heavy axea are made at 80i. Ames's shovels are dlipOBed of at 7C3. Say's D.U. shovels, Sun. to SOIn.. ure saleable at 52a., and othor makors', samo alzo, a.o quitted at 50i Business In hollowaro has boon ropoited from timo to time at 35 por cent, off Hat. 'Olia-Thoro bas not been much doing in kerosene. The month opened with considerable salos, in conse- quence of ono buyer having c'.earod out all tho Devoa's to bo met with In the markot, to the extent of 12 000 caser, at Is. lid., slnoe which 2a. has been asked, but there has been much loas dono in con- sequence. A fow small outalde lots, howovor, havo been sold at la. lljd. aud la lljd. At auction salos have boon mado from timo to timo at le. lid. In bond, aud 2s. fid. to 2t. 0d. duly paid. Via California, our advices from Kow York to 22nd Julyroport Devoe's oil firm at 32centB. Tho San-h hadoleared from Boston with 1,540 caeos oil for Melbourne, and 500 caaos for Dfucdiu. Tho James Stone, f.'om Now York to Mel- bourne, brings 12,000 casos, and tho Anno Weston 1,760 casca. The Congroas waa loading at New .York for Melbourne, and the Witch, for Sjdnoy, had 3 000 cases engaged. Advices have just bean received by Ouyif Ado'aide to 7th August. Castor Oil has boen quoted at 4s. Od. to 4a. Od. for small trade parcolp, tho business dono, however, baa boon trifling. Llnieed has boen sold In drums at 4a. 3d. duty paid, and in bond at 8a. lOd ; for bit'k we quoto Hi. undor. Colza Is vory scarce, and being wanted talcs can roadlly be ma^o at 5s. Od, in drums, and 5s. 4Jd. in bulk. Salos of olive havo beon mado at Gi. in drum», and 5s. 3d, has boon accoptod in wood. Chinese oil Is quoted at Gs. 8d. Polar oil is valuod at £40 to £12. Oilmen's S toroa.-A medorAto trade demand has been experienced, nnd on tome fow Horns, but only a few the effect of tbo now duty may bo perceived la tho highor rates ronllsod. Plcklea show littio chango; salea being still made at (1)., C-\ Gd., 7a. 0d" 8s. Gd., Da. Od , 10>" and 11s. Od.-the last being got for C. and B. Bottled fruits havo not boen muoh run after ; ION Is quoted for assorted, and Ila. for black curranta Tas- manian and English jims must, with tbo present duty, ho excluded from the mirkot altogether ; for tho for- mor 8<. is oskod for lib. tin«. Vlotorlau-mado aro offering at 5s. to 5a 6ii. Salad oils aro soiling at 18a. to 22s. for good to ordinary brands, io quarts, aud up to 27s. is required for O. and B.; pints havo been disponed of at 10a. 3d. to 12s. ; and half plots at Ga. 3d. to 7s Gd. Castor oil, In pinta, is steady at 7a., and half-pints aro quitted at4i. Gd. to 4a 01\. Saúcos aro placed at 6s., 8a. Gd,, and 10s. G1, figure« which »bow a trlflo more flrm.iosa. Capers aro quoted at Ga. Colman'a mustard, la 71b. tina, ia now soiling at 7Jd.; lib. tins bring 0a. Gd., nnd up to l8'. 8d. for D.S.F.; half- pound tins coll at 5s. Od. Keen's P.S F. Is again offering In tho market at Ils. for half pound tina and 10s. for pounds. Whtteatareh Is soiling ntfijd. to6d., anrtbluoat 6Jd to 6Jd. thumb bluola quitted at lid, Sago is moved off at 2}d. Arrowroot In'bulk has boen placed at 4}d. Macaroni and vorml colll now bring lOd. White poppor Is disposed of at 13d., and black poppor rulos at 7d. Provisions havo shown no Blgn of animation. Now buttor is earning In froely, and salos continuo to bo mado at 4Jd. to Gd. A large and extensive make lB'oxpoctod this aoaaon, and if so thoro will bo a con- siderable aurplua for shipment. Colonial made cbeoso is.movod off at 4Jd. to 6d. For bacon and hams tho demand ia moat languid. Colonial cured bacon is dis poBod of at Od., and hams are quitted at 13d. to lad. In imported checso and hame we hoar of no salos whatever. {Quicksilver.-Stocka of this motal havo boon oloarod ut of Importers' hands, and the prloo has considerably advanced. We loam that the holders aro making a Btand for the oxtromo figure of 4s. Bice-Great heaviness pervades this market, not only In consequence of the large stocks on hand, but tim quantity coming forward as well. The Mary Miller, from Hong Kong, brought 3,058 bags In the beginning of tho month, and the Arrakan, from Cal- cutta, has arrived with 440 tons, 100 tons of which go down to Now Zealand. The Victory has left Calcutta with 250 tons, and boaldos 500 tons aro roported to have boen bought for Molbourne. Tho Francos Honty Is on the way from Bangkok with ono cargo, and the Albert Victor, from Saigon, with another. Thors bas boen very littio doing In tho makot. Patna la quotod at £22 to £23, but tates can only bo effected with oxtromo difficulty. Java, undressed, Is steady at £18 to £10. JaVo, dressed, Is moved off slowly at £2210s. to £24. Saigon, dressed, Is quoted at £20 The only trans- action roportod In drctwd ia the resalo of the African Maid's cargo of Lombook, amounting to 180 tons, sold on, forms withhold. On Thursday, tbo Patna, ex Bordeaux, moro or less faulty, was offerod for Bale. Somo 0 368 bags were eubmittod under tbo hammer, and the whole waa dlspoaed.of at up to £15 net cash, per 20 bags, in bondj Salt baa beon somewhat quiet until the close of th» month. Last week a botter feeling waa evinced. A Bhipment of 200 tons coarse and fino, ox Ponthoslloa, WSB taken up (to arrive) at £3 10r. An Improved de mund for London extra rino has likewise boen a no- ticeable foature, and several 10 to 20 ton parcels ex E. J. Spence havo boen disposed ot. Quotations for coarse rulo at£4. Ordinary Uno is quoted at £110s" and for extra Btoved £416s. to £5 Is required. The market has alBO been quite cleared of all paresis of rock salt offering, at up to £8 10J., and the stock having now become centered with ono or two firms, £410s. will he required. With a moderate demand prices are likely tv keep high for the remainder of tho eeaBon. . Slatf s.-Considerable sales were effected this month in anticipation of the imposition of a now duty causing higher prlcou to rulo ; tbo markot has not yet, however, responded to the movement, and thoro Is no alteration in price to roport. The sales effected amount to 220,000 or thereabouts. Tho shipment . aro tcpt on a somewhat heavy Beale, aud unless the duty changes tho SBpect of the market, and causoa an In- creased price to bo established, wo ehould not ba sur prlstd yot to see a declino occur. For 21 x 12 wu quote £10, fon22 x 12 £14, and for 20 x 10 £1110s. Bugar.-This staple bos been devoid of animation, and the month's business will be found to have been below tho aversgo. Tbe heavier and more important sal CB wero effected early in the month ; towards tho close the market has dragged very much, and moro difficulty has boen experienced In moving anything Uko quantities. On Monday, tho 14th ult., nome 6 040 bags Java grey crystal sugars wero quilted at £3215'. to £3116s. lire Bhipment of Natal sugar per Princess Alice, amounting to 8.025 bags and sackB, was offered at same timo, but only 2.100 packagoa were quitted ; £20 was realised for refining sorts, low rations nrought £24 2s., good rations £27 10a. to £2810a" low browns £28 26s., and medium counters £31 10s. to £33 16s The cargoes of Mauritius sugar per Catharine and Ainino woro offered on Tuesday, the 15th, and some 6,000 bogs in all wore disposed of. The rates realised woro, howovor, rather i.Tegular, some descriptions having proportionately brought botter prices than others. On tho whole, a docllno of about 16s. to 20a. had to be submitted to. Fine whlto crystals brought £30 10a. to £39 16a. ; middling white, £38 vo £38 10s. ; groy crystals, £30 Ms. to £37 10s. ; One counters, £34 10s. to £35 10B. ; yellow counters, £32 5a. to £33 10a. ; low counters, £30 6s.; good rations, £27; and low rations, £21 10a. On Thursday, tho 17th, some 1,500 bags low refining oorla woro quitted on privato terma. A Uno of 000 bags rations was placed at £27. On the 18th a few hundred baga Mauritius wore got rid of at 34s. for yellows, and 87s. for middling whito crystals. On Monday, tbo 21st, Bomo 2,270 mats Java, In faulty condition, were quitted at £3210a. to £33 per ton net. Mauritius, sound, wa9 got rid of at £32 63 to £33 5s. for yellow countora, £36 10a. for groy crystals, and £37 10a. for Uno white brewing crystals. Tbo St. Hilda's cargo of 3,121 pockets and sacks Natal Bugara was cleared off at samo time. Refining sorts sold at £22 to £2216) ; low ratlonB brought £23 to £2416a.; good ratlonB realised £2510s. to £2015s.; lo v browns, £27 to £28 10s.; low to medium counters, £29 61. to £81 ; and good to Ano counters £32 6s. to £31 5». On Tuesday, tho 20th, tho balancos of cargoes of Mauritius, to tho oxtont of 1,480 bags, wore quitted at £30 6s. ter groy crystals; £35 to £85 6s. tor grainy counters, £3116s. to £3210s. tor medium counters, and £25 10s. to £20 lus. for good rations. On Thursday, tbe 31st, tho Sarah's cargo of Mauritius was offered for ealo, and 3,000 bagB were diapoaed of at from £30 10s. to £3110s. for medium couute.s to £32 10J. to £31 10a. for good counters, £85 6). tor middling to £3710s. for Uno Bott whlto crystals, aud £37 10«. for whitish biovlng crystals-figuroa wbich Bhow a slightly easier feeling in regard to yellows, but fully support lalo quotations for tho Oner descriptions Our latest dates (rona Mauritius, which reached us by the Sarah, aro to 20th July. Tea -Mesara. J. O. Robertson and Co. report as follows:-" Wo cannot report any Improvement »Ince tbo dato of our last circular, but rather tho opposite. BuBlnoss generally has been confined to the auction rooms, and tho largo sains ' without reserve' havo had a very ruinous effect. Values have boen entirely un- settled, and a gloomy ai-pect banns over this raarkot, considering tho e.vcusslve quantity au vised as coming forward. There appears to he a general want of con Qdenco on the p»rt of importers and also of the trado to purchase moro than actual requirements. »inca tbo commencement of the now soason's saloa a declino ot 2d. per lb. has transpired. Tho principal event of the month waa the «alo by auction of tho cargo, ex steamer' Bernard, on the 10th ult. There wai a large attendance of the trade, and about 0,000 paokagoa were quitted at very good prices. On the 28th, the consignment portion of tho cargo ex Rachel, from Foo chow, waa offered, consisting of 2,180 packages, the groater portion sold at middling' rates. On the 81st, tho rosidue of the cargo ex s.S. Bernard, consisting of 9,200 packages, was tffeicd, and about 6 000 quitted at rates showing a1 decline on I ho previous Bale. On the 6tb InBt., tho cargo ex VIBIOII, from Foo chow, consisting of 4,920 packages, was offered, and over 0,000 pickagou sold at a declino of 1 Jil. to 2d. per lb. In most Instances. Tho bidciegs woro devoid of spirit, Foo-chow Dust and Sifilmis.-Tho quotations for dust and sifclngs re- main the Bamo. Ordinary to good ordinary Is siloablo at 9Jd. to lOid.; mixed leaf kinds, Itjd. tu 1». ljd. In good medium qualities, strong to strung wi h flavour, a larger business has been dono at from Is. 31, to Is. Od. First claes kateow sales havo been mado at up to 2s. Id. For scented teas there Is a better fcollng. Our quotations aro : - Congou. -Dust and siftinga, 7d. to 8d. ; broken., Foo obow, 8d. to lCjiL; ordinary to good, lOJd.gtols. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. Old.io la. 2}d.; do., with littio flavour. If. 3Jd to Is. éd.; blackish lent kinds, Is. id. to la. Gd.; do. atrong, Is. Od. to Is. CJd.; do. Btreng flavoury, Is. 7d. to 1B 8d.; kalsow kinds, etroug, Is. 8d. to Is. 10d.; pekoe souchong and pekoe flavour, Is.. lOd. to 2s.; fine rich pekoe, souchong flavour, 2a. Id. to 2s. 2d.; db., vory line do., 2s. 2èd. to 2a. 8d.; siucbong, common, Is. to Is. 2d.; do., middling to fine. Is. 3d. to l8. Gd.; orango pekoo, scon tod ordinary and brokon, IB. 3d.to la. 4d.; do., good to fine, Is. 8d. to la. lid.; capor, ccented, common to middling, la. Id. to la. aid.; do., middling to fino, 1B. 7d. to Is. 8d.; young h j son, common Is. Id. 'to 1B. 8d.; do., good to fine, Is. Gd, tola, lid,: do., finest, none; ganpswdor, Can- ton, goad to fino, la. Id. to Is. lljd. Above quotations aro at per lb. in bend for chests (boxos being worth 3d. per lb. more)." Tho dolivorlos for tho past month have boon 806,407ib. against 4GO,5301b. during tbe samo time last year. Tho stock m bond on the 2nd Soptembor WOB, 1,023,0071b. against 3,257,3701b. on 1870. Tobacco.-! he markot has not been characterised by much activity, ohltfly owing to tho quantity of duty, paid Btock held by dealers, in anticipation of Increased duties, and partly owing to the fact of so littio stock being held by importers. Cameron's tons- havo, how ovor. been moving off freely, the markot being very firm lndeod In the face of tbo advlco to hand that no new can come forward beforo November or Decem- ber. Twists have also boen disposed ol in large parcela. Aromática havo become very scarce, and pricos aio rising evory day. On tho 21st ult, two shipments of St. Androw'a twist on tho spot, and the on'y one to arrive per Fentbcsileo. 102 packages, in all 200 paok- agoa, were clearod off at full price, and as it Is pretty cort∈ that no now can como to band before tbo end of iho yoar, it is expected that an advance on lato rates will be established. A small parcol of Queen of tbo South was also quitted at 14d. Aline of 150 boxes Two Boas and Venus, slightly faulty, was placed at 15d. 60 canes and boxos sound wore like wlfo quitted at Is 4d. and 1B. 4Jd. By privato con- tact about 100 packagOB Navy and honoydew, &i;, landing ex Chasca, were dlepoaed of at very satisfac- tory prlcoB. Under the hammer 240 packagcB wero cleared off on Wednesday, the Suth ult., whrn sixes roalire.l le. 2}d ; fours, Is. 2}d. ; half pounda sold at lid. to la OJd.; tona brought 01., and aro- matic twist le. lfd. The arrival at Sydnoy of the Californian mail, with dates from Now York to tbo 22nd of July, wastolegraphod on tbe 24th ult Tho City of Adelaide baa tinco arrived with datea to 7th August. Tho quantity advised na shipped only »mounts to 400 packages, por James Btowo,f rom Now York. Ourgeneral trade quotations are :-Common tona, Od ; medium, lid.; good, lad.; fine. IGd. to 16}d. Dark half pounds acareo, and no reliable quotation can bo §lvcn ; good half pounda command from la. to lid.; no brings as high aa Is. Gd. Aromatic half pounds and pounda aro disposed of at 13}H. to IGd ; aromatic fancies at 14 jd to Is. Od. Navios find buyers ut up to Is, Gd. for tho finest grades. Twist, Inferior, none in first hands. Fine is saleable at In 3d. to Is. 4J 1. Ormond Swiss cigars are quitted at 87s. Gd. Manilla clieroots can bo got at 67a Gd., and Havannah shaped clgara at GOs. to 02». Gd., or half and half, at about fSi Gd. German clews are quoted at from 40', to 180s., and genuino Havannah réalisa from £10 up- wards. Timber.-Tbo market Ia oxtremoly heavy again, and eales aro with difficulty pushed under tho hammer, almost all tho business r>ono in thlB markot being mo- nopolized entirely by the auction mart. Tho following aro tho principal sales :-On tho 15lh ult. tim deck cargo ex Bolga, comprising white doala, 8J x 8, was placod at 8Jd. per font 0x8; Gi x 2J brought 311 ; 201,000ft. T. and O. flooring, lining, and weather- board«, ex Marpoela and Great Victoria, wore cleared off, al) faultB, at full prices ; 200 logs codar, ex Wol como Homo, wero taken up at 10a. Gd. to 28i 3d. ; 84 000ft Kauri pino, ex Kmma Jr.ne, sold at 8s. Od to 17s Kx Krncstlne, 1,265 pieces red deals, 11 x 3. wore quitted at 4|d to 4¡¡d. por foot 0 x 8 ; 1,180 olocoj 0 x 3 ronllsod 4gd, to 4Jd. Tho following week tho only buslnoBB reported waa the quittance of vboutS 0,000ft. TJ and O. flooiiug and weatherboards ox Great Vic- toria, Macdui!, and Lanarkshire, at Gi. Od. to 7s. Od. per 100ft. 1,600 piceos red deals nnd battena. ex Vanadin, wore got rid'nf at 4gd. to 4d 7-16thS per foot D x 8. On the 20th, tho cargo of Oregon squaro timber, ex Columbia, was offered, and Bold nt £0 17s. Gd. to £716s. per 1,000ft super. ; 0 x 1 T. and G. flooring brought 7s. per lOOIt. linoal ; 6 x 1J do , 8a. Od, do. ¡ pickets. £017s. Gd to £7 6a. per 1,000 ; 4}tc sawn laths, 32s. do. Ex Lanarkshire, nil faults. 4.885 0 x 8 red deals, rcallsod 4d. 3 lOtlia to 4d. 0 lOths por foot. Of tho Hllandor's cargo of cedar, 10 logs brought 28a. ; 11 do , 2Gs 9d. ; 10 do., 23s ; 10 do , 20a Od.; 20 do., 18a. Od. per 100ft supor. Ex Agra, 84 000ft. whlto pino shelving, fotobod £11' 2s. 0d. per 1,000ft ; 05.0001U do. T. and G , £8 5s. do.; 50,000 4ît. laths. 20s. Gd. per 1,000. Ex Ohssca-«5,000ft. white pine abelvlnir soldat £11 2s. Od. por 1,0001t.; 24 OOOtt, d6, at £10 17s. Gd do. ; 25.000/6. do. T. and G., at £8 2s. Gd. do.; 10.000ft H'n. to 8ln. clear pine brought £14 2s. Od. to £17 7«. Gd. do.; 67,000 4}ft. laths, 33s. Gd, por 1,000 ; 2,261 doors were quitted at 10a. to 23s. Gd. each. On the Ut InBt, 1,145 doors, ex Ohasoa, brought 13a. to 23a. Cd. each; ex Rita, 115 000ft. sawn kauri pino. Bold at 7s. to 16s. 8d. per 100ft. ; ex Eliza Firth, 114 logs kauri pine realised 11s. to 11s. 3d. par 100ft Wines end Fplrlts.-Since tho talked-of nltorntlon In tbo tariff, when a largo buainoss was dono In wines, buyers havo been too full handed to admit of any now transactions being reported ; tbe business dono In oltber port or Bherry baa been of tbo most restrlotod character. Salos, however, though trifling, haveranged over all descriptions. Sherries for actual trade pur- poses havo boon moved off at £20, £28, £33, £42, £00, and £70, according to quality. Ports have also boon dlipoted of at £18, £21. and £20, £32, and £72. Spirits In Uko manner have been characterised by very little Bhow of animation; an exceptional sale boyond tho usual routine of trade requirements has been re- ported, butnothlngmoro. Hennessy, pale and Martell's dark brandies have maintained quotations of OB. Od. Martell's pale brandy has stood at 6s. lid. to Os 3d. In one InBtance a Uno of 60 hhds. and 100 quarter casks changed hands on private terms ; a small parcel was aUo sold at 0s. 3d. to 0a. 4_d. The Golconda, which arrlvod about a fortnight ago, brought tho drat of the now brandy, and an attempt to got rid of some by auction proved so very dlicouraglng as to oom pel the aeller to withdraw everything. Otard's has boen dis- posed of at 6*. lOJd to 6B ; for O.V.P. we quote 6s Od. to fli : Vlnogrowors' has been quitted at up to 5r. Gd. Associated Vineyards' Is quoted at 6s Od Jules Robin and Co. bringa 5s. Od. U.V.P. Ia worth 6i. 6d. For Renault's and Castlllon and Marett'« we quote 6s 3d. Cloro-u'i commands 6a. Central Vineyards' and B.'Frere'alidUposedof atl«. tol_8d. Case brandlos bavebt on llttlonoticed.andwehaveto report t>con»lder able drop in Hcnnessy's this month. SalcB havsbeon made at prices falling to 20«. 3d , a figure which it has uow touched, but is difficult to q ile even at tint Martoll'a IB nominally quoted at 24_ Gd , but, thoro being no «took on hand, a definite quotation cannot bs given. For Otard's 22s. Od. to 23) ia nBked. D. V. P. is quotcu at 23a. Marott's can bo bought at 22_ Meukow's is valued at 22a., and P. Prunlor'a commands 21s. to 22s. Genova hos been quite inactive, and quotations show little altera Ion. JDKZ, 16 bottles, Is quoted at Ila 3d. to Us. 4jd., V. H. and Co. at Ila., and Key at 10s Od. ; 20-bottiu cues are saleable at 13a. Rum. 10 per cent, o p., has boon In slow Bale ; wo quote 8s. 3d. to 8s. 4Jd. to 3a. 6d. ; 80 per cent meets with still greater negloct ; wo quote 3s 91., but thors Is no h-qulty whatever. Whisker inbulk Is very slugelsb ; we quote 8a. 6d. to4s., according to brand. Sir R. Bur- nett's od tom brings 12a. 01. to 18s. MONTHLY WOOL, TALLOW, AND HIDE MARKET. FitiDAT, SEPT. 8. Messrs. R. GiiLDSiiROuaii and Oo. report :-" Wool - Tho toco of this markot has considerably improve! dur- ing tbo past month, though as is usual at this time of the year, thero bos beon vory littlo actual buslnoss done, transactions Bines our last circular having boon limited to a few small sales, consisting principally of socond parcels and odd lots of greasy, for which prices olosoly approximating to lnmo quotations havo boon reallsoa. By the arrival of the Rangoon on the 20th tilt, nearly Ovo days beforo the contract time, wo wero placed in possession of our European corrospondonco to July 14, by which wo learned that the third series of public Bales bad commenced, and waB progressing most satis factorlly, prices showing an advance of lid. to 2d. per lb. over the improved rates of June. This was sup- plemented by our private telegram, bringing the nows up to August 4. that "Sales closed firmed, manufao turers were well employed, trado continued good, and weat h or fino," The effect of this intelligence on our market has been most marked and satisfactory, and we fully anticipate an active competition amongst our local buyers, and that full prices will rule hero throughout the coming season. Already largo orders to purchase have been received, and we leam that a gratifying proof of the steady expansion of our local trado will bo afforded by the presence at our Bales this year of buyers for direct shipment to America, it being anticipated that tho presont Congroas will re- duce, if not entirely abolish, tho dulloa on wool, and thus open up a direct trado with Australia, which must prove mutually advantageous. The serious de ficionoy in tbo cotton crop of tbo States cannot fail also to have an appreciable effect on the value ol our staple ; and having, as wo havo pointed out in previous Issues, reached the limit of production lu those colo- nies, for the present at least, wo feol fully warranted In predicting a brisk business and high ratc3 at our auction salea this season. The weather has boon most favourable for shearing oporatlons, which in most of tho districts aro progressing vigorously, and several parcels of the new clip havo already artlved at our warehouses. An examination of tho samples to hand confiima the opinion we have already expressed-that this year's clip will be better grown and sounder than it has boen for Borne years past. The following ships have cleared for London during the month with wool on board :-1871-August l8, Janot Ferguson, 413 bales ; August 23, Turkish Empire, 088 Dalos ; August 20, Lincolnshire, 1,140 bales ; August 29 Or eat Britain 1,072 bales ; Copt 0, Mary Suephord, 1,200 bales. Total.4.400 bales. Add previousihlpmenta,216 016 bales. Total-1st Ootohor, 1870, to date, 220,144 bales. Piices Current-G easy-Inferior, 6d. to OJd ; ordi- nary to avorago, 7d to 9d. ; good to superior, Od. to lid. Fleece- Inforlor, lOd, to Is. ; ordinary to average, Is. Id. to In. 4d. ; averago to good, la. 3d. to la. Od. ; superior (none offer lng), nominal. Scoured- Infclor, lid. to lu. Id. ; ordinary, la. 2d to Is 44. ; middling to good, 1'. 4d. to Is. Od. ; superior (none offering), nominal. The quantity offering belüg exceedingly limited, the above quotations muBt be looked on as merely nominal. SheepsklnB.-Our usual sales ol the month havo been well attended, and prices have remained very firm, all offering being readily taken at the following pricei : Butchers' skins, from 2s. to 6s. Od. each, aud station skins from 3d. to OJd, per lb. HidcB.-This markot continues to bo well supplied, and we havo noticod a Blight lncroaso in value during rho minth, all that come forward being taken by the local tanners. Our sales are-ox hides, from 20s. to 281. eaoh ; cow hldCB, from 12s. to 20a each ; and wot Baited, from 3}d. to 4Jd. per lb. Calf- skins Bro worth up to Od. per lb. Tallow.-At our weekly Bales held duiing tho month we have disposed of 1,100 casks-, of all descriptions. Prices havo ruled very evenly throughout the month, and were not affected by the mail newe, the state of the English market for this article being deemed satisfactory. Wo quoto mutton from £84 10a. to £SG ; beef, £81 to £34; mixed, £32 to £34; and Inferior from £28 to £31 per too. Tno following Bhipmonts bava boen made :-1871-August l8, Janot Ferguson, 017 caBks; August 23, Turkish Empiro, 1,626 COBIIB; August 20, Lincolnshire, 883 caakB ; August 29, Groat Britain, 22 casks ; September 0, Mary Shepherd, 1,110 casks. Total, 3,767 casks. Kangaroo skins ate much inquired after, and who» In good condition realise high prices. Wo have sold lar>e sizes from 10a. to 40s. pordozon, modlum from 10A to 16a. per dozen, and Binall from 39. to 10s. per dozen." ,Tbe LONDON AND AUSTRALIAN AGENCY CORPORATION LIMITED furnish tbe following report for transmission per K.A1.S. Geelong -" Wool.-Since our last roport no faloB of Importance havo taken place, only about 250 bales having been sold, which bavo commanded brisk competition, and tealiacd aitl,fictory prices. The re- portant the London J uue ana July salos, which reached us on the 26th ultimo, per B.M.S. Kangoon, were extremely gratifying und encouraging to merchants, speculators, and shippers generally, and likewise hilda oot to growers favourablo expectations of realising remunerativo prices lor th'.a season's clip, which tho greater Dart of thom will no doubt wisely avail them- selves of tbo opportunity of selling heroin preference to taking the risks and delays consequent upon ship- ping to the English markot; and as we understaud ihat mony orders bave alroady been received on English and forolgn manufacturers' account, thoro ia every reason to anticipate at tho opening of our auction sales the most active competition and satis- factory prices will nile. The weather throughout the country generally has boon favourablo, and shear- ing has now become almost universal ; those stations not actually commenced are In active preparation, and In a majority of tho sheds our formor expressed antici- pations, that t ho clips would yield above tho average of last season, aro fully coiiflrmod. Soveral largo clips of wool bavo alroady arrived in town, part for ship- ment to London direct, and part for disposal in the auction eales of this market, which aro expected to commence immedla.ely aftor the arrival of noxt Eogllsh mail. Frolghts havo ad- vanced, tho rates now being for scoured aud washed 3d., and for greasy g1, por lb. We givo our last month's quotations as nominal, viz : Greasy-Inferior, 6d. to Gd ; medium, 6d. to 7Jd. ; good, 8:1. to 01. Sllpo-Inferior, Gd. to 7d. ; medium, 7d. to Ojd. ; good, lOd. to 12J<1\. Scoured-Inferior. 8d. to Wjd. ; medium, lid. to IGd. ; good, l61, to 18d. ; superior (none offering). Fioeco-(None offer- ing) Iho following ships bavo cleared since our last :-1871-Aug l8. Janot Ferguson, 413 bales ; Aug 23, Turkish Empire, 071 bales ; Aug. 20, Lincolnshire, 1,168 bales; Aug. 20, Great Britain, 1,072 bales. Total-3,810 bales. Add previous shipments since 1st October, 1870, 215,576 bales. Total-218 801 bale«. Sheepskins-Tbo di mund for thOBO continuo brisk, and prlcos rule fiim. Green skins so'l from 8a. to 6a. lOd. each ; dry station skins, from 3Jd. to GJd. per lo Hides-The greater pirt are bougot for local cin Bumptlon, and prices well maintained Green bu'lock hides realise from 21s. to 28'. Od. each ; cow hides, 11< to 20s. each ; wot salted, 3Jd. to lid. per lb. Calf skinB, 4Jd, to 01. per lb. Tallow.-Ths market con- tinues steady, though prices have boon ainco last Engltsh aavices in some li stancfB a trifle oasler. Wo quoto-Mutton, £33 to £80; hool. £81 51. to £34; mixed, £3110s. to £33 10«. ; inferior, £27 to £30 nor ton. The shipments of (ho month amouut to 2,701 casks," MeBsrB. HASTINGS CUNIKÓIIAM nnd Co. report: " Wool.-In all probability wo will have an early commencement of the wool soason. The woathor haa continued favourable for shearing since our sutnmarv of last month, and already several hundred ba'oi of this season'* clip havo arrivod in town. Thoro havo been vory few sales during the month, and those that havo taken place wero comprised almost solely of odd lots trora fellmongers The satisfactory nowa receivod by the July mall tended to enliaoco the value In this market, and prices finco have ruled high; scoured is worth from lid. to 181. per lb" a rsl greasy from OJd. to Od. per lb, Tho ahlpmonta since our last report aro as follow :-From Hobaon's Bay Janot Ferguson, 418 bales, o'eired 18th August ; Tuikhb Empiro, 608 bale», cleared 23rd August ; Lin- colnshire 1140 bale', cloarcd 20th August ; Groat Britain, 1,072 bales, clearod 20th August Total, 3 299 I aloa PrcvlouB shipments, 210 525 bales. To al shipments from 1st October, 1870, to 8th August. 1871, 210 824 ba'os. Corresponding p»rIod 1869 70. 207,801 bales ; 1S08-CO, 220,588 hales ; 1807 08 201 202 bales ; I860 07,160,548 hales. The following vessels aro now loading :-The Mary Shephord will take nbou1-. 1,000 bales; J. M. Joshua, 3,000baloa;Dul:o of Argyll, 8 000 balCB ; and Kent, 3,000 bales. 8beepiklns have hoon firm throughout tlio month, and the pricoi roallsed aro Batta factory. Butchors'green akinsbrlngfrom 2a. Gd. to6i.0d. each,anddrystalloniklnBfrom4d.to7id. perlb. Hides aro coming tsrward freely, and prlcos aro slightly In advanco of laat month. Heavy weights fetch from 22a to,28s Gd. each, light weighta from 16a Gd. to 201. each, and calfskins up to Gd per lb. Tallow-There bsB »ot heen so much spirit shown by buyers at our Eales held latoly, and prices have not come up to those of our last report, owing in a groat measuro to high rates ruling for London freights. During tho month we havo quitted 600 casks, which havo brought the following prlcos:-Mut ton from £33 10s. to £30 per tor, mixed from £8212s. Gd. to £84 10a. por ton, aud beef from £82 7a. 6d. to £34 per ton. Kanga-oo skins are In great demand, especially largo sizes when In good oondllion. 5 hoy aro worth from 8a. to 37s. por dozen." REVIEW OP THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. A very marked change has been experienced in this market einco dato of our last report.- The month's transactions have boon extremely numerous, and to an amount seldom, if ever, exceoded. Honey has beon plentiful, both for Investment in deben« tures, banks, gas, and approved dtvidond-paylng mines, and for spéculation In progressive mining I companies. Tho Increased aotlvity in the market baa been almoBt entirely due to favourable develop meuts (and consequent speculation) In some of tbo mlnoB to the south of Sandhurst, in the neighbourhood of tho Golden Gully, famous In tho early days as one of the richest on Bendigo. Tho profits realised by the fortunato holders of shares lu these compactai caused an activo demand to spring up for scrip m tho adjoining claims, and shares which previously had scarcely an sppreciablo market value were suddenly in great requost, and changed hands at rapidly Improving I rates So keon WSB tbo excltemont that tho destruction by Uro of the block of buildings known as the Boeblvs chambers, in which were located the offices of many oflbe brokers and of managorsof mining companies, and by which much scrip and many ah are registers nero burnt, scarcely checked business for an hour. As Is usual at such times, advantage is being taken to push cumbers of new companies on the market, each of course favourably situated with respeot to some ouo or other of the latest favourable dovelopmonts, and the difficulty of providing tho ways and means for I them all will no doubt causo a check soon, but In the meantime there seems no lack of funds, and the market closos wonderfully firm, considering the enormous advances made In value during tho month. Clunes, Ullinger. Creek, and other quartz mining districts have bad amodorate extent of buflroiB at generally Improved prices. Alluvial mints have bad a very limited business, without ony chancos of Importance. Debentures con- tinue scarco and command full rates. Bank shares saleable, and havo a slightly upward tendency. In- surance shares qulot. Ga« Bliaroa in requise, without chango in value. No business in miscellaneous stocks. The rain'ng dividends amount to £88,208 10a., aa partlcularlBed bolow. Debentures, Banns, and Miscellaneous Stocks. Victorian Govornment six per cent, local debentures continue in good request, any offering In tbo market being readily taken up ; isles during the month from £118 10a., £114. íío five per cents, obtainable. Melbourne and UobBon'a Bay Ballway Blx per cent, debentures Bold at £104. Collingwood Gas Uompany sixpercent debinturoaduel883ti_eiodat£l06}. New South Wales Government five per cents, duo 19ul, woro placed at 2 por cent, premium. Bank of Victoria havo a firm nmrKot; sales at £39 15a. and £10. Colonial Bank of Australasia sold to a moderato extent at £0139. national Bank of Australasia (Holbourne rf ulster) have been in good request, Bharea offered up to £6 16J. being readily taken, and £6 15s. 0J. being now a-ked ; shares on tho London register sold at £5 14s. 8J., and obtainable at £6 14s. Od. Commercial Bank of Australia sburcs had a Btoady demand at £8 8r. to £3 8s. Od., and closo with £3 Or. usked. Bank of New South Wales wero qulttod at £33 10s. aud £3110)., and are obtainable about £34 Union Bank ol Aus- tralia Bold at £42. Land Mortgage Bank have boen placed at £2 7s , and aro saloable at this price. Insu- rance shares havo had very llttlo business. Southern quitted at 17s. Od., and are obtainable at 17s. Aus- tralasian Fire and Marino have changod banda at 7a. Od., and llfo shares ht 17a. National Fire Insurance cold at 3). to 3J ljd,, but have receded in coneoquenco of eomo losses, shares being quitted as low as 2a. l}d. Australian Alliance Assura-ico aro at 40s. sellers, with buyers about 38s. Od. Gas companies In request Molbourno sold at £0 la. aud £0 la. Cd" and have buyers unsupplicd. Collingwood and Fitzroy placed at £8 Si., aud aro wantod at £8. Bendigo havo buyers at £4 2s Od. Ballarat aro offered at £10, and Goolong at £5 le Od. Molbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway shares aro at £47, and Mel- bourno Meat-preserving Company shares al £i. , Alluvial Mines.-Ballarat-Albion Consols rose from Is. Gd. to over 20s., but did not sustain tho advance, and OIOBO dull at 14a. sellers. Band and Albion Consols havo bad a fair extent of business, and closo at an ad vaneo on opening price, sales from 41s. to 40a., closing at 47s. Bonshaw Freehold had an improved market, shares being Bold at from £17 up to £35, rocodingagaiu einco to £26, at about which they close. Groat Uulf neglected, collera at 10s. Koh-i-noor roso from lia. to 0's. Od., but foil again to 45a, finally closing pretty firm at about 50». Park Company havo had a modo rato bubinoss at 41s. to 47a., receding again to 41s" and closing with eales at 43s. Prlnco of Wales have had a limited business at from 48a. to 52a,, closing firm at about 49d. to 60s. St. Georgo and Band have had a very depressed market throughout the month, and closo dull ; arrangements aro belüg mado to let portions ot tbo mine on tributo ; sales early in the month at 48s. for paid up, and 36s. to 89a. for new issuo, closing dull at about 18s. to 20a. for paid-up, and 18s. tol6e. for new ISBUO. United Albion and Prince of Wales dull at 6s. Od. to 0a. 6J. United Band and Band havo had a weak market ; Balea from £810a. to £8, closing Bcllors at £8, and buyers at £710a. Winter's Freehold nave bad a fluctuating markot, rising from £17 10a. to £22, receding to £18, at about which tbey CIOBO. Leviathan Company bave had more business than for a long timo past ¡ prices roso from £110a. to £812s Od., but close quiet at £8 sellers, Boeoiwortb. -Kneebone Company worth 29s. for contributing shares. Wellington (contributing Bhares) placod at 62s. Od. to 67B., and are obtainable at former prlco ; paid-up hold for 02s. United OvenB Gold aud I'm sold at £7 6s. to £7 10s., and have sellers at latter. Avoca. -Melhourve and Avoca Company havo got the water under control, and havo commenced raising washdirt. The yields so lar are considered satUfactory. Some Bbar: B weio quitted at under par, but tboy CIO30 firm, with par asked. Quartz Mines.-Sandhurst-Extended Hustler's Company havo further advaucod in value, and closo firm ; eales from £b le. Od. to £7 10s. ; the company's crushing plant has boen completed, and cruthing commeiiced ; with ibetr Increased means of reducing the quartz, vory largo yields are confidently expccLeJ. lbe Tribute Company s shares havo beeu in good demand, and advanced from 37s. Od. to £i 12a. Hustler's Company without business. North Hust- ler's woio very dull at about l18, till Tuesday last, when thoy jumped up to 17s. in consequence of improved stone being got. Royal Hustler's have been aealt iu at from 16s. Ud. to 20s., and back again to 10s. Hustler's Freehold are held for 20a. Comet dull at Ile. Od, sellers Garden Gully United Company hkve lisen f.-om £3 10J. to £6 5s. per share, and olese \eiy finn ; tbo Mo. 1 Trluuto have boou placed at frena 43). io 60s. Garden Üully Freehold rose ftom 8'. Od. to 15a. Od., aud close about 14a. Gd, Ralnoow Tributo placed at 30a to 33a. Unity Company sold at 82s., and Victory Company at 37s. to 80s. Ooaaio polltan havo eavauced from 6a. to Sa., and Ulster Com- pany Bold at up to 7i. Od. Victoria Gold Mines havo hau a dull market, aud havd recoded from 67s. to 61a. Hoiculia Company sold at 40a. to 44a., uud closo with buj ern at formor pile j. Johnson's quint at about 19 . North JohiiSon'b roto from 20a. Gd. io SOi., in cuuto queccu of much better stone being met willi. Koso of Dinmaik sold atf rum 14'. to 16s .andaré offered at 15a. Gd. Calhtrino United have boen iu good request at advancing rates, and closo firm; sales from 8a. to 11B. St. Mungo Company firm at Ga. Gd. Now Moon Company sold at 14a to 15/. South New Moon held for 5s. Gd. hobin Hood Bold at 3a, to 3s. Od. Collumt.li and Tacchi quiet at 16a. Gd. sellers. G. G. Consolidated havo made one of the largess ad- vances uunng the month, shares having risen (rum 14s up to 44B" closing about 42s ; the t anaacilona in Ibis stock have been vory numerous. G. G. Trlouto sold utfiom la. 3d. to 4a. 3d., and closo about 3'. ljd. Unkn Jack Company bad avery active markot, and advanced fiom 3a, to 13a,, but bave beon dull since, and receded to 8a. Golden Fleece Company have had a steady demand at improving rates, and close firm at a heavy advance; nales from 7s, up to 32s. No. 1 Tribute placed at from 2a. to 4a, Gi. Wellard Heales Company have been another fa, vouiito stock, and sold largely at advanclug price« ; sales from 2a. lOd. up to 15a. Gd , closing firm ; the tilbuto shares roso from Od. to 4a, closing about 3a. Little Britain Company have in ide a hoav ad vanea; salts from 6a. 6d. to 34a., rocedtng to 26a., anu closing with buyers at latter. Brilliant Company advanced from 8s. Gd. to 18a., but close quiet at 10s. Old Chum Company are getting Bploudid yields, and shares bavo risen from 42a. to 47s. North Old Chum have buyors up to 21s. New Chum aud Victoria Tribute havo risen from £2810s. to £44, and closo firm.. Wilson's have had a quiet market at 15a. to 16a. öd. Kent Company bave had an active business at fluctuating ratas ; salea from 2a. Gd. te 4s. 3d., receding to 2a. Od., and oloelngabout 3s. 2d. Kent Tributo rose from 3a. to 7s., and oloao about 5). Od. Numorous transactions have taken place during the month In many of the progressive companies and tributes on tho Garden Gully, G. Q., Golden Fleece, New Chum, Hustler's, and other lines, and though at vory fluctuating rates in many cases, yet generally closing at good advances on opening rete«. Clunes,-New North Clunes have bad a utoady demand, and improved in valuo; Bales from £75 to £80. Clunes Conçois have largely advanced on opening rates ; sales from 26s. 6d, to06a., then down to 4Ga" and finally up to 62a. Gd. Lothalr Company have also made a groat advance during the month ; saloa from 26i tu 60s., closing with sellers at 48a. Lotbair Extended sold al Is1 Od. to Sa. Od-, receding to 2a. 111. Daylesford. Cornish Company changed hinds at £160 and £170, and closo witta buyers at latter prlco; shares held lor £18U. North Cornish were dealt In nt £8 10s. to £8 12a. Gil, and close at £2 17a. Gd. Crown Company sold at l8), to 30a Other Daylesford companies without builnois Stringer's Oicek-Long Tunnel Company bavo hada very firm market; sales from £100 to £105. Long Tunnel Kxtonded havo boon placed at fro J, 6a. Gd. to 10a. Od. Walhalla Company have advanced In prlco .without business; shares scarce and £30obtainable. Konh Gipps Land quiet at £11 sellers. Hopo Com- pany, Wood's Point, have had a limited business at 21s to 22a, Ajax, Castlsmaiuo havo had a good in- quiry for préfèrent shares ; sales from 2a. 01. to 7H. Od. Enterprise Company, Oho» ton, sold at £215. Central Rttergetlc, Lauriston, wauted at £7 ; othor Lauriston cdmpanlea neglected. Tookoy Company, Thames, Now Zealand, bal o bad a much quietor mirkot than usual, arid »ho fluetuations In value havo not boon great; sales of doublo Issue from £28 ti £31, and back to £29. Calliope, Queensland, have changod bands at prlco withheld; tho shares not In general demand. ¡Tbe mining dividends declared du'ing the four weeks (mall pnrlnd) ending September 8 amount to £00,503 10»., of which £62,324 10s. aro from quirtz and £13,074 from alluvial mining companies. The dividends in detail are »8 follow:-For woek ending August JO-Contrai Garden Gully, Sandhurst, 0a, per 2 000th, £000; Golden Floojo Tribute, Sandhurst, Is. Od. per 12 (00th, £1,060; Pandora, Sandhurst, Is. per 28 000'ii, £1,400 ; Wilson's Sandhurst, 6d. por 32,000ih, £800 ; North Garden Gullv. Sandhurst, £200 per 24tb, £4 800 ; Victoria Gold Minos, Sandhurst, la. per 20,274th, £1 013 14s.; Ballway Tribute, Sand- hurst, IO', per 288th, £141; Alma Con-ols, Mary, borough, 2a. por 6,000 b, £600 ; Cornish. Daylesford, £10 per 180 h, £1,800; Galatea, Scarsdale, 10a. per 2 100th, £1,050; Haddon, Haddon, £3 per 64th, £102. For week eodirg August 20 :-Band and Albion Cor sols. Ballarat 2s. Gd. per 22,460th, £2,808 5'.; Bar d of Dope, Maryborough, 2a per 0.000th, £600 ; Seaham, Maryborough, le. ror 6.000th. £300 ; Old Chum, Sandhurst, 2s. por 27 000th, £2,700 ; Garden Gullv United Tribu'e, Sandhurst, 2a. per 23,750th, £2,875; Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, la por 26 422nd, £1,321 2a.; Extended Hustlor's, Sandhurst, 1«. per 28,000th, £1 400 ; North Jvhnson'a, Sandhurst, Cd. por 22,000lb. £560; Unity, Sandhurst, Od. per 20,000th, £600; Pheonix Tributo, Sandhurst, 3d. per 24,000tb, £300; Annabella, Sandhurst, Is. por 3,100th, £166; Alpine, Sandhurst, 6d. per 24,000th, £600; Jly.tlo Creek, Sandhurst, 3d. per 20,000th, £250 ; North Cross Reef, Ploasant Creek, 16s. per 10,000th, £7 600; North Clunes, Clunes, £1 pot 2,050th, £2.050 ; Princo of Wales. Bitlarat, 5a. por 8 343rd. £2085 158. For weok ending Soptembor 2:-Central Garden Gully Tribute, Sandhurst. Us. per 2,000th, £1,100 ; Pheonix, Snndhurst, £16 per 11th, £176 ; Golden Floeco Tributo, Sandhurst, 3a. per 12,000th, £1,800; Victoria Gold Micos Sandhurst, Is. per 20 274'li, £1,01314s.¡UnionTributo,Sandhurst,£0per 1,600 shares, £120 ; Alma Consols, Maryborough, 2a. per 6.000th, £600 ; Golden Lake, Springdallah, 7a. 01. per 1400th, £1,050 ; Golden Stream, Soaradalo, 10s. per 2,000th, £1,000; Gladstone, Haddon, £0 per 40th, £240; North Cornish, Daylesford, 3s. per 3 000th, £450; Haddon, Haddon, £3 psr 01th, £192. For week ending Septembor 8 :-Old Chum, Sandhurst, 29) 6d per 27,000th, £3,375; Pass-by, Bandhurat, £200 per 4th, £800 ; Pandora, Sandhurst, Is, per 24,000th, £1,200; BainbowTribute, Sandhurst, Is. per 23,760th, £1.187 10s.; BOBO of Denmark, Sandhurst, 0d. per 24,CO0th, £000; Unity, Sandhurst, Od. per 20.000th, £600 ; Annabella, Sandhurst, Is. 0d. per 3,100th, £232 10«.; Band of Hope, Maryborough, 2a, Od. per 6,000tb, £750; A'ma Consols, Maryborough, 2s, per O.OOO'.h, £000 ; St. Mungo, Sandhurst, Od, per 22.600th, £582 10s.; Reform, Haddon, 2). nor 8,000th, £800; Long Tunnol, Strlngor'a Creek, £310s. per 2,400th, £8,600. The districts from which the abovo mining dividends wero derived rank as follow in order of amount dis- tributed : - Sandhurst, £82 920 ; Stringer's Creek, £8,000; Pleasant Creek, £7 500: Ballarat, £4.892: Mary- borough, £3,460 ; Clunes, £2,050 ; Scarsdale, £2,050 ; Daylesford, £1,760; Springdallah, £1,650; Haddon, £1,424. Tho total mining dividends for the soveral mall porloda tinco January 1 stand thus ;-Four weoks onding January 28, £47,642 19a.; February 25, £65,710; March 26. £01,287 12a. 81.; April 21, £63,173 10s. lOd. ; Moy IO. £07,092 13s.; June 10, £71,609 19a.; July 16, £78 658 2a. 8d.; August 11, £80,007 18a. 6d.; September 8 £06 298 10s., making a irro»B total for the year to date of £002 260 reported hy r.nbllo companies, and to which a considerable further sum would require to be added for prívalo companies and for public companies not reported. . For latest transactions see report In Commercial column. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORTS. FHIDAY, SEPT. 8. Mr. S. D_ BKEII roports :-" Tho quantities of produce oilorlng for shipment to England during tho post mail month havo been fully upon a par with those of tho same pet tod immediately preceding, tho clearances being numerically tho samo, and which emoraco the Janot Ferguson, Turkish Empire, and Lincolnshire tor London, beeldes the Great Britain (s.S.) for Liver- pool, all with full cargoes, the latter buiug bettor filled up than usual, the number of paasengors on board on the present occasion bolng considerably below tho usual avorago; the amount of treasuro conveyed by her has alBo boon but to a moderate extent, Tbo berth for London la now well occupied for tho reception of the now clip of wool, wblob has recently bosun to arrive In town ; the ships laid on for London comprising tho Mary Shepherd, J. M. Joshua, Newcastle, Kent, York- shire, Duke of Argyll, Moravian, Jerusalem, George Thoropion, Punjaub, Macdui!, Ben Novia, Loch Levon, MU'iadCB, City of Paris, and Lanarkshire. The t« o former aro on tho evo of being despatched, tbe otbors being intended for wool of the now clip. Kates i1 freight to London, as indicated In my last circular, have advanced, and are firm with an upward tendency at tho following flguros, viz :-Wool, f I, and 3d. for greasy and scoured respectively; skins, 66a.; leather, 60s. to 70s.; tallow, 00s. to 70a.; bark (ground) 40B. per 20cwt.; preserved meats, 86a. per 40ÍC The unusually early advent of tho wool season this year cannot but prove advantageous to the interests of shipowners tor several lnoruhB hence at hast, and there ia every probability of agents securing a further advance lo rates Immediately the receipts of wool are la more tangible quantity than has jet boen tho CBBO. At commencement of last year's season a greater number of ships were up for London than is at present the case ; besides, at that period we had about 7,000 tons register in tho bay un- provided for, with a consldorab.e amount on the pas sago cut ; whl'o on tilla occailon there is scarcely any thing suitablo disongagod (with exception of the Great Victoria, and she, in terms of tho captain's present Intention, will shortly proceed to Calcutta) and but a comparatively limited numbor on the way ; and there I le every probability of our South Australian neigh- bours shortly commencing to Bhlp the bulk of their surplus wheat to England, and thoy must look to this port tor the greator portion of the tonnage thoy may require Such a combination of favourablo circum stances as has beon onumaratcd ought, with propor management, to lead to Improved freights, as woll as a continuance of them, such as I havo ventured to predict. Thore has boen a consi- derable improvement in general chartering busi- ness, the numbor offeatod being greatly in excess of thoso advised during the proceding month, tho following comprising tho transactions completed, viz :-ïho ship Duke of Argyll, general cargo to London on prlvato terma, foi the roaoh of tho ship ; ship Marpesla, 1,441 tons, horses to Madras and Cal- cutta, at a lump sum, Bald to be £1,460 ; ship Oorllc, 843 tons, to load sleepers, copper, and horses at Adolaido for Calcutta, at £1,200; Kana, 824, and PrlnceSB Allco, 199 tons, to load breadstuffs at Ade- laide for Mauiltlus-the loi mor at £380, the latter at £260 ; French barque Arakau, 892 tona, Adelaide to Calcutta, with alcepers and copper, £700 ; Norwegian baraue hkiold. Nowcastlo to Colombo, at 24s. : Moas Glen, Newcastlo to Manilla with coals, at 28s. Gd., and bjick to Molbourno with sugar, on terms kept private ; Ann Lucy, 270 ton», with coals from abovo port to Slngoporo, at 20s.; Chasca, 007 tons, coals, New- castle to Batavia, at 15a. ; Fronch Bhlp Bor dcaux, 013 tona, sleepers, from Western Am tralla to Calcutta, £1,000; Norwegian ship Helga, 603 touB, guano, Malden Island to United Kingdom, 67a. Gd. per ton. Tonnage is in roquent to load coats at Newcastle, and a fair amount could bo placed (rho want of tonnage, howover, precluding transactions) al 28a. Hong Kong, 33a. Shaiigiai, 18a. Galle, 22s. Maid.la, 16'. to 20s. Java, 25j. Bombay, 33a. dan Fran cleco, and 30a. for Honolulu, With oxceptions of tho chartors of the Marposla end Corlio abovo reforrod to, there are no other transactions to bo ropurted with respect to engagements for horaos. Sluco my last tho brig Sarah bas boon despatched to Mauritius with a load on owner's account, and The Douglas has alco left for Calcu'.ta with a large number, her full accommodation being occnpicd ; while the Apelle«, for same des.lnatlon, la about leaving-alBo witta a full complement. Owing to the scarcity of ships, and the high tatos of freight ruling in India, no transactions to load biroo fiom thence have taken place; and, Indeed unless very tempting figures were offered, any disengaged Bill ps would prefer going free. The Kngllah and American mall via San Francisco and P'jl reached Sydney on Thursday forenoon last, per uteauior City of Adelaide, In 20 days from tbo former pon. and letters for Molbourno should bo delivered on Monday morn- ing, being about the due time. Wa have now no ICSB than three mail linea of Btoamers per month-viz. the P. and O. Compauy, via Gallo, and two others via San Francisco. Ono of them, owned by an Amorlcan company, called Webb's Uno, terminates at Auckland in New Z uland, and correspondence is transmlttod to all the moro populous Eeaport towns throughout the Ulanda by M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Oo.'s steamers ; tho other (Ball's), worked by steamers belonging to the A.S.N. Company, of Sydney, comes to Sydney direct, vl.1 Honolulu and Fiji. It is djlficult, in the meantime, to seo bow even ono of the Amorlcan Unca can pay without receiving large subsidio?, there being acareo y any traffic except in passengers, and that only limited, with Hitlo mercbandlio of a description ablo to pay a mail steamer's freight, and probably no treasure an item which goes a considerable way in swelling tbo annual receipt* of the P. and O. Company. Ia tho Intercolonial trado no chango worthy of notlco bas occurred, 14a. being still freely offered for coals from Newcastle to Hobson's Bay." Messrs. ALFRED Wot)M.BVandGo.roport:-"In con- tinuation cf tiur advices of the 12th ult. we havo now to advise tho successful termination of the negotiations then in progress. The month's business, considering the limited numbor of arrivals, ia of very fair exteut, and briB about absorbed the whole of the available tonnage, ae there are but few ships in port now disen- gaged. Rates of freight have been Orm'y upheld, and in general are, if anything, firmer, especially in home- ward voyages. In coal chartors thorohaa nothing what- ever been doing for India, China, or San Francisco, not- withstanding that tonnage is in eager request at our quotations. For London.-An active business his been done at a marked Improvement in rates. Tho de- partures comprise the Turkish Empire, Janet Fer- guson, and Lincolnshire ; and the berth is occupied by tbo J. M. Joshua, Kout, Mary Shophord, and Duko of Argyll, filling up with wool and general cargo ; with the Moravian, George Thompson, Jerusa- lem, Macouff, Punjaub, Ben Nevis, and Newcastle ltdd on for the new clip, which U now coming foiwaid in quantity. Tho Loch Leven and Lanatkshiro proceed to Geelong to load there. The Beason bas opened at Jd. per lb. for clean wool, and, in tbo opinion tf maoy, a further lncreaeo will follow, but it is promaturo to mako any prediction aa to the futuro of this market, until aftor the next Indian advtaes roach ua. Our last news from that quarter indicated a short supply of tonnage for requirements, which muat hare an important bearing upon operations boro. For Liverpool.-Tbe Great Brltaiusailed on the 80:h ult. with à full cargo of generar merchandise, and 210 pnssongers. For Calcutta -The Marpesla has been fixed to load hero, oiling at Madras ; the Bordeaux in Western Australia and the Ooriic and Arakan in Adelaide- The Apollos now loading proceeds via Madras, tho Great Victoria has not yot secured a cargo. For Bombay there has boen no- thing done eithor in direct or coal charters. For Singapore.-The Ann Lucuy was engaged to load coal In Newcastlo. For Colombo.-The Skjold ac- cepted a freight thither with coal. For Manilla.-The Mosa Glen takes on coal, and has an optional cbartor back. For Batavia.-Tbo Chasca obtaluod a oharter to load at NowcoBtlo. For the Mauritlui.- Tho Kassa and Princess Alice went round to Adolaido to load breadstuff?, undor engagements entered into hero. For Maldon Island.-The Helga se- cured a guano cargo to Europe. Sale.-Wodonga, 298 registered, classed 8-3 Veritas, for £2 200. Freights.-Molbourne to London-Tallow, 05s. to 70a.; case moats, 45s. to 60s. ; treac'o, 15a. por cask ; ground bark, 66s. ; leather, Jd. por lb. ; wool, greasy, gd. per lb. ; fleece, §d. per lu. ; antimony, 6a. per ton. S.A. ports to London-Wool, gd. greasy, and Jd. washed. Callao to Europa, 66'. per ton guano," Newcastlo to Shanghai, 85a. ; Hong Kong, 28a. ; baa Francisco, 33s.; Bombay, 26'.; Yokohama, 32a.; Calcutta, 10a. ; Java, 17s. ; Galle, 20a. ; Manilla, 23a. ; Singa- pore, 20s." MELBOURNE LIVE STOCK MARKET. FRIDAY, SEPT. 8. Messrs. DALKAIIOY CAMPIIKMI and Co. report : "Fat Stock.-Ibis mar ko t has been by no means cx'.esBively supplied, 6,770 cattle and 81,222 sheep having passod through tho yards during tho last four weeks; I tit notwithstanding this, as well as tho rise in' the value of wool, prices for cattle have receded considerably, whilst sheen have only maintained last month's currencies, which is entirely owing te the curtailment in the operations of the meat-preserv- ing companies, the latter having a most depressing effect upon tho market. We quote best beef up to 20s. per 1001b., and 601b. wethers 18a , 601b. owes 10a. No shorn sheep offering yot. Wo have this week sold 106 cattle for Mr. Wm. Robertson, Colac, at £8 18a.; 210 for Mr. Joseph Smith, Lach'an River, at £712s. Gd. bullocks, and £0 6s cows ; 103 bullocks, for Mr. Wm. Pearson, Kilmany park, at £6 11s.; and 20 head for Messrs. E. L. Sim- mons, Cusack, and others, from Gipps Land ; 1,604 wethers for Mr. John Dickson, Caroonboon, 13s. 4½d to 13s. 6d.; 1,199 ewes and wethers for Mr. Jas. Tyson, Tupra, Ila. to 18s. Od ;. 1,886 do. for Mossrs. Watt and Thomson, Cocketgedong, from Da. Od. to 11s. Od.; 1,001 wolhors for the Hon. John O'shanassy, Moira, at 11B. 6d.; 607 wethers tor tho Hon. W. J. T. Olarko, Bolinda Vale and Rockbank, 11s. up to 16a ; 419 wethera, Mr. Wm. Taylor, Kel'or, at from IDs. to 11s.; sod a Btriall draft of ewe) for Mr, D. Fiott, Pentland Hllle." MELBOURNE MARKETS, WEDNESDAY, SEPT. C. THE MILLS. There has been a slightly better feeling ovincod among bakers and rotall dealers within tbo last day or two, but transactions aro still limited, and prices remain as follow ¡-Flour, £16 to £15 10s.; pollard, la. 4d. to Is. Od. ; bran, la. 8d.; oatmeal, £21 ; pearl barley, £20. RETAIL MARKETS. Butter and rgga are a shade better, but prlcOB are still cheap, and inferior qualltloa aro with difficulty disposed of. In other ltema thoro la no alteration to note. Quotations are:-Beef, 4d. to Cd. per lb. ; mutton, 2Jd. to 4}d- per lb. ; veal, 6d. per lb.; pork, 8d. per lb. Poultry.-Fowls, Is. to 6s. per pair; goese, 8a. to lis. do.; ducks, 6s. to 6s. Cd. do.; turkeys, 9s. to 22s. do. Dalry Produco. Cheese, Od, to Is. 4d. per lb. ; eggs, 9d. to Is 2d. per doten; butter, 8d. to lid. per lb ; bread, 7d. to 8d per 41b loaf ; milk, Cd. per quart ; hams, Is, Id. to 1B 8d. per lb.; bacon, lid. to 1B. 2d. per lb. -ASTERN MARKET. Tho market was supplied with only a limited stock ot vcgeiablo produce this morning. Tbero was a fair attendance of purchasers-, but the disposition to purchase was not very marked, and the quantity of goods broi"zht forward was sufficient for current wants. The following were the ruling rates: Vegetables.-Artichokes, Id. per lb. ; beet, Od. to lOd. por dozen ; bouquoti, 8s. Cd. to 7s. Od. per dozen ; brocoli, Is. to 4a per dozen ; cabbages, 6d. to 2s. per dozt I ; cairo», 6d. to 8d. per dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, Od. to Sa. Cd. per dozen j celery, Is. to Sa. per dozen bunches; ores», water, Od. per dozou bunches j garlic, Od. per lb. ; horseradish It. to la. fier dozen; lavender, Od.t per dozen hunchee; et ka, Cd. per dozen bunches; lettuces, Id. to Od. per dozen ; marjoram, Od. per dozen bunches ; mint, Od. to 8d. per dozen bunches; onions, dried, 10a. to Us. per cwt; do., green, 6d. per dozen bunches ; parsley, Od. io 8d. per dozen bunches: orerlan; Serman; ' ) an ; Br, / luo ; br., J parsnips. Gd. to Is. por dozen hunches; peas, 3}d. to «d. per lb. ; potatoes, 8s. to 4s. Od. per uwt. . n dishes, 4d. to 6d. per dozen bunchos ; sago, Od. to la. per dozen bunches; savoys Od. to Is. Gd. nor dozen; shallots, Gd. per dozen bunchos; spi- nach, 2d, por lb. ; thymo, 8d. per dozen bunchoi - turnips, 4d. to 8d. per dozon bunchos. Fruits. Oranges, 4d. to Od. per dozen ; lemons, Gd. per dozen; pears, 4d. per lb. Dalry Produce.-Butter, 7d. to Od. per lb. ; cheese, Gd. to 8d. per lb. ; ducks, 8a. Gd. to 4s. Gd. per pair ; eggs, Od. to lOd. per dozon; geese, 8s. to 10s. per pair ; hens, 3«. to 4e. per pair ; oney, 8d. per lb. ; pigeons, is to la, Od. per pair; pork. Gd. to8d. per lb. ; rabbits, Is. Gd. to 2s. Gd.por pair; tucking pigs, 7s..to 10a. each; turkeys, 10s. to 20s. per pair ; hams, 8d. to Is. per lb.; bacon, Gd to 8d. per lb. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCB OUR LAST SUMVARV [0,, British ; A.. American ; AU , Austrian ; Da * Danish; D., Dutch; F., Fruuoh; Ob., Chilian; P."'' Fortugueee; H., Hamburg; Iln., Hanorerlan 1., Italian : N., Nornoniau ; N. G., German S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Bolg., Belgian ; " * Bremen; R., Russian; s., ship; b,, barquo . brig; se, schooner; s.a., steamer.') ' August ARRlVEU. 12 Goorgo Thompson, B. s., 1,127, Wm. Shopherd, London.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. l8. Punjaub, B. s, 883, C. J. Breary, Barrow, Lan- caster.-Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 14\. Marquis of Argyle, B. »., 5iG, W. M'Kovan, Hong Kong -L, Kong Meng and Co. 15 Lanarkshire, B. o, 1,430, J; Ogilvie, Londoj.-. Holmes, White and Co. 17\. Kent, B. s., 020, Wm. Newman, London_W. P. White and Co. 17\. Mary Miller, B, b , 271, James Taylor, Hong Kong. B. Towns and Oo. 10\. ObaBCa, A. b., 607, H. N. Orockott, Boston. Nowell and Co. 20\. Golconda, B. b, 400, JBB. Thomson, Charente, Bligh and Harbottle. 20, Sarah, B. br., 282, John Catto, Mauritius.-Joshua. Brothers. 24\. City of Paris, B B" 000, Coll M'Donald, London. Bright B. others and Co. 24\. Rachel, B. b., 282, Robert Firth, Foo-cbow-too, Connell, Watson, and Hogarth. 26\. Newcastle, B. B., 1137, O. E. Le Poer Trench, London.-J. IL White and Co. 20\. Rangoon, R.M.S S., 1,774, N. J. Skottowe, Gallo. F. B, Kendall. 27\. Vision, B. br., 150, J, Cummins, Foo-chow-foo -, F. W. Prell and Co, SO. Charlotte Andrews, B. b., 356, Jaa. W. Van dor Vorde, Hong Kong,-L. Kong Meng and Co. SO. F. J. Spence, B. b., 637, Alex. Storey, London. Spence Brothers and Co. Bopt 1\. Arakan, F. b., 804, E. Plcgoux, Ga'cutta.-Lange and Thoneman. 1\. Miniado*, B. s., 1,452, R. A. Perrett, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 4\. Bon Nevis, B. s., 1,000, A. M'Potrlo, Glasgow. M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 6\. Pilnco Vlutor, B. b., 202, F. B. Francis, Maldon. Island.-Gilco, Sumner, and Co. 7\. Joan Sands, B B" 032 tons, Geo. P. Le Fevre» Hong Kong.-L. Kong Mong and Co. Aug. CLEARED OUT. 13\. Avoca, B, M.8.S., 1,581, A. B. Farquhar, Galle F. B. Kondall. 14\. Esmeralda, F. b" 384, K. de Gouyon, Amboyna, via Newcastle.-Victoria Sugar Company. 18\. Janet FerfcUvon, B. s" 581, D. Hitcblo, London. Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. l8. Sea Nymph, B. BO., 130, G. Kamlnskl, Natal. Turnbull, Smith, aud Co. l8. Princess Alice, B. BC, 100, W. Sim, Guam.-Turn- bull, Smith, and Co. 10\. The Douglas, B. B" 1,428, J. Wilson, Calcutta. Captain Wilson. 22\. St. Kilda, B. so., 189, J. H. Gill, NataL-Spence Brothers and Co. 23\. Turkish Emplro, B. s., 1.602, J. H. Barc'ay, Lou.. don.-Wm Crosby and Co. 24\. Kassa, B. b , 825, J. Le GroB, Mauritius via Ade- laide-F. Meyer. 20\. LiccoliiBhlre B. t.. 1,025, Edwin Daves, London. W. P. White and Co. 20\. Anio Lucoy, B, br., 270, Wm. Noble, Singapore. 8\. do Beer. 28\. Helena, B. EC, 140, R. Nicoll, Levuka.-Wm. Duthie. 20\. Great Britain, B. s.s , 1,705, J. Gray, Llvorpool. Bright Brothers and Co. Bopt. 1\. Loch Leven, B. s., 1,109, W. Branscombo, London,. vlft Goolong.-Holm»s, White, and Co. 1\. Helga, N. *., 603, O Zechailason, Guam.-Andor eou and Marshall. 6\. Sarah, B. b., 233, T. H. Robson, Mauritius, Joshua Brothers. 6\. Chasca, A. b., 007, H. K. Crockett, Batavia, vfä Nowcaatlo.-Nowell and Co, SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. AUU 13. Avoca, H.M.9.8, for Point do Gallo, via King George's Sound -100 bags flour, 04 paokages butter, 10 packages cheese, 147 packages preserved moats, 16 tierces beef, 1 package bacon 3 packages planta and seeds, 2 packageB skins, 7 packages jams, 7 packages potatoes, 2 packages bone dust, 4 casks tallow, 22 packages sundries-for Galle. Atro l8. Jonot Ferguson, for Londm- 420 bales wool, 671 casks tallow, 43 casks roans, 82 erinka sains, 16 casks butler. 38 cases lard, 108 bales pelts, 00 bales leather, 4,870 cases preserved meats, 21 batea raga, 168 bales flax, 2 casks cinders, 1,600 horns, 27 tons 1 bags bones, 6 packages sundries. Sea Nymph, (or Natal.-1.000 bags flour, 100 bags wheat, 20 cases biscuits, 20 caska manure, 21 caica preserved meats. Ano 10. The Douglas, for Calcutta.-01 cases butter, 60 cases preserved moats, 12 cases provisions, 8,405 Blecpora, 172 telegraph posts, 1,795 piecoa timber, 494 bales hay, 220 bales draff, 6 cases biscuits, 200 bags bran, 2,837 tilca copper, 2 cases jam, 85 water-tanks, 145 horses. AUO 22. St. Kilda, for Natal.-2,249 bagB 70 half-bags flour. Arjo 23. Tuilish _mplro, for London.-071 halos wool, 100 tons copper, 1,026 casks tallow, 8 920 cases preserved meat, 337 halos leather, 690 bags bark, 12 casks roans, 2 casks skins, 148 bales scrolls pelts _c, 165 casks beef, l8 casks lard, 00 casks butter, 100 tona bonos, 61 cwt. shank bones, 80,601 horns, 800 hhds. molassoa, 09 bales flax, 200 bales rags and rope, 19 cases tobacco, 9 balea papor, 279 blocks tpoltcr, 1 caso cheese. AUG. 20. Lincolnshire, for London.-1103 bales wool, 333 casks tallow, G casks 2 086 casoB proaerved meata, 3 cases csEenco ot boef, 6 caaos salt provisions, 2 cases choose, 6 coses plants, 410 casks 24 kegs 10 cases butter, 108 bales scrolls, 20 packages basils, 101 balea leather, 1 cases beeswax, IO casks sperm oil, 32 casks black sand, 609 blocks 1 cauo antimony regulus, 1 961 bags antimony oro, 62 packages »kins, lu packages effects, 2 packages (a buggy ), 25 bags wheat, 8 hhds. 2 octavos 1 qua. tor-casks 2 cases wine, 3 packages sundries, 66 cases tobaoco, 2 hor*T, Ann Lucoy, for (¡in^nptiro -36 casos tobacco, 84 casks manure, 200 bogs Sour, 05 caica proaeriol men's. A tia 28 Helena, for Levuka (Fiji).-19 packages aundrloa, 86 packages tobacco and duart1, 12 quarter-casks wino, 11 bags salt, 26 hage flour, 83 oasks 2 ullage casks bottled beer. 8 barrels alcohol, 13 grlndxtouea, 3 packarea leather belting, l8 packages m»chiuery,24 agricultural Implements, 15 package« drut's und druggists' ware, 2 packages containing a sodawater machine, 52 cases 48 tina biscuits. _uo 20. Grear. Bri'aln, s.S., for Llverr. oo!.-1,072 balea wool, 22 pipes tallow, 8 packsgos sundries, 2 512 bags birk, 7 packages i fleets, 8 casts personal effects, 8 packages merchandise, 1 case silver plate, 2 oases preserved mea-s, 8 cases wine, 2 boxes apparel, 2 casks gold- smiths' sweeping», 2 cases glasiwaro, 3 packages^ papers, 1 cases colonial wine, a quantity of plants. SEIT. 6 Sarah, for Mauritius.-12 tous fodder, 72 kegs butter, 20 casos homB and bscon, 12 cases cheese, 61 tierces beof, 60 baga bran, 21 horse». SKIT. 8. Chasca, for Batavia via Newcastle-27 casks bone dust, 387 bags Hour, 10 cases butter, 1 case cigars, for Batavia. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. FRIDAY, SKPT. 8. Amount of Loan. £ 1000000 800000 100000 10000 600C0 80300 186400 163300 100000 ,21700 200CO Viet. Gov. Rlwy. Ooeal), 6 por con- vict Government (local), 6 por cent. Melbourne Corporation, 0 per cent Ballarat Water. 8percent... Ballarat Municipal, 6 percent. .. Collingwood Gas, 0 per cont. Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent. Melb. _ H. B. United, 8 per oont. Do., 7 por cent. . Do., O per cent. . Do., 6 per cent. .. .. - Bendigo Waterworks, 6 per cont .. Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. £ 1131-111 1044-106 106-107} 102 1051 106.-10S 103-101 94 96 3 - ti CQ £ £ 65000 10 10 437500 10 220000 10 100600 10 600000 .6 1000000 20 600000 60 60000 10 .0000 10 24S08 6 14000 6 76000 6 2980 10 24480 6 ( 5 210000 1 fi Uo 126000 6 25000 5 40000 6 16260 _. 100000 6 4000C 60 100000 50 4S038 6 17876 10 87600 10 88400 _ 12838 60 1200C 1 7000 20 634700 60 PUBLIC Co_r_nn_. BABK8. Bal. Bankg. (limit) Do., now issue .. .'Colonial of Austral. ï.Cornmorcial of Aus | tralla (limited) 2,Melb. Bank Corpo | ration (limited) .. 4,National of Austral. 20,Ncw South Wales. ". JVictorla(Mol.reg.) ¿a i Do. (London reg.) 2 Land Mortgage GAS COMPAS IBS. 7 Ballarat 6 Bendigo 6Castlomaino 6 Collingw'd-Fitzroy OjDaylesford (limited) 4,Geelong .. ah B ( 6' > Melbourne < «J I iKgnnAiccB. 2V Austral. Fire _ Mar. Australasian Life .. Australian Allianco. National Fire Insur. Southern Insurance Victoria Life _ Con. Victoria Fire & Mar. -ISOKLLANBOUB. Bendigo Watcrwork Gipps Lnd. StoamN, Maritime & Gonoral CroditCo. (Limit) Molb. Meat Presrvg. MelbournoExeli'ngo Studley Park Bridge Victorian Ice RAILWAYS. Molb._Hob.Bay Ud. Last air. per cont, per annum. 10 8 IS 10 10 12 6 6 12 8 8 8 121 10 6 8 121 Closing Prices. ei-es 8g81 6Ï 34a. 10 9J-10 1J-1L SÎ-Si 8 81 81 6 12 J«.-8s. _6e.-17_ 10s. 2>.-2}s. 16}s-l7a., 2*3 '* 80-31 10a «?ii SHI 17 1810 U-17 Printed and published by Huon GIOBO«, at Tan-' AftaT Office, CollinB-street. Melbourne; for WlL-OH smd __.C-_t~ON, proprietor!!. 