The Courier. PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY, AUQUST 25, 1871. In referring to Mr PALMER's bill for the redistribution of the representation, we alluded to some of the objections which have been raised to any system which de- pended upon mere territorial or geo- graphical division Some years since, the attention of able and thoughtful men was turned to the evils which result from the working of such a system, more especially in the almost entire extinction from the Legislature of any fair expression of the opinions of minorities. But the înquiry, once begun, did not stop there. In seriching for a remedy for one evil, others were disclosed; and it was not long before the great want of guiding principles which pervades most of what are called consti- tutional representative systems became ap- parent. The development of the principle of representation, to use the language of the Edinburgh Review, " is as much the function of the future as the origination and progress of the principle has been the achievement of the past. We have here our test of the venerable and the obsolete ; of the use and the abuse ; of what is to be abolished and what retained. We have a guiding star for the work of reformation. " After the general election for the lm- penal Pairiament in 1857, Mir. THOMAS HARE, a barrister, who had been before known in philosophic circles as a man ot great capacity, "fltted alike for large general views and for the contrivance of practical details," published a pamphlet entitled " The Machinery of Representa- tion, " in which the princinple subsequently elaborated in a larger work was first directly advocated. In a second edition published in the same year that principle was furteri illustrated and ex- plained. In 1859, the first edition of the now celebrated volume on "The Election o! Representatives" was issued, and reached a third in 1865 ; Mr. HARE taking ad- vantage of every fresh publication to add further lilustrations, and to meet and re- move the grounds of such objections to his views as had been made. In the mean- time men of great ability in England, on the Eropean Continent, in America, an in these colonies, had directed their atten- tion to his proposals. JOHN STUART MILL and ROBERT LOWE early expressed a very high approval of them, and Professor FAWCETT (Professor of Political Economy in the University of Cambridge), in 1860, published a pamphlet, in which the system as then known was simplified and ex- plained. "The more," says Mr MILL, " these works are studied, tho stronger, I venture to predict, will be the impression ol the perfoct feasibility of the scheme and its translucent advantages. Such and so numerous are they that in my conviction they place Mr. HARE's plan among the very greatest improvements yet made in the theory and practice of government" ln 1862 a committee of the Legislative Council of New South Wales appointed to consider a bill to make that House elecfive, of which committee Mr. WENTWORTH was chairman, reported in favor of the adoption of the system as then riomulgated, and the measure embodying it passed the Council bv a majonty of 11 to 4. In the Legis- lative Assembly the second leading was carried by 21 to 20, but a Ministerial change took place and nothing further was done. In Victoria, in 1863, the system was discussed in a debate on an electoral reform, when Mr. HIGGINBOTHAM, Mir.DUFFY, Mr. O'SHAUGHNESSY , and Mr. DENISTOUN WOOD spoke strongly in its favor in a house dogmatically opposed to what it did not understand, and apparently, from its measures, of not very clear or very comprehensive perception ; so nothing re- sulted from the discussion. In America the principle has been gradually gaining ground, as supplying an antidote to that bitterness of party strife which so often and so unhappiljly usurps the place of poll- tical conduct; and, as we recently noticed, the system has, where adopted, as in the state of Illinois, met with unanimous ap- proval. In these colonies it is again ex- citing considerable discussion ; and, as the prèsent Premier of Victona has expressed himself in its favor, it is probable that its principle may be embodied in any fresh scheme of Parliamentary re-distribution there One of the most remarkable instances of undesigned coincidence of idea by eminent men has been furnished by the history of the Danish electoral system. While Mr. HARE was pondering over and slowly ela- borating his scheme in England, one similar in almost every respect had been brought into practical operation in Denmark, in the election of the Rigsraad, or Supreme Legis- lative Council of the Kingdom. This was adopted at the instance of M. ANDRAE, Minister of Finance, in 1855. Writing in 1865, Mr. HARE was able to say, on the testimony of indisputable authority, that ten years' experience of its working had proved eminently satisfactory ; that it " had facilitated the introduction to the National Legislature of men of the highest character and intelligence, and was workig a cor- responding improvement in the constituent bodies. " And here it is necessary to remark that the prevaient idea that Mr HARE's system is one to secure the representation of mino- rities, is an erroneous one. Its author is especially emphatic in his protest against such a mistake. "Every detail of this scheme converges to one central point— that of making the exercise of the suffrage a step in the elevation of the individual character, whether it be found in a majority or a minority. " While in effect securing free scope for the action of mino- rities, that is only one advantage incidental to a scheme which claims to possess higher and more important merits;—to substitute for the local and party influences which have such great eftect within the narrow limits of ordinary electoral districts the direct per- sonal obligation upon every voter through- out a State of choosing the best men in it to represent him in the LegisIature;—to destroy the unjust influences of party organisation, and to substitute for them a spontaneity of expression emanating from the coincident as distinguished from the concurrent opinions of the constituencies As the foundation of the theory upon which his system is based, Mr HARE lays down tne principie that the possession of the suffrage involves not only the exercise of a right, but the performance of a duty, and that in proportion as this is more clearly apprehended and more highly appre- ciated, so will that be more beneficial. The heightening of this sense of duty would follow from a deeper feeling of per- sonal responsibility in the electors. This again would be promoted by enlarging the limits of choice : by, instead of narrrowing the selection of electors to one or two out of three or four persons whose nomination or candidature in a given district might have originated in merely local influences, connections, or interests, extending it to the whole range of candidates throughout the State. Such an extended list must necessarily include not only more in num- ber but a higher diversity of excellence from which to choose. The higher the standard of excellence the more necessary will it be for those who have to compare to qualify themselves for the task. An elector would become accustomed to con- sider not merely the comparative merits of JOHN ROBINSON. and ROBERT JONES—both local candidates, and possibly neither fitted by character or education for the position of a representative—but the merit of both as measured against the ablest and best known public men of the colony. Such a comparison would require higher qualifica- tions than are limited within the local boundaries of territorial division. Not what a man might be in his peculiar dis- trict, but what he would be in the great public Council of his country, would become the question for consideration. A Repre- sentative Assembly chosen under such a system would, Mr HARE asserts, be a reflex of the feeling and intelligence of the people, and could not fail to be gradually elevated in charactei by the constant operation of that process of comparison which is so powerful in every department of science as well as by the introduction of the most distinguished men, and the elimination of those of an inferior class; for all deliberative and legislative purposes there can be little question of its value, nor less of its total incompatibility with these local prejudices and influences which now so cramp the action and impede the course of general legisla- tion. The severance cf local administra- tion from the general Government would not so much follow as become contempo- raneous with the adoplion of Mr HARE's system M e have just glanced at the histoiy and geneul pnuciplcs of the scheino Ibu fclicitj and wealth of illustiation aud aigument bj which Mr. ILvRr'sexposition is accompanied aro of tom so bejond our limits, wero tin j within our powei , but tho details of the an auge mont by which ho pioposc to t urj lus plan into piactical etlect, nmlilKtl m somo lospects to meet the spinal uquiieiueiit of our sufhago and modo of voting, may not unprohtablj be pi cheated to out readers for then con- sideration Madame Mallalieu's concert at the Sohool of Arts InBt night was unquestionably the most completo and cnpyablo treat that has been afforded to tho people of Brisbuno for a long timo past. Tho progiammo was a very good ono Tho order of the pieces was arranged with excellent effect ; the chorus, though not a large one, »as well balanced, and did credit to Herr Rosonstongol for tho careful ti arning they had evidently hud. Although a majority of tho perform« a were amateurs, there was no symptom of that nervousnea and awkwardness which aro bo often noticeable m amateur performances oveiy ono seemed to know exactly what to do, and did it with a self possession and spirit that were positively refreshing Iheio was not tho »lightest hitch from first to last, and tho render- ing of the different pieces was singularly equal in mci it The attendance w is not so largo as might havo been expected, but the reserved eoats wore well filled, and the audionca was an appreciative ono. Tho overture, "Abduction " was carefully rendered, and Hi A Wilkio's arm from "Sonnambulo," "All is lost," which followed, was sung with admirable tasto and judgment After tho chorus, " With tho Sun Sheltering " (very nentlyrondcrcd), carno Rosollen'apianoforto eolo, "Don Pasquale," which gavo Madame Mallahou a fino opportumtj of di»plajmg hor brilliant execution and perfect mastery of tho instrument. An irresistiblo encore waa de- manded, which was responded to by playing a pretty little galop, " Fairy Bolls " Tho duett, " Take this King," by Mrs J. W. Wilkie and Mr. A. Wilkio, was nicely sung, the moat noticeable feature being tho perfect blending of tho two voicea. Then followed Thalberg'a pianoforte solo, " Finale," by Madame Malla lieu, tho excellent rendering of which brought down a storm of enthusiastic applause. The chorus " From Home " concluded tho first part of tho performance. The spirited " Marcho du Saore," from " La Prophète," which commenced the Becond part, was noticeable for the excellent time and precision with which it waa given. Then followed the chorus, "Blest Stunt in Ilcaven," veiy mcoly rondered, after which Mrs. Wilkio sang " Tho Manner's Daughter," and received an encore, that was responded to by the pretty song, " Love mo, if I live," which was dccidodly tho beat rendered of the two. A piano and clarionet duct by Madame Mallaheu and Herr Von Kosa succeeded, and tho result waa a treat of no ordinary kind. Tho spirited solo and chorus from " The Bohemian Girl," " O what full Delight," was givon with excellent precision aud effect, after which the duot "Flow gentle Dova," waa admirably rendorod by Mr. A. Wilkio and a well known gentleman amateur. In our judgment this was tho Tooal gem of the evening. A piano solo, "Homo, sweot Home," played with tho loft hand only, by Madama Mallahou, was beautifully rendered, and ohcited aaothei encore, which was responded to. The " Wacht am Rhoiu," arranged as a quartott, tho " Marseillaise " as a solo, and tho National Anthem as a chorus, brought the concort to ft very successful oloso. It is but justice to Mr. Anderson to mention that his excellent accom- paniment added in no small degreo to tho suc- cess of tho concert. A wiall was very genorally expressed at tho conclusion that tho programme should be repeated at no distant dato. In consequouco of the repairs at present being procoeded with at tho Wharf street Baptist Church, divino eoruco will be hold at tho School of Arts on Sunday next We understand that His Excolloncy tho Governor and a small party will proceed to Woogaroo by tho Kate, steamer, to day, for the purposo of visitmg tho Lunatic Asylum at that placo. A WELL-ATTENDED meeting of Irishmen was held on Wednesday night, at the Town Hall, for the purpose of forming a Hibernian Associa- tion, upon the model of the Caledonian Society. The object of the association, as stated by the rules, is to foster love of the country to which they owe their origin, promote good feeling and fellowship amongst Irishmen and their descend- ants of all denominations, and to afford advice and assistance to Irish immigrants arriving in the colony. It is also purposed to form a benefit Socicty in connection with with the organisation. The rules, which closely resemble those of the Caledonian Society, were adopted, and about thirty persons signed the roll of membership. Dr. O'Doherty was con- stituted President, and Messrs. R. T. Atkin, M. L A. , and H. E. King, Vice-Presidents. A directory of twelve gentlemen was also formed to conduct the affairs for the next six months, when it is proposed to hold an election for ofllcers. A general public meeting of the body will be held in about a month. The following is the summary of meteoro- logical observations taken at the Station, Bris- bane, during the month of July :—The weather has been a little warmer than usual during the month ; the mean shade temperature, 59.77 degs., being 2 0 degs. over the average of the previous nino years. The highest reading in shade, 85.5 degs., was on the 18th; the lowest on grass, 31.0 degs., was on the night of the 20th, being the only occasion the temperature reached freezing point since August 8, 1870. The barometric readings have been about the average; the highest, 30.455, was at 9 p.m. on the 31st, and the lowest, 29.701, at 8 p m. on the 18th. Rain fell moderately during the month , the maximum fall during twenty-four hours, 1.97 inch, was on the 5th. A CHASOE of some importiuico to trade and tho public generally was to haio como into eilect ni the United Kingdom ufier tho 30th June, post office olllcmls beiug no longer allowed to puichu«o stumps after that dite. Tho largo business that has hitherto boen conducted by using postago stamps as a circulating medium will now bo much restricted, and tho rovenue bo lucroased to a coiiosnondiug extent bj the commissions on Post ellice orders Oid colonists will regret to bo luformed of tho death of Mr. Oeorro Sjnnot, at London, tele- graphic nena of «Inch »as forwarded from Ceylon by tho last mail steamer. Mr. Synnot armed at Port Phillip from Tasmania m 1837, aud after undergoing tho vicissitudes of the life of a pioneer squatter, established a largo wool broking busmoss at Geelong. Ho was tho owner of tho wcll-knonu station of Cowl Cowl on tho Lachlan, which was undor the rxauagement of hi* «¡doit «on. )h DnniNO the debate on the Address in tho Legislative Oounoil of South Australia, on tho 2nd instant, the Chief Secretary referred to tho unsatisfactory nature of the agreement entered into between the Government and the British Austrian Telegraph Company Alluding to> tho povor given to the Company to lay s cable from Po > Darwin to Burketown, should tho South Amt ral ian land line not be completed by the 31st December, he said -" It appeared, therefore, that if the Government did not etnotly perform their part of the contract, the company could withdraw from it, go that there was not that reciprocity of interest which wai desirable. The object of the company was no doubt to protect itself, so that if the Government failed in complying with tho conditions they might uso tho cable as they hkod But 'the Agent General had no doubt done his best to secure all tho advantages he could to the colony, and they wore now bo entirely committed to th» undertaking that tbey could not withdraw from it There was no other course open to them but to sign the agreement It was not prob- able that the company would take advantage of any slight delay which might arise in completing the line " Perhaps, after all, the best security the South Australians have that the company will not insist on the strict fulfilment of the agrooment is to be found m the couran that will probably bo taken by the much abused QueoiiBland Tho company did not treat this oolony fairly when négociations were ant entered into for establishing submarine com« munication with Java, and we are now in a position to demand, and obtain, a direct eable, 'n exclusivo connection with our land line at Normanton or Burketown It is not likely that this Government will bo content with a mere extension of the Port Dai win cable We have for some years past boen steadily advancing our lino towards the Northern coast, with tho object of ultimately connecting with the Indo-Euro- pean system of telegraphs, and now that the work is on the eve of succcsful completion, it would be folly to put up with leas than the full return duo to our enterprise In addition to this, the advantage to Australia generally of having two colonial land lines would not be very great unless there were also two cables Tue Government of Victoria have under con- sideration the expediency of saving the 2\ per cont commission hitherto allowed for inspecting railway material ordered in England, and holding tho manufacturersresponsiblefortho articles they contract to supply It will bo rcmombered that this waa u very sore point with us a few years ago, »hen we first began making railways Largo sums wero paid to an engineeuug firm for the inspection of locomotives aud material, which in eomo cases were fo nd to be useless, or of very inferior quality, when thoy arrived here. It is difficult to seo what reason there ia for the practico of othor importers being departed from. The Boma correspondent of the Queensland Tunes says -"After boing many months with- out a Koman Catholic priest, wo were recently visitod by tho Bev Father M Dunnock, who remained about three week», visiting at the same time most of the neighboring stations. What with baptisms, churohings, confessions, and flaying mass, ho had a pretty busy timo of it Ho is an exceedingly amiable and agreeable gentleman, and pcoplo found his visit really like on angel's What a pity it is they do not monago somehow or othor to have ono perma- nently settled here Suiely the town and neigh- boring district is populous enough to support a priest Neither havo wo had for nearly twelve mouths any Church of england sorvice here Tho Rev Charlea Spen=er, M A, reaides near Roma, and although ho occasionally, when re quested, celebrates marriages baptisms, and the funeral obsequies, still ho has no cure of souls or any charge hero Ho is howevor, I under ntnaJ ubuut to ra commenco holdtug rogular Berviccs, which I trust will bo well attendod " Mb Kebb, inspector of national schools, hu just concluded his vi«it to tho primary schools m this town, and the following satisfactory stato of things has been reported, vu -At present on tho roll, 631 bova and 660 girls, total 1351 children Present at examinations, 5o9 boys, and 523 girls, total 1037 ohildren, being about 73 per cent of tho=o on the roll Few of tho children in atttendanco at the several Bchools aro under fit o j ears of age, and tho attondonco ia greater, m proportion to the , population, than in auy other district in the colony But although this happens to bo tho caso, it must be remembered that a largo pro- portion of tho children have onli just returned to school after tho cotton picki i0, and it bo cornea moro and moro apparent that tao State must shortly adopt eomo measures to render tho education system compulso y, so as to ciiBuro its o3totivoiio»3 Wo understand that it is tho intention of tho Board to supply with teachers at as early a date as possible those schools which aro at presout inactivo through there being no ono to toko thom m charge - Queensland Times Lambing, savs a correspondent of tho Queens- land limes, lins finished at Eurella (Mr M II wraith'«) Although tho sheep havo been in paddocks, they havo beon lambed in tho old fashioned way-lambing stations within the paddocks with tho usual complement of men, thej hnvo been verv successful having cut 100 per cent all roun I on au avenge On Wed ne»caj tho 16th instant shearing commenced at Euthulla, the wholo ia to be shorn in the greaso lhev requiro twenty hnuds but as yet, 1 bellevo, havo only siicceedc I m getting twelve The return football match between Brisbane and Ipswich says the Queensland Times, bas been nrringed to come oil next saturday after noon on tho parade ground "North Ipswich The looal club tried verj hard to pet a postponement of the match for a week or a fortnight, as threo or four of their best plnv cr« including Messrs Hutchison and John Üäullnan will bo unnble to ph\ on the dav named but the metropolitan club were opposed to its King put off, as tho weather would becomo too hot to play with any degree of comfort A ï»sw Zïalani» paper sav -"Tho 'Com mi'sioncrs ' when lttcly in Lnglaud mado an arrangement to havo n bod> of Swedes ecut out to tho colom ns emigrant undertaking to dofrav their expeiist* und piovido thom with emplojmcnt ou their arrival Iheseemigrants, numbering upwurls of seveiitv arrived m Wei lingtou cirl) lost month in d no province offer îugti toko them oil Dr itat'itistou's hands, li a llouit, «ho is not reudih diverted from his purpose, sent tL» «luA body to the Manawatu, »herein his illottd thom land to bt poll for on a futuie nv uni promi»od them work lho favor shown to t'it«o Swedes has excite 1 p ilousy nmoug men who havo been long m the colony and art «hort or destitute of cm plovment lluro hire hil meetings, and thuin from tho Qovtrnmei t »i nilar treatment to that accorded to ti t nt»l\ arrived foreigners iho »hole procttding is » nicwhnt high handed outhopirtof Dr reotlur«to i, tin Provincial Gorernnimf or whoeicr mav hivo mado tho orrnn^tinent »e speak of since wo believe there is nolm in Willan, ton which will allow land being deposed of m tho niu-uiti «toted " Wc observo from th I\ct Z aland papers that tho lailwoy abo it to bo built between Inurearfcill and Mat una n to bt on tho three feet »i\ inch gaue - i single lui with the met* irv sidings, and o substantul bnd0e our tilt m i "Uatauro lho cist is io bo £2500 p r n do It is reconnu« d' 1 b\ tue eugiueer lint blue gum should be und for tho bridges, mil totara wood tor tho sleepers Tho total length ol the hue is kuy milos, »do tho natural fcaturos of the country aro favorablo to_ it« construction Mr. Josh. Darwent, the nephew of the Adelaide merchant, has (says the Register) claimed from the South Australian Govern- ment the reward for the discovery of a payable gold field m the Northern territory. The posi- tion of his discovery is on the line of telegraph, S E by E, 150 miles from Port Darwin, and eight miles from the river Cullen-between that river and Mount McLachlan. He states that the country is covered with beautiful quartz, and that there is every appearance of reefs The belt of auriferous land is said to run im- mediately between granite and slate formations about four miles in width, and to all appear- ances miles in length. The gold, which is of a shotty nature, was obtained from sinkings of about four feet deep, the alluvial having a clay bottom. Mr. Darwent considers that the alluvial diggings would give employment to some hundreds of diggers. The Bendigo Advertiser, August 11, gives the following startling announcement -"It is calculated by a Sandhurst gentleman that a comet, one of the points of whose orbit inter- sects the plane of the ecliptic at a distance from the earth's orbit less than the sum of the mean diameters of the earth and the comet, will be at or near perihelion in November of this year of grace 1871. Notwithstanding some re- markable changes observed in the comet, its diameter may be set down in its original dimen- sions, viz , 21,000 miles, and, in consequence of these very changes, it is perhaps more than possible that the comet may arrive at the point of intersection just as the earth is in that part of her orbit nearest to it. The result would be, supposing the comet to be gaseous, that tho earth would be enveloped to on extent of 6400 miles, or to more than three fourths of her diameter, that, indeed, the enormous mass ????? attach itself permanently to our planet, so ????ing the physical constitution of the at- mosphere as to cause instant death to all animal and vegetable life as at present existing. The possibility of such a catastrophe is, of course, dreadful to contemplate, and would, no doubt, be of considerable moment to many of our readers who are not sufficiently developed for the change. The astronomical skill of the gentleman referred to will not penetrate into Nature's secrets any further, and we therefore recommend the matter to tho serious considera- tion of our friends the Spiritists, who, we understand, deal with science where philosophers leave it " The following appears in the usual monthly no- tices of things new in science and art in Chambers' Journal -" The remark has been made more than once, that Australia presents a geological condition which on this side of the globe pre- vailed long ago, in tho remote past. Living animals have there been discovered which on this side of the globe are found in a fossil state only, and another example has recently been sent from Queensland to the British Museum, where it is preserved in the zoological depart- ment. This additional example is a fish, described by naturalists as Ceratodus, which was captured alive in a Queensland river. It is more than two feet in length, and belongs to the order described as ganoid, from tho brightness of their scales A full account of this remark- able fish, by Dr Gunther, of the British Museum, will appear in the ' Philosophical Transactions.' The fossil specimens found in our hemisphere do not come down below the Oolitic formation, there they cease, and a new order takes their place. This discovery suggests once more the question -Has Australia yet to undergo a grand series of convulsions as have taken place since ganoid fishes lived in the lakes and rivers of tho northern hemisphere? In some respects, Australia is an anomalous and unfinished country ; and it may be that some day chains of mountains will be heaved up in that vast island, whereby its climate will be ameliorated, and springs and rivers will fertilise its now terrible wastes of desert " The recent explorations in Jerusalem (says the Athenæum) have excited great interest among the fraternity of Freemasons throughout the world, on account of the discovery of what are believed to be " Masons' marks, on a con- siderable number of the immense foundation stones recently uncovered under tho debris of one of the ancient temples of that city." 