ADELAIDE. Wednesday. Wheat ie firm at 4s. lOrj. TUB up-country mails renelicd town yesterday eveuiug, sa tb at tho Hoods ina)' be supposed to hare subsided, and (he roads agaiu become practicable for horsemen. Tho railway hue, too, lias been so far repaired as to allow thc trains again to commença running. Tnn Municipal Council inrito tondara for const ruction of u causeway at Yeppen Yepp.n Lagoon in accordance with plat) and specification. Tenderá oro to bo sent in by thia day week ; contractors should therefore loee no timo in mating mquir.cB und framing (heir estimates. OWING to the unsettled appecf, of tin1 WM t her Mr. and Urs. W. H. Newt-nnV onlprUinmont. j on Tuesday night was not nearly so ve ¿il j patronised as it deserved. The iiu<licnce wae, I bower er, u very eulret on», and thc cntcrtim- i input gave great »di i »facti un-do inueh m t hit j Mr. Newton mm omura its repetition to-night. ' Weare indebted to Ur. iMberMniidtcr, ol' North Bock hampton* for a am ill parcel of ''sugar-corn," fur distribution am \>ii£ tbe «ot tl ere of this dis tict, lt waa sent to Rock- hampton by Mr. Walter Hill, oí the Brisbane I Botanical Our-lcns, who pl »h.* 11.... th« aupnr I com-a white mnir.e-U much up»id a« a vegetable, both in a gr.-cn mid dry tt iii:, in tim Southern States of America. This euro lias a very agreeable taite, and, we should think, would be a very palatable addition to tho dinner table. Small s<*ed paree!» may bo ohtuiu<*d mi application at our ofime. It m JV be ud<li*.l that we hare still some oft lie seeds on baud which were recently sent UR by tho AcclirnutUutioii Society for distribution.-We h ire bi?e.i «howu come very fine cobs of ordinary imizc, grown by Mr. T. M. Piitcrson on Atbclsliuic Rouge. Tho cobs average about 700 g roi oe each. iTiri: ineiîtirg eulîod on Tuesday in connexion wirli tim proposed Sug-ir Company lapsed, j owing to nmi-attfiiitiUi'ii cif the shareholders. Jn-t now (lu1 iv H :i fir mt* repugnance to iimilcd liability compinia, nhie'iit seems impassible to ounvonif. Jh.-rc ia, however, no doubt cnter íniied uti lo lite aucvsa of mgar-firowiii'' in this dictriiri j and KO are infirme i that whether the proposed cotnpjny be foniwd or no, lim pro rioioiiul director?, or flume of llnMii, will ahortly begin plaiting IM i it; ou tho land purchased for the Company'« Ufe. IT perms 11mf tho mim rond between We>l ! wind ¡md I'*ïj'cdiiiun Kange is about to be I ubuniioned, and n UQW r.jad opened un tho ru ute j of the railway line, which crof-ses the Dawson .al u. point live milt* bí'low Gmisîord. We ¡ ILM ru iliil. tim new route is ph arl er, pmmler, f runa through liner country, mid generally forms I u pli- uhitig contrast to tb«! present line, «rm which I Bu largo ti emu nf money lui» been uselessly laid ! ont. On ti.is .-nt j -l-l tin- 2**.ak Dutrtw Ttlft/mm ¡of Saturday week mipplica the following: - ¡ Wo ure informed by Ali*, de Sat si- that it is i proposed to devote the £-1000 voted for rep.irs j M tba roads over the Gogango Hange* to build- ing u bridge over tho Dawsun, five miles below Gainsford. ïho Kiiginorr of Hoads, N.D., j whose idea it ie, considera that a bridge to carry j bulli nina and railway «un bc buUt lom «COOQ." A. OF-KTUiitiN from Tambo colled at our ; o iii ec, last night, und informed us that the Marcoo down mails hal been lying at West wood since TJiursduy last, thus involving HI: days1 doluy, tinda derangement of the whole poslul service in thc outside districts. The Thompson sott lei s for instance, will bo deprived of their letter« for a month. There ie only fortnightly communication in the Mitchell district, und os tho other inuits sturt an 1 be day after the Rockhampton mail eli oui J arrive, a few hours* delay ut this end weans nearly a fortnight at tho other. It is preposterous that come discretionary power in not vested in Hw Postmaster at Rock- hampton, os at a email expense the inuits could have been forwarded to and from West wood by pack-horse during the interruption in tho run- ning of the trains. Wo trust such io prose nt a i tums will be made to the PostiinsVer-Generul ne I will prevent such needksfl delays in ful ure. WE heartily congratulate tho town upon ils 1 escape from invadion and total destruction by j th¿ blacks on Monday night. As wo uuuouuecd | on Tueediy, there wm a terrific diaiMrüt,m;tf. 0" j the range on the previous evening. 'Jii, j commenced with a cavulry attack upon tim ! blacks* camp, on Governor's Hill, by sumo half dozen well-mounted Europeans. These bravocs charged thc hil! in gaita ut style, but were mot by u galling shower of boomerangs and spears, which lcd to u rimultaucous retreat on both sides-tho Hacks rushing heller skelter duwil the western elope of the range towards thc racecourse, and the whit us on the eastern slope towards the police olliee. The residents aver that tiiey were terribly frightened by thc occur- rence ; not, however, by ilia blacks or boonie rings, but by lim inri ms riders who galloped down the range discharging pistol* at an imaginary foe. Tho polte*», informed that several people were Lilied, and a horse was bidly wounded, wen! -jut un J S'.MUi'.-d tho country, but came hom* again without sacing unything moro terrible tl in ii their own shadow?. On the following morling tim white warriors were all lonni withuul a se ir. Til« tnjurvü Inrpc was cicely ox-upi'd by Sub iiHpeeior iCIIiott, wlien it ¡ipp'H'd lint thc wounds h:id all healed up dunn* Ilm night, und left nita trace behind. Seeplieil people assert th il il thc horse hud benn bpniccd nt night, s<»mu mark's would have been vi*it*io nest morning; but eiich people :ire to bj pitied. They ure evi- dently incapable uf apjuwi lùng a tcusatioimi paragraph. 'J in; lutter of " Il'ilepivor " in oitr eonv* poudouec ealunin eilis attention to the con- tinued neglet-t of J).*nliain-blrcct by the Municipal Council. There is no question thal thc utreet ought to be metalled m soon us posbiblo. lt is very usar tho centre oC the town, and a large number of ratepayers are compelled to wade through it io got away fro ai their houses. Tlio Council, however, find themselves ! unable to undcrtiko ul I necessary work* ut. once, j und are compelled to select fir*t those whieh i appear to bc the most important, lt i* im- perativo to make the outlets of Ibo town pass- able, and especially tho high road to the interior. The Council were obviously bound ÍJ gire I attention lo Wiseman's Bridge before under taking nny oilier work ¡ but Om causeway prJ vidod for, and tho road ut J ardine's Lagoon drained, there is no more urgent work than the metalling of Denham-dtreet. lt would not bc fair to tho ratepayer?, however, to form ex- pensive roads beyond thc centr.il elrpcts until thc.lat ter aro metalled. Travellers on getting beyond the munieipal boundary hiivo to bc content with bush roads, and, therefore, so long ns our outlets ure passable in ordiuuiily Hue weather wo must bo sati-ficd. Thc health und comfort of ratepayers living in tbs centre of thc town must have consideration, and gentlemen re Aiding in the suburbs, who iuvariubly keep horses, mu so not complain al having to ri je through muddy yet »raelic iblo roads. We hope Den hum street will, nt any rate, bc metalled before thc approach of another wet season. THE expediency of conferring legislative powers upon local bodies hus long been mies tionod by tbo^n who have given much attention to public matters. There is unh ippily uhvays a disposition under five institutions to make freipient legislative «'hangen, und to give lar too little considérât ion to adininis'rative eflîcieney. We find that the Kew South Wales Gold Com- mission has pronounced ngaiiiit giving legi?« Utivo powers to mining boards aud with vurj good reason. Mr. ll. A. Thonips)ii, wriiinj lo the Queensland Geographie.d lismiiner (Mr. C. 1). Aplin), siys-" However useful tlio?o bodies were at first, we hive now such a thorough kuiwlodtfc of gold-mining und its icjuireinuntH as to iMi;i'>le \i* to draw un a gool cole at onee with nit h tvine un uleeted Uoard to work itâolf geadadly up \n sound principies thlMNgh ye irs of bittlo against pivj idice. When the New South Wales Coinmi-t-ini s'arted, several of its members were Btrougly in favour of mining boards in lo^d Ind madtj up their minds before starlin* that thene mining l-'ginlaf-nra ^rere inJipiioils ibid. After their daily 1 díííus«ion of minin; p.-inciples, eic, a'.d t*ïi. 1 I os iininutiou nf d mi-tli nu mi l iiidividu d 1 miners on ull the go!d-li -Ms nf th:s c iloit.v, they unwillingly CJIIIH lo ihe it»n.rlusiJU lint the men who would be elected io these b jard s would be co isnnnmt of the veal minins IH to keep legislation for year?. W« (or at le wt the niiijority in Sydney) ure of op- nijii tint loca- tion should bc eniiu-tcdto thc mining depart- ment, with thc provisto that tba permanent officers ehuuid be carefully selectcj, and be men thoroughly acquainted with miuiug (not dig* j ei°S)» au& °f *ünß ciperionce." A TELKOIIAU lias just jeun received by Mr. I Wiseman, i'.M, slating that (ho "Gul.mburg" j immigrant drip, «ill iw d,". ¡" K.ípjwl Buy ou ' thc IClli inst ml. Jil« telegram adila that tlloro arc srvrnil cojpcrsund linHiuiths on board, anil llul I lip immigrants arc noirly all Ihnes und Scandinavians. Il seems very remarkable tli.it no int ¡mill ion of lllo s tiling of «Iiis vessel hus como to hand, and tint even uaw tho local immigration board arc ir. loni ignorance of her port of departure, and lim number and description of her immigrant*. There is i-urcly culpable negliejiico somewhere in this maller. YVlnil on cni-ili «¡ll these, Jtaues mid ri, antinavium he lit hr? ïhe coopera und linsniiihs will no doubt Ind «Ork, und lhere «aa little need to supply info-motion nilli regard lo <!»'*'»- Périmes lt. is il'ilprrsunipliioiis to liojic Ulalu gund piMiiorlion if lim " Giitenburg 's" peopl- HIV of (ho geuthr sos, In tho present de:irili of domenic scivauis, who ivoulj not jampot u Suandiiiuviunraok or u Danish iniise gii-lr1 Ignorance of Kigiish might ho a alight drawback to such " hehs," but thora would be a grand deliverance from tho nuisance of kitchen gossip und eciuùal. And na it would take such girls ut lout a twolveruonth to loam the language, they wotld bo likely to rennin in their situations unlil tluendoflheirengagcuicnls. When it is proposed to import Polynesian gills for domestic series, lhere aurel}- iuu6t ho abundant scope for the robust damsels of Denmark ma i.andinavii. lt would bo eutis. factory to oitai'n further information concerning tho " Gutcutirg " us sion tis possiblo, and wo trust tho ltlll authorities will tuko early inoasures to o taiu it. IN tho l\iliu; Court on Tuesday, l'utrick flynn, John tfulry, und l'alriek ligan, appeared on suiunons, at thc iustiuco of Ser- geant Lynam, Ispoctor of Nuisances for the Corporation, to una iver u charge of haring allowed pigs to stay in tho publie streets. Mr. Jones, Town Soleitor, uppeorod for tho Cor parution. Tho uicndauis ploadcJ guilty, an! each was ordered lo pay a fine of 10s. willi 10s. (id. urofoisionl costs, and 3s. Gi. costs uf Court; in default livy unj distress, ora month's imprisonment. Yesterday ono drunkard was discharged with a. caution. Ami Whitelaw, a prostitute, was braucht before tho Court for bidiuving in u rioiousani iudoccut manner in u public place, o'onstablos Soily and White deposed lint prisoner was drunk, using obscene language, and conducting herself in a riotous and disorderly manner in Little Kast-slrarl, on Tuesday iiflernooli ¡ she 1ml a child in her ann-, which « as in dangar of ils lifo from her violer' liCL-viour. Tlie Hench wittemted ilia primmer to six i.^ntlie' imprisonocnt, with ho-el labour, in Iíockhi.1¡)(j" Giul. Mary Ann Purlte-, another well- Jnun-n prostitute, was placed in the dock on n similiir 01!irgni but sh; was cullerin; 1 from delirium tmite"w¡ ttn(J t]R uanoii ad- journed the ra« lil! u,¡s mobing. John ; Murphy, «ho hud bern confined u lbs Lunutic Uoccpliin House since ibu 21th ultimo, was , brought before llic Coirl, imj or the evidence ; of Dr. Siiiiwud ll it ho wis nulllcioutly : recovered to hi able to tate care o'.' himself, was discharge!]. Ouu French and Gemían readers from (¡me to time complain ol (h j imju-isteucy of thc colonial j press on Ilia .pnstiou oí th,, wu-. If wo ropro j duce au article fr i" som« English j jurua! I favourable lo Hie J-ranrli, we u e ¡it once «et I down as hostile lo tu- Gorman', un] vice verm. ll inorcuom Ww.» "t-...,.,. to slate ll.»* »« intentionally s»|ect upp.i.ile oi<\- o-<a on holli siles of thc qui'siiui, uni J.'iire thc reider lo I judge for himself. Villi regard lo our own ! opinion of the merit' ol' th ? quarrel, we think I li.itli tides ure very uueh to birnie. France in the first instance watundeniaiily Ihc a ¿gre-sor, I bul Prussia should hive hen sili-Ct-d j with (lie laurels .von t SnhlM, .'.itholll demand I ¡nj .'ilhev II poilil'.l nilli.. l"e.,'lie'l fleet ol'of Ibo i r'rcneli terril ury. Al linnell In-unco was the I hereditary cocuy o Ktiginnd, she Ins for inuny years past beeirho ally of Great jaritain. ! The JCnghah peojle would be surry I lo fcc Hie French lation utterly crushed. And they do not (¡id lu the unexampled success of tho prussian uriui.s such a guarantee for pciiri ns Count von llisuiark would Jiavolhoin belove. It is not reassuring j to.ioople who uhhor war lo eco ono great railj. wiry nation overrun and crushed by another in tho course of a feu- weeks, moro especially as it is clear that territorial aggrandisement is a powerful motivo in tho minds of those who direct Prussian counsels. We arc assured that tho Gormans aro ii peaceful people. Wc reply, they have just proved themselves tho most warlike people in Kurope ; and thc evident in- volvement, of tim leading German pon'cr with Russia, is of itself enough <o arouse the aus- picious of the English people. English sym- pathy was thoroughly with Germany up to tho capt ure of Napoleon; and had Count Bismark been thou content villi a monetary indemnity for thc war, Gei'inaiy would he now nt peace, and have won for urself tho admiration and confidence ol all Kutopc. I'IÏAI; DOWNS SUTE.-Nearly two hundred lons of pure c >p|ior nive left. Ibo Hine during tho pint week, imdcven Ibis large (juautity hus made but a slight inpression on the heap await- ing carriage. J)royi, however, arc daily arriving, and us the season ii fivourable, thc Company will un doubt uiuliohcuvy sinpnionts during tho current quarter. We eenfi.lently expect tho dividend to be uiaiilained, and hive great hopes o( seeing it inoi-oasel by three or four per cent ut 1 lie ii-s.t lialf-yeu-ly meeting. We hear that tho works ihrouejioit the Mine are in n most satisfactory slate, md Hint Iorgo ipnnlities of ore are heine, r.iisel ut ii very reasonable cost., Ttir:1ram, Vehr»:«/ 25. I CLEUSIONT LANI Couiti.-The Commissioner held Ins first coirl on Thursday, the 23rd ullimo, Clernionl. ?here were five upjilieatioinfor eondiiional purcliies mid four for homefields. lt ap,leaved thal tie olViee bad not been supplied willi theapplieuliin bo.ik, and iMiiscipienlly none of tin. applicants hud sisile 1 il us rr.piired hy tho Ael. L'ndertlese ciiruniytam-es lim I'oin missioner accepted conditional ly I he nppUeali-ni« thal wera ut.ici wis' eon-eel. This was t lie most renn maille all i equlable course liccnlM pir'Mie, as none ol' (lie aii.lieatimis .-lashed v.itli one another, in ¡ill 'ti IO acres were applied 1er as rotidiiional purelia.es, und USO as houiesleuds. Of (bese some wit; rejected mid some hehl ol er, :ind applications for <I7I¡ in-ros only « ere .u-lu ill; :n.pied. Of lb* rejected unpli.-atiuns some were at thc Springs, .viere tho land has not. yet been thrown open, and others could not bo accepted lliroueh iuioroalily or for some other rcu>on -TWeyr/o/i. OFFICIAL NIITIFICJTIOVS. - Tho following noliui-alions u¡.pear ill die Gni'ffiliiiMlf Gazelle \ ol' 25th ultimo : - Appointments.- l'h.im is Jones, Actine l'il .l, 1'io.n-er liin-r, lo be IV I at Uuil port ; Alfred Hullens, 1' lot, and Charles Haynes, A'Hsta'it 1'ilnt, KorUimmiton, to net j also as Gust Waiieia; t.. W. litiliain, tn be Pilot at Port Uiaehitibrook. vice 1».I«Ü Warner, ilceeased ; Davi I Williams, Acting I'ilnt, L'road so iiid, lo be pilol :.t that purl.-Volunteers : - The resigniili.iii tendered hy George Hope Verney, Licuicnait in ll.il.'7)th Itegimnit of Font, "of his com mission us Captain ol the Queensland Volunteer Ii ino Brigade, has been accepted. CALDWELL-A. tolgram in the Com-Ur dated Cam-rel! February 2i, rumias foltawsr-" Mr, D. 1. Seymour, tho Commissioner of Police, nrrived herc yesterday, u,. aw"i[a ,|10 arr¡rá| ol (ho (.teamer fr)" Townsville lo procc-d to Kavcswood und llookh.rapten." THE OnriNu SIÎSSION.-In ualicins tho funder proration =f -* "- Kw*:,* rein«j-ke :-" we are ^"^tod hy tho liomin to «Uto thal lie should lisie kept lu's promiso, mude ut tba close or last session, i o llio lotter, ind lure called Parliament toçethir the llrst week in A ¡n il, bat lip Tumid it waa Hie woek before llio Kaster liolidirs, und lio liai doubt.», flirrof ire, of being able to get a qu mun. For Mw same n'asou Parliament »il mit inset for (lui Aral lime on Tuesday, a9 usual, tba Ulli beiug Kniter Tuesday. THE Home News sara, Dr. Quinn, Hie Roman Catholic Uishop of Ui'hibinc, attended and spoke ut u meeting held ut St. Jumes' Hull, Lon jon, on tlie !) li instant. Th? mating Iud been called fur thu purpose of expressing svnipithv willi Pope Pius tho Ninth Archbishop Manning occupied tli3 fluir, und hil wa« furr.nin'h'i by uiembc-s of ui'-my of thc oldest Catholic families in Ungi ind. Tin Ii,i.|io]> of lirisbauoin second- ing u resolution moved by (lie Duke of Norfolk, to tb? eifel;!,-** 'illili, acknowledging, in the the euorod person of Pius tho Ninth, the Vicar of Jesus Christ und tho Heid of tins Christian Church, we regard as sacrilege, und wc rusent with horror the indignities to which ho bas boen subjoelcd by tho violent occupation of tho city of Koine, und hy the violation of the rigliti uiui possessions nf the J Joly See, and therein of thc Church throughout thc world," siid that haring been in Home recently, he could testify that tho peaceable people of tint city were kiot within doors on theduy of the Plebiscite, anil absUincd from voting. In tho nainoof Hie Citholics of his Australian diocese ho protested agaiut tho violation of the Papal territory. INDUCTION or TUE KEV. J. M'Asi.-Thc Presbytery of Toowoomba met in thc Presby- terian Church, Dalby, ou Mondiy evening last, for thc pu*pose of inducting Mr. M.'Ara to tho pastoral cliargo of thia congregation. The Rev. Isaac M'K'iy, of Warwick, conducted divine service before u largeauduttcnUvoaudionco, oller wurdB udircssiug in solemn and eloquent terrae the minister elect and tho members and adherents of the church, on tboir relativo duties and responsibilities. From members of tho Presby- tery Mr. M'Ara then received thc right hand ol fellowship, and took his seat its a member of tho court, lie was also heartily shaken by the hand and welcomed to bia »iniv BrjV»»J uf ^-^nr by all present ns they wcro retiring from thc service. Dr. Nelson, tho retiring moderator, will upon Sabbath next formally introduce Mr. VL' iva to lite mombcrs of Iiis new flock. Tl« new pa9t»r "I'0 ua8 come amongst us has boer stati.in'd at Springsure, whore ho recently bió ?ire «ell to a largo circle of friends, who deeply regretted his departure from amongst tliem. Uj his presence hore thero will bo regular sorvico in the handsome new church some timo since erected by tho members of tho religious body tc winch he belongs, but which lias been closet (except at Jun» intervals) ever since Mr. Grimm left. Wo wish Mr. M'Ara every success in hil new sphere of laboi r.-Ballin ilerald, Feb. -25, Tim ATrOHNBr-GENERiL -Tuc Afan/&on;»io/ Mail has thc following .-Wo hear thot Mr. C R. Haly, owing to considerations of nu entirely private nature, is aleut to surrender his past (6C long und so woi thiy held) as representative o the Burnett Dulric. Mr. Bramston is talkc. of us a likely eaudiiato iu that «vent, and cor, Uinly wc think it »auld bo difficult to find t better man. II« is t present Attorney-General, a Minister of the Or «ii-ho is on ihe same Bi'di in politics ns the loo! im-mher, the Honorable ll. tl. Moreton, und would probably work wei willi him, both on q estions of general interest, and on those moro inmediately aHeuiing the welfare of the distrielr-^id he is unquestionably Î '"'"Îlenfi9dvV)'lit'lu'luM.1,Mat1 tf.ViiK r'VnnVrv parir wou). veto for bim in support ol the present 'Miuis-r, a"d most of thu towns peuple have been s'far politically educated »j titi lato clo'lions that they would niunilrh prefer a geiillrinnuf Mr. lirumstou'a social un i political "standing o any adventurer whom (hi chance ol' a contcsed flection might bring for ward in oppoiition.0 liim. There must bo (ev ind.'iiJ now who co not understand that, in i district, returning two member.*, both mu9t h. oil the same eideii po'ilics, in order to proven the district bciig practically disfranchise i Motiv person* wil bc sorry to IOBO Mr. Hal\ but if ho linds it b bc expedient to retire iron political lile for a while, il certainly appears t us that tho Uurn.lt peoplo could liol do bette than rleet Mr. 3ram»ton in his stead. \\\ feel sure that thciulelligence of ibo district wi support him in t'o evont of his offering himsel for their suuVugci. 