TELEGRAPH LC. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS.] WARWICK. July 15. THE Criminal Sittings of the District Court, which ought to have commenced to- day, were postponed until to-morrow, in consequence of the non-arrival of the Crown Prosecutor. Judge Blakeney expressed himself as being very much annoyed thereat. ROCKHAMPTON. July 15. Captain Lake, of the schooner Hannah Broomfield, jumped overboard last night, into the river, and was drowned. His body has not yet been recovered. Samples of stream tin have been found near Rockhampton. A mining captain and three have arrived to commence work at the Rosewood copper mine. NORMANTON. July 15. The schooner Countess of Belmore brings the following shipping news from Somerset, Cape York : June 15. Arrived : Enchantress, cutter, from Sydney. June 22. Eugenie L. Voss, German ship, from Newcastle to Batavia, all well. Southern Belle, barque, from Newcastle to Mauritius, all well. The weather is now fine, cool, and pleasant. SYDNEY. July 15. The Assembly are discussing the Supplementary Estimates. A passenger per Hero died, in quarantine, of the small-pox. The disease is pronounced to be of a virulent type. Copper shares are firm. Sales of Peak Downs have been made at eight pounds five shillings. His Excellency the Governor attended the Congregational Church yesterday. The Mutual Life Association of Australasia has issued its third report, in which it is stated that the progress during the past year has been highly satisfactory, Mauritius advices report that sugars are advancing, and that none is being loaded for Australia. MELBOURNE. July 15 The small-pox patients are convalescent. A GREAT commotion was created in the Legislature of South Australia when it became ] known that the British- Australian Telegraph Company intended to lay a cable between Port Darwin and the Norman River. In both Houses of Parliament there was a discussion on the subject. We were misled in stating, some time back, that the company had condoned the breach of agreement arising from the overland line not having been finished at the end of last year, by accepting the compensation of five per cent, on their capital. It turns out that no such agreement was made. Our mild indignation at being deceived in this matter is nothing compared with the winds that has been evinced in the South Australian Parliament in consequence of its members having been taken in by the some misrepresentation. The articles of the contract between the British-Australian Company and the Government of South Australia have already been published in these columns, but to refresh the memory of our readers we may state that one of the clauses enabled the company, in case of the overland line not being in working order by the 31st December, 1871, to lay a cable from Port Darwin to a place within the colony of Queensland, or to run a land line for the same purpose through the Northern territory of South Australia. It appears that the company have now taken advantage of this power. The South Australian Register sneers at the " re- luctant tribute " we have paid to the enterprise displayed by its colony ever since the " signal diplomatic victory was achieved " of persuading Mr. Osborne to stop short at Adelaide, instead of fulfilling his instructions from his employers and completing the negociations entered into by them with the Queensland Government. We can only reply that we sincerely trust an arrangement will be made by which South Australia will still reap the fruits of its enterprise. An alternative line of telegraphic communication between Australia and Europe will be advantageous from the first ; and in the course of time each colony may have its separate line. We must repeat, however, that injustice to this colony it is necessary that whatever cable we have shall be our own. It would never do for the British Australian, or any other company" to be in the position to give or withhold their business at their pleasure. THE question of mining for gold on private lands was brought before the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales on the 6th instant. On the motion of Mr. Innes, the Solicitor-General, the previous question was carried by the casting vote of the Speaker. The effect of the speech made by Mr. Innes was that in point of law the Crown was entitled to the precious metals upon all lands, but how that right was to be exercised was the question. It was desirable to check the exorbitant terms obtained by private landowners, and to make on equitable distribute of the precious metals between the Crown which was entitled to it, the landowner with whose consent it could alone be obtained, and the mining public whose labor raised it. The Government would, however promise to take the subject into their immediate consideration. In the Victorian Assembly, on the 5th, Mr. Francis stated that the first subject dealt with by the new Ministry would be the question of mining on private property, A MINING agent at Hill End (New South Wales), who was considered to be one not easily imposed on, was made the victim of a " sell " the other day. A man brought him specimens of copper ore, and said he had found them in a locality in the neighborhood of Bathurst. An arrangement was made that the discoverer and the agent should proceed at once to the spot ; but when they arrived at Bathurst, the former unaccountably disappeared, after having obtained £2 10s., on different pretences, from his victim. It must be expected that similar swindles will be attempted during the present excitement on account of mineral discoveries, and when it is so very easy to obtain specimens of valuable tin and copper ore. THE effects of the frost on two nights during the week before last, appear to have been experienced as fully in Rockhampton as in Brisbane, notwithstanding the difference of latitude. THE winter show of the East Moreton Farmers' Association will be opened to-day by His Excellency the Governor, at half-past 1 o'clock, and is announced to remain open only one day. As will be seen by advertisement in another column, the tenth annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Queensland Insurance Company will be held in the Chamber of Commerce, Town Hall, at 4 o'clock this afternoon, for the purpose of receiving the report and statement of accounts for the past year, and of electing three directors in the room of Messrs. Bramston, Darvall, and Raff, who retire. THE fourth of a series of lectures was delivered last evening, at the United Methodist Free Church, Ann-street, by the Rev. S. | Savage, on " Forming connections for life There was a pretty good attendance, and the I lecture, which was delivered only a short time ago, seemed to give great satisfaction. William Cobbett, in his day, gave some very sensible advice to young men on the choice of a wife; but the lecturer, while doing ample justice in this respect, pays a little more attention to the ladies, whom he admonishes to consult their parents or guardians on so important a subject as marriage, and to have nothing to say to young men who are accustomed to drink. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer at the close. THE entertainments now being given by Mr. and Mrs. Darrell, at the Victoria Hall, have enjoyed what may be termed a week of success ¡ and, considering the attractive character of them, it is not a matter for surprise that such should have been the case. The high reputa- tion which had been associated with the names of that lady and gentleman by the Southern Press was fully endorsed on the occasion of their visit to this colony about twelve months ago, when supported by an indifferent company, they gave a series of dramatic performances. As a rule, it is an extremely difficult and arduous undertaking for two persons, however skilled they may be in their profession, to so vary their programme as to seoi'totho patronage of the public of Brisbane for more than an evening or two s and therefore the audiences which have assembled at the Victoria during the past week, and also again last evening, may be ac- epbd as a proof of the success of the Darrells in that respect. One of the charms of their entertainments is their versatility, and it would be strange " some or other a portion of them did not please the most fastidious. To our thinking the dramatic selections are deserving of the chief mention, as by them the opportunity is afforded of appreciating the high histrionic abilities of both Mr and Mr' Darrell, and whether in selections from " Hamlet or as was the case last evening, Bulwer's comedy of the " Lady of Lyons," there is some thing one can always look back upon with pleasure in his impersonation of Claude Melnotte, the gardener's son, Mr Darrell has always been very successful it is a part which suits him in every respect perhaps more so than many he assumes, thus his identification with it 1-, to a great extent, free from artificiality Mrs Car roll, as Pauline, was, last evening, as she always is very perfect, in fact, that part of the programme was really deserving of the applause it received ' Matrimonial Manoeuvres," a little duologue written for the Darrells, created great amusement and fully sustained the title given to it As on previous evenings, the programme concluded with songs by Mr Darrell and reel tars by Mr Darrell, which were well worth the attention paid to them Altogether an evening may be very pleasantly spent in witnessing " Darren's De lights " All amateur drain the entertainment was given on Saturday evening at the Village of Lutwyche The audience was numerous and appeared to be highly delighted with the several performances, whit h were characterised by much talent and by good taste We understand that the performers were residents of the neighborhood, who have associated together in a society for mutual improvement, and who contemplate establishing a library and reading room, as well as a debating class To such efforts every one must wish permanence and success "WE (Warwick Examiner) understand that the New South Wales Government have stationed an officer at Maryland, to take note of the traffic that is passing from Queensland to that colony, and to collect duplicate invoices of the goods on each team It is quite plain the object is to impose the border duties again, but the storekeepers and merchants can avoid this inconvenience by giving instructions to the car rivers to travel the new road which was recently made, and which runs through Queensland territory direct to Quartpot If, after the Government have made a new road to protect traders from having an extra tax imposed upon them, they do not use it it is their own fault, and if they will travel the old road the New South Wales Government will make them " pay the piper for it ADVERTING to the subject of German immigration, an evidently well-informed correspondent of the northern Argus writes I-" Ger- many has never been more prosperous than at present, public and private works of great magnitude are carried out, and wages rule there so high that thousands of Danes and Swedes find employment in Northern Germany and settle in the country, while the Germans emigrate in increasing numbers to the States, Canada, and Brazil, and these have all to pay their own passages and take capital with them, while Queensland pays and lately certainly receives some good Danish and Swedish immigrants, but very few Germans, and these mostly not desirable people, mostly different from the Germans who used formerly to come to the Australian colonies. The cause is very simple. In the first place, the Government of Queensland have, through former breaches of promise (land orders) earned a bad name ; secondly, no proper publicity is given, while the leading Hamburg paper is always full of information about the States, La Plata, Brazil, c, and of ships going to these places. There is never an advertisement about Queensland, nothing about rates of passage, or where an intending emigrant, able to pay his own passage, can get information, excepting a short notice, to the effect that female servants can be forwarded on payment of a sum equal to about £1 10s. Now, when the same paper is full of advertisements for servants wanted, and notices from the labor offices ' a new lot of good Swedish servants arrived, is it likely that a good servant who can earn fair wages in Germany will leave there and pay 30s. to come to Queensland The last ship brought with others, one old infirm man, since dead, another cripple now in Rockhampton, and a third poor follow unfit for work, with a young family, which will be a burthen to the colony that has paid their passage. In conversing with some of these immigrants, it comes out that so and so did no good at home, and that his friends paid ten or fifteen dollars to the shipping agent to get him off to Queensland-the man Matthews, convicted the second time for larceny last week (from Frankfort), was one of that class. The fact is, that the colony pays a heavy premium in order to get undesirable Germans, and enriches a Hamburg shipowner, while good people could be got at little or no expense. SOME of the emigrants to this colony have complained of the discomforts they had to put up with during the voyage Their petty grievances were nothing compared with what has been endured by emigrants to America, as witness the following tale of suffering told in a paper received by the Californian mail The Louisville Ledger says -" The Holland arrived at New York on the 24th of March, after a long and boisterous trip with 550 passengers on board, being at least 200 more than she had accommodation for The vessel had been at sea but a few days when it was discovered the stock of provisions was very light In less than a week all the Hour, potatoes, and other vegetables were exhausted, and the passengers were reduced to a diet of ship biscuit and horse beef, and this of the poorest quality and doled out in the smallest portions Starvation began to store the wretched emigrants in the face, although the ship's officers and crew seemed to have plenty of good and healthy food To all appeals for a fair division of this food among the emigrants the officers and crew only answered with curses and blows Sickness broke out amongst the congi ants, and in their despera- tion some of them made an effort to secure more food, but were knocked down and kicked and beaten by the crew Many of these miserable people, men, women, and children, were exposed on deck to the cold, and were badly frozen To such a degree of starvation were these emigrants reduced, that when their scanty allowance of food was served to them they had to fight for its possession, the despera- tion of the half-starved passengers, under the impulse of self preservation, leading them to try to take by force from the weakest their sheriff of the wretched food The horse beef was 4 absolutely half rotten, and its stench almost stifling, yet the emigrants were forced to eat it to save them from the horrible death by starvation The limbs of many women and children, as well as a number of men, were so severely frozen that in many cases amputation will be necessary A report of the sufferings of these emigrants was made to the authorities in New? York " THE report of the Immigration Commission of Ontario for 1871 gives some interesting information with regard to the western division of Canada "Some. thirty thousand emigrants from the United Kingdom have settled in Ontario during the past year or nearly ten thousand more than in 1860 The whole have been absorbed into the population without any sensible diminution of the demand for labor. The great want in Ontario at the present time is a supply of agricultural laborers and domestic servants Respectable young women in household service readily earn from 20s to 30s per month Any number of either class can find ample employment at good wages The former may soon with very little effort save enough to take up a free grant of 100 acres of land, wooded and well watered, which every person over eighteen years of age is entitled to receive on conditions of settlement Married settlers can claim 200 acres Agricultural industry is rapidly improving in extent and character, and making heavy demands for additional labor Numerous railroads are in progress or projected, the contractors for which are in immediate want of hands, to whom they are willing to pay good wages. In the Lake Superior region mining enterprise is rapidly developing itself' and affording employment for large numbers. An agent of the Provincial Government attends at Quebec, on the arrival of all emigrant vessels, to protect immigrants from imposition, and the Dominion Government provides them with temporary shelter, until they start on the" western journey by railroad or steamboat. At all the principal towns on the route are depots, with duly accredited agents, to attend to the wants of the new comers, to advise them where to obtain employment. THE Rev. Alexander Proudfoot, as we 1er s from "Pugh's Almanac," is a minister of religion, and resident at Gladstone. " A Sketch from Life in Queensland," from his pen, appears in the Free Church Record for the month of May, 1872, and is now before us. The Record, we may premise, is a periodical of some thirty goodly sized pages, and Mr. Proud- foot modestly assures his readers at home of course-that it would require the space contained in a dozen numbers to tell them all about his Church and his work, To treat of subjects so vast in a single letter, to compress such mountains into a mouthful, would be both absolutely and physically impossible. Hence Mr. Proudfoot prudently bends his energies to one particular topic the bullock-driver ! It is not altogether the fable of the mountain in labor, for the bullock-driver is a useful member of society, and not unworthy of a " sketch from life." Before, however, we are privileged to get a sight of him, Mr. Proudfoot treats us to a dissertation on roads, and the blessings of M'Adam. Passing from the roads he now brings the bullocks into view, and holds them up as objects to be wondered at and even photographed. "Seeing it (the dray for the first time, you do not," he says, " at once perceive that the estate and the team form one whole and you wonder what the string of bullocks is doing in front of the dray." These same bullocks, however useful, ore after all dangerous and un- grateful beasts. They sometimes take it into their heads to run away, and they kick with a twist that is apt to pull the person kickecT beneath the feet of the bullocks and the wheels of the dray." In fact, you cannot trust a bullock however long you have known him s for after you have worked with him for years he will nearly kill you with a lick at last." What a perverse brute, and what a crowning demonstration of animal depravity ! At last our patience is rewarded with a full view of the bullock-driver himself. He must appear a strange prodigy to the uninitiated. " He never wore such a thing as a coat or waistcoat in 1 '3 life," but not to shock weak nerves, he has on a pair of trousers, a leather strap round his waist, a crimean shirt, and a cabbage-tree hat. He has other peculiarities besides those of dress. "He is notorious for his inveterate habit of swee g his theory being that the bullocks will not go unless you swear at them." He has also another little amiable weakness his love for alcohol, and hence " casks of rum and other spirits entrusted to his care, are apt to leak ¡" while his bullocks are often seized with a straying fit-especially when he is camped near a grog-shop ! Still Mr. Proudfoot does not do all his sketching with ink or with mud. He takes a tender and touching farewell of the bullock-driver. He rises to the height of his great theme, and pronounced upon him the following sublime apostrophe - "Fare thee well, thou horny-handed son of toil ! The color of thy Crimean shirt may be 'louder' than correct taste can altogether approve; but with thy patient oxen [the kick with the twist, of course, excepted] thou doest a good work in lands commencing their career as nations." We have only to add that the " Sketch from Life, Mr. Proudfoot informs us, is merely an extract from a volume on " Life in the Australian Colonies." We have not seen the volume, but we have no doubt it will form pleasant reading, especially for bullock-drivers. Mr. Proudfoot has a great subject, and the road to fame before him. We bid him farewell for the present MARAVILLA COCOA. Opinions of the Press, -" Those who have not yet tried Maravilla will" do well to do so." Morning Post. "It may justly be called the perfection of prepared cocoa." British Medical Journal. MARAVILLA COCOA. -The Globe says, " Taylor Brothers' Maravilla cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla cocoa above all others. For invalids and dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable bever- age." HOMEOPATHIC COCOA. This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS under the ablest homeopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the in- ventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and it tritious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only, by storekeepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Ex- port Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium.-[AsTT.]l 