SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1872, Now that the Legislature may be re- garded as having definitely settled the basis of our system of state education, the department over which a Minister of Public Instruction will preside will very shortly have to consider -what im- provements are capable of being effected in the system itself. Will the thing aimed at be quantity or quality » Are the children's minds to be crammed, or are they to be fed 1 Is the healthy and vigorous growth of their intellectual faculties to be encouraged and assisted, or is the forcing process to be had re- course to ? Are showy and superficial " results " to be the test of efficiency or excellence, or will a preference be ex- hibited for a method of Instruction which will qualify the boys and giris to become useful and intelligent members of society ? In short, Is the education to bo that of the mind, or is it to bo-as Is too often the case now, both In public and private schools-a mere cultivation of the memory I Do we want to equip our children with an armoury of weapons which will be of the highest service to them when they are called upon to fight the battle of life, or shall we treat their brains as so many lumber- rooms in which their schoolmasters and schoolmistresses will endeavour to stow away an inor- dinate quantity of useless facts ? In the mother country, we observe that the practice of measuring the value of a system of education by an arbitrary standard of results is falling into disre- pute, and that it was condemned by two or three speakers of high authority at the late Social Science Congress. It was admitted that the outcome of the teaching in the elementary schools is unsatisfactory, and it was declared that the explanation of this muBt be sought for in the mischievous principle of pay- ment by results. Attention was at the same time called to the mode of educa- tion which has been adopted with such marked success In Denmark, And it is rather singular, by the way, to find that, whether as regards personal representa- tion or popular instruction, our country men are turning to one of the cradles of due race for guidance and example. Ia Denmark, then, as appears from a paper read before the Congress, the state undertakes the education of the people. Attendance at school up to the age of 14 la obligatory, and parenta neglecting to Bend their children thither are punished by fine or imprison- ment. But besides these elementary schools, there are about seventy institu- tions known as " national high schools," to which farm labourers and house- wives resort, between the ages of 16 and 35, for three, four, or five months ia the year, and where they learn some- thing more than reading and writing, as we shall presently have occasion to show. Before doing so, however, we wish to point out that although these institutions owed their origin to and are still supervised by a bishop, who is described as "one of Denmark's noblest " minds-poet, historian, and apostle," religion ÍB carefully excluded from them. The reasons given are these :-" That " the teaching of the Bible and the ex " plaining of the Christian doctrines "¡belong to the church and the home, "and not to the schoolmaster." In one respect, perhaps, these schools are -unique. The preceptors give their time to them. " Private men," we are told in the paper referred to above, " 'some of whom are eminent scholars « from the University, while others are " self-educated men, devote their fortunes " and their lives to the education of the " labouring classes without any other " ambition than that of doing good," As they imitate SOCRATES in placing their services gratuitously at the disposition of their poorer countrymen, so, also, they adopt the Socratlc method of instruction, the following being the rules adopted : 1\. That no reading or hearing of lessons, not even in history, no repetitions or examinations, are required, not even at the end of the winter term. 2. All teaching is communicated by verbal extemporary lectures. 3. For this reason, it Is incumbent upon each teacher carefully to prepare himself for each lecture. 4. No lecture lasts more than an hour ; and at the end of that time the teacher descends from his chair and converses in a chatty unpretending manner with his pupils, on the subject of his discourse, answering any ques- tions they may ask, and clearing up dark or disputable points. Among the branches of instruction which strike us as being peculiarly valu- able in the curriculum of these " national " high schools," are the following-a comprehensive knowledge of nature, comprising chemistry, natural philo- sophy, botany, agriculture, farming and household economy, and political economy. And, as is the common practice in Germany and Switzerland, the teaching is illustrated and enforced by out-of-door observations. PupUs are taken to the field, the forest, and the farm-house, and there brought face to face with the practical operations and processes of the laws of nature or the arts of man which havebeen theoretically explained to them by oral lectures in the class-room, The whole scheme of educa- tion, we are told, is designed " to impart " Buch instruction as will make the " young man become a living part of " the nation, a conscientious member of " society, a useful citizen j" not to con- vert him into a useless pedant. And the result is the formation of a national character which is civilised without being corrupt, and highly cultivated with- out sacrificing the simplicity of manners, cheerfulness of disposition, and hospi- tality of Bocial life, for which the Danish people have always been noted. Such, at least, is the testimony offered by the writer of the paper read at the Social Science Congress, who adds, more- over, that the exclusion of religious teaching from the schools, paradoxical as it may appear, has been found to be " conducive to a high degree of religious» " ness and to a deep and sincere love of " the Gospel." Kow has this been brought about» Our MACARTNEYS, HENDERSONS, and CAMERONS may profit by the lesson contained in what follows : -" Every teacher here considers himself ty as a missionary, teaching not Christian " knowledge but Christian life, and how " this life ought to reveal itself ia " action, how every man ought to take " upon himself to execute a mission in "life-'a life's action.'" Among 'the items of commercial in- telligence which appeared In Tlie Argus of the 3rd inst,, there was one which does not seem to have attracted, as yet, the attention to which Its importance justly entitles it. On the previous day the first production of the Victoriaa Beetroot Sugar Company (about 800 bags) was sold by auction, and fetched from 30s, Cd, to 33s. per cwt,, a small parcel of the company's sugar having been af forwards resold at the high rate of 37s. Gd. per cwt. To understand the significance of this piece of news, it is only necessary to bear in mind that wa at present import foreign sugar to the value of about three-quarters of a million sterling every year, and that the success of this pioneer beet Bugar com- pany may lead to the initiation of similar enterprises In other parts of the colony, and perhaps, in the end, to such an extension of this new Industry as will enable the colony to derive its whole supply of sugar from its own \--soil. That thla is a thing to be -earnestly desired, we think none will -dispute. To be able to supply our- selves with an article so extensively used would be a great national gain, provided the capital and labour employed in its production were paid for at current rates, and the revenue sustained no injury. To get over in the beginning the only unsatis- factory feature in this sugar-making ?buslnesB, we will say at once what has W be said in regard to its fiscal aspect. In the financial year that closed on 30th clune last, the Import duty on sugar and ttola-sses amounted to £71,376, and our dcnlestic sugar manufacture will of coarse tend to dry up this prolific source -of revenue. If all the sugar used in the > colony were of domestic manufacture, there would be no customs duty derived from this article, and the amount which It now yields would have to be provided : V ¿fane other way. But that would be . quite fair to all concerned. In the mean- time, and so long as we manufacture some -portion of the sugar we use and import -. the remainder, the colonial manufacturer "virtually receives a bonus of £3 a ton . on all that he produces. We will not now stop to discuss this unpleasant part of our subject, but it must not be over- looked altogether, and we therefore state the exact position of affairs. The prln . clple of differential duties, for the en- couragement of colonial manufactures, has been recognised by the Legislature, and there is no reason why the sugar manufacturer should not meet with the same encouragement that la extended to the manufacturers of spirits, tobacoo, and other articles. The sugar maker le < therefore entitled to conclude that the tariff which Is now so much in his 1 favour will not be disturbed for some ? time to come. In regard to the money profitableness of beet growing and sugar making, -certain facts supplied to us seem to place that beyond doubt. We are in- formed that it has been ascertained by actual experiment that the cost of culti- vation, seeding, &c;, does not exceed £5 acre may be safely calculated on, while the price which the company contracts to pay when the beets are delivered at its works Is £1 a ton. Tor farmers whose operations lie within a few miles of a sugar factory, this mubt form the basis of a fairly remunerative traffic. .As to the profitableness of the manufac- turing process-good roots yield about 9 per cent, of sugar, worth £30 a ton, ¡and under the scientific management which now obtains, the process of manu- facture is not expensive. Then, there bas to be taken into consideration the value of what remains after the sugar 1 bas been extracted from the roots. There Is still G'49 per cent, of sugar, 1*34 per cent, of albumen, 5 per cent, of pectine, and other substances, and it is worth, on the continent of Europe, 10s. per ton, and in England 12s. to 13a., for feeding purposes. As yet its value is not pro .perly understood in this country, but 'by and by dairies and pig-fattening . establishments are certain to be esta- blished in more or less olose connexion .with our beet sugar manufactories, to the great increase of production, and conse- quent cheapening, of articles of food no less valuable than sugar itself. So far as our information extends, then, it seems to be established that both beet growing and beet-sugar making will prove sufficiently profitable pursuits; ? but the extension of the domestic sugar 'manufacture will be attended with inci- dental advantages to agriculture quite -as important as the direct money profit which the production of sugar-beet will confer. Beet- growing will break, in the -most useful and profitable manner, that »uninterrupted succession of white crops -which the Victorian farmer Is compelled, íhj the pressure of necessity, to extract from his land, to ita ruin very fre . quently, and sometimes to his own ruin at > the same time. The principal benefits of iwhat is known as " rotation of crops " ?will thus be secured, while every time -that a field is sown with beet it will receive that thorough cleansing which Is quite indispensable to its continuing In what the farmer calls " good heart." It would be difficult to over-estimate the advantages that would flow from the Introduction of such a mode of farming; and unless the present condition of Vic- torian agriculture is grossly misrepre- sented, it stands very much in need of stimulus and encouragement. The extent 'to which the beet sugar manufacturing business would work in with agrl ? culture will be partly understood if the reader will consider that a plant 1 like that erected by the Victoria Com , pany, when completed, will use up 360 tons of root in a week ; or, in a season of six months, about 9,000 tons,whloh, at 20 tons to the acre, it will take 450 acres . of land to produce. Supposing, then, that a factory of the same capabilities < were situated in the centre of a block of suitable land, five miles square, there would be 13,440 acres from which the factory could draw its supplies, no part of which would be more than two and a 'half miles from the works. A three years' rotation could then be adopted, each field yielding two corn crops and one root crop in each triennial period. If there were not one only, but 40 or 50 sugar manufactories in the colony, < the benefit to agriculture would there- fore be very great. We are informed that the operations . of the Victoria Company are somewhat hindered by a deficiency of capital, and that the public are to be Invited to take up some Bhares that still remain un- allotted. At the meeting that is to be held In furtherance of this purpose, the affairs of the company will be fully explained, and capitalists will judge for themselves as to the propriety of investing in the . company's stock. In the meantime, we offer these observations in explanation of the bearing of the new sugar manu- facture upon general Interests, and the Influence which Its success and growth .will probably have upon the general .prosperity. The new swimming bath on the north elbank of the Yarra is a good example of corporation bungling. Ita history, in \- deed, ÍB typical of the mismanagement .which distinguishes the City Council. It Jens talked about for several years helm it «as quite decided upon. Then It was a matter , -of > debate* where i It should be. Then it was begun in the wrong place, but not until consider- able excavations had been made in the dungheap was it concluded that a dung heap was not a good place upon which to build a bath, At last, after much delay, and Interminable talk, the bath was built, but, after having been ap- parently completed many months, it is now found to be useless, for the Blmple reason that although during floods the water may haply get Into It, it Is only by means of an inun- dation it can be filled, and, being filled, there is no way of emptying it. The style of the architecture, too, la worth attention. If simplicity were a merit, It would be the most meritorious of baths. It Is nothing else than a large quadrangular puddle, with a heap of dirt all round, and an ugly corrugated Iron fence on the top. The designer ought to have the prize for inventing the ugliest bath known. Moreover, it does not answer the purpose Intended, namely, to compel the larrikins to be decent, for the passers-by In Flinders-street can Bee over the top of it. It is creditable to Borne of the city councillors that they are ashamed of it. Coun- cillor WILLIAMS facetiously acknow- ledges the appropriateness of the term " swimming bath," because he says a good flood will float it away. Councillor SMITH thinks the reason for the term is more likely to be found in the fact that, within the last week or two, it has been necessary, If any one had wanted to get to it, to swim. Councillor AMESS is so disgusted with it that, with a reckless disregard of the corporate funds, he hopes it may be washed away by a flood. Nevertheless, it ' has been agreed to vote £550 more to complete it. Having got a bath of some kind, It is to be filled with water, so that presently It will have cost £2,000. All this money for an enclosed puddle, which, one of these days, is likely to burst its mud .banks and dis- charge itself into the nasty swamp adjoining ! If the corporation had been amusing themselves at their own expense, the citizens would still have had reason to grumble, because nobody can deny that we want a good many baths, and the longer bath accommodation is delayed the worse for us all. But they amuse themselves, and the citizens' money goes to pay for the pastime. Like many another foolish jest, it amuses those only who perpetrate it ; but then we are used to these sorry pleasantries, and have almost forgotten to be angry at them. As far back as we can remember, the Melbourne City Council always indulged in costly bêtises. Tears ago they cut through the Flagstaff-hill to please an eccentric mem- ber of their body, and then they began the Western Market with a flourish of trumpets, and let the foundations re- main for more than a dozen years a frightful example of municipal Inde- cision. But their Yarra-bank bath is the most complete of all their abortive projects, and the only negatively satis- factory part about it ÍB that It has cost but £2,000, and It might have cost £20,000. As a sample of stupidity It is perfect, and if they would regard It as a ridiculous blunder, sufficient to deter them whenever they thought about It from any further experiment of a like kind, nobody would grudge the two thousand pounds, or, Indeed, a sum con- siderably beyond that amount. The Ministerial whitebait dinner takes place at Scott's Hotel on Tuesday evening. When a member of the British Parliament is elevated to the bench ho usually takes leave of the House of which he is a member in his place in Parliament, and we believe the Hon. Mr. Fellows will take this course on Tuesday next. Our Seymour correspondent informs us that tbe nomination papers of Messrs. Winter and O'Brien having been withdrawn, Sir Francis Murphy was at 2 o'clock yesterday, at Seymour, declared duly elected as a member for the Eastern Province. Mr. O'Brien takes leave of the electors in a short address, which is published in our advertising columns this morning. A meeting of the Boyal Commission on Supreme Court Buildings was held at the Executivo Council chamber yesterday after- noon. We understand that the question of providing accommodation in the new buildings for the registrar general is still under discus- sion, the space available upon the proposed site being manifestly insufficient for the perpetually increasing needs of this depart- ment Á considerable amount of business relating to the accommodation required was disposed of, and the commission adjourned to the beginning of the week. We believe the Government have decided to institute a public competition of designs for the work. An important alteration has been made in the duration of the close season as it affects quail. It is notified in last night's Government Gazette that these birds will iu future be pro- tected from the 1st August in evory year until the 31st January in the year following, both days inclusive. It will therefore be illegal to shoot quail until the 1st February, 1873. The following arrangements have been made in connexion with the opening of the Melbourne Woollen and Cloth Factory at Yarraville, Footscray, today .-A Bpecial train will leave Spencer-street for Yarraville at half-past 12 p.m. The machinery is to be set in motion by the chairman of the company at 1 o'clock, and luncheon will be provided at 2 p.m. The sale of tweeds tbe manufacturo of the company, will be held at a quarter to 3 o'clock by Messrs. Crews and Byrne. A special return trail will leave Yarraville for Melbourne at 20 minutes past 4 p.m. Superintendent Bookey is, according to the Geelong Evening Times, seriously ill. Ho had latterly been unwell, and yesterday he became insensible. There wore issued from the Melbourne Mint during the week ending 13th inst, £10,000 in sovereigns, making the total number issued up to that date 711,000 sovereigns. The re- ceipts of gold for the week were 9,468oz. ; the total receipts amounting to 189,300oz. Am adventure which recently happened to H.M.C.S. Victoria is thus described by the Warrnambool Standard :-" Tho Victoria left Warrnambool on Wednesday, the 4th inst, under steam, and having got an offing the fires were banked, and sho procoeded under sail to the southward, as the wind unfortunately headed her. The breeze continued strong and dead against her, so the next day steam was got up to enable her to reach an anchor- age under King's Island, and as all but the southern part of the coast line was surveyed, Lieutenant Stanley decided upon examining and if possible anchoring in a small bay at the S W. point of tho island, locally known as Surprise- Bay. When en- tering the mouth of this bay the engines Vere rnade to go as slowly as possible, occa- sionally stopping, but before going very far it was decided tbat the anchorage was unsafe, and trie engines were reversed, Liout Stanley intending to take the Victoria/out stern first. In consequence, however, of the wind catch- ing her on the starboard bow, her stern was thrown ont of the direot line ; the engines were then stopped, and the vessel was nearly stationary, when she touched with her stern upon a sunken reef. The engines were then moved ahead at foil speed, and after touching twice more she was on her way oat of the bay, the whole not occupying two minutes. It is unnecessary to state that the bay and reef are equally unknown, and that Lieut. Stanley had only his own judgment to go upon. There was no swell on at the time, the wind being off shore, consequently the Victoria has not sustained the slightest damage." The Argui prize at the Scotch College has been gained by Mowling, who has been adjudged dux of school, after a keen compe- tition in the nine subjects prescribed for the matriculation examination. The total number of marka obtainable was 3,000, of which the successfnl candidate was awarded 2,562. At the recent University examination Mowling made the highest score of all the candidates, having passed in nine subjects, with credit in five. Three Adelaide cricketers-Messrs. Mor com, Goodin, and King-arrived in the s.S. Omeo yesterday, to take part in the forth- coming intercolonial match. Fridoy-at the "Exhibition is generally a slack day, and yesterday was no exception to the rule, although the number of visitors amounted to 1,120. Amongst these there was a concourse of children from the following schools, numbered as follows, namely :-No. 178 and No. 459 (Wesleyan), both from Hotham ; No. 205, Collingwood ; No. 561, St. Peter's; No. 602, Sandridge; and 51 from No. 34 school, Ballarat ; in all 392. There were also 185 holders of season tickets. The organ musio during the day was contributed by Messrs. Plaisted, Maytnm, and Allen ; and in the evening the band of the Emerald-hill Artillery Corps played the selections given in our last issue. The vignerons in different parts of the country are now sending in I a great variety of wine exhibits for transmission to London and Vienna. The only novelty which attracted oar attention yesterday was a " cylinder galley proof press," with a sample of Victorian roller composi- tion. The body, bed, and frame of this machine are made of colonial wood, and the whole is manufactured and shown by Messrs. Freemantle and Co, of Flinders-lane and Qneen-street. We are informod that account of the great favour with which the musical entertainments have been ceived by the visitors to the Exhibition, the commissioners have decided upon giving vocal concerts three times during next week, namely, on Monday, Thursday, and Satur- day, and orchestral performances every day in the afternoon. The music programme for to-day will consist of organ recitals by Messrs. Edwards, Maytnm, and F. L. Kirjg, and a varied selection of vocal music both in the afternoon and evening by the Carandini company, Our advertising column gives the names of the various pieces to be sung. At a meeting held at the Town-hall yester- day, it was decided by tho friends of Mr. Councillor M Thorson to give him a compli- mentary breakfast prior to his departure on a visit to Europe, and also to collect subscrip- tions with the view of having his full length portrait painted and hung in the City Council chamber. The breakfast will take place at tho Town-hall on Friday next, at half-past 10 a. ra. At the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, a young woman named Maria Davenish was charged with having murdered her infant child. The prisoner was' a servant at Mr. Macgregors, in that borough, and on the 15th of last month she gavo hirth to a male child, the dead body of which was subsequently found in the cesspit of the closet on that gentleman's premises. At j the inquest, held some days ago, on I the body, the jury found that the infant bad died from fracture of the skull, but that there was not sufficient evidenoe to show how the in j aries were caused. Davenish was apprehended on a charge of concealment of birth, which was yesterday altered to the graver one of murder. No evidence was taken, and she was remanded for a week. |The justices refusod bail. The application to sequestrate the estate of the firm of A. Oppenheimer and Co. was de- cided yesterday in the Supreme Court. The partnership consisted of two members Adolphe and Adolphus, the former residing in Europe, the latter in Melbourne. As origin- ally established, the Melbourne firm was merely to sell goods sent out here by the Paris partner; but the Melbourne partner entered into transactions for the purchase of goods, &c;, and incurred liabilities. The European Oppenheimer lost year objected to the state of affairs then existing, and sent out an agent to arrange them, and soon after himself came out to Melbourne. He paid some debts, but objected to others, and, being annoyed at some proceedings of the Bank of Victoria, sold the estate to his agent, and left the colonyin an assumed name; travelled overland to Adelaide, aud thence took ship for King George's Sound, where he was arrested, and whence he was brought back to Melbourne. His Honour held that there was evidence to make Adolphe respon- sible for the debts contracted by Adolphus, and that he had left the colony to avoid pay- ment of these debts, most of which he no doubt considered unjust. The order for the sequestration of the estate was therefore made absolute. Concerning the recent examination at Gee- long for the common school exhibitions, Mr. E. R. Lennon, master of the Flinders school, has furnished us with the following state- ment :-"When the boys assembled at a quarter-past 9 o'clock, they were first to have bad the grammar or English papers. By some mistake the papers had got mixed, and the first paper given to Master Ulbrick happened to be the French paper ; but this did not matter, as it had been done the day before. In going round, Mr. Main, the inspector of schools, handed Master Meyer the geographical paper. As soon as the boy took this np he saw the mis- take, and at once threw tho paper down on the floor, whore it fell and lay face down- wards. At the same time he told Mr. Main that he had given him tho wrong paper. Meyer then obtained and went on with tho English paper, and at a quarter past 11, the paper having boen answered, the boys were met at the door of the hall by Mr. Lennon, Mr. Lennon, jan., and Mr. Ulbrick. Young Master Ulbrick told his father tho mistake which had occurred, and Mr. Ulbrick at once asked Meyer' if ho had- seen the questions on the geography paper. Tho boy assured Mr. Ulbrlok that he had not looked at a single question, and Mr. Ulbrick states he fully believes the boy told the truth. By this time all the rest of the Flinders School boys had walked on to the school, and Meyer followed in company with the Messrs. Lennon. They had not reached the porch of the school when they saw Mr. Main coming after them, and turned back to meet him. Mr. Main asked the boy the same question as Mr. Ulbrick had previously done, and received tho same reply. Meyer then particularly requested that he might keop Mr. Main's company until a quarter to G p.m., when all was overt and this was actually done, Meyer being thus placed at a disadvantage, for be could not examino any books during tho intervals. At a quarter-past 12 o'clock, when the' boys reassembled, Mr, Main explained to them the mistake that had occurred, and the remedy that had been adopted, and asked thom ! if they wero all satisfied, and they at once replied in the affirmative. Mr. Main,' the inspector, asked Mr. Ulbrick, ona of tbe teachers who had three boys .competing, if ho thought that it was necessary to report the occurrence tai the board. Mr. Ulbrick at once declared emphatically that it was not necessary to do so; that he was fully satisfied with the stops adopted." The sad accident which happened to a young man named Frederick Hyde, who fell off a horizontal bar at the Turn Verein on the Otp inst, and sustained concussion of the spine, has terminated fatally, as was feared it would. The young man died yesterday morning, at about half-post 10. The fanerai tabes place this afternoon, and we have been requested to draw attention to a notice in our advertising columns respecting it. A fire occurred at abont half-past 10 o'clock on Thursday night on the premises of Mr, Talford Gedye, tobacco and cigar manufac- turer, Bridge-road, Richmond. The police reel from the Richmond depot and the Richmond Brigade arrived at about the same time, and prevented the destruction of the building, but the greater part of the stock was destroyed. The building belonged to Mr. M Egan, and was insured in the Victoria Com- pany's office ; and the stock, furniture, and fixings were insured in the same office for £350. The ordinary monthly meeting of tho council of the National Agricultural Society was held yesterday at the society's office, Kiik'B Bazaar. Present- Hon. R. Simson in the chair; and Messrs. M'Dougall, Murray, Search,"Mitchell, Bell, 'Cooper, Morton, M'Cullocb, Robertson, M'Gregor, Carmichael, and Dr. Plummer. A letter was received from the secretary of the trustees of the Public Library and National Gallery, inti- mating that the trustees would receive a deputation on Friday, Dec. 20, from the presi- dent and council of the society, relative to their request to obtain the use of the exhibition buildings and grounds for the purposes of holding their autumn exhibition of grain, &c.; Dr. Plummer proposed that all gentlemen resident outside the colony who had acted as judges at the late show without making any claim for their services, should be elected corresponding members of the society. Mr. Search seconded the motion, which was agreed to. On the motion of Mr. Mitchell, it was resolved that the secretary should be instructed to obtain specimens of wheat and other grain in the straw, and also of grasses, for the purpose of exhibition on the walls of the council chambers, the same tobe correctly labelled with the name of variety and de- scription of soil in which grown, &c.; The secretary pointed out that, in accordance with clause 14 in the rules of the society, the financial year ended December 31, on which date all members' tickets expired. Every one who had purchased a ticket this year expected to vote at the annual election in March, and obtain admission to the autumn exhibition in April next, and as anyone who now became a governor or mem- ber would consider himself qualified to have admission to the Spring Show of 1873, as well as the autumn one, it would cause great confusion. To obviate the difficulty he suggested that the financial year should terminate on 30th April and not December 31, which would permit every subscriber to vote at the annual general meeting, and also to attend two shows. On tbo; motion of Dr. Plummer, the matter was referred to a committee, consisting of the Hon. R. Simson, Messrs. M'Dougall, Mitchell, M'Culloch, M'Gregor, Search, and the mover, which was requested to report to the meeting to be held next Friday. His Honour Judge Noel, in the Insolvent Court yesterday, suspended the granting of a certificate to Jean Perdrix, of Melbourne, baker, for 12 months, on the ground that the insolvent had not kept reasonable books and accounts. The master, Captain J. A. Thompson, of the Anna, a coasting vessel trading between Melbourne and the Clarence River, was summoned before the City Bench yesterday, for à breach of the Merchants Shipping Act in wilfully harbouring and secreting deserter. He had taken on board his vessel a sailor named Thomas Henderson, who had de serted from his previous ship, without shipping bim in the usual manner, and although made aware by Henderson himself that he'was a deserter. Mr. L. A. Moody, superintendent of the Mercantile Marino department, pro- secuted, but he did not press for a heavy penalty, and the defendant was fined £1, with 10s. costs. Tenders for public works-roads and bridges -were opened yesterday, and the following were accepted ¡-Supply of 1,250 cubic yards of metal on Wood's Point road, M. C. Keppel, £520 16s. 8d. ; supply of 450 cubic yards of metal on same road, H. Petty, £219 7s. Cd. ; removing timber off road between Nar-be thong and Alexandra, E. J. Butler, £6710s. ; constructing two timber bridges at Walhalla, E. andK Miller, £7777s. 8d. The lowest tender for constructing two and a half miles of the Melbourne and Lillydale road in two portions was- Samuel Willis, £3,365 13s. 6d" but the umount was considerably above that which bad been set apart for the work, so the Vice' President (Mr. Gillies) said that the tender would be accepted for only part of the worki at the rate of £3,305. The tenders for completing the Wanengatta River bridge were too high, and it was intimated that fresh tenders would bo called for. A criminal well known to the police as Jack the Sailor, but whose name in full is John William Proctor, was taught at the City Court yesterday the danger of volunteering evidence criminating his own character, with the object of clearing that of a friend. A short time ago a man named Thomas Moran, or Tommy the Nut, was charged with assault- ing and robbing a labourer, John Lewis, who had been garotted and robbed of some money in a lane off Little Bourke-street on the night of September 7. Proctor, who was in gaol when the case came on, was brought up on habeas, and avowed himself guilty of the crime, and his friend was conse- quently discharged. When the prisoner had finished his sentence, he was re-arrested for the offence he had confessed, and was com- mitted for trial at the City Court yesterday. The concert whioh was given in the Botanic gardenB last Saturday afternoon for the bene- fit of the Children's Hospital, turned out so successful in its results that the ladies who bave interested themselves in advancing the prospects of eo praiseworthy an institution, bave resolved upon giving two more concerts in the same place. The funds available for providing treatment for the sick children of the poor have not hitherto been large in amount, and any means of increasing them aro of course gladly taken advantage of. The ladies havo been granted tbo use of the gardens for two additional concerts. The first will bo held this day week ; the second on some Saturday in January, A meeting was to have been held in the Insolvent Court yesterday, in the estate of George Miller, formerly well-known in Mel- bourne as an estate broker, the object of the meeting being to consider a resolution carried at a previous meeting, under which certain creditors agreed to accept a compo- sition of Id. in the £, but when the case was called on thero was no appearance, and the meeting thereforo lapsed. An action was tried in the County Court yesterday in which a proceeding of rather a suspicious character was brought to light Dr. Von Baghs, a teacher of foreign lan- guages, sued the Rev. J. S.Waugh, president of Wesley College, to recover the sum of £60 for breach of agreement. He had been engaged at Wesley College for some years as an instructor in French and German, his engagement commencing during the lifetime of the late Dr. Corrigan, principal of the college. A short time since, however, he was obliged to leave his situation in consequence of a disagreement with the Rev. J. S. Waugh, and he brought this action to recover damages for an alleged breach of contract He produced in court an agreement dated the 22nd Januaryr 1869. and signed "Dr. Corrigan." The authenticity of this document was impugned, as it differred very considerably, both in regard to the terms at which the plaintiff had been engaged and otherwise, from the professed duplicate of the agreement which was in the possession of the Rev. J. S. Waugh. The peculiar form of the signature "Dr. Corrigan," without the Chris- tian name, was also deemed a suspicious circumstance, and a verdict was given for the defendant. The supposititious agreement was impounded on the application of Mr. G. P. Smith, who intimated that ulterior proceed- ings would be taken. After the ineffectual attempt to discover the missing prisoners from the Pentridge Stockade on Thursday evening up to half «past 7 o'clock, tho inspector-general gave orders that every effort ahould be made to prevent their escaping during the night, as it was thought they were concealed within the precincts of the stockade. Accordingly the chain of sentries which surrounds that portion of the prison when the convicts are at labour was kept up until morning, the guard being relieved at half.paat 7 o'clock and 12 midnight At 6 o'clock, tho search was resumed, and continued during the entire day, but without success, no duo having been obtained to tho missing men. A very melancholy and fatal accident oc. cnrred at Brunswick yesterday afternoon, resulting in the drowning of'two little chil- dren, aged ten and three years respectively. It appears that after leaving school the de- ceased girl and boy, with another child, went down to the Merri Creek with a barrow, the little fellow riding therein. On reaching the side of tha creek, which is very precipitous, the barrow capsized, when the child rolled down the bank into the water. His sister, without a moment's hesitation, plunged in to the rescue, but only to meet with a watery grave. The third child raised an alarm immediately, and ran screaming away, but it was. some time before assistance could bo procured. Half an hour's search brought the girl to the surface, and every effort was made to restore animation, without success. Another half-hour elapsed before the boy was recovered. Tho parents, Carl Reitschel and wife, were deeply distressed ; and have only just been relieved from another very distressing though less painful position, by receiving notice to quit the tenement they were residing in, which they built by their own industry and care, and regarded as their own. It would appear that Mr. E. De Carle, recently drowned in New Zealand, gave them the | land, but by some oversight no con- veyance was issued, and the land having fallen into other hands, the above-mentioned notice was received, from the operation of which they had just been relieved by public subscription. The fine weather yesterday caused the attendance on the Smythesdale Racecourse to be much better than on Thursday. The racing was poor, there being only one exciting event in the day's sport Beeswing won the Selling Hurdle Race, Warrawing being the only other starter. Kingfisher won tho Ladies' Purse with the groatest ease, heating two others. Planet carried off the Grenville Handicap, the Leonidas colt being socond, and Blue Peter third. The Selling Race was won by Teddington, beating three others. Thomas Grève, a cook, aged 46, residing at Belinda-vale station, was admitted to the Melbourno Hospital yesterday, having had bis i ankle broken while "larking" with another man in a publichouse at Belinda vale. The annual distribution of prizes won by pupils of Hofwyl School, Barkly- street, St. Kilda, took place in the Assembly-hall in that borough last night, under the presidency of the Hon. J. W. Stepben Attorney General, and in the presence of a large company. The programme of the proceedings .Comprised an olio of songs, readings, and recitations, which were exe- cuted very creditably by some of the boys of the sohool. Mr. A Gillespie (principal of the school) read his first annual report which stated that during the year J. W. Lush, a pupil, had been successful in passing the July, matriculation examination at the University in the following subjects: French, Latin, Algebra, Arithmetic, English, and Geography. The Chairman, in acknow- ledging a vote of thanks passed to him 'for presiding, said that one of the most pleasant enjoyments of tho Christmas season was that of seeing the progress of the rising generation, for witnessing which that season afforded so many opportunities. Thoy all owed much to the University, for, amongst other things, the great encouragement which it had given to schools in the midst of them. He remembered the time when people used to say that it was quite out of the question to expect to havo boys educated without send- ing them to England. But sonding them to England was very Hnpleasant and dan- gerous ; and ho believed that as good an education could now be got for boys hore as in England, and in some respects the colonial education was better. A very showy education could be got in England, and a groat äeal of money could be spent on it Education at Eton, Harrow, and Rugby, for instance, cost a large amount of money, but it might turn out well or ill, It was quite a toss-up how it ended. In spite of all that had been said about larrikins, he had noticed, as regarded boys educated at this and other schools in the colony, that they were im- proving year by year in gontlemanly do meanour and conduct; and he thought that that was a very hopeful sign as to the future of the colony. The foi lowing are the principal prizes awarded: Latin, R. Little; algebra, E. H. Bardwell; geometry, C, Smellie ; arithmetic, E. H. Bardwell ; mental arithmetic, G. Dougharty ; history, W. C. Young ; English, C. Smellie ; geography, R. Strachan ; writing, R. Strachan ; French, R. Strachan ; mapping, J. W. Lush ; most popular boy (chosen by ballot), E. H, Bardwell ; greatest number of marks, C. Smellie ; eloontion, R. Little A race between two fours of the Richmond Club will be rowed this afternoon, on the Upper Yarra, over the usual regatta course, starting at half-past 3 p.m. The crews will be :-North Station-Whittle (stroke), Hand- ley, .Massina, Sullivan ; South Station M'Donald (stroke), Jenkins, Leech, and Smart The contest will be for a trophy. A yacht and skiff Irace for the Albert-park Lagoon Club cups will take place on the lagoon. The Fitzroy and Richmond Union bowling clubs meet this afternoon, on tho ground of the former, for a two and a half hours' match, commencing at half- past 3 o'clock. Tho players aro requested to bo on tho green by 3 p.m., A match is arrangod to be played on tho West Molbourne bowling-green this afternoon betwoen the Prince Alfred and Westl Melbourne clubs, play to commence at 3 p.m. The trial fours of the Early-closing Associa- tion Rowing Club, which were to have taken place to-day, have been postponed until Saturday, 21st inst. The East Melbourne Cricket Club sends out three teams this afternoon, The first eleven match against tho M.C.C., for Wills's benefit, will be continued on the Melbourne ground at 2 p.m. The second eleven match between these clubs will be continued at tho same hour on the E.M. ground, while a third eleven, consisting of Messrs. Aitken, Carson, Fearon, George, Johnson, Moule, M'Mur trio, Topp,'Thomas, Wade, and Wilmoth, will play an eloven of the Malvern C.C, on the ground of the latter. The above-named players are requested to moot at tho suburban railwaV, station at half-past L A chal- lenge ,cup match will bo commenced to- day at South Melbourne, botwoen tho South Melbourno Club and tho Carlton Club, this being tho first appearanoo of the Carlton players in the cup match. They have been awarded t> handicap oi 15 men, The match will be commenced at 2 o'clock. A second eleven of the South Melbourne Club will start from the Bush Inn, Elizabeth street, at a quarter to 2, for Essendon, to tCeet an eleven of the Ascot Vale Club. Thô following matches are also arranged for this afternoon ¡-Hotham first oloven v. Hotham Union sixteen, in Royal-park ; first elevens of Richmond Union and East Colling- wood, in Richmond paddock ; St, Kilda v. Fitzroy, on the ground of the former ; second eleven of Richmond Union v. first oloven of Railway, in Richmond- paddock ; Eastern-hill v. George-street, in Richmond-paddock ; Essendon v. South Melbourne, at Essendon ; St. Vincent v. Starlight, in Richmond paddock ; Melbourne and Hobson'a Bay Railway v. Commercial, on Lonsdale groand ; and employés of Messrs. J. M'Ewan and Co. and Messrs. Briscoe and Co. The matches University v. Yarra Bend, and Richmond v. Fitzroy, are postponed. A very determined attempt at suicide is reported by our correspondent at Ararat. A lad of 17 years of age, Edwin Foster, a mere boy in appearance, in the employment of Mr. Gustav Pohle, a baker, was told on Wednes- day morning that his services would not be required after the week was ont, and the notice seems to have been taken to heart very much. In the course of tho day the youth, by'means of a trumped-up story about a fellow-servant being half dead with the toothache, procured a shilling's worth of laudanum from alchemist to whom he was known, and having returned to hi3 work, swallowed the dose. An hour or more after- wards, when the drug began to take effect, he repented of his action, and told wbfit he had done. He was at first disbelieved, but his strange look and the possession of the phial affording confirmation to his statement, medical aid was called in, and he was found to bo suffer- ing under the influence of the poison. Emotics wofo given, the Btomach pump was applied, and the contents of the stomach were dis- charged. For some time his condition was veryprecarious.fromthelengthoftimothedrug had been allowed to operate on his system unchecked. The exertions of Mr. Law.surgeon, were, however, successful, and the lad is now in a fair way of rocovery. It appears that this is not the first time he has attempted or threatened to destroy himself. He is an orphan, but has relatives residing in the neighbourhood. Tho Bendigo Advertiser reports that on Thursday afternoon a boy named Joseph Hill was killed in Mr. George Lansell's Thanet claim, Flora Reef, Back Creek. At about half-past 3 o'clock the boy was standing at one of the levels, about to ascend to the surface in the cage,- his day's work having been finished. He stepped upon a plank, and was in the act of mounting the skip, when he unfortunately missed his footing, and fell to tbe ¡bottom of the shaft, a distance of near 120ft. When found he was quite insensible, his jhead and breast being shattered by the violence of tbo fall. Life was not extinct, but ! he only survived a few minutes, and expired before he was raised to the surface. "It is satisfactory to leam," says the Pall Hall Gazette, " that tho third clause of Mr. Muntz's Adulteration Bill has given great offence to certain manufacturers of art icios of daily consumption, who havo hitherto plundered and poisoned the public with im- punity. Some of the wholesale houses havo refused to deal in many cocoas, mustards, and (spices, unless they receive a guarantee from1 the manufacturer that the article in question is genuine, or that the outer wrapper or tin containing adulterated articles bears a la>el stating the composition of the mix- ture Whether, as the Food Journal suggests, any manufacturer will label a canister of cocoa 'a mixture of brown sugar, flour, and refuse biscuit, with a trace of cocoa for flavour,' or a tin of mustard as ' a mixturo of Hour, cayenne pepper, tumeric, and mustard,* it islof course impossible to say boforehand ¡ but it is quite certain that in many cases no other labels would describe the articles in question with any approach to accuraoy. Thero could not, however, bo any moro gratifying testimony to the efficiency of Mr. Muntz's act than the consternation which it is thus said to be causing among tbe wholesale adulterators of food. Thero really does seem some prospect that, if the act is vigilantly enforced and i ho |pendKties under it rigorously in ilicted, we may actually succeed in bringing about a state of things in which wo shall be able to obtain such articles of consumption as we require in a state approaching to purity. Wbo^i this consummation is attained, tho public, who, knowing tho quality of the articles they now buy, are at present rather apathetic on tho subject of correct weights and measures, will perhaps begin to bestir themselves to put down this kind of roguery also.V The successful comedy of "Socioty" con- tinues to draw largo houses at the Theatro Royal. It will be repeated to-night. "Amy Robsart" is still retained in tho bills at the Prince of Wales Opera- house, and the popularity of this drama does not appear to be waning as yet. The drama of "Six teen-string Jack," to be followed by "Handy Andy," is announced to be played at the Princess's Theatro this evening. Madame Cora de Lamond, the lady magi- cian, has continued her entertainment at St Oeorge's-hall very successfully during the week. There will be some changos in tho programme this evening, The annual speech-day of the Scotch College takes place at the Melbourno Athen amm on Tuesday next, at 2 o'clook. We have been requested to direct attention to the anniversary services of the Emerald bill Wesleyan Sabbath-school, which take place to-morrow and on Tuesday next. The first of a series of lectures in connexion with the Melbourne Athenreum will be de- livered in tho new hall of tho institution by Sir Redmond Barry on Monday evening, at 8 o'clock, the subject being "Music and Poetry." « Tho committee of tho Melbourne Homo report as follows for the month of November: -Registrations-Governesses, 1 ; servants, 35. Engagements- Governesses, 0; servants, 31. InmotoB-Governessos, 4 ; neodlowomen, 4 ; servants. 27 ; staff, 4. Number in the homo on the 30th November (staff inclusive), 23. The first annual meeting of the share- holders of the Standard Building and Invest- ment Society was hold on Wednesday at the socioty's officos, Elizabeth-street, Mr. James Smith in the chair. The receipts for tho month wero announced to bo £733 18s. The roport and balance sheet wero roceivod and adopted, and the following gentlomon elected officebearers for the ensuing yoar :-Prosidont, Mr. James Smith ; treasurer, Mr. C. J. Ham ; committee, Messrs. A. Ellis. J. M'Lean, Samuel Lazarus, Thomas Smith, J. Zoven boom, J. S. Hart, J. Noono. B.W. Lee, and E. L. Zox ; stewards, C. J. Pruon and A. Zevenboom. The usual weokly meeting of thocommittoo of management of the Immigrants'Aid Socioty was hold yesterday, at the home, Prince's bridge. Present-Messrs. Woolley (in the chair), Griffiths, Dickson, and Oliphant The state of the home was reported as follows : - Number romaining lost weok, 420 ; admitted since, 120 ; discharged, 129 ; remaining, 417, comprising 213 men, 91 women, and 83 children. At tho same time ¡last year thero wero 217 mon, 88 women, and 83 children. Of tho men, 86 aro sick or infirm, 4 stone-breaking, 143 oakum- picking, &c.;, and 10 working outside. Of the women, 10 are sick or infirm, 12 in tho laundry, 2 at needlework, 57 hair-teasing, &C; and 4 working outside. Outdoor relief has been givon to 20 families or 78 indi- viduals, on presenting the relief cards of tho society. . 