TOPICS OF THE DAY. His Honor Mr. Justice Gwynne will ait to take Equity business this morning. A correspondent informs us that he saw a brown snake about four feet long crossing. a gravel walk in the Cemetery on Sunday. The interminable Border duties ques tion is still unsettled. We understand that the latest overture upon tbe subject is from the Government of New South Wales, who propose an Intercolonial Conference on this and other questions, to be held in Sydney some time in November. It is reported that the Omeo on her return will bring to Adelaide a quantity of quarts from Westcott'fl reef to be crushed here; so that we shall then have a fair idea of the character of the stone at Yam Creek, and of the prospects of the pioneer Gold Mining Com pany in tbe Northern Territory. The gnnnftl Committee ftfjeeting of the Stow Church Sunday-school Juvenile Missionary Society was held an Monday evening, when Mr. Lu Grayson, the President, occupied the chair. Favorable reports were received from the Secretary and Treasurer. Considerable pro gress h&d; been made, and it was stated that about £80 would be handed over to the parent Society. Mr. Dumas, chemist, has invented a " washing fluid," particulars of which are given in our business columns. He left a bottle with us which we placed in tbe hands *f an ex perienced housekeeper, who informs us that it goes far to carry out all that is said in its favor in the advertisement. So satisfied was this lady with the fluid, that she says she will Us* it regularly. The services attendant upon the open ing of the new hall connected with Stow Church, Flinders-street, were commenced on Monday evening by a meeting of a devotional character. The pastor of Stow Church (the Be v. C. B. Symes, B. A.) presided. Portions of Scrip, tore were read, and prayer offered by members of the Church. To-night the services will be continued by tea and public meetings. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Satur day and the ■«««? hour on AEonday. September 30, is registered as follows:— Adelaide ... OOSO Goolwa ... 0-030 Kapunda ... 0040 McGrath's Flat 0-060 Clare 0-100 Kobe Town ... 0-090 Mount Barter.. 0U45 Mount Gambier 0-130 Strathalbyn ... 0-160 Penola 0040 NormanviJle ... 01)35 Ksrracoorto ... o*loo PortEUiot ... (HM6 On Monday evening, September 30, an entertainment was given in the schoolroom in connection with the St. Luke's Literary Asso ciation—Key. Mr. Pollit in the chair—consist, ing of readings, recitations, Jfcc After a few instructive remarks from the Chairman, the programme was proceeded with by tbe mem. ben. The attendance was all that could be desired,*- as were also the readings. After singing the meeting closed, Mr. Jas. Scott has been getting more gold from his section near Mount Pleasant, and, believing that a v Juable reef must exist near the alluvial, he has resolved to offer tka pro perty to the public iu 20,000 shares of £1 each, on terms set forth in an advertisement appear ing in another column. Since the 16th of July 920 ounces of gold have, tbe proprietor states, been obtained from the section. This looks more like a genuine laatang diggings than any* thing we have yet had in the colony. The comedy of "A Friend in Need" ™ .played again at the Boyal on Monday evening to a capital home and greatly enjoyed. The tariesgu? of "Ike Fair One with the Goldenl?ock?"foUowed I md<?Uedforthfrequent andhearty laughterfrom allpartsof the Theatre. Tho scenery and costumes were very much admired and the mechanical effects faultless. The local hits were entertuning, the songs and dances excessively comic, and (be fan tho roughly kept up to the conclusion. To night the performanoe will commence with the corned v of " Stall Waters Bon Deep," to conclude with the burlesque of "The Fair One with the Golden Locks." The following is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dtrwin Telegraph lone:—Pott Angasta, S., light, cloudy; Peltana, S.E., light, fine; Strangways Springs, S., fresh, cloudy i The Peake, 8., light, overcast; Charlotte Waters, S.E., fresh, cloudy, showery, heavy rain Sun- j day; Alias Springs, calm, cloudy, gloomy, showery, thunder on Sunday; Barrow Creek, S.K., light, fiae, cloudy; Tennant Creek, «., light, overcast; Powell Creek, calm, overcast, dose-. Daly Waters, S.E., moderate, fine; Katharine, S.EL, light, fiae, dear; Port Darwin, &&, light, hazy, ward. No change in cable. I The following are the weights for the two leading events of the Adelaide Hunt Club Steeplechase Meeting, to take place 19th Oc tober :—Adelaide Hunt Club Cup, four mile?.— Gipsy Girl, 12 st 4 lbs. ; Celt, 11 st 7 lbs.; Un known, llit 4 lbs.; Phantom, 11 st 4 lbs. : Tatiara, 10 st. 4 lbs.; Priam, 10 et. • Path finder, 10 at; Cora, 10 st.; Forester, 9st 9 lbs.; Eclipse, 9 st. 6 lbs. Hunters' Stakes, three miles.—Gipsy Girl, 11 st 8 lbs.; Celt M st. 10 lbs. ; Unknown, 10 st 10 lbs.; Phantom, 10 st 10 lbs.; Scandal, 10 st 4 lbs.; Leapyear, 10 st 4 lbs. ; Taicbourini, 9 st 12 lbs. • I'rUm. 9st 6 lbs.; Pathfinder, 9st 6 lbs. ; Eclipse, 9 st.; Beoleroo Tommy, 8 et. C lbs. The Victorian Minister of Lands has, it is said, been inundated with applications fir the appointment of Secretary to the proposed department of agriculture, from all parts of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. "Each letter is accompanied by the prescribed essay—in many instances of such volume as to tend to the belief that the writer hod penned a> history of his life rather than a brief trea'ise on the advantages of an agricaltonl depart ment As judges will have to be appointed, who will have to wade through the numerous contributions to agricultural science, in order to select the writer mos- worthy of the appoint ment a considerable time must elapse before any decision can be arrived at" According to the Melbourne Age, during a recent kitting of the Equity Appeal Court, Mr. Justice Williams received a tele gram from Kurope, informing him of the death of his daughter. His Honor was so much affected by this intelligence that he left the beuch, and did not resume his place for the rest of the day. The melancholy circumstances under which the death occurred are briefly these:—Mrs. Williams, Miss Williams, and another young lady were travelling in Switzer land. On returning to their hotel after a suc cessful ascent of one of tho mountains, the two young ladies turned aside to visit a celebrated grotto in the neighborhood, while Mrs. Williams proceeded to the hotel. The grotto was ex ceedingly chilly. Bud oa returning into the warm aanahine Hisa Williams became suddenly giddy, or fainted, and, falling over a precipice, was instantaneously killed. Twenty-nine earthquakes are recorded as having been felt in New Zealand list year. Of these disturbances Wellington is credited with no fewer than 1L The " circumstance may be accounted for fey the {met well known in nautical and scientific circles, that the town of Wellington is situated upon die lip of a large volcanic crater, at present covered by the waters of Cook's Straits. The soundings show there a large circular basin considerably deeper than the surrounding parts of the strait?, and it ia generally believed that it ia from this unseen centre that the disturbances proceed. If so, itshoW?that voicanicaction there, though comparatively quiescent for some years past, hu not ceased, and the fcarfnUhonght cwnot be kept from making itself felt at times that a more than nsuaUy energetic upheaval may take place, as has frequently been expe rienced in other earthquake regions, and tbat the 'EmpireCity' may become suddenly blotted out from the geography of New Zealand." The following are the entries for the athletic sports at the Exhibition Grouuds on Saturday next;—First Event—loo Yards Uace (for boys under IG yean). In heats. —A. K. Wigg, J. <■. Bailey, J. O. Sunter, R. B. Campbell, E. W. Durien, Thos. Davidson, W. JL Carter, If. A. Gooden, J. Spokes, E. W. Richardson, K. Sholl, 3. T. Green. Second Krent—Handicap 100 Yard? (all comers). —A. E. Wige, A. Short, T. Duryea, jou., H. R Trevorah, U. Harriss, J. Horcom, J. H. Brock maun, C. Page, A, Fisher, TV". G. Rhodes, J. James S. Morcom, J. F. Mullen, A. Newman, T. Morcom, A. Gorr, C. Wallmann, Y. Kap plcr, W. Tfige''"') K- W. Stiinea, A. W. Jones, J. W. Sanderson, E. J. Far nelL, M. Higgtns, F. Stanes, O. P. Stanton. Wa Event—Two Mile "Walking Handicap.— J. W. Ellis, John Folkinghoro, H. Hawfces, C. Het&rington.; W. D. Weir, 2*. Kldridge, A. B. \ly, 5. Foale. Fourth Event—3Bo Yards Handicap (all-comets). —W. S. Harcey, A, Short, T. Uuryea, jun., H. P. Trevorah, Chss. Pa^e, W. G. «> nodes, JamesJ&mes;, A.Kew?in, Allen Gurr, O. Wallmanu, W. Higgins, K. W. Starrei. J. Candy, M. Higgins, E. J. Clark, C. From, C. P. Staaton, F. Goodfellow. Fifth Event—Hewitt v. Bird.—One mile match. Sixth Event.—Parade for neatest costume. Seventh Event—Walking Match of One Mile. —T. Eldridge, G. H. Smith. Eghth Event— Half-mile Handicap (all comers).—A. W. Jones, W. J. Milner, Arthur Short, C. A. Mgmont, C. Goodfellow, J. C. Bailey. A. Newman, Win. i- iggins, J. W, Sacdexson, F. S. Hewitt, J. Jenkins, A. E. Bird. C. J. Clarke, M. Biggins, B. J. ForneU, F. Keedham. The anniversary services in connection with tke Kent Town WesLeyau Church were commenced on Sunday, September 29, when three sermons were delivered, the Her. W. P. Wells officiating in the morning, and the Kev. & Kuight in the afternoon and evening. There were large congregations, nnd the services were of a thoroughly interesting character. The services were continued ou Monday by tea and public meetings, which were both very largely at tended. The latter meeting was presided over by Mr. W. Lougbottom, who apologised for the ab sence—through indisposition—of Mr. J. Colton. The financial report w.s read, and showed a debt upon the building of about £2,000. Men tion w<as made of an order having been sent to London for an organ, which woield cost, with all charges, about £600, and which it was antici pated would arrive within 12 months. The Bev. W. P. Walls then gave a short address, ex pressing a. hope that sufficient money would be raised to pay for the organ before its arrival, so that money raised during next year might go towards the Liquidation of the church debt. He trusted the various agencies connected with the Church might be blessed, and that still greater earnestness might be manifested in the cause of the Church. Mr. J. A. Hartley, 8.A., B.Sc, congratulated the Church upon the evident sympathy which was shown by the presence of members of other Churches, and expressed a siocere hope that efforts would be made to re- , duce the church debt. The Kev. 8. Knight next delivered an earnest address upon the duties and privileges of Christian life, after which the Revs. T. James, T. Burgess, and W. L Sinks addressed the meeting. The total proceeds, exclusive of liberal promises, amount to about £50. Mr. Haleonibe, writing to the Minister of Public Warks in New Zealand, on the sub ject of Danish and Norwegian immigrant*, Bays —" Aa a role, the Danes are physically nimble to contend with the hardships of a pioneer settler's life; and while the Norwegians house themselves comfortably with the rode materials at their command, are able to make good wage* immediately on setting to work, and surround themselves with many simple comforts, and are, moreover, cheerful and con tented as a rule, the Danes are shiftless, thrift less, unable to work with the axe, and not very eager to learn, and are, therefore, unable to earn nearly as much as their neighbors, and, as a result, are discontented, unreasonable in their expectations from Government, and ready to magnify every little unavoidable difficulty into a great grievance. Nothing can be more marked than the contrast presented at the Matterton Camp between the two nationalities. The tem porary huts of the two parties are erected close together, the Danes on the one side of a. sort of street, the Norwegians on the other. The houses of the Norwegians are comfortable, ex quisitely clean, and in most cases even taste fully decorated, their inhabitants clean, cheerful, and contented. As the result of two months' work, the Norwegian party have paid their store account for their two months'supplies in foil, and they have to draw for one month's work besides, which will probably, most of it, be paid to the Government In partial liquida tion of their debt for passage, kc. The Danes, on the other side of the street, are compara tively poorly housed; there is no sign of com fort or thrift about their rooms—their houses and persons are filthy. They are heavily in debt l? the storekeeper; and though they have had, per head, nearly SO per cent, more food supplied than the Norwegians, they complain that they ace not allowed to run more heavily into debt. Having in view the additional diffi culty which must result to the Government in recouping itself advances for passages, tie., made to the latter class of men, and the fear that a large number of them will marge into ,the 'loafing' element of the community, I desire to suggest the desirability of encouraging the Norwegian and discouraging the Danish immigration as far *s possible, and of exercising a far more stringent supervision over the selec tion of the latter immigrants than have been obtained in the case of the two shipments already made. I desire to point out that the mixed emigration of Norwegians and Danes is a mistake, in consequence of tie existence of a very bitter national feeling of animosity between them, which prevents their co- operating in any thing, however muoh it might be to their mntual advantage to work together," 