SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Home politics have been very quiet throughout the past month. During most of the time Ministers have been enjoying their holidays, but several Cabinet meetings have been held, and it is said that the draftsmen are busily engaged in preparing measures for the coming session. As the same statement, however, is always made during every recess, very little attention is paid to it. One of the most important items of the month's news is, that the negotia- tions between the Governments of Vic- toria and New South Wales for the pur- pose of coming to some arrangement by which the collection of Customs duties on the River Murray might be avoided have ended in utter failure. The treaty between the two colonies under which, in lieu of the border duties, Victoria paid to New South Wales £60,000 per annum, terminated by effluxion of time yesterday, and to-day the Custom-house officers will probably be busily en- gaged on both sides of the river collect- ing the imposts belonging to the two colonies. This most inconvenient result is entirely to be attributed to the obsti- nacy of Sir James Martin, the Premier of New South Wales, and to the un- reasonable nature of the demands made by his Government. At the Intercolonial Conference, held some time since in Melbourne, Sir James Martin asked that Victoria should pay £100,000 per annum instead of £60,000. He, however, produced no statistics to prove the justice of so large an increase, and of course our Government declined to enter into any treaty upon a basis so ob- viously unfair to this country. Subse- quently, in consequence of resolutions passed by the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, Sir James Martin recommenced negotiations, offering to take the £60,000, and any further sum which, from statistics to be collected by officers of both colonies, might appear due to the sister colony. To this Mr. Duffy replied that such an arrange- ment was unfair. If New South Wales was to get any addition to the £60,000 to which it was proved she was entitled, she should also consent to take a less sum if that amount turned out to be too much ; in fact, what Mr. DUFFY contended for was that New South Wales should receive just so much as the statistics to be collected showed her to be entitled to and no more. It is difficult to imagine any fairer proposition, but Sir James Martin refused to accede to it, and announced his intention of collect- ing the duties upon the expiration of the treaty. When, however, the Par- liament of New South Wales met, Mr. Forster, in the Legislative Assembly, tabled the following resolution :—" That the terms offered by the Government of Victoria were reasonable, and ought to have been accepted ; that the collec- tion of Customs duties by the Govern- ment of this colony upon the Murray River border is highly inexpedient ; and that immediate steps should be taken to obviate any necessity for the collection of any such duties." The debate lasted for two days, and at its termination the Government were de- feated by a majority of 37 to 23. Sir James Martin having taken a day or two to consider, announced that the Government were determined to adhere to their policy and to collect the duties, and added that he had advised His Excellency the Governor to dissolve the House. He said that he should ask for three months' supplies prior to the dissolution. Upon this statement Mr. Forster gave notice of a contingent resolution, to the effect that supplies should only be granted conditionally that the border customs be not enforced until the new Parliament has had an opportunity of expressing itself thereon. The latest information upon this ques- tion will be found in our telegraphic in- telligence. The revenue returns for the quarter, six months, and year ending on the 31st of December, 1871, have been pub- lished. Each period shows an increase, when compared with the corresponding period of the preceding twelve months. The income for the quarter was £822,903 12s. 5d. as against £783,050 3s. 7d., the revenue for the last three months of 1870 showing an increase of £39,853 8s. 10d.; that for the six months was £1,831,510 15s. 3d., as against £1,629,383 16s. 7d, exhibiting an increase of £202,120 18s. 8d.; and that for the year shows a total of £3,519,888 19s. 7d., or £275,287 8s. 11d. more than that for the previous year, which was £3,244,601 10s. 8d. These returns are of course very satisfac- tory regarded from a purely revenue point of view, but the satisfaction which is at first felt at the increased income is very materially interfered with by an examination of the details, which disclose the unpleasant fact that the addi- tional revenue is principally derived from the new protective Customs duties— which press heavily upon all classes of consumers, whilst they have almost ruined our intercolonial trade—and from the sale of Crown lands far in excess of the estimate. A system of drawbacks on soft goods has been brought into operation during tile month by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, but it is of but comparatively little service, as nearly all the articles in which a heavy intercolo- nial trade has hitherto been done are excluded from the list. No doubt there are great difficulties in the way of a satisfactory settlement of the matter, .and these difficulties only prove how very foolish-it is needlessly to meddle with the free course of trade. The Ministry were entertained at a banquet, at Creswick, on the 30th ulfc., and they have accepted invitations to similar entertainments in several other places. This feasting is what Mr. Duffy terms placing himself in communica- ' tion with tho people. It Í3 in fact ' nothing of the sort. It would be difficult to form a Ministry to which, at any place of importance, < a dinner could not be got up by their friends, but the dinner would mean ' nothing, and no one knows this better than Mr. Duffy, but then he also ' knows that it is something to make an , impression, and he spares no labour to do this. His speech at the Cres- wick dinner consisted of little else i than the most egotistic laudation of ' himself and his political career, coupled j with furious denunciations of all who are daring enough to oppose him. He was vociferously cheered by the hundred persons who dined with him, and the Chief Secretary was, or pretended to be, satisfied. Two pieces of in- . formation were, however, elicited from his colleagues. The surveys for j the new railways are to be immedi- ately proceeded with, and by the out- going mail orders will be sent home for 4,000 tons of railway iron. Mr. Vale also promised that if his system of draw- backs was not satisfactory it should be altered. It is not satisfactory, and the sooner a chango is made the better. < SOCIAL. The news brought by the last Californian mail regarding the dangerous illness of the ' Prince of Wales produced throughout the community a feeling of great anxiety and concern. The intelligence extended only to the 12th December, and at that date it was reported the Prince's life was despaired of. Happily, however, the mail from Galle, which had a fortnight's later dates, brought more favourable tidings, and it is hoped that by this time the Prince may be convalescent. Though good progress has bean made by the South Australian Government with the trans- continental telegraph line which is to connect with the Indo-European submarine cable at Port Darwin, the work is not yet completed, neither has it yet been found practicable to establish the proposed system of horse ex- presses to bridge over the territory not yet crossed by the wires. Efforts are, however, still being made to do so, and the work of erecting the telegraph is also being pushed on with all possible energy. The rival line, undertaken by the Queensland Government, from Brisbane to Normanton, a distance of 1,455 miles, has been completed, but there still exists a great gulf between the latter point and Port Darwin, to where the cable is laid, and under present arrangements com- munication between the two places cannot be established. The appointment of Mr. Childers as agent-gcneral vice Mr. Verdon, has been gazetted. His appointment dates from the day on which he shall have entered upon the duties of his office. The resignation of Mr. Verdon is accepted from the day on which he relinquishes the duties of his office. In view of the expected completion of the first section of the North-Eastern Railway at an early date, an inspection of the line has been ordered, and is now in progress. Notice has been given by the Govern- ment to the contractors, that if the line is not ready for traffic by the 1st April, the penalties named in the conditions of contract will be enforced. The engineer-in- chief has recently visited the line, and is of opinion that if the contractors use great exertions, which they have promised to do, it will be possible to open the first section to a point about two and a half miles south of the proposed station at Seymour during the first half of the month of April. With regard to the proposed new lines, viz., from Ballarat to Ararat, from Ballarat to Maryborough, from Castlemaine to Maryborough, and from Geelong to Colac, the necessary surveys have been entered upon. Two other survey parties have been despatched, the one along the line from Ballarat to Ararat, and the other along the line from Castlemaine to Maryborough, so as to enable tenders to be invited for the first portions of those lines, both according to the gauge now in use and that known as the narrow gauge. A period of continuous hot weather during the early part of the month causing a more than ordinary demand for water has made plain the fact that the present means of supplying Melbourne and the suburbs with this necessary element are altogether inada- quate. The rapid growth of the city has been accompanied by a corresponding extension of the sub-mains and services, while at the same time no provision has been made for enlarg- ing the means of supply. During some of the very hot days, whole districts on the higher levels were without water, and great suffering and inconvenience resulted. As a temporary expedient, the plan was adopted of dividing Melbourne and the suburbs into three districts, and giving an intermittent supply to each. This arrangement, though an infringement, of the Water Supply Act, was generally acquiesced in, and it worked very well. Localities which had been without a drop of water for a week obtained a supply at regular intervals during the 24 hours, and the evil was to a certain extent abated. Rain coming, and the weather getting cooler, there was less demand on the Yan Yean pipes, and it has been found unnecessary to continue the intermittent system. But the difficulty has only been temporarily avoided, and will have to be met without delay. So far as the actual supply of water is concerned there has never been any deficiency, noi is' lhere likely to bo. At the time when tho com- plaints wero greatest, the Yan Yean Reservoir, which is capablo of containing G,000,000,000 gallons, was nearly full, tho depth of tin water being 24ft. oin., while tho full dopth is not more than 25ft. The cause of the insuffi- cient supply is simply the inadequacy of tim mains to convey enough water to fill the almost countless branches radiating to all Darts of tho city and suburb». From tho Yan Yean to the service reservoir at Preston, from whence tho water is brought by two mains of 24 inches diameter to Melbourne, there is only a single main of 27 inches. The quantity of water discharged by this! main is 6,000,000 gallons, every 12 hours, which is insufll cient when thore is any extra demand, and hence it is that with a full reservoir at Yan Yean, the service pipes in many localities uro often empty. A second main from the Yan Yean to the Preston reservoir would, of course, cure all irregularity and deficiency in the supply, but the cost would bo over £200,000, and as pipes would have to bn ordeied from England the work coutd scarcely bo carried out under two years. Another plan, however, has been sug- gested. Mr. C. J. Taylor, late engineer at the Yan Yean, who was recently instructed to report on tho subject, has recommended that instead of a second main being con- structed, water should be conveyed from tlio reservoir by_ an open aqueduct and fluming - a plan which would cost 40 per cent, less than that of the main, while it would ha vu the great advantage of saving from nino to 12 months' timo, and of being completed at a sufficiently early date to meet the neces- sities of next summer. Tho advisability of increasing the initial wator supply, though there is no immediate necessity for so doing, has been considered, and threo schemes have been suggested. The first is the diversion into the Plenty of the King Parrot Creek and other streams which flow north of the Dividing Range tolhe Gonlburn ; the second is the construction of another roservoir at Sugarloaf Creek, near the existing one ; and the third plan is to bring an entirely fresh supply from the branches of the Upper Yarra, < and convey the water from that source to Preston, or direct to Melbourne, byan indo-, pendent service. The quality of tho water which' would bo obtainedfrom either of these servies» would bo superior to that now obtained from the Yan Yean, and the supply would be prac- tically unlimited. With the view of obtain- ing information and advice upon this im- portant matter^the Government has appointed a board, consisting of the' resident commis- sioner of Land and Survey, the inspector general of Public Works, and Mr. J. C. Taylor, to inquire into the merits of the respective schemes. Statistics compiled bv tho registrar-general give tho following ^articulara regarding tho production of the colony. The total area of land occupiod for pastoral purposes at the end of 1870 was 27,702,289 acres, divided into 009 runs, of which 652 had purchased land attached to them amounting to 2,375,022 acres. The total area of land occupied for other than pastoral purposes was (up to March 31, 1871) 9,530,038 acres. The extent of enclosed land was 8,677,917 acres, and of land under tillage, 909,0Í5 acres. The gross produce of the crain crops for the year ending 31st March, 1871, was 5,450,677 bushels. Of this 2,870,409 buBhels were wheat, and 2,237,010 oats. Tho rapidity with which settlement is proceeding is shown by reference to a decennial return of the land occupied and cultivated. In 1862, the number of holders was 14 960 ; the ex- tent of land occupied, 4,090,781 acres ; and the extent of land cultivated, 439.89J acres. In the year ending the 31st March, 1S71, tho number of holders was 31,842 ; the extent of land occupied, 9,530,038 acres ; and the quantity of land cultivated 909,018 acres. The live stock upon farms on 31st March, 1871, numbored-horses, 144,088 ; milch cows. 182,254; cattle (exclusive of milch cows), 372,140 ; sheep, 3,838,396 ; and pigs, 124,995. The live stock on stations on the 31st March, 1870 (owing to the census the usual returns of live stock on stations were not procured from the squatters for the yoar ' ending 31st March, 1871), were- horses, 23,132 ; cattle (exclusive of milch cows), 151,142; and sheep, 0,923,518. Machinery upon farms during the year ending 31st March, 1871, is put down at JE1,402,803, and the approximate valuo of the improvements effected-which include buildings of all de- scriptions, fencing, dips, wells, dams, &c;, but not the cost of clearing-£8,777,548. During 1870 there were in operation throughout the colony upwards of 1,000 manufactories of 70 di ffei eut articles. John KinK, a prominent member of the Burke and Wills Exploring Expedition, died at St. Kilda, on January 8, of consumption, after a lingering illness. King, whoso father was also a soldier, joined the 70th Regiment at 14 years of age, and accompanied it to India in 1853. Tho regiment subsequently took part in the suppression of the Sepoy mutiny, and King was present at some of tut; principal engagements. Afterwards he suf fered a severe illness which lasted over 16 months, and while at the convalescent , der.ôt he met Mr. Landells, who had been sent over from Victoria for tho purpose of procuring camels for the exploring expedition. Having obtained his discharge, he was engaged by Mr. Landells to superintend the coolies who had charge of tho camels, and he eventually accompanied the expedition in that capacity. When Mr. Landells, at un early stage ot affairs, left the party, in conse quence of a disagreement with the leader, the entire charge of tho camels was entrusted to King. As the expedition proceeded on its way, the party becameredueedin numbers, butKitig still remained a member of it, and he wa* choEen by Mr. Burke to form one of the band of four by whom the formidable journey from Cooper's Creek to Carpentaria was made. The party left Cooper's Creek ou the 16th Decem- ber, 1SC0, reached Carpentaria in February, 1861, and after much hardship and sutl'uriug got back to Cooper's Creek in an utterly ex- hausted stato on the 21st of April, the verj day on which the deiôt party commanded bj Mr. Brahe had left. The brave little party made several efforts to escape from Cooper's. Creek, but were unable to do so, and at last, both Burke and Wills having snecumbod to hunger and exhaustion, King was thrown I upon tho mercy of the blacks. By thom ho was very well treated, and he lived as one of tho tribe for several months. He was ulti- mately found by Howitt's relief party on the 15th September, 1861. When he reached Mel- bourne ho received a very warm welcome, and Parliament recognised his services by voting a sum of £3,1)00 for the purchase of debentures foi his benefit-a reward which was fully de berved. The ordeal through which ho hid passed had a lasting effect on King's constitu- tion. Ile never afterwards enjoyed thoroughly sound health, and about four years ago symp- toms of pulmonary consumption made their appearance. There were times when hopes of recovery were entertained, butlatterly the ma- lady becanio moro pronounced in its character and moro rapid in its progress. The end was soon at hand, and King at last passed peace, fully and quietly away. It was a singular coincidence that a few days after the burial of the solo survivor of the party of Victorian explorers who crossed the continent, the mail brought news of the death at Calcutta of another prominent member of the larger expedition, Mr. Landells, by whom King was brought from India. Somo human retnaius, with fragrants of European clothing, supposod to be relics of tho Leichardt exploring party, have been brought to Melbourno by Inspector J. M. Gilmour, of the Queensland native police, who has recently comploted a second soareti in the interior. In his first search," Mr. Gilmour penetrated as far as Wantata, a pluce westward of tho Barcoo, in about lab 21° and Ion. 140°. There ho found, neat some sand hill.", the remains of apparentlj four Europeans, with remnants of European, clothing, &c.; The natives told him that at this place four white men had boon killeJ, and that "further ou" three others had buen killed long ago. Mr. Gilmour, who wus unable to prosecute his setuch beyond Wantata on, account of floods, returned to Brisbano in March, 1871, with his relics. He commeuc.il his second search on the 13th September of the same year, starling from the potico station at Bulloo Barracks, situated about 8JÜ miles duo west of Biisbano. Taking a different route to that adopted on the hist occasion, ho arrived again at Wantata, where he found a number of additional fragments of human bones, to all appearance the skull bones of European bodies. Leaving Wantata about 10O miles to the west, and arriving at a spot about 80 miles northwards of Eyre'.-, Creek, which lies about S.W. of Wuutucu, ii. came upon a large native camp, where hi* ditcovcred a number of European relici They consibted of a variety ot fragment!, of European clothing, such as the exploiur.s would have worn, including six or eight pieces of trousers, apiece of an old waterproof lepging, and a portion of an old sock. There were also found a piece of an old canvas tent, several pieces of whito blauket, one piece of blue blanket, a flint knife bound wit li European cord and cloth, an old tomahawk head fitted into a native handle, and a lot of saddlo stufliing of curled hair, suflicient to mako a saddle. Tho traces of white mon wero further shown by tho Unding of two sheep or cattle dogs, whilo the dis- covery of a number of oruameuts manufac- tured out of goats' hair suggests tho idea thai the natives had utilised some of the numerous flotk of goats which Leichardt took with him. Another articlo found was a portion of a not made in European fashion, and an additional and still stronger proof that somo white men -whether Leichardt's party or not-had met their death in the neighbourhood was afforded by the discovery in the native camp of a small bag woven out of a sort of hempen material combined with human hair, some of it being of a light brown or auburn colour. The place where all these relics wero found is about 290 miles west of tho junction of tho Thomson and the Barcoo, in lab 25° Ion.1 138°. This is near tho furthest point reachod by Sturt in 1845, and it has boon suggested that the articles of clothing, &c;, were left behind by this explorer. Sturt, however, had no goats with him and none of his party perished on tho way, so that the human remains cannot be those of any of his party. On the other hand, there is no satisfactory evidence showing that the remains are tho.ie1 of Leichardt and his party, tho fate of whom must still remain a matter for conjecture. An exceedingly handsome contribution to' the Melbourne Public Library has been made1 jointly by the Secretary of State for War and| tho Secretary of Stato for ludia. Tho Secretary ' for War bos sent a number of maps, sketches, plans, and views of interesting places or of engagements in which tho British forces have' taken part, and the Secretary for India has forwarded a large collection of maps and sketches of the Indian territory. Tboso valuable gifts bave been received with great; satisfaction by the trastees of tho institution. I Tbe National Gallery of Art has also1 received several additions to its treasures. I They includo tbe three paintings pur-' chased by the advico of Mr. Her beit, R.A., viz.', Mr. W. Field's water-colour drawing, "Grey Dawn on tho Thames," Miss Edith Courtauld's "Memories of Palm Sunday," and a picture by George Hering, of "Druidical Monuments." The first two, aro not very striking specimens of art, but' Mr. Hering's is a fine painting. M. Gus-j tave Curcier has presented to the trustees a | rather striking picture by Eugene Bille-1 mocker, representing Psyche being takon to. hell in Charon's boat ; and Mr. Josiah Austin, I a nephew of the late Mr. Austin, of Barwon-1 park, has sent for exhibition on the walls of the gallery a fine, collection of paintings brought out by bim in tho Somersetshire. It includes a "Cornfield at Sunset," by John Linne]], a group of cattle by- Sidney Cooper, A.R.A., tho celebrated "Repose," by Bon guereau ; a fine sea piece, "OffOstend," by George Chambers, and many others, all of 1 considerable excellence. The buildings at tho corner of William street and Latrobe-streot, Melbourne, which aro to constitute the Victorian branch of the Royal Mint, are very nearly finished. The middle building, which is to be occupied as the executive branch, is the only important Cart of the work which ia not yet complete, 'he past six months have been occupied in putting up the machinery, and the stall of the mint is now employed in unpacking and setting out the materials which are to be used in melting and coining gold. As vory little remains to be finished beside the executive branch, the covered ways, and the front railings, it is expected that everything will be in readiness by the niiddlo of March next. The first competitive examination for the eight scholarships instituted by the Board of Education, which aro of the annual value of £35 and tenable for six years, was hold early in December, and tho results have now been made known. The competition was open to all boys attending the common schools who were certified by their masters to be suffi- ciently advanced in their studies, and CG candidates presented themselves. Consi- dering the short time given for prepara- tion-tho board's regulations were only approved by the Governor in Council in September-the results of the examination were satisfactory. The total number of marlen obtainable amounted to 080. To win 500 out. of that number was considered excellent, 40C good, and between 300 and 400 very fuir. Oin of the GG candidates 3 boys attained to the first rank, 0 to the second, and 15 to the third. There wero 22 who gained between 200 and 300 marks, 9 between 100 and 200, and S under 100, The Geelong school carried oil the first honours. It furnished three com- petitors who all passed, winning 1,530 mai len out of a possible 2,010, or an average of 510. The Central Schools, Melbourne, came next, as far as the average of those who passed is concerned- viz., 407.75. But five out of the nine who went up failed. The winners made 1,871.outof a possible 2,720, and winners and losets together 3,750 out of 6,120. Hoddle street school, Collingwood, furnished one competitor, who mado 454, and was amongbt the lucky ones. None of tho boys from the country schools obtained, a scholarship, but many of the candidates therefrom passed vmy satisfactory examinations. Under tho existing Health Act tho hoalth oilicers find great difficulty in enforcing the necessary sanatory rules. Noxious trades me carried on, and various other nuisances obtain, hut from the manner in which the ac-'. is framed it is found almost impossible to pro- cure convictions against offender.". Uudei these circumstances the health officers of the various metropolitan districts have met together, and formed themselves into au association, with the object of bringing about somo reform. Mr. T. M. Girdlestone, health officer of the city of Melbourne, has been elected president of tho association, which eveiy health officer in the colony is to bo in- vited to join. At the next meeting of the society (which takes place in a fortnight), the president will submit for discussion a paper setting foi th the defects existing in the present Health Act,* and suggesting remedies thero for. The Missionary Society connected with the Church of England in Victoria has hold its annual meeting, but tho results reported do not soy much for the zeal of the members For the MilaneSián mission, the sum of £223 had been raised during the year, and for the mission to tho Chinese in Victoria, £162 ¡ while for the mission to the aborigines, only £1 Gs. Id. had been subscribed. Thero it another socioty connected with the Church of England, which devotes itself specially to mission work amongst the aborigines, but this society during the year raised only a little over £200. Amongst the Chinese some 40 con- verts have been mado by tho society up to the present time. The annual meeting of tho Australian Wcsleyan Methodist Mission aiy Society has aleo been held.. This society, which is supported by the Wesloyau denomination in all tho Australian colo- nies, has carried its operations pretty ex- tensively into the South Sea Islands. There are now engagod in these islands, 7Í) mis- sionaries, 1,730 local preachers, and 1,039 can- onists, while the chapels number 795, and the otherpreachingplaces307. Thero are32,167full and accredited church members, and 129,039 attendants on public worship. The efforts of tho society amongst tho Chinese in Victoria have resulted in the obtaining of 20 converts. A place of worship in connexion with this mission is about to be erected in Mel- bourne. Another charitable institution has been victimised by a fraudulent secretary, and again the offender has been allowed to escape. At the annual meeting of the Alfred Hospital, held a few days ago, it was reported by the chairman (Mr. Jas. Ser- vice) that the secretary, Mr. Austin, had ab- sconded, after defrauding the institution of several sums of money. Cheques for the pay- ment of various accouuts had passed through his hands, and in two instances it had been discovered that the figures had been altered. A cheque for £1 15s. had been turned into £41 15s., and another of £1 12s. converted into £4 12s. These had been cashed at the bank, and the money appropriated by Mr. Austin. The chairman and another member of the committee discovered the fraud a day before the offender absconded, but, with mistaken leniency, they allowed him time to preparo an "explanation." Ho, of course, took ad van tnge of tho opportunity, and has not sincu been heard of. The preciso extent of hii depredations has not yet been determined but they aro not believed to oxceed £50. The eighteenth annual confereuco of thu Australasian Wesleyon Mothodist Church 1ms been held in Melbourne, when ministers representing Victoria, South Australia, Tan mania, New South Wales, New Zealand, ami Fiji wtre present. Tho session lasted severnl days, and a largo amount of business wu disposed of. A number of new districts were foimcd, and 15 fresh ministers wero admitted into full connexion with the church. A large quantity of toa, damaged by sen watir, has found its way into tho Melbourne market irom New Zealand. It is supposed io havo foimed part of the cargo of the Hindu! which was wrecked on the Now Zealand coast somo time ago, and is tho fourth ol fifth shipment of the kind which has reached the Melbourne market. The matter attracted the attention of tho Customs authorities, and tho health officer of tho city, Mr. Girdlestone, waa communicated with in order to ascertain whether the tea was fit to go into consump- tion. A very short examination showod that the article was quite unfit for uso. Although, however, there was not the slightest doubt of the unwholesome character of the article the health officer did not considor himself em- powered by the act to seize the bulk, though if tho toa wero being retailed, proceedings could bo taken against tho persons selling. The owner of this particular shipment, Mr. Bates, M.L.A., a member of tho late M'Cul loch Ministry, denies that the tea has boen wetted with sea water, but tho testimony of experts is against him. Seeing how poworloss. tho health officer is to prevent the admission into tho market of unwholesomo articles of consumption, Alderman Cohen proposed at the last meeting of the City Council that a bye law should bo framed empowering the health officer to seize at all times within the city of Melbourne any kinds of food or drink that he may consider deleterious to health. It is doubtful, howover, whether the City Council bas power to enact such a byo-law, and the matter is for the present in abeyance. The Nympho, a corvette belonging to the. Imperial German navy, arrived in Hobson'» Bay on January 1, and bos remained in this, port during the month. Tho mission of thoi Nymphe to theso waters is of a purely pacific and friendly character, and after calling at< Sydney sho will proceed on a cruise to the! islands of tho Pacific, and eventually to: Chinese and Japanese waters. Her comman- der, Captain Von Blanc, and the other officers of the vessel, were hospitably received in Melbourne, at Ballarat, und elsewhere and they appear to have made the most of their visit. A luncheon *was given to them in the Melbourne Town-hall by the mayor, and the German residents of the city entertained them at a banquet at the Criterion Hotel, One of their visits was to the works of the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company, where they were entertained by the manager, Mr. S. S. Ritchie, the viands being tho company's preserved meats, and the wines of colonial growth. The officers expressod themselves highly pleased at what they saw and ate, and ordered large supplies of the company's meats both for themselves and the crew of the Nymphe. Tiley also gave it as their opinion that these meats must eventually be largely introduced into the German navy, and super- sede the use of salt meat entirely. Attention having again been directed to the ravages of diphtheria in various districts of the colony, the Government has deemed it advisable to appoint a commission to inquire as to the causes of the disease and the appro- priate remedies to be applied. The names of the commissioners have not yet been decided upon. The fatal nature of tho disease has been sadly exemplified in the case of a family named Worland, in the Creswick district, where, out of seven children, six were carried off in a few days. A pro re nata meeting of the Presbyterian Assembly of Victoria has been held for the appointment of a moderator in the place of the late Rev. G. Mackie. On the motion of the Rev. J. Nish, the Rev. T. McKenzie Fraser, of Geelong, who had preceded the Rev. Mr. Mackie in office, was unanimously elected. Mr. J. M. Davies was then appointed treasurer in place of the late Mr. Ogilvy. Mr. W. M. Fehon, who has for some years held the position of traffic manager of the Vic- torian Railways, has tendered his resignation, his reason being that he is about to become a partner in the firm of Messrs. W. M'Cnlloch and Co., carriers. His successor has not yet bren appointed. It is proposed to present a testimonial to Mr. Fehon on his retirement. Steps have been taken towards the establish- ment of a new club in Melbourne, to be called the City Club, the premisos to be at 21 and 23 Collins-street east. A meeting bos been held, and a scheme of constitution agreed upon. The object is defined to be the "providing a central place of resort for gentlemen engaged in business in the city, as well as for thoso who are only occasional visitors to Melbourne ; an establishment which shall be regarded as common ground, on which persons of recognised respectability may meet, irrespective of their particular callings or of their personal wealth." Arrange- ments have been made to open the club on the 1st of February. Upwards of 70 names have already been enrolled. St. Patrick's nail, in Bourke street west, is to be re-built by the St. Patrick's Society, plans for the work having been adopted. The building will, when tho alterations aro finished, contain two large halls, each 70ft. long by 26ft. wide, to bo approached by three entrances, and eachwill be suitable forthepur-, roses of public meetings and entertainment*, i The new front to the hall will bo in the Co- rinthian order of architecture. An earthquake shock, rather severe for Australia, has been experienced in the north eastern district of the colony. It was felt very decidedly at Beechworth, Wodonga, Wan- garatta, Albury, Chiltern, Yackandandah, Wahgunyah, Rutherglen, and other places. It was also noticed at Wagga Wagga and other localities beyond the New South Wales border. At Chiltern the post office was much shaken, and other substantial buildings were simi- larly affected by the shock. It has been proposed to form a Land Tenure Reform League of Victoria. The objects of the society are set torth in the following programme, which has been publiahed : "1. Tho immediate cessation of tho salo of all Crown lands. 2. The fee-simple of tho public domain to vest in perpetuity in the state (that is, the people in their corporato capacity). 3. Occupancy, with fixity of tenure, subject to rental for revenue purposes. Trans for of tenant-right. 4. Land already alienated from the state to be re purchased by the stato. No re-sale to individuals tobo permitted. 5\. The gradual abolition of nil indirect taxes whatever. Tho rovenue of the state to bo derived solely from the rentals of the land." A demonstration in favour of temper- ance has taken place at tho Melbourne Town-hall, under the auspices of the Wes- ley an Methodist Church. Tho meeting, which was attended by over 3,000 person?, admitted by ticket, was arranged by a com- mittee of 100 laymen, who had taken advantage of the presence in Melbourne of a number of Wesleyan ministers from other colonies to get up a demonstration on an unusually large scale. There were present at the meeting most of the Wesleyan ministers who have been in attendance at tho Confer- ence. The main resolution submitted to tho I meeting was one affirming the expediency of i passing apermissivo bill, which was of course carried nem. con. The Permissive Bill Asso- ciation has held its annual meeting, and again appointed Mr. Geo. Iliginbotham as president. Another attempt is to bo made to got tho bill passed next session, and tho duty of introducing the measure in the Assembly has been entrusted to Mr. Cosey. There is being fitted out in this port a piivate expedition to exploro the coast, and it poFbiblo the interior, of New Guinea. The number of applications from persons wishing to join the expedition far exceeded tho expectations of the projectors. Originally it was intended to limit the number of sub-1 scatters to 20, but owing to the numerous, I applications (which exceeded 200) it was do ' i cidtd to extend the limit to 30. The suii I sctiption is limited to £100 each member, thu cxt.edition being fitted out for 12 month», with stores, &c;, so that in the event of the party being unable to effect a landing, tht*y may go pearl-fishing. About a month ago the committee of tbt> ' Benevolent Abylum appointed somo of their number to inquiro into tho management of thu' institution with a view to a reduction in tho expenses of management, and a report has since been brought up. The sub-committen expresses tho opinion that the expenses o!, the institution can be greatly reduoed, and gives some recommendations for reforming the management. The result of these re- commendations the committee estimates would be tho reduction of the expenditure by £2,089 annually. Amongst the casualties of tho month was an accident, which proved fatal, to Mr. Thomas Taylor, architect, who died on the 10th January from injuries sustained in a colli-ion between two spring-carts, in one of which he was seated, near tho Junction Hotel, St. Kilda. The driver of one of the vehicles, William Roy, was charged with manslaughter, but as the evidence taken at the coroner's inquest did not disclose any particular negligence on his part, he was discharged.—At West Melbourne a terrible accident happened to a boy nine years of age, son of Mr. Ray, surgeon, who, while playing about a brewery, accidentally slipped and fell into a vat of boiling beer. Two work- men, who saw tho occurronce, instantly pulled him out, but he was quite dead. A fatal accident occurred in a somewhat curious manner on the North-Eastern Rail-, way lino, near tho township of Beveridge. Owing to the insecurity of the fences some cattlo got upon the line at a sharp curvo, and an engine conveying trucks carrying somo of the workmen coming suddenly upon them ran over some of thom, and tho engine was overturned. Threo of the men wore thrown out, and one named Thos. Black, 29 years of ago, living near the place, was so seriously injured that he died whilo being taken to the Melbourno Hospital. A second man, named John Calloghan, was also severely injured,' having sustained concussion of tho brain. James Hart, the third man, received injuries to tho back, bat was not dangerously hurt Two cases of infanticide of a moroe than usually painful nature have occurred. In the first case a young girl, scarcely 16 years of age, named Annie Maria Pyne, whose parents live at Prahran, had a child at the Lying-in Hospital. Having recovered from her confine- ment she left the institution, taking with her the child. On reaching home she led her parents to believe that her baby had died in the hospital, but its body having been found in the Yarra, she was arrested by the police, to whom sbo confessed that sbo had thrown her "dear little baby" into the river. She has been committed for trial for child-murder. In another case, which occurred at Worro- [ long, near Mount Gambier, a young woman named Christina M'Gillvray >deliberately, strangled ber illegitimate child At ita birth. Sbo alto has been committed for trial« THE POLITICAL SITUATION. The quiet which usually reigns while Parlia I ment is in recess has been but little disUirbod during the past month, except, perhaps, by the border duties " difficulty" between the Go- vernments of New South Wales and Victoria, of which we givo the particulars in their place. Several of tho Ministers havo been keeping holiday ; Mr. Duffy himself has spent most of the time in the seclusion of his seaside resi- dence, near Point Nepean; and thus the visible progress of political affairs has been but small. Tho course of events has been mainly confined to the promulgation of new regulations on Customs drawbacks and mining on private proporty, to tho appointment of a boaid to inquire into the local storage of gunpowder, and a Royal commission to investigate tho silting up of tho bay ; and lost, not least, to a Ministerial utterance by Mr. Duffy at a banquet given, in honour of tho Government at Creswick. One or two similar Ministerial banquets wero given before Parliament roso, bnt sinco tho prorogation they seem to have been mothodised and mado part of a system, which apparently harmonises with Mr. Daffy's statement in Parliament (and published in our December summary) that "his Ministry had tho confidence of the country, and he would tako stops during the recess to see if such were not the fact" Other banquets aro promised to take placo onco a month before Parliament meets-in February at Stawell, in March at Castlemaine, and at Maryborough in April. At tho end of that month the session is expected to begin. In tho future is promised a Royal commission to inquire into the causes of diphtheria in Victoria and its remedy, but the selection of the proper professional men for the purposo has bcon found to need delicate adjustment, and is not yet completo. We deal with tho sujects of,the month under their several hoads : BORDER DUTIES. When our last English maila' wore de- spatched the border duties question stood thus :-At the Intercolonial Conference lately held in Melbourne, ono of the questions between the delegates of New Sou cn Wales and Victoria was the renewal of the treaty between tho two colonies, whoreby Victoria annually paid to New South Wales £00,0001 in lieu of tho duties which tho latter colony was entitled to collect on tho goods passing from Victoria over the border (which is re presented by the River Murray). This treaty had lasted fivo years, and would expire on February 1 this year. No decision was, howover, arrived at, because the New South Wales delegates wanted £100,000 per annum, while Mr. Duffy refused to do moro than continue the presont payments till the end of 1872, and pay thereafter such sum as should be found to be fairly due when thu amount of the border trade had been doll nitely ascertained by statistics. Subsequently the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales (after severely criticising tho action of the delegates from that colony m this matter) passed a series of resolutions to the effect that it was desirable to avoid if possible the collection of duties on tho border, and that tho Now South Wales Government would bo justified in abstaining from such collection if the Victorian Government would pay £00,000 for tho next year, and such further -sum quarterly as on taking an account on the basis of the existing tariff might be found due to New South Wales. Mr. Duffy replied at length, and it will bo well to reprint the. following paragraphs in his letter, which contain a complete summary of tho position on tho question : "You propose that the Government of Victoria shall contract to pay £60,000 a year to New South Wales, and as much more as may prove to be her due-which we are perfectly willing to do. But you omit to make any provision requiring New South Wales to refund any proportion of the £60,000 if it shall appear, as we contend it will when exact statistics are obtained, that £60,000 is more than your colony is entitled to receive. Such a proposal-- if, indeed, this be what is in- tended-- need only be stated to be rejected. This Government is willing to continue 'the terms and conditions of the present agree- ment' for another year, by which New South Wales will receive £60,000 certain, without any charge for collection, and Victoria will remain bound as she is at present not to impose a tax on any stock coming into the colony by way of the Murray. Or we are willing to make a new contract under which New South Wales shall receive the exact amount to which she shall prove to be i entitled, be it more than £60,000 or less." This offer the New South Wales Govern- ment declined. Tho Colonial Secretary, in reply to Mr. Duffy, laid it down that the resolutions passed by the Legislativo Assembly precluded tho arrangement suggested, and that his Government "bad no alternative but to make tho nocessary arrangements to collect tho duties." To this Mr. Duffy answered, expressing a hope that tho state of affairs was not misunderstood. "We declino," ho said, "to adopt an agree- ment under which Now South Wales would be authorised to retain an amount on account of border duties which by the investigation of her own officors she had ascertained to bo beyond her just claim. This is the sole condition to which we objected. Wo proposed to substituto an agreoment under which New South Wales would receive the precise sum to which, by tho investigation of her own officers, she proved to he entitled. This is the proposal which you consider leaves you no alternative but to have recourse to thu actual collection of the duties. May I remind you that by recurring to the collection of the duties, whatever other result you may bring about, it is clear you cannot got more revenu« thiin we havo voluntarily offeiod, because you cunnot get more than the ontiro sum to which you aro entitled. But in tho mothod of getting it you proposo to adopt, .you moy, and indeed must, causo much niconvenionco ; which, us I had tho honour to point out m a former communication, will fall chiefly on. your own colonists. Tho mor can tile community cannot bo callod on to pay more than they do at present, for they pay at present on all tho dutiable goods which they import into Now South Wales. But tim wino and corn grown beyond the Murray, which como free into Victoria under the ox istiug arrangement, and lind a ready market here, will become immediately subject to a considerable burden which thoy have hitherto , escaaped," Even this did not ona tho controversy, which was subsequently carriod on by tele- gram. Tho Colonial Secretary at Sydney, in reply to tho first part of Mr. Duffy's last letter given abovo, assumed that it contained an ofiei that Victoria would in her futuro payments abide by tho statistics of Now South Wales officers. "It seoms to us," he telegraphed, " to imply that you had proposed or agreed to loavo tho taking and statement of thu account of tho duties to tho officers of this Govern- ment. This you hove novor dono ; but if yon aro prepared to do so now, porhaps you will he good enough to say so in oxpress terms, and we shall consider such now proposal without delay. In tho moantimo our col- lector will proceed with his arrangements for the collection of tho duties in conjunction with your officer, as already intimated." Mr. Dufly's answer was-"I did not, of course, propose that tho account of duties should be takon exclusively by your officers, but by tho officers of both Governments togothor. When I apollo of tho investigation of your own officers, Imoant their investigation in concert' with ours, which is what has beon meant by both parties throughout this investigation. This explanation produced no impression, for tho Colonial Secretary immediately replied from Sydney-" An authoritativo investiga- tion by our officors is obviously not thosamu as an investigation by those officors which is to havo noforco unless your officors concur in it. As your moaning is now plain, wo havo no alternativo but to abido by tho resolution of our Assembly, and collect tho duties on imports which tho law of this colony imposes." Tho corrospondonco wasi concluded by tho "lost word" from Mr. Duffy. Ho reviewed the wholo caso thus:-"I bog to say that tbo investigation of your own officors, i to which I referred in my previous letter, was an investigation to bo carried on by thom in! concertwith tho officers of thlsGovornmont. It, was an investigation of tbo naturo indicated in your letter of tho 15th of December, in which you say, 'To provide against misunder-j standing it may perhaps bo necessary that' an officer appointed by this colony should bo stationed at each of your border custom- houses, with authority to inspect and check the account, and that officers with Uko au- thority from your colony should bo placed at; the castom-bonses on this sido tbo river, and that weekly returns, signed by your'officer and onrs, should bo sent to each-Govorn mont. I would willingly assent, on -the port of this Government, to any reasonable proposal calculated to terminate this cor- respondence satisfactorily. But it is not usual, I believe, when a question is referred for arbitration, or even for inquiry, that one of tho contending parties shall create or have under his solo control tho tribunal which is to determine the points at issue. It is there- fore impossible to agree to an arrangement by which the account of border duties shall be taken by your officors exclusively." The negotiations closed, both sides proceeded to action. The Now South Wales Government despatched Mr. Duncan, their collector of Customs, to the Murray, to raako arraugemonts for tho collection of duties on and after February 1. On his arrival ho wa9 immediately invited to Melbourne, that measures might be mutually concerted to roduco tho incon- venience of that collodion to a minimum. Mr. Duncan came, and as far as possible such measures were taken, but nothing doûnite was dono, beecauso tho Now South Wales Parliament WOB to meet on Tuesday, January 23, and it was possible action might bo taken to restrain the Government from proceeding to extremity, when tho offers of the Victorian Government were so fair and reasonable. Moreover, a large 'proportion of public opinion in New South Wales had doclared strongly against the collection of duties. In the Trans-Murray district (sometimes called Rive- rina) excited public mootings were hold, and the Government at Sydney hotly denounced. It was distinctly threatened that if thoso duties were collected a strong and united effort should be made to havo the district separated from Now South Wales. On the day ap- pointed the Parliament at Sydney mot, and on the second day of sitting, Mr. Forster, a prominent member of the Legislative As- sembly, moved:-"That the terms offered by the Government of Victoria were reason- able, and ought to havo boen accepted ; that the collection of Customs duties by the Government of this colony upon the Murray River border is highly inexpedient ; and that immediate steps should bo taken to obviate any necessity for the collection of any such duties." He said that it seemed to him that in the first instance tho colony might havo closed with the terms offered by Mr. Duffy. The delegates from New South Wales had shown an extraordinary potulanco in the negotiation, a degree of temper or aber- ration of mind which had proventod them from seeing the fairness of tho proposals made to thora. Tho proposal of Mr. Duffy was so plain, so reasonable, that he could not understand why thoro had been so much correspondence on tho subject. To this Sir James Martin (Attornoy-Gonoral and Premier) replied, contending that the Government was precluded by resolution of the House from adopting any agreamont which might lead to accoptiug less than £60,000 from Victoria. Thero was agoneral feeling that they had a right to more than that sum, and that being the caso, it was the duty of the Government not to accopt les?. The Government could not placo the country in a worse position than it had occupied for yenrs. Ho would not trust tho Victorian officers in matters of that kind, and ho con sidered that the only way to settle tho disputo was to collect the duties. The debato proceeded for two days, and at its end tho motion was carried by 27 votes against 23, and the Houso rose till January 30. This result was received with great pleasure in Victoria and Rivorina, for it was assumed that the Government would at once give way, and that, although officers would be sent from both colonies to the Murray, it would be to collect statistics, and not duties. Early this week, however, it scorned other- wise. The Government at Sydney seemed bent on gotting a dissolution and an appeal to the country, and also upon having the duties collected in the meantime. Accord- ingly, Customs officials wore sont from Sydney and Victoria to occupy the main points of river crossing. On tho Now South Wales side the object was, of courso, to collect the Customs duties on all taxod articles taken into their territory, while, on our side, tho plan laid down was to collect all duties payable to us (principally those on wino and wheat), to givo every possiblo facility for the transfer of goods to the Murray by railway in bond, and also to allow drawbacks according to the regulations elsewhere doscribed. Tho following official notice posted at tho Now South Wales Customs-house opposite Echua, sets forth the conditions under which the duties will bo collected : " Customs-house, Sydnoy, Jan 27. " Notice is horoby givon that duties will bo levied on and after 1st day of Fobruary next at Albury, Corowa, Moama, S wau-hill, Euston, and Wentworth, on all goods which, being subject to duty under the New South Wales tanff, shall be broucht across or by way of the Rivor Murray from Victoria or South Australia. No goods of any description will bo allowed to be brought into Now South Wales across or by way of the Murray until a list of them containing their true descrip- tion and value shall have boen submitted' to the Customs officer at one or othor of tho abovenamed stations, and duty shall have been poid on BUCII as nrn subject at Moama, Albury, Euston, V -_nttvorth, or Corowa. However, such goc-m may bo warehoused, under the Crown's luck without linymcnt of duty in tho first insinucu. If any such goods shall be brought into New South Wulea con- trary to this notice and to the Ctiatoms laws, such goods shall be forfeited, together with the vessels, boats, punti, drnvt>,. or other vehicles used in carrying or ien.o\iug timm, and all persons concerned in their convoyiwiu) or removal will bo p-osccuted according ta law. (Signed) " W. A. LLEWELLYN", "Acting Collector Customs." It is a peculiai it ¿lure of tho affair thuf thero has buen no rifih of goods across tho Murray, the residents of Riverina, think- ing that tho enforcement of tho dutks will bo of short duration. Thero is, indócil, just a possibility that something may ocout i tho last moment to prevent tho cohort , of the duties. Whui tho Now South Win, Legislature met tho night before last fo. h? 'first time after tho vote adverso to tin» Government wa9 arrived at, a mess:. ..» - .. received from the Governor r< coin .>< tuKu,' that supplies bo gi anted for Ihr i .non ?'.«?. Upon this the Premier (Sir Jw " Mtr'iV rose and stated that the Govi mu it, i\\*>< >"/,, the question ono of intoicolon' <:.v* ' it, . had decided to ask for u dir iii' > ? < "it the Governor consented t- i, i ti . -i, supply was obtah..<\\. Tun M t j-n K< uL ask for next day, and ' e . ' r' .. o Ministry wero detormin d to "ainhi-u tluui decision to collect tho border duties Mr. Forster, who raovcl the original ¡vdvorso vote, then gavo notiou of a motioa that supply should on!v lit- wanted conditionally that the border mutotn > bo not enforced untfl tho new Parliamtnt lind u.id uti opportunity of expressing itcel f thenmi. The very latest news on tin* iiibjctl v-;U bo found in our ordinary nt v.. columns, MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY. In a recent Government Gazette were pub- lished a series of regulations respecting mining on private property, and they repre- sent the first installment of the promises made by the Government that this subject should be dealt with at the earliest moment. The importance of the step, which at first appeared considerable, was greatly reduced when the regulations themselves came under criticism. They were prepared by the Lands, not the Mining department, and simply supply ma- chinery for carrying into effect the 99th clause of the Amending Land Act of 1869, which runs thus :-- "All lands alienated under the provisions of this act shall be liable to be resumed for mining purposes by Her Majesty on paying full compensation to the licensee, lessee, or purchaser in fee simple thereof, for the value other than auriferous of the lands and improvements so resumed ; such value, in case of disagreement, to be ascertained by arbitration. The terms, conditions, and events upon which such lands may be resumed, and the manner in which such arbitration shall be conducted, shall be determined by regulations in such manner as the Governor shall from time to time direct." Of course the fact that these regulations apply only to land sold under the Land Act of 1869 reduces their field of operation to very narrow limits, while the vagueness of the terms employed gives little hope of their being turned to practical account. They permit applications being made for such purchased lands if auriferous, and it is discretionary with the Government whether such applica- tions shall be entertained in the first instance ; but if they are allowed, the owner is to be compensated in a mode very similar to that ordained in the Lands Compensation Statute, under which land is re-purchased by the state for railways, public works, &c.; THE FIFTH MINISTERIAL BANQUET. The practice of entertaining popular Minis- ters at public banquets) which has been growing for some years in Victoria, has been more followed than ever since the Duffy Adminis- tration came into office. They have been banqueted at Sandhurst, Geelong, Ballarat, and in Melbourne, and on each occasion save the last mentioned the occasion has been distinguished by a speech from Mr. Duffy, dealing with the topics of the day so as to excite popular interest. One was held two nights since at Creswick, a mining town- ship situated near Ballarat, where a certain proportion of the residents were desirous of demonstrating their pro-Ministerial convic- tions. It was tolerably successful in its way. Creswiok is a very small place, and the ban- quet was of proportionate dimensions, bat there was a fair amount of enthusiasm, and Mr. Duffy made one of his speeches, which of course was duly reported in the newspapers, It was ' in all essentials a repetition of his last speech (the effect of which was given in our English summary for last month), for it mainly consisted of elaborate laudations of that which had been done or promised by himself and by the prosent Ministry. The Government policy in respect to border duties had, he said, been acknow- ledged to be fair and reasonable, even in New South Wales, and it must be ultimately successful, because it was ia the right. If border duties were eventually im- posed, then Victoria would reap the advantage in the nearly certain separation of Riverina from Now South Wales, and the probable contingency of its' annexation to Victoria. -We1 have no space to describe-Mr, Daffy's rhetorical attacks upon his predecessors, the Opposition in Parliament, and certain loading members of it. Suffice it that their proceed- ings were described as factions and unworthy. He made his " great point " when he asserted -his unswerving adhesion to the policy which created a system of small landed proprie- torships throughout the country, and dilated upon what he had already done in that regard. He repeated the threats against the Legislative Council which he made last month, and having at length defended a series of minor administrative moasures, and ridiculed the new combination of opposi- tion with which he said he was threatened in the next session of Parliament, he ended with a reiteration of bis devotion to the popular cause. Tlio applause which accompanied the speech was considerable; but that, of course, cannot go for much. As the banquet was only beld two nights since, wemu3t wait a day or two before we can ascertain how Mr. Daffy's utterance is received by the people gene- rally. ' CUSTOMS DIUOYBACKS, \- The Government hare at last done some- thing towards fulfilling their promise of 'facilities for the granting of drawback of daty "on goods exported from Victoria. The fol -lowing lists show the amount of the draw 'back that will be allowed, and the minimum quantity of poods which will be subject to it. ?When published in the Government Gazette they wore accompanied by regulations con taining tho usual conditions under which the -various allowances would be mado. It is understood that the Government are willing to supplement their present action by giving additional facilities for shewing and selecting soft goods in bond. The regulations have been very unfavourably criticised by those in 'terested, who assert that they afford very little ' assistance to the intercolonial trade -. . ARTICD'fl ON WHICH DHAY1IUCKS wrM, DB ALLOWED. , Almond« (Jordan), 2d. per lb. Confectionery, &o.;, 8s. por owt. Sugar ¿andy, 8a par est. Bnlelns,2d. per lb. BotUid fruits (lo originel packages), 2d. por lb CutranU, 2d. per lb. Malm and corn flour (In original bsxoa), 21, por lb. Maizena (in original bo-¡o») 2d. par lb. Sardine« mid preserved flin, la tim, 2d, por lb. Vormlcolll, 2d. por lb, Bluo, 2d. per lb. Candles (In oilglnal box«), 2d. per lb. Mustard, 2d. per lb, Nuts, 2d. per lb. Starcb (of known brandi, In original paokages), 2d. per lb. Cement, Cd. per cwt. Coffee, In tho berry, 8d. per lb, . Hops, 3d. per lb Iron, (¡alvanlsod, 80a. per ton. Iron wiro, Nos. 1 to D, 20a per ton, Oils, in bulk. Hablo to duty, Cd pjr gallon. Faddy, 2s. per 1001b, Faints, 40s. per ton. Powder (if shlppod direct from hulk or magazine) Sporting 8d. per lb., blasting Id per lb Herrings and salmon, Unganel cod, 6|. por owt. Elco, 3s per 1001b. Slates, up to l8 x 10, l61, por 1.O0O. Slates, all of larger siro, 25'. per 1,000. Soda crystals (In original packago-,), 40J. per ton. Sugar and molossOB, 89. per owt. Tea, 81 per lb. Tlmror (deals dreaiod), li. Oil. perlOO s. ft. Timber, undressed, Od. nor 100 ». tt. Varnish (in original paokagos, ot known brinda), 2s. por gallon, Apparel and slops, ¿¡0, /not mado ot coloniil tweed or material fro« ot duty), 4 por cent. Bootsand ehoai (ot known loreign nunutaoture). 10 por cent. ruBhwaro (of known brand»), 10 per cent, Hnrthenware (not being biowu ware), 10 per cont. Furnituro (it sati-fiO'ory proof bo given), 10 por cent. Tuse and guncottoa, &o;, 10 per cent. Glassware (not being bottlos) 10 per coot. Machinery, 10 por cent. . Manudotured stationery, 10 percent. Musical kstrumonts (ot known makers), 10 per cent. TJmbrollas, parasols, 12} per cent. Woodonware (tubs, buckets, American, &o; ), 10 por cent, Acrr.líil and minorai waiora (in original packages of known biancla), S per cent. Oarpotlne and drnin-cilug. 0} per oant. Twine,el par cuni. Dutch motal and tl-Joil, 6 per conl. Fancy goods. 5 por oont. Glue, 6 por cono. Olorn-, 6} por oont. Gold and silver loaf, 6 per cent. nardu »re. 6i per cout. Boaiety, Or per cent. Matones and vostm, S p» oon*. Materials tor tóllot covers, íte, 0} por oont. Malting, cocoanut or oilier, (ii per cent. Oilmen's stores (unlnno deiued or in original pick »gee), 6 per ennt. Oil or other floor cloths, 6i per cent, Olia, castor or codllvor, I per oont. PapeiliMiuiuR»,5 percent. Fisted and rolsrd metal ware, 01 per oont. Bilka, Cr per oont. Stationery (not othorwlio' enumorated), 0J par cent. Toys, 6 per cent. Watches and clark«, G per cant, ( (Woollou piece goods, 6{ per cent. MINIMUM QUi-NTlTlsTbiT GOODS DKHVfiR ABI.K FROM THE WARBHOUSB. Seicrlptlou. Spirit«, lu oacei So., Inwood .. ¿farsaparlUa and pain- killer, and tnodWsttd or pcrlumod spirits,. Wine. In caso« .. . l)o>, In mood .. Jftvt, &;., In cases and ^ liM-el» (bottled) Ib'jvio, i fgturs, & anufi "ä»fp»'ii,l'DoU""8ca <íll «M, to. QnUim, .?,î. lilao ¿"nitor, ob'-."-, - Bacon, Inri, i.ni Í . Soap ., .. 'Confectionary, biscuit, oomtlts, oweolmetl", »nd luoondee.. ?.. Jams .. Walzsna.. . Eopa. Halt . Salt Vinegar. Varnish. Baited provisions, ¿0, Doois. Window sashes.. Grain) Flour).' Ullllnor}(aslmportedoi repacked in bond) Apparel, (ed do. do. ,, lióme Con- sumption. 0 gallons 1cuk.. t packngo (0 gallons 1 cask . ., 3oue*. or bulk CO gallons ., eoib. 'chtJiorequlv. quanslty .. Wcrrt - ? .. 2<01b. .. «lb. I0«vt. «"lb. ¿401b. limb. Manufactures, ol silk, of silk with, ko. Musical Instruments and carriages Olau&glasswaro;,chlna waro and porcelain Furnituro "Toys, turnery, wooden ware, brushwaro wickerware, and oarthenwaro _ Woolton blankets & rugs "Dried and preserved ft ulta, io. Staroh .. Macaroni Vermicelli "Prosorvod meats & Dib Chocolato Cocoa ,. Ollmon's stores not OlhernlBO enumerated 2101b. .. 2'Olb, .. SlOlb. .. 1601b. .. 60 buihels 20cm... <0 gallons 10 gallons Oowt. .. In No. 30 palra Iton .. 1 package I packago 1 package I packngo t package 1 paokage Exportation. 1packago 10 gallons I oaik Soases, or bulk 50 gallons 001b. loliitorequlr. quantity Wow 1. or 43Wt. respectively towt, ISlb. 5owU l packago t paokage I paokage I packago I paokago 2101b. .. 2101b. .. 2101b. .. 2101b. .. 2101b. .. 21011). _ 2101b. .. £10 val no "1 packago I packago I packago 1 package I package 20 burilóla lOowt. 1 paokago I paokage I paokage 20 in No. 20 palra I ten £10 value or 1 paokage £10 value or 1 package £10 value or 1 packago £10 value or 1 paokage £10 Talus or 1 package 1 packago 1 package 1 package I packago I packago I package I package I paokage loirt. towt. AGRICULTURE, Tho season having assumed an almost tro .pical character-molsture accompanying or ."alternating with tho higher temporature in a jnanncr very unusual in Victoria-the work of harvesting has boon pawned under rather unfavourable conditions, excapttog where it noa early concluded, In thoso localities the wheats ore of first-class quality, and where the 'quality has been good the yield also has been Generally satisfactory, In thecoolorand later ¡stricts the harvest is in process of being gathered ; and it is in such parts that the yields are expected to bo somewhat deficient. .The rust has affected the wheat crops very par- tially-taking one field and leaving another without apparent reason. Around Melton, and in the metropolitan district generally, it has rendered valueless nearly the whole of the wheats, but as oaten hay is the principal farm crop near Melbourno, the damage is not of such serious moment as it would be in a grain-growing district, A.s a rule tho rust has inflicted most damage upon the longest- established farms. It has obtained a footing in the grasses, and especially in those along the fences, and from thence it makes a fresh start whenever suitable atmo- spheric conditions occur. We regret to state that the oidium, after experiencing from our hot winds several severe checks, which, raised hopes of its being banished for the season, has during the last few days been developed in vineyards where it hod not been previously seen. Its having done so is no doubt due to the favourable state of the weather, which is now and has for some time past been "dripping." In gardens the vines chiefly attacked are the black and_ muscat Hamburgs ; of the wine grapes in vineyards the verdeilho has been the first to show it. The only remedy that has been tried to any appreciable extent has been the flowers of sulphur. We have no good sulphurators here ; none, indeed, of any kind are now procurable, the row in stock having been quickly ab- sorbed, There is, however, not much occasion for them as yet, the disease having reached us late in the season-too late, it is hoped, to do much harm. On the Murray, and in certain parts of New South Wales, the vignerons have bean troubled considerably with oidium. The foot and mouth disease having been brought to Sydney in no less than three vessels having cattle on board, meetings of stockowners have been held in New South Wales, and sub- sequently one in Melbourne, to urge upon the Governments of both colonies the propriety of taking steps to exclude the disease. Ai foot- and-mouth was said to run its course in ten days, little apprehension was folt that it would ever arrive ia Australia. It would seem, however, that shipboard supplies no curative conditions, but has a tendency to prevent restoration to health ; three head out of five having died on the first ship (the Winifted), and ono bull on board tho Madras having died when 95 days out from home. Since that occurrence, the Parramatta has arrived, and her cattlo aro still in quarantine, the disease- or what is taken for it-having manifested itself after the landing of the stock, if not also on the voyage. Although the number of cattle imported into Melbourne is many times more than the number received at other Australian ports, the whole have happily been free from the disease in point ; but as it could not long exist in New South Wales without being brought hithor> over- land, our stockowners have doomed it ex- pedient to take action, and have requested the Victorian Government to prevent the landing of any infected animals, and to take early steps to procuro the enactment of a law on the subject. They, however, seok only a month's quarantine, whilst the Sydney stock owners propose to prohibit the further im- portation of stock liable to the disease until the danger of infeotion shall appear to have passed. The matter will doubtless come on tor discussion shortly after the mooting of Parliament. THE REVENUE. Tho followiug Is the comparative statement of tho net revenues of Victoria during the quarters and years ending December 31, 1870 and 1871 respectively : Deo. SI, I Dec. 31, 1870\. 1871. Quarter ending Year ending Deo 81,1 Dao. 31, 1870\. 1871. I.-CUSTOMS. Import duties On Spirits Wfno.. Beer and cider Tobacco and snuff Cigars Tea .. Sugar and mo lasaos Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa, and choco- late Opium Elco .. Hops Matt .. All other articles Wharfage rates Duties on River Murray goods Total customs li.-EXCISE. Spirits distilled in Victoria Publicans'licences Auctlonoors' do... AU otltcr do. Total excise .. IH.-TKRRI TOIUAL. Salo ot land 1 suction.. Receipts toward) ¡j-thc purchaao c1 glands .. «ont» and licences Pastoral oscupa tlon, Ac. Minors' rlphta ., Business licences., Looses of aurifer- ous and mineral lands Water-right and searching' li- cences, ¿ce Total territorial IV.-P 0x1,10 Worms. Railway Income.. Watcrsupply Tan Youn On cold-fields.. Electric telegraph Toil receipts Total public wotrks V. - PORTS ANI HARBOURS. Tonnogo .. Pilotogo (at out ports) .. Total ports and liorheura VI.-POSTAOS* VII.-FEHS. Supremo Court General Sessions & County Courts.. Courts of Mines Courts of Potty 102,430 0,766] 2,820 17,720 21,44-21 6,914 8,(161 2,119 1,511 77,080 14,045) 101,803 8,007 6,470 27,822 2,040 12,269 14,670 137 4,128 4,116 2,017 8.074 127,800 21,111 14,496 465,817 23,100 23,183 127.148 10,771 69,311 74,089 12,61! 24,400 10 013 7,712 8,121 370,173 00,693 25,241 455.780 43.785 24,741 132,127 11,890 72,577 85,071 18,100 20,345 14,331 0,301 8.942 472,860 60,234 23.003 1,327,261 7,607 5 737 2 DOO 2 248 8 279 850 8.223 878 85,010 8,050 4,713 6,r 29,764 1928 5,609 8,735 18,809 11,232 41,018 21,850 07:746 10,876 2,261 731 0,216 60,042 81,747 02,417 9,804 2,598 480 6,147 257,87» 123,013 277,970 163,818 10,182 3,!""' 25,607 350 1,058 170,489 808 727 101,867 182,959 24945 9,839 78 100,792 8,466 04 8,335 89 3,3761 3Í.727 Undor tlioTranster of Land SUtu'.o buttes on Estates ot Deceased Per- lions AU other fees Total tees VIII.-FINES. Supromo Court Qonoral Sessions li County Courts, Courts ot Potty Sessions Ali othor fines and forioiturc'B Total Ones IX.- MlSCBLLAKB ODS. limit«, exclusive at lanue .. Government prill 4,708 2,380 2.072 t 543 8,516 2,000 803 831 2,470 3,208 G.60Ö 12,057 28,1761 733 1,223] 1,4111 nri tor Labour of soncrs .. Industrial and Re- formatory BCbls, Storage of gun- powder . Salo ot Covern mont property Intorcston Public Account Intorcston loans to Local Bodies All other receipts Total miscella- neous. Tola! rovonue.. Not increase on tb? quarter Net increase on tho year 853 1,578 635 844 317 638 4. 15,541 427 2,711 1.O08 SOO 1.0071 11,235 {822.003 783.0601 89,863 504,430 74,237 071,810 17,007] 239J 17,02 126,830 20,688 4,818 701 10,048 10.059 t 543 82,135 2,207 8,4031 1,67» 6,702 4,077 1,844 93 1,355 4,503: 25,822] 4,600 43,896 03,845 3,244,001 252,853 155.949 232,004 102,712 10,421 2,877 22,324 603.010 78.003 49 33,450 701 710,121 10,120 181 16,302 11,701 3,893 1.402 10,457 11,931 17.064 47,807 104,066 8,035 2,048 5,867 1,010 7,032 5,228 1,410 1,822 8,212 83,818 4,500 13510388 3244601 275.237 * Intruding commission on money ordors. t From 16 th December, 1870. t Exolu.lve ot £84,188 2t. lid. reeelT- in riitn. DuriMnent of »dranoel made In put yean on «count ol waterworks, GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. Tho mining industry of tho colony has been pursued steadily during tho past month, and the yields that have boen reported are quito equal to thoso of the precoding month's, allowance being mado for the liberal holidays talton by all classes in Victoria at the Christ- mas and Kew Year's seasons of the year. In the Sandhurst district-which is now the ricbost gTiMtz----g gold-field in (he world most excellent returns axe recorded by various companies. The success of one of these com- panies-the Groat Extended Hustler's Tribute -from a reef only struck last October, has exceeded anything previously known even in this colony of rich mines ;. and as the reef from which tho large quantities of gold are obtained still continues to be as rich, if not richer, than when first met with, and will probably furnish work for years to come, the mine will doubtless exceed in value any of our other colonial mines, and perhaps any other in the world. The past half-year's progress of this company and their future prospects are concisely and accurately summarised in the following portion of the mining manager's report to the half-yearly meeting:-" On the20th of June last I commenced sinking the shaft 25ft. from the northern boundary, from 240ft. to 301ft. in depth, and have timberod the same the whole of the depth, and fixed a ladder way from top to bottom. I cut the reef which has proved so extraordinarily rich ia gold on the 1st of October, 1871 ; since that time the level has been driven on the western leg 120ft., and on the eastorn leg 79ft., and we have con- tinued stoping the whole of the distance. The cap of the reef averages about 23ft. in thick- ness and 12ft. in height. 1,107 tons of quartz had been crushed up to the 31st of December, 1871, which yieldedll,087oz. lOdwt. of retorted gold, being an average of over lOoz. to the ton. The stone continues to look as rich as hitherto, and shows every appearance of per- manency." Since the close of last year the returns from this mine have been larger than those recorded above. For the fortnight ending January 27 the yield exceeded all anticipations, being the extraordinary amount of 3,900oz. There are other companies on the same line of reef as the Great Extended Hustler's Tributo, which expect to cut the same rich reef, and are now making every endeavour to reach it. ' The large returns of the tribute company have greatly increased tho value of all the adjoin- ing companies, the shareholders of which are sanguine of meeting the same rich stone as tho tribute company have in their claim. In addition to steady returns from many of the older proved quartz claims on Sandhurst, the New Chum and Victoria Tribute and the Shenandoah Company have returned excellent yields during tho past month. During one week the fonner company obtained between 1,'lOOoz. and l.BdOoz, and the latter between 500oz. and GOOoz, These extraordinary suc- cesses of different companies in Sandhurst bavo led to tho formation of many new companies, and a great amount of money is now being exponded in developing new claims, -which, combined with the continuous work performed in the dividend-paying mines, have given such an impetus to mining and business generally on Sandhurst, that it is now one of the most prosperous portions of the colony. Ballarat has not yet recoverod the high position it held several years ago, as being pro-eminently the metropolitan gold-field of the colony. 4 large amount of gold is still obtained in Ballarat proper, but tho yields on the whole aro not equal to what they were at previous periods. More attention is, however, being paid to quartz-mining in the district, and it is thought that its reefs, although not of so rich a charaoter as those of Sandhurst and other districts, will yet furnish remunera- tive employment for an extensive population. Although the yields of Ballarat proper have shown some falling off, those of the other townships and divisions which aro included in the district are good, and it is contended for the district as a whole that it still returns more gold than the Sandhurst dis- trict, and is yet entitled to boar the title of the metropolitan gold-field of the colony. From the various divisions of the mining district of Gipps Land good accounts are recoived. The recently-discovered auriferous country at Stockyard Creek, Corner Inlet, has now a fully established reputation as a per- manent gold- field, and from the extensive unexplored territory around, it is expected that employment will be found for a large digging population, together with the farming and business people necessary to supply the wants of the miners. In the Omeo division of the district the report is that steady pro- gress is being made, and the rolurns are on the whole remunerative. Capital is being brought to bear in the development of the quartz mines, and different parts of the division are being prospected for new reefs. Tho Walhalla division includes some very good mines. One of these-the Long Tunnel Company-which has furnished splendid yields for a long time hack, is considered to be one of the best claims in Victoria. The operations at this mine for tho quarter ending with the 6th January were thus reported to 27ie Argus by the manager, and published in the issue of that journal of tho 25th ult.: - "The battery has reduced for the quarter January 5 as follows, viz.:-»October- Quartz, 1,271 tons, yielding amalgam 5,G05oz. lOdsvc, gold 2 859oz, lldwt., or an average of 2j/" 4dwt. 23gr. per ton. November-Quartz 1,4024 tons, yielding amalgam S,010oz. 21wt., gold 2,254oz, lCdwt. 12gr., or an average per ton of loz. 12dwt. 3gr. Decomber-Quartz 1,090 tons, amalgam 5,211.Joz, gold 2,ô4Goz. ldwt., averaf-e per ton 2oz, lidwfc. 17gr7 Total -Quartz 3,703} tons, amalgam 15,833oz. 2dwt., gold 7,GG0oz. Sdwt, 12gr., average per ton 2oz. Odwt. 17gr. Calcined pyrites treatod, SO tons, yielding GSOoz. 4dwt, of amalgam, gold lGloz. lOdwt., or an average per ton of 3oz. 4dwt 14gr." The increased yield of gold in the colony in 1871, as compared with the returns of 1870, is not so largo as was anticipated. The principal faots bearing on the gold-fields' history of 1870 and 1871 wore summarised as follows in Tile Argus of the 12th ult. :-"In 1870 we exportod l,222,798oz of Victorian gold ; in 1871 the quantity shipped from the colony was 1,355,477oz , showing au apparent difference in favour of the latter year of 132,679oz. But on the 1st of January, 1870, the banks held 153,415oz. of Victorian gold, and on the 31st of December of the same year 212,458oz , showing an increaso ia favonr of the year of 59,013oz., and bringing the total yield for the year up to l,281,841oz. Then whilst on the 31st of December, 1870, tho banks held 212,458oz., on the 31st of Decem- ber, 1871, thoy only retained in their posses- sion 162,3C0oz., showing a balance against 1871 of 52,098oz., thus reducing the actual j ield for the year to l,303,379oz, or an increase of only 21,S38oz. on the yield for the pre- ceding 12 months. It is only right to say that the calculation of the Mining department is very different, and far more favourable to tho year just past than the one we have now made. The department estimates the total yield for tho year at l,308,200oz" of which G99,750oz. are said to be the produce of allu- vial mines, and C6S,-450oz, the yield of the quartz reefs. This estimate, howover, is based upon information obtained from gold buyers and others by the mining surveyors and registrars in charge of the several districts,' and cannot be so aocurato as the precise statistics relative to exportation and the quantities held by the banks. There is just this one argument, that as there is no export duty on gold, the returns may not be so trustworthy as they previously were, but this can really make very little differ- ence, because as thero is no duty to collect, thero can be no reason cither for concealment or the falsification of figures. The number of miners engaged upon the gold fields varied but very little during the whole of the past year. During the first quarter the average number was 58,'¿20 ; during the socond, 57,439 ; during the third, 58,506 ; and during the fourth, 58,241 ; or an average during tbo whole year of 58,101. The following table gives the average number of miners employed and the quantity of gold produced for the last six years ;-_ Tear. Number ol Minors, Viold ot Cold. 1S0O .. 1867 .. 1808 .. 1869 .. 1870 .. 1871 X.6S6,B3l 1,403 831 1.474.187 1.367 OOS 1.281,841 1.803.879 73,479 05,857 03,181 08.037 00,867 _C3 101_ From this tablo it will be soon that tho labour employed in the production of gold was less last year than in any of the six preceding ones, whilst the result obtained was greater than in 1870, though loss than in 1809\. Averaging the value of the gold ob- tained at £4 por ounce, tho mining industry was last year moro remunerative than in any other year of the six quoted, with tho oxceptiori of 1807 nnd 1808. In I860 the value of tho individual miner's earnings, judging from the gross results, was 31s. per week; in 1807, 35s.; in 1803, 3Gs. ; in 1809, a trifle less than 31s.; in 1870, a fraction more than 32s. por week; and in 1871, about 34s. Cd. per week. Tho total amount of the dividends declared by public mining companies during lost year was £932,000. Taken altogether, the results, although not so good as was anticipated, are of a satisfactory and encouraging character. Looking at the prospects of tho whole of our gold-fields, it does not appear too much to say that in all probability-at least for very many years-we in 1870 reached our minimum yield of gold. All the mining districts appear far healthier now than they did'12 months ago, and the difference which tho now discoveries at Sandhurst and the spirit of enterprise excited by them will doubtless create, is only jost beginning to bo felt." MEAT-PRESERVINO. Only two companies have been actually working during the last month-viz., the Melbourne, whoso business was only slightly affected by the depression of a few months ago ; and the new company at Geelong, which has been preserving at the rate of from 2,000 to 3,000 sheep per week for six weeks past, The Riverina company, which has been merely manufacturing tallow, is understood to have entered upon preserving, for which business it was primarily organised. But the, influence of the good news from the European markets is chiefly witnessed in the efforts which are being made to reopen the closed works. There are five establishments which bave been idle since the trade fell off and revived. Three of them, carried on formerly as public companies, are likely to be set agoing again as private undertakings by s m all parties (numerically) of capitalists'. The other two intend to enlarge their capital and resumo work on the old basis. It is not expected that there will be any difficulty, so far as two establishments at Footscray are concerned, in gathering together the means for setting them to work ; but the Warrnambool works havo been offered for sale -without producing a buyer, though it is understood that several persons have been arranging for the purchase of them. The Warrnambool company was a promising affair before the general collapse ; and had a contract in common with the Melbourne com- pany to supply the Admiralty. But the capital was too small, and the company was not efficiently managed, An extraordinary'meet ing of shareholders in the Ballarat Meat preserving Company was held last week, for tbo purpose of authorising the directors to ncrease the capital of the company by the ssue of 2,000 additional shares. The meeting was well attended, and Mr. VV. C. Gibson occupied the chair. The Chairman, ia his opening remarks, stated that though little more than 12 months at work, the company btid preserved und sent home 2,46l,000lb. of meat, equivalent to 84,000 head of sheep and 1,800 head of cattle. The shareholders decided to increase the shares by 2,000, and to autuo tibe ti» directors to borrow a sum of money ou mortgage of the plant, &c;, to enable the company to resume operations at once. Efforts are being made to raise additional capital for the Colac company, which began picserving cattle and rabbits, under circum- stances that seomed auspicious, but was stopped as soon as the crisis came, lest want of means should produce a catastrophe. The company's position is healthy, but ex- perience has shown' too soverely the ill consequences of carrying on with small capital, and operations will not be recom- menced until a new issue of shares has been disposed of. The meats of the company have been highly commended. Advices show that preserved mutton has been principally inquired for, just as in the war times the run was upon beef. It is expected from the smallness of the shipments that the stocks of mutton will be exhausted for a short time, and that thon the beef will be bought up. The Melbourne company has considerably enlarged its shipments, and is now on the point of making additions to its works, which will enable it to ship double tho quantity at present manufactured. A new establishment is to be opened. Mr. Patrick Hayes, the manager of the late Australian Company, is erecting machinery in the buildings on the Saltwater River, below the railway bridge, where he formerly carried on business of a different kind. Mr. Hayes is supported by a Melbourne mercantile firm. The report of the Adelaide Meat-preserving Company gives a favourable account of operations. The report for 1871 showed 3,259,0001b., being a large increase over pre- vious years. The company started at Sydney, Now South Wales, will be in full working order in about a month's time. _ Under these circumstances it will not be Jong before full shipments to England are resumed. _ THE WEATHER. The weather throughout the month has been extremely hot and oppressive. Such a continuation of intense heat has not been experienced for a number of years. Begin ning shortly before Christmas, jt has lasted, with only occasional intorvals of cooler weather, up to the present time. From Friday, January 5tb, up to the following Wednesday tie heat was almost unbearable, and was rendered still worse by a hot wind which prevailed during the reater ortion of tho time. The highest temperature ia the shade -102°-was recorded at the Melbourne Observatory on the afternoon of the 10th. It was 101° on the afternoon of the 9th, and it reached 99° on both the 7th and Sib. Tlio highest reading in the sun-141°-was i reorder! on the 10th, and on the Stn it was 140°. On the afternoon of the 10th the wind wont round to S , blowing fresh and cool for a fow hours, and Uien grndunlly dying away. Close, sultry weather again succeeded. On the 14th and three following days, frequent thunder and lightning and heavy rain showers were experienced, after which it cleared up, and remained fine and pleasant until the end of ü.e week. The highest temperature in the .shiido recorded during the week was 103X This was on the lGih inst., and the tempera- ture in the sun was 141° the same day. After a brief interval of cool weather the intense heat again set in, and reached its culminating point on Sunday, the 21st. Though according to the thermometer the beat was not quite as gieat as on several previous days, the weather was felt to bo oppressive to a degree, but fortunately early next morning the wind shifted to the S.W., and since then compara- tively pleasant weather has beon experienced. This extraordinary weather has not been confined to the metropolitan district, but Las prevailed all over Victoria and u groat portion of Now South Wales. The reports from the country districts, if correct, place the heat much higher than that given by tho Melbourne Observatory. In the metropolis the heat was rendered still more unendurable by the scarcity of water. For several days, particularly from the 5th to the 10th ult., it was scarcely possible to procure sufficient water for domestic consumption in many of the more northern portions of the city, while baths were quite out of the question. The great heat caused extensive bush fires in some of the country districts, which destroyed a good deal of fencing. Deaths from sunatrokehave also been lamentably frequent, and a good deal of sickness has resulted from the long continuance; of this trying woather. A smart shock of earthquake was experienced in tho north-eastern portion of the colony on Janu niy 3. The inhabitants of Albury, Chiltern, Bright,Yackandandah, and other towns, were considerably alarmed by the shock ; but little actual damage was done. Heavy floods have risen in the northern portion of South Aus i talia, and also at Normanton in Northern Queensland, _ THE LABOUR MARKET. The most distinguishing foaturo of tho labour market during the past month has been the extiome scarcity of bouse servants, both for town and country. On many occa bions the number of employers has exceeded the number of persons socking engagement. This scarcity is said to bo caused by the large number of female servants who have married during the Christmas and New Year holidays. The harvest is not yet over, and labouring mon havo been able to obtain plenty of work throughout the country. The dispute in the çabinetwalçerô' trade still con- tinués, ¡mu from the conflicting statements made on either side it is difficult to ascertain what aro tho average oarnings in this trade. The men, however, seem to be able to hold their position, and refuso to go to work unless their demands are conceded, and in tho mean- time the men are undertaking work on their own account at a price tho employers say will not pay the expense of the materials. There has been no emigrant ship in this month, and for somo time to come wo may not expect tbo market to bo relieved in this manner. The following aro the ratos of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-Houso maids, £20 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; malo ao., 20s. to 70s. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels-Cooles, malo and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housomoids, £30 to £35 er do. ; grooms, 15s. to 25s. per week. For talions - First-class married couples for home stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £52 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-Men cooks, £40 to £52 per annum ; marriod couples, £50 to £CO por do. ; female ceneral servants, £25 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £45 per annum ; shephords, first-class, £35 to £45 do.; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; general station hands, 15s. to 20s. per week. Farm Servants. -- Ploughmen, £35 to £45 per annum ; ordinary farming men, under long engagement, £40, to £45 do. ; men en- gaged for harvesting, 25s. per week. All the above servants are fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations are given, the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria:-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour. 21b. sugar, and Jib. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Stonemasons and plasterors receive 10s. to 11s. per day : carpenters from 8s. to 9s. per do. ; slaters, 10s. to 11s. per do. ; bricklayers receive 10s. cor day, but most of the work is done by the piece at somewhat lower rates ; labourers get from 5s. to Gs. per day ; pick-and-shovel men, get 6s. per day. The day's work is eight hours. Cabinetmakers,-The men in this trade are on strike at present for an increase of wages to 9s. per day for day labour, and 10 per coat, increase on piecework. The employers state that the average earnings for good workmen are £2 15s. per week, and for second class workmen about 45s. per week, while the secretary of the Cabinetmakers' Association places tho average at 403. por week. Stevedores' Men, &c-Lumpers; and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, 16s. per day. Work has been for some time past very slack, and there are a great many men out of employment. Donkey-engine drivers get about £4per week; enginoers in tow-boats, £16 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Painters.-Ordinary workmen get about 8s. per day. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 50s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (jiork butchers) receivo 40s. to 50s. per week. Clothing Factories.-In factories where the work is done on the premises the wages earned ore as follows :-Tailoresses, from £1 to £115s. per week ; pressers, £2. From 12s. to 15s. is earned at shirt-making in factory hours, but the greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 0. During the past month the hands have been fully employed on the orders for winter good?. Farriers.-First-class foremen get about £3 per week ; door-men, from £2 to £2 10s. ; time 10 hours per day. Farriers for the country get from 20s. to 30s. psr week, and their board aud lodging. In many parts of the country good farriers are much needed. Bootmakers.-Business in this trade con- tinues brisk, andfull employmentis obtainable for all hands. There is no change in the rates of wages. Forrivetting children's boots as low 08 Gd. per pair has been paid, and Is. for women's boots, lOd. for boys', and Is. 3d. for men's boots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trade the rates paid remain about the same. In a few of the best shops ihe rates paid are-Wellingtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. Gd. ; closing, 8s. Tinsmiths.-The great demand for good ' tradesmen by the meat-preserving sompanies still keeps the price of wages in this trade high. At the meat- preserving works, good workmen get from £3 to £4 per week of eight hours per day, but the work is very hard. In the trado, the rate is £210s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Plumbers and Gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Ironworkers.-The rates paid are as fol- low .--Boilermakers, 12s. per day ; black- smiths, 12s, do. ; fitters, 11s. do. ; turners, 12s. do. ; labourers, 7s. do. There aro great complaints of want of work, and many men are out of employment. Watch Jobbers and Jewellers.-Good work- men get £4 in the first-class shops. Manu- facturing jewellers receivo from £2 lös. to £3 15s, per week. A few of the better workmen receive as high as £5 and £6 per week. There aro a good many men out of employ in this trade, Enamellers,-Good workmen in this trade would find excellent employment at high wages, Coopers.-Most of the work in fchii tiade is done by the piece ; tho wages fixed by the trade are ]0s. per day of 10 hours. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week; drivers, from 40s. to 50s. per do. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In factories, the rates vary, the men being often paid hythe piece. Where wages are paid, tho rate is 40s. por week in factory hours. Saddlors,-This trade is in a very depressed state, and there aro large numbers of men out of em ployment. In best shops the men earn £210s. per week, while fair workmen are often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough common woik the rate is from 25s. to 30s. per week-time, 10 hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.- Beamsmen receive 50s. to 70?. per week ; sbedsmen, 42-, to 45s. per do. ; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can oat n from 50s. to 70s. por week. Gardeners.-Best workmen, for situations near town, get 45s. to 55s. per week ; do, for the country, 40s. to 50s.; inferior hands for country, 12s. Gd. to 18s. per week with rations. Bakers.-First-class worirmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; sooond hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trado is 10 hours per dav. Printers, &c-; Journeymen printers receive £3 per week where paid by wages ; machine men, £3 5s. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers are paid £3 per week; binders, £3 per week; paper-rulers, £3 5s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully sup- plied. Navvies.-The rate paid the men employed on the North-Kastern Railway is 9d. per hour. Miners.-The averago rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, night hour shifts ; hreaksmen get a slightly higher rato of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, got £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-miners get 7s. per day ; [ engineers receive £3 to £3 10s. In Bendigo, most ef the work is oone on tribute. In Alexandra, miners receivo £2 10s, por week. Most of the work in Gipps Land is done by contract ; where wages are paid, the men re- ceive from £2 10s. to £3. RAILWAY RETURNS. The traffic returns of the Victorian Railways for the week ending January 25, 1872, show a large increase over the returns for the corre- sponding period of last year. The passenger traffic yielded £3.804 8s. 2d., against £3.075 2s. 7d. for last year-an increase of £789 53. 7d.. The goods traffic gave a return of £8,093 Gs. Od., againBt £7,400 17s. 10d., showing an increase of £G32 8s. lid. over the receipts for the corresponding period last year. The total ictums for the week amounted to £11,957 14s, lid., against £10,530 0s. 5d., or a sum in favourof the present year of £1,421 13s. 8d. The aggregato returns to date from 1st July were£374,7000s.7d" against £338,03117s. 2d., giving a total advantage for the present year of £36,608 3s. 5d. The weekly average for 30 weeks was £12,490, against £11,267 14s. Gd. last year, indicating a weekly increase during tho presont year of £1,222 5d. Gd. The following are the gross returns of the Victorian Railways from the 1st of January in each year ¡-Traffic to 23rd January, 1868, £30,397 10j. 5d. ; to 28th January, 1869, £44,880 18s. Gd. ; to 27th January, 1870, £42,G92 3s. Gd. ; to 2Gth January, 1871. £42,1114s. 2d. ; to 25th January, 1872, £43 817 7s. 4d, The returns of the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay United Railway Company show a decrease for the month as to total receipts, but an increase in the weekly average. The passenger traffic receipts for the 25 days ending January 25,1872, wore £7,505 19s. 3d., against a sum of £7,843 17s. Öd. received during the 20 days ending January 26, 1871, a difference of £337 l8». 2d. in favour of last year. The goods trafile receipts for the same periods in oach year were, in 1872, £3,020* Ils, 7d., and in 1871, £2,995 19s, 7d., an increase this year of £29 12s. The total receipts for the samo period this year were £10,532 10s. 103.J against £10,840 17s., showing a falling oil m the present year of £308 Gs. 2d. The weekly avorage during that term was this year £2,949 2s 2d., against £2,918 for the same period last year, giving an increase of £30 8s. Gd. for the present year. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. Tho departuro of the Earl of Belmore for England is to take place at the end of the current month. Sir Hercules Robinson, his successor in the government, is not expected to arrive until June. lu the interim the Chief Justice will administer the govern- ment' The Secretary of S tato for the Colonies, in the despatch relieving the Earl of Belmore, at his own desire, of his office, says that the Imperial Government have not failed to recognise the ability and success with which he has administered the govern- ment ho was about to relinquish. Farliament resumed its sittings on Tuesday, the 2Srd January, and one of the first ques tionsbrought on was the Murray border duties. The proceedings in connexion with this subject are fully explained elsewhere in this sum- mary. Mr. Henry Parkes, who returns to public life as a determined opponent of Sir James Martin's Governmont, has been elected as member for Mudgee. Should the Martin Ministry be obliged to retire, it is likely that Mr. Parkes will be the Premier of the next Government. The Land Bill has boen a good deal condemned for advantages it is sup- posed to give to squatters. Mr. Vogel, the Premier of New Zealand, and Mr. Webb, of the California mail service, have been endeavouring "induce the Government to subsidise the line of steamers running from San Francisco to Auckland, and on to Sydney ; but it is understood that the Government are favourable to a direct service only, Le, one avoiding New Zealand, which takes steamers for Australia out of their way. A great fire occurred in Sydney on the morn- ing of the 7th January. A numbor of build- ings were destroyed. The principal one was the Prince of Wales Opera-house, in which the fire is supposed to have originated. Several small houses were demolished by the fall of the Opera-house wall, and three men received injuries from which they died. One was Mr. Coates, of the china warehouse. Messrs. Hardie and Mitchell's flour-mill was burned down, and great injury done to the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel and Prince of Wales Hotel. About £50,000 worth of property was destroyed. Neither the opera-house nor its contents wore insured. Entertainments have been given for the relief of the sufferers, among the principal of whom were the lessees of the theatre and the dramatic company performing there, It is little more than 11 j cars since the former opera-house, which .--tood on the same site, was burned. The building recently destroyed was handsome, and capacious enough to hold 3,000 persons when there was a crush. The Government have released from gaol the convict Andrew Hume,who, some months ago, told a story of the existence of the remains of Leichardt's party in the far interior. Hume has been despatched to Port Darwin, whence he has to journey alone a distance of 1,200 miles to the cave where six years ago he says he saw an old white man, sole survivor of the party, and a quantity of papers, relics, &c.; He is to be furnished with two horses and native weapons, as he intends to subsist like a blackfellow, and gather his provisions by the way. A sickening spectacle occurred on the 2nd January, at the execution in Sydney of a convict named Kelly, for an attempt to murder the foreman of the stonemasons in Paramatta Gaol. The prisoner kicked the hangman in the stomach, and then struggled violently with the assistants, who at last partly overpowered him, slipped the rope over his neck, pushed him on to the trap, and drew tho bolt, while he was screaming out loudly and still endeavouring to free himself. Kelly had supposed that he would not be bung, because tho foreman had recovered ; hence his resistance when he found that the sentence of death was to be carried out, A case of murder and suicide occurred on the (Hh January, at Sir William Macarthurs faim at Camden. The groom, Robert Boyde, was chasing the wife of the superintendent, Mrs. Wright, sportively, it was supposed, and brandishing a large knife. James Stewart, the storekeeper, thinking Boyde was going a little too far, started to inform Mr. Wright, when Boyde stabbed him dead. Mr. Wright ap- peared as Boyde was resuming his chase of his wife, and knocked him down with a brick. Boyde got up, and ran off to his quarters, where he shut himself in and cut his throat. It transpired at the inquest that there were symptoms of softening of the brain in Boyde. Friday the 26th January was celebrated as the Sïth anniversary of the foundation of tho colony. A party of GO men have sailed from Sydney in the brig Maria, commanded by Captain Gillespie, to prospect for gold in the island of New Guinea, and, if possible, open up a trade with the natives. Redscar Bay, on the south fast coast of the island, is where they intend to land. A stringent code of rules has been adopted to prevent broils between members of the expedition and the natives, who are known to be jealous of the coming of strangers. The last quarter's revenue showB an increaso of £70,000, and the increase on the year is £130,000. The new taxes are proving produc- tive. The Commercial Bank has realised a divi- dend of 15 per cent., and bonus of 5s. per share ; City Bank, 5 per cent. ; Wallsend Coal Company, 5 per cent. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The new Parliament met on the 19th January. Sir G. S. Kingston was elected Speaker, The speech proposed a consolidation of the public debt at a reduced rate of interest, end a loan of £310,000 for the construction of the South-Eastern Railway. Promises were made of an Education Bill, a Lind Bill, and measures to deal with the public roads, the Insolvency and the Electoral Laws. The Government were ousted on the motion of Mr, Boucaut, by 19 votes to 13, for having lccommeuded the late dissolution. The new Government consists of Mr. Ayers, Chief Secretary ; Mr. Boucaut, Attorney-General ; Mr. Hughes, Treasurer ; Mr. Dorrington (a nev member), Minister of Lands ; and Mr. Ramsay, Ministor of Public Works. They have been tolerably well received by the Assembly. The greater part of the policy contained in the speech has been adopted by them. No Premier exists among the Ministers, in order that the resignation of one member shall not involvo the resignation of the others. Temporary supplies have been granted to the new Government, who mean to ask for a short adjournment. Ihe progress of the overland telegraph has reached this stage-that early this month it is expected that telegrams will come through from England. The southern portion of the Hue, viz., from Port Augusta, at the head of Spencer's Gulf, to the end of the fifth section, betond Central Mount Stuart, is ready for work. Daring December and January ope- rators were stationed at different points ulong the line, and telegrams came down from the Alice Springs, in the MacDonnoll Ranges, in the first week of the year. These ranges are 1,100 or 1,200 miles from Adelaide. On the 13th January Mr. Clarke was pushing on from the Alice Springs to the end of the fifth section, 360 or 370 miles north of the Springs, and the furthest point northward to which the southern line has been carried. From the fifth section to the southernmost end of the northern line coming down to meet it from Port Darwin, there is a gap which can scarcely be 500 miles wide. Mr. Clarke's directions are to despatch a party across the gap as soon as he reaches the end of the fifth section, with a telegram for England. The party is to return at once with any messages which may be await- ing transmission southwards. The first mes- sage is expected through early this month, A horse post is then to be established across the gap, which every day's work on the north ern line will narrow, but how soon the post will bo making regular trips depends on the celerity with which the horses and stores forwarded by the steamer Omeo to the River Roper, Gulf of Carpentaria, oro conveyed to the places where they are wanted. When tho post has commenced running, messages are to be conveyed through to England in five or six days. The cost of the whole line from north to south wa9 originally to have been £108,000: but it now appears that an expon, dituro of £220,000 has been Incurred. Two deaths have occurred. An operator, Mr, Krnagon, died from exhaustion in the hurry of the journey northwards ; and Mr. John Millner, who was driving sheep across tho continent, has been murdered by the blacks at Attack Creek, in the gap between the ¿ùri.hçrn and southern lines. Tho Tarama, s.s" has been chartered by the Government to follow the Omeo to the Roper, or Port Darwin, with further supplies from Adelaide ; and the brigantina Alexandra has been engaged to convey a private party of gold prospectors, organised by Mr. Wescott, io Port Darwin. A gathering of 500 old colonists of 30 years standing took place on the 28th December, Proclamation Day, at a dinner given by Mr. , E. Solomon, M.L.C. It was a pleasant affair, and some amusing things were said of tho good old times of 1838, when a silver shilling was not to be seen in the placo, and Govern. I ment and everybody else was bankrupt. I A_ revival among the copper mining com- panies is expected on account of the advance ¡ of prices in the English market. Severe floods havo been reported in the northorn districts ; and extreme heat in the south, in the early month of January. QUEENSLAND. Parliament has been prorogued until the 1st March. The Palmer Government could not make any progress with their Additional Members Bill, and eventually an arrange- ment was made with the Opposition for the grant of temporary supplies, on condition that the Government, on the reassembly of Parliament, should bring in a scheme for the redistribution of seats. Unseemly disturb- ances have occurred in the Assembly. On the 9th January, strangers having been ordered out, members occupied the time in moving that first one and then another should bo committed for contempt. On the following evening, Mr. Pring, who seemed to be under influence of a particularly strong character, became involved in altercations with other members, and eventually walked across the floor, and pulled Mr. Clark, a Government supporter, by the whiskers. There was an instant order by the Speaker for the arrest of Mr. Pring, but Mr. Pring was too quick for the Sergeant-at-arms, who returned from a brief chase through the lobbies, and reported that Mr. Pring had got away. Proceedings were taken to have Mr. Pring, who in the mean time resigned, summoned to the bar ; but a delay was allowed to occur, and Parliament was prorogued before anything had been done. Mr. Clark has denied that his whiskers were pulled, but there can be no doubt that Mr. Pring wished to provoke him to follow him "outside." Mr, Handy, barrister, has been elected for North Brisbane, in place of Mr. Pring, who was second on the poll. On the conviction of Captain Coath for kidnapping, the presiding judgo said that there was evidence enough to have ensurod a conviction for piracy. An attempt was made to set the verdict aside, on the ground that where persons outside the British dominions were brought within them by force, there was no kidnapping, inasmuch as they were brought within the protection of the law. But the Full Court sustained the verdict, and the consequent sentence of a fine of £50, and five years' imprisonment. The telegraph line from Brisbane vid Card- well to the NormanRiver, Gulf of Carpentaria, was completed on the_4th January. There have been heavy floods in the Gulf country. An inquiry made on board the Petrel, schooner, at Maryborough, into charges of kidnapping, alleged by the Netv Caledonia. Gazette, has shown that the charges were unfounded. A Royal commission is to be appointed to inquire into the subject of railway ex- tension. TASMANIA. Treasury bills to the amount of £20,300 have been floated; £17,000 of them at 1s. pre- mium. The Mersey and Deloraine Railway is now open. The journey from Launceston to the Mersey is done in six hours. Mr. Anthony Trollope is on a visit to the island. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The jarrah timber trade at Geographe Bay is thriving, The works at Rockingham, where a second Victoria company is planted, aro in an advanced state for making a com- mencement. Telegraphic communication has been opened between Perth and Guildford. The Governor has sailed from Fremantle, in H.M.S. Cossack, on a voyage to the north- west settlement at Nicol Bay, where exten- sive pearl fisheries are carried on. NEW ZEALAND. Immigration and public works in the shape of roads and railways are at present the main points to which public attention is directed in New Zealand, and which engage the consideration of the General Government. After protracted negotiations, arrangements have been made between the Government and Mr. Brogden, an English contractor, for constructing certain railways and tramways in each of the two main islands. The extent of outlay at present is £700,000 for railway works to be at once undertaken. An attempt is being made by Dr. Featherstone, the agent general of the colony in London, to supply tho labour required to carry out these works, and at the same time to afford a permanent addition to the population of the country. With this double object in view, he proposes to send out a body of immigrants!rom Sweden and Norway for settlement upon the waste lands. The efforts of the Government to pro- mote immigration are likely to be considerably benefited by tho exertions of the Colonial and Emigration Society of London, whose ugimt-the Hon. Colonel Fielding-has re- cently purchased 120,000 acres of land, form- ing part of what is known as tho " Manawatn block." With the land and the climate and capabilities of the country Colonel Fielding expresses himself as very highly pleased, and he undertakes, on behalf of the society, to place 2,000 adults on the land within the next four or five years. The San Francisco mail service, from which such important results were anticipated, is in a very unsatisfactory condition. Up to the prisent it has failed to fulfil the expectations of Mr. Webb, of New York, the contractor, or to satisfy the people of New Zealand, who were persuaded by Mr. Vogel, tho Tieusurer, to subsidise it to a greater extent than the revenue of the colony at all justified. Mr. Webb, it is stated, has lost heavily by his contract, and has recently announced that he would no longer allow his floating solitudes to navigate the coasts of Now Zealand, He has no objection to his large steamers calling at Auckland, but he declines to permit thom to proceed along the coast, putting in at Wellington and Lyttelton on their way to' Port Chalmers. He and Mr. Vogel are at present on a visit to Australia, with the view of, if possible, inducing the New South Wales and Victorian Governments to come to terms with them, on condition that the contract should be remodelled so as to suit the interests of the Australian colonies to a greater extent than it does at present. They have had an interview with the New South Wales Government on the subject, and it is under- stood that so far their efforts have not beon crowned with much buccess. Unseasonably dry weather has been expe- rienced in various parts of tbe colony for some time, and in consequence the root and grain crops h ave suffered severely in several districts. On the other hand, however, the improvement in the price of wool has added greatly to the better condition of the producers. It is calculated that the late rise in price added £800,000 to the value of tho clip in the Middle Island. Kereopa has been executed for being con- cerned in the murder of Mr. Volkner, the missionary, at Opotiki, in 1865. He was tried, and found guilty, and even the natives concur in the justice of the sentence. Beforo his execution, it is said, he confessed to the Bishop of Waipu that ho assisted ia the murder. Major Ropata, tho friendly chief, who effected the capture of this notorious ruffian, has received the £1,000 reward put upon Kereopa's head by the General Govern- ment. Had he appropriated the whole or the greater portion to himself, he would only have been acting according to the custom of his fellow chiefs, but upon receiving the monejr he divided it evenly between himself and his followers, every member of tho party receiving as large a proportion as his leader. The news from the gold-fields continues to be satisfactory. The yields from some of the Thames claims during the past year were enormous. It is estimated that the total produce of this field amounted to botwooQ U and 12 tons of gold during 1371, and of this quantity the celebrated Caledonia claim con- tributed no less than nine tons. Efforts ate being made at present to strike gold ia the lower levels of this mino. Several reefi on the West Coast and in Otago are attracting considerable attention. The acclimatisation of trout having been | successfully accomplished in several of the rivers, has led. to the shipment of a quantity of salmon ova from London to Auckland via. San Francisco, An attempt made by the Acclimatisation Society of Auckland to intro- duce silkworms is to be abandoned. FIJI. 1 There aro happily no deeds of bloodshed to report this month from the Fiji Islands Some excitement, however, has been caused at Levuka by a man named Gough, said to be an employé of the Government, presenting a pistol at Mr. March, the British consul, on his boarding the Peri, a labour vessel. A public meeting of the inhabitants was promptly held on the 9th of December to express indignation at this insult to tho british flag, which was stated to have been hauled down from the Peri. It was ultimately resolved :-" That this meeting has arnvod at the conclusion, from information laid before it, nnd the admissions of Mr. Gough, that Her Britannic Majesty's representativo and the British flag have beon grossly ana unwarrantably insulted on board the ship Peri, and that the man who did so has been clearly proved to he under the instructions of the so-called Fijian Government. That this meeting also convey to Mr. March their thorough approval of his conduct under the circumstances, and their willingness, if he should call upon them, to see ample satisfac- tion given him in this matter. That a deputation, consisting of Messrs. Manton. Beatson, Walker, Cusack, and the mover. be appointed to wait on the consul and read to him the resolution." The deputa- tion waited on the consul the following day. Mr. Manton read the resolution, and the consml replied. He thanked them, and the meeting they represented, most sincerely for their action in the matter. The insult offered was not to him personally, but to the British flag, and he considered it the the duty of every British subject to support him at this juncture. British subjects composed ?? per cent. of the white population of the isnr'O, and it was contrary to their bost in- terests to permit such an occurrence to pass -without remonstrance. Ho could assure them that the feelings and wishes of the majority .of the British population would always be heard and carefully attended to. He would not counsel any violent measures to gain redress, as his position was such that he could afford to wait the arrival of a man-of-war, when an opportunity would be afforded the deputation of urging their views on the present state of affairs respecting the interests -of British subjects in tho Fiji Islands. A somewhat lengthy conversation was then -entered upon between the members of the -deputation and Mr. March with roferonco to the means to be adoptod for the preservation -of the rights of British subjects inFiji, after which tho deputation withdrew. It is com- monly reported that it is contemplated to form a perpetual committee to watch the .Government proceedings, and carefully over- look any movements calculated to infringe the privileges of Englishmen. Advices to the <8th inst,, report that the breach between the Government and the British Consul was ?widening, the Government having prosecuted -the Consul's messenger for taking a parcel of letters from a vessel arrived from Auck- land. The Municipal Council of Levuka has been constituted, aldermen chosen, and a mayor ?(Mr. J. Morey) elected. The first lodge of Freemasons in the Polynesian archipelago -wns opened in due form on December 28. The lodge was opened by permission of the King. A grand fancy dress ball, givon by tho Speaker and Ministry, carno off on January 3\. About 70 gentlomon wore present, and 30 ladies, only a very few of whom were able to appear in fancy costume. With the gentlemen, however, the case was different, and conse- quently there was a good variety of costume, from the gentleman of the period, in "Fijian evening dress," whatever that may be, to oddities of all kinds. The hon. the Speaker, after sustaining his part in the opening gresentation to tho hon. tho Premier, oldly took off his coat, and went in for dancing with vigour in his shirt sloeves. News from Bau states that the KaiColos were in a state of rebellion along a lengthy line oE -coast. At Bau, the coast natives reported that the mountaineers wero coming down. The following day they reported that the Kai Colos had been down, and burnt six lotu (Christian) towns, besides plundering the yam crops. They likewiso sentsoros down to some of the principal coast towns asking them to assist in tho murder of the white settlers. A body of about 400 coast natives wero about to proceed to the plundered plantations for the purpose of recovering as much food as possible It was expected that there would then bo a collision between the bollige rent faces. They had not yet molested the settlers. Tui Thakau, the only great ruling chief of the Fijian archipelago who had nu fully submitted to the Government of King Thakombau, has given in his adhesion to that Government, and has been appointed Viceroy of Thakaundrovo. The Government has appointed a commission to investigtte the claim to compensation of white sottlers of Dreketi for injuries done by the natives. The intention, as understood, was in this and any similar cases which might taereafter occur, to enforce payment of such compensation by and from the district whereii the injuries wero committed. A dificulty exists about Warburton's mur- derers, as tho general belief is that they wero kidnaiped. If so, the Fiji Times maintains that tie Government cannot punish them for regaining their liberty. The schooner Peri, with a portion of the prisoners on board, is reported missing. The Queensland conviction in tho Jason kidnrjpping case sentencing Captain Coath to five years' imprisonment and to pay a fine of JE50, las been confirmed. OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS. Tia chief event of interest in aquatic circles during the month was tho Intercolonial Champion Gig Race which took place at Hobart Town on Tuesday last. There were five crows engaged-two from Sydney, two from Hobart Town, and one from Geelong. The woather was magnificent, with a mode- rate bieeze. The race was witnessed by an immense concourse of persons, estimated at about 20,000. The distance of the course was five miles. The Tasmanian boats led for the first milo and a half, but the Sydney crews soon carne up, and kept in front to the finish, the Sydney Rowing Club crew coming in first, with tho Sydney river crew second, beating the Barwon crew by 2min. 10sec, or half a mile of distance. The race was a superb one. The following was tho order in coming in : Sydney Rowinir Club, SOmln. 20aec. .. 1 Bjdncy River Crew, 37rain lOsec.2 Hobart Town Lieht Crew, S7mtn. 40sec, .. 3 Hobart Town Hoavy Crew, S7min. 4Bseo .. 4 Barwon (Geelong) Crew, SOmln. iOiec. _ 5 In the cricket-field interest has centred chiefly in tho match between East Melbourne and 15 of South Melbourne for the Chollonge Cup. After a very exciting contest, in which some excellent crickot was displayed, the game was determined in favour of South Melbourne by seven runs, A match played at Launceston, Tasmania, on the 20th January, between the local club and an eleven from Ballarat, was won by the latter with 10 wickets to spare. RACING. Tho Midsummer Race Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, which took place on the 1st January, was a very successful affair. The Hurdle Race, for which only six horses started, was won by Fair Nell, in excellent stylo ; Moscow second, and Middy Ashore third. Jack Sprat won the three-year-old Handicap with ridiculous ease, fifteen lengths in front of Wild Briar, Fairy a bad third. Irish King bolted soon after the start. Six youngsters started for the Two- year-old Stakes, the winner being Hercules by Yatten- don, out of Nutcutt ; King of the Ring was second, beaten by a short head, and Blue Devils third. Thirteen horses started for the Midsummer Handicap, which was won by Valentine with ease ; Albany was second, and Detective third. Darkie, by Morris Dancer, won the Steeplechase very easily, Babbler being the only other horse placed. Bott-'s Darkie and Travellsr fell, Reindeer and Typo baulked just before reaching the stand, and Mailboy baulked at the third fence irom home. Valentino won the £100 plate easily, Detective being second ; eight others started. The annual sale of Mr. George Potty's yearlings took place on the 4th Janu- ary, when 11 highly bred youngsters wero sold at an average of 352^ guineas. The attend- ance was very good, and the bidding for soma of the lots very spirited. The filly from Night light, by Maribyrnong, brought 550 guineas, -the purchaser being nominally James Wilson, a trainer, but it is pretty generally known that the real owner is a member of the ring. The Rose de Florence colt, by Fireworks, realised 700 guineas, Mr. W. Filgato being the purchaser. A brother of this colt 'brought 900 guineas lost year. A filly 'by Fireworks out of Art Union went 'into Wilson's stable for the sum of 310 guineas. The bay colt by Fireworks, out of Sylvia, the first foal both of the mare and horse, and the handsomest colt over bred in Victoria, was bought by Mr. J. Tait for G50 guineas. A colt out of Lady Horon, by Fireworks, realised 580, the purchasor being Mr. S. Martin. There was a good deal of anxiety to secure this colt, as his brother, Argus Scandal, had proved himself so good as a two-year old. The remaining lots did not excite much competition, and consequently, went ¿cheap. Tbo yearlings were in splendid if "^edition, their docility and tractablenesB ^ exciting the greatest admiration. So groat has been the anxiety to obtain one of these Îustly-prized youngsters, that a high profit has jeen offered on every lot, and only in one tinstance has a Bale taken placo. Tho following are tho prices obtainod : Guineas. Br L, by Maribyrnong-Nightllght, Jumes Wilson .. .. _ .. .. .. 650 _ c, by Fireworks-Rose de Florence. Mr. W. Filgate .. .._.._ .. 700 B I, by Fireworks-Art Union, Jamoa Wilson 810 B c, by Firework«- Sylvia, Mr. Jobn Tait .. 050 B c, by FlroworkB-fjhryiollto, Mr. W. Fllgato 850 B c, by Fireworks-Lady Heron. Mr. 8. Martin.580 Oh f, by Firework»-Tricolor. B. Waltlock .. 210 B c, by Fireworks- Tbe Fly, Mr. Fairbairn .. 110 B I, by Fireworks-Fair Ellen, Mr. S. Martin 116 \- o, by Maribyrnong-Lady Manners Sutton, D. EobiDBOn .. _ .. .. - 170 B f, by Yattendon-Nutcutt. Mr. H. N. Bunton.135 On Jan 12, the entire stud of the late Mr. -John Moffatt was sold by public auction, at .tho National Agricultural Society's show yards on the St. Kilda road. The attendance was very large, and the prices realised showed how highly the stock was prized. It was observable that on this occasion tbere were several now purchasers in tho market be- sides the ordinary breeders of thoroughbreds and racing men. Though there was great anxiety shown to obtain some of the fresh blood, it was a noticeable fact that the highest price obtained was for the colonial-bred mare Gasworks, bred by Mr. Hurtle Fisher in 1865, the price obtained for this really magnificent animal being 750 guineas, whilo among the imported mares the highest price obtained was for Patrie, who realised 600 guineas. The two- year-old colt, by Blair Athol, out of Pandora, excited considerable competition: he was bought by Joseph Thompson, a boekmaker, for 510 guineas. Tho seven months-old colt, by Gladiateur, out of Nuncia, brought 330 guineas. This little gentleman was very much admired, and it was confidently predicted that ho would make his mark on tho turf. The largest purchaser was Mr. J. Patterson, whose five lots cost him 1,G50 guineas. Mr. Bryant followed next, with three lots for 1,200 guineas. Mr. G. Petty got four lots for 1,080 guineas. The following are the pricos that were realised : IMPORTED SrOOJ^ Guineas. B m 8tltcb In Time, a., by The Curo-Fonella Mr. M'Farland.190 B m Cona, a., by Venison-Oymba, Mr, O. Petty .HO B m Nuncia, a., by Nuncio-Fatima, Mr. 0. Evans .. ., 350 B m Cantata, 5 yrs, by Monarque-Bongstross, Mr. M. Bryant.400 Bm Azoma, 5 yrs, by Flying Dutchman-Ar rogante, Mr. X. Jordan .320 Oh m Parvienne, G yrg, by Nabob-Partiott, Mr. Griffiths .SOO B f Gironde, 3 yrs, by Monarquo-Mu» Ion, Mr. Finlay .. .. _ .. "800 Bí Patrio, 8 yrs, by Gladlatour-Chevrette, Mr.M. Bryant.600 B 1 Etincelle, 8 yrs, by Plutus-Arlclo-Mr. W.M'Oulloch.120 Cli 1 Lady Athol, 2 yrs, by Blair Athol iixaot, Mr. Griffiths.100 Ch f Queen of tho May, 2 yrs, by High Trea- son- Andró-nacho, Mr. Qrlffltha .. .. 800 Cb i Sunrise, 2 yrs, by Sauntorer- Bunsot, Mr. G.Potty.350 B1-, 2 yrs, by Klnir John, Mr. Vf. Lang.. 100 B 1 -, 2 yrs, by CaracUcu«, Mr. Patterson 230 B ( --, 2 yrs (purchased from Mr. M. Daw- son), Mr. Finlay.1G0 Bl h Tim Whf flier, by Van Galen-Sybil, Mr. W.Brown.810 Oh c, 2 lyrs, by Blair Athol-Pandora, J, Thompson .610 Oh o , by Gladiateur-Kunda, Mr. MllchoU.8S0 COLONIAL BRED. Guineas. B m Calliope, a , by ."¡thor-Cassandra, Mr, Wegner .. .. ,. CO B m Hour Grapes, a, by ilaherman-QUder mlro, Mr. G. Potty .100 B m Gasworks. 0 yrs, by Fliherman-Gaslight, Mr. Patterson. " 760 B m Coquette, 6 yrs, by Sir Horoulos-Vanity, Mr. G.Potty .220 B m Mermaid, 6 yrs, bj Ferryman-Calliope, Mr. M'Farland.100 B m Cjmba, 6 yrs, by Fisherman-Corra, Mr. B. Wilion.110 Br m Jessica, 6 yrs, by Flahorman-Jessica, Mr. W. M'Oulloch .235 B m Tho Boe, i yrs, by Stockownor-Corv», Mr. W.Bryant.2O0 B m Oloollto, 4 yrB, by Angler-Chrysolite, Mr. Pattoreon.870 B f Dispatch, 8 yrs, by Panlo-Fisherman's Daughter, Mr. W. Brown .185 B f Vin Ordinaire, 2 yrs, by Ace of Clubs Sour Grapes, Mr. Patterson .200 B f Queon ol Oluba, 2 yrs. by Ace of Clubs Fisherman's Daughter, Mr. W. Filgito .. 170 B f -- 1 yr, by Fireworks- Oaiilopo, Mr. Patterson.100 B f -, 1 yr, by Fireworks-Sour Grapes, Mr. Patterson.. " .200 B I-, 1 yr, by Firoworks-Fishorman's DauRhtor, Mr. Waugh . 71 Br h The Blgn, a., by Muscovado-Onion, Mr. Cumming.210 GELDINGS. Guineas. BrgFrantlo, 4 yrs, by Panic-Flsborrruu'n Daughter, Mr. Glasacook .105 Bl g Voluntoor. 6 yrs, by Fisherman-Ro!o, Mr. L. L.Smlth. 30 Br g Steol Trap, i yrs, by New Warrior Fnucoboi, Mr. Jones. al B g -, 4 yrs, by Cossack-Vel udla, Mr. JoncB .. .. - . 45 B g-, i yrs, by Lord of tbeHIlls-Brownlo, Mr. Welfh . 21 Big , 4 yrs, by Lord of tho Hills Brownlo, Mr. E Leo. 61 Oh f-,6 yrs, Mr. Finlay . 30 B I-, 8 yrs, by Panic, Mr M'Farland .. 17 Br f-, by Tbe Sign, Mr. Ibbotson.. .. 16 THE THEATRES, &c; Thero has been but one theatre-the Royal -open during the groater part of the month, the engagement of Messrs. Taylor and Bird's circus company at the Princess's Theatre having como to an end soon after the departure of the last mail. Tho Christmas pantomime, in which Miss Anna Forde sustained the leading part, after a t olor ably successful run of four weeks, wa3 with- drawn last Saturday to enablo Miss Helen Ernstone, who was announced as a young tragedienne from the London theatres, to make her first appearance as Joan of Arc, ina tragedy adapted from tho Gorm an of Schiller by Mr. Villiers. It is a hoavy play, and Miss Ernstone did not achieve a success. She will probably appear to better advantage in characters which make a lighter demand upon her histrionic capabilities. Mr. Harry Rickards's performances at St, George's hall continue to attract numerous audiences from thoso who delight in the " comique" business, Tho Zavistowski trio, with Miss Grainger, aro in Auckland, eil route to California, Miss Grainger having entered into an arrangement to play with them for two years. Their fare- well performance in Sydney drew a crowded and enthusiastic audience. Mr. Bayless and his wife (Mrs. Mary Glad- stane) have formed a dramatic company, and gone to Tasmania, Mr. Coppin's charge against His Excollency the Governor, of attondmg the theatro with- out payment, has ended in the preparation of a list of such attendances, and the issue of instructions to His Excellency's solicitor to settle the account, The proceedings in this matter have not added to the popularity of the Australasian Dramatic and Musical Association, through which the complaint was made. MUSIC. Öuring the month just passed there has been a tolerably rapid succession of grand concerts. Of these the Melbourne Early Closing Association havo been the largest promotors with their Saturday Popular Con- certs, which may now he looked upon as well established. Thero ¡B no doubt the magnifi- cence and handsome proportions of the Town hall, the place in which these concerts are given, havo largely contributed to this result. The principal vocalists have been the Caran dini family, Mrs. Cutter the great contralto, the Lyster English Opera Company (lately returned from Tasmania), Mr. Miranda and Madamo Miranda Hirst, and Mr. and Madame Simonsen, besides others of less note. These last-named artists have gone to Sydney, where they purpose doing comic opora with a small English company previous to their departure for Europe by tho Californian route. Mr. Farley (basso) and Mr. Hallam (tenor) accompany them during the continuance of their season. Since our lost advice two new singers have appeared, in the persons of Mr. H. Gordon (basso) and Mr. C. L. Pringle (baritone). Mr. Gordon has a bright and resonant voice of the boss-baritone stamp, and is a very useful singer. Mr. Pringlo has a high baritone voice, but, as a vocalist, has everything as yet to loam. These gontleman come to us from Sydney and from Hobart Town, in which latter place Mr, Pringle entered into engagement with tho Lyster English Opera Company, who are now doing a provincial tour in this country. Tho Cagh Company of Italian singers is shortly due in Adelaide from New Zealand. The principal musical event of the month was the grand benefit concert given in tho Town Hall, on the 13th ult,, to Mr. Julius Siede, for a long time conductor of opera in this city, an admirable flautist, and a thoroughly capablo musician. An immense audience attended to show their appreciation of this artist. The programme was well mixed, and gave entire satisfaction, The members of the late Head-quarters Band, formerly attached to the Volunteer staff, were re-assembled on this occasion, and gave fine selections from "Huguenots" and "Tannhuuser." Miss Schiller's playing at this conceit, as at all others in which she has appeared, belonged to tho highest school of art. An attempt is shortly to be made to re- organise the material of the lato Head- quarters Band for civic and other public pur- poses. The annual meeting of the Molbourne Philharmonic Society, held this month, dis- closes a highly satisfactory state of affairs, a handsome cash balance remaining to the credit of the society after extinguishing liabi- lities and providing liborally for the purchase of new music and musical instruments.. That society has now Mendelssohn's "Athalie" in rehearsal. The Agatha-States Opera troupe has arrived from Sydney. We givo an ac- count of their first appearance in another part of this paper. The want of an opera-house suited to the growing importance of this city ¡8 a common topic just now in circles where . music is a matter of interest. The building up of the great organ in the Town- hall is being proceeded with steadily, but its pro- portions are so large, and mechanism so intricate, that many months must ' elapso before Its erection can be completed. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE ,. HOSPITAL. Tho following is a list of the deaths (ex- clusive of natives) that have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our December Summary, specifying, as far 'as are known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, ! places of birth, dato of arrival in tho colony, tho names of tho vessels in which kthey arrived, and the causes of death :- > Bishop, Thomas, blacksmith, aged 40, native of Kent ; arrived in 1852, ship unknown ; died December 22, of rheumatic gout. Butler, Richard, labourer, aged 34, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1857, by trie Donald M'Kay ; died December 21, of phthisis. Brown, Ann Jane, aged 37, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1841, by the Mauless; died January 2, of fatty degeneration of the heart, kidnoys, and liver. Black, Rosina, aged 22, native of Cornwall ; arrived in 1868, by the Coroma ; died January 3, of pleuro-pneumonia. Brady, Patrick Cooper, aged 07, native of Cork ; arrived in I860, by the Lady of the East ; died January 3, of phthisis. Boettcher, Hionrich, fireman, on board the Prussian war steamor Nymphe, nativo of Germany, aged 28 years ; arrived in 1872 by the Nymphe ; died January 13, of internal hrcmorrhago ; Baker, Henry, store* man, aged 42, native of Norfolk ; arrived in 1852 by Vanguard : died January 14, of cancer of penis. Byrno, -Thomas, aged 28 ; farther particulars unknown ; died January 15, of disease of lungs and alcoholism. Doran, Catherino, domestic, aged 33, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1857, ship unknown ; died December 21, of albuminuria ; Davis, Charles, miner, aged 40, native of the United States ; arrived in 1852, by the Tartar ; died January 12, of diarrhoea. Ernshaw, Charles, range-fitter, aged 48 ; native of Yorkshire ¡ arrived in 1855 by tho Windward ; died December 24, of bronchitis. Esmond, Anthony, labourer, aged 53, native of Ireland, arrived in 1856 by the Albatross ; died January 4, of pleuro pneumonia. Frost, Grace, aged G3, native of Cornwall; died December 27, of paralysis, Farther particulars unknown. Henrichs on, Henry, farmer, aged 38, native of Denmark; arrived in 1872 by the Superb ; died January 10, of phthisis. Himalock, Samuel, dealer, aged 26, native of Norway, arrived in 1872, by the Magnet ; died January 14, of peritonitis. Jardine, Mary, domestic, aged IG, bora at sea; arrived in 1855, by the Sir Charles Napier; died December 27, of phthisis. Jeffries, Richard, hatter, aged 58, native of Ireland ; arrived in. 1841, by the Hindu ; died January 10, of disease of the heart. Knight, Thos., labourer, aged 53, nativo of Bristol ; arrived in 1863, by the Tamar ; died January 1, of disease of heart. King, Joseph, cook, aged 30, native of Portagal: arrived in I860 by the Chanticleer; died January 2, of phthisis. Knight, Caroline, seamstress, aged 30, native of London ; arrived in 1854 by the Kent ; died January 1, of disease of the liver. Knott, Mary Ann, aged 35, native of Kent ; arrived in 1856, ship unknown ; died January 2, of paralysis and debility. Lambourne, Chas., steward, aged 32, native of Reading ; arrived in 1871 by the Tiverton ; died January IG, of hypertrophy of spleen. Martin, Frank, seaman, aged 45, native of Inverness ; arrived in 1863, by the Hero ; died December 21, of phthisis. M'Donnell, Michael, labourer, aged 85 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1853, ship unknown ; died December 23, of paralysis of bladder. M'Neill, Henry, miner, aged 24. native of Ireland ; arrived in 1851, by the Rod Rover ; died December 31, of disease of spino (abscess). M'Lean, John, teacher, aged 65, native of Scotland ; arrivod in 1854, by the Great Britain; died January 11, of hydatids in liver, Manyon, Mary Ann, domestic, aged 27, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1870, by the Nineveh ; died January 14, of typhoid fever. M'Intyre, John, miner, aged 41, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1853, by tho Hurricane ; died January 10, of cancer of the hip. Nulty, Henry, aged 58 ; particulars un- known ; died January 6, of accidental poison- ing. Nicholls, Richard, quarry man, aged 40, native of Cornwall; arrived in 1852, ship unknown ; died January 0, of renal disease. Rosonwortb, William, labourer, aged 42, native of London ; arrived in 1855 by the Carpentaria ; died December 21, of Bright's disease. Kiley. Alexander, shoomaker, aged G3, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1856, by the John Lind; died December 22, of diarrhoea. Boughan, Michael, aged 3 years, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1870, by the Western Ernpiro ; died January 15, of soften- ing of the brain irom effusion of blood, caused by being run over. Thomas, Wm., minor, aged G2, native of Wales; arrived in 1851 by the Lady Franklin : died January 6, of chronic bron- chitis. Weston, Harriett, aged 46, native of York- shire ; arrived in 1854, by the Ocean Chief ; died January 10, of mitral disease. NOTES FROM THE SEA. THE WKECK or THE SUSSEX.-The last mail took to England the intelligence of the wreck off Barwon Heads, on the night of the 31st Decenibor, of Money Wigram and Co.'s ship Sussex, and the probable loss of a boat's crew, despatched from the vessel in the night, with the object of reaching Queenscliff, and there obtaining assistance. The vessel, as reported from tho first, was a total wreck, and the fears entertained respecting the Bafoty of the boat's crew were unhappily realised, all being drowned save one in attempting to effect a landing near tho Barwon Heads. The survivor, a seaman named Labton, was only saved by being an excellent swimmer, and he narrowly escaped with his life. Those lost wero- Mr. O'Flaherty, the third mate (who was in charge of the boat), and three seamen named Feast, Churcher, and Graham. On tho day after the wreck an attempt was made on the part of the agents and insurers (the Southern Insurance Company) to recover somo cargo from the wreck, but the woather turning out boisterous, the attempt was aban- doned, and it was determined to sell tho vessel and her contents by public auotion. Tho sale was largely attended, and the wreck and cargo were ultimately knocked down to Mr. Miller, who was acting on behalf of a party of Geelong speculators, for the sum of £6,800. Tho purchasers have since conducted the work of getting out the cargo with considerable energy. They have been favoured with tolerably fine weather, and their bargain seems likely to prove a profitable one. An investigation into the circumstances of the wreck, which extended ovor several days, was held by tho Steam Navigation Board. Captain Collard gavo a lengthy and circum- stantial account of tho events which pre- ceded, accompanied, and followed the wreck. He explained that before the breakers were reported ho had become aware of a "fearful" error in tho steering of the ship, and that his assumed position on the chart was a wrong one. He was subjected to a close cross-examination by the board, and made to plot down his courses on the chart, but tbo only explanation he could offer of his being out of his position was, that he had been misled by the lights, and that there had been wrong stcoring. After hearing tho evidence of the captain, officers, and several of the crew and passengers, the board decided that the ship was lost by Captain Collard's default, be nothaving taken the necessary pre- cautions to verify his position before attempt- ing to make Fort Phillip Heads ; first, by not making sure that the Hash light ho saw was the Cape Schanck light ; and, secondly, by steering for other lights on his port bow, after discovering that thero had been wrong steer- ing. Taking into consideration Captain Col- lard's long servico and " well-known excel- lent character as a careful officer," the board decided to suspend his certificate for six months only. This inquiry not being con- sidered a complete one, an information was sworn against Captain Collard, and ho was prosecuted at the Melbourne City Police Court on a chargo of neglect. The investiga- tion lasted roany days, and ultimately Captain Collard was committed for trial,, bail of courso bein g allowed. THE WBECK OF THE LOCH LEVEN.-The work of removing the remains of the wreck of the Loch Leven has been terminated, and for the present tho remaining oargo and débris of tho wreck will lio undisturbed at King's Island until other vonturers see their woy clear to take possession. The purchasers of the wreck and residue of the cargo, after the ship had been abandone- by her agents and owners' agents, and by the insurance offices, arobolieved to have made a very good thing of their enterprise. It is understood that the wrcok and any unconsi dered trifles belonging to it, and whatever wool there is still on the Island, mil again be submitted at auction, COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and 0, Company's R.M.S. Behar, Captain Wm. Blake, with the mails out- ward for India, China, and Europe, after embarking her passengers, taking on board gold, specie, and general cargo, took her departure from Hobson's Bayon the after- noon of the 2nd ult. Tho P. and 0. Company's R.M.S. Banga- lore, Captain C. Burne, with the European and foreign mails inwards, roachod Hobson's Bay on the morning of the 10th ult., at half past 8 o'clock. On the 13 th ult. the arrival of the Nebraska at Sydney, from San Francisco via Auckland, ' with the American and European mails, was telegraphed.. The Nebraska sailed from Honolulu on 24th December, having been delayed thero six days waiting for the Moses Taylor, from San Francisco, The same steamer, with the mails outward for America and England, left Sydney on tho 20th nit. STATE OF THADE, Business opened out for the year with an extremely heavy and dull aspect. In the early port of the month more espe- cially, trade for some timo appoared at a complete standstill ; this, howover, can easily bo traceable to the holidays which closed tho month of December and commenced January. As tho month advanced, however, an improvement appeared to sot in which has continued gradually to increase and the month closes with a much botter aspect than that with which it commenced. Thero is no doubt likewise but that a very unpleasant and unsatisfactory feeling of distrust wos also allowed to prevail, owing to one ortwo suspensions whichoccurredamongst the wholesale country dealers of rather an extensive character, and which created at the time a great deal of excitement in all departments of trade ; fortunately, however, wo have been in a great measuro free from tho unpleasant rumours which usually attend such a state of things ; confidence has been allowed gradually to revive, whilo business thuB relieved has oncemore assumed a steadier and more satisfactory appearance. The arrival of the Californian and Suez mail steamers about a fortnight ago was not followed by such satisfactory results as might have been anticipated from the very favourable tenor of advices. The shipments advised certainly showed a considerable increase, but the cheer- ful and healthy tone which pervaded the advices altogether must it is anticipated even- tually react favourably on the|market. Tho position now accorded to our preserved meats in London is most satisfactory, and cannot fail to he of the utmost assistance in the further development of so important an industry, just struggling into existence. Tho continued rise in wool, and the healthy appearance of our chief staple at home, is also looked upon with much satisfaction. On tho 4th ult. the Government published their long-promised scheme of drawback for assist- ing and relieving the intercolonial trade, but the regulations no sooner mado their appear anco than they were condemned as failing to cany out the object to which they owed their existence. Tho question of the border duties has been the sourco of much anxiety of late, and every preparation has beon mado by both tho Sydney and Victorian Governments for tho due collection of these duties on the 1st February. A discussion, however, in regard to this question was last week brought on in tho Now South Wales Parliament, and the defeat of the Government was announced early on the morning of the 26th. Tho liveliest satis- faction was exhibited in commercial circles here that the principles of fairness and jnstico by which our Government was actuated should thus have been recognised and vindi- cated in the Sydnoy Parliament. Notwith- standing the decision of the Assembly, however, telegrams reached hore on Monday lost, the 29th ult, to the effect that the Kew South Wales Government had decided to adhere to its determination to collect the duties. This resolution, as may bo supposed, has caused moro surprise than ever, and it is impossible to say how the matter is yet to end. In the transactions of tho month cornsacks havo figured more largely than for some time past; fully 500 bales have been taken up, and values have been very firmly sustained. Of boots and -shoes, considerable parcels have been quitted ; of lato, however, thoadvanceadviaedfrom Eng- land has had the effect of checking Bales. In candles, no business whatever has transpired, Breadstuffs havo not been much noticed. The riso of wheat in Adelaide, in the face of discouraging accounts from England, has not had the effect of deterring shippers, two vessels, the Duke of Edinburgh and the City of Shanghai, having been chartered to load in Adelaide for London, while the Loch Tay lins been chartered to load hero, also for an English port. In all descriptions of metals an improvement iu values has been esta- blished, Few sales of any significance, how- ever, have been reported ; among the principal wo note the quittance of 200 tons pig iron, likewise the disposal of 200 tons sheet, plate, and rails, at very full prices. In oils, much depression has been caused in kerosene by the advices received, over 03,000 cases having been advisod by tbo mail to hand a fortnight ago. The stock now reaches 55,000 cases, to which have to be added 16,000 cases by the Nehemiah Gibson, and 14,000 by the Rattler and Polly Lewis re- cently arrived. In rice only a trifling busi ness lias been done. Patna basboen almost un- saleable, and Java descriptions have also been unnoticed. In Bait, some 400 tons have been taken up by ono buyer. Operations in sugar have been extensive, and the market closes with a much firmer aspect ; the sales effected embrace 55,000 bags and mats. Teas have been very inactive, and an attempt to sell by auction on one or two occasions has not met with the slightest success. In tobaccoes littlo has been transacted this month. In wines, the business done has been limited. Brandies havo not been much noticed, with tho exception of outside brands, of whieh 105 hhds. were got rid of under the hammer. On the 13th ult., the arrival of the Cali- fornian mail steamer at Sydney was tele- graphed. Our dates from San Francisco, New York, and London reached to 17th Decem- ber. The shipments of kerosene oil advised amount to no less than C3 000 cases. To- baccoes do not amount to over COO coses. The Peninsular and Oriental mail steamer Bangalore was late on the presont occasion, not being telegraphed from Adelaide till Thursday the 18th instead of Tuesday the lGth. Our dates from London by this oppor- tunity reach to 1st December by post, and by tolcgram to 23rd December. Advices from Calcutta are up to 18th December, from Foo- chow to 8th December, from Batavia to 13th December, from Colombo to 23rd December, from Singapore to 20th December, from Saigon to 10 th December, and from Bankok to 2rth Novembor. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. D. Masterton and Co, was held on Thursday, the 4th ult., at their countinghouse, Mr. David Moore in tho chair. A statement to the following effect was submitted for the consideration of the creditors by Mr. H. Selwyn Smith ¡-Liabilities.-Tohills payable, £45,325 13B. 10d.; to open account, £8,063 8s.; to bank, after allowing for securities held, £9,328 ; total, £63,317 Is. lOd. Assets.-By stock on hand, £18,947 13s. Id. ; by open account due to the firm and cash and bills held, £51,45414s. 5d.-£7O,402 7s. Gd., showing an apparent surplus of £6,085 5s, 8d. Mr. Smith explainod, however, that tho character of the assets was dependent very much on the way they wore treated, and that from looking through the accounts in the books he was of opinion that a very large amount of tho outstanding debts WOB irrecover- able. He did not think that abovo £20,000 of thoso debts would bo paid. Ho also thought it likely that tho vory largo amount of bills under discount, which made a contingent liability of £108,709, rendered it probable that the bank would have a heavy reclamation in respect of them. After discussion, it was re- solved, on the motion of Mr. E. F. Sichel, seconded by Mr. W. W. Couche, that the mooting should adjourn for a week, appoint- ing Messrs. George Martin, R. Murray Smith, E, D. Greig, and James Servico a committee to investigate and roport on tho probability of 60U10 arrangement being mado to effect a compromise of tho debts, with power, if thought expedient, to convono a meeting under the act, with a view tho more effectually to orango a composition. Several meetings were subsequently held in this catato, and at a final one on Thursday, the 25th, called for the purpose of legalising proceedings at former meotingB, a resolution was passed that the estate should be wound up in liquidation under the act, and Messrs. A. Lyell and George Horne were appointed trustees. This resolution will enable the pro- position formerly mado by Messrs, Lyell and Gowan to be carried out, viz,, that they should pay tho creditors Cs. per pound-£8,000 to bo paid to the bank in full of all olaims for reclamation, being equal to a ranking on the estate of £32,000 returned bills-, and the surplus, after paying all expenses, to bo divided prorata amongst the creditors, A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. John M'Donnell and Co. was held on tho 16th ult The statement submitted showed liabilities amounting to £21,000, and bona fide assets estimated at £21,700 ; an offer of 15s. was tbon submitted, but at a subsequent meeting tho offer was raised to 17s. 6d. per pound, pay- able 4s. 8d. cash, 4s. 8d. at four months, 4s. 8d, at six months, 2s. at 12 months, by the bills of the firm, and Is, Gd. at two years, Mr. M'Donnell's own acceptances, and the same was ngreed to. Messrs. C. S. Ross and Co., timber brokers, with liabilities amounting to £8,184, also bad a meeting of their creditors, but though with such heavy indebtedness this suspension has not been looked upon in the light of a com- mercial failure. Much disappointment has been exhibited in mercantile circles, as well as otherwise, that though two months and a half have elapsed since the olectric cable between Port Darwin and Java was laid, not a single message has yet been received or forwarded. Wo trust, however, that oro long all the diffi- culties connected with erecting tho wires will be surmounted and the land lino duly com- pleted. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Exchange has slightly risen this month, the rate fixed for the outgoing mail boing $ per cent premium for GO days' sight bank drafts on London. The value of monoy is without alteration, interest is allowed at 2 per cent, on three months' deposit, at 3 per cont. for six months', and 3J per cent, on 12 months' de- posit. The rates of discount charged are G per cent, and 7 per cent, for two and three months' bills, ana 8 per cent, for bills at four months. WOOL. At the public sales held during the month about 12,636 bales were cleared off at prices ranging from 7d. to 14}d. for greasy, Is. 4d. to 2s. lid. for scoured, and Is. 3d, to 2s. OJd, for fleece. STOCK AND STATIONS. The following sales in Melbourne of station properties have come under our notice in the course of the month :-Mr. John Geo. Dougharty, on the 8th January, reported the sale by him of Messrs. Barber and Moore's Goonambil station, on the Billabong, with 25,000 sheep, at 22s. a head, to the Hon. William Wilson, of this city. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. re- ported the sale on the 9th January by auc- tion, of the Warrayure home station near Hamilton, comprising 6,400 acres of land, the whole well fenced and subdivided, with house and excellent improvements, without stock, to Mr. Alexander Cameron, for the sum of £22,400, equal to cash ; the Farrington Estate, comprising 3,800 acres and improve- ments, was also sold for £13,30110a., equal to cash. There was a very large attendance of buyers. STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on January 27 ¡-Brandy, 6,838 hbd., 49,602 cases ; rum, 1,751 hhd" 7 cases ; geneva, 50¿ hhd., 41,250 red cases, 3,890 green cases ; whiskey, 629 hhd., 5,530 cases ; gin (sweetened), 4 hhd., 459 cases ; cordials, 415 cases; spirits of wine, 89A hhd,; other spirits. 7è hhd., 5,642 cases ; wine, 2.826J hhd., 12,957 cases; beer, 1,124a hhd., 14,156 cases and casks; tobacco, manu- factured, 252 half- tierces, 554 quarter-tierces, 9,823 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 3,309 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 237 hhd. and casks, 688 cases. 977 bales ; candles, 2,490 chests, 18,103 boxes; cigars, 380 cases; kerosone, 65,946 casos; Hour, 847 tags ; cocoa and chocolate, 27 packages ; tea, 14,011 chests (1,162,7381b.), 71702 half. chests (2.824,2581b.), 34,211 boxes (453,3541b.) ; coffee, 585 bags, 107 casks, 299 barrels: wheat, 2.825 bags; sugar-Mauritius, 3,604 bags, C25 pockets; Java, 4G0 bags, 732 baskets, 3,780 mats; Manilla, 20,355 mats; Réunion, 1,347 bags ; other ports, 6,021 bags, 3,001 mats ; other (refinery), 919 tons, 147 cases and casks ; opium, 75 packages ; oats, 386 bogs ; chicory, 129 packages ; hops, 1,045 pockets ; rico, 32,201 bags; salt, 20,413 bags ; vinegar, 562 casks, 810 cases. IMPOBTS AND EXrOIlTS. The value of tho imports at thoport of Mel- bourne during the week ending the 27th Jan. amounted to £250,539. Of apparel and slops, the amount was £11,951 ; cotton piece goods, £14,292 ; haberdashery, £10,479 ; silks, £0,144 ; sugar, £30,220 ; timbor (undressed), £6,078 ; woollen piece goods, £41,461. The exports from the port during the same period amounted to £375,684. Thoy included Gold, £S5,109; leather, £6,342; tallow, £27,294; and wool, £213,354. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port since the beginning of the yoar, as compared with the corresponding ponod of 1871 : Wcok EndlDg Jan. 0. Jan. IS. Jin, 20. Jan. 27. Totals. Imports. i Exports. 187L 102,261 288,611 201,018 260.238 _ & 265,027 807,388 801,616 837,000 187.246 810,170 260.680 220,223 653,020 168,660 226,602 375 684 946 768 I 1,008.228 | 1,074,830 I 1.318 372 During tho first period the account stood thus : Imports . _. .. £016.768 Export.1074,830 Balance ot exporta over imports £720.072 During the second period : Imports .. ... " _ £1,008.223 Exporta _ 1,818.872 Bolanco of exports over Imports £806,144 Comparing the above periods with, each other, the results aro as under : Imports in 1871 .£0(5,768 Imports lu 1872 ... _ .. 1,008,228 Incroauo In 1872.£62,470 Exporta In 1871 .£1,674 830 Exports in 1872 .1,313,372 Decreaso In 1872.£801,468 BANKS AND TUBLIO COMPANIES. Land Mortgngo Bank of Victoria (Limited). -The half-yearly meeting was beldon the 25th January, Sir Francis Murphy in tho chair. Tbo nett profits of the half-year amounted to JE6.618, which allowed of £5;000 boing distri- buted in a dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum ; £1,000 was added to the reserve fund, now amounting to ¡£5,000; and £467 carried forward to next half- year. It appeared that the amount invested in loans was £295,373. The reporta presented by the direc tors were adopted, and Mr. Simson, M.L.C., with Mr. Detmold, wore re-elected directors. The chairman stated that the London agency was progressing satisfactorily. Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited). The half-yearly meeting is to bo hold on the Gthinst. " In submitting the balance-sheet and audited accounts, the dirootors have much pleasure in stating that their anticipa- tions of tho growth of the bank's businoss havo been fully realised, and that the net prout shown is tho largest yet made in any half-year, and noarly double that of the pre- ceding six months, The increaso of £53,350 in the deposits and note circulation is very gratifying, and tho progress mado sinco closing tho books on the 30th Docembor indicates a still further augmentation of tho bank's resources in this direction. Aiter protractod negotiations, tho directors havo at length re- ceived a positive assurance of boing admitted to a Bharo of tho Government departmental accounts so soon as the existing agreement with other banks can be determined by formal notice. The current business being thoroughly sound and satisfactory, and tho prospects of the year in every way encouraging, the directors consider thomsolves justified in recommending a dividend at tho roto of 6 per cent, per annum, and after providing for old contingencies and commencing a poriodieal reduction of stationery and preliminary ex- penses accounts, thoy will be ablo to carry forward £3,700 of undivided profit. Over- tures having boon made to tho board from influential quarters at Ballarat to re-open tho branch in that city, arrangements have beon mado for doing so forthwith, undor conditions which promiso an immédiate profitable re- turn." The not profits of the half year are £9,587 19s. Australasian Insurance Company.-The half-yearly mooting is to bo held on the 6th inBt. The directors in the marino and fire branch submit a statement of the affairs of tho company up to the 31st December, 1871. Following up tho division of acoounts re- ported to the last general mooting, all settle- ment on the business of 1870 and previous years has been kept separate. Tho account shows a debit balance of £6,379 10s3w2d. Tbo directors have to announce that the business of tho year 1871 has boon of a satisfactory nature, and that notwith- standing recent heavy losses by first-class vos- eéis, this account will probably result in a good profit to the company. The receipts for the year amount to £05,548 Os. 8d., and tho expen- diture to £20.775 4s, 2d., leaving a balance in hand of £44,772 lGs, Gd., which is upwards.of 70 per cent, of the premium received, In tho lifo branch, the report shows that the assu- rance fund amounts to £55,328. Interest at tho rate of 10 per cont. per, annum will bo paid on the shareholders' capital Southern Insuranco Company.-The half yearly meeting is appointed tor tho 2nd Feb- ruary. Tho accounts for 1870, now closed, leave a debit balance of £7,924 after pay- ing dividends to the amount of £10,000. The accounts for the second half of 1871 show heavy settlements on account of that year, and in view of tho large number of risks yet to tun off the directors are unable to recommend payment of a dividend. Tho experience of tho company has led the directors to place re- strictions upon business which has hitherto proved unsatisfactory, and induced them to close a number of agencies, which will bo followed by a corresponding reduction in expenditure whoro practicable. The fire de- partment of the company's business has not realised the expectations formed respecting it; but this may, in some measure, bo attributed to the exccssivo competition which has arisen both here and in Sydney during the past yoar. From the profit and loss statemont it appears that the marino and fire premiums amounted to £42,10015s. 7d., and that tho marino and fire losses on 1870 and 1871 account, with expenses of management, amounted to within £5,300 of the total receipts. National Insurance Company.-The half yearly meeting will be held on the 7th inst Tho report BIIOWS that the company suffered to the extent of £3,300 by tho disastrous Uro at Sandhurst in August last. There has been a small loss on the transactions of the half year in consequence, but £1,209 is still left as the balanco brought forward from the half year ending 31st July. The total losses amount I to £7,753, and tho total expondituro, including I those losses, to £10,565 19s. Cd. Melbourne Gas Company.-Tho half-yearly meoting was held on the 23rd ult., Mr. Thoa. Moubray in the chair. A profit of -311 372 was shown for tho half-year. A dividend of 8 per cent,, equal to £9,200, was declared, £2,000 carried to debenturo redemption fund, and a balance of £172 brought forward. It was mentioned that the gas rates, which in the past half-year yielded £39,134, had boon reduced to 10s, por 1,000ft. from the 1st January. Tho reports were adopted. Collingwood Gas Company.-Tho half-yearly meeting was held on the 20th ult, the Hon. George Harkor chairman. The prouts of tho half year ending 31st December amounted to £6,016, out of wnioh a dividend of 10 per cent, and bonus of 1B. per sharo was declared. The gas rates for the six months produced £21,215. The rate was 10s. per 1,000ft. from the 1st January, 1S72. An oxtonsion of business was reported. Tho balance of tho capital was to bo called up in April to pay for laying down an onlarged main to Hawthorn and Kew. The reports were adopted. South Melbourne Gas Company.-The for- mation of this company progresses. Noarly the whole of tho 20,000 shares to bo allotted have been subscribed. Tho sito of the works, six acres in area, is at the boundary-line of the boroughs of Sandridge and Emerald-hill. THE BANKS, The general abstracts showing the average amount of the liabilities and assets of the following banks, taken from the several weekly statements during the quarter from the 1st of Octobor to 31st Docomber, 1871, aro published in the Govem7nent Gazette : UNION BANK OP AUSTRALIA. Liabilities.-Notes In circulation not bearing in- terest, £07 709 2a. 10d.; bille In circulation not bearing IntorcBt, ££8,030 Hu. 7(1.; balances duo to other banka, £2,782 la. lid,: dopoBlts, not boaring Intorost, £441 ISt Bo 2d. ; deposits boning Interest, £1,051,858 18s. 10(1 TtUl amount o' liabilities, £1,054,016 8s. id. Asset). -Coined gold and silver and other coined motóla, £274.878 8a. ii; gold and silver In bullion or bam, £65.002 OB. 7(1. ; landed property, £01.000 ; notes and bills of otbor banks, £13,513 16). 8d ; balances duo Irom other banks, £6,060 6». 10d.¡ amount ol all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills ot ex- change, and all sleok and funded dobts of ovory description, excepting notos, bills, and balanças duo to tho Bald bank Irom other banks, £1,202,210 2s. 8d. Total amount ol asaots, £1.702 571, 14s. Id. Tbo roturn also Includes tho following:-Amount of tbo capital stock paid up at tho close ol tho quarter end- ing 80th December, 1871, £1.250,000 ; rato of tho last dlvldtnd declared to the shareholder«, l8 por cent, por annum ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £81,260 ; amount of tho roiorved profita at tho timo of declaring euch dividend, £481,010 5B. NATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.. Liabilities.-Notos in circulation not bearing In- torost, £138,87618). 6(1.; bills In ciiculatlon not boar log Interest, £3,120 0). Od.; balancoi duo to other banks, £17.732 4s. Od.; deposita not boaring Intorost, £440,232 10s. 6d.; biarlDg interest, £300,767 9j. 8d. Total amount of liabilities, £085,724 3i. Od. Assots Coined gold and silver and other coinod motáis, £235,05810a. 8d ; gold and allvor In bullion or bars, £44,257 18s. 7d.; landed property, £80,066 10s. 7d ; notCB and bills of oihor banks, £21,635 Ila Od.; balancea due from other banks, £18,283 10s. 10d.; amount of all debts duo to tbo bank, including notos, bills of exchango, and all stock, and funded dobts ol ovory doeorlptlon, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from other banks, £1,108,880 10s. 4d. Total amount of assots, £1,618,022 7s. 4d, Tho return also inoludos-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho oloao of tho quartor ending 81st Docembor, 1871, £000,000 ; rato of the last dividend doolarod to the share- holders, IO per cont. per annum ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £38,000 ; amount ol tho rosorvod proilts at the timo of declaring such dividend, £lS6,0«O. ORIENTAL BANK CORPORATION. Liabilities.-Notes In circulation not bearing- Inte- rest, £86 300 0). 2d, ; billa la circulation not boaring Inteioet, £20,01014s, 10d.j balancos duo to othor banks, £40,869 4s. 4d. ; deposits not boaring intorost, £237 400 amount to which she shall prove to be amount of liabilities, £831,823 16). Od. Assots. Coined gold and silver, and othor coined metals, £121,030 15s. 6d.; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £82,730 13).; landed proporty, £40,000; notes and bills of othor banks, £5,000 12s. 4d.; balatcca duo from otbor banks, £10 320 14s. Od, ; amount of all debts duo to tbo bank, Including notes, billa of exchange, and all stock and funded dobts of ovory description, oxcoptlnp; notos, bills, and balancos due to tho said bank from othor banks, £083,108 10s. 7(1. Total amount of assots. £1,243,700 lit. lOd. Tho return also Includes tho following: Amount of the capital stock paid up a', tho CIOBO ol tbo quarter ending 3Ut Dcctenibor,1871, £1,600,000; rato of tho last dividend doclared to tho shareholders, 12 per cent. ; amount of the last dividend declared, £00,000 ; amount ol tho rosorvod prouts at tho timo ol declaring auch dividend, £144,000. BANK OP VICTORIA. Liabilities-Notes In circulation not boaring In tcicst, £292,411 ; bills iu circulation not bearing In- terest, £10.09012a, lid.; balances duo to othor banks, £38,489 17s. lid ; doposlta not boaring interest, £804 056 9J. lid.; doposlta bearing Intorost, £1.572 90S Ps. 2d, Total amount ol liabilities, £2.727,807 9). lid. Assots.-Ooinod gold and sllvor and othor coinod metal, £402,140 4B. 8d.; gold and sllvor In bullion or bars, £114.478 9s. 8d,; landod proporty, £181,428 8). Id.; notOB and bills of othor banks, £27,382 9s. 2d.; balances duo from othor banks, £133,103 7s. Id, ; amount of all dobts duo to tho bank, Including notoi, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every doeorlptlon, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from otbor banks, £2 604,00111). lOd. Total amount of assets, £3,412,576 Ds. 8d. Tho return also Includes the following :-Amount of the capital Btook paid up at tho close ol tho quartor ondlng 30th December, 1871, £600,000; rato oltho last dlvf donddeclared to tho shareholders, 10 percent.; amount ottho last dividend doclared, £26.000; amount ol the reeorved profits at tho time of declaring such divi- dend, £150.000. THE COLONIAL BANK OP AUSTRALASIA. Liabilities.-Notes In circulation not boaring In tcrott, £90.065 5s. Od. ; bills In circulation not Boar- ing Intorost, £1,871 8s. Id. ; balances duo to othor banks, £2,611 6s. lOd. ; doposlta not bearing intorost, £275.200 IBs. 8d. ; bearing Intorost, £605 373 6s. 4d. Total amount ot liabilities, £1,005,18110). 4d. Assots, -Coinod gold and »liver and othor ooinod metals, £182,026 OB. Id.; gold and Bllvor In bullion or bars, £18,887 Os. 6d. ; landod property, £68,260 16B. ; notes and bills of othor banks, £18 001 Ila. lid.; balancia duo from othor bankB, £51,214 7s. 2d.; amount of all dobts duo to the bank, Including notes, bills of oxctiango, and all stock, and funded dobts of cvory description, excopting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from othor banks, £1,170,022 4s. lOd. Total amount of assots. £1,603,880 Os. 5d. Tho rotura also includes-Amount ol the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending Slat Docembor, 1871, £400.250 ; rate of tho last dlvidond declared to tho sharo holdors, 8 per cent, per annum ; amount of the last dividend doclarod, £16,250 ; amount ot tho rosorvod profltR at tho timo of doolarlng such dlvidond, £16,000. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Wednesday Evening. In tbo Import markota business throughout tho month baa not boen rnarkoa by much activity. Nothing of a tpcoulatlvo oharaotor has boon experienced, but eales gonerally havo hoon restricted to supplying mero trado requirements. In bulk aloa only trifling parools havo boen quitted, but a bettor business has boon dono In bottled alo and stout. Dundoo goods havo risen more Into notlco, ooneldorahlo linos of cornsacks having been placod. Doola and shoes havo mat with a good doal of favour. Canilles havo been treated with much neglect. Cements have boon quiet. Chomlcals, with tho excoptlon of soda crystals, havo not boon al- tered. Chicory, as well as coSoo, has boen in vory slow salo. Oonfoctlonory Is moving off to a fain oxtent. In cordago, wo noto an advanoe on all Hanllla hemp torts. Fish Is steadily Improving In value. Fruits are oxseodlngly quiet. Breadstuffs art boavy, and without animation. Malro has boon somowhat brisk, but oats have boon quite lifeless. Darloy is almost overlooked. Blasting powder la firm. Hopa have beria In modérala request. Malt has attracted no attention. Matais havo all improved, mor« or less. In oils, kerosene has been much doprossed. Oilmon'a stores bave como moro Into notlco. Quicksilver, which waa falling In valuo at one time, rallied again, .and Is now mush inner. Elco lau boon narkod by gnat dulnoss. In salt, moderate parcela havo been I disposed of. In sugar, a large builoou has naen ' dono. Teas, tobaccoca, and wines and «pulti have beon maiked by oonslderablo doprssslon, Al« and Stout,-Oki Boston's bulk al« having almost entirely boen clearod oft tho markot, thero ha« boen little of Intorost doing throughout; anything at all dono being only In Marrlan'a and Joule's, of wbloh stocks bave also been reduced vary low, and were It not for tbo vary light domand experlonced, supplies on band would barely suffice until now season ship- ments came to bond ; this, however, could not croate any Inconvenience that oolonUl-bre-vod boar would i be unable to oops with. The «ales offooted havo ranged Irom £7 10s. to £8 Ga. for Martian's ; Joule's bas likewise been sold at £7 10a. to £7161., and £8 to 1 £8 foi According to quantity. Blnoe writing, wa learn that tbo Tbonnopy'rt; bas brought the first chlpment of Bast's No. 4 palo air, wolca baa- been at unco talton np at about X8 10i ; tbo exact pt ice wai not given. In bottled airs, notwithstanding a moat deal of bot weather experlonced aluce the mooth commenced, business baa not exhibited much animation Balea to a lair extent bare, hewevor, been made Foster's his mot with pur- chasers at 10s. Ort. Tennont'a baa been quitted Torr freoly at 10s., all supplies havo boon cleared out, and tbo lime rnuat have happened oven if these had been muob moto abundant Blood'* baa boon disposed G1 at Oí. Od. to 10a. M'Kwam'a (« now brand oí aupo tlor quality) has bcon eold at lea. Aitken** is quoted at Ot. 6d., but owing to tbo lots ot tho Underley ex- pected shipments have not yet como forward. De Tfnlih'o b-t» been dliposed ot at up to Oi. Bd., and the value ot Jt Orey'e bas gradually risen from 8t. Od. tots. ardOa. Sa. Atacleatingealootthesebrtnds.heldonthe ~ih lDBt, about 1,000 oaska DeVonleh's ale and JiQiey'a and Byatb'a alo and atout nero cleared off at mico» lialnir, according to condition, from Oi. tld. tr> Be. Gd. per dor.cn. Youngor'a alo Is quoted at 8s. Od. to 8*. Od. Bottled Btouts havo commanded a fair amount ot attention, though tho asios effectod hare not been ot much account. Foster's baa maintained a steady quotation ot 10a. Gd. Edmonds's pier brand hu been sold at 10s Oil. Burko'a bal gone freely lnt» consumption at 10a. 84. Blood'a meet« with ft good doal ot favour at Oi. Od. to 10s. Balea of Maohon's pel lean brand, in champagne bottler, have boen mido at Da. Od. to 10a. Importera ot O'Brien's dagger brand bave sold pretty largely at Da. Gd., and now rofuae to quoto undor. For Byass Oi. 8d. is wantod, but the business transacted at tho price baa not been muob. Jeffroy's la quoted at 8a. 3d. to 8i. Od. ; Borta wlck'a can still bo obtained In tho markot at 7s. Od. Bagging.-Oornsocks havo mot with a tçood doal oC Inquiry, sales to a conalderablo oxtont have boen mads at ¡mr-rovta-* ratOB, and tho month cloaca very Arm at 12s. Od. for pateéis, and 12a. 8d. tor largo lines. For tho latter 12s. Od. baa also boon quoted, but wa question it many of tho largor parcels disposed ot have roallsed over 12«. Sd. The month oponoJ with tho quitt- ance of a parcel ot 100 bales light weights at Ile, Od. te 11s. Bd. Tho following: weok 60 balos full wolght roallsed 12s. did., and £0 bales wore Bald to have boon placod at 12a. Od., vrhllo 10,000 secondhand sacks vero taken up at 10s. Ino week ending 201 h instant about 800 bales altogether were quitted, bealdcB 100 balos of Oaloutta, sold to arrive, at 12«. Gd. Last week, thore was decidedly less inquiry. Two 50-balo parcels were sot rid otat 124. Sd., and ona Uno ot 20 balea sold at 12a. Od. Woolpacks, though out ot season, having mot with somo Inquiry, the price, owlrg to scarcity, went up to 4a. 8d. J sales wero mado at that rato, and 4s. Od. has sinco beon naked. Gun« nies, from 7s. to 7s. 31., bave boon BOnt up to 7a. Od., a lew parcols woro quitted at tbat figure ; lu other cues ollera at the prlco wero rofuBed,tbo holde» boing doteiminod to havo 8a. Boots and Shoes.-A eonsidorablo month's trado has bcon done, though tho weok Just olosod has not beon characterised by much activity, lmportora not boluc inclined to puBh eales in the faco of the advance of I2Í por cent, advised from home. At ono public sale bola in the beginning ot tbo month the following prlooa were obtained :- Girls' 7-1 kid elastlo brought 4a. 4d. to _. Od.; do. lasting, 3i, 8d. ; ladlos' lasting, elastlo Bides, De. to 5s, Od. ; ladles' kia Pompadour, Osborne, Prln cesB Alice, &c;, 4B. Oil. to 7B. Id. ; mon'a oolonial-mado olattlc sides, Gs. Od. to 7s. lid. por pair; men's canvas oxonlana, 40a. per dozon ; womon'B olaatlc, kangaroo tops, da. Od por doren ; women's call Alma, Ss. Bdi per pair ; cblldron's 4-0. coppor too«, la. Gd. to la. lOd. per pair; 7-0 do., 2a 7d. per pair; 1018 do , 3s. Ed. : 7-0, elastlo sides, 8s. 7d. ; 10-13, do., 4«. Od. ; colonial kip, 10}d to la. Od. por lb. ; do., damaged, 1B. OJd. per lb. ; kangaroo ruisets, Gi. 9d. por dozen : East India kip, 2s. 4d, per lb. ; colonial coll, 2s. lOjd. to 3i. Od. per lb. ; kangaroo. Is. Od. por lb. ; saddlers' basils, 7a. por dozon ; and at an oxtonslvo sale of English and colonial gooda hold later In the month, the auotioncora disposed of overy line offored at vory Batlsfaotory prices. Womon'a K.8. brought 4a. to 7B. Od.; mon'a do., 6s. Od. to Di.; girls', 10-13,8s. 3d. to 4»; do., 7-0, 8a. 8d. ; mon'a Margate slippore, Is. lid. ; women's do., le. Od. ; do canvas do., Is. 8d. ; men's do. do., 1B. lid.; do. do. oxonlana, 8s. 3d. Candles.-Previous to the mail's arrival tho markot showed evident elgnBof weakness, as it was found Im- possible to effect salos at tho extremo rates oils., atUmptcd to bo established by holders whon tho notice of an advanco In England was drat rocolvod, and though the January malls wblch loft London In Dccembor havo not Improved values, jet a hoalthlor leellng has prevailed, lnasmuoh OB bolders have boon Induced to do butlnoss nt tbo moro reaaonablo rates which havo since boen offering. Sales, however, are raoBt difficult to make, and even at the auotion mart, whore boalnosa In soinotlmoB moro oigorly pushed, only the most ttlfllrig pareóla bavo boen trot rid of by the brokers, Brandon's aro offering at llj-d, to Hid., and for Do Boubalx 11 Id. would not be rofu-od. Damap-cd parcels havo bcon Bold at lOJd. For til» Nova Company's 12Jd. Is requlrod. Comente.-Buslnoas In Fortland has not exoooded a moderato trado demand tor actual requirements ; In quirlen, howover, havo been quito equal to the supply, as shipments aa they como forward ore readily cltarod eff, and nothing has boon nllowod to bang over tho market Bott brands, suob as Wblto'a, Would hsm, &a;, havo mot with pu rebasen at woll Bustalnod ratea, 17a. 8d. to 17i>. Gd. having rulod for email lots, while IO«. Od. to 17s. Is our quotation tor large linos and entlro Bhlpmont*. Outeldo brands are quoted at 10*. for parcels, to 10s. 6d for Bmall lots. Amorlcan p'aster has nominally stood at 17s 6d., boin-; tbo prlco reallccd for tbo last shipments dlaposed of, but supplies havo not como forward very frooty, and oonsoquontly only a trifling butlnoss bas been done, Chemicals.-Wo note vory little alteration tilla montb. Soda crystals havoadvancod to £8 10a. to£i 15?. ; ovor the üratcamod figuro, however, no actual business haB tranaplrod, notwithstanding that holdors commonly ask from £0 upwards. Carbonato has boon quoted of lato at £17. Caustic soda has boon in slow aalo nt £17 10s. Flowora of sulphur attraot not the slightest attention ; wo quote £16, but little or no business has como undor our notloo. Solos of tartarlo ncld havo bcon mado public £1 10a. to £1 Hi. Orcam of tartar baa mot with purchasers at 16d. Pre- pared opium has boen Belling at 26s. Gd. to 26s.; the trado now, liowovor, seems to bo all In the hands of tho Chlnoao. Chicory has boon dull and unnoticed, and a modorato demand tor trado purposes baa barely kept tho markot nllvo. Colonial manufactured alono is saloable, wo continuo to quoto 4}d, to 4|d. Importod brands aro worth 23d. in Bond, but thore Is nothing- whatevor dclrir Coffro -The demand for this staple Is of a vory In Ignlficnnt character, as usually happons during the lummor monthp, nor havo Inquirios for export holpod In any dogrco to relievo tho provalllng dulnoea and monotony. This, however, may bo owing to tho fact hat tho prospect of early arrivals ol tho now orop has Induced traders to oporato moro sparingly than Mherwleo they might havo boen lnollnod to do. Values havo undergnno no alteration, Dost plantation Ins ruled atOVdtoOJd. Best Java has boon quoted > t FJd. to 83d.. and (or common samplos 8(1. has boon i b'nined. Nativo Go-Ion 1B BOIICO ; wo quoto 8d. Confectionery.-Thoro haB not boon much doing of nu Interesting charactor, but sales ot Keillor's assort monts have como bolero us from timo to timo at DJd. Colonial manufactured confections aro In vory good reputo Indeed, and a fair business io done at prices ranging; from 8Jd. to8Jd. Oandlod ptol, assorted, la quitted at 12Jd. Salos of jujubos havo boon mado at up to 14d. Cordage-For tho groator part of the month this market has been without chango of any dosorlptlon. Hinco I ho last mall's arrival, howovor, a threatened advance in tho price of all Manilla homp descriptions has been oatsbllBhod-£3 per ton on tho largor, and a halfpenny pcrlb. on the smaller, Borta having boon addod to former ratos. Blneo the ad vont of tho year llttlo has been done In tho raarkot of a apodal character, but tho demand, which had fallon off- largely during the holi- days, has gradually Improved Blneo. For Manilla hemp- made ropo, ono lnoh and ovor. £05 la now re- quired, and for sites undor ono lnoh8Jd. Is demanded. Bocona quality ovor ono lnoh Is still quoted at £58, ami undor ono inch at 7d. Now Zealand flax mado ropo, ono lnoh and over, Is moved off' at £43, and undor ono Inch 5d, por lb. Is accepted. Victorian made coir ropo brings £50. Now Zealand lathing Is worth £88. Russian tarrod spunyarn brings £50. russian houfolino, marllno, and whalollno, find buyors at Od. per lb Flat ropo, best quality, Victorian-made. Is quoted at tho advsncod prico of £18 to £80. Seam- ing twine« aro saleable but vory slowly, at 13d. Flab.-Tho markot has hitherto boon Inactivo, but In all likelihood will continuo to improve now for the noxt few months. Ling soils at 5d. Half- barrola white herrings have doollnoa to 28s. to 20). Firkins have Blood at 0). Od. Of lib. fresh herrings, consider- able nales havo boen latoly reported at 7s. Od. to 8). Red herrings In tins havo boon soiling at S8s. lib. Salmon nea mot with puroboaers at 12). (or American, and 12). Od. for English, brands. Sardines having talton a Budden start, oannot now bo quoted undor Ila. Od. to 12s. for halve«, and 7). for quarters ; those prices, however, deter buyors, and nothing has yot Icon dono at tho advancod rate. lib. oystora are Boil- ing at 8B., and lib. lobsters oomniand Irom 10s. Od. to 10). Dd. Fruits.-Wo rcpoit this month an oxtromety quiet maikot. Supplies laid in at ObrlBtmas have not yot bi como exhausted, and tho demand has In oonsoquonoo been unimportant Of currants, occasional sales havo been effcotod at 4}d. to 4Jd. Capo raisins are valuod at 5id to Sid. Monica llkowlso command a similar rato, while Valónelas aro saleable at Cid. Sultanas, quoted at lOd. last month, havo doollnod to 8d.,aml aro without Inquiry- Muscatels are worth Od., having varied but vory llttlo. Figs aro almost out of tba markot, we quoto 8d. Dried apples aro nominal at 6d. Flour and Grain.-Breadstuff's havo boon much do prcFscd during tho month. In Adolaldo, attompta havo been mado to croate a furoro In favour of hlgher ratcs, but In thlB lojudlclons movo tho Victorian maikot has not sympathised, and without a corre- sponding action hero, any advance In Adolaldo oan only bo of a tomporary charactor. Victoria, moroovor, will this year bo entirely Indopondont of suppllo» from South Australia, and of courso any fluctuations which occur must bo owing to local oausoa alono. Supplies of now whoat havo como forward to a vory fair oxtent lndood, but not f rooly onough to causo any veiy markod declino. In tho boglnnlng of the mortui the markot opened with Balea at 5s, 8d. to Sa. Od. for flrsî arrivals of now Vlotorlan, but rapidly tell to 6s. Id. to Os. 8d.,and towards tho oloaoot last week our quotations stood at 5B. to Sa. 2d, Flour, In Uko mannor, malntalnod a Btoady quotation ol £12 IG), to £13 for town mado, butBoveral parcels ol now oountry fleur having como forward, willoh wero sold, by auo tlon at £19 to £12 6s, bolders have of late been quoting £12 10a. to £12 lol. Business as a rule hat boen confined to supplying moro trado requirements ; but, ID addition to thal, a purchaBo ot somo 200 tons was also mado last week-a raro olrcumstanco for euch pareóle to chango hands. Our yield of broad Bluffs Is this year oxpeotod to bo oxtomlvo, and It Is generally supposed that thero will bo a largo aurplns for export ; but a very strong Impression Is ontertalnodv that a great deflclenoy In tho South Australian return,« will occur. Notwithstanding the want of anythl'ig Uko oncouragtng advices from homo, wo loam that (ho Duke of Edinburgh and City of Shanghai have 'own chartered to load whoat In Adelaldo, and tho Ijoch Tay In Holbourne, all for tbo London markot: these are amongst our latest operation«. Oats bay j been ex- ceedingly slow, and only the most trlfllr.gr sales havo boon (Booted; suppllos, moroovor, bavo been on too moderate a scalo to lnfluonco prices, '¿ho atooko held aro almost entirely In tho hand« of 'tbo trade. Good stout oats havo boen wanted of lau, for milling, and 8s, 6d. to 8s. Til. could be got for «ueh qualities ; for good feeding 8«. to 8). 8d. is requVod, but new oats of common qualities have boen -qultod at 2a. OJ. to 8s. by auction. Malta baa proportionately com mandod higher ratos In coa*,Cquenco ol the market having boen so barely ?upr,n((l; the price ha« ad- vancod to »«. for parcel« ana to ii. Id. for small lots. Tho only bulloo»*, of importance tranaaoted WMtbosale last week r,f the Florence"« cargo of 87» b,*'».,2,i,m.d,.M'i?u'J to *... ordinary terms, and a line o! 600 to 700 bags on the spot, at a similar rate. Barley has been quite neglected, inferior now feeding sorts have been sold at 2s. 9d. to 3s. Malting has been out of the market. This, however, has not been felt as an inconvenience, as brewers and maltsters have been well stocked ; we quote 4s. for a good sample. Bran . has declined, and cannot be quoted now over lOd. > Pollard is valued at Is. 8d. to la. Gd Colonial oatmeal ' has steadily rulod at £21 to £22, A shipment of Canadian was Bold publicly at £15. Poarl barley Is saleable at £20, Split peas havo boen quitted at £10. sÍ Furniture -We cannot report a very regalar market Early in the month, however, wo hid occisión to notlco a very extensive sale of English furniture, pianofortes, Iron bedsteads and ootB. Bohemian and Sevres goods, when the whole of the gooda offered was dlsoosed of at very satisfactory rates, viz 1-P.O. chiffonnières brought £18 each; loo tableB, £5 to £0 10a caen; nnrble-top wash stands, -eft, £4 12s. Gd. to £4 17«. Gd. eton; marble top waabstandB, 2ft. Oin., 87s. Gd. to £2 each ; walnut duchess tablos and washatand«, £U per pair ; ' muBlo stoolB, 22s. oaoh ; canterburies, from 28a. to 60a each; faney, chess, and ôthor tables, l8 J. to 20a. each; commodes, from 25s. to 80s. eaoh ; cane, arm, and le; rest cintra, from 18a. to 26s. eich; mahogany chair frames, 144s. por dozen ; papior maohG chairs, inlaid, .16B. each ; panier maotiO tablos, from li'. Gd. to 14a 'each ; papier macee too-trays, from Ila. Od. to 14a. 6d. per sot ; papior maobfi japanned tea-trays, from 4«. 6d. to 7s. 0d. per set; Bobfemlkn lustre*, 10a. Gd tollB'Od. each; Bohemian flower vasei, from 48<. to 72a.'por dozen ; horsehair, Is. 3Jd. por lb ; driwlog room suites, covered in rep., £1010s. co £21 permuto; Iron bedsteads, stumps, from 14-. to IO-, eaoh ; Frorioh bedsteads, 42s. to 681. each ; half teator bedsteads, 60s. fc!.-te 85B.. oabh; hilftoBtor cots, 20s, to 32a. eaoh; ' Jiangeol's cottage pianolortoa £80 to £40 each ; Bord's ?mall do., £20 to £80 each; besides a very large assort- ment of'Other similar morchandiio, tho whole of whiob realised extreme rntCB. Gunpowder.-Bloating powder has not been active lint this has boon chiefly owlnsr 'to tho want of tmppllea, and the very extreme rates ruling, which "prevented anything beyond small purchases to meet'actual wanta from being made. Stoaks appoar to haVo been allowed to run very low indoed. Halt's best blasting boa been maintained at lid. to Is. ; of Kamen, howover, whloh muBt no quoted at lid. to ll}d,1', there Is no stock In first hands. The market has likewise been pretty well cleared of outsido brands; we hear of little being offered. l \- iHopBt-The weatbor has been most favourable to an Improvement, but wo aro unable to report much aotlvlty during tho month ; prloes havo advancod, bnl that has only served to doter buyers from operating Yery frooly. New 1871 Kents woro dlopoaed of early lu" the month at 2s, 3d., but for some time past nothing under 2s. Gd. has been sold; 1870's, In like manner, rangod from la. Gd. to Is. 8d., and latterly salea have boon made at Is. lOd. Common medium qualities * are quoted 'at Is. Id. to'la. 4d. ; 1868's to 1800'a are worth 8d. to Od. ; Xas. Manían 1871 cannot bo quoted over Is. to Is. 2d for unknown brands, but a muoh higher figure is ob- tained for Shoobridge'-. Some £0 baloo of this mark ?old list week realised as high aa 1B. Ed. ; 1870 are quoted at 0d. to '10d , and old at Gd. to 8d. Bales of Bavarian have been made at prlcea rising from 4Jd. to Is 4d. . \- Malt.--Hie of special interest has boon allowed to transpire this month ; business has boen restricted and unsatisfactory. Trado parcels have been disposed of at0i.| 9B, 3d., and03 Gd.; and an occasional ship r. mont in ita entirety has be on taken up at 8s. Od., but mich sa'ea as last mentioned have seldom been effected. Iron an improvement more or less may be noted, yet the business dono has not been boyond tho avorage, and nothing of a speculative nature ha« been allowed ' or encouraged. Pig-iron baa ruled at £G lOi. for trade parcels; wo last woek, however, reported tho quit- tance of 200 tons (li311' ef which was to arrive) at £5 15?. to £5 17s. Gd. Galvanised Iron has commtnded considerable attention ; Scotch 2G gauge has readied £26; and stocks have now been almost olearod out English ordinary.braudB have beoa run up to £28 tor same Rauge, wblle boat brands have boen dlepoBod ol at £20 to £20 10s. Karly in tho month a shipment of Biaby's, 26 gaugo, was quitted by auction at £30 for «ft, £20 7s. 6d for Cit., ."1 for 7ft, £20 12*. 01. for 8ft,, and £29 for 9ft. On Tuesday, tbo 10th inst, CG cases of this brand, 20 gaugo, ox Superb and City of Shanghai, were cleared off at £20 12s. <6d. to £30 for 5ft., £23 15a. to £28 17s. Gd. for Gti" £31 17s. Gd. to £V2 2s. «d for. 7ft., £28 10s. for 8fC, and £28 for 0ft, Bar and rod iron bave boon placed to a fatr extent, and va now quoted at £12. Sheet iron has been quitted at £12 10a. for assortments of NOB. 8 to l8, while assort- ments of Noa 20 to 28 command £1110a. Plato Iron has beon moving off more freoly, at £12 10a. to £18 10s. About 200 tons sheet, plate, &o;, was disposed of laat week at very full ratcB. Hoop Iron la now saleable at tbo blghor price of £18 10i to £14 ' Fencing wire la in good request, at £15 16a, £10 l61., and £17 16s. for NOB. G, 7, and 8. Load bas boon got rid of at low ratos Pig has boon quitted at £22 lOi.; sheet 'has boen Belling at £24 10*. ; but shot ha) beoome vory Booree, and must now be quotod at £86 to £86. Tin plates havo again rlson Into notice, aud tales are making at 10 per oent. to 15 por coat, advanoo on; invoice. Munlz nioUl has boen ia demand for 8ydney, and sales havo beon made at 8}J. to Od. Bwbank'a nails havo met with purchasers at 12} per eont. oft Hat. American nails, though quotod at '¿ii., aro very dull. In American hardware wo nota bust ness In Oolllna'a and Sharpo's heavy axes at 76). Amos' shovola have been dlsposod of at 6S1. Day's D-H. -«hovels, 84In. to<36in., continuo to Und buyers at 62s ; , and othor maker»', same alzo, at 501. _ Business In fcollowaro is reported this week at 80 per cent, oil lit.' - : Olle.-Serosono, whloh at ono timo had the ODpoar atneo of Improving, baa of late Bhown quito a dlfforont ?Bpeet, the shipments advised tait mall having upsot all caloulation. For Boroe's la. 9Jd. waa quoted early in the month, and even up to about tbo mall'a arrival Is. 0}d. was obtained. Slnoo thoo, 1 howover, nothing wbatovor hoe beon done, buyers not knowing what prices to offer or sailors ito accept, Ono pared ot 1,000 easos Dovoo'a was got rid of by »notion when the mall was telegraphed at Is. Od., In bond, and on tbe samo afternoon that prlco was get for 2,000 cases moio, but no business has elnco transpired. Our stocks In bond bave now reaobod 65,000 casos, and tho arrival of the Nehemiah Gibson has since added 16,000 cases, §3fo.whilo the lUtllor and Polly Lowls, whose arrival has inSdlkowlso just beon announced, Inoroaso tho stook by 'TU,000 casos moro. Our advices from San Francisco reaoh to 12th December, and wo learn that tho Bat- tler (just arrived), tor Melbourne, bad loft with 1S.400 coses of koroBono; the Etta Lorlng (arrlvod), from Boston, bad 8 000 casos of koroaeno. The For- mosa cleared with 23,000 cosos korosene, The Alloa Dall, for Sydney and Dunedin, had 10,000 oases kero- sene engaged. The Adventuro 1B chartered on order of an English houso, with 18,000 casos of koroaeno tor Australia, Tho Magnet; Is loading at Boston for Holbourne, OaBtor oil has boon quotod uniformly at'4s 3d. Ono parcol of 400 cosos was sold at 8s. 40d. in bond, being the equivalent of our duly-paid quotation, IAnaoed duty-paid Is steady at s»; 8d., tor drums, and 89. lOd. for bulk. Colza baa not boon much doalt in ; silos, howovor, havo boon mado at 5a. Gd. for drums, and 5a. 3d. in cask. Olivo is now quotod nt the roduced figuro of Sa. 8d. for > drums, and 6 J. 4d. la wood. .Chlnoao oil has docllued to 4s. 2d., at which there 1B, howevor, not muoh doing. Polar oil is now offoring at tho roduced quotation of £34 to £86. . Oilmen's stores havo met with a good deal of atton tlon, and as atooks of old duty-paid shipments have now beoome roduced, deolorB havo boen 00-polled te como forward, and buy moro readily at tbo blghor rales necessitated by tho now duties. Invoices havo beon got rid .of privately in consequence, comprising ahlpmonts of pickles, ?toron, blue, mustard, &o;" at very full pilca* Pickles bave boen quitted at prlc03 ranging according to brand at f rum Ga. Gd., 7s Gd , and up tu 10s. and 11B. Baloa of assorted bottled fruits have been made at 0J. Od.; while black currants have beon toldat 10s. Gd. lib. jama, Victorian, realise up to Oi Gd. ; while 8s. is required tor Tasmanian. Salad oils, In quartBrhavOibeon Bold at equal to 18a., 22a, and 26*.; Ïlnts bavo boon plaeod at 0a. Od to 10a. and up to la. Gd ; bolt-pints have boen sold at 6*. Od. to Ga. and 7s. i. Castor oil, in pinta, bilut-s 7s., and batt pinta are quittod at 5s. Colman's mustard, in 71b tina, I* worth 7Jd to 7}d., but tbo prleo la getting stlffor, and 8d. Is not unfrequontly asked ; lib. tins aro quotod at 0s. Od., and half-pound tins realises 6a. lid ; Keon',) B. S. F., in lib. and half-pound tins, realise 101. aud IIB. Gd. roapootlvely. White Btarch moots a roady salo''at {gd., and bluo starch at 6Jd Thumb blue la quoted at lljd., and sago Is worth 2Jd. Marcaroni and vormlcolll are offoring at lOJd. White pepper Is nominally quotod at la. 8d.; blaok poppor li «oiling- in small lots at 7Jd. Tbe Byron's shipment from Java was offered ycBterday undor tho hammer. 3ho blaok popper WOB withdrawn at OJd, ; the nutmegJ «oro gold at Ss 8d. to 8a Cd. . "Provlatona.-This niarkot has gonorally prosontod a quiet aspoct. Colonlol- mado butter has been quitted at «¿d. to 6d. Colonial mado oheoso has boon bold at Bllqhtly better pilcos; eales havo boon mado at 5d. te 7d., according to quality. Bacon, ooloniol cured, has been selling at'84, and hams have roallsodls. Im- ported hams havo boon in slow salo at ltkl., but tbo ?took in hand la vory llmltod. ' . Qu'okillVor.-The market, previous to the mill'« arrival, showed a drooping appearance, and It was wit) dltnoulty that sales could bo mado at ovon 8s. Oi. A rally has elnco been effooted, howover, aud holders aro now very firm at up to 4i. Tho advauco In tho home markots of 20a, per bottle has contributed to this lui provement. -?Itloo.has boen exceedingly dull throughout the month. Tho bueinoas tramactod has boen unsatisfac- tory, and' not et muoh aocount. Patna ia moro " ncirlcotcd than any othor description ; ealoi aro very ^-tiifllng, and, it Is difficult to give othor tbon an ap proximate quotation. For a One asmóle, howevor, £22 la atked, and thero aro shipments in the market for which £20 would not bo refused, while Intorlor ha« , boen aold at £18. Java rico Is llkewlao without animation, and not much prospect of an early Improve mont. The only shlpmont of undreasod disposed of waa the Byron's parcol of GO tons, which last weok realised £18 10a. under the hammor. The damaged Sortlon of the Barentln's Boodhi Bajih rico, about ,080 bags, was cleared off a fortnight ago at priooe ranging from £12 7s. Gd. to £18 net, duty paid Java dressed la quoted at £22 to £2310s. Saigon drossed is worth £21, and Bangkok dressed is new saleable at £28 to £24. A Bhipmont of China rico per Onward waa offered by auction oarly in January, but the bid- ding set proving satisfactory, tho wholo hod to bo withdrawn. Our advlcoa from Calcutta reaching to 18th report the Apelles and E J. Spence aa loading for Melbourne. Our dates from Java aro up to 13th Doccmber. ' ' Slates.-Wo note a steady though vory qulot niarkot; .bout 140,000 may have been taken up during tho month, Stocks In tho hands of tho trade aro still very .largo, and though shipments are on a moderate scale, no general demand la experlonced ; on the oontrary, .muoh difficulty la felt In making sales. Vahíos, aa a \rolc, havo undergone little or no alteration ; 24 x 12 ,a e quoted at £10, 23 x 12 at £18, and 20 x 10 at £11 10a. ? Salt.-On the wholo we note a quiet market, ? and no alteration or improvement can be ro- I ?.ported since we laat wrote. A good trade de mind has boon experienced, though at unBatls .factory prises. Coarto Liverpool hu been quitted ,at £8 16a. to £3 17s. Gd. and £1. Fine Liverpool has brought SA 10»., and oxtra fino etovod has J>een sold In omall lots at £5 6s). to £510a Toward t the elote qf the month some 400 tons, recent arrivals ner Antiope, Thoophane, and Thomas Stephens, placed ¿>n the market, «ero taken up at very full priées. t Attempts have been mado to Impart a better tone to the market'by heavier purchaaes; but buyers being .-«lieoQuraged by the attitude of holdore, have been pro. Tented troja operating. \- Bogar.-An extcnalve butines» bai been done from week to woek In this staple, and prlcea have gradually ' .;adv»nced. JUatweek, stimulotod by Mauritius adrloos, , . good deal of excitement prevallod, and a general Japretslon exist« that much higher rates, especially ; for fine sugars, must rule. The ocurso ot tbo market ?luring toe month rn»y be followed ""--Too year opened out with considerable depression. Several causes combined to produce this effect-the holidays, with the numeróos arrivals In the interval, and tho gloominess which aroBS in commercial circles la cm sequence of the heavy failure-, reported as'tho year commenced ; but notwithstanding, the prices obtained at tho oponing solo of the yoar showed, tho market to possess much moro buoyancy than could havo been sxpootod nnder tho olrcumitanoos. On'Wed- nesday, the 8rd January, the cargo' of the Katu was offered for Bale, of which 3,650 bags found bnyors i at £39 16s. for whlto crystals. £37 10a. to £33 10s. for finest whlto oountors, £37 5a, to £38 for browing ! crystals, £85 10s. to £31 10). tor yellow oountors, . £33 15s. to £81 10s. for medium, and £33 to £31 5s. for low oountors. These 'prices show a slight ¡ fall, but the decline would undoubtedly havo boon I much greater had not tbo rosily superior nature of Un ¡samples and assartmonts exoltod oompstliion. On tho 6th tho Elizabeth's cargo of Mauritius,,com- prising 4,200 bags, waa offered, but from tho box tho auctioneers only Bucceoded la getting rid of 200 bags at353 ,thoughsubsequontlynumerouslinesweropIacod at the full prices demanded. Somo 525rbags Natal , sngars, ox Kato Tatham, wore llkowlsa offered, whun *good browns brought from £30 to £315s , low counter* £8116*. to £32 10s., medium £83 6) to £34, and good countora £38 5s. Fifteen hundred mats Java were j deposed of undor the hammer also; lowyollowseold a» , £2810s.,'and low to medium rations at £2116s. to £25 For 840 bsgB China sugar, ox Onward, very flao coun- ters, £87 to £87 5). waarcallsed. Sovon hundred bags ' Mauritius wero disposed of privately at £31 to £30 On TueBday the Oih the cargo of ibe .Susannah Elizabeth comprising O.SOO mata whlto Java cryetals, ¡ w*» submitted to compétition, and a portion roallsod V £40. About 3 770 bags and mata Bourbon sugar wero | at samo timo dlspoeoofof, when fine counters brought i £87 to £37 5s., yollow countora £33 5a. to £34, middling yellow oountors £32, and good browns £28. Oa Wednesday the 10th somo 8,300 bags China and J Natal descriptions, ex Onward and Tatham wero cleared off ; every big offorod was sold at and after the > salo. Browns roallBOd 28). Od. to 29). 3d ; low . oountors, 30s. to 31s, Od. ; modlum, 82). 61 to 33). ' Od ; and good to fine counters, 81s. Od. to 30). Od. Privately, sales of Mauiltlus sugar to the ox tont of 1,600 to 2,000 bags wore montlonod, chieflv browing grainy yellow crystals, at up to £38. A small lot of damaged was disposed of on Thursday the 11th at £81 10s. to £37 15s. On Tuesday, tho lO-.h, the cargo of Natal sugars por St. Elida, comprising 8 SOO packages, waa submltlod to pub!lo competition, and tho greater part was olearod off, at 24s. for low rations, for good rations £20 10s. to £27 6a. ; for browns, £3016), to £8115s. ; for middling yollow countora, £33; for good yollow counters, £34 5). to £85 10s, ; and for middling whlto counters, £30 15s. to £88 10s. On the 19th, the cargo of the Lorton Vale was offered tor salo, when about 8,000 bags and pockets were sold. Middling yoUowi realised £34 ; good yellow oountors, £85 10s. ; fino yellow countorB, £80 5s. ; low to middling white sold at £38 lOfl' to £39 10s. ; whlto crystals roaltsed £40 The Maggie Leallo arrived on the 10th from Mauritius. Bor dates reached to 9th Dooombor. On Monday, tbo 22nd, wo roportod tho quittance pri- vately of £2,500 bags Mauritius (2.000 ot which wero In one line) at 86). to 87a Gd. for brewing yollows to 40s. for white crystals. 1,080 mats Chinóse sugar, ox Canadienne, woro quitted at £26 6s. for low browns to £80 for medium. Of Mauritius, come 800 bags good whites woro on Tuesday sold at up to £10, and a con- siderable line of Ohina sugar was also stateB to havo changed hands. Under the hammer 6,900 mata fine Java white cryetals, ex Susannah Elizabeth, wore taken up In ono line at £40. 3,000 bags,and mata Bourbon sugar, and 990 bags and mata Natal sugar ex St. Kt'd*, Jlkowirjo found buyors Good white crystals brought £88 ; middling, £8815s. to £37 ; yollow counters, £33 to £34 ; low, £32 10s ; browns, £80 Bl. to £31 6i; low browns, £28 10s; good rations, £26 to £27; low rallona, £24 to £25 1080 mata Ohina aui*r wero qutttod at £25 6j. On Wodnosday, the 24th, 8U0 bags Mauritius woro sold prlvatoly at 85s 6d. to 88). Od., besides 700 mats Ohinose BUgar at 31s 6d. On tbo foronoon of the same day, about 6 000 bags Mauritius descriptions wera offered undor th>; hammer, but buyers not belog dlspoBod to give Bellera' limit, the whole bad to be withdrawn. Alter wai ds some lines woro got rid of privately. On tho 25th an improved dem>nd waa experienced, and advanced ratos wero realised at auction as well na privately. Batos were freely made of Mauritius at prices ranging from £84 for low yellows to £38 for finest yollow orystals. A Uno of 1.000 mats One white Java crystal was plaeed at £4110s. Undor the hammer, 1 500 mats Ohina sugar, all moro or loss damaged, wero quitted at tram 20s. to 34s The Byron's oargo ot Eastern produoo was submitted to oomootltlon, when 8,814 mats Java sugars wore oloarod off at £87 10s to £38 for Uno counters, £39 to £40 for good whites, and £40 10=. for fino whites. One thousand five hundred and slxty-sovon mats and bogs Mauritius sugar ex Lol ton Vaia were sold, a'l faults, at prices ranging from £28 10s. to £89 5J. not oaah. Oa lion day the 20th, the balance of tho Uaggio Leslie's cargo amounting to 6 000 bags, was offorod far salo, but the bidding not reaching lmportors' limits, tbo whole had lo bo withdrawn. By tbo Alexandra, whian, arrived f rcm Mauritius last wcok, our ndvlcos from Port Louis by circular roach to 16th and by letter to 10th Docembor, a most satisfactory fooling was coated In the markot by tho advices then to band. The Farana, oat noarly a fortnight longer, carno in on tho 27th. Yesterday a good deni of excltoment prevailed. The Sea Rlpplo arrived from Mauritius at Adelaide with datos to 28rd Dooombor, reporting the proba- bility of a furthor advanco of 30s. In consoquonco of English advices then to hand. Sales, privately, of 1,200 bags Mauritius woro reported, at £37 for good to £80 tor Uno yellow crystals. By auotlon, 3.000 mats Java crystals, " slightly sweated," ex Susannah Elizabeth, woro quilted at the oxtromo figures of £10 10) to £40 15s. One thousand and forty mats Ohina sugar offered at samo timo wero sold, all faults, at £28 5). to £80 por ton. Toa-Alter the departure of tho lost mall ateamor, tbo market contlnuod to ahow the Bnmo appearance of languor and hoavlnoss which has been a characteristic for many months past. Business oponed out for the month with a trilling Inquiry tor export, which tod to tho disposal of small parcels ot common to good, oom mon and m xod leaf klndB at quotations. The damaged portion of tho Bono BUlpmont, consisting of 707 paos, ages, was eold ou the 4th January, but only middling prices woro realised. On tho 9th, tho damaged portion of tho fanoy toas por Gustav Adolphe was quitted under tbohammer, wbon scented orange pekoos brought up to 2s. id., and gunpowder up to 2). 8}d. By tho arrival of tho mall Btoamer on tho 19th ult. wo woro placed in BossosBlon ot advices from Hong Kong to 13th Decora or and from Fooohow to 5th Decombor. Another oargo was preparing tor Australia, and tho ontlro shipments for tho season amounted to 6,766,9301b., agalnet 4,482,2841b. tho samo period tho year boforo. It was fully anticipated that the closo of tho soasan ia China, as thus advised, might havo tho effoot of reviving confidenco hero and stimulating our markot; but tbo utmost deadnosa has continued to hang ovor us, and fears are now oxprossod that a long period must elapso before any notlcoablo improvement can tako placo. On tho 23rd, soon after tho mall's arrival, tho strength "and tondoncy ot tho market waa tested by tho offer publicly of the Hannah Nicholson's cargo of congous, as also the fancy toas ox Gustav Adolphe, but tbo attempt to sell proved futile, as the whole bad to bo withdrawn, and tbo business done since has boen unimportant, sales being limited to oxooutlngsmall orders and mootlngaotual requirements, Our quotation) aro:-Dust and sittings, 7d. to 8d.; brokon Foo- chow, 8d. to lOJd. ; ordinary to good, Old. to lid. ; mlxod leaf klndB, Is. OJd.to 1». 2Jd.; do., with little flavour, Is. 8jd. to Is. 4d.; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 3d. to Is. 6d.; do. strong, Is. Od. to Is. (JJd.; do. strong fla\oury, Is. 7d. to Is. 8d.; kalsow kinds, strong, Is. 8d. tola 10d.; pekoo souchong and pekoo flavour, la. lOd. to 2s.; Uno rich pekoo, Bouchong flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s, 2d.; do., vory Uno do., 2s. 2}d. to 2s. 8a.; souohong, common, Is. to Is. 2d.; do., middling to fino, Is. 3d. to Is. 0d,; orango pokoo, scented ordinary and broken, Is. 3d. to Is. 4d.; do., good to fino. Is 8d. to Is. lid.; caper, econted common to middling, 1B. Id. to Is. 4id.; do., middling to fine, 1B. 7d. to Is. 8d ; young hyson, common. Is. Id. to Is. 3d.; do., good to fine, Is. Od. to 1B. lld.;'do., finest, none; gunpowder, Can- ton, good to fino, la. Id. to Is. 11Jd. Abovo quotation.! aro at por lb. In bond (or chosts (coxes being worth Sd.porlb. moro)." limber.-A steady buelno'B has boen transacted In this market, but in consequonco of outside circuía stances, over which no control could be exercleed, tbo Improve mont wbloh la certain to come, and canaot bo far off, bas not yet boon oxperlancod. Tho month's trade baa not been of an oxtonelvo character, but on thowholo liny bo oonsldored Batiafaotory. On Wed- nesday, tbo 3rd lnat., the eales embraced 284,877ft. Californian red pine, disposed ot at £11 to £12 6s.; 60,000 42ft. laths roalleod 86s. 3d. por 1000 ,* and 50 DOO .aft wore quitted at 251. Od. On tho 5th oonsldorablo parcols of varlouB sorts woro offorod, tho greater bart, however, had to bo withdrawn, though In ono Instance 240,000ft, red and whlto Scotch T. and G. ¡boring, lining, and weatherboards brought Gs.> Dd. to 10s. 3d. por. 100ft On Tues- day, the 8th,\¿000 red doak), ox Duke of Edinburgh, Lady Jocelyn,and Wimmera, woro qulttod,4Jd. to -iel. nor foot of 9 x 3 ; ex Asia, 200,0001t. Sootcb flooring, lining, and weatherboards realised 6s.fid.to O', per lOOIt llnoal ; palin ES, Cit., ox Boa Bird, Annie Beaton, Lucy and Adolaldo, and Trador, brought 10). OJ. to 12s. per 100 ; ox Dove, cargo ot hardwood sold at 8s. to 8s. Sd. por lOOIt. super. On tho 12th, ox Suporb, 1,700 9x8 red deals, DDD brand, wero plaued at 4Id.to 4 jjd. Ex City of Shanghai, 800 0 x 3, 9 x 4 do., brought 4(1. 5 lOths. Ex Oity of Forth, Duoroz brand, 2 781 9 x 8, 9 x 4,11 x 3,11 x 4 red dosis sold at 4d. 5-16ths to 4d. 18-10ths per foot of 9 x 8 In tho boglnnlng of the wook ending 20ih Inst the markot avinced woak- ! neiB, and tho sales effected thon showed n dooline. Tho clrcumstanco, how over, bocamo explained by tho fact of most if not all of tho shipments coming forward -having arrived nearly togathor, thus unfavourably Influencing for the time a markotwhlch Is bound event- ually to Improve, as tho eo aeon's shlpmonts aro BO very far below what thoy woro In formor yoars. At tho oloao of tho week a much bottor fooling was Imparted by tho quittance prlvatoly of tho entire oargo of the Arracan, consisting ot 20,800 pieces, just beforo It was to havo boen sold by auction. The cargo waa placad in ono, Uno, and an advance on previous Balos waa realised. On Tuesday, tho 10th, tho Balos embraced 16,000 red doals, ex Asia, Stonehouso, and Oity ol Perth, whloh wero cleared out at 41d. to 4d. l8 lOths per foot of 9 x 8 for 11 x 4,11 x 8, 0 x 8,7 x 8, and 7 x 2J. 860,000ft. white Scotch flooring, ox Loch Tay and Asia, and woatbor boards, also met with purchosors at from 5s. ed. to 10). On the 19th also thoro were sold, ex Tbeophane, all faults, 100.000ft 0 x lid. red and white T. and O. flooring, at 0s. Od. to lus. 8d. per 100ÍU llnoal ; 0 x 2 red and whlto do., 8s. Od. do.; Ox} white beaded do., 6) Od. do ; 0 x 1 whlto plain T. and G,, 0). do.; 4-out whlto weatherboards, 6s. Gd. to 6s. Od. do. On Tues- day, tho 23rd, there wore aold, ex Duke of Edinburgh and Theophano, 2,847 spruce deal«, li x 8, whloh realised 4Jd. to 4 516tha per foot 0x3. Tobacco.-Owing to tho holidays, tho year opened willi a very poor prospect for this market; as tho month progrosBod, howovor, a slight sppearance of Im- provement was perceptible, though the stiffness of holders caused huyera to be satisfied with a hand-to mouth trade rather than operate largely. This im- provement was maintained in the face ot heavy ship, monts being advised Irom home. Towards tho closo of tbo month a disposition to prosa business was evinced, and as sure as this occurs eo surely wUI prices recede, and lowor rates must rule. On Monday, tho 8th Inst., a largo publio salo came off, and. considering tho qualities of the description« offered, the prices ob talncd were vory satisfactory. Some 264 paokagea wero disposed of Nino-inch bright twist brought 1«. 2d. to la. 2jd. Navy pounds realised lOd., mahogany fours 1«., pocket pieces Is. Id. te la 21 d.; dark halt-1 Sounds sold at OH to 10sd., and low tens at Sid. be only publio «ale held In the week ondlng 20th January came off on tho 10th, when every line of the I 200" package« o fluted wa« cleared oft nt very satisfactory i figures. Twlit brought 1*. SJ J., tens Bid. to Sid., fours Is. ljd , fives li. sjd., sixes 1«. 2Jd., tens 1«., pieces 1«. 2d. io la. 8Jd. Dall-pound i la. IJd., bara la, 31. Fanlty twist sold at 1«. 2Jd., and ten« at 8Jd. Our date« from California reach to 12tb December. Ina thlpmenti advltetl dil est are 100 packago* par Battler, and 200 per Formosa, VIA England, we observe that 247,8801b. are roported as coming forward. On Wednesday, the 24th, some 680 packages various , descriptions were offered for sale undor tho hammer, bul all that could be dono was to get rid of some 83 paokagcB ; the rost hod to be withdrawn, owing to tho bidding proving so very dlscouraglnsr 'and so much below sellera limits. FockotpleceS cold at la. Bid., fives at Is. Sid., long tens at 1B 2Jd. ; aromatio twist, faulty, was quitted at IB. Id., toura at 10Jd" half-pounds at 10d" and nocketpieceB at le. 3d, Our trade quotations aro -low medium tena bring 8d. to lOd. ; good. lid. to Is. ; j fine, Is. 8d. tola. 4d. ; half-pounds, medium, lOd. to < Is. ; Rood, lo. to 14d. ; and bout, Is. 4d. to Is Gd. ;, 'twist, medium, no stock ; St. Andrew, la. Sid. to Is 4d. ; »avon, le. 4Jd. to 1B. 6d ; Navy, dark, Is. to 15d ; | bright, 15}d. to 10d. ; fancies, la. Gd. to Is. Od. ;, aromatic, bolt-pounds and pounds, la. 3d. to Is, Gd. ; I Ormond Swiss cigars are selling at Sûr. Gd. to 37s. Gd. ; ] Manilla cheroots, 60s. ; Manllla-Bavannah, 02s 6d to ; 65s. ; German cigars, 35a. to 60s ; Hamburg- mide, ? 56;. to 120s. ; gonulne Eovonuoh, £10 to £30. ' I WlneB and Spirits.-In wines builness has boen i extremely quiet Indeed. Stocks lu the hands ot the ¡ trade are still ampio tor requirements, and tbero Is, consequently, very little Inquiry. No public Bales of importance bave como before us during tbo month, j In trade parcela Bhorrlea havo boon quitted at prices rhlng from £20 to £80, £85, £40. £00, and up to £120 ; whilo ports havo found buyeta lu equally trifling lines at £18 for low to £24, £32, £10, £56, and up to £00, according te quality. In champagnes there boj been ( nothing doing owing to tho paucity of supplies. Brandies hnve been by no means active, and uale«s what has come to us through tbo auction-rooms little has transpired i In tho way of Saldi. On tho 12th January, a largo auotlon sale of Honnessy's, Mortoll'a, and Bkqult Duboucho's, and other brands was hold, with the following result:-Tho Honnessy's and Mar toll's offered had to ba withdrawn, but lGShhda. and quartor-caaks, dark and pole, of tho cheaper brandi, woro quitted at 4a. 6di to 5j. 4}d ; tho latter figure was obtained for Bli quit Duboucho's. Beat brands have maintained a mere nominal quotation, and the advance established last month has beon barely supported. Hennery's has stood at Ga. Od. to 7B. for palo ; Martoll's pale bas been quoted at Ga. Cd. to 6s. 0d,, while lost weok equal to SOhbds. dark Martoll's, which has been of lato held for 6a. Od. to 7s., ,was placed at 03. 7}d. O V.P. bas ruled at OB.' Gd. Otard's has been firmly hold for 0a. lid. to Ga. 8d. Vinegrowera' ia valued at 6a 01. For Jules Robin and Co.'s a similor figure la asked. For Marett's, Renault's, Castlllon, we now quoto Sa. Gd. Associated Vineyards la saleablo at 6i. 4Jd., and Olozeou's brings 6s. 3d. B. Frere'a and Central Vtnoy ords are worth it 6 J. Cairn brandies have declined in value rather than tho rovorso, for after touching 26s. the price reooded again, and tnlcB of late hove been made at 25a. Gd. and 25a 7Jd. Martoll'a has not altered ; we quote 23s ti.V.P. is worth 22s. 6d" and Otard's has boon moved off at a like figuro; for othor brands prices range from 18a. to 21s. Geneva has not boen active, and since tho beginning of the month, when largor linea than usual were got rid of, values on the whole hove not much changed. At auction on tho Oth 1,850 cases JDKZ wore Bold at 11«. IJd. to 11s. Gd., and this transaction was Immediately followed by the sale, privatoly, in one line, of 8,COO eases same brand, on privato terms. We continue to quoto Ile. Cd. V. B. and Co. is worth 11s.; Key, 10s. Od. to 11B. ; and outside brands 10s. Gd. Bum, 10 per cent, o p., is moving slowly at 8'. led. to 8s. 3d. Wbiskoy is also difficult to quita*. 8B. Gd. to 4s., and up to 5s,, according to brand. Sir B. Burnett's old tem; In gloss-stopper bottles, 1B worth 12s. Gd. to 18a. . > MELBOURNE WOOL MARKET. lioBsrB. R. GOLDsnitouuii and Co. report :-" Wod. -The auotlon solea hold during tho month have been well attended by buyors, and a largo buslnoBs has bjon transacted, nearly 17,000 balos having been Bold out of 24 444 halos catalogued. The total quantity offered tinco thoBOoson commenced is 105,701 bales, and about 80,000 balos, representing an approximate value of probably £1,600,000 sterling, have boen sold. These figures are not likely to bo materially alterod, as the season ia now virtually over; the four or five eales which will probably bo hold before It Anally teimlnotes being likely to be compito tlvely unimportant, and chiefly confined to northern clips which have been delayod in transit. The com petition has been very spirited throughout the month, and prlcea have boen firmly 'maintained. The advices from the English market, which reached hore on the 10th ull., novo general satisfaction, and buyers aro beginning to look forward hopefully for tho roaultof their purchases. From tho favourable aspect of tbo trado thero fecmn no reason to doubt that the higb rates which have been ruling at the November and December series of sales In London will bo fully sustained for some time to como, so many tn fluoncoB being at work which must obviously tend to keep prices firm. There ia tbo diminished production of these colonies and South Amorics, a lessened ylotd in Great Btitain and the United Btotes, also a large decrease In tbo yield of cotton In the latter country ; whilst, on the other hand, consumption ia increasing at »rapid roto, tbo demand for gooda being alm,st unprecedented. Wo are ndvlsod that numbers of manulacturers In the North of England have ordors In hand which will reqniro several months to exe- cute, and tboy must necessarily buy largely to meet immediate requirement«,, Stocks of the raw material in London, and indeed throughout England, nero, at date of our latest &dvleos;,"tho smallest known tor yea.ro post ; and tho entire quantity of wool likely to bo f >r ward In timo for the February Borles of Bales would, no doubt, bo quickly taken Into consumption at firm rates. Altogothor, wo can scarcely recollect a time when the trade looked so prosperous, and, judging by tbo many ifrvourablo circumstances which aro now operation for Ita advantago, a maintenance of proaont nigh ratos can be looked for with confidence.- Tboro is, of course, always to be taken into consldoratfon tho probability of political complications, which would, doubtless, exercise a prejudicial influence ; but, so far as we can at present f oreseo, thero is no roason to expect any rupturo In the amicable relations which appear to prevail throughout Europe Wo havo not up to this dato been able to form a close estimate of tbe dod doney which la likely to be showu In the export of wool from theso colonloB this ecoBon, but we havo no doubt that a largo decrease will be manliest when tbe ship- ments aro completed. Tho unusually wet wootber which has prevailed for tho post two winters his oporoted unfavourably on tho health of tho stock In some of tho up-country districts, and the mortality amongst the old* and weak Bheep bos boon above the average. The clip of wool has thus boen lessened, and many lots which havo como under our notice show a decrease of from 6 to 10 per cent on last year's yiold, from this couso alone. Tbo yield of wool from ino Eiverlno districts ia also loss than usual, but tblslB In a great measure attributable to the dif- ference In tho growth caused by the lato shearing of last season and the eorly clip of this season. Thus many of the Hooks have only 10 or 11 months' growth of wool, whilst In the provlous clip from 13 to 11 months' yiold waa shorn. This will necessarily causo a 'deficiency, although the fine soason has prevented its being BO obvious as it otherwise would have beon, tho shoep havlng.had abundant feed throughout tho yoor, which has of course stimulated tho growth ot their fleeces. Wo leam that copious rains hove fallen ovor a large aroa of the Northern districts, also on tbo Wimmera, and thora is ovoiy indication of another fine season. Should tho present favourable weather continue, the next clip will, no doubt, bo tho beat we hove bod for several yoara so lor as rogarda quality, tho atations being, generally stocked wltb healthy young sheep. Prlcea Current.-Groasy-Inforlor, 8d. to Did.; ordi- nary to averBgo, lOd. to lid; good to superior, 11 Jd. to 1B. 2d. Fleoco-Inferior, Is. 2d. to Is 3d. ; ordinary to avorage. Is. 4d. to li. 0d,; average to 'good, la. J J. tola. 10d.; superior,'Is. lid.to 2a. 2d. Scouron Inforlor, la. 2d. to Is. éd.; ordinary, Is. fid. to la. 7.1 ; middling to good, la. 8d. to 1B. 10d.; superior, Is lid. to 2a 2d Sheepskins.-During tho month our usualauctlon enies havo been well attended, and wo havo disposed of a largo quantity of both station-dried and town slaughtered eklns. Prices havo boon very regular, n we quote as follows :-Pelts, from 61. to 2s. Gd. each ; full-woolled sklnB, from 2s. Gd. to 6'. each ; and dry skins, from ia. to 8d. par pound Hides.-Tlio market has boen well supplied, and all offering h ive boen readily taken for local consumption at good prices. Wo havo Bold ox hides from 20s. to 201. oa b ; cow hides from 12s. to l8), eaoh, and wot salted fron 4d. to 6(1. por lb. OaH_lnsaioworthfrom6d.toOJd.por lb Tallow.-Our weekly eales havo passed off with groat spirit, and during the month wo havo Bold 1,456 oo-ka of all descriptions. Prlcos remain tory firm, and have been gradually improving since our lost report. Wo havo sold good mutton from £86 to £30 per ton ; boot, from £32 to £84 per ton ; nilxod from £33 to £34 nor ton ; and Inferior from £28 to £81 per too. Kangaroo skins are not,BO muoh inquired for aa they were, and wo havo to report a decided de- cline In value"; Extra largo sizes aro worth up te 34a. per dozen; lard o,; from 20a. to 80s; medium to largo, 10s. to 20B j'dnd small to medium from 8s. to 8s. per dozen." ,- i ----- % > EciiMART OF WOOL SAISS KSPORTBD DUHIKO TUB ,. MONTH. , . , ¿3.1.... I «»1 - I MA1UO 3alos- Offered.' Bold., Bales Bales B. Goldsbrough and Co. Tho London and Australian Agenoy Corporation (LI mlted) . H. Cuningham and Co. O. J. Dennys and Co. George Synnot ., Gutbrlo, Bullook, and ¡Co.- ., Buckland and Burnett .' ,,, Total .. '. 1. v :, 12,600 1,731 6,234 2.1S4 1,436 . 03$ 618 0.02J 1,125 8 720 1,502 018 800 80J 24,444 TOTAL SALKS BIXCK COMMENCEMENT OF SEASON, Ociouiiit, 1, TO DATF. *>.«? ora. sow Bales Bale) It. Goldsbrough and Co. ~ Tbe London and Australian Agency Corporatlon.Llmited H. Cuningham and Co. -. O. J. Dennys and Co.. George Synnot Gutbrie, Bullock, and Co. .. Buokland and Bumolt ." 68,680 7 840 20.761 8,850 6,863 2,083 1702 44,766 6.836 16,410 6,853 3,602 2,151 1,003 Total .. .. _| 80 1105.7011 70.613 Messrs. HASTINGS CUNINGHAM and Co.'s monthly re- port, season 1871-72:-" Wool.-Thoro has boen a groit deal of business done in this market during tho month at pricoa maintaining tbo ratea ruling at time ol departure of last malL Ton publlo solos hove beon hold in Melbourne, at whloh 10,672 bales woro catalogued, and 18,868 bales found purohasors. Greasy wools barely sustained the pricoa paid at former sales ; but on the whole the ratea realised hove'* been satisfactory, and we think those f-Towors who took tho opportunity of realising In . tbo colony In preforenco to shipping for the London morket will havo no causo to rcgrot having done co. Scoured and fleece wools have beon in good demand, and have commanded full prices. Tho quantity of wool sold in Molbourno this season Is unprecedented, and up to date la 41,000 balos in exceas of what was sold laat year. The season 1B almost brought to a close, and the lots sent In for sole will be confined to remnants of clips already disposed ot, farmer-,' consignments, and fellmongers' parcels of scoured. Freights aro obtainable at 0£d. per lb. for washed and OJd. for greasy. Quotations of the prices obtained at tbo Balea ore-For greasy, from 8d. to 16d ; sooured from 16d to 25d.; fleece, from lOd. to 20d. per lb. the lottor price being obtained by us for 06 bales the portion of aclfpf rom the Western dlatrlot of Victoria. The shipments since our last report are as follow :-- For London from Hobson's Bay-- Pontiac, 3,030 bales, cleated January i ; Merwan]ee Framjee, 4,880 bales, cleaied January 8 ; Aviemore, {¡,037 bales, cleared January l8; Clarence. 8.349 bales, cleared January 19; Enrjnomo, 2,308 balos, cloared January 24 ; Trowbridge, 4,626 bales, cleared January 25 ; Somer- setshire, 2,083 bales, cleared January 27; Maori, 2 008 bales, cleared January 29. Total. 28,850 baloi. | Previous shipments, 121,717 'balos ; total shipments for London, 168,667 bales. For the United Statoi: Delta, Boston,, 1,027 bales, cleared 5th January; previous shipdionts, 7,409 bales- total,' 8,400 bales; previous ihlpments to New York, 6 045 ba'oi; No braesa, Ban Francisco, 248 bales ; previous shipmonts, 1,161 belts-total, 1,400 bilos. Total Bhlpmonts fir the Unltod 8ta>es, 15 950 bales. Total shipment« from 1st October, 1871, to 29ih January, 187?, 169,617 balos ; corrwpondlng period 1870 71, 153 648 bslo; do 1S6Ö-7U, 150 749 baleB; do. 1858 60. 170,-i7l baloa *, do 1867 C8, 120,610 balos; do. 1S08-67, 116 737 balos; Probable quautitlos t» bo taken by tho following fihlpi,:-Wimmera. 3,500 bales ; Lady Jocelyn,'4 80O bnlo»; Suffolk, 2 700 balos The City of Perth, Asia, Agamemnon, Superb, und City of Sparta ara about to load. TheLorton Vale is on tho borth tar the U.8 , and will toko about 1,600 bales for BoBton and Now York SheopBklns.-Tbero has boen a fair demand daring tbo monih, and the prices obtained aro about equal to last lionthV quotations. Butchers' green skins brought' from 8) to 5s. each ; pelta, from 93. to 27d. each ; dry station skins from Od, to 8 -TlVe have disposed ot a largo quantity to the looal trado at firm prices. Heavy weights brought.from 22s to 80s. oaeh; light weights, fiom 16s to 21). each; and from 4Jd to 5jd. por lb. Calfskins sold at trom 6d. to 6Jd. por lb. Thoro aro no Bhlpmonts to ad- vise.. Tallow.-Thero Is llttlo alteration to roport In this markot. Our solos have boen woll attendod br buyers, and wo have sold 415 pipos at last month's quotations. Freights havo deoltnod a little, and can be obtained at 753, por ton. Wo obtained from £84 10s. to £3515s per ton for good mutton, from £32 to £84 per ton for beet, and from £28 10a. to £83 per ton tor mixed. The Bhlpmonts amount to' 4 091 casks. Kangaroo Skins.-During the month wo havo Bold 250 dozen at from 3). Od. to 80s. per dozen, ac- cording to sizo and condition " THE LOMION AND AUSTRAIUN AQENOT Coitroiunot LiMiTED roport :-" Wool.-The transactions of tho past month Indicate that the season of 1871-72 Is nearly terminated, and we consider prices have ruledhlghly saliifaatoilly to growers, and have resulted In greatly encouraglngall parties interested In pastoral pursuits. An obsorvablo feature In tho trado has beon thoopara tiona of the American buyors, who havo purohttiod to tho oxtent of about 16,550 balos, of which 16,603 balos have beon shipped for the Unltod Statos direct. This competition has had the natural result ot hardening prices, and occasioned Balos ' of cllpB In the Molbonrno market which pre- viously bave boon shipped to London on owners' ac- count. This, combined with tho anticipated docroase of produotion, estimatod at Irom 8.000 to 10,000 bales, will probably havo the effect of maintaining prciont values of our staple in the London and continental markots. Meat-preserving, though scarcely sup ported by the various interests most concerned with the vigour ao Important an industry demanda, has to some, extent received a fresh Impetus from the favourable news to hand by, the last English mail of the lnoreasod demand la tho home markets for our preeorvod meats ; and should operations be further extended, as may bo anticipated, nn increaso in tho production of wool cannot bo ex- pected. Our prospects for tho next season are en- couraging, as, with the seasonable ralna/ftho country now presenta the appBaranco of spring, rather than midsummer. During the patt months 10 salos havo been held in this markot, at wblch 19.670 wero offered, and 18.868 bates dlspoaod ol, and at Geelong about 8,110 bales bavo been Bold, and tho arrival ot the English mall, por B.SI.B. Bangalore, on the 18th ult, with favourablo news of the London market caused further firmnoss in quotations. Our clearances are not suffi- ciently forward to enablo us to stato the total quantity of tho olip, but wo scarcely expect to attain moro than an average standard of production. Freights-Greasy id.. waehed and scoured {¡d. per lb. Rate ot Exchango -The banks quote : CO days'eight buying rato, J dis- count ; 30 dayB' Bight buying rate, par ; CO days' sight selling rato, } premium; 30 days' sight selling rato, 1} premium. Wo give tho following quotations:-Greasy Inferior. Od. to 7}d. per Ib.; mcdlum,'7id. to lOd. do.; good,10jd.tol2Jd.do.;auperbr,12id.tol4id.do. SU JO \- Inferior, Od. to 8d. per lb ; medium, 8d. to lid. do ; good, lid. to 14:1. do. ; superior,' I4d. to 17d. do. Scoured-Inferior, lOd. to 13d, per lb.; modlum, Hd. * to ISd. do. ; good, 18d. to 2IJd. do. ; tuperior, 21Jd. to 26d. do. Fleece-Intorlor, 14d. to l61, per lb. ; medium, lCd. to 191. do ; good, lOd. to 22Jd. do.; euporior, 22Jd to 27d. do. Stations. -Since our last report the value of stations and freeholds has considerably Increased, consequent on tbo unprecedented abundanco and choapnoss of money, and the confidence felt in tbo stability of the prices now obtainablo for wools and all other station produco, and although Investors aro numer- ous, owners of dcslrablo properties retaso to EOII except at high prices. During tbo current month (January) four euporior stations in Klverlna and flva Victorian pastoral freeholds have beon so'd at highly sathfaotory prices, and thoie havo passed inti tbo handa of capitalists, and aro not likely to bo again la the maikot. Wo thall offer (or Bale to-day Narraport Station, ono of tbe most valuable fattening runs situato In tbe Wimn era district, with 16 000 sheop ; also, the Deighton East Station in the Gipps Land district, and immediately afterwards, the Big River Station, In tho Benalla dlstriot. Sheepsklus.-The supply has been modorato and tho competition good Green skins realise from 3). Sd. to 6i 41. each ; pelts, Od. to 2s. 4d. ; dry station skins from 41. to 7Jd. per lb. Hidos.-Tho market has been woll supplied, and prices remain stoady. Green ox hides Bell from 22s. to 80s ; cow hides, from 15s to 21). cash ; wetualted, 4Jü. to OJL ; »It Bklns, 5Jd. to Old. por lb. Tallow.- A. fair quantity has been offered, and prices have ru'od steady We quote-Mutton, from £3410 £85 15s ; mixed, £32 to £34 5).; and beof, £81 to £8316s. The shipments of the month amount' to 4,002 catke, 29 pipos, and 124 tins. Freight, 76s. por ton." _>_ REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. As anticipated in our report at closo of last year, tho stock and illaro markot for 1872 opened with a firm tone and considerable activity, and although builnoss was somewhat interfered with by the extromely hot wea- ther cxperlonceddurlng a portion of tho month.transac. lions have on the wholo boon to a largo extent, and some considerable advances in value established. In- vestment stocks generally havo boon in abort supply. Debentures havo boen taken up readily as offered, at full rates. Bank shares all show an advance la value during tho month, and close firm. Gas companlos' shares extremely Bcarco, and higher prices paid tor tho few parcels offered. Insurance companies' shares bavo had but llttlo business With the excoptlon of Mclbourno Moat-presorvirg Company's shares, t>ioro have boon 'no transactions In miscellaneous a'ockn. Mining Bharos havo had an nc'.ive market, the largo total of dividends for tho past year, which were In excess of genoral expectation, giving Increased confidenco'to investors. It Is noticeable that, with few excoptlone, transactions have boon In divi- dend-paying mines, or at least in thoao which bavo pretty well assured prospects. Calls in tho nurao rou) progressive companies continue on a Isrge scalo, quito too large, indeed, for tho public to suppottt, and many will probably sink into aboyanco, and lio dor- mant for a time. During tho month tho genoral half yearly rrreotlngo ot tho Land Mortgage Bank of Vic- toria, tho Molbourno Gas Company, and tho Colling- wood and Flterfy Gas Company, havo been hold, and particulars ol tbo financial étalements submitted will be found in another column. The Land Mortgage do dared dividend at rate of 10 por cont., tbo Molbourno Gas at rato ol 8 por cont, and the Collingwood and Fitzroy at rato of 10 per cent, and bonus of li. por share. Tho report and financial Btatomost ot the Southern Inturtncc Company has been Issued, end (hoars a continuance ot vory heavy losses. Some modification of thorcompany'a business will prohab y bo proposed at tho balf-yoarly mooting Tho Austral- asian Inturence Company's report states that the buti- nées of last year was ot a satisfactory character, not Vtithatnndlog recent heavy losses. Tho haf yearly report and financial statement of ti o Commercial Bank of Australia shows a con- siderable improvement, tho profits being nearly doubla thofo uf tho previous half year, the deposit! and noto circulation largoly lnoroascd, a corresponding augumontntlon in bills rojeivablo and othor advances, and an incrcaio in tho amount of coln and bullion hold by tho bank ; a dividend at tho rate of 6 per eout. Is proposed by the directors, leaving a eood balance to carry forward. It has boon notified that Mr F. Q. Smith, formerly of the Bank ol Australasia, has been appointed to the National Bank of Australasia, and a special meeting of tho National has been called at the initance of a section of the shareholders, who wish to review the action of tho board ot diroatow In dlsmiising tho late manager, Mr. E. M. You-g. Mr. Greenlaw, fotmorly accountant, and lately not- ing manager, has been appolntod manager if tho Colonial Bank of Australasia. Tho approaching completion of through telegraphic communication with England has alvon risa to the anticipation that soma of our leading mining companlos will bo dealt In on the London markot so soon as English Investors are ia n fiosltion by means of cable messages to obtain prompt nformatlon concerning tholr ventures. Already by the prciont mall stops aro being taken to placo ou tho Loudon market tho valuable quartz mining properly at Fryerstown, OaBtlemalno, known as Bowe Bro thors' claim, It has paid largo dividends to Its original proprietors,/ and judging from the surveyor's reports, somo particulars of which will be found in anothor column, promisor, to bo a highly payable mino for many yoars to como. Tho mining dlvldords deo'arod during tbe month amount to £01,847, as particularised below:- i Debentures, Banks, and Miscellaneous.-Victorian ' Government six per cont. local debentures continuo to meet a ready sale as offorod, tbe demand still ex- ceeding the» supply ; the transactions of tbo month havo ranged at from £116 10s to £116 6s" according to sizo ot parcel. Five por cents, have changed hand i I at £100. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Ballway six por cents; would find buyors at £105. and Molbonrno Gas sevon por cents, at same price. New South Wales Government flvo per cents, placed at price withheld, and would be taken at £102 16s to £103. Colonial Bat,k ot Australasia havo boon vory Bcarco In tho markot, and tho price hu advancod; sales at £018). Od., £7, and £72«., closing with buyers at £7 li. 01. Commercial Bauk wore quitted at £3 14s. early In tho month, but bavo advancod since publication of halanoo-tlieot, and close firm, with buyers at £3 l8). Gd., sellers £4 National Bank havo had a stoady demand at Improving prlcos; salos from £5 14s. to £5 17s. tor shores on tho Melbourne register ; eóme London regintor wera quitted at £6 121. Oil. Bank of Now South Wales have boen aold at £37. Bank of Victoria changed hands at £4110s. and £42, and have buyers at £42 10s. at closo ; shares vory scarce Land Mortgage Bank too firmly hold to permit rl-buBlneis; burora at £2 8i. cum dividend. Bondlgo Goa sold at £410c Collingwood and Fitzroy (Its at £8 15s., and Melbourno Gas at £6 5s. and £0 6). All theso are in very »bort supply. Australasian Fire and Marino nominal at 7s. Od. Bollon;, 6s. Od. buyers. Lit j «hares sold at IBs., and closo with buyers at 14) National Fire Insurance nominal at Is. Od. Southern Insurance «old at 11s. Od. and lla.>9d., and havo buyers of good pareóla at 11B. Gd., sellers asking 12). 6d. Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway shares without builnoss. Melbourno Moat-preserving Com- pany dealt In at £5, and close with bayera at £4 17«. (k1, tellers £5 lt.. Cd. Mines.-Ballarat and other Districts.-Band and Albion Consols havo had a considerable oxtont of business throughout the month at somewhat fluc- tuating but on tbo wholo advancing rates, and ebie firm ; tale« from £219«. to £8 Sr. Cd. cu« dividend ol 4s., and ex dividend at from £2 16). to £2 14«., rising «gain to £341.6U, receding afterwards to £210i., and finally closing about £3 7«. 6d. Black Horse have bad a very fluctuating and Irregular market ; sa'es from SO). 6d. down to 20s. fd., recovering to 83B., and closing dull at 22». Bonshaw Frt«hold rose from £18 to £22, but close quiet at £21 Bellen. Central Energetic dull at 7a. Bollon), buyers about 5s. Od. Clunes Consols sold at £5 to £5 5s., and olose firm- at £6 6s. buyers ; shares held for £5 Sa. Gd. Cornish ehangod honda at £105, rcocdlne to £100 cum dividend, but hayo aírala advanced to about oponing rates,,with sales at £10J. to £10B, and closo firm. Empresa nominal at £4. Knorgctlc at £3 l63. Great Gulf hwe bad an excited market, with great fluctuations in valuo, the stock having beon the subjeet of large bulling and bearing operations, ending with tho defeat of the former ; eales from £2 15s, to '£5 2*. Oi., and after- wards pressed on tho market at receding rates without finding- buyers, closing with sellers at £115a. Harbinger aro at £410s, buyers, £5 5a. Boltors. Knee- bone nominal at 8a. 6d. for paid-up. Kobd-noor were much dfproBaed,.»nd shares sold at from £2 2). to £1 8s., hut bad a sudden recovery to £2, and close firm at £2 buyers, £2 2a. sellers. Leviathan have hod a limited business at £8 7s. Gd. to £8 101, andaré offered at £816s. Long Tunnel, in anticipation of a roduced dividend, woro qulttod at' close to £100, but havo »luce recovered to over lost month's rotoa ; sales up to £115 6s., ol03lng with buyers at £1(2, sellors £115, lothoir havo ooen in steady request aud olose over opening rates, sales from £1 8s. to £110a. Mag dala were quitted doi\n to 30s. but on receipt of telegrams announcing that tho roef had been etruck prices rose rapidly, and tbey have boen sold up to £6, closing about £4 6s. Holbourne and Avoct havo had moro inquiry, owing to Improved washings; sellara about £310s. New North Clunes hove had a rising market ¡sales at £102 lo £110, closing at latter prlcj. North Cornish recodod from 35). to 20a.. and closo dull. North Gipps Land nondnal at £10 10a Park have been, dull'durine the month; sales at 16s., closing tellers at 14?. Gd. Frlnco of Waloo havo had a moderato businceB at 40?. to , 42s., ' receding Blnco to 80s., and closing,dull. Red Jacket were quitted at down to 26s., but with improved "yields and a dividend have advanced to solea at £2 4a., and close firm. Saints nominal at 88a. St. George and Band, paid-up, quitted at about l8'., and havo sellers at 221. Tookey, New Zealand, have bad a falling market, in consequenco of unfavourable advices from tho mine ; eales from £20 10J. te £16 6s,, closing with sellers at £16 for double issue; 'United Albion and Prince of Wales havo hod scarcely any bUBinesB, and aro offered at 12s. United Hand and Band Bold to a limited extent at from £i Ile. Cd. to £4 19B., and close sellers at £5. United Ovens negleoted, sellers at £4. Wal- halla bave buyers at advanced rates, but shares extremoly ceorce, buyers £121, sellers asking £130 Wallaby hove been sold to o Bmall extent at 5a. 6d. to Ga. Wellington neglected. Winter's Freehold with- out buslnesB, shares obtainable about £20, Sandhurst Mining Companies.-Avondale sold to a email extent at OB. Gd. to 7s. ; »ince recoding to 6s Od. Broomlolaw ond Brilliant continue neglected. Buffalo Hoad Tribute hadan active markot, rising from 8 a. Gd. to 10s. Od , but thoy closo oaater, with saloa at 9". Gd. and Oa. 3d., andsollera at about same. Catherine Reef United wero pressed on tho market down to IO y 4Jd., at which local buyers carne forward, and they hove elnco Improved to 11s. Gd. buyors, with shores held for higher rates, Comet and Eagle companies without business. Ellesmoie would find Duyors at 12a. 6d. - Eureka Tribute havo boon qulttod at7a.'to 8i, and are now held for 8a. 3d. Extended Now Moon have had a limited business at from 2s. 41, to 2s Od.. and close with sellers at latter. Gorden Gully United sold at £6 16s. and aro obtainable at sime. G G. Consolidated cum tributes sold at 22a. Gd. to 27s Od , receding to 21a. on Berne forced Baloa, and closing firm at 23s. buyers, 24s, Bellera. Golden Ftoeco Company have been placed at from £4 10J. to £5 2a Gd, and close firm at latter rate. The Tributes have had considerable butiaets, but close rather quiet. Solos of ho, 1 at 16'. 01. to 20s., cloaing sellors at 18a. Cd. ; sales of No 2 at 20a. to 23). Oi,'closing about 23''. ; sales of No, 8 at 20B. to 23a., and obtain- able at 21a Gd. at olo-o. Great Comet sold to o f ¿ir extent at 6a. Gd- to 7s Gd , but have Blues receded to 6s. Great Extended Hustler's. Company have been in considerable demand, and prices have rlson, but owing to the firmness of holders not vury many share« have changed hands ; sales from £7 to £7 l61 OJ , closing with a bare market. Tho No. 1 Tribute have hoon largely dealt in at steadily advancing rates ; salea from £5 18a Cd. to £s IB., closing with buyors at £8 2s. Tbls company continues its great success, obtaining splendid yields, and having declared du-lng tho month two dividends, amounting to £28,100. Tho No. 2 Tributo bavo boen sold atlOa. to IBs., but oloao quiet at 10s. Od. sellera. G. V. Brooke Tributo have had a largo business at from 4s.1 Gd to Ga 4}d" closing at about 6B. Od. Hustler's Freehold hnvohsd a fluctu-ting market but close at a large advance on opening rates ; salOB fromj46s. to 62), then down to 42«., and have since advanced to 56)., closing about 53). Ifustlor's Beef nominal at about 21s. Hustler's Boicrve wero sold at Os. Gd. to 12a. Od., receding to Iii, at about which thoy close. Johnson's Uoef without business ; buyers about 20s., sellers 26s. Kent Com- pany and Tribute negleoted. Lazarus Oom pan y wonted at 25a. Londonderry have sellers at £12 Myrtlo Creek receded to 8)., but have since improved to 8a. Od buyers ex dividend Napoleon Boot nominal at 5a. 3d. New Chum and Victoria Company ha ve had a Btoadlly improving market ; sale» from 88i. tí 52s., clOBlng firm. Tho Tribute thares have also largely advanced ; sales from £51 to £71. North Golden Fleece and Glasgow United cum Tributos quitted at 4a to 6;., and closo with Boilers a', 41 3). North Huatloi'ti nominal at about 11?. North John son's are quiet, but firm at 26J. Gd. buyors 2Si sellers. North Old Chum (Old to a moderato extent at20j. up to 26a d'., closing with tellers at 25s. Gd. North Shenandoah placed to a limited extent at from 8 < O J to 0a. Od., closing at 8). 6i. lo 8a OJ. Old Onum quiet at 42i. tollers, buyoro about 87a. Pandora Trloute nominal at £2710--. Pioneer (ICocU'») havo had little at- tention till yesterday, when a large parcel changed hands at £4 2'. Pomponia sold at 81. Kalnbow Tribute sold at 15 j. to 10a. Gd., and close dull at IO), sellcro. Richard Heales hove bad somothinir like the usual fluctuations in valu», but ou 0 Hunted acolo, oscillating between 10) and 29s., and closing with buyers at 10s., soliera at 17s. Gd. Tho tributes havo fluctuated between 7s. and 8). 3d., closing at latter. Boyal Hustler's have advanced in value, rising from 24s. to 84a" and closing moderately firm at 33a Satis- factory arrangements bavo been mode with the Sand- hurst Council respecting tho title. South New Moon nominal at Oa. sel loro. South Stafford rose from 5>. Gd. to 7a. Gd., and close with bus urn at ii. 3d, sellers at 7s. Stafford Star Tribute sold at la to la. 01. and havo sellcre at Is. 3d. Etsfford Tributo nominal at Oa. Gd. sellers, Shenandoah Coraptay and tributo luve come Into increased demana; sales of tho former at 12s. Gd, and l8-., and ottholatter at J)) to 10). 6d, Union Jack dealt In to a fair extent at from 8*. Gi. to Hi 81,, but closo rather easier with tollers at Oi. OJ. Unity, Garden Gully, sold at 80s , and obtainable at 30B Gd. Unity, lE-tloaootl. nominal at 7a Vie.o rla Gold Mines sold toa limited extent at 53r. Od , and close quiet st 54«. Boiler?, 51B Gd. buyers. Victory nominal at 30s. Weat Carshalton Company nominal at 3s The tributes havo boon in good request and placed at Oa. to Ga. Od Wilson's, SlartKg, wore sold to a mndorolo extent at 17s, to 17s Od , but havo since fallen dull, and aro obtainable at 10s. The mining dividends declared during the four weeks ending January 27 amount to £01,847 O'. 4d , of whloh £51,782 OP. 4d woro distributed by qmrtz and £0,665 by alluvial companies. The dlvldono'e in detail aro na follow:-For week ceding'January 0:-G. G. Consolidated, Sandhurst, Gd. per40,000ih, £1,225 ; FasBby. Sandhurst. £125 per 4th £600 ; Victoria Gold Mines, Sandhurst, Is. per 20,274th, £1,018 14s. ; Golden Fleece, Sandhurst,- Is per 20.000th, £1,000; North Specimen bill, Sandhurst, 6d per SO 000th £760; Eastwood's Quartz, Bandhurjit, £210s. per 1.0CO shares, £00 ; G V Brooke Tribute, Sandhurst, 3d. por 24 000th, £300 ; Haddon, Haddon, £2 10), per 64th, £160; Golden Gute, Sprlngd.llab. 5s. per 4,40uth, £L100; Gobion Stream. Sowdilo 10s. peí 2,000th, £1000; Bute, Smylhssdalo, £4 per 40lh, £100; Harbinger, Dry Oro'k, 6i. per 8 2001 h, £800 ; Klloimoro, Sandhurst, -Id. per l-l,COOlb, £283 6s. 8d. ; Bind and Albion Consola, Ballarat, 4«. per 22.460tli, £1,400; lloyal Oak Sandhurst, Gd. per 210OOJ1, £600; Smth Ev tended Monday, Sandhurst 8d. per 24,009'b, £300. For week ondlog January 13-Grtat Kxtendod Hust let's Company, Sandhurst la. per 28,O0Qth, £1 400 ; Seaham Company, Maryborough, li. per 0 000th, £300 ; Long Tunnel, Stringer',! Creek, £2 10) per 2 400tb, £0,000 ; North Gipps Land, Walhalla, 6a. per 2,400th £600 ; Good H000 Tunnelling and Quartz Com- pany, Crookod Biver, 7«, per 1 SOOth, £030 ; Oo-itral Garden Gully Tribute. Sandhunt.Oa por 2 COOLI), £6'10. For wrek ending J »mary 20th :-Great Extended HuBtlor'd Tribute, Sandhurst, OB' Gd. por 28 010th, £0100; Victoria Go'd Mices Sandhurst, la. per 20 274th, £1013 14a.; Annaho'la Huntly, Is ner S.lOOtb, £155; Cornish. "ylo-ford. 10s. por 1,3'IOtb, £660 ; hew Fear Not, D»v! £270; North Croea Boel, Pleasont Crook, l8', per 10,000th, £0 000 ; Haddon, Haddon, £2 oer 64th, £128 ; Argyle, Llnton's, 3s. per 3,200th. £4S0; Now Chum and Victoria Tribute, Sandhurst, £5 per 800th, £4,000 For week ending Jatiuarv 27-New Chum and Victoria, Sandhurst Is per 2O,O00th, £1 300 ; Great Extonded Hustler's, Sandhurst, Is. per 28,C0Olb, £1400; Garden Gully United, Sand- hurst, Cd. per 26,422nd, £000 -11s; Young Obum, Sandhurst, Od. per 20 OOOtli, £500 ; Ironbark, Sandhurst, Is. per 0,000th, £460 ; Kitto'« Tri- buto, Sandhurst 2d. per 24,000th, £200; ilvrtlo Creek, Bandhurst, 4d. per 20 000th. £333 0a. 81.; Red Jacko», Bright, 6i. per 8 000th, £750 ; Try Airain, Smythesdale. £4 per £3rd, £0!; Kastwocd's Quirtz Sandhurst, £810*. Der 1,000 shares, £81; Como Held Gold and Antimony, Onhtotilold, 10s per 2 0<0'.b, £1,000 ; Bmd of Hope, Maryborough, 5s per 0 000 b, £1,600; Now North Clunes, Clunea, £1 por 2,053th, £2 050 ; Shenandoah, New Chum and Bolievue Tribute, Sandhurst, 6a per 24,000th £1 200 ; Empiro, Sandhurst, Od. per .24.000th, £000; Victory, Sand- hurst, Od. per SO.OOGth, £762 Sa ; Central Garden Gully Tilbuto, Sandhurst, 4a. per 2,000th. £100. The districts from which the above mining dltldonds wero received rank as follow) In order ol amount distributed :-Sandhurst, £80,181 Oi 4d ; Floodout Creek, £0,000 ; Gipps Land, £8,780 ; Ballarat, £4,100 ; Smythesdale £3,120; Clunes, £2,060; Maryborough, £1800 ¡Heathcote, £1,000; Daylesford. £020. Tho dividends from public companloa othor than mining aro aa follow :-Land Mortgage Bank ot Aus- tralis, ot rato of IO per cent, per annum, £5,000 ; Hol- bourne Gas and Coko Company, at rate of 8 por .cent. per annum, £0,200; Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company, at rote of lo per cent, por annum, and bonus ot Is, per sharo, £4,600. SHIPPING OF Tnp MONTH. . PORT OF M8LBOURNE. AnniVAtS AND Cl_AJlAKCBS SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY LB., British; A., American; Au, Austrian; Da. Danish; D., Dutch; F., French: Oh,, Chilian; P.. Pottueuoso ; H.. Hamburg ; Hn., Hanoverian : I., Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N G., North German ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Bolg., Bolglan; Br., Bremen ; K., "lt-stan ; B., ship ; b., barquo; br., brig; se, schooner ; s.S., steamer.] Jan. , AnmvKD 1\. Nympho, N.G. corvotte, 025 tonB, 14 guns, 200 11.p, Louis Von Blano, Capo Town. 1\. BUbflyor, B.BV 1 OU, Win. Harrison, Mauritius. Geo. kiartln and Co. ' 1\. Duke of Edinburgh, B s, 1117. J. Balmonno, Liverpool.-Bright Brothora and Co. 1\. James Wilson, B.b., Foo chow-foe. - Boyd and Currie. 2\. Thomas Stcpbons, B s, 1,500, Richard Richards, London.-George Mortlnond Co 2\. Leicester,B.s., 1,809,Btcbd Caddy, Frodorlckstsdt. -Joshua Bros. , 2\. Salads, B. b , 428, Geo. M, Jackton, Hong Kong. B. Towns and Oo. S. Lorton Vale, B. b,, 290, Ja«. Anderson, Mauritius. -W. Crosby and Co. 4\. Dayspring, missionary te., 115, W. A. Fraror.Tanna, New Hobrides. 4\. St. Kilda, B so., 180, J. H. Gill, Port Nato'. Speoco Brothers and Co. 7\. Loch Tey, B. c, 1,101, Alex Scott, Glaajow. Holmes, White and Co. 10\. Prince Victor, B. b ,201, J, Brown, Malden Island. Giles, Sumner, and Co. 10\. Kartaret Cherwell. B ia, 75, D. Jamieson, Fiji. X, Warburton and Co, 11\. Menn-hir, F. b" 278, Jean Rio, Oharento.-Bligh > and Harbottle. 12 Melpomene, B. s., 1,840, Chas. Whiting, Loudon. Vlrgoe, Son, and Co. , 17\. City of Sparta, B. s, 1,103. D. Anderdon, London, -W. Crosby, and Co. 10\. Bangalore, B.M.S.8., 2,063, Geo. 0. Burne, Ga'le. . -F. B. Kendall. 19\. Syren,'B. br.,167, Kobt. M'Eachera, Singapore. V. Wi Prellend Co. 10 MsgRlo LCBHO, B. b, 431, John W. Robertson, Mauritius.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 22 Kosciusko, B. s., 1,102, Jas. Lawson, London. Blackwood and Co. 22,'Gispee, A. s., 987, Wm. Drummond, Bwartwlck. 'Joshua Brothors. 23 ThcrmopjJ-o, B. s, 947, B. Kembali, London.-Dal- gety, Blackwood, and Co. 23\. Mary Hamilton, B. b., 217. Wm. MltchoU, Hong Kong.-L. Kong Meng and Co. 23\. Confiance, F. b, P. Baoult, Mauritius.-Turnbull, Emltb, and Co. 24\. Francis Thorpe, B. t., 1,207, H. Buck, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 25\. Nehemiah Gibson, A. b., 741, Adam S. Smalley, New York. --Lord and Co. 25, Alexandra, B. b., 806, Cha?. Aubin, Mauritius. -Hpence Bros, and Co. 27\. Agamemnon, B s., 1,481, Richard Marsden, Lon- don.-J. H. Whlto and Co. P,7. Battler, A. P., 909, Benjamin F. Marsh, New York. -R. Towns and Co. 27\. Polly Lewin, A. b., 566, F. Johnson, Boston. Newell and Co. 27\. Farana, F. br. 260 A Bar, Mauritius-Joshua Bros. 29\. Adelhold, N. G. b., 240, C. J. Vö^o, Hong Kong. Jas, Henty and Co. Jan. ' CMARFD OUT. 2\. Bohar, R.M.8 S., 1 270, Wm. Blake, Gallo.-F. B. Bendall. " 2, Bene, F. br., 296, Allted Richer, Guam-F. W. Proll and Co. 4\. Pontlac, B. s., 1,010, H. Findlay, London -Bright Brothers and Co. 4, Susanne and Elizabeth, D. b , 610, G, do Borden, Hong Kong.-J. W. Plooa van Amatel, 5\. Delta,B. br..246, J.Lynch Boston.-NowellandCo. 5\. Congress, A. s, 076, J. Purlngton, Hong Kong, vlil Newcastle.-R. Towna and Co. 8\. Uorwanjee Framjee, B. s., 1 070, N. P. Bidwell, London.-Mactarlan, Blyth, and Co. 8\. Elliaboth, B. b.,283, J. G- B. Guest, Mauritius Joshua Brotbors. ,9. Golden Horn, B a., 1,114, J. T. Cutting, Starbuck Island.-Wm. Crosby and Co. 12\. Onward, B. a., 606, >Vm. Whyte, Hong Kong, via Sydney.-Kong Meng and Co. 12\. City tf Shanghai, B. P., 990, John Crooko, Guam. -Bright Brothers and Co. 15\. Ariadne, K. b" 608, A. Kreltlng, Manilla, via No« castle.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Chattanooga, A. b., 627, Q. Frcoman, Guam.- ' Lord and Co. 18\. Aviemore, B s,, 1,000, T. B. Ayllng, London.-Dal- gety, Blackwood, and Co. 19\. Clarence, B. s , 1,105, H. T. Gibson, London.-J. H. Whlto and Co. 20\. Sir Robert Seppings, B. b., 572, T. Coates, Colombo. -Boyd and Currie. 22\. Indiaman, S. s, 775, A. Mlllupans, Callao.-O. Tondeur and Co. 23\. Büke of Edlnburgb, B. e., 1,117, O. Balmanno, Guam.-Bright Brothers and Co. 24\. Eurynome, B. s., 1,116, W. Watson, London.-Lo- rimer, Marwood and Rome. 24\. Prince Victor, B s , J. Brown, Maldon Island - Grlce, Sumner, and Co I 25\. Trowbridge B B" 1,287, J Staplcdon, London. Croaker, Scott, and Co 27\. Eomcrsotehlto B ss, 1693, J, B. Alwood, Lon- don.- W. P. Whlto anl Co. 27\. Jheophane, B. B" 1.505, T. P. Follett Rangoon. Geo. Martin and Co. 29\. Maori, B b , 700. J. G. Mordue, London -Turn- bull, Smith and Co, 30\. Thomas Stephens B. e , 1,507, R. Richards, Cal- cutta.-Geo. Martin nnd Co. SHIPS 'CLEtVRED OUT WITH COLONIAL . PRODUCE. JAN. 2. Bohar, s.s , for Point de Galle.-2 packages seeds, 1 package preserved meat, 1 paokage plant«, 80 barrels potatoes, 29 paokoges buttor, 126 bags flour, 1 package temples wood, 12 tierces boof, 1 package jam, 1 case books, 5 cases cbeeio, 1 case leather, 4 caaos exhibits, 1 bale wool, 1 sample wool, 1 packago boota 1 oil painting, 1 package wool and tallow, 1 paokage photo- graphs, 2 packages company's parcels. Reno, for Guam.-400 bBgs flour. JAN 4 Ponlloc, for London- 8,021 balos wool, 60 bales pelts, 138 bales sklnB, 23 bales leather, 27 casks black innd, 2,000 cosos prciorved meats, 570 casks tallow, and a quantity of bones. JAN 6. Dolla, for BOBton.-1,027 bales wool, 6 packages sundi ICB. JAN. 8. Ellnabotb, for Mauritius.-100 tlcrccB bott, 150 kogo buller, 27 caaes cheese, 3 coses hams, 11 ton) fodder, 75 bags bran, 22 horses Moiwanjee Framjeo, for London.-1,950 bales wool, 158 bales sbeepsklnB, 21 tierces beef, 110 plpfB, 287 casts tallow, 83 casks roans, 44 boles leatber, 50 bales pelts, 1 case guano, 34 casks 37 packageB butter, IO bales cotton. JAN. 12 Onward, for 'Hong Kong v'â Sydney.-04 boxea vegetables, O boxes tish. JAN l8. Aviemore, for London -5,040 bales wool, 1,777 bags ore 740 Ingots epeltor, 82 pipes 150 casks tallow; 142 casks 20 kegs C4 cases butter. 924 catos preserved mcatp, 60 ba'cs leather. JAN. 19 Clarence, for London -2 846 bales wool, 612 baca bark, 3 bales skins, 260 baga wheat, SOO hhds. treacle CS6 cocks 6 cases tallow, 80 casks beef, 17 casks 1,007 cal es preserved meats, 8 cases hardware, l8 firkins but- ter, 7 balos sheepskins, 112 blocks antimony, 21 caica 1 cr.uk wino, 1 caso leather, 1 case old lorim, 5 cases effects, JAN 20 Sir Robert Seppings, for Colombo.-859 bags bran, 40 tons hay, 80 horses. JAN. 24. Eurynome, for London.-2,470 bales wool, 0,217 big« wheat, 1,563 bags II mr, 165 bjlcB leather, 4 packages euVcts, 4 bales bislte, 2 cases butter, 25 bales rsgs, 801 caseB preserved moats, 339 casks tallow, 8 bales kangaroo thins, and n quantity of shaun bones. Prlnco Victor, for Maldon Island.-2 barróla pork, 8 kegs paint, 28 empty chests, 3 cases drugs, 180 boards, 2 oollB ropo, IO bags Hour, 10 packages sundries. JAN. 25. Trowbridge, for London.-4 982 balos wool, 807 ca'ks tallow, 35 bale» leather,' 22 casks sklrn, 391 bags pjrllos, 1,846 cases preserved meat'. 13 666 liorna, 8 tonB thank bones, 70 balos bark, 360 hhds. treacle. JAN. 27. Somersetshire, for London.-2,683 bales wool. 107 bales leather, 67 bales scrolls, 7 bales basils, 2 bales skins, 25 bega bark, 1,004 cíaos prosorved moats, 535 casks tallow, 29 casks black sand, 5S7 casks 115 cases buttor, 10 casks lard, 6 caskB beoswax, 063 bags anti- mony oro, l8 cases effects, 5 packago, sundries. 13 cases wlno, 6 cases specimens of natural history, 11 cases bopkB. JAN. 29. Maori, for London.-2,008 bales 17 bags wool, 29 pipes 544 casks 124 tins tallow, 200 cisca pro-ervod meats, 0 balea skins, and 76 tona guano. JAN 30 Thomas Stephens, for Calcutta -40 toni hay, 5 CUBIB barns, 2 cases plants, 4 cases biscuits, 704 bags Hour, 00 hor$cB. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. The following ia a list of the ships taking gold which havo sailed, from this port since tho publication of our last Surnmnry, together with the quantities and destinationn : Ilute of Sailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces, | Jan Jan. Jan. 121 Jan 10 Jan. . S7l Behar Boro Macedon .. Dandenong 8c mcrsotFhiro Qnlle Sydney .. 3ydnoy ,. Sydney .. London .. 93.360 5,410 8.069 8 924 21.278 Hie total amount of gold exported from tho colony elnco the beginning ol the year la 142 0300Z.. of which 2B,602oz. woro transhipped from New Zoa ¡ land. During the corresponding period of tho pro ! viousyear the entire quantity exported was292,183oz , and ol this total 38 70707» wero from New Zsaland. This shows a decrease In Victorian oxported gold for the presentas compared with the same ^period of the 1 paBt yoar ot 138 OOloz., and a decrcaso In Now Zsaland re-exported of ll,206oz." STOOK AND SIIABE LIST. WEDNESDAY, JAK. 31. 1000000 800000 100000 10000 EOOOO 80300 135400 163300 100000 21700 20000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 per cont. Viet Government (local), 5 per cont» Molbourno Corporation, 6 por cent, Ballarat Woter, 8 per cont. Ballarat Municipal, G1 percent. .. Collingwood Gas, Oper cent. liol bourne Ona, 7 por cent. Mell). & II. B. United, 8 percent. Do., 7 por cent. Do., 0 per cent. Do., 5 per cent. Bendigo Wntorworks, 0 ror cent, iNclBon (N.Z ) Gov., 8 por cent. 1156 HO 1051 lOCl, 108 109 101102» 105 107 100000 600000 1000000 500000 50000 80000 10 21008 14000 7C0Û0 2080 24480 210000 (.10 125000 5 2500O 40000 5 10260 - 10O00D 5 40000 60 100000 50 17876' 10 87600, 10 884601 - 12333 50 12000 1 7000'20 634700 60 PrjBL'O COMPANIES. Last dlv. percent. per annum, BANKS. Bal. Bankg. (Umlt) Do., new Issue .. Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Aus- tralia Olmitcd)-,. Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (limited) .. National of Austral. New South Wales., f Victoria (Mcl.reg.) I Do. (London reg;.) Land Mortgage GAS] COUPAMES. Ballarat 5'Bendigo 5 Costlenialno1 5 Cotlmgw'd St Fitzroy 0|Daj leaford (limited) 4,Gcelong 8) » f 5 J- Melbourne 4 LO J ( INSV1UNOÏ. 2J( Austral. Fire & Mar. è Australasian Life 1 Australian Alliance. JjNatlonal Flrolnsur. 1 Southern Insurance li Victoria Lifo &Gon.; 25 Victoria Fire 4, Mar. UIBCKLLANKOl-S. 6GippsLnd.StcamN. 7J ¡Marítimo & General ICrcditCo. (Limit.) 61 Melb. Meat Preenf. 50'MelboumoExch'ngo 1 ¡Studley Fork Bridge 20 Victorian leo RAILWAYS. 5o'Melb, iillob.Bay Ud. Closing Prices. ¡Ï-74 86 37 4%-43 81-9} 4H6 88 8} 12J-121 !s.-8a. 133.-15S. 89*. -41s. 1Í3.-2S. 11S.-139. 8-S& 30*31 %* 1819 44-48 