THE ANTIQUITY OF THE O OE ANIO RAGES. (From tho Pacific Comniercial Advertiser.) IT Las been asked-what are your evidences of the antiquity of man on tbe Hawaiian Islands ? I will answer. Thc first discovei'y of any evidences of man's antiquity in these islands was in the year 1822, during the first successful effort in digging a well at Honolulu. This was made by Joseph Navarro, in his yard near the Bethel. The well was dug through eight or ten feet of loam and volcanic sand to thc coral bed and about thc same distance through the coral. About the middle of the coral strata, a human thigh bone was found embedded in a compact mass of coral, and lower down in One of tho cavities a human skull was found " in good order and preservation, but darker than a new skull. It evidently had some strength in it, us it was kicked ubout by the boys," is the language of Mr. James Hunnewell, who communicated the information to the Hawaiian Olub Papers. In the second well, dug about the same year 1822, ou the W. H. Davis or Brewer premises, on Port-street, " the substrata proved to be the same as in the former case, and the coral was full of cavities, from which were taken a num- ber of bones of a man's hand or foot. None of the cavities of the coral communicated with the surface." And it munt be borne in mind that thc coral was covered with several feet of successive strata of volcanic sand, marking probably several ages of eruption. In 1867, J. G. Osborn, Esq., the architect, in excavating a well at the brick yard' at Mana- rrinna, adjoining Honolulu, after passing through the loam and various layers of black volcanic sand and lava which marked the past ages of eruption of Puowaina, discovered a human skull several feet below the surface. 1 The ancient Hawaiian, to whom it belonged, had probably been fishing on the reef, long ages ago, on tho] first eruption of Punchbowl, and before Herculaneum and Pompeii were whelmed beneath the lava of "Vesuvius. Several years Binco a human tooth was found embedded in a compact muss of lava near the pali. The man to whom it pertained had lived -previous to thc great convulsiona that fornied tb<jt gorge and precipice, and the fused lava had been moulded round the tooth by Pele, who no doubt proved rather a rough dentist. On the elevated plain lying between Ewa and Waialua, many remnants of man have been discovered several feet below the present level of the soil, and in' the remains of shells and debris, as well as various evidences of man, similar to the hjoechken wwedding (kitchen leavings), on the Danish shores. The Hawaiian shell mounds show greater -antiquity, for they are deeply covered by alluvial deposits. These evidences point to a remote period when man wa« an inhabitant of Oahu. The last appearance of Pole on any of the Islands of "the group, except Hawaii, was nt Haleakala, on Maui, according to tradition in times long past. There is no ti'adition of the eruption of Punchbowl among thc Hawaiian people. Prom every indication it has been long ages extinct. An alluvial soil, consisting of loam and vegetable moxild several feet «thick, ha% been form«d over the last eruptive strata.1 The different volcanic strata mark several eruptive periods, not following each other in rapid succession, but after long intervals of rest. These eruptions wore on "and above tbe coral beds, and tho remains of man had been deposited on tho coral at a time when that formation had not attained by more than four feet ita elevation, when the first volcanic wave from Punchbowl rolled over it. The coral reef at Honolulu has not boen perceptibly elevated in fifty years. How long would it require to form four feet thick over the human skeletons found in the wells to which I have alluded ? How many ages was the earliest volcano of Punchbowl pouring its fiery waves over tho coral, before even tuc tradition of its eruption was lost ? Thc Pali- the highest range of central mountains have been formed, since man lived ' and walked on Oahu. Tho skull found in thc well of Manamana was full of life and thought before the volcano's birth ! ' (Jan Java or Sumatra show an antiquity for man higher than this P And do not these facts lead to an irresistible argument against the peopling of these islands by the Malays ? Thc problem of this high antiquity can only be solved by the hypothesis of tho ancient sub- merged continent-the Oceánica of the past. But if there wore any of. the inhabitants of the ancient submerged continent left, would not their descendants preserve some tradition of such a prand catastrophe ? ' I will proceed to answer. . Barth's physical history is written in un- mistakable characters ? and unerring marks upon her surface.. The numerous.changes in- dicating , great geological. periods, ms well as the. mî2îltia3i. oF,'thê .varied past forms of organic life arowportrayed in. a language all can understand. ; Reason is the: great teacher by which we'can read tho secrets of the post. ':, There is no geological evidence of a univer- sal deluge since the advent of man upon ,tho earth ; nor has mioh an event been possible sihcô the carboniferous era, which extended through immense ages of rainfalls. After the mighty* changes ; effected by aqueous action during earth's great'píUYÍaVp*riodJ vbe shaping of thc earth's surface, the formation of seas and oceans, the drying, and purifying of tho atmosphere and the .adaptation of the primeval dry . land, climate,' heat and j .moisture to the Ereduction of - organio lifo, there could , not ave been-: such .a~. catastrophe as a universal pluvial deluge. We have many dim glimpses of riparian delngos in Greece ar¿ \n the volleys of tho ..Euphrates . and Tigris; in i Mesopotamia, iu that traditionary penod, im- mediately preceding man's historical period. Even since- the historical period, tho earth's atmosphere in'/..ancient times/contained more moisture, tb^re -was greater condensation and aonsn^'iQntly riparian floods were moro irco»*ent tjjdn nt resent. Whence-then, originates tho almost general tradition of a universal deluge? In the subsidence and submergence of earth's continents and islands, since man has' been an inhabitant of our planet, and tho unmistakable marks of ; aqueous action in every portion of j tho earth, not of recent volcanic origin. The I memory of such an event as a general or partial submergence among' a pre-LiBtorio and un- lettered people could only bo presorved by oral tradition, and in the long ( curso of ages.won'd asaumo a variety of forms, but «ll com- memorating n great aqueous cutustrOj/no. Tho people of thc mountain Summits or islands, left by tho subsidence of tho continent of Oceánica, hayo all preserved a memory of this catastrophe, bv traditions somewhat varied iu their details. I \Vill specify thc most pro miucut. ( .Tho lúdkakimlü, tho dolugo of the Haw- aiians, when thè ' traditions rolating thereto aro critically^examined, evidently rofer to a catastrophe, not caused hy a dolngo of rain, but a great convulsion by which the sub inorgcncö of all tho land oxcept tho islands ocenrrod. Tho traditions whioh refer extra- ordinary works to Hina and tho BOUB of Hina, can 'have no other refereneo than to a cata I clv8rn of tlie character indicated. Was it not a mytjhical allusion' to nome sudden con ; vulsioii . succeeded by others leas dis- astrous in their consequences ? The ancient I Hawaiians were a highly poetical people. Their ancient moles far exceed any productions : of the kind from further west among the ! Malays, Javans, or the islands of the Indian Archipelago. _ The epic of Kawclo is a supc j rior production to anything produced in Java, even uuder Hindoo civilisation. Tho deluge of Kaiakahinalii, according to a, com- parison of all the ancient traditions which have been collected and preserved, relates to the sinking of a continent, whqse mountain tops are still visible in the numerous islands of Polynesia, whether the cones of ancient volca- noes, or surrounded by coral reefs, as in the case of the low islands. Thia conclusion is borne out by tbc tradi [ tions of all tho other islands of the Oceanic race. "Tho Tahitian story is that Taaroa (thc Kaneloa of Hawaii) being angry with men on accpunt of their disobedience, over- turned the world into tho sea, excepting a few projecting points or aurus, which consti- tuted _ the present cluster of islands." This tradition in connection with their claim tobe autocthons, os do the Hawaiians, goes to dis- prove the fact that they were immigrants from any other land. Tho tradition among thc inhabitants of Eimeo is that after thc llood (similar to that of the Tahitians) a man landed from a canoe near Tiatacpua, in their island, and built an altar, or morai, in honour of bis god " Thc tradition in the Leeward Islands is much the same with that of Raiatea. Soon after the peopling of the world by the descendants of Taata, Jiuahatu, the Neptune of tho South Sea Islands, was reposing in his coralline groves in the depths of the ocean. A fisherman regard- less of the tabu or thc sacredness of the place, lowered his hooks which became entangled with the hair of the sleeping god. For a long time he strove in vain to draw them np again, I and at last the god.roused from his slumbers, appeared at the surface, upbraided him for his impiety, and declared that his land should be destroyed for tho sin. The affrighted fisher- man implored forgiveness, and Ruohata, moved by his prayers, directed him to proceed with his wife and child to a small island called Toa mararuu, which is situated within tho reefs on the eastern side of Raiatea, where he might find a safe refuge. Tho man obeyed and took with him to tho place appointed not only his wife and child, but a friend also, a dog, a pig and a pair.of fowls. They reached thc refuge before the close of the day, when the waters began to rise, drove the inhabitants of. the shores from their dwellings, and gradually increased till in tho morning, only thc tops of the mountains appeared. Thc fisherman and his family became the progenitors of the pre sent inhabitants. Tho natives of Tonga-Tabu and tho Tongain group, are not autocthons, but immigrants, according to their traditions from the north- east-from otto of the three great Oceanic groups Samoa, Hawaii or Tahiti. This fact makes their tradition of thcsinking of the earth or as they term it tho rising of the waters so os to submerge all save the mountain tops the more remarkable. The place doubtless whence they originated, and the fancy painted divine region of these natives of thc ocean, is a beautiful island situated far to the north- east- ward of their own laud, ever blooming with the most beautiful .Howers, which fill Jibe air with fragrant and delicious odors nod bear the richest and most delicious fruits. When these are plucked, the tame immortal plants bring forth others to replace, them, Birds of the most splendid plumage fill the groves of tho enchanted land.- '? There is also abundance - of all animals and birds' for the tables . of the akuas and demigods, and when any bf these are killed, another immediately comes into existence to sunolv its . mace. This is thc Island of ^Óolotu, or Bulntu. It ia north-east of Samoa, and there- fore, .must either refer ' to Hawaii or Tahiti. They say it is too distant for a canoo to undertake to reach it. Their traditions also Íioint to the elevation of the Tongan group rom the sea. They hold that it was fished up by their god Tangaroa (Kaneloa) although Capt. "Wilkes in his narrative asserts that they were fished up by Maui. In Samoa we find the same tradition of a flood, or rising of tho waters of the ocean. Many of their traditions are similar to the Tongans, including. a belief in the happy I Island Of Bolotu. The. Maoris of New Zealand, who according to their own traditions, were originally from Hawaii, have the same story of tho rising of tho waters. Further west, on the confines of Oceánica, in tuc Marian or Ladrona Islands, we have tho same traditions .as it regards a deluge. This is truo of. all the smaller groups and scattered islands of Oceánica. Their unity of race and this universal ?' belief, certainly constitute a stroog probability.that some'great catastrophe of tbat character occurred in thc remote ages of the past, V And aró vre not warranted in the belief that it.'is tho .memory of ' the 'sink* lng' of the great/' Oceanic v continent pre- served' by. the -descendants of ? ¡the remnants of its'ancient inhabitantsP ..i. . ??>. Í ' answer, have, led ino to defer ( until another number fte nr^to Thad int^d'for^htà [ But ', I r must The queries I.had to ; IiA PAZ. ' 