SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1872. The important topics which daily, occupy the public mind during the time that Parliament is sitting unfortunately prevent many other matters from receiving that attention which their merits deserve. On no other grounds can we account for the neglect with which the official catalogue issued by authority of the Exhibition commissioners has been treated. This work aspires to be something more than a bald enumeration of the exhibits. At the head of each section is a short essay describing the present state of the art or manufacture to which the exhibits specified therein belong. Some of these little treatises have been written with commendable fairness, and show no traces of imagination beyond a tendency here and there to magnify colonial productions and to imply that the preternaturally intelligent people of Victoria could "whip " all creation" easily in any branch of Industry if they liked to try. It is fortunate for the other portions of this planet that they do not. Others again spurn the dull earth, and soar so far into the realms of fancy that they hover at times over that shadowy boundary line which separates hyperbolical imagery from specific falsehood. We think it is a pity that these essays-the idea of which, by-the- bye, is capital-were not subjected to a more rigorous examination before they were inserted in a volume issued by authority. The tendency which so many of them exhibit to land our most ordinary and common-place doings as evidences of almost unparalleled skill and enterprise, is not only calculated to render us ridiculous in the eyes of the world, but also to exercise a most baneful influence on our national character. We are rapidly getting into that condition of mind which makes all criticism intolerable, when, like the Americans whom DICKENS met, we shall insist on being " cracked up " whether we deserve it or not. This practice of self-laudation, which is so painfully prevalent, is degrading to our manhood. We may inflate ourselves to the bursting point, but other people will never mistake our exact position in the scale of creation, or cease to regard us for what we are, and not for what we proclaim ourselves to be. Turning over the pages of the catalogue at random, we come to " Section " VI. Beer, spirits, and other drinks, &c.; Class DeBeer." The "experts" in this class are Messrs. FORD, SPENSLEY, FELLOWS, and MORTON all gentlemen, we have no doubt, who, in the words of the popular song, " love a drop of good " beer," and would be ready to visit with befitting punishment the bastard who would rob a poor man" of his national beverage, It is this certainty which assures us that no one will read the essay which immediately follows their names with greater astonishment or keener anguish than they. The work of fiction under notice commences by a saying that " the growth in the manu " facture of beer in Victoria during the " last five years has been simply mar serious." The only growth in the manufacture of beer that we are aware of is a fungoid one, called yeast, and that is the reverse of marvellous, being of every-day occurrence. Perhaps, however, the writer meant to allude to -maintain? s, the " growth of the manufacture in which case, while we admit that there has been a large increase, we cannot recognise the marvel, " Eighteen or twenty years ago," goes on this intrepid essayist, " there was " hardly such a thing as colonial beer " known in Melbourne." Why, " sheoak" has been known in this city " since the " memory of man runneth not to the contrary," and just eighteen years ago Sir CHARLES HOTHAM reigned over us '-a Governor who held colonial " swipes" in such esteem that he introduced " Murphy's entire" at the Government-house revels, and so gave rise to internal disorders and the Crown correspondence. The Value of the imports of beer has fallen from £600,000 in 1860 to under £150,000 last year, and the inference drawn from this is that " the colonial brewers will soon ," shut out all imports of beer, and have " the trade to themselves." We do not think so. No doubt the consumption of beer has very much Increased amongst the working-classes, and those who necessarily value their money more highly than their palate prefer quantity to quality. Colonial beer can be sold at a much lower rate than the imported, which, taking into consideration the larger cost of both material and labour in this colony, clearly shows the inferiority of the brew. The higher price which continues to be given for English ales demonstrates the falsity of the statement that " consumers greatly prefer the colonial " article." The simple fact is they get more for the same money, and with the mass of beer drinkers quantity is the grand desideratum. We do not mean to say that there is no good beer brewed in Melbourne. Far from it, We have tasted some which is not altogether unworthy to be compared with second-class English brands, but then the price charged is equal to that asked for the latter, and under such circumstances nine people out of ten would always prefer the imported liquor. The character of the higher class of colonial ales has greatly improved of late years, but the inferior descriptions still continue to be the vilest trash. Such a sentence as the following must have been penned, we imagine, by some escaped lunatic "If there is any over indulgence in English ale " over night, the penalty attached to this must be paid next morning. " Not so with colonial ale." This is sublime ! Over-indulgence in anything spirituous or fermented leads to disagreeable results, but of all the pitiable spectacles it is possible to look upon, the poor palsied wretch who has saturated his system with colonial beer is the very worst. It is not only British beer in wood, however, that is being driven out of the market, our colonial brewers " are now bottling what " they brew themselves very fast and " some of them are using their own " labels, Messrs. VAUGHAN and WILD, " and Mr. THOMAS AITKEN in parties " lar." Why " in particular?" If others are using their own labels as well, they are as particular " as either Messrs. VAUGHAN and WILD or Mr. THOMAS AITKEN. Are these essays or advertisements ? " In " this," we are told, " they have begun " to exhibit a becoming confidence in " their own manufacture ; nor was " there any reason why they should not " have done this long ago." We are entirely of the same opinion, and always thought that Messrs. VAUGHAN and WILD'S " à la Carlisle Ale, bottled for " Australia by PEREIRA and "Co.," was a mistake. It was profitable, but wrong. We take leave of this essay on the manufacture of beer in Victoria with a feeling of the most unmitigated disgust. It abounds in fulsome eulogies of a very questionable beverage, and overflows with positive misstatements Can it be possible that the commissioners think a Victorian industry is benefited by such a miserable and mendacious production 1 Our manufactures need to have their shortcomings pointed out if they are ever to excel, and not to be praised for merits they do not The construction of a railway across the Murray, from Echuca to Deniliquin, in continuation of our North-Western line, is one of those works that New South Wales should have undertaken, in the interests of the settlers in the Riverina district, years ago. But the | stupid and unaccountable dread of some of her leading men in both branches of the Legislature, and on both sides of their respective Houses, lest they should , enable Victoria more effectually to run away with the trade of that large and influential district if they gave any countenance to this project, has led them to resist it, and to throw every obstacle they could in its way. They seem now, however, to have been constrained to I admit that further resistance to the wishes and demands of the settlers in this respect, on any such grounds, would, as Mr. PARKES phrases it, " be a" of the essence of barbarism, and they have, therefore, at length consented to allow a private company to do what should long since have been embarked in as a great national undertaking. The Government of New South Wales, it should also be remarked, have promised (whatever land may be required for the construction of the proposed railway, land have pledged themselves to facilitate the proceedings of the promoters in every legitimate way. This was first publicly announced in the Sydney Legislative Assembly on Friday, the 20th inst, after a long and an effective speech by Mr. HAY on the subject, just before rising for the Christmas recess, Mr. HAY moved the House into committee on that occasion to consider a petition from certain inhabitants of Deniliquin, presented on the 21st of November, and then opened up the whole question. Deniliquin was the great depot of the overland trade in stock. Three roads met there, and it was usual to have a reserve of half a mile on each side of a road for pasturage. But owing to the sale of land on the road from Deniliquin to Moama, that was reduced, for the most part, to a three-chain road, and poor animals driven along it suffered greatly. When sheep got to Moama, they were worth fully Is, less per head. Only two kinds of road could be made there a block road, and a road of burnt brick. Tenders for the former had been received by the Denili- quin Council, at £4,620 per mile, and for the latter at £3,700 per mile. But an experienced contractor had offered to construct a railway with 50lb. rails, to go at the rate of 15 miles an hour, including stations and rolling stock, for £1,920 per mile. It was almost a dead level from Deniliquin to Moama, offer- ing unexampled facilities for the construction of railways, and the traffic on the road was very great. About 8,000 tons passed over Deniliquin bridge in the year, wool one way, goods the other, and the cost of carriage was sometimes 5 per ton, never less than £2, seldom even so low. By railway it would never be more than j£l per ton. Echuca had become a place of great importance, chiefly as the terminus of the overland traffic. Not fewer than 700,000 sheep and 10,000 cattle crossed there yearly. The prosperity of a people depended greatly on their choice of a market, and commercial intercourse with Sydney alone was never possible to the settlers in the Riverine district. Why should they be left in a state of semi-barbarism, because some people thought the construction of this railway would take the trade over to Melbourne, from which they were only 200 miles distant 1 He moved that land be granted for that purpose, amidst much cheering. That was all the Riverina settlers asked. Mr. PARKES was quite enthusiastic in his support of the proposal, notwithstanding his former hostility to it. The land should be granted, and every facility be given to the promoters. Mr PARKES seemed particularly elated at the thought of how much better it would be to have the terminus of our North-Western Railway not at Echuca, but at Deniliquin, in their own territory, and fifty miles away from the Victorian border. He also seemed to have some idea that this line would, when brought from Echuca to Deniliquin, be a source of as much disadvantage to Victoria as of advantage to New South Wales. They could run their South-Western line from Wagga Wagga to Deniliquin, and carry off a large portion of the trade in the Riverina district, which Victoria had been mainly instrumental in creating. The hon, member, indeed, when the extension of the South-Western line from Goulburn to Wagga Wagga was under consideration, only three days before, gave utterance to the same thought in a less disguised form. " How was it possible, he asked, " for them to solve the difficulty " which was rising to such large propor- " tions from year to year between two) " ambitious and emulating colonies, " unless, while Victoria was offering the " means of communication to their " people, they themselves offered the " like means ? He believed they " should strike a great blow at " the difficulty they had to contend " with, when they tapped that impor " tant district which lay between the " Murray and the Murrumbidgee." Singular credulity ! At that bubble Mr. ROBERTSON puffed, and it burst : " Did any one suppose, even if the " South-Western Railway was carried " to Albury or Deniliquin, that the " people would send their produce all " the way to Sydney, a distance of 600 to 700 miles, when they could send It " to Melbourne, a distance of only 200 " miles 1 The thing was ridiculous." At a later period in the discussion of this question, Mr. ROBERTSON declared that the folly of attempting to force the settlers in the Riverine district to " bring their goods to Port Jackson," was only to be equalled by that of having given " so much of the southern country " to New South Wales." The only point on which the promoters of the proposed railway have latterly had any doubts appears to have been whether they should not, in consideration of the land granted, be obliged to adopt the New South Wales instead of the Victorian railway gauge, upon which their hearts were set. But Mr. PARKES distinctly states that " it " is contemplated to use the same as that now used in Vic " toria." So far, therefore, the promoters have got all they either asked for or desired. Amidst this general con- currence in the scheme, however, it is amusing to observe how impossible it is for some of our Sydney friends to conceal their jealousy of Victoria. This crops out, whether they will or not, when we least of all expect it. One member of the Legislature, for instance, admitted most fully and un- reservedly that the promoters had made out a good case for the line, but hinted in the same breath at the propriety of care being taken that it should not be constructed with Melbourne capital, Nor was even Mr. HAY able to divest himself altogether of some such feeling. Hence his assurance to the House that the shares of the company about to be formed should he thrown into the Sydney market, and not go to any other until they could not be got rid of there. For this tentative process no time is fixed, and shares may, therefore, be put upon the Sydney market one day and be taken off the next, without any violation of Mr. HAY'S pledge. But enough of this trifling none but the most narrow minded would think of indulging in it, Whether this railway goes on or not, the trade of the Riverina district is ours, in spite of New South Wales, its Government, or its people. But, in the interest of the Riverina settlers, who are some of our best customers, we are, of course, anxious to see it go on, and that, too, as speedily as possible. A meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday, but no business of public importance was transacted, in consequence of several of the Ministers being absent from town. Another meeting will be held on Monday next, when in all probability something will be done with regard to the appointment of a new secretary of the Education department. The Chief Secretary yesterday received a telegram from Sir James M'Culloch, consent- ing to act temporarily as agent-general for Victoria, as Mr. Childers is compelled by his other duties to resign the position at the end of the year. The intercolonial conference will be held at Sydney on the 13th of January next. In all probability this colony will be represented by the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer. We understand that the last meeting of the present Board of Education will be held on Tuesday next. The new Education Act comes into force on Wednesday next, the 1st January. As the measure underwent important alterations in its passage through Parliament, and as its provisions have not yet been thoroughly mastered by the general public, we publish in to-day's issue the act as it now stand, on the statute- book. Immediately upon the Education Act coming into force, the following circular will, by direction of the Government, be sent to the head masters of common schools: "Sirs-I am directed by the Minister of Public Instruction to inform you that the new Education Act, of which I enclose a copy is now in operation, and to request that you will, for the present, continue to conduct the business of your school. You will observe that no fees are to be charged for instruction in the subjects mentioned in the first schedule to the act. All children attending the school are entitled to instruction in those subjects, and no child can be required to receive instruction in other subjects. It is not the desire of the Government that the teachers should suffer loss from the partial abolition of fees, and I am directed to inform you that the remuneration of the teachers will, for the present, be placed upon a footing which will give them an amount as nearly as possible equivalent to that which they would have received under the former law." The following arrangements have been made for the St. Kilda election Issue of writ, December 27 ; nomination, January 7 ; polling, January 13 ; return of writ, January 18. The Intercolonial Cricket Match yesterday attracted about 2,000 spectators. The combined team made a total score of 143 in their first innings, or 23 less than Victoria. The eleven in their second innings have six wickets down for 69, and the game looks at present very even. The play to-day will no doubt be somewhat exciting. Cosstick, with 40, is at present the top scorer, and is likely to carry off the prizes for both batting and bowling. So much attention is bestowed on the Intercolonial Match, that scarcely any other matches have been fixed for to-day. The Challenge Cup Match between South Melbourne and Carlton has been postponed. The Albert Club will play a combined team of the KOBO of Richmond and Docker's-hill Clubs in the Richmond paddock and the Beaumont and Sunbury Clubs will meet on the ground of the latter. By the last mail communications were received in Melbourne from Captain Waterhouse, the assistant surveyor general of India, . inviting the photographic artists of Australia i to contribute specimens of their skill to the Sixteenth Annual Exhibition of the Bengal ' Photographic Society, to be held in January and February next, Photographs so sent must be properly mounted, but need not be framed ; carriage must be prepaid. Those exhibits which do not obtain any of the gold or silver prizes offered by the Viceroy of India, the Lieut- Governor of Bengal, or the society, may be sold for the benefit of the sender, if request to that effect be made and the price named in the letter of advice. The Pandora (five in number) for the erection of a goods shed at the railway station, Violet Town, on the North-Eastern line, were opened by the Board of Land and Works yesterday. The lowest-R. Dixon, £1,871 6s. One-way referred to the engineer-in chief. Among the many cases of supposed feigned madness at the Pentridge Stockade is that of a prisoner named Tamer. For the last two years or more his conduct has been so outrageous, that it was found necessary to have him placed under separate treatment. During the day the strictest vigilance had to be taken to prevent him from assaulting the officials, but he succeeded in doing this on several occasions. At night he was constantly visited by the sentries, who made a report of his conduct for the information of the medical officer. As there appeared to be but little hope of any change for the better, he has been transferred to the Melbourne Gaol to be under the immediate care of the chief medical officer. There were 193 births and 89 deaths registered in Melbourne and the suburbs during the week ending 21st inst. Colic and diarrhoea have been prevalent at Brunswick, but all the other districts are reported upon favour ably. A copy of the treaty entered into between the Governments of Great Britain and Belgium for the mutual surrender of fugitive criminals, is published in last night's Government Gazette. Andrew Thompson, the accountant, who had abused Mr. Steavenson, secretary of railways, at the latter's office, was brought upon remand yesterday at the City Police Court. Mr Garton, of Garton's Hotel, said that Thompson was his bookkeeper and was of steady habits, but he believed some disagree- ment had caused him to indulge in drink, under the influence of which he had committed the offence. Thompson was fined 20s., which was paid. On Boxing Night Detectives Lomax and Christie arrested in the vestibule of the Theatre Royal two men, named Joseph Brown and Joseph Harris, on a charge of being in a public place with intent to commit a felony, the detectives, who had been watch- ing them, having come to the conclusion that they were picking pockets. in the possession of the prisoners were found an opera-glass, a purse, and £2 in money. At the City Court yesterday the prisoners were remanded till Tuesday, An owner is required for the opera glass. A melancholy fatal accident occurred in the Botanical Reserve during the festivities of Boxing Day. Walter John Stephenson, a boy of seven, son of a fireman living at Emerald-hill, went to a Sunday-school feast in the Reserve, and fell into a tank from the mouth of which he had removed some boards. Another boy who saw the occurrence gave the alarm, and the deceased's body was got out after some time. The other boy, John Avery, said at the inquest held at Emerald-hill yesterday by Dr. Youl, that he was quite sure none of the boys pushed in the deceased. A labourer named Patrick Wilson dived and got the boy's body up. The tank had been covered up, and was about 20ft. deep and 20ft. long, with about 9ft. of water in it. It was perfectly safe had it not been opened by the boy. The jury found that the deceased was accidentally drowned. A youth of about 16, named Thomas Williams, was charged at the City Police Court yesterday, with breaking into and stealing from the house of Mr. William M'Millan, of Footscray, in whose employment he had been at one time. Mr. McMillan left the house on a? Christmas Day, and on returning at night found that the keyhole of the front door had been stopped up, so that he had to get in the back way. The furniture had been tumbled about, some jewellery had been stolen, and three penny and fourpenny bits amounting to several pounds had been taken from a money-box. The value of the property stolen was about £10. The prisoner, when arrested on suspicion, admitted that he was the culprit, and returned the greater part of the < property. He did not seem to feel his position ? much yesterday, and was sent to gaol for three months. Mr. Kenney, of the St. Kilda baths, informs us that on Christmas Day, at half- past 6 in the evening, his nephew picked up, between the bathing ship and the St. Kilda pier, a ? skiff's rudder and yoke, grained yellow ; a ' yoke and top part of a rudder, painted green and a footboard. On the same evening, at half-past 7, Mr. Kenny's man found, west of \-- the bathing ship, two wide-awake, one black and the other white and in the "wash," a pleasure basket containing food. Next morning there was found a meerschaum > pipe with a short stem and an amber mouth piece. Mr. Paley, the superintendent of lunatic . asylums, is at present at Ararat, and until his return to town nothing more will be done relative to the inquiry with regard to the death of the female patient at the Kew > Asylum, who was placed in the same room with another violent lunatic An instance of the manner in which half. 1 trial criminals eke out a subsistence when not \- in gaol or living on the proceeds of robbery, was afforded at the City Police Court yesterday. William Gardiner and Thomas Hennings, \- a coloured man, neither over 25 years of age apparently, were charged, on remand, with insulting behaviour, and assaulting a young woman named Mary Wilson, alias Florence v Gardiner. Both had undergone several terms of imprisonment, and were described as very \- dangerous and disorderly characters, of the class which furnishes the prime movers of the disturbances which perpetually require the interference of the police in Little Bourke-street and other low localities. "They were arrested for disorderly conduct, and Constable Bourke gave them a black character yesterday. The woman Wilson stated that a few nights ago the men saw -her change half a crown, and asked her for the money. She refused, saying it belonged to some one else, whereupon they assaulted her savagely, blackening her eyes and cutting open her face. The woman informed the Bench that Gardiner lived upon what money she got as a woman of the town, and illtreated her brutally whenever she would not give him any money she might have. The defence was, that the woman had chosen her life, and must not expect to be treated as well as her Letters, that the young man Gardiner had a respectable mother (who appeared in court dressed in black and crying), that his mother had the means to place him above need to steal, and wished to give him one more chance of reforming. It was also put forward that he was the only protection his mother now had, whereupon a magistrate truly remarked that he was more likely to injure than protect her. The woman, it was urged, had been following Gardiner about, and provoking him ever since he came out of gaol, a short while ago, because he had taken up with another woman. To show that the woman was not a witness to be appended ufj?vr it was pointed out that she was herself charged with attempting suicide, but Inspector Kabat quickly turned the argument by remarking, " No wonder, when she has to do with such people as the prisoners, and put up with their treatment." The prisoners were sentenced to six months' imprisonment each, without the option . of a fine. They had asked for a fine . because it would be paid, but this would have been punishing, not the offenders but their friends who would have found the money. Thomas Sullivan alias Thomas alias Hayes, a young man, was charged with insulting behaviour along with them, but was not concerned in the assault. During the case he turned deadly pale, and fell down in a sort of faint, but did not become unconscious, and soon recovered. He was fined 40s. or 14 days' imprisonment. The woman, who had been a witness in the case, and had attempted to jump into the Yarra because she fancied while suffering from the effects of drink that her mother was drowning, was remanded, for a week for medical treatment, on a charge of attempting suicide. A child named George Stone, aged three years, living in South Yarra, was brought to the Alfred Hospital on Christmas Day suffering from a kick from a horse in the face. Henry Plows, aged 43, a carrier living in South Yarra, was also admitted to the same institution on Christmas bay. He appears to have been driving a party to a picnic, and coming home he fell off the van, and was severely bruised about the thighs, body, and face. Mary King, aged CO, living at Prahran, was also taken to the same institution suffering from a broken arm, the result of a fall from a cab, "In view of the coming into force of the new Education Act, says the Ballarat Courier, the All Saints School, Drummond street, Ballarat, has been converted into a private establishment for the education of children. The Rev. G A. C. Innes, M.A., the incumbent of the church, will ostensibly act as head master, but the actual work of instruction will be done by Mr Henry Ellis. This is a course which, we understand, will be adopted by all the non-vested schools connected with the Church of England. They will be carried on as private schools under the supervision of the incumbents of the parishes, but the actual heads will be the present teachers." The following corrected return of the number of passengers conveyed over the Melbourne and Hobson. Bay United Railway Company's lines on Boxing Day has been furnished to us :-On Sandridge line, 12,878 on St. Kilda line, 12,209; on Hawthorn, Windsor, and Brighton line, 31,067 ; making the total number of passengers carried, 56154. A Brighton correspondent writes to us as follows:-"Can you inform me if trustees are responsible in their official capacity, and if so, to whom I am induced to put these questions by the neglected appearance of our local cemetery. Its present state is no credit to the district, and certainly reflects none on the trustees' management of the receipts." Jas. J. Twining, clerk in the employment of Mr. Stubbs, auctioneer, was further remanded for seven days by the City Bench yesterday, in accordance with the previous understand- ing to give time for the accounts to be made up with Twining's assistance. The bail was enlarged. Antonio Danzi, the Swiss who intruded upon Professor Haselmayer at the Temperance-hall on Boxing Day, and attacked the conjuror with a broomstick, was charged with assault at the City Court yesterday. He said that he had got drunk, and that some one had knocked him down and taken his boots off. He was fined 5s., with 2s. 6d. costs. The second day of the Caledonian Gather- ing, in aid of the building fund of St. Andrew's Hospital, was held yesterday. The attendance, of course, was not equal to that of the previous day, but at one time there were over 1,000 people on the ground. There was a good deal of interest evinced in the sports, and the national dances especially attracted the attention of the spectators. Amongst the principal events of the meeting was the Handicap Walk- ing Match, but the race was a hollow affair. Only two actually competed, F, Woodhouse and Mr. McGregor. The latter was allowed a 100 yards start, but Woodhouse merely played with him, and to keep up the interest of the race so timed his efforts that he came in a winner by about half-a-dozen yards only The sport of cutting the cock's head off occasioned considerable amusement The following were the winners of the principal events Quoit match, R. Richardson ; 2, J. Fairwood. Strathspeys and reels 1, D. Allan ; 2, A. M'Lennan, who were also the winners of the prizes for the Reel o' Tula Tuan on the previous day. Hop, step, and leaped, Mr. M'Grath; 2, J. Fairwood. Throwing the light hammer 1, Hickey, 92ft. 8in. ; 2, M'Gregor, 90ft. OJin. Strathspeys and reels (pipers' band only) 1, W. Jarvis ; 2, J. Bank 3 J. Grant. WalkingMatch(twomiles)-1, Woodhouse; 2, M. McGregor. Gillie Callum, D. Allan ; 2, A, M'Lennan. The latter took the first prize, as Allen, having won it on a former occasion, was disqualified. Vaulting with the Poles, J. M'Grath, 3ft. 6in.; 2, W. Thomas, 3ft. 3in. Highland Fling, for boys 1, W. Kennedy; 2, J, McKay, jun. Sean Triubhas -1, A. McLennan ; 2, J. Grant. The latter was adjudged to be first, but having taken the first prize last time was unable to receive it on this occasion. Putting the Light Stone -2, J. McGregor, 42ft 2in. ; 2, Hickey, 39ft 5in. ; V. M'Lean, 38ft, 5in. A protest was entered by M'Lean against Hickey, which will have to be considered by the committee. Tossing the Caber, J. McLean, 37ft. 6in. ; 2, J. McGregor, 26ft lin. Highland Athletics Champion-J. MGregor. The competition for the pibroch and marches, the strathspeys and reels and the championship for Highland dances, was postponed till Easter Monday. A large meeting of the congregation of All Saints' Church, East St. Kilda, was held in the schoolroom adjoining on Tuesday evening, on the occasion of the presentation of an address and purse of sovereigns to the Rev. Henry J. Edwards, late acting incumbent. Dr. Thomas Black was in the chair. After a few remarks, the chairman called upon Mr. W. W. Couche, honorary secretary and treasurer, to read the address. Before doing so, Mr. Couche stated that the subscriptions up to that day amounted to £190 10s. from 103 subscribers, and that the warmest feelings of respect and esteem for the Rev. Mr. Edwards had been expressed on all sides. The address, which spoke of the able and conscientious manner in which the rev. gentleman had conducted the services of the church and business of the parish during the time that he had officiated as acting incumbent in the absence of the Rev. J. H. Gregory in Europe, was then read, and presented, together with a purse of sovereigns, to the Rev. Mr. Edwards, who responded suitably, and with much feeling. An elegant silver inkstand was also presented by Mr. Corbett, on behalf of the members of the choir, and the meeting broke up, after a vote of thanks to the chairman. On Thursday the Loyal Orange Grand Lodge of Victoria, Tasmania, and South Australia, met at the Protestant-hall, Melbourne, and transacted a large amount of business. About 70 members were present. The following are the grand lodge officers for 1873 : Most Worshipful Grand Master, Brother R. Baker, of Ballarat ; Deputy Grand Master, Brother Davis, of Melbourne ; the Very Rev. Grand Chaplain, Brother Rev. C. Collins, of Ballarat (re-elected) ; Grand Treasurer Brother Auld, of Prahran ; Grand Secretary, Brother Watson, Melbourne. At about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon a man was found apparently dead in an empty spring cart belonging to Messrs. Hughes and Harvey, tinsmiths, Lonsdale- street east, which was in a right-of way at the rear of the firm's premises. James McIntosh in the employ of Mr. Alcock, billiard-table maker, Russell street, found the body, which was at once conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, where life was pronounced to be extinct. The body lies at the hospital awaiting identification and an inquest It is described as that of a man about 45 years of age, 5ft 8in. high, of slender build, with long dark brown hair, large brown TV system, turning guys small moustache, very feat*""*61", very^allow complexion, sharp whites' and prominent nose ; dressed in a white "maize flannel, white cotton shirt, socks, bHnel drawers grey woollen a pin, blue and black silk tie with cloth frock colt cloth pea jacket, black elastic-side shows tweed trousers and vest, belltopper hat. lead low-crowned black pawn ticket for a silvtPockets were found a Monte-de-Pióté, in BlizfRtch pledged at the 26th inst., in the name street, for £1 on season ticket by the ship BPnens . a P's' London to Melbourne, dated Bushire from 1872, and bearing the _ame^Ptomb.0r> Robinson," and description "o/'cedorick aged 48 years, third-class passage." Wße was also found in the pockets the same 17s. in silver. There were no marks or fence on the body. As usual at times when people are more intent on making merry than in watching their property, a considerable number of persons have been robbed of their watches and loose cash during the past few days. Within the last couple of days some thief or thieves got into the house of Mr. Justice Molesworth, at Hawthorn, and stole a quantity of jewellery belonging to his son-in-law, who was on a visit at the house. Referring to the rumoured resignation of Judge Rogers, the Ballarat Courier says : " Should it turn out, when the facts are officially made known, that the resignation assumes more the form of a protest than of actual retirement, and no further action should be taken upon it, we are quite sure the feeling in Ballarat and elsewhere will be one of unmixed satisfaction. Judge Rogers's large experience, of mining matters in particular, would make his retirement from the bench a great loss and it would be a difficult thing indeed to find a lawyer with similar experience, particularly of the intricacies both lay and legal of Ballarat mining to fill his place. Judge Rogers has been, and is a sort of necessity in this town and his removal to any other or more exalted position would be very much regretted. This feeling of regret would be greatly intensified, however, if it were known that his removal from Ballarat meant his retirement altogether from the judicial bench, At a time when a disposition is shown not always to recognise merit, but to appoint judges to our County Courts and Courts of Mines merely in return for political services rendered, or to reward old friendships, we cannot afford to look lightly on the resignation of well-tried and honourable judges, or regard their probable successors with complacency. The resignation of his Honour Judge Rogers, while in full mental and bodily vigour, will therefore, if carried out, be a loss to the Bench, and one of those steps which all rational and honourable minded people will deeply regret The race meeting which takes place this afternoon on the Croxton-park course should prove attractive outing to the holiday-makers. The events to be contested consist of a hurdle race, handicap trotting race, a Hat race of a mile and a half, and a selling hurdle race of two miles. The entries are good, and some excellent sport may be expected. Mr. Filgate has scratched Dolphin for the Geelong Handicap, and Contessa and Dolphin for the Geelong Cup. The Albert Park Yacht Club will not hold any sailing matches on the lagoon to- day, neither will there be any aquatic contest on the Yarra. The Exhibition was very well patronised yesterday, both in the afternoon and evening by far the greater portion of the visitors being country people. The only addition to the Exhibition yesterday was a massive side- board sent in by Mr. McLean, of St Kilda, This piece of furniture, which is in cedar and mahogany, will prove one of the most interesting features of the Exhibition. In the centre of the sideboard is a fine specimen of wood-carving, representing the meeting of Mr. Batman and the runaway seaman Buckley. The group is very spiritedly executed, the figures standing out in bold relief. The figures of the native blacks, birds, and wild animals are very faithfully represented. The carving on this piece of furniture has taken several years to accomplish. To-day it will be placed in the centre of the hall, where it will remain until the closing of the Exhibition, when it will be forwarded to London, There was a further trial yesterday of Mr Patterson's meat-preserving process, which was considered highly satisfactory. To-day there will be a concert of vocal and instrumental music both in the afternoon and evening. The Exhibition band will per- form in the afternoon, and the band of the East Collingwood Rifles in the evening. During the day, 2,322 persons visited the Exhibition, of whom 267 were season-ticket holders. How correctly the English papers estimate the condition of affairs at this end of the world is shown by a remarkable paragraph which appeared in a recent number of the Spectator :-" We hear a good deal in the papers about the Government and Parliament and finance of Fiji, which last, we need not say, is curious and confused. How long Fiji will be allowed to play at self-government we hardly know, but not long if stories such as the following, for which we believe we can vouch, continue to be told One of our Australian settlers having visited Fiji on business, was requested by two friends to go up to their country residence to dine on a given day. He was detained by business, but went the next day, when he found that both his would-be hosts had been killed and eaten the day before by the natives. Had not accident detained him on the day or which the invitation was given, instead of dining he would have been dined upon. Representative institutions can hardly be very suitable to cannibals. Cannibalistic minorities might perhaps, even demand minority members, appealing to Mr. Hare's system." He. ' * To hear a nightingale or Patti for the first time,"writeBtb,eLondonO¡>ierverin an amus- ing paragraph, is an experience too blissful to be forgotten ; but what most be the impression made on the brain of one who, for the first time in his existence, hears the terrific squeal of the pipes.' The impression made thereby upon a policeman who kept watch over the tranquillity of Georgetown, British Guiana, was so great that, ac cording to the Royal Gazette published in that colony, he immediately arrested the performer, an enthusiastic Scotch sailor, who in that distant land was solacing himself with the melodies which spoke to him of home. The officer who took him into custody declared in court that he board a load instrument blowing,' and never having seen such an instrument before, he imagined that the sailor was endeavouring to disturb the public, and accordingly arrested him. The sailor, on being asked what was his defence, replied that he had been all over the world, and his chief amusement when he came ashore lay in his native bagpipes, and that he did not know he was doing wrong in playing a tune out of doors. Had the policeman asked him he would have stopped. The magistrate thought the officer was scarcely justified in making the arrest, to which the policeman rejoined, He was blowing it very hard, sir,' Notwithstanding, however, the magistrate saw no ground for committal, and discharged the Scotchman, who received back his bag. pipes with the greatest delight." " General Adye, C.B.," it is mentioned in the English papers, " having accomplished his tour of inspection of the British graveyards in the Crimea, proceeded to Smyrna, in order to visit the English military cemetery in that town. During' his stay in the Crimea General Adye discovered. that the ashes of our heroes , of Balaclava and Sebastopol, of Alma and Inker- man, occupy no less than 132 separate burial grounds, of which many are well-preserved and securely fenced round. Others, hastily chosen among vineyards and cultivated fields, are unprotected ; but even these, it is satisfactory to learn, are respected by the Russian peasantry, and have not been objects of desecration. On Cathcart- Hill, however, some of the finest monuments have been overturned, presumably under the impression that treasure might have been buried under them." The diploma of the princely rank of the Chancellor of the German Empire, we are told by a London paper, has just been completed, It is a truly fine work of art, consisting of three pages, the first of which is occupied with the blazon of the prince's armorial bearings, the text being contained on the two remaining folios. In the centre of the first page are the arms of the house of pismarck-namely, a trefoil of oak leaves. A the right and left stand- two heralds, oiling the arms of Alsace and Lorraine ; heavy surrounding border are portrayed of Free Danish and Austrian flags, a sheaf The cross. standards being placed above, suspended"! AlSen any of Koeniggratz are standards, authors Danish and Austrian France rougher Iron Cross from those of Emperor of Ge> bears the portrait of the of columns, and to; Te border is formed senting the Arc downcast as. 'repre Ports, and the basement? de 11Et0,1° m decorated with the Iron?! the columns are nated in the colours off and ü}*T' German Empire. Asia and the says the Spectator :-" A lady . . is published in The Times gives anTe J though somewhat sensational, account j g* accident in the Mont Cenis tunnel on t? an October. The French train was just in" XCth centre, when it ran into a goods train whit,, bad, we presume, been delayed by overload ing, the amount of goods traffic being amazing-the engine burst, temporarily destroying the perfect ventilation of the tunnel, and several passengers were killed. The remainder were detained for five hours without light, and with insufficient air, and in momentary expectation of injury from engines sent for their relief, an expectation shared by the officials. The train was at last extricated, and the accident, of course, was no worse than any other tunnel accident; but so deeply bad the imagination of the passengers been struck by the horror of being crashed in the centre of the earth, as it were, that when they arrived again at Modane, women fainted, men wept, and many of both sexes were too prostrated to walk, and will not recover for months. As it chanced the present writer passed through the tunnel exactly four hours before the accident. The distance was traversed in 21 minutes, and so perfect was the absence of smoke or smell that the windows were never closed." A cricket match which is likely to attract a considerable number of spectators is to be played on the Melbourne ground on Monday. The players who will take part in it are all members of the theatrical profession, and they will appear in the cricket field in the costumes which they ordinarily assume only on the boards of a theatre. In some mysterious manner, the match is to assume a triangu- lar" shape, but how this principle can be applied to cricket, the announcements of the promoters do not explain. The proceeds of the match are to be devoted to the completion of another of the dramatic almshouses. There was another crowded house at the Theatre Royal last night. The pantomime of "Riquet with the Tuft" was performed for the second time, and very well received by the audience. The splendid scenery provided by Mr. Hennings and his brother artists was highly enjoyed by the audience. The silly allusion to a rival theatre was very sensibly eliminated from the introduction. Following the usage adopted in the London theatres, the harlequinade is cut some what shorter than has been usual in Melbourne, to the great relief of the grown- up portion of the audience, while the fun was fast and furious enough to amply satisfy the children. The Prince of Wales Theatre was again well patronisedlostevening. The pantomime of "Blue Beard" was extremely well received, and promises to repay the enterprise of the management by a long and successful run. The beautiful transformation scene excited the most enthusiastic applause from the audience, and Mr. Habbe received a well deserved call. In the harlequinade the burlesque Parisian quadrille caused great laughter. The music performed by the excellent orchestra, under the leadership of Mr. Levy, contributed not a little to the success of the entertainment The new entertainment given last night by Mr. Harry Rickards at the Apollo Hall, Eastern Arcade, was well attended. Mrs. J. B. Fox sang several pieces during the evening with great sweetness. Madame Cora de Lamond's entertainment of feats of skill and legerdemain, which was repeated last night at St. George's Hall, drew a very fair attendance. The talented and pleasing manner in which Madame Lamond, aided by her sister, performed her programme of really wonderful and deceptive tricks, was well appreciated by the audience, who frequently expressed their satisfaction by applause. Professor Haselmayer introduced an entirely new programme of tricks to his audience last evening at the Temperance hall. Like all of those attempted by this clever magician, they were performed with an entire absence of mechanical contrivances. Some of the new tricks were remarkably ingenious, and equal to any which have been exhibited here. The mysterious knowledge possessed by the aerial bell is certainly marvellous, and, if possible, surpasses that of the goblin drum. It can add figures correctly, accompany dance music played on the piano, indicate the number thrown by dice, and do many other equally surprising things, Last evening a new version of the inexhaustible' bottle trick was performed with great success. The professor, from a transparent glass decanter filled with water, supplied his audience with wine, whiskey, milk, ink, and all the other liquids usually produced from the familiar black bottle of other necromancers. The difficult operation of transforming bits of black and white paper into excellent hot coffee, and raw potatoes into white sugar, was accomplished with the greatest ease. Making an omelet in a gentleman's black hat, finding coins in lemons and marked pieces of paper in the centre of candles, were amongst the other tricks exhibited. The professor's musical performance on his peculiar instrument, the Btylocarfe, was encored. This afternoon a performance will be given, commencing at 2 o'clock, to which the orphan children of Melbourne are invited free of charge. There will, as usual, be a performance in the evening. The name of Mr. Powning, who was appointed as one of the secretaries of the Kane Memorial on Tuesday, was misspelt Po wring. We have received handsomely illuminated calendars for the year 1873 from the following firms Messrs. K Whitehead and Co., 87 Collins-street east ; Messrs. Cook and Fox, 58 Queen-street ; Mr. B. Needham, 164 Bourke-street east and Mr. Robert Mackay, 15 Collins street west The usual weekly meeting of the committee of management of the Immigrants' Aid Society was held yesterday, at the home. Prince's bridge. Present-Messrs. Dickson, Oliphant, and Griffiths ; Mr. Dickson in the chair. The state of the home was reported as follows Number remaining last week, 418 ; admitted since, 104 ; discharged, 101 ; died, 1 (James Patrick Murray, aged 45, native of Ireland ; remaining, 420, comprising 242 men, 96 women, and 74 children. Of the men 69 are sick or infirm, 10 stonebreaking, 131 oakum-picking, c, and 12 working outside. Of the women, 16 are sick or infirm, 12 in the laundry, 4 at needlework, 159 hair-teasing, dc, and 3 working on tulle. Outdoor relief has been given to 23 families or 91 individuals, on presenting the relief cards of the society. 