THE MERCURY. THURSDAYMORNIÑO, APRIL 11, WS. The Main Line Railway has been the general subject of conversation for the last few days, and there is something gratifying in the more assured tone in which men discuss the probabilities of the future. On the construction of this Line the people of the Southern side of the Island have, as a rule, for a long time built their hopes of renewed energy and enterprise ; and the somewhat doubtful prospects of our obtaining a Line under the scheme recently sanctioned by Parliament had a very depressing effect, making all the more welcome the more cheering tidings received. There have been vigorous efforts made by a few short-sighted people to alarm the public as to the probable consequences of the Line in depreciating the value of property, an assumed rate having been repre- sented as imminent in order to meet the interest of the cost of construction. These depreciatory efforts have had very little effect on public opinion, and when the idea was taking hold of the public mind that the Company were not likely to sign the contract, several of those who had been frightened by the bugbear of a pro- perty rate, expressed their regret at the coun- tenance they had given the opposition, con- sidering the certain evils arising out of a continuance of our present stagnation more to be feared than the problematical iii jury to property from the construction of a railway represented as likely to be so little reproduc- tive. At any rate, the very near approach of the commencement of the work has called forth a wonderful unanimity of satisfaction, which may probably reach to those out of the world places that lately reminded us of their existence by adopting resolutions emanating from the fitting atmosphere of New Norfolk. The piti- ful jealousy that cannot be concealed on the purt of a noisy section of the people of the North has scarcely had time to recover from its surprise and to howl forth its ominous forebodings, but we Bhall, doubtless, have an outpouring of that jaundiced discontent that finds gratification in destroying the character and credit of the Colony. But old fogeydom that has long found its only resting place near the junction of the North and South Esk, is likely to be rudely disturbed, and to cry out accordingly. The Colony will be able to bear the infliction, and the hope of the good time coming will only make contemptible the whinings of habitual croakers. The South has never participated in the little-minded jealousy which has been long offensively obtruded on public notice by a section of the people of the North, to the annoyance of the right thinking portion of their number, who havo bitterly complained against being held responsible for the foolish sayings of their self constituted advocates. There is in North as well as South sufficient recognition of a common interest that in tho now more hopeful circum- stances may lead to some alleviation of the burden that threatens to weigh like a millstone round the neck of tho western district. Some general proposition seems now likely. What it may be it is scarcely fitting that wo should dis- cuss while the district allows a few busy bodies to placo it in a state of antagonism to the law. When that spirit and the evil policy it lead« to are abandoned, the course of Parliament and Government will be relieved of much of its difficulty, and we may yet hope to see carried out a national system of railways, with feeders tapping the principal districts that now consider themselves overlooked. Tlie hopes that spring from the cortainty of tho early commencement of the Main Line Railway aro not sufficient to still all anxious inquiries nu to the relative positions of tho Colony and Company ; and the fears that in the bargain the Company has been more successful in protecting its interests than has the Colony, receive coun- tenance from the very one-Bided bargain between the Colony and the Submarino Cable Companys who had ceded them terms positively dangerous to the public interest, and which the Cable Company do not scruple to exercise. Wo hesitate not to say that were the Colony to be placed as completely in the hands of the Com- pany as it is at the mercy of a self-inflated I official at Low Heads and of his representations to the directors, we would rather bind ourselves to another scoro years of the present anti- quated modos of locomotion than lift a finger to further the Railway. But the example of the evils of the powers and terms ceded the Cable Company has not been lost on Parliament and Government in tho contract with the Main Line Railway Company, and the contract has boen so framed that Parliament and Government can always exercise a strict control ovor tho Company ; and in no instance has anything that should bo matter of arrange- ment been loft to the discretion of the Company. A good deal of misconception, however, seems to exist as to the torms, and it may thorofore not be out of place to recapitulate the more important details. It must not be understood that the Company aro to be entitled under any circumstances to interest on the full sum of £660,000. They will have to show vouchers for every penny ex- pended. If the actual-cost of the Line should exceed £050,000, that is entirely a consideration for the Company. The Colony does not pay intorest on a shilling beyond the sum limited. If on the other hand tho cost of the Line does not amount to £000,000, tho Colony will only have to pay interest on the money actually ex- pended. It was on this account that we sup- ported tho proposal to cede them the right to pass through the Domain. If in addition to a bettor access, a s&ving; of £40,000 can be effected, we seo no reason why the Colony should not savo the intorest on that sum. Kooping tho Domain intact would not be an equivalent. That some check on the expenditure of the Company is contemplated, ia shown by the Government retaining in their service Mr. Kemp, who as pro- fessional Commissioner on the Launceston and Wettern Railway has made biauelf to pbnpxiom ' to the Company by bia determined regard for the interests of the Colony. Bad as matters are with that undertaking, they would have been worse but for Mr. Kemp's surveillance. Return- ing to the question of interest, we find that the Colony is to pay interest during the time of con- struction, quarterly, as the Company place money required for the work in a bank. Before a payment of interest is made the Company have to produce to the GovKB|roR,or others authorised by hini, vouchers showing that the money has been actually exponded iu tho construction of the Line, and no interest will be paid during construction, on sums less than £25,000. After the completion of the work the Colony íb to guarantee the stipulated interest, five per cent, for 30 years. The Colony does not of necessity pay the full amount guaranteed. The Company have to render an abstract of their receipts and expenditure, and the profits, if any, on working the Line have to be calculated as a part of the interest, the Colony making up tho deficiency. Tho Company are not, as in the case of the Cable Company, sole judges of the staff required, and expenses of working. The Colony has a right of control, and it is doclnred in the contract that " no sum shall be payable for guaranteed interest for any period during which the Company do not continue to maintain and work the said Line of Railway in an efficient manner so as to afford all sufficient station accommodation and due facilities for the passenger and goods traffic of every portion of the Line." So that, should the Company at any time fail in their part of tho con- tract, they have no claim on the Colony ; and in the event of any dispute the Company are not to be judges of'what is right or what is wrong, nor can they drag the Colony before an English law Court, for the Company must, before being entitled to demand interest, " be incorporated in Tasmania, or otherwise mado capable of suing, and being sued, in Tasmania." In another matter the Company are subject to stringent obligations, and such as will be all tho moro appreciated in the Colony, considering how long they have kept back from signing the contract. They cannot be equally dilatory in completing the Line, for they are bound to commence operations within six months after the date of the contract-that is, within six months from the 11th ultimo'; and having commenced, to diligently prosecute operations so as to have the Line opened for traffic within four years from the date of the contract. Thus the trains must be running by J lth March, 187C, " under a penalty of £20 for every day's delay beyond that period, unless it can bo shown that the delay has arisen from strikes or other cir- cumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Company." '. The careful wording of the Contract does not end with providing for the opening pt the Railway. The future working of it cannot be merely nominal. Four trains must run daily along the entire length of the Lino ; two from each terminus to the other ; such trains to bo " of such capacity, and to start at such hours, as the Governor may from time to time determine, having reference to tho exigencies of a single Line of Railway, and the general convenience in the working of the Railway, as well as regards the Company as the public." The speed is also provided for, the minimum average of the one train each way being 23 miles an hour-that is, including stoppages, which will make the average Bpeed when travelling 28 miles. Ton miles is fixed for the minimum of the other train, being that intended for goods. In tho matter of cable messages, we are entirely at the mercy of that Company ; not so as regards tho pasBonger fares and freight of goods by the Railway. The maximum rate for first-class passengers is 3d. per mile ; for second-class 2d. ; equal to 30s. and 20s. respectively, between Hobart Town and Launceston. Tho rates for goods are not to exceed those charged on the Victorian Railways. Other provisions contained in the contract and schedule might be enumerated showing a prudent consideration for the public interest ; and if there be in connection with the contract anything to surprise us, it is that the Company should have ceded such favourable terms to the Colony in constructing and working tho Line. Want of taste on the part of certain legal prac- titioners has frequently been the cause of unfor- tunate Court " scones," which have neither addod to tho dignity of our Law Courts nor to the professional standing of tho persons occa- sioning the unpleasantnesses. Civil growls and humorous banter amongst legal gentlemen, whon engaged in their profession, aro oxcnsnblo, as the indulgonco of theso proclivities has been so gonoral that thoy have become almost second naturo to British lawyers ; but the practice of taking advantage of a privileged position in a Law Court to insult or attempt to injure the fair fame of a fellow professional, is an act so mean and cowardly that the more perpetration of it has invariably redounded to tho discredit and disgrace of the person attempting it. We have hod instances of this kind of thing in theso Colonies as well as at home, but thoy have almost without excoption been confined to tho " meaner" and moro obscure members of a profession which includes in its ranks bo many gentlemen of honour and ability. It is, there- fore, a matter of considerable regret that a, gentleman holding the premier position in the legal profession in England should have so far forgotten himself, and so utterly have lost sight of the responsibilities of his office, as to break through considerations of propriety and good feeling, and demean himself by insinuatingly attributing to brother profes- sionals of equally high and honourable station, motives and actions of tho basest character. The Tichborne caso will bo romombored in years to come as tho cause celebre of thuninetoonth contury, and in connection with it the name of Sir John Coleuidok, Attorney-Goneral, will bo perpetuated by his lengthy and powerful address for the defence, extending as it did over twenty six days. It was the opportunity, probably of a life time, and the learned gontleman availed himself of it, but the effect of his able address was considerably marred by the ill-advised drop ping of a few injudicious words on the eighteenth day of his celebrated deli vera tico. After referring to the fact of two legal gontlomen having severed their connection with the pluintiffs case, for reasons known to themselves, and to a certain letter written by the plaintiff, the Attorney General denounced him as " a rank, a gross, and an nrraut imposter." This may havo been perfectly in accordance with the learned gentle- man's convictions,but ho followed it up by Baying that " those who conduotod the plaintiff's case in tho face of tho arguments pressed upon thom thus, and in face of those demonstrations, must not complain if by and by it should bo pointed out that although it was the duty, tho great and sacred duty, of mouthers of tho profession to which he belonged to defend by all legitimate arguments any case whioh might be entrusted to them, and, although no man would stand up more indignantly than ho should against the imputation which was sometimes ignorantly cast upon the Bar and others in tho profession of the law, that they should not defend persons whom thoy thought wero guilty or of whoso guilt they had a suspicion-yet he would maintain that the duty of counsel in assisting in tho prosecu- tion of fraud was a very different thing indeed, and ho would say that lawyers, whoever they might bo, who, after demonstrations of the iniquity, the injustice, and fraudulent character of a claim-if these characteristics were demon- strated, to (heir minds, lent tUenuelvM still to the prosecution of that claim, they made them- selves accomplices in the crime which they helped forward." These sentiments may be regarded merely as the expression of abstract principles which should guide every honest minded gentleman of the profession, but they conveyed an insinuation of fraud on the part of the legal advisers of the plaintiff, which met with severe criticism from the English press, anddidnot escape the notice of the gentlemen who regarded their conduct as being impugned. Mr. Sergeant Ballantine replied strongly and feelingly to the Attorney-General's remarks, but his language was courteous and inoffensive, and intended only as a vindication of his own conduct as the leading counsel for the plaintiff. Mr. Giffard, Q.C., another of the plaintiffs counsel, defended himself from the observations of the Attorney General, which he said " would produce upon the mind of everyone that it was an insinuation against the members of the bar who were opposed to him, the Attorney-General." Both of these gentlemen enjoy the confidence of the English people, as being honourable members of the legal profession, and the insinuations of the Attorney-General are not likely to injure them. The Globe, speaking of the passage of arms, says :-" To attempt to cost a slur' upon the oharacter of the opposing counsel appears to be an eccentric mode of benefiting the cause of one's own client. This course of procedure is, however, not without precedent - in remote country courts, where obscure practitioners obey the questionable adage, ' When you have a bad case abuse the opposite attorney.' Coming, how- ever, from the Attorney-General of England, who for the time one sees exercised in no other employment, who boasts of the "goodness " of his case, and declares that he is actuated solely by a desire to uphold the dignity of a great and honourable profession, the observations mado by Sir John Coleridge on Wednesday appear to be singularly ill-judged, and must, of course, be attributed to a temporary aberration or sus- pension of Bound judgment, occurring at the fag end of a twenty-one days' spooch." The example set by Sir John Coleridge is one which would have done but poor credit to the most obscure attorney, much less a gentleman who boastfully referred to himself as being " the head of a great and honourable pro- fession." To maintain that position worthily the Attorney-General of England must change his tactics, and " assume a virtue if ho havo it not." Legal gentlemen havo frequently thrown themselves open to reproof by their want of respect in Law Courts, and the very fact of their having unduly exercised their privileged position there to impugn the character and motives of others has done more to detract from the dignity of those institutions than they gene- rally imagine. Vice-Reoal Visit to the Cascades.-His Excel- lency yesterday, accompanied by Mrs. Da Cane, visited the Cascades Pauper Establishment and House of Correction for females. Thoy arrived ut 11 o'clock in the forenoon, and wore met by tho Hon. Mr. Wilson, Premier. Mr. Du Cane inspected every branch of the establishment. Ho first visited the training school for boys, whon thoy were put through their evolutions and careful inquiries mado as to their progress. Their writing was inspected, and His Excelleuoy was much pleased with the caro bestowed on tho httlo fellows. He next visited the femalo prisoners und inspected their wards. His Excellency then passed to that portion of the buildings nlloted to tbo malo paupers, and carefully examined their wards, satisfying himself us to their treatment. Having completed his internal inspection His Excel loncy proceeded to tho grounds outside and inspected tho agricultural arrangements and works, and ex- pressed his admiration of tho management and effects of the liquid manure applied, the whole crops bearing a most luxurious appuirunco. His Excellency was much gratified with tho manner in which oro carried out all the operations in connection with tho nun cultural departmont, mort of which have boon devised by Mr. Wilson. Whilo His Excellency was making his inspection, Mrs. Du Cane mado a careful and patient inspection of the whole female establish- ment, having boan specially attentive to the invalid old women, who oxpresscd themselves glad to see her again, and whom she mado glad by considerate kindnesses. Tho visit left on tho minds of tho visitor's a very favourable impression. The Barracks.-Wo understand that the Execu- tive Government, having considered the tenders lodgod for renting portions of the Barrack buildings, have resolved not to accept any ot them. Tho furthor consideration of tho " disposal "' of tho Barracks will, we presumo, bo now allowed to uwait the decision of Parliament. The German IsmionANTS.-The timo for whieh the immigrants were to be kept on board tho German immigrant ship Eugenio, uftor hor arrival in port, oxpires on Friday at noon. As a very largo proportion of them remain still unemployed, thoy will bo romovod on Friday afternoon to tho Depot in Liverpool-streot, formerly occupied us the Female Hospital. Walch's Litkiiahy Intellioknceu for April con- tains an intelligent article " On the use of school books," the writer promising to notice some branches of tho subject in a futuro numbor. The concluding paragraph of the article is as follows :-"It is generally found that where a rule is good, its applica- tion is almost unlimited ; nnd so, we believe, our general maxim, that tbo true use of school hooks is to mako the most of the smallest number, will bo found'to extend moro widdy than to tho daily routine of a school boy's losson. What if our higher education in this colony should be injured for want of adherence to this maxim ? Ts it not possiblo that our examinations for degrees, exhibitions,nnd scholarships mightbe carried on moro satisfactorily if n few suhjoctK, completely mastered, were demanded from the candidate, instead of tho imposing array which ¡snow presented to his notice ?" Large additions to Walch and Sons' stock of bound volumes of magazines, now and standard books, aro announced. Defective Maoistkiiial Powers.-Tt often occurs that the time of the Police Court is employed by tho most paltry cases of abuse, assault, and such like ; and tho facility with which parties can havo recourso to the law, to " pull " their neighbours (a» it is called), in some respects helps them to mako tools of thu court to carry out purposes of spite. Tho attention of the magistrates was yesterday occupiod for a long time in hearing two paltry cases, ono-for using insulting lnnguago, nnd tho other for assault ; tho latter being of so trumpery a naturo that tho defen- dant was only fined ona shilling and costs, which fully met the ends of justice ; but tho Police Magistrate lamonted that the state of the law was such that tbe bonoh had not, in suoh cases, powor to hind over both parties to keep tho peaco, which would havo the effect of checking the readiness of people to run to the Pnlico Court and lay informations whoro thov had little or no reason. Wo quito agree with His Worship, and havo frequently takon occasion to express tho some opinion. Toll Bah Evariov.-Yesterday tho trnstnos of the now Huon Road, proseouteil n man named Tracey, for evading toll at tho Leslio bnr, by turning half adozon cows nnd a horso off tho road, and going across tho bush, instead of facing tho toll.collector. As the complainnnt stated to the Police Court bench that there was no desire to press for a heavy penalty, tho object being morely to let it be understood that the toll must be paid, tho magistrate tot off tho defendant with s mitigated penalty of five shillings. We must say, considering the magnificent road provided for general convonionco, thora is no excuse for porsons endeavouring to ovado the reasonable toll cxactod, and it is to ho hoped tho caso yesterday will havo a deterrent effect on others. Admitted to the Hospital.-Last evoning n man named Richard Thomas, aged 42,° was in tho Eagle- hawk Hotel, Elizabeth-street, when ho was suddenly seized with vomiting blood. He was immediately conveyed in a car to the hospital, whore he was seen by Dr. Turnley. Earlier in the day a little boy named John Bernall was taken to the hospital with a cut in his foot about two inches long, which had horn caused by a log of wood falling on his loft foot whon playing in tho yard of his parents' house. AofliiAVATKn Assault.-About sovon o'clock last ovoning Mr. Joseph Bidencopo, tho well-known tailor of Murray-slroot, was violently ussuuKnd in his own establishment by a Mr. Hoathanto, against whom Mr. Bidoncopo rocently instituted proceedings for debt. Tho occurrence attracted betweon two and threo hundred spectators, and will, it is understood, bo the subject of ulterior measuros, us tho assault necessitated Mr. Hidcncopo's medical advisor boing consulted. Sale of Cornhill--The valuable agricultural estate of "Cornhill," Sorell, consisting of about 915 acres of arable land situate on the banks of the Sorell Rivulet, was sold yesterday by Messrs. Roberts and Co. at their auction mart, Murray-street. There was a good attendance, and after somo spirited competition it was knocked down to tho bid of Mr. James Bett for £4,253. Mr. Bett was acting as agent for Mr. Edward Marshall of Mayfield, Sorell. It will be seen from the foregoing that the average price amounts to £4 12s lOJd. per acre. Tenders fou Works at Hamilton.-The Hamil- ton Board of Works invito fondera for works on tho Marlborough road, tho road between Bronte and tho boundary of tho South Longford district, and ropairs to tho bridgo over tho Ouso at Espio's Ford. Tenders to be sent in by Monday, the 20th inat. Toweu Hill Comi'ANY. - An extraordinary general meeting of the ahareholdera of tho Tower [{ill Quart! Mining Company, will bo held at the Company's Office, on T»«M*y Btxt, at 8 p.m, Tins Porlio Library.-In our issue of tho Oth January we enumerated tho contents of some valuable presentations which had been made to this institution by the home Government. These have lately como to hand ; with the following additional presentations from the Admiralty, which will, wo have no doubt, prove of \alue to those interested in shipping:-Tho Australian Directory, 6 vols. ; China Sea Direotory, 4 toIb. ; Now Zealand Pilot ; Vancouver's Island ditto ; North Sea ditto, 1871 ; Danish ditto ; Adriatic ditto ; China ditto ; WcBt India ditto ; St. Lawrence ditto ; South American ditto ; African ditto ; Hindo- stán ditto ; Black Sea, ditto ; Gulf of Aden, ditto ; Channel Islands ditto, 1870; Channel _, Pilot. Admiralty list of lights for the following places in 10 volumes, corrected to January 1S71, viz :-United States of Amorioa ; South Africa, East Indies, China, Japan, Australia, Tiismania.and New Zealand ; North and West coasts of France, Spain, and Portugal ; West, S. and S. E. eousts of Africa ; North Sea, Baltic, aud White Sea ; British Islands ; British North America ; Mediterranean, Black nnd Azof Seas, and Gulf of Sutz; West India Islands; South America and West coasts of North America ; South and East coasts of Newfoundland. Seaman's Guide to Straits of Banca and Gaspar. Outlying islands S. and S. E. of New Zealand. Sailing directions for the following places-West coast of England, Bristol Channel, coast of Ireland, West coast of Scotland, Weat coasts of France, Spain, nnd Portugal, S. E. coast of Nova Scotia and Bay of Fundy, Candia or Crete, the Red Sea. The above are accompanied by over one hun- dred Admiralty Charts. Tho Royal Archtoological and Ossianic Societies have sent their transactions ; and to the trustees of the British Museum the institution is indebted for a valuable series, viz :-Catalogue of Greek and Etruscan vases in the British Museum ; guide to the Mollusca by J. 13. Gray ; Catalogues of Seals and whales ; ditto, with supplement ; Gunther'« Catuloguo of Fishes, 8 vols. ; Catalog uo of Apodal Fish by Dr. Kaup ; ditto, Sea Pens, by Gray ; ditto, Lithophytes or Stony Corals ; ditto, Recent Echinidii or Soa Eggs; ditto, Lophohranchiato Fish ; Catalogue of Fish by Gronow. A guide to Prints in British Museum ; ditto, Autograph Letters, Manuscripts, Oiiginal Charters, &o.; ; ditto, Printed Books. The British Museum New Reading Room. From the Cobden Club the second series of their essays was received by yesterday's mail ; and two presentations have been made by lato visitors, viz : Sturt's Expedition into Central Australia, 2 vols. ; from John Alger Esq., of S> dney ; and memories of the late Walter Powell of Melbourne, from Mrs. Fitzroy Kelly, of London. Kanoauoo Point.-This place still maintains its attractive character for tho citizens and their families, who take advantage of tho steamers big and little for their " periodical outings." Apropos of steamers, wo shall soon have no lack of those conveniences, bb, in addition to those already on tho ferry, and the launch of Mr. Oldham, which we presume will be available for traflio across the river, there is talk of another now nullor for tho same trade. In fact it is on the stocks, and bus been for a couple of months, and is therefore in a state of forwardness. Them are again signs of activity in the quarrying line. Mr. WigginB has a number of hands employed on tho upper quarry (late Pitfield's) of which he is tho lessee, and large blocks of white stone and some very hard stone, admirably adapted for korbing, havo been quarried and carted into town, some of it for tranmiBsion to Launceston, in addition to that required for shipment to Melbourne, The people connected with the Mission Church'hiive their annual commemoration next week, whon the usual tea meeting will take place, and a novelty for that occasion in tho shape of a programme of music is on the tapis.-Communicated. Playing with Powder-Boys will indulge in the dangorous practice of playing with powder, till experience furnishes them a lesson, whioh gouerally proves lusting. Yesterday morning a boy named William Solomon, aged 15, and residing with his paronts in Bathurst-streot, was standing close to his elder brother, who was amuBÚIg himself by pouring gunpowder from a bottle into the fire The powder ignited, and that ia tho bottle exploded, smashing tho bottle, a piece of glasB from which struck the younger boy in tbo right hand, causing a wound between tbo fingor and thumb. The injury was dressod at the hospital. Orchestral Union.-Tho seventeenth concert will be given at the Town Hull un Tuesday evening noxt, when Auber's " Fra Diavola," Bothoven's Choral Symphony, and miscellaneous selections will compose the programme. 