OUll BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. "ur»-i..wo iigniu in cuugi'uiu mie mo oomumtco of tho Ladios ;Beuevoleut Society- iipou the successful uiannm' in ' which they havo tiVavi- iiged the rill'airs of riii Iustitution, which .being of a purely elceinosynaTy; character, and dependent upon individual exertions, and iudividual generosity, renders the self-im posed task more difficult to fulfil in a hmniier \- satisfactory to the donors and to tho reci pients. The Committee have hitd, during the past year, no ordinary difficulties to eontcud . with; scarcity of money, general dulness of business, and heavy calls upon the purses of tho community made for furthering various legitimate objects, compelled many, most un willingly, to withho'd that assistance which . they, in past times, cheerlully. afforded. It was therefore only by tho most strenuous exertions that the Committee were enabled at the expiration, of their 'official yeai', to say to the public ' the Society isstill prosiierous.'' We find by the report that the numbers of adults relieved last- year were si igl illy below, and the number of children eousidoralilv iu excess of those assi&ted; Hie year before, while . 170 more tickets were, issued. , This would go to show that a large number of men had wandered from the -district 'to' Beek work on the various mineral fields, and had left their wives and children behind . them, .without re- mittiDg to, them the nccessarj' means of sup port. Tho report- further . informs; us that "several Swedish and Danish families had been on the books during the year on aceounfc of their being uiiable 'to proenro euiplpyment upon their arrival in tlie. coldnv." Here then we find-that our ngeuts must '.b'aye forwarded to us a description ol' immigrant: totally lin- suited to the recpiirements of the colony; both men and women hiust -'have'-beeu physi cally incapable, or so utterly ignorant of even , the most minor duties of .hibor, as to be fit i'or nothing. So carelesB are our hgent8 in their selection of immigrants,' that' tlipy do not exercise .their judgment in rejecting those of an improper stamp ; thus we flud: that tho labor market is wretchedly supplied witli -jjsplul men, and our Benovp- leut, Iustitutiou becomes hampered, and .tho really destitute UU<1 sink . .suffer, because the funds lire appropriated to' the. assistance of those who, in the first place, never ought to have been here at all, and who in the second, fail to obtain employment because they demand the same rates of- wages -as those asked by able bodiod and useful men. The Committee of our only charitable socioty pre thus placed in a peculiar and' somewhat painful position — although we cannot help thinking that 'their course of action iB clearly jmarked put, without there being auy abso- juto necessity to depart from it. Ahljough labor is Bparco, and ns a cousoqueuce, particu larly with regard to female servauts, iri'ost ex travagantly remunerated, still there are al ways ptauy tp bp found, both males and females, who wijl not work if thoy can avoid it, and who would rather oaf about aud live upon the charily of the public, thuu put their shoulders to tho wheel. These and others who wander from the fields of labor, where thoy can earn honest livelihoods by tho sweat ; of their brows, to wallow, if wo may so say, jn the very depths of iniquity, aro we assert, pot fit objects for relief, and ought to be sternly and steodlly refused assistance when- j over they apply for it. We havo uoiiii ig, in our y.ouug sooiety, to, spare for drones and j wasps ; ivo have' nhvays necessarily among ' us numbers qftiged, infirm, nuil siek ; we bevo . aijyay.'ltlesercedchililt'eu and helpless' orphnes, . .aiid t'Yese, and ihcse only, n--o cho proper per- I sinki to « eiievo aud nss'xi; ; aod if tho fmuL col'ecied w th so_ qipeh . dhliciili-yw.ers .e:-. : pended : on.- tiiom, wo a.o .pretty coufiiieut 'tlut fo»T)&eW; ptioas: . to „ t.ho.„. Ee»0-V.olenii . &6... ciety would bo more general. Erorn , what we k-iow ttud. Aom wlntu we boar, vbo 'Swed'sp and Dairlsh famiiies referrod to had no i lc'.yo whr.ieve.' u;.>oo the rV <«>»»» 'tics of I '0 Co.nm'uce ; th'e-o is such a consiitot dcaia"d .fo: .Ichor, that eve-w i-i:ro who has thews a-.ul smews, a always ohcniu o'l'ployue.ic of some kind- o-' other. Dut what do wo ti uVtbese eom- pa "at" ve\v useless Swedes and .Danes demand from employers rates of wages far beyond their desserts, and I'athe.' thau take loss, sit down aiid cat tho bread of idleness, en- -troncb themselves in a position which tho Society enables them to tako up, to the ex clusion of move deserving objects of charity, and where., they, stand independent and dofv us.'j i ITof 'assert, andV wo are quite confident tiiat the ' opinion ofv.iho town will bo witii us, that the Committee do- not exert a wise discretion when they help" such people as these, and, in fact, that they, misappropriate money .'which was gdvcu to bo applied to special aud broadly defined pur-; poses. To bestow it upon tlio strong, the healthy, and, tlio .lazy, turns the whole nctious of tho; fSoeiety into iwhat may; :be;, called a charlfdlilo farce. W e know lio\v hard it musl be for ladies who hnvetondur hearts, generous sympathies, and kindly feelings, to refuse e man or a woman a loaf of bread to eat, or a blauket ,to lio;upoii, but; as dispensers of ' .a 11...' fn iyammw /mi(« iMVn ' nhniftf ft.n. UlU I lL j .UUtiUllUU wu i.J, uuw wuu vw()ov,t, umu one object onlyjwe. cbusider tliatpiot a penny ought to bo; spent for -any othev .purpose. Tlie report says " The Danish ; nnd Swedish families hart been on tho books iieenuso !iliey could not. procuroA suitable employineut,". Now, Avhciiiiin'migrants arrive iu the colony wc liohl they hrtyc ho right to:lic cpieures Lj. labor, and to choose only such as may suit their inclinations;:.', beggars, must not bo choosers, and it is tlio height of absurdity for new comers, when they aro quite useless, save KB more laborers— and thou bad ones — not only to select tlicir employment, but to ask fancy prices. . If they cannot obtain s2l per. woolc with board aud lodg ing, let them accept 15s. ; if- they- cnnuol; obiaiu 10s., lei theni accept -10s., which last sum they steadily .refuse, and hold out tor the orthodox twenty shillings.: It is ccrlaiu howover that whatever wages they may get, thoy are as .mueh as. liiey are really worlli, and more than any weekly stipend they can obtain' from the Ddnevolent Spcictv.- As a proof that good' labor hero always commands its price, we may point to. the pay.;given to the South Sea Islaudcr, after he>has been in tlio colony for a year or two; we kno\y many instances where thoy are earning' tlicir 15s and theiv 17s.' 6d. it week; with ' board ; aud lint a week since a, case was brought uuclcr our' notice- where an Islander who wns earning his I5s. a week, was offered 5s. a week more to go on to a station. . And si ill no immigrants come .into tlio country, ;and sliil tlio Exeter- hall-ites "aiid other such '' nil .- ul" nb- surdities about tlioso unfortunata slaves' who aro compelled, at tho point ' of tlio lasli (!), to labor in the sugar and . cotton plantations of Queensland. Tlie fact men tioned in tho report of tlie lather of .a -family dying on an immigrant ship was a sad ono, and to assist tlio widow wns' perfectly right and legitimate, fttul it is iu order that such cases should bo attended to, that we exclaim ngniust helping able-bodied men -with families, who, because they cannot obtain what I hoy 1-hinn they are worth, wili accopt nothing, but that which is doled out of tli'em' "by the liaucl. of charily. Wo have no iuteut'ion to find fault with tlio Cdmniitlee; we arc simply suggesting that the money they collect slioul'd be spent legitimately Tlie town is under lien v.y and lasting obligations to th oso ladies, 'who,.. with'. an carqestness and williuguess be» ,,yond all enrthly .rewnrd; dedicate .tneir time and subject themselves to aunoyauces and ; criticisms iii order to fulfil »: " Thoso primnl duties wliieh sliino aloft liko sttirs. The chiirilios -that sbol.lie, and heal, and bless." and which are indeed "scattered at tho feot o? men as plentiful as flowers." Hie sufferings that have been alleviatod.j the miseries Jtliat. have been sootlied, and. tlie wants - that havo been supplied by the exertions of our benevolent ladies,' furnish so '.many . moro instances of how, iriucji can bp achieved by those who aro ",so nobly planned to .warn and to comfort therefpro it, behoves us all to assist to the vory utmost of our' ability a Snpipfcv. whip.li. if it did nnl in ilm tmrn or, if existant, was faintly and carelessly . managedj would result in our prisons being: more cro'wded than tney nre, and our streots being filled with, vagrants. We are so thoroughly alive to tho usefulness of the iusti tutiou that we have takon upon oursolves the not agreeable task of making suggestions as to how tho money collected should and should not be expended, and we are under tho belief- that what has J'allen from ns will be regarded by tlio Committee, rather as a proof of the interest wo lake in them nd their efforts, than as n protest against, the manner in which thoy distribute the funds placed at their couunand. : ; Ope more word about those im migrants who cannot obtnin suitable) employ ment — wo hold it to bo right that if our agents, send us useless men and women, especially married couples' with largo families that i.bo Government, and not local, funds should lio appropriated towards keeping them until they; enn obtain work; or what would bo bet I er still, let thorn bo sel to work upon the roads at low rates of wages, under tlio super vision of eiiginocrs of roads, so that' thoy may make some return for monoy expended upon them. Dy ndopling such a Bystem as this, tlie mpn would in timo.becouie useful to contractors, who liod a gro.it diffi culty in procuring labor of' a dependable character. While 'advocating that the most Btrcnuous oxortious he made to induce immi gration, wc consider that our agonts ought to bo instructed to use more judgment and dis crimination than they havo lioretofovo iu many instances exerted, for it is fur better to bo without immigrants at all, than to be called upon to support tliom in idleness for months after 1 hoy arrive amongst us. Oahiuaoe. — Wo lin,vo frcquoiitly suggostoil tlio ad visability. of endeavoring to form a carrying company in this district, because wo considered it would ho tlio only moans by which rcasonahlo and oven rates of oarriago could bo insured, and tlio only coiirso that could bo adopted, until tlio completion of our railway, by which wo could reeovor and retain very much of tlio tralllo of tlio Wostorn roads, which has of lato yours drifted almost ontiroly from us. Somotimos wo find enrriago so low that it will not pay tlio oarrior to tako it, at other tiinos it is so high that it will not pay tlio niorcliiuit or tlio producer to omploy it, Thoso ohiuigos — produced sometimos hy tho bad stain of tlio roads, sometimes hy tho scarcity, and at others by tho ploulifulsnpplyof teams — act vorynmeh against tho intorosts of the port, as well as against tlio countryi whilu it is cortain thoy militate against thoso of tlio tho carriors, whose' loams aro at ono period of tho year eating thoir heads off, and at uuothcr killed "l>y over-work. At tlio present timo serious in convenience is being nxparioncod on account of tho ralos. of carriftgo. Our warehouses nro full to overflowing, and largo orders aro in tlio hands of our merchants, who cannot comploto tliom, because tlioir customors will not pay tlio amount por ton sought hy tho curriers, who — on tlioir part — assort thoy cannot carry cheaper on account of tho short ness of food. What aro tlio consoquoncos ? Largo quantitios of goods will bo dispatched to-day hy tlio Tinonec to St. Lawrence, for Olormont, Copporficlfl and tho districts around. Carriors nsl; £14, and will not take Iosb than £12 10s por ton to Coppcrliold, wiiilo goods can ho dispatched to tlio same placo via, Broadsound for £7 10s per ton ; and it is not at all likely, while so wido a difference exists, that onv load ing will bo sent by our local toamstoi'B. Wliotlio'- it is wiso on tlio parts of tho carriors to stand out for ex cessive ralos whon thoy havo so formidnblo au opposi tion is for thoir own consideration. But thoro can bo no doubt that stops ought to ho taken to sociu-o direct traffio from tliis port to. its districts, and wo can see no other moans of accomplishing this object thau hy forming a Carriers' Company, which, wo tliink, could ho easily arranged, moro' especially if tho carriers', would placo tliqmsplves and .their teams at the dis-; posal of tlio company, wliieh wo fancy thoy could do' upon liigJily romuncrativo towns. Satuaday Nioht. — Tho town looked gayer ou Satur day ovoning last than ive li'ave soon it for some time ; tlio shops were filled with goods, nnd business ap peared to have, recovered somo of its bid1 briskness." Wo mot many strango- faces in- tlio '-streets; anil tlio general feeling was that things would soon tako a liim for the hotter, and lliat brighter tiuios weroin store for those wl.io havo slrugglod through a season which 1ms, as a rule, been' remarkable for its dulliioss. We noticed particularly, that tho Messrs. Faoo and Co. hnd oponed their touiporary cstahiishm cut in Enst- ulrccl, and iudghir: from tho mimbor of neonlo who wore flocking iu and waiting at tlio conntors, we eon- eluded that many of tho old frionds of tlio firm had rallied fti-oiind them, aud that many now ones gavo' them a call, iu ordor to show that tlioy sympathised with tliom in their Into misfortune. Thoro is a good deal of clausliip displayed iu this way in Rockliamp- tou ; wo havo noticed on. sovoral occasions whon a townsman has boon, unfortnnato, by no faiilt or ¦care lessness of his own, thills vory much good, fooling 1ms boon oxhibitod, and many havo stopped fin-ward un sought, to loud a helping hand. , This is as it should bo; " shoutlioi'.to slioutlidr" wo dan do anything, and if we oonld hut lnanago to ho alittlo morouuitod upon mattors of publio importance, wo should not only ho moro rospoctcd,' hut ohtniu many of - those privilogos that havo hitherto boon withhold from us hecauso wo exhibited 'so Tittle .unanimity, and wo may add, iu many instances, so little consistency. . Impoutant Sale. — We notice that tlmt valuable property, the Railway Hotel and land, together, with, the furniture and. effects, arc placed in tho hands of Mr, G. S. Curtis and Mrs. M. Wonnnld for disposal by private contract. It is useless for us to culavgo upon tlio excellence of tlio above, nor upon tlio first- class businoss wliii h must necessarily lingcly -.increase immediately the railway works arc commenced. . Nugoet.— It was reported in town last night, that a two-pound nugget had been found at Cowanal. We do not vouch for the correctness of. the rumour, neither arc wo aware where the iutorcstiug.liitio waif was picked up. Several reports also reached us on Snt.urdny about copper finds oil Ihe other side of the river, but wo could obtain no definite information, as those who stated they, were in possession of cer tain facts, kept their mouths closed, aUhougli llioy wore— or pretended to his— bursting- SVltli important, news. Magisterial Inquiry. — A magisterial inquiry will'bc hold to-day before the P.M., into -the cause of the death of tho late Mr. Robert Walker, whose body was discovered in the Fitzroy on Friday last. LABOR. — We learn from the Cleveland Bay Express that the emigrants who arrived at that port by the Humboldt, seemed to be a strong healthy lot, but the number of children with the married couples was somewhat disproportionate and certainly most obnoxious to those employers of labor who have an objection to encumbrances. The whole of the single girls have been engaged at wages varying from 10s. to 15s. per week. Several of the married couples have been engaged at from £40 to £60 per annum, and all the single men have been hired. Wages are much higher here. Lifting and Smashing the Glass.— A man of tho name of Arthur Graham was placed in the dock on Saturday,' charged with being drunk, nnd with having wilfully destroyed property. Senior con stable Fitzgerald- said tlmt- the prisoner wns given into- his charge at 10 o'clock on Friday night for breaking a window ; lie stated when arrested that ho had offered lialf a sovereign as compensation for what ho had done. Ann Johnson, residing in Kent- street, stated that the. prisoner wns at her front door at about lialC-pnst 9 o'clock ; lie knocked at the door nnd then laid down upon the verandah ; he after- ; wards tried to break the door in, and eventually smashed two panes , of : glass. /The Bench ordered the prisoner to pay a fine . of 20s. and 6s. for damngo done to property, and in default of payment 14 days imprisonment. An Opinion.— Wo .wore asked ,o'ii' Saturday to givo an opinion ; now, as wp liavo nn objection to do auy- . thing of tho sort viva voce wo declined— first, .because .we might ho asked to hack pur opinion, by a wager, 'wliieh wo never think' of laying unless ivo aro cortain In win, and secondly, hocauso wo couceivb tho plural pronoun wo lias a vast doal more, power tlum tlio Binglo pronouno 'f. Wo 'wore asked whothor wo con-, sidcrbd tho Vnhintcor. Firo Brigade might, on an omorgenoy, pull n wall down,' or oniply 'a tank of its wnlor ; presumlug it was helicvod that if tho fonnor were left nlono till it fell of its own1 accord, it might endanger human life, 'aiid that if tho latter wore uot oinptyod, a wholo range of .. buildings would stand an excellent clrnhco of bring .swept away. Wo were: only asked for au opinion ; wo wore not requested to lay down tho lawj'wliieli would probably onforco us to n»,! VAIUW SiVLAU llUD 4b t tin I- 4 bl J U ' M 1 1(1 U1 I 111 i(.t ti (C(J UU". tween mcn-iH and iuum, and that if even wo knocked a crumbling wall -low n in order to save lialf ri dozen human livos, or emptied the water (which 'i»«t Is Od) oui of a tank, for tho purposo of proyonliiig tho loss of properly valued at £10,0(16, wo wore cmiimiltiug a hreacli of tho law— perhaps of tho pcnco. " Nothing," said an old and honored authority, " (we leave oin legal gontlciunn to give his name.)" " Notliing is law that is not reason ; " therefore, taking our slnnil upon this ground, v.-o contend that the .Fire Brigade would ho perfectly juslifinl' ill' pulling half a town down, if hy doing so they thought they could save thcclhcr half, and as porfoctly justified in emptying every tank in tho town nolens nolens, if they believed they could pro- . vent tho loss of life or tho loss of a .limb. Moreover, wo conceive that tho man (mind wo arc- not playing the part of a Joseph Surface), who would cntlcavor to pro- vent the hose : from -being inserted into Ids well or his hutt, when Ids neighbour's house was in flames, ought to bo kicked from Rockhnmpton to Halifax, aud uovor bo nllowod again to sit undor. his vino .and his fig tree in poaco. Bio Ben's Brother.— Wo understand that " Big Boil's" big brother is still roving in tho muddy wators of tlio Fitzroy, near whoro his junior was Bliot by .Mr. Colombo, and that a party has startod off for tlie purposo of shooting him, and of making ono:of " thoso trifles which innko life" a raroo show to stir tho orowd of our miniature Jlnbol; but cortaidly not, as Cowpor says, to "food tho orowd." Wo nro assured by those who havo soon the liviug monster, that he is full ton foot longer than tho ''most potent, grave and reverend souior," wlio, liko ono of Lord EvskinoB " lnuto ovoation," lias no story "to tell Sir," but which might form tlio tlioino of a groat pooin. Rawiielle.— A correspondent of tlio Wido Bay and Burnett News says, — " llawbollo is still pro gressing and nearly 5000 acres of copper laud havo boon secured there ; and all done in the quietest and most modest way imaginable. Tlio cuporiforous lodes have been traced over a spneo of 80 miles, and selections extern! from Rawbollc to tho now famed Blncknll mine. Genuine speculators nre quietly securing the land, aiid there nro vory few squatters on tho Burnett who are uot more or less interested in copper selections." . 'Tins " Blackbird,. ' — This steamer, which loft tho wharf at 12 if clock ou Saturday, relumed yesterday afici-iiooii at half-past four ; upon inquiry wo found there was not sufficient water to allow hor tooross tlio bar, and that slio will not lio ablo to do so until llio spring lido on_ Tuesday aflornoon. This is nnothcr in- staneo of tho infinite mischief caused hy tho criminal carelessness of our Government in licglcctiug out- rivor ; every day tells its tnlo ; delays and annoy ances of every description nicot the vessels which trade here, aud if active measures be not taken, aud when taken continued, ship-owners will become dis gusted, and wHlcouso to send tlioir steamers to a port where so little trouble is taken to secure certain and safu navigation, Hospital.— Stato of tho Hospital wook onding August 23. Admitted during tlio wook, malos 8 ; disci lavycd during tho wook, malos 6; remaining in Hospital, males, 30; fcinalos, 2 ; total, 82. Four pationts in Voiioraal Ward. 1 _ iiuoiiT-SiGiiTED,— Tho Kyueton Agricultural Asso ciation, with lciitcn. wisdoni aud loss business ncumon havo resolved to impose a . duty upon stock imported from the neighboring colonies, Tlio colonics, espeol-; ally tlio older ones, like 'America, arc becoming more conservative every day : uot a fortnight 'since the Victorian Government attempted to force h game law through -the l'loiisc, aiid now tlio people of Kynctou aro so anxious to conserve tlio interests of Southern stock owners, and so careless about the prico the poor man will have to pay for his meat, that tlioy are de sirous of prevailing upon thc'Govornmcnt to impose a tax which would to a great extent prohibit tlio im portation of stock from tho sister colonics. Erratum.— In tho manifest of tho Yarra Ynrrn in . our last, issue, for 4 cases brandy " Bcokcrlog, . read ''40 eases." ' . ' . Antimony.— -Tlio . IVldo. Bay aiut Burnett, 'News says:.— Tlmt ' aiitimquy,', has been discovered, but" it docs riot ' stato wdieio. The ore ' scorns by analysis to he vory pure and exists," so, our coutem- porniy-is'iohl "in larye aud easily' obtained qnnn- lities. Tlioso -lodes, averaging two feet wido, crop distinctly out, aud some, two tons of ore are now on grass, awaiting hwisjiorl' to, Maryborough, when a company willbo formed to work the' mine." As soino of our llockliampton prospectors may "cumc. across antiinouv without knowing it, and as it is a metal of great, importance wo will cmlonvouv to describe its appearance and to state in 'what localities it is generally discovered. Fmni various authorities wo find that antimony is a bMii.Ti, white; brittle metal, of a scaly foliated iextiire ; it'hiis'n lirilliaiit tustrc, hut becomes tai'.iiihoO by cxiinsiire to tlio air. l'.y ex posure tb"lieat it'inous aiidTiucoiniMg oxydiscd, rises j.l dense vvliilc fumes. ".Antimony is found in ils metallic state hi minute quantities in many countries and in occasional mixture with uixis tif silver, load ami eoppcr ; mir, jd ls irom jrs conibinatnm -with sulphur, in . wliicli slate it. ucuurs frequently .Ju, Aiivofgne, coliaud and Hungary, that the antimony, of commerce -'is furnished. This mineral, llio isid- pburcl of nnlimony, is found in complied, foliaicd and radiated masses, as well .as in: distitiet ibombic. prisms. Its color is a light, toad grey, it is dull and often iridescent.; It nielts .jn the' ilamcTof a caudle ;' and l/oforo tho blowpipe, on charcoal, is ovlmlly: evaporated with a sulphureous odor. . .. ; .The Mining Law..— Mr. Stevenson pointod out iu llio House llio other aveuiug tlint ii stato of utter lawlessness had existed with regard to milling oil privato property in this colony, and there is no doubt hut tlial the honorable gentleman was' perfectly cor rect, because both iu Great Britain and tho colonics, nUhoiudi Uio surface of the lmnl aud .wliat is upon it: belongs io tho purchaser of properly, holms uo right, whatever to tho gold and silver which lie beneath it. . Tliis being tho emm, it is.eleavlliat' iho rights of tho Legislature liavo been ovadod, and tlmt it is quito liino tlio (picslion was perfectly understood, so that no fill nro disputes may arise between llio lauded pro prietor nnd tlio mineral prospector. Up to tho .pre sent, I inio there is little doiibl but that tho wholo of tho land which has been alienated in Queensland has been sold irrespective of tho gold in it, nltiiough con-: tracts, and numorous cuc3 ton, havo been entered into, between owners of property arid miners without auy reference being made to tho Government, who havo ovidently .winked lit proceedings which wore in them- solves illegal. Tliis discretionary power, how much suovor it may havo boon judicious, from tho fact that it would have boon acting against tho iutcrosts of tho colony to offtr aiiy obstruction to tho progress of mining, still ought to oxist no lougor ; tho, law upon ; tho subjoot slionld bo definite, aud when onco tho roughly understood and established, noted up to. Admittiug that under the oxisting law tlio Crown has a full and outifo right to tho gold aud silver on and in private lands, and that tbo ownor of suah lands lias not li shadow of a claim to.thom, it .becomes a question whothor such law is just or unjust, and whothor it slionld continue to oxist or bo spongod from tlio statuto books of tho colony. It appears un- reitsujiablo thai, irlioii'ii, man purchases laud ho should not bo at liborty to deal with it, both on tho surfneo and bouoath it, as ho thinks propor, and equally un reasonable that a minor should walk in whon ho plensod nnd opon tho ground,' thereby lessoning tho only valuablo portion of such ground to tho ownor — nnmoly, tho surface, and that too without compensa tion. It seems to us that tho reasonable way to deal with tho matter would he for tho Crown to give up all claim to tho minorals upon privato proporty, and to allow tho proprietor to make tho host tonns ho cnu with tho minor, either by taking a rental for tho land or by receiving a por contago upon tho valno of tlio ore raised. Every man's housoTs his castlo, and it is hy tlie law rendered snored , against invasion, savo. by tho law ; then why should not his laud he snored also? Why should it bo invaded, ovcr-rnn, and destroyed, bocnuso thoir linjipons to bo bonoath tho turf - or tho furrow n minoral wlrioh is of no vnlno until it bo brought to light, to tlio dostr'netion of tho tnrf and tho furrow 7 ' Tlio irinttcr is of small conseqnonco wbori a gold-fiold of porhajis somo few hundred acres is worked upon a run of many square miles in extent, hut it becomes a inonstrons griovnnco when somo dozen men, with- pick and shovel in hand, walk into the stockyard, or approach within a few yards of a iioincstcad, and begin to dig and delve, and burn and destroy, aud who, when oxpoKtutaied with, put their bauds into thoir pouches nnd draw out minors licenses which thoy flourish in tho fneo of \tlio outraged land ownor. But on largo areas or small areas wc do not concoivo that proporty slioiildho entered upon witliont tliospocial permission' of tho ownor, aud that although it might bo injudicious to entrust liim with the powor of preventing mining on his land, lie oortainly ought to havo the powor to enforce a fair and jnst compen sation. / Charters' Towers'— We learn tho following infor mation rolativo; to Charters' Towers from a private letter, dated August 5tli, which arrived by tlie last Northern mail. Mining matters, it is stated, nre pro gressing satisfactorily sq far ; all the claims that havo boon able to cot a trial, crushinc arc vnrv nav- able, witli the exception of two : the yields averaging from 2 oz. to C oz; per ton ; a- great many of" tho reefs wliieh wore opened up .will have to wait for months before tlio value of tlioir stone can ho ascertained, on account of the want of maoliinery ; there being hut four machines at present at 'work, and n fifth iu tlio course of erection ; but it is considered that' there will be quartz sufficient io keep as many more going. The scarcity of water is a great draw back and the supply at some of the machines is getting short,- wiiilo the miners hnvo iu many cases to caiup. three or four in ilqs , from tlioir , claims. Tho health, on 'tlio diggings is generally good, although there arc some eases of different kinds of fever, hanging about.' There has been a small alluvial rush, and it is believed there will be more when tlio- wet season conies on.' " The Charters Tower Minor " wjll mnko its' appearance' next . weokj and a Miner's. Protection Society has been established, so that it 'may. bo pretty clearly seen that tlie motto at tlio Towers' is " Advance 1 " Miners. — Sixly skilled minors from Victoria says tlio Maryborough Chronivle arrived by the Lady Bowcn ; thirty three aro engaged for tho " Victoria Mine," Mount Perry, and llio remainder are open for engagement, nnd witli the present demand will soon settle down." , - 