LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, November 27. jThe Pbesident took the Chair at 2 o'clock ' . . BILL, Head the thiru tune ana passea. NORTHERN TERRITORY LAND BILL. Bead the third time and passed. PREVENTION OF DISEASES IN STOCK BILL. Consideration in Committee oE the reasons of the Assembly for disagreeing to amendments made by the Council in this Bill. _ The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said the first amendment to which the Assembly had disagreed was in page 3, line 28. The Council struck out the words "The proclamation of Scab Districts Act. 1867." The reason assigned for ob jecting to this amendment was, "Because the provisions of Act No. 1 of 1867 having been in corporated in this BiU, the 'repeal of that Act becomes necessary." He moved that the amend ment be not insisted upon. Carried. A consequent verbal amendment of the clause was also made, inserting the plural for the singular. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said the second amendment objected to by the .Assembly was on page 10, line 17. to leave out the words from "pounds" to the end of the clause. The reason of the Assembly for disagreeing to this clause was, "Because it is considered desirable that owners or occupiers of runs on each side of the River Murray should enjoy the privilege granted by the proviso of the clause, otherwise much unnecessary inconvenience and annoyance may arise." fie moved that the amendment be not insisted upon. The motion that the amendment be not insisted on was negatived. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said that the House of Assembly had objected to the amendment on page 11, line 14, making it "incumbent on the Government to erect finger posts on all roads leading to quarantine districts." The House of Assembly disagreed with that, "Becanse it imposed a responsibility on the Government which, in the opinion of that House, ought not to be imposed." The Home of Assembly considered that it would be difficult for the Govern* ment to erect the finger-posts as the lamendment required, and he moved that the amendment be not insisted upon. After a discussion. The motion that the amendment be not insisted upon was negatived. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said the next amendment objected to was on page 11, line 22, proposing to "leave out from 'forth with to the end of the Clause No. 34, and insert • placed in quarantine to he dealt with as the Com missioner of Crown Lands and Immigration may direct.'" The reason why the House of Assembly disagreed to this was, "Because, as prompt action is necessary in cases of disease, the Inspectors ought to have the powers sought to be conferred upon them by this clause, and be enabled to recover the expenses incurred m exercise thereof." He moved that the amendment be not insisted upon. The motion that the amendment be not insisted upon was negatived. The Council resumed, ana the Chairman brought up the report, which was adopted. The Hon. W. MILNE moved that a Committee he appointed to draw up the reasons of the Council for insisting upon certain of the amendments, and that the Hon. Messrs. Elder, Morgan, and Murray be the Committee. Carried. IMMIGRATION BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said that no doubt the Council would admit that it was desirable to encourage and assist immigration into South Attefrbha. A considerable interval had occurred since immigration had taken place, and this measure was intended to assastit in the future. It repealed the Act So. 4 of the 21st of Victoria, which was the only Act upon their Statute book upon the Bubject, and referred more to the maintaining of an Immigration Agent rather than to a general scheme of immigration. It also pro* video for the appointment of Emigration and Immigration Agents, who, subject to the approval of the Commissioner of Crown l andn and Immi gration, would be able to appoint clerkB and sub agents to carry out the provisions of the Bill. Authority was given to the Emigration Agent to issue laod-order warrants "to eaclrstritable emigrant who shah net have previously resided in the pro vince, who shall proceed to the colony in a ship approved by the Agent, and who shall have paid the full cost of his'passage, or of any other person approved by the Emigration Agent. These warrants would entitle the holders to receive on arrival in the province one land-order of the value Of £20 for each person of 12 years and upwards, and £10 for each chikl between the age of-ope and 12 years. Such land-orders would Be available for 'their full nominal value for the purchase of waste lands-of the Crown, either for cadi or as deposit on credit. There was the proviso, however, that the holder selecting land upon-credit shall enter into an agreementto reside personally upon such 'land, ana to carry out the E revisions-of the Act under which the land shall ave been granted. A further proviso was that the land-grant should not be 'issued until the purchaser and person to whom the land-order was issued had resided for two years continuously in the province. That was to prevent speculation,-and so ha as possible secure the benefit to those for whom it was intended. Thep there, was a proviso that the- Government might'advance on&fifth; of the value of the land order totbe land- order-holder. It might be that persons who had spent their moneyfor the passage might land here hard up for cash, and the Govern ment in such cases could help the immigrant by advancing one-fifth of the value of the land-order to be returned within two years. After the holder had resided in the colony for two years the land-order could be transferred by endorse ment and become legally negotiable. Clause 10 provided for -assisted passages which might be granted to emigrants approved by any Emigration rhole Agent, but unable to pay the whole cost of their passage, upon the'terms specified in the second schedule of the BilL That schedule fixed the terms for males under 12 years, £3; over 12 years and under 40, £4; over 40 years and under 50, £8; and the same for females. Any immigrant who has been assisted in that way, if within 30 days after his arrival in the province he applied in writing to the Commissioner of Crown lands and Immigration to be allowed to pay the balance of his passage- money (which passage-money was not to exceed in the whole £15 for every adult), and should also pay the balance within 12 months of the date of niB application, he would be entitled to a land-order of the value of £20 in the same way as though the whole of the passage money bad beenpaid before embarkation. Then power was given in the 11th clause te nominate immigrants. Persons resident in the province might nominate suitable persons for passages upon payment of the sums according to the Becond schedule. The 12th clause provided for land-orders to shippers, &c.; Persons or Companies bringing out suitable emigrants at their own expense were to receive a land-order of the value of £16 for every adult and £8 for every child between one and 12 years, to be delivered after the persons had resided in the colony continuously for two years. Then there was a general provision as to the penalties for obtaining passages under -false pre tences, and power was given to make regulations under the Act. A similar measure had been in force some years ago in Queensland, and had operated with great advantage to the community there. The Hon. W. PAEKIH was very glad some steps were being taken to encourage immigration to this province. He believed that the land would not be given away, but that the labour to be introduced would be quite an equivalent; for he had long held. that the colony could not progress asitought to do without a large increase of population of the right sort of people. They formerly intro duced a set of people who were useless to the mother-country, useless in other parts of the world, and ten times more useless here. They wanted such men as came out in 1839-40, when the Hon. Mr. Hogarth arrived, and with plenty of such men they would see the colony go ahead tremendously. It was for such men that the colony was starring. There was every prospect of a bountiful harvest, bat where were they to' obtain the labour to get it in? It was fortunate that we were able to produce much more corn than was required for our own consumption, because an exchange of commodities brought about a better feeling between the different nations of the earth; but in order that they might continue to render the land productive they must have more labour. Both corn and animal food were plentiful here, whilst they were scarce in the mother-countrr. For that reason also additional immigration would j be useful to all parties. i The Hon. W. MOBGAH quite approved of the object of this Bill. It was very desirable to en courage immigration, but appeared to him that tbey had never taken sufficient steps to make this colony and its advantages known in the old country. He would suggest to the Chief Secretary : the importance of appointing a public lecturer for that purpose as had been done by the Government ; of Queensland. The result was that bMd after ship continued to leave England with large numbers of emigrants for Queensland, fie nad read in English papers that public lecturers were em ployed in going from place to place making known the advantages of Queensland as a place for emigrants to better their condition. The Agent - General could not be expected to employ an asBiBtgnt emigration agent as a lecturer for hS small* pittance; on the contrary, the Balary of £700 or £800 a year was quite inadequate to enable him to fill his position with credit to himself and advan tage to the colony. He hoped the Chief Secretary in his reply would inform them that the Govern ment would seriously consider the question of appointing a public lecturer, or taking some other steps to bring under the notice of the English public the advantages of this colony to intending immigrants. They ought not to sit down con tented as if our 200,000.000 acres of laud were sufficiently occupied already- The Select Com mittee on Immigration appointed in the session of 1855-56, of which Mr. Davenport was the Chair man, recommended that some such steps should be adopted; but at that time very serious injury bad been done to the colony by the intro duction of a large number of female immigrants of a clasB not required. If hon. gentlemen would, however, read the report of the Select Committee he had referred to they would glean from it much valuable information. He hoped the Government would take the necessary steps to make the colony extensively known in England The Hon, T. HOGABTH thought this was one of the best measures ever introduced since he had a seat in the Council. Wiihthe exception of the Land Bill it was the very best Bill he had seen. It struck him, however, that a Bill of that kind should not be confined to a particular class of immigrants. He believed there was a good deal in what the Hon. Mr. Morgan had said as to the necessity of making the colony known in England. When he went home in 1862 he found that the people wefe well acquainted with Victoria, Hew SouthWales, and Hew Zealand; but they knew nothing about Sonth Australia except thst tbey imagined it to be a part of Victoria. He believed with the Hon. Mr. Morgan that the w"-" in engaging a paid lecturer would beVlinp5Tt;~He «u°u£ J? sent througil-t^ agricultural districts, ana Mren into the town* .. induce the people to emigrate to South Aus tralia. It was trup that the corn, wool, and copper sent home would be a very good advertisement, but as the quantity of corn grown this year would be greater than in any previous year the want of labour was already severely felt. He had much pleasure in supporting the BilL He approved of its principle, as it would have the effect of inducing thq people to stop here after they arrived. xne Hon. W. MILNE would also support the Bill. Our greatest want was the want of labour. He regretted to see, however, that the operation of the Bill would be to encourage only one class of immigrants—those who would settle upon the Crown lands. If they wished the colony to progress they must encourage its manufactures, and endeavour to develop our native industries. Why should not this Bill offer facilities for the im migration of cloth manufacturers and weavers? In Victoria they, were doin^so, and the .result had been very satisfactory. Th en why not bring out j weavers and tradesmen? Why not hold out encou ragements to Companies to nominate bakers or miners, or any other kinds of workmen they might require? He would support the second reading, but he would feel it his duty to prepare an. amend ment of the 12th clause in Committee. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir. H. Ayers) re plied—The subject suggested by the Hon. Mr. Morgan, of appointing a paid lecturer to travel through the old country, had engaged the atten tion of the Government, and they believed that much good would result from its adoption. No doubt a great deal of ignorance existed at home in reference to this colony. If it could be shown how superior it was to England as a place of resi dence for the working classes and others we should soon have a hurge accession to our population. He did not regard the Bill in the same light as the Hon. Mr. Munehad done, but believed that any Company—whether engaged in weaving, mining, or even baking—might avail themselves of the provisions of the BilL With respect, however, to weaving, he did not think it could make much progress in these colonies except in the manu facture of some of the plain kind of goods. The expense of importing and erecting machinery, the cost of labour, and the keen competition going on at home would prevent its becoming an extensive branch of industry here at present, whatever it might do after they were dead and gone. Even in regard to Geelong tweeds he had been assured that toe dealers could not compete with the English imported goods. He did not wish to check private enterprise, but neither was it attempted to do so by tms Bill. Any Company could nominate miners, weavers, or even bakers under its pro visions. The motion was carried, and the Bill was accord ingly read the second time. In Committee. Clauses 1 to 4. Passed as printed. Clause 5. Land-order warrants may be exchanged for land-orders. • The Hon. W. MILNE asked if these land-order warrants would be. transferable, and if so would the person to whom, they were transferred be required to remain two years in the colony. The CHIEF SECRETAEY (Sir H. Ayers) said that the person holding the land-order warrant would be entitled to receive a land-order in exchange, but the land- grant would not issue either to the purchaser or to the person to whom the order had been issued till after they had resided two years in the colony. The very object of the Bill would be defeated without a provision of that kind. . The Hon. W. MILNE did not see why the holder of the land-order, as well as the person to whom it was originally issued, should he com pelled to remain here. The CHIEF SECRETARY <Sir H. Ayers)— That wasone of the main features of the Bill. The clause was earned. Clauses 6 to 1L Passed as printed, Clause 12. Land-orders to snippers, &c.; The Bon. W. MILNE thought that thin clause should be made entirely unrestrictive. If a person or Company desired to bring out a suitable immi grant, no matter whether it was a baker, weaver, or what not, he should be allowed to do so under the provisions of this clause. Why should it be con fined to those who would settle upon the land! The Hon.Chief Secretary had referred to weavers; but he (Mr. Milne} had no idea of bringing out hand- weavers. The Hod. Chief Secretary, if he would so to Victors, would finfi it ouite worth his while to visit the weaving establishment near Geelong. Most of the hands employed at that manufactory must have been specially brought out from home for the purpose; and if Companies couH find employment for a large number of hands like that, why should not others be encouraged to bring them out no matter whether they were miners, shepherds, or anything else? He wished to make the Bill available for all classes of the community; and with that view he would move that the words, "or for engaging in any colonial industry," after the words, "cultivating the same," inthe 35th line, be inserted. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said the amendment was unnecessary, because any person could nominate whoever he pleased under the 11th clause, which was- as follows:—"When any natural-born or naturalized subject of Her Majesty, resident in the-said province, desires to nominate any suitable person.for a passage from Europe thereto, and shall have paid to tire said Commissioner the sum set forth in the second schedule hereto^ according to the scale therein specified, the person so nominated shall be entitled to receive a passage accordingly, and the person so nominating shall, on payment in the said pro vince of the balance of - such passage-money, within 12 calendar months after the arrival of such person nominated, calculated at the rate-of £15 for every statute adult, be entitled to receive a land-order of the value of £20, which order shall he available in the same manner as a land-order ssued under clause 5 of this Act" The Hon. W. MILNE—But such nominations had to be made inthe colony; whereas it might be found necessary to appoint an agent at home, and he wished to give power to such agents acting on behalf of persons in this colony the right to nominate immigrants. In nine cases out of ten this could not be done in the colony. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) was quite sure the hon. gentleman had misunder stood the application of the clause. It was not necessary to nominate the immigrant by name. That could be done by the agent acting on behalf of the person in the colony he represented. This 12th clause had been inserted on tire representation of shipowners, who would avail themselves of a provision of that kind in bringing out immigrants, and if it became law the Hon. Mr. Milne or any other person would be able to-nominate as many persons as he pleased, in accordance with the regulations. The stipulation respecting their remaining two years in the colony would be enforced, because many might otherwise be dis pesed to leave immediately after their arrival. The miners in particular were a shifting people. The Hon. W. MORGAN understood this 12th clause to have been introduced with the special object of encouraging Danish and Swedish immi gration. He did not see why miners could not be brought out under its provision as well as others. Though they sometimes left the colony, there were others who came, and many of even those who went to Queensland had returned. He was quite satisfied, however, that there would be more agri culturists brought out under this clause than of other classes, the distress being so great amongst them in England, as was indicated by the nume rons strides tnat Had taken place. The Hon. T. ELDER was in favour of any ByEtem of immigration, if conducted upon fair and just principles ;but, as the 12th clause was restricted to those who intended to "settle on the Grown lands thereof and cultivate the same," he regarded it as one-sided and partial. It seemed to be a farmers' clause. % would therefore second the amendment proposed by the Hon. Mr. Milne. The Hon. W. STOEKIE suggested that the object of the Hon. Mr. Milne could be best attained by striking out the words quoted by the Hon. Mr. Elder. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) pre ferred the Hon. Mr. Milne's amendment to that, but would rather see the clause passed as it stood. The Hon. W. Milne's amendment was carried, and the clause passed. The remaining four clauses, the schedules, and preamble passed without amendment. The Council resumed, and;the Chairman brought up the report, which was adopted. The Bill was then read a third time and passed. MISCELLANEOUS r.raasfiy? TtTT.r,, This Bill was received from the House of Assem bly and read a first time. The second reading was made an Order of the Day for the day following. TREASURY BILLS BILL. Second reading. - The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) moved the second reading of a Bill for an Act to authorize the raising of £139.000 for public pur poses by Treasury bills. The reason why it was necessary to introduce this Bill was in consequence of the Committee appointed to consider the Con solidated Public Loans Bill reporting to the House of Assembly as follows: — " Your Committee recommend that, pending the further consideration of this matter, no issue of new bonds should be made in the London market, but they are of opinion, that, for any present public purposes, Treasury bills not exceeding three years' currency should be issued in these colonies, where, from the abundance of money, a ready and advantageous sale could be made," The intention of the Government was to have supplied the various sums of money required for the different works authorized out of the one fund to be dreated as the Consolidated Loan Fund, But in consequence of the recommendation of the Committee that the Bill for that purpose should be held over, the Government had adopted the suggestion made, and introduced this measure to raise by Treasury bonds £100,600 for construct ing the Overland Telegraph, Adelaide to Port Darwin; £25,000 for constructing the works for the water supply of Glenelg, for which reason the Bill upon that subject would be altered by a recom mendation from the Governor; and £14,090 for addi tions tothe drainage works in the South-East He needed not to point out how necessary it was that Government loans should not be issued in such small amounts as £14,000 or £25,000, on which account it had been deemed .desirable to raise the three amounts together. In refe rence to the item for the South-Eastern Drainage Works, it would J»§ seen by Paper 139 that the cost of the iqgjgased works recom mended by the Committee ef the House of Assembly was £13,419 0s. 8d. They therefore proposed to raise £14,000 for that purpose. The Hon. W. MORGAN supported the second reading. He had no objection to this model of raising money, although he had objected to the mode of applying it when raised. ELe approved of Treasury hills as a very proper way of raising necessary sums. He could not help remembering, however, that when they raise £100,000 for the Northern Telegraph, and he said it would C08t £300,000, the Chief Secretary most indignantly said no. He did not object to the telegraph costing £300,000, as it was a'very great achievement. But they were paying high for the honour and glory of it, and it would nave been better if they could have had it cheaper. xne rr°tion was carried, and the Bill read a SeTj^fCouncil ^eQ w€nt into Committee. The whole of the Bill w&a; passed without amendment. The Council resumed, and the Chairman brought up the report, which was adopted. The Bill was then read a third time and pas Bed. The Council adjourned at 4 o'clock until 2 o'clock the following day. 