the Gazelle. He did every week, and persona travelling stock thioagh the country ought, as a dnty. todoso. The Government must have some rach means of making these things public, and he did not think it would do any good to insert a serial in the Gazette, even if it were written by the Hon. Mr. Morgan. No Government nor individual cou!d carry this vague amendment into effect. But the quarantine district boundaries would be pro* claimed, and Inspectors would ride round to keep the flocks in from getting out, who would a'so prevent travelling stock from getting in. But it they got in there they must remain, other* wise wbat was the use of legislating to give pro tection at all? Whether the amendment remained in or out it would be of no use. The Government could define quarantine districts by a ploughed line, or by erecting Btone mounds or boards, and make it so well known that no stock could inadverently enter in. The Hon. A. B. MURRAY aaid the Chief Secre tary laid great stress upon the description of quarantine grounds in the Gazette. He called attention to a description of a quarantine ground at Wellington, the starting-point of which was the punt, which was sometimes on one side of the river and sometimes on the other, and eventually it went to the bottom. (Laughter.) He hoped the Chief Secretary would take fixed points as starting places for his descriptions. The Hon. T. HOGAKTH said he maintained that it would be impossible to carry out the amend ment But the spirit of it could be carried out. It was surely possible to put up fingerposts on the leading roads near the quarantine district. The Hon. W. PARKIN said if the hon. member could show how many posts were to be erected, of wbat height, and that they could be painted in such a way that the cattle would be able to read them, he would support the amendment. As it was it would be an absurdity, for if posts were put op every half mile persons might not see them. The Hon. W. MORGAN said the number of posts to be erected would be the number required. (Hear, hear.) For every road a finger-post. As- to the Chief Secretary reading the Gazette, he- sup posed the hon. gentleman had charge of it. He did not complain of the Gazette as a medium for these proclamations, but only stated, the unfortu nate fact that very few people read it. He read it himself, and only said that/ very few persons travelling with stock did so. The Hon. W. STOBBIE supported the retention of the amendment, as it was a very necessary mode of warning off people from quarantine districts. The Government saw the necessity in other matters of doing more than making pro clamations in the Gazette. At crossings on the railway they bad boards with ' Look put for the train' painted on them. On a frozen river a board with 'Dangerous' on it was a more effectual warning to skateis than a proclamation in the Gazette. If rocks or shoals weie discovered on the coast there was not simply a proclamation to that effect, but a lighthouse was erected to mark the spot. The motion that the amendment be not insisted upon wsb negatived. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said the next amendment objected to was on page 11, line 22, proposing to ' leave out from ' forth witk' to the end of the Clause No. 34. and insert 'placed in quarantine to be dealt with as the Com missioner of Crown Lands and Immigration may direct.' ' The reason why the House of Assembly disagreed to this was, 'Because, as prompt action is necessary in cases of disease, the Inspectors ought to have the powers sought to be conferred upon them by this clause, and be enabled to recover the expenses incurred in exercise thereof.' He moved that the amendment be not insisted upon. The Hon. A. B. MURRAY hoped the amend ment would be insisted upon. This was one of the open straighforward clauses providing for the de struction of a man's property without remedy, excepting that he had to pay the expenses of the destruction. The Hon. W. MILNE looked upon this amend ment as one of the most important the Council had made, and felt disposed to insist on its reten tion. By the 'previous part of the clause any J.P. might order stock supposed to be diseased to be detained until inspected by an Inspector, who on seeing them might order them to be de stroyed. He was not prepared to give such power to an officer. There were telegraphs all over the colony, and an Inspector could readily consult the responsible Commissioner of Crow? Lands, and be controlled by his orders. The Hon. T. HOGARTH also would maintain the amendment. To give such power as the clause proposed to any one man was absurd. Upon his opinion the Inspector might destroy stock and put the owner to heavy expense. In other matters a person was obliged to prove his case before action could follow: but if an opinion was enough, how often medical men were deceived in diseases, and the Inspector was likely to be. Before he came properly to know wbat the disease really was he might commit several blunders and min the persons concerned. The Hon. T. ELDER thought this an important amendment they were asked to give up. and did not see his way to doing so. If they did let it go, they might as well give up the Bill altogether. (Hear, hear.) He therefore intended to vote for maintaining it The motion that the amendment be not insisted upon was negatived. The Council resumed, and the Chairman brought up the report, which was adopted. The Hon. W. MILNE moved that a Committee be appointed to draw up the reasons of the Council for insisting upon certain of the amendments, and that the Hon. Messrs. Elder, Morgan, and Murray be the Committee. Carried. IMMIGRATION BILL. Second reading. Th« CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said that no doubt the Council would admit that it was desirable to encourage and assist immigration into South Australia. A considerable interval had occurred since immigration had taken place, and this measure was intended to assist it in the future. It repealed the Act No. 4 of the 21st of Victoria, which was the only Act upon their Sta'ute book upon the subject, and referred more to the maintaining of an Immigration Agent rather than to a general scheme of immigration. It also pro vided for the appointment of Emigration and Immigration Agents, who, subject to the approval of the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immi gration, would be able to appoint clerks and sub agents to carry out the provisions of the £.11. Authority was given to the Emigration Agent to issue land-order warrants to each suitable emigrant who shall not have previously resided in the pro vince, who shall proceed to the colony in a ship approved by the Agent, and who shall have paid the full cost of his passage, or of any other person approved by the Emigration Agent. These warrants would entitle the holders to receive on arrival in the province one land-order of the value of £20 for each person of 12 years and upwards, and £10 for each child between the age of one and 12 yean. Such land-orders would be available for their full nominal value for the purchase of waste lands of the Crown, either for cash or as deposit on credit. There was the proviso, however, that the holder selecting land upon credit shall enter into an agreement to reside personally upon such land, and to carry eut the provisions of the Act under which the land shall have been granted. A further proviso was that the land-grant should not be issued until the purchaser and person to whom the land-ordar was issued had resided for twfl years continuously in the province. That was t-T prevent speculation, and so far as possible secure the benefit to those for whom it was intended. Then there was a proviso that the Government might advance one-fifth of the value of the land order to the Iand- erder-holder. It might be that peraoBs who had spent their money for the passage might land here hard up for cash, and the Govern ment in such cases could help the immigrant by advancing one-fifth of the value of the land-order to be returned within two years. After the holder had resided in the colony for two years the land-order could be transferred by endorse ment and become legally negotiable. Clause 10 provided for assisted passages which might be granted to emigrants approved by any Emigration Agent, but unable to pay the whole cost of their passage, upon the terms specified in tbe second schedule of the BilL That schedule fixed the terms for males under 12 years, £3 ; over 12 years and under 40, £4; over 40 years and under 50, £8; and the same for females. Any immigrant who has been assisted in that way, if within 30 days after his arrival in the province he applied in writing to the Commissioner of Crown Lands and immigration to be allowed to pay the balance of n» passage- money (whi«h passage-money was not to exceed in the whole £15 for every T9™i,M?d /W^ £?r ^a Mm'* within HKte? thf d^e °} ma application, he would be entitled to a land-order of the value of £20 in the same way as though the whole of the passage money bad been paid before embarkation. Then |M-wer was given in the 11th clause te nominate Hnmipanta. Persons resident in the province payment of the sums according to the spronH scfiedule. Themh clause provided for landSre to shippers, Ac. .Persons or Companies brSS *ut suitable emifranta at their omi expense were to receive a tad-order of the value of £16 for every adult and £8 for every child between one and? years, tobe delivered after the persons had resided in the colony continuously for two years Then there wa3 a general provision as to the penalties for obtaining passages under false pre tences, and power was given to make regulations under the Act. A similar measure had been in force some yean ago in Queensland, and had operated with great advantage to the community there. The Hon. W. PARKIN waa very glad some steps 'were being taken to encourage immigration to this province. He believed that tbe land would not De jiiven away, but that the labour to be iulrxluced vciifd I* quite an equivalent I for he hail Ion/ held lLat the colcnj could not, progress as it ought to do without a lacge increase of population of the right sort qf people. They form sly intro duced a Bet of people who were useless to the mother-country, useless in other paita of the world, and ten times morj useless h?ie. They wanted such men as came out in 1839-40, when the Hon. Mr. Hogarth arr.ved, and wi h plenty of such men they would Bee the colony go ahead tremendously. It was for a ich men that the colony was starving, . There waa every prospect of a bountiful harveBt, but where were they to obtain the labour to get it in? It ff-as fortunate that we were able to produce much more com than was required for our own consumptior1, because an exchange of commodities brought about a better f eeling between the different nations of the earth ; but in order that they might continue to render the land productive they must have more labour. Both corn and animal food were plentiful here, whilst they were scarce in the mpther-c«untry. For that reason also additional immigration would be useful to all parties. The Hon. W. MOEGAN quite approved of the object of this Bill. It was very desirable to en courage immigration, but appeared to him that they had never taken sufficient steps to make this coloDy and its advantages known in the old country. He would suggest to the Chief Secretary the importance of appointing a public lecturer for that purpose as had been done by the Government of Queensland. The result was that ship after ship continued to leave England with large numbers of emigrants for Queensland. He had read in English papers that public lecturers were em ployed in going from place to place making known the advantages of Queensland as a place for emigrants to better their condition. The Agent ? General could not be expected to employ an assistant emigration agent as a lecturer for his small pittance; on the contrary, the Ealary of £700 or £800 a year was quite inadequate to enable him to fill his positicn with credit to himself and advan tage to the colony. He hoped the Chief Secretary in his reply would inform them that the Govern ment would seriously consider the question of appointing a public lecturer, or taking some other steps to bring under the notice of the Eaglish public the advantages of this colony to intending immigrants. They ought not to sit down con tented as if our 200.000.000 acres of land were sufficiently occupied already. The Select Com mittee on Immigration appointed in the session of 1855-56, of which Mr. Davenport was the Chair man, recommended that some such steps should be adopted; but at that time very serious injury had been done to the colony by the intro duction of a large number of female immigrants of a dass not required. If hon. gentlemen would, however, read the report of the Select Committee he had referred to they would glean from it much valuable information. He hoped the Government would take the necessary steps to make the colony extensively known in England The Hon. T. HOGARTH thought this waa one of the best measures ever introduced since he had a seat in the Council. Wichtbe exception of the Land Bill it was the very beat Bill he had seen. It Btruck him, however, that a Bill of that kind should not be confined to a particular class of immigrants. He believed there was a good deal in what the Hon. Mr. Morgan had said as to the necessity of making the colony known in England. When he went home in 1862 he found that the people were well acquainted with Victoria, New South WaleB, and New Zealand; but they knew nothing about South Australia except tbst they imagined it to be a part of Victoria. He believed with the Hon. Mr. Morgan that the money employed in engaging a paid lecturer would be well spent. He shouM be sent through the agricultural districts, and even into the towns, to induce the people to emigrate to South Aus* tralia. It was true that the corn, wool, and copper sent home would be a very good advertisement, but as tbe quantity of corn grown this year would be greater than in any previous year the want of labour was already severely felt. He had much pleasure in supporting the BilL He approved of its principle, as it would have the effect of inducing the people to stop here after they arrived. The Hon. W. MILNE would also support the Bill. Our greatest want was the want of labour. He regretted to see, however, that the operation of the Bill would be to encourage only one class of immigrants— those who would settle upon tbe Crown lands. If they wished the colony to progress they must encourage its manufactures, ana endeavour to develop our native industries. Why should not this Bill offer facilities for the im migration of cloth manufacturers and weavers? In Victoria they were doing so, and the result had been very satisfactory. Then why not bring out weavers an d tradesmen 1 Why not hold out encou ragements to Companies to nominate bakers or miners, or any other kinds of workmen they might require? He would support the second reading, but he would feel it his duty to prepare aa amend ment of the 12th clause in Committee. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir. H. Ayers) re plied—The subject suggested by the Hon. Mr, Morgan, of appointing a paid lecturer to travel through the .old country, had engaged the atten tion of tbe Government, and they believed that much good would result from its adoption. No doubt a great deal of ignorance existed at home in reference to this colony. If it could be shown how superior it was to England as a place of resi dence for the working classes and others we should soon have a large accession to our population. He did not regard tbe Rill in the same light as the Hon. Mr. Milne had done, but believed that any Company— whether engaged in weaving, mining, or even baking— might avail themselves of the provisions of the BilL With respect, however, to weaving, he did not think it could make much progress in these colonies except in the manu facture of some of the p'ain kind of goods. The expense of importing and erecting machinery, the cost of labour, and the keen competition going on at home would pi event its becoming an extensive branch of industry here at present, whatever it might do after they were dead and gone. Even in regai d to Geelong tweeds he had bean assured that the dealers could not compete with the English imported goods. He did not wish to check private enterprise, but neither was it attempted to do so by this BilL Any Company could nominate miners, weavers, or even bakers under its pro visions. The motion was carried, and the Bill was accord ingly read the second time. In Committee. Clauses 1 to 4. Passed as printed. Clause 5. Land-order warrants may be exchanged for land-orders. The Hon. W. MILNE asked if these land-order warrants wonld be transferable, and if so would the person to whom they were transferred be required to remain two years- in the colony. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayersf said that the person holding the land-order warrant would be entitled to receive a land-order in exchange, but the land-grant would not issue either to the purchaser or to the person to whom the order had been issued till after they had resided two years in the colony. The very object of the Bill would be defeated witheut a provision of that kind. The Hon. W. MILNE did not see why the holder of the land-order, as well as the person to whom it was originally issued, should be com pelled to remain here. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) That was one of the main features of tbe BiH. The clause was carried. Clauses 6 to 11. Passed as printed, Clause 12. Land-orders to shippers, &c.; The Hon. W. MILNE thought that this clause should te made entirely unrestrictive. If a person or Company desired to bring out a suitable immi grant, no matter whether it was a fcaker, weaver, or what not, he skquld be allowed t« do so under the provisions of this clause. Why should it be con nnea to those who would settle upon the land? ul ?0D-,9nie' Secretafy had referred to weavers; but he (Mr. Milne) had no idea of bringing out hand-weavers. The Hon. Chief Secretary, if he would go to Victoria, would find it quite worth his wnue to visit the weaving establishment near beelong. Most of the hands employed at that manufactory must have been specially brought out from home for the purpose; and if Companies could find employment fora large number of hands Me that, why should not others be encouraged to bring them out. no matter whether they were miners, shepherds, or anything else? He wished to make the Bill available for all classes of the community; and with that view he would move that the words, ' or for engaging in any colonial mduBtry,' after the words, 'cultivating the same,' in the 35th line, be inserted. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir a Ayers) said the amendment was unnecessary, because any person could nominate whoever he pleased under the 11th clause, which was as follows :—' Whea any natural-born or naturalized subject Qf Her Majesty, resident in the said province, desires to nominate any suitable person for a passage from Europe thereto, and shall have paid to the said Commiusioner the sum set forth in the second schedule hereto, according to the scale therein specified, the person so nominated shall be entitled to receive a passage aocordingly, and the person so nominating shall, on payment in the said pro vince of the balance of Buch passage-money, within 12 calendar months after the arrival of such person nominated, calculated at the rate of £lo for every statute adult, be entitled to receive a land-order of the value of £20, which order shall be available in the same manner as a land-order Bsuedunderchuseoof this Act' The Hon. W. MILNE— But such nominations had to be made in the colony ; whereas it might I°u Pecessarv to appoint an agent at home, ana ne wished to give power to such agents acting on behalf of persons in this colony the right to Ti?m^au immigra°i8- In nine cases out of ten this ? could not be done in the colony. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) '**$$* fiQte the hon. gentleman hadmisuK' stood the application of the clause. It wag not tSSSoVa0^^ ™™s™* by name: That could be done by the agent acting on behalf of the person in the colony he represented. This 12th clause had keen inserted en the representation of shipowners, who would avail themselves of a provision of that kiad in bringing out immigrants, and if it became law the Hon. Mr. Milne or any other person would be able to nominate as many persons as he pleased, in accordance with the regulations. The stipulation respecting their remaining two years in the colony would be enforced, because many might otherwise be dis wsed to leave immediately after their arrivaL The miners in particular were a shifting people. The Hon. W. MOEGAN understood this 12th clause to have been introduced with the special object of encouraging Danish and Swedish immi gration. He did not see why miners could not be brought out under its provision as well as others. Though they sometimes left the colony, there were others whe came, and many of even those who went to Queensland had returned. He was quite satisfied, however, that there would be more agri culturists brought put under this clause than of other classes, the distress being so great amongst them in England, as was indicated by the nume rous strikes that had taken place. The Hon. T. ELDER was in favour of any system of immigration, if conducted upon fair and juat principles ; but, as the 12th clause was restricted to those who intended to 'settle on the Crown lands thereof and cultivate the same,' he regarded it as one-sided and partial. It Beemed to be a farmers' clause. He would therefore second the amendment proposed by the Hon. Mr. Milne. The Hon. W. STORBIE suggested that the object of tbe Hon. Mr. Milne could be best attained ty striking out the words quoted by the Hon. Mr. Elder. The CHIEF SECRETARY (SirH. Ayers) pre ferred the Hon. Mr. Milne's amendment to that, but would rather see the clause passed as it stood; The Hon. W. Milne's amendment was carried, and the clause passed. The remaining four clause?, the schedules, and preamble passed without amendment. The Council resumed, and the Chairman brought up the report, which was adopted. The Bill was then read a third time and passed. MISCELLANEOUS LEASES BILL This Bill was received from the House of Assem bly and read a first time, The second reading was made an Order of the Day for the day following. TREASURY BILLS BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) moved the second reading of a BiU for an Act t# authorize the raising of £139,000 for public pur poses by Treasury bills. The reason why it was necessary to introduce this Bill was in consequence of the Committee appointed to consider the Con solidated Public Loans Bill reporting to the House of Assembly as follows: — 'Your Committee recommend that, pending the further consideration of this matter, no issue of new bonds should be made in the London market, but they are of opinion that, for any present public purposes, Treasury bills not exceeding three years' currency should be issued in these colonies, where, from the abundance of money, a ready and advantageous sale could be made,'1 The intention of the Government was to have supplied the various sums of money required for the different woiks authorized out of the one fund to be created as the Consolidated Loan Fund. But in consequence of the recommendation of the Committee that the Bill for that purpose should be held over, the Government had adopted the suggestion made, and introduced this measure to raise by Treasury bonds £l00,Q00 for construct ing the Overland Telegraph, Adelaide to Port Darwin; £25,0C0 for constructing the works for the water supply of Glenelg, for which reason the Bill upon that subject would be altered by a recom mendation from the Governor ;and £14,000 for addi tions to the drainage works in the South-East. He needed not to point out how necessary it was that Government loans should not be issued in such small amounts aa £14,000 or £25,000, on which account it had been deemed desirable to raise the three amounts' together. In refe rence to the item for the South-Eastern Drainage Works, it would be seen by Paper 139 that -the cost of the increased works recom mended by the Committee ef the House of Assembly was £13,419 9s. 8d. They therefore proposed to raise £14,000 for that purpose. The Hon. W. MORGAN supported the second reading. He had no objection to this mode I of raising money, although he had objected to the mode of applying it when raised. He approved of Treasury bills as a very proper way of raising necessary sums. He could not help remembering, however, that when they raise £100,000 for the Northern Telegraph, and he said it would cost £300,000, the Chief Secretary most indignantly said no. He did not object to the telegraph costing £300,000, as it was a very great achievement. But they were paying high for the honour and glwy of it, and it would have been better if they could have had it cheaper. The motion was carried, and the Bill read a second time. The Council then went into Committee. The whole of the Bill was passed without amendment. The Council resumed, and the Chairman brought up the report, which was adopted. The Bill was then read a third time and passed. The Council adjourned at 4 o'clock intil 2 o'clock the following day. THE PARLIAMENT. LE&ISLATIVE; COUNCIL. ' Wednesday, November 27. The PBittflDKNT took the Chair at 2 o'clock. SESSIONAL ORDER. . XUC iininc DE,OXkXlXa_n J. \QU lit OJUV nteved— ??..??-. . ' That tbe Sessional Order of the 23rd January ast. leculatins the davs and hours of meeting of Conned, be discharged, to allow tbe Council to meet from day to day, as may be most con venient. 't might be desirable, at the close of the session, to meet on other days than those provided for in ihe Sessional Order, and it was the practice of the Comnal to rescind such Order near the end of the session. : Carried. STANDING ORDEBS. ' , The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) moved— ; ?? ; 'That for the remainder of the session the StandiBR Orders be suspended to allow any Bill that lias passed tbe first reading to be passed througb; itsseveral remaining stages without delay.' Carried. _ .4. 4. . BONUSES BILL. Jttad toe third time and passed. NORTHERN TERRITORY LAND BILL. Bead the third time and passed. PREVENTION OF DISEASES IN STOCK BILL. Consideration in Committee of the reasons of the Assembly for disagreeing to amendments made by the Council in this Bill. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) f aid the first amendment to which tbe Assembly had disagreed was in page 3, line 28. The Council f-tnickoutthe words 'The proclamation of Scab Districts Act, 1867.' The reason assigned for ob jecting to this amendment was. 'Because the provisions of Act No. 1 of 1867 having been in corporated in this Bill, the repeal of that Act becomes necessary.11 He moved that the amend ment be not insisted upon. Carried. A consequent verbal amendment of the clause w?£ir B££¥ld& i118'11!^ the plural for the singular. The CHIEF SECKETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said the second amendment objected to by the Assembly was on page 10, line 17, to leave out the words from 'pounds' to the end of the clause. The reason of the Assembly for disagreeing to this clause was, 'Because it is considered desirable that owners or occupiers of runs on each Bide of the River Murray should enjoy the privilege granted by the proviso of the clause, otherwise much unnecessary inconvenience and annoyance may arise.' fie moved that the amendment be not insisted upon. The Hon. W. MOKGAN asked the Council to insist upon tbe amendment; for if not, owners of runs on the other side of the Murray would be at great disadvantage in some persons being allowed to cross their stock without a permit There was no Bcab in the South-East, and while sufficient protection was given it was all that was required. The provisions eught to be stringent, but it was unnecessary to put stockholders to a greater incon venience than was rennired. The Hon. A. B. MUKKAY supported the Hon. Mr. Morgan's amendment, although not altogether for the reasons he assigned. He would rather see the clause out; but it was in the Bill, so he Bup ported it in the way that would do least harmr and not privilege one class against another. The Hon. VV. PARKIN did not exactly under- ' stand what the Chief Secretary wanted or what the Hon. W. Morgan wanted. The CHIEF SECKETAEY (Sir H. Ayers) ex plained that when the Bill came down from the House of Assembly it contained a proviso that when a lessee possessed a run on both sides of the river he might move his Btock trom side to aide for station purposes without hindrance under the regulations of the clause. It seemed to him only a reasonable provision, but the Hon. Mr, Morgan had obtained its being struck out, and the House of Assembly asked for its retention. The Hon. W. MORGAN said that the Bill when it came from the House of Assembly was the same as No, 27 on their files, but in the 30th clause he put in the words 'crossiag-places for all stock or other sheen coming from the South-Eastern Di* trict,' and struck out the proviso, which conse* quently became unnecessary. Tbe motion that the amendment b« not insisted on was negatived. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) said that the House of Assembly had objected to he amendment on page 11, line li making it 'incumbent on the Government to erect finger posts en all roads leading to quarantine districts.'* The House of Assembly disagreed with that, 'Because it imposed a responsibility on the Government which, in the opinion of that House, ought not to be imposed.' The House of Assembly considered that it would be difficult for the Govern ment to erect the finger-posts as the {amendment lequired, and he moved that the amendment be not insisted upon. Ihe Hon. A. B. MUKRAY did not know whether the Hon. Mr. Elder would inBistonthe amendment, but it was an important one, as the finger-po8tB would point out where a man might otherwise run full into a trap. The tjovemroent said they did not wish to take the responsibility of erecting these posts ; but let a man get bia stock across the quarantine boundary, although inad vertently, and the Government would take care to inflict a heavy fine. He thought the Ministry ought to have the responsibility of erecting these Bigns, and if the Hon. Mr. Elder insisted on the amendment he would support him. The CHIEF SECKETAKY (Sir H. Ayere) said the Government did define the quarantine dir* tricts by proclamation, but it would be difficult to comply with this provision. A road from Ade laide might lead to a quarantine district, although it waa right up North. The amendment did not Bay where the posts were to be at the corners of roads, or how many miles apart It was utterly ? vague, and impossible to carry out. The Hon. W. PAitKIN asked how many finger posts would be required to carry out the provision. The CHIEF SliCKETARY (Sir S. Aym) said it was out of the power of any person to make the necessary calculation. The Hon. T. HOGAKTH thought the vague ness might be got over by saying the posts should be put up immediately outside the ' quarantine districts. But they ought to stick to some sort of amendment on this, as it would point out the limits of tha quarantine land to persons who might not know them by the pro clamation. Ihe Hon. A. B. MTTRRAY wished epecially to preBS the point that if a man crossed his stock inadvertently over the quarantine boundary they were not allowed to come out again until the quarantine was over. The Chief Secretary Beemed to think it would be an awful punishment to the Government to erect finger-poste, but it would be utterly unequal to that of persons who got into the quarantine grounds through the absence of such notices, and ceuld not get out again. The Hon. W. MORGAN thought that, aa the punishment was so severe to a person whose stock got on to the quarantine grounds, the Government ought to take very great precautions to prevent that occurring inadvertently. It was true, there was the proclamation. But the Gazette was not read, and was so dry a publication that it had been suggested a serial ought to be published in it to make it more interesting. Many persons with stock did not pee the Gazette from year to year, fie did not say the amendment should stand as it 'was: but some such provision was needed. The wpids were vague; but the Chief Secretary; with his greater experience, could probably suggest % better form. The PRESIDENT mentioned that the Hon. Messrs. Morgan and Hogarth in their remuka eemed to be supposing they could alter the BtlL Bat the question before the Council was whether this amendment be insisted upon or not. The Hon. W. MORGAN understood that per fectly. But there were other ways of altering a Bill, such as by a message from the Governor. The Hon. W. MILNE thought that the amend ment and many of tbe remarks made implied that the Government would be negligent in their duties in quarantine districts. If persona travelling with stock could be led into quarantine districts as into traps the Government would be wanting in proper care. But he apprehended it would be the duty of the Government to have persons in control of quarantine places to Gee that the flocks put in did not get out, and the eame control would be iffectual to preventing persons getting in inadver tently. He therefore considered the amendment unnecessary, while it would be useless, for the finger-posts were to be put on the roads, but per sons always travelled stock on the grass. The Government would exercise proper control, and, where they saw it necessary, not restrict the' definition of the boundaries to a proclamation, and he would leave the responsibility tothe Govern meet. The Hon. T. ELDER felt called upon to insist upon the amendment, as tbe erection of finger posts were a simple and necessary precaution. Without such a provision a great deal of incon venience might arise. The wording he suggested in bis amendment was 'Finger-posts to be erected to point out the locality of quarantine districts.' (Hear, hear.) The posts mii3t be near the district to do that. He did not see that it would entail much expense or trouble on the Government to erect the posts, so he should vote for the amend ment being insisted upon. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Sir H. Ayers) held that the Hon. Mr. Milne's explanation was the proper one. Clause 31 empowered the Go vernor, with the advice of the Executive Council, by proclamation in tne South Australian Gazetteto declare any run. station, farm, psddock, or locality in the province a quarantine district, if tnere were not well-marked boundaries the Government .would - have to erect them. The Hon. Mr. Morgan took exception to a proclamation m the Ooveminent Gazette, and hon. members often asked who wad 