NEW ZEALAND. Mr. Milne, chit f officer of the City of Auckland steamer, on her voyage to Melbourne, fell overboard, and was drowned. The Danish immigrants to New Zealand are described as not doing by any means so well as the Norwegian immigrants, Mr. M'Lean's visit to Waikato has been attended with satisfactory results. A Native meeting had been held at Won, when Mr. McLean's views were explained to the Ngatiraukawa tribe, which resolved to secede from the King and define their boundaries. Important changes are taking place in the Waikato in consequence of the number of II much as adherents becoming much reduced. A native comed Uaeka, known as Foote's butcher, was brought before the magistrates of Napier charged with the murder of the native niuiltDun in July, 1868. After two witnesses had been examined, the prisoner was remanded ; it was expected that he would be committed for trial. Mr. Arnot, late proprietor of the Wellington Mercury, died, it is supposed, of poison. A collier, the City of Newcastle, was discovered to Lo on fire at the wharf. The fire was put out before much damage was done. It is supposed to be the act of an incendiary, and RccBy, one of the crew, has been arrested. Guildford, a fireman, fall down the hatch, and died in a few minutes. A man named Simmonds died in the Invercargill hospital. A post-mortem examination showed that injuries to the head had caused his death, and Morrison, landlord of the Ben Mere Hotel, was committed for manslaughter. An attempt to float a Pearl Fishery Company at Auckland has failed, and the affair has been wound up. More recent news from New Zealand (received by the Alexandra on the 18th September says that a telegram from Mr. W. H. Webb, dated New York, August 1, has been received by Messrs. Henderson and Macfarlane, agents for the San Francisco mail steamers. Mr. Webb had received intelligence of the fall of the Duffy Government and the improbability of the Victorian contract being ratified by the Legislature He had therefore altered the destination of the Deootah from Melbourne to San Francisco. The Deootah was to leave New York for San Francisco on August 10, and it was expected that she would arrive in San Francisco in time to take the mails which leave there on November 6. The Nevada will not proceed further than Honolulu this trip, returning from there with the August mails. The Nebraska also will make one more trip to Honolulu and back, but on her next outward trip the Nevada will go straight through to San Francisco, followed by the Nebraska, and the service, will thereafter proceed without transhipment at Honolulu, the steamers running through from Auckland to San Francisco. The Fox Ministry, having been defeated on Mr. Stafford's resolutions, resigned, and Mr. Stafford was sent for. It was thought that Messrs. Gillies and Reid would join him. Two Maori members were to be added to the Executive to advise on native matters. From the meteorological tables lately issued by Dr. Bennett, the Registrar- General, it would eet>m that Wellington is more subject to earthquakes than any other place in New Zealand. The trout ova, which arrived from the Salmon Commissioners of Tasmania, had been landed in good condition at Auckland. The Thames Exhibition had been a great success. The works at Kaipara and Waikato were being pushed on rapidly. Several cases of leprosy were reported to have occurred among the Maories. The survey of lands at Ohinemuri, on the Thames, had been stopped by the orders of the chief Te Hire. The natives in the interior of the Thames district were again trouble seems 