SUMMARY FOR . EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament is still sitting, and likely to continue so for another month at least. It was anticipated that the session would have been a short one, and at one time there appeared some probability of the expectation being realised. There is no hope of that now, and hon. members may think themselves fortunate if their legislative labours are brought to a termination by the end of November. There is a large amount of important business yet to be disposed of, and on one of the principal measures of the session-the Mining on Private Property Bill-the two Houses will soon be at issue, as the Legislative Council has so altered it that the As- sembly will be obliged to disagree with the amendments. During the month the Legislative Council has rejected the Land Act Amendment Bill, the Labour Bill, and the Permissive Bill. Little regret, however, was either felt or expressed at their fate, as it was felt that the legislation contemplated by them was altogether superfluous. The manner in which the Council has dealt with the Mining on Private Property Bill is being received In a very different manner by the country. The measure was one which the miners have asked for for years past, and although by no means a perfect bill, its introduction by the Government and its acceptance by the Legislative Assembly were hailed with great satisfaction. The object of the bill was to make provision whereby certain land alienated from the Crown could be entered upon for mining pur- poses. Up to the present time, all contracts entered into between the owners of land overlying auriferous deposits are of questionable legality, although in some instances enormous sums have been paid for the right to mine, and land worth at the most £5 per acre has been sold for hundreds of poundsperacre on account of the supposed wealth of the leads or reefs contained in it. The bill, recognising the right of the Crown to all the gold in the land, laid down the conditions under which it could be extracted, secured the owner from all harassing annoyance, gave him leave to mine on the land himself, legalised existing contracts, and allowed further contracts between the proprietor and persons desirous of mining. Almost the only thing which the owner could not do under the measure was to refuse either to mine himself or to allow any one else to do so. himself or to allow any one else to do so. The bill was read a second time in the Council on the 24th inst., but in committee the very prin- ciple of the bill was altered, so that from being a bill to regulate mining on private property, it became a bill to vest all the gold contained in the land in the owners of the surface. It was hoped that upon the recommittal of the bill on Tuesday last the Council would reconsider its decision, and make some amendments more In the spirit of the measure as It left the Assembly. It, however, declined to do so, and the bill remains as just described. If passed into law the bill, instead of remedying, would aggravate the evils of which the miners have so long complained. At present, however, no persons can be prosecuted for mining under private property, sO long as they do not trespass upon the surface, without the Attorney General, as representing the Crown, being made a party to the prosecution. In the Assembly, some days since, the At- torney-General said that he regarded such a course as ultra vires, as exercising a demoralising effect, and intimated very plainly that for the future it would not be adopted, so that, pending legisla- tion on the subject, miners having traced a lead or reef up to the boundary of private land will be able to follow it underneath just as far as they can manage to work, without let or hind- rance. A conference between both Houses may be held on the subject, and some arrangement arrived at, but at present this does not seem very pro- bable. The principal political event of the month has been the debate in the Legis- lative Assembly on the second reading of the Education Bill, It only termi- nated last night, after having lasted over eight sittings. The leading principle of the measure is that education shall be free, secular, and compulsory. To get rid of the religious difficulty no religious teaching is to be permitted in the school houses either before or after school hours, and provision is made for the abolition of the present Board of Education, the appointment of a Minis- ter of Education, and the gradual absorption of all the schools in the colony into the new system. Those «denominational schools which refuse to come under it will be allowed to ¿retain their school houses and land, ?but at the expiration of five years they will . cease to receive any aid from the state. The clergy of most of the denominations are in arms against the bill, and have of course jraised the cry against what they term .a godless and irreligious system of education. It is pretty evident, however, that the real, though concealed, objection which they entertain to the bill is that it will deprive them of the power which they now wield through having the virtual control of the schools. The clergy have .now the right to give instruction in the vested Bchools of tile colony for one hour each day, after tho conclusion of the each day, after tho conclusion of the secular education, but in only 10 schools out of d10 is this privilege used. It appears certain that with some amend- ments which may be made in committee, theblll will pass the Legislative Assembly, and if it becomes law it will bo an Immense improvement on oirí present educational system,/-1' Nothing .more has been done with regard to postal communication with the mother country. A communication was received by the last mall from the agent- general of South Australia by the Government of that colony, stating that the Imperial Government proposed to convey the Australian mails to and from Galle free, and to grant a subsidy of £40,000 towards the expense of the service between that port and Australia. Pending the confirmation of this state- ment, it is not likely that any action will be taken by the Government of this colony. - By the last mall the Government received the intelligence that Mr. Childers, having accepted office In the British Cabinet as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, had resigned the office of agent-general of this colony. At the same time the right hon. gentle- man promised to continue to act until his successor was appointed. At a Cabinet meeting held a short time aftor, it was determined to ask Sir James M'Culloch to accept the office, and his appointment will v be Bent home by the outgoing mail. Some fears are ' enter- tained that Sir James may refuse the offer, but the Ministry depend upon him to fill the office until some one else is found. In all probability a bill will be brought in next session increasing the remuneration of the office, limiting the tenure to three years, and making such an alteration in the Officials in Parliament Bill as will allow the ap- pointment to be conferred on a member of Parliament. Sir James M'Culloch will of course be informed of this con- tingency. SOCIAL. In social affairs tho month has not beon particularly eventful. We are still in ignorance as to the progress that is being made in the repair of the submarine cable between this continent and Java, and pending the renewal of direct telegraphic communication, arrangements have been made by South Australia on behalf of the various colonies, excepting Queensland, for a temporary steam service between Port Darwin and Banjoewangie, Java. The agents of the Netherlands- India Company have tendered for the service for £2,000 a month, and the service is to be commenced without delay. It is expected that the first English message will be transmitted from Port Darwin to Adelaide, and thence to Melbourne, Sydney, &c;, early in November. The excitement regarding the supposed rich gold discoveries at Charters Towers, Queensland, and in the far north, has subsided, and numbers of disappointed miners have returned from the former place, which was nearly proving a second Port Curtis. In another place in the Summary this subject is more fully entered into. For a time it was feared, from the seeming apathy of manufacturers and producers, that this colony would be but poorly represented at the London Exhibition, but applications for space at the Melbourne Exhibition, which is to be held as a preliminary to the more important affair, are now coming in freely, and it is already seen that the show will be well furnished with specimens of the colony's produce arjd manufactures. Wool-growers, farmers, meat-preservers, ¿sa, are making their entries rapidly. " Machinery in motion" will be an important department in the exhi- bition. The Government has undertaken to provide a sum of £2,000 towards erecting an Australian annexe at South Kensington, and the commissioners of tbe Exhibitionhnve accordingly placed themselves in communica- tion with similar bodies in the other colonies for the purpose of inducing them to join Vietoiia in the erection of a structure worthy the magnitude and importance of Australia. The oniy definite reply which has yet been received is from South Australia, which declines to join in the movement, but it is hoped that the other colonies will take amore favourable view of the proposal. The Vienna Exhibition has not been lost sight of, and arrangements are being made by which Victorian products will be forwarded thence after they have been shown in London. An affair has happened in connexion with H.M.V. S. Victoria which is notât all creditable to the Victorian naval service. The vessel having recently undergone extensive repairs, a trial trip was mado down the bay. On returning up the South Channel the Victoria went aground on a sandbank, and tburo remained for a number of hours. The weather fortunately continued fine, and the vessel was at last got off without having sustained any injury. An inquiry into the circumstances was hold by the Pilot Board, when some very unpleasant dis- closures were made. Lieutenant Tandy, who was nominally in command of the Victoria, stated that hewas totally ignorant of the navigation of the South Channel, and had not considered himself to be in charge of tho vessel, his senior officer, Captain Panter, having been on board in a position of com- mand. Captain Panter, in his turn, placed the responsibility upon the shoulders of Lieu- tenant Tandy, making out that the latter was practically as well as nominally in charge of the vessel. In any aspect of tbe case, it is not gratifying to find that an officer who might on some occasion have to take part in the naval defence of the port knows nothing of the navigation of tho bay, while the conduct of Captain Panter in trying to escape responsibility by blaming an inferior officer does not redound to the credit of the service. The Pilot Board has sent in its report to the Government, but the nature of it has not been officially an- nounced. It is stated, however, in well informed circles that both Captain Pan tor and Lieutenant Tandy come in for a share of blame, the one for not making it clear to his subordinate whether he was or was not in charge on the day in question, and the other for not exercising that amount of vigilance which might have been expected from him. The Government, as yet, has taken no action on the report. The Victoria is about to relieve the Pharos in the coast survey service. Lieutenant Stanley, R. N., will take command of her. A notable example of the progress of manufacturing power in the colony has been furnished. Not long since the Government informed Parliament that they had sent home for a number of locomotive engines for the now rnilwnv lines, hut thav wero indurar! fn new railway lines, but they were induced to countermand the order until an opportunity had been afforded to local foundry companies to tender. Tenders were accordingly invited, and, to give small contractors a chance, the work was thrown open in three ways, i e., tenderers could offer to supply six engines, to be ready in l8 months, or nine to be ready in the same time, or the whole 15, the number at present required, and state themselves when the first instalment would be delivered, and when the last. Three different establishments tendered, and the Phonix Company, of Ballarat, which is at present making several other engines, was stated to be the lowest, viz., £30,G10, six engines to be delivered in l8 months and nine in 301/2 months ; but it has since been urged that the tender of Messrs. Wright and Ed- wards, of West Melbourne, for £50,820, is practically lower, as the tenderers undertake to deliver the engines in a shorter period of time. The contract price is exclusive of the cost of wheels and axles, which the Govern- ment will supply from the railway workshops. A few years ago the execution of such a con- tract by colonial manufacturers would have been regarded as almost an impossibility. Tenders for the construction of the socond sections of the two new lines of railway now in progress have been opened. For the section from Newstead to Maryborough, on the Castlemaine and Dunolly line, there were seven tenders, and the lowest was £51,312 4s. 4d" by John Thomas. The length of the section is 10 miles, so that the rate per mile is a little over £2,700, Por the first section of 14 miles, the rate was £3,472 12s, 5d;; or £49,609 3s. 6d. for the whole section. If £1,700 be added for the rolling stock, stations, and purchase of rails, the rate for the second section will be only £4,400 per mile. For the second section of the Ballarat and Ararat line, viz., from Burrumbeet to Beaufort, 15 miles, the amount of the lowest tender out of 11 was £32,458 2s. 4d" by Joel Tomkins. The tender for the first section of 14 miles was £33,794 19a. 7d., or at the rate of £2,413 18s. 0¿d. per milo. The rate for the second section is about £2,164 per mile, or nearly £250 per mile less; and with the cost of rolling stock, stations, and the purchase of rails added, £3,864 per mile. -But the earthworks on the second section of the Ararat line are very light, and from five miles out fifteen consist merely of surfacings. A report has come from New Zealand which would have excited very great interest amongst the community if it had been credited. The statement, which was published in the Auckland papers, is to the following effect :-" Private information of a most roliablo and highly influential kind has lately been received by a gentleman in Tauranga, from relations at home, that His Royal Highness and the Princess of Wales intend to travel eastward, visiting the various dependencies of the empire in this part of the globe, including Australia and New Zealand." It has been announced that Mr. George Robertson, of Melbourne, has purchased the sole right of publishing in Australia Mr. Anthony Trollope's forthcoming work on the Australian colonies, and that the proprietors of The Australasian have purchased from Mr. Robertson the right of publishing Mr. Trol- lope's work in weekly portions in their news- paper. Mr. Robertson intends issuing the work in book form. Much interest was excited during the month regarding the result of the long ocean race between the steamers Great Britain and Northumberland, which it was known had left England within a day or two of each other. The Northumberland having sailed from London had the advantage of route, and her arrival first, after a splendid passage of 521/2 days, was regarded as what might have been expected. The Great Britain's arrival followed quickly, the voyage having occupied 53 days and about six hours. As she had to traverse a longer course than the Northumberland, her passage appears to have been the best by a few hours. The question has been discussed with animation by the admirers of the respective vessels, but the calculation made by Mr. Ellery, the Go- vernment astronomer, and supplied to The Argus, seems to have been accepted as a final settlement of the point. The Great Britain. Mr. Ellery finds, had to traverse 205 miles more than the Northumberland. The Northumberland's time from Plymouth (pilot) to the Heads was 53d. 5b. 40m.; and the Great Britain's, from Liverpool (pilot) to tbe Head« was 63d. 22h. 30m,, the Great Britain's time being, therefore, lGh. 50m. more than that of the Northumberland. The Great Britain, however, had 205 miles further to go. Her average speed was 237 miles cer day, and she should therefore be given 20h. 46m. to do the 205 miles. She only took 10b. 50m. more than tbe Northumberland-ergo, she beat the Northumberland by 3b. 56 m. In this calculation local times for leaving and arriving have been taken in both cases. The actual duration of the passage in each case was-Northumberland, 52d. 20h.; Great Bri- tain, 53d. 13h. Resolutions of which Mr. Wrixon has given notice in the Legislative Assembly, having for their object to divest parliamentary representation of its local and personal character, have come under the notice of Mr. Thomas Hare, the author of the so-called theory of representation of minorities. Mr. Hare has written to the bon. and learned gentleman by the recent mail, warmly recognising his attempt to assist tbo cause, as he terms it, "of electoral reform in the true spirit of enlightened democracy," and furnishing him with some interesting pamphlets on the subject. The question as to the site for the new law courts, which are so urgently required, has again come up for discussion, A rumour having got abroad that the Government proposed to erect them on tho site of the old buildings, the inhabitants of West Melbourne held meetings and adopted Melbourne held meetings and adopted a memorial in favour of the site in William street, which was strongly recoramendod a year or two ago. and approvod of by the Government of the day. The matter is still in abeyance, and the precise views of the Go- vernment withTegard to it have not yet been mado known. The West Melbourne people have taken tho opportunity of agitating for various important improvements in that quarter of the city, some of which there is no doubt must be carried out before very long. It is asked, in the first place, that a bridge shall be erected over tbo Yarra in a line with Spencer street, to afford more easy communication with the rapidly-growing towns of Emerald-hill and Sandridge ; and the formation of a river canal, or the deep- ening and widening of the river in the neigh- bourhood of tho wharves, is also urged. At tention is further drawn to the want of bridge accommodation over the Government railway lines in a westerly direction, and the recla- mation and utilisation of certain low lying lands on the banks of the Yarra and Salt- water Rivers is strongly urged. The latter subject is already engaging the attention of a commission appointed by Government. A short session of the Church of longland Assembly has been held, but it was little more than a formal sitting, an early adjournment being necessary in order to enable the Bishop of Melbourne to attend the conference of bishops to be held this month in Sydney. In his address on the first day of the session, Bishop Perry briefly referred to the efforts being made to raise an endowment fund for the proposed new see of Ballarat, and men tioned that the total amount collected or promised towards that object was £3,540. ?Before the formal proceedings commenced, Sir W. 3?. Stawell presented to the bishop a handsomely bound volume, containing the address (and the signatures attached) pre- sented to bis lordship some months since, on the occasion of bis attaining the 25th anniversary of his episcopato. Mr. E Brett, the treasurer of the Perry scholarship fund, mentioned that the contributions amounted to £1,320, and that moro were still coming in. Bishop Perry, in ac- knowledging the presentation, remarked that the kindly feeling towards himself could not have been expressed in a manner more gratifying to himself than by the foundation of a scholarship in connexion with Trinity College. It is in contemplation to erect a scholarship of £45 a year, tenablo for two years. The Sydney conference, which will be attended by clerical and lay representatives of all the dioceses of Australia, has been called together to frame a constitution for a general synod of the church, and to define its functions. Statements and returns of the savings banks of the colony for the year ending 30ch June, 1872, which have latoly been issued, speak favourably for the thrifty habits of the people. The total amount roceived from depositors during the 12 months onded the 30th Juno last, was £542,031 13s. 5d.; the total amount of repayments to depositors, £473,366 17s. 7d.; and the total amount of interest, at tho rate of 4 per cent., allowed to them was £29,40618s. 2d. The total number of accounts opened during thosamoperiodwas 7,283 (of which number2,048 wero old accounts reopened), and of accounts closed 5,677. The total amount of depositors' balances at the 1st July, 1871, having boen £764,230 4j. 5d., and at tho 1st July, 1872, £862,30718s. 5d., the difference' is .an increase of £98,071 14s., equivalent to £12 16s. 8d._, or 12'83 per cent. These returns aro exclusive of tho amounts deposited in tho post-office savings banks, and it is to bo remembered that the deposits in theso institutions represent a very small proportion of the savings of the people, which are invested for the most part in building are invested for the most part in building societies, which are extremely numerous in every part of tho colony. What appears tobe an impudont fraud has been discovered in connexion with the tallow trade. Messrs. Croaker, Scott, and Co. bought some time ago, through Mr. David Mellor Parker, a quantity of tallow at a high price, the amount of the transaction boiug about £400, The tallow was exported to London, from whence carno oat the complaint that the whole consignment was worthless, the casks being filled with some ' rubbish which was not tallow at all. The matter was inquired into, and the result was that two brothers, named Alexander and James Govan, were arrested and charged with conspiracy. From the evidenco given in the Melbourne City Police Court, it appeared that the pri- soners sent some 30 casks of tallow to Goldsbrongh's stores for sale, purporting to be the manufacture of "James Allen, of Warrnambool." The casks were nearly filled with unsaleable stuff, but had been primed at the bnngholes with a little good tallow. With the aid of a storeman, whoso duty it was to sample the tallow, tho rubbish was successfully passed off, the pro- ceeds going into the pockets of the Govans. The obliging storeman received some of the plunder, and another man was bribed to personate the supposed Warrnambool manu« facturer. The complaints which, came from the purchaser in London led to the dismissal of the storeman and to the institution of inquiries which exposed thewhole conspiracy. The case having been heard at some length, the brothers Govan were committed for trial. In January last the clipper ship Ariel sailed from London for Sydney, and has not since been heard of. It is thought, however, that some cluo to the missing vessel, or the fate of some other ship, bos been discovered on King's Island. One of the hunters on tbe island some time ago, in the course of his rambles after game, came across the remains of a boat, at a spot betweon 30 and 40 miles from where the Netherby was wrecked. The boat, it may be mentioned, was teak built, and such as might have belonged to an India or a China clipper, and fiad barnacles adhering to it. Thero was also a quantity of butter, about 101b., adhering to one of the seats, leading to the supposition that there had been provi- sions in the boat. The articles of mounting have been brought over by the cutter Gum from the island, and comprise two circular copper plates of the same size as are generally fixed on either side of a boat's stem, with the ship's name or some character on it. On one of these plates there is a gilt initial resembling as nearly as possiblo the letter "a" in German, and a heraldic device over " wy" like a setting sun, also in gold. The different articles are to be sent homo to the agents of the Ariel for identification. A8omewhat extraordinary and very annoy- ing loss has been experienced within the last .few weeks by Mr. Samuel Arness, formerly mayor of Melbourne. When the new Town hall was opened Mr. Arness was mayor of Mel- bourne, and he fulfilled the duties of his position in so generous a spirit that he was presented by his friends with a valuable gold chain, adorned with pearls, worth some £2;i). Recently this chain, which of course was treasured as a piece of family jewellery, was missed by Mr. Arness, who was totally unable to discover what bad become of it. The aid of the police has been obtained, and Mr. Arness has offered a reward of £100 for the recovery of the missing proporty, but no trace of the chain has been discovered. A convict named John Weechurch, con- fined in Pentridge stockade, made an attempt on the 4th August lost to murder Mr. Duncan, the inspector-general of penal establishments, by stabbing bim. Weechurch was convicted in April, 1866, of burglary, and sentenced to six years' hard labour. This sentence would, in the ordinary course of events have expired in April of the present year, or at an earlior period had the prisoner conducted himself properly. Weechurch, however, proved to be of a most insubordinate nature, and he had hardly been in gaol a month before it was necessary to punish him for misconduct. The punish- ment of whipping is abolished at our penal establishments, and the means provided by our law for keeping prisoners in order are additional sentences, either in soli- tary confinement or in irons, with reduced diet, and for noisy persons confinement to a dark cell, Weechurch so repeatedly misbe- haved himself that he was at different times sentenced to this extra imprisonment for a total of six years two months and 15 days. Thus, at the time when his original sentence should have expired, it had not begun to run. Weechurch, however, contended that it was illegal to detain him after the period for which sentence had been passed in open court by the judge, and asked for his re- tlease. The matter was referred to the law officer of the Crown, who decided against him, Weechurch then applied again for permission to write to the Government, and this being refused he after some time asked to see Mr. Duncan. Mr. Duncan went to see him on the 4th August, and while talking to him Weechurch suddenly produced a knife (which he had contrived to conceal for the previous fortnight in his Bible), and made a thrust at Mr. Duncan in the lower part of his stomach. The wound fortu- nately proved to be very slight, but Weechurch was placed on his trial for the capital crime of attempted murder. He attempted to justify himself by showing that he was in illegal custody, but the judge who tried him ruled that as he was not attempting to escape there was no justification for the assault, and the jury found the prisoner guilty. He was sentenced to death, but his sentence has been commuted by the Executive to hard labour for life. His life has probably been spared because our Gaols Statute leaves it ambiguous whether sentences for offences against prison discipline are cumulative on the original sentence. A bill has been brought in by the Government to remove doubts as to the construction of the statute. Since he was notified of the commutation of sentence, Weechurch made an attempt to commit suicide by cutting a vein in his arm with a piece of glass he picked up in the prison yard. The wound was, however, noticed in time to prevent fatal consequences. It is supposed that the attempt at suicide was occasioned more by a desire of notoriety, and a wish not to be removed from the Melbourne Gaol to Pentridge, rather than an intention on the part of the prisoner to take his own life. On tho 19th August last, a woman of the town, named Mary O'Rourke, was killed hy another woman of the same class, named Margaret O'Donoghoe, in a drunken brawl. O'Donoghoe was tried for murder at the last Criminal Sessions, and the evidence showed that the prisoner, having been exasperated at some taunts cast upon the character of her mother by O'Rourke, struck her repeatedly on the head with an axe, and also jumped upon ber body, fracturing the ribs. The defence was, that the crime was reducible from murder to manslaughter. The jury, however, found the prisoner guilty of the capital crime, and the prisoner was sentenced to death. This sentence has since been commuted to 21 years' hard labour. The members of a firm of warehousemen and importers, Messrs. Oppenheimer and Co., Little Jïlinders-streot, have been prominently before tho public through the medium of the police and law courts since August last, and tvhat has already beon done appears likely to entail a good deal of further litigation. The firm consisted of Adolphe Oppen- heim or Oppenbeimer, who carried on tho business in Melbourne, and Adolphus Opnenhcimer who lived in Paris. In 1871. Oppenheimer who lived in Paris. In 1871, tbo Faiis partner sent out a person named Matthias Hamburger, with power of attorney, to Melbourne, and Hamburger arranged with tbe Melbourno partner for an agreement of dissolution of partnership, which, however, had to bo sent home to, and ratified by, tbe Paiis partner. The latter wrote out refusing to ratify it, but the Melbourne partner baa possession of the business, and would not give \- up possession. There was an equity suit then, which resulted in a decision that the partner- ship was not dissolved, and that therefore the Melbourne partner could not keep exclusive possession of the property of the firm. Forcible possession was taken by Matthias Hamburger, and various papers belonging to the firm and to the Melbourne partner alone, were seized. A few days afterwards the firm was dissolved on an agreement recognised by both sides. In the meantime tho Melbourne partner had sworn a certain affidavit, and on the 20th August he was prosecutod for perjury, tho allegation being that thero wero five distinct false statements in this affidavit. The most remarkable allegation was that the Melbourne partner's name was really Adolphe Oppen- heim, and that he had called himself Adolphus Oppenheimer in the affidavit, adopting the Christian name and final syllable in tho surname of bis Paris partner in order to pass himself off as tho partner who gave the name to the firm, and was known as having found tho capital (viz., Adolphus Oppcnbeimer), after he should have got tho business into his own bands, as it was alleged he intended doing. The partners wero said to be cousins. The other allegations of perjury referred to business transactions, After a good deal of evidence had been heard, Mr. Sturt, P.M., at the City Court, dismissed the case, and made some remarks about persons imprudently rushing into a criminal charge while suffering from feelings of irritation. The affairs of the parties wero next mentioned in an assault case at tho Distiict Court, in which Adolphus Ham- burger, brother of the Paris partner's attorney (Matthias Hamburger), was fined for forcibly preventing a solicitor from entering the premises of the firm. It was hen stated that Adolphus Hamburger had purchased the premises, business, and stock in-trade of A. Oppenheimer and Co. It was mentioned also that the .Paris partner had come to Melbourne and had since disap- peared, and subsequently it was known that warrants had been issued charging the Paris Oppenheimer and Adolphus Ham- burger with conspiracy to defraud the creditors of the insolvent estate of Oppenheimer and Co. An order nisi to sequestrate the estate was applied for, but refused by Mr. Justice Molesworth, who did not wish to make further complications with- out more information as to the partnership. Meantime Adolphus Hamburger, who had been arrested twice, and had been as often dis- charged-once at Wagga Wagga for want of a warrant, and again at Sydney for want of identification--carno over to Melbourne from Sydney voluntarily on the 30th Septomber, and was placed under arrest. He was charged, under the Insolvency Statute, with conspiring with the Paris Oppenheimer to defraud the creditors in the insolvent estate of about £4,000, and with concealing proporty of the insolvent estate. He alleged that the charges were groundless, and meant to annoy him, and prevent his going to England on business. He is now under remand pending the arrest of the Paris Oppenheimer. said to havo gone to King George's Sound to await tho departure of the mail for England. Hamburger is at liberty on bail lo the amount of £2,000. It will be seen that, whereas the Melbourne partner was the one prosecuted for perjury, it is the Paris partner whom it is now sought to convict of conspiracy to defraud. It was reported in lost month's summary, it will be remembered, that the office of Messrs. Boyd and Currie, shipping and matine insurance agents, Market-street, Mel- bourne, had been entered during the night, that the front plate-glass window had been smashed, and that the safe having been opened, all the books, bills, and documonts had been torn into small pieces. It was surmised that some sailors had got in at the window, and had done the damage mentioned to gratify some spite against one of the firm. Circumstances bave since occurred, however, which give a different aspect to the affair. Certain discoveries which wero made led to tbe arrest of a young man named Richard J. S. Botterill, who was charged at the City Police Court with embezzling £13 belonging to Messrs. Boyd and Currie, in whose employment he was. It was stated that the deficiency discovered was of considerable extent, but that it could not bo definitely stated in consequence of the tearing up of the books and papers showing the condition of books and papers showing the condition of the prisoners accounts. Botterill was prose cuted in the Melbourne City Polico Court for embezzlement, but a good cuse was not made out against bim, aud he was discharged. Mention was made last month of the purchase of a city property at an extromt- ly high rate, and the prices realised at a recent auction sale show how well the value of freehold property is sustained. Au allot- ment in Flinders-lane, near Elizabeth-street, of 26ft. frontage by 96ft. in depth, on which is erected a bluestone Btore, in the occupation of Messrs. Mitchell and Bonneau, was sold for £7,050, or about £270 a foot. The premises in Flinders-lane, near Market street, occupied by Messrs. Geo. Bun craft and Co., millers, which possess a frontage of 59ft by a depth of 129ft., fetched £6,000. Two shops in Little Collins streut, near the police court, were sold for £2 450, and tbe EnniscorthyHotel, inLittlo Bourko street, with a frontage of 27ft. by 40ft., realised £1,650. The allotment at the corner of King and Little Collins streets, 94ft by 99fr" brought £3,300, or about £35 a foot The buildings on this ground were but of little value. Otherproperty in Little Collins-street was sold for £17 a foot A piece of land possessing a frontage of 02ft. to Spencer street and 112ft to Dudley-street, was sold far £1,285, and CO acres of the Yar-Orroug estate, at Toorak, subdivided into building allotments, fetched £10,000. There was a spirited competition for the various proper- ties, and the sale realised over £35,000. An important innovation affecting tho legal profession is proposed under new rules for the admission of barristers and attorneys, framed by the judges of the Supreme Court The 'important alteration will be that a barrister -may become an attorney, or an attorney a barrister, by giving a year's notice, passing the examination for the branch of the profession to which ho wishes to attach himself, and paying the fees. Before the rules are finally adopted the members of the profession will be afforded an opportunity of expressing an opinion upon them, and a meoting of the Bar has been summoned for Saturday noxt for that purpose. Extensive additions bave been recently made to tbe Australasian Wool Stores, Collins-street west, the completion of which was celebrated on Friday, 4th inst, by a luncheon given by the proprietors, Messrs. Hastings Cuningham and Co., to their friends and constituents. The guests num- bered upwards of 520, amongst them being the Hon. E. Langton, M.L.A,, Hon. R. Simson, M.L.C., Hon. W. Campbell, M.L C, Hon. J. A. Macpherson, M.L.A., Hon. W. Wilson, M.L.A., Mr. J. MacBain, M.L.A., the Mayor of Melbourne, Mr. E. P. S, Sturt, P.M., Mr. Ireland, Q.C., and numerous repre- sentatives of tho pastoral and mercantile interests. Before sitting down to lunch, the company inspected the premises, and ex- pressed their surprise at the immense accommodation provided for carrying on the business of the firm. The old stores were capable of receiving 4,000 bales of wool, but the recent additions have doubled the storage capacity of the promises. The new building is a large tbreo-storied bluestone structure, 150ft. in length by 43ft. in width. A new saleroom and showroom have also been added. The total cost has exceeded £4,500. At the luncheon, the chairman (Mr. Hastings Cuningham) proposed "The Ministry of Vic- toria," which was responded to by Mr. Langton. Mr. Ireland proposed "Tho Par- liament of Victoria," which was responded to by Mr. Simson on behalf of the Legislative Council, and Mr. Macpherson on behalf of the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Langton then proposed, amid loud cheers, the health of "Messrs. H. Cuningham and Co." ne .i,",] ti.« .?iuessrs. ii. uunmgnam ana uo," ile remarked that all must rejoice at the indications of enterprise and prosperity which the erection of tho additional build- ings the opening of which thoy were celebrating, showed. Occasions like these went to prove that Melbourne was rapidly becoming what our friends on the othor side of the Pacific would call a '' big placo," He paid a warm tribute to the enterprise, perseverance, and integrity of the firm whose guests they were, and concluded amidst loud applause by wishing them every prosperity. The toast was drunk with all the honours, and Mr. Cuningham acknowleged it in suitable terms. Among the passengers by the R.M.S. Tan jore on the 11th September, for London, was Mr. J. Stringer Gill, for many years promi- nently connected with gold- mining in the Castlemaine district. His business in England is to offer to capitalists there an intorest in an important mining venture which ho, ia association with somo other gentlemen, has recently initiated. The scene of tho proposed new company's operations will lio in the Maryborough district, where Mr. Gill has secured 1,200 acres of purchased land on favourable terms. This land is reported on most favourably by geologists and experts in practical gold-mining, and seems to bo a promising field for investment. A number of Mr. Gill's friends met him at Scott's Hotel on the morning of the Tanjore's departure to wish bim bon voyage, and drink success to his spirited undertaking. Most of his associates in the adventure woro present, as woll as several gentlemen from Fryerstown, whoro Mr. Gill nos been long resident, and several members of tho Molbourno pross with whom be (Mr. Gill) was connected in business when ho first arrived in the colony. Mr. Henry Wooldridge presided over tho little demonstration, and Mr, I¡. W. Dickson, tbo legal adviser to tho promoting party, filled the vico chair. Many compli- mentary things woro said of Mr. Gill in tbo course of the proceedings, and somo very experienced mining operators who wero pro sent spoke in most hopeful torms of the mission on which Mr. Gill was about to set out. In acclimatisation, tbe only matter of interest to be noted is the progress of tho hatching of Tasmanian trout ova at tho Zoological and Acclimatisation Society's grounds at the Royal-park and at Ballarat. At the former place the hatching has not been so successful as a similar experiment proved last year, but at Ballarat tho operations of the local society in a similar direction have been rewarded with most gratifying results. The trout batet ed at Ballarat and Ercildoun last year are now fully lOJn, in longth, The Zoological and Acclimatisation Socioty i« adding steadily to its stock of animals, and the gardens at the Royal-park are likely to become a ploce of very popular resort Thero has been some severe weather late'y off tbe eastern coast of Australia, and one of the coasting steamers, the Queensland, while on a voyage from Brisbane to Sydney, expe- rienced rather rough usage The Queensland left Brisbane at 10 o'clock ou the night of 23rd September, and on the following da; a storm commenced, and continued to increase in violence- till the 26th. In the interval several seas of terrific force struck the steamer.' One smashed in part of the port bulwarks, tore away the second officer's cabin and the cookhouse ; whilst another swept away the first officer, Mr. E. Bryant. The gale moderated on the 26th, and the Queens- land was enabled to return to Brisbane, but in a very damaged condition. A rather extraordinary suicide has been committed at Richmond, by Mr. H. A. Hobbs, a surgeon, 28 years of age, who had recently acted as assistant to Mr. Wilson, surgeon, of Richmond. He had lodgings in Church street, and one morning he did not come out of his room as usual. As he did not answer when called the door was forced open, when the deceased was found lying under the bed in a pool of blood. He had been dead some time, and an examina- tion of the body showed that four or five veins had been opened in the left arm with an operating knife, the consequent loss of blood being the cause of death. Deceased left no documents of any significance, but traced in blood on the wall of the room was what apparently was meant for the word "persecution." The letters appeared to havo been traced with a finger dipped in blood, and were about an inch and a half in height, regularly and firmly written. The lettors in reality only spelt "persiution," there being an "i" where there should have been an "e," while either the"c" had been omitted or only one stroke of the " u " had been written. A carte de visile photograph of a fashionably-dressed young lady was found in the room, and from various circumstances which wero known it is believed that the deceased had met with disappointment in some love affair. Some years ago he had sustained an injury to his head, from a fall in hunting, and ho had since beon at times very peculiar in bis manner. A postmortem examination of the body showed the brain to be somewhat affected, and at the inquest which was held, a verdict was returned that the deceased committed suicide while temporarily of unsound mind. The obituary of the month includes the name of Mr. S. Downing, late acting ware- house-keeper of Customs, Mr. Downing was only 45 years of age ; but out of that period he bad been nearly 20 years in the Customs department, and he was held in great respect by all who were acquainted with him. Mr. John Kendall Morriss, who had been for 20 years manager of the Bank of Australasia at Geelong, has died, after a short illness. Ho had been connected with tho bank for a period of altogether 30 years, and had occupied during that timo many public positions in the town. At Maldon, Mr. Robert Howliston. one of the proprietors of the Tarrengower 'Times, died suddenly, of effusion of the brain. In tbe course of an application in the Equity Court in reference to the estate of the lato Mr. John Moffatt, of Hopkins-hill, it transpired that ho owned at his death 133,000 acres of land, that his real and personal estate was vnlued at £390,000, and that the property on which duty WOB paid, after do dueling debts, was £212,000. The duty amounted to £10,600. Mr. Moffatt's romains are to be interred in the Melbourno General Cemetery. Mr. Robert Martin, an elderly gentleman, who occupied a good position in the office of the engineer in chief of Railways, has committed suicide at Hotham by shooting himself with a pistol. He had been suffering for many months from a most agonising internal complaint, and was never out of pain except when under the influence of medicines. One afternoon, when suffering probably from an unusually severe paroxysm of pain, he got up out of bed, and seizing a pistol, which happened to be in the room, shot himself through the head. An inquest was held on the body, the verdict of the jury being that the deceased shot himsolf when suffering from temporary insanity,.caused by excessive pain. The ship Miltiades, bound for London, has on board a shipment of 100 tons of bone dust prepared for exportation in an altogether novel manner, and one which promises to come into extensive use. The manufacture of bone-dust and othor animal manures has greatly increased in Melbourne since meat preserving operations commenced, and since the farmers have not yet got into the way of usine artificial fertilisers to anv ereafc extnnt. using artificial fertilisers to any great extent, it has been getting more and more difficult year after year to find a profitable market for the manures produced. Considerable quantities of it are sent to Mauritius and Ceylon, where it is advantageously used in the growing of sugar and coffee, but this out- let has not proved sufficient, and efforts havo recently been mado to introduce our manures into tbo English market. To facilitate this tradOiMessrs. James Macmeikan and Co. have contrived an apparatus for compressing their bone-dust into half its original compass, re- ducing it at the same time into a foi m vory convenient for shipment. By means of strong pressuro (obtained by a process patented by Messrs. Macmeikan and Co.) the crushed bones are moulded into cakes of Oin. squaroand 3in. thick, something Uko flooring tiles, each cake weighing a little over Gib. Those bone dust tiles aro just adhesive enough to admit of their being handled freely, thrown about like bricks if necessary, and nTe yet so frte that when required for uso thoy can roadilj be crushed, or molted by the application of n little hot water. A ton weight of tho manure measures 20 cubic feet, and contains 352 of the cakes. If the consignment per Militiades is well received, the export of compressed bone-dust will probably prove a valuabl« addition to the commercial resources of tlu colony. The Chinese, as a rule, are disliked and despised, by Europeans, but ono of those Pagans has performed at Castlemaine an act of disinterested bravery which reflects credit on his race. An old man, named James Stuart, was working in a mining shaft 20ft deep, when some earth fell in and buried him, A number of people ran to tho spot, but the nature of the ground was so dangerous, that no ono dared to doscend the shaft. At last a Chinaman volunteerod to go down to rescue the old man, and succeeded so far as to be able to place a rope around him, when, just as the first pull wa« made, another mass of earth fell in, and completely overwhelmed both. By this time a number of miners had collected, ready to use every exertion, but few with sufficient nerve to venture their livos down a rotten -haft, with overy indication of furthorfallingiu, Fortunately for the poor Chinaman, two bravo hearts relieved each other in removing the earth-, and after strenuous efforts, Mr. Wil- liam Huxley succeeded in sending him up, but in an exhausted stato. Mr. William Gray exerted himself to the utmost to extricate tbo remains of James Stuart beforo darkness set in, but it was nearly 6 o'clock before tho body of tho unfortunate old man was recovered. Life was then extinct. Tho police took the Chinaman to the hospital, but although much bruised, he was not soriously injured." THE POLITICAL SITUATION. Tbo Government Education Bill, which provides for a secular, compulsory, and free system of education, forms tho groat foaturo of tho Parliamentary history of the month The Attorney-General movod the first reading of tho bill on tho 12th Soptombor, and tho second reading was moved on the 24th of the same month. During tho interval, the Pro- testant clergy held conferences, at which the measure was severely condomnod, on the «round that it conferred on the Government for the timo being an absoluto control over the education of tho people in the appoint- ment and dismissal of teachers and school boards, and in Tespoct to religious instruction. It was resolved to petition against tho bill. Parliament has beon Hooded with petitions, bothforand againstthemeasuro, all thoHoman Catholic bodies, of course, opposing it, Tho debate on the second reading, which occupied eight nights, was a one-sided and, for tho most part, a somewhat nninterosting one, the ma- jority of hon. members thinkingit necessary to load their arguments with a mass of undi- gested excerpta, some of whicli had but a remote bearing on the question. In spite of the clerical inlluenco brought to bear, it was expected that tbo division, which was to be taken in the Assembly last night, would show a largo majority in favour of the bill. The member« of the Legislative Council have been playing an unusually prominent part. On the 10th of September they adopted a series of declaratory résolu« tions with reference to intercolonial, com« merdai, and fiscal legislation. They subse« fluently threw out the Amending Land Bill, the Labour Bill, and tho Permissive Bill, ana they so- emasculated the Mining on Private Property Bill that it scarcoly retains one of its original leading provisions. In the Legis- lative Assembly Major W. C. Smith called the attention of tho Chief Secretary to the conduct of the Legislative Council. Mr. Francis could not give a direct statement as to the intentions of the Government, but be unhesitatingly announced that the Government would not shrink fiom the responsibility devolving upon it ; thatit would endeavour to lead the House in the matter, and that during the recess a bill for reforming the Legislativo Council would be prepared for submission to Parliament. THB EDUCATION BILL, The Government education moasure was submitted to the Legislative Assembly by the Attorney-General on the 12th of Septembor. On moving the first reading of the bill, Mr. Stephen gave a lucid explanation of its principles. The three cardinal points of the measure ho said were-provision for a secular, compulsory, and free education. The Go- vernment did not in the least undervalue the importance of religious instruction ; but thoy maintained that the state should havo nothing to do with the teaching of religion, because no child received any real religious benefit at school, and a still greater evil which resulted from the state assuming that responsibility was that it satisfied the consciences of parents and guardians whoso duty it was to impart religious instruction to the children under thoir care. If peoplo could only shelter themselves under tho oxcuso that religion was being taught their children at school, they would not trouble themselves further in tho matter. ' And not only would the people at large be so affected, but the clergy themselves, whose primary duty it was to teach religion, would neglect to do so. He did not altogether like the word " compulsory " as applied to educa- tion, but compulsory provisions were neces- sary to secure the Bonding of children of certain classes to school. A compulsory system would only answer in countries whore the people themselves accepted it as the right thing. Therefore, in making education com- pulsory in this country, while ho trusted that the measure might continue law, he also trusted that before many yoars were over it would bo a law substantially in abeyance-that, in point of fact, there would no longer _ be any occasion to onforce it. Statistics showed that one in eleven of our whole population attended school. That was a fair proportion, and the existing school system had not been by any means unsuccessful, but thoy ought not to bo content as long as there were any childron who did not attend school. There were two classes of children tobe peculiarly considered. The first class consisted of thoso waifs and itrnys found in all large cities. The second description of child was peculiarly our own. We had been for years following a policy of spreading tho people over the lands. Wo bad sent the population out into all cornors of the country, and it was our plain duty to follow them with schools. Many of these people were of a superior condition of life at home-men who came out hero, it might bo, with capital, aud who would novor have dieamt of loaving their children un- educated at homo, yet, unfortunately, they bad acquired the habit of neglecting the education of their children in this country of their adoption, and of forgetting almost everything but the growing of crops and the material prospects of their families. It would require something moro than the simple inducomont offered by froe education -save in exceptional cases, and thero ought not to bo any exceptional cases-to cause these peoplo to send their childron to school, and that something more was a compulsory provision. Ho truated that, under the law abiding spirit which distinguished overy British community, the compulsory provisions would not be found moro tyrannical than police reeulations. and that the neonle would police regulations, and that the people would generally recognise the fact( that it was a crime to neglect the education of children just as much as it was a crime to neglect to feed nnd clothe them. As to freo education, it would not bo disputed that those who could not pay ought to have their childron educated without payment. Then it was objectionable for children who could not pay to sit side by sido with children who did pay, because tho lattor looked upon the former as paupers, and recipients of alms. The childron must bo universally educated, whether rich or poor, and it fol- lowed, as a matter of course, that the state must pay for tbo education of thoso children. That, he submitted, was not almsgiving, but the principio of co-operation carried to its fullest extent. When they considered that everybody paid directly'or indirectly a due proportion of taxes, this assistance from the Government could be fairly accoptod. The child of the poorest parent being educated by a master, would not receive his education as children at home received it in charity schools, but he would receivo it as ono of tho advan- tages ho got from living in a froo country whero all co-operated in tho interest of their common necessities. Tho bon. gentleman then enlarged upon tho importance of having a Minister of Education responsible to Parlia- ment at tho head of an Education department, as proposed by tho bill, instead of the present unsatisfactory system of nianagemont by a Board of Education.' The bill provided for a system of professional teachers and profes- sional inspectors. There would bo established a general uniform system of state schools over the wholo country, at least where it was thickly populated enough, with various modi- fications, sucli as schools known as rural or half-time schools, now existing in thinly populated districts. The system would also include itinerating schools, or circulating t-choolmnsters, who would go about from liouso to houso, and instruct children in their own homes, rathor than leave thom unitt Btructtd, and who would cultivate amongst parents a desiro for the education of their children. For tho streot Arabs thoro would bo a system of night or ragged schools. The bill did not profond to defino all thoso schools, .but left that to regulations. After tho passing of this bill, no now denominational schools of any naturo would be brought into exist- ence, and the moasuro contained a provision in effect prohibiting tho grant of money or land to any denominational school not already established. Denominational schools wera to bo continued as thoy were for a period of ono year, during which timo they would go on uncontrolled by thu department and under tho control of their own school committees, to which they were already subject, on the condition of sotting apart four hours for socular éducation in tho day. During and after that yoar tboy could, if they chose, at any time alienate thoir school lands to tbo department, and transfer thom» selves bodily to the stato system now to bo introduced ; and during tho rematador of fivo years aftor tho passing of this act, in tho inte- ract» «f «li «o-tîno """,.,...-J _..j'-«ll-i-. rests of all partios concerned and of the state, and of those who desired to spread schools all over tho country, and also with a view to assist tho denominational schools, tho Govern- ment proposed to use theso schools, in all parts of the country whoro thoy oould not establish state schools, on tho terms of paying them for work dono - that was to say, paying thom so much per head, tho sum paul not to exceod tbo cost at which it was found' education could bo given in tho state schools, Thero wero porsons who had invested a con sidorablo amount of monoy in the orootion of school buildings, and though on its side tbo state had granted land in sorao casos without money, and in other cases had contributed considerable sums of money to thoeroction of these buildings, ho thought that tho IIouso would como to tho conclusion that it was only fair and just to make a similar concession to tbo denominational bodies on this occasion to that which was mado to them when state aid to religion was abolished. If they did not deBiro to transfer their schools to the depart- ment to bo used as Btato schools, thoy would bo allowed to retain thoir schools and school lands on tho samo conditions as thoso im- posed by tho act for the abolition of stato aid to religion, and, subject to conditions for ascertaining that tho viows of tho congrega« lion wero in accordance with what thoy did, they might, if they cboso, sell such schools or lands, or uso them in any way thoy ploased. The Government did not wish to encourage1 rival denominational schools, but thoy would not prohibit thom. The bill placed school- masters in the same position as civil pervants, and they would bo entitled to tho same retiring allowances as civil servants. They would bo freed from all intorforonco except that tf the school inspectora. Thoy wero to bo paid by a fixed salary, and then by results, for teaching reading, writing, and arithmetic. These salaries would bo fixed by regulations. They must depend on all sorts of professional tests, and the regulations must to a great extent be framed by professional men, and, in this direction, depend on the requirements of the schools, the places where they wero situated, the sort of schools, the qualifications of the masters, and the number of children. The parents of children of not less than six yeais> nor^more thati fifteen years would bo required to cause their children (unless there was some ioasonable excuse) to attend school fon a period of nine days in each mouth during 10 months of each year. A child, for instance, who was instructed at homo or at a private school would be excused. Illness was another reasonable excuso for non-attendance. Living two miles from a school was another excuse. Or if the child was educated up to a certain stan- dard, and had obtained a certificate to that effect, that would be an excuso. Thoro was also a provision for the establishment of scholarships, and it was hoped that in the schools not only good teachers would be reared, but good officers for the civil service generally. It was also intended to establish boards of advice, and to sevor these boards to a certain extent from any particu- lar shoots by dividing the country into -districts, and placing several schools undor each board. Theso boards would have powers of inspection and examination, and would report to the department how schools were going on. They would bo appointed for three years, and their functions would bo limited by Act of Parliament. There waa to be a department of public instruction, incorpo- rated hke the Board of Land and Woilw, and .under the control of a responsible Minister, The bill tied him dowu by carefully drawn limitations, so that ho could only administer the act in conjunction with the professional hoads of the depurtuient He would be entirely responsible to the House, and would have to do everything by machinery, just as the business of every department was dono by machinery.' The second reading of the bill was moved upon the 24th September, and the debate upon it was continued for eight nights. Mr. Dnffy, whose address was unusually ineffective, submitted that no sufficient reason had been shown why the existing system of education should bo changed. Noone would be more willing than he that a compul sorysyatemshouldbeettablishedprovideditdid ' not trenoh upon conscientious rights ; but he would point' out that a comDulsorv system would point> out tbat a compulsory system could be enforced under the existing board just as well as under the proposed scheme. This was neither the time nor the country for the introduction of a secular system. Never was there a timo since Christianity was first preached in which scepticism aud doubt were so prevalent among professing Christians -as now. The programme of the International Society was based upon atheism. One of the leading membors of the Whig aristocracy of England, the Duke of Somerset, had re- cently published a book which stated in a sentence the fact that mankind were gra- dually abandoning the obsolete beliofs which they used to be taught in their catechisms, and significantly added that with a little more secular education they would get rid of them altogether. Tom Paine, whom our ancestors hold in great horror, did not preach the nega- tion of Christianity more distinctly than the Duke of Somerset, who was almost at the hoad of the Whig nobility in England. Tho primary object of educating, children was to make them good citizens. Would education of the kind now contemplated tend to make Chris- tians of those who were subject to such in- fluences as wero exercised by the International Society ? It had boen repeatedly stated that we had street Arabs and children growing up under circumstances under which they were extremely likely to turn out disreputable porsons, for want of education-moaning secular education. He said that if men who had thought aud written on this subject had arrived at one conclusion, it was this : that education, in the sense of ordinary secular education, had not a tendency to eheck crime ; but that, on the contrary, strange and unfortunate as it might appear, it had a tendency to increase crime. (The hon. ' member quoted Sir Archibald Alison in support of this view.) Wherever tho secular system had been adopted, it was now either abandoned or was falling into disuso. The secular system in America had produced the j most extravagant and fantastic sects, which wero a scandal to the Christian community, and in that country, out of a population of 24,000,000, thero were only 4,000,000 who pro- fessed themselves to be Christians. The At- tornoy General had carefully abstainod from saying anything about the cost of tho proposed system. In his opnion a new line of railway would be less oxpensive than the proposed system of buying and building schools, which system, too, would injuriously and uuneces sarily interfere with one now working satis- factorily. Would this now system cost a quarter or half a million? The latter sum would probably be required if tho system carno into general operation. Whence was it to be pro vided ? It could not be providod out of the rovonne. The bon. Attorney-General said nothing about this ; but without somoinfor marion on the subject it was not reasonable to ask Parliament to consent to the measure. Again, tho bill proposed to impose several serious duties, under the control of the boards of advice, to be appointed by the Governor in Council. His primary objection to those boards of advice was that it was proposed that they should -exercise functions which should not properly belong to boards of advice. In the first place, thoy were to determine what use should bo mado of school buildings. He submitted that the use to bo mado of sohool buildings oueht to bo determined for tho whole colony at one timo and place, not by fluctuating decisions, different in different districts. This question should, in fact, bo determined either by Parliament or by the Government, not by a chance majority bore and there ; and he trusted that the house would take care, if the bill was read a sicond time,to alter it in this direction. Again, tho boards were created for the purpose of reporting on tbo condition of schools, and of reporting on tbo condition of schools, and of recommonding the remission of certain sohool fees where children displayed an un- usual ability. These woro very necessary and proper things to bo done, but the inspectors of schools were tho proper persons to do them. The boards were also to use every endeavour to induce parents to send their childron to school. Did any man think that thoso boards, selected by tho Government, probably with the advice of tho local representative soloctcd, it might bo, for political purposos would be able to influonco parents or children throughout a district one way or the other? A clergyman might tell parents that it was their duty to send tboir children to school, but it was bunkum to confer such duties on tho boards of advico. Tho only other provi- sion of the bill to which he wishod to call attontion was the proposal for tho Ministor of Education. He would now on that point simply say that when Mr. Higinbotham pro- posed to create such an office somo roombors of the present Govornmont urged very strong, and as it seemed to him Very well-founded, objections against that course. He did not know what had happened to altor their ob- jections. Ho failed to see why five or six gentlemen acting on a board could nab more effectually transact the requisite business than any one gentloman raisod to a political position for his political merits, and not be- cause of any peculiar knowledge of education. One fourth of tho population of this country -the Catholics-had an insuporable objection to a system of education which forbado tho teaching of religion along with secular in- struction. If the Govornmont attempted to apply money to purposos of public oducation in connexion with a system in which one fourth of the pooplo could not sharo, though one-fourth of the money so applied was contributed by them, it would bo an attempt to dofraud thom. Ho trusted that whiahovor Minister addressed the House noxt would toll bon. members whother this system was to be purely secular, or was to establish donomina lionalism of a certain class undor the dis guiso of secularism. Ho saw by the roport of a rocont conference of clergymen that somo of thom woro dissatisfied with the bill, becanso thoy bolioved that, undor the disguise of secular schools, the Govern- ment would establish schools in which donomi nationalism would bo really carried out, Tho Attorney General said that, whon schools were created they would bo open to all aliko, nnd that it was monstrous for any particular denomination to complain. He would jast -give a parallel to that argument. If thero «wore a famine, and it was necessary to estab- lish a public tablo for the whole community, whoro they would all oat together, and ono fourth of the population wore Jews, and if it .was determined to soason the dishes with .meat they considered unclean, it would only tie a parallel to establishing a system of edu- cation of which one- fourth of the community could not take advantage Anything whick legislation could do would not altor by one fraction tho number of Roman Catholics and Protestants a generation boneo. It would simply make thom bato eaoh othor- create a System of intornocino political war. No largor result could it create, and that was ono which ~*no statesman ought to desire. He was sorry that ho felt so llttlo able to Address himself to this subject to his own satisfaction or the satisfaction of others ; and he would conclude by saying that,_ because there were no suggested amendments in the education system in this bill which could notbeengraftedontheoxis ting system-because tbe scheme was crude and untried-and because he believed if the bill passed it would not settle the education question, but leave it more unsettled than ever, it was his determination to vote against the second reading. Mr. Langton replied to tho bon, member for Dalhousie, and pointed out that not so very long ago the hon. gentleman himself declared in the Assembly that the existing system of publie instruction was so little satisfactory to himself and his ecclesiastical friends, that they only accepted it for peace sake, and bocause they were unable to obtain any better and more equitable system; and that not many months since the hon, geutleman, when indulging in his after- diauer addressos throughout tbo colony, on one occasion indi- cated pretty clearly that in his opinion and in the opinion of his colleagues the time was not far distant when the necessities of rhis colony would require that our whole system of education should bo remodelled. The last report of the Board of Education showed that there were now nearly 300 schools which could be amalgamated into 100 or 150 ; and what a waste of money and teaching power did that mere statement reveal. So strongly were the Board of Edu- cation of opinion that this state of things ought not to be allowed to go on, that the publio .money ought not to be wasted, and our education system left so inefficient U3 these facts showed, that they actually drafted a bill, and in two successive reports set out this bill at length, for the purpose of shutting up a number of these denominational schools, mid substituting vested schools for them. Tho inference to be drawn from the hon. gentleman's argument was, tbat the tendency of secular education was to encourage scepticism. But how did ho reconcile this with the fact that in none of the countries to which he referred-Great Britain, France, and Gi-rmany-did the secular system prevail The hon. gentleman instanced the Duke of Somerset. Might he ask whether that dis- tinguished ornament of the House of Lords .was brought up under a purely secular m.l,.m 9 if ..ni nrl.nl- !,"".,"." «( .li,. «.»» .wua uruugut up uuuor a purmy sucuiar BJ stem? If not, what became of the arg a ment of the bon. member for Dalhousie? AH to the authority of Sir Archibald Alison, an article in the Edinburgh Review said of his History of Europe:-"It is, however, a much more serious accusation against this work that it combines the most elaborate distortion of statistical fact with the reckless assertions of political ignorance. Where statistics aro made the basis of argument " (as in the case which the bon. gentleman puts before us), "Sir Archi- bald, wo must suppose by some inscrutable fatality, continually misquotes them in the interest of bis theory." He would also quote the report of the commissioners appointed " to inquire into the education given in schools in England not comprised within Her Majesty's two recent commissions," by the Rev. James Fraser, M.A., assistant commissioner. In a noto to page 41 were some statistics about Prussia:- In 1819, compulsory laws requiring evory parent to educate every child were enacted in Prussia. At first there was a violent op- position, and the usual hue-and-cry of ' invaded rights ;' but in 12 years crime and pauperism had diminished 40 per cent Now, no person would dare to propose a repeal of theso laws." In a book entitled Questions for a Reformed Parliament, by the ltev. Caarles Stuart Parker, M.A., he found the following passage taken from the evidence of an in- spector :-" It is well known the larger pro- portion of criminals have beon orphans in early life, and yet the orphan class is precisely that which turns out bust in district schools. Thus, if you do not educate them, they be- come thieves and paupors ; if you do, they be- come well conducted productive workpeople." But, as an illustration, the statistics of our own colony were far more valuable. These were not uko Sir Archibald Alison's theories, but facts given by a gentleman who could not be supposed to have any bias in the matter. In 1871 thero were taken into custody in Victoria 22,800 persons ; of that number how many did the House suppose wero possessed of a superior education ?-160 out oi 22.800. Moreover, only 5,500 could road and write well. The remaining 17,000 wore so badly educated that they either could not read and write, or could read only and could not write. When they came to those who were convicted, they found the same startling dis- parity. Thoro were convicted in 1871, 478 persons. How roany do lion, members sup- pose were woll instructed?-67. As to the costliness of the proposed system, according to a return which he held in his hand, pre- pared on the 22nd July last, thero had been expended on school buildings £181,000, of which £81,000 was contributed locally, and £102,000 was granted by the state. Of course, in dealing with any denomina- tion for their schools, the Government could only be expected to repay the money expended by tbe denominations themselves. As to tho expense generally of administering the new system, he thought there was no rea- son to suppose it would cost any more, or so much, as the existing system. It was pro poaed, to be sure, to give instruction free of charge in reading, writing, and arithmetic, but, as was well known, owing to the superior in- struction now given in our common schools, those schools wore largely attended by child- ren who might bo properly described as young ladies and gontlemen. Tho state, in fact taught accomplishments to the children of parents well able to pay the cost of education. It might bo that the proposal to give instruc- tion in reading, writing, and arithmetic, free of charge, was open to objection. But, choos- ing between the two systems-choosing between the system which merely re quired that- the whole population should havo placed in their hands tho instruments of knowledge, and the othor system, which at the public oxpense provided them with accomplishments-he thought that everyone must admit that the method or system pro- posed by the Government in thoir bill was far the less objectionable of the two. The Go- vernment did not propose to teach accomplish- ments gratis in the future, but proposed to confine the efforts of tho state to giving instruction in primary essential elements of knowledge Heapprehonded that the grantsup to tbo present time would bo amply sufficient for their purposes. Indeed, from a Treasury and economical point of view, ho was sanguine enough to believe that very muoh of the money hitherto spont upon these accomplishments would be saved to the Treasury, while no equi- valent incroaso would take place in the amount to bo paid by the Government. With regard to the uso to which the school buildings wero to be put after school hours, as in many instances tho schoolhouse was the only large building in the district, it was not tho wish of the Government to prevent their the wish of the Government to prevent their being used for public purposos, but the Go- vernment would not permit the childron being called together for secular oducation in order that they might aftorwards receive reli- gious instruction. Tho religions instruction now given in denominational schools was not worth consideration. Out of 410 vested schools religious instruction was given by clergymen in only 10, and in soveral Church of England schools even the morning prayor had beon omitted in order to secure the at- tendance of some Roman Catholic childron, so that tho avorago might bo kopfc up and state aid secured. The Board of Education now neithor satisfied tho public nor the members of tho board itself; thero was, therefore great need of some chango, and the advantago of tho proposed alteration was that it brought tho oducation of tho people into direct communication with, and placed it under tho control of, Parliament. Ho sup- ported tho bill, not because ho beliovod it to be the host that could be framed, but because ho beliovcd it to be the best compromise which could bo effected on the much-vexed question. Mr. MacBain objected to tho bill. It im- properly interfered with the rights of parents to educate or direct the oducation of their children as they pleased, and placed in the bands of tho Minister of Education a power which no man ought to possoss. Ho moved that tho bill bo road a second time that day six months. Mr. Russell seconded the amondmont. In tbodobates which followed, the principal opponents of tho moasuro woro Mr. Fellows, Mr. Joseph Jones, and Mr. Berry. Mr Francis replied to some of the objections which had beon urged against the bill, and also criticised tho action of tho conference of clergymen which had doterrainod to oppose tho bill. Ho characterised tho amendment of the bon. mombor for tho Wimmera that tho bill bo road a socond timo that day six months as a completo sham, for he knew ho was not proparod to accept tho responsibility of such a motion if carried. INTERCOLONIAL FB.EE TRADE, In the Logislativo Connell on the 10th September, Air. O'shanassy called attention to the circular despatches of the Earl of Kimberley, Secretary of S tato for tho Colo- nies, with reference to intercolonial commer- cial and fiscal legislation, and moved the following declaratory resolutions :-"1. That the power to make international treaties is an inherent and indispensable right possessed by tho suprema autUority-tue Sovereign of the British Empire-and that this power, in tho opinion of this House, has always been exercised with due regard for the interests of all Her Majesty's subjects. 2. That this House considers that no advantage that could rosult from the claim set up on behalf of the Austral- asian colonies to make treaties with foreign states would compensate them, politically or commercially, for the risk thereby involved of endangering the connexion now happily subsisting between all parts of the empire, 3\. That colonies of the same group as those of Australasia should be enabled, with proper safeguards, to conclude agreements amongst themselves for the regulation of their com- merce, subject to such conditions as may be found necessary to preserve intact tho autho- rity of the Crown to make treaties binding on all parts of the empire. 4. That the thanks of this House are due to the Right Hon. the Earl of Kimberley for the consi- deration which he has shown to Her Majesty's subjects in Australasia in having afforded them an opportunity of discussing the grave questions raised by his lordship's circular despatches before coming to a final decision upon them." Aftor referring to the courtoous and conciliatory tone in which the discussion had been carried on by the Earl of Kimberley, and remarking that he (Mr. O'shanassy) had thought it his duty to bring the subject under the attention of the House, because the Council, though qualified to deal with such matters, had been quito ignored in connexion with it, the hon, member went on to refer to certain statistical information be had prepared with reference to the intercolonial trade of the different colonies during 1871. He pointed out that within the last two years New Zealand, Tasmania, and South Australia had passed bills (which had been reserved for the signification of Hor Majesty's pleasure) with the view of making better pro- vision for the interchange of colonial Droducts and manufactures bfitwaon flin products and manufactures between the colonies. The explanation of their almost simultaneous action iu this respect might be gathered when it was remembered that Vic- toria taxed the local products of the neigh- bouring colonies to the extent of nearly £75,000 a year. In 1871, on local products imported into Victoria from New South Wales the duties paid were £21,740 ; from New Zealand, £16 306 ; Queensland, £809 ; South Australia, £17,611; Tasmania, £18,407; and Western Australia, £73. Theso taxes were naturally felt to be oppressive, and a change was consequently desired. Ho strongly deprecated the adoption by the colonies of any line of conduct likely to estrange them from tho paront state. From their connexion with her they derived incalculable advantages both commercially and otherwise. The feeling in the home country was evidently in favour of drawing n( arer the bonds of union, and it would be au almost monstrous thing for the colonies to alienate themselves from the rest of the empire. If they .claimed the right to have a voice in the ratification of treaties, the home Government might turn round and say that in that case they must boar part of thelmpe rial taxation, a responsibility which at present they escaped. He did not believe that there was any real desire on the part of the colonies to unite in one general Government, nor was thero a desire for a Customs union. If the Imperial Government legislated at all on the subject it might be possible to appoint a small federal council of the Governors of tho colonies, with the chief justices as assessors, and one Governor might bo made the federal executive officer to execute the contract if it became necessary. He trusted that the House would unanimously affirm tbo resolutions. Mr. Fraser thought Mr. O'Shanossy's speoh friendly and conciliatory, and stated that ho concurred in a great many of that hon. mern ber's sentiments. He hoped he would never ' see the day when theso colonies would be separated from the mother country. Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett hoped he would live to see the day when the colonies would be separated from tho mother country. He believed that Mr. O'shanassy had introduced the reso- lutions with the view of getting an alteration of the colony's tariff, and a return to free trade. Mr. Henty, Mr. Black, Mr. Simson, and Mr. Fitzgerald cordially approved of the resolutions. Mr. Murphy approved of tho subject matter of the resolutions, but thought the House was not called on to inter- fere, and that they should leave the ques tion to be decided by the Imperial Govern- ment and the Governments of the colonies, Mr. Anderson supported the resolutions, and denounced differential duties, as calculated to weaken the ties between the mother country and tho colonies. The colonists ought, through their representatives, the Houses of ¡ Parliament, to express their views on the question raised. Mr. T. T. A'Beckett'on tirely concurred both in the resolutions and , in Mr. O'Shanossy's remarks. Dr. Dobson supported the resolutions, and maintained j that the Earl of Kimberley had desired to elicit the opinions of the colonial Houses of Parliament. After a few remarks from Mr. O'shanassy in reply, the resolutions were i agreed to, and it was ordered that they be transmitted to the Governor, with a request ! to transmit them to the Secretary of State for ' the Colonies. THE AMENDING LAND BILL. Mr. Fraser moved tho second reading of the Land Act Amendment Bill in the Legislative Council on the 11th September. He remarked tbat the main principle was contained in the first clause, which extended the area of selection from 320 to 640 acres. He believed that the Commissioner of Lands already had ' power to grant 640 acres, but it would perhaps bo better that he should obtain the concur- rence of the Legislature before exorcising > it it. Mr. Anderson felt sure that Parliament bad novor intended the Minister of Lands to possess any such power, as it had expressly limited the area to bo solected to 320 acres, The practice of letting regulations usurp the funotions of acts of Parliament was increasing, and should be restricted. No reason had been assigned in justification of the proposal to increase tho area of selection, and he should oppose it. Thoro were other objec- tionable clauses in the measure, which would requiro material amendment in committee. Mr. T. T. A'Beckott thought there must bo something vicious in the land legislation of Victoria if her land laws required so much amendment When the act of I860 passed, it was supposed that the question was settled . until 1880. That act had worked well, and ' be maintained that tho amendments contem- plated in the present bill wore not demanded. It was unnecessary to extend the area of selection, as experience had shown that, as a rule, the maximum area at present allowod was not taken up. There were some valuable clausos in the bill, and he would not there- fore oppose the second reading, but content himself with proposing amendments in com- mittee. Mr, Strachan thought it would bo better to reject tho bill at once, as thero was no chance of its passing in its present form. Mr. O'shanassy foresaw there was no chanco of the main principle of the bill being affirmed, and it waa therefore useless to pro- ceed with the measure. It was not brought forward because it was really required, but simply because its author was bidding for political popularity. No reason had boen advanced for extending the area of selection. It was not demanded by the settlers, nor was it shown that it was required by them. If tho Minister of Lands devoted his attention to removing the red-tapeismand circumlocution which at present threw so many obstacles in the way of selectors getting land at all, ho would confer a much greater boon upon them than by passing a bill to fix the maximum area to be selected at 040 acres. He would move-that the bill bo read a second time that day six months. Mr. Simson seconded the amendment. Mr. W. A, C. A'Beckott supported the second reading. The House divided oh tho motion, with the following result : Contents . 7 Non-contents .14 Majority in favour of amendment 7 The bill was accordingly ordorod to be road a second timo that day six months. MINING ON 1'ltIVATE PltOrEItTT DILI,. Mr. Fraser moved tho second reading of this bill in the Legislative Council on the 24th September, and romarlced that a moasuro dealing with this subjoct had been long required. Its object was to legalise miuing on private proporty. The auriferous laudstif the Crown were nearly worked out, and an agita- tion was going on for permission to work the auriferous deposits known to oxist in lands long since alienated from the Crown. The bill proposed to compensate owners of pro- perty before miners woro allowed to onter thoir land. It was probablo that proportyholders would feel disposed toopposo tho bill, but bon. membors should recollect that they ought to consider the thousands of persons who woro dependent on the gold-fields as well as tbemsolves. He trusted it would not be unceremoniously rejected as the Land Bill was, but would bo allowed to go into commit tep. «ruo, MUÍ, rruuiu w uiiunou WJ BU luiiu vuiutuir, tee. Mr. O'shanassy admitted the nocossity of legislation on this subject, but condemnod tbo principle upon which the bill was basod. The Legislature were virtually oskod to abandon their powors in favour of tho Governor ia Connell or Minister of Míaos for he time being. He disappioved of the prac rice of empowering the Governor in Council to make regulations in the way proposed, for they practically amounted to law, without being sanctioned by the Legislature. He trusted the House would not consent to hand over the rights of private propertyholdors to the Governor in Council. It was absurd to» state that the bill was provided in the interests of the poor miner. It was the speculator who would be benefited if it passed in its present shape. He believed every purpose would be gained if the Jiill were amended so as to simply legalise contracts between owners of land and persons wanting to mine on it. If that were done, no person would desire to keop the gold in his land undeveloped. There would then be no necessity to give any Minister the arbitrary powers asked for, and the contemplated interference with the rights of private property would be avoidsd. He would also like to see the bill provide for the prevention of encroachments, and if those two objects were attained, the mining on private property difficulty would bo solved in an easy and honest manner. Mr. Campbell expressed the opinion that in selling the land the Crown had parted with its right to tho gold, and that tho House would be quite justified in dealing with the question of mining on private property as a legal transaction between landowners and miners. To adopt the principle at present in the bill would be a disgrace to the Legis- lature. Mr. Russell concurred in this opinion. Mr. Fitzgerald considered there was no public desire for legislation on this subject, but that it was absolutely necessary that contracts between owners of private property and miners should be legalised. As it stood at present, the bill was worse in form and more vicious in matter than any that had been offered for the acceptance of the House. He should, however, vote for the second reading, and amend the bill in committee. Mr. T. T. A'Beckott thought it very dosirable that some legislative sanction should begiven to enable owners of land supposed to be auriferous to enter into contracts with miners. Some pressure should be put upon owners who refused to come to terms. An owner should have the first chance, but if ho refused to work his land, or make terms for its being worked, miners should be allowed to come in on payment of a handsome compensation. Mi. Degraves characterised the bill as a perfect piece of humbug, calculated to serve neither miners nor landowners. Mr. Simson thought the bill would benefit speculators at the exponse of other people. Dr. Dobson condemned the bill as revolutionary in its character. After a few remarks from Mr. Murphy, Mr. Strachan, Mr. W. A. C A'Beckott, and Captain Cole, the bill was read a second time, and committed pro forma. The bill was considered in committee on the following day. As anticipated from the tenor of the debate on the second reading, the character of the measure was completely altered, and the suggestions made by Mr. O'shanassy the previous evening were adopted in their entirety. On the 5th clause an amendment was mado by Dr. Dobson, providing that all contracts made before or after the passing of the bill should be legalised, and might be enforced ia a court of law without making the Attorney-General a party to the suit. The 17th clause, providing that an injunction might be granted to restrain encroachment, without proof of special damage, was likewise amended, with the same object. Clauses 3 and 4, and from 6 to IG inclusive, providing the machinery necessary for working the bill, as originally proposed, wero struck out. Mr, Fraser vainly endeavoured to oppose this treatment of the measure, and divided the House several times, but a large majority of hon. members followed Mr. O'Shanassy's lead, and success- fully carried his amendments. The bill was carried through committee in an hour and three quarters, and was then reported with amendments, the consideration of the report being fixed for the following Wednesday. When the report came up for consideration Mr. T. T. A'Beckett moved the recommittal of tho bill, as he was desirous of introducing several important amendments. The prin- cipal one was intended to empower the Governor in Council to grant au owner of private property a lease which would entitle him during its currency to any gold and silver contained in his land. He argued that this was necessary, as it was admitted that the Crown had not abandoned any of its rights to the precious metals. Mr. O'shanassy opposed the additiont and advised the Council to adhere to the bill as already amended. ! After some discussion the debate was ad- ' journed until the 8th inst., to suit the con- venience of some hon. members. On its resumption Mr. T. T. A'Beckett's amendment was allowed to lapse. The bill was recom- mitted for verbal amendments, and being1 reported to the House the report of the com- ' mittee was adopted. Previous to the debate on the Mining on Private Property Bill a motion by Mr. Bear, that in the opinion of the House it would be desirable to impose a charge or tax on all gold extracted from private lands, was discussed. An alteration was adopted by Mr. Bear, making the motion extend to all lands in the colony, but a majority of the House was averse to giving an expression of opinion on the subject. Tho _ previous question was moved, and the original motion shelved. Dr. Dobson withdrew a motion ho had submitted tho provious wcok, relative to futuro grants of lands, including the right to the Royal minerals in or under such land. 0THEB MEASURES IN THE LEGISLATIVE . COUNCIL. On the 1st inst, the Labour Bill and the Pormissivo Bill, both of which were entrusted to the feeble advocacy of Mr, W. A. C. A'Beckett, were unceremoniously thrown out by the Legislativo Council. Tho South Mel-, bourne Gas Company's Bill has been passed, the Audit Act Amendment Bill was read a second time and committed, and the Deceased Persons Estates Administration Bill was passed through committee without material alteration. The Diseases in Stock Bill was referred, on the motion of Mr. Murphy, to a select committeo. It was understood, how- ever, that this was not done with any intention of sholving the measure, the ne-, ces&ity; of which was admitted. The Public Health Bill passed through committee with- out alteration, but it has been tecom mitted, with a view to amendment. The Public Works Loan Bill did not meet with any serious opposition, and was ovontually passed through committee, but its third read- ing was doferred until the 9th inst. in order i to give Mr. Fraser time to furnish the House with some information respecting the Coliban scheme. rnooRESH op LEGISLATION. Tbo following measures havo beon passed by the Legislative Assembly during the month :-Tho Public Loan Bill, the Adminis- tration of Deceased Persons Estates Bill, the Public Health Act Amendment Bill, the Labour Bill, the Permissive Bill, tbe Audit Act Amendment Bill, and the Diseases in Stock Bill. The last mentioned measure is designed to replace the bill passed last session relative to the foot-and-mouth disease, which will shortly expiro by eflluxion of time. The following charges will be made for inspection : -Is. per head upon cattle, Cd. per head on foals and calves, and Id. per head upon sheep and pigs. It is not intended that Victorian bred stock shall be subjected to this charge. The Police Offences Statute Amendment Bill-more gcnoially known as the bill for the suppression of gambling and bet- ting-houses-which was introduced in the Legislative Council, has also passed the Assembly. The object of the bill is to render illegal the carrying on of places of business for the purposes of gambling and betting. _ In tho case of Chinese lotteries, great difficulty is experienced in prosecutions in proving that tbo persons conducting the houses aro personally interested in the games being played. This will be romedied, and the exhibition of botting-lists and the keeping of shops for tho purpose of betting are also prohibited under severe penalties. Personal betting is not constituted a crime, but what the bill seeks to do is to put au end to those places which, thero is no doubt, allure to their ruin numbers of boys and young men. The Mining Statute Amendment Bill has hern passed through committee, and some progress bos been made with a Game Act Amendment Bill, a bill to amend tho Church of England Act, the Public Works Statute Amendment Bill, and also a Juries Statute Amendment Bill, introduced by Mr. Ramsay, the object of which is that a verdict of three fourths shall bo taken in all civil casos where the jury cannot arrive at a unanimous con- clusion. Mr. Casoy has introduced a Fencing and an Impounding Bill. The Fencing Bill obliges the agriculturist to erect a substantial two i ail fence, and provides that the pastoral tenent or other person adjoining who keeps cattle and sheep shall attach thereto one or t wo wires, which will be his own property, nnd which he will bo able to romovo. Should the agriculturist, taking advantago of the circumstance of being provided with a sheep proof fence, detormine'to keep shoop himself, ho will bo called upon to pay one-half the cost of the wires. The leading principle of the Impounding Bill is that in cases Where the owner of tbo cattle seized is known, in * stead of Oía cattle being drir.n Off to tho pound, remedy shall be sought by a simple action of trespass in the nearost police court, Mr. Langton has brought iu a bill to amend the law relating to the importation, carriage, and custody of gunpowder. The-object of tho bill is to provide for tho soparate storage and carriage of dynamite, lithofracteur, and other oxploaive compounds, the nature of which is not exactly understood, and which are now classed as gunpowder. Mr. G, V. Smith has introduced a bill to make valid the marriage, of a man with the sister of his deceased wife. The bill is an exact copy of the one on the same subject which previously passed the Assembly. Progress has also been made with the Gaols Statute Amendment Bill brought in by Mr. Stephen, the object of which is to remove doubts relative to the punishment of prisoners confined in penal establishments for breach of discipline. It provides that whilst light punishments may be inflicted by one j as tico of the peace, the severer punishments shall only bo inflicted by two. The bill will also set at rest any doubt which may bo entertained relative to the cumulative nature of the sentences inflicted by the visiting justices of the several gaols for bad behaviour. THE OFFICE Or AGENT-QENEBAL. . Early in September Mr. Vale asked the Government whether they would limit tho tenure of the office ot agent general to three years, and at the same time re- move the disabilities under which members of Parliament rest, so as to allow them to take a trip to Europe at the expense of the state. Ho received that good old answer to which all Ministries owe so much-" The Go- vernment would consider the matter during the recess." A few days later the Govern- ment recoived by the mail an official intima- tion from Mr. Childers of his acceptance of office in the British Cabinet as Chancellor of the Duehy of Lancaster. Mr. Childers stated that he would be happy, to hold the office of agent general until a successor could bo appointed, and that in the meantime he would do his best for the colony. Ina communication of a later date, Mr. Childers mentions that he had brought the whole matter before the Board of Advice in London, together with the letter from the Victorian Government intimating that Mr. Cashel Hoey's appointment as secretary to the agent general would not be confirmed by the Government of Victoria. As Mr. Childers had accepted office in the Gladstone Ministry, the Board of Advice had asked Mr. Hoey to con- tinue to fulfil his duties as secretary, and the board expressed tho hope that while he was giving his assistance to the board, pending the appointment of a new agent-general, his salary would bo continued. It was stated that if his salary were continued, of course the fees that he received as member of the Board of Advico would not be paid to him. Mr. Hoey consented to the arrangement that he should perform the duties of secretary until some one else had been appointed, and intimated that if the Victorian Government raised any objection to his doing so, he would make no claim to salary for those services. Tho Government have conferred the appoint- ment of agent generaluponSirJas.M'Culloch. The outgoing mail will convey to him the appointment, and the request will be made to him to fill the office temporarily should he not be willing to accept it as a permanency. At the same time Sir James will be informed that, next session, legislation will be intro- duced having for its object the limiting the tenure of the office and the regulation of the emoluments, A telegram will be sent to Mr. Childers stating that he may rely upon Sir James M'Culloch acting as agent-general ad interim. The arrangement mado by Mr. Childers with regard to the sorvices of Mr. Cashel Hoey as secretary has been confirmed, and provision will be made for payment to ' Mr. Hoey of bia salary up to the appointment of the new agent-general. The Government are not aware that Sir James M'Culloch has ever entertained any desire to fill this office. Tho English mail brought Mr. Francis a letter from Sir James M'Culloch, but in it not the slightest reference was made to his sup-: posed temporary acceptance of the offico of agent general of Victoria. So far from Sir ' James M'Culloch having an oye to this ap- pointment, it seems that ho has made ar- rangements to be back in Melbourne by April next, and that instructions have been given i to carry out extensive additions to his private residence, which are to be completed by the dato in question. It is hoped, however, that in the interests of the colony, Sir James will accept the office, at least temporarily. BOUDER DUTIES. Nothing more has boon done with regard to the settlement of the Border duty question, and amongst many persons well qualified to judge, an opinion is expressed that it will not matter much if things are loft as they aro until tho end of the year. The best season for river traille is fast passing away, and if nothing further be done, New South Wales will in the course of a few months find from actual returns howexorbitant havo beon her demands ' on the Victorian revenue. The collection of wharfage rates on cattle and other stock crossing the Murray from Victoria into ¡ New South Wales has . been stopped. The . Chief Secretary received tho following telegram from the Colonial Secretary of New SouthWales :-" Sydnoy, September 13,1872. Your letter of the 5th September, respecting i ho cb argo of wharfage on live stock into this colony from Victoria, was not received until this morning. This Administration was not ' aware that the charge was made, and on reciiptof your letter instructions were at once sent to all customs stations on the border to discontinue the collection.-Colonial Secre- tary." It is curious that a tax which has often been protested against on this sido of the Murray should have been levied for many months without the knowledge of the New South Wales Government The Chief Secre- tary will communicate with the Government of Now South Wales demanding the return of all the sums paid as duty or wharfage rates upon cattle crossing from Victoria into that colony. The draft of a proposed convention on tho subject of the bordor duties, has been received from the Government of New South AVnles, and considered by the Government of this colony. Various objections were mado to it, and another reply has been received, which is not satisfactory. It is not probable that anything more will ba done until the ' meeting of the Parliament of New South Wales. ' 1'BOrOSED INTERCOLONIAL CONrEBENOE. The Government of Now South Wales have proposed a conference of colonial Govern-, m outs to be held in Sydney about the middle of next month. The Chief Secretary of this colony has replied, however, that the Victorian Government does not see its way to attend the conference, and that thoy can make no definite promise at present The Government of Tasmania will be represented at tho conference. r-AIlLIAMENTABY ELECTIONS. The Hon. W. Campbell and the Hon. R. Turnbull have been re-elected members of the Legislative Council, by largo majorities. The former was opposed by Mr. T. Meredith, of Chewton, and the latter by Mr. P. O'Brien, of Hawthorn. THE REVENUE. The rovenue returns for tho quarter and year ending 30th September, 1871 and 1872 respectively, were published in the Government Gazette of the 4th inst An examination of tho comparative statement of the revenue received during the quarter and year of 1871, and the corresponding periods of 1872, shows a decrease on the quarterly, but an increase on tho yearly, account. At the end of J uno last, the increase on the year amounted to £453,025, which has been reduced to a net increase on the 30th September of £212,464, The increase on the Juno quarter was £172,093, while for the quarter which has just expired a docroaso of £73,684 has boen experienced. The receipts during the period reforrod to amounted to only £030,525, while in the corresponding quarter of tbo previous year they reached £1,013,209. The revenue for the year ending 30th Septem- ber was £3,692,499, against £3,480,035 received during the previous year. From the compara- tivo table wo find the quarter's decrease thus accounted for :-Customs realised only £410,705, as against £432,855 in 1871, leaving a deficiency of £16,090. The following are the principal decreases under this bead : Spirits, £12.922 ; wino, £17,579 ; tobacco and snuff, £8,192; tea, £3 991; "all other articles," £43,913. The increases, compen- sating to a larce extent for these reductions, wero as follows:-Boor and cider, £1,400; sugar and molasses, £2,£82 ; coffee, chicory, cocoa, and chocolate, £1,214 ; malt, £839 ; dried and preserved fruits and vegetables, £4,836 ; articles subject to ad valorem duties, £58 300. From territorial thero was received £237.401, instead of £292,990, or a decrease of £55,535 ; fees produced £23,100, in place of £20,186, or £3,080 less ; while " miscel- laneous" yielded only £12,618 as against £40,118, being a difference of £27,500. Of this decrease, however, no less a sum than £26,205 IB accounted for by tho absence from tho account of the entry "interest on public i accounts," and it is satisfactory to notice that ' the diminution in the territorial rovenue is due almost entirely to tho redaction of tho quantity of land sold by auction. Thus, while the amount received from this source during the 'quarter ending 30th Seutembor, 1871, was £85,562,- the sum realised by sales of the public .estate daring the cor- responding period of this year was not moro than £30,620, or £48,736 less. Con- tinuing the comparison of the two quartors, it will be found that the railway income has improved to the ox tent of £7,524, the amounts for the two quarters being £139,222 for 1871, and £146.746 for J.872. Tonnago has diminished from £5,035 to £4.939-a falling off of £96 ; while postage has brought in £33,090 instead of £31,402, or £1,688 moro ; and elictric telegraphs, £11,018. in place of £8.168 -an increase of £2,850. The following is a comparative statemont of the net revenue received into the Treasury during the quarters and years ending 30th June, 1871 and 1872 respectively : IlKADS 0? , REVENUE. 1 Quarter ending Year ending opt 80, E epr, 80. Sept 80,. ¡.pt. 30, 1871. 1872. 1871. 1872. I.-CUSTOMS. £ & £ £ Spirits .. 130,028 118.000 458,413 401879 Wlno.. 23,21(1 5.680 47 634 17 202 Beer and cider 0,010 7,41> 23.679 28,174 Tobacco and snuff 11,001 83,768 137.401 123 445 Cigars 8 802 8.014 11,780 18,185 Tea .. 18,287 14 290 78,040 61335 Sugar and mo- lasses 13 301 16,243 91,910 71,837 Coffee, chi- cory, cocoa, and choco- late 1,616 2,829 17,010 8923 Opium Klee .. 4,178 4.602 22161 10,420 4,027 8 240 13 857 17,232 Hops.. 2,615 2.677 9 463 0,050 Malt .. 2,011 3.480 6 779 18,158 Pried and pro aorved fruits and vegetables 2,073 7.809 82,290 Articles subject to m1 valorem dntlen _. 60,017 IIS 277 422 087 301 531 All other artic'cs 97,236 64,322 103 011 Wharfago rates 23,625 23.340 90,879 89.400 Duties on River Murray goods .. 23,213 21,862 Total customs .. 432 856 416 765 1,452,256 1,640,103 II.-EXCISE. Spirits distilled in Victoria 8,616 8,088 30 931 31,500 Auctioneers' li- 1 cences .. .. 100 172 5,288 6 870 All other do. 70» 738 11,020 4,721 Duties on Estator of Deceased Por S011S 7,454 22,793 10,001 40,870 Total excise .. 10.077 31,787 59 087 82 909 III.-THRIU TORIAL. Solo ol land by auction.. 86,502 36.826 254,887 258,434 Receipts towardB the purchase ol lintis .. 84,580 37,093 140,052 175,822 Bonis and Uconcet 88,026 76,803 287,392 287,694 Pastoral occupa- tion, &c.; 70,085 76 704 109,784 109,780 Miners' rights .. 2,883 2.842 10,087 9 491 Business licences.. 664 893 2,628 1,761 Leases of aurifer- ous and minorai lands 6,274 7,061 22,393 23,881 Water-right and searching li cences, ¿Vc. 218 247 1.007 1,014 Total territorial 202,096 237,461 893 734 032,700 IV.-PUBLIC WOItKB. Hallway income. 189,222 148,746 581,918 642,153 Watersupply Yan Yean 17,705 18,185 74,150 84,409 On gold-fiolds.. 4 04 114 Toll receipts " 44 101 782 087 Total public works 157,031 164,987 650,876 727,424 V. - PORTS AND HARBOURS. Tonnage 6.086 4.939 16.240 16,062 Pilotage (at out ports) 82 64 200 206 Total ports and harbours 6,117 6,004 10,446 15,868 VI.-POST AND TK 1 UUIiArilOlFICÏS l'oetudo .. 31,402 33,090 ) (132211 (.oui mission ou 5-127221 M mnney orders.. 1.054 1,133 j ¡I 4,456 Elcctiic telegraph 8,108 11,018 82,214 40,408 To'al Post and To'gpb. offices 40,825 45,241 150,436 177,196 VII.-FEUS. Eupiemc Court .. 2,701 2 42£ 16.039 0,138 General Sessions & County Courts.. 078 1,080 4 0011 3.553 Courts of Mines .. 301 87 860 1013 Courts of Petty Sessions 2,669 2 823 10 311 10.877 UndorthoTransfer of Land Statute 8,382 4 17£ 11.74S 11486 All other fees ., 10.102 12,609 Î3.811 47,943 Total fees _ 26,186 23,10c 85,83 87 018 VIII.-FINKS. Supremo Court . 2: 3' 141 498 General Sessions A County Courts. 2 .. 8 8 Couits of Pott) Sessions 78 43 2 8.01 3,217 All other fines ant foi foi turcs Total fines IX.- MlSClMiAMl 47 2 08 i 2,77 4 117 1,80 ) 2.56 i 5,9b 7,841 , OuS. nenin, exclusivo o lands 30 43 1,54 1,417 Gotoinmcut prin ter 1,08 2,40f > 6,80 0,483 Labour of pr] soucrs .. 1,54 > 2 83! 4,16( 7,882 Industrial and Re fuimatory schls 87 00! 1.71S 1,703 Stornfro of gun po« der.. 31 ) 20£ 1.84Í 1,118 Sale of Govern mont property. 01 1 53. 1 2.77C 3 277 Master lu lunacy. 88 ) 77( i 3.47Í 8,540 Iiitercst on Publl Í Account 26,20 5 .. 88,03 64,800 Ikteruit on Invest mm ta .. 17 1 .. 12,40 10,076 Ir teicst on Do pan mental Ac counts .. 41 0 41 ) 1,45 1,850 L teicst on loans t D local bodies 1,501 9 1,50 > 4,50 ) 5 017 All other receipt Tol\l miscolla 0 321 5 828 5 23,61 . 14,834 ncous.. Total revenue. 40,11 5 12,61 i 160.89 ) 115,198 1018201 ) 939,62 »348003 )3092499 Net decrcaso o 039,621 ! .. 3480035 1 tho quarter 73,08 1 ~ Not incrcaso o i> the 3 ear 1 . .-. 212,404 GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. No very special matters of importance have occurred in connexion with the gold-mining ii.dustry in this colony during the past month, but the position of the industry generally is most satisfactory, the excellent yields which bavo been obtained during the post two years being well kept up, and quartz- mining having been still further extonded. In the early part of the' month somo hundreds of experienced miners left Melbourne for Charters Towers in Queensland, notwithstanding sufficient warn- ings from the press that there was no trust- worthy information to justify them in rushing to a supposed new diggings at so great a dis- tance from Victoria and at so great an expense to themselves, but the news which came by telegram during the month from Queens- land was of so discouraging a nature as to stop any further migration from here, and induce those who wero seriously bent on going to the supposed new rieb, gold-fields to settle down to work again in the various districts of this colony. The Sandhurst quartz mines still continue to attract the most attention of any of the Victorian mines, and the dulness which had fallen on the mining market about five or six weeks ago through the partial failure of the magnificent yields furnished by the Hustler's Tribute Company No. 1 for the previous nine or ten monthst but moro espe- cially through over speculation in tho share market and a too great eagerness to prospect for new reefs in the Sandhurst district, has almost passed away. There seems now to havo been no grounds for any misgivings as to the valuo of the Sandhurst reefs. The yields from them have been kept up splendidly and continue to improve. The Great Extended Hustler's Company, of which the tribute mentioned above is an off- shoot, have been especially successful, their yields improving at a rate which if kept up will shortly make thom equal to the uparal leled roturas which.their tribute company gave during the first half of this yoar. Their fortnight's yiold for the term ending 14th September was l,032oz., and for the next fortnight it was no loss than l,629oz. The tribute company's yield for tbe last fortnight has also improved to 545oz., from 314oz. in tbo preceding fortnight, and they have tho prospect before them of again striking as rich a run of stone as that which recently proved so valuable. Another com- pany in the same district, the New Chum and Bellevue Railway Reserve, has also como prominently forward during the past month or two, the yield from their mino for the fortnight ending September 16 being 85902\. and for that ending October 5 l,074oz. There aro many other mines which have given excellent retains that still continuo to io so, and it is seldom that many wooka pass ovor without fresh Hues of reef being proved to be of a profitable nature. Only within the last few days tho mines on the Oarshalton line of reef have considerably improved in public estimation, owing to tho prospects shown by some of the mines on tho lino, aud business has been done in claims upon it oxtending to one mile in length. The local correspondent of The Argus in last Saturday's roporfc, speak- ing of Sandhurst, says :-" Mining matters at present, as far as this district is concerned, wear a most prosperous aspect ; new dis- coveries of payable stone aro of almost daily occurrence, and these are by no means con- fined to one line of reef, but aro ia all parts. The returns of gold coming to hand far exceed those of some time past if we except the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute ; and before the close of tbe year the yields will be the means of adding very considerably to the dividend list, which, it is not unlikely, will almost double the amount paid last year." At Ballarat proper, although alluvial mining in the deep claims there continues to be somewhat dull, a pood deal of attention is ?' being attracted by the discovery of many exceedingly rich small veins of quartz in tho Black-hill and South Black-hill miuos. It is, however, very expensive to follow these small veins, in consequence of the stono in which they are embedded being very hard to work, but it is alleged that the veins run into larger lodes deeper in the earth, though as yet none of thom novo been traced properly to such lodes. In conjunction with these small veins some very gratifying intelligence has come from the Quaen Victoria and the Sovereign mines, which are situated little moro than a mile south of the Black-hill. In them lodes of great size havo been found, and in the Queen Victoria at the present timo a quartz lode is being worked at about the 220ft. lovel, said to bo 30ft. thick and to show fair gold ; while tho Sovereign's eastern drive at the 570ft. lovel is into a great body of stono that they cannot open into well till they get the pumping- engino ready to keep tho mino free of water. With these big lodes in the two mines named at good depths, and tho higher workings of the small veins in the Black-hill and Black-hill South mines, there should be an opportunity for somo competent geologist or mineralogist to inspect and report on the lodes in that part of Ballarat at any rate, if in no other. The Queen Victoria Com- pany havo, according to the report of the direc- tors at the lost general meeting, vory much improved thoir position by the increased and better appliances introduced at tho mine. The stone is poor, the average from 9,031 tons being but 2dwt 14Agr. ; but with this low return they appear to have been able to pay dividends equal to Is. 3d. per share per month, though the money was mostly devotod to the liquida- tion of the company's debts, while the tributers wero able to average £2 4s. Gd. per man per week. This improvement ia attributed to three causes-first, the great size and friable nature of the lodes; second, tho increase of crushing power from 20 to 30 heads of stamps ; and third, the improved pumping > arrangements which give the coaipany control of an unlimited supply of water. The success of the Queen Victoria Company should hold out great inducements to other companies on the same line of reefs to follow their example in the matter of good management, for on that chiefly will success depend where quartz or washdirt is poor. There have been one or two new discoveries reported daring the past week as having been made in Ballarat or some of its numerous subdivisions, which may lead up to important results, but, as there are no official accounts of any of thom, they can only be spoken of from rumour. The first of these discoveries is a new make of stone, or a now roof, in the south end of the claim of Mr. Learmonth, at Egerton, which shows in some 1)10063 splendid gold, and which is as much as 15ft. to 18ft thick. Groping about in the dark, without any gnido as to what was likely to be found, the men came on this treasure, and it is another proof of how little is known, and how much has to be learned, before any one can speak with the least confidence as to the depth from the surface or the position in which any quartz lodes may bo found, or of their probablo value or direction after they are discovered. Another is the discovery by the Koh-i-noor Company of good reef-wash at an elevation which corresponds to that at which it should be found under Mr. Serjeant's theory of high reef-washes. Another is the improved appearance of the lodes in the Albion mine at Steiglitz, which, taken in connexion with the lodes now opened up by the Dividend Quartz Company, those at Elaine and at Ballan and Lal Lal, is considered to be of much importance. Tho striking of now and what promises to bo rich gutters in some of the Smythesdale mines is likely to draw a good deal of attention to the Pitfield Plains district before long, and to cause the investment of some capital there; while at Creswick the search for tho deep and the shallow gutters is piosecuted with vigour by all the parties who aro interested. Great activity is being evinced in tho development of the numerous mines in the various divisions of the Castlemaine district, tbe success which has attended individual efforts having given a much greater feeling of confidence in the mines in those parts. The reports from the other mining districts of the colony are also favourable, moro especially with reference to quartz reefing ; and the new discoveries of reefs which aro constantly being made, almost, if not altogether, justify the opinion that gold mining is yet little beyond its infancy in Victoria, and that not a tithe of the treasures buried uudcr its surface have been ex- tracted, TWO RUSHES FOR GOLD. - lu lost monal'a summary it was mentioned tbat a rush of diggers had begun to two localities in the north of Queensland and South Australia, where thore was said to bo payable auriferous ground. The fears then expressed that at at least one of these movements would end in disaster were, it has since appeared, fully justified. Tho supposed new gold-field in Queensland 'is situated in the north-east of that colony, about 140 miles inland from Towns- ville, Cleveland Bay, and is known as Chai tcrs Towers. In that part of Queensland the climate is unhealthy, and quinine is considered the white man's best companion. The district, moreover, is so insufficiently settled that any sudden iuflux of large numbers of persons into it u sure to be attended with privation and suffering. Glowing accounts of the richness of the country obtained circulation, however. Its streams ran over golden Bands ; a man with a pickaxe, spade, and tin dish could make his fortune in a twinkling ! Distant fields aro ever greenest, and the stories so circulated obtained credence among Victorian miners, large numbers of whom threw up cei tain ties to go and hunt for a veritable Will o'-the-wisp. The rush collapsed as quickly as any of its ill-starred predecessors. Before the fitst parties of diggers had loft this colony news carno from Townsville that ought at once to have stopped the migration, The extent of the field had been ex- aggerated, and water was scarce, and was likely to continue so till the rainy season set-in. Items of news of that kind were published almost daily, till, on the 25th ult, the following telegram from Towns- ville was issuod :-" The accounts from this field are fearfully exaggerated. The lead has been lost. Miners coming must depend sololy on themselves, as no employment can bo obtained from Government, and thoro is no demand for labour. Hundreds continue to arrive, many of whom must meet with disap- pointment They cannot even prospect for want of water. The rush is both premature and ill-advised.'.' It was the supposed rich alluvial lead which had attracted the miners, and that, it will be seen by tho telegram, had disappeared. The locality possessed some promising quartz reefs, but thero was little or no machinery available for extracting the gold from tho stone, and of course the supply of labour far exceeded the demand for it. The rush from Melbourne was at its maximum about tho middle of September. Between the 13th and 23rd inclusive of that month six steamers left this port for Townsville direct or via Sydney, taking with them, besides an unusually large number of passen- gers in the saloon, about 1,500 in tho steerage, a very great majority of whom consisted of diggers hound for the Queensland Eldorado. The exodus provious to the 13th had also been large, and subsequent to the 23rd it con- tinued for a week or so, but on a greatly diminished scale. Of course, the number of Victorian diggers bound for Charters Towers was swelled at Sydney by persons from New Zealand and Now South Wales, and within a very short time there were some 4,000 or 5,000 on the field. Of these many wero almost or totally penniless, and provisions were dear and scarce. But diggers will not starve decently or quietly. Thero appears to havo been somo disorder, though the accounts on that point are not very clear, but at all events the Queensland Go- vernment was compelled to serve put rations, and the Australasian Steam Naviga- tion Company, which had conveyed most ot the men to Townsville, has brought many back to Sydney at greatly reduced fares. The ' origin of tho rush does not stand oat veri «lotir Just yot ; it is partly, perhaps, to bo attri- buted to somo of tho pioneer Charters Towers diggers, who, when they first hit on the fugitive alluvial lead, thoughtlessly sent down lose-coloured accounts of the country to their frionds in Victoria and elsewhere ; and there can be little doubt that one or two disreputable Queensland newspapers are to some extent fclameable. The Port Denison Times, for instance, a papor published at Bowen, a port about the same distance as Townsville from Charters Towers, circulated a telegram from a correspondent, dated August 30, in which it was stated that 1,000 men were on payable ground at Charters Towers, that the crushings avoraged from 3oz. to lOoz. of gold to the ton of quartz, and that wages men were not obtainable. The Ravenswood Miner, another local paper, took the P. D. Simes to task for the circulation of this telegram, which it described as a mass of falsehoods from beginning to end ; and it added that the alluvial lead spread very much, .and had become poorer as it spread. The vast rrnjority of the Queensland journals, however, .R-tably the Brisbane Courier, took a proper course, and tried to stop the rush. Fears were entertained in Victoria by persons whose friends had gone to Charters Towers for their safety, as ominous stories of the scarcity of provisions there were in circulation; and, on the 26th September, in accordance «rith a request of one of tho mem- bers of the Legislative Assembly, the Chief Secretary telegraphed to the Queens- land Government for information as to the ruBh. He received a reply to the effect that about 200 miners were dissatisfied, but that they seemed very quiet; that very few required relief, and that the police magistrate had issued 45 rations on the 25th September, and 22 on the 26th. This news, however, did not correspond with intelligence simultaneously received through private sources, which represented the condition of things to be worse than the Queensland Government admitted. If, howover, there bad been any imminent danger of starvation, it iseztremly probable that the Government of this colony would have taken prompt steps for the relief of the emigrant diggers. All danger seems to have been averted now, and most of tho men have returned south. Charters Towers doubt- less possesses somo tolerably good reefs, but they must wait their tura for development. In many other parts of Australia, which are in a more settled state, and possess a healthier climate, and are, moreover, much more easily accessible, there are reefs at least equally rich, the gold of which will naturally be extracted first. The rush to Port Darwin has been of much less magnitude than that to Charters Towers. Ko payable alluvial ground has been found at the former place, the gold being locked up in reefs of quartz. Fort Darwin is situated at about the middle of the northern coaBt of South Auitralia, which colony possesses a belt of land running through the middle of the mainland of Australasia from south to north. The parties engaged in erecting the trans-Australian telegraph from Adelaide in the south to Fort Darwin in the north of 'that colony, found, as is alleged, gold in various localities. The stories they, circulated soon spread, and a rush set in, which has been principally directed to Yam Creek, about 120 miles south of Fort Darwin, At first there was a pretty large exodus to that locality, but its attrac- tions were eclipsed by the reputed glories of Charters Towers. A number of experienced Victorian miners did go to Fort Darwin, however, and they aro now engaged with othors in thoroughly prospecting that region. But difficulties have beon felt, owing to the scarcity of water and provisions. Several gold mining and prospecting companies, whose field of operations will he in the Fort Darwin district, have been formed in Adelaide, and our neighbours down there, who have hitherto appeared content with their ivheat and copper, have undoubtedly be- come infected with gold fever. In the meantime conflicting accounts as to the rich- ness of the northern part of South Australia are being received. One of the latest items is a telegram from Adelaide to the effect that a private telegram had been received from the Yam Creek Gold-mining Company, of Yam Creek, stating that alluvial diggings had been discovered there. Bat miners of this colony, reckless as they have shown themselves at times, are not likely to go to Port Darwin in consequence of that statoment. AGRICULTURE. The weather hos been thoroughly spring-like, rain and sunshine rapidly alternating ; the nights, also, being of by no means uniform temperature. Frosts have frequently occurred, but they bave not been sufficiently severo to injure vegetation, excepting in the coolest and wettest districts, whore the oat crops are look- ing the reverse of promising. Reports of the fungoid disease, known as "take-all," have been received from various quarters during the last fortnight, but it is satisfactory to leam that its ravages are confined in this colony almost wholly to oats, and do not, as in South Australia, extend to the wheat crops In the latter colony, the wheats are most promising, no disease whatever being men- tioned as affecting them. In Victoria, also, although they are necessarily less for- ward-our harvest lime being a month or BÍX weeks later- the wheats are gene rally well spoken of. Owing to the long prevalence of wet, the full area, in tuauy districts, has neither been ploughed nor sown, as that the registrar's statistics are likely to exhibit a slight decrease in the area under crop, as compared with the provious year. Still ic has to be remembered that although the older farmers may not have sown as much grain as they had intended.to, the piogress of settlement has established many more upon the land, and thoy will all contribute something towards the total figure lor the year. South Australia then is sure to bave a considerable surplus of the principal cereal, and Victoria will at least not require to go beyond her own bounds for supplies unless another visitation of rust should strike our crops on the eve of harvest. During the remainder of the present month and the first three weeks of November, a series of agricultural shows will take place in this colony. Shows will be held in suc- cession at Belfast, Geelong, Melbourne, Sand- hurst. Camperdown, Ballarat, Clunes, Smea- ton Colac, and Kyneton, by the pastoral and agricultural associations whose headquarters aro fixed at those places. Since the decease of the Board of Agticulture,no attempt has been made to bold shows in various places, accord- ing to the plan of the Royal of England, the Highland, and other home societies. On the \- 3rd, a show of long-wool sheep was held at Hexham, in the Wostern district. Thero »vere 185 head competing, and 1,500 yarded for auction. Of Mr. A. Austin's Lincoln rams, roany realised from £20 to £75, making an average of £33 per head. These prices, how- ever, were not the order of the day, but Mr, Rutledge sold pure Lincolns at £4 10s, to £11, and two crossbred ewes at £15 each. ¿The majority of the other sheep offered for sale seem, from the prices realised, to have bad a slight dash of foreign blood, thus showing the estimation in which purity is held by our fiockowners. When there is no reason tp doubt either the pedigree or health of the sheep, very excellent prices are realised. sheep, very excellent prices are realised. Tho Victorian Beet-root Sugar Company, whoso works are situated at the Anakies, \- appear to have at length surmountod all the difficulties-incidental to the starting of new \- enterprises in newly occupied countries. Tho manufacture of sugar is now regularly pro \- ceeding without let or hindrance, and the articles produced are grainy yellow counters -of a quality leaving nothing to he desired. The works are calculated to work up 10,000 tons during the season, working night and day. The roots grown* this year range in freight from 21b. to 51b., of which sizes tho \- company has 2,000 tons ready stacked for use, .The average yield per acre of the crops grown by Messrs. Staughton and Lewis, which were thoroughly well cultivated, was \- 32 tons per acre, and these root have given on analysis from 10 to 14} per cent, of sac chorine matter. Although the continent» authorities applied to by the agent-general of Victoria for advice, recommended the usa of hydraulic presses and the avoidance of the diffusion process, the latter has been adopted by .the company ; and so good an article having been produced at this early stage of the operations, there can bo rio doubt of the com- pleto _ success of the process, when further experience shall havo familiarised the hands with their work. It was said that although the use of presses involved the employment of an amount of labour that was positively appalling in view of the condition of our lar«;".'; market, it would be found the safest alv.fbést system of manufacture in the long run. < Our European teachers seem to have imagined that experts in Bogar-making could not be imported to this country, and further, to have estimated too highly the difficulties of mastering the process that has at length boen successfully adopted. With an inadequate supply of roots.it is not to be anticipated that tho company's operations for the first year will show a balance on the right side. It will bo satisfactory in the highest degree should it do 30 at the close of the second year. MEAT.PRESERVING. Operations during the past month, as lu the previous few months, have beon carried on to a . moderate extent only, and the factories aro still waiting for au improvement in the state of the fat-stock market. The price of sheep promises to come down shortly, and at the same time late advices from the English market have been encouraging. Under theso circumstances, preserving is likely to be resumed ou a large scale at an early date. The shipments for the four weeks ending 28th September, when the stocks kept on hand by the different companies must havo got very low, amounted to only 254,8691b., valued at £7,595. The shipments in the last four weeks of August amounted to 1.047,6331b., valued at £23,277. The fluctua tions which the business seems to be subject to in these, the early years of its development, have been trying to many of the companies, and it is only the very substantial ones that have held their position. The half-yearly meeting of tho Melbourno Meat-presorving Company was held last Monday. The operations of the company during the past six months comprised the slaughter of 694 oxen and 111,980 sheep. Tho rise in the value of live stock, coupled with the great falling off in the return of tallow extracted from the animals', rendered the post season a somewhat trying one. The directors persevered with the ordinary opera- tions of the factory until the beginning ef July last, when, finding the supplies of stock forwarded to the Melbourne market wholly inadequate to the requirements, they curtailed the work at the factory, and reduced opera- tions to the lowest scale compatible with keeping together their best operatives. The advices from England relative to the sale of the company's productions were of a much more cheering character than they had boen for some time past, and the increased demand for preserved meat, both in England and on the Continent, was confidently expected to lead to an enhancement in price which would compensate the company for the extra cost of the article on this side. The accounts made up to 31st August resulted in a balance of £9,0610s. 7d. to the credit of profit and loss, out of which the directors recommended the usual dividend of 53. per share, equivalent to 10 per cent per annum. The factory had been enlarged by tho erection of a new tin- smith's shop and machinery room. The further extension contemplated would be proceeded with whenever the prospects of tho trade in preserved meat seemed to justify this step. The Ballarat Company has resolved upon increasing its capital by tho issue of 4,000 preferential shares of £2 10s. each, to bo offered to the present shareholders until tho 1st November, and after that date to the general public. If £6,000 worth are not subscribed for, then a meeting will be held to consider the advisability of winding the company up ; but in the face of better advices this course, it is hoped, will not be rendered necessary. The Geelong Company has received en- couraging advices from its London agents, and intends to act upon them. Great care seems to bo taken by this company that tins of good quality shall alone be placed on the market. Moat-preserving will bo resumed during the current month. The Western Company, at Colac, was kept in fall swing by preserving beef, rabbits, kangaroo, and poultry, until the latter end of September, when, in con- sequence of the excessive drain upon the resources of the district, the supply Blackened considerably. It is the intention of the proprietors to devote special attention to the preserving in canisters of wild fowl at tho termination of the close season, for which, with rabbits, the English agent holds out a prospect of a good and profitable demand. Preserving is to be resumed in the course of a few weeks, when the sheep market will have improved. THE LABOUR MARKET. During the post month the business in all the large trades has greatly improved. In the building trades the men aro fully employed, and there is a prospect of good tradesmen being wanted for some time to come. Tho boot trade has recovered from the temporary depression from which it was suffering last month, and all the factories are now in full work. The high price of stock has had the effect of cramping the operations of the meat preserving establishments throughout tho colony, and this has put a good many skilled .workmen out of employment; but as the shearing is now pretty well over in Riverina, we may soon expect a large quantity of surplus stock to be placed on tho market, when tho meat preserving establishments will be again fully employed. Shearing in Victoria is pro- gressing very rapidly, and there is ample employment for ordinary labourers. Shearers are rather scarce, and the rates paid are above tho averago of the past few years. The clothing factories are in full work, and are likely to continue so for some time. The demand for good domestic servants is as great as ever, and after the shearing is over, when there is always a great demand for country servants, this want will be felt still more strongly. The ship Colonial Empiro arrived in Uobson's Bay on September 23rd, with 436 Government immigrants and warrant passengers. There was no sickness on the voyage, and the passengers all landed in excellent health. The following aro the rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £2C to £30 per annum ; female cooks, receive from £35 to.£52 per annum ; male do., 20s. to 70s. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £30 per annum ; laundresses.£30 to£40 per annum. For Hotels-Cooks, mole and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Stations-First-class married couples for home stations, £00 to £80 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £52 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-Men oooks, £40 to £02 per annum ; married couples, £50 to £60 per do. ; female ceneral servants, £25 to £35 per do. to £35 per do. Waiters for hotels, 15s. to 30s. per week ; grocers' assistants, 15s. to 30s. do.; general store do., 20s. to 40s. do.; drapers' assistants, 30s. to40s. do.¡nurserygovernesses, £30 to £40 per annum; finishing do., £G0to£80do. Station Hands.-Wool sorters and classers get 20s.per 1,000 sheep; drovers, from 15s. to 20s. per week ; grooms and stockmen, 20J. do. ; the rate paid to shearers in Riverina is from 17s. to 18s. per 100 sheep, without rations : in Victoria the men receive from 12s, to 14s. per 100, with rations. Farm Servants. - Ploughmen receive 15s. to 20s. per week ; teamsters, 20*. do. ; ordinary labouring men, 15s. do. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Building Trades.-Stonemasons and plas- terers receivo 10s. per day ; carpenters from 8s. to 9s. per do.; slaters, 10s. to 11s. per do.; bricklavers, 10s. per do.; labourers, from 6s. to 7s. per do.; pick-and-shovel men, 6s. per do. The day's work is eight hours. Bootmakers.-The business in this trade has greatly improved during the past month, and the manufactories are all in full work again. The rates paid remain the same. For rivetting children's boots as low as Cd. per pair has been paid, and Is. for women's boots, lOd. for boys', and Is. 3d, for mon's boots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trade the rates paid remain about the same. In a few of the best shops the rates paid are-Wellingtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. Gd. ; closing, 8s. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. There ara no regular hours for work in this trade. Butchers,-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 60s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 60s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (pork butchers) receive 40s, to 60s. per week. Brassfinishers and Coppersmiths.-There is a full supply of labour in this trade. The average rate of wages paid is 10s. per day. Coachbuilders.-For this time of the year, business in this trade is very fair. Smiths receive from £210». to £3 10s. per week. A few hands earn as high as £4 per week. Body makers-Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good hands are from £2 10s. to £3 por week. Wheelers -All this work is done by the piece. Painters receivo from 9s. to lis. por day. Trimmers earn from £3 to £3 10s. per week. In this trade tho day's work is 10 hours. Cabinetmakors.-There is not much work doing in this trade just now. The average earnings of good tradesmen is 93. per day, though some superior hands get highor wages. Second-class workmen earn from 35s. to 40s. per weok. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece ; tho wages fixed by the trade ore 10s. por day of 10 hours. Tallow casks are made for 5s. Cd. each. Clothing Factories.-All the establish- ments in this trade aro now in full work. In factories where the work is dono on the premises the wages earned aro as follow :-Tailoresses, from £1 to £1 15s. per wdok : prossers, £2. From 12s. to 15s. is earned at shirt-making in factory hours, but tho greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 6, Farriers.-First-class firemen got £2 15s. per week ; door-men receive £2 10s. per do. Inferior workmen receive from £1 10s. to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s. to 30s. per week, with their hoard and lodging. In some parts of the country the price of shoeing has been raised from 7s. and 8s. to 8s. and 9i. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. por week ; coachmen receive from 40s. to 60s, per do. Gardeners.-Tho work in this trade has improved considerably, and there is better employment for good hands. The rates paid are :-Best workmen, for situations near town, 403\. to 45s. per week without rations; for situations in the country, 20s. to 30s. per week, with rations; inferior hands for the country receive from 15s. to 20s. per week, with rations. Hatters.-The business in this trade is increasing. Bodymakers receive 20s. per dozen ; finishers, 24s. per dozen ; shapers, 6s. to 12s. per dozen ; crown sewers, 5s. per dozen ; trimmers. 8s. per dozen. Iionworkers.-Tho rates paid in this trade aro as follow ¡-Boilermakers, smiths, fitters, and turners, 10s. per day; labourers, 7s. per do. Jewellers.-In the manufacturing jewellers' establishments the workmen receive from £2 15s. to £3 15s. For the finer work the wages range from £5 to £6 per week, Good tradesmen can get full employment. Miners.-The average Tate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hour shifts ; brooksmen get a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10s, '.ordinary quartz-minersget£25s.per woek ; engineers receive £3 to £3 10s. In Bendigo, most of the work is done on tribute. In Alexandra, miners receive £210s. per week. Most of the work in Gipps Land is done by contract ; where wages are paid, the men re- ceive from £210s. to £3. Navvies.-The rate poid the mon employed on the North-Eostern Railway is 9d. per hour. Painters and Glaziers.-Fair tradesmen re- emo from 9s. to 10s. per day. This trade is fully supplied. Plumbers and Gasfittors receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Printers.-The rate paid in this trade is Is. per 1,000. In manufacturing Btotionors' establishments lithographers aro paid £3 per week ; binders, £3 per week ; paper-rulers, £3 5s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at prosent fully sup- plied. Stevedores* Men, &c-Lumpers; get 10s. and 12s. per day, when in work, but at present there is scarcely a thing doing in the trade. Engineers in tow-boats and donkoy-ongino drivers receive £18 por month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Sailors receive £5 per month in sailing ves- sels, and £6 per month in steamships. Saddlers.- In the best shops thero is plenty of work for good tradesmen. The earnings are about £210s. per week. The commoner sorts of work is not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25i. to 30s. per week. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.-Boamsmen receive 40s, to 50s. per week ; shedsmen, 429. to 45s. per do.; tanners, 38s. to45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings aro from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In faetones, the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rato is 40s. per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths.-Owing to the meat-preserving companies not being fully employed, a good many men in this trade are out of work at present. The rates paid are as follow :-Best workmen, £3 to £4 por week of 8 hours per day. In the trade, the rate is from £210s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Watchmakers.-The general rate of wages in this trade is £4 per woek, though some of the superior workmen get as high as £6. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traffic on the Victorian Railways for tho week ending October 3 show a good increase ovor the returns of the corre- sponding period of last year. The amount received for the carriage of passengers, horses, carriages, mails, and parcels is £5,055 3s,, as against £4,46313s. 5d" the amount re- ceived for the corresponding period of last year, showing an increase of £591 9s. 7d. in this branch of traffic. The goods and cattle traffic gives a return of £11,026 19ä. Cd., as against £8,984 7s. 9d, for the same period last year, showing an increase ia this branch of traffic amounting to £2,042 11s. 9d. The receipts for the week are £16,082 29. Cd., as against £13,448 Is. 2d. last year, showing an increase in favour of the present year of £2,534 Is. 4d. The aggregate returns to date from the 1st July amount to £164,166 3s. 3d., as against £155,01019s, Id. last year, showing an increase in favour of the present year's returns of £9,155 4s. 2d. The weekly average of 14 weeks is £11,726 3s. Id., as against £11,072 4s. 3d. last year, showing a weekly increase of £65318s. lOd. over the re- turns of the corresponding period of last year. The following are the gross returns of the Victorian Railways from the 1st January in each year:-Traffic to 1st October, 18G8, £412,336 4s. lid.; to 30th September, 1869, £430,451 14s. 4d.,* to 6th October, 1870, £407,270 10s. Id.; to 5th October, 1871, £431,223 4s. 9d. ; to 3rd October, 1872, £470,915 18s. iOd. The returns of the traffic on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company for the four weeks ending 26th September show a very great increase over the returns foi the corresponding period of last year. The amount received for the carriage of passen- gers is £6,93118s. 3d. as against £6,132 2s. 2d. lost year, showing an increase of £79916s. Id. in favour of the present year. The goods traffic gives a return of £3,243 16s. 7d. as against £2.2S6 16s. lid. for the cor- responding period of last year, showing an increase in the present year amounting to £956 19s. 9d. The total returns for the four weeks amount to £10,175 14s. 10d., as against £8,41819s. Id., showing an increase in favour of the present year of £1,750 15s. 9d. The aggregate returns to date from 1st July amount to £29,358 10s, 10d., as against £25,758 8s. 3d. the return for last year to 28th Septomber, showingan increase of £3,C002s.7d. in favour of the present year, with two days' trafficless. The weekly average is £2,335 6s. 9d., as against £2,003 Sa. 7&,¡ the average of lost year, showing a weekly increase in favour of the present year of £33118s. 2d. Tho accounts of the traffic on the Victorian Railways for the year ending 30th June give the following results :-The revenue in round numbers is £639,000. and the working expenses 44 per cent. On the Sandhurst and Echuca line the expenses are 43 por cent., on the Ballarat line 45 per cent., on the North- Eastern line 54 per cent., and on the Williamstown line 81 per cent. Of course, the total amount of working expenses on tho two last-named lines is comparatively trifling, and, therefore, the avorage on the wholo is only as above stated. The apparent profit is something like £357,000; but, of course, against this must be placed tho interest on the loan. THE VOLUNTEERS. The following appointments in connoxion with the volunteer force have beon gazetted : -All lieutenant-colonels in the volunteer force, Major Irving, Major Anderson, Major Moule, Major Sargood, Captain Stubbs, Captain Shepherd, Brevet-captain Buchan, Brevet-captain King-to be a board for tho examination of candidates for promotion in the volunteer force. The commandant to put such members of the board in orders as be may consider necessary to carry out the duties of the examination. To be Captains Commandant-Captain James Trangmar. commandingPortland detachment. Western Volunteer Artillery Corps j Captain Charles Augustus Cramer, commanding Warr- nambool detachment, Western Volunteer Artillery Corps. To bo Brevet Captain Lieutenant Edward Templeton, Carlton Volunteer Rifle Corps. To be Lieutenant Sergeant-Major Thomas W. Courtney, 1st Castlemaine Volunteer Rille Corps. Unat- tached List-Lieutenant Georgo Clipperton, to be captain. Transfer-Brevet Captain Thomas Green, 1st Castlemaine Volunteer Rifle Corps, to the staff of tho Mount Alexan- der district. It has been decided to confer the appoint- ment of adjutant to the volunteer force of the colony Upon Major F. W. BulL He will most probably resign his present commission on the local staff, and take the rank of captain instead. It is expooted that Sergeant Major Nicholson will shortly bo appointed subaltern of the paid artillery corps, under Captain Stubbs. A court, consisting of Major Sir Francis Murphy, Captain Templeton, and Brovet Captain Watson, has been held at the Victoria Barracks, for the purpose of investigating a report furnished by Lieutenant A. T. Clark, of the Williamstown Artillery, to the Colonol Commandant with respect to the conduct of tbo paid artillery corps at the Brighton manouvres on Good Friday. The report was to the effect that Lieutenant Clark had picked up a carbine belonging to the corps, had earned it for a considerable distance, and then handed it to a non commissioned officer who said he was in charge of the corps. From the evidence it did not appear to bo disputed that a rifle had been picked up, and the explanation offered was this-that late in the day Lieutenant-Colonel Mair, who was in command of the battalion which included the paid artillery, permitted somo of his men to fall out in order to get some water from a waterhole a little distance from the spot where they were halted. The bugle sounded the advance before they had rejoined, and the corps marched on without them. The men, who it was suggested might have placed their rifles on the ground when they left the ranks, not finding them thero when they returned, concluded that their comrades had taken care of them, and con- sequently ran on to rejoin tho corps, without stopping to make a search. Lieutenant Clark was unable to identify the person to whom he gave the carbine, although con- fronted with Sergeant-Major Nicholson, who was in charge of the corps on the occasion, aud to whom, in the Legislative Assembly, he stated tbat ho gave it. None of the witnesses examined could throw any information upon this part of the affair. The Court decided that the carbine referred to by Lieutenant Clark, and found by him at Brighton, was not im- properly quitted by its owner, and that there was no evidence to show to whom Lieutenant Clark delivered the carbine. None of the other charges mado by Lieutenant Clark in the Legislative Assembly, of which body he is a member, were entered into, so it may be concluded that the assertion that the corps was a disorderly mob bos been abandoned. THE WEATHER. The weather during the early part of the month was very fine and mild, but subse- quently it became unseasonably warm. Seve- ral close and sultry days were experienced, but on a change taking place cool agreeable spring weather set in. In somo parts of tho country a good deal of rain fell. The total rainfall since the beginning of the year, as registered at the Observatory, is 22'28in., as compared with 21'41in. during the same period in 1871. On Tuesday evening, October 8, heavy thunderstorms passed over Maldon and Echuca. At the first-named place the fall of rain was so heavy that a considerable amount of injury to property was occasioned by it. At the latter, a severe hailstorm was also experienced. RACING. The great event of the month in the racing world has been the Australian Jockey Club Meeting on the Randwick course, noar Sydney. The second or Metropolitan day excited tho greatest interest throughout the Australian colonies. Dagworth, who had performed so well on the Derby day, was -made a very strong favourite, and was backed freely against the field at 5 to 4 up to tho start. The day's sport opened with the Ladies' Mile, which was won by a Kingston colt called Viceroy, beating five others. The Metropolitan Maiden Plate was carried off by Loup Garou, the Derby winnor, who disposed of his four antagonists with easo. The next was the great handicap race, the Metropolitan Stakes. The nume- rous accidents of training, and the prowess of tho great Dagworth, had reduced tbo field to 15 when the horses came out to start. The pace was made a fast ono from tho fall of the flag. Cyclops lod for about two-thirds of the journey, when the lead was taken byBluo Peter, a three-year-old, by Kingston, who, however, soon retired, and Dagworth, Clans- man, and Quack came to the front, the first named winning comfortably by a little over a length, the two others finishing in the order named. The two miles was dono in 3m. 35 8-10s., tho fastest on record for this race. Dagworth is a brown bay colt, by Yattendon out of Nutcut, by Pitsford out of Amber, by Glaucus (an Arab). He stands over 16 hands, and is a very taking horse in appearanco, though a little high on the leg. Until tho present season, Dagworth had not particularly distinguished himself, though on one or two occasions he had performed well enough in good company to warrant his _ having a heavier impost than 7st. 51b., a light weight for a four-year-old colt of his class. Dagworth is engaged in the Melbourne Cup, for which his weight is 7st, 121b., with penalties included. The day's Bport wound up with the Squatters' Stakes, which was won by Acorn, another Kingston colt. The third day's sport opened with the Free Handicap, which was won by Clodhopper hy Australian. Five others started. The Craven Plate was won by Dagworth, after a splendid finish with Javelin, In this race tho Metropolitan winner showed that hu could carry his weight for age. The Prince of Wales Stakes was won by Womba, beating five others. Only six colts carno out for the Australian Sires' Produce Stakes, for which Lonp Garou was backed at ovens against the field. The race was a very brilliant one. King of tho Ring, a Victorian bred colt by Ace of Clubs out of Rose de Florence, carried off the victory by a splendid rush at the finish. Loup Garou, who carried 71b. penalty, was third. The Sydney Handi- capfell to the Quack, by Peter Wilkins. Four others started. The fourth and last day of the meeting opened with the Tradesmen's Plate, won by Barbollo, beating throe others. Bridesmaid won tho handicap for three - year - olds, carrying 6st. 111b. Eight others started. Vixen, by Yat- tendon, won the Waverley Handicap, for which six others started. Only four horses came out for the Randwick Plate, of three miles, weight for ago. The Victorian King of the Ring won as he likod from start to finish, none of his opponents being able to make him gallop at the finish. The meeting wound up with the Forced Handicap, for which Womba, by Plover, was the Victor. Eight others started for the race. Dagworth has since arrived in Melbourne in good health, and the best price to be obtained about the Molbourno Cup is 2 to L The Flemington Hunt Club hold a Steeple- chase Meeting on the Geelong Course, on the 11th inst., and the Molbourno Hunt Club follow with a meeting on the 19th inst. The entries for both meetings have been very good. good. For the last three or four years the young thoroughbred stock in Victoria have been subject to a peculiar disease which bas boen named by racing men the nasal disease, from the swelling on each side of the face which is the chief indication of the complaint. From the first it was observed that the disease only attacked young thoroughbred horses and always those in training, though one case is said to bave occurred where the animal was brought up on pasture. Several racing stables have suffered from the disenso, and during the preparation for the Australian Jockey Club Spring Meeting the two splendid Victorian-bred three-year-old colts Argus Scandal and Belphegor wero attacked with the complaint, and withdrawn from all engagements. On the 19th September Knavesmire. a very fine three-year-old colt in Mr. Wm. Filgate's stable, died from this disease, after suffering from it for nearly l8 months. This was a young horso of great promise. He was bought at Mr. Petty's annual sale of yearlings for 580 guineas. A few days afterwards, Retort, a fine four year-old mare in the same stable, died from the disease. Thero was now quite a panic amongracing menas the complaint was thought to bo contagious, and from its mysterious and fatal nature every one was afraid to invest ia racehorses. A postmortem examination was held on tho body of Knavesmire by Drs. Youl, Barker, and Thomson, "and Messrs, G. Mitchell and Rutherford, veterinary surgeons, when tho non-contagious character of tho disease was at once established. The internal portion of nearly all the bones in the body was found to bo quite soft and spongy, and from tho general post-mortem appearance the disease was considered by the medical gentlemen to be of a rheumatic character. Messrs. Mitchell and Rutherford pronounce the disease to bo identical with that known to European veterinary surgeons as osteo-porosis. Tho disease is under the careful consideration of the medical gontlomen who attended the post-morttm examination, and an exhaustive report on it is expected shortly. The subjoct is ono of the greatest interest in Victoria, where horseracing is carried on in a stylo unequalled in any other British dependency, and whoro a largo amount of money is invested in thoroughbred studB, THE THEATRES, &c.; Nothing deserving special mention has occurred in connexion with theatres this month. The two principal thoatres-tho Prince of Wales and the Princess's-havo beon fairly supported. At tho formor tho management have produced a variety of pieces, some of great merit, and the whole have been carefully mounted. The principal dramas'were "Elizabeth," "Mario Stuart," "The Mysteries of Audley Court," "Frou-. Frou," and "Fettered." In each Mrs. Glad- stane sustained the leading part. Her imper- sonations of Queen Elizabeth and Marie i Stuart were especially successful. At the Princess's, the drama "Lost in London" has been played with success. "Smoke," "Rip Van Winkle," "Lucretia Borgia," and the burlesque of "The Willow Pattern Plate" have also been produced. The Magnet troupe of gymnasts have drawn good houses at St. George'sHall, and have recently been engaged to give a supplementary performance every evening at tho Prince of Wales Theatre. Miss Lottie, the lady athlete, is a great favourite. The erection of the now Thoatro Royal is being rapidly proceeded with, and the building is expected to be completed early in November. MUSIC. Thero have beon numerous good con- certs during the past month, some of them distinguished by very superior quali- ties. In most of these the now organ at the Town-hall has played a conspi- cuous part. Shortly after wo last wrote a grand soirée was held at the Temperance hall, in Russell-street, at which the Kennedy family, who had just concluded a season of more than ordinary success, were invited guests. The affair was in the hands of a very numerous and respoctable committee, and was intended os a recognition of the exertions made by the Kennedy family to "elevate the tone and improve the character of popular entertainments." An ox-mayor of this city was chairman, and a number of clergymen were present. Handsome presents wore made to Mr. Kennedy's sons and daughters. The tendency of the affair was to make ontirely too much of theguests of the evening, especially in the way of invidious comparison with theatrical performers. At the new * As- sembly-hall in St. Kilda the Benevolent Ladies' Society at that place have given a series of amateur concerts fortnightly. They bave been extremely well attended, and the quality of the amateur talent-displayed thereat was of a most respectable kind, whether in vocal and instrumental music or in the way of readings. At tbe last of these entertainmonts Romberg's " Kinder Symphonie" was per i formed. A concert in aid of the funds of the Asylum and School for the Blind was given 1 at the Town-hall on the 17th ult. The Ken- nedy family kindly assisted with their services, but the principal port of the performance was undertaken by the blind pupils themselves, who displayed high capabilities as piano and organ players, The Saturday orgau recitals have gone on as usual, except where set aside by concerts of a more pretentious stomp. At one of these the practice of introducing slangy terms into the composition of 'the programme met with well-merited censure. On the 21st September Signor Giorza, who carno hero as conductor to the Agatha States opera troupe, and had already made a most favourable impression as a pianoforte player, madehis first appearance as an organ performer. In this branch of his art he was equally successful, and his public performances are now patro- nised by crowded audiences. His great skill lies in the selection and combination of stops for orchestral effect He is also a clever composer for the instrument. At the concert alluded to the States Company appeared together for tho last time hore. Since that date Madame States and Signor Orlandini havo gone to Sydney, and Signor Susini, the eminent basso, and Signor Cecchi (tenor) remain here, Another concert of a similar stamp took place on the 28th September, at which tho leading artists were Signor Giorza (organ and piano), with Mrs. Cutter and Signori Susini and Cecohi, and this alio was highly successful. On the 24th September, the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, con- ducted by Mr. David Lee, gave J. F. Barnett's "Ancient Mariner" for the first time in Mel- bourne. The cantata was at once accepted with great favour. The solo parts wore given by Mrs. Cutter, Madame Miranda Hirst, Mr. Donaldson, and Mr. Juniper. At this concert Beethoven's " Choral Fantasia" was also given with admirable effect, the pianoforte part being brilliantly performed by a genuine Beethoven student, Mr. J. Buddee. This concert has added greatly to the fame of the society, but was of no benefit to its funds. In most of tbo churches about Melbourne the organ is superseding the harmonium. Two were opened recently, namely, at the Wosleyan Church, Emerald-hill, andat St. Jude's Church, Carlton. There are now three organ manu- factories established in Melbourne. On the 5th inst,, Mr. David Leo, the popular con- ductor of the Melbourno Philharmonic Society, gave the first concert on his own account in Melbourne. The best names amongst the musical profession in this placo were to be found in the programme. The wbolo affair was alike creditable to the artists who presented and theandience who witnessed the entertainment Mr. John Do Haga, at ono time a very useful basso singer in Mr. Lyster's "Squires and Escott" opera company, committed suicide at Williamstown on the 4th inst. It tnrned out that the poor follow had lost his voice recently, and was in extreme poverty. He was an amiable man, and is much regretted. The Lyster and Cagli Italian and English opera company having finished one very successful season in Syd- ney, have commenced a second under most favourable auspices. We hear that it is likely Mr. Lyster will enter into negotiation with a number of professional players calling them- selves the " London Orchestral Union," with a view to a visit by that body to this country in the first half of 1873, When last heard of the Simonsen company had arrived at Hono- lulu, where they had to submit to vaccination. The Melbourne Gorman Liedertafel continues a very prosperous careor, and minor musical entertainments in abundance take place in all directions. OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS. Great interest is felt in the intercolonial boat race to como off at Sydney next month. The crew which is to represent Victoria has been practising steadily during the last month. Thoro havo been a number of scratch matches on the Yarra, and some yacht racos on the Albert-park lagoon, which is becoming 3uito a favourito place of resort on Satur* ays. A Victoria Yacht Club has been esta- blished, and promises to be woll supported. Football has now given place to cricket. No matches of any importance have takon place yet A portion of the Molbourno Cricket ground was remade during the winter and sown with grass. It now looks very well. The mile race between Hewitt and Bird, the Engliah runners, was won by Howitt, by a foot, in 4m, 43s. It carno off in Adelaide a few days ago. DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS. The following is a list of tho deaths (exclu- sive of natives) that have taken placo in the Melbonrne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as they are known, the names of the deceosod persons, their agos, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Bradshaw, James, cook, aged 43, nativo of Maidstone ; arrived in 1854 by the Amazon ; died September 7, of phthisis. Bradford, Wm., bootmakor, aged 66, native of London ; orri ved in 1847, snip unknown: diod Sep- tember 25, of cancor. Baxter. Wm,, shoe- black, aged C7, nativo of Norfolk ; arrived in 1852, ship unknown; died October 7, of exhaustion from senility. Clancy, Chas., gunmaker, aged 39, native of London : arrived in 1860 by tho Royal Charlio; diod September l8, of pleuro pneumonia. Colo, Ann, married woman, aged 38, native of Ireland : arrived in 1805 by tho Earl Grey ; diod October 3. of phthisis. D royer, John, painter, aged C1, native of Tipperary ; arrived in 1857 by tho Almora ; died September 13, of morbus cordis. Deegan, Thomas, dairyman, aged 25, native of Liver- pool : arrived in 1853 by the Southern Empiro ; died Soptombor 25, of ompyoma. Evans, Roland, teacher, aged 40, nativo of Wales ; arrived in 1852 by the James Carson ; died September 13, of phthisis. Fletcher, Harry, carter, aged 43, nativo of Gloucestershire ; arrivod in 1866 by tho Mer uioucestcrsniro ; arrivou in xooo oy tuo flier maid ; died Octobor 3, of debility. Hoyle, Mary Ann, married woman, aged 42, native of Middlesex ; arrived in 1857 by the Lady Milton : diod August 31, of gan- grene of ann. This nomo was orronoously given in last summary as Mary Ann Hopo. Irvine, Martha, domestic, aged 30, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1803 by the Lightning ; died Octobor 5, of morbus cordis. Jarvis, Henry, messenger, aged 55, native of Norfolk ; arrived in 1852 by tho Kent ; died September 15, of morbus cordis. Laidman, Androw, labourer, aged 53, nativo of Finland ; arrived in I860, ship unknown ; died September l8, of phthisis. Lubko, Christina, marriod woman, aged 52, nativo of Germany ; arrived in 1872, by the Augusta ; died October 1, of exhaustion from sonility. Lillye, William Honry, aged 33, further par ticulars unknbwn ; died October 8, of disoaso of tho brain. Morris, Edward, butcher, aged 40, native of < London ; arrived in 1857, by the Medway ; died October 7, of morbus cordis. Phelan, Martin, draper's assistant, aged 38, > native of Ireland; arrived in 1855, by thai Albion ; died September 5, of phthisis. Rogers, John, gardenor, aged 5G, native of Scotland; arrived in 1854, by the Lady Joycelyn; died September 2, of bronchitis. Rushton, John, pointsman, aged 47, nativo of Lancashire; arrived in 1849, by the Peckingham ; died Septombor 24, of gangrone1 of lung. Ryan, Elly, blacksmith, aged 38, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1850, ship unknown; died September 28, of morbus cordis. Sellers, Edward, ironmonger, aged 34, nativo of Devonshire : arrived in 18C2 by the Duncan Dunbar; died September 13, of apoplexy. Stokes, Thomas, batcher, aged C1, nativo of Bath ; arrived in 1816 by the Moravian ; died September l8, of morbus cordis. Stevenson, Duncan, lumpor, aged 38, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1852, ship unknown ; died September 22, of empyoma. Sexton, John, dealer, aged 30, native of Ireland ; ship and dato of arrival unknown ; died September 25j of fracture of the skull, accidentally re- ceived in a row. Walker, Elizabeth, married woman, aged 45, native of Gloucestershire ; arrived in 183S by the Sir Charles Napier ; died Septombor 23, of phthisis. Ward, George, labourer, aged 40, nativo of Derbyshire ,* arrived in 1858 by the Mermaid ; died September 20, of phthisis. The following is a list of deaths that havo taken placo at the Alfred Hospital during the last month, specifying tho names of tho deceased persons, thoir ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of vessels in which thoy arrived, and the causos of death: Ahern, Owen, labourer, aged 48, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1856 by tho Saldini ; died September 30, of fracturo of tho skull. Dickson, Mary, domestic, ago IS. native of Tasmania ; arrived in 1871 by the Tasmania ; died September 28, of cut throat (suicide). Harroll, John, barman, aged 20, native of London ; arrived in 1804 by the Yorkshire ; died Soptembor 15, of cancer. Proctor, Louisa, aged 42, native of Wool- wich ; arrived in 18CC by tho Palm Tree ; died October 5, of phthisis. Robinson, Frederick, shopman, aged 30, native of London ; arrived in 18C8 by tho Wellesley ; died Septembor 17, of phthisis. Russon, William, bootmaker, aged 34, native of London ; arrived in 1871 by the Truo Briton ; died September 26, of phthisis. Wilson, William, labourer, agod 42, nativo of Liverpool ; arrived in 1852 by the Manger- ton ; died August 30, of phthisis. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES, Sir Herculos Robinson, tho now Governor, bas been visiting the Hunter District. At Nowcostle tbo coal mines wore inspected. Lost year 800,000 tons of coal wero oxported, but many more could be sent away if there woro ships to toko the coal. His Excellency, at the dinner givon by tho Nowcastlo people, commended the principles of froo trade. The true policy for a country whoso natural re- sources were boundless was to lesson overy bond that hampered industry and interfered with free exchange. Parliament is to meet for the despatch of business on the 5th November. Tho recess has been enlivenod with corre- spondence iu the newspapers ou the constitu- tion of the Upper House. Despatches wherein the Colonial Office forbids tho Governor to nominate members for political purposes, or to increase the number without urgent necessity-in other words, to swamp the House-were published a short time bince. Mr. Robertson, the Colonial Secretary in the late Ministry, contends that the power of the Governor has not been curtailed ; never- theless, tho existing Government are consi- derably embarrassed, for 15 out of the 31 members of the Council wero appointed by Sir James Martin, who now leads the Oppo- sition. Next session may possibly witness an attempt to alter the constitution of the Upper House. Materials for a good display at the forth- coming Great Exhibition in London are being gathered together by the executive committee, Tho proposal, which emanated from .the Queensland Exhibition Commissioners, to establish an annexe at the Exhibition, has been takon up by the Sydney Commissioners, Of course it will answer the colonies much better to have their products and manu fuc hires grouped together, than to have them distributed amongst tbo exhibits of tho woild. The mining enthusiasm has calmed down somewhat, and new companies are not floated so readily now as they were some time ago, Great returns continue to bo made by somo of the choico claims at Tambaroora. Tin keeps coming down to Sydney with tolerablo steadiness. The receipts in Sydney last month amounted to 210 tons, which is an advanco of 46 tons on those for August At the same timo shareholders in mauy minos are exceed- ingly dissatisfied with the slow rato of progress, which is due to two causes-first, to the incompetence of many of the mining managers ; and secondly, to tho want of water. There are soma cases where tho ground itself has proved disappointing. Most of tho tin is shipped to England nnder an advance of about £70 a ton, but a good deal is sold by auction in Sydney, and the prices obtainod range from £77 to £83 10s. por ton. The object of the conference of the bishops and laymen of the Church of England now assembled at Sydney is to framo a constitu- tion for a Goneral Synod for Australia. Such a synod was suggested in November, 186S, when seven bishops of tho provinco of Aus- tralia met in Sydney. The following would be some of its functions ;-L To constituto a metropolitan court of appeal. 2. To framo genoral.rules for the formation of now diocosos and provinces. 3. To m alco rules for tho confirmation and duo consecration of newly elected bishops. 4. To communicate with the authorities at home and ia the various colo- nies on all matters relating to the general well-being of the church. 5. To consult upon any matters brought beforo tho synod, to frame regulations thereon, &c.; 6\. To tako measures for promoting intercommunion betweon tho ohurch in the province and other reformed Episcopal churches. A shameful outrage has been committed at the North Shore, Sydney Harbour. One youth enticed a girl into a boat, and when thoy had gone some distance a second boat with fivo youths in it made its appearance. The wholo of them thon took the girl to a secluded placo, and outraged her. Not long afterwards tho police captured the six, who now stand com- mitted for trial. The name of the girl is Mary Ellen Bradley, and her ago l8 years. A public meeting, in roferonco to the separa- tion movomont, has boon hold at Albury, the chief town of the Rivorino territory. Tho vigilanco committee appointed somo time ago convened the meettng. They had beon wearied by the inaction of tho Sydnoy Government, and, as there seemed to be no prospect of tho early removal of the bordor duties, which were doing so much harm to the district, they advised offorts to secura the erection of Rivorina into a separate colony. The meeting, which was attended by 100 of tho inhabitants, resolved that the branches of the Separation Leaguo in the other parts of ltivorina should bo communicated with, for tho purpose'of ensuring united action in petitioning tho Home Government for separation from New South Wales. The Admiralty Court has givon a verdict for £1,600 and costs against the owners of tho Californian mail steamer Nevada, which some months ago ran down tho barque A. H. Badger, sank her. and loft tho crow to be picked up by another vessol. Diamonds have been found in small numbers at Oboron. SOUTn AUSTRALIA. The Legislative Assembly has boon invitod to consider a quostion of privilogo raised by the Spoakor, viz., whether a bill rotating to tho waste lands of the Crown should not bo presented by him to tho Governor when the assent of His Excellency is desired. A stato papor, which occupied threo hours in tho roading, was submitted by the Speaker, who complainod of the conduct of the Executivo on a lato occasion. When ho presented tho Land Bill, tho Governor said that ho had rocoivod it already. Tho Speaker challenged tho claims of tho, Executive to interfere with him in the per formance of his official duties. A debato upon tho subjoct has been commonced. Thorovenue for this year is oxpeoted to roach to £727.000, and tho probablo doQcit at tho end of tho year will be £36,000 ; the estimatod revenue for next year is £750,000, and the expenditure £753,000. leaving a total deficit at the end of the year of about £40,000 ; but it is hoped that this amount will bo reduced by tbo Consolidation Loans Bill so as to avoid tho necessity of fresh taxation. ' Tho Customs revenue this year yiolded £250,000, land sales £150,000, railways £90,000. The Treasurer bos brought forward a pro- posal to borrow £3,000,000 tf money at 4 per cont. to redeem 5 and C per cent, public bonds, which now sum up to £2,111,400, and convert them into stock. The projoct i* regarded by tho Assembly with favour, and the meosnto to authorise the consolidation is likely to pass shortly. It is not supposed that tho wholo of the difference between the present debt and threo millions will bo absorbed in tho conversion contemplated. There is a sum of £160,000 to be raised for a railway betwocn Lacepede Bay and Nara- coorte, in the south-eastern district. A convention of ministers of various de- nominations, backed by leading colonists, baa resolved that a University Bhall be established at Adelaide. The design has grown out of a movemont initiated somo months ago by tho Presbyterians, Inde- pendents, and Baptists, for tho establishment of a joint college. In tho constitution of the University, provision is made for 10 distinct subjects, each to be assigned to a separate, professor, or lecturer. The professorships are to be endowed, and the stipends augmented by Government grants and students* fees. Lectures are to be begun almost immediately. No effort has yot boon mado to gaugo the disposition of tho public towards tho Uni- versity, but Captain Hughes has declared his readiness to subscribe either £20,000 or £30,000, and offers to commence paying in- terest immediately, so that the professorships moy be endowed without waiting for build- ings. The arrangements have been complotod for tho Great Westorn Exploration. For the present the idea of oxamining the country eastward of tho line has been abandonod, so far as South Australia is concerned ; but the Hon. Thos. Elder, who has all at once, and vory unexpectedly, como to tho front as the champion of exploration, offers his aid to any ia the eastern colonies who may fool disposed to undertake this branch of tho work, On tho western side there aro to bo two main expeditions-ono under Colonel Warburton, whoso outfit has beon jointly undertaken by Mr. Elder and Captain Hughes, tho othor under Mr. W. C. Gosso (son of Dr. Gosso, of Adelaide), a young man of largo surveying experience. Tho one will moko Central Mount Stuart, tho other tho Charlotte Waters, a place two or three hundrod miles south of tho centre, his point of departure. Colonel Warburton first makes makes a pre- liminary expodition west of tho ovorland telegraph lino, in his journey northwards. The camels aro not to be employed until the great exploration is entered upon. It is ex- pected that the start from Contrai Mount Stuart for Western Australia will scarcely be made until near tho ond of the year. The half-yearly roport of the Moonta Mining Company shows that over 10,000 tons or copper ore wero raised during the six mouths, which yielded £169,000. There is in hand a balanco of £45,000 worth of ore. The working expenses amount to £75,000, and thoro re- mains a balance in hand of £125,000. Over 1,300 hands areemployod in the mino. The sum of £100,000 was sot apart for distribution among the shareholders. THE OVERLAND TELEQIUl'lI, Tho superintendent of tolegraphs is exa- mining the line on his journey southwards. Ile reports that, with a fow excoptions, whore timber was difficult togot, the central sections of the line havo beon most substantially built. The iron poles, whorevor they occur, "look Bplendid and very firm," Arrangements havo beon made by tho South Australian Govornmont for a temporary steam sorvice betweon Port Darwin and Bau joiwangio, Java, till tho submariuo cable shall havo been repaired. The Netherlands India steamers have tondored for the sorvico for £2,000 a month. The first stoamor was to be despatched within a fow days of tho rocoipt of a telegram of tho aocoptanco of the tender. Tbo net cost of the service is estimated at £1,500 a month, after deducting receipts from messages. Tasmania bears one sixteonth of tho exponse, and South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales divido the romaiudor botwoen them in equal proportions, Notico of the accoptaneo of tho tender will bo sont by this mail, and tho service probably commoncod in November. Queensland rofused to sub- scribo. TASMANIA. The general olection has not givon satisfac- tion either to Ministers or to Opposition, Tho forraor aro likoly to havo a vory small ma- jority, and tho latter lack the olemonts of a Government, should thoy bo callod upon to oust the present party. Mr. Gellibrand, who led the Opposition last session, and procured tbo defeat of the Ministry, has beon rejected by his constituents. At a time wbon iron is dear, we hoar of tho discovery of oro in tho northern part of Tas- mania. Iron oro has boon found iu sevoral places, and it is known to oxistlin the southern districts. Mining companies aro spoken of. The opening up of iron mines will probably lead to the development of the coal- fields. Tho feature of tbo month has bcou tho annual Education Exhibition. Ladies were admitted, under a resolution which tho council of education adopted six months ago, to examination for tho degroo of Associate of Arts. Six out of nine passed, and two of the .number obtained first-class honours. The council offer two scholarships of £200 oach, tenable for four years, at any British univer- sity. One of them was awarded at this exhibition. QUEENSLAND. The resolutions of tho Legislatura to resumo large aroas of land from tho runs of the pastoral tenants in order to facilitate agricul- tural settlement in tho Darling Downs and Moroton districts will doubtless have an important bearing on the prosperity of the colony. But, just now, tbo mineral lands are attracting far more attoi.iion than tho agri- cultural. Thero is a largo field open for speculation in mining proportios, the foo simplo of which may bo purchased at the rata of 30s, per acre. Tho proposal of tho Treasurer to consolidate the public debt, and convert tho 6 per conts. into 4 per cents,, has boen shelved until noxt session. Opals havo been found on tho Barcoo, Western Queensland. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. A loan of £35,000 is to bo raised iu tho colony for public works. A reward of £5,000 is offered for tho dis- covery of a payable gold-fiold within 300 miles of any port. Tho West Australians appoar to be vory anxious to havo tho auriferous re- sources of the colony inquired into, but Parlia- ment would not voto money for prospecting operations. 11 isexpec ted beforolong to hoar of tho arrival of Mr. Ernest Giles at the head-waters of tho Murchison Rivor. Tho West Australian Govornmcnt havo taken steps to insuro a good look-out being kopt up for the first appoarauco of tho gallant little band. Mr. Giles's last letter was dated from tho Poako telegraph station on tho 12th July, and his intention was to start from that point on the middlo section of the overland telegraph line, and endeavour to roach the head waters of the Murchison-a rivor which flows into the sea to tho south of Shaiks Bay. If ho succeeds in this journoy, hu will cross tho widest extent of still un- known country on this continent, and pro- bably determino tho feasibility of futuro regular overland communication, Lioutonant Archdeacon, R.N., has arrivod from the Capo of Good Hope, for tho purpose of suporintonding tho coast surveys of the colony. £3,000 has boon granted for this purpose The inhabitants of the southorn portion of the colony aro said to bo contemplating tho preparation of a potition to the homo Go- vernment for separation. Albany, King Georgo's Sound, whoro the Peninsular ana Oriontal Company's steamers first touou Australia on tholr voyage from Gallo to Melbourne, is tho capital of the disaffected district The residents seem to consider themselves slighted by the Central Govern- ment, at Perth. But tho population scarcely numbers 1,000, and tho rovenue is hardly £10,000 a year. Tho Legislativo Council on tho 22nd August adopted an address to tho Govornor, asking him to call the attention of tho Secretary of State to tho action which tho Victorian and South Australian Govornmonts took in tho caso of an oxpiroo namod Thomas Hildon, who was sent back to Albany, King Goorgo's Sound, by the authorities in Melbourno, undor tho act which prohibits tho introduction of convicts from Western Australia, Hildon had boon a froe man for two years. Mr. Lockier Clare Burges, a gentleman of high social position, was convicted on the 4th of September of the murder of a blackfellow in Ootobor, 1871, Wheon Mr. Burges was camped out some strange natives stole a saddle from him. He went after them and brought two back. One o of them tried to escape, and Mr. Burges shot him. The incipal witness was a blackfellow. A sen- tence of five years' penal servitude followed the verdict of guilty. NEW ZEALAND. After a debate extending over several weeks, the motion of want of confidence pioposed by Mr. Stafford against the Fox Vogel Ministry was carried, and a chango of Government at once took place. The grounds assigned for the withdrawal of confi- dence were, that the public works administra- tion and immigration policy of the Govern- ment had beon unsatisfactory, and that the .members of the Ministry were habitually absent from the seat of Government during the recess. The Ministry defended them- selves with vigour, and the motion was only carried against thom by a very small majority. The new Administration is composed of the following gentlemen : Mr. Stafford, Premier and Native Minister ; Mr. Sewell, Colonial Secretary and repre- sentative of tho Government in the Upper Souse ; Mr. Fitzherbert, Minister of Crown Lands and Immigration ; Mr, Gillies, Treosuror; Mr, Donald Reid, Minister of Public Works ; and Mr, Curtis. Commissioner of Stamps and Customs. There was some idea of adding one or two Maori members to the Executive to advise on native matters, but nothing has yet been decided on. The policy of tbe new Administration has not yet been divulged, but there is little doubt that they will remain in office for at least the remainder of the session. The new Treasurer made his financial statement on Soptember 27. His budget shows a deficit of £33,000 at the commencement of the current year, instead of a surplus of £10,000, OB stated by his predecessor. Mr. Vogel asserts that this statement is calculated to cause a false impression. Mr. Fox, the lato Premier, intends to retire into private life before long, and has resigned the leadership of the Opposition into the hands of Mr. Vogel. Mr. Mocandrew, a member of the General Assembly, has given notice of his intention to move the following resolution, which, if adopted, will, ho no doubt considers, tend to heal the somewhat jealous feeling existing between tho North and Middle islands : " That, in order to provide more efficient and economical administration of government, it is expodient that New Zealand be constituted into two colonies, divided by Cook's Straits." " That provision be made for the equitable adjustment of annual charges arising out of the existing burdens of Kew Zealand, whereby the two colonies shall be subjected to the same Customs tariff, and confederated for external purposes common to each." "That a bill to give effect to this re- solution be prepared during the recess, and submitted to the Assembly next session." Contrary to expectation, the return of Mr. Stafford to power has been generally hailed with pleasnro by tho friendly natives. It is said a general amnesty is about to be pro- claimed. This was proposed by the late Ministry, and seems to have been generally approved. Nothing has beon heard of Tito Kowaru for a long time ; and Te Kooti, with a very small following, is somewhere near Mokau, north of the settlement of New Plymouth (Taranaki). It is considered that if the country botween Taranaki and Auck- land were once thrown open to the traffic of Europeans, thoro would be an ond for ever of anything worthy of the namo of " war" in New Zealand. Mr. W. H. Webb, the contractor for the San Francisco mail service, apparently abandoned all hope of securing a ratification of the agreement ho had concluded with Mr. Duffy and Mr. Vogel on behalf of the colonies of Victoria and New Zealand as soon as ho heard of the fall of the Duffy Administration. In future, his steamers will run direct from Auckland to San Francisco, without trans- shipping the mails at Honolulu. The mining interest appears to bo tolerably prosperous, though the excitement that pre- vailed somo months ago has subsided. It was stated at tho annual meeting of the Caledonian Company, on tho Thames gold-field, that the dividends paid during the year had amounted to £154,440. The quantity of stone crushed during that period was 15,777 tons, which .yielded 73,732oz, of gold. Parliament has agreed to offer a reward of £5,000 in each island for the discovery of now gold-fields. New Zealand will be represented at the International Exhibition to be held at Vionna in Juno noxt, THE SOUTH SEAS. , There is no news of interest from the South Seas this month. The fortunes of the Fiji Planting and Trading Company do not appear to have been vory rosy in May last at Suva. A letter from ono of tho sharoholdors to a gentleman in Ballarat, under date the 27th May, states :-" I am sorry to say that we have fared badly since we carno. We have had no Hour for 12 months, no meat or sugar for several months, except an occasional native pig, which aro small and poor, scarcely worth the killing. We had to barter away almost all our sheets, blankots, aud clothes we could spare, for food, such as yams or sweet potatoes. We have not tasted butter or other delicacy since we carno here, so I cannot but fool we have been sadly neglected by tho company. No doubt wo ought to have been able to have had all needful supplies from the plantation, but we cannot control tbo weather ; aud the food we had planted was for the most part stolen, aud wo cannot grow flour, or meat, or toa, or sugar." **s| A despatch from the Earl of Kimberley ÎS the Chief Secretary of Now South Wales, ¿n the Subject of kidnapping, dated June 27,1872, soys :-' ' Ybif were made aware, by my circular despatch of tho 20th of April, 1871, that Her Majosty's Govorumout proposed to introduco a bill into Parliament with the view to repress, as far as possible, tbo acts of violence and barbarity committed by British subjects against the inhabitants of various islands of tho Pacific Ocean, and of bringing the Olieudoïs to justice ; and I havo now the honour to transmit to you a copy of the act, which has just roceived the Royal assent. Buring tho passing of this measure through the Houses of Parliament Hor Majesty's Government were urged, from various quarter«, to put an end to tho emigration of native labourers, and to forbid altogether the carrying of natives in British ships. They havo not, however, thought it de- sirable to adopt this course, nor doos there appear to thom to bo any sufliciont reason why either the natives, or the employers of their labour, should be deprived of the benefit accruing to both parties from this emigration, provided that duo precautions and safeguards fee takon to prevent abusos in the recruit- ment and employment of nativo labourers. At present, as you are awaro, tho only British colony into which theso islanders are introduced is Queonsland, and tho Legislature of that colony has shown a praisowortby readiness to adopt any measures which are calculated to protect the natives and to secure a thorough understanding on their part of the contracts under which they aro engaged for sor vico in the colony. Hor Majesty's Government entertain no doubt that similar enactments-would bo passod by any other colony desiring to avail itself of this native labour. It has, however, been thought ex- pedient to próvido some additional socurity with respect to the carrying of natives in British VOBSOIS; and you will find, upon referring to tho act, that this is effected by sections 3 to 7 inclusive, whilo by the 8th section caro has been takon to exclude from their operation vessels which have complied with tbo regulations imposed by colonial acts. The remaining provisions of the act, so far as thoy affect the colonies, are sub- stantially tho samo as tboso orabodied in my circular despatch, and it is hoped that the additional facilities for procuring and taking evidenco will obviate the difficulties horeto fore oxporioncod in conducting criminal proceedings under the Act of 9 Geo. 4, c. 83. With referonco to this point, I would diroct your attention to tho provisions of the 13 th section of Tho Pacific Islanders' Protection Act, by which tho Governor of a colony, with the concurronco of his rosponsiblo Ministers, may procuro tho attendance of a certain class of witnesses and próvido for their remunera- tion. Her Majesty's Government aro fully sen- sible of tho exertions already made by the Go- vernments of Now South Wales. Victoria, and Queensland, to check the oruoltios practised against tho natives by prosecuting any offen- ders who carno within the jurisdiction of the colonial courts ; and they havo learnt with much satisfaction from tho answors returned to my circular despatch of tho 20th April, that tbo colonial Governments most directly interested in this matter, with tho exception of Victoria, from which no final answer has yet been received, aro prepared to defray the expenses of prosecutions under this act, if undertaken with their concurrence. This last condition is, as will be seen, practically secured by, tho torms of tho 13th section. The remaining part of tho act provides for the soizuro, trial, and condemnation in Vice Admiralty Courts of vessels engaged in this traffic, and by the 19th section the Lord» Commissioners of the Treasury are authorised to pay tho costs, damages, and expenses which may bo incurred in such proceedings. I bave only to add that Her Majesty's Go- vernment feel assured that tlu-y may rely upon the hearty co-operation of the colonial Governments in their endeavûniB to put an end to the atrocious practice of kidnapping, which has roused such just indignation both in this country and 'in the Australasian colonies, and which if not effectually checked will bring serious discredit upon the British flag, under which in too many instances it has been carried on by unscrupulous of- fenders. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Tanjoro, Captain A. H. Johnson, with the Australian and New Zealand mails for China, India, and Europe, left the bay at 3 o'clock p.m. on the 11th ult. The P. and 0. Co's. R.M.SS. Bangalore, Captain Geo. C. Burne, with the English and Indian moils inward reached Hobson's Bay on the afternoon of the 20th September, . anticipating her contract time for delivery of the mails by fully four days. The arrival of the Hero at Sydney from Auckland with the Californian August mails transhipped from the Nebraska, was tele- graphed here on the evening of the 24th ult STATE OP MADE. . Business during the past month has not been marked by much of an interesting cha- racter in general trade, sales as a rule having been confined to supplying actual require- ments ; occasionally, however, the monotony and dulness experienced was relieved by speculative transactions of a more important nature. The iron trade, which for several months past has contributed a large quota of the speculation going on, has during the month closed been much quieter, and doubtless tho want of such transactions has helped greatly to give an appearance of heaviness to the general market, as complaints of dulness have been very frequent indeed. A movement in maize occurred, which resulted in the quit- tance of seven cargoes to one buyer. Trans- actions in cornsacks have also been carriod through. A large operation in iron piping, and some very considerable transactions in brandies, are also amongst the more promi- nent operations recorded. Notwithstanding, however, the appearance of settled weather, and that for weeks past access to the country districts has been much moro readily got, little improvement in the trade demand has been experienced, and much disap- pointment has been caused in consequence. It was likewise generally supposed that the arrival of the mail steamer would place us in possession of such advices as could not foil to stimulate the market and impart a satis- factory impetus to business generally, but the result has not been up to expectation. In thosecond week of the month, a good deal of excitement was caused in commercial circles by the arrival of the Northumberland, after one of the most.splendid runs on record, she having anchored in Hobson's Boy in 52£ days from Plymouth. Two days after- wards, however, the excitement reached its height when the Great Britain was announced as coming in, having thus suc- ceeded in beating her rival by a few hours, despite all the advantages which modem shipbuilding could BUDDIV. On the avHiiini» shipbuilding could supply. On the evening of the 19th ult, the arrival of the branch mail steamer at Adelaide was made public, i and on the afternoon of the 20th, the Ban- galore anchored in the bay with advices from | England by post to 9th, and by telegram to 29tb, August, The oxports for the month of July to the colonies showed an increase of £72,000, the total shipments to Victoria being £503,500. Our dates from Foo-chow by tho same opportunity reach to 27th July, from Manilla to 29th July, from Saigon to 15th August, from Batavia to 14th August, from Calcutta to 23rd August, from Point de Gallo to 31st August. On the evening of the 24th September, the arrival at Sydney of tho Hero, from Auckland, was telographed, with tho Californian mails transhipped from the Nobraska, which reached New Zealand on the 16th of the same month from Honolulu. Her dates from San Francisco reached jip 19th August. The Atalanta and Bonita bid cleared out with breadstuffs for Sydney. The Meyers was loading barloy for the same port, and the Violotto was chartered to load Hour for Melbourne. From Now York the George Treat had cleared for Melbourne. The Royal Saxon had beon withdrawn. The Agra was loading for Mel- bourne, and the Queensland was to load for Adelaide The Sarah had cleared from Boston for Melbourne. Our latest dates from Mauritius have como to us, via Adelaide, by tho Dione, and are to tho 19th August. They are of an important character, and have greatly contributed to support the sugar market. ' In the transactions of the month sales of boots and shoes havo been very considerable. Cornsacks have also changed hands to the extent of about 200 bales on the spot while about 380 bales Calcutta havo been disposed of to arrive. In chemicals, largo operations in soda crystals havo been carried through, Sales amounting to 230 tons, and resales of 50 tons more, have been made. 120 tons caustic soda have been taken up, and resales of 40 tons have also been effocted. An advance in value of £5 per ton has been established. Breadstuffs wore subjected to great depression for tho greater part of the month, which Californian advices bad the efiecfc of intensifying still more. Lately, however, a reaction set in which has im- parted a much moro satisfactory aspect to the maikot. A speculative purchase of maize carried off 52,000 bushels, but failed to causo any improvement. In metals, we notice tho disposal of £16,000 worth of iron pipes, but with that exception, no othor business worth special reference has boen recorded. In oils, koroscno has been noelootcd, but castor has advanced, in Valúo fully Cd. per gallon. Quicksilver has boen very Blow, and a decline in prico has had to be submitted to. In rice, we noto the quittance of 200 tons Rangoon, likowiso the arrival of tho Jamos Service with about 300 tons Patnnfor this market, and tho disposal of 150 tons of tho same in one Uno, besides tho sale subsequently of two 50 ton parcels. Salt has met with buyers to nearly 400 tons, and it was at ono timo supposed much heavier transactions would have beon carried through. The sales of sugar amount to 25,000 mats and bags Mauritius, Java, and Queonsland. In teas, business has been con- fined to tho selling of tho Anna Dorothea's cargo of new season s, the whole of which has been disposed of. The arrival of the Adelheid, with tho fourth cargo of tho season, occurred a week ago, and tho entire cargo, which was submitted to public competition this week, was cleared off in loss than an hour's time, In timber, considerable parcols of doals andT. and G, ilooring have beon passed off during the last fortnight. In brandies, a heavy transaction in Otard's, to the oxtentof about lt000hhds., was reported just as tho last mail steamer was leaving, and tho greater portion, over three-fourths at loast, has sinco been resold. Somewhat largo transactions in Henncssy's palo 1869, and Honnessy's palo, 1870, havo also been carriod through, and a day or two ago 448 hhds. and quarters Mar toll's palo, 1870 vintago, wero quitted by auction. Wines, goneva, rum, &c;, have not beon noticed beyond actual trade require- ments. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Tho rato of exchange this month is a shade easier, but wool has not como forward iu sufficient quantity to warrant a greater reduc- tion than a quarter per cent, as yot. The banks' selling rate for this mail is half 'per cent, premium for 60 days' sight drafts on London, tho buying rate being half per ceut discount Interest is unaltered ; 24 per cont. is allowed on six months deposits, and 3 por cont. on deposits at twelve .months. A reduction on the rates of discount in Sydnoy has been announcod, bat hero no alteration has bcon made ; 5 and 6 por cont. continuos to bo charged on throo and four months' bills, whilo 7 per cont. is required for longor periods. STOCK AND STATIONS. Considerable sales of station proporty havo boon rocorded in tho course of the month. Messrs. Dal. Campbell, Hepburn, and Co. report having sold to Messrs. Buck loy and Nunn, by auction, the Melvillo Forest Station, near Coloraine, with 11,070a. Or. 28p., purchased land, at 44s. per aoro, and 14,233 shoep, at valuation. Total amount of purchaso money, £32,764 10a. Gd. MosSrs. King and Cuningham roporthaving concluded the sale to Messrs. T. and S. Learmonth of Messrs. Staughton Brothers' Teryaweynya Lako Station, situate between tho Lach- lan and tho Darling, consisting of tho following blocks of country, viz. :-Torya woynya, South Teryaweynya, Innor or West Teryaweynya, Wanalla, Outer Back Minden, Beyond Outer Minden, Outer Back Brainard. Mario, Cowary, together with46,000 sheep, all lambs, 40 horsos, station plant and improvements given in. Also, to the samo purchasers, the adjoining blocks of country, known as Manara North-Manara North No, 1, Manara North No. 2, Manara North No. 3, Manara North No. 4, Blenalben No. 12, and East Cowary-without stock. Total area, about 700,000 acres. Messrs. Hastings Cu- ningham and Co. report the salo of tho Bud digonor Station, with 10,000 sheep ; also, the Wallandry Station, unstecked, both in the Lachlan district, New South Wales, to Mr. Thomas Jillett, of Nowington, at a satisfac tory price, for cash, Mr. Charles Brown reports having sold Tarella Station, in the Albert district, New South Wales, without stock, to Mr. Edward Quin, of Wilcannia ; also, Gueralah East and West, the property of Messrs. William Sloane and Co., and Caw- nalmurtee and Cunellie, the property of Mr. Lloyd Jones, in the same district, to Messrs. Edward J. Bonney and Co., all at satisfac- tory prices. WOOL. The first sale of the new clip of wool was held on Wednesday, the 2nd instant, at Messrs."R. Goldsbrough and Co.'s warehouses. As usual at the opening sale of the season, there was a very large attendance, their spacious saleroom being filled with merchants, shippers, growers, and others interested in the market. The sale passed off with great spirit, and tho prices obtained were considered very satisfactory. The catalogue comprised 693 bales, of which three-fourths consisted of greasy. Altogether 252 bales were sold. Greasy realised, for ordinary to middling, öd. to lid.; fair to good, Hid. to 13d.; good to superior, 13>d: 'to 15d. Bnt one lot of washed fleece wool (a portion of the clip), named Vectis, brought as much as 2s. 2gd. At the sale yesterday 1,200 bales were sold, particulars of which will be found in our Commercial columns. rUBLIO COMPANIES. Australian Alliance Insurance Company. The annual meeting of shareholders was held on the 30tb ult Mr. R. S. Anderson in the chair. The directors, in presenting their tenth annual report, announced continued pros- perity in each department of the company's business, and submitted a financial statement and balance-sheet for the year ending 31st August, 1872, which showed a surplus on the year's transactions of £42,213 15s. 2d., which it was proposed to allo'cate as follows :-1. A dividend of 10 per cent, on the company's increased paid-up capital. 2. A cash bonus of 3s. a share. 3. An increase of £32,37110s. 2d. to the existing reserve funds, making the total reserve funds £93,377 53. 2d. The directors also reported that they had success- fully concludod the negotiations sanctioned at the late extraordinary general meeting for the acquisition of the business and assets of the Australasian Insurance Company ; and were confident that the result would prove highly beneficial to the interests of the Australian Alliance Company. In accord- ance with clauso 12 of the company's act of Parliament CCCV., and with the consent of the shareholders, the life reserve fund, with its accumulations, had been accurately ascertained and set apart solely for the uses and contingencies of the life assurance branch. The report was adopted ; Mr. M. O'Grady and Mr. D. E, Wilkie were re-elected directors. In explanation of the terms on which the business of the Australasian Company was purchased, the chairman said that, owing to the act of Parliament and the deed of settle- ment of the Australasian Company, the directois had not power to sell the business of the company, and the only mode by which the transaction could be completed was by taking a transfer of the shares from the shareholders to the present company, and paying for them at a certain valuation. The proporty and liabilities of the Australasian Company were therefore valued, and the sum ascertained that the Alliance ought to pay the Australasian. That sum had been paid to all the share- holders who had come forward and executed a transfer of their shares. Thero were some few shareholders who had not yet come for- ward, and it was known to the board that some of them were standing out for the pnrpose of endeavouring to get a larger figure than the valuation awarded them. Therefore the board of directors would rather not at present go into details, but any of tho share- holders who chose to make private inquiries from the proper officers of the company, could obtain the information they desired. The calculation of tho directors with respect to the advisability of the purchase had been more than fulfilled, and things were going on very satisfactorily. All the assets of the Australasian Company had been handed over. The prospectus of the Ballarat Woollen Company has been issued. It is formed for the purpose of manufacturing woollen cloths, flannels, Se, with a capital of £40,000, in shares of 20s. each, of which over 5,000 have been subscribed for, and two calls of 5s. oach made thereon, A site whereon- to erect the necessary factory buildings has beon selected, situate on the eastern bank of the Yarrowee, and machinory has been ordered of tho best and newest construction from English makers wherewith to commence the manufacture of woollen fabrics. This first instalment of machinory can bo at once UBod for the manufacture of flannels, shirtings, and other woollon goods, to the extent of 1,500 yards weekly. The necossary buildings to receive tho machinery on arrival (in November noxt), are in course of construction, tho foundation stone having been laid on the 29th July last, and a contract let for the first portion of the works. The prospectus of a proposed Bank of New Caledonia has appeared. The capital is nomi- nally fixed at £200,000, in £20 shares, with power to increaso to £500,000. The pro- visional directors are principally Molbourno merchants, but both Sydney and Adelaide firms are represented. The bank is to be established at Noumea, the capital of the French colony. IlirOIlTS AND EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port from the beginning of the year to tho 5th October, as compared with the corresponding poriodof 1871: Imports. Exporta. Wook Ending 1871. 1872. 1871. 1872. £ £ £ £ Jan. 0.. 102,201 206,027 807,868 668,628 Jan. l8.. 288,011 804,616 837,060 163,660 Jan. 20.. 201,018 187,246 810,170 225.502 Jan. 27» 260,288 260,689 220,228 875 584 Fob. 8.. 895,807 403.827 644 771 070,306 Fob. 10.. 187,836 279,762 103,040 177,767 Fob, 17.. 160,880 103,622 71,027 216 600 Fob. 24.. 142,161 200,842 210,206 65,180 Mar. 2.. 247,707 215 979 600,660 610.280 Mar. 0.. 880,721 W,W 122,883 801,109 Mar. 16.. 221,678 190 638 ïïolaoo 46172 Mor. 28.. 106,400 187,226 96,688 216,046 Mar. 80.. 226,222 110,887 500,002 823 101 April 6.. 186,680 145 £00 78,172 125 711 April l8.. 261,023 167,168 107 927 112,029 April 20. 102,888 126,700 800,995 09.322 April 27. 108,018 161,008 153,195 851 911 May 4" 237,164 178,680 148.185 61822 May 11.. 260.861 238.827 66.336 115,185 May l8.. 185,600 221,011 625 284 150.326 May 85.. 84,626 94,909 120 600 343 186 June 1.. 207,201 285.483 78,044 44.701 Juno 8.. 163,002 220,431 102.024 61,665 Juno 16., 244,110 178,117 562,010 07.188 Juno 22. 106,604 209,200 162,712 046.098 Juno 2D.. 188 207 174.071 110,010 12 951 July 0.. 277,188 210,829 2Ü.085 00 082 July l8.. 148 848 227,702 114 839 10189 July 20.. 227,886 231,700 81,097 161,101 July 27.. 208,778 810 486 166,785 103 525 Aug. 8 .. 840,070 267,315 48 710 71,281 Aug. 10.. 288,215 lbO.860 630.447 82 902 Aug. 17.. 260,003 147,828 118.808 177,162 Aug. 21.. 214,224 860.862 116.031 106,681 AUK. 81.. 216,623 266.896 148,848 78 820 Bept. 7.. 218 404 217.661 120,852 59,267 Bopt.14.. 268 780 182 838 72,159 807.520 Bept. 21.. 244 884 200.668 121.177 70.042 Bept. 28.. 286,C!0 814.225 171 720 120 150 Oct. 5.. 214,801 230,886 221.024 285,777 Totals .. 8,079,802 8 705.601 0.439.834 8 361,236 During the first period the account stood thus : Import« «. .. .. £8,079 802 Exports .. .. ... .. 9,489 881 Balanco ol exports over importa 169,532 During the second period : Imports - - _ - £8 765,601 Exports _ -. _ _ 8,854,235 Balance ol Imports ovor exporta £411,806 Comparing the above periods with each other, the rosults are as under : Import« In 1871 .. _ " £8,979,802 Import* In 1872 _ _ _ 8,765,001 Decrease lu 1872... Exports In 1871 Export« In 1872 Decrease In 1872 - .. £214,201 _ ..£9 489,831 \- .. 8,854,285 \- _ £1,085.099 BT00KB IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourno on Octobor 5:--Brandy, 6,372J hhd" 31,284 cases ; rum, 1,491 hhd., Ill cases ; geneva, 66 hhd., 24,012 rod cases, 3,216 green casos ; whiskey, -1844 hhd., 4,527 cases ; gin (sweetenod), 17-i hhd., 2,900 cases ; cordials, 375 cases ; spirits of wine, 364 hhd. ; other spirits, 4 hhd., 4,990 coses; wino, 2,7054 hhd., 14,337 coses; beor, 824 hhd., 967 cases and casks; tobacco, manu- factured, 208 half- tjerces, 548 quarter-tiorces, 8,662 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 4,596 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 82 hhd. and casks, 991 bales ; candles, 1,297 chests, 7,679 boxes ; cigars, 508 cases ; kerosene 63,626 cases ; flour, 2,635 bogs ; cocoa and chocolate, 250 packages ; tea, 5.593 chests (427.2701b.), 27.972 half-chests (995,4771b.), 1L838 boxes (188,4621b.): coffee, 669 bags, 4 tierces, 136 casks, 302 bar- rels; wneat, 6,806 bags; sugar-Mauritius, 3,452 bags, 1,782 pockets ; Java, 5.038 bags, 14,348 baskets, 7,997 mats ; Manilla, 16,533 muts; Réunion, 875 bags ; other ports, 1,260 bags, 1,879 mate : other (refinery), 1,569 tons, 78 coses and casks ; opium, C8 packages; oats. 5,927 bogs ; chicory,*155 pack- ages ; hops, 1,792 pockets ; rice, 34,828 bags ; salt, 10,503 bags ; vinegar, 510 casks, 1,035 cases. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Wednesday Evening. In the import market business generally has shown little animation ; the month's trade has, however, boon enlivened by occasional speculative transactions, wtilch helped to relieve, without dleBlpatlng the monotony, as complaints at dulnoBa have been of frequent occur- rence. In bulk beera little of »pedal Importance has been made pnbllc. Bottled alee and stout have boen freely noticed. In Snndeo gooda, cornsacka have mee with attention, but woolpacks have been neglected. Of boots and shoes sales have been considerable. Candios have boon very steady. Cements have met with a roady sale, and plaster has advanced In value. In chemicals a COD older ablo business has beon done. In oolloo and chicory a moderate buslneis only has been reported. In confectionery, cordage, flab, fruits, hops, matt, metals, OIIB, oilmen's stores, provisions, and quicksilver, trans- actions bave not beon of much account. In broad stuffs, both flour and wheat, at one time depressed, have of lato shown Blgna of Improvement. Ia blasting powder, a considerable chango for the better has occurred. In rice one or two exceptional sales have beon effected, but otherwlso Httlo has been done in the market. Salt has beon a good deal Inquired for. In sugar a fair business has been done. In teas, new season's congouB have mot with a good deal of notice. TImbor during the laBt fortnight 1UB been more dealt In, though previously quit« neglected. Tobaccoes have beon quiet, but very stesdy. In wlnosand spirits largo sales of brandies havo been made. Ale and Stout.-Little of a special character has transpired In hulk ale during the month. Stocks havo becomo, very much reduced, and It Is not llttoly that any large business will bo dono until the new beer commences to arrive again. In this rospoct Joule's has been entirely cleared out. Ihe Bhipment of Harrlan's, arrived per Borrowdale a short time ago, has also been disposed of at £812s, Od. to £8 IBs., and ono parcel Is tald to be on tho way, but no more. The Carlule Company's has been Belling at £8 10s to £815s; For bottled ales a good demand hal been experienced, which, however, appears to be all the more owing to tho scarcity of supplies. Foster's Is disposed of at 11s. Tcnnont's meets with a very free salo at 10s. Oil. All- sopp'«, Frlond'B bottling, »eallses 10s, Sd; to 10s. Cd. For Byo!s's bottling 10s. Sd. 1B now required. Altkon's and M'Kwan's are wanted, and saleB oould be mado at 10s. For Jeffrey's we quote Oa. 9d. to 10s. Arrol'o Is worth OJ. Gd. to 0s. Od. Bottled stouts are In very light supply. Bales could be made to a much larger extent wero Bhlpmenta not ao vory restricted as they havo been tor eomo time past. Best brands, Edmonds', Burke's, &c;, would moot with a ready sale at 11s. 3d. to 11s, Od. Foster's Is movod off at 10s. Od. O'Brien's dagger brand has boen freely sold at 10«. 3d. to 10s. Od., and agentB' hands have boen pretty well cleared of stock at our quotations. A con- signment of Blood's has been advised, but tbo agenta have declined hitherto to state a prlco. Byast'a Is dis Íioscd of as shipments come to band at 10s. Arrol's s quoted at 9a. Od. toOs. Od. Bagging.-Attempta to direct speculative attontlon towards cornsacka haa helped to sustain the market, but It Is found moBt difficult to support values, tor no sooner do buyers cease oporatlng than a retrograde movement at once commences. Most of tho pur- chases reported having beon made by outsiders, thoro Is not much confidence In the future of the market. In tho meantime very extreme prices are reallsod. A Bhipment of 1C0 halos, arrived by tho James Sorv.ce, from Calcutta, wai sold at l8«. About SS0 bales, to arrlTo per Ben Ledi, have also been sold afloat at 13a. Cd. - About 100 bales Dundeca, per Ben Nevis, were placed at IBs. Od. A parcel to land by tho AVlemoro realised IBs 6d , and yet, In tho face of theso sales, loss money has boen accepted for email lots, a circum- stance which presenta the market In a somewhat irre- gular light. Saloa In Adelaide bave been reportod at 14s. to lis. Cd. Woolpacks havo declined to 4s. Od, but oven at that figure thoro Is little businoss re- ported, and It la not unlikely that a farther reduction may toko place. Of gunnies we havo atlll little to advise. A Emull parcel, to land per Jamoa Borvlce, was sold at 9a.. and the balance of tho parcel was resolved for 0ä, Cd , but has since bcon aold at Da. Boots and Shoos -A considerable amount of bualnoss has beon transacted in thete goods, chiefly through the auction-rooms. Tbo bulk of tho trade done was re- ported in the third weok of the month, when tho fol- lowing prices wero realised :-On Tuesday, the 21th ultimo, 478 trunks and caeos were disposed of, when women's best kid boots, fauc.v stitched, various pattorns, brought from 7s Od. to 8i Od. por pair ; do. all kid T.0 plain, ft). 9d. to 7s Od. do. ; do. do. wings and patent golothed, 6s. Gd. to 7s. do ; do croquet, sewn, with tstsolB, 8). 6d. do ; do polonnalso do 8s. 6d. do. ; do. fancy straps do., 7s. Od. ta 8i. do. ; do. flowered fronte, M.H. channels, tam 7s Od. lu Si. Gd. do.; mock kid do , from 4«. Od. to 5s. Gd. do ; do. levants, plain and stitched fronts, from 6i. 01. ts 7a. Gd do.; do. all lasting, sewn ohannels, from Gi Od. to 7B Gd do ¡do fancy stitched do, 7 . to 7s. Od, do ; do , with T.0, plain, Cs 0J. to 7a Sd do ; do. floworod fronts, 7s to 7s. Gd. do.; rivettcd. p'aln, from 4i. Gd. to CJ. do.; I.G. do., 5i. to Gi. S J ; do plain glo-e kid, M li., channels, 0d. to Di 01 ; French oashmero do., On. to Gi. 9d.; do. T.P.H. do , 6a. 4d. to 5J. Oi; aprlogbcoldo., 4a to4i 2d; (own maida' do, from 2s. lOd. to8a. 2d do.; ladlos'roan Bllppers, from Sa. 2d. to 8a Od do ; maids' fancy stitched all kid boots, M.fJ., channels, l's to 2's, assorted patterns, from Ga Sd. to 7s. per pair; do mock kid do., Sa. Od to 5s. 8d. do ; do. lovants, 5i. to Bl. 0J. do.; all laitlng, do. plain, Cs. Gd. to Ga. 3d. do.; towed fronts do., Ga. SJ. to Gi. Od do ; do rlvettod do, 4a. 3d, to Sa. do ; do cashmere do,, T.P H ,4s. to 4) Od. do.; girls'll'a to 1'«, kid, 4s. 8d. to6a. Od. do.; do. lasting do , 4a. to 4s Od. do.; do. lO'n to 13'a. kid fancy, 4a 31. to 51 do ; do. lasting, assorted, Sa 9d to 4a. Gd. do; do. 6'a to D's, kid and lasting, from 8a. Sd. to 4s. 3d. do ; Infants', 4'a lo C's, In various styles, from 32a, to 48i por dozen pairs ; men's calf almas, 7s. to 10s. per pair ; do. uppora, Gi, Od. do. ; split bluchors, 5s. 4d. to Di. Od. do.; do. almas, 6a. Od. to 7s. do., &o.; All the goods wero sold undor Instructions from Mr. b Flatau and Mossrs, Francis and 11'Pherson. On Friday tho27th GOpaekages Stead and Slmpaon'a goods, ox Groat Britain, were offered, being the first of their rosumed ahipments. 118 packages of Sholton's and Shan and Bennett's manufacturo wero aleo submitted to competition. The prices obtained for Stead and Slmpion's gsods showed a marked advance, viz , Vlot cloth, K S , realised 6s.; lovant, wolta. 7s.; youths', E S , 2 to 6, Da. 3d,; do., 4 and G, 8a. OJ.; do., 11 to 1, 7s Sd.; Bals., 2 to 5, 8a. Gd ; men's kid, E.8., 12a. 9d. to 14s Sd. Tho trade waa fully represented, and evinced much disposition to purchaso these goods. On Thursday, the 20th, Nantoa calf loathor brought 4i. Od. per lb. ; U. D. L. do., 4a. lOd. (a largo parcel) ; Kooh and Co,, do., 6a. do.; H. and F do, 5s. Gd. do. (a large parcel) ¡ English do, 8a. lid and 4 J. fid do.; Bast India kip, 2s. 51. do; crop, lOJd. do; oolonlal calf, 2s lOd. do.; brown kangaroo, 2a. Od. do ; Taima ulan do., 29. Od di.; roso roans, 881, per dozen; Ro- binson'« wellington loga, 12a. 9d. por pair ; Nantes da., 12a. Gd. do,; hall do., Oi. do,; Chelsea uppors, 7s. do.; women's call Ohelsea uppers, ii. lOd. do.; men's oxa nlans, 89 Od. do.; do slipper do., 2). do.; lln. Torry olaBtic.ls. Od. per yard; 4jln. do., 2s. do ; 51a, do., 2). Od. do. ; do. extra quality, 3s. Id. do. ; Min. whip cord laces. Is. lid nor gross. T.P.H. cashmore olaBtlc bootB brought Is. Id. and li. 24 ; 4-0 children's coppor toes, l8)., 20J., aud 21s. por dozen ; 7-0 do., 30s. and 82«. do. ; 10-13 bojs' lace-ups, 8s. Id. to 8s, Od. por pair; women's leather laco, 6s. Id. to 5s. Cd. do,; women's cutt olastlc almas, 5s. Od. to 6s. 3d. do.; maids* do., Ss. Id. do.; girls' 10 l8 olastlc sides, I3. Od. do ; do. 7 9 do., 8B. 8d, do ; men's colonial blucbors, 0J. Od., 6s. 9d., and 7s. per pair ; do. lace-ups, 7s. 9J. do.; men's clastic Blies, 81. 0 i to 0J. 8d. do. Candles.-A- lair écmand has been experienced tor trado purposes, but nothing moro, as all speculation In tho artlclo »ppoara to hare been outlroly linoiiked 00\. Tho sales effected, generally 0! a moderate cha- racter, whether by auction or by prívalo oontfaot, show uo alteration whatevor In va'ues. Qouda have been disposed ot at lid., Brandon's at Hid., and De Roubaix at Hid. Tho Neva Cbmpany bava main- tained a Btsady quotation ot Is. lor their brand. Tho quantity now mado In tho colony Is creating quite a revolution In the market, and lor tho thousands ot boxes sold weekly at auction lormorly we do not now count hundreds. Cements.-Tho trado In this artlc'o Is Increasing tin nually, and Importations aro larger than In previous years. Wo note a steady trade demand during the month ; but notwithstanding any advance In tho home market, nothing oi the kind can yet be roportod hero, For best brands, such as Wblto's, Wouldham's, &.:,, up to 17s. Is asked, but wo have not loarut that any eales have yot beon effected over 16s, Od. Wo quote Irom 10J, Od. to 16s. Od. Outside brands aro saleaste at 10s. to 16J. 3d. American plaster baa been in very short supp'y, so much so that at the last sale ot a shipment ot red bcaoh cleircd out, about 10 days ago, tbe prlco was run up to tho extremo figuro of 251. Chemicals-We note a steady Improvement on many lunts coming Into season m tho year pro-grosses. Early In tbo month spooulatlvo attontlon was directed towirOB crystals ol Boda when 280 tous, almost the ontlro Btock hold,woro cloared oH lu one Uno, and soon alter about 60 tons were resold at £16 ; wo now quoto £15 to £1510s. The valuo of colonial nude is given at £16, and sales to tho oxtent of 70 tons wore mado In Eárcela In tho course ol tha month at £11 10s. Blear onate has beon soldat £20, but not In any quantity. On caustic soda a very great change has ocourrod. The month commoncod with the quittance of a parcel of 60 tons, 60 and 72 strength, at an average of £31 or 1 hereabouts; subsequently tbo sarao holder cloared oil another 60 tons, tbo remainder of his parcel, at a slight Improvement on the previous, and during the same week a rósalo of about 10 tons, 60 strength, was effected at £33 slnoo which £]1 for 60 and £89 to £10 for 72 has beon requtrod, Flowers of sulphur aro stationary at £18 ; no Inquiry is experienced. Tartario acid is firm at 2s. 2d Oream of tartar is advancing ; we bear of Is. Id having been offored and refused for jars, the holder demanding Is. Cd. For propared opium, wo continue to quoto 27s. to 27s Od. to 27s Od. Chicory remains as reported last month. Colonial grown and manufactured It disposed of at IJd. to IJd., and Is In modorato request at our quotation. There Is nothing whatever doing lu Imported brands. Coffee.-Tho only new feature in ibis market 1B the arrival last week of tho Eliza Firth from Colombo with a cargo of 00 tons plantation and ,60 tons nulvo. Owing to tbo absonco previously cf expected supplies, holders wore careless to ontertaln offers beyond trade roqutremontB, notwithstanding that snob wore fre- quently made. Transactions In consoquonca havo had no ipeclal Interest, but prices havo boen maintained throughout. Best Bamplos of Plantation have rulod at lOd. to lOJd. For beat JavaOJd. could bo got, while second qualities of this island'« growth havo been quotod at Old. for Native Coylon Od. to ojd. has been obtained. Confectionery.-BusinosB has been very quiet. Of Keillor's imported confections suppliée havo been modélate ; any coming to band have been quitted at lOJd. Victorian made havo boen sold at Od. to OJd. lnvolies of candled peel havo been disposed of at 13d. Jujubes are got rid of at 18Jd, Cordage.-Though In the early part of tho month tbe demand waa of a most circumscribed character, an improvement becamo porceptlblo towards the closo. Manilla hemp being still vory high, no chango In prices can bo reported In the ropo and oordsgo made from that material. For New Zealand flax, too, high prices havo boon asked for some timo, Influoncod by late Eng- lish advices however, prices In Dunedin tell to £21 to £21, thus bringing that material within more workable rates, liest Manilla hemp made rope has been selling at £05, and cordage under one inch size at 8Jd. Second quality has boon dispose! of at £58 per ton and 7d. per ID. respectively. Now Zealand flax-mado rope la saloableit £18; cordage Is disposed of at Ed. N.Z clothoi lines are quoted at 6d., and for Cal- cutta lines £36 to £10 lu a fair quotation. Coir rope, Victorian mads, reallioa £50; and flat-rope according to size, brings £78 to £81, while Qutllot is valued at £100 to £105. Imported bolt rope U scarce ; we quote £08 to £65. Busslan lines sell at Od. NewZea land wool lashing Is disposed of at £88. Imported learning twins la steady at 18d. to lid. Fish,-Valnea havo been nell supported, In many Instances an advancing tendency being perceptible. Ung has been selling steadily at IJd. Halt-barrols white herrings have rnled at 27c, while Arkins bave stood at Os. to a». 6d. lib. herrings aro a shade firmer, and 8s. Od. Is now wanted. Bod herrings In tins »ro sal cabio at 82s. lib. salmon has advanced to 11s. for English brands. Halves sardines do not go over 18s. 3d. to 13s. Od.; wo quote quarters at 7s. to 7s. 3d. lib. lobsters are valued at 12s., and sales can bo made at tho price, lib. oysters are a shade better, 8s. Od. bolng required. Fruits._Ourrants, which for a long timo showed considerable depression, aro now once more coming Into notlco, tbongh business opens out at a lower figure than ruled last mouth. Duilng the past week, a very brisk Inquiry sprang up, and sales were made at IJd. for very ordinary, 4}d for medium, but up to 6d. ie wanted for very boat samples. Supplloa of raisins have been very scanty, and extreme prices havo been rosined for all descriptions. Eiomes aud Valencias bavo been very roadlly disposed of at 7Jd. Capes havo also boen wanted at a similar prlco, but no shipments bavo como forward. Sultanas have been disposed of at 7Jd. For muscatels as much as 13d. has been got. Figs have gone np as high as lOd. Plums in jan woro sold by auction at la. 6d, For dried apples wo quote Cd. Flour and Grain.-In breadstuffs tbo utmost depres- sion has been experienced for the greater patt of the month, moro especially in flour. About tbe middle of the month Californian advices then to band, though containing nothing more than was known a month previous, bad tbo effect of completely pros tratlne the market, and It was not until the value of flour, which then nominally stood at £15159 to £16, dropped to £11 6s. to£ll 10s.a that anything at all could be done Initho way of sales. A reaction, how- ever, set In last week, and on Wednesday, the 2nd InBt., quotations, previously nominal, began to assume moro the appearance of reality, and though trade Í»areola could only be placed at £115s. to £11 10a., yet t was Berne satisfaction to And business could bo transacted. A parcel of SO tons was at samo time sold by auction at £11 7s. 6d. On Friday, the 1th, a de- cided Improvement became apparent. In the forenoon of that day a parcel of 10O tons and a line of 60 tons changed han dB on prlvato terms ; tho prlco paid was strictly kept private, but we understand that £1110s. was offered (he day before, and £1115s. the samo day, to clear out a holder of several hundred tons. In the alternoon of tho day we were assured that a parcel was placed at £16, and that price was declined for a further quantity. At the same time, as we were also Informed, holders offering trade parcels did not ask over £1110s., and woro anxious all day to sell at the price. On Tuesday, tho 8th Instant, at auction, £13 10s. was accepted for Wangaratta, while a parcol of Laby's was quitted at £1115s. Common country flour has bsen placed privately at £11 6s. ; and good town made was disposed of at £11 12s. Gd., but up to £16 is required for very choice brands. For tho last day or two tho market has maintained tho same anomalouB position, but It is likely that values will settle down at £11 10B. to £15 or thereabout, In tho meantime at least The absurdity has, morovor, becomo apparent of indulging in suoh causelesa alarm In regard to California with a market so baroly supplied as this baa been for some time past. In wboat a bettor and a steadier business has been done. The reduction was at once accepted, and a very considerable trade has been dono throughout the month at prices which have shown little or no alteration throughout, Primo northern qualities, which havo beon scarce and wanted, bavo genorally ruled at 6s. Od. Adelaide baa rangod at 6s to 6s. 7d. Very rino samplos of Fort MacDonnell bavo realised 6s. 7id. Tasmanian has boen aold at 6s. lid. to 6s. Id., and New Zealand at 5s. 9d. to 6s. The Brewster arrived at Sydnoy from San Francisco a fortnight ago, and her cargo of wheat has since been sold at Si. Od. and 5i. 9}d. Our dates from Ban Francisco reach to 19th AuguBt, The Atalanta and Bonita bad cleared for Sydney with 18,000 quarter Backs flour and 10,000 sacks wheat. Tho al eyer como) on with barley, and the Violetta was loading 600 tonB flour to Holbourne. Wheat w»Bquoted at 1 eOdol. to 166dol. and flour 160dol. to 6.25dol. Feeding grains havo not beon characterised by vory much animation. In oats, a steady buslno'ss bas boen dono at Ss. 2d. to 8s. Id, for ordinary to good Bamples of feeding Borts, while good to Uno qualities of mill- ing oats have been disposed of at 3s. lil. to 8s. 6d. In maize, a speculative movement led to me quittance of 13,000 bags, comprising Bevon cargoes In all, on the spot and to an ive, at 3s 3d., In the expectation that an advance might be oitabllshad. No lmproislon, how- ever, has been created and prices slnco have rulod at 3s. 3d. to 8s. Sid. for parcels, to 8s. Id. for small lots. The quantity roferred to, however, has since been kept off the market. Barley has boon much in request, but there has been little or none offering. Cape has been very Baleablo for feeding purposes at Is. to Is, Sa. Halting has been asked for, and 6s. to 6s. 10d" according to quality, cauld be obtained. A parcol of 1,000 bags Californian was sold early In the month, but the price obtained was strictly kept pilvato. Bran baa ranged frcm Is. Sid. to Is. 6d. Pollard bao been quotod at Is Id. to Is. 6d Victorian made oatmeal has beon quitted at £20 to £21, Gunpowder.-In blasting powder a moremont was reporte d previous to tho mall's arrival, which Imparted an Improved aspect to tbo market. Shipments to arrive, to the extent cf 60 tons, wero cleared off at prices rlslrg from 8id. to lOid., and (ticks on the spot being light, prlcos have since rottled down to Hid. for Hall's, lOJ-l. for Kames, and Od. to OJd. for othor brands. A BblpmontB per Ben Nevis was Bold to go to Sydney. To arrive, however, our quotations oinor urnncis. a. BnipmoniB per lien .Nevis was Bold to go to Sydney. To arrive, however, our quotations could not be roallsed. Hops.-Business in this product docs not go beyond actual traue requirement. The uncertainty regarding the position ol tbo home crop keeps tbo largor buyers from operating, and eales, a* a rule, aro In conecquenco of very Httlo account. Boat samples of 1871 Kent's btlDg 2s. 3d. to 2s. Gd. 1870'a are quitted according; to quality at from Is. to Is. Sd. and up to la. Gd. Older hops aro offering at 81. to lOd. Tasmanian, 1872'a are saloablo at le. 8tl to 2a ; 1871'a bring 1B. and la. 2d. to la Gd., and 18G9's to 1870'a can be got at 7d. to lOd. Halt has boen exceedingly quiet throughout. The bickwardnesa of the woathor has kept down any de- mand for trado purposes, and no Indications of a spe- culative Inquiry havo been preaontod. For very prime qualities 11s. to 11s. Gd. is requlrod, and In one lu stsneo a parcel of 8,000 bushels was takon up at 11s. Tbla week a Bhlpmont was sold at 10?, Od. For secondary qualities we quote 10s. Gd. to 11s. Metala havo this month shown a matkod contrast to tho preceding, lhere has been little or nobuslnesB of a Bpeculatlvo naturo. Values, howovor, have boon well supported. Fig Iron has rulod at £1010s , but sales have beon limited to tho quittance of trade pareóla. A speculative purchase of wator pipos to tho valuo of £10000 was mode In the bogtnnlng of the month. Galvanised iron has boen in modorate re- quest. Tho first shipment of Scotch offered in tho market for a long time waa disposed of a fortnight ago at £40. English ordinary brands have maintained a steady quotation of £41 and £42 for 20 gauge. Best brands, of which Orb is the only ono offering, command £43 for 26 gaugo and £47 for 28 gaugo. This week a ehtpment cf Braby's per Norfolk brought £41 10s. to £48. Bsr and rod iron is now very saleable at up to £19 for entire Invoices. Shoot Iron has of late bcon very scarce; we quoto £25 for Noa. 8 to l8, up to £28 la obtalnod for Nos. 20 and 20, and Batos have been mado as high as £30. For pinto iron wo quote £24 to £25 Hoop Iron Ima of lato been loss noticed. Wo quoto £20. Fencing wire has been In Blow Bale; for Noa. 6, 7, and 8, £24 to £25 and £26 Is required. Shoot load Is worth £24 10?. Shot Is steady at £40, but thore Is nothing doing. Tin filatos aro quieter again. Fit leon per cent, advance on nvoico all round Is gonorally asked. Our quotation for 1 O coko alono 1B Md., IO charcoal commanding 60s. to 62a. In Muntz metal lhere IB llttlo doing again; holders ask lid. Ewbank's natta aro firm at 10 per cent on list Erices. American nails aro soiling at 33a In American ardware eales aro beginning to Lo reported ot Oollliis's and Sbarpo's heavy axos at 80s. Amea's shovel« are held for 78s. to 80s Diy'rf Dil. shovels aro va'ued at 64'. Other makers', same s'to, command 52a. Liol lowaro is In short supply, and up to 71 to 10 por cont. on llBt can bo got, but thoro havo boen no Invoices offoring ot late. OilB.-At thccloeo of last month's roport wo noticed a Bpeculatlvo movement, «hieb, for a short time Im- parted firmness to korotone but being out of soasan, aB HO then Btated, It baa not beon followed up The butlncia of tbo month haa boon ODD flood to tho quit- tance of trado parcels, and moro recently n weaker tendency hae been presented. For Bovoo's Brilliant la. lOJd. has boen taken For Diamond, Oriental, and such brands, wo quote le. lOd. In bond. Castor oil lias advanced, and now soils at 5a. duty paid. Llnsood brings an Improved figuro; for drums 4s. 8d. Ia ro quired, and for bulk 4a. 2d. Colza is moved off at 5s. Gd. for drums, and 6a. 8d. for casks. Olive haa not sltered, though tboro Is not much doing ; in drums 5a. 9d is obtained, and In wood 5s. 3J. la required. Chinese oil Is quitted at 4s. duty paid and at 3s. Od. In bond. For Polar oil £80 to £32 la a fair quota- tion. Oilmen's Stores.-An Improving dotnand Ia ex- perienced, and better prices aro attempted to bo realised, but an advanco equal to the riso la tbo home mai ko ta is vory difficult to gol. On pickles thoro IB llttlo or no chango. Common to Uno brands are quoted at 6s. Gd ,8». Gd., lOi.Od., and 11«. 01., according to at 6s Gd ,8». Gd., lOi.Od., and Ila. OJ., nccordlng to marks. Bottled fruits, assorted, sell at 10a. 3d., and black currants find bus ora at 11s. Gd. lib. Jams are wanted st 7s. to 8a Gd. Balad olia In quart» havo ruled at 18s., 22s , and 24s Gd.; pints havo realised 9a. Gd. to 9B. 9d. and np to 11B ; half- pints aro deposed of at Ga. Gd. to 7s. Castor oil In pinta IB quitted at 7s. Gd , and half-pints toll at 6). Baucoa aro got rid Of at Ga. Gd. to 10s. Gd. OaperB aro valued at 6«. Od. Colmau'a mustard In 71b. tins IB placod at SJd. to 8)d.; lib. tins sell at 10s Sd., and half pound tins at Ga. D S F., Keen's, ia got rid of at 101. Od. for hahoa and 10J. for pound tins. White starch reallsoa fij J , and bluo atarch IB dlsposod of at Gd. Thumb bluo meeta with a roidy tale at lid. Sago Is bottor, and uow soils at 2Jd. to 3d. Haccaroni and vermicelli aro saleable at 10d. Carra- way seed was Bold at 6}d. Tablo salt was placed at 5s. lid. Chocolate realised Is. 2d., and cocoa Is. 3Jd. Vesta matcbos havo boen takon up at 5a. Gd. In bond, and 260's at 20s to 20a. Gd. Tbo Kama's shipment Of black pepper was sold at 7d., tho white pepper at la. 6Jd. to Is, i|d. ; nutmoga at 8s. 6d. to 3i. 81., and maco at 4B. ljd. Provisions.-Butter has declined gradually, and last week the price dropped to 8d. Cheese, on the other band, haa Improved ; the latest eales reported for colonial wero at OSd. to lOJcl. Bacon and hams, Vic- torian curod, aro disposed of at 8d. for the former, and lOd. tor the latter. Imported hams are quotod at Is. 4d., but thore Is vory little lndeod doing. Quicksilver.-Ihe market has fairly broken down .gain. Bolders seeing no chance of obtaining the extremo prlco at first asked, accepted lower rates, and tales have been mado at 5s, Od., still a veiy long figuro, and not to be maintained If supplies como for- ward with anything Uko freedom. Bico has not been muoh noticed. In tho beginning of the month tho quittance of the balanco of the Clara Bargreaves's shipment of Rangoon rice waa reported at about £17 10s. Tho noxt noticeable feature was the arrival of tbo James Service from Calcutta, with about 0,000 bags Patna, one-third of which waa for Sydney. This shipment in aome degree stimulated the market, and one buyer was got to tako up half the parcel, or about 160 tons, the ¡price paid, however, was not allowed to transpire. Since then one or two parcels of the same shipment wero taken up at £10 In bond, and 60 tons of a previous arrival waa quitted at £1010s. Wo quote up to £20 to £21 for small lots. There Ia no undressed Java offering; For fine dressed prices ranging from £24 to £27 are obtained. Bangkok dressed Is quotod at £22 to £28, and Saigon dressed at £21 to £22. Salt.-The month commenced with a good trade Inquiry, and lator on about 880 tons were cloared off at about £4 6s. to £4 Us. After the mall's arrival bolders becamo firmer, while buyers on the othor band showed moro anxloty to operate. A heavy busi- ness could have beon done, but Importers showing little desire to meet buyers, little or nothing has Unce been reported, though negotiations for heavy linos have been pending ever since. Trade ptrcels aro moving off at 90s. to 05«. for coarse, 95a. to 100s. for fine Liverpool, and up to 110a. for fino London etoved. Elates.-A lair trade demand haa existed, bat the prices obtained »how no alteration whatever In thoso ruling last month. Several invoices havo also been taken np by tbe larger buyers during the month, aggregating about 180,000 tn all. Tho arrivals have been moderate, and not more than could readily bo absorbed, the greater part havlngchanged hands afloat. We continue to quote £16 for 21 x 12, £11 for 22 x 12, and £12 for 20 x 10. Sugar.-A considerable amount of business has boon transacted, andatone/.tlmo it waa thought prices would have given way ; Indeed, the Victorian Sugar Refining Oompany publicly announced a reduction of 80s. per ton on their loaf, cruabod, and first and second whites, and 10s. per ton on Inferior qualities. The market, however, has been fully sustained by the favourable advicos to hand from Mauritius, and, If anything, has shown additional firmness during the last two weeks. Business tor the month opened out with tbe auction sale on Tuoaday, tho 10th ult., when 2,080 bags Java and Mauritius were disposed of. White crystals brought £11 10s. ; grainy yellows, £3710s.; soft whites, £37 16s.; middling yellow counters, £35 ; browns, £29 5s. to £29 10s.; ration, £26 to £2710s.; low ration, £25 S". On the day following a small parcol of damaged, ox Victorine, about 871 bags, waa cleared off at £35 to £10 16s ; at samo time somo 2,088 mata Queensland mads were offered likewise ; this parcel at- tracted a good deal of notice; the appearance and quality of tho shipment being much liked, the wholo waa speedily cleared off at prlcos rising from £80 for low browns to £36 2s. 6d. for medium yellow counters. Ol Tuesday, the 17tb, 8,202 bagB Mauritius were cleared out at £23 10s. to £21 6s. for low rations, £29 for bro »na. £31 16s. to £32 10s, tor grainy yollow caunterp, £86 10s. to £37 6s. for grainy brewing, and £37 15s to £38 fis. for giey crystals; 500mats grainy brown Java also brought £30, and Bourbon rations reallied £26 15s. Pilvatoly, a contract for the balanco of the Bengal's shipment of Java, amounting to 8,000 mats, was also passed at a fair price. About 8,000 mats and bass Mauritius were at same time taken up for shipment at £36 to £80 10a. to.b.. in bond. On the 20th, notwithstanding the unsatisfactory result of the auction sale, when the whole offered had to bo passed In, a few lines wero quitted privately. Some 600 bags wero taken up In parcels In the courso of the day at £31 to £38, and wo were, moreover, In- formed that orders carno to hand from Now Zoa land to tho extent of 1 000 bags and mats at loast. On Tuesday, the 21tb, some 2,100 bags Mauritius wero disposed of publicly, when brownB Bold at £31 lOi. ; medium counters at £82 to £33 5s. ; lino yellow counters realised £80 6s. ; yellow grainy crystals, £36 10s. to £87 10s. ; grey crystals, £30 10s. ; and white crystals, £10 5s. 600 mats Victoria Sugar Company's low yellows were at same time quitted at £29, and 20 tonB of crushed loaf wero taken up at £16 10s. The cargo of Java sugar per Rosea was offered on Wednes- day, the 25th. when the sale commoncod there was some hesitation in bidding evinced, but after the first lot was knocked down the whole of the 16,850 mate which comprised tho cargo was cleared off with extraordinary rapidity, at prices ranging from £88 10s. to £10. An Improved demand waa re- ported afterwards ; sales woro made privately at £37 10s. for yellow brewing crystals to £12 10s. for first whites, while brown grocery was quitted at £32, A good deal of Interest has boen shown In the Queens- land sorts which are being offered from time to time. Three thousand mats wero cloared off on Tuesday, the 2nd Inst, and the quality bolng little üb ort of Mau- ritius descriptions of a simtlar cbaractor, very full ratcB wero realised. Fine Drowns brought £3016s., medium yellow counters £33 to £31, and good yollow counters £81 10B. to £85. 1820 bags and mats Bonrbon and Mauritius wore disposed of also, when low rations were quitted at £21 10B., and good middling rations at £20 16s, to £27 16s. ; low browns sold at £2810s. to £80, and good browns at £30 10B. to £31 6s., while a groylsh Mauritius sold at £38 6s. to £89. On tho 3rd 1,600 bags of Queensland were offered at the wharf, and sold as por bulk, with all faults, at from £3210s. to £33. Afterwards 1,739 bags Mauritius were submitted to competition, of wilcti 8,500 bags were cleared off. Middling; to good jollow brewing crystals brought £36 l63, to £3S 10s.; good brownB realised £81 10s,; medium yellow counters, £31 to £81 10s.; fine yellow counters, £36 16'. to £87 ; grey counters, £30 16s. to £38 ; good white, £30 ; and grainy counters', £36 5s, to £37. On l'usa day the 8tb, about 6,000 mats and bags Mauritius and Java, were sold at quotations. For the remainder of the week thcro balbeen little activity, but the market S resents an aspect of great firmness, and should lauritlus advices continue as favourable as thoy have hitherto done, doubtless higher rates will rulo. Tho latest dates to hand are per the Diono via Adclaldo to 17th August. Tea.-Mocara. 3. O. Bobortson and Co, report as fol- lows :-" The markot since our last Issue has continued firm and well supported. Transactions have been of great magnitude, amounting to about 20,000 packairos ex- tending over all descriptions, and the prices realised, In most instances, fully support those obtained at tbe departure of the last mall. Fears are entertained as to the safety of the Helen Malcolm and Prospero, both vessels being now considerably overdue, and should they not put in an appoaranco an upward tendoncy in values Is anticipated, In the face of the favourable state of the Blocks in bond throughout the colonies. Auction Balos : on the 26th ult., the cargo ex Anna Dorothea was submitted at auction, but passed In at limits. Afterwards tbo auctioneers sold 2 500 packages at lull rates. On the 7th hist, the residue of tbo cargo ex Anna Dorothea, consisting ot 2.582 packages, was sold at, for good common, Is. 2d. and gocd modlum ls,[0jd. On the 8th Inst. the cargo ex Adelhead. from Foo Chow, consisting cf 8,165 packages, was offered, and the whole quitted at lOjil. to Is. 2d for broken leaf congou, Is, 2d. to Is. Id. for common to good common, Is. Od. to Is. OJd. for medium to good, and Is, lOJd. to 2s. S}d. for low to fine kalsows, and 8 O. pokoe 2s. lid. Several small sales have takon place, but unworthy of nollco. The stock In boud is 1,876,1821b , against 2,070,1151b. at samo time last yoar. Tho deliveries bavo been 573,1501b., against 107,6161b. at same time last year. The arrivals during the month are as follows :-September 21-Anna Dorothea, from Foo-cbow : 1,196 chests, 6 180 half Dorothea from Foo chow 1 IDG chests 6 480 half chests, 6,124 boxos October 4-Adelheid, from Foo chow, 280 OOOlb Our quotations are -Dust and sittings 8d to Od , brokon foo chow, DJ to 11 Jd., ordinary to good Hld to la 2d , mixed leaf kinds, le lid to Is 8}d , do , with llttlo flavour Is 4Jd tola Ed, blackish leaf kinds IB 5d to Is 7d , do strong Is 7d to IB 7Jd , do strong flavoury, IB 8d to la Od , kalsow kinds, strong, la 9d to 2s, pekoe souchong and pekoe flavour 2s to 2s 2d , fine rich pekoe souchong flavour, 2a 2d to 2s 4d,do very tino do , 2s 5d to 2s 7cL, orange pekoe scented ordinary and broken, Is 4d to IB Od , do, good to fine, 2s to 2a 2d , caper, ccontod common to middling, Is 2d to Is 6Jd , do , middling to fine 2s to 2s 6d , young hyson, good to fine, Is 7d to 2g do , finost none, gunpowder, Canton, good to fine, la 7d to 3s Id Abovo quotations aro at por lb in bond for chests (boxes boing worth 3d per lb moro) Timber -A fair amount of business haa como biforo us pilncipally toward the c ose of tho month, as little or nothing was allowed to transpiro In tbo way of sales throughout the first two wooka On the 17th ult the cargo of kauri ox (Tower mil waa sold, 10 logs roallsed 13a Gd por 100ft super, 40 do 13a Od do, 80 do, 14s do ,20 do, 14a 8d ds , 10 do, 18s do On the 201,11 tho Bales com priced 11 x 8 deale ox Star of India and Pentheslloa ditpoiedof at6d to6JJ perfoot9x3,T and O lining and flooring sold at 5s Gd up to 7» , 4 out weather boards brought Ga 3d to Gi Gd , and 6 out Sa 91 On Tuesday, the 24th ox Modura and Trowbridge 80 360 pieces rod Baltic deals and battens wero cleared off at iii to 6 3 16 per foot, 9x3 A quantity of teak cold at esme timo realised 7s per 100ft for logs and 10s Gd for boards On the 27th the sales com prlFid-J?x Envoy 65 000ft white pine abolvlng, which realised £14 7s Od per 1,000ft , 50,000ft do T and O floorlnf, £12 7a 0J to £12 10a do , 40 000ft S n to CJiu clear pine, £16, £16 2a G1 do , 15 000ft pitch pine flooring £13 12s Gd do , 03 000 dit lntlio 80a per 1 000 Ex Moneta 20,000ft whlto ptno Bl ching brought £15 2a Gd per 1000ft, ¿5,000 4Jtt lathe 41a Gd per 1000, i 000 4ft and 5ft, pickets, £0 7a Gd do , -700 doors, assorted Blzes 11s 3d to 20s Od each On Tuesday tho 1st Inst., there was Bold by auction, ex Ki ato, Hannibal, and Mogata-1 100000ft liorwoglanT ando floor log, lining, and four ont weatherboards at for 6_ rod T and G OJ 3d to 0s , 6 x g white do 8a Gd , 01J red and wbito 7s 3d , 0 x 1 red beaded T and O , 6a 3d to 6s 6d , 6 x 4 whlto do Ga 3d , four out weatherboordB Ga 8d to 6a 6.1 por 100ft lineal Ex Migara further 80 000ft 6 x fl T and 0 white beaded flooring 5P 3d to 5a 6d per 100ft 120 logs cedar ox Atlantic woro at same time clearod off at 83a Od to 87a 6d per 100ft On tho 4th the sales compris d the cargo of cedar ex Pionoer from Bleb mond liner wbon 103 logs, 80 000ft supor brought 28i Od to 41s per 100ft supor Ex Aborigine 80 logs red and whlfopine and20 000ft G x1 red and white T and O fleorlng sold at Ile Gd to 16s per 100ft, super On the 8tfa 160 000ft Kauri pino logs and flctchcs sold at 13s Sd to 13a Gd per 10011, and spars at 19a to 10 3d at 19s. to 19*. 3d. Tobscc1.-Business in this market shows no chango. Tho sanguino vlewB of holdorB and the high ratos do macdod kcop back tho larger buyers, and trado Is thus rcstiicted, as a rule, to sales for actual require- ments. A moderate demand only being experienced for local purposes as woll as for export, thero is no Hgn at present of any fluctuation lu value. Holders generally, owing to the very small shipments advised, aro exceedingly firm, refusing to entertain business ot any description at reduced prlcos. Shipments advised vlfi England do not amount to over 9,1811b By California we have dates to 19th Aueuet, but have only advice of 103 packagoa shipped por Sarab, and 135,0001b. per George Treat. Tho business reported at auction bas not boen of much account ; tbo following are tbo principal sales :-On Thursday, the 12th ult, 100 packages wero disposed of. Bars brought Is. 3d. ; gold blocks, Is Id, ; light pressed, Is. 73d. to Is. Sid ; also, all faults ploces, 7id. to lOd. ; twist, 8}d. to 1B. ljd. halt pounds, lOJ-i. ; sixes, Sid. to Od. ; negrobead twist, 1B 5Jd. to Is. 6Jd. The fol- lowing week, ondlng 23rd, an attompt was made to get rid of atock publicly, but owing to the suplnenoss of buyers nothing oould bo done. The week following that again publicbuslneis waa limited to the disposal of a fow small di ringed lots. Last week Is 5|d. was obtained for the Bt. Androw damagod twist sold, but tho sound portion, offered at same time, consisting of Our Game, was withdrawn, as purchasers showed no desire to meet the vlowa of sellors. Two Seas and VenuB half-pounds, sound, sold at Is. 6d. Common tens ate brooming scarce. Low class aro quoted at 9d. to lOd ; medium, 13d ; good, Hid.; fives realise irom Is 8jd. to Is. Od. Dark half-pounds medium bring from lid. to 18d" and fives from le. 6d to Is Od, Aromatic half- pounds are nominal, being In very limited Bupply. Dark navy eoaiee goods soil at lid. to Hid., and fino at from Is, 6d. to la. 71d. Aromatic navleB command from Is. to Is. Gi., according to quality ; aromatic fancios from Is. to Is. 7Jd. Twist -about 1B. Od. all round Is asked. Olgars-Ormond Swiss are quitted at 85s. to 36s. Od., according to weight Manillas, half-and half, fetch 65s. to 67s. Cd. Geiman cigars, including finest Hamburg, realise £2 to £10. Genuine Havannahs aro vory scarce, and extreme prices are demanded. Wines and Spirits -The business done in wines has shonn llttlo of an Interesting character. Sales for the greater part of the month have boen llmltod to purchases for actual requirements. Of sherry trade parcels havo been quitted at £18 £20, £28, £80, £38, £10, and £68 Porta havo also been dlsposod of at £16 £20, £21, £30, £32, £36, £i0, £60, £68, and up to £00. Champagnes havo boen In modorate demand at 70s. to 80s, for ba»t brands Brandies havo been extensively noticed at Improved rates. Hcnnessy's palo 1871, for which 6*. lid. would be taken wbentho month commenced, advanced to 6s. 6d , at which It le now saleable. For 1870 0i. Cd. was required at same time, and equal tol20bhds., in quarters and bhds. were cleared eft ; 6i Od to It. lias since been required. 151 packages 1869 brandy, Henneisy's pale were taken up at 7s. 01; 180 quarters Hennessy'« and Martelt'a 1870 pale were placed at 0s. 7id , all round ; Martoll's pale 1871 has been selling at 6s 3d. to 6i lid ; this week 118 hhds. and quarters 1870. were cleared off by auction at 6i. to 0", Old, O.V.P. brandy has been offering at 6s. Od. to 0«. for small lots, Tory extensiva operatlonB In Otard's resulted In the quittance to one bnyer of over 1,000 bhds., amounting to abont £20 000 In value ; a re sale of 400 quarter. caskB waa effected Immediately afterwards ; further ro-saloa to the extent of 800 quarter-casks were also reported, slnco which about 400 packtgos moro were cleared off. We undoretand that 5'. Od. to 6a. lojd. Is now demandod tor small lota. For Renault's, llarett's. and Vlnegrowers' wo quota 5a. Gd. Btsqutt Dubouche has been disposed of at 6s. 3d. to 5i. Gd. Clozeau'a wo quoto at 5s. to 5s. 8d. Associated Vineyards' com- mands 4a, 10}d. to 6s., anil Central Vineyards' rules at 4s. fld. Hennessy1! caso, white offering at 26a. and under, attracted a good deal of notice, but since the pilco has boen advanced there bas been much lota doing. In tho beginning of the month 3.000 cases wera quitted at about 26'. ; email lota have been offerlnr; at 26s. 3d., but of late veiy little baa transpired la the way of eales ; very recently 2,000 cases wero sold to arrive at 26s. MartoU'a has been steady at 23a. to 23s. Gd. D.V P. has boen quoted at 23s. Otard's has bcon offering at 22s. Gd., and for other brands 17s, to 22a. has been ruling. Genova, JDKZ, hu boen soiling In trado parcols at 14a. to 14s, Gd. Otber branda aro quoted at lis. Gd. to 18B. Od. Bum, 10 per cent o.p" - Is a shado oasler. R.W.P. and Lemon Hart'a havi / V been quitted at 3s. lid. to Sa. 3d. Commonor brand.) can be got at 2s. lOJd, to 8s. Whiskey la quoted at 8s. OB. to 4s. 3d. Sir R. Burnett's old tom Is firmer, and up to 12s. Od. to 18a. la required. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT' REPORT. Mr. 8. Bs BEER reports as rollona :-" At this period last year, owing to tho very favourable sooson then, experienced both for BbearlDg and transit purposes, five ships, aggregating 4,280 register tone, had boon despatched for London with that season's clip of wool;,, but for tho present season, consequent upon the very uneottlod and cold weathor, shearing operations haver been interferid with, and roads In the outlying dis- tricts rendered heavy, BO that tto departures for London now to bo advisod comparo unfavourably with thoeo at same poiiod last year; but from tho lato Improvement la the weather throughout tbe colony thero is no doubt but that our recolpts of wool will bo sufficient to keep all tho shipping on tho berth actively engaged loading. The cleaiances for London since date of my last advices embrace but three ships, viz.:-The Nor- folk, OGS tons; Shannon, 1,292; and City of Agra, 1,074, each with a goodly amount of tho now wool. Clip, and their extra cargo spaoo fillod up with general colonial produce Tho export beith Is at prosent well occupied, comprising na It doea 20 shlpa, tho grosa register tonnago of which amounts to 24,489 tons, re Êresented by tne Niagara, 1,682 ; Carlisle Oastlo, 1,485 ; [erwenjoo Framjoe, 1,070 ; True Briton, 1,456 ; Mac» duff, 1,136; Miltiades, 1,462; Scythla, 830; Kajpoot,. 1,244; Avlemoro,l,001; Colonial Umpire, 1,305; Alsager, 1,210; Punjaub, 882; Erato, 1,205; Hippolyte, 853; Superb, 1,451 ; Queon of Nation«, 846 ; Wavo of Life,' 888, Loch Awe, 1,053 ; together with the steamers' Great Britain and Northumberland, the formor oí 2,844, and the latter of 1,452 tons, with respect to which It must bo borno In mind that their cargo capa., city la small comparod with tholr tonnage, Beelog the considerable amount which ia occupied by tbo large number of passengers they carry, together with their btggsge and genoral requisites for the voyage, so that the tonnage loading and advertised at present la aotually but little in oxcesa of what It was at this date last year, and consequently freight« aro firm at last month's quotation«, viz :-Wool, f d for greasy, and 3d. per ID. for scoured respectively; sklna, 65s.; leather 80s,; tallow, 70s. to 80s. per ton of 20 cwt. ; and presorved meats, In casoa, 60s. per 40 cubic foet; the two latter articles, however, being eblpped In but comparatively limited quantity. At this period last year wo had three ships of a gross tonnago of 1,000 register loading for Now York and Boston, while at present tho only vossol for the United States Is the Envoy, 680 tons, bound for Boston, and receiving cargo at Id. per lb. for groaay wool. Not- withstanding the large amount ot tonnage on the boith homewards, tbore need be no apprehension of rates of freight giving way, and cortalnly none for tboto ships now loading la anticipation ot tbe London February eales. Boeing that the woa thor Is now settled, and that quick and large lecolpta may be daily looked for from the interior. Last year at this time, tonnage to a considerable amount was in demand from Cou li Australia for breadBtuffs to the United Kingdom as well as porta ia Fiance; but fjrtbo present season, as yet, no indi- cation of demand baa been apparent, but no doubt sblpa will be requited for tbo transport of tbo surplus wheat ciop of the above colony as the season ad- vances. With horsea for India tiro ships have been despatched, viz.. the Dllawur, 1,208 tons, conveying 103 head for Madras and Calcutta; and tho Star of India, 1,040 tons, for Bombay diiect, carrying 160 head. inoia, l.uju ions, ior tsomuay oireot, carrying 160 head. Tbe charters effected during tbo mouth have not been numerically largo, and comprise the Bhlps Star ol' India, 1,010 tons, horses to Bombay, £1,050 la full ; Bcythla, 886, boneo to London, with general produce, £8.600 ; and for same destination with similar cargo, the Bippolj ta, 863, £1,200 ; Jau.es Service, 111. hence to Madras with horses, £12 por head, landed alive, ship providing wator nnd stalls; Salacta, 180, coals, Sydney to Shanghai, at 13s. Cd.; American barque Knv*y, 689, hence to Boston (U.S) with a full cargo- ol wool, £2,760; and Fr.nch karque Victorine, 310, Melbourne to Oloveland Bay, with passengers, ana back to tbls port with guano from an Island in the Bouth Pacific on terms which bave not transpired. The mall advices received since date of my last circu- lar, as to the current prices of coals at tho various open ports In tho Chlnoso empire, and other Eastern ports, having been vory favourable, freights to these quarters havo consequently Improved, and rates now offered by exporters are-for Hong Kong, 35s.; Shanghai, 15s ; Singapore, 25s ; Manila, 85).; Galle, 22s. Cd.; Bombay, SOs.; portB in Java,il5s,; San Fran- cisco, 82s. ; Valparaiso, 30s. ; but it IB not llkoly that busi- ness to any extent can be concluded, consequent upon the present paucity of suitable and disengaged tonnage. To load guano at Holden and Starbuck Islands for ports In Europe thoro has been a fair demwd, and tonnage can bo placed at full rates from both islands ; the latter of which being undor lease te Messrs Boulder Brothers and Co., of London, these gentlemcu havo recently laid down proper moorings for ships loading, similar to those at Malden Island, at which vessels are filled up at the rato of 100 tons guano por day. The recont advices from the northern porta of Cleveland and Fort Dar- win as to tho provlously-reported gold discoveries In these quarters being rather unfavourable, tbo demand for pastenger accommodatleu from this has considerably slackened, that for tho former place having about onded, whllo for the latter the barque Springbok, 827 tons Is advortised as on tho berth for passongers and cargo. The Bame good demand for the purchase of shipping as roferrod to In my last month's circular still continues, and sinco thon the following vessels have changed hands, viz :-Barque Clara Hargraves, 101 tons register, built at Boston (U.8 ) in 1866, realising £2 600; brig Greyhound, 230 tons, built at Wivenhoe in 1862, tben l8 years Al. fetched £2,850, and tbo OJyde-built Bbip Holensleo, 798 tons, 10 years Al from 1802, at a figuro which hu, howevor, beon kept private," Messrs. ALFRED WOOLLKY and Co. roport:-"Our last advices reached .to tbo 10th ult. Since thon we. bave had a fair Influx of tonnago, chiefly liners and others Intending to avail of homewttd emplovment. The news by the last mall had a beneficial effect on coal freights, especially Oblnawards, and ratoe bavo advanced considerably and remain firm at our quotations, whloh will, doubtless, be upheld so long as tonnage keeps OB at presont, so much short of requirements for absolute orders. Transac- tions In the interim show an avorago amount of busi- ness doing, and represent a fairly diversified extent of operations at full ratos of freight In every case. For Liverpool.-Tbo favourite B.S. Great Britain Is adver- tised to sall on tho 22nd lost, and la expected to bo as UBUBI a full ship. For London -Tbe Norfolk, City of Agra, and Shannon have left with cargóos of the new clip. Tho Tlmaruls off the berth, havlngongaged to load at Adolaldc. Tho following Is the list of ships non fixed to load, viz,-The u.a. Northumberland (to be despatched on tbe 10th lust), Aviemore, Carlisle Castle Colonial Empire Erato, Hippolyte, Macdui, Merwarijoe Framjee, Miltiades, Niagara, Punjaub, Bsjpoot, Scytbla, Superb, and True Briton, oxcluslve of i ho Queen of Nations Loch Awo, Wavo cf Life, Ben Nevis, and Alsager at Goolong. Tbls Is a. goodly number, capable of carrying a very large quantity of wool, which, however, Is now ar- riving In town in considerable parcels. As statod in our last, tonnage Is abundant both In port and to arrive, freights, therefore, will lu a measure depend on, tbo discretion shown In laying on ships, and it should bo boroo in mind that meats and tallow offering so plentifully at this time last year, are only obtainable this season In very small lots. For Calcutta, tho DHawur cleared on tho 10th ult., with 190 horses for Madras, and is ohartered to load In Calcutta with cargo back to our port, Tho James Service also proceeds thither via Madras, with lioiECB for the latter and copper for both ports. For Bombay.-Tho PeoroBswas fixed to load coal in Sydney, and the Star of India for horses, direct. Both vessels have since sailed from their respective ports. For Bos- ton.-The Envoy la fixed to load wool thither, of which but little la offering as yet. For Horg Kong.-Notwithstanding the lncroased rates of freight now offorlng, and persistent demand, no ehlps have boon secured this month. For Shanghai. The Sállela takes on coal from Sydney, and tbe Nardoo, sandalwood, from Swan Rlvor, W.A., both chartored bere. Charters have boen concluded as follows :-Star of India, 1,010, Melbourne to Bombay,. £1,650, ship finding water; Peeress, 777, Sydney to Bombay, 28s. Cd. coal per ton ; Timaru, 88B, Newcastle to Wallaroo, thenco Adelaide to London, prlvato; Scythla, 886, Hippolyte, 863 and Erato, 1,205, Mel Lourr.0 to London, on terms withheld, but at about equal to £6 grosB por register ton; James Service,. Ill, Mclboumo to Madras, 80 horse», terms private;. Envoy, 689, Melbourne to Boston, £2 760 net ; Kassa, 325, Melbourne to Mauritius, private; E, M. Young, 315, Newcastle to Mauritius and back, 70s. on the round ; Salada, 128, Sydney to Shanghai, 13s. per ton,. Nardoo, 882, Fromantleto Shanghai, 72«. 6d per ton. Freight quotations:-Molbourno to London, wool, gd. and Jd. per lb.; leathor, 75s. to 80s. per ton, tallow, 70s. to 76s. per ton ; moats, 60s. measurement,, copper. 2s. 6d. per ton ; treacle, 16s. por cask; phos phateB, 15B. por ton. Sydnoy to Calcutta, horses, *.« por hoad. Bjdney to Hong Kong, 80s. ; Shanghai, 18s.; Malden Island to Europe. 06s. por ton; Starbuck Island to Europe, 70s.; Callao to Europe, 6ïf. Od.; Java to Europe, 67s. 6d. Nowoastle to Val- paraiso. 85s,; San Francisco, 81s.j Shanghai, l61.,. Amoy, 10s.; Hong Kong, 86s.; Manilla, 80s.; Singa- pore. 26s.; Java, 10s.; Bombay, 82j.; Calcutta, 18s., Gallo, 18s." GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following ore the snipe taking gold which have Bailed from tbla port alnca tho publication OÍ our last Summary, togothor with tho quantities ano? destinations :- _ Date of Bailing. Ship. Bopt. 11 Tanjoro Sept. 25'Noifelk Destination. dallo London Ounces. 61.«* 4\. ;; The total amount of gold exported from the colony Blnce the beginning of tho year IB 973,945oz.. or. which 99.8910Z. were tranebipped from New ¿oa land. During the corresponding period of the P»«ou» year the entire quantity exported waa l,204,63opz., and of thla total 188,264o«. were from New Zealand {For the remainder of the Summary see seventh page of The Argus of this day.) Printed and published by Hoon GEOIWH, at TM ARGUS Office, Collins-street, Holbourne, for WIMO» and jtUcsiHKOH, proprietors. SUMMARY FOE' EUROPE. ( Continued from the Supplement lo The Argus of This Day. ) REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. - Wo have tgaln to re.-.J;it a limited extent ol busi- ness In tbli maikot, tho transaction« ot tho put month bolt.fr below tbo average, both I'i number and amount. Aa regards tho paucity of business In In vestment stock», the oius« ia iho extreme scarcity of ntui k oCerivg lu the merket, even at tbo high ratos ru'lr g and which show a contldornble farther ad vaneo In valuo tiree la<it report, especially in bank thaïes. For Vlctoilan dabonturos tho Inquiry has been limited this month, owing to a loan of about £400 COO In Uvo per cent, debenture* bcin^ placed In Sydney last week -Gas ebares continue vory scarce, end hold for high rato*. Insurance little dealt In. Mining companies' shares hare, with lew excep- tions, bud a dull market, and prices generally have fallen belo« those current last month, among those companies which have risen In value durlrg tho month arc-K< h-l-noor, Lone Tunnel, Crown Oíos« Keel, Winter*« Freehold, Ajax, Kow Chum and Bolltvuo .Ballway Deserve, Ehenandoah Ti i mite, St. Mungo QUI, and several email-priced clocks on tho Weat Carebalton Uno. The principal full» In value tmvo bees in Bind and Al Dion Consols, Bonfhaw. Lothalr. New North Clunes. Grott «x trnded Huntler'« Company, Old Obum, Viotorla Qold Mines, and Koch and Hl'do irandi'a. During the month gonoral mtotings of the following public com panic» have been hod:-Tho Melbourno Unit-pro serving Company, at whloh a dividend ol 5], per ehai e wai declared equal to lu per cent, per annum, and a balance of £7,478 carried forward; tho Aus trallon Alliance Aeturance Company, whtoh reported a balanceo! £42,218 lfi. 2d. at credit ol prout and loss, out ot whlob a dividend and bonus, together 53. per share, was declared, and tho sum ol £i" 371 10a. 2d, carried forward. The mining dividends ijr the week amount to £74,001 6J. - Decentaos - Victoila Govornmont six por cents, chanced hand* to a (air extent at £110 to £119 10i, but have bad less request latterly, ponding the allot nient ot the Syouoy five por cent, tfnueuturrs ; do. fivo'per cents, placed nt prlco withheld. Melnuurno mu Hobaou'a Bay United Ballway nix per cents, wanted at £108 to £100. Now South Wales flvo por cents, placed at £105. and havo buyers about samo ; a new loan ol £406,800 avoragod lu «j du ey nbjut £108 15>. Fort Cbalmors eoven per couts, p.aced at prlco withheld. Banks.-Ballarat cold up to £7, and wanted at same ; (oilers atklng £7 10;. Colonial have made & further cdvarsco; eales up to £8 7a., closing with £3 Ils. nrked. Commerçai have also advanced ; »ales to a consldoroblo extoiit at (rom £5 Is. to £5 7«., closing with buyers at littor, selléis asking £5 10s. Land Mortgage have changed li andr at £210s. to £2 10J. Od. and aro hold (or ¿2 Ile. National. Melbourne re Hli-tor, have been in good favour, with sales from £6 13s. Od. to £(J 15B.; sharon on the London and Adelaide registers obtainable at £0 12i.. at which some ealos ol Adelaide have been made. New South Walos nominal at £48 10s. buyer, £17 sailor. Victoria extremely scarce, and sold at advanced rates oxact prloei withheld ; buyer £18, seller £50. Bank of Now Zea- land are at £10 buyer, £22 sellor. Gas.-.Ballarat have buyer at £1010s. Bendigo In good demand, with Batos Irom £6 12B. to £ti 17s. Collingwood continue in (avour ; sales up to £10 2«. 6d, aud wauted at £10. Geelong have obangod hands al £0 6s.. and have buyer at £6 2s. Od. Melbourne old issue firm at £0 10B. buyers ; share s not offered. Insurance, &c.-Australian; Alliance wero In request, and changed bands at from 44t, to 403. Od. cum di v., and clono with buyer at 89s. ex div. National sold at 3s. to 3s. ljd. Southern sold at lGs. to 17s , and aro quiet at 17s. seller. Holbourne and Hobaon's Bay United Ballway bave beon sold at £111, and wanted at esme, and held for £51. Melbourne Meat Preserving Company In Improved request ¡sales from £5 to £5 3i., cloning with buyor at £5 2i., seller £5 6a cum divi- dend. Melbourne Omnibus Company havo seller at 40s. Mines-Ballarat and Other Districts.-Band and Albion Consols opened with a good domaud, and were ¡.old up to £5 Is ¡subsequently, owing apparently to a tompurat; falling rff m yields, tho; declined rapidly till they retched £2 17s. Od., when they turned, and bave tinco been Bold up to £18s, .cloelng with buyer at latter. Yle da improved. Bonshaw advanced In the early part of the mouth from £18 16.'. to £21 IO*., but have since I cen pressed on ibu market at falling ratos, and are i utrea at £1010s. Black Horse sold to a «mi!) extent ht, 22s Cd. to 19J , and offerod at latter. Criterion havo bad an extremely depressed market; sales from 2<t. down to Is. Corisande have boen quitted at £6 15s. to £8 10s., and have buyer at £8 Clunes Company h¡>vo seller at £7 fis. Clunes Oousols have had a dull maikot; eales from £3 16a. to £2 17s. 0J. Cornish lirmly held for £225, wl.li buyor at £215. Cornish United, Bright, much do pressed closing with icllor a-, 3). Od. E. H. Union, Maldon, hivo improved, and would find buyer at up to 18s., excellent ylolda beleg obtalnod. Great Gulf nominal at 26r. buyers, 83s. sellerB. Koh-i-noor wore very dull, and recedod to 42s. tellers, but have nineo lmprovod, and close in good request ; aaloi up to 85J., closing about 80s Long Xunnul con- tinue in good favour, and aro hold far £183, with buyer at £185 ; some Bales at price with- held; £2 dividend declared, and £700 kept lu hand. Lothalr havo had a fluctuating market, oponlng at £1416s., receding to £0, recovering to £1110s., and tinaliy closing with seller at £8 16". Magdala advanced from £3 8s. to £15s., but havo declined again, abaros boing quitted down to 60'. Nowlnglon, Ploasant Creek, Bold at 00s. to 65s, and paid ups at 72s. Cd. to 76n. ; intermediates sold at 45s. to 47s, New North Clunea have had a fluctuating market, dosing at a con- siderable rednotion on opening valuo ; sales early at £90 to £9710s. cum £8 bonus, since whloh they have been quitted down to £7410s.. Anally Improving to £33. -\o sufficient causo known for reduotion. North Ener- getic havo bad a very irregular market, rising from 20a. to 60B., receding again to 26s., and finally closing about 30s. North Qlppa Land sold at £10 2«. 61., and held for £10 10H. Park have had a limited business at 7s. Od. to 8s. Oil,, closing dull. Pi ince of Willes, Sobistopo!, extremely doproiaod. and off--rod down to 10s Od, Rod Jackot nominal at 12s. Od. nel.-er. Saints' havo recedod to lQr. seller. Smith I ai ¿-¿s. ua. nel.'cr. Saints' bayo receded to 101. Boiler. (South f!Ui cr a nomlral at £8 10s. buyers, £11 aellor. St. Guir&o; and Band, pala-up, without business, and pilceB quite Eomlnal. Tookiy, N.Z,pald, have boen dealt In to a limited extent at £316" to £4 2i fid., and *ieou*orodat£i5<,;do.,nt)W, nominal at about£2 15). United Albion and Princo ol Walo? haye bad a dull market * talcs from 13i. Od. to 10". United Sand and Bind, doable, llave receded fiero 65«. to 60*., and close quiet. United Poverty have Improved prospects; rhorea wanted, but hold too high for buslnoss till more Is knows. Unitod Ovens nominal at 20*. buyo», 80s. seller. Walhalla nominal at about £'215. Winters' Freehold have had an Improved bunloeis, slnroa changing bands at from £21 103. to £30, closing firm. Castlemaine Mines.-A j tx Company, p»ld, sold toa moderate extent at O', ti), to 8i. Ot; and do., prêtèr- ent, at from 8>. to 15s. Gd., mine prospects much Im- proved. Duke of Cornwall nominal at as. sellers. South Olongonner havo had » fluctuating business, saleB belog made at from 8s. 6J. to 8s., closing about 4s. Od. Tommy Docd had considerable business, and wore sold up to 18s. 6d., but closequlet at aboutlls.aollor, Sandhunt.-Albert havo beon sold at 15'. to 16s. Cd., and have buyor about same ; good stone bolng raised. Bonall held for 10J. Od. Buffilo Head Tribute sold at 6). 6d. to 7s., aud havo buyer at former. Catherine Reef United quitted at Oi. 3d. to 103., and are held for 11 . Gd. Comet have buyer at 4s 61. Ellosmero have receded from 10s. to 8s. Eureka Company havo been told at 6s, have buyer at same, and held for 6i. 6d. Gardon Gully United nominal at about 60s,, and an Improvement anticipated before long; do Freehold ?old to a limited extent at 5s. to6i. 6J.,and obtainable nt latter. G O. Consolidated Company have had a very depreseed market; sales from 13). OJ. to ils., closing with seller at 121.; the five tributes would Und buyor at 2s. Cd., and hold for 5s. Golden Fleece Company rose early In the month from 06s. to 80s., but they were afterwards pressed at reduced ratos, and receded to 67s. ; thoy closo with '.uyer about 00s. Do. Tribute No 1 advanced from 8s. to 0], Sd-, recodlue; afterwards to opening price, out finally Improving to 9*. Od. Do. Tribute No. 2 have entered the dividend list ; sales have ranged from 12s. Od. to 17s. cum dlv.; they olose about 15a. ex dlv. Do. Tribute No. 8 advanced from OJ. 8s. to 14s. Od., but olose qulot about 10s. Great Extended Hustler's Company advanced from £12 15s. to £13 16s, but notwithstanding good yields, cloie about £11 16s; 7a. 6d. paid In dividends ¿mice the montb. Do. Tributo No. 1 had a quiet maiket at 52s. to 66s., but on stone being cut In the crosscut had an excited market, and advanced to 70a,; the stone, however, proving barron, prices havo receded, and olose about 47s. ; dividend of Is. 6d. paid. Hercules nominal, about 20a. UuBtler'a Consols Unitod Tribute cold at Is. Sd. to le. Hustlor's Freehold have declined to 25s. seller. Hustler's Reel have had a fair extent of business at 19s. to IDs. 6d. Hustler's Kesorvo advanced from 4s 80. to 6s. Od., but close about 6s. 9d. Hansel Monday have come into request, and changed hinds at Is. 9d. to 2s. 3d. Koch and Hildebrand^ Tribute hare Buf- fered the heaviest fall of tho month.rocedlng from 11s. to 8s., closing illghtly bettor, with sales to 4s 3d. LazaruB had a vory dull marl et, and rocoded from 25s. to 18s, but have latterly been In good request, owing to to 18s, but have latterly been In good request, owing to better stono being met with ; sales up to 23s. Lazarus No. 1 without business. Latham and Watson'« Tribute No. 1 nominal at is. Od. seller, Si. 8d buyer. Homing Light Company aud Tribute have been la re- quest during the psst week ; sales 2s. Od. to 8s. Od. Mount Blwnch Tributo sold to a fair extent at 2s. 9d. to 4s. lid. New Obum and Victoria Company have had . quiet but Arm markot; Bales 60s. to 65J., dosing with buyer at 639. ; do. Tribute have reported Improve- ment In the mine ; sales lrom £40 to £51, eating airain to £19. North Hustler's nominal at about 121. North Johnson's have boen sold at 24s., and are obtainable at same. New Obum and Bellevue Ballway Reserve have been dealt In from 26s. CJ. to 29.'. oura dlv.; excel- lent yields are being obUlnod, and 4«. 01 por shara has boen paid In dividends during the month ; the market price seen» low with such results. North Old Chum bave had a limited business at 201. Od. to 20r. North Shenandoah sold at 12". to l8*. Od.. but cloie dull. Old Chum, notwithstanding excellent yields and dividends, havo had a falling market ; sales rom 45s. to 37s. Od , closing about 88). Pioneor KocbV) romlnal, at 64s. buyer, 00«. Geller. Richard Heales Company have had a moderate business, open- ing with sales allis. Od., advancing to l8), but closing dull about 14« ; the company Is about being reorgan aid, to provide increased capital. Do. Tribute No. 1 o;d to 6s. to 7s,, closing about Gi. 3d. Bose ol Den niatk nominal, 14s. sellers. Boyal Hustlor's ne- glected ; nominal price reduced from 42«. to 80i. South Stafford havo had little batlneis ; soma smalt lots placed at 4e. 9d. to 6s., closing sellers at latter. Shenandoah Company quiet ; about 20s. buyer, 22s. (ellen. Shenandoah Tribute opened about 0J., but aro improved, and clone In good request, with sales up to Ile. Od. 8t. Mungo Hill have had a favourable first cruthing, the yield averaging 2oz. por ton ; salos from 2s. to 6B. Od., closing about 6s. 8d. Unity have receded from 11s. 6d. to IO*., and olose quiet. Viotorla Gold Mines have had a dull market, sales at 83». to 40s , o oslng with seller at 80s. Victory have bean placed at 10a. to 14s. 6d" closing quiet. Wilson's without business ; seller 12s. The mining dividends declared during the mouth ending Ootober 8 amount to £74.991 6i., of which £60 6416s. were distributed by quirtr, and £14,460 by alluvial companies. The dividends la detail are as toliow:-For week ending September li-Cornish United, Sandhurst, £1 per 800th, £800 ; Old Chum, Sandhurst, Is, per 27,000'.h, £1,350; Golden Fleece, Sandhurst, Is. per 20 000th, £1000: Great Ex- tended Hustler's Tribute No. 1, Sandhurst, 1«. per 28,000th, £1,400*, Argyle, Llnton's.ÏJ. Od par 8,200tb, £400 ; Gladstane, Maryborough, li. par 6 000th. £B0O ; Queen, Maryborough, Is. per 6.000th. £300 ; Hattle Sheppard«, Sandhurst. £4 per 16th, £61 ; Car- lisle, Sandhurst, £350 per 8th. £2,800; New Chum end S.V. Raliway Bestrve, Bandhurst, Is. 61. por 28,000th, £2100 ; Eastwood'a Quartz, Sandhurst, £1 lOi. per 1,000 shares, £104 ; Empire, Sandhurst, Od. per 24,000th, £600; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £1 10'. per 2 «00th, £3 600 ; Tommy Dodd, Malms- bury, 6d. per 10 000th, £260 ; Gleogonner, Lauriston, 2«. per 2.000th, £200 ; Morning Light Tribute Sand- hurst. 2d. per 21,000th £200; Hibernia Reel. Sand- hurst, £3 10?. per 1009 shares £84 ; West Oarihal ton, Sandhurst, £6 Gi. per 1,000 shares, £163 ¡ Btnd of Bone and Albion Consol», Ballarat, is. per 22 450tb, £4,490 For tho week ending September 21 :-Great Extended Bustlei's Company, Sandhurst, Is. per 28,000th. £5,000 ; North Johnson's. Sandhurst, 6d por 22,000th, £650; Gardon Gully United Company, Sandhurst Gd. per 26,422nd, £66011s.; Garden Gully United Tribute, Sandhurst 6d. por 23 760tb, £593 15s ; Lazarus New Chum, Sandhurst, Od. per 45.000th, £1,125; Passby (approximate), Sandhurst, £65 nor ül'b, £1.540; Carlisle (approximate) Sandhurst, £70 per 24th, £1,080; North Garden Gully (approxi- mate) Sandhurst, £180 per Sith, £3.080; Eastwood's Quartz, Sandhurst, £3 per 1,000th, £72 ; Band of Hope, Maryborough, 6a per 6 000th, £1800; Boa ham, Maryborough, la. por 6 000th, £300; John Bright, do., Is. per O.OOOih, £800; Try Again, Smythes- dale, £21 por 28rd. £433 i Walhalla, Stringer's Crook, £2 i er 600 h, £1 200 ; Union, Diamond Creek, 3d per 20,(00th, £260; Now Gordonia, Oaatlomatne, Is. por 21,000 h, £1 200; Cornish, Daylesford, 5s. por 1,800th. £326; Haddon, Hidden £2 10s. per 64th, £100; .Now North Clunes, Clunes, £1 per 2,050th, £2,066; Golden Lake, Springdallah, 6s. por 4 100th £1,100' Tor week ending September 28 :-How Obum and Belli.vue Ballway fteaerve, Sandhurst, 2«. per 28 000th, £2 600; Old Chum, Sandhurst, Is 6d per 27 000th, £2 025 ; Goldon Flcooo Sandhurst, 1« por SO.OOO'.h, £1,000; Golden Focoe Trlbu'O No. 2, Sandhurst, la. per 24,000th, £1,200 ; Morning Light Tribute, Sand burst, 8d. per 24 000th, £800; Gladstone, Mary- borough, 2?. per 6,000th, £600; Queen, Maryborough, Is per e.UOOtb, £300; Galatea, Scarsdalo, 6s. per 2,100th, £525; Queen Vlotorla, Canadians, 2*, por 2 600th, £250; Tommy Dodd, Malmsbury, 01. per 10,000th, £250 ; Gleogcuner, Lauriston, 2s. 01 per 2,0001b, £250 ; Imperial, Ballarat, 10a. per 890th, £150; Haddon Haddon, £2 10s per 64th, £160; Black Hill Ballarat, 3i. per 2,480th, £372 ; North C'csa Beef, Plews« Creek, 18s por 10 000th, £6,500. For week ondln? Ootobor 5:-Belmont Irl bute, Sandhurst, lid. por 24 000th, £150 ; Young 'bum Sandhurst, «J. per 20 000th, £60J; Kitto'« Tribute, Sandhurst, 3d per 21 OODtb, £300 ; Uoso ot DonUiBrk, Sandhurst 0d. per 24 000th £009; Sand of Hope, Maryborough, 2s. 8(1. per 6 000th, £760 ; fiUileu 3trcam, Searsdalo, 7s. 01. per 2,000th, £750 , -caham, Maryborough, 2s. per GOOOtli, £600; Jtbn Bright, Maryborough, 2-i per 0 000th, £000 ; Great Fxtendtd Hustler'* Ro.f, 8andburst, 8i id. per 28 OOOlh, £4 000 ; North John»on's, Sandhurst Od. por 22 000tb, £550; Troubadour Tribute (Eo.2 ohawk Union claim). Maldon, la i-or 82 000th, £1600; Morning Star. Blaokwood, £119 per 4th, £470; fcorth Star, Lauriston, 9d. por '..'4,000th, £000; Eastwood's Q'iartz, Sandhurst, £3 !0s. por 1.C0Ü Bbaros. £81; Union Diamond Creek, 8d, per 20,0001b, £250 ; OornlBh, Daylesford, 10J. per 1 SOOtb, £6£0 ; liv Again Smythesdale. £11 per 23rd, £256; Little Stream, Smythesdale, £0 per 11th, £120 The districts from which tho abovo mining dividends vere derived rank as follow.! in order of amount dis trlbuted, viz :- Stnohuret, £39 061 6'.; Pleasant r te ok. £6,600 ; Maryborough, £5.860 ; Ballarat, £5,262; Gipps Land, £1800; Smythesdale £3,060; »aylesford. £2 576; dunes, £2,056; Castlemaine, £1,700 ; Lauriston, £1,860 ; Diamond Creek, £500 ; Blackwood £476. Tho total mining dividends declared during the several mall periods since January 1 are at follow -. Fcur weeks ending January S7, £61,817 03.11 ; four weeks ending February 24, £94 879 4* ; four weena ending Marcb 23. £82,762 3t Id.; four weeks ending April 20 £73,730 8».; four weoks ending May l8 £80,76710s.; four weeks ending June l8. £61,556 6s ; four weeks ending July 13, £70 681 14i 8d ; four weeks endlngûu«ust 10 £73,160 11; ; four weoksend ine September 7, £60,497 11s ; four wcoks ending Ootobor 5, £74 991 0*.; making a grots total for tho 3 ear to dato of £756 671 0s. Id. reported by public i omnanles, to which a conslderablo further sum would requlro to bo added for private campamos, and for public companies not reported. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. WEDNESDAY. OOT 9. Amount of Loan DEBBNIURBS. Closing Prices. £ £ IO000O0 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 8 por cent. 119-1191 8OO0OO Viet Government (local), 5 >or cont. 1081 100000 Molbourno Corporation, 6 tor cent. 110 114 10000 Ballarat Water, 8 nor cent Ballarat Municipal, 61 per cent. ... - - Collingwood Gas, 6 por cent. » 1011021 60000 Melbourno Gas, 7 per cont. 106107 80300 Molb. & H. B. United, 8 por cont. - 135400 Do., 7 per cont. «. - 163800 Do., O por cent. .» 106 100000 Do., 6 per cent. .. .» 95 20000 Nelson (S.Z.) Qov., 8 per cent. - . _. Lost 1 3 C2. dlv. S ?à PrjBMO COMPANIES. per cont. Closing S m § por Prices. ÙH annum. £ £ £ BAKES. £ 66000 10 10 6:Bal. Bankg. fllrait) 1 Do., new issue .. 10 } 771 437500 10 61 Colonial of Austral. 8 8181 220000 10 4,Commorclal of Aus- tralia pimlted) .. 6 61-51 100000 10 2,Molb. Bank Corpo- ration dlmltod).. IO - 660000 6 4 National of Austral. 10 6^0} 1000000 20 20,Now South Waloa.. 10 46 600000 60 "R! f Victoria(Mol.rcg.) 'D % Do. (London reg.) 2 Land Mortgogo .. }» 471-50 600000 10 10 21 a AS COlirAMBS. 80000 10 7 Ballarat .. 12 li 24008 5 6.Bondlgo 6 01 14000 5 5.Castlomalno 5 76000 5 6 Colllngw'd ^Fitzroy, Opay leaford (limitodj 4 Goolong 10 »1 2080 24430 10 5 12, 10 < 6 8 ) < 8 Ti 210000 1 C 5 V Molbourno ?{ 8 01 Uo loi I INSURANCE. 8 Hi 126000 6 2V Austral. Flro & Mar. 10 5i.-6d. 2500O 6 è 1 Australasian Lifo .. li Australian Alliance. 10 17a. 4000OJ 6 10 40«. 1626a - 1 National Flro Insur. 8 8». 10000(7 5 1 Southern Insurance 6 17s. 40000 60 li Victoria Lifo & Gen. 25 Victoria Fire & Mar? 10 3 3} 100000, 60 8 89-31 1 MISCKLLANE0Ü8. 17875 10 87500 10 6 Gipps Lnd. StenmN. 71 Marítimo & Goneral 8 - 1 EredltCo, (Limit.) 121 - 88460 - 5[Mol1>. Moat-Presrvg. 10 6-61 12338, 60 60fMelboumoExch'ngc 6 17 12000 1 lJstudloy Park Bridgi 20 Victorian leo .." 6 7000 20 121 18-19 I RMIAVAVS. 684700 60 60 ATolb.&Hob.BayUd.; S 49 62 MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE MARKET. Mesare. B. GOLDSBROCOII and Oo. roport :-" Wool. -The opening Bale et the season waa held at our ware- houses on the 2nd Inat., and the attendance of buyers was the largeBt we have hitherto witnessed In Mol- bourno-English, Continental, American, and local Arms being well represented. As 1B usually the case at au opening sale, the quantity offered waa llmltod, rwnere generally preferring to wait until tho market haa been tested before offering their clips. As soon as tbo sale commenced it became ovldont that buyors wore prepared to compete with spirit and give high prices, consequently the auction passod oil very satltüctoiily. Washed fleece ranged up to 2). 2§d. per lb., asuparlor lot ol 07 bales In beautiful order being sold at that figuro, For a very superior lot of greasy, well bred and in light condition, Is. Sd. per lb. was c florod ; and after the sale this parcel, which con fisted of 263 bales, was Bold by private contract at Is. 8Jd. per lb. Tho second sale was held at our ware houses on the 9th, and tha prices obtained previously wore woll maintained, 1,206 bales bolng sold at price« ranging from lid. to li. 38d. for grevy. Is. ,10¿ 1. to 1«. Hld. for fleece, and li. 71d. to 2s. 41d. per pound for fcuured. The top quotation of Is. 8jd. for grea-y wai obtained for a lot cf 00 bales from Riverina In beautiful condition, light and well grown. Tho pro boot clip, so fir as wo havo seen it, Is In fair, condition, and tho washed loti soem moro free from dust than usual, the rains before and during shearing having rendered the grass moist and giceD, consequently the sheep bavo buen kept cloan after washing. Tbo lots shorn in the grosso aro light-conditior ed and genorally Bound and In good oidor, though some of tliom are a little tendor in «tarlo, ewing no doubt to tho want of rain and in .ulBctont feed during a portion of the year. It Is, however, premature to ellar a deolded opinion on tbls ieai'Bgrowth, the quantity which has reached tovra lulng comparatively sinall. Tbo high prices which are ruling here will, no doubt, Induce most of the growers lo toll In this market rather than ship to England, and wo expect that a very large quantity will bo Bold in the colony this Benson. Buyors aro In prasosilon of extenslve,ordera, and the operations on Continental and American aooount will ba considerable, while the pur- chases for England and Scotland are likely to bo lariie. Wo notlco that tho shipments from this colony for tho } ear ending 1st October show a decrease ol 8 326 bales as compared with those ot'tho previous year, The returns from the neighbouring colonies havo not yot reached ue, but wo have reason to believe tbat they will show a corresponding diminution, moro especUlly thoro from Now South Wales. Tbls reduced qmntlly shipped to England, together with the direot ship- ments to America, has materially lessoned tho Importa Into London during this past yoar. and thuB contributed to lnorease the firmaeis of prices. The following ship has cleared tor England duting the month with wool on board; Sept. 25, Norfolk, Melbourne to London, 1,636 biles ; add previous ahlpmeuts, 214 380 bales; total ship- ments, Cctober 1, 1871, to date, ono year, 216,021 baten; total year ending Ootober 1, 1871. 221846 hiles; decrease in this year's Bblpments, 8.325 nulos Khir-nienU this season-Oct. 2, Shannon, Melbourue to London, 8,866 balea; Oot, 3, City of Agra, Holbourne to London. 4 018 bales ; total. 7.368 hales Prices Current.-Greasy-Interior, 8d. to Old ; ordi- nary to average, lOd. to Hld.; good to superior, Is to Is 8d. Fleeco, waBhod-Inferió*. Is 2d. to la 31.; ordinary to average, li. 4d. te Is. Cd.; average ts good. Is. 7d. to la lid. ; superior, 2*. to to 2d. Scoured-Inferior, 1«. 2J. to Is. 4J. ; ordinary, la. 6d. to la. 7d.; middling to good, la. 8d. to Is. lid.; supurlor, 2s. to 2j. 21. BheepiklnB.-There Is a brisk demand tor this produce, and wo have cold a large quantity at our regular sales at very satl.faotory price«. Butchers* merino skins aro worth 4s 6d.to 8s. each; ero abredsup toOi o»cb, and (.tallon skins from 6d to 911, par lb Hides - There baa only been a moderate supply, quite Inade- quate to the requirements ol the local trade, conse- quently prices have been very firm. We quoto ox hides, 23). to 33s. eaob; cow bldoa, 12). Oi. to 23). each ; wot salted, 4d, to 6}d. por lb. ; kips and calf- skins from 61d. to 7d. por lb. Leather.-Wa noto an improved Inquiry for IhU article, and bave sold by auotion as follows :-Calf, 8«. 8d. to 8s. 9d. ; kip, la 7d. lo li. Od. ; harness, la. Id. to la. 3d. ; crop), I'ld. to 10JJ., and kangaroo up to 2). Od. por lb. Kangaroo skins ore In dem»nd,and when In gooi con- dition realise high price«, we quote extra largs, 42s. ; large, 20s. to 82s. ¡medium to large, 10s. to 20s ; unall to medium, 8a. to 10s. par dozen. Preserved \- Meats.-TI e continued high price ot stock baa caused ihodlfferert companies to reduce their operations to tbe lowest Kal« compaUMo w.ih kesplsg together the bett workmen. AB prices become lower, of whlo thero Ia every prospect, the companies will no dom corsldorably extend their preserving. The ship- ments from this port are as follow :-1872 September 25, Norfolk, for London, 1,818 cases; October 2, Shannon, for London, 2513 cases ; October S ,City of Agra, for London, 800 cieos; total, 6,161 cases Tallow.-Tbe weekly sales have boen well attended, ,and we have quitted 760 casks of all sorts, principally for local consumption. The limited quantity offering has caused prices to rule high Wo quote mutton, £36 to £37; beef, £83 to £36 IU'.; and inferior. £27 to £30. The clearances are :-1872-September 25, Norfolk, Molbourne for London, 188 casks; October 2, Shannon, Molbourno for London, 366 casks ; Octobor 8, City of Agra, Mel- bourno tor London, 210 casks. Total, 782 casks." Me« Brs.HASTiaasCnNraOHAsi and Oo.report:-Season 1872-78.-"WooL-Since our last report large quantities ti tho neu clip from the northern districts have como forward, tbo greater portion of which hu beon sent direct to ahlpa for the London February sales. The opening salo of the season was hold In Melbourne on the 2nd lost, and although the catalogued contained > limited number of lots, chiefly greasy wools, thero waa a vory large attendance ot butera and others Into rested in the business. The biddings wero animated, and competition woll maintained, the result of tho salo »bowing tbat purchasers aro prepared to operate at rates fully equivalent to prices ruling In London by last advice». From examination of the parcela already r eceived, this season's clip appears to be well grown, strong, light In condition, and freo from seeds. Our first sale will bo held on Friday, 11th inst., wbon wo sball put foiViaiu several first ol*ss wools Thendvlcos frcru the country ato very favourable, and taking Into consideration tho satisfactory news of the London wool market at the close of tbo July series of Bales, the futuro prospects of tho woolgrowois aro at prc3out ol tbo mott reassuring character. Frolghts are firm being gd for greasy and }d. for waBhed, by sailing vessels. Quotations arc-For greasy, from lOd. to 16d per lb ; scoured, fium lfld. to 28d. por Ib.; fUece, sold up to 26Jd per lb. The shipments tinco last report aro as follow :-For London, from Uobcou'a Bs> - Norfolk 1,035 balen, cleared 25th September; pre vious shipments, 196,164 bales ; total shipments for London, 197,799 bales ; total shipments (or Amelle», 19,298 balts. Total shlpnien's from 1st Octobor, 1871, lo 80th September, 1872, 217 (97bales; corre ponding t-orlod 1870-71 226145 bales; do. 1869 70 210 009 bales; do 1S08 69. S2ä 729hales; do. 1867 68 201,29' hi ci ; do 1S66 67, 169 648 bales Ino following t hipa have silled, taking thin ses'on's wool :-Shannon 8 865 talcs, cleared Ootober 2 ; City of Agra, 4 OH tale,», cleared October 3 Total, 7,308 bales (or mpondtug ported, 1870 71, 2 803 bales. Probable quantities to be taken by the following Bhipi: Miltiadcs. 7 000; Macdui!, 5.600; Bingara, 0 500, Cvllele Ca-tlo, 0 500; Merwanjio Framj o, 6 COO; True Briton, 6,600. The Great Britain and ¡nor- thumberland aro also loading flhcop'k'na havo been In good demand during the month, and pilces erina to last quotations have been obtained for a large Mipply. Bu cboi's green sains brought from 4i to 7s Od. oacb, and some superior up to O'. Dry Btatlon skins from 6Jjd to 9Jd. per lb. Hides.-Pilots have been very firm, tho tanners taking all t Cored for local inanrf »clure Ox hl'tos rold at from 25i. to 81s each ; cow hides, 16s to 21i Inch ; calfiklns from 6Jd. to 6|<t. per lb ; saltod I, id ob from 4jd to f Jd per lb Ibero aro no ship- ments to report 'lallow.-Too limited quantity brought forward for sale csu.ed high prices to be paid, quotations being «quat to last month's rates until laBt werk, wbon a considerable decline In value <nrk place, and mutton can only be quoted at from £35 to £36 10s per ton ; bee! £81 to £85 per ton; mixed, £33 to £36 per ton. Wo held (our Bales durirg the month disposing of 260 pi poa. The shipments ¡.mount to 782 sklnB. Kangaroo Skins.-Slnco lait summary v>u havo sold 3i0 dozen, at tromU t<i48s per dozen, eceording to size and condition. Large > kins in good order aro In demand, and realise oxtteme uricoB." uricOB." The LOKDOx and AÜETRALUN ¿OKSCV COHPDIUTION LIMITED report :-" Wool -°Jhis lesson will bo mirkod by two Important alterations In conditions of salo 3 be first Is the abolition of lib. per hundredweight draft, which has been for a long timo tho cause of much dliaat'-facllon amongst woolgrowers, and wo BlrOLgly taken up by the various pastoral chambers. Immediate'}* after the abolition of draft was announced by the selling brokers of Melbourne buring wool urokors and others Interested ln.tbopurchasa of wools, nftor one or two meetings, urged tho abolishment of the usage of 101b, tara and the Institution ol actual taro. Tbls suggestion has beon adopted. Woola will there foro in futuro be sold in this rmrkot without draft, ?>nd actual tare will be allowed. Tho seaion was opened on the 2nd October by a small salo, at which 698 bales were offered, and waa followed by a lurger sale, at which 2,200 bales wero oftorcd. Of the foregoing 2,893 balea, about 1500 have been sold, Including those plaoed privately. Tbo piicis realised muy bo coneldeied to ttlrly re present tho vt, nee obtained at tbo Juno and July sales In London There appears every prospect ni far aB can bo ascertained of this market being steadier in ptlcea than It wan lut season, and tho general tenor of our latest advices from England indi- cates that the homo and continental demand continuos L'Oixl Taking alBO into consideration tbat the probable quantity lo be offered at the Sop Umber and November sn'es in London is (including 20.000 bales bold over from tbo June and July Baler) only about 165,C00 to 160 ÛÛ0 ba'ea, against anout 212 000 balea i. lier cd during ibe corresponding period of last year, we consider wo aro justified in expecting prices to continuo dim. As indicative of the gradual decrease la theyio'dof Victorian clip, wo note that the Importa- tion cf our wools into London to 7tu August, 1871, is given at 200.150 bales, and to the samo dato, 1872, at only 178 700 b>>cs, a material falling bli lu the mest Important »tapio of this colony. Our broker's report, dated 9th August, Btatest-''Slnco the cioee of the sales (June and July) thoro baa bean no alteration to report In the wool markot, closing prices being fully supported In any small transactions by private. The worsted trade continues to be rather depressed ; but In all branches of tho woollen trade there la a vory good bu«lnosa doing. Engll-.li wool -lill shows a Bllgbtly downward tendency; but farmers hold the now clip with great firmness, con- sequently the buBlnooa done Is on a very small s'-alo." Freights.-Greasy, g1 ; washed and scoured, .]d per lb. We glvo the following quotations :-Gre3"y -Interior, 8d to lOd por Ib.; medium, 10J to Hld.; good, Hld. to 181d ; tuporlor, lSJd. to 15d Sllpe-Inferior, 9d. to lid.; medium, lid. to l61, good, 16d to lill J.; buporior, 10Jd. tolSd. Scoured Inferior, 12J. to 15d.; medium, 161 to lOd ; goid I9d. to 281d ; superior, 244. tn 201. Flecoa-lr.fi rlor, 16d. to 17d ; medium, 17d. to 191d ; good, -20d. to 28}d ; superior, 24d. to 27d. Tho foi ii wing ships have cleared slnco our last, viz : 1872-Sept. 25. Norfolk. 1.08S bales ; add prevloui bl.ipmont. siooo Oct 1, 1871. 211,517 bales; total sl-lpments slnco Oct. 1,1871,216,152 bales. This show.) a decrca-e of 8,003 bales from tho corresponding date« of last year. 1872-Oct. 2 Shannon, 8,360 ba'oa; Oct. 3, City ol Agra, 8 717 bale«; total abip menta slnco Oct. 1, 1872, 7,107 bale«. Sheep tklns.-The markot 1B well supplied, and prlcca remain firm. Greon skins sell from 4« Od io 8,. Gd. each ; crossbroda up to 10s. oaoh, and dry station skins from 5d. to lOd. per lb. Hides.-anio«t active com- petition prevails, which is chiefly supported by pur- chasers for local consurr ption. Green ox hides realise from 24s. to 83». each ; cow hides, 10s. to 23s oach ; wet talted, 4jd. to Sid. per lb., and calfskins. 5jfd. to Cid. do. Tallow.-Our latest Kngllsh advices state that no Inportant fluctuation has takon place. lhere is a good demand, and the quantity afloat was somo 3,000 caBks more than at the corresponding period of la-it year, but a falling off in shipments is anticipated. Our markot lomalnB steady, and price« are woll main uined, large quantities being readily bought up for local consumption. We quote-Mutton. £36 to £33 ; boef, £33 10s. to £86; mixed, £33 to £36; and In- ferior, £29 to £32 per ton. The shipments for the month are 782 cask«. Freights, 75«. to 80a par ton Hate of Exchange.-The banks quote-60 days' sight, buying rato, 1 par cent, discount; 80 days' sight, buy- ing late, par; 00 days' Bight, selling rate, 1 por cont. premium; 30 dais'sight, »elllng rate, 1 per cent. do. 8tatIons.-Tho demand for this deaorlptionof property continues, but capitalists are not prepared togivotho uwiiuuD, - j,iu uoiuuiiu lu, bum uuauripuuuui prupurty continues, hut capitalists are not preparod to give tho prices required for stations in New South Wale?, as they are awaiting tbe result of the Indicated new Land Bill, which, from tho outline glvoa by tho Chief Score <ary, will, It is considered, bo advorso to the interests of cresent holdors. Station property In Victoria la firm, and it 1B anticipated that immediately after shear Ing eeveral Important transfers will take plaoo. Good Blatlons will, wo believe, maintain their values, on account of tbo scarcity of meat In England, and tho estimated clips from the various wool-producing countries being under the average. Amongst othora, ibo following stations have bc:n sold at satisfactory prines :-Melville Forest, wiih 11.233 sheop and some 11,000 acres of purohased land ; Tottington Navarro, »iib 45,000 sheep ; and Taroom Station, New South Wales with 13,000 sheep. There continu'« a brisk demand for cattle stations. We can report the Balo ot a Btatlon in Queensland, 00 miles from Rockhampton, «t 65s. per head (or ovorythlng over six months, horses and plnnt at a valuation. The valuable proportles known as Prospect East and Woat, and Woodside, aro now In the market, also Maryville, on the Melbourno road ; and wo anticípalo during the present season to . Dor other i'oslrablo properties of this doserlptlon." Messrs. J. H. CLOUGH and Co. report:-"Wool. Our last monthly roport was por Tanjoro, on the 9th ult,, since wbtcb the arrival on the 20th of tho European mall per Bangalore bas put us In possession of later advices of the herne wool markets, by which we are informed that tbe July sales oloied at vory satis- factory rates, priées having recovered (rom their previous temporary dépression to noarly tbo high- est ra os ii the year. This favourable lntelli uenoo has been hailed here with groat satisfaction by the woolgroweis ; and, as tboro are large orders out for purchases In this market, the buyers will bo enabled to operate on a higher basts ot prices, which It Is oxpectod will result in a larger quantity than usual being submitted to public com- petition hero. Tho opening sale of tbo season was held on Wednesday last, when a very numerous attendance of thoso Interested waa prosent Vory spirited competition waa mantles'od, and prloea wore realised In excess ol thoBo eurront last Beason for the few lots sold, while a considerable proportion was bold over for still higher figuro». This day (Wednesday) tbo eocond sale ol tho eoason was held to a good attendance of buyors ; upwards of 2,000 baloB woro submitted ; competition was brisk, and prices In advanco of those last week ware ob- tained ; one clip In grease, in Tory Inferior condition, both as to breed, wolght, lonirth, and soundness ot staple, realised 163d. per lb. This purchase la under- stood, as well as some other large loti, to bo on foreign account. Only one c'lp of washed il«ce was offerod In fair condition, for which, after spirited bidding. 23}d. was realised. Transactions by private contract have only been limited. We bave cleared off a lev small lots ot batdwashed and scoured wool at from lOd. to 22Jd. per lb. Bheepiklns.-During the month we bave held our u> ual sales, threo dayB in each week, at which there have boen largo attendances of buyers, and good com- petition bas existed. We have sold alarie quantity ol all eorts at full rates, vory little fluctuations In pilcos having been obsorvablo throughout. Quotations are. for butchers' greon skins. 4s. 6d. to 8s. Od.; dry skins, 2s. 6d. to 7s. each, and Btatlon skins, 7d. to OJd. per lb. Hldts.-Wo have sold an average supply at firm prlco, whloh Bhow an advanco' upon provlous rates, and there is a good domand for all kinds at the following prices by the local trade, viz : Green ox 28a. to 85s., cow 17s. to 23s. each ; wol saltcd 4}d. to 6}d:, and calfskins Od. to 7i& per lb. Tallow.-Wo have hold four sales by auction during the month, and have sold publicly and privately 810 caBks. Prices, bowover, last weet'showed a decline, and quotations are now for inferior, £27 to £31 ; beef, £83 to £35; mixed, £84 to £36 10s ; and mutton, £37 to £87 10s. per ton. Kan- garoo Skins.-We havo disposed of several lots at our salts at 8s. to 10s. for small, 10i. to 21s. for medium, 21a. to 86s. for large, and up to 45s. psr deten for extra large skins. Leather.-Wa have had four sa'ea by auotlon during the month, and hive told a. considerable quantity of various dosorfpti mt at the following prlco«, viz.-for sole, 9]d. la Hid.; calf, 3Î 4cL toSrf.OJd; harnee-, 18}d to Kid.; kip, Is. 8d, to 2f.; kangaroo, 2«. Id. to 2«. 6d ; yearlings. Is lid to 2s 44.; and runners at 2s. 2d. per lb. ; also kangaroo, 6ot, at 81s,; and Soz at 12s.; and basils at 6s. Od. per dozen." SALES OF PROPERTY. | afosare. GBWIHMI, TacRirrr, and Oo. roport the fol- lowing recent sales of property :-Bluestone store In Flinders-lane, with land 26ft by 98ft" £7,050 ; Bon- j craft's milli. In Flinders-lane, with land 59It. by 1201t., £8 000 ; two »bops In Llttlo Collins stroet, with Iand40ft.by C9fc., £2,460; Ennlscorthy Hotel, Little Bourke- street, with land 27ft. by 40ft., £1.660 ; pro- porty In Btephen-Btreot, with land 20ft, by 60ft., I £060; building at corner Dudley and Speuoor streets, with land C2It. by 112ft., £1,285 ; buildings at corner King and Little Collins streets, with land 91ft. 41u. by COlt-, £8 800; buildings in Llttlo Collins-street weat, with land 99ft, by 94't, £1,688; about 60 acres of land in the Yar-Orrnng eatate, toorak, roallaing from £180 to £160 per aero ; Buck's licsd Hotel and abup adjoining, In Little Lonsdalo street, with land 68ft. by 79ft», £2,000 ; proporty at rear of above. In Butberland-atreet, with land Sift, by 40It, £480 ; threo cottages in Gortrudo street, Fitzroy, willi land 88ft. by nut., £630; allotment In Royal park containing S roods, £410 ; cottago in Waterloo eircet, Bt Kilda, £400; residence and nlno acres of land at Prahran, £000; two cottages in Ontvorslty aireet. Carlton, with land 24ft, by E6lt, £34710a ; two alotments in, Murphy atroot, Mchmond, 182ft. by Hutt. £64 Mr ROBERT Ihm* roports recont sales of the fol- lowing prupertlO! :-108 aoreB near Essendon, £895 ; houses light-ofway off Bourke-street, £500; houae and land, Goie street, Fitzroy, £320; land at Foota crny from 10« to 31a. per foot ; land Llatdet-street, bandridge, £3 14«. por foot; land Kvans-atroet, Sand- ridge, £2 to £2 IO«, per foot; half-aero Marlne-pirade, Be Kilda, £225; land Evans-atreot. Sandridge, £400; faouco and land Studley-park, £8,000; four acres East Kilda, £160; houBOB and land Fitz roy, £926; homo and land Sandridge, £210; land l.i Yarraville, 10*. to 18a. per foot; land at Mornington, from 16a. to 60s. per foot ; land Ryrie iireet, Es't Collingwood, 80s. por foot ; two acres, Footscray, £100 ; land Rouse-Btreot, Sandridge, £192 ; Iuiul Buckley street, I'ooUcray, 20J. por foot; land In Holias'.opol, Prentice, and Leslie streets, Eist St Kilda, from 10«. to20i. per foot; land Little Evans hwcet, Sandridge, 20«. por foot; land Grahsm-stroet tear the Lagoon, £2 8s. per foot ; wooden cottage and land, South ïa-ra, £605 ; land Bay street, Sandridge £12 per foot. Mesara. Jours BUCHAN and Co., auctioneers, report ihn following recent salea: - Melbourne-Koa. 106 108,110, and 112, Latrobo-streot o«Bt, four d»olllngi of hlx rooms each, £1 600. Collingwood-Vlotorla parado and Cambridge t-treets, land S7(t. Sin, x 121(t. with right-of-way at nido, £1126 ,* Wellington-street laud 60ft frontagn by 8711 3 n. deep to right of-way ia £10 por font, £500; Cambrldgc-Btreat, land 25tt frontage by 87f..8ln dcoptorluht of-way, at £8 por foot, £500 ;do., land 54ft. frontage by 87ft 8ln.deoptorlirht ' t way, at £7 pur foot, £373 ; do., land 17ft. by S7ft. 3¡n , at £5 2». 6d. per foot, £302« Od ; do., land 22ft. hy 87ft. 81n" at £6 per foot, £110 ; Gla-gow atroot, i»o roomed wooden oottsge, land 27ft. Oin by 66(t" £57 10s.; Dort» -street, land 31tt. frontage by ÜOfe. deep, with old building, £248; do, land lOlt. by 81ft, at £8 Pur foot, £308; do, <»nd '¿iii. by 81ft., at £6 G«. per foot, £160; ??o, land 48ft. x 81ft, at £0 per foot. £283 ; Smith ir,d Derby streets, land 21ft. 2ln. and 90ft, to rliiht-of »ay, at £18 10a per foot, £89111s. 8d.; Smlth- atree', lund 21ft x 90ft. to right-of-way, at £9 6s. por toot, £194 5«.; du., land 21ft. x96fr. to right-of way, at £3 ten. per foot, £17810s.; do., land Silt. 2ln. x lOCIt,, at £0 2-. 6d. por foot, £198 2s. 7d. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. POBT OF MfCLBOURNK. ARRIVALS AND CtKARABCKH SINGE OrJH LA8T SUMMARY. [8., British; A.. American; Au., Austrian; Da. Danish; D., Dutch; F., French; Oh., Chilian; P.. Portuguese ; 11.. Hamburg ; Hn" Hanoverian ; I., Italian : N., Nor»o«lan ; N. D., North German ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Bolg., Belgian; Br., Bromen; lt., Russian; B., sh'p; b., barquo; br., brig; BC., Bchooncr; s.S., steamer.] Sept. ARRIVKD. 16\. Northumberland, B. B.B., 1,542, H. H. Slilnner, Lnndon.-W. P. Wbito and Co. 17\. James Sorvlco, B. b., Ill, H. Muckoraoy, Calcutta. -Boyd and Çurrlo. 10\. Great Bittali!, B. B.B., 2,314, John Gray, Liverpool. -Bright Brothois and Co. 19\. True Briton, B. s., 1,040, Henry Farquhar Holt, London.-W. P. Wbito and Co. 19 Anna Dorothea, N. G b., 830, A. Sohutt, Foo obow-foo.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 20 Bangalore, B.M.B.S., 2,068, G. O. Burne, Galle. -F. B. Kondall, 20\. Krato, tí. B , 1205, Hugh Oitmpboll, London. Holmes, White, and Co. £0. Hannibal, B. s , 1,198 Wm. Carr, London -Geo. Martin and Co. 20 Niagara, B. B. 1 582 Poter Mactarlano, London. Maotailnn, Bl>th, and Co. 20\. Balada, B. b., 123, George M. JackBon, Takao, Formosa.-A. Woolley and Co. 21\. Moneta, B. s., 821, Wm. Sinclair, Boston -Nowoll and Co. 21\. invoy, A. b , 689, J. Berry, jun., Now York. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 21 Kassa, B. b., 325 J. Lu Groe, Batavia.-F. W. Prell and Co. 23\. Colonial Eroplro, B B., 1,805, J. Bruce, London. Dalgety, B ackwood, aud Co. 20\. llcjnoor, B. s , 1,214, J. li. Androw, London Vlrgoo.Son, and Co. 30\. Star Queen. B. b., 769, D. Davies, London.-Goo. Martin and Co. 30\. Avlomore, B. s" 1,091, T. B. Ayllng, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. Oct 1\. Dlppolyta, B. B., 863, W. Hudson, Newpoit.-J. II White and Co. 8\. Prince Victor, B. b , 291, J. Brown, Malden Mand. -Grtce, S urn nor, and Co. 4\. Elizabeth Firth, B. BO,, 143, J. Walters, Colombo. \- Eoyd andCuule. 4\. Adilhold, N. G. b, 235, F. Voge, Foo-chow. lwontyman and Co. 5 Btn NBVIK, B. B , 1060. Alex. «.'Petrie, Glasgow - Holmes, White and Co. 8\. Superb, B e., 1,451, E. Jones, London,-J H. White and Co. ?*<pt. CLKARKD OUT 11\. lanjoro, R.M.S S,, 1,220, A. H. Johnson, Galle. F. R Kendall. 12, Louis do Geer, S. s., 0S0, Z. I. Dannborg, Malden island.-O. Tondeur and Co. 16 Dllfwur, B. a., 1,816, D. Jones, Calcutta, vift Madras.-Vlrgoo, Son, and Co. 19\. Loch Awe, 1,063, D. Calvin, London, vift Goolong. -Holmes, White, and Co. 28\. Borrowdale, B. s., 1,197, J. D. Newton, Sf.u Frau cltco, vift Nowcastlo.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 21, Ariadne, S. b" 608, G. O.Han'on, Maldon IsUnd. -Victoria Sugar Company. 25 Noifolk, B. s., 053, J, Cumming, London.-W. P. Wbito and Oo. 26\. VlotorIut>, F. b,, 810, O. A. Lemalatro, Qusni, vift Cleveland Bay.-Prytz, Oornlilon, and Co. Cot. 2\. bhannon. B. s., 1,292, V, It. O. Stacpoolo, London. -J. H. White and Go. 8\. Wavo of rJfo, B. s, 8S7i J. Watt, London, v!ft Goo- long.-Dalgety, Blackwood aud Co. 3\. City of Agra, B. s, 1,074, Thos. Young, London. Mací»"lan, Blyth, and (Jo. 1\. Star of India, B. B., 1,010, O. Holloway, Bombay. -W. Crosby and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. SKIT. 11 Tanjoro, BUBS., (or Point do Galle - 2 packages bacon 3 packages choeso, 1 package musio, 1 package 1:001B, 3 packages boots, 1 package stationery, 1 package nenspapors, 1 package tars, 1 orate oactben ,\aiu, 1 package documents, 8 packages plants, 17 l.ackogos apples 190 bags 20 half bags flour, 2 pickagos teeds 3 casks tallow. 60 cases wine, 13 cases jams, 6 (.asks 310 bags 1 012 boxes potatoes, 3 fern trees, 1 uniksgo photos, 3 packages rugs, 1 earth oloset 1 package sticks, G packages parcels, 1 horso, 1 packago papers, 116 cases proaorved meats, 1 package extract i f meat, 10 cases butter, 1 quartoi-cask rum, 2 bags ill 1 bale brooms, 2csBkn 5 kogo butter. FKl'T 10 Dllawur, for Calcutta, via Madras -60 oies pro hcrved meats, 414 bags bran, 11 cases bitoults, 1 hhds. llcasea winoB, 80tonsfoddor. i90hor«es. ISfT 19. Loch Awo, tor Loulon, v ft Goolong.-215 tons phosphates. flirr 21 Ariadne, for Malden Island.-7 packages provisions, 1 empty tankB. SKI'T 25. Norfolk for Lordon,-1,636 bales wool, 020 bags ground balk, 7 boxos bismuth, 16 tons bones, 7 casos feme, 377 Ingots tin, 21 balad rabbit skins, 1 oases glatawaic. 4 quarter-casks 68 casoa wines, 108 balos leather, 48 packages loatherwaro, 1,609 oakes copnor, 14 packages black «and, 8 packages gluo pieces, 7 bato Hielt, 1818 cases preiorved moats, 188 casks tallow, 968 packages antimony, 20 psckagos sundries, 6 boxos containing 10,714cz. silver, and 4 boxes containing 4,612oz. gold. OCT 2. Shannon, for London,-3 BOO bales wool, 400 balos leather, 27 bales basil«, 20 bales glue piceos, 61 bales rabbluklns, 16 bales polte, 9 bales kangaroosklna, 13 bales thebpsklnB, 25 balos cloth pieces, 355 oasis tallow, 65 casks skins, 25 casks blaok Band, 1 ciso booa wax, 2,643 cases p-eservod moûts, 1 oaso skins, 1 case duals IO cascB enrols, 1 keg butter, 1 trunk effoois, 489 Ingots speltor, 80 tona herns, bonos, and hoofs, 1 bag hair. OCT. 8 City of Agra tor London,-1 013 balea wool, 210 caiks tallow 800 otees meato, 52 bales leather, 31 bales pelts, 11 bales rags, 71 bales basils, 27 casks 19 bales skins, 27 bales (lix, l8 bales sorolls, 162 tons guano, 27 casos shells, 2 csBks copper liquor, 3 ba'oa canvas, 80,000 horns, 222 ingots spoltor. Ocr 1 Star ol India, for Bcmtny.- 70 tons horso foddor, 107 bags bran, 150 boises PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE T1TE DE PARTURE OP THE LAST MAIL. Bill. 11. Tanjore, B.U S S, for Gallo. Posaongors-cabin : For Gallo-Mr. and Mra. ¿dot HISB and Master Aoot, loivant, and Infant. For Bombay-Mrs. Ballard, BIX children, and throe servants. For Madras-Mr D. I". B> ott. For Yokohama-Mr. A. Wallack and Mr. 0. Wallack. For Suez-Mr. R. B. S. Rohorts and Mr. Berghol! ForBrlndial-Mr. and Mrs. Cadell, Meurs. Bayley, Olaipon. W. B. tf. Gavin, 0. S. Broun. For Southampton-Captain Pascoe, R.N.: Meaar«. J. Pearson, A. Wainwright, Ritchie. J G. N. Smith, QUI, Hilton. Surr. 26 Notfolk, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mrs. Emery, Mrs. Cumming, Miss E. Carno, an, Moura. Henry Law, James Seymour, F. Walker Jocos, M. P. Elliott, A. Mandeville, Adam Currar, F. B, Pilgrim, F. O. A. Goldfrap, P. Bruce M Dougall, H. H. Joba ston; and 68 In the second and third cabins. COT. 2. Shannon, for London. Passengers-cabin t Mra. Watham and family (four), Mrs. Stacpoole and servant. Mr. and Mrs. John Wm. Taylor, Mr. and Mra. Honnell and child, Major H. A. Scott and lady, Dr. Mao mamu, lady, and family (two), Mr. M. H. Gardiner, Oiptaln Lovell, Mr. Boss Ferguson, Mr. Ernest F. Cooper, Mr. Macnamara, Mr. Alfred Shaw, Mr. Robt. Rutherford, Dr. Seymour; and 82 adulta In tbe'tween decks, 