Police Court — Mackay. (Saturday, December 7.) BEFORE H.S. Dalrymple Hay, Esq., J.P. Christian Forgenson, charged with disobeying an order made by the Court, on the 5th instant, was sentenced to eight days imprisonment, with hard labour. (Monday, December 9.) Before H. S. Dalrymple Hay, Esq., J.P. William Hynes, charged with being drunk in Sydney-street on the 7th instant, was discharged with a caution. K. T. Gram was charged with absenting him- self from the hired service of T. H. Fitzgerald. Defendant pleaded not guilty. P. F. Smythe, sworn, said : I am manager for Mr. T. H. Fitzgerald, on the Peri Plantation ; I known the defendant now before the Court, he is under a written agreement to serve my em- ployer for the term of 12 months ; defendent absented himself on the 4th instant, and has not been at work since ; I never authorised defendant to absent himself. Charles Kempe, sworn, said : I am overseer at the Peri Plantation ; defendent was absent from his work on the 4th instant, and has not returned since ; he has been before the Court on a similar charge, previous to this. K. T. Gram, sworn, stated ; I signed my agreement in Bowen, the Sub-Immigration Agent told me that I could obtain my money every month or three months ; I perfectly understand the interpreter. The Bench sentenced the defendent to two months imprisonment, with hard labour in Rockhampton Gaol. (Tuesday, December 10.) Before H. S. Dalrymple Hay, Esq., J.P. Thomas Austin, charged with drunkenness, was discharged with a caution. Thomas Austin, charged with using obscene language in a public place, was fined ten shillings, or 24 hours imprisonment. (Thursday, December 12.) Before H. S. Dalrymple Hay and G. Smith, Esqrs., J's. P. C. Paulsen, P. Sauer, B. Anderson Bloude, J. M. Petersen. R. Neillson, Y. Clausen, C. Ring, N. P. Yeusen, and C. F. Erickson, ap- peared charged with refusing to work, they being the hired servants of Marten and Long under written agreements. The defendants who were all of Danish nationality, pleaded not guilty. Mr Reichelman, interpreter. E. M. Long, being sworn, stated : I am a sugar planter, residing near Mackay ; I know the defendants, they are in my hired service ?Tue3d.iy,ni0tlh-ilSCthe dof'ndaiits'refiised °to go to work, and 1 then 'asked them it they had any complaints; they repfied by asking to ba paid for twelve weeks wagds, which I refused to do,- as the defendants werj: only eight weeks iu my employ ; J asked them Separately if they would go to work.'explaiuilig to them that they I could not according to their agreeinent Ask for the uioiiey : I afterwards; had their accounts made out, and explained Ito them that there .was no. money due- 'to Ericsson, Itiug and Veu sen, after deducting their store accounts and the £2 which their agreement! -allowed me to hold till the termination of tliejr engagement ; they I still refused to work, andjl then came to town ?': to get the warrant ; it was about half-past eiglit I a.m. when'this took' place with the men, who assigned no other reason for refusing to work except that' they would not till they were, paid ; they still remain idle. j i .: Y. Clausen, sworil, deposed : lara-a labourer employed at Marten and Long's ; we' were hired in- Roekhampton ; tlie agciit there told us we could get our wage! weekly; -we have' been working on the plantation uiider agreement now a. -good while; .wel-.got some stores,' shirts, troiisere. &c;, whiJli we liave t-» pay more for than in town ; Mr. Long rufnsed'to give us any .more goods on Tuesday laH ; we, then thought we were, entitled t.i'on'r money ; if I receive my i wages I shall go- to work [again ; I wish Mr. I Long would let me- have so mueli money ns i would buy necessaries, ,-i.Jd I wish to Lave aft the money paid that is due tol nib'. . ' : ' j Ily plaintiff: I waut tWd shirts, boots and a : hat ;: these are what I u can by necessaries ;'I ! have not sufficient cl.itllesj fur present use; (defendant continued through the interpreter) -.- ?Mr. Long- told me. I could get some clothes out of his store-; 1 have blanliets, and have had since 1 went to Mr. Long's, two pair. of. trousers, I a shirt, blanket, a piece -Jf soap, and some! tobacco, '.pipe and matches, j ' - i X. tensen, sworn, stated): I am a laborer at i Marten and Long's plantation ; .Mr. Long told ' -me I could' get no more orit-of the store ; the ! agent' in lloeklmmpton told i us. that' we should ! get paid every Saturday ; 1 ttink'that the agent I acted in Mr! Long's name j I would not sign ! the agreement- until he promised me I should have my. wages' paid wecKly ; the overseer scolded and swore at us'. - ' - l'i--:tlie'15eiich: There wasja Danish interpre ter in' Uockhamptou',' 'who told me that the agent sai.l I Should be paidlwecklv ; the agc'u.t ! wxs present. when 1 was engaged ; the interpre- I tor's iia-mc is Murolly,. i know him ; the, wages.! due to me last Saturday was £1 's. ; I uiider- '?? stoml that -if I broke. liiji agreement 1 should.! forfeit X2, being 'my .'paspage money from j Ruekliiinipton. . ? ? ' |- ' I' The 'Bench ordered the: defendants to return I to their employment, and to pay amongst them j m equal proportion costs of Court, £1 Us.' (id., i interpreters ice, il Is., and to serve tnree i«vs without payment at the. cdmplttiou of .their. '°'lhd 'application of A. ile Donald for' a''' License lor the Albion Hot :l, Baker's Creek, was granted. ' / : ? The transfer of the License of the Caledonian! Hotel; from A.. McDonald to J. Lalor, .was '^Before II. S. Dalrymple Hai-, lisq., J.P. ? District Auctioneer's Licifise were granted to lieorge Smith and AlexandLr Shiels. : ? . . ifVi.(u!/,i/Ai- fw'.rr'13.: '''- ' ? ! Before the Police M.-igistrate. - - ? . ' C. Peter v. II. Iwers'.— Claiiu-fffi^wages, £2 Verdict for plaintiff tori' l.^' 