ODc Stacy? Jtfloritfitg Straits SATURDAY, S K I» TE M BE R M, 1872. Tub annual meeting of the Sydney Ragged Schools will be held on Monday evening. An eminent writer, Professor Kookks, produced some years ago a successful book. He started with a conjecture of the effect which would be produced upon the civilized races were they to awake some morning, and, on opening the Bible, find all its pages blank ; or, going further with the research, were they to find that the same fatality had overtaken every quotation extracted from the sacred book. If the nations were at the same time smitten with general forgetfulness, memory could not supply the loss. This loss of the Christian revelation would leave indeed an awful chasm, which we should be tempted to cross by the resources of idolatry, and all the thousand inventions by the aid of which, and the light of tradition, men of former ages groped their way through life. Then would arise the sports of the amphi- theatre, the proscriptions of the Roman civil ware, and slavery in its most degrading and debasing forms, and the whole relations of mankind would be changed. The effect would be somewhat the same were the charitable spirit extinguished which has supported and sustained the various institutions which have sprung. from a sense of Christian obligation, and are still maintained by its force. Thus it is that wherever a large population exists, there is a vast proportion liable to intense misery. The effect of their numbers renders those who escape insensible to suffering and a selfish spirit guides individual action. The only idea which is predominant is to avoid a burden, and to surround the enjoy- ments of life with safeguards against intrusion, sometimes by fierce laws, and sometimes by a lofty walls. i Our Orphan Schools, our Destitute Children's Asylum, take heed of one part of the ever ! pressing claims of the destitute, and Ckristi i unity recognises them. The larger institutions , which supersede parental control have a heavy task. But how much relief they give to the public in general, who can calculate ? Let us suppose that these children were all thrown upon the streets let us imagine the institutions all swept away the children in the asylums delivered to their own 1 resources the ill-inclined and the well disposed all heaped together that they were left to extract from the dunghill of a great city any offer casually thrown aside to accumulate all the filth which gathers 1 around neglected children and to suffer all the disease which results from protracted dest | tution that the people who now pay for them I and protect them, abandoned them to heathens I ism, and left them to fight for a share in existence, or to die. We never know what is the value of the blessings we possess but by their contrast. This will be found in many of the alleys of the British metropolis, under the arches of its bridges, and in the recesses of its splendid architecture. But it is seen in enormous proportions where no principle of active benevolence sympathises with the human race. True, there are sometimes ferocious revolutions, where members of the class produced by ignorance and misery, and out of whose nature everything human seems to have been expressed, destroy all around them with the ferocity of wild beasts. This is told by the historian; but he does not tell of the hundreds, the thousands, the millions who were reared in the midst of neglect, and lived and died miserable. We repeat, that our asylums and orphan schools deal with a large class who, if neglected, would infest our streets and fill our prisons. This leaves another and more pitiable class, who have fathers and mothers, claiming parental authority, but who render the early days of their children inexpressibly wretched. Let any one imagine what the city would be if some of the facts reported by the teachers of the Ragged Schools were greatly multiplied. One tells us that she visited a most wretched family who were induced to attend the school. There were six children, the fathers drunkard, who was prevented from murdering his wife by a gentleman attracted by her screams, and that soon after she attempted her own life with poison. Take the account of another family, consisting of a sick mother with five help- less children, deserted by the father, and supported by the eldest child who collected i bones. Another teacher tells of visiting a ' dying child in the care of another child, un- washed and almost unclothed, deserted by the woman in whose charge it was placed. These reports repeat the old story of numbers of all ages sleeping in one apartment, of misery and squalor in every shape and form, dwellings unfit for human beings, and rendered still more wretched by disorder, riot, and drunkenness. And this in Sydney, in a capital which, in proportion to its population, is probably the richest in the world. Of course, it will be said that all this misery results from misfortune or improvidence, and that it is brought upon parents often by their own fault. It may be quite impossible to reform the parents. But is it so impossible to save the children to show them another kind of life, to bring them under the influence of sober, cleanly, and decent human beings, to make them acquainted with lessons which they would never hear at home, and with examples which they would never see ? We well remember being informed by Mr. Joy, in whom many a ragged school boy found a friend, that the children were at first perfectly unbelieving in the good intentions of the patrons of the Ragged School, They thought there was behind, impenetrable to them, some treacherous project; they could not credit the existence of spontaneous benevolence ; they were disposed to bargain for payment due to their attendance. Undoubtedly there was much in their past experience unfavourable to any confidence in the reality of good-will. When once this notion is realised, it must come in with the novelty and force of a revelation, and change altogether the current of the sentiments and affections. The effect of this spontaneous interest in the welfare of these children may be in- ferred from some of the facts given in the report, which show that both boys and girls acquire attachments that lift them into a new moral world. Thus we are told that many return to their teachers as to a parent that the houses from which they were taken become hideous to their recollection and that they extend their new sympathies even to their old comrades of the school when they have left it. We especially note the statement that many who are now in reputable positions, married men, and having respectable homes, look in with great interest upon those who now occupy their seats. One lad is mentioned who appeared smartly dressed as a sailor, having just arrived in port, and who felt pleasure in showing his altered condition and honourable employment. When we pass by our squalid dwellings and look upon their wretched inhabitants with a feeling of pity, despondency, and humilia- tion, let us remember that there, even, as high qualities which require only to be fostered and brought out in the light of day. The bone-collecting boy, the sole support of five helpless children, and the sick mother, and under the depressing effect of his father's desertion, accepted an heroic task. If, when he was employed in his humble occupation, the spirit which influenced him had been seen by the world, it would have been admitted that thousands of drawing rooms and high schools could show nothing better or nobler and from such boys are often formed the most energetic and successful of the Eng | lish race. If the facts were recorded, it would be found that these schools have sent out into the world some who have been exalted to high places by their talent and perseverance; and who are silently perhaps, but efficiently, endeavouring to assist the alias still numerous claim from which they sprang. By a majority of twenty-three to eleven, the Victorian Assembly has decided that it will not, for the present, impose a tax on live stock imported from New South Wales. The debate in which this decision was arrived at was, to some extent, a game of cross-purposes, - free-traders and protectionists being found on both sides. The proposal was brought forward by Mr. MAornRKäo», who avowed himself a free-trader, and his object to secure free trade across the Border in its entirety. The resolution he moved was not one directly approving of the tax, but was couched in the following terms "That is the opinion of this House, allowing free admission of stock and other produce to the colony of Victoria, is inconsistent with the policy adopted by the State of protecting home industries by the imposition of taxes." He contended that protection to be fair should be protection all round, and that it was no argument to say that food should be exempted, seeing that wheat and flour were already taxed. He ridiculed the idea that New South Wales would retaliate by an export duty on her coal, because by so doing she would be simply injuring herself to spite her neighbour. It was far more likely that Victoria would place a duty on coal to protect her own Cape Paterson coal-fields. The Riverine squatters had the great advantage of cheap railway transit to Melbourne, and it was only fair to the Western squatters, who had no railway to protect them against excessive competition from a neighbouring colony. But, though the hon. member appealed to protectionists to stand by their own interests, he did not conceal that his object in pressing the motion was to operate directly on the negotiations pending between Mr. Fua.kcis and Mr. Parkes. He thought that New South Wales assumed too readily that Victoria could not, would not, and dare not put on such a duty, and he wished the colony to be undeceived and in concluding his speech, he said, " Some members desired to make his motion more definite ; others so to frame it that it would be more calculated to settle the Border duties question. He would be glad if the result of it would be to settle that question by making New South Wales take less money from Victoria than it otherwise would. He would be glad, in fact, to see the time arrive when this colony would not have to pay a shilling to New South Wales. As long as they continued to pay £60,000 to New South Wales, it would be utterly impossible to arrive at anything like federal union, or free trade across the Border." Mr. FRANCIS, on the part of the Government, opposed the motion. But, though he stated that he objected on principle to tax raw material and the necessaries of life, and though while he deprecated injuring the meat-preserving industry which had been the salvation of the squatters in bad times, he laid the stress of his argument on the fact that to pass the resolution would be fatal to the negotiations with the neighbouring colony. He quoted from the correspondence to show that the old agreement specially excepted such a tax, and that Mr. Duffy had proposed not to include in the claims of Victoria any duties not now charged. To introduce such a tax, therefore, at the present stage of the negotiations, would be inconsistent with the obligations incurred towards New South Wales. he did not deny the competence of the Government to impose the tax, but the effect would manifestly be that the contract would fall through. By the other members who took part in the debate, the reasoning used was somewhat various. Some of the protectionists voted for the resolution on the ground that it would lead to the employment of more labour in the country, that it would not raise the price of meat to the consumer, and that it would be a reasonable protection to the local producer. Others took the ground that, though such a tax was not needed while rich squatters who held the land too cheaply were the meat producers, the case was altered now, when something like adequate rents were levied, and when a large part of the grazing land had passed into the hands of small capitalists. Agriculture it was said was not paying, and it would be a great help to a class of struggling selectors and small freeholders, to give them a little assistance in the way of combining grazing with agriculture. Those arguments somewhat cut against each ' other because it is difficult to see how the small freeholder is to be helped by the duty to more profit by his grazing operations, unless the price of fat stock is thereby raised and if the price is raised, what becomes of the argument, that the protection will not make meat dearer to the consumer. Some other pro- tectionists took the opposite side. They contended that the motion was a sham one that it did not come from their own party, and that it was not really intended to develop their principles. They argued, too, that their principles really did not apply to it, inasmuch as the squatting interest did not require protection. It was one of the most flourishing interests in the country, and did not need assistance. The effect of the division was, after the explanation of the Premier, clearly to establish the doctrine that the Border Treaty will exclude any recognition of a tax on stock. Mr. Berry, who was Mr. Duffy's Treasurer, stated plainly that he thought Government ought to satisfy hon members that the forthcoming Treaty should be terminable in three months' notice, and that the amount Pymble by either colony should be gauged Wtaxes that either colony might impose and it expressed his fear that the Government was drifting into a position that would tie it up in, the same way that the last treaty did. Another, "ember complained bitterly of the New South Wales quarantine on the Border, and proposed \- retaliatory plan by which no stock should be allowed to cross except at Echuca, and that the charge for railway conveyance to Melbourne should be increased. This would be flpraciiral protection to the Western squatters, and would increase the railway revenue by about £25 800 a-year. Mr. Fra.ncis said nothing to favour either proposal, and his silence as well ,, his arguments clearly imply, therefore, that it is no Part of his Policy No sold this tax j" reserve as n Tod in pickle. It would thus appear that while on one side Mr. Parkes surrenders all objection to paying the tax levied on our wheat and wine, Mr. Fha.nois abandon any attempt to neutralise the Victorian payment by levying a tax on stock. TriK Governor's Visit to thk Huntku, His Excellency the Governor, the Hon. Lady Robinson, Captain and Mrs, St. John, and Mr. Dei Boobook, will (embark on board the Maitland on Monday morning, at 10 o'clock, and it is expected that they will arrive at Now after it silent 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Upon his arrival, Sir Hercules Robinson will be presented with Bideford from several public bodies, and he will be invited to a dinner in the evening. On the following day fell Kmllency will hold a levee, and at the the M of it will present a gold medal, together with a letter of acknowledgment from the Government to Mr. Holt, who has shown remarkable daring on Mvnriil ecMflotr in saving the lives of shipwrecked persons. It is also probable that the Hon. Lady Robinson will held a drawing-room at Newcastle on the same day. His Bx asleep will visit the Hunter River Copper Company's smelting works, the Waratah colliery, and will endeavour during his stay at Newcastle to see as much of the city as a possible. On Tuesday night there will be a bail, which his Excellency will attend. At about 11 o'clock on the following morning (Wednesday), the Governor will proceed by railway to Maitland. The train will stay for a few shares at East Maitland, where his Excellency will go entire an address from the inhabitants. A public reception will be accorded to his Excellency at West Maitland, and allowed from pablo bodice will be presented. The Giraiior will he entertained at lunch, he will hold a Levee, ma attend a ball at West Maitland. Having spent two days at Maitland, he will go on to Singleton, share a (similar programme will be repeated. On Saturday morning the Governor will leave for Murrurundi, where he will remain during Sunday, and his stay at that town ship will be invested with on little formality as possible. The Hon. Saul Samuel (Vice-president of the Executive Council) and the Hon. G. A. Lloyd (Postmaster-General) has accompany his Excellency on his tour through the Heater. At Singleton the Viceregal party will be joined by the Premier (the Hon. Henry Parkes), who will go with his Excellency to Murra pull. The Governor will return to Sydney on the Monday or Tuesday following, probably breaking the journey in the way. We understand that it is the intention of the Colonial Secretary to go north to Tamworth and Armidale, ted from that point, or from Glen Innes, proceed by the Newton Boyd line of road to Grafton, thence to Sydney. in New England or the Clarence the Premier will probably be met by the Hon. the Minister tor Public "Works (Mr. Sutherland), their business being to gain information respecting improved meant of communication. TieXKoiurnic Communication with Eng Ianj).-Wo understand that the Queensland Government have declined to bear any share in the cost of the service to be temporarily established by the three principal colonies of Australia between Port Darwin and Java, QmiWEX College At the annual meeting of acid íttüUluliun, held a few weeks ago, it was shown that a debt! remained of £1442 Oh. lid. The council of the College invited a number of friends to a meeting on Tuesday evening last, in the new 8. S. Hall of the Pitt-street Congregational Church, to consider the best method of Timing Bill that sum. Upwards of £1200 was subscribed at once, and the balance will be paid by gentlemen) who were unable to be present on the occasion. Future 'Schoor,, Glebe-st meeting was to have been held last evening at the Globe Public school, for the purpose of raising a fund for the erection of an infant classroom. On account, however, of the inclement Mats of the mci) i lies, the meeting was postponed until Monday evening-. Leciukk.-Mr. F. Gibson delivered an interesting and instinctive lecture on "American Machinery and Implements," Ac, in the Town-hall, Redfern, on Thurn, say eve 119ft. The attendance was small, owing, doubtless, to the threatening aspect of the weather, but very Diarkrd attention was shown as Mr. Gibson produced his models one by one (all the work of his own 1 club) and explained them to the audience, indi- cating- very clearly how much the Americans excel the English in their inventions for facility and expedition in rrweouiinit works of art and utility. Reference was made to the end client system by telegraphic communication in California in case of fire ; also to the singular customs connected with the treatment of the dead. The model waggon for heavy goods traffic, and the machine for the removal of (Aid, Ac., was well worthy of notice and might to advantage be used in this colony. Mr. Gibson concluded his lecture about half-past 9 o'clock. A vote of thanks was accorded him and also to the Mayor of Redfern, who presided on the occasion. New Zealand. We have files of papers from various Provinces in New Zealand to the 24th August. -intelligence has been received of the satisfactory result of Mr. M'liian's visit to Waikato. A Native meeting had been held at Wood, when Mr. McLean's views were ex raised to Ihn Ngatiraukawa tribe, which resolved to secede from the King and define their boundaries. Important changes be taking place in the Waikato in consequence of the number of Hau-haus adherents becoming much reduced. In the (Green Harp mining cane, the result in the committal of six persons charged with conspiracy to defraud. Fergus- son Gleeson was dismissed. A native named Monks, known as Kooti's butcher, was brought before the magistrates of Napier charged with thamnrdorof the native mail, van in July, 1868. At for two witnesses had been examined, the prisoner was remanded ; it is expected that he will be committed for trial. Mr. Arnot, late proprietor of the Wellington Mercury, died it is supposed, of poison. A collier, the City of Newcastle, was discovered to be on fire at the wharf, at 5 am. The fire was put out before much damage was done. It in supposed to be the act of an in sending, and Kenny, one of the crew, has been arrested. Guilford, a fireman, fell down the hatch and broke his book. In a died in a few minutes. A man named Sim mends died in the Invercargill hospital. A post mortem examination showed that injuries to the head had caused his death. A witness swore at the inquest that he saw Morrison, landlord of the Ben More Hotel, strike deceased with a potato washer. A verdict of manslaughter was returned, and the landlord was committed. An attempt to Seat a Pearl Fishery Company at Auckland, has failed, and the affair has been wound up. To Noon Again The Taranaki Herald states that authentic information reached town towards the end of last week, that Te Kooti with a number of natives, was at Mokau Heads. Measures were at once taken to strengthen the garrison at Warra. The appearance of this notorious rebel in such close proximity to the settlements far from pleasant, and we trust that the Government will take pro- wanting to prevent him molesting us, Mr. Farris left (town for the northern frontier. A Dangerous Practice On 18th May, Sarah militia Darlison, aged twenty-three, a trimming weaver, died from the effects of injury to the brain, caused by picking her car with a pin. Another Accident. The Gulgong Guardian relates that on Friday a man, named James Sullivan, had died of his legs broken, and other bodily injuries inflicted by being precipitated down a shaft. It appears that he was being lowered down the shaft after dinner in the usual owner by the whip rope, but through some unexplained cause the pulley wheel was not " spragged." The result was that when about 30 feet from the bottom, the man Downing was overpowered, and Sullivan went to the bottom ' ey the run, receiving the injuries before-stated. He was conveyed on Sunday morning to the hospital on a stretcher . tried by relays of men, where he is progressing satis- . factorily. Skin ratios ok Riverina. The following tltcoJar has been sent to the various towns in Riverina by the Corowa League :-'. The League here are desirous of securing your co-operation, being of opinion that so long as we remain part of New South Wales we will periodically le sulfi.te ei to the same direful results that have hitherto parks! (be adjustment of the Border duties question; shares, under a separate Government, we would be un- trammelled by conflicting interest to make such an arrange > ttent to mutual advantage that would practically amount to federation of the parts represented, and pave the way for wat most desirable result being arrived at by all the Aus- tralian colonies. Would you kindly ascertain the state of public feeling in your locality, and organise yourselves, to wat every one favouring these views may join in an appeal to the Crown, for we may remind you that it is only by not effort being universal throughout Riverina that we can hope to free ourselves from the incubus that is crush- ing me down," Dkatit ny Drowning. We learn from the Grafton EraiMrtr, that on Sunday morning last, a smart lad named William morey, engaged on board the Agnes Irving (fervent off from the fore gangway into the river for sale, and was observed to rise to the surface after diving t of the deck of the vessel, and swim to the paddle-wheel of the tteRauef and lay hold of one of the floats, when all at once he disappeared, being; it is supposed, seized with' cramp. Every effort was at once made to save the lad, but before his buoy was recovered, fully half-an-hour had elapsed, so that when taken out of the water life was extinct. ]îxTHA0Ei)i5Anv CniciCKT Match. One or the most extraordinary matches ever witnessed (says an English admiral) took place a few weeks ago. The players were the Marylebone Cricket Club and ground against. the Surrey. Ilia Marylebone Club aUrtid with M. W. G. Grace and Smith. The former ran out to a straight ball of Southcrton'a, planted his leg in front of it, and retired for nothing, camera was caught by Jupp off Martin, without tooting; C, K. Poole was bowled by Martin, raving made no sign ; Shaw was bowled by Martin without achieving a tun,' D. li. Onslow was caught by Strachan off Martin, for a cipher; T. Hone was bowled by Southerton with mt con tributing; stiddolph was caught by Pooley off Southerton, without an iota of credit to his turning. Of those eight ducks' eggs seven were laid in succession, Never before in the annals of the Marylebone Cricket Club have five wickets fallen for nothing. DANisH and NorWEGiAN Immiqkants.-Mr. Halootnbo writes to the Minster of Public Works in New Zealand on this subject as follows-We a rule, the Danes are physically unable to contend with the hardships of a pioneer settler's wife; and while the Norwegians hoe thereafter comfortably with the rude materials at their homeland, are able to make good wages immediately on eating to work, and surround themselves with of may simple comforts, and are, moreover, cheerful and contented as a ruin, the Wants are shiftless, thriftless, unable to work with the axe, and not very eager to learn, and are therefore unable to gain nearly as much as their neighbours, and, as a result, aieditcosLteniod, unreasonable in their expectations from Government, and ready to magnify every little unavoidable difficulty into a great grievance. Nothing on be more marked than the contrast presented at the Masterton camp between the two nationalities. The temporary huts of the two parties are eroded close together, the Danes on the one side of a sort of street, the Norwegians on the other. The houses of the Norwegians are comfortable, exquisitely clean, and in most cases even tastefully deco mind, their inhabitants clean, cheerful, and contented. Ah the result of two months' work, the Norwegian party have paid their store account for their two months' supplies in full, and they have to draw for one month's work by- names, which will probably, most of it, be paid to the Government in partial liquidation of their debt for passage, Ac. The Danes, on the other side of the street, are comparatively poorly housed ; there is no sign of comfort or thrift about their rooms thelr houses and persons are fully. They are heavily in debt to the storekeeper and though they have had, per head, nearly fifty per cent more food supplied than the Norwe Race, they 01 complain they they are not allowed to run more heavily into debt. Having in view the additional discovery which must result to the Government in recouping itself advances for passages, c, made to the latter class of men, and the fear that a large number of them will merge into the loafing' element of the community, I desire to eng Beat the desirability of encouraging the Norwegian and dis- couraging Danish immigration as far as possible. and of (exercising a far more stringent supervision over the Belee- li on of the latter immigrants, than have been obtained in the case of the two shipments already made. I desire to point out that the mixed emigration of Norwegians and Danes is a mistake, in consequence of the existence of a very bitter national feeling of animosity between them, which prevents their co- operating in anything, however much it might be to their mutual advantage to work together,". , AîiTiviaiAL Hatching ok Jlitowtf Trout. Some days ago (says the Hobart Town Mercury) we mentioned that a small quantity of brown trout ("Salmon Paris) ova had been brought from the salmon breeding ponds at the River Plenty, and placed in an artificial hatching apparatus at the Museum, Macquarie-street, in order to afford the public an opportunity of witnessing the various stages of the process. Yesterday morning the Curator, on opening the Mutoutn, discovered that three of the ova had been successfully hatched, and he expects that in a day or two a considerable portion of the ova will have burst and released their little inmates. The earliest (latest which the <>vh have been observed hatched at the Salmon Ponds was the Olli of September, so that those at the Museum have appeared fully eight days earlier than any hitherto hitched in the colony. This, however, is probably due to the artificial apparatus being under cover in a genial and almost equable temperature. PiioTooitAPHKD Criminals. The Melbourne Argus is of opinion that a very good plan for assisting the police to recognise criminals is adopted in New South Wales, and might well be followed by the prison authorities in Victoria. Every prisoner before he leaves the prison at the expiration of his sentence is photographed, and the likeness given to parties all over the colony the best possible description of every bad character who is at large. tion of some of these photographs are sent to the detectives here, and one was used at the City Court on Monday. On Saturday evening a man, who gave the name William Phillips, was caught upstairs in the private bedroom of the landlord of the Dover Hotel, corner of Victoria and Lygon streets. he was wearing over his boots a pair of felt slippers, which enabled him to walk noiselessly, and on the ground which he had passed over a hkuMntkoy was found. He was recognised as an old offender, Venn an Inuaa Williams, with half a dozen aliases, who had been repeatedly convicted in Victoria and New South Wales. A book containing; his photograph, taken just before be left the game in New South Wales, was produced, and placed his identity beyond doubt. _ Her defence was that he had been, doing a job at " shingling," though he was a tailor, and had put on the felt slippers to prevent him slipping off the roof he was working time. When he went into the hotel he got past the bar and into the bedroom upstairs by a mistake. He was in The need to twelve months' imprisonment with hard labour, and feeling aggrieved gave notice of appeal. The photographer sometimes has difficulties to contend with when " taking off a prisoner. One man whose portrait was in the book produced was represented in the act of executing a most comical wink, and a marginal note intimated lb at he had tried to spoil the likeness by contorting his features at the moment the Return was being taken. This Operates stated in yesterday's Herald the opera " L'Africaine " was produced on Thursday evening, at the Victoria Theatre, and performed with a considerable amount of success, when the great difficulties of the work are duly considered. The music is of the classic school, wherein peculiar harmonies are introduced, and phrases of singular beauty inserted bore and there to relieve what would otherwise prove tedious, except lathe cognoscenti. It has been paid that the Africaine is wanting in melody, and cannot, therefore, become very popular ; we venture to dissent from the first part of the assertion. There me some exquisite melodies introduced as solos, and in the concerted music, equal to any found in other operas, but they do not immediately strike the ear of the uninitiated The fault of the work is in the length of the recita- live in some portions of it; for instance whether be termed the "debate" in council respectingYasoodaGama,extraor- dinary as it is in the light of musical composition, is certainly a little wearisome, following as it does immediately on the beautiful romance, "Farewell calm flowing river;" and succeeded by the aria and chorus, " A miscreant, though you brand me." Much depends on the orchestra, and though we admit that the instrumentation was most creditably given, the demands of the composition require numbers, unexceptional talent, and a thorough acquaintance with the music. There may be also some difference of opinion on the campus, but in many instances they are suited to the wish of the vocalists, who take certain pass merge in the time best suited to them for expression-that is to say, slightly retarding the allegro or increasing the air disaster, as the case may be to a certain extent these deviations must be allowed, unless singing machines can be obtained. The three principal characters in the opera are Which de Gama, Selika, and Nelusko ; next in order come lees, Don Pedro, Don Alvaro, and the. Chief Brahmin. Mr. Beaumont appeared in the first-named part when it was produced in Sydney for the first time, and he then gave promise of a creditably rendering of it he has since that time improved on the crude conception and necessarily Forty study of the music, and now gives a more artistic and confidential tone to his performances of the part. Sit nora Zenoni has evidently caught the idea of Meyerbeer, and evidence of the fact is manifested in the "sleep song" of the second act, and in the concluding Men of the opera more particularly. It would be unjust to withhold from Signor (Jolly the merit due to his representation of Noluako, and his effort to render the musical the part with effect; he has given the only; idea of the character we have had in Australia, and it is a good one but it taxes his powers to the uttermost. Signora Coy as less, rigour Coy as Don Alvaro, and Signor Dondi in the dark parts of Don Pedro and the Chief Brahmin, got through their portions of the opera in such a manner as to contribute in a great degree to the success of the per forman co. Those portions of this fine work to which more prominent allusion may be made as standing out from the rest in point of excellence, are the splendid Applett at the end of the second act, almost without accompaniment by Signori Zanoni, Coy, and Tournerie, and Dondi, Coy, Coln a, and Beaumont; we scarcely remember to have heard so extremely difficult a composition given better, ; the " sleep song," by Zanoni, and the aria " Ever my Queen," by Celia, in the same sort, were also admirable pieces of vocalization. The fermenting " Unstained and bright our honour guarding," by Signora Coy and SIgnors ' Dondi and Tournerie, was creditable. The quartet and chorus " On the dawn " and the prayer immediately following " St. Dominick, Oh hear us," were the best in the third act, which represents a vessel's deck the tables at the end of this act is well arranged. The whole of the fourth act, in which is the grand chorus of Brahmins, was well per- formed-the situation and scenery are striking. In this act there is a duet, of the most elegant construction, very beautifully sang by Signora Bianchi and Mr. Beaumont, " Oh Queen, behold me at thy feet." Coliva, also in the same act, gave the most telling of his solos with considerable force. The chorus for the sopranos is rather weak, and the ballet decidedly so ; but the scenery and grouping of the characters in the fourth Mt, and also in the last, are very effective. This evening Offenbach's opera 'best, " Barbe Bleu," will be produced ; the music is very taking, and it will be placed on the stage with every regard to some effect, 