humble pie. Immediately after the conclusion of the investigation into the charge against Mr. Buck yesterday, Mr. H. Dobson, as solicitor for Mr. Buck, wrote the pro prietors of the Mercury , demanding an apology, with the alternative of an. action for libel, and this morning, the Mercury has confessed its sin against Mr. Buck, and now seeks absolution from public censure on account of its too precipitant efforts to vindicate female innocence. M r. Buck is exonerated from all blame, and the accusations made against him are acknowledged to ' have had no foundation in fact. So far as Mr. Buck is concerned, the official investiga tion into the alleged outrage relieves him from the grave responsibility which would have otherwise attached itself to one so specially commissioned as lie was. But we may be -permitted to enqnire by what process or mode of procedure has the favourable verdict been obtained? There is something inconsistent with our ideas of strict justice and fair dealing, when enquiries having a public bearing are prosecuted secretly. Even in this case, weare not informed, who the inter preter 'was who communicated between the judges and ' the accused. Was ho competent ? Did his knowledge of the German, Danish,and English languages, qualify him for the 'discharge of the important duties of an interpreter to a Court of Justice or enquiry ? We make no charges against Mr. Buck, but we cannot ignore the fact, that for some cause or other, he appears to be always misunderstood. Ah enquiry, the nature of which still remains a secret to the public, followed the arrival of the vessel he lately came here in as German Immi gration Agent and Consul General. Why not make the result of this inquiry with the evidence, public? All must ultimately become public through Par liament. On inquiry this morning we were informed that, in relation to the statement saying that the report was on, good authority, Pinchetti, the man who laid the charge, was not a bounty immi grant. Being refused on the ground of ineligibility, he worked h.s passage out on his own account, with a young per son wnom he entered on the ship's fist as his wife. The charge was laid by this person unsupported by any collateral evidence. Pinchetti did not at the time of the alleged outrage even take the trouble to call the person in charge of the immigrant s, or her husband. The whole of the. evidence was this one man's un supported statement, and- the current report in the city emanating from the same source. Why did not the Mer cury wait the result of the inquiry which they kpew was about to he instituted, or apply to the two gentlemen who were with Mr. Buck. On ' Monday we will publish some correspondence on this subject. 