Orrs. English Inend« must (bink ut a «(Tange lot of people in Queensland. We find the Church Bcviea of 20th July extraots " from a Queensland paper," an article on Church doings some months ago at Mackay, when, it will be recollected, the clergyman injudiciously sub- mitted a tariff of charges for his ghostly ministrations. Os Tuesday, it will ba recollected that wo Adverted to the prevailing anxiety at the con- tinued absence of Ur. Ballard, Engineer-in Chief, G.N.E. On the same day a telegram was received in town intimating his intention to start for this port yesterday per " Lady Bowen," e. This is sstisfactory news, and we shall now hope, in a very few weeks, to see tenders invited for the first eeotion of our railway. Tm hiring of the immigrante per " Shakes, pere has proceeded briskly during the past two days, and there ia little doubt that the whole shipload will meet epeedy engagements. The wages obtained are higher than is usually given to German and Danish immigrants, as their non acquaintance with our language is a great draw- back to their usefulness. The current wages at the dep6t appear to be £50 a-year for married couples, and 16s. per week for singlo men, with rations. EARLY on Tuesday morning a gentle raia set ia, and continued for some hours. It held up during the day, and at night again sot in. Tho ra in fal at Rockhampton for the twenty four hours ending yesterday at 9 a.m., was 0'4S inch, and probably the whole amount since Mon- day has been about 0 76-inch- too little to be or much service. Last night the weather partially cleared, but there were again some showers during the night. Tho good old practice of publishing the rainfal from the various stations seems to hare been discontinued here, for in reply to an inquiry at the Telegraph Office yesterday, we were told that there were no returns from Springsare or Clermont, THE arrival in this town of a clever portrait painter is an event worthy of notice. The artist is Mr. Chauney, who has established his reputation among the metropolitana by painting, - in oil, about a hundred portraits of the leading people of Brisbane. Two specimens of his art are shown by Mr. Chauncy, in the form of portraits of the late Governor Blackall, one being a bust, and the other a full length portrait in official uniform. The latter has the merit of having been painted after death, and it must be pronounced, notwithstanding the difficulty thus imposed upon the artist, to be a good portrait. Mr. Chauncy's pictures form handsome orna- ments, and neither fading, wearing out, nor going out of fashion, will last their owner's lifetime. His fee, the quality of his work con- sidered, must be pronounced very reasonable. The specimen pictures may be seen in the large room at the Leichhardt Botel. TBS Central and Northern districts of Queensland may well be congratulated upon the marled decrease of crime which their Court records exhibit within the past twelve months. For the Circuit Court which ' opened yesterday, there was but ono criminal trial, and that Was adjourned till Friday morning on tho application of the Crown Prosecutor, on the ground that a material witness had not arrived from the North. The Civil business also is light, there being only three causes for trial. One of these occupied tho whole of yesterday, nnd was not concluded when the Court rose. Thero ia every prospect, howorer, that tho business, both civil and criminal, will be completed on Friday. It may hero be mentioned that His Honor the Chief Justice arrived por "farra Tarra" just bororo ten o'clock on Tuesday ; that he drove ! straight from the wharf to tho Court-house, took his scat on the bonoh, and formally adjourned the Court until yesterday. A EBTOBT being in circulation yesterday that the boiler of the Government steamer "Maty" was in an unsafe condition, aud that the inen on board wero in constant terror of their lire»! wo made inquiries, the result of which may be reassuring to the public. Our informant states that the "Mary's" certificate expired on the 28th ultimo, and that her boiler is known to be out of repair. It has, in fact, a weak plate in tho bottom, bot we ara assured that there is no : danger of an explosion, aa the worst that could happen would merely bring the boat to a sudden stop. But for the pressure of work of late in connection with the" Polmaiso" and "Shakes poro," the " Mary " jwVfiffl hare been laid up Tor repairs It ie declared that no risk ii incurred by running ber for a few days. She clarted yesterday afternoon for the " Polmaise," to help in raising the punt-load of salt which sank about o week since. We hope the " Mary " will bs laid up immediately on her return, as it would be particularly unfortunate if tho first case of o stoam-bont boiler explosion should occur in a vessel the property of and controlled by the Government. The very idea of Buch an accident on Monday, when there were over 300 souls on board, makes nervous people feel very uncomfortable. WE understand that a private letter just reoeived in town from Mr. Daintree, oar inde- fatigable Agent-General tn London, announces that gentleman's intention to start immediately on a lecturing tour through the United King- dom. This goes to oonOrra the gcueral impres- sion that Mr. Daintree is eminently fitted for bis office. His services in making known the. mineral resources of the colony in London cannot be fairly disparaged, and now bo ts about to show what he can do in educating the pro. rinciali. Complaint has been made that Mr. Daintree bas confined his labours far some months past to the International Exhibition, but we think all reasonable popple will admit that he noted wisely in tint matter. Moreover, the lately repealed Immigratiin Act was ad- mitted by politicians of all abades of opinion to be unworkable. Mr. Daintree also was aware that legislation upon the subject wa« in progress, and be naturally abstained Tram lecturing until in feimpt of the amended Ant. That Act went home by the August mail, and we haro much confidence that Mr. Daintreo will turn it to the best possible oocouut. He moy not feel plast- ically ogual to a pedestrian journey through Great Britain and Ireland, but perhaps ho may serre the colony more effectively by taking advantage of express trains than he could be expocted to do with the aid of shanks' pony alone. In theso days time is money, and the Agent-General for Queensland can surely better employ his time than by performing feats of pedestrianism, as fae has been requested to do by some of his adverse critics. j 