PUBLISHED DAILY. S AT all DAY, AUGUST 3, 1872. The Redistribution Bill is passing rapidly through the Legislative Council who exhibit a rather timid hesitancy in dealing with its provisions It is supposed, or said to be supposed, that the Council should not meddle with matters connected with the Constitution and privileges of the Lower House, but why we have not yet heard Apart from the privileges conferred by the laws which called it into being-pin lieges connected with the initia- lion of money bills and the regulation of its own internal management-the Legislative Assembly is a portion of the Government of the colony as the Legislative Council is a portion, and both exist for the good of the community. It is the duty of the Council within the limits prescribed by law, to deal with all matters which the interests and rights of the community are involved, and there is no question which more closely affects these than that of the ' just and adequate representation of the people Whenever the Assembly fails to exhibit this, it to the extent to which it does so far, falls short of the real primary object of its existence, and if the Council could at any time avert the recurrence of such an evil it would not only keeping within the prescribed limits-be discharging a duty legitimately its own, but meating the thanks of the constituencies for doing it However this may be we imagine that the bill will go through the Council pretty much as it left the Assembly-a bundle of inconsistencies, having a prospective action which by the time that action comes into force will be inoperative for the end pro- fessedly in view That end was a lan distribution of representative power on a basis partly of adult male and partly of mixed population in twelve months from this time the balance adopted from a census already nearly twelve months old will no longer exist There will be new and active centres of population in vigorous activity not dreamed of in last September, and some of the old ones will be sadly shorn of the numbers which gave them weight then The rapid development of new industries, and the in flux of immigration which that development renders even now imperatively necessary, will make quick work of the applicability of last year's calculations It is not too much to say that, if nothing is done before the first work of the newly constituted Parliament will be its own reconstitution The principle embodied in Mr LILLEY'S amendments which so excited the of late easily excited ne of the Premier, is one which such a state of things lenders of very great importance It has vitality and an ever increasing vitality-in itself, arising from its direct appositeness to the circumstances of the times And that principle is simply this That under known and definite conditions the progress of the people shall be the gauge of then representative power It will not be denied, we presume that as and where! population and settlement increases so representation should increase also If it is, then Mr PALMERS bill was an absurd waste of ingenuity, for its ultimate basis was in reality that, whether he knew or his supporters admitted it or not "Where the conditions exist to admit of the rate of increase being easily ascertained when ever the limit prescribed by law it reached, the consequence should naturally and irresistibly follow Special legislation in such a case is a more piece of supererogation if right, for it simply then says that what ought to be done shall be done-if wrong, it is an injustice to those on whom the consequence of en or falls If in the lapse of timeanelectoraldistnct doubles in population its constitutional right to increased representation is not affected by a Parliamentary declaration that it ought to have that right. The right is there, lying at the foundation, and intertwined with the very roots of the representative system. And when its exercise is simplified, so as to bring it into easy and efficient operation, the working of Representative Government receives a help which must assist the whole machinery of legislation. In the first place, danger of collision between a self-prescribed House and a dis- contented set of constituencies would be avoided. Representative bodies who are esteemed by their nominal electors not really to represent them, lose half their weight and great part of their value. In the next place, the waste of time necessarily involved in the continuous patchings which a growing community renders necessary in the representative system would be obviated. Rival factions would have one of the most dangerous levers available in factious disputes taken from them, and the exasperating contentions, mischievous to our prosperity and alien to the real spirit of our laws, for the preservation of an unfair preponder- ance to an interest accidentally dominant for the hour, would be swept away. The respective importance of the several interests which go to compose our community would find their own level. It is impossible to overrate the advantage that would follow to real legislation from the removal of such evils as we have described. Men would be less anxious to clutch at power than to exercise it justly for upon this last would depend to a far greater extent than it does or can do now that confidence by the electors, which is the essential preliminary to the possession of the Parliamentary position coveted too often solely for the power it brings or may bring. We are somewhat amused by the inconsistencies of the opponents of this principle. Mr. WIENHOLT, for instance, holds up his hands in horror at the idea of a Legislative Assembly voting payment to its members, but he is in ecstasies over a system which permits that Assembly not merely to play at chuck-farthing with the division of the preliminary power of electing them, but to perpetuate their own seats, while pro- fessing to effect an immediate and pressing reform. Some of these gentlemen have an aversion to class legislation ; but they very contentedly combine to prevent the operation of a principle which would strike at the root of its undue preponderance. As to the objections on the details, they refused each other. One refused to the Governor in-Council the exercise of a power which in reality, though the application varies, he may be called upon to bring into action to-morrow. Another protested against the Speaker having anything to do with such machinery, because he was only an officer of the House. What they were really afraid of was the equity of the principle of not, why not assist to remedy any defects in the detail ? Sixteen out of two and thirty gentlemen sitting under a given title, assumed the power, in virtue of their supposed greater competency, to deal for years to come with the electoral rights and privileges of the many thousands comprising many hundreds possessing at least equal qualifications for dealing with such a question with themselves, Mr. PALMER viewed the settlement as one likely to last for years. Whoever before heard of a quasi permanent settlement based on conditions inherently changeable and certain to change. Was it he who fixed the weathercock and then swore stoutly the wind always blew from the north ? We are satisfied that the principle embodied in Mr. LILLEY'S amendments is one that will steadily improve in the acceptance of the people. To gentlemen of the sort who smother their own real convictions under combinations of interest always suspicious, sometimes corrupt, this may not be pleasant, but the minority who voted in favor of the amendment was significant enough to give hope of a majority when the question next comes before Parliament. Whatever may be the exact form which the details may ultimately assume, the principle has taken root, and the more it is discussed the more valuable it will be found to be. Profound thinkers and practical politicians have both investigated it, and given it their adhesion ; conservatives like Guizox, moderate philosophers like FAWCETT, logicians of the calibre of MILL are amongst its strongest advocates. Nor- is it the least efficient answer to its opponents that in the Danish Kingdom it has been for years in actual and b beneficial working. But, says Mr. THOMPSON, " it is not practicable." Why ? Is it because that which is confessedly imperfect has been long practised that no reform shall be attempted ? Why not practicable ? Because the very evils it is devised to remedy have rendered it difficult ? "I know," exclaimed a very great statesman on a very weighty occasion-" I know it is common for men to say such-and-such things are perfectly right-very desirable, but that unfortunately they are not practicable. No ! sir, no ! Those things which are not practicable are not desirable. There is nothing in the world really beneficial that does not lie within the reach of an informed understanding and a well directed pursuit." Will anyone say that a self-adjusting system of representation would not be really beneficial ? If such a person does exist we must find refuge in the wisdom of SOLOMON, ." See'st thou a man wise in his own conceit there is more hope of folly than of him." We glean the following from the Rockhampton papers received yesterday The Bulletin argues that the Northern railway might be commenced at once, as money could be raised by selling a portion of the debentures in the Australian market. Our contemporary forgets that the plans and specifications have to be laid be- fore Parliament before the work can be begun. -Mr. George Barnard has been appointed pound-keeper at Rockhampton The employés at the Central Queensland Meat Preserving Works, Lake's Creek, have presented a valedictory address, accompanied by diamond rings, to Mr. C. H. Allen and wife. Mr. Allen was the company's manager, and has been succeeded by Mr. Thomas Archer -The scarcity of labor is becoming a subject for anxiety. By a late steamer a squatter from the Burnett district came to Rockhampton via Maryborough for shepherds. THE Brisbane portion of the settling over the Gympie races is announced to take place at the Australian Hotel, at the usual hour this evening. 