(EorresyouTjeuce, IMMIGRATION. To the Editoe of the Northern Argus. Dear Sik, — Some time ago I rend in your paper an able article on immigration, in which you dwelt strongly on the necessity of increasing the population, and remarked it would be to'the advantage of the colony not only to encourage emigration from Groat jjritain ana uermuny, out, aiso, irom osner iiuropean States ;in theory no doubtit is quite correct, but French > Spaniards, nnd, perhaps, the most useful Northern Italians, do not liko to leave their country, change their habits, nor learn any other languages. English, Scandinavians, and German people of the same origin leave their homes, not through waut of patriotism, but, becauso they take a business like view of the' matter, nnd see that they enn better their position, and, in many instances, for the solo reason of providing better for those dependent on them. ' I read in this day's papers a speech of the Premier (Mr. Palmer), remarking that great difficulty, is ex perienced in England in procuring immigrants ore account of the high wages ruling there ; that may be correct or not, but it appears by home accounts that never before 60 many immigrants left Ireland and England for the United States. , However, I will coniino myselt simply to fho so- called German immigration, and certainly Germany has never been more prosperous than at present, public and private works of great magnitude 'are car ried out, and wages rule there so. high that thousands of Danes and Swedes find employment in Northern Germany and settle in the country, whilo the Ger mans emigrate in increasing numbers to the States, Canada, nnd Brazil, and these linvo all to pay their owu passages and take capital with thorn, 'while Quoenalnud pays aud lately certainly receives some good Danish and Swedish immigrants, but very few Germnns, nnd these mostlynotdesirnblc people, mostly different from the Germans who used' formerly to come to the Australian colonies. The cnuso is very simple: in the. first place, the Government of Queensland have, through former broaches of promise (land orders) earned a bad name ; secondly, no proper publicity is given, whilo the leading Hamburg paper is always full of infor mation about the States, La Plntn, Brazil, &c.;, nnd of ships going to these places ; there is never an ad vertisement nbont Queensland, nothing about rates of I passage, or where an intending emigrant able to pay his own passage, can got information, oxcopting tlio enclosed short notico : — i Nnuh Queensland, in Australion.— BefiSoru am It en April Dieuf tmttdehon f Ur 10$ 8sqr. fowio laud- . i lento gegen Borfehuz dor passage. Louis Knorr k Co., Bnumwall 2. , , Which reads translated : — To Queensland, .in Australia.— Fomilo servants are forwarded ou tho 4th April, against paymout , of 10 dollars 3 sqr. (about 80s. English) also ' form labourers. ' (Signed) Louis Knomi k Co., Bnumwall. ' Now, whon.tlio same paper is full of advertisements' for servants wanted, and notices from tho labour offices, " a now lot of good Swedish servants arrived," is it likely that a good sorvant who can earn fair wages in Germany will leave there . and pay 30s. to come to Queensland ? Tho last ship brought, with otliors, ono old infirm man, sinco dead, another cripple uowiu Rockhampton, and a third poor fellow unfit for work, with a young family, which will boa burthen to the - cqlony that has paid their passage. , _ In conversing with some of these immigrants, it comes out that so aud so did no good lit home, and that his friends paid 10 or 15 dollars to tlio sliipping agent to get him off to Queensland — the man Mnt- tliows, convicted the second time for larceny last week (from Frankfort), was one of that class. The fact is, that tho colony pays a heavy premium in order to get undesirable Germans, and curiclies a' Hamburg shipowner, whilo good people could bo got at little or no expense. If you think these remarks deserve space in your . paper, i shall bo glad to offer a few suggestions as to tho means by which a bettor clnss of Gorman Lnmi- grants can. bo induced to como to Queensland (at thMr men, expense). Files of the leading Hamburg papers i hold at your disposal. Yours faithfully. OBSERVER. 