DANES AND NORWEGIANS. ' TO THB EBITCm OP THB HERALD. . Sm,-In the Herald of 14th September appears a para« graph headed " Danish and Norwegian Immigrants." It contains a copy ot a letter said to have been written by a Mr. Balcombe to the Minister of Public Works in New Zealand. Mr. Halcombe praises the Norwegians and dis- parages the Danes, and contrasts the oonduot of the two nationalities at Masterton Camp. I have not been at Masterton Camp, and I do not know anything about the proceedings there. If Mr. Halcombe bad confined himself to a statement of what ha had, observed there, I should not have troubled you with this, but at the end of his letter he gooB on to say " The mixed emigration of Norwegians and Danes ie a mistake, in consequence of the existence of a very bitter national feeling ot animosity between them." As a mem- ber of one of the nationalities in question, I cannot allow snch a statement to pass uncontradicted. That a very bitter national feeling of animosity exists between Danes and Norwegians is entirely untrue, and I cannot think for what purpose snob, a statement should have boen made. The Germans have for many years tried to create dis- trust and ill-feeling between the Scandinavian nations; and in 1864, just before the war, they were only too suc- cessful in prevailing on the Swedish Government to break off the negotiations with Denmark for an alliance, offensive and defensive, which was on tho point of being concluded. When the Congress of Vienna in its wisdom decided that Denmark was to be punished with the loss ot Norway, for having declined to ally herself with the power who bad stolen her fleet, tho Norwegians refused to be transferred to Sweden, and desired to remain with Denmark, Tho King of Denmark was, of coureo, obliged to renounce their allegiance, and they tried then to establish Norway as an independent kingdom. As their King, they chose the Crown Prince of Denmark. That did not look as if any bitter feeling of national animosity existed, and since then, although no longer under the same Government, tho two pooplo havo been drawn, closer and closor together ; and tho Scandinavian party, which, you are no doubt awaro, is in favour of reuniting the threo kingdoms under one Government, is daily gain- ing moro and more adherents. Some time ago there was a bill before the Danish Bigs dag (Parliament) to provide that Norwegians and Swedes should, without naturalization, have tho same privileges in Denmark as the natives, I am not aware if the bill passed and became law ; but merely that such a measure should have been under consideration, shows that no animosity can exist, but, on the contrary, the greatest friendship and brotherhood. When Norwegians and Danes meet in a foreign country, thoy always consider eaoh other as countrymen, as it is natural they should, spoaking tho same language, having tho same ideas and customs, and descending from the same ancestors,-both countries having the same" Sagas," traditions,and the same glorious history. When the Germans invaded Denmark in 1849, and again in 18C4, large numbers of Norwegians and Swedes hastened to place themselves in the ranks of the Danish army, and many of them gave their lives in defence of tho sister nation. I am, Sir, yours faithfully, U.S. Sydney, 20th September. 