SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Since the date of our last summary the progress of events in the world of politics has been remarkably quiet, and, for the most part, of a satisfactory cha- racter. A fair amount of work has been done, and at present there appears some probability that the session will be brought to a close within a reasonable period, and that the result of its labours will be beneficial. Up to the present time the Ministry, upon every division which has taken place, has commanded not merely a fair working, but a large majority; and, judging from appear- ances, there seems no likelihood that any attempt will be made to disturb it until an entirely new party has been formed in opposition. The Treasurer made his financial statement upon the 16th of last month. It was well received, the criticism to which it was subjected was of a very tame description, and no attempt was made to move an adverse vote. The gross revenue for the present year, in- cluding the balance from the preceding twelve months, was estimated at £3,717,155, and the proposed expendi- ture at £3,708,938, leaving a balance of £8,217 to be carried to the credit of the following year. Those of our home readers who take an interest in Victoria will perhaps be somewhat surprised at the large increase in the expenditure of the colony which during the last few years has taken place. It will, however, be satisfactory to them to know that this circumstance has not been brought about by any extravagant expenditure in the actual government of the colony. It is principally to be attributed to the fact that a largely increased sum of money has been borrowed for repro- ductive works, and of course a muoh larger amount of interest has to be paid. Besides .this, £200,000 per annum has been set apart out of the ordinary re- venue for railway purposes. The only novel proposition put forward by the Treasurer was that a loan of one million sterling should bo negotiated in order that further progress might be made with necessary reproductive works. It seems that an additional sum of £45,000 is required for the new Graving Dock, £171,500 for a second main from the Yan Yean to the Preston reservoir, and for tho further extension of the water supply to Mel- bourne and the suburbs—the Yan Yean works now pay 8 per cent. on the amount originally expended upon them —£120,000 for the erection of new law courts, £300,000 for the completion of the Coliban water scheme, £40,000 for the completion of the Geelong water- works, and some £200,000 to assist local bodies in obtaining an adequate water supply The balance of the loan it is proposed to expend in finishing a few of our unfinished national buildings. It is expected that the bill authorising the loan will be laid before the Legislative Assembly in about a fortnight. The scheme appears to be well received. It is proposed to raise the amount by the issue of In- scribed stock bearing interest at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum. The issue will in effect be a series of Government debentures, not transferable in the same manner as ordinary documents of the kind. Some half a million of trust funds will be invested in these Government securities ; and if the proposition receives the sanction of the Legislature, a very material change will most probably take place in all the financial arrangements of the colony. In consequence of the reports received from English, engineers and others, the Government recommended that with regard to the railway extensions already decided upon there should be no break of gauge, and the recommendation was carried in the Legislative Assembly by a majority of 42 to 10. It was afterwards assented to by the Council, The lines between Castlemaine and Maryborough, Ballarat and Ararat, and Ballarat and Maryborough, will all be proceeded with as rapidly as possible. It is not likely that any other new lines will be proposed during the present session, but preliminary surveys will be made in order that no delay may arise next year. During this week the Government will announce their determination with regard to the subsidy of private lines, and enough has transpired to justify the anticipation that the Cabinet will decide against such a policy. The reasoning which has directed such a conclusion is somewhat as follows. A proposed line will cost say £5,000 a mile. If constructed, it will not pay the proper per-centage on the cost, independent of working ex- penses. A company offers to construct the line upon receiving a subsidy in land, or perhaps money, of say one-half or one-third of the cost. But if the line will pay such interest as Govern- ment debentures can be sold at for the remainder of the capital which the company would have to provide in- dependently of the Government subsidy, then it is argued that the state would do far better and would lose no more by the Government constructing the line itself, and thus retaining the whole of the national railways within the control of the representatives of the People. If this policy be essentially determined upon, then the purchase of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Com- pany's line must follow almost as a matter of course. The Government will shortly present to Parliament propositions for rfew postal services. This course is rendered absolutely necessary by the compara- tively near approach of the termination of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's contract. The precise nature of the intentions of the Government has not, yet transpired, but to-day the Ministry intend to submit to the Legislative Assembly the contract provisionally entered into by the Duffy Administra- tion with regard to a line via New Zealand and California. This course will be taken because one of the clauses of that contract seems to render such a submission impera- tive. The proposed arrangement will therefore be considered only with a view to its rejection. A singular circum- stance came to light a few days since with regard to this contract. Just be- fore Mr. Duffy left office he received a communication from the agent-general, stating that he had learned from the Chancellor of the Exchequer it was probable that the Imperial Govern- ment would grant a subsidy of £20,000 towards this mail route. The letter was marked "private," and Mr. Duffy did not inform the present Chief Secretary of its contents, although he admitted it had been addressed to him under the belief that he was still Chief Secretary of the colony. The in- formation leaked out in an accidental manner, and it appeared that, although Mr. Duffy was so scrupulous as not to inform the Chief Secretary of its con- tents, he had no hesitation in reading it out for the delectation of about a dozen political adherents, In former summaries we have alluded to the Times and Mines scandal, and it is now sufficient to state that a select committee of the Legislative Assembly has been appointed to Inquire into the whole affair. The actual progress made with tho several measures before Parliament will be found on reference to a résumé of the proceedings of both Houses which ap pears elsewhere. SOCIAL. The month baa not been an eventful ono, and the dulness "which always belongs to this period of the year has been intensified by the unusual severity of the season, which, ia some patts of the colony, has resembled an English more than an Australian winter. The public is bearing very patiently the continued delay in the opening of telegraphic communication with England. If we had already enjoyed the advantages of regalar telegraphic inter course with the home country, no doubt tho breakdown of tho cable would have been severely felt, but, as it is, the disappointment is being endured by most people with wonder- ful equanimity. The circumstance that per haps canses the most annoyance is the want of information as to what has really happened to the cable. The information received b; the Adelaide Government last month from Fort Darwin was that "faint signals" could be obtained from Java from time to time, and it was presumed that the cable was in tht condition known as leaky. Now, however, a private letter received by a business firm in Melbourne from a correspondent at Batavia, dated Juno 29, states that the sea line had been brokon near Sandalwood Island, and that the Investigator steamer was about to leave for the purpose of picking it up and repairing it. At all events, the injury which the cable has sustained must, it is felt, be oi a serious nature, or such a prolonged delà) would not have occurred. Somehow or other it became rumoured in Melbourne a short time ago that, in view oi the early expiry of Viscount Canterbury'» period of service as Governor of Victoria, His Excellency had applied to the Colonial Office for an extension of his governorship for two years. Thero was, however, no truth in the roport. Lord Canterbury has made no such application to the Colonial Secretary. Ko communication has yet been received from home as to His Excellency's successor, although his period of service terminates on the 15th inst, but in the event of Lord Can terbury not being requested to remain, it is regarded in well-informed quarters as not improbable that Sir George Bowen, the pre- sent Governor of New Zealand, will be pro moted to the governorship of Victoria. Lord Canterbury is still in complete ignorance of the intentions of the Colonial Office with reference to the governorship, and will, it is believed, remain in Victoria until some posi- tive information is received. By the last English mail intelligence was brought of the death of General Carey The telegram containing the announce- ment gave no particulars, but it is pre sumed that the deceased officer is Major General George Jackson Carey, CB. Gene- ral Carey was early settled ia the Cape, and for many years held a commission in the Cape Mounted Billes, with which corps he saw some service in the Kaffir war, and was awarded a medal. He subsequently exchanged into the ISth Royal Irish. He rose very rapidly in promotion, and when the regiment was in Now Zealand, in 1862-3, General, then Colonel, Carey was in command at Papakura as a brigadier, and subsequently at Orakau, when the Maori force broke through the 40th lines. Shortly afterwards General Carey arrived in this colony as commander of the forces, and upon the recall of Sir Charles Darling became for, a short period Acting Governor, during which time he succeeded in securing the respect and esteem of all classes of the community, and upon his departure for England a special resolution was passed by the Legislature acknowledging his services, and requesting that such acknowledgment migbt meet with due consideration from the home authorities. Arrangements have been made to hold the Melbourne Exhibition for the present year in the great hall which was erected for the Intercolonial and Paris Exhibition of 1866 7. The great hall is better adapted for an exhi- bition than any other building which could be found in Melbourne, and the only obstacle which had come in the way of the commis- sioners has thus been removed. It is early almost to speculate as to how the exhibition will turn out, but as exhibitors will have the opportunity of showing their goods both in Melbourne and London, a large and valuablo collection of colonial products is likely to be got together. The board appointed to inquire into the state of the water supply of Melbourne has sent in its report to the Government, A very full investigation has been made into the capacity of the Yan Yean Reservoir and the mains, as well as into the causes of the short supply which occurred on several days last summer. It seems that the reservoir is equal to the requirements of more than the present number of inhabitants, of say 200,000. By the diversion of one or two small streams the supply could be made sufficient for half as many more. The board do not recommend any present extension of the means of supply, but they nevertheless explain how the capacity of the existing works may be considerably enlarged. The reservoir even during the summer months has always been nearly full, but the mains at present laid down are not capable of bringing into Melbourne more than 12,000,000gal. of water per diem. By laying down, however, an additional main from the Yan Yean to the service reservoir at Preston, at a cost of £140,000, the supply can be increased to 8,000,000gal. per day, which it is believed will be sufficient for the wants of Melbourne and the suburbs for many years to oome. With the existing mains the supply would have been adequate last summer had it not been for the waste which took place. This is to be checked in future by a house to house visitation of inspectors, while other stringent regulations are sought to be enforced in a bill which has passed through the Upper House. The measure, however, contains many harsh and unjust provisions, and is not likely to be sanctioned by the Assembly in its present form. Owing to the easy state of the money market, capitalists, it has been discovered, have been placing their money at 4 per cent, interest in the post- office savings-banks, which were established by the Government for the special benefit of the poorer classes. It does not pay the state to carry on these institutions, but it is considered worth while to incur a little loss for the sake of en- couraging and promoting habits of saving amongst the people. It was never intended, however, that men with large means should take advantage of the system,and a regulation has been made to the effect that no interest shall be payable on deposits of £250 and upwards. The annual ball given by His Excellency tho Governor and Viscountess Canterbury in celebration of Her Majesty's birthday, which had to be postponed this yoar in con- sequence of the death of a relative of His Excellency, took place at Government-house, Toorak, on the 24th July. The company numbered upwards of 1,000, and the rooms of the gubernatorial residence being in- adequate to the accommodation of so many guests, some temporary alterations and additions had tobe made. Even then there was not too much accommodation, but the comfort of the guests was cored for in every possible way, and the ball proved a very enjoyable one. At last our old and worn out silver coin is being replaced by a new issue. The Imperial Government has sent out £12,000 worth of new silver coin, which is being exchanged at tho Mint for tho worn and defaced currency. New coin is given for worn coin to the extent of the full nominal value of the latter, the loss being borne by the Imperial Government. The Mint only exchanges with the banks, as it is considered probable that all, or nearly all, tho worn coin in circulation will gradually come into their coffers ; and of course the banks can have no great objection to receiving it now that tbey can get good coin for it from the Mint. During the few days in which this arrangement has come into force new silver coin to the value of £3,955 has been issued by the Mint authorities in exchange for defaced coin of the same nominal value. The value of the sovereigns issued from tho Mint up to the present time is £241,000. An event which had been looked forward to for a long time as an occasion of much satisfaction and enjoyment has taken place under disappointing circumstances. The Town-hall organ, which bad been imported by the City Corporation at a cost, including all charges, of nearly £7,000, was opened on the 8th instant, when a concert was given by the mayor of Melbourne, in aid of the charitable institutions of the city. Mr. Fenwick, how- ever, appears to have been ill advised in the affair, and an entertainment was announced which did not prove of an attractive charac ter. Instead of organising a sort of musical festival, as had been suggested, he simply engaged Mr. David Lee to play the organ, and a few vocalists to sing solos. A similar entertainment was given on the 10th inst, and, with singularly bad taste, the nights se- lected were those on which the lessees of the opera had announced performances for their benefit. Public feeling was altogether on the side of Messrs. Lyster and Cagli, the lessees, and the Town-hall concerts were given in only a half filled building. As far as the organ is concerned, there is no disap pointment felt. It is certainly a very noble Instrument, and gives promise of many a treat to come. Several additional concerts are already announced, and amongst them a performance of the " Messiah" by the Phil- harmonic Society on Wednesday, and a grand entertainment on Saturday, under the direc tion of Messrs. Lyster and Cagli. On this occasion the organ will be heard with a chorus of 500 voices, and the principal mem bers of the Italian Opera Company will take part in the entertainment. With reference to the future management of the organ, it has been decided by the City Corporation to invite applications for the office of organist, the salary being fixed at £150 per annum. His duties will be the giving of 52 performances yearly, additional performances to be paid for at the rate of £3 each. The care of the organ is to be entrusted to Mr. Mackenzie, who was sent out by Messrs. Hill and Co. to erect the instrument, and who will receive a salary of £120 per annum. The council has resolved to present an illuminated address to Mr. F. J. Sargood, in acknowledgement of the gratui tous services rendered by him in London in connexion with the organ. It has been announced in Parliament that as soon as possible tenders will be accepted for the first sections of the Castlemaine and Maryborough line and the Ballarat and Ararat line ; and as soon as the survey has been completed, tenders for the first sections of the Ballarat and Maryborough line. It is the intention of the Government to proceed with all these lines as rapidly as possible. The Government has also bad under considera- tion the course it should take with regard to the applications which have been made for assistance in the shape of land or subsidies for private lines of railway, Such as the pro- posed one from Portland to Coleraine, and that from Ararat to Hamilton. No definite decision has yet been arrived at, but it is more than probable that the Government will decide to make these lines themselves, in order to have the whole of tho Victorian lines under the control of the state. Should this policy be decided upon, the purchase of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway must almost necessarily follow. The Government has resolved upon a very judicious course in order to make our volun- teers and local artillery force thoroughly efficient. They have determined to send Captain Snee to England for 12 months, in order that ho may become thoroughly con- versant with all the recent improvements in the science of artillery and other modern advances in tho art of warfare. Captain Snee is thoroughly acquainted with the require- ments of the colony ; he knows what has been done hero, and what material we have at our command. Conducting all his obser- vations at home with an accurate apprecia- tion of what the colony wants and what the colony can do, his visit to England should result in most important advantages to our local forces. As was expected, the lengthy labours of the Diphtheria Commission, the extraordinary composition of which was explained at the time of its appointment, have resulted in nothing. A long report, accompanied by voluminous evidenco, has been placed in the hands of tho Government, but nothing new on the subject has been made'known. The chief point in this report is, that the inhala- tion of the fumes of burning sulphur is efficacious in the treatment of the disease, but this, it need not be pointed out, is not new information. A valuable paper on "The Introduction of Diphtheria into Victoria," contributed by Mr. W. Thomson to the Australian Medical Journal, has shown how much better it would have been if the Government had entrusted the investigation of the subject to men of scientific attain- ments. General regret has been felt in the colony at the death of the Rev. Dr. Norman Macleod. His writings had secured for him the admira- tion and esteem of many, while to some he had in former years been personally known. His admirable qualities have been glowingly described by the Rev. P. S. Menzies, of Scots' Church, who, in an eloquent eulogium delivered at the close of the ordinary services of the church, said :-" It is with a feeling of inexpressible regret, indeed of acute personal loss, chastened only by remembrance of the glory to which he has entered, that I have to mention at the close of these exercises the name of one whose genius, whose piety, whose beautiful humanity, whose large loving sympathies, whose eminent as well as versatile abilities, were an ornament to his country, and gave him a hold over the family and the religious life of Scotland which will sensibly affect the whole coming generation. Ney, not of Scotland only, but of the entire world that can speak or read the English tongue." He further said of the deceased writer and preacher:-"Norman Macleod was beyond all contradiction the greatest churchman whom Scotland has produced since Dr. Chalmors, and with the solitary exception of Thomas Carlylo, the greatest Scotchman of the last quarter of a century." The conference of religious denominations, called together to considor the question of state education, has again met and adopted a series of resolutions on tho subject. It was agreed to waive the question as to whether the establishment of a uniform system of public instruction was right and expedient ; but in the event of such a system being introduced, tho conference submits certain principles for its administration. The chief of these are as follow :-"Subject to general rules, the management of public schools (including the appointment and dismissal of teachers) should be under local control. Sub- ject to a restriction that four hours in each school day shall be reserved- for secular instruction, the teacher should not be pro- hibited from giving religious instruction, under the direction of tho district board or local committee ; and that board, or com- mittee, should also make arrangements for giving admission during one of the school hours to ministers of religion, or represen- tatives of religious denominations, for the purpose of imparting such instruction-no child whose parents objected being obliged to be present when that instruction was given. The instruction given in public schools should not be merely elementary, and there should not be any distinction (in respect of the kind or measure of the instruction given) between free and paying scholars. If the instruction given in public schools be altogether free, the salaries of teachers should not be paid wholly out of the public revenue, but in part, at least, by local rates. It being obligatory on all parents to have their children instructed, provision should be made to enforce that obligation. No new denominational schools should be established." These resolutions were presented to the Chief Secretary by a deputa- tion headed by the bishop of Melbourne, and Mr. Francis promised that they should receive careful consideration by the Government in framing the Education Bill. ' The lectures at the Technological Museum on scientific and useful subjects are being continued. The last lecturer was Dr. Neild, ! whose topic was "Dirt and Disease." After dwelling upon the vast importance of the sanitary question as affecting the physical and moral well-being of the community, he proceeded to refer to the reckless manner in which many of the laws'of hygiene were broken in this colony, and to substantiate by numerous examples the close alliance that existed between dirt and disease. He attri- buted the neglect and apathy of the people to ignorance, and contended that no real sani- tary improvement would be effected without enlisting the intelligent support of the inhabitants at large, and to do that, he argued, it was necessary to make them acquainted with the real dangers they ran by the continued neglect of the laws of nature. The subject is to be followed up at an early date by a lecture by Mr. Thomson, " On the Germ Theory of Disease and Disinfec- tants." In acclimatisation there is some little pro- gress to record. The successful acclimatisation of the brown trout in the district waters of Ballarat has been placed beyond doubt. In August last the Tasmanian salmon commis- sioners forwarded to the Ballarat Fish Accli- matisation Society a quantity of ova, which was distributed in the district. Recently, an examination of a pond at Ereildoun, on the estate of Mr. S. L. Learmonth, was made, when trout were discovered from 8in. to 9in in length. It is believed that there are larger fish still in some of tho other Ballarat waters which received tbe ova. It is probable that another attempt will be made to introduce the salmon into Victorian waters. At the last meeting of the council of the Zoologica and Acclimatisation Society of Victoria, a letter was received from tho Acli matisation Society of California, offering to furnish the ova of various sal- monida at the cost of packing, obtaining, and shipping, which it is stated will no1 amount to more than £2 per thousand, or, perhaps, £1 10s, The president of the Cali- fornian Society, who writes the letter, says that if it is desired living fish can be furnished, but the ova of the salmon trout, both native and imported, he feels certain could be obtained successfully beyond a doubt. Arrangements will no doubt be made to take advantage of this offer. Hares have now become so plentiful that it is proposed to intro- duce into an Amending Game and Fisheries Act a provision for issuing coursing licences under certain conditions. There is a difference of opinion on the subject, however, and as a measure which was introduced by the Go- vernment has been objected to on other grounds-chiefly that it will deprive the fishermen and duck-shooters of their means of livelihood-legislation on the subject has been postponed for the present. Notwith- standing the efforts to put down the practice, tho illegal coursing of hares goes on, and several persons have lately been fined for de- stroying these animals. The advantages of acclimatisation are every day becoming better understood and appreciated, and we notice, amongst other signs of progress, the establish- ment at Castlemaine of a society with objects similar to those solong and norseveringly pro- moted by the parent institution. The report of the board appointed to inquire into the circumstances connected with the recent escape of prisoners from Ballarat Gaol has been presented to the Chief Secretary. The boord, which consisted of Messrs. W. C. Smith and James, M.L.A.'s, Colonel Rede, aud Mr. R. Lewis, aro of opinion that no blame can be attached to any official connected with the gaol, and that had the system formerly in force of not having the prisoners for trial in contiguous cells and of constantly changing them from one cell to another been continued, the escape of prisoners for trial would have been very much more difficult of execution, Tho board re- commended, among other things, that two turnkeys be constantly employed on night duty, and that double-barrelled guns and revolvers be procured for the use of the turnkeys. All the recommendations of the board will be carried out. Although the principle of the Permissive Bill has received the sanction of the Legis- lative Assembly, tho House having agreed to the second reading of the measure, the opposition out of doors is still going on. The following objections to the law which it is proposed to enact have been set out by the licensed victuallers:-That the bill makes no discrimination between reputable and disreputable licensees ; that it would close all hotels, breweries, and wine and spirit stores in- any district where it was enforced ; and becausr it did not provide any compensation for the thousands of respectable persons who were dependrnt upon the liquor traffic, and would be ruined by the passing of thr bill. A "Liberty Protection Association" has been formed at Ballarat, which offers strenuous opposition to the measure, A number of old colonists, identified in various ways with the earlier history of Victoria, have lately passed away. One of these was Mr. John Russell, who was exten- sively known and much respected, especially in the musical profession, as a most enthu- siastic lover of music, not only in Australia, but also in England and America. He was one of the original fenders of the Philhar- monic Society of Liverpool, his native town, and he founded also the Harmonic Society of Brooklyn, America, in 1849. From thence he came to Melbourne in 1853, and was the pioneer of music in this city, having been the founder of the present Philhar- monic Society of Melbourne. He was for many years secretary to the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, but was of late years out of business. He died at the age of 67. At Willsmere, Kew, the death has occurred of Mr. Thomas Wills, at the advanced age of 72\. Mr. Wills was born in New South Wales, and came to this colony in 1838, where he acquired large property. Beyond actively assisting in the Separation movement, as a member of the then formed league, Mr. Wills did not connect himself with political affairs. It is curious to note that he was at the time of his death engaged in litigation with an- other old colonist, Mr. Michael Curtain, J.P., who died the day previous. Mr. Curtain came from Ireland to Melbourne in 1839, the year in which Mr. John O'Shanassy arrived. Mr. Curtain was an energetic and persevering man, and made his way in the world, acquir- ing, after some years of industry, a con- siderable amount of property. An old settler on the Loddon, Mr. John Catto, has expired at the age of 70. He was about the first settler in the Loddon district, and one of the early pioneers of the colony, having arrived in Port Phillip from Tasmania in 1839, and taken up the station on the Loddon, since known as "Catto's Station," in 1840. Mr. Andrew Beveridge, who has died at Kil- more, at the age of 70, was another very old colonist. He was one of the first of the Murray settlers, and took up land near Swan- hill. The latter part of his life was passed in tbe Kilmore district, but the 18 years during which he resided in this part of the colony represent, as compared with his long Victorian experience, quite an inconsiderable period of time. The list of deaths also includes Captain Moore Hill, late of H.M. 58th Regiment, a resident of Bendigo of 19 years standing, and Mr. Frederick Champion, J.P., of Newtown, Geelong. Mr. Champion was one of the early Tasmanian settlers, taking an active part in the events of the time. He was for some years a merchant at Hobart Town, and came over to Geelong shortly after the discovory of gold at Buninyong and Ballarat. Entering into trade, he succeeded in making a sufficient com- petence, on which he retired, and erecting a house at Newtown, he resided there up to his demise- He died at the advanced ago of 81. The Episcopalian and Presbyterian churches of Victoria seem likely to unite in a scheme for the supply of religious ordinances in thinly populated districts, which will prevent the waste of energy which has been apparent for, some time past. The conference of the two churches which met some weeks ago to dis- cuss the matter agreed that it was desirable, if possible, to adopt some scheme by which the benefits of religious instruction could be enjoyed by residents in the outside districts in cases where the population was not sufficiently > numerous to 'maintain two resident ministers -one of each denomination. The committee ' to whom the subject was reforred submitted their report to an adjourned meeting of the ' conference, and it was adopted almost with- out alteration. The proposal is to form a society, to be called " The Church of England and Presbyterian Pastoral Aid Society of Vic- toria," whose object will be to collect and distribute funds with the view of securing adequate provision for religious instruction in sparsely-peopled districts.' The society will also aim at securing a minimum salary of £300 a year to ministers labouring in such districts. The scheme will of course have to be submitted to the representative assemblies of the two churches. Considerable progress has been made in the construction of the new wharves on the south bank of the Yarra, The river frontage already walled so as to form, a wharf is about 610ft. m length, and a contract has been let for the construction of a further length of wall which will extend the wharf down the river 132ft. Between the upper end of the wharf and the Falls-bridge there is a space of about 260ft., and if tho wharf is con- tinued to the bridge, as no doubt it will be, the whole new river frontage available for the discharge and loading of ships will be about 992ft.-a space sufficient to accommodate five or six of the largest steamers that come up the river, in single nie. In addition to the enlargement of the wharf- age accommodation of the river, the improve- ments which are being mode will greatly increase its safety and convenience os a navigable stream. The new wharf is so placed as to increase the width of the river by about 70ft, and when certain dredging operations which are in prospect have been completed there will be an increase to its practicable breadth of about 150ft, whioh will greatly facilitate the manoeuvring of the large steamers which have to bo turned round in ibis reach of the river when they put to sea, and otherwise promote the convenience oi ships using the river. At the recent quarterly meeting of the Pharmaceutical Society of Victoria, Mr. Bo sisto, chemist, of Richmond, produced a liquid called Eucalypti globuli, prepared by himseli from leaves of the bluegum tree. It is, in fact, the bitter principle of the leaves of that tree, and it is recommended by Mr. Bosisto as a febrifuge in cases of intermittent fever. From 1cwt of the leaves 7lb. weight of this liquor can be produced. Professor Gabler has stated that this decoction had removed fevers where quinine had been tried without effect. In the course of a conversation on the prepa- ration, it was mentioned that it had attracted some attention in the old world, but that Mr. Bosisto had not been credited, as he should have been, with the invention of it. It was hinted, indeed, that Professor Gubler had been guilty of a kind of plagiarism in connexion with the preparation. A desperate attempt on the life of the inspector-general of penal establishments, Mr. Geo. O. Duncan, has been made by a prisoner named Weechurch, in the Pentridge Stockade. This man, who is an old convict and has undergone innumerable sentences for violence and misconduct in prison, has always been troublesome, and lately his conduct has been very violent. On Sunday week his name was put down on the list to see Mr. Duncan on his visit to the stockade, who between 3 and 4 o'clock went to the prisoner's cell accompanied by Corporal Collins and Warder Love. Weechurch stood with his cell-cap in his hand, concealing behind it the blade of a knife. Suddenly he dropped the cap, and darting at the inspector stabbed him. Mr. Duncan exclaimed that he was stabbed, and told the warder to go for the doctor. The prisoner was imme- ately secured. On examination it was found that Mr. Duncan had received a wound in the left groin, which fortunately proved only a slight one. Mr. Duncan's escape was due principally to the fact that he wore a heavy overcoat and unusually thick trousers, and in penetrating these the weapon was turned aside, and did not enter in a straight direction as was intended. The knife used was a common table knife with- out a handle, but sharpened down so as to form a sort of miniature bayonet; and in order to give the would-be assassin a firm hold, he had wrapped the one end of it round with a piece of moleskin. Weechurch, who was sentenced to six years imprisonment in 1866, would have obtained his release on the 17th April last, but in the meantime his behaviour was such that sen- tences were inflicted by the visiting justice, amounting to six years two months and 21 days cumulative on the original sentence, which he thus succeeded in doubling. He would not therefore have been discharged even if he had kept quiet until the 8th of June, 1878, but as he has now stabbed Mr. Duncan, he will have to suffer still further detention. It has not yet been decided whether this new offence shall be dealt with by the visiting justices, or whether the pri- soner shall be put on his trial. The question of the desirability of establish- ing a national labour office has been brought under the notice of the Chief Secrotary by a deputation appointed at a public meeting hold recently on the subject. It was suggested that a central office should be established in Melbourne, to be supplied daily with all necessary information in regard to tho state of the labour market by the country telegraph stationmasters, so that when oponings for employment occurred anywhero, the informa- tion should at once be obtainable at the head offico. Mr. Francis expressed some doubt as to whether Buchascheme could be satisfactorily carried out, but said that if it wore taken ia band by some energotic people in whom tho Government and the country had confidence, a case for aid from the stato might be made out He promised to consider the matter. Baby farming is carried on here to a small extent compared with the manner in which the system is followed in London, but it yet has its results. In its annual report, recently presented to Parliament, tbe Central Board of Health suggests the desirability of legis- lating for tho better protection of infants who are put ont to nurse for hire or reward. The board has submitted for the consideration of the Government a draft of a bill for this pur- pose, based on the principles of a measure lately laid before tlio Parliament of the United Kingdom, but altered to suit the different circumstances of the colony. Amongst the amendments is one providing that no person shall bo allowed to receive, for the purpose of keeping or nursing for hire OP reward, any child under the age of four years without first obtaining a licence from a magistrate. A suit has lately been decided in our Supreme Court, the details of whioh are more romantic than any novelist even of the sensational school of the present day could dream of. In Beverley, yorksbire, England, lived in the first quarter of the century a man named Thomas Graham, a cabinetmaker by trade. In 1821, being then 19 years of age, he married one Jane Lan- caster, by whom he had two sons, William Graham and John Lancaster Graham. Owing to a quarrel he had with his wife about a legacy of £100, he left her about the year 1826, and nothing further of him was heard of in Beverley, but there were rumours that he had married another woman. In the year 1833 a man named Thomas Graham sailed from Liverpool to Hobart Town in the ship Hibernia. He was accompanied by a woman whom ho had married, and by whom he had three children. At the time of her marriage she was a widow, and had children by her first husband, a Mr. Hudson, a lawyer. The Hibernia was burnt at sea, and of Graham's family only himself and his stepson (ono of the Hudsons) were saved. Thoy were taken to Rio, where Graham worked ci a cabinet maker, and thence he came to Hobart Town, where he remained for five or six years. At Hobart town he became acquainted with the wife of a person named James Crook, em» ployed in the Ordnance department! lived with her as his wife, and in 1841 married her in Melbourne. Crook did not die till 1846. Graham amassed money, became the owner of land and houses, and established a brewery in East Collingwood, which gave him good profits. On the 31st of January, 1871. this Graham died suddenly, intestate, and Mrs. Graham, his supposed wife, applied for administration. Her right was immediately opposed by a number of persons, including her own daughter, on the ground that she was not Graham's lawful widow, her first husband (Crook) having boen alive at the time of the marriage. Whilst they were squabbling in this way, startling news came from England. On the 1st January, 1871, a month before his death, Graham wrote a letter addressed on the envelopo to John Lancaster Graham, or his brother William Graham, Beverley, York- shire, England. This letter stated that the persons to whom the letter was addressed were the sons of Thomas and Jane Graham, that Thomas had been a cabinetmaker, that he was now getting old, and had considerable property to bequeath, and asking his sons to apply to him at once. Strango to say, this letter, so curiously addressed, fell into the bands of the parties for whom it was intended, who immediately communicated with a firm of solicitors in Melbourne, the letter reaching this country as Mrs. Graham (who had com- promised with the parties who had been liti- gating her title) was about to obtain adminis- tration. There being no evidence in support of the genuineness of the letter, the Court recognised Mrs. Graham's right to be ap- pointed administratrix. A suit in equity, was then instituted, the question for- decision being whether the Thomas Graham who died in Melbourne, in 1871, was the Thomas Graham of Beverley, father of the plaintiffs. Evidence was taken by a commission, the case was argued a short time since, and judgment pronounced! by Mr. Justice Molesworth in favour of the plaintiffs' claim to be the sons of Graham, the brewer. As their mother did not die till 1860, in no aspect of the case could Mrs. Crook be considered the widow of the deceased, and therefore she has no title to any part of the property. The estate is supposed to be worth from £50,000 to £60,000. A remarkable trial for robbing a bank has taken place at the Ballarat Circuit Court. The prisoner was Andrew George Scott, formerly lay reader to the Church ofEngland, Egerton. In May, I860, there was a branch of the London Chartered Bank at Egerton, the agent being a youth named Broun. Late one night in that month a man, woaring a mBBIT, went to the bank, and compoUed Bruun, by threatening to shoot him, to give up all tho' gold and silver in the bank, amounting to about £700. The robber after- wards tied up Bruun in an adjoining school- house, having first appendod the signature "Captain Moonlite" to a paper written by Bruun, that the robbery was committed by force of arms. Bruun expressed au opinion at the time that Scott was the robber, but the police did not believe him, and accused Bruun himself and a schoolmaster named Simpson of being the thieves. Scott after wards went to Sydney, and sold some gold there of tho same quality as that stolen from the bank. Other evidence was discovered which corroborated Bruun's story, and Scott was at last apprehended on the charge of robbing the bank. The trial lasted for a week, Scott (who dispensed with the services of his counsel after the first day) defending himself with great ability. He was however found guilty, and sentenced to 10 years' hard labour. In the interval between.his arrest and his trial ho, escaped from gaol with a number of other prisoners, but was re- captured. A railway collision, though fortunately not of a very serious nature, has occurred on the Government line between Melbourne and Williamstown. A passenger train from Mel- bourne to Williamstown ran into a goods train at the Williamstown Junction. There were very few passengers in the former train, and only two or three of these were hurt, none severely. The drivor and tho other officials on the passenger train, as well as those of the goods train, also escaped without any injury. No harm was done to the engine or carriages of the passenger train ; but the van and one truck of the goods train wero seriously damaged. In consequence of tho accident, the station master at Williamstown Junction has been suspended, and a boord has been appointed to inquire as to the cause of the collision. The supposed existence of payable gold- fields in the Northern Territory, on the Roper Rivert some 150 miles inland from Port Darwin, has induced some adventurous spirits to proceed to that portion of the continent, with the object of prospecting the country. The Condor sailed from this port to Port Darwin the other day, carrying 160 passengers, the majority of whom intendod to test for themselves the truth of the reports which have been received. Other expeditions have been spoken of, but the promoters up to the present time have not met with much encouragement, The pearl fisheries on tho north coasts of Australia aro also exciting some littlo attention, and a company has been formed in Melbourne, with a capital of £1,500, for the purpose of fitting out a vessel. Nearly all the required capital has been subscribed. His Honour Judge Noel, who presides in the Insolvent Court, has felt it his duty to put into operation, for the first time, the ponai clauses of the new Insolvency Act. Under the old net Mr. Noel, OB commissioner of insolvency, bad only the power of reporting to the judge of the Supremo Court such insolvents as he thought deserving of punishment, but under the new statute ho has power not only to compel insolvents to come up to the court for their certificates, but also to punish them if he Bhould think their conduot calls upon bim to do so. On Saturday a certificate meeting was held in the estate of Robert Molburn, of Chinaman's flat, near Maryborough, store- keeper, and as the insolvent had fraudulently made awoy with the whole of his property to Messrs. Androwsand Logan, of Maryboiougb, for a debt he owed thom, to the oxclusion. of the just claims of all the rest of his creditors, his Honour sentenced him to six months' imprisonment. The successful manufacture of woollen cloths by the Geelong Company was noticed last month. Sinco then there have boen issued from the mill some fino specimens of black, blue, and crimson broadcloth, which havo been pronounced by the trade to be equal to any goods manufactured in England. At Ballarat the foundation stone of a similar factory has recently been laid. The annual meeting of tho Melbourne Arti- sans' School of Dosign has been held at tho Tradcs'-hall, when a favourable account was given of tho progress of tho institution. Judge Bindon presided. Tho walls of tho hall' were bung with the drawings of the pupils, and the collection altogether was avery excolleat one. The committee in their report of the trans- actions of the year stated that tho school had continued to be prosperous. There wero now 194 pupils on the roll, most of whom attended regularly, and many had found tbo instruc- tion received of benefit in their daily avoca- tions. A hope was expressed that tho Legis- lature, would shortly take steps to establish technical education on a sound basis by voting an amount of monoy equal to the im- portance of the quostion. Amongst the buildings in progress in Mel- bourne at tbo present time is a now arcado, which is to be erected at a cost of £16,000, on the site of tho Haymarket Thoatro, which was burnt down about a year ago. The dosign comprises two largo edifices, one to Bourke street east, the other to Little Collins street east, with two tiers of shops in between. A handsome face will be presented to Bourke sheet. On the ground floor on each side of the archway there Is to bo accommodation for an hotel, with wino shades in the basomont story. Above the hotel there will be a large hull, C3ft. by 40ft, the Apollo- hall of former days, with various improvements and additions and a much moro showy oxterior. It is to be covered with a mansard root, and on the top will be an observatory, from which a com- prehensive view of the city and suburbs will bo obtained. Tbo outlook has an olevation of 65ft. Tbe frontage to Little Collins-street provides for an hotel on the ground iloor ; a rcstaurant,with a dining-ball 47ft. by 25ft, on the first floor; and on tbo Bocona floor, a set of rooms prepared for Messrs. Mayall and Sons, the photographers, The arcade proper will consist of two rows of shops, one on the ground floor, the other in the gallery. In this respect it differs from the present arcade opposite the Post-office, which has the whole of its splendours concentrated in one story. There are to be 35 shops on the ground floor, with cellars below. In the gallery the num- ber of shops is to be 28. A number of photographic views of Mel- bourne, taken by Mr. C. Nettleton, have been selected for the King of Holland by Mr. D. Ploos Van Amstel at His Majesty's request. There are about 50 of them, and thoy comprise viows of tho Mint, Town-hall (with an interior view showing the new organ), PoBtoffico, Treasury, Parliament houses (exterior and interior), Public Libraiy (exterior and intorioi), and all the prominent public buildings, togethor with the best parts of Bourke and Collins-streets, the Sandridge pier and principal city wharves, fitzroy-gardens, tho Roy al-park, Earn Tree Gully, Government-house at Toorak. Mr. Walter Clarke's residence at Deep Creek, a farm at Dandenong, and the Criterion Company's claim, Clunes. At Ballarat, four men, named respectively Zachariah Taylor, Thomas Lawson, John Purcell, and Alfred Smeaton, have been brought before the magistrates under extra- ordinary circumstances. Some time ago Taylor rented a house not far from the gold- buying and drapery establishment of Mr. Solomon Jacobs, Main-road, and he and his friends went to reside there; but it was noticed by neighbours who knew the character of the inmates that the windows were at once frosted, as to to prevent anyone seeing what was going on within. It was soon reported about, however, from the noises heard within, that the fellows had struck a rich patch of golden washdirt, and were taking that plan to prevent the Eastern Council interfering with them till they got it out. Whatever their intentions may have been, Mr. Jacobs began to smell a rat, and kept a sharp look« out by day and by night, until he at lasfj hoard the noise of men at work underground, not far from his shop. The occupier of tho adjoining property at once gavo permission to raise the floor, and it was found that the fellows had been driving to get under Mr. Jacob's store apparently, and there was no doubt left in that gentleman's mind that when they reached under his Hoor they in- tended to break into his premises and take what they wanted. No evidence, howevor, could bo brought forward to convict the ac- cused, and they wero discharged. Ostercamp, the ruffian whose brutal attack at Avoca on a young woman namod Christina Farkens was described last month, has boen tried at the Maryborough Circuit Court for the offence. It was proved that he had knocked her down, kicked her, hacked hor faco with bis spurs, and beat her with an axe, leaving her for dead. The indictment included counts for assault with intent to kill and with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Tho jury found the prisoner guilty on the minor count, and he was sentenced to the inadequate punish- ment of five years' imprisonment, with hard labour. A fire, which occurred at Pall Mall, Sand- hurst, on the morning of the 21st July, caused considerable excitement. The fire broke out in one of the brokers' offices upstairs in Pike's-chambers, near tho new Beehive buildings. It soon made its way into the saddlers shop below, occupied by Mr. Knight, and the adjoining shop was thought to be on fire also. However, the fire brigade- arrived early, and managed to stay tho further spread of the flames. The only destruction mado by fire was of Knight's shop, with a largo quantity of saddlory, and of several of the offices up stairs, occupied by Messrs. Wills, Smith, Caldwell, and Bristow. A rare meteorological phenomenon, a " fog bow," has been witnessed at Maldon. It spanned the beavens from north to south, and to the eye of tho observer it was at the base of each column about 30ft. wide, tho size gradually diminishing till at the apex of the Bow it was only a few inches. Unlike tho rainbow, it had not the slightest tinge of colour other than white, neither was it so regular or even in form. At tho same place two shocks of earthquake have been felt. A ferocious outrage has been committed in tbe neighbourhood of Sandhurst The scene of the crime was a place called Dead Horse Flat. Hero a mau named Samuol Wright hod been for some timo living with a young girl of 17 in a miserable hut. Having received ill-usago Bho loft his placo, and waa tracked by him to the hut of a man named Robert West, about two miles distant. Wright, according to his statement to the police, wrestled with himself for some days, but could not resist his murdorous in- clinations. One morning he shouldered his pick, and made for West's hut. Finding only two females within, he seized the younger one, his late paramour, and beat her with the pick in a brutal manner. Her screams brought a man named Arthur Hagan to her assistance, -and Wright struck him to the ground, driving the pick two inches into his skull. Wright was of course taken into custody. It was expected at the time that Hagan would not live many hours, but he still survives, and, what is more strange, hopes are entertained of his ultimate recovery. In the case of the woman Ann Miniver Davis, condemned to death for administering poison to her husband at Brighton, it has been determined by, tho Executive to com- mute the sentence to imprisonment for life. Philip Apfol, the sharebroker who absconded from Sandhurst last month, and was captured on board the English mail steamer at Queens- cliff, has been tried at the Sandnurst Criminal Sossions for obtaining money under false pre- tences. There were three separate charges lodged against the prisoner- by John Lee, James Penistan, and Thomas Bisset. The first one tried was that of John Lee, who stated that ho had sold 100 Great Extended Hust- ler's Tributes at £8 2s. on the 18th June last, the prisoner stipulating that the scrip must be delivered at once, but it was ulti- mately agreed that the scrip should be handed over the next day. The scrip was, however, lodged in the Bank of Australasia, but by dint of persuasion, Apfel obtained possession, giving his cheque for the same, requesting that it might not be presented till 2 p.m. the next day, when it would be all right. The cheque was duly presented as agreed, and returned dis onoured. In the meantime the prisoner had left the district. After the examination of several witnesses Mr. Martley addressed tho jury at very considerable length on behalf of the prisoner, and at his request several points were reserved. The jury returned a verdict of "guilty." The second charge, that brought by Mr. James Penistan, which was of a similar nature, was proceeded with, and the prisoner was also found "guilty," and he was then sentenced to four years' imprison- ment, with hard labour, in each case. The third charge, in which the prosecutor was Mr. Thomas Bisset, which was also of the same character, but of a larger amount, was post- poned till the next sessions. A large landslip has occurred on the Frank- ston and Schnapper Point road, a short distance from the former place. The road near Frankston is bounded on one side by abruptly-rising ground, which gave way for a considerable distance, bringing down large trees, and involving a part of the road in ruin. A largo consignment of canaries, ordered from England by tho Victorian Canary and Pigeon Society, has arrived by the Somerset- shire. Owing to the birds having moulted on the passage, tho number shippod fell far short before arrival, 18 having died. The birds are chiefly of tho Norwich and Belgian breeds, but, unfortunately, somo of tho best died on tho voyage. Those which survived were exhibited at the annual show of tho society, and thoy wero greatly admirod. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. Parliament has been chiefly occupied during the past month with the consideration of the Estimates, the question of railway gauge, the Amending Land Bill, the Mining on Private Property Bill, and the Permissive Liquor Sales Bill. THE BUDGET. The Treasurer's statement, which was mado on tho 10th July, tbo day provious to tho de- parture of the last mail, excited but little adverso comment. Mr. Berry mildly criticised it; contending that Mr- Langton had taken too gloomy a viow of the probable assots of tho colony, and had unnecessarily increased tho proposed expenditure for tho current year. He also asserted that the groator por- tion of the increased expenditure was for tbo purposo of beautifying the city of Mol- bourno. Each of theso propositions tho Trea- surer briefly but effectually disposed of. The expenditure had not been wantonly increased, the apparent difference between tho post and present yoars being causod by tho fact tbat the late Government did not make sufficient provision for the service of tho year 1871-2, and tho deficiency had to bo made good by the supplementary estimates. The expenditure in and around Molbourno waa all of a national and not a local description, suchas repairs to the wharves. This item was set down at £30,000, the wharves having been allowed to get into a disgraceful con- dition, but from thom was derived an annual incomo- of about £80,000. Mr. Langton experienced no difficulty in passing a Supply Bill to enable the ordinary payments to go on without interruption ; and the whole of the Estimates were subsequently passed, with the exception of the votes for education and charitable institutions, and one or two other postponed items. THE RAILWAY GAUGE. The question of railway gauge, which was, submitted to the Legislative Assembly in the middle of last month, was warmly debated. The late Government were in favour of the proposed new lines being constructed on the narrow gauge, 3ft. 6in., but at the end of last session the Legislative Council strongly affirmed the opposite view, and it was pro- mised that Parliament should be allowed to determine whether the adoption of the existing Sauge, 5ft. 3in., for the new lines, which would not involve any break of gauge, was preferable to the narrow gauge. Mr. Gillies, the Minister of Railways, moved a resolution in the Legislative Assembly to the effect that the existing gauge should be continued, so that there should be no break in any of the national railways, and, urged its adoption— first, because the majority of the opinions received from foreign experts on the case submitted by the late Minister for Railways was in favour of broad gauge ; and, second, because the average of the alternative tenders received for the construction of the proposed new lines showed that the saving to be secured by the adoption of the narrow gauge would be only £240 per mile. The resolution was affirmed on the 18th ult., by a majority of 42 votes to 10 ; and it was subse- quently adopted by the Legislative Council. Tenders will be at once accepted for the first sections of the Castlemaine and Mary- borough line and the Ballarat and Ararat line. As soon as the survey is completed tenders for the first section of the Ballarat and Maryborough line will also be accepted ; and it is the intention of the Government to proceed with all these lines as rapidly as possible, and without showing favouritism to any. PROGRESS OF LEGISLATION. The second reading of the Mining on Pri- vate Property Bill, the leading provisions of which were explained in last month's Sum- mary, was passed in the Legislative Assembly ,by tho overwhelming majority of 43 to 3. The largo powers proposed to be vested in the Minister of Afinos, however, were very generally objected to, and there is no doubt that in its passage through com- mittee the measure will be greatly modified in this respect The second reading of tho Land Act Amend* mont Bill, which increases selectors' areas from 320 to 640 acres, was carried by a majority of 43 to 9." A great deal was said against the bill, however. It was especially objected that its provisions would encourage dummyism, and material amendments will probably be moved in committee. The PermisBive Bill, which has been sup- ported by several hundredweights of petitions from the "various temperance societies and dissenting congregations of the country, passed its second reading by a majority of 37 votes to 20. The measure excited little interest in Parliament, as it is not likely to have any practical effect. Mr. Kerferd, the Solicitor-General, has introduced a bill to amend the Mining Act of 1865, and to cure certain defects which have from time to time been found in that statute. When a judge dies who at the time of his death was engaged in hearing a suit, the bill will make his proceedings good for his successor. It also proposes to extend the time allowed for notices of appeal from three days to 14 days and a month ; and to make the minutes of a warden, after he has heard a dispute, evidence in court. The measure further provides that the rent of mining leases shall be reduced from £1 to 10s. per acre, and that the rentlof all existing leases shall be reduced to 10s, per acre. It will make contracts betweon lessees and tributers valid, and will require such contracts to be regis- tered at the nearest mining court It is also the intention of the Government to introduce a measure for tho suppression of gambling and betting houses. The Education Bill is promised in the course of the nôSjf fortnight. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The Legislative Councd has had under its consideration a bill to amend the law relating to trustees, introduced by Mr. W. A, C. A'Beckett, and a measure to amend and consolidate the laws relating to fisheries and game, introduced by Mr. Fraser. Serious ob- jections were raised, however, and both measures have been withdrawn for the pre- sent. The Bye-Laws Validity Bill, and a Public Works Statute Amendment Bill, designed to chock the waste of water supplied from tho Yan Yean reservoir to private houses, have been passed through committee. Writs have been issued for the election of a member for the Central Province, and a member for the South Province, in room of the Hon. John O'shanassy and the Hon. E. S. Dobson, who retire by rotation. ABUSE Or r-ATBONAQK BY THE LATE GOVERN- MENT. A select committee of the Legislative As- sembly has been appointed on the motion of the Chief Secretary to inquire into the alleged improper manner in which advertisements were given by the late Government to the Times and Mines, and also into the conduct of Mr. L. L. Smith, M.L A, as proprietor of that journal, with regard to the same matter. The committee, which consists of Messrs, Macgregor, JoneB, Patterson, F. L. Smyth, Harker, M'Lellan, and King, has held two meetings, at which several witnesses wore examined. THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL CONTRACT. Further correspondence on the subject of the proposed Californian mail service was presented to Parliament on the 30th ult It included communications from the Chief Secretary to Mr. Webb and to the agent general in London, intimating that tho Government could not ask tho Legislature to ratify the contract enterod into provisionally by Messrs, Duffy and Vogel on behalf of the Victorian and New Zealand Governments, and also a letter from Mr. Vogel defending the contract. A. statement having been made by Mr. Grant that Mr. Duffy had received a com- munication from the agent general-Mr. Childers-to the effect that the Imperial Government approved of the contract, and would be prepared, not only to pay all the Amorican postages, but to grant a subsidy on account of tbe contract of £20,000 per annum, £10,000 to be paid to Victoria, and £10,000 to New Zealand, Mr. Duffy admitted in the Assembly on the following day that lie had received a communication from Mr. Childers, stating that the Chancellor of the Exchequer bad informed him that the Im- perial Government proposed to take that course. Mr. Duffy defended Mr. Childors from the chargo of impropriety in com- municating with him personally, because bo said he did it under the belief that ho was still Chief Secretary. The hon. membor for Dalhousie said, Mr. Childers " addressod mo in tho character of Chief Secretary, and not as a private individual." We havo no doubt but this is the actual state of tho caso, and out of his own mouth Mr. Duffy stands convicted of having suppressed most im- portant information which the agent-general intended privately to convey to the Govern- ment of Victoria for its guidance. Ho said that he never intended the information should bo kuown, and he then went on to say that the communication was marked private both within and without, and yot, according to Mr. Grant, he read the letter to a select circle of a dozen friends in tho Opposition-room, and, according to his own statement to threo or four. While on the subject of confidential despatches, Mr. Grant mentioned that his "illustrious friend," Mr, Duffy, had also received alottor from Mr.Thos, Carlyle, complimenting him upon his efforts to advance the cause of human progress in the colony. The Government have resolved togivo hon. members an opportunity of expressing thoir opinions with regard to the New Zealand and Californian mail contract entered into by the late Government The first clause of that contract says :-"This contract shall como into force on tho 19th September, 1872, pro- vided it is previously ratified by a resolution of tho Legislative Assembly of Victoria and by a resolution of tho House of Represen- tatives of New Zealand respectively ; and the said respective Governments shall submit tho said contract to the said respective Houses of Legislature." There is just a probability that if tbe agreemont is not formally submitted in the snape of a definite resolution to tho Houso, some claim may at a subsequent period bo made for damages for breach of contract. To avoid this tho HOUBO will to-day be invited to take the contract into consider- ation, with the view of its being rejected. GOLD AND THE GOLDFIELDS. During the past month mining has boen pursued on all the gold-fiolds of the colony in the usual steady manner and with tbo ordinary amount of success, with the excep- tion of the case of ono company, the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute, the yields of which bavo fallen off In a somewhat serious ratio from tho high averages recorded during tbo previous eight or nino months ia which the famous reef ia the mino had been worked. Thero has, however, been a most serious depre- ciation in the market value of the shares in most of the Sandhurst quartz mines, which wero previously held in the greatest estimation, and reached very high prices indeed. The depreciation referred to may be ascribed to several causes, the principal of which waa, no doubt, the vast amount of speculation in tho mere buying aud soiling of Bharos that bad taken place for some months pre viously, and which had forced man' of tho shares, more especially those of the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute Company, to extreme prices, and to the falling off in the yield of that mine, combined with a panic stricken fear among holders of the shares that the mine was worked out. There was also another canse, which doubtless tended to tho reduction of value of Sandhurst shares gene- rally, namely, the fact that through the suc- cess that had attonded the search for auri- ferous reefs in the district, an exceedingly large number of prospecting mines had been commenced and worked, which necessarily led to the making of calls. It now appears that the resources of the holders of the shares of some of these companies were not equal to the demands made upon them for working their mines, and also that some of the com- panies were formed for mere speculative purposes by, promoters on the assumption that as mining property was then so anxiously sought after, they, as promoters, would be enabled to make good profit out of the sale of the shares. Many of these pros- pecting companies hare already collapsed through the forfeiture of the shares by the shareholders, but a good number are still actively progressing, and from these the district must ultimately reap considerable benefit. The great' fall in the price of the Extended Hustler's tribute shares, and the consequent reduction in value of those of other companies, appears to disinterested spectators at a distance to be, in a measure, unaccounted for. From a report furnished to the shareholders at the half yearly meeting of the company, held on the 20th July, it was seen that, from the 26th October last, when the first return from the reef waa chronicled, to the 13th July, 1872, 48,033oz. of gold had been obtained ; and so little had it cost to work the mine that £104,500 had been paid in dividends to shareholders, or at the rate cf £5 17s. Cd. per share. A report had arisen that the reef was worked out, which no doubt was the great reason of the fall, but it was stated then that there was at least six months' work in sight at the level then being mined, and the best skill which could be obtained has, after examination since, pronounced such to be tho case. There was also every reasonable prospoct that when a lower level was reached in tho mino, stone of a very rich character, perhaps equal to that already worked, would bo found but the shareholders and the general public, in the panic, seemed unable to think of the future and to believe only that tho mino was ex- hausted. The shares which at the departure of the last mail were worth about £5 each, and which some weeks previously were sold at as high as £9, receded rapidly, until at one time in the month they were sold as low as 38s. Thoy have, however, since then advanced in price, and are now worth £2 13s, The Great Extended Hustler's Company, of which the Tributo Company is an offshoot, were also affected by the panic, though, so far as their shares were concerned, there was no ground whatever for a fall in price, the returns from the mine being as large as ever. From being worth £1710s. each, about four weeks ago they fell in little more than a week to £11, bat in .regard to them increased confidence was soon manifested, and they are now worth £1410s. The yield of the company for tho fortnight ending'July 20 was l,226oz" and for the fort- night ending AuguBt 3, l,272oz,, and the mining manager reports that the mine is looking very well at presonfc. Withrtbd number of good mines which Sandhurst possesses, it is impossible that the depression recently experienced' can bo anything but temporary, and a reaction is said' to be already commencing. As regards the mines in the Ballarat divi- sion of the Ballarat mining district, there is little news of importance to record, but it is satisfactory to say the yields of gold and the dividends to the shareholders koop up to a steady monthly average. The Band and Albion Consols alluvial mine alone yields something like' an average of l.OOOoz. per week. From the other divisions of the same district the reports are of an encouraging nature, more especially from Steiglitz and Elaine, where some reefs have been dis- covered which aro considered to be very valuable. The prospects of the Castlemaine district aro much brighter now than they have been for many years, and great activity and enter- prise is being shown in the general develop- ment of the district. The newiCaledoma Company recently obtained 786oz. of gold for one fortnight's crushing, but the most gratifying news in the district during the month was the discovery in the Ajax Com- pany's claim of a run of rich stone at the 300ft. level. Although the country there- abouts had been worked over and over again on the surface and down to the water level, it had not been tried below that depth until tho Ajax Company tried it. Their workings are now down-to 400ft., and at the 300ft. level they found quartz which gave a very hand- some return when a sample was operated on, the yield from a tindishful being 4oz. The success of the company below the water level has led to a confident hope thatagood portion of tho country will be found as profitable as it is estimated to be in the Ajax mine. It was often stated during the earlier years of the gold-fields history of this colony that no gold would ever be found in the neigh- bourhood of Melbourno. The statement, however, has not proved a true one, and it may be that we shall yet discover profitable mines in tho vicinity of the city. For some time past a quartz reef has bean worked profitably at Diamond Creek, only 17 miles from Melbourno, and the proprietors have recently erected extensive machinery and appliances of a first-class character to work the reef. The washing-up and retorting after the first crushing with the new machi- nery took place on the 19 th of last month, and resulted in a return of llGoz. of smelted gold from 05 tons of quartz, which was considered very good. Referring to the discovery last month of a 538oz. nugget in the Dunolly district, the Expiess states that the prize was "found at the Shoots, about three milos from Danolly, in the wall of an old trench that was cut about nine years ago, when a large number of men were at work in the locality. The suc- cessive rainfalls had. with tbo continuous washing and crumbling away of tho soil, brought this handsome little fortune iuto day- light to be dropped upon by a hardworking miner named Davey, who was passing by, and, seeing what looked like a speck of gold, he applied his pick, and knocked out his long sought pile." A rather interesting race is going on just now between the Now North Clunes and the Magdala Companies, to see who is to get the sum of £1,000 whioh is said to have been offered by tho Government o£ the day to the first mining company that finds gold at or below 1,000ft. from the surface. The Magdala's shaft is down 950ft. ; the New North Clunes pump shaft is down 1,004ft, and the latter has apparently a great advantage ; but some poople think tho Magdala will get the gold first, because they allege that their shaft is right over the lode, and must pass through it eithor above or below the 1,000ft., while the New North Clunes may have to drive a long way beforo they find golden stone. Then, again, if the Magdala should strike goldon stone before thoy get 1,000ft. down, tho chancea are that the reef will have such a heavy underlie that they may not get through it before they go the 1,000ft, or a good deal more. It is the opinion of many people interested in mining that the first or the first two or three companies in each mining district of the colony that find gold bearing stone at or below 1,000ft. should receive a handsomer bonus than £1,000. The Magdala shaft will soon have cost the share- holders £20,000, without their seeing a speck of gold, and such enterprise deserves reward and encouragement. The discovery of gold in the bore of tho Bright Boring Association at a dopth of 198ft, is regarded by the Ovens and Murray Adver- tiser as an evont of no ordinary importance : -" With the knowledge that doop leads exist in the locality-leads on whioh shafts have been sunk and good prospects of gold ob- tained, but from working which the miners were compolled to desist owing to excess of water and want of capital to provide tho necessary appliances to copo therewith-we may be pardoned for believing that tho dis- covery at Bright is one not only of importance to that locality but to the whole of the dis- trict. If anything wero wanting to stimulate the residents to further exertions towards the development of the resources of these districts, tbo success that has attended the Bright Boring Association ought to have that effect." The Pleasant Creek News writes:-"A singular and unaccountable feature in con- nexion with our deep quartz minos is being developed daily, which much surprises thoso well experienced in mining matters. It is the decrease of water as the groater depths aro reached. In tbo Magdala shaft, at 930ft. tho water has docreased to a minimum ; in the Crown Cross Roof Company's shaft, at 800ft., notwithstanding the two reefs re- cently struck, no extra water has been met with, and in the long drive of the Extended Cross Reef Company, at a depth of over 800ft., the water is lighter than it was nearer the surface. This, if a general rule, i is very important to companies engaged in 1 deep linking operations, as it will greatly lessen the cost of pumping machinery, which bos mostly been erected hitherto on the supposition that the water would be heavier as a greater depth was reached. The Dunolly Express relates the following . -."On Sunday (19th July) a poor but honest man, wishing to see the last upon earth of a departed friend, and being, as he thought, too poorly elad to join in the funeral procession, took his stand on a heap of pipeclay in Quaker's Gully to watch the departure of the cortege, when, looking down, he observed something glistening, bright, and yellow. Judging it to be gold, he Btooped, and pick- ing it np was delighted to find himself possessed of a nugget weighing just 9oz, and worth £36. On tho next day, we understand, be came with it into Dunolly, and, before spending a farthing upon himself, paid off all his little debts with most praiseworthy promptitude. All honour to such bright specimens as 'PosBum Jack, the lucky finder." "Gold-mining," according to the Guardian, "is being vigorously prosecuted in the Kil- more district, and what is still more pleasing, successfully. Gold in payable quantities has been found on the Sunday Creek, and the lucky discoverers, H. Pettit and party, are very sanguine that a rich gold-field will shortly be opened up within a few miles of Kilmore." AGRICULTURAL. The winter of 1872 has proved the wettest on record, . and there is no prospect of a chaDge in the character of the weather. Within the last few days snow has fallen, and frosts of unusual severity have occurred in localities rarely visited by either, whilst in tho more elevated mountain ranges of Gipp8 Land the snow has been deep enough to interfere with travelling. Under these con. ditions few of -the crops have made any progress, the mojority ' wear a sickly un- healthy appearance, and those on the low level lands adjacent to watercourses have been submerged on several occasions. Unless, therefore, a favourable change takes place within three or four weeks, it is hardly possible that the yield per acre can be good, nor can much be done now in the way of spring sowing to make up for an idle winter. Un- favourable prospects have, ere now, re- sulted in a good harvest, and such may be the case again; a month heneo better grounds may exist for estimating harvest probabilities. The Royal Commission ap- pointed to inquire into the foot-and-mouth disease, which, it will be remembered, was in- troduced to this colony a few months ago, has been engaged in selecting a site for a quarantine station, but has not yet reported the results. It has, however, presented a progress report, in which, after detailing the steps taken to stamp out the disease, and which appear to have been effectual, the following suggestion ¡B, offered, viz ¡-"That all horned cattle arriving in the colony from foreign ports, and from colonial ports where this disease is known to exist, should be sub- jected to a quarantine of not less than six months on Duck Island, or some isolated portion, providing that, in the event of the disease existing in sn active state on arrival, or having existed during the voyage in any cattle on board, your commissioners would recommend the destruction of all cattle, fodder, fittings, clothing, and appurtenances belonging to the whole of such shipment. Seventhly, your commission are of opinion that the expenses of quarantine, or com' pensation for imported cattle slaughtered, should be borne and made by the Govern- ment on all cattle shipped before or on the 1st day of August next from England or else- where, but that the said expense and loss of cattle shall be borne by the importers on all such cattle as may be shipped after that date." During the month two shipments of stock bave arrived. On the 22nd nit, Messrs. Grice, Somner, and Co. received per barque Birchgrove, from Liverpool, the bulls Lord Lorne, bred by Mr. Geo. Game, of Churchill Heath, and Lord Liverpool, bred by the Earl of Zetland ; also the following heifers, viz. : Warlabin» Cth, Duchess of Airdnl, and Poplin. On Cth inst, aconsigment of short- horn cattle and 20 Leicester rams was re- ceived by Messrs. Peok, Hudson, and Raynor ; they came per ship Wave of Life, and were landed in excellent order. The bulls, five in number, are-Marquis of Lorn, by 3rd Duke of Wharfdale : Cedric the Second, by 2nd Duke of Claro; Northumberland, by 3rd Duke of Wharfdale ; King O'Day, and Bedes- man. The sheep have been dipped in Sulli- van's disinfectant, and the cattle are retained under the inspection of the Government official, but it is expected that they will be permitted to proceed after a short period of probation. A trial has been made of tho machinory of a beet sugar factory that has been started at the Anakies, in the Geelong district, in the midst of a considerable acreage of beet grown expressly for the company. It is intended to commence regular work at once, and the result will bo carefully watched by large numbers of farmers in these colonies who are anxiously looking out for some more reliable and profitable crops than wheat and oats. In Gipps Land the hop has found a home, the number of growers having in- creased considerably. A meeting took place on the 19th ult,, at Devlin, when it was decided to form an association, to bo called the North Gipps Land Hopgrowers Associa- tion. The objects proposed are the diffusion of useful information amongst the growers, and the protection of their interests. Hops will no doubt, in the course of a few years, be numbered amongst the ex- ports from the colony of Victoria; the yield is good, and the plant is less liable to injury from blight than in England, our climate being upon the whole more genial The prospocts of the vineyard interest of this colony are slightly more cheerful than of joro. For our light wines of a Hock char- acter, as well as for some of those resembling claret, foreign markets have been found ut an advance in price. The annual meet- ing of the Melbourne Vinegrowers1 Associ- ation took place on the 25th ultimo, when the members' wines were compared with some high-class European wines, viz., Hock, Marcobrun, vintage of 1862; Hock hcimer, vintage 18G5 ; Chablis, vintage 1865 ; Mozelle, Scharzberg, vintage 18G8, As has hitherto been the custom at the annual dinner, the wines were all previously de- canted, and the decanters labelled with reference numbers, so that the members could not possibly know whose wines they were tasting. Each member expressed his opinion on a card prepared for the purpose, noting his estimation of the quality of each wine by numbers from 1 to 10. There were 13 samples in the Hock class, including the two European wines -Hock, Marcobrun, 1862, and Hockheimer, lfc'05. It was observed by all that there was a remarkable similarity, both in flavour and bouquet, in the majority of the samplos. The highest numbers awarded to four samples of Victorian wines were-90, Reisling, 1868, H. do Castella; 95, White Ivanhoe. 1867, C. Maple- stone ; 96, White Ngarveno, 1869, J. Davies ; and 110. White Ivanhoe, 1868, C. Maple- stone ; 82 to the Hock, Marcobrun, 1862 ; and 97, Hockheimer, 1805. Tne other two foreign wines with which the members' wines wero compared (niuo in all), wore Chablis, 18C5, and Moselle, Scharzberg, 18G8. Both theso wines were roadily distinguished, and obtained the highest number of marks. Great satisfaction was felt in the result of theso trials, and good hope afforded that our Victoria wines, under careful treatment, will establish a reputation in the English and Indian markot«, though the Victorian public may not yet bo able to appreciate thom. The association has imported samples of other high class wines, and at the next meeting it is intended to compare some of the members' own red wines with Burgundy, Riohebourg. 1865; Claret, Chateau Mouton, 18C8; and Claret Chateau Lafitto, 1865. And on some special occasion the merits will bo discussed of an expensive Sauterne, Chateau d'Yquem, 1861. THE LABOUR MARKET. There has been a great falling off during the past month in the demand for labour in nearly all tradeB, with the exception of those connected with house- building. The high price of metal has bad the effect of consider- ably reducing orders in the trade. The bootmakers are also short of work, tho first time for many months. At- Sandridgo there is nothing doing, and the stevedores' men are entirely out of employment. Owing to the high price of stock, several of the meat pre- serving establishments have been obliged to stop operations, and this has had the offect of throwing a great many tinsmiths and butchers out of work. In the cabinetmaking trade there are also many men out of employ. La many instances tho slackness noticeable is almost entirely owing to the unprecedented long continuance of the wet weather, and with tbe approach of spring we may look for renewed activity. Though this is the slack time of the year for household servants, the dimond for first-class domestics still fartx ceeds the supply. The wet weather has caused a large number of labouring men to be thrown out of work. The following are the rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £26 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, receive from £35 to £52 per annum : male ao.. 20s. to 70s, per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £35 per annum ; laundresses, £30 to£40 per annum. For Hotels-Cooks, mole and female, £50 to £100peraniium ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Stations-First-class married couples for home stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £52 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-<-Men cooks, £40 to £52 per annum ; married couples, £50 to £00 per do. ; female general servants, £25 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Wool sorters and classors get 20s. per 1,000 sheep ; drovers get from lös; to 20s. per week ; general station hands, 15s. to 20s. do. ; grooms and stockmen, 20s. do. ; shearers, 12s. to 18s. per 100 sheep. Farm Servants. - Ploughmen receive 25s. per week; teamsters, 20a. do. ; ordinary labouring men, 15s. to 20s. do. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Stonemasons and plasterers receive 10s. per day ; carpenters from 8s. to 9s. per do.; slaters, 10s. to 11s. per do.; bricklayers, 10s. per do.; labourers, from 6s. to 7s. per do,; pick-and-shovel mon, 6s. per do, The day's work is eight hours, Cabinetmakers.-There is not much work doing in this trade just now. The average earnings of good tradesmen are 9s. per day, though some superior hands get higher wages. Second-class workmen earn from 35s. to 40s, per week. i Painters and Glaziers.-Fair tradesmen ro ceive from 9i. to 10s. per day. This trade is fully supplied. » Plumbers and Gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Ironworkers.-The rates paid in this trade are as follow :-Boilermakers, smiths, fitters, and turners, 10s. per day; labourers, 7a. per do. Brossfinishers and Coppersmiths. - Com- petent hands in these trades are rather scarce, and earn from 10s, to 11s. per day. Tinsmiths.-Tho rates paid at the meat preserving works aro as follow :-Best work- men, £3 to £4 per week of 8 hours per day. In the trade, the rate is from £210s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. At present thoro are a good many men out of employment. Forriers.-First-class firemen get £2 15s. per week j door-men receive £2 10s. per do. Inferior workmen receive\from £1 10s, to £8 per week. Farriers' for the country receive from 20s. to 30s. per week, with their board and lodging. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is tono by the piece ; the wages fixed by the trado are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Tallow casks are made for 6s. Gd. each. There is very little work doing just now. Watchmakers.-The genoral rate of wages in this trade is £4 per week, though some of the superior workmen get as high as £0. Jewellers.-In the manufacturing jewellers' establishments the, wc-rkmon receive from £2 15s. to £3 l63. For the finer work the wages range from £5 to £6 per week. Good tradesmen can get full employment. Bootmakers.-The business in this trade has fallen off dnring the past month. Few orders havebeen received at the manufactories, aud large numbers of the hands are obliged to take a holiday.' The rates paid remain the same. For rivetting children's boots as low as (id. per pair has been paid, and Is. for women's boots, lOd. for boys, and Is. 3d. for men's boots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trade the rates paid remain about the same. In a few of the best shops the rates paid are-Wellingtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. Cd. ; closing, 8s. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate poid is Is. >per hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In factories, the rates vary, the men being often paid by tho piece. Where wages are paid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. Hatters,-The business in this trade is increasing. Bodymakers receive 20s. per dozen ; finishers, 24s. per dozen ; shapers, Gs, to 12s. per dozen ; crown sewers, 5s. per dozen ; trimmers, 8s. per dozen. Clothing Factories.-In factories where the work is done on the premises the wages earned are as follow :-Tailoresses, from £1 to £115s, per week ; pressors, £2. From 12s. to 15s. is earned at shirt-making in factory hours, but the greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 6. Saddlers.-In the best shops there is plenty of work for good tradesmen, The earnings are about £210s. per week. The commoner sorts of work is not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s. to 30s, per week. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Tannera and Curriers.-Boamsmen receive 40s. to 50s. per week ; shedsmen, 42s. to 453. per do.; tanners, 38s. to45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can carn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Gardeners,-There is not much work doing in this trade at present owing to the ground being BO wet. The rates paid are:-Best workmen, for situations near town, 40s, to 45s. per week without rations ; for situations in the country, 20s. to 30«. per week, with rations; inferior hands for the country re- ceive from 15s. to 20s. per week, with rations, Coachbnilders.-For this time of the year, business in this trade is very fair. Smiths receive from £210s. to £3 10s. per week. A few hands earn as high as £4 per week. Body makers-Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good hands ure from £2 10s. to £3 per week. Wheelers -All this work is done by the piece. Painters receive from 9B. to 11s, per day. Trimmers earn from £3 to £3 10s. per week. In this trade the day's work is 10 hours. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. There are no regular hours for work in this trade. - Butchers.-iShopmen receive from 35s, to 50s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 60s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (pork butchers) receive 40s. to 60s, per week. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s, to 40s. per week ; coachmen receive from 40s. to 50s. per do. Stevedores' Men, &c-Lumpers; get 10s. and 12s. per day, when in work, but at present there is scarcely a thing doing in the trade. Engineers in tow-boats and donkey-engine drivers receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this I rade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Printers.-The rate paid in this trade is Is. per 1,000. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers are paid £3 per week ; binders, £3 per week ; paper-rulers, £3 Ss. per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully sup- plied. Navvies,-The rate paid the men employed on the North-Eastern Railway is 9d. per hour. Miners,-The average rate for miners in tho Ballarat district is £2 5s, per week;, eight hour shifts ; breaksmen get a slightly higher rato of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10s. ¡ordinary quartz-miners gat £2 5s.por week; engineers receive £3 to £3 10s, In Bendigo, most ef the work is done on tribute. In Alexandra, miners receive £210s. per week, most of the work in Gipps Land is done by | contract ; where wages are paid, the men re- ceive from £2 10s. to £3. MEAT-PRESERVING. Very little preserving is going on, owing to the continued high price and poor quality of sheep. There appears to be only two factories where operations aro still carried OD, viz., the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company I and the Australian. All the establishments ] in tbe country districts have deemed it ad- visable to suspend work until prices como down, which will be after shearing. Though but a small quantity of meat has been pre- served for two months past, yet the vanous companies have had stocks enough on hand to keep up a large exportation, and in the tour weeks ending August 4, no less than 995,6361b. wero shipped, chiefly for London. The second general half-yearly meeting of the Riverine Moat preserving Company was held on the 8th inst ; Mr. J. Cochran occupied the chair. The report showed that the profits of the company's operations to 8th August amounted to £1,060 3s. lid., of which £1.585' 14s. was made np to the 31st December, 1871. The directors bad fixed a moderate value on the produce shipped for London, and thoy were confident that there would be a con- siderable Burplus to be placed to the credit of the company. Since its establishment the company had shipped 10,900 cases of meat and 500 tons of tallow. No account sales had been received yet, but the meats had been most favourably reported upon by the agents in London. Since the formation of the company 34.941 -beep and 701 head of cattle had been slaughtered. In consequence of the high price of fat stock, woik had been discontinued for the present, but the directors would be prepared to resume opérations as soon as the price of stock would enable them to do so at a profit. The report and balance sheet were adopted. THE WEATHER. Cold, wet, and most unpleasant weather bos prevailed during the month. Fears have been entertained of floods in varions parts of the country, but happily up to the present none of any moment have occurred, although ia many places the low-lying lands are par- tially submerged. During the last few days the cold has been unusually severe. In some localities near Melbourne both sleet and snow fell in considerable quantities. On Friday lost the steamer from Geelong brought up some snow on the deck, and the men on the Queen's Whnrf were able to in dulge in the unwonted amusement of snowballing. In some of the country dis- tricts there was quite a heavy fall of snow. On the Sandhurst line of railway, the quantity of snow was so considerable as to' impede the traffic The continued snowfall in the Wood's Point district has rendered the Yarra road dangerous and almost impassable. The total rainfall, as registered at the Observatory, was on August 10th 19 20in. since the begin, uing of the year, as compared with lG'GSin. during the same period in 1871. A distinct shock of earthquake was felt at Maldon, about 5 o'clock on the morning of August 8tb. A rare meteorological phenomenon in the shape of a fogbow was observed at the same place on the morning of August 1. As described, its arch had a span of about 200 yards, and at the extremities of the legs it appeared tobe about 20ft. thick, gradually tapering to about 2ft. in the centre, and clearly defined. The sun at the time was about lOdeg. above the horizon, and shining clearly. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traffic on the Govern- ment Railways for the week ending 1st August show a considerable increase over the returns for the corresponding period of last year in all branches of traffic. The passenger traffic gives a return of £3,327 10s. 1d., as compared with £3,085 15s. 9d., the return for the corresponding period of last year, showing an increase of £2414s. 2d: in favour of the pre- sent year. The- goods traffic gives a return of £6,167 3s. 6d. as against £5,251183.4d. last year, showing an increase in, favour of the present year amounting to £915 5s. Id. The total returns for the week amount to £11,138 3s. 2d,, as against £9,987 19s. Id., showing an increase of £1,150 4s. Id. in favour of the present year. The aggregate returns to date from the 1st July amount to £51,307183., as compared with £9,987 19s. Id, the return for the corresponding period of last year, showing an increase in favour of the present year amounting to £1,618 5s. 7d. The weekly average for five weeks is £10,261 llSj/7d., as ogainst £9,937 18s. 6d" the averagérfor last year, showing a weekly increase of £32312s. Id. in favour of the present year. The following are the gross returns from the 1st January in each year :-Traffic to 6th August, 1868, £326,940 7s. 9d.; to 5th August, 1869, £337,623193.; to Uth August, 1870, £329,752 15s. 5d.; to 10th August, 1871, £335,912 2s. Id.; to 8th August, 1872. £308,3916s. 5d. The returns of the trafile on the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway for the period from 1st July to 1st August, 1872, com- pare very favourably with the returns from 1st July to 3rd August last year. The amount received for the passenger traffic is £8,811 Cs. Gd., as against £8,206 9s. 3d. last year, showing an increase of £59417s. 2d. in favour of the present year. The goods traffic gives a return of £3,38193. 2d. as against £2,003 2*. 2d. last j ear, showing an increase in this branch of £388 6s. lid. in favour of the prosent year. The total returns amonnt to £12,19215s. 7d., as a gain st £10,20911s. 5d., showing an increase of £1,983 4s. 2d. as compared with last year, with two days' returns less. The weekly average is £2,667 3s. 5d., as against £2,10119s. ia. last year, showing a weekly increase in favour of the presentíyear amounting to £565 4s. 1d. EXTRAORDINARY SUICIDE AT ADELAIDE. An extraordinary suicide has boen com- mitted at Adelaide, South Australia. On the 23rd July two letters, a document which pur- ported to be a will, and a box of 70 sovereigns, were handed to Dean Russell, of Adelaide. The letter addressed to Mr. Russell was from George E. Massey, who said:-"Will you oblige me by keeping the accompanying letters, &c;, till Wednesday, and then kindly forward them to the Dean of Melbourne? It .would be out of place for me to pretend you did not hear of me when all Adelaide seems to know me, though a perfect stranger ,here." The letter then proceeded to speak of attempts which had been made to kill him by undermining the floor of his room, and by placing a chimney so as to make it fall upon him. Early next morning the dean was aroused from sleep by the noise of a pistol shot, and two yards from his front door he found a man lying dead, shot through the temple, apparently with a revolver, still held in tbe right hand. The deceased was Massey. Sufficient ovidence was produced at the in- quest to show that the deceased was of un- sound mind. Ho had been in Adelaide about a fortnight, and during the time ho had met with a. hatter named Robert Stephenson, who recognised bim to be the same Massey that he had known 14years before, ona gold-field in Victoria, where he was spoken of as " the gentleman digger," from the comforts he used to have about him. The coroner opened the letter to the dean of Melbourne, and also the document that accompanied it. In the letter Massey stated that he intended to kill him- self, because he had been tired out of ex- istence by the horrible attempts upon his life. The document was a will, dated July 22, and opening with the words-"I, George Ed- ward Massey, fourth son of the Honble. John and Maria Massey, of Dublin." He bequeathed out of a sum of money in the hands of the Dean of Melbourne, or owing to him, by other persons, £400 to the poor of Ireland and of this colony, as well as £100 each to the Benevolent Asylums at Melbourne and Dublin. The verdict of the jury was that de- ceased shot himself while in a state of un- sound mind. George Edward Massey was a a member of a family pretty well known in Ireland, his father being the Hon. John Massey, son of Lord Clarina. He came out to Victoria a few months since. He had been here before, but had returned to Ireland, where his father died in 1869 or 1870, leaving him some money. On his coming back to this city he renewed an acquaintance he had formed with the Dean of Melbourno. The dean soon saw that he was labouring under an hallucination that there was a conspiracy against him to murdor him. AU his relatives in the old country, and nearly all his friends and acquaintances there and here, were, he alleged, in this conspiracy. Indeed, lie only appears to have drawn the line at the Dean of Melbourne when repeating his mad charges ; for he was never heard to say that the rev. gentleman was one of the conspira- tors. He got into the habit even here of accusing everyone in whose house he lodged of endeavouringtokillhim, and his disordered brain stumbled along in the same line of thought in Adelaide. On all other snbjects besides these alleged conspiracies, he spoke rationally. At tbe dean's request, Mr. Rudall, surgeon, examinod him while in Melbourne, but stated that, though -his intellect was by no means sound, he was not mad enough, or violent enough, for the Yarra Bend Asylum. Mr. Rudall recommended that a medical man should be got to travel with him, and, being unable to find one willing to undertake the duty, he was in treaty with a non-professional gentleman, whoso services Mr. Massey had consented to accept when he suddenly disap- peared. He went to Adelaide, in order, as be said, to ".hido himself from his pursnors," and while there he took occasionally tho name of Dillon. In the will, he spoke of having left £700 in the hands of the Dean of Melbourne. The statement was quite correct Whether the will, which was made two days before he shot himself, can be regarded as valid, is very doubtful. It wildly charges some of his nearest kin with attempts to poison him. All the money, except £30 bequeathed to the acquaintance he met in Adelaide, is given away to the poor, and his effects are left to his brother, the Rev, J. M. Massey, Beresford,dean of Kilmore, county of Fermanagh, Stephen- son was one of the witnesses to the signature of the will. The behaviour of the deceased in Adelaide let persons see that his mind was unsound, but they did not suppose that he he meant to commit suicide. SMALL-POX IN AUSTRALASIA. Particulars wore given in tho last sum- mary of the outbreak in Australasia of small-pox, introduced by persons arriving in steamers running the mail service between here and California. No deaths besides the three then reported have been caused by the disease in Victoria, and the two or three patients at that date ill from i it have since entirely recovered, as have also one or two other persons~who'recoivoá the contagion. Owing, in fact, to the precaution- ary measures promptly taken by the authori- ties, the disease was confined to Sandhurst, an inland mining district, where it first broke out and even there it has now been entirely suppressed, no fresh caso having been reported for some three weeks. All the patients, who bad been confined in a sanatorium built for the purpose, wero discharged as cured a few days ago. The total number attacked by small-pox in this colony did not exceod a dozen. It is generally believed that the disease would not have been combated, even, as successfully as it has been, had it not been for the exceptionally cold weather we have lately had ; and as the disease still exists in places with which wo are in frequent communi- cation, the authorities have not lessened their vigilance. The Central Board of Health has issued directions as to measures to be taken in case of another outbreak of the disease ; and any infringement of these regulations is punishable with a penalty of £20. The board has also urged on the Government an amendment of the Vaccination Act, so as to make it compulsory on anyone knowing of a case of the disease to at once report it to the authorities. The persons who introduced the disease into Victoria arrived by the steamer Hero, from Auckland, Now Zealand, and were conveyed from San Francisco to Auckland by the steamer Nebraska. The Hero has since been quarantined ia New South Wales. One of its passengers has lately died there from small-pox, and the malady has attacked the doctor of the steamer at the quarantine station. In South Australia the outbreak of the disease on this continent caused great oxcitement. A new vaccination law was passed, and the authorities seem to be qua- rantining all intercolonial vessels arriving lhere if anyone on board has so much as one pimple on him. But all the colonies have a careful inspection now of all vessols arriving at their ports from any place in the Pacific Ocean. New Zealand seems to have fared worse than any other portion of Australasia, some half-dozen persons having died from it there. As fast as thoy appear, however, the cases ore isolated, and other precautionary means are taken. The Nebraska having made another trip to Honolulu, with passen- gers for San Francisco, was, on her return to Wellington in July, placed in quarantine, and a prosecution has been begun against her commander, Captain Harding, for breach of the quarantine regulations, by giving false and evasive answers to the pilot, The case was adjourned till the 7th instant The captain has written to the papers relative to a statement made that he had reported that there was no small-pox in Honolulu. Ho alleges that he reported that there was no small-pox in that city, but that he added there were 26 cases among the natives at an hospital on the reef, one mile and a half to leeward of the city. At all events it is clearly proved that on the previous trip the Nebraska introduced small-pox into New Zealand, either from Honolulu or San Fran* cisco. The vaccination and quarantine laws there are to be amended. A very large number of the colonists are being vacci- nated or re vaccinated. One doctor at Auckland reports having vaccinated 257 per- sons in one day, Tho outbreak has caused consternation among the natives, and some ef the chiefs have ordered their tribes not to ' enter Auckland or other centres of white population for the present. It may be added that the Hawaaian Gazette writes with refer mee to small-pox in the Sandwich Islands, that, of 30 cases reported up to July 3, seven had terminated fatally, and that the Board of Health was making every effort to protect the people of Honolulu by vaccination. RACING. The only race meeting held daring the last month has been the Geelong Winter Steeple- chase Meeting, which came off on the 2nd inst. The weather was dry, bnt bitterly cold, Tbo course was not so heavy as might havo been expected from its position and the great quantity of rain that has fallen this winter. There was a fair attendance, and the club will probably realise a small surplus from the meeting. Five horses started for the Maiden Steeplechase, which was won by Skylark, who kept the lead from start to finish : Baldy was second. The Sell- ing Hurdle Race was won by Black Bess, ufter a good race with Roger, Hector, tbe only other starter, falling at the first hurdle. Five horses started for the Handicap Steeplechase, the winner being Typo ; Sheet Anchor was a good second, and Brownie a bad third. A-protest was lodged against the winner, but.dismissed by the stewards^ -The Trotting Match was won by Clansman;1>eat ing four others. There was a protest against the winner in this race, which was also < dismissed. The Selling Steeplechase was won by Black Bess, after a fine finish with Coun- cillor; five others started. His Excellency the Governor went down by the special train, and was on the course during the racing, returning to Melbourne by the special train at 6 p.m. Owing to the very unfavourable state of the weather, the Steeplechase Meeting at Croxton park has been postponed three times. The entries for the Kilmore Steeplechasos haye ulled very well, and as there is now a railway to that town, the meeting will likely prove a successful one, Both the metropolitan packs of hounds have bad very indifferent sport of late. On many occasions the hounds were not taken out in consequence of the country being sofhoavy. Two shipments of horses for the Indian market have left this port during the past month by the ships Ben Ledi and Lady Octavia. The latter vessel takes some very highly-bred stock, of which we may yet hear on the Indian turf. Among them was a horse called Mel oourne, by Kelpie out of My Mary Anne, imported. This horse was sent to a Melbourne training-stable, to be prepared for the Mel- bourne Cup, but nothing being known of his breeding or qualifications, the entry was neglected, and he was shipped before his true character was known. THE THEATRES, &c.; In the course of a few weeks, Melbourne will probably be better supplied with theatrical amusement than it has been for many months past. Since the destruction of the Royal and the Haymarket Theatres, and tho occupation of the Princess's as an opera-house, there has been no regular theatre for the representation of tho drama, and St George's ball and tho Polytechnic-neither of which is suitable for the purpose-had to be utilised instead. It is satisfactory, therefore, to record that a handsome theatre, to be named the Prince of Wales, capable of holding 2,500 persons, has been built on the site of the old Varieties, Bourko-street Mr. L, M. Bayless is the first lessee, and he will open in the course of a week or two with a company, of which Mrs. Gladstane, an American actress of acknowledged ability, and a favourite in Melbourne, is the leading lady. The opera season having closed, the Princess's was re- opened for dramatic performances lost even- ing, under the management of Mr. Stuart O'Brien and Mr. Holmes. Tbey have got together a capable company, of which Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Stcolo, Miss Juno, and Mr. O'Brien are the principal members. The season was opened with a drama, written by Mr. Marcus Clarke, a local author. It is called "Plot" and its chief incidents are adapted from Dumas's novel, The Vicomte de Bra- gelonne. During the month the late Mr. Robertson's charming comedies, "School" and "M.P.," have been prodnced to good houses at St. George's-hall. The former has had au unusually long run, and the latter was also very successfully represented, and is still very popular. The honours of tho piece wero carried off by Mr. Appleton, whose Duns combe Dunscombo was pronounced a very finished and elegant performance. Miss Sbepporde as Ruth, the Quakeress, also played extremely welL With the view of supple- menting the attractions, Mr. Coppin engaged Rickards, the comique, and later still Mr. and Mrs, Bennee, who recently arrived from India with the reputation of being good actors of tho legitimate school. They appeared in the " Lady of Lyons," " Hamlet,"and "Katherine and Petruchio," a mutilated edition of the "Taming of the Shrew." They were the reverse of successful, and after playing three nights, their engagement terminated. On August 9 Mr. G. Coppin took a benefit It was tendered to him by the members of his company, in acknowledgement of tho con- sideration shown by him towards thom ia undertaking the responsibility of a dramatic season at St George's-hall, after the burning of tbe Royal. There was a largo attendance. Mr. Coppin appeared in " Milky White " and " Under My Thumb," and also delivered one of his characteristic managerial addresses. Ho announced that on this occasion ho took his farewell for ever from the sole respon- sibility of management, as in associating himself with Harwood and Co., ho would not be required to take any active part in the management of the Royal. Tho company will leave for Adelaide this week, and will return in about three months to open the new Theatre Royal. The cc-operative company at the Poly technic have been playing all the month with tolerable success. The limited- stage accom- modation at their . command has prevented the pieces produced from being presented as completely as could be desired; bat the public bave recognised tbe spirited attempts of tbo management, and have patronisod the theatre without being too critical. MUSIC. Italian opera has occupied since our last writing the principal place in musical matters here. During the last month there havo been excellent performances ot "Rigoletto," "I Puritani," and " Gli rjgonotti," besides others that were produced earlier in the season. Au uninterrupted and successful season of 13v weeks' duration was brought to a close oifTou Saturday evening, the 10th inst, when "Gli """'«Si Ugonotti" was played for the benefit of Mr. Lyster, one of the firm of management Theró was a crowded audience, and the highest satisfaction was shown by those present at the generally satisfactory nature of the perform- ances presented throughout the season. Daring this period of 13 weeks tho management produced 19 operas. Five by Verdi, namoly " Macbeth," " Un Bollo in Maschera," '* La Traviata," "II Trovatore," and "Rigoletto;" four by Donizetti-"Lucia di Lammermoor," "Lucrezia Borgia," "La Figlia del Reggimento," and " Don Pasqnale;" three by Meyerbeer- " Roberto il Diavolo," "L'Africaine," and "Gli Ugonotti;" threo by Bellini-" Norma," "La Sonnambula," and "IParitani ;" and four other works, as S . X.-U principal successes of the company have been in their heaviestundertakings, and their performances of the works of Meyerbeer, Bellini, and Gounod have been highly meritorious. Speaking in general terms, the company have fully deserved the marked success that has attended the whole season. Mr. Lyster, in making the customary farewell speech on his benefit night, stated that the success of the season just closing would encourago him and his partner to try to do even better" when they should return again to Melbourno with fresh talent in May, 1873, The company, strengthened by the leading singers of Mr. Lyster's English opera troupe, have gone fora season of 12 nights to Ballarat. After that they go to Sydney, New Zealand, and Adeiaido, making much the same kind of tour as they did last year. The Kennedy family, whom wo mentioned in our last, have had a short rest from their very successful labours, and bcgaa again their entertainment of Scottish song last night The success of this family of five persons has been very great indeed. Their performance is of a respectable and homely kind, without any pretension to superi- ority on account of vocal merit Bv way of acknowledgement for the great success they had met with, they gave a benefit for the Melbourne charities at tho Town-hall, which resulted most successfully. The opening of the great organ in the Towu hall was fixed by the mayor and council to take place on Thursday, 8th August. On that date, and on Saturday, 10th August, concerts were given, consisting principally of organ rmiBic, relieved by the singing of Mrs. Cutter, Miss Christian, and Signor Susini The moneys taken for admission to these evonts is to be divided amongst the Melbourne charities, and the mayor of Melbourne (Mr. 0. Fenwick) has undertaken to defray all the charges m connexion with them out of his private purse. There was much public dis- satisfaction expressed that the organ should be inaugurated during the last nights of tho opera season, and especially on nights when the managers of that entertainment were ta take their benefits. Tho City Council were obstinate in maintaining their appointment and the result was that the concerts at the " opening of the Melbourno organ were a failure in point of attendance The instrument itself, built by Hill and Son, London, is of a very noble quality indeed, which was well displayed during the opening performances by Mr. David Lee of this city, the organist ap- pointed by the mayor for the occasion. It is stated that it will have cost nearly £7,000 by tho time the decoration of it has been com- pleted. This untowprd opposition between the City Corporation and tho managers of the opera has turned the tide of popular favour entirely in the direction of the latter, who have announced a grand concert in the town hall for Saturday, 17th August, with a chorus of 600, four different organists, and all the members of the Italian company. The house promises to be donsely crowded, as sittings are already being bought np with eagerness. The fee to be paid for the use of tho organ for the next two months is to be £35 per night. Rent of room about £25 per night There has beon only one other concert of 'any importance during the month, and that was a complimentary benefit to Mr. Adam Clerke, at the Town-hall, on the 27th ult', at which Mrs. Howitz, Mrs. Cutter, Miss Christian, Mr. Donaldson, and Mr. Rainford sang. A new mass, which is spoken of vory highly, was performed for thejÄrst time at St Francis's Roman Catholic Cathedral on Sunday morning, 11th August. It is tho com- position of Signor Giorza, who arrived here recently as conductor to the Agatha States Opera Company. Tho movement for the establishment here of a School of Music, on the model of the Royal Academy of Music in London, is making progress. THE VOLUNTEERS. The Government have resolved upon a very judicious course in order to make our volun- teers and local artillery force thoroughly efficient They have determined to Bend Captain Snee to England for 12 months, in order that be may become thoroughly cou versant with all the recent improvements in in the science of Cillery and other modern advances in the t¿ ,$ warfare. Captain Snoe is thoroughly acquainted with the require- ments of the colony ; ho knows what has been done here," and what material wo have at our command. He bas also proved himself a most energetic and efficient officer, and conducting all his observations at home with au accurate appreciation of what the colony requires', he cannot but gain experience whioh will be of great value to us. The next meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association has been fixed for the 14th, loth, and 16th November. Hythe position this year is to be entirely done away with. Last year tbe only range in which this position was enforced was at 200 yards, in the Representa- tive Match, nnd tbis is now made "any position," in order to meet the views of a large majority of shooting men, and those < xperienced in military matters, who state that no army or body of men would nowa- days be insane enough to stand up in line against the breech-loading rifles and arms of precision that would be brought to bear against them. It was anticipated that theso matches would be fired with new breeoh loading rifles, but thero is now no probability of the volunteer force being supplier^ with them for some time to come. The. pro- gramme, therefore, in this respect is similar to that of 1871, though, with the few Sniders that can be placed at the disposal of the council for the matches, it is intended that the public shall have an opportunity of judg- ing between the now obsolete muzzle-loader and a breech-loader of a very inferior pattern to that the British army are now to be armed with. _._ OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS. The inclemency of the weather has greatly interfered with all out-door amusements this month. A pedestrian match, between Mr. Manning, a New Zealand amateur, and Frank Hewitt, the English runner, has had to bo postponed several times on this account _ DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following is a list of the deaths (exclu- sive of natives) that have taken place in tho Melbourne Hospital sinco onr last snmmary, specifying, as far as are known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, date of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the cause of death : Brice, John, shoemaker, aged 23, native of Capo of Good Hope, arrived in 1851, ship un- known, died July 20 of morbus cordis. Cooper, Ann, oged 53, native of Liverpool : arrived inl85C by the George Duncan : died July 17, of ovarian tumour. Clark, James D., draper's assistant, oged 32, native or London ; arrived in 1857 by the Stebonheath ; died July 17, of softening of the brain. Cor- less, William, labonrer, aged 46, native ot Yorkshire; arrived 1853, by the John Knox, died July 25, of pneumonia. Cannon, Patrick, quarryman, aged 33, native of Ireland, arrived in 1859, ship unknown ; died Jnly2u, of accidental injuries. Elliott, Benjamin, dealer, aged 25, native of London ; arrived in 1865 by the Somerset- shire ; died July 29, from the effects of an accidental fall from a horse. Francis, Thomas, carter, aged 37, native or .Liverpool ; arrived in 1867 by the Mysteries of va?aris; died July 31st, of phthisis. Farrell, .Stephen, hawker, aged 74, native of Ireland ; ¿irivedin 1852, ship unknown; died August 5\. of bronchitis. Foster, Clara Mary, aged 23 native of Gravesend ; arrived in 1858, ship unknown; died July 15, of exhaustion, from syphilis. Froggitt, Ann, aged 31, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1853 by the Martin Luther ; died July 16, of phthisis. Green, Arthur W., warehouseman, aged 36, native of Essex ; arrived in 1872, by the Northumberland ; died July 18, of phthisis. Henrickson, John, carpenter, aged 44, native of Finland ; arrived in 1860, by the Louisa ; died July 21, of diabetes. Jones, John, labourer, aged 26, native of Wales ; arrived in 1872, ship unknown ; died July 22, of phthisis. Lightbody, Jane, aged 60, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1852, by the British Queen ; died July 21, of phthisis. Mullett, Ellen, domestic, aged 28, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1856, by the Argo ; died July 19, of phthisis. Martin, William, draper, aged 34, native of Cheshire ; arrived in 1869, by the Stockbridge ; died July 23, of phthisis. Mitchell, John, horse-dealer, aged 40, native of Scotland; arrived in 1859, ship unknown ; died July 26, of phthisis. Provonzanio, Baiggo, labourer, aged 40, native of Malta ; arrived in 1853, ship un- known ; died, July 14, of aneurism of aorta, t> Smith, James, seaman, aged 50, native of Antwerp ; arrived in 1869, by the Kate Walters ; -died, July 24, of aneurism. Talbot, Thomas, miner, aged 26, native of .Ireland; arrived in 1860, by the British Tri- dent ; died, August 5, of typhoid fevor. Watt Andrew, seaman, aged 26, native of Shetland ; arrived in 1808, by the Lady Darling ; died, July 14, of phthisis. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The business of the session has been brought to a close. Parliament has passed the esti- mates, and that is very nearly all the work it has done. A great deal of time was devoted -to the Border Customs Bill, but the Council throw it out on the second reading. The (Government showed a feeling of impatience at the action of the Council, and in the As- sembly gave notice of a motion which affirmed that as the Council had gone directly in the face of the expressed wish of the constituencies, the Assembly by itself should authorise the Government to make arrangements with Victoria. The motion, however, was withdrawn. At the same time the Colonial Secretary stated, in answer to a question, that next session he would bring in a bill to make the Council an elective body. The Government could havo made the passage of the Customs Bill safe if they had nomi- nated a few more members, but in Sir James Martin's time the power of nomination was exhausted, and there was not room for any more. There is not, strictly speaking, any limit to the number, but 29 is recognised as the maximum, and the Secretary of State has let the Governors know that the swamping of the Upper House will be'strongly disap- proved of. Sir James Martin exceeded tho maximum by two members. The Assembly has agreed to a vote which gives a conditional support to a mail service with San Francisco. An attempt was made to limit the vote to £25,000 a year, there being a notion that the A.S.N. Company might tender for this as a temporary service with their present vessels. But the proposal was rejected, as the Government is deter- mined not to recommence the service except with thoroughly effective vessels. The Go- vernment also declined to operate with any limited sum that would make it necessary to secure promises of addi- tional assistance from the other colonies. Mr. Parkes wishes to be in a position to deal in the first instance with contractors, and to guarantco the whole subsidy, and then, having provided for a thoroughly effective service to offer the other colonies a participa- tion in it on reasonable terms. Tenders will be invited in England as well as in the colony, and when the approved tender is determined, the amount will have to bo sub- mitted to the Assembly for ratification. Nothing positive, therefore, can be done till the next session of Parliament^ but the Government is now in a position to ask contractors what they will do the work for. In a discussion upon the Defence Estimates the Government undertook next year to pro- vide for an artillery corps only, and to do away with the infantry force. The quarterly returns of the revenue are more satisfactory than any that have appeared for some years past The reviving prosperity of the colony is indicatod in almost every Hue. The high price of wool has given the squatters a fresh stimulus to purchase land, for they are still the principal land buyers, as the only way to keep possession of a run is to get the command of it by securing all the best land. The run upon gold and tin has also greatly increased the demand for mineral leases, and the general activity in all departments of busi- ness is indicated by the increased receipts at tho Custom-house, in the railways, and at the postal and telegraph offices, Tbo net increase last quarter over the corresponding quarter of last year is about £170,000, and if this eau only bo kept up for the rest of the year, the gross revenue will be something like half a million in excess of the Treasurer's original estimate. Of course, os a set off against this increase of revenue, there is an immense demand for expenditure to meet the wants of the population flocking to the mines. The differences between the proprietors of tho Newcastle coal mines and the miners have lasted throughout the past month, and the men have been on strike. The price of coal was as low as 7s. and 8s. a ton when the men took action. They feared that the low price would lead to a diminution of wages shortly, and therefore pressed on the proprie- tors to increase the rates, and reduce the number of hours of working from 16 hours a day in two shifts to nino hours a day in one shift, Several offers were made by the employers, but rejeoted. The last offer seems likely to be accepted. It provides for an immediate advance of wages at the rate of Gd. a ton, conditional on the miners submitting to a reduction after the 1st January if coal shall then fall in price below 10s. a ton, the price to which they now propose .to raise it. Terms might have been more readily agreed upon if the coal proprietors had been unani- mous, but one of them had been standing out for low-priced coal, on the plea that there are too many mines open, and that it would bo advantageous to send the weaker ones to the wall. The stoppage of the mines bas caused great annoyance to the shipping trade. For some time inquiries have been made without success into the mutilation of a number of books and plans in the office of the city surveyor of Sydney. The mutilation dates as far back as May and June last, and seems to have been effected by Bome mis- chievous person woll acquainted with the town-hall offices. An anonymous letter from " the destroying angel" states that the books have been destroyed in retaliation for supposed injuries caused by the mayor and city sur- veyor, for the following words occur in the letter :-"Look here, I hated you both, that I do. You were the cause of putting money out of my pocket and saying bad things of me, and I am going to bo revenged on the wholo corporation. The detectives have been unable to find out who the destroying angel is. At a meeting of the Balmain Regatta Com mitteo a proposal has been made for a champion gig race, open to the world, next year, for a prize of £500. Communications on the subject are to be sent to England and America by this moil. Cases of garotting have occurred in Sydney. Dividends have been declared as follows : City Bank, 6 per cent. ; Commercial Bank, dividend and bonus, equal to 17 per cent ; Joint Stock Bank, 8 per cent ; Shale Com- pany, io per cent. ; Buller Coal Company, 10 per cent, and 12¿ per cent, on preferential shares; AS.N. Company, 6 per cent The Pacific Insurance Company shows a debit balance on the transactions of the half-year ending 20th June. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The overland telegraph progresses, and this week tho gap will be reduced to 50 milos. In the meantime, the cable has remained out of order, The cause of the interruption is not known at this end. It seems not improbable th' (ho land line will bo finished boforo co-, -unication with Java is re-opened. TL* correspondence between the Govern* ment and the British Australian Tele- graph Company has been published. In a letter received by last mail, Lord Monck ltho_ chairman) explains in a deprecatory strain the difficulties of the company's posi- tion m having a capital of £600,000 lying unproductive, and expresses a hope that pputh Australia will not accuse it of anything like malo fides. A survey is to be made of the Roper River with tbe view of facilitating navigation. Measures have been taken for openingup the country, and it is possible that the Govern« ment may erect a branch wire to the Roper. Parliament is shortly to have a five weeks' recess, and when it re-assembles the finances of next year are to be considered. The Land Bill has been passed on to the Upper House. In its leading features it is the same measuro now as when first in- troduced, and as it probably will be after undergoing treatment in the Council. It allows selection up to 610 acres in three blocks, at a price not exceeding 40s. or less than 20s., land being first put up at the higher rate, and then brought down in rapid grada- tions to the lower. Thero are provisions of improvement and cultivation, special facili- ties being offered for the growth of vineyards, orchards, artificial grossesj and so forth. Sub- stituted residence is provided for. but where applications are simultaneous, the personal resident gets the first choice, and may pur- chase his land after five years' occupation. The person who resides vicariously has to pay, like the other, a moderate interest, but he is debarred from handing over any portion of his purchase-money for six years. At the end of that term, he may either pay the whole, or the half, and obtain four years' further credit upon the other half. The principle of no selection before survey is rigidly adhered. to. The trans-continental railway scheme has passed out of public notice for the present Upon reconsideration, the Assembly pro- nounced the bill which the promoters had introduced to be a private and not a public measure, and thus practically put it out of the power of the promoters to proceed. But the Government have promised to give tho vast project early attention. Stringent precautions have been taken against small-pox. Government have intro- duced a new Vaccination Bill. It abolishes the board and substitutes a vaccination officer, whose duties are to procure lymph and distribute it to the public vaccinators, who are paid 3s. Gd. for each successful case. The vaccination is compulsory under a penalty of £2. Consideration has been given to the state of the defences, and it has been resolved that something shall be done to place them upon a satisfactoiy footing. As matters now stand, the colony would have to depend almost entirely on the police force ; for it has no volunteers, and no standing army of any sort. TASMANIA. An unexpected crisis has occurred, and the ending may be considered very peculiar. On the 16th July the Treasurer announced that, in deference to the opinions of many mem- bers, the Government had given up the idea of proposing a charitable rate, and would substitute on income and property tax of 6d. in the £. Although the measuro took with some of the country members, there was a strong feeling of disappointment, both in and out of the House, that Ministers had not redeemed their pledge that a reduction in the estimates was more necessary than increased taxation. Three doys afterwards a motion of want of confidence was brought forward, because " HÍB Excellency's advisers had no financial policy ;" and it was carried by 16 votes to 14. Various attempts were made, in the next three or four weeks, to form a now Government, but without success, and the Governor had to ask the Wilson Ministry to return to office. This they agreed to do, if tho motion of want of confidence was rescinded. Notice of motion was given for rescinding it on the 7th inst. In the northern portion of the colony public indignation was expressed at the proposal that the Legislative Assembly should "eat dirt," and allow the Ministry to resume its place. An impetus seems to have been given by these proceedings to the movement which has manifested itself in the north, for union with Victoria. The shareholders of the Launceston and Western Railway have agreed to hand the line over to Government, and it is to be re-opened immediately. The Launceston Examiner, in a table beaded "Tasmania, Past and Present" shows that there has been a decline in the effective population-"the bread winners" between the ages of 21 and 60 years. From numbering, in 1848, 30,283, they now only come up to 22,451 ; while those under 21 and over CO years of age, have increased from 22,871 in 1848 to 57,891 in 1871. The amount contributed to the general revenue by the effective male population per head was, in the year first mentioned, £4 Ga., but last year it had swelled up to £14 10s. The deposits in the banks bad nearly doubled. The number of sheep had diminished by about 900,000, cattle having increased by some 5,000 head since 1851, , QUEENSLAND. The most satisfactory item of political news is, that the finances of the colony are in a flourishing state, and this year, almost for the first time, there will be a surplus. The improvement on the receipts from the rail- way traffic looks well ; it has been in a great measure caused by the two mines in the War- wick district, where a considerable population is now settled down. A new loan of £1,466,500 at 4 per cont. has been proposed. It is, in fact, intended as a substitute for the 6 por cent, loans about to fall in. The bill for the redistribution of seats, which provides for 11 new electorates, will bo one of the acts of the session, but it will not come into operation for 12 months or more, because time has to be allowed for the preparation of new rolls. Mining seems to bo thriving. A number of Cornish miners had arrived by the Indus, and gone to the tin field. Coppor mines aro said to be increasing in richness. Parliament has voted £8,000 for railway surveys, and the proposed lino from Brisbane to Ipswich is to bo laid out afresh. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The elections for the Legislative Council have taken place, and nine out of 12 mem- bers have been re-elected. There is reported to have been much public excitement over the case of Mr. L. C. Burges, J.P., who when travelling with sheep from Nichol Bay to Murchison River, some months ago, shot an aboriginal. This is in Western Australia a capital offence. Mr. Burges was lately brought before the polico magistrate and three justices at Perth, on the charge of having shot a native, with intent to kill. The Bench committed him for trial for the minor offence of shooting with intent to do bodily barm, and admitted him to bail. This seems to have aroused the indignation of the Attorney-General, who instantly filed a bill against Mr. Burges for the capital offence, and had him re-arrestod under a Bench warrant. The .Government next sus- pended Mr, Landor, the police magistrate ; the three justices resigned. In the mean- time, the trial of the prisoner stands postponed for the production of witnesses. Though the public don't sympathise with the feeling that a gentlemen on trial for a crime ought to receive moro consideration than one of the lower classes, yet they seem to think that Mr. Landor, P.M., has been hardly dealt with, and thoy mean to petition the Secretary of State to rcstoro him to the Bench. The winter of 1872 has been astormy one. A severe gale was experienced on the Coast for about a fortnight It began on the 15th June. At Fremantle much damage was done to the pier by the violence of the sea. NEW ZEALAND. The Parliament of New Zealand was opened at Wellington on the 16th ult, and there is every indication of a stormy session. His Excellency the Governor in his opening speech congratulated the Parliament on the general tranquillity which prevailed through- out the native districts. On his second tour through the interior he had, he said, been everywhere treated by the natives with the greatest respect and hospitality, and had re- ceived from them the strongest assurances of their desire to cultivate friendly relations with the European colonists. He also offered his congratulations on the steady development and prosperous condition of the agricultural, mining, and pastoral industries. Ho men- tioned that the measures to be submitted would include bills to consolidate and amend the laws relating to gold-mining, to reduce the postage on newspapers within the colony, to make more liberal the terms on which draw- backs were granted, to encourage fisheries, to amend tbe laws relating to public revenues, to amend the law of bankruptcy, to provide for the appointment of publio trustees, to consolidate the laws relating to elections, and to extend the franchise. In the House of Representatives, the address in reply was agreed to without amendment ; but, m the Council a motion was adopted censuring the Government for not having a representative of the Ministry in that Chamber, and for the unprepared state of their business. The Go- vernment accepted the censuro, and next day it was announced that Mr. John Hall had joined the Cabinet without office, and had resigned his seat in the House of Representa- tives in order to take a seat in the Legislative Council. It was further understood that the Hon. J. Millar would alsojointheCabinet with- out office, andwouldassistMr, HalL The latest political intelligence is to the effect that a change of Ministry, or a rocontruction of the Cabinet is possible, The Opposition is strong numerically, but disunited, and with- out a defined policy. As anticipated, the Provisional Council question has come on early for discussion. A considerable section of the House require the Go- vernment to bring down a measure dealing comprehensively with provincial instituions and defining their functions. The superin- tendents of the provinces demand that they should bo appointed Government agents to carry on public works under the powers of delegation provided by the Public Works Act, and that the office of Resident Minister for the Middle Island should be abolished. Tho Ministry, it was understood, would not accept these terms, nor consent to entrust the delegated powers to all the superintendents, although willing to retain a discretionary power to do BO when advisable. If the pro- vincial party insisted upon the proposal, and defeated the Ministry, the latter would probably ask for a dissolution. The Govern« ment have announced their intention not to introduce the Education Bill this session, owing to the conflict of opinion and denomi- national differences, and the renewed energy displayed by the provinces in matters of education, A Life Assurance Companies Bill, the object of which is to compel all assurance companies having branches in New Zealand to deposit a sum in proportion to the business they do, for the security of the policy holders, has passed its second reading. A Srivate bill to legalise marriage with a eceased wife's sister has been read a first time, and a committee has been appointed to consider the advisability of establishing a mint in New Zealand. Parliament will be asked to sanction the con- tract for a San Francisco mail service entered into conjointly with the Duffy Government, though the present Victorian Ministry refuse to recognise the arrangement. Mr. Friberg, who was sent to Scandinavia as an im- migration agent, is returning to the colony, as the Swedish Government require a deposit of £5,000, to be forfeited in case the hopes held out to immigrants are not fulfilled. The extensive railway works undertaken by the Government are being pushed on. Mr. Brogden's tender of £42,000 for the Taieri portion of the Dunedin and Clutha line has been accepted. He has signed the contract for the first eight miles of the Hull Railway, the price, including the cost of rails and rolling stock, being just within £5,000 a mile, and his tender for 34 miles 55 chains of the Clutha line, and two miles of siding, ex- clusive of rails and rolling stock, for £142,000, has been accepted. He has also entered into contracts with the Governmeut for the Napier and Port Napier line, two miles and 10 chains, for £13,732 ; Napier and Pakipaki, 16 miles 10 chains, for £37,075. He has submitted proposals to form a com- pany in London for the construction of Now Zealand railways, but the decision of the Go- vernment is not yet declared. It is said that an English company has offered to construct a line of railway from Point Russell to the Thames, but the terms are kept secret The project has been mooted of connecting New Zealand by cable with Australia. Mr. Vogel, in stating the views of the Government on the question, said that the misfortunes to which deep-sea lines were subject militated against laying a cable on a basis of giving a monopoly to ono company, but he believed one Austra- lian Government would share in a guarantee. His Excellency has returned to Wellington, after making a tour through the recently disaffected districts. There has been a great meeting of the East Coast tribes at Matahua, Ropata's pa, near the East Cape, and about 3,000 were present on tho occasion. The object was to celebrate the final establishment of peace on the coast, and to hoist for the first time Ropata's standard, presented to him by the Government and called " The Power of Ngatiporou." It was reported that a number of natives from Tuhua, with the chief Ularine, had proceeded to Wairahi to demand the surrender of Te KootL A meeting was held at Wairahi on July 15 ; 300 Ngatimani poto, including Rewi and other chiefs, wero present. Ularine urged Rewi to give Te Kooti up to the law, but Rewi, who it is reported has been converted to Te Kooti's religion, declined. Small-pox has not yet been Btamped out, although energetic means are being taken to that end. A fresh case broke out at Auckland as late as August 1, A bill has been introduced to improve the law relating to vaccination and quarantine, and for the better repression of epidemic disease in town and country districts. It has been read a* second time in the House of Representatives. Vaccination is rendered compulsory. The Board of Health recom- mend the introduction of a clause making it compulsory that all unvaccinated persons arriving from foreign ports should be vacci- nated before landing. Greymouth claims to havo ita nama asso- ciated with the Tichborne mystery. Mr. Edward Anchor, of the Commercial Hotel, claims to have been a passenger by the Osprey, which sailed from Glasgow in January, 1854, under the command of Captain Carmichael, for Melbourne. From a paragraph which appeared in the European Mail some time ago, it seems that Captain Carmichael had turned up, and that he stated that "the Osprey remained 10 days at the Cape, and left in Juno, after taking on board a Scotchman, two Irish- men, a Dutchman or Dane, and an English gentleman, who, Captain Carmichael supposes, may have been the Tichborne claimant The stranger stated that he had been in the army and navy. On the voyage they amused themselves by catching albatrosses-a pastime of which the young gentleman was very fond." Mr. Anchor, of Greymouth, on road ing this paragraph, had reason to identify himself with the Dane referred to, seeing that he is a Dane, and that in 1854 he sailed from the Cape for Melbourne in a vessel called the Osprey, and commanded by a captain whose name was Carmichael. The description given of Captain Carmichael exactly coincides with tho character of the captain of the Osprey by which Mr. Ancher came to Melbourne, and the dates of de ture and arrival also coincide. Mr. Ancher corroborates the statement of Captain Car- michael that, among those who took passage by the Osprey to Melbourne, there was a young Englishman, whose appearance and occupations on board ship agree with the descriptions given of young Tichborne, or at least with the descriptions given of the person who pretends to have been young Tichborne at that particular period. Air. Ancher has communicated to the legal representatives of the Tichborne claimant such facts as bo knows regarding the Osprey and the young "English gentleman" who was his fellow passenger to Melbourne. The social news of the month is very un- interesting. It was found necessary on July 12 to send a number of the constabulary to Grahamstown, to prevent a collision between the Ribbon and Orange factions. A destruc- tive fire occurred at Shortland, Thames, on the 15th ult. The gold-fields news is unim- portant. Caledonian shares are again coming into favour. A very severo winter is being experienced. In the Otago district ice 7in. thick has been seen. An extensive discovery of moa bones has boen made on the Glen- mark run, in the Waipora district, Canter- bury. Complete skeletons of spocies of the dinornis- only portions of which have hitherto been discovered-have been found. In addition to tho moa bones, remains of several other representatives of extinct avifauna, which will throw great light upon the animal life in this island in times preceding our own era were also discovered during the excava- tions. _ THE SOUTH SEAS. Matters in Fiji are very quiet The white men who associated themselves to resist the authority of the Government and the collec- tion of taxes have given in. The most pro- minent of the malcontents being summoned to the police court for non-payment of taxes, submitted, and his example will govern the rest. The following are the customs and other duties as contained in a Customs Act which has been passed :-Spirits, cordials, or strong waters sweetened or mixed with any article, in bulk or case, per gallon, Idol. 25c. ; wines in bulk or case, pony and cider in bottles, per gallon, 75c. ; beer and porter in bulk or caBO, cider and perry in bulk, per gallon, 25c ; tobacco, manufactured, 25 per cent ad valorem; cigars, per 1,000, 12dol. COc. ; sugar, per cwt, Idol. 25o. ; firearms, 100 per cent, ad valorem ; all other imports. 5 per cent, ad valorem. Idol. 25c On all unculti- vated lands held by or belonging to absentees, a tax of 10 per cent on assessed annual value ; on all other uncultivated lands held by whites, a tax of 2.J per cent on assessed annual value. The sum or sums mentioned on any stamp or stamps now in use under or in accordance with any rules or regulations heretofore or hereafter made by the Kings Cabinet or any member thereof, under the authority of any act relating to the general post or to the imposition of stamp duties. Shipping, harbour, pilot and light dues -the sum or sums set forth in any act or in any rules or regulations here- tofore or hereafter made by the King's Cabinet or any member thoreof under the authority of such act relating to tho shipping, harbour, and coasting trade. On every native chief in the kingdom, lOdol.; on any other native or aboriginal male above 15 years of age, 5dol.j on overy native female, ldoL ; on every native carrying or possessed of firearms, or a firearm, within the kingdom, 25c. Exemptions from Custom Duties,-AU bread stuffs, meat (salt or preserved), fish (salt or preserved), and potatoes. 2. AU machinery to be used in industrial pursuits, whether packed in whole or in parts. 3. All canvas, woolpacks, and bagging, cordage, tar, copper sheathing, sheathing of other metallic mate- rial, and such other ship chandlery as may from time to time be directed by the King's Cabinet. 4. All iron, excepting nails. 5. Materials specially imported for the construc- tion of bridges, wharves, jetties, or patent slips, excepting timber. 6. Passongers' bag- gage, including firearms for personal use to the number of five pieces per man. 7. Horses, sheep, cattle, and live stock of all kinds. 8, All plants and garden seeds. There has been a good deal of correspond- ence, and some difficulty, in reference to the position and action of the British consul who claims many privileges and immunities to which the Government will by no means admit his right It is understood, however, that the whole matter will bo loft in abeyance pending the decision of the British Govern- ment, the Fijian Cabinet provisionally con- ceding, on the one hand, all that is insisted upon, while, on the other, it reserves its full rights and claims for after adjustment. Thero will be a nice little bill to be met-and either paid or repudiated by and byo. In the mean- time, alf essentials, art? ççnçodeçl, TJIQ authority of the Government aud the courts has not only been fully recognised, but the disaffected have been given distinctly to understand that they must submit and tbey have at length submitted accordingly. The Government are preparing to deal summarily with Ritowa and some others of tbo native chiefs and people who have, to use the common'phrase here, been "giving trouble." With regard to steam postal communica- tion, in the Parliament on tho 13th June the Premier stated that he had been negotiating with the Australian Steam Navigation Com- pany for the conduct of asteara postal service of Fiji, but found their terms too high. Ar- rangements had therefore been entered into with the Trans-Pacific Mail Servit» Company through Mr. Vogel, the Treasurer " of New Zoaland. The result was that if the Provincial Council of Auckland would pay a contribution of £1,500 per annum, Mr. Webb, the proprietor of tbe boats, had offered through Mr. Vogel to accept any reasonable amount that Fiji would pay in addition. If, therefore, the House would voce a sum equal to that to be contributed by Auckland, he would state almost with certainty that the service would be carried out. Another South Sea tragedy has to be re- ported. The schooner Lavinia recently visited Florida Island, in the Solomon group, and sent a boat ashore for trading purposes. Shortly afterwards the captain's boat also left for the'Shoro. The crew of tho first boat were murdered, and before the captain's boat could get back to the schooner the natives attacked tbo vessel, and killed all on board, consisting of five whites and three Polynesians. The captain, with one white seaman and three Polynesians, managed somehow or other to regain possession of the vessel, and having obtained a new crow at San Cristoval, pro- ceeded to Sydney. COMMEBOIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S.S. Banga- lore, Captain Geo. C. Burne, with the mails fcr China, India, and Europe, left the bay on ber outward voyage early on the morning of the 18th ult The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S.S. Baroda, Captain Rennoldson, with the mails from England and the East, reached Hobson's Bay about 8 o'clock on the evening of the 26th ult, four days within contract time, The A.S.N. Company's s.s, Alexandra reached Sydney from Auckland on the 29th ult, with the Californian mails transhipped fiom the Nebraska at Auckland, which port she left on the 20th ult The Alexandra, on her return voyage to Auckland, left Sydney on the 3rd instant, with the Californian mails outward intended for the Nebraska. STATE OF TBADE, DuIneBB has been the prevailing character- istic of the past month, and instead of the expected improvement, we have to report, if that were possible, a more unsatisfactory tone and aspect than that even of the previous month. A great deal of this is, however, to be attributed to the long continuance of rainy weather, and the state of tho roads in the country, which have caused such an advance in the rate of cartage as to put a complete stoppage on all traffic, with the exception of such goods as required to be sent to their destination at whatever cost. Speculators have in consequence retired for tho present The larger dealers have refused to operate to any extent, and business, thus left to the ordinary routine of supplying mere actual requirements, has been of the dullest descrip- tion. Notwithstanding this, howevor, nothing bas transpired which is likely to disturb con- fidence, or in any way to affect credit One or two small failures bave certainly occurred- I that of Mr. James Reilly, with liabilities amounting to £2,977 and assets estimated at > £1,954, who was requested to make an assign- ment in favour of two of his creditors ; and that of Mr. Wm. Bracher, "toa and coffee dealer, who met his creditors with liabilities amounting to £3,698 and assets estimated at £2,818, and at same time snbmittod an offer of 9s. per pound, but was requested to pay 10s. in the pound, or assign his estate over to Messrs. G. Nicholson and J. Balfour. These, however, being looked upon as exceptional, and not as the forerunners of others, have not acted injuriously, though they may. in- deed, be the means of doing good by instilling a little more caution than has been'ovinced of late, and which may not prove amiss at the present time. The arrival of the mail steamer Baroda placed us in possession of datos from London to 14th June. The oxports to Victoria from Great Britain for tho month onding May were put down as amounting to £593 000, or an increase over the previous of £233,000. The tenor of advices, though favourable, failed, however, in our present exceptional position to create a good impres- sion, erin any degree to stimulate the markets. By the same opportunity, our dates from Foo- chow reach to 12th June ; from Calcutta, to 28th June ; from Ceylon, to 3rd July ; from Java, to 19th June ; from Manilla, to 3rd June ; and from Saigon, to 23rd May. The arrival of the Nebraska at Auckland, with the Californian mails, was notified from Sydney on the 29th ult Her dates from San Fran- cisco reach to 20th June, and from New York to 10th June: and we aro advised of the clearance of the Envoy, for Melbourne, on the 1st June, with 5,000 casos kerosene, 44,0001b. tobacco, and 172,200ft lumber ; and the Nardoo, for Sydney, with 4,000 cases kerosene. Thero were loading-for Melbourne, the Polar Star and George Treat; for Sydney, the Pacific In the more prominent transactions of tho month neither cornsacks nor woolpacks have shared to any great extent, the demand for such goodshaving very mnch slackened, Alineof 160 bales light-weight cornsacks, howevor, changed bands at a fair price, while one parcel of 150 bales, and one of 100 bales woolpacks, placed during the past woek, will cover the bulk of the business done in these goods. Boots and shoes have been largely represented in the sales of the month, some 1,600 trunks having been disposed of publicly, as well ai by private contract Candles bave met with purchasers to a fair extent. In cements, with the ex- ception of 1.200 barrels reported last week as sold to arnvo, no other transactions have been made public. Coffee advanced fully a halfpenny per lb. on receipt of mail's advices, notwithstanding which the markot has not been stirred up to activity. In fruits we note a decline in currants, but an advance on raisins. Breadstuff's presented a declining tendency in the beginning of tho month, but rallied subsequently and now closo with an advanco of 15s. to 20s. on flour and about Gd. per bnshel on wheat. Hops.-Tasmanian have been in favour throughout the month, and about 450 bales have been quitted. Metals have been very active, and while we note the sale of 350 tons pig iron to one buyer we also report large sales of galvanised iron, boiler plates, fencing wire, tin plates, Muntz metal, &c;, at enhanced rates. In oils sales have been limited ; those reported of kerosene compriso about 5,000 casos; full prices have been paid. Quicksilver, after the quittance of about 70 bottles, rose fully Gd. per pound. Business in rice has been trifling ; only one line of fifty tons of Patna has been quitted. Transactions in salt, exclusive of the ordinary demand, carried off in two lines 400 tons ex Birchgrove, and 100 tons ox Juliet. In sugars the sales aggregate 44,400 bags. Timber, tea, tobacoo, have been very steady, but transactions have not been of so marked a character. In brandies the quit- tance of 250 quarter-casks Houuessy's is the only noticeable feature. EXOIIANGE AND MONJY. Tbe selling rate of exchange is firmly main- tained at S per cent premium for 60 days' sight bankers' drafts on London ; the banks' buying rate is 1 per cent less. In- terest is allowed on deposits of 12 months at 3 per cent, and on six months at 2J per cent The discount rates are steady at 5 and 6 per cent on three and four months' bills ; 7 per cent being charged for longer periods. STOCK AND STATIONS. Messrs. Ryan and Hammond report having sold to Messrs. Menzies, Nicol, and Douglas, Messrs. M'Neill Brothers' sta'ions, North Yanko and East Gogeldrie, in the Lachlan district New South Wales, with 58,000 sheep and 3,200 acres purchased land. Messrs, W. and J. Raleigh report the sale of Mr. Alexander Wilson's St Mary's Lake station in the Wimmera district, with 17,600 sheep, before shearing : purchased Iftud takon at £1 per acre, BANKS AND PUBLIC! COMPANIES. Bank of Victoria.-The 39th half-yearly meeting was hold on tho 7th inst. ; Mr. Henry Miller in the chair. The directors reported that the accounts for the half-year showed the following results : Balance of undivided profits from 31st Do ccmbor, 1871, £10,900 4s. 3d. ; not profits for past half-year, after providing for bad and doubtful debts, £40,939 6s. 2d.; together £51,83910s. Cd., which tho directors proposed to apportion as follows, viz :-To dividend at 10 per cent, por annum, £25,000 : to bank prtJ?Ä £^>m » to reserve fund, £1S,OÔ0 ; .-£4ö,000, leaving £6,839 10s. 5d., being balance of undivided profits carried forward. The report was adopted, Messrs, Miller, Sutherland, and Freyer wore elected direc- tors, and Messrs, E, P. S. Sturt and W. Hill auditors. Commercial Bank of Australia.-Tho 11th half-yearly meeking was held on the 2nd of August, Mr. James Service in the chair. The report said :-" Tho directors are glad to be able to present the satisfactory rosults shown in the annexed balance-sheet, and to congra- tulate the shareholders upon the steady increase of the bank's business and resources. The deposits and note circulation show an aggregate increase of £131,000 over the figures published in January last, and the not profits for the half-year, £11,429 14s. 9d., oxceed those of the preceding period by fully 20 per cent. Since the last meeting of shareholders branches of the bank have been opened at Ballarat, Nagambie, and Murchison. In the former city, the anticipations referred to in the last report have been fully roalised, and the bank has secured already a superior con- nexion and very valuable business, likely to bo largely augmonted as soon as posses- sion is obtained of the excellent offices in the Town-hall, which have been rented from the corporation on advantageous terms. The long promised redistribution of the Government accounts has only taken place since the books for the half year were closed, but the bank bos now a share in the business under control of the heads of tho various departments of the civil service." The balance- sheet showed that a profit of £11,429 had been roalised on the half-year's transactions, which, with £3,732 brought forward from the previous half-year, made a total of £15,161. Of this sum it was proposed to appropriate £4,800 in the payment of a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum, £5,000 towards the establishment of a reserve fund, and £3,351 was carried forward. The report and balance sheet were unanimously adopted. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Rail- way. The half-yearly meeting was held oa the 0thinst; Mr. T. T. A'Beckott M.L.C., ia the chair. The directors reported an im- provement ia the traffic returns, and said that the results of the reduction of fares ia May, 187L had fully borne out their anticipa- tions. The revenue derived from the pas- senger traffic amounted to £46,39111s. 9d., being an increase of £2,201 Is. öd. over the corresponding period of last yoar. The merchandise conveyed during the past half year was 94,263 tons, yielding £18,645 4s. 9d" being an increase of £690 8s. 4d. over the corresponding period of 1871. Additional expenses had, however, been incurred from the increased rate charged for tho towage of vessels to and from the pier, and for lighter- ing to Williamstown the railway plant im- ported by the Government-the directors having to undertake to deliver it free of cost, in terms of the bills of lading, in order to secure the discharge of vessels at the company's pier. Although the directors had made repeated efforts to obtain tho decision of Parliament on the company's claims for a Eortion of the wharfage rates, little progress ad been made, and the company's bill, introduced during last session, is still under the consideration of the Legislature. The engineer reported the line to bo in good working order, and to meet the increasing requirements of the passenger traffic 10 new carriages are being constructed in the colony, and are to be completed before the month of December. Tho number of vessels that had discharged passengers and cargo at tho com- pany's pier during the six months is as follows :-Foreign vessols, 58 ; colliors, l8 ; intercolonial steamers, 122. Total 198, The receipts for the past half-year, after deducting interest and working expenses, left a bataneo of £15,652 5s. 7d. Dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, £13,367 10s.; balance, £2,284 15s. 7d. Total, £15,652 5s. 7d. The reservo fund account showed a balance in hand of £6,013 on June 30, 1872. The roport was adopted. National Insurance Company.-The ninth ordinary meeting was hold on the 7th instant, when the accounts for the half-year ending June 30 were presented. Mr. Richard 1 wentyman was in the chair. The directors congratulated the shareholders on there being a more encouraging balance-sheet to lay beforo them at this meeting than on some previous occasions. The surplus on 30th Juno last after deducting all losses poid up to that date, was £2,567 14s. lid., but that left three claims still unsettled. These had since been paid, amounting to £710, and the directors now proposed to pay a dividend of 8 per cent, for the lost six months, and to carry the balance, £1,207 14s. lid., to tbe credit of profit and loss. The vacancy at tho board referred to at the last half-yearly meeting had been duly filled up by the appointment of the Hon. C. J. Jenner, The premiums for the half-year amounted to £8,632. Mr. F. T. Sargood pointed out that it would require something like £7,000 to re insuro present risks, and ho contendod that some provision should be made for them before the directors paid a dividend. There was some discussion on tho point, but ultimately an amendment to declaro no dividend was negatived by 12 votes to 8. The directors undertook to consider tho advisa- bility of forming are-insuroncef und gradually. The report was adopted. Southern Insurance Company.-The half yearly meeting was held on the 2nd inst., Mr. J. H. Blackwood in the chair. The directors in thoir report said-" Wo have tho satisfaction of being able to state that arrangements have beon completed with the London and Provincial Insurance Company, an office of high standing, and eminently successful in the conduct of its own affairs, securing the agency of that company in underwriting for the Southern in tho United Kingdom. For the representation of its direct Australian interests, the control of financial matters, and the transaction of other business, this company will continue to be represented by its own branch establishment with a local board of directors as hitherto, but, conse- quent upon the altered character of the business, at a greatly reduced coat The directors havo every reason for believing that the arrangement just completed will securo a participation in first-class insurance business practically beyond the reach of any colonial office seeking to establish for itself an inde- pendent position in London ; _ whilst the naturo of the arrangement made is such as to insure for this company tho same vigilance and skill in the acceptance of risks as the ogont company is able to exercise in its own behalf. Another subject mentioned as being under consideration of the board, and pro- minent amongst the recommendations con- tained in the report presented at lost meeting by the committee of shareholders, was a proposal to close the fire department. After maturo consideration, and in view of the special circumstances connected _ with that business for the time boing, it was re resolved to withdraw from this branch of the company's operations, and all curront risks were re-insured upon equitable torms. The withdrawal of eastern agencies and temporary suspension of genoral business in London ana New Zealand, together with tho closing of tho fire department, havo necessarily had tho effect of reducing tho income for tho half year, diminishing to a corresponding extent the balance at credit of the general account. On the other hand, the company's under- writing liabilities, outstanding claims, and current risks, are much less in amount than has been the caso for a number of years past." The balance brought forward from the pre- vious half-year amounts to £45,24014s. Od., and the receipts for the six months ending 30th June amounted to £33,133 19a. Id., together £76,374 13s. 7d. The marine losses on 1871 account amounted to £45,565, on 1872 account to £3,494 16s, lid. The total expen- diture including these items, was £52,762 11s. 6d., leaving » balance to carry forward of £22,618 3;. lid, Tro cuaiimau stated that U tbo balance was smaller now than six months ogo, the outstanding losses were in proportion far less, and the position of the company much sounder. The report and statement of accounts were adopted. Victoria Insurance Company.-Tho half yearly meeting was held on tho 19th July. Mr. Henry Millerin tho chair. The directors' report said :-" Tho business of the company bas increased during the past year, and has resulted in a balance to the credit of prout, amounting-In the Life department to £7,800 9s. Gd.; and in the insurance and savings branch £13,884 ls.|2d.; together, £21,744 10s. 7d. Out of this balance of £2L,744 10s. 7d. your directors now declare a divided of. 10 per cent, which dividend will amount to £4,000, and also a bonus of 2s* per share, which will amount to a like sum of £4,000, making together «J p6r cent on tho paid-up copital, nn«i amounting to £8,000, The pww.ee of £13,74410s. 7d. will bo carrîod to the credit of profit and loss. The report was adopted, and Messrs. E. B. White and A. Creswick were re- elected auditors. Australasian Insurance Company. - The sixteenth annual meeting was held on the 5th inst, Mr. James Graham, M.L.C, in the chair. The net profits on the fire and marine branch for the half year ending 30th Juno amounted to £31,117 18s. Id. The payments during the half year on account of 1870 ac- count had been £3,706 15s. lid., increasing the balance at debit of that account to £10,086 12s. Id.. and that amount waa now written off the balance at credit of revonuo ana expenditure account The Hon. R. S. Andorson and the Hon. Captain MacMohon were elected directors instead of the chairman and Mr. Spowers, who retired, and Pr, Wilkie, Mr. J. S. Johnstone, Mr. J. Holley, aud the Hon, M. O'Grady wore elected directors in- stead of the Hon. A. Fraser, the Hon. E. Cohen, Professor Wilson, and Mr. Gatehouso, who had become disqualified through having parted with shares. In the life branch the directors reported that tho investigation for the three years ond ing March 31,1872, had boon completed, and that the following wore the results : "At that date the amount at credit of the assurance fund was £68,451 12s. 5d. ; the company's liability at the samo time was represented by the prosont value of sums assured and bonus additions, £247,796 14s, 8d. ; less the present value of future not premiums, £207,40514s. 2d_£40,3910s. Gd. : showing a profit for the three years of £18,063 Us. lid. The policyholdors roceive a bonus equal to 23 per cent of the premiums paid during the triennium, the cash value of which is £8,655 8s. 3d. ; leaving profit pertaining to shareholders, £9,408 3s. 8d. On the 31st March thero were 1,092 policies in existence, assuring, with bonuB addi- tions, £566,462, and producing a gross annual premium of £17,95(3 6s. 8d. In addition to the usual interest on share- holders' capital, at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum for the past half-year, the directors proposo to declare a bonus of Is. Gd. per share ; and so soon as the necossary calcu- lations have been made, policyholdors will receivo intimation of tho amount of bonus to which each is now entitled." The report was adopted, and also the accounts for tho six months ending 30th June. Tho samo directors and auditors elected in tho other branch were elected in this. At a meeting of the now directors held afterwards, the Hon. Captain MacMahon was elected chairman and Mr. Halfey vice-chairman. The Ballarat policyholders, who object to the transfer of tho lifo branch to the Australian AUianco Insurance Company, have been advised by counsel that the Australasian Company can- not in any way part with or dispose of the assets of the lifo branch. Any sale or disposal of these assets to any other company could bo successfully resisted by the life policy holders. Australian Alliance Insurance Company, A special meeting of the company was held on the 30th ultimo, to enable the dirootors to report the steps they had taken for tho acquisition of the business of the Australasian Insurance Company, and to amend the 58th clause of the deed of settlement by inserting the word "shares" after "stock." Tho directors reported that tho negotiation with the Australasian Insurance Company was pro- gressing satisfactorily, and the amendment of the 58tn clause above-mentioned was agreed to. Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria.-ThelGth half-yearly meeting was held on the 25th July, Sir Francis Murphy in the chair. The directors report that the gross profits for tho half-year, inclusive of abalance of £467 7s. Id,, brought forward from last account, amount to £13,713 3s. 4d. After payment of all current charges here and in London, deducting inte- rest on deposits and debentures, and making provision for bad and doubtful debts, thore remained a balance of £6,203 13s. 7d.. out of which the directors recommended a dividend attlio rate of 10 per cent on thepaid-up capital of £100,000, and that the balance of £1,203139. 7d. bo carried forward to the next account Considering the reduced rate of interest and thedifuculty in obtaining first-class mortgages, as well as the large sum uninvested during tho past half-year, the directors felt that thoy might fairly congratulate the shareholders on this result The value of property, both in town and country, had been fully maintained, and tho banks'securities were in a satisfactory condition, very few lossos having boon sustained. The granting of cash credits on the security of approved freehold proporty, after tho manner of the Scotch cash credit system, whereby interest is charged only on the sum used, had been found of great advantage The report was adopted. Maritime General Credit and Discount Company.-The half-yearly meeting was held on the 25th ult. Mr. Goorgo Pilloy, J. P., was moved to the chair. The report of the direc- tors, which was of a congratulatory character, and the audited accounts, wero received aud adopted. An interim dividondat the rato of 10 per cent per annum was declared payable on and after the 26th ult; £750 resorvod ûeainst lease account. Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company. The 11th half-yearly general mooting of tho shareholders was held on the 5th inst. Tho directors' report sot forth that the company's steamers having been running for the last five j ears, a good many_ repairs wore necos- sary, and owing to tho high price of iron, tho sum sot apart for this purposo had proved in adequate. The receipts had fallen off in con- sequence of the entrance to the lakes having been closed during the half-year. Tho directors recommend the payment of a dividend of 3s. per share, leaving a trilling balance for repairs to be liquidated out of tho current half-year's profits. It was suggostod by Captain Freyer that it would be bottor if tho capital of the company was increased, as it would bo found necessary to purcbaso now vessels in a few years' timo, and they would not have the means of doing so. A share- holder suggested that tho directors should ascertain if tbe business of the company could not bo conducted more economically by an agent than by keeping up an office of their own. It was understood that the directors would take both matters into consideration, and tho report and balanco-sheet wore adopted. Melbourne Gas and Coko Company.-The 22nd half-yearly meeting was held on 19th July; Mr. Thomas Moubray in the chair. Tho report of the directors and statement of ac- counts showed that for tho half-year ending 30th Juno, 1872, the sum of £10, C8 i Ils. Cd. appeared to the credit of profit and loss ac- count, and was apportioned as follows ¡-To dividend at 8 per cent, por annum, £9,200; to debenture redemption fund, £1,250: to carry forward, £23411s. 5d, All the operations of the past half-year had boon conducted with the usual caro and regularity. In tho in- terests of the shareholders and of tho public generally, the directors had decidod to oppose a bill now before Parliament, intituled " A Bill to Incorporate a Company to be called the South Melbourno Gas Company." The report was adopted, and Messrs. Moubray, A. Sutherland, and J. Sutherland re-elected directors. Collingwood Gas Company.-Tho half yearly meeting was held on the 24th July, Mr. Georgo Harker in tho chair. The directors' report congratulated the shareholders on the continued prosperity of tho company, and stated that the profits wero £6,244 5s. Gd,, out of which tho directors recommended paymont of a dividond at tho rate of 10 por cent nor annum and of a bonus of Is. per Bbaro. Tho report and balance-shoot wero adopted. It was stated that, notwithstanding the recent reduction in the price of the gas, tho actual receipts wore very nearly the same for tho dix months as for the corresponding period of 1871\. Mr. Harker and Mr. G. Mooro wero re elected dirootors. Geelong GAS Company.-A dividend at tho rate of 10- per cent, per annum has boon declared for the half-yoar onding 30th Juno. Williamstown Gas Compony.-A dividond at the rate of 8 per cent por annum has boon declared for the naif-year onding 30 th Juno. Patent Composition Pavement Company. The first half-yearly meeting was hold on tho 8th inst The directors reported that during the four months tho company had boon in operation fair progress had boen mado. Four hundred yards of pavemont had boon laid down, and there wore largo contracts on hand. A prospectus bas boon Issued of the Pro- vincial and Suburban Bank, for assisting I manufacturers, traders, &c;, on the coopera» Uve principle. The proposed capital is £100,000, and in the field this undertaking is intended to occupy, doubtless much service can be rendered. , The prospectus of tho Bendigo Banking Company (LimitodJ.has just been issued. The subscribed capital is £250,000, in 50,000 shares of £5 each. The intention of the promoters is, while sharing in the ordinary banking business of the district to afford accommoda- tion to classes beyond the rango of the Mel- bourne banks ; and that this can best be done by the establishment of a local bank, tho success of tho Ballarat Bank is aa apt illus- tration. Under judicious and careful manage- ment doubtless the object eau be attained. The provisional directory contains na,rues woll known in tup district, tal_ BTÔÛKB" IN BOND. The following were tho stocks in bond at Melbourne on August 3 ¡-Brandy, 6,3551 hhd., 36,772 cases ; rum, 1,018* hhd., 41 cases ; geneva, 58 hhd., 24,756 rod cases, 3.208 greon casos ; whiskey, 595 hhd., 0,032 cases ; gin (sweetened), 18J hhd., 3,172 cases : cordials, 338 cases ; spirits of wine, 56 hhd.; other spirits, 5 hhd., 5,079 cases; wine, 2,613 hhd., 12,600 cases; beer, 885 hhd,, 1.S91 cases and casks; tobacco, manu« factored, 195 half- tierces, 489 quarter-tiorcos, 9,682 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 4,494 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 94 hhd. and casks, 27 cases, 1,116 bales ; candle«, 1,026 chests, 8,391 boxes; cigars, 431 cases; kerosono, 71,131 cases; flour, 1,777 bags; cocoa and chocolate, 232 packages; tea, 5,960 chests (468,6031b.),- 26,445 half« chests (913,0451b.), 10,093 boxes (133.9741b.); coffee, 771 bags, 21 tierces, 210 casks, 330 barrols; whoat, 7,141 bags j sugar-Mauritius, 8,828 bags, 5,260 pockets; Java, 2,863 bags, 2,527 baakots, 21.951 mats; Manilla, 1,170 mats; Réunion, 5,415 bags, 293 mats; other ports, 2,030 bags, 854 mats; other (refinery), 1,450 tous, 91 coses and casks ; opium, 64 packages; oats, 4, S IS bags; chicory, 131 pack« aires ; hops, 1,887 pocket«! ; rice, 33,199 bags ; salt, 10,239 bags ; vinegar, 258 casks, 738 cases. IMPOETS AND __1'0IIT3. The following tablo gives tho imports and exports of the port sinco tho beginning of tho year, as compared with tho corresponding period of 1871 : Weok Ending Jan. 6.. Jon. l8.. Jan. 20.. Jan, 27 _ Fcb. 8.. Fob. 10.. Fob. 17.. Feb. 21.. Har. 2.. Mar. 0.. Mar. 10.. Mar. 28.. Mar. 80.. April 0.. April l8.. April 20. April 27.. May 4« May 11.. Hay l8.. May 26.. Juno 1.. Juno 8.. Juno 15.. Juue 22.. June 20.. July 0.. July l8.. July 20.. July 27-. Aug. 8 .. imports. Export B. 1871. £ 807,808 887,009 810,170 220,223 541,771 103,040 71,027 210,200 000,600 122,888 170,800 05,088 600,602 78,172 107 027 809,005 153,105 143.185 60.330 625 281 120 000 78,011 102,021 662,010 152,712 110,010 20,035 414 830 81,007 160,785 48.710 1872. & 558,023 168,064 225,602 875 681 676,808 177,767 216,609 66,180 610,280 801,109 46.172 216,045 828,101 125 711 142,62» 00,822 851 Oil 61,82! 115,105 160,825 818,138 41.701 01,565 67,133 618 003 42,051 00 082 40,18» 451,101 108 625 71,281 Totale .. 0,782,023 6,614103 7,602,608 6.823.065 During tho first period the account stood thus : Imports ... _ .. £0.782,023 Exports .7,502,003 Balance of oxporU over import« 710,745 During the second period : Importa _ _ £0 614,108 Exporta _ _ _ _ 0,823.006 Balance ot exporte ovor Importa £200,602 Comparing tho abovo periods with each, other, the results are as undor : Importa In 1871 ~ _ «. £0 782,023 Importa lu 1872 - _ 0.611,103 Decrease tn 1872 " £163,820 Exporta In 1871 _ Exporta In 1872 Dooroaso In 1872 _ MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argua OOico, Monday Evening. In tho Import markets, a roally dull heavy monttt lias been passed. No spooulatlvo Inquiry lias boon ex- perienced, ard tho stato of tho roads In tho country, owing to tho long contlnuanco ot wot weather, hu affected to a consldorablo extent the ordinary demand for trado purposoa which Ia usually oxporlonoed. Bulk alca have not hoon brisk, but bottled beers botng acareo, havo boon moro inquired for. Oornaacks have not boen in much rf quoit. Woolpacks have also boen lorn inqulrod for. In boots and shoos a largo business has been done. Candios have boon vory steady. Cement* havo boon Orm. Chemicals havo beon some- what alow. Codeo has rlaon In valuo, In oonfootlonory, card »io, fish, malt, oils, oilmen's storos, provisions, rico, salt, timber, &o; , little of special Importance has tniriBplrod. In Utiod fruits, currants Bhow an easier feeling, whllo raisins havo Improved in valuo. In Breadstuff« a rally lias boon effeotod, and priesa havo takon a turn upwards. Oata are also higher. Blasting powder has fluctuated. In hops buelnosa has been brisk. Mótala havo beon vory activo. Quicksilver baa again gono up In prloo. In lugar oonslderablo activity baa prevailed. Toas havo only met with, a moderato Inquiry. Tobaccoos havo latterly boon moro noticed. Wines and spirits have boon oxoeodlngly slow, and Uttlo of lntoreet transpired In the market until about tbo oloso ot tho mall month, whon some rather large lines of Honnossy's bulk woro got rid of. _lo and 8lout.-This market, aa nsual at tilla timo of tho year, has boon vory quiet, and though aupplios aro light and atoota bara llttlo of vory apoolal Import- ance can boreforrodto. In bulk aloa Bass la moving olf In small lota at up to £0 10s. to £10. Tho avorago of the seaaon, however, for large linos (almost all the shipments havo gono into tho hands of ono buyer) baa not boon moro than £8 10s, to £8 15i. About a fortnight ego tho balanco on hand-about 210 hlid , In faulty condition-was offorod by auction, bat only about SO bbd. were quitted, at £6 2«. Od. Bales of Joulo'a havo beon making at £817«. Od. for quantities, and up to£0 6s. for »mall pareóla. AU shipments to band bavo been clearod off, genorally having boon bespoke boloro arrival. Tbo Oarllilo Company's bas boen quitted at £8 l°s. to £8 l61. Marrlan's now beer has not como forward at all, and attompta to got rid of old brew/.ln tho ordinary courso of trado, not proving euccossful ornatiafaotory, the balanco on hand, 812 buds , was offered undor the hammer last weok, and tho wholo oleatod oil at prioes rising to £4 121. Od. Bottled aloa bavo beon in vory good requoBt, but sup- plies as a rulo havo been on a vory moderato aoalo, and short of requlromonta. Foster'» has boon soiling on arrival at 10s. Od., but latterly 11s has boen ob- tained. Tennent'», m largo Une«, hat readily realised IO» Od. SiilpmonU to the extent of 1,800 paokages wera last week cloarod out at tbo prloo named. All- sopp'» has maintained a quotation of 10s. 8d. to 10s. Od. Blood's Is valued at 10s., but In tho absonce of arrivals nothing has beon done In this brand. Sup pi loo of Devonian's, U Kwan's, and Altkon's have been very short ; lOi. could readily be got for thoao. and for Jiffrey'a wo quote 0s. Od. to Oa. Od. Bottled atouts have beon in very brisk demand, though In oonsoquonc» of sh'piuont« coming forward slowly, muoh loss buslnoes than usual has como betöre ut. For the last fortnight lui por tor» of Edmonds's pig brand, Burko'a, Foster's, BloodV, and Byaia'a havo boon without any stook. Notwithstanding this, howover, owing to tho want of life In tbo market, pilco« havo not boon influenced to any extont thereby. For Edmond»'« and Burko'a our quotations ot lit. to Ila. Sd. havo boon retalnod. Foster's bas boon sold at 10s. Od. Blood's stands at 10a" and Byaia'a would sell at 10a. Of O'Brlon's dagger brand some considerable sales wero mado In the begin- . nlngof the month atlOs. to 10s. 3d , but latterly not under lCs. 8d. Bagging.-Attempts havo boon mado to oréate a feeling in favour of cornsacks, but without auoces«. tho roaaon being yet BO tar ahead. Early In tho month thoy became the luhjcct of a speculative Inquiry, whioh, however, tho vory oxtromo figures demanded by boldon " chokod" ofl. 100 bales ol llght-wolghts wore takon up on one occasion in a line at a price withhold, probably at 12«. Od, or theroabouta. For full weights we havo boen quoting I81. to 18s. 3d., but for actual consumption there bat been Uttlo or no inquiry. Ihe demand for woolpacks having boen In a measure satiaflod, tho market ha« weakened considerably, and »peculatlvo buyers a couple of months ago at Si. Sd. are now left with heavy stocks on hand scarcely sale- able at oven la. lOJd. The only sales reported during tho month were ono of 160 bales, suppoiod to have been placed at our quotation, and ono of IOO bales, sold a day or two ago. Gunnies osma vory little under notice, no shipment having been received to stix up any. demand. Boots and Shoes.-Inquiry has bcenwoll-malntatno tbroughout, and some large salas havo been effectod from timo to timo, upwards of 1,000 caaes ia the» aggregate bavo been quitted at satltfaotory price« on tbo whole. Ino lollowlng rates were obtained au som» of tho more reoonttalos. Last week, women's kid, fanoy stitched, welts and (hannels, brourht7a. lo Sa. 8d. per pair ; ali ploro kid do, channels, 12«. do. ; plain kid, T. O. and Wing's, Oa. to Oa. 9d. do ; Imitation kid, Ga. 3d. to Od. do, ; livants, Si. Bd. to 7a. Sd. do. ;. white aat teen boots, ii. Od.do ; all-lasting boots, plain, H.H., 0i 3d. to 61 0_ do ; do. toe caps. Ss. to (¡a. Od. do ; do., riveted. 6a. Sd tods.Od.; aJMaatlng maida', 1 and 2, BOW», M.U.,5a. Sd. toEa. Od. dO.;do.,lVa.to Va, do., 4>. Od. do.; do , 10'a to l8'«, do., 4s. tola. Sd. do ; do , O'a to D's, 8s. lOd, do ; maids' all kid. I'.B, l's and 2's, 7s. to 7s. Sd. do ¡ girls', ll's to l's, do., 6). Sd. to 6«. do ; do., 101«tol8't,li. Od. to Gi. Od. do ¡do., C's to D's, do.,4s, 3d. to 6s. do.; imitation morocco slipper», 2s. lOd. do.; fancy tait do., 2a. Od. to 8i. do.; youths' calf, l's to l'a, 7a. Od. do. ; boya' do,, 10'a ¡lo 13's, 7a do. ; colonial klpleathor waa placed at It. 10d.,li. lid., 1«. ll|d., and 2«. per lb. ; Hunt colonial calf, at 8a. 4d. do : medium, crop at lOJd. to lOJd do.; colonial manniaotured boots-4 6 coup« toes realised 22s. par doten ; 7 9 do.. 84a. do ; 713 de, IOJL do. ;,70 elastic aides, 80«. do.; 10-18 do., 60« do.; M maida' do., 6s. Od. per pur ; womon'a call almas, Oi. 41. do.; men's, calf tlaeUo aides, 8i 8d. do.; women's basil slippers, 10s, per down \ do, connu do, 30i. do, &u;_ apjonçt^ the (ties reported wo noticed on ono occasion an \- invoice of 308 trunks having baan qilttod to lund, < ax Somersetshire ; and on »notier, * line of lOi trank« ._ i W. Flataa »rid Co.'s goods, comprising women'«, maids', »net children's, was placed at IS per oent " advance on involco. Candles havo been in very fair request, though sales ' bave been conflnod to supplying trade requirements, and in very few Instances, It in any; havo transactions gone beyond COO boxes in a line. In tbe beginning ot «ho month quotations for De Roubalx's stood at Iljji, Brendon'« at 11 id., and no attempts to purchase undor .onld snocoed ;. latterly, however, a reduction of JJ. ha« beep forced upon holders, and moat of the bueloeiB reportod ban been atll&d.; for Brandon'«, and II Jd. for So Houbalx'a. Gouda red labels wore placed at 113-ltH., and Oonda white labelo (muoh moro difficult to sell) nore trot rid of at 11 Jil. Cement.-Wo note a vory steady market, with almost no fluctuation whatever. A vory good trade dermod na* been experienced, and shipments, though some- what extensive, have gone readily Into the hands of the irado. Cost brands havo ruled at 16s. 6 J. to lOi. 01, at about which seme 1.200 ba-rele White's wero thla week ?old to arrive. For rtecond branda we quote 16s Od, to IBs., notwithstanding that a week or two ago a ship . meat ol Johnson's cflcrod uiidor the hammer waa run np to 16J Od., at which It was taken. We hoar«! no ' outside brands being on tho market. In American plaster nothing has transpired tor somo timo past. We . quote from 18a. to 20) < Chemicals_With the exosptlon of values hiving; '? been very fully sustained, llttlo of Importance has come before us. Soda crystals h>vo been disposed of at £11 to £1110s. Carbonato has been hold for £20. Caustic < soda bri ruled at £25 to £20. Flowers of sulphur have \- ' not Improved Batist actorlly to speculators In the article ; . quotations have stood at £18 but with a heavy market. % Tartarlo acid evinced moro firmness a short timo ago, and may now be quotod nt 2s. Id. to 2s. 2d. Cream of ' tartar Is quiet ; we quote 1B. 8d Prepared opium Is lower, being oflorod at 26s. ed. to 27s. , Chicory.-BuB'neas boa bean limited to sales for .actual consumption. Colonial grown has beeon (11B , posod of at 4 Jd. to 4JcL, but for imported brands not .the slightest inquiry has been experienced. . Coffee;-Nothing of a speculative character hu boen ' transacted in this staple, but a fair demand for local porpoies oswell as for-oxporí has steadily ruled, A good deal of monotony has prevailed, however; and though wo aro encblod to report an'advanco la prlco, , that has been more caused by tho advices) recoutly to hand than from any movement ID tho market. Since tho arrival of the mall-or rather elnce the month of August sot In-tho wholesalo dealers have raised the quotation of plantation coffee to lOd. to' 10Jd; for Java OJd. toOJd. Is now asked, and native Ceylon Is quoted at Sd. to 9Jd. Tho Eliza Firth, with a cargo from Colombo, Is expected to arrive by-and byo Confectionery.-Thoro Is not much doing. EoUler's assortment.) aro aaked for, but In the nbs once of anything like supplies, tales are on a most moderate scale; we quote lOld. to 10 Jd. Vic' orlan mado aro In good ro SucBt at Od. to Bid. Candled peel is moved on at I8d. 'or jujubes 18Jd. and occasionally lad. Is realised, Cordage-An exceedingly quiet and unlntorestlng month has been p-jaod. Inquiries tor local uio, like- wise from the other colonies, have been of the slowest character, and there balbeen little doing Inconse- quence. - Fortunately, however, this has not been foit as a drawback, owing to tho fact of supplies of homp not coming forward io satisfactorily as could.bo wished. Tho Marlo et Emile is amongst our latest arrivals : but sho only brings 25 tons. The price of New Zealand flax has, moreover, been run up so high -say £30-as xo make manufacturers careless of using the material at all, especially as complaints are very prevalent of the mode of dressing, by which etrength of Sbio Is said to he sacrtflcod to a fine appearance. Quotations of ropo and cordago have undorgono no alteration. If anilla hemp mede, best quality, roalleos £65 for one Inch and over, while under one inch brings 8Jd. Second qualify commands £53 and 7d. respectively. Kew Zealand flax made is quotod at £13 for large and 6d. per lb. tor email slzee. Olothis lines, llkewtso, bring Ed Calcutta lines would soil at 4Jd. to Ed. N. Z. lashing Is worth £38. Russian tarred spunyarn 1B salotble at £50. Victorian made coir ropo Is quoted at £50 Flat rope Is quitted at £80 to £100 For Busslan lines £81 la required. Holt rope (tmportod) Is quoted at £62 to £05. Seaming twit os are valued at lid,, but of late little orno busi- ness hBB come before us. ' , Fish -A moderate demand has bcon malntalcod. Ling has been selling at 4Jd. Hall barrels whlto herrings reallso 27s. Firkins bring 8s. 6d. to 09 lib. horrlngs are quitted at 8s. Red hen inga, ia tins, aro offering at 88«. and 83s. Od. lib. salmon floda bujoru atlSi.lor/marlcan. while EogllBh brands are s tie able at 13*. 64. Halves sardines aro firm at 18i C1; and quattara bring 7s. to 7* 3d. lib oyaters aro quoted at 7s. Od. ta 8% lib. lobsters wo can scarcely quote ; there have been none in the market for a Ion»! time. Fruits.-A brisk Inquiry bos cxls'ed, more espe- cially for raltlna. Currants, howevor, have not buen so much wanted, ana eales havo been In consoquueo more difficult to make, unless at a reduotlon. Some largo parcels, slightly faulty, have moreover boen clearodcfl" by auction at iii to Gd., thus still more affecting the valuo of sound currants, which at one time wera quoted at 6J1. tu GJd., but aro not now worth over Gd. to Cid. Bahlns have gradually advancod,[and this week 0}J. In wanted for Elemo, a Uko figure being asked for Valonóla and Capo. Sultanas soil at 7Jd. Muscatels aro still very «caroo, and command lid. Figs aro disposed of at Sid to Od,, according to packego : supplies are very bato. Dried apples aro worth Gd, but the quotation la almost nominal. Flour and Grain.— Puling the first two weeks of the month the utmost depression pervaded the market for breadstuffs. For the past fortnight, however, a reaction has set in, and during the week just colored especially a very much more satisfactory feeling has prevailed, leading to a better business and advanced rates. The reports regarding supplies and future are spools ato, of io very contradictory a naturo, it is really difficult to judge whether tho scarcity at prosont oxperloncod is from supplies lu the country having beoome exhausted as so many maintain, or meroly owing to tho long; continuance of rainy wcathor, and the state of the roads, which havo pre- vented either whoat or flour from coming for- ward, cansos whioh affect trade otherwise In all Ita branches. The month opened ont with quota- tions of flour at £15 10s. to £16, and subsequently no higher than £1510s. could be got for small and £15 {0~ largo linos. About 10 days ego, however, an Ira nrovehiOht Deví^O porooptlblo: £16 12a. Od. was ob- tained tot 50 to»», SJ!|1 f$lÇ 15}. tp £10 «mo to bo » -quoted (of best brands, oovonty iona i» soconaary quality wero at same lime quitted at £15 to £16 5s. This week tho prlco has advanced to £16 6s. to £1010s. tor bakers' parcels, and £16 Is ollorlng freely for largo pareóle. Whoat.'ln Uko manner, al tor evincing consider- able weakness, rallied,and hasgraduaUy risen, touching at the cloie of tbls weok 7s. 3d, to 7s. Od. for best quali- ties, and OJ. lOd. to 7s. for New Zealand and Tasma- nian, almost all offoring having been cleared off at our quotations. Advices from California reaching to 10th .Juno speak moat favourab'y ol the coming crop A Bfisall Bblpmoct 0Í fcwlï; i¡«d won mado to fto colonies', but neither flour nor wheat is advised. In feeding grains butiner» hos boen quiet. For oat« a good Inquiry as existed, but eales have boon rotarded by the paucity of toppllos. Shipments, as thoy haye come to hand, have been readily cleared off, and prices have risen gradually touching 3s. Id. to Bs. Od. for uillllng and 8«. to Si. 3d. for feeding, at which the month closes with a firm markot. Maize for the greater part of the menth has rulod at 8s. Id. to 8a. 2d., but for tho past week 8s. 2d to 8s. 3d. haa bcou golug. Btocks on hand aro very light, but tho market is kept from rising by the fact that oonaldorable supplies aro olose at hand. Barley, which has been neglected, la firmer again, and may not ho quoted at la to Is 3d. for common C qualities, while primo malling sells at 6a. to Oi, 61. Far a email narcol quitted to-day, tito extremo prloj ol 6s. lOd. wai obtained. Bran has advanoed to Is. 3d., at whioh there 1« a very abort supply. Pollard Is soarce, 'and quoled at lo. fid. to Is. Od. Vlctorla- i-made oat mool bringa £21. Pearl barloy la worth £26. Gunpowder.-After tho salos reported lost month of blasting powdor the markot Unproved. About 20 tons ol Ksmet's wore ro-sold for[eXi>ori at a good advance and qnotatlonsot Hall'a rose to lljd. Sales ot this latter brand have boen mado this wooi, howover, at 1011., and wo quote up to lid. Kamea's has been aold at lOd. to lOJd., and for other brands Od. to OJd- i< required. At auction 80O quartor-'oarroli Lochfine wero cleared out at Bd. Prices are not vory firm, howevor, oa-lng to largo shipments being expected to arrlvo Imme- diately ', but as stocks are reduced to a minimum it li feared that, should any delay lu their arrival tako place, values must and will take a suddon rise. Hops.-Kent and Sugllsh hope generally have not been largoly dealt-ln, but a modorato tiado doinaad hoB been maintained at 2«. 3d. to 2s OJ. for beat qualities 1871. wbUe tales of 1870 havo been mado at ' Is. Id. to la. 4d., and 1B. 01. to Is. 8Jd., according to quality ; 1868'« and 69's are quoted at Sd to 10 J , bue a line of 100 pockets old was sold this week as low oil Jd. in bond, equal to IJd, d. p. Tasmanian hopi h.vo boen largoly sold, and stocks of anything Uko go id quality have now all gono Into tho hands of the trade. Aboht 460 balee best 1872'". Shoobridge'*, All wrigbt's, S.Wright's, and Downie'», h.ve boen quitted at prices rising from le. 8d, to la. 10Jd.( 1871'a aro worth Is. and Is. 8d., and older sorts are quoted at 7d. tolOd. Ualt-Bnalneei in this markot his been strlotly limited to supplying mero trado wants, and llttlo ot a ?pedal nature has been made public Balea, bave boen making' at 10s. Od. voll»., according to sample. .Metals,-Tho market his been exceedingly brisk, i there having been more buyers than Bellera throuca out. Pfg-iron Is very Arm ; the stock on hand, to iho extent ot 850 tons, was cleared off in the ooglnulng of the month at about £0, and the price for trade parcels haa since oontlrned a' £10 to £10 10s. Galvanlsod Iron has risen considerably. English ordinary brands are quoted at £30 for 26-gauge, and sales of beat brands, 28-gauge, are now making at £12 to £48 lOi. At ina last auction aalo of Brauy's, on S6ih July, a parcel ex Lord Wardon, 25 cues, was cleared of at £80 7s Od. for 6ft,. £43 10s. for 6It. and 7ft., £401O>. for 8tt, and £106a. tor 9ft. Bar and rod Iron Is quoted at £18. A pared was sold for export at £17 l61. Sheet Iron la mo-lug oft at £21 to £22 for Nos. 8 to l8, and £21 la got for Nos. 20 to 26. Plato iron la disposed of at £22 to £28; sales to arrive aro reportod atour quotations. Hoop Iron is firm at £13. Fencing wire has been quitted to some extent, and amongst tho larger line« got rid of we note one Invoice of 100 tons on the (pot, and one of 60 toni to arrive ; quotations stand at £23, £21, and £25 for Noa. 0,7, and 8. Load -Bheet la quoted at £2110>. Shot Is worth £311. Tin platea hayo boen bought up, and aro largely hold by one firm. We quota 15 per cent, advanco on Invoice, IO coke berner worth Í61. 61, IO charcoal 661. to 67a; IX and )XX bring a similar! figure. Muntz metal has been In request for Sydney, and fair parcels have been got rid of at up to lid. Ewbank'« nails are soiling at list price. American nails aro quitted at 80s. Colllni'a and Sharp's heavy axes are held for 81s., but there li no business to refer to. Ames's shovels are also hold for 70s. to 78s. Day's D.H. ahovels, 81ln. to 36ln , are better, sales belpg made at Mi ; other makers' brin? 52a. Hollowars is quoted at 6 per cent. Off Hat, but there ate fow lnvelces offering, . Olia, as a rule, have been exceedingly dull and heavy; few transactions of any consequence havo been reported In the market. Koroeene has boen quite neglected, and even for trade purposes the most trifling demand only has been experienced ; this may, however, have been as much owing to the firmness cf holden as anything else, Is. lOd. for Oevoe'a laving been generally required, a price which buyers ?it their face against paying. For second brandi, Oriental, Diamond, and others, la. lOd. has also been aaked. Borne 3,000cases Devoe's were quitted earlyln the month, but up till this week, wbon 1,370 cuts damaged ex Pekin were sold at Is 83d., nothing elie has been done. Advlcoi from Now York to 10th June have rtacbed m, which report thli pli M verv dull In that markot, loading brands being quot.dat »Jo. te Sfje. Freight waa advancing The Knvo; cleared for Melbourne on the let June, with 6,000 euee eil, The Nardoo eleared for Sydney with 1,003 «aies oil. The Polar Star and George Trent were loading for Melbourne, and the Pacific for Bydney. Castor oil has stood at 4s. 7i_ to4s.8d" duty p.id. Linseed oil la worth 4s. 4}d. In drums ; Bales ara re- ported at the price. In bulk wo quote 4s. Oolztis quiet at 6i. Id. in drums; for casks 6?. to 6s 3d li asked. Olive Ia in slow cato at 6a. 8d. In drums, and 6B. 4d In wood. Chinese oil is heavy at 4s. Polar oil is quoted at £80 to £32 , Ollmeii's Blores are not much looked after, rainy Items are In good requoat, but salad oils, &c;, are very dull, and most dlfHcu't to get rid of. Pic iles havo been placed at 8s. 6d. to 8s. Od., and 10a. Od to U«. Gd., according to brand. Bottled fruits have Icon disposed of at 10s. 3d. to 10i 6i, black enrrants being so'd at 11s. 8d. Jams are ia largo request, owing to the high prlco of butter, and aale« aro frea'y making at Ga. Gd. to Si. for lb. tins. Salad oils are In Blow said at 18s to 22i. and 24s. 6d for quarts, Ol 9 J. to 11s. for pints, end 6s. Od. to 7a. Castor oil, In pints, brings 7s. Cd., and in half-pints 6s. Bailees commard 0) (Id,, Ss. Gd., and 10s. Gd, Capers aro worth Ga. Oolmtn's mustard, In 71b. lins, moves at 8}d, lib. tins soil at Oa. Od., and Jib. tina at 6s. Od. Keoa's D. S. F. muatard in lib. and iib. tins Is sold at 10s. and 11s. Whito starch Ia quoted at 6d.; blue starch brings Old. Thumb bluo finds boyera at lid. Very considérenlo ealCB cf Palmoi's plaid vestas havo been reported at 6i. Od. Sago Is better, and now jommands 2Jd. to 2}d. Macaroni and vermicelli find buyois at 10J. Bi*ck pepper Is quoted at 7d. to 81. ; whito popper Is nominal at 1B. 6d Froviaions-Butter has advanced considerably ; eales are now making at Is. 8il. to la. 4d. Ohoeso is also dearer, Victorian made being readily quitted at 8d. to lOd. Bacon and hams, cn tho other hand, are lower. Colonial-cured bacon Is quitted at 7d. to 7_dl Colonial hams soil at 8d. to lOd. English hams aro valued at la Id. ! Quicksilver.-For some short time past the prlc-i ol this metal was maintained at is. Od.. but the market havinebren cleared out, the prlco was advanced to 6s., at which It now stands. . Bice.-An exceedingly dull market. Patna has especially been Blow and dull. Quotations have stood at £20 in bond, but this week a parcel of 60 tons was sold by auction at £19 10s., oana! to £23 dnty paid. Java undreiscd rice li worth £20 to £21; drosse J. la now quoted at £2510a. to £26. There ia, however, only a trifling business doing. Bangkok dressed Is worth £22 to £23 ; and Salgonls held at £20. < Salt.-Wo note a Bteady market, and a very gicd trado demand bas existed, but, In addition, tho thlp mont per Birchgrove of 400 tons of three-fourths como and one-fourth fine, was placed In one Une ; Ukowiso 'he ahlpmont of 100 tons per Juliet. These parcels nero taken at up te £410a. For trade purposes, we quoto conto at £1 16a. Llvernool fine at £5, and London fine stoved tait at up to 110s. Slates -A fair demand Is roportod for trado pur- poses, at priccB which show no change on last month's: rates, though the long continuance of rainy weather has had a most prejudicial effect on country business. Wo alto leam of tho quittance in quantity of two In- voices aggregating 100,000, at about quotations. Tho sbipmonta by tho mall are not moro than an avorago. The snivels during the month amount to about 00 000. Quotations are Bteady at £10 to £10 10s. for 24 x 12, £14 to £14 lOi. for 22 - 12, and £12 to £12 6s for 20x10. Sugar.-The market has boen woll supported, and notwithstanding all attempts to provent an advance, more doclded activity has been evlncod. During the last fortnight larger sales have beon effected, and the conviction Is now beginning to bo entertained that a higher range of prloes must rule. The adv'oes to hand by the mall had a moat reassuring effect, and prices have boon better sustained In couso âuence. The entire stock is now centered with ono i m, and as dealers have allowed themselves torum ery bare, and orders are coming forward very freely li om the other colonies, there is ovory appearance of n better tone being Imparted until the now begins to carno In, about a month hence. In the first week of the mo-ith, notwithstanding the backwardness ol the trade, not lera tbnn 700 tons were cleared off; and in tho courso of the woek just closed, 16,600 baga alone we're dis- posed of The following are tho Batea:-On Monday, the 16th tilt., 2,000 bags damaged were quit od. On tbe 16th, some 4,778 mats and bags Bourbon wore taken off, when grey «yatala brought £10 £10 to Ss; yellow countera, £31 16s; low conn ure, £32 109. to £33 10*. ; fine browns, £SO Sa. to £8016a.; low browns, £28 16s. to £20 10s ; very low ¡atlos, £2110s. A considerable amount of Inte-eist was evinced In tho result of tho sale on Thursday, the 18th, and a largo attendance was secured. 8 812 b -gs, comprising tho Ellzaboth's cargo, and 083 bags, formlog . a portion of the Sarah's, were offered, and though the > assortments nero not of a character oqual to cargioa 'coming in earlier In tho season, the broaora mc cceded In clearing the whole eil at a trifling 1 «pr. ve- rnon t on white;, while all the other aorta went at fully up to valuations. Low jollowa brought £38 10a. to £81 10s.; medium, £86 10J. to £36; g'«id, £37 to £87 10s. ; and fine yollowe. £33 10J to £30 10s. Middling white counters sold at £10, low grey crystals roalised £37 to £38 6s ; medium to c >od yellow blowing crystals £38 to £3310.'., and midd log white cryatals £41 10s. to £12 6). Tbo follón-og week tbe demand got slacker, and muoh less business was dono. On Monday, 22ud, the damaged portion of tho Elizabeth's cargo, about 600 bags, waa got rid of by autlon it £3416«. to £41 not; close on 3,000 pjek agea (about 2,200 bags and 700 pockets) also changed hands privately. On Tuesday, tho 23rd, SOO logs Mauritius were sold by auotlcn, when grey crystal« brought £1010s, grainy yellows £87 to £88, and line yoUowa £30 10.'. to £37. Privately saloB of t -ort yellows wero made at £87, £37 10)., and £18 On the 21.b, 1,000 bags and pockets Natal augurs were dhposea of at £36 for good yellow countera, £33 to £8410s for middling yellow counters £31 to £31 16s for good browns, and £21 16s to £26 10a. for rations, On tho same day the cargo per Oon 'or, amounting to 6,801 bags Mauritius, was submitted by auction at Geelong, but owing to the biddings not being up to holders' rcsorvors, nearly the whole was pasred in. On the 26th, 1,200 bags wero disposed ol privately-at prices, according to quality, rising to £41, which figure was obtained for 600 baga greyish orystals. On tho 26tb, brewing cryatals were placel at £80, and £11 was obtained for extra Uno white crystal« On tho 80th, 6,881 bags and mata Javaa and Natals wero cleared off by auction j a great part conaiated of rations to counters. Brown Java crystalilsod told at £30 6s. to £31 6s, low yellow at £33 to £33, and vory low rations at £22 to £2216s. ; good rations brought £26 16s. to £2716s,;|Iow browns, £2810s. to £30; medium counters, £98 to £34 ; good to fine white oountera, £36 6a. to £38 ; greyish cry»î__, ,4?Ç í¿ £îï 19i. 1 .£<* 6o" whito counters were quittod at £41. A ahipment ol crushed j«; jug,, WW) ftt game timo disposed of at £16 6t. On the Slat, COO bags fino descriptions were quittod at £1110s. for greys to £4310s. for fino white crystals. At this timo a demand began to spring np from tbo other colonies, and about 2,000 pockots greys and whltca were sold for Now Zealand at a long figuro. On Monday the Gth InBtant. tho Condor's cargo of Mauritius in Geelong-about 6,000 bags-waa taken up In a line by a MolüDur-e buyer. Some 2.500 bags and S.400 mats and pockets In addition wore also aold for shipment to one of the other colonies, Prices ranging, according (o quality, from £82 to £48 10a. wero realised. By aiioliou, OS the OH). 8,200 bags and mata Bourbon sugars wore cleared of!, when low rations sold ot £23 Cs. to £25 Ga.; good rations at £27 C3, to £28 ; browns st £29 6s. to £80 lOi J low countera at /'.816s to £82 16s.; medium couJters at £83 10a. to £84 10i.; yellow oonn.eraat £36 6s to £36; yelltw cryatals at £8012i. Gd. to £40 ; and groy crystals at £41 6s. Tbo salo on the 8th lnst. attracted »good attendauce of the trado; hut aa holdere, though willing to quit, refused to accept the prices hld, the greator portion was without hesitation withdrawn 8,760 bag? tai 600 pockots Mauritius were offored, of whioh only a luv hundred bags wero placed, at £8610a. for medium counters, £87 6i. for medium yellow crystals to £33 16s. for good, and £38 for good bright grainy counters. Bourbon tugara, offered at same time, wore sold at £22 6a for very low rations, and £8116« for low counters. After this sale more Inquiry was oxporloncod privately, and. boforo tho WSek Codes' Bomo 2,000 bags wero quittod, about ODO bag« being for Launceston, thoa making tho Bales of the week equal to 10.600 packages. The folloming lue the nxrii als during the month. July 22.-jUacciion, flora. Sjdney, 1101 bags. Aug 7.-illili« et Marie, from Zobu, 350 tons Aug 0.-Bengal, from Batavia, 12,082 begs. Tea.-Moeira. J. C. BobertBon and Oo. report of this market:-"Tho Oiilna mall arrived on the 26th ult., with dates from Foo- chow to 11th June. Tho business done during tbo month has been satisfactory, con- sidering the near approach of the new senaon's tosa. Sales throughout have boon principally confined to the actual trade demand, and we do not look for much activity until tbe first ebipment arrives. Frlcos havo been fairly maintained, with the exception ol teas ct inforior quality (not in demand), which a-o Bllghtly castor. Auction Salea.-On the 23rd July, 1,600 packages, tx sundry ships, wero quitted at prlco» ranging from 0-Jd. for ordinary up to Is. 10d, for low kalsow. On the 6th August, 8,000 package], ox sundry ships, fonnd purohasers at previous rates. The etock in bond la 1,615.0221b, against 916,7781b. at samo timo lost yea.-. Tho deliveries havo been 561,0861b. «gainst 1,006,0101b. at samo Umo lait year. Our quotations aro :-Dust and alftlnsra, 7d. to 8d.; broken foo- obow, 8d. to lOJd.: ordinary to good, lOJd. to Is. Id. ; mlxod leaf kinds, Is. OJd.to Is. 2|d.; do., with Utile flavour, is. 8Jd. to Is. 4d.; blackish leaf kinds, Is. Id. to Is. Od. ; do. strong. Is. Od. to Is. OJd. ; do. streng Bavoury, Is. 7d. to la. 8d.; kalsow kinds, Btroug, Is. 8d. to Is. lid.; pokoo souobong aud pekoe flavour, is. lid. to 2s. Id; One rich pekoo, souchong flavonr, 2s. 21. to 2s. 3d.; do., very fine do., 2s. 4d. to 2s. Od; orange pekoe, scented ordinary and broken, la. 8d. to li. 4d.; do., good to Ano, la. lid. to 2«. 2d. ; caper, seontod, common to middling, la. Id. to Is. 4}d ; do., tntddiittg to fine, la. lid. to 2«. ¿d.; young hyson, good to fine, Is. Gd. to Is. lid.; do., finest, none ; gunpewdor,C*nton, good to One, Is. Gd. to 2a. 8d. Abor« quotations are at iper lb. in bend for cheats (boxes being worth 8d. per lb. more)." Timber.-Tho market proients a very healthy tono ; a fair amount ol bualneas has boen done, and aatli factory prices in all cases realised. OnTuosday.tholO li ult., ox Gem, 28 logs cedar brought 82s. Gd. to 801. 01. perl00lt.;14 logs pine. 18a. Od. do. Ex ïou Yangs, 29 loga cedar realised 26a. Od. per 100ft.; 4ft. cedir boarda, 3d. to Sid. per foot aupar. Ex Biversdale, all faults, 1,16011 x 8 red deals brought 4}d. to 4d. 9 lflllis per,foot oM) x8. __ Oom, 10 cedar loga, 20a. per lOOf 5. aupor. Kx Biversdale, 61,000ft two-out weatherboard«, sold at 9«. ed, per 100ft. lineal. Ex Pekin, 82 OOOf white pine T. and Q. fetched £117a. Od. por l.OOOIt. : 68,000ft. white pine shelving, damagod by sea-water, brought £1010s. do. ; 8.000ft carponter's clear pins, £12 12a. Od, do, Ex Adolla Carleton, Formosa, and Kurydlco, ISO.OOOIt. 1ft to 2(t clear pino aold at £1216s. to £10 Gs. do. ExBIvorsdale, 100,000ft rod and whito Booton flooring and weatherboards wore placed at Gs. 0J. to 9s. Gd. per lOOIt In the week ending the 29th ult. a considerable improvement became perceptible. A demand sprang up for doals for tho Adelaide market 8.000 pieces 9x8 and 11 x 8 wero sold pri- vately on that account equal to IJd. for 9 x 3 waa Bald to have been obtained. Publicly, 1,188 pieces 0 x3 red deals, DDD brand, ex Olthona, brought 4d. 11-lOths ; £00, ex Juliet, BB brand, Oxl, were placed at 4d. 7-161 bs por foot 0x8: 1,800, 0x3, roalised Id. 11-ieths to did. Bed and white T. and G" ex Bivers- dale, sold all tanita, brought from 4«. 7d. to 7s. Od. for 61 x è and 9 to 5J x g. On Tuoiday. tho SOth. the publio sales comprised 66.006U OxlJT. ando, floor- ing, aold all faults, at 9s. 6d. per lOOIt lineal ; 67,641ft 6 x i, at 0s 3d ; S8,061ft 6 X J, at 7s. 3d. ; 36.660lt 0 x J, at Oi.Od; 67,824ft. flxj beaded, at 6s. öd. OnFrl day, tho 2nd lust, the quittance was oflectodof 147,007ft. Californian red wood, lln. to Oin. thick, which reallstd £10 2a, Od. to £11. 160.000ft slx-out weatherboard) and Scotch flooring, ex Ettrickdale, wero cleared off at 6a. Gd. to 0l, 8d. 42 OOOft four-out weatherboards, a'l faults, sold at 6a. 6d. 1,000 ironbark «pokes brought 16«, 3d per 100. The Weloome Hume's cargo of cedar was quitted »I 20«. to 30a 31. Tobicco.-For the greater part of the month buti- nera waa very dull, and In the earlier part compara- tively little waa carried through A fortnight a however, amaiked Improvement wai noticeable, ev ny description ol tobacco coming to be more or leea In- quired for. Flat work hat been ter acme time ne- glected, but In consequence of the nowa received that no ¡ shipments ot this elua, particularly tone, are coming forward.lt la anticipated that prlcoa will take a start, and follow tho samo coureo that twist has already done. Tho Californian moll arrived al Sydnoy on the 20th ult., bringing dates from Now York to the 10th Juno, bnt only 44,000b. by ono vessel waa advised. Cameron's agent reporta having advlco this mall, vin London, of only 30 haU-tiorcea St. Andrew's twist and 16 half-tlerccs Haven, all of which haa been sold to arrive A small shipment of a now brand, " Onr Gamo," Is also advised as coming forward. On Wednesday the 24th nit, several lines of OhUdrey'a gooda wore qulttod at prices ringing from Is. to la. Gd. tor black work and aromatic«. Publicly, 63 packages were dlaposcd of when half-pounds brought lljd.; long tens, 11 jd.; threes, Sid.; damaged gooda were got rid of at from 7d. to le. Sd. On the 20th, 43 packages were cleared off; light-pressed waa placed at 2s. lid ; plecea at 93d., and sixes at 10Jd. The twlBt offered at same timo was passed In, the biddings not being satla factory. In the week ending 5th August, no public tales wero reported, but tho twists withdrawn from the prevlons weok'a auction ware taken up privatoly at very extreme figures. Black Swan waa placed at la. 6d., and Bayou at Is 7d, On the 7th instant, l18 packages Chlldrey's gooda were got rid of by auction, when navy throes sold at 10d., navy fives at le. 2} 1, pocket pieces at Is. 2|d., half-pounds at li. 2J1., aromatic twist at Is. 6d., Barrett's twists at la. 6Jd. to la. Old., pounds at lid., and fancy twlai at Is. lid. Our trade quotations are:-Common and medium tone, 83. to la. ; good to boat, Is. Id. to Is. 8}d. ; hall-pounds, no stock; navies, dark! Is. 3d. to 1B. lid. ; bright, 16d. to la. Od ; fancies; Is. Od. to 2s. ; llgbt-presaed, up to 2i Od. ; twiat, Black Swan, li. 6d. ; Barrett's, la. 7d. ; Davon and St, Andrew's, le. 7Jd. to la. 8d; Ormond Swiss cigars. 87a. Gd ; Manilla cheroots and Havana- shaped, 07a. Od. to 72s. Cd- German and Hamburg made cigars range from 10«. to 200«. Genuine Havanna bring from £10 to £80. i Wine« and Bplrlts -The demand for wines has been extremely slow throughout, becoming Blacker and slacker n the month progressed. This and laat week have been unusually dull, and only the most trill ng salea for aotual requirements have come before as. Sherries have been disposed of at £82, £30, £8?, £18, £61, and Ports at £18, £21, £32, £36, £45,' and £50. On Friday, tbe 26th ult, the quittance waa effected by auction of 110 quarter-casks and 21 hhds. of ports and shorties, at £30 to £11 for port, and £37 to £60 and £66 for sherry. Champagnes have boen In very abort supply; bett brands havo been qulttod at 76a. to 80s. Brandies bave met with llttlo attention ; price» as a rulo appear unaltered, but the market Ia decidedly weaker, and sale;, if pressed, could scarcaly bo mado at our quotations. Throughout the mouth little Inquiry for parcela haa come beforo us. ktartcll's dark Is quoted at Oi 7jd. toOs. Od. IfartoU'spale is offer- ing at 6s. 8d to6s.6d!;torHonnes>y'apaIo,Gj.6d. to 8s. Od. la asked, bnt 6s. 8d. to 6a. 6d. has not been refutad. As the month oloeos, we hear of 250 quarter-ca thla brand having changed hands on private terms. 0\. V.P. baa been Belling at 6J. Otard'a la worth 5i. Bd. For J ulta Hobin and Co 'a we quote 5s Od. TJ.V.P. is valued at 6s. Cd. to 6s. Od. Marott's Is worth 5a. Od. Vlnegrowera' and Bonanlt'a bring 5s.. Od. Blequit Dubouche'a sells at 5s. 3d. to 6s. Gd. Olosoau'sio wurth 6s. 8d., and for Associated Vineyard we quote Is. 9d. to 6s. Central Vlnoyard brandy is coming forward again, and may ho quoted at li. Od. to 5a. Cane brandies bave not been at all active, and it has boen found lmpoaalblo to effect Bales of Hennessy*! unies i at a considerable reduction ; parools have In conie quence been quitted at prlcea falling from 26'. 3d. to 25s. Od., and quotations now staud at 25a. 6d. to 25s. Od. Marteu's has been «old at 28s. to 23s. Cd, TJ.V.P. la valued at 23a. Sales of Otard'a - have been mads at 22a to 22s. Od. For other brands wo quote 17s. to 2ls Od. Geneva baa been got rid of at Ila. to Ila. 6d. for JDKZ. At the first-named p-'co 1,000 cases were disposed of by auotlon. Key Is wo*th 18s. 6d., and for V. H. and Co. a similar figure lb wanted. Of the latter there ia, howovor. very Utile In the market. Sales of B. and V. have been made at 12s. 6d. to 18s. ljd. Bum, 10 o.p., Is quoted at up to Sa. 3d.; little le doing in the way of eales; on one occasion, however, a parcel of 100 quartor-cashs waa placed at np to Sr. Whiskey Is In moderate requ- it, and good to Uno Scotch brands find huyera at 8s. Od. to la. Sir B, Burnett's old tom is saleable at 12*. Od. to 13s. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The buslneEB transacted in this market has been, on tho whole, of limited extent, and, as regards m tit mining stocks, extremely unsatisfactory In character. Tho market continues bare of favourite Investra ^a* stocks, and prlcoa have still an upward tendency, par tlculatly for banks'and gas compontes' abares. Of rhe latter especially tho supply le far short of the demand, and orders very difficult to execute. Prices of mining companies' shares have fluctuated considerably, and a good number of Sandhurst companies close at a hu ivy reduction on last month's ratos. The passion to toll amounted for a short time to a panic, and lu one week the market value of four leading companies lill £216,000, but tbo low prices brought in buyers, and advanced ratea have tinco been ps'd. * The market hie, however, had a groat shako, nod confidence le not yet fully restored. Two oauses have been Instrumental in producing this state of matwra. First, and as already noted, the great number of prospecting companies which are bolng carried on (principally in Sandhurst) are tar too heavy a tix f }i the mining public to support. Secondly, and more espe- cially, the reports as to the probable early cessation of dividende in the Hustler's Tribute gave a great eh r± to the faith of mining investors, and lod to v ry general dcubt about other companies, it being viry evident that the condition of this mino bad not bcon falr,y disclosed In tbo reports, and it being bollevod that somo of the directors had taken advantage of their position to sell out at high rates, whllo accesB to the works waa not permitted to tho shareholder* generally. Vf ith the exception ofNew North Dinner, Which have advanced. Clunes companies have re- ceded in value. Band and Albion Consols tuvo fluctuated, but clcso firm at a Blight advance. The mino 19 yielding extremely woll. Other Ballarat companies very dull. Stringer's Creek companies have had little busln»M, and there Is nothing parti- cular to noto of other districts, oxcept Pleasant Creek, where magnificent yields continuo to be realised from too u£C? Î9V6!Ç. Tui m'iülns Ôtyldends (cr the, tour weeks amount to £78,180 Ile,, M particularised boll tv. The half-yearly meetings of eoveral public compan'ea have boon bold during tbe month, and lu most ca es satisfactory Statements have boon laid before tbe shateholdera. The Bank of Victoria showed £51,839 10s. 6d. set prouts, out of which £25 000 was allocated to dividend at rato of 10 per con t., £5,000 taken in re- duction of bank premisos account, £15,000 added to the resoivo fund, and the balance, £6,839 10s. £1., carried forward; Tho resorve fund now Blandí at the large turn ot £165,000, and altogother tho position and proBpecls of the bank aro vory satisfactory. The Commercial Bank pro>ent;d a i report showing good improvement duriog the half- year, tho net profit, exclusive of bataneo ¡rear previous half-year, being stated at £11,129 Us. 9 J. A dividend at tho rato of 6 par cent, was declaro 1, £1,000 placed to contingency account, £5.000 plac:d aa the uuclous of a reserve fund, and £3,851 l61, carried forwatd. This Institution seems now In a fair way to become prosperous. Tho balance sheet of tho Land Mortgage Bank ct Victoria showod a profit for the half-yoar of £6,20318s. 7d., out of which a divi- dend at the rate c1 10 per coat, was dec'arcd, amounting to £6.060, leaving a balance of £1,20318*. 7d. The directors reported the bank'« securities In a satisfactory condition, but that a large Bum had re- mained unlnvcatod during the halt-yerr. The busi- ness in catii crédita ou security of freohold proper-y was reported to be Increasing. The HODSOU'B B»y Ballway Company reported Increased trafilo, both In the passenger and gooda departments; net protUa woro atated at £15,652 5s. 7d" out of which dividend at rate of 5 per cent, was declared, smountlrg to £18.807 Wa,, and. the balança carted forward. The Victoria Ufo and General Insurance Company, at their 13th annual meeting, reported the amount of £21,71110s. 7d. at credit of profit and lois account, out of which they declared dividond and bonus equal togother to 20 por cent., and amounting to £8 000, leaving £13,711 10s. 7d. to carry for wai d. The Melbourne Qaa Company ahowed £10,68111s. 61. not profit for tbo halt-year, out of which dividend at rato of 8 per cent., and amounting to £9,200 was de- clared. The Collingwood Gas Company stated their profita for the six months at £1,922 169. 8d., n".d declared dividend at ralo of 10 per cent, and BOLUS of li, per ahate, amounting togother to £1,762 lOi. Tue Geelong Gas Company declared dividend at rato of 10 per cent-, amounting to £1,207 Is. The Southe-n Insura-co Company'.) statemont showed £27,613 O.i. 8d. received for marine prejoiuma, and a largo amount -£19,000 8s. tkl.-pald for loases. Under these clr cumauccea no dividond was declared. The directora reportod the completion of satisfactory arrangement! with the London and Provincial Inburance Company tho final c'oalcg of the Aro department, a jd ox^resaed confidence In tho luturo proeporlty of the company. Ihe bolancc- ibtot of the Australasian Flro and Marlee Insurance Company showed the loss of £13,651 l8'. 6d.|for the laat six months, and here also the.-o was, of course, no dividend. Ino Ufo branch was reported proaperouB, and dividend declared at rate ol 10 per cent, with a bonus of Is. 6d. per share, amounting together to £6,250. Debentures, Banks, and MlBcelUneou» Block».-Vic- torian Government six per cont. local debentures have had few transactions, bat the price con.tuuee firm at £118 10s. to £118163. Five per cents, extremely scarce, and would command £1(8 6s. New South Wales Uro per cents, worth £106 lOi., but none offered. Melbourne Corporation six per cent«, would meet a ready tale, but of them, also, the market is quito bare. Ballarat Bank have improved from£018*, lo £7 la. Od., and aro held for £7 6s. Colonial have alao advanced, Bales being mado from £7 Oi. to £7 18s., closing In request. Commercial Improved from £1 l8«, to £5 Is. cum dividend, and close at £1 13i. ex dividend. Land Mortgage have been placed at £2 8s. to £2 Oi., and are firm at £2 8«. 61 ex dividend. National have been In good request, and changed banda at £6 7a. t<> £6 9J.; shares on the London register quitted at £0 Hi., and Adolalde register obtainable at £3 6s. 6d. Bank of New South Wales wanted at £1210i. Bank of Victoria I n good request-£1610s. paid for a large parcel. Ballarat Gas held tor £11. Bendigo sold at £6 11B , and since improved to £5 13J. buyer. Collingwood Qaa weie lu request at £918s. 6d cum dividend, and havo now buyers at £9 7s. Od. ex dividond. Mel- bourno Gas have buyer at £6 83. ex dividend ; no chares In tho market. Australasian Flro and Harina Insurance woro quitted at 5s, and are now worth 51. 7Jd. Lifo atares advanced from 16a. 61 to 17s. Od. In conscquencoof bonus. Australian AUIanco havo buyer at 40s., adler at 11s, and havo boen placed at interme- diate price. Katlonal Insurance sold at 8s. Sd., and have buyer at same, sellers asking 8s. 61. Southern In turarce were quitted at 12s. Od , but havo since been sold np to 18s. Gd., and are in roqucst.wllh 15s. asked ; not many »b*res 1 Hering. Melbourno and Bobson's Bay Ballway improved to £10 buyer, but cone cITercd under £52, euro, dividend. Molbourno Meat preeervlng Company placed at £5, and obtainable about same.' Mines.-Ballarat and Other Districts.-Bind and Albion OonBOla opened dull with sellen at £516s., and gradually receded till they were quitted at £112«. Od. cum dlv., slnco which tboy have steadily Improved, and have been sold up to £5161.; tho mine continues to yield extremely well. Black Hone havo receded to 21B. teller. Bonshaw have had a limited business at £22 to £23 lOi, and close about latter price. Corisande have bad a depressed market, receding from £19 to £11. City of Canterbury sold at 66a, and held for 60s. Cilteilon, Clunes, after being placed to a moderno extent at Iii., weio pressed on the market, and sr id down to 6a.; but have Blnce Improved, and cloie w tu butor at 81 ; mine prospecta good. Clunes Consols quite nominal ; sellers at £5 5s. Cornish, Daylea'ord. have bad a limited business at about £215 to £218 Cornish United, Bright, have been pressed on the market at falling ratee jeales from 17«. G1, to Ga., closing about 7«. E. H. Union, Maldon, wanted at l61., and held for 17s. Gd. Good Hope Tunnelling sold to a small ixtent at about £8 16s. Groat Gulf neglected. Gravel Pita sold to a small extent at £28 to £20, re- ceding attorwards to £11, and close dull. Hope placed at 7a. 6d. to 8s. 3d., but bavo since dropped to 69. Gd., and are dull. Koh-i-noor without business ; nominal rates 86s. to 40a. Leviathan dull at £7 seller. Long Tunnel changed hands at £120; have buyera about £128. and are bold for £127. Lothalr have had a dull market throughout tho month, and rooodod from £16 .to £13 10s., cloaing with buyer at £18 7«. Ga. Magdala, with a limited business, havo advanced la value; sales from63i. to C2i.; shares well held. Mol- bourno and Avoca nsmlnal at £2 61. buyer, £8 seller. New North Clunes havo had an improved market ; sales ranging frrm £88 to £105, and dosing about £101. Ixorth Cornkh nominal about 80s. to 32'. North Gipps Land hold for £10 Park havo had a very fluctuating market, opening at 23i., receding to 0a., and improving to Ila., closing at about 10J. Prlnco of Wales, Sebastopol, have been nominal nt about 27«. Gd. ; an Improvement in the yiolda during the last, few days. Bed Jackot had business at from 20s down to 22s. Gd., and close quiet Baoooourne havo had a falling market, receding from 66a. to soliera at 44s, St. George and Band without transac- tions ; paid up held for 85s. and new for 22i. Tookey, NZ, have had little buslneiB, and prlcea have receded ; Balee from £5161.to £410a, and new issue from 32 f. to 201. united Albion and Prince of Wales have had few tiBneaotis-ns, and the price fell from 15«. to 10«., but have tinco been in better request, and close about 131. United H»nd and Band, double, have had a falilr-g mai kel throughout the month; aalea from O81. down to 65s., closing with eellor at 661. United Ovona have been placed lu a very limited extent at 21s. to25B ,and closo with buyerB at latter. Walhalla nominal at £203 buyer, £208 seller. Winter's Freehold havo bad a fluctuating, but on the whole a falling market, sales ranging from £34 to £29, closing with seller at latter. Sandhurst-Avondale Company quite nominal at 7s. 6d. Buffalo Head Tribute sold at 7s. to Gs., and havo buyers at 6s. 6d. Bendigo and Melbourne had a fair extent of business at 18s. Gd. to 14s. Gd,, bnt closo quiet, Catherina Beef United nominal at 13a. Gd. seller. Comet wonld find .buyer at Si, and are held for 7?. Ellesmere nominal at 18a Gd. seller. Eureka Tribute obtainable at 6a., and Garden Gully Freehold at 8s. Golden Sovereign placed to a small extent at 2s. Od. to 2« Gd. G. G. Consolidated have had ex- tremely little businoaa this month, and clqse with seller at 25s. cum tributes, and 21s. ex tributes. Golden Fleece Company havo bad receding from 76a. to 424. 6d.; since Improving to 67«. 6d., at about which wey closo. Tho tfrltjutes havo bad a falling market, receding from about 11s. to 7s. Od. Great Kxtended Bustler's Company have fallon considerably below last month's closing rate. Bales have been to a good extant, bnt at vory fluctuating prices, falling from £17 to £1110a , recovering to £16, and finally falling to £11. Mine reported to bo looking extremely well. The tributo No. 1 have been dealt In to an onormous ex- tent, at rates rising and falling several times in the couiee of each day. A report that the upper level was nearly worked out, and would yield very few more dividends, caused quito a panic in the market, and prlceB were forced down from £1 lOi. to £1 131, at which the market turned, and rose after numerous fluctuations to £8 Oh Since thla they havo had a veryvarlablo business, closing about 61s. 6d. The transactions in this stock were so numerous, extend- ing to far moro than double tho total number of aharoa In tho company, that great difficulty was exporlencod In getting delivery of scrip, and several repudiations occurred. * An-examlnatlon of the mine has been mads by order of the hahVyearly-ineetlng of shareholder J. and the inspectors report that there le-atxinoatbV work In iheprocant level; notwithstanding this the market is Btill unBettled. Bo Tribute No. 2havo had a moderate extent of business at prlcea ranging between 20a and 22a. Gd., closing with adler anoat 20«, Od. Hustler's Consola United have been placid to a moderate extent "at from 8s. Sd to 4s., dosing about 3s. 4Jd, Extended Hustler's Freehold fell from 80s. to 16s, but havo tinco recovered, and been sold up co 28s., cloaiDg at about S7l. Od. Huitlor's Beef placed at 20s. Hustlci's Koiorvo sold to a limited extent at 7«. 61, to 6a. 6d, and close with seller at latter. Imporl ii Hustler's have chancad hand« nt 7«. to 8. Od., and close about" 7a. Gd. buyor. Koch aud .Hildebrandt's Tributo placed at 12a. Gd. to lBi., and are firm at latter prlco. Lszarua Company nominal at 82s. Lannis No, 1 have boon aold at 25 u Gd., Improving to 20s. Od., and cloaing firm ; rn-no looking welL Latham and Wataon'a Tributo No 1 havo had a falling market ; Bales at 6«. to ii 61, .dosing about 4i. Od. New Chum and Victoria Com pan; placed to a limited extant at 65a. to 61a., and close about 61a ; do. Tribute aold to a good extent at £17 to £13. and since recovering to £17, at which they CIOEO. North Hustler's have bad scarcely any business, and the nominal prico has receded from lOi. to li 1 North Johnson's have changed hands to a moderate extentai20«. to28s.,cloaingbuyeraataatne. Newchum and Bellevue Ballway Beserve have had a varying market, aalea ranging from 82s. 6d. to S81. Od, closing about 85s ; mine looking woll, North Old Chum qnlet at about 83s. Gd. to 84t. 6d. North Shenandoah nominal at 14s. Old Chum have changed hands to a limited extent at 41s. ta47i. and are obtainable about 46a. Pioneer (Koch's) so d to aemall extent at 01a. to 60s., cloaing dull, Bich&'d Healea have had a very fluctuating market ; sales from 28s. down 15s. Cd., sinos recovering to 21s., at which they are offered. Boee of Denmark nominal atl4i. Boyal Hustler's havo had an extremely fluctuating business, price« dropping from 44s. to 27s. then rapidly rising to GOa, and finally toiodlng to 46J. sellera. South Stafford have had a limited extent of business at 6s. to Ga. Gd., and are offered at 6s. Shenandoah Company bavo changed hands at 20s. to 23s. Od , and havo buyer at 23s. Shenandoah Tribute quittod at from 0a. to 7s. Gd. St Mungo-hill sold at la. 8d , and bald for 2s. Union Jock, Heathcote, quitted at prlco withheld, nominal value about Is. 3d. Victoria Gold Mines cgered at 62s. Od. Weat Carahalton Tribute nominal at 8«. The mining dividends doclared during the month ending august 10, amount to £73.480 14a. ; el which £69,87114s. were distributed by quartz, and £14109 by alluvial companies. The dividends in detail a'e as follow:-For week ending July 20-Great Kx- tended Hustler's Tribute, Sandhurst, 81. Gd. pit 28,000tb, £4,000 ; New Ohum and Bellevue Ballway Reservo, Sandhurst, Od. per 28,000th, £1,060 ; Pandora, Sandhurst, l8, por 23.000th, £1.400; Bellovuo, Sandhurst, Id. per 24.000th, £100; Liver- pool Tribute, Sandhurst, 3d. per 21000th, £300; Gladstone, Maryborough, Is. per 6,000th, £300; HOltb Fear-not, Daylesford, 3d. per 21,000th, £300 ; Gravel Pits, Ballarat, 6i. per 1100th. £276; Albion Consols, Ballarat, Ss. per 2,000th, £30,0 ; Band and Albion Consols, Ballarat, la. per 22,460tb, £4 400 ; Golden Lake, Springdallah, Gs. per 4 400tb, £1100 ; Haddon, Haddon, £2 per 61th, £128 ; North Cross Beef, Pleasant Creek, 16s. per 10,009th, £8,000 ; Glon gonner, -arniston, 2a. per 2,000th, £200. For week ending July 27:-Groat Extended Hustler's Eui Company, Sandhurst, 2s. Gd, per 28 000th. £3,600 ; St. Mungo, Sandhurst, Od. per 21000th, £600 ; Alabama, Sandhurst, £87 4a. per 10th, £872 ; Eoatwood'a Quartz, Sandhurst, £5 per 21th, £120; Morning Star, Black- wood, £110 per 4th, £140; Band of Hope Mary- borough, 2s. per0,000th,£000¡Seaham,Maryborough, 2B. por 6.000th, £000; John Bright, Maryborough, 61. por 0,0001b, £1,500; Try-again. Smythesdale, £13 por 23rd, £200; Cornlib, Daylesford, 6s. per 1,300th, £325; New North (¡Innes, Clunes, £1 per 2 050th, £2,056. For week ending August 8;-Argyle, Lintons, 2a. Cd. per 8,200th, £400; Gladatono, Maryborough, la. per 0000th, £300 ; Galatea. Scarsdale, Ga. per 2,100th, £525 ; Golden Stroim, Bcarsdalo, lOi. per 2 000th £1,000; Haddon, Haddon, £3 per 61th, £192 ; Glengonner, Lauriston, 2s. 0d. per 2 000th,£250; Union, Diamond Creek. 3d. per 20,000th, £260; Golden Fleece, Sandhurst, Gd. per 20.000th, £600; Vlotoiia Reel Gold Mines, Sandhurat, la. por 20,271th, £1,01814s.; Old Ohum, Sandhurst, Is. per 27.000th. £1,850; Kew Chum and Bellevue P\Uway Reservd, Sandhurst, Is. per 28 000th, £1,400; Groat Extended Hustler's Tribute Fo. 1, Sandhurat, 2a. per 280.0th, £2,800; New Caledonia, Castlemaine, Is. 6d. per 24 000th, £1800; North Cross Beef, Pleaisut Creek, £1 per 10 OOOtb, £10,000 ; Champion, Sandhurst, 2d. per 21,00Oth," £200. For week ending Au¿uit 10-Great Extended Hnstlor'a, Bandhurat,2i. 6d. per 23,0Oûtn, £3.600 ; North Johnson's, Sandhurat, 61. per 22 OOOtb, £650 ; O. O, Freehold Tribute, Sandhurat, 8d per 21000th, £800; Telegraph, Huntly, od. per 21,000ih, £600 ; Band of Hope, Maryborough, 2s. per 6,000th, £000; John Brigbt, Maryborough, 2«. per 0,000th. £000; Seaham, Maryborough, 3.'. par 6 OOOtb, £000; Victoria, Llanelly, Od. per 6.000th. £163 ; Union, Diamond Orcek, '3d. per 20 0001b, £260; Cornish, Daylesford, 6a per 1800th, £325; Specimen, Jamieson, lOdf per 48,CO0tb £2,000 ; Speculation, Maldon, la pur 2 4001b, £120 ; Troubadonr Tribute, Maldon Gd. per '82,000lh. £800; Long Tunnol, Stringer',« Oreek, £3 per £2100th, £7,200. Tho district! from which the above mining dividends wera derived rank as follow«. In order of amount dis tilbutcd :-Sandhurst, £24.455141. ; Pleasant Creek, £18,000 ; Gipps Land £7,200 ; Maryborough, £5,400; Ballarat, £6.(65; Smythesdale, £8,611; Olunes £2,060; Wood's Point. £2.000; Daylesford, £1,870; Castlemaine, £1,800 ; Llanolly, £600; Diamond Oroek, £600 ; Laurieton, £160; Blackwood. £110. 7 ho total mining dividends declared during the several mall periods slnco January 1 ara as foi low :-Four weeks ending January 27, £01.817 Oi. 41 ; four weeks ending February 24, £01 8Î0 4i ; tour weeks ending March 28, £83,119 3). 4d.; four wooka ending Amil 20. £78 730 81.; four weeks ending May l8 £80,767 10s ; four weeks ending June 16. £01,656 61 ; tour weeks ending July l8. £70,681 Iii Sd,; loor weeka ending August IO, £73180 14a-, making a gross total for tie year to date of £014,682 Os. Id. reported by publio companies, to which a considerable further «um would require to be added for private ojtnpinlos and for publiccompanlos not reported. MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE MARKET. Moeurs. GOLDSMIOTJOU and Co. report :-'* Wool, Tho' business transacted during tho past month has I been very limited, and oonflned almost entirely to a few parcels tf fellmongers' scoured and allpe. Tho quantity evon oi these descriptions hu been less than usual, the continued wet weather having retarded tho | drying of theVobl Thcrola every prospect ol au ex. collontcllp, both as regards condition and quilty, tho sheep being generally la good order, and their fleeces aro throughout the-groater portion ot the colony heavier and sounder than at thla time last year. The staple will no doubt be longer, aa it will be remona berod that In most instances last season's clip was only 10 or 11 months' growth, owing to the late sboar ing ol tbo previous year. The present clip will be fully 12 months' yield, and possibly moro, if the present unsettled weather continuo«, aa the shoarlng will probably bo later than usual. Feed and water are abundant, and tho ralna seem to bo general thronghout tbe country. Altogetber there are substantial reasons for expecting a clip which will tully support and maintain the reputation Auatrallan wool has gained. The advices from England are not so satisfactory aa we could wlab, the large quantity of wool brought forward at the June London eales having bad the effect of depressing prlcea; but this decline will probably be to some extent recovered at tho year advancea. The Indications are healthy, and prospects can scarcely be looked on as other than favourable, though we do not expect that the extremo ratos realised in February will again be reached, the cause* which led to the great advance realised at that time being quito exceptional. According to latest advices, the stocks In manufacturers' hands were very llybt, consumption was going on at a rapid rate, and altogether trade was In a lound condition. Tho Americans aro likely to be large buyera in thli maiket thla next season, the highly satisfactory result ol last year'« operations having given great encourage ment to those who purchased. Wo aro receiving by eich mail advices tram American firms, who are send- ing Heir representatiree ; and wo have aubetaniial rea;Olia lor believing that the purchases for America «U! be very considerable It la moat satisfactory to leam that the different shipments have elicited the highest commendation from American manufacturers, and the extreme ratea realised tor the different cargoes, in New York and Boston, show tho appreciation in which Australian wool Is held In the United States Wo aro glad to loam that Congress haa reduced the duty, which will glvo a further Impetus to the direct trado which baa been Inaugurated under such promising ausploea, and we believe that further concessions will bo mado In tho conreo of time. In addition to buyers on American account, tbo English, Scotch, French, and Gorman manufacturers will be largoly represented hore, and altogether we havo reason to believe that the competition for wool in Melbourne during tbo coming season will far exceod that of any provioua yoar. The following ships have cleared for London during the month with wool on board :-July 20, Newcastle, 1.186 bale«; July 23, Janet Court, 565 balea : Aug. 8, Yorkshire, 1,077 bales ; total, 2,827 bales. Add previous ahlpmenla, 209,729 baloe ; total shipments-Oct. 1, 1871, to date, 212,666 bales. Prices ourrent nominally as follows, no wool offering : -Groar>y-Inferior, 8d. to.OJd.; ordinary to avertgo, lOd. to lid.; good to superior, Hld. to Is. 2d. Fleece -Inferior, is. 2d. to la. 8d,; ordinary to average, Is. Id. to li. ed.; average to good, Is. 7d. to le. lOd ; superior, la. lid. to 2s. 2d. Scoured- Inferior, le. 2d. to Is. Id.; ordinary, 1B. 6d. to la. 7d : middling to good, la, 8d. to Is. 10d.; auperior, Is. lid. to 2d, 2d. Shoepiklns.-The auction eales of the past month have been well attended, and prices have gradually Improved, being now higher than wo ever remember to have teen them here. The quantity offering le far below tho requirements of the trado, bnt consists prin- cipally of largo-framed, full-woollod skins. Wo have aold butchers' aklns from Is. to 8s. each, and station Bklns frcm Id. to 8}d. per lb. Hides.-Tho markot has been weU tupplled, the greater portion bolng taken for local nae at lato prlcos. We quote ox hides, 20». to 80a. each ; cow hidoa, 18s. to 20a. eaoh ; and wet salted, 8Jd. to ljd. per lb. Calfskins and kips are In request, and reailso high prloes. Our Bales have ' been from Ed. to 0Jd. per lb. Leather.-At our weekly Bales we have sold as foUowa :-Calf, 8s. > ed. to Si, 93. ; kip. Is. Si. to le. lOd. ; harnoiB, Is. Sid. to Is. 2£A; and sole, lOd. to lid. per lb. Biella are worth from Si. to 7s. per dozen. Kangaroo eklns continue to be In demand, and realise high prices when In good condition. We quote extra large sizes up to 10a,; large slzos, 20a, to 80a.; medium to largo, 10s. to 20s.; and small to medium. Is. to 10s. por dozen. Tallow.-Tho short supply has caused our woekly sales to pasa off with groat briskness, prices having titled extremely high. The bulk of our sales havo Seen to local manufacturera. We have sold 672 casks of all sorts at the following prlcoa :-Hutton, £83 10a. to £3810a. ; beef. £31 to £87 ; mixed. £31 to £36 ; and Inferior, £29 to £31 per ton. The clearances are : 1872- July SO- Newcastle, Melbourne for London, 886 casks ; July 22-Turkish Empire, Molbourno for London, 616 casks ; July 28-Janet Court, Molbourno tor London, 993 casks; Aug. 7-Yorkshire, Mel- bourne for London. 212 casks. Total, 2,237 casks. Preserved Meats.-Tho various meat-preserving estab- lishments continuo at work, though not on so ex- tensive a ccale as could be desired, owing to the limited supply and consequent high price of Btock; and we do not expect any material Increase in the enpply until after tboarlng. The nhipmenta are »a follow:-1872.-June 20, Newcastle, 2 686 cues; June 23, Janet Court, 6,020 do.; August 7, Yorkshire, 8 071 do. Total, 11,670 caies." Mettre. HASTINGS CTJNIKOHAM and Oo. report: "Beaton 1871-72.-Wool,-Since the departure of Ja-rt mall there have been no transactions of importance, the .only lots sold belnir remante of parcela of fell- mongers' scoured ; quotations, therefore, are nominal. BhearirVg will be later than was expected, owing to the continual rains that have fallon, and, probably, no sheds will commence before tho end of the month. At prêtent the prospects OB to quaUty and ccndltion of the coming ollp are favourable, tho wool now taken off tho iheeptklns being of long staple, well grown, and etrong. Freight Is obtainable at id. per lb. The .^hlpirenta Blnco lut »port aro aa follow : For London :-Newcastle, 1,185 bales, cleared July 20 ; Janot Court, 665 balee, clearod July 28 ; Yorkshire, 1.077 bales, cleared AnguBt 7 ¡-total. 2 827 baloi ; pre- vious shipment«, 101,607 balea. Total shipments for London, 194 884 balea. Total shipments for America .19.208 bales. Total shipment« from 1st October, 1871 to 7lh August, 1872 218 632 bales; corresponding period 1870-71.216.625 do. ; do I860 70. 208.820 do ; do. 1868 69,211.579 do. ; da 1867-68.203,111 do. ; du. 1866 (7 167 875 do. Tho Lord Warden is about to clear, andwIlltakelSObalea. TbeSomersotahlrealioIaloadlng. Sheepskins.-Tbe quantity brought forward tor sale »Ince last report baa boen abort of the average Buppiy. and prices have maintained laat month'« rate Butchers* green skins sold at from 8s. to 7s. 61. each ; crotebred up to 8i 6d. each j dry station skins from 4}d. to 0J. per lb. Hides have been In good doman 1. We report an Improvement lu quotations, ox hldej Íavlng been sold at from 25i. to 80s. each ; cow hides, rom 16s. to 20i each ; calfskins, from Gd. to 6Jd, per Ib.; wet-aalted hides, from 4JO. to 5J4. do. Tho Janet Court takes 133 niara, bslug the flo-t Shipment from thla port for a considerable timo. Tallow.-Wo have held three public sale', disposing ot 190 casks. Prlcoa decUned after receipt of the June advices of the London market, and owing to the continued scarcity of fat stock the supplie» for ealo have been limited to the requirements of the local trade. We quote mutton at from £33 to £38 5i. por ton ; beof, £81 to £80 per ton ; mixed, from £32 to £83 per ton. The ehlpmonts this month amount t ) 1620 casks. Kangaroo Bklns aro In demand, and aro worth from Hi. to 10s per dozen, according to size and condition. There has been only a small supply brought forward during tbe month." TOE LOKIlOS AXD AUSTB¿LI.aN lOKKCT CORPORATION LutiTBD report:-" Wool.-During the past month nu transactions of Importance have been effected, and the ?mall quantity sold haa beon composed of odd lota, chiefly country cconred, which have realised prices fully maintaining late rates. Our private London tele- gram by last English mall, dated 1th July, leads ua to expect a good market and firm prlcos tor somo time to come, but we do not anticipate any material advance or alteration from present prices. Heavy rains have tallen throughout the country to an extent which will nn many stations delay ahoaring operations for from threo to four weeks, while on somo fow Btationa in New South Wales shearing haanlready commonjed but tho wet and cold weather has oayot prtvenled this from becoming genoral. Frolghts.-Trio rates now demanded aro-for greasy, fd. ; scoured and washed, Jl. We give the following quotations as nominal, viz. : Greasy-Inferior, Od. to 7d. per lb ; medium, 7Jd to 0Jd. do.; good, lOJd. to 12d. do.; superior, none offer- ing. Qlipc-Intenor, 7d. to Od. do-; medium, 9J. to 14d. do; good, lid. to 15Jd. do.; superior, lCJd. to 17d. do. Scoured-Inferior, lOd. to 16d. do. ; medium, 16d. to 19d. do. ; good, 16_d. to 2?Jd. do.; superior, 281. to 29d. Floece-None offering The following ships have cleared etneo our last, viz : July 20, Kewcastle, 1,100 bales; July 22, Turkish Empire, nil; July 23. Janet Court, 665 balea ; August 7, Yorkshire, 717 bales ; August 7, Lord Warden, 120 bates ¡-total, 2,931 bales ; add previous Bhipments slnco 1st October, 1871, 210,115 bale;. Total shipments since 1st October, 1671, 218 076 bales. Voséela Load- ing.-For London- Someraetshire, Shannon, City of Agra. Sheepskins.-The supply continues unequal to the demand, hence spirited competition ana firm prices ruto the market. Wo quoto green skins from 8a. Od. to 8i. 3d. rach, and dry station skins from Id. to 8jd, per lb. Hldee.-A fair supply has beon brought forward, and prices remain drm, all offered bein,' readily bought up for local consumption. Ox hides tell from 21s. to 80s. each ; cow hide* from 13s. to 20a. eaob ; wet salted, Id. to 6Ji por lb Tallow-The supply hu been limited, ana the sales have been well attended by both tho local and ship plnglride, tho former having bcon the mist oagor pur chotera. Prices remain unaltered. We quote: Mutton, from £3510a. to £38 5s ; beef £33 to £36 Si.; mixed, £31 to £86 10s"; and Inferior. £26 to £3010s per ton. The ablpments of tho month amount to 2,487 casks. Freights, 053. to 70J. per ton. Bato of Exchange.-The backs quoi o-60 dajB' Bight, buring rate,-} per cent, discount; 80 do., do., par; 60 do, ?oiling rate, $ per cent, premium; 80 do., do., 11 do. do. Stations. - Since our monthly repon dated the 10th July, the market for both free hold and leasehold pastoral properties boa boen inactive, not for want of investors, who ar-., very muterons, bi't becau'O owners aro not dis- posed to tell except at the rates ruling before the repott reached ns of the fall lu the prlco of wool In the Billian and foreign markets. Wo do not expect to report ra'ea ct any Importance until altor shearing, which will immediately bo general in the earlier dur trlcts. Boveral valuable properties will be brought Into this markot beforo the closo of the preient year, the receive pilcos of which will hi greatly influenced hythe prospects Indicated at our oponlng wool silos during Oatober and November next, now anxlonily looked forward to by owners. For unitockod country in Now South Wales there Is at presont an unprecedented de maud, and store stock are consequently hlgb, with every appoarance that tbo quotations will be full» maintained. The past winter haa been unusually [ severo and wet, and from the soveral districts our reports as to tho quantity of wool and per-centago ol lambs expected aro aomowhat at variance. Tbo quality cf the wool is Blated as oxcollent; but In many districts the quantity will bo found below an avorige."_ MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORTS. Mr. 8. Ps BEER reports as follows :-"SInoo my last c'rcular, otlbe 16tb ult-, great du!ne«bas been tho prevailing feature in every department of shipping business, the generally wet weather experienced, to- gether with tlie'contirjaod scarcity of tonnage, having combined to produce this result, which, however, may be regarded aaexcuptlonal, notwithstanding thoBoaaou being the moat Inanimate of the year. Tho clearance! for London during the month falling tobe advised em- brace but four ships, viz : -The Newcastle, 1187 tons ; Janet Court, 996 ; Yorkshire, 1,200 ; and Lord Warden 1,237 ; each with a full cargo ol genoral produce but. with limited numbera of paaaengen. The berth for tho above-mentioned destination Ia now occupied by the Shannon, 1,600 ; Olty of Agra, 1,070 ; Norfolk, 1 000 ; and screw steamer Somenetahlro 2,812 tona. It la anticipated that thla season's clip of wool will be a large one, although the continued rain) we ire experiencing will, no doubt, retard the com- mencement of Its shipment considerably beyond that of laat year, tbo aoaaou thon having been more than usually dry, and consequently all In f «vour of a speedy transit, especially from the large and far outlying dis- tricts. It Is lmposslb'e to predict with cortaioty as to the rates at whioh freights may rule on the opening of the season, as a good deal must depend upon the various Indian freight markets-which by our last advices wero far from being In a satisfactory state and also of course upon tho extont of the arrivals we may have from Britain, and acoounta by last mall ad vticd no cxcsia over the average quantity usually on the varions bertha, and at present the tonnage In our waten Is extremely limited, whlob, however, li to somo ixtent to be accounted for by-tho provalllng easterly winds exporte jced along our couts, causing, 'as it no doubt baa, several Bultablo ships to m ai o more than usually protracted passages. Kates of freight to London have ru'ed very muco tho lame as those cur- rent during the preceding month, but since tho clear- ances of the ships retened to above, an advance hat been Bought to be established, and preaent quotations ore-for wool, greasy and washed overhead, 0J1 per lb ; (allow. 65a. to 70s.; bark, ground, Sua ; do., chopped, 05i.; aklns, 75a; leather, 70i. t9 80i ; pre- served meat«, 15s. per 10ft. With boreel the Ben Ledi hu been deapatcbod for Calcutta, and the Lady Octavia for Bombay, while the Ettrickdale li now on the berth loading Bindiar stock for tho firat._amed port. For Mauritius the Sarah and EUzabelb havo »lied, thofoimer having a cargo of boaedutt and the latter a »mall number of bones. Tho Syren, with a Cfjrgo of artificial manure for Batavia, haa ado lett ; is well as the Condor, for tbe new settlement of Port Darwin on tbe northern coast, having on board about 110 passenger*; and for the same destination tbe barque Bokitlka and steamer Omeo aro now on the Berth. The chartering operations to be advised aro not by any means exte-elvc, being upon even a more * limited Kale than these concluded during theprecod. log month, tboie reported being the Ettrickdale, 1 288 tons, boneo to Calcutta, with about 80 horses, £650, charteren finding water, aa well aa all other requirements; City ot Agra, 1071. heneo to Lon- don, with general produco, £3,600; Lanarkshire, 1,489, to proceed to Adelaide, thora to load breads tu Us and other general cargo, at a round sum, the amount of which baa been kept private, bat supposed to bs £6,000 ; Pekin, 695, coals, Newcastle to Zebu (Philippines), 40i; Southern Belle, 1,129, from earns port to Manilla, also with coala, 85s ; Onward, coala, Sydney to Hong Kong, 28i ; Kate Watara, 605 Newcastle to Chefoo with coals, and back frr m a port In China with sugar, at £8 17a. 64. tor the round. Coal freights to the various ports in China, as woll as to California, have considerably declined, consequent upon recent advicos received of the lessened values prevailing there for this important staple, and prêtent quotations cannot be noted higher than-loading at Newcastle-Hong Kong, 82».; Shanghai, 42s,; Singapore, 22a. 61; Java, 16s. ; San Francisco, 32«. There la really no ohauge to note In tho coasting trado ; rates for coals from Newcastle to this port being about the eame as last quoted, although the recent partial strike amongst the miners at the abovo Bhippfng ports-now happily arranged-caused some detention there to véasela on gaged In thla traffic, the only transactions worth re- ferring to being tho engagement of two véasela for 12 months at 12a. Gd. per ton. There continuel a fair demand on the part ol purchase» of shipping, but no vessels beiog available, no trans- actions in this branoh of business bave taken place. 8hlps' Clearances with Colonial Produce.-July 16. Ben Ledi, 1,067 tonB, for Calcutta-226 bags bran, 60 tone bay, 10 tona chaff. 100 tanka, 110 horses. July 17.-Bangalore, B.M.S., 2,003 tons, for Point de Gallo -2 criks tallow, 8 caaos preserved moat, 87 oases jams, 285 bags flour, 7 cases butter, 84,125M;. gold, £28,012 Bpecle. July 17.-Lady Octavia, 1,172 tons, for Bombay -36 tons bran SO tone h orao fodder, SI empty tanka, 170 horses. July 20.-Newcastle, 1,137 tons, for London 1,180 bales wool, 880 casks tallow, 2,685 cases preserved meat, 20 balea rabbit skins« 5 bales kangaroo skins, 4 bales sheepskins, 43 casks aklns, 320 balea leather, 805 balea bark, 188 balea palta, 40 balea boalla, 82 bales scrolls, l61 casks beef, 12 calka black sand, 84 caaes beef hams, 1,423 bags bark, 2.270 caica copper, 88 blocka antimony. July 22.-Turkish Empire, 1,602 tone, for London via Portland Bay-616 casks tallow, 2 144 bags bark, 1,477 caica 1,881 lngota copner. July 23.-Janet Court, 986 tons, for London-GOG bales wool, 903 packages tallow, 6,020 packages preaervod meat, 76 packagea skins, 488 hides, 8 balea basils, 100 bales scrolls, 8 casks black sand, 03 bales 9.99ft bags bark, 2 bales flax, 100 bales rags, 1,817 packagea bark. July 20.-Elizabeth, 268 tona, for Mauritius-22 onpty tanka, 188 tiercea beef, 28 horses, 10,000 aovorelgns July 8L-Byron, 167 tons, for Batavia-350 cases pre- served meat, 4 casks calfskins, 58 cases wine, 14 baloi leather, 00 casks manure. August 2-Sarah, 283 tons, for Mauritius-270 tons bonedust, 10,000 sovereigns. August 7.-Yorkshire, 1,200 tona, for London-318 Ingots tin, 61S bales leather, 660 bogs antimony ore, l8 balea 16 casks Bklns, 81 casks tallow oil, 133 bundles fielte, 16 bundlea glue piceos, 747 bales wool, 1,216 ngota 1,642 cakes copper, 1,118 brlea bark, 3,074 casoi S reserved mrat, 23 r'oea 210 casks tallow. 77 hales sells. Angustio.-__e Lord Warden, 1,237 tona, for London-420 bales wool, 800 caska tallow, 4.035 casos preserved mea*, 35 balee aheopakins, 17 balea rabbit akinB, 8 balea kangrroo rkins, 27 casks kangaroo skins, 888 brlea leather, 814 balas 4810 bags bark, IG bales basils, 800 casks tieac's, 87 caska beef, 26 casks metal, 8 casks 63 bags antimony, 2.062 cakes copper." Messrs. ALFRED WOOLLEY and Co report:-"SInoo we Issued our last report, on tho 10th ult., very law vessels have arrived, and our harbour ia now BO baro of ships that if none como in shortly the number in port will soon bo summed up with a unit. At tbla moment there Is no tonnage obtainable, and business conrequently Is at a standstill. Transactions bava necessarily been limited, but for the bualneea done the freights obtained may be considered extremely satlafsc t tory. In ocal chartere operations were few, and with one exception wero concluded prior to the mall's arrival. , Since tbon ratas to Chinese porta have receded about 20ptrccnt, and at prosont but Uttlo Inquiry exist«. The miners' etrike at Newcastle (which happily baa now terminated) haa occasioned serious detention to cbsr»«red shifs, and was likewise a great hindrance to all business. For London, the following ships havo filled up with cal go and passengers, and ¿ailed, viz.: Newcastle, Janet Court, Yorkshire, and The Lord Warden. The borth Is now occupied by tho S.B. Somersetshire, Norfolk, Shannon, and City of Agra, for which cargo Is offering In fair quantities and at Increased ratio. It la now certain that no other veasel will be laid on to take general cargo, and for this reason freights should continue firm until tho wool season commences ; then a rise may b3 fairly expected. It is rather early to give an opinion of tho coming wool season, more particularly aa the weather continues ao wet and bleak that a late shearing li more than probable. We anticipate, however (look- ing at the tonnago now In port and on the wa>) that rates of freight will at no time bo very buoyant. Somewhat depends on the operations ot American buyers, whose dlroct shipments last year had a prejudicial iffect on London freights. The Turkish Empire has gone to Portland, and the J. M. Joshua and Lanarkshire proceed to Adelaide, oil under chartor for London. For Calcutta wo noto the departure of the Ben Ledi fixed, to return with cargo back to Mel- bourne. For tho asme round two or three abips could bo p'aced. Tbo Ettrickdale le tbo only chartor (or horses mado this month, and could only socureaamall number. For Bombay.-Ihe Lady Octavia sailed on the 18th ult. with 180 horses. For Madras.-The Blvorsdale li now loading, and will sall this week. For Hong Kong -The Onward, fixed to load coal In Sydney. Fur bhanghai -No transactions tall to be reported. For tbe Philippines.-The Pekin, cbartored for Zebu, and the Southern Belle, for Manilla both to load at New castle. For Java.-Wo bear the Bene la fixed back to Melbourno For San Francisco.-Tho veaaela named in our last have all cleared, and tbe enly addition tJ the list Is the Jullot, to load In Sydney. Charters aro comprised in the following :-City of Agra, 1 078, Mot bourne to London, £8,600, charterers to stow tho cargo; Ettrickdale 1,258, Melbourne to Calcutta, £650 ; Lanarkshire, 1,480, Adelaide to London, terms withheld ; Onward, 606, Sydney to Hong Kong, 80s ; Pekin, 606, Newcastle to Zebu, 40s,; Southern Belle, 1,128, Nowustlo to Manilla, 85s. ; Helona, 603, Newcastle to Otago, 24i; Kate Waters, 680, Newcastle to Chefoo; Freight Quotations -Melbourne to London- Wool, id. and {a. per lb ; leather, gd. per lb ; tallow 66s., ca'o meats 40a , ground bark 50s., chopped bark 65i., copper 5a. per ton ; South Australian port to London, 70s. per ton bark ; lallao to United Kingdom, 02a. Gd. por toa guano; Java to Continent, 72s. Gd.; Newcastle to Shanghai, 35B ; Yokohama. 40a.; Hong Kong, 28s ; Slngaporo, 26a.; Java, l61.; San Francisco, 82a ; Valparaiso, 18s.: Mauritius, 20«.; Bombay, 24s.; Cal- cutta, 18s.'1 MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATURDAY, AUG. 10. THE MILLS. Business has boon biisk during the week, tho In- quiry for flour having been vo-y active. The quota tiouB are as follow :-Flour, £16 6s. to £16 10s ; pollard, la 3d to Is. Gd. ; bran, Is Id,; pearl barley, £80 ; oatmeal, £20. BETAIL MARKETS. Butter is easier in teno, and eggs aro also loss firm. In butchers' meat and poultry there aro no changea to note. The current ratea are as follow j-Beef, 3d. to 7d, per lb.; pork, Gd. ti 0d. do ; mutton, 2Jd. to 6d. do. Poultry. - Fowls, 4a. to 6s. per pair; geese, 8a. to 11s. do. ; ducks, 4s. 6d. to 6s. do.; turkeys, 10?. to 20B. do. Dalry Pro duce.-Cheese, Gd. to la. per lb.; ogga, Is. 41. to la Od. per dozen; butter, Is. 4d. to la. Od. per lb.; bread, 74 per 41b loaf; milk, Gd. per quart; hams, Is. Id. to Is 3d. per lb. ; bacon, lid. to Is. 2d. per lb. HAT MARKET. Mr. JAMBS FBKTOÄ reports ;-" In consequonca of tho Inclemency of the weather, tho supply has been limito J. Prime samples have advanced. Good straw continues scorce. Hay, from £3 to £6 6s.; straw, £2 10a. to £3 " EASTERN MARKET. The Bupply ol vrgotablos Is getting smaller wookly, the Inclement weather telling on all classeB of garden produce Prices are advancing, but not In pro portion to the aeveiity of the weather. In dalry pro- duce, prices aro receding. Is Od. bolng tbo top prlco for butter to day, and tho bulk being quitted at le 3d. to Is. 4d. ; egga were also lower. Pigs and poultry wero well repreionted. The following were the ruling ratea :-Vegetables.-Artichokes, Id. per lb.; beet, Od. to Od. per dozen bunches; bouquets, 8a. to Gi. per deren; cabbages, Gd. to3s Gd. por dozen; carrots, Gi. per dozen bunchea ; cauliflowers, Is. to 6s. per dozen; celery, Is. to 2s. per dozen bunchea; cress, water, 4d. to 6d. per dozen bunches ; garllo, 2d. per lb ; horseradish, la. to Ss. per dozen bunches : look. Gd. to Od. per dozen bunches ; lettuce 8d. to Od. per dozen ; marjoram, Od. per dozen bunchea; mint, Od. per doztn bunches ; onions, driod, 8a. to 5a. per cwt ; do., green, Od. per dozen buncbes; parsley, 8d. to Is per dozen buncbes ; pinnlps, Gd io la. per dozen bunches ; peas, Sd. per lb ; potatoos, 4a to 4a. Gd. per cwt,; pumpkins, 8d. to Is. each; radishes, 4d. to Od. per dozen bunchea; sago, Gd. per dozen bunchea; savoys. Gd. to la. Gd. per dczen ; shallots, 4d. per lb. ; splnacb, 2d. per lb.; thyme, Gd. per dozon bnncboa ; turnips, fld. to lOd. per dozen bunchea Fruits. oranges, 4d. to Gd, per dozen ; lemons, 61. to 8d. per dozen ; pears. Id. to 6d per lb. Dalry Produce - Butter, la. 2d. to la. Gd. per lb. ; cheese, Od. to 8d per lb ; dueks, 4a. to 6a. per pair; eggs, Is. 2d. to Is. 6d. per dozen j geese, 8s. to lui. per pair ; hens, 8s to la. per pair ; boney. Gi to 8d por ib.; pigeons, la. 61. to 8a. per pair ; pork, Od. to 7d per lb. ; rabbits, 1«. Gd. to 2«. Gd. por pair; sucking pigs, 8s. to 10a. each ; tuikoya, 10a. to 20a. per pair; hams, Is. por lb.; bacon, 8d. to lOd. per lb. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. FORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVAI« AND CLEARANCES SINCE ona LAST SUMMARY. IB., British; A" American; Au., Austrian; Da, Danish; D., Dutch; F., French: Oh,, Chilian; P., PortuEueie; H.. Hamburg; fin., Hanoverian; I., Italian ; N., Norwegian : N. G., North German ; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Belg., Bolgian;Br., Bremen; H., Russian; s., ship; b.,barque; br., brig; BO., schoonor; s.a., stcomor.] July. ARRIVED. 22\. Ettrickdale, B. a., 1,283, Donald M 'Nab, Glasgow. -Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 22\. Onward, B. a., 606, Thomas Stimson, Hong Kong. -Kong Meng and Co. 22 Birchgrove,' B. b., 643, Peter Taylor, Liverpool. Grice, Sumner, and Co. 24\. Somersetshire, B. e.s,, 2 432,3. S. Atwood, London. -W. P. White and Oo. 26\. City ol Agra, B. s., 1,074, Thoa. Young, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Borne. 25\. Catharine Jane, B. b" 887, W. Saul, Bankok. James Paterson. 25\. Woherlno, B. br., 207, J. W. Munday, Humboldt, California - H Selwyn Smith. 20\. Baroda, B.H B.8., 1.874, D. Bennoldson, Galle. F. B. Kmdal). 28\. Shannon, B. a, 1,292, V. P. O. Stacpoole, London. Grice, Sumner, and Oo. Aug. 5\. Wavo ot Lite, B. a., 888. J. Watts, London.-Dal- gety., Blackwood and Co. " ... 6\. Isabella, B. br., 256. J. Webster, Malden Island. Grice, Sumner und Co. . _ 7\. Emile et Marie, F. b., 267, L. La Haye, Zebu. Victoria Sugar Company. D. Bengal, B b., 828, J. F. Hummel!, Batavia. Captain HummtlL_ 10\. Aatracan, B. a, 1,040, N. W. Paige,London.-Geo. Martin and Co. July. CLEARED OCT. 16\. Ben Led), B. a, 1.067, O. Robertson, Calcutta. Holme«, White, and Oo. , 17\. Bangalore tt.M.B.8, 2.0C3, G. O. Burne, Gallo.-F. B. Kendall. 17\. Lady Octavia, B. e., 1,172, D. We'ab, Bombay. Wm. Cioaby and Co. 17\. Madura, B. a, 1,260, F. O. fttorm, Honolulu, via Newcastle.-Anderson and Marshall. 18\. Helena, a. a, 603, B. Snow. Guam, vi-Newcastle. -NeweU and Co 19 Waidole, B a, 1220,W. Baillie, San Francisco, via Newcastle.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Borne. 19\. Orlana, Be., 007, W. Guthrie, Shanghai, vl_ Syd- ney.-W. Crosby and Co. £0- Newcastle. B .., 1.187, O. E. Le P. Trench, London, \- J. H. White and Co. 22\. Turkish Empire B. a., 1,502, James H. Barclay. London, via Portland Bav.- »V. Crosby and Co. 22\. Winchester, B. a., 1.157, O. J. EL Arnold, San Francisco, via Newcastle.-Vlrsoe, Son, and Co. 28\. Janet Court. B a., 906, J. Crawford, London. Macfarlan, Blyth, and o. 2«. Bt. Fetortburg, N. o., 801. T. H. Hansen, Bakor'd Island, via Honolulu -Bury. Leech, and Co. 26\. Otto and Antonio. N. s 1,187, A O. Gondersen, Baker's Island, via Honolulu -Bury, Leech, and' Co. 29\. Bllzabith, B. br., 263, J. Q. R. Quest, Mauritius « -Joshua Brothers. 29\. Boyal Edward, B. n , 1 503, J*hn Shaw, San F«n Cisco.-Turnbull, Smith, and Co. SO. Pekin, A. b, W. Sojmour, Zetu, vlft Newca-.tle. Lorimer, Marwood, and Homo. 81\. Syren, B. se, 167, B. M'Eachern, Batavia - B. do Beer. Aug. 2, Barah, B. br,, 233,0. B. Devlin, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 8\. Birchgrove, B. b" 543 - Hoffman, Maldenliland.' -Grlce, Bumnor, and Oo. 6\. Boothera Belle, B a., 1,128, H. D. Keen, Guam_ George Marlin and Co. 7\. Yorkshire, B. a., 1,200, F. Anderson, London.-W P. "White and Co. 7\. Oltbona, B. s., 1,811, F P. Beld, San Francisco; via Newcastle.-Georgo Marlin and Co. 8\. Onward, B a., 606, T. Btlmson, Hong Kong, via Bydney.-Kong Meng and Oo. 9\. Oolnmbia, A. a,, 991,1. H. Mayhew, Son Francisco, vlft Newcastle.-O. Tondeur and Co. 10\. The Lord Warden, B. a . 1,287, John Smith, Lon- don.-J. H. White and Co SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JULY 16 Ben Ledi, for Calcutta.-225 bsga bran, 60 toni hay: 10 tona chaff, 110 hones. JULY 17. Bangalore, B.M.8.B , for Point do Gallo,-1 package document«, 21 caaes applee, 56 barrols potatoes, 81 crae« jams, 285 bags Hour, 1 packige nowspapors, 1 package bone, 80 cases fruit, 8 cases preservod meats, 116 packages provisions, 7 coses batter, 1 case wine, 8 calka laUow, 1 package feathers 1 packages parcels, 1 packago apparel, 1 package angar samples, 6 boxes raisins, 8 bárrela currante, 1 case pickles, 2 cases choeao, 6 boxes candles, 2 noxes »larch. Lady Octavia, for Bombay.-85 tons bran, 80 tons horse fodder, 170 horse«. Jtrtv 20 Newcastle, for London -1,190 bales wool, 820 bales leather, 805 bales bark, 188 bales pelts, 10 bales basil, 82 bales scroll... 20 balee rabbltskine, 11 bales paper cut- tle gi-, 6 bales kangaroo skins, 1 baloi sheepskins 2 balea glue piceos, 886 casks tallow, 161 casks boef, 13 calka skins, 12 calka black sand, 6 catks 3 bundles metal, 2,686 cases preserved meats. 2 cates marrow, 81 cases beef hams, 8 caeos aloes. 1 caso rabbltaklns, 1,123 bags b-rk, 2,270 cakes copper, 80 blocks antimony, 29 tons shark bones, 1 case hosiery, 1 cue firearms, I casa fun, 1 cue ipoclmenB, 8 ores paper, 2 cases rugs, 2 cacea skim, 6 cases tffec'n, &c; "?- JULY 22. Tuiklsh Empire, for London, via Portland Bay,_ 2,111 bags bark, 616 casks tallow, 2 packages leathor, 1 package ehlns, 1,477 cake» 1 831 ingots copper. JULY 28 Janet Court, tor LondoD.-665 bales wool, 76 pack, ages BklnB. 8 bales basils 993 package« tallow, 109 bales scrolls, 5 920 packngea meats, 8 casks black Band. 03 balea leather, 2 balea glan plocoi, 17,691 horns, 7. tons bones, 2,229 bags 1.187 packages bark, 2 bales flax, 109 balee rags, 183 hide* T JULY 29 Bllpsbelb, for Mauritius -189 tierces beef. 48 barrels salmon, 1 caaes barco», S boxea containing 10,909 sovereigns, 28 horses. JULY 81. Byron, for Batavia-58 caso: wines, 10 casca pre- served meeta, 4 cases oiifsklna, 11 baloa leather, 06 caakB manure, 33 cosoa biscuit», 1 case butter and cheese. Aro .2 Sarah, for Mauritius-2 caaes harness, 270 tong boneduat, and 2 boxes containing 10,000 sovereigns. Arro 8. Birchgrove, for Maldon Island.-3 caski provisions, 1 hhds. moluses. ATJO 7. Yorkshire, for Londoa-8 cases Jewellery swocplogs, 813 Ingots tin, 86 bags 21 casks black Band, 9 cask« lard, 163 bales leathor and «crolls, 659 bag« antimony oro. l8 balee 16 ca>ka 8 packages skins, 7 cases wine, 31 calka tallow oU. 188 bale« pelta, 16 bales glue pieco», 22 kegs suet, 2 cises rnutlc 9 boxes bismuth, 717 bales wool, 1,216 ingola 1,042 cakea copter, 1181 bales bark, 8.071 cotes preserved meats, 23 plpea 219 casks ta'iow, 77 bales basils, 1 packages »undrics Aro. 8. Onward, for Hong Kong.- 8 packages containing 35} sovereigns. Auo 10. The Lord Warden, for London.-120 balea wool. 388 balea leather, 344 bales 1,810 bags bark, 23 bales sheep skins, 17 bales rabbit skins, 8 b%los kangaroo skins. IS bales basils, 6 bales pelts, 10 hales cloth clippings, 1,036 casen preservod menta 800 casks tallow, 300 casks treacle, 87 casks bett, 27 casks kangaroo skins, 25 cuke metal, 8 cai-ka 63 bags antimony, 2,052 cakes copper, 29 casca milk, 1 case rabbit skins, 1 cue effects, 8 coses sample*. 2 cases wine, 17 iona shank bones, l8 toni hoofs, 8,650 horni. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE. PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. JULY 17. Bangalore, R.H.S.S., for Galle via King George's Bound. Paesengen - cabin : For King George's Sound.-Lieutenant and Mrs. Archdeacon, two children. For Gallo.-Mr. Delmego. For Bom- bay.-Mr. Moody and Infant, Mr. Kearneo, Mr. Blythwoy, Mr. and Mrs Lewis and native hoy, Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Misa May, Miss Nelson, Messrs. Anderson, Leonard, Mansorgb, James, Dorwyn, Jackes, one musician, one mechanic Jj'or Hong Kong.-Deo Cheong Seng. For Brindis!. Signor BorlflnoBlvolta, Mr. A. Dorner, Bev. J. tío!an. For Southampton.-Mr. B. Houston, Mr. J. R Thomp- son, Mr. Cooper, Mn. E. J. Murphy, daughter, and two children ; Miss Knight. For Suez.-Mr. J. Dickson. JULY 20. Newcastle, for London. P-ssongow-saloon: Mr. and Mrs, Richard J. Fullwood, Mre.O. E Lo Poer Trench and servant. Dr. G Molloy and lady, Mrs. Frodk. Boca and child, Mn. Freds.YV. Armytage and servant, Mrs, Massy, Mr. John W. Morgan, Mr, Charles A. Galop, Mr. Joseph F. Hosken, Mr. Thomas W. Glad« stono, Mr. John G. Mickle, Mr. B. Castella. Mr. The maa H. Koje, Mr. John Clementer; and 31 In the .tween-r'ecks. J>uo 7. Yorkshire, for London. Passengore-cabin : Bev. George and Mrs, Pollard, Miss L. Goodman, MR. Anderion, Misa Hodgson, Misa Edith Hodgson, Misa Et - Pollard, Messrs Charles Stuckey, D. Kelly, Everett, H. T. Bruce ; and 53 In the second and third cabins. ADO. 10. The Lord Warden, for London. Pa'sengors-Baloon : Mrs. livesey and child, Mr. Walter Tarrant, Mr. Alfred Watson, Mr. Louis Frendenthal, Dr. A. F. Greenhill ; and 27 In the 'tween docks. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. The following are the ahipa taking gold whioh havo sailed from this pon alnco tho publication ot ' our last Summary, together with too quantities and destinations : Date of Bailing. Ship. Destination. Ounces.' July 17. Aug 8.. Bangalore.. Onward .. Galle .. Hong Kong 84,125 178 The total amount of gold exported from the colony since the beginning of the year Is 818 611oz. ol which 80.668OZ. wero transhipped from New Zea- land. During the oorretpondlng.porlod of theprevloua year the entire quantity exported was 1,131,80201., and ot this total 100,719o_. were from New Zealand. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. MONDAY, AUGUST 12. 60000 80300 185400 15SS00 100000 21700 20000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 por cent l18. 1182 Viet Government (local), 6 per cent. lOsj Melbourno Corporation, 6 per cent. 110 li* Ballarat Wator, 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, 0J percent, .. Collingwood Gas, 6 per cont, - Melbourno Gas, 7 per cent... Melb. & H. B. United, 8 por cent. Do., 7 per cent. Do., 6 per cent. Do,, 6 per cent. Bendigo Waterworks, 6 percent. ~ Nelson (N.Z.) Gov.. 8 per cent. £ 66090 187500 220000 600000 lOOOOOO 600000 600000 80000 DE-BKTUKES. Closing Prices, 101102&. 106102 Frailo CourAHHS. Last dlv. percent. por annum. "I f Victoria (Mel.rog, 11990 76000 2080 10 21130 6 210000 | I 125000', 6 25000, 6 lOOOCT 6 16260 - 100000 6 10000 60 100000\. 60 17876 10 87600 IO 88460 - 12333 50 12000 1 7000j 20 631700 60 £ BAKES. 6 Bal. Bonkg. (limit) li Do., new issue .. 0} Colonial of Austral. l.Commorclal of Aus | tralla (limited) .. 2 Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (limited).. 1 National of Austral. 20Now South Wolca.. Ï» Do. (London reg. 2]Land Mortgage DAB OOHTAKIES, 7 Ballarat 6 Bendigo 6,Castlcmaino 6CoUingw*d&Fit;_rov 0 Daylesford (Umlted) IGcelong 5Í {- Melbourne io! J mgrjRAHCB. 2j'AustraL Fire & Mar, i I Australasian Life .. 1 Australian Alliance. i National Fire Insur. lBouthern Insurance lVlotoria Life & Gen. 25 Victoria Fire & Mar, ÜIBCT.LLANEOÜ8. (rGippsLnd. StcamN. 7i'Maritime & General CreditCo. (Limit.) Melb.Meat-Presrvg. . MclbounioExch'nge 1 Studley Park Bridge 0 Closing Prices. Victorian leo HAH.WAYI, Melb UIob.Bay Ud. 10 12» 10 8 12, 10 6 & 7 71 7.8 4¡5 6181 12 16-47 21 101-11 _î 8.-01 61 el 5".-6l^ 17s- , 881\. .*» 8Ï1.-81«: 1819.-168. 3 31 30-31 121 Printed and published by Hoon OWROE, »t TIM ARÓOS Office, ColllEs-otroet, Melbourne, io» »TI»«" and MACsnraon, propriété«. 