THE ANTIQUITY OF THE OCEANIC 1 ??'?; RACES. (From Hit Tacific Commei-cial Advertiser.) It has l»en asked — what aseyour evidences of the antiquity pf man on tho Hawaiian' Islands ? I will answer. # The first discovery of .any evidences of man's antiquity in these Islands was urtheyear 1822, during the first successful effort in digsrine n , well at Honolulu.' This was made by Joseph ! Navarro, in his yard near the Bethel, The well was dug through eight or ten feet of loam and yolcanic sand to the coral bed and about the same distance through the coral. About tho middle of the coral strata, a human thigh bone was found embedded in a compact mass of coral, and lower down in one of the cavities a. human skull was found ' in good order and preservation, but darker than a new skulL It evidently had some strength in it, as it was ; kicked about by the boys,' is the language of Mr. James Hunnewell, who communicated the information to the Hawaiian Club Papers. In the second well, dug about the same year 1822, on the W. H. Davis or Brewer premises, on Port-street, '?' the substrata proved to be the same as in the former ease, and the coral was full of cavities, from which were taken a num ber of bones of a man's hand or foot. None of the cavities of the coral communicated with 'the surface.' And it must be borne in mind that the coral was covered with several feet of successive strata of volcanic sand, marking probably several ages of eruption. In 1867, J. G. Osborn, Esq., tbe architect, in excavating a well at the brick yard at Mana |mana,; adjoining Honolulu, after passing through the loam and various layers of black volcanic sand and lava' which marked the past ages of eruption of Pnowaina, discovered a human skull several feet below the surface. The ancient Hawaiian, to whom it belonged, had probably been fishing on the reef, long ages ago, on the) first eruption of Punchbowl, tuiu mcjluic uciuuiaucuui ttuu jruuiptru were whelmed beneath the lava of 'Vesuvius. Several years since a human tooth was found embedded in a compact mass of lava neav the pah*. The man to whom it pertained had lived previous to the great convulsions that fonned that gorge and precipice, and the fused lava haS been moulded round the tooth by Pele, who no doubt proved rather a rough dentist. On the elevated plain lying between Bwa and Waialua, many remnants of man have been discovered several feet below the present level of the soil, and in the remains of 6hells and debris, as well aa various evidences of man, similar to the kjoeekken moedding (kitchen leavings), on the Danish shores. The Hawaiian shell mounds show greater antiquity, for they are, deeply covered by alluvial deposits. ' . These evidences point to a remote period yrhen man was an inhabitant of Oahu. The last appearance of Pele on any of the Islands of the group, except Hawaii, yas at Halwtkaln, on Maui, according to tradition in times long past. There is no tradition of the eruption of Punchbowl among the Hawaiian people. From every indication it has been long ages extinct. An alluvial soil, consisting of loam and vegetable mould several feet thick, hae been formed over the last eruptive strata. ? The different volcanic Btrata mark several eruptive periods, not following each other -in rapid succession, but after long intervals of rest. These eruptions were; on and above the coral beds, and the remains of man had been deposited on the coral at a time when that formation had not attained by more than four feet its elevation, when the first volcanic wave from Punchbowl' has not been perceptibly elevated in fifty years. How long would it require to forni four feet thick over the human1 skeletons found in the wells to which I have alluded ? How many ages wae the earliest volcano of Punchbowl pouring its fiery waves over the coral, before even-the tradition of its eruption was lost ? The Pali — the highest range of central mountains have been former!, since man lived and walked on O.aliu. Tire skull found in the well of llanamana was full of life and thought before the volcano's birth '. Can Java or Sumatra show an antiquity for man higher than this ? Aud do not these facts lead to an irresistible argument against tue peopling of these islands by the Malays r1 The problem of this high antiquity can only be solved by the hypothesis of the ancient- sub merged continent — the Occanica of the past. But if there wero any of the inhabitants of the ancient submerged continent left, would not their descendants preserve some tradition of such a prand catastrophe ? I will proceed to answer. Earth's physical history is written in un mistakable characters and unerring marks upon her surface. The numerous changes in dicating great geological periods, as well as the minutiaj of the varied past forms of organic life are portrayed in a language all can understand. Reason is the great teacher by which we can read the secrets of the past. There is no geological evidence of a univer sal deluge since tue aaveni oi man upon me earth; nor has such an event been possible since the carboniferous era, which extended through immense ages of rainfalls. After the mighty changes effected by aqueous action daring earth's great pluvial period, the shaping of the earth's surface, the formation ot seas and oceans, the drying and purifying of the atmosphere and the adaptation of the primeval dry land, climate, heat and moisture to the production of organic life, there could not have been such a catastrophe as _ a universal pluvial deluge. We have many dim glimpses of riparian deluges in Greece and in the valleys of the Euphrates and Tigris, in Mesapotamia, in that traditionary period, im mediately preceding man's historical period. Even since the historical period, the earth's atmosphere in ancient times contained more moisture, there was greater condensation and consequently riparian floods were more frequent than at present. Whence theu, originates the almost general tradition of a universal deluge i In the subsidence and submergence of earth's continents and islands, since man has been an inhabitant of our planet, and the unmistakable : marts or aqueous action in every portion oi the eavth, not of recent volcanic origin. The ; memory of such an event as a general or partial j submergence aniong^a pre-historic and un- j lettered people could only be preserved by oral , tradition, and in the long course of ages, would assume a variety of forms, but all com- , memorating a great aqueous catastrophe. The | people of the mountain summits or islands. ? left by the subsidence of the continent of Oceanica, have all preserved a memory of this j catastrophe, by traditions somewhat varied in J their details. I will specify the most pro- ; lninent. ' The Kaikahinalii, the deluge of the Haw- i aiians, when the traditions relating thereto are critically examined, evidently refer to a catastrophe, not caused by a deluge of rain, but a great convulsion by which the sub mergence of all the land except the islands occurred. The traditions which refer extra nrdinarv works to Hina and the sons of Hina, an have no other reference than to a cata clysm of the character indicated. Was it not a mythical allusion to some Budden con vulsion succeeded by others less dis astrous in their consequences ? The :tiii;ient Hawaiiaus were a highly poetical people. Their ancient inehs far exceed any productions of the kind from farther west among * the Malays, Javans, or tho islauJts of the Indian Archipelago. The epic of Kawclo is a sui^e rior production to anything produced in Java, even under Hindoo civilisation. The deluge of Eaiakaliinahi, according- to a com-, parison/if all the ancient traditions which] have been collected and preserved, relates to i the sinking' of a. continent, whose mountain tops arc still visible in (1 aumerouB islands of Polynesia, whether the ?? ? .es of ancient volca noes, or surrounded by eural reefs, as in the case of the low islands. ThiB conclusion is borne out by the tradi- ; tidnBof all the other , islands of the Oceanic race. 'ThV Tahitian story is that Taaioa (the Kaueloa of Hawaii) being angry -with^ men on account of their disobedience, over turned the world into the sea, excepting a few projecting points or awrus, which consti- ' tuted the present cluster of islands.' This tradition in connection with tbeiv claim to be autocthons, as do the Hawaiians, goes to die prove the fact that they were immigrants from : any other land. i The 'tradition among the inhabitants of1 Eiineo IB thatafter the flood (similar to that of tne -lanitians) a man landed from a canoe near ; Tiataepua, in their island, and built an altar, or morai, in honour of his god' The tradition in the Leeward Islands is much the same with- that, of JBaiatea. Soon after the peopling of the world by the descendants j of Taata, Buahatu, the Neptune of the South : 8ea Islands, :was reposing in his coralline groves j in the depths of the ocean. A fisherman regard- j less of the tabu or the sacredness of the place, j lowered his hooks which became entangled with the hair of the sleeping god. For a long time he strove in vain to draw them up again, and at last the god. roused from his Blumbers, appeared at the surface, upbraided him for his impiety, and declared that his land should be destroyed for the sin. The affrighted fisher man implored f orgiveness,.and Euahata, moved by his prayers, directed him to proceed with his wife and child to a small island called Toa marama, which is situated within the reefs on the eastern side of Baiatea, where he might find a safe refuge. The man obeyed and took ??»?*?» ?-»*.»»» w uuv ^iiavu tbtty/w-m.\njTJL uuu *j*jj.j _jjm.u wife and child, but a friend also, a dog, a pig and a pair of fowls. They reached the refuge before the close of tbe day, when the waters began to rise, drove the inhabitants of the shores from their dwellings, and gradually increased till in the morning, only the tops of the mountains appeared. The fisherman and his family became the progenitors of the pre sent inhabitants. The natives of Tonga-Tabu and the Tongan group, are not autocthons, but immigrants, according to their traditions from the north east — from one of the three great Oceanic groups Samoa, Hawaii or Tahiti. This fact makes their tradition of the sinking of the earth or aa they term it the rising of the waters so as to submerge all save the mountain tops the more remarkable. The place doubtless whence they originated, and the fancy painted diyine region-1 of these -natives of the ocean, is a beautiful island situated far to the northeast ward of their own land, ever blooming witli the most beautiful Sowers, which fill the air with fragrant 'and delicious odors and bear the richest and most delicious fruits. When these ave plucked, the same immortal plants bring forth others to replace them. Birds of the most splendid plumage fill the groves or tlie enchanted land. There is also abundance of all animals and birds for tbe tables of the akuas and ' demigods, and when any of these are killed, another immediately couies into existence to supply its place. This is the Island of Bolotu, or Bulutu. It is north-east of Samoa, and there fore must either refer . to Hawaii 'or Tahiti. They say it is too distant for a canoe to undertake to reach it. Their traditions also point to the elevation of the Tongan group from the sea. They hold that it was fished up by their god Tangavoa (Kaneloa) although Ca.pt. Wilkes in his narrative asserts that they were fished up by Maui. In Samoa we find the same tradition of a flood, or rising of the waters of the ocean. Many of their traditions sire similar to the Tongans, including a belief in the happy Island of Bolotu. The Maoris of New Zealand, who according to their own traditions, were originally from Hawaii, have the same story of the vising of the waters. Further west, on the confines of Oceauica, in the Marian or Ladrone Islands, we have the same traditions as it regards a deluge. This is true of all the smaller groups and scattered islands of Oceanica. Their unity of race and this universal belief, certainly constitute a stiwc probability that some great catastrophe of that, character occurred in the remote ages of the past, And are we not warranted inthe belief th;vt it is the memory of the Bink ing of the great Oceanic continent pre served by the descendants of the remnants of its ancient inhabitants P But I must pause. The queries I had to answer, have led me to defer until another number the matter I had intend for this. . La Paz. 