%6 be to interfere 'by force of arms, hei'moral ; power may become of immense importance ' ia the counsels of nations if her diplomatists follow a straightforward and honest policy J; . and if the nation at large, throngh its tepre acntatiyes, shows itself jealous to observe it«t obligations as well as to maintain itsinde pendence. Let England be known as a l x country well prepared to strike down, aggres aion, and yet never demanding anything trot , what is fair and just for itself, and it will be long before her position' as a leading power in Europe is called in question by rarrbuncling „ nations; '__-Mhlll__-1B ? , * .r. ?'..? .1 -?' .-?? ... ?? ..?????? - ? The Quest's Accession.— Even had there teen preparations for many outdoor engage ments on Thursday, the weather of the early part of the day would have militated against success; hut as it happened, the anniversary of Her Majesty's Recession to the British Throne was more a home holiday than a public one. The Government institutions in the city, with the Banks and moat of the wholesale and retail houses, were shut, some bunting was displayed, the foundation-stone of an Oddfellows' Hall was laid, and sunday-9chool|examinations took place. When/the weather cleared and the sun shone out, a little promenading went on. At the Port the Banks, Telegraph Office, and nearly all- the retail establishments were closed on Thursday; but the Custom-House being open, the shipping business went on much as usual, and prevented ? those interested in it from availing themselves cf a holiday. There were not many pleasure : seekers about, hut a few lovers of angling were amply rewarded by some capital sport amongst the Tommy Roughs, and several yachts and other small craft were out for a sail or row on : the river. -1 ?? _?' .? _ ! ;-i; . :_ . . '??''' ? \ ' This Evening's Concert.— The Carandmi Company of vocalists, are to reappear tm*3 evening iti White's Room after au .absence of more wan three years and a half. They are accompanied on this occasion by' Mr. Henry Gordon. ^ ? '' ' ' ' ' Entertainmeht for the Port.— An adver tisement announces that Miss Rosa Cooper and ' Mr. LionelHardingwill give their entertainment, entitled 'Matrimony,'' at the Port , Adelaide Town Hall to-night and on Saturday. ? ;' Barlow's. Entertainment.— On Thursday evening there was a fair attendance at Barlow's entertainment, the stalls and pit being; well fiiled. As usual the various performances kept the house in a ? continual state of laughter. A change of programme U announced for this evening. .'. / ' ? .' : Pirie-stbeet Wesley. AK Church^A sale of gifts, in aid of the Circuit Fund, will' be. held in the schoolroom this afternoon. - ELOCUTION.— It is notified that the pupils of Mr. A. So'mmers will give an entertainment this ?evening. Bahquet by the Mayor op Adelaide.— On the evening of Accession- Day the Mayor of Adelaide {Mr. A. H. F. Bartels, J.P.), entertained at dinner in the Town Hall the members of the present and past Councils of the City of Ade laide. Between 70 and 80 gentlemen sat down toanadmirably-servedropast. His Worship occu pied the chair, and was supported by Messrs. H. R. Fuller, W. Townsend, T. English, J. M. Solomon, E. W. Wright, and E. B. W; Glandfield, ex- Mayors of. Adelaide. The list of toasts was short, and the speeches in introducing them very much to the point. . ' The Health of His 'Worship' was received with immense applause, and responded to in terse and appropriate terms. 'The Councillors,' 'Officers of the Corporation,' and. 'Prosperity to the City;' were also suitably honoured. The idea of this bringing together gentlemen who have taken a prominent part in the management of Municipal matters was a happy one, and it was well earned out. A very pleasant evening was passed, and the company dispersed before midnight. Northern Territory Land-Ordbrs.— The Gazette calls attention to the fact that the date at which applications will be received from the holders of unexercised laud-orders for an in creased area of land in the Northern Territory closes on July 1. .'..?' The. Hamley Mine.— That portion of the Hamley Company's property formerly known as the Karkarilla is about to be worked. The engine is being repaired preparatory to forking the water in the shaft. Pistol Accident.— On June 12 Mr. Joseph Thyer, son of Mr. James Thyer, sheepfarmer, of Wabricoola, attempted to discharge a pistol, but it hung fire, and as he was taking off the cap, with his left hand on the muzzle of the weapon, it went off, and blew away the middle finger. He had a black boy with him, who rode 15 miles to Messrs. Pont & Sons' statfon, the nearest place, for assistance. When Mr. Pont arrived to help, the sufferer was insen sible from the loss of blood, as he had been bleeding, freely for several hours. The accident occurred about 70 miles from Wabricoola. ? A Dark Story.— Some prophet or prophetess caused a commotion among the more ignorant portion of the Port Augusta population by fore telling that June 17, 18, and 19 were to be days of total darkness. . , River District Mails.— Magistrates, sheep* farmers, . and traders around Wilcannia have signed a memorial to the Postmaster-General of New South Wales, asking that the weekly mail from South Australia for the settlers on the Darling may not be delayed, at Wentworth, pending the arrival at that town of the letter bags from Sydney. ! ! ; Powder Explosion'.— At Glenburn, on June 13, Enoch Shirwin, aged nine years, waa left with other children at home while their mother went out. During her absence the boy took a tin of powder out of a box, throwing a little of the contents into the fire to make a blaze. The flames, however, caught what was in the flask whpe the lad held it, and an explosion occurred. This shattered the little fellow's hand, also burning his face and hair. Mrs. Shirwin was returning when she heard the report, which was so loud as to be noticed by many neighbours, who hastened to the spot. Dr. Parkins soon attended, and did all he could for the sufferer. He has recommended the mother to take the child into the Adelaide Hospital. The JaA's father is at the Prince Alfred Mine. jEFPCOTT-srREET School.— The yearly dis tribution of awards to Mr. G. W. Moore's pupils took place on Wednesday, when a satisfactory examination was held. In arithmetic the second class added with surprising rapidity, whilst several scholars in the first class had advanced as far as cube and square root. The reading was with feeling, the spelling goed, and in geography great progress had been made. Relardbd.— During the passage down the Port river ef tho s.s. Aldinira the Immigration Officer was proceeding with his inspection of the muster roll when he found a person named John O'Brien without a passage ticket, and what was of more importance he was minus the requisite cash to pay the fare. Captain McLean /Nfmemberedthe introduction to Artemus Ward, 'so although Mr. O'Brien could pay without going, the captain objected to his going without paying. On reaching the Semaphore the defaulter was passed into the shore boat and landed at the Jetty, having had a pleasant afternoon's cruise without the inconvenience of ts costing him anything. Port Railway Station. —The authorities have, as desired, removed the refreshment-room, at the Port Station to its former position, which was more eligible than the one lately occupied. Darlihg Copper,— At a recent meeting of shareholders in the Alice Edith Copper Mine, held at Wilcannia, an ?ffer from a Melbourne firm of £12,000 to float a Company waa refused. A proposal from a local firm was read, and referred back for further particulars. Mr. E. Quin was i then appointed Hon. Secretary* and Mr. J. P. Tnpp Auditor. New ground has been taken up adjoining the Nalta Mine. A parcel of 20 tons of ore from the Wilcanuia and the Alice Edith Mines lies at Tripp's Wharf ready for shipment when the river rises. Pastoral Item.— In the Darling District rain has been plentiful, and will do great Rood. Accounts from the Paroo state that heavy showers have been abundant. The lambing u reported as being highly favourable. TREATY GUARANTEES. 'Silly nights' in the House of Commons, as a sarcastic, paper. ; has irreverently christened them, are apparently on the : decrease. This session thev have been I happening just often enough to keep \- their memory green ; in the minds of their promoters. The mail last to hand records very, few abstract discussions, and but one which comes np to the old standard of impracticability. Sir Wilfred Lawson has i been in a dilemma of late with his surplus : energy and his eccentric convictions. He is ?shut out from his peculiar sphere of the Per missive Bill question through the interposi tion of more moderate reformers, who in their | turn will have to relinquish the field to Mr. , Bruce. Sir Wilfred has had perforce to take ? up with another hobby. Joining heads with 'the retrenching Mr. Rylands.he has come =out in foreign politics as an AntiPal merstonian. His present forte is a lamenta tion over the milliong which Lord Pal me'rston's diplomatic ambition cost the ^country. ,He demands that every trace and jrelic of his fruitless extravagance be swept away, and that future Foreign Ministers be disabled from following in his footsteps. . To this end he submitted on a private night a resolution praying Her Majesty on the part of the Honse that she would be graciously pleased ' to withdraw from all treaties bind jing *ihis country to interfere by force of arms in the affairs of other nations.' ? The complaint of the non*interrention party', was, not . solely financial It had, a germ of reason in it apart from the objection to military expenditure involved in being able, as Lord Hartbgton had boasted, 'to strike a blow in any part of the world.' It 'was with a wry face that Sir Wilfred spoke of the reorganised army as being the largest ever maintained in a time of peace. But that was not the head and front of the offending. The treaty guarantees which im posed these military burdens on the people had grown out of a system essentially un sound, and the maintenance of which would be a Sisyphcean task. , Perhaps the Non interventionists interpreted Lord Palmer ston's policy rightly when they said its prin ciple had been to preserve all the «n-iy States from absorption by larger ones. For that reason he had committed England to the defence of Belgium, of Greece, of Den mark, and even of Saxony. Not one of these results, as they at present stood, seemed to Sir Wilfred to be worth the money they had cost or the future liability they entailed. Belgium owed its inter national importance to a mot of the First Napoleon, that Antwerp in the hands of France would be a pistol at the head of England. Lord Palmerston had believed in the pistol, and had framed one treaty to prevent its getting into dangerous hands. Lord Granville had revived the tame fear a generation later, and while France and Germany were in the throes of war he had extracted from them stricter guarantees than those of 1839 for the neutrality of Belgium. Sir Wilfred Lawson can observe no advan tage from that precaution except that it necessitates a large increase of the military power of England. The supplementary treaty, which was limited to a year after the war, expired on what the Premier said night be considered^an appropriate day—the st of *ApxiL C But this only brings ' the jeace-party to Lord Palmerston's ? original irranc;ements of 1839, and they ask -laintively if there can* be no emancipation rom that. , Mr. Rylands. argues on a juantitative guage of humanity that there ire thirty-two million Englishmen in the scale against four millions of Belgians.- He wonders how any foreign Minister can hesitate to be guided by the Benthamite principle ot the greatest happiness to the greatest number. Mr. Rylands is an older non- interventionisfc than the leader of Permissive Bill legislation. He is a Baillie Cochrane on a reduced scale mcl when foreign treaties are in question h$ »n begin from the bottom. Like all who have been touched with the virus of the Urquhart Russophobia he has the shreds of the Treaty of Vienna always ready to bring orward.f His argument against them is jogent. The framers of the treaty have themselves destroyecj it wherever it dicj. not suit them. Let England say that what they have left of it does not Buit hen &11 our good and faithful allies in Lord bastlereagh's time— Russia, Prussia, and A.ustria- fha*/e served their turns at tho jxpense of the Vienna Conference. . France has been.allowed to break through it whole sale, and the renovated Germany has planted i giant's foot upon its ruins. Other achieve* ments of the Castlereagh policy, as developed and perfected by Lord Palmerston, were mischievous through their uncertainty. Occult diplomacy had triumphed in, the creation- of the Danish Treaty of ? 1852, which but for a happy hesitation on the part of Napoleon the Third might have, exposed England and France to the com bined force of Prussia and Austria at the last and final settlement of the Elbe Duchies; Mr. Rylands is a root-and-branch opponent; of the diplomatic art. He disputes equally its cosmopolitan principles and its super human pretensions. The idea of a universal moral police is ridiculous to him. ,. v Thq Palmerstonian axiom that England oan afford to brave consequences he thinks would have to be abandoned now by its very author. The policy of dry nursing* small states is to him a great deal less of a duty than of a blunder. What, he asks/ ii Greece— once the most promising of baby nations— but a disgrace to the civilization of the nineteenth century? In an unguarded moment of confidence Lord Palmerston wrote to Lord Granville when Ambassador at Paris that 'few public men here follow up foreign affairs so as to foresee the consequences of eventawhichhavenothappened.'Mr.Rylands appreciates more the modesty of those who did not try than the success of those who found themselves bo frequently out of their reckoning. He adheres to the self- denying confession that England is not omnipotent^ and that English rulers are by no means omniscient. Both delusions he would strike at by cutting adrift as rapidly as possible) from treaty guarantees. There was a qualified and a direct opposit ion offered to the motion. Mr. AytoW propounded a middle course, by which thd treaties could be practically stultified without putting Lord Granville to the trouble of asking a release from them. The House of Commons had only to resolve that no treaty obligation to which Parliament had not formally ; assented should be considered binding if its execution required money either for making war or for increasing the ? national armaments. That was an ingenious twist to give to the acknowledged principles' ef the British constitution, but it savoured too much of sacrificing the honour of the' Executive to a sudden fit of eoonomy, . and the Premier solved the difficulty in a more* satisfactory way. Honourable gentlemen who supported the motion had misconceived the practical significance of guarantees, and also Lord Palmerston's opinion of them. It had -been' a maxim with bin* that 'while a guarantee gave a* right of interference, it did not constitute an obligation to 'interfere.' There had' been stringent guarantees coiu. tracted which i did not come under that elastic 'definition, but they were compara tively rare. ? The one which had been undertaken two years ago on behalf of Belgium^ wis stringent, 'There had been another inserted in the treaty of 1856) which definitely pledged the contracting powers to take up arms in certain eventualities. But the*inajority of guarantees stood on a much lower level. Their practical effect did not depend on the cirewnstances in which they had originated or even on their terms so* much as on the cases to which they had to be applied, Mr. Gladstone is rarely epigram matic, but he settled the noninterventionist with a happily-turned phrase. ' Guaran tees,' he said, ' must take their recognition and fulfilment from the spirit of the time.'* They can lead to action only in sitnationsp where from the temper of the nation and the nature of the interests at stake actioa would have been almost inevitable without ; them. Such a resolution as was proposed would not be emancipative even if could be carried into effect without misunderstand ings with foreign powers. It would only substitute a negative for a positive liability,, while, when the spirit of the nation* was roused, abstract resolutions wouldl weigh as little on its conduct as optional guarantees. Sir Wilfred Lawsorfc had only one-and-twenty supporters of his views, and there can be no question that tho-, nation at large will endorse Mr. Gladstone's;*' statesmanlike vew of the question, To re pudiate obligations already incurred solely on the ground th»t it might prove very , expensive to carry them out, would be. appropropriate enough as a first step in with drawing from the taking of any part in . continental politics; for it would at once lower England in the estimation of the tforld to the inferior position to which a hard and fast observation of the non intervention theory would eventually degrade her. But there can be no question that, loth as she may openly avow herself 