PARLIAMENT OF TASMANIA, LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. ... WEDNESDAY, 7TH AUGUST, 1872. The PRESIDENT took his seat at 420 p.m. PRESENT The hons, the Colonial Secretary, the .r. hons. Messrs. Kennerley, Whyte, and Crowther. There, not being a quorum of seven members present at 430 the PRESIDENT, in accordance with the standing orders announced the adjournment of the House till next day (Thursday), at 4 pm. The House adjourned accordingly. ! HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, 7TH AUGUST, 1872. The. SPEAKER took the chair at 4 o'clock. CALL OF THE HOUSE. In accordance with the resolution agreed to at the last sittings there was a call of the House. The only members absent were Messrs. Keach and Moore. The MINISTER OF LANDS said he had been requested to apologise for the absence of Mr. Keach, who was unable to attend on account of a! indisposition. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he had I received a communication from Mr. Moore saying that he was detained in the north by floods, but that he hoped to be in his place in the House. This ! letter was dated August 3rd. ! 1 , i PAPERS. The COLONIAL TREASURER laid upon the table of the House some further correspondence with regard to the Launceston and Western Railway, and moved that it should be printed. Mr. GREGSON made some remark which was < inaudible in the reporters' gallery. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. MEREDITH to move an address to the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause to be laid upon the table of this House any petitions he has received from members of the Spring Bay municipality, residing to the south of Prosser's River, praying to be attached to the municipality of Sorell. (Thursday.) ' ' Mr. WHITEHEAD to move that Mr. White head's letter to the Board of Education, dated 12th . July, relative to the public school at Lymington be laid on the table of this House. 7 (Thursday.) Mr. WHITEHEAD to move that contingent on one-third of the rent for a school house and teacher's residence being guaranteed to the Board of Education, the Board shall be instructed to rent the school house and teacher's residence lately occupied by them, or any other suitable building at Lyming- ton, and appoint a teacher to such school. (Thursday.) THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. The COLONIAL TREASURER said Sir, there is a notice of motion standing in my name which I wish to take precedence of the Orders of the Day. It is to this effect" That the resolution passed by this House on the 19th of July, namely, that His Excellency's responsible advisers having no fixed financial policy, do not possess the confidence of this HOUBO,' be read and rescinded." Now, Sir, in submitting this for the consideration of the House, it is necessary that I should, as briefly as possible, make a clear and distinct statement of the proceedings since the 19th of July, when this House ' one member being absent passed this resolution : " That His Excellency's advisers having no fixed financial policy, do not possess the confidence of the House. I think that the position in which this House and His Excellency are placed is almost without precedent. We know, Sir, that we look to the old country the British House of Commons for precedents and guides-and it is right that we should look there in order to see the manner in which we should conduct Parliamentary and responsible government. After searching all the records I could, I find no precedent of a similar position of affairs. (Mr. Gregson : Hear, hear.) But, Sir, we find this-during a session of Parliament a Ministry in the enjoyment of the confidence of the House and the country may propose measures of the utmost importance. If they find that they are unable to carry these measures, we find that hon.' members occupying the' Opposition benches will move a resolution to the effect that the Ministry, does not possess the confidence of the House. So far as I have read the records of responsible government in the old country, there is no record of any i precedent where the member who moved that a Ministry did not possess the confidence of the House was no; prepared at once to form an administration to take charge of the business of the Parliament and the country. I was one of those who recently urged upon the legislature, to which I have had the honour to be returned i for, twenty years, that the colony should enjoy' , responsible and parlements by government, and a ministry should not continue in occupation of these benches unless they enjoy the confidence of this House. Since I urged this I have sat upon these benches and have discharged the duties imposed upon me to the best of my ability, and I hope with the confidence of the country at large. In moving that this House should go into Committee of Ways and Means, in order to proceed with the business of the country, on July 19th, I was met with a pro- position to the effect that the ministry did not enjoy the confidence of the House. It emanated from hon, member for Fingal, one of the junior members of this House, and its effect was that the government did not possess the confidence of the House, as they had no fixed financial policy. Upon the notice paper of that date were measures of the utmost importance, namely, bills to provide for the appropriation of the public funds to meet the engagements of the country for the last half year of 1872 there was also other important business the measure to give effect to the resolutions of this House in connection with the Launceston and Western Railway, to take the line from the custody of the directors. We had to make the necessary financial arrangements to meet this resolution, and there were also other financial measures essentially in cent which must he considered and dealt with if this House wants to sustain the credit of the country, here, in the adjacent colonies, and in Great Britain. I am most anxious that these arrangements should be completed, and in order that the out-going mail might carry to our friends in England the news, that whatever our party differences may be, we are determined to sustain the credit of the country. But Sir, on the resolution of hon, member for Fingal it was carried that the present Ministry did not possess the confidence of the House This was on the night of July the 19th, or perhaps, more properly speaking, the morning of July the 20th Upon the Monday morning following the Friday upon which this resolution was carried, my hon. friend and colleague, the Colonial Secretary, tendered to His Excellency the resignations of the members of the Ministry. I gather from the information placed before me, that on the Monday His Excellency placed himself in communication with the gentleman recommended to him, this hon. member being a gentleman of long political export-' trade, and by his age and ability, recognised by this House as one well qualified to undertake the task of forming on administration. He undertook the task but was compelled afterwards to announce his inability to carry it out A little later in the day, at about 4 o'clock, I believe, His Excellency was recommended to place himself in communication with a gentleman, moderate in his political opinions, and who enjoys the confidence of a large number of members of this House. I allude to the hon. member for Selby, who declined to accept the responsibility of the task. His Excellency the Governor then placed himself in communication with Mr. Gellibrand, hon. member for Fingal. This gentleman, I am advised, at once communicated with a gentleman holding a high position in the other branch of the Legislature, requested him to undertake the position of finance minister, and this gentleman intimated to His Excellency that he was unable to form an administration. I now come, I think, to 1'Iiiirailay afternoon. I then find from His Excellency's memoundmn, that without the advice of the Premier he placed himself in communication with an hon. member of the other branch of the Legislature. This hon. gentleman asked to be allowed until the following day to enable him to see what chance he had of farming a Ministry, and on the day after, it was announced that he, too, had declined the responsibility. I now think I have named all the gentlemen recommended to His . Excellency prior to the time when my honourable friend and colleague informed him that he was unable to tender any further advice. But, Sir, His Excellency, upon his own responsibility, placed himself in communication with Mr, James, the President of the other branch of the Legislature and asked him to undertake the responsibility of forming a Cabinet. This hon. gentleman gave his views as to the present political position and expressed it as his opinion in a paragraph in a memorandum from which I will read "As regards any attempt on my part to form a Ministry, I had an additional impediment to it in the fact, which is represented to me, that the majority of the Assembly are not unfavourable to the policy announced by Mr. Chapman but only to its proposal, under the circumstances by him whereas my own opinions are totally adverse to an income tax." H'o have it upon record that His Excellency the Governor placed himself in cqininuiiioatiqil with five hon, members, all of whom were unable to form an Administration). I call upon. numbers' attention to this because in all probability in our future history this state of affairs will be looked back upon as a period when we find 10 members of the House carrying a vote of want of confidence, and so divided in their political views as to be unable to offer themselves to His Excellency to carry on the financial and general business of the country. This will appear upon our records-that 10 members of the House had no confidence in the Ministry, and after every endeavour, were unable to form an Administration themselves, Now I will ask in what position is the Government of the country placed. Some of those gentlemen have occupied seats on these benches for many years. I have been in my present position for six years, and my two colleagues three years. We find ourselves in a House which has expressed a want of confidence in the Ministry. This vote of want of confidence was passed hurriedly, unless I am to > believe that a caucus was held, and arrangements made, for the formation of an Administration, Among the whole 10 members who voted in favour of the resolution of want of confidence, there were not four prepared to undertake the formation of a Ministry. In what position are we placed 1 We have gentlemen sitting on this side of the House with a record against them, that they do not enjoy the confidence of the House, and yet there are not three or four gentlemen on the other side of the House who are willing to undertake the responsibilities of office, and cross over to this side of the House, in order to afford us the pleasure of looking at them conducting the business of the country. I have referred to the absolute necessity of the public business being proceeded with, and the public credit will, I trust, be sustained at all hazards. The engagements we have made must be met, and the public servants must be paid. All these important matters must be attended to. It will give me pleasure to conduct these matters again to the satisfaction of the country, as I have carried them 5n through difficulty for the last six ' years, while I have not incurred any debts to meet the current engagements of the country. It is necessary that there should be an administration to conduct the business, and His Excellency has asked his present advisers to do this duty. We have accordingly withdrawn our resignations, and I continue to conduct the public business, but it is the duty of the House to remove this stain they have placed upon the members of the present Administration by the carrying of the resolution that they had no confidence in them. As men of business, and as men prepared to support the institutions of the country, finding that they cannot form an administration, they should enable the Government to conduct the business. (Mr. Gregson. "Very good." I have simply in conclusion to call attention to this matter. The vote of want of confidence was proposed without notice, and rushed through the House, a vote was taken upon it, and although there was nearly a full House there was no deliberation in the business. They have left this vote upon record, and it is impossible for the gentlemen at present in office to go on with the public business until this vote is rescinded. I will therefore beg leave to move Sir, that the vote of want of confidence passed on the twelfth of July be read and rescinded in order that a pressing! and important business may he gone on a with and the engagements of the country met in a proper and satisfactory manner. Mr. GREGSON said he was sensible of the position in which the Ministry were placed at that moment. It was one at all events unprecedented. The Colonial Treasurer said that the House had rushed the vote of want of confidence, but what were the grounds upon which the vote was passed ? It was passed because there was no stability in the present Ministry, who were so unstable that not the slightest reliance could be placed upon them. He knew nothing of the resolution before it was passed, for he had been left alone in the matter, and he was all alone then. But he was yet sufficiently clear-headed to express his opinions, and he had had long experience. He did not know what the Colonial Treasurer meant by saying that the vote of want of confidence had been rushed through the House. Did he mean that no intimation was given to the Government? He had heard the Colonial Treasurer invite hon.' members on the Opposition side of the House to, bring forward a motion of want of confidence. Upon what ground did the House bring forward this motion 1 The hon, gentlemen on the other side of the House had six months to consider what they would do, and they brought forward the nine-penny charity tax. The Colonial Treasurer said helped read a great deal of Parliamentary history, but he (Mr. Gregson) had never heard of a charity tax, although he had heard of, a benevolent tax. But this was neither more nor less than a property tax of ninepence in the pound, and if the Colonial Treasurer had said so, he would have acted honestly and straightforwardly. But he did not do this, he brought forward a tax to deceive the people. It was a direct property tax, and why did not the hon. member say so ? This was the ground upon which he said that he had no confidence in the Ministry. They had taken 6 months to consider it. and had withdrawn it on the first blush of a star upon the matter throughout the colony. He perceived by The Mercury that that paper was in a position to command the opinion of the House. This was a lie a libel, and a slander on the members generally, and the Attorney-General should take steps to see where it came from.' The writer, of these libels spat forth his vcuomliko a boa constrictor That press was governing the colony to a certain extent. It was a great power, but there was also another power-gold and hon. members on the other side know the significance of it. It made black, white ; foul, fair ; wrong, right ; base, noble. It did all this and more in this country. The un- mitigated slanderer who wrote in the press said he (Mr Gregson) could bite, but he had no teeth. He (Mr. Gregson) only wished he (the slanderer) had clean hands, and if he put his fingers into his (Mr. Gregson's) mouth, he would let him know whether he had any teeth. (Laughter.) According to this slanderer, he (Mr. Gregson) was an Ishmaelites ; his hand was against everyone, and everyone's hand was against him. He (Mr. Guñón) ought to have brought this matter before the House as a privilege question. That man said he was in a position to command the attention of this House He (Mr. Gregson) might say of him, as Canning said, in reply to Lamb, "You are a liar and a slanderer, and only want the courage to be an assassin." He (Mr. Gregson) believed in the legitimate criticism of the press. He was the first mail to give to this colony the liberty of the press. He introduced the press here, and there was a time when the press of Tasmania had blessed him. Editors were introduced here who know nothing of the circumstances of the colony, and they said they had a right to criticise these men. They had a right to criticise the members of that House, but they ought to give them something like fair play. That paper was a curse in Tasmania, and unfortunately, it was the only paper they had. No, he must retract. There was another one of small dimensions. The one was like a small casket filled with jewels, and the other a large case filled with rubbish. Let them get something like honesty, There was not a single member who was not afraid to speak in that House. Many of them had been intimidated, and were afraid to get up and speak.! There was Rooke sitting and saw cawing, and Houghton like a donkey and could not kick. (Laughter.) That was the criticism of this canny,, low-bred, calculating Scotchman. (Laughter.) No man honoured a Scotchman more than he (Mr. Gregson) did ; but there were none so had as a bad Scotchman, and none stood so high as a good Scotchman. 'He was to all intents and purposes a Scotchman. He (Mr. Gregson) had no other means but in that House of defending himself against the attacks of the press. It was necessary to bring these things up, because the press was a great power. Mr. Gregson, after further remarks of the same nature, went on to say that the hon. gentlemen on the opposite side of know what the inevitable conclusion was to be. The Governor ought to take upon himself the responsibility and dissolve the House. Hon. members knew that it would result in this. The hon, the Colonial Treasurer asked hon. members to stultify themselves, and if they did this, in what position would they stand ? He (Mr. Gregson) had twenty charges to bring against the Colonial Treasurer, but he did not intend to bring ? them forward then. He spoke on this matter advisedly and guardedly, and he hoped he had not said anything which was offensive. There was but one alternative out of this difficulty, and hon. members know there was only one alternative. Why did not the Government ask for supplies to carry on the Government for three or four months 6 The hon. member proceeded to say that there were twelve apostles, and amongst them there was a traitor. There were sixteen apostles in that House, but he did not think there was a traitor amongst them to the cause of progress. He would not vote against the Ministry, if the public credit would be injured by his vote that night. He wished the . House dissolved, and he would be willing to give the Government supplies. But the Ministry wished to cling to office. The COLONIAL TREASURER : No. Air. GREGSON : Wellsman, why did not they give up. The hon. member proceeded to comment on his own age, and to assert that he had said nothing offensive. He thought there was not one man on his side of the House who would walk across the floor that night. His grounds for voting against the present Ministry was the persistency of the Colonial Treasurer, in running the "colony into debt. Nine- the time of the introduction of responsible Government this colony had been getting into debt at the rate of £22,000 year, and then the Gc. lonial Treasurer came down with a ninepenny charity rate, and then he fell back upon the income and property tax. Necessity has no law | so said the Colonial Treasurer, and he (Mr. Gregson) admitted it to be correct. The Colonial Treasurer had brought them into that state. Year at tor year he had been getting the country into the present state, and how could they make both ends meet ! Ila instanced the immigration vote, and asked how much they had spent ? Somewhere about £13,000 or £14,000. We sent a good fiddler to Germany, and got a lot of old German', women and babes. Of course, it was all very funny, like the boys who sang in the streets, " Up and down the city road, ' i In His out the Eagle, That's the way the money goes, Von goes the weasel." (Laughter.) He wanted to impress those things upon the minds of hon, members, and he couhVbcst do it with something ridiculous, as Daniel O'Connell said, and therefore he (Mr. Gregson) was following a great man. The Immigration Agent was about as useful as is the Minister of Lands and Works. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Gregson) could find sufficient to vote against the Ministry in the misapplication of patronage of the Cabinet, That rag of a paper wished the sixteen to stultify themselves make fools of themselves j - but if there was a Judas among the sixteen, he hoped he would go and do as Judas did, and hang himself. This was his ground for opposing the Ministry - that the Colonial Treasurer would not alter his financial policy, but persisted in running the colony into debt. The hon. member went on to say that the Houseilidnot contain one statesman, one master- mind, mail that a good man there would be worth £500, Why not ask the Governor to dissolve the House? The Ministry could not carry on the Government with a majority of one. He (Mr. Gregson) was determined that they should not get on with the business for the next six months, unless they took his suggestion, it was a fair one, and an honest one. The House could give the Government supplies for the next three months. He contended that there must be, reform, there was no question about it, The hon. member went on to say that even supposing the Government had a majority of one, they could not carry on the business of the country with such a majority. Supposing some man amongst the 10 who voted against them base enough to desert, the Government would he in little better plight. Why did not the Government take a high course and adopt the suggestions ven-by'himself, that was to ask His Excellency 3LO grant a dissolution, and seek to obtain funds to sustain the public credit, pending an appeal to the country. Mr. MEREDITH said he did not intend to travel beyond the question at issue, neither was it his intention to say whether he had confidence in The Mercury or not this was not the question, but it was for him to say whether he had or had not confidence in the Colonial Treasurer. He had been much disappointed in the Colonial Treasurer's address, because he thought that hon. gentleman would, as he should have done, come before them with some reasons to show why hon. members should now express a different opinion from what they did on the morning of the 20th July. There was nothing in the arguments advanced by the Colonial Treasurer to show why they should do so, and certainly they failed to make any impression upon him. There was a certain amount of attraction he must admit when he alluded to the cause of others not occupying the Treasury Benches from the inability of certain persons to form a Ministry. Stress had been laid on the fact that, a want of confidence motion had been brought forward without any previous organization or means to form an administration, and he argued that no precedent could be found for the opposition bringing forward a want of confidence vote under ; such circumstances, and without the ability to form an administration, Well, perhaps there was no precedent, but the hon member should recollect that precedents are also wanting for many other things that have occurred. He would ask if there were any precedent for a Treasurer; after announcing one system of taxation as a means to raise the, revenue required, coming down in a day or two and withdrawing that scheme, and introducing another which only a few days before he had denounced as ruinous to the prosperity of the country ? Yet this was what the Colonial To ensure had done-first denouncing the income tax, then resorting to it a few days afterwards. Who would have expected that the Colo- ' nial Treasurer would thus ask them to adopt a policy which he had hitherto opposed? He had no doubt the hon. member for Fingal had been taken by surprise, but in bringing forward that motion, he simply did his duty to himself and to his constituents by declaring that they had substituted for a policy which they found was not acceptable to the country, another which they had affirmed must be the ruin of the country. He looked upon the present crisis as an important one in every respect, as it might lead to delay in the settlement of certain urgent matters, but still it would prove, beneficial for them in the end. But to come to the point, namely, the question as to what the policy of the Government should be. Hon. members, whethoron this or that side of the House, had no desire to throw aside the responsibilities which pressed on them. Both sides were anxious to maintain the financial credit of the colony. He would refer back to 1851, when the first Parliament in which the members were entirely elective assembled. The same gentleman who is now Colonial Treasurer was then Colonial Treasurer. He would refer to what he (the Colonial Treasurer) then said through His Excellency Sir Henry Fox Young, when His Excellency delivered his speech at the opening of the first Parliament. It was as well to begin at the beginning, as this was calculated to show what was required of a Ministry This was on the 3rd of Decent bor, 1856, and since then they had enjoyed the benefit of the Colonial Treasurer's 'financial policy, and at that time there was only interest amounting to £10,420 to be provided for now the amount was not eased to upwards of £80,000 a year. In his speech on that occasion His Excellency said, " As soon as the returns to the writ of election for both Houses band supplied the constitutional elements out of which to select the Hist administration, that task was at once entered upon and accomplished, and the Ministry thus selected being dependent for its tenure of office, on obtaining your support will be, so long as they possess that support, the virtual representatives of Pal Hument, and the actual-Re- sponsible Government of Tasmania." Such is the case now, and so long will they be his present Excellency's responsible advisers, as they enjoy the confidence of this House. He would now come to what the Colonial Treasurer, addressing this House through Sir H. Fox Young, said relative to the finances. He said " I regret that I have to inform you that the revenue' derivable from the Customs, as also the territorial revenue, have fallen far below the amount estimated as probably available for the service of the current year. " He then adds " for even the reduced expenditure, the revenue derivable from existing sources will not be adequate, and measures will be submitted to you for obtaining such an increased amount as will be sufficient to place the public credit on a satisfactory basis. " This was in 1850, and now we have the same Colonial Treasurer putting in the. mouth of His Excellency at tho close of the last ' session on 21st December, 1871, the statement, " you have wisely postponed the consultation of the general financial condition of the country until a future session, when so large a question can be more fully discussed and more deliberately settled." Again on the 25th June His Excellency stated :- " " The condition of the public finances has engaged the attentive consideration of my Government during the recess. The time would seem to have arrived when some charges to which the Land Fund is now liable should be a custom ed to the General Revenue. Arrangements will he proposed to you for carrying out this view, and for maintaining the public credit by placing the finances on a footing of permanent . soundness." His, Excellency then f|.ujitf¡4 that measures would be brought forward that would put the finances on a satisfactory basis." Well, we find that to attain this they were no further forward on the 19th July last than they were in 1856. Then they had to provide for interest amounting to £10,420, now for more than £80,000. What, then, had hon, members got to do ? They had got to note that that sum of money he provided, and determine how it is to be provided When he looked at the resolution before them on the notice paper, and which, i if hon, gentlemen opposite remained in office, he I supposed would he moved that evening or to-morrow by the Colonial Treasurer, he saw that they were required to pi ovide £30,000 by the issue of Treasury Bills, to be placed to the credit of the Land Fund ; £20,000 more to be appropriated in aid of the general revenue of the colony ; then £40,200 was proposed to be raised by debentures to pay for the redemption of debentures and £25,000 additional was to be appropriated to the payment of interest. Under these circumstances, he would naturally ask what were these bills for He did not now intend to impute blame The Colonial Treasurer had told them that this was required to maintain the credit of the colony, and they were also informed that certain persons who had bought land had been unable to pay their; instalments, and that relief had been afforded them. Why was it that they had not been able to pay ? It was owing to their poverty. No one could deny this. There was no use in their attempting to conceal the fact, like the ostrich, which, hiding its head in the sand, fancied its whose body was concealed. When the fact became known in England that they were borrow- ing money to pay the interest on what they had already borrowed, their position on the House would soon be changed. English capitalists were sufficiently keen-sighted, and when they saw that they could not pay £82,000 without borrowing £30,000 in Treasury hills, it would tell against them. They would soon be unable to sell their debentures ; they were not in a position to pay the money already borrowed. Let them suppose the case of a private individual whose property was mortgaged, and who to pay the interest had to resort to borrowing. He would soon come to a stand still, and so, when it was known that they had to resort to borrowing money to pay the interest on that already borrowed it would damage the sale of their debentures. But with regard to their debts the would only remark that till the present Colonial Treasurer, took office, i debentures were unknown. but he introduced them then as he found that in 1856 he provided for £32,000 to be raised by debentures, The COLONIAL TREASURER was understood to say that it was by a resolution of the House, and for road rates and other plumosus ordered by 99 House. Mr. MEREDITH t it is a part and parcel of the Ways and Means for 1857, and the £33,00 We voted on the 10th February, 1857. The COLONIAL TREASURER again disclaimed the responsibility. J " Mr MEREDITH continued, stating that he had " " said that the Colonial Treasurer had commenced this borrowing, and that it had gone on till 1865, when the amount required to cover the loans and deficiences was £225,200. He was only allud- ing to this to show that, whether wisely or unwisely, Parliament had sanctioned this expenditure Wt works of various characters, and now the MwNst must be provided, and the colonial credit sustained on the Stock Exchange. He regretted that the Colonial Treasurer had no well-defined financial policy. If the ninepenny rate which he first proposed | had been granted he would never have recovered the money for the landholders were not able to for it, in his own district he know of several (MM, and in the district represented by the hon. member for Sorell, he was sure that hon. member knew of several cases where the farmers could not pay such a tax. in these districts there were many people who could give them milk, or water, or meat, or bread, or vegetables, but the Od. they had not got, and if they were to exact the 9d. they might take the farmer's bullocks, or his milch cows, orbit horses, but that could only be done once. It could not be repeated another year, for i on the first by depriving him of these they deprived him of his means of gaining his livelihood, and depriving him of his cow they deprived the family of milk. Thus you will fill the charitable institutions, and further increase the burdens of the country, How then is the Treasurer to got the revenue t If asked why the revenue of a falling off, his reply WAS that it was because We Customs duty on necessaries was so high that it be came prohibitive. The duty let them say what they would had to be paid by the consumer, otherwise the importer and the trader could not make a living. While relief was required, more revenue had to be "asked How was this to be done? It had been arrested, by the Customs, by resorting to ml tJorem instead of package duties. This was proposed by some gentlemen in the North, but, no asked, What would they gain by that it was simply a question for the merchants, whether they would rather pay it by a package duty or by air ml valorem duty, which would probably give rise to fraud, chicanery, and additional trouble. There was no country without resources, but the great question for the financier was to ascertain what these resources were, and to obtain the necessary revenue HO thatitahouldnotpressunequallyonthepooplc. Now, it appeared to him, that it would have been rash of the Opposition, with a majority of 10 to say 14 or 15 to attempt to undertake the task. Now they were pretty nearly balanced ; there were Ki who had no confidence in the Colonial Treasurer, while there were 14 others who professed to have confidence in him. He knew that it would be impossible to carry on the business of the country with such a narrow majority. There was but one step open to them politically to get over the difficulty, and let gentlemen on this side and on that side make their statements and go before the public for their verdict, and let the public decide the issue. For his own part, he had no hesitation or doubt. but he would bow as he had always done? the decision of the majority. Not withstand iiiBwhatthehon.theAttoniey-Goneral had said, well, he would say withpropersarcasin.hobelievcdthehon. gentleman would give him credit for not rashly rush- ing into office by forming an administration which, at most could only colinton a majority of one. Such an administration could only stand for a short time. ¡ He would now briefly refer to a minute which must have something in it, because it had the sanction of the Premier and another hon. member of the other branch of the Legislature. That' was regarded generally as a statesmanlike production, and-, he could cite several testimonies to that effect, in that document it was stated "the fiscal and financial measures which ministers are prepared to recommend to your Excellency and to urge upon the adoption of Parliament are based upon the broad general principles of direct taxation, and a large re- mission of Customs' duties upon the necessaries of life and articles of general consumption. They' in card the adoption of this policy as the most effectual mode of resuscitating the public finances. By these means they conceive it practicable to fulfill all the conditions of the problem of our present embarrass- ment. On those principles they are prepared to provide a revenue adequate to the indispensable necessities of the state, and sufficiently certain and elastic to maintain the public credit. " He remembered that in 1849 Sir Robert Peel in speaking to a vote of " no-confidence," said it was not for him then to announce the financial policy to be pursued, but simply to speak to the vote before the House. For his own part he thought no person could declare that he had confidence in the Government that came first with a property tax, and then in two or three days turned round and introduced a scheme which they had only a few days before denounced as one that would be ruinous to the country. He had a remark- to make on the position in which the Colonial Treasurer wished to put them in.. On July 20th they voted that they had no confidence in the Treasurer, but by this vote which he now asked them to affirm, he was going to take more from hon. members on this side. Suppose hon. members were to rescind that vote, he felt that in his own case were he to vote counter to what he had previously done, that the Colonial Treasurer could then have no confidence in him, but that he by asking him to rescind the vote, compelled him to show that he had no confidence in himself, and that his constituents could have no confidence in him. If he were to rescind his previous vote, he would be degrading his constituents and depriving himself of his own self respect. He should thus be losing what a man can never recover. A man may lose property, money, health, and friends. These he may, however, again regain, but if he once loses his self-respect, he can never regain that. He was not going to reduce himself to that position. He was well aware of what was necessary. There were certain measures to he passed, and these he would support on the assurance being given that there would no an appeal to the country on the earliest opportunity. Then they would come back after that appeal fully aware whether they had the confidence of the country or not. He believed it was usual to speak of the Legislative Council as another place. He did not know why it should be so, but he would observe all due decorum to that august body, but when he found the President of that body stopping out of his way to give him advice; when he found him print- ing papers which he believed formed a portion of the rccordcdprococdiugs of the other branch of the Legislature and when that hon. gentleman counselled | him that he should degrade himself for ever ; his a reply was, that he cared not for him or for his advice, and he hoped that these words would be repeated to him and he would say, let that hon. gentleman look to himself ; and if he wishes to i assist the Colonial Treasurer, let them take between them a large hamper to carry back their j! broken pledges and they would require a very large I hamper to do it. But he would not have them to I suppose that he was so lost to all sense of self respect. as to rescind his vote. He had pointed out the course that should be adopted. 'He had I not approved of the railway, and had always been a opposed to it, but now that it had been carried, and the contract signed, he would support it, for he was By always in favour of maintaining contracts when H once entered into, and he should not like to sue the colony discredited on the bourses of Europe. He once more would tell the-Treasurer that the course I lie was recommending would not do. He told him I last session that he would not receive the £24,000 from the railway district, and he had been a true I prophet. He would now tell him that he would not I rccoivetue£15,000oii which he reckoned. Than there 1 were £10,000 which he expects to cut from the Gas ! tons from increased trade, but, for his own part, lie I did not believe he would get it, so they had at once I £23,000 as a deficiency. If ' he wished to obtain a | revenue, he must relieve the Customs, and intro S duce some liberal land law, so as to induce people is to settle on the land, and attract population At a present the revenue had to be raised from Borne a 33,000 persons, and it pressed too heavily on them, S but by making this colony a cheap place to live in, | by opening up manufactures, and inducing pope lation to settle, by adopting liberal land laws, they might soon see their way out of the difficulties with which they were now surrounded, but this could not happen so long as they relied on drawing the 5 revenue from 33,000 persons. Suppose they were | to rescind this vote, he affirmed that the Colonial | Treasurer could not carry on till 1874 without smashing. He had been a true prophet with a regard to the Launceston and Western Railway. He had been a true prophet also with regard to they Schouten Island coal mines, in which some £40,000 I had been lost, and in this case, unless a totally fe different fiscal policy were adopted there was S jil'M'iS but ''soap bankruptcy and ruin staring p them in the face. If of was aware that there were a some men who affirmed that they' saw 'no holes sity g for increased taxation, and that £20,000, £30,000, M £40,000, or £30,000 could easily be done away with. a Well, let them look at the estimates of the cost of 5 the departments. He saw a great difficulty in re-' S Queing £50,000from that; something might be done as regards the charitable institutions, educational, and prison establishments, but it occurred to him that a reduction could be made, but still any such retrenchment must be partial, and could not be carried out to any extent, but Ministers require to maintain the credit of the country, and now an opportunity has occurred. If the Colonial Treasurer would adopt his policy he would go behind him on these benches and support him. But at present the restrictions on trade wore such that between Hobart Town and Launceston it was impossible to land a single package. He could daily see the vessels pass his door, but he could not get a package out of them till the vessel had first gone to' Hobart Town or Launceston. What would a resilient m Oatlands think if the coach could not leave, a package in his deep J At present they had to send master Hobart Town or Launceston to pay him (tipsy May goolhi they might require before they could get them at the intermediate ports on the coast. They had the finest of iron ore in the colony, and J. M »Imndaiiuo of timber to convert the ore into a iron, they had fine streams of water for turning a arms, and yet they could not do anything because. WY were blockaded by Customs, NO that they jj PQUM not induce a labouring population to come I ujWttle here, nor could they maintain themselves in With the existing burdens if they were here Some >' persons talked about the hospitals, gaols, and chant a »WeinstltutloiiSM affording a means of reduction but j if they could relieve the estimates of the interest ly, on the public debt, then they would soon be prosper i" ""JJ- It was not now a question whether the money >* authorised by Parliament had been wisely ox Si 5e , P. On the contrary y, he would at present con fe line himself to what were the exigencies of the of HWP. He considered that they should rely on a (direct taxation to relieve those who were now up. depressed Wherever! this course had been rose to a "Jehad resulted in producing good effects. The ss ministered Landsaud Works referred recently to U Singapore as a free port he would also refer to the ?' Wet of free ports. It was said they had no v Payne' 'This 'is stated was the case, They it PJMI't not got a fair price for their produce, owing to '4 lW Tvf states imposed in Victoria, Ire, ft taiT'»woul<1 by attracting uauiikitinn chute j markets for their eye produce, and by establishing F i free ports make Launceston the emporium for the [i Australian markets, and Hobart Town the employ sum for the markets of New Zealand, Queensland, Kock -J Stanton, 45. As a matter of fact they know that j wherever free ports had been established they had a well attended with success. He was about to refer h Jo an island somewhat larger than this one, also h eyes in a cold latitude, and of which some three gurthsisonly a bare, barren rock-homonntlcoland. I 8 018 to quote, as he always did, from an EL authority. Pato Ioclaud as an example of the effects at "comrade. G W. Paijkull, Professor at the Uni I penalty' Uncle. Du 1805, wrote as follows --" In the in 5th century the powers of belated were completely Pntywa by the oppression of the system of trade. | In consequence of this the population diminished in a very marked, way. Formerly it had amounted to 50,000 ; but in 1788, it sank to 38,000, and in 1786 to 37,000. In this unhappy state of things, the Danish Government appointed a commission to enquire into the cause of the retrogressive condition of the Island, and that commission arrived at the conclusion that the cause of Ireland's retrogression was due to the pernicious course pursued by the government, more especially to the heavy pressure, under ; which race traffic, and the producing power of the country in general laboured. In consequence of the report of this Commission, the bonds of commerce, were relaxed, and although trade was far from free, this limited concession borne good fruits. The, products of the country increased ; the prices of fish rose in a remarkable degree, a "skippund". of fish quoted in 1770 at 15s. 6d., rose in 1702 to 54s. and to 75s. per "skipping.", The population, which had receded, increased 8,500. The number of sailing-vessels. during the days of restriction only amounted to' 30\. In 1783 they had increased to 55 and in 1760 there were 68 sailing vessels calling at the different ports in Iceland. But, again, unhappily for Icoland,privileges that had been granted were withdrawn. Direct trade was circumscribed; people were permitted to trade only at certain ports. The effect of this was that the yearly arrival of vessels diminished. in 1793 only 49 vessels arrived, and in 1794 only 39. This state of injury to trade continued until 1867, when " Jorgen Jorgenson" appeared on the scene and re-opened the ports., In 1810 foreigners were first permitted to trade on land, though subject to a duty per ton too high for any ship to bear. In 1886 this impost was reduced, and in 1854 free trade was introduced. Not any duties were' demanded now, and only a trifling tonnage due. The material and intellectual resources of the court tryliavb-since the advent of free trade developed in direct proportion to the freedom that has been granted to its commerce. The population which in the 18th century, up to 1787, had not advanced a step, has now reached £63 000 the exports have increased in like proportion. The propitious circumstances resulting from free trade have shown themselves in the most advantageous manner. Not any check has been given to advancement. The development of commerce is to be seen by a glance at the number of vessels that trade with Ice- land at the present day as compared with the number that visited in the days of heavy dues." In 1867 the tonnage only amounted to 2,401 tons from 57 ships. From 1848 to 1354 the tonnage average per: year was 4,785 tons from 120 ships. From 1850 to 1803 the yearly average of vessels arriving in, Icelandic ports was 134, within burden of 6,104 tons. It is natural, therefore, that those landers should value very highly the advantages which free trade has conferred upon them. The merchants have not been losers. The producing powers and with them the exports have considerably increased), and an impulse has been given to her commerce generally. Iceland their having the restric- tion of her commerce removed by the freedom of her ports is in a good way to enhance' her material prosperity, so far as a country which has been so scantily endowed by nature can expect. The ex port.of,tallow"beforo free ports were, established was 114,00011)3. ; ditto, since ports were opened, 993,00011».. Eiderdown exported. prior to free ports, 2000lbs. in 1855, 4,000 lbs. Feathers exported prior to free "ports, 4,5001bs. ; since free ports, 25,000 lbs.' The fish exports before free ports were 8,000 skippund with ports opened, 24,000 skipped. The wool exports, before free ports were! 107 000lbs! '; with free ports', 1,000,00011)3.' He was aware that in reading this quotation he had committed a digression from'tho,(immediate matter before them, which was the question of rescinding a vote of want of confidence, but he thought when claiming the. liberty to maintain his approval of that vote, he also thought it important to show that he was prepared to meet the difficulty. He might be told, that expediency required that it should be rescinded, but he was never influenced by that consideration. He thought that it was a very short-sightodpoliey, Some were in favor of annexation to Victoria as a remedy for the evil, there were many who were in favour of annexation. in the North, and some also in the South, but he could not see what was to be gained by it. There were several questions arising out of this proposal. First, would Victoria.çoiisetjt to receive them ? Secondly, if she would do so, would that afford any escape from their present liabilities ? Did hon. members think that Victoria would advance them the money to pay their debts, or that the Victorians would take upon them what this colony owed ? He did not think they would, but that rather was a great province he considered Victoria would look upon Tasmania with contempt, as a poor people who had no means. He certainly could not see anything to reduce them to court Victoria. If it was bou,ui80(of their debt, they owed that in a great measure to Victoria, which had imposed such prohibitive duties that they could not send their produce there. He remembered the complaints made at what Victoria suffered when it was an integral part of New South Wales, The complaint then was that New South Wales did not give them a fair share of the moneys raised in Victoria to be expended on roads, etc. He much doubted whether, were Victoria still attached to New South Wales, if it would be so prosperous as it now was. He believed it, must be admitted that Victoria was the most nourishing of the colonies. Nor, was this to be wondered at, as she was possessed of the best pasture lands and" climate in the whole of the Australias, in addition to her rich gold-fields and other natural resources. In Gipps Land the climate was somewhat similar to that of this colony. He remembered apples selling from 16s. to 24s. per bushel, but they did not do so now, as the gardeners of Victoria, by the aid of irrigation, so ; could raise them at' home. . He had a few days ago seen' a fine show of fruit in a shop window in Liverpool street, and on enquiry he ascertained that the fruit exhibited had been grown in Victoria. They should not lose sight' the fact that it was their duty as much as possible to encourage manufactures, but of course to effect this they required population, and to induce, population they must have cheap food. That great man, Brigham Young, when asked as to the tenets of his religion, replied to create occupations and food themselves, first," and then he would communicate to them the mys- terms of his religion. So he maintained that the first thing for a political body to do was to provide food, to raise and send it to market and if they were deprived of the markets in some of the other Australian colonies, they must provide markets for themselves. He had no confidence in the financial scheme of the Colonial Treasurer, and therefore he could not consent to rescind the vote of want of confidence he had passed on him. If the hon. gentleman had come and said he had reconsidered the matter, that his past course of action had been one source of blunders, that although in 1857 he had undertaken to place the Customs and general revenue on a sound basis, he had failed to do so, although he had been in Parliament with a slight exception from 1857 to 1872, and had held office for most of that time, he had failed to place before the country or Parliament such a scheme as would even in his own estimation maintain the revenue of the colony on a sound and permanent basis. (Cheers.) I , House adjourned at 0 xvi. till 7. %, J. EVENING SITTING. Mr. MEREDITH, in continuation said, that he felt he had trespassed for a very considerable time on the patience of the, House, and he begged to thank hon. members for the attention they had paid to his remarks, but he should not have been so lengthy in his.obscrvations,,had he not thought it his duty to explain to hon. members and the colony at large his views on the present position of the country. The hon.- Colonial Treasurer must know that the lands of the colony possessed a different value then to what they do now, for no one could now say that the public lands ? possessed a tangible value, this decadence in all 11s arising from the dire policy which the hon. Treasurer had adopted during the past six years, and he (Mr. Meredith would therefore ask if that hon. member should be allowed still to pursue the policy he had acted upon for the. lost six years, one which had brought the country into its present embarrassed condition He said not, the Treasurer had broken every promise he had made in 1866 whilst he had taken from him (Mr. Meredith) almost every portion of his policy, except that part, by means of which 'some relief would have Won afforded to the whole country. Those hon. members who were desirous of Hceing-furthor pauperism, the increase of poverty, their public lands union prod, their wharves without shipping, and the colony without one ray of light cast upon it, would be those hon. gentlemen who would vote for the rescinding of the nn-anufidouao vote which, had been passed on the 19th ult. he repeated that if they wished to see the, pauperism and poverty of the country, increased, and a further t stoppage of the shipping to their ports, they would vote for the rescinding of that resolution. But he thought the country alone should have the power to decide upon the great question which' had been raised. Throughout the whole of his political life, he had done what every honourable man should do he had preserved his political. consistency, and demanded, as he had before done, that the burdens of taxation should be equally proportioned. They found that they were all to be taxed in a certain grimmer for the relief of a particular district, but he objected to that. "He had seen in the newspapers a letter signed by the hon. member for Sorell to the effect that no district had a right to claim relief because such was afforded, because that was an exceptional case, and that, should any accident happen to the Sorell Causeway, that would be an exceptional case also, but whilst great public works should be assisted in the case of accident, it did not follow that public money should be granted for works simply local. Now, he (Mr. Meredith had property not only in the district which the hon. member for Sorell represented, but in other districts also, and he contended that, if relief were afforded to one district for the repairs of roads and bridges, the same should be afforded to all. They were told that the refusal to aid all the districts was given on the ground that the several districts should be taught self-reliance, but it appeared to him that this reason was something like that commented upon by Sir William Curtis in his ideas on reciprocity, that the reciprocity was all on one side, What! Were they to be taught to be so dry is in, says- p self-reliant that they should be called upon to make roads and bridges for one district, whilst the other districts were to receive nothing? No. If the districts were to be taught self-reliance, let them be equally treated. With respect to the vote which the hon. Treasurer had moved should be rescinded, all he (Mr. Meredith would say was, that if hon. members consented to that resolution, the present state of things might go on for years, and, if that" were to be allowed, then he said that in 1874 or 1875 they would find that the credit of the country had failed, and, as he had proved a true prophet before, so they would find that he was a true pro- phet then. He had heard of political expediency, but he for one would not do evil that good might come ; but he repeated that the present Ministry had no fixed fiscal policy whatever, and warm un- deserving of the sympathy of the country. The MINISTER OF LANDS remarked that the hon. member who had just sat dowii.likeanother.hon. member who had preceded him, had placed the hon, the Colonial Treasurer in a wrong position, both before that House and before the country. Those hon. members had stated that the proposition of the Government was, that the vote of want of confidence should be rescinded, that those hon. members who had supported that resolution should be asked to recant their votes, that, instead of re- affirming the resolution they had passed, they should now give that resolution a direct negative. Now, he asked if that was a fair way of putting the hon. Treasurer's motion before the House and the country The Ministry felt that, in taking the course they had adopted, they had acted as became honourable men, and that course which all Ministers holding offices under responsible government should take, which was, that the moment a vote of no-confidence was passed, to say that they could no longer carry on the business of the country. The Opposition had had every opportunity given them to form a Ministry, but they had failed to do so. One hon. member of the Opposition had been sent for, but had failed to form a Ministry, and that hon. gentleman then recommended that another hon. member should be sent for, and it was put to him to form a Ministry, but that gentleman, and others after him, had also failed to do so in fact, every opportunity had been given to the Opposition to act upon constitutional principles, announce their policy, and let the country decide between the different policies presented to the House. "Well, day by day passed; all the resources of the Opposition became exhausted, and still no Ministry was formed and it was then suggested to His Excellency the Governor that the only course open to His Excellency was to call back that Ministry which the vote of the House had virtually displaced. The terms in which this intimation by His Excellency were conveyed to the present Ministry were well known to the House, his Excellency said, speaking of the hon. members who had been sent for, " All those gentlemen have, in succession, either failed in attempting to form a Ministry, or declined to make the attempt in the first instance. I therefore feel that the time has now come when I may claim to have exhausted every possibility of providing myself with another set of responsible advisers, and when I may fairly fall back on those whose re- signations I accepted, provisionally only on my being able to find suitable successors." That was a part of the memorandum which came from His Excellency to the present ministers. The Ministers said that those who desired to supersede the Ministry were bound to have and to educate their own policy, but they had failed to do so, and the Ministers then felt bound to resume office ; it became their duty to do so, and also to indicate in what manner, and under what conditions they would accept their renewed responsibility, Acting on these principles, the hon. Mr, Wilson in reply to His Excellency's memorandum, said, "Mr. Wilson trusts it is not necessary to acquaint the Governor that Ministers ' withdraw their resignation in obedience to His Excellency's commands, expressly with the object of seeking to re-establish their constitutional title to advise the Crown and that, under no circumstances, could they consent to resume their offices on conditions incompatible with their own honour or constitutional usage." All hon. members know than the conditions under which the Ministry consented to renew possession of their offices, but they know also that a simple rescinding of the no-confidence vote would not secure to them a necessary majority in that House. The Ministers, in taking the course they had done, had looked at constitutional usage, at analogous circumstances which had happened in the old country, both in the time of Lord Palmerston and in that of Sir Robert Peel, and they found that on both occasions, when the parties of those statesmen were wrecked, those Ministers finding the Opposition were not able to form a Ministry, went down to the House and said that, if those hon, gentlemen were not able to do that the, Ministry, that the then present exigencies of the country might he met, and the pressing necessary business of the country be proceeded with, would consent to proceed with such 'necessary public business on condition that the previous resolution of the House be erased and rescinded, and the opposition members of the House of (Commons did not consider it incompatible with their consistency or duty to rescind the vote but in so resigning office, those ministers did but do their duty as public men, in order that the business necessities of the country should be proceeded with in the House, the pressing public business having been transacted, reserving to itself the power to reconsider the recorded vote the very next day and there was nothing in the present proposition of the hon. Treasurer, that because of the altered circumstances in which hon. members were placed, and they were therefore asked to rescind their previous vote, to show that the ministers, after the pressing business of the country had been gone through, would possess the confidence of the House. It was not to be supposed that that was intended for one moment, the only question being to what extent the public business of the country should be proceeded with and it was quite clear that when ministers ' had gone through such of the public business as it was necessary and desirable should be proceeded with the House could then say that the Ministry had in that respect done what was right, and lion, mothers could then go back to the resolution of the 19th July. The Ministers would not sit there one moment after a vote of want of confidence had been passed, but they had wished the very moment that decision was arrived at to see the hon. gentlemen opposite seat themselves on the Treasury benches, when the displaced Ministers would be in a position to agree to or disapprove such measures as the new Ministry should have proposed. But as the opposition had failed to form a Ministry, the present Ministers resumed their seats in obedience to His Excellency's command and had stated the conditions under which they consented to re- same office, and that condition was the only one which was befitting men of honour to make, and all gentlemen holding office under responsible government, and on the question of a dissolution of the House, they would have a right to look at the course of procedure in Great Britain, and in Victoria and the other Australian colonies. And if they referred to analogous cases what did they find ? They found that if the adverse decision which had been arrived at had arisen on a question of a measure I proposed to the House, then it would have, been proper for the Ministry to go to the country. But this vote of want of confidence had not arisen on any question of measure, but on a question of men, and thus the question arose who should be the men to carry out those measures ? It would be noticed also that the hon, the President of the Legislative Council had pointed out to His Excellency also that he was aware that it was not the policy of the Government which was objected to, but the vote was simply that the House had not confidence in the men proposing those measures, to carry them out. Was it not then the imperative ' duty of the Ministers to the country, to resume office, allowing no false motive to restrain them, or allow themselves to have a dissolution and by that means endeavour to regain their seats without giving hon. members opposite an opportunity of impounding their scheme He considered that his son. colleagues and himself had done that which was due to the country, and had acted also in strict conformity with constitutional usage. If the hair. members opposite had taken their seats on the Treasury benches, and thought they could carry out the measures proposed better than their present occupants, it would be the duty of the' present Ministers to affirm that policy, and watch the administration of it, or otherwise, but Ministers would have been open to animadversion, if they had under the circumstAnces, resigned their position to those who had passed an adverse vote. The reply of the hon. Mr. Wilson to his Excellency's communication explained the only condition on which the ministry could consent still to occupy the Treasury benches, and that was that the want of confidence vote be rescinded, for the ministers would be only humiliating themselves and the country, were they to continue to occupy those seats against an adverse vote. All that they claimed on their part was that they had acted as the circumstances of the colony compelled them to do in resuming their seats, and when they could not occupy those seats in accordance with constitutional usage, they would cease to do so ; they would cease to occupy those seats the moment they found they could not do HO with honour to themselves and benefit to the colony. The hon. member for West Devon said the crisis was important, They were all aware of that, and none more so than himself and colleagues. The hon. member Mr. Meredith also urged that the public credit should be maintained, and that the future policy of the country should be of a character to satisfy the public creditors. He (Dr. Butler) hoped that there was no chance of damage to the public credit. The hon. member for West Devon had criticised the policy of the Government freely, very freely, and if the statements made by that hon. gentleman were to be best to ved, the Government had been carried on by a volley consisting chiefly of loans. He would ask the House was that the case? Every hon. member must be aware that during the last five years the Government had been carried on without debentures being issued to defray current expenditures. It was true that in a time of trouble, when had harvests and other causes had pressed hardly on the people, treasury bills had been issued to tide over the time. He would ask was that adding to the debt of the colony ? If so, why not have issued debentures terminable years hence instead of adopting the course which with the consent of the House the Government had taken, viz., issuing treasury bills terminable in 1873, and thus be enabled to give credit to those who were at the present time unable to pay the sums due by them to the Government. What could be more in accordance with the view proposed by the hon. member for West Devon than the course which the present Ministry had adopted. The hon. member for West Devon went into the question of past debts as he said that " fatal " system of debt, but his first illustration was unfortunate. It was true that the House in 1857 by an address to His Excellency proposed that £200,000 should be borrowed, and he well remembered the remark of the hon member for West Devon on that occasion, that it would tide over present difficulties, and let posterity pay for it. That was no pro position of the Ministry, ''but an address of the house. ' It was first proposed that £100,000 should be voted. Mr. MEREDITH : To pay off" money already borrowed. The MINISTER OF LANDS : No. The fact was that, while the bill was going through the House it was thought more advisable to take the vote for £100,000 for immigration purposes, and £100,000 towards reducing the debt of the colony. The hon. member then proceeded to argue that in no sense could the present position of the colony be said to be permanent 'or other than exceptional. For instance, the , present charitable vote was £40,000 per annum, but what was the average age of those receiving relief, from 65 to 68, surely that could not be a permanent incubus on the colony, for the time could not be far distant when they could fairly calculate on a large relief in that direction. Then again the pension list some £14,000 a year, that must in course of time be disposed of, and under the present civil service regulations could not recur. Then again the ecclesiastical vote some £8,000 or £9,000 was another sum of which the colony would in course of time be relieved. Under all those circumstances, the Government felt themselves justified in proposing the charitable rate, which although heavy was not intended to be permanent, and he thought that in a time of great difficulty, those who were able should be compelled to assist. The hon. member then proceeded to contrast the present proposition of the Colonial Treasurer of 2 per cent. Income Tax, and reten- tion of the Customs Duties with the proposition of the hon. member for West Devon, who proposed a much larger measure of direct taxation with a great reduction of the Customs duties, In 1850, when that hon. member made the proposition, it might possibly have suited, but it must be recollected that now the debt was greater, and even that hon. member himself now proposed only modified relief of Customs Duties. The present Government, however, thought that the proposed 2½ per cent. Income Tax with the Customs duties would meet the present difficulties, and he thought it might be fairly left to future years to determine what relief could be given. Nothing that had ever been said by the hon. number for West Devon could have more dearly proved that gentleman's unfitness for the post of financier than his assertion that wildly ona blindly be was prepared to throw away an ascertained source of revenue, and rush into a new policy, trusting to fortune and to date to supplement the revenue. Then the hon. member (Mr. Meredith went into the old question of blockading the ports, but he forgot that if his proposition was adopted in its entirety, it would not be an income tax of 2 per cent., but 23 per cent. that would be necessary, but as the hon. member still proposed to retain the duties on tea, sugar, and tobacco, it was clear on his (Mr. Meredith's) own shewing that the ports must be protected. The hon. member evidently intended that if his views were carried out, Tasmania should stand alone isolated from the other colonies, but the policy of the present Government was to do all that could he done to make Australia one on a fair intercolonial basis. Let it be borne in mind that the policy of intercolonial free trade was nearly affirmed. The consent of the Home Government might shortly be expected. In New Zealand and South Australia the question had been settled, in New South Wales the bill had been introduced, and events went to show that in Victoria the time was coming when that policy would prevail, and was Tasmania, as the hon. member (Mr. Meredith) argued, to stand alone, isolated from the Australian? The hon. member's arguments were weak, for he had to fall back on Iceland, a country little known, and whose products were fish and feathers. (Laughter.) His policy might be good where the people got their living by fish an I feathers, but he trusted that in Tasmania they were not dependent on such productions. As to oil and whalers the ports were now practically free to them, and yet there were not so many whalers visiting this port now as in the days when restrictions were imposed. The hon. member then alluded to the speech of the hon. member for Richmond, and said that, although that gentleman, from his long experience, age, and position, was capable of giving advice to Parliament, they found him coming there year after year addressing himself to the gallery, dealing simply in denunciation, and proving himself to be the Thersites of Probate. The hon. member for West Devon had said that since 1890, when he was in charge of the finances at the country, there had been a constant diminu- tion in the prices of land. This it had been stated was dependent on a system of raising revenue by Customs ; the increase of pauperism and also been stated to be dependent on Customs mismanagement. Now the hon. member was inaccurate in these statements. Pauperism was the result of an old relic of a system pursued in former years. The statement of the hon. member that the public lands were un- occupied was also incorrect. If he would take the trouble to look at the returns, he would find that more land had been taken up during the last two years than at any other similar period. In no anterior period in the history of the colony had the lands of Tasmania been so extensively occupied as during the last two years. The hon. member had imagined half the charges in his accusation, and then set himself to denounce them. He for one was quite prepared to take the decision of the country with regard to the policy of the G ivcruniont. Mr. GELLIBRAND said the question placed before hon. members that evening by the Colonial Treasurer was whether those gentlemen who had supported the vote of no confidence on the 20th July would now review their action, and recall that vote. In speaking to this question he must come payment the Colonial Treasurer on the very temperate manner in which he had addressed himself to the question, and must also compliment the Minister of Lands on the open- handed and gentlemanly manner in which he had dealt with the question. Before dealing with the merits of the resolution proposed by the Colonial Treasurer, he thought it right to state that, when he brought forward the vote of no confidence in the Ministry, he did not know whether it would be carried by a large or a small majority, or indeed, whether it would secure the approbation of a majority at all. The vote having been carried, it became a question with him whether with a majority of two there was on his side of the House the elements necessary to form a strong administration-an administration which would be able to carry such measures as would have to be brought forward for the benefit of the country. Unless he could associate with him gentlemen of position, experience, and ability, he for one had felt that it would be useless to attempt the formation of an Administration. It was perfectly true, as the Colonial Treasurer had stated, that the opposition to the Government had not been long concerted. There had been no time for long' con- certed opposition. He himself had felt, as many others have felt, much disappointment at the action of the Treasurer in proposing property tax, which he had designated a charitable rate, and thus acting in direct antagonism to the principles upon which his conduct had hitherto been based. In all former statements made by the Treasurer he had persistently denounced direct taxation. But this was not the principal thing which had shaken his confidence in the Colonial Treasurer. That which had mainly induced him to propose the vote of no-confidence was his vacillating conduct with regard to the income tax. A few days before proposing the income tax, the honourable gentleman had in unmeasured terms denounced the proposition he afterwards adopted, and quoted extracts to show that such a tax would encourage fraud, and he difficult of collection. The facility with which the Colonial Treasurer had changed his opinions, was the principal reason which induced him to vote against the government. That the party who carried the adverse vote could form a government was perfectly true, but they could not form a government sufficiently strong to carry such measures as they deemed necessary for the welfare of the country. On the vote being carried, he did not place himself in direct communication with any gentleman, and did not undertake to form a ministry, but only to see if he could find gentlemen to work in harmony, because where there were differences of cardinal points of policy, he felt it would be impossible to raise revenue, unless the gentlemen forming the ministry were unanimous as to the means by which it should be raised. The Minister of Lands, and the Colonial Treasurer had said that this was a position which had never occurred before. Something similar had occurred in the administration of Sir Robert Peel. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Not a want of confidence motion ; an adverse vote. Mr. GELLIBRAND : They had been told that the movers, of the adverse vote. were not prepared to take the place of the Government. Were, their position was this. There was little advantage to be gained by the formation of a weak administration, which would lost perhaps only six months, especially when it was considered that they would have to take up the position of their predecessors, leaving accumulated debts and a falling revenue To form any thing but a strong Administration would, under these circumstances, be to act very unwisely. He could not altogether condemn the course taken by the Government, and did not see how they could very well have taken up a different position after the turn events had taken, but how the Government could expect that a majority of the House should, on the 19th July, say that they had no confidence in the financial and general policy of the present Administration, and now come down, and without anything having transpired to induce them to alter their decision, simply rescind that decision was utterly beyond his comprehension, The remarks of the Minister of Lands, as he understood them, were to the effect that the Government only wished to carry on urgent public affairs till a dissolution could be brought about. He looked upon the Governor as the sole judge to decide at what time a dissolution should take place. If a weak Administration had been formed by the opponents of the Government, and they were then turned out, they would not be likely to get a dissolution of appeal to the country. As the House was at present constituted with a Government strongly supported on one side and a strong adverse party on the other, they could scarcely carry on the business, and he thought it was a juncture at which the country should have an opportunity of deciding whether the policy of the Government was or was not acceptable to them. The COLONIAL TREASURER wished to put a a question to the hon. member. Did he understand the hon. member to advocate that supplies should not be granted before a dissolution took place ? I Mr. GELLIBRAND'S wish was that everything should he done to maintain the public credit, every necessary public work for which provision had been made should be carried out in its entirety, and that the Main Line Railway works should be gone on with. He was quite prepared to vote enough to pay the public obligations, and did not wish to cripple or impede any measures for the benefit of the country. Mr. SWAN said that a great deal of misapprehen- sion appeared to exist in the minds of some hon. members as to the want of confidence motion, and the proposition now submitted to them by the Colonial Treasurer. He had heard remarks, and seen statements in print, to the effect that any member who rescinded the vote given by him on the 20th July, would be guilty of inconsistency. Now, these statements arose from a thorough misunderstanding of the question on the part of those by whom they were made. The term want of confidence possessed a double signification. The first sense in which it was to be understood was as conveying that those supporting it had lost confidence in Ministers ; beyond that, it imported that those in Opposition were fully prepared to take the places of those whom they wished to eject. Now the mover of the vote of want of confidence had told the House that when he proposed that vote he did not know whether or not he would be supported by a majority of the House. That hon. member must have been very innocent of Parliamentary usage, or he would have known that under such circumstances his action in moving the resolution was premature. ABLe the inconsistency which it was alleged hon. members would be guilty of in rescinding their vote, he must say that he thought it was only fair that the mover of the adverse vote and those gentlemen who had joined him in saying that they had no confidence in the financial policy of the Government, should, upon finding that they could not supply their places, withdraw their vote till they were prepared to give effect to it by assuming the responsibility of Government. This wouuTbe only a lnanlyauddiguifiedcourse.and would savour nothing of eating dirt as had been alleged. He remembered being in the House and opposing the hon. member for West Devon when he told that gentleman about his system of reproductive works, which he (the speaker) looked upon as a bribe to the country. He told that gentleman that he should be an opponent of his on this question, but would offer him no factious opposition, but then, when he could imperil his seat, he should sit opposite to him. That, he considered a legitimate, but not a factious opposition, The hon. member for Fingal had said he could have formed an administration, but it would have been a weak one, and that he was unwilling to face a strong Opposition. Now, he had been told that a strong Opposition was a most desirable thing, and the want of a strong Opposition had been a constant cause of complaint for years past. Now to him the present position of affairs, which exhibited parties so equally numbered, was a source of great gratification. He liked to see a strong Opposition, and felt grievously disappointed that the party who had supported the no-confidence vote had been unable to form an administration. He should have liked to have sat in opposition and seen useful measures of public utility initiated by an administration composed from the other side of the House, and vigorously discussed by means of a strong opposition on his side. He should like to have seen the policy old the other side unfolded. Now, if they went to the country, they know nothing of their policy, except that which had been announced by the hon. member for West Devon, and that was in the clouds. They all know the policy of the present Government as to the income tax. The hon. member for West Devon had the other night talked of a system of free ports which would be a great relief to the customs. In his speech this evening he had not so clearly indicated how this relief would be brought about, as the establishing of free ports did not necessarily raliava the customs and might not appreciably afther them. Much amusement had been caused by a remark about prophets. Now there were prophets and prophets, and the hon. member appeared to be one on whom the fire from heaven would not descend. (Mr. Meredith : " I hope not.") He ought to have said at whose bidding the fire would not descend. The hon. member had during the last and present session held the position of leader of the Opposition, and it must have been a source of excessive mortification to that gentleman to find that when his opportunity arrived and he was called upon to form an Administration that he could not findincithcrHousc or both combined three members to go with him. He thought that it was not becoming on the part of hon. members to dwell on the want of confidence motion which had been declared against the Government, and it would have bcouTjotter if attention had been confined to the resolution instead of the financial policy of the Government being discussed over again. They should have accepted the result of the last debate on that point, and only held their discussion on the proposition to rescind the vote. He could see no inconsistency in members recalling their vote, and thought the Government should, at least, be allowed to continue in office, to complete public works, and carry out measures of importance, and then when the Opposition were better prepared they might seek a dissolution. He for one could not see that a confession that they had acted prematurely amounted to inconsistency on the part of hon. members. Mr. MILLAR said he would vote against the motion, and he would give his reasons for so doing as briefly as possible. He would confine himself to the question before the House, namely, the vote of want of confidence in the Ministry. When the House on the 10th of July passed a vote expressive of want of confidence in the Ministry, and from what had since taken place he thought it would have been more honourable for hon. gentleman on the treasury benches to hare recommended a dissolution of Parliament, and to have given their constituents and the country generally an opportunity of deciding. A call of the House had been made to allow hon. members an opportunity of considering the question of rescinding the resolution that had been passed. He would not give his support to a proposition so unreasonable, so unjust, and so humiliating, without sufficient reason, and at the present time he had not sufficient reason. If he voted for the resolution before the House he would consider himself a traitor to himself, his constituents, and to the country. (Mr. Douglas : '* Hear, hear.") When the hon, the Colonial Treasurer took office after the Meredith Whyte administration, he said he would give relief from the Customs duties without additional taxation. Had he kept this premise ? In his speech at the opening of Parliament, he declared that the engagements of the country compelled him to propose a charitable rate of nine pence in the pound. If the hon. gentleman had tendered his resignation, when he found that this would not be accepted, he would have done something honorable. But he did not do this. He came forward with another proposition which he thought would be more acceptable to hon. numbers and the country, a proposition for an income and property tax, which would amount to more than his tax upon property. He did not pre- also to relieve the country. There were the stamp and package duties, which pressed upon those who were least able to bear them, and at the same time he took up the policy of his predecessor which he had opposed. What confidence could they have in a man like this. If the hon, the Colonial Treasurer had adhered strictly to his first proposal, he would have had some confidence in him, and there would have been something consistent in his action. But he did not do that he simply pushed about and tried to find out what would be most acceptable to hon. members. A great deal had been said about the Opposition side of the House not being able to form a new administration, but he thought that hon. members who had declined the task had shown their good sense. (Hear, hear, from the Ministerial side of the House.) What hon. members would be willing to undertake the responsibilities of the Government, with the present heavy engagements and nothing to meet them, without going to the country and getting the people to express their opinions on the matter ? (A voice: On what?") Upon the empty state of the Treasury. (Laughter.) If it were true that the present Ministry were the only men able to manage the affairs of the country, the sooner we returned to the old system of Government, or had annexation to Victoria, the latter. This would be much better than submitting in all things to one set of men. The present system of increased taxation was calculated to drive people , out of the colony, while What we required was to attract a population to our shores. If the popula- I thou did not increase the colony would not prosper. He would just show them the position the Parliament would be placed in, if this vote of want of confidence was rescinded that night. The cause of the vote was that the Ministry had no fixed financial policy. If the vote were rescinded those gentlemen could at any time Bay " you can't do without us," and we must all be on our best behaviour to do as they wish (Mr. Swan : We did not know you had any best behaviour.) The Ministry would be the Parliament of Tasmania. (Hear, hear.) If this were to be the case hon. members might just as well stop at home. The Colonial Treasurer had often asked hon. members on the Opposition side to give him their assistance at the table of the House, hut when their assistance had been given he had pulled against it. He trusted that every hon. member of the House who had voted against the Ministry would be true to that vote that evening. He could not conceive anything so humiliating OR to rescind that vote, and he hoped hon. members on the other side of the House would see the necessity of changing their votes, and not do as the old Tory member did, who said that he never changed his vote, although he often had reason to change his opinion. (Laugh ter.) If hon. members stuck to the vote they passed on the 19th of July they would prevent the State ship from becoming a total wreck, and this could only be done by changing the command. The Ministry would have had his support and his vote if it had not been inconsistent in its movements. He would do all in his power to sustain the credit of the country, but he would never give his support to a Ministry when he had no confidence in the head of it Mr. ROOKE said anyone would imagine that the hon. member who had just sat down had been speaking on the vote of want of confidence in the Government. Now this motion had been carried, but the exigencies of the State required that some legislation should take place at once. He said that if the vote was rescinded the Ministry would be in power again, but did it not occur to the members on the other side of the House that they had a majority ? Now it was absolutely necessary to save the credit of the country, and to do the financial business, but this vote should be rescinded in order to enable the Ministry to bring in some measures that could not be done without. If hon. members on the other side of the House did not see this they must either be wilfully blind or totally ignorant. (Hear, hear.) The Ministry would not be able to pass any measure whatever against the wish of the majority. It was simply nonsense to say that the Ministry would be in power again if the resolution of want of confidence was re- scinded. Some of the members on the opposition side of the House were guilty of a gross dereliction of duty to the country, for they would simply damn the credit of the colony. if the vote was not rescinded. They were not asked to permanently rescind this vote, for it could be moved again the next night! (No, no.) Well, if hon. members liked to damn the credit of the country, let them do so. The hon. member for Fingal said that he could have found a weak Government, but that it would not have been advisable to do so. He (Mr. Rooke) did not profess to be a very great politician, but the best course would have been for the hon. members for Fingal and West Devon to have formed their Ministry. and to have announced their policy to the House. Then if this policy was not found acceptable to the House, they could have come to His Excellency the Governor and demanded, a dissolution. If this i course had been adopted, a dissolution must have taken place, for the Governor could not have refused a dissolution to the Ministry who went to him and said that they could not govern the country. His Excellency's advisors had adopted a right, proper, and constitutional course. Why he has given his vote against this want of confidence motion, was because he could not see how a Ministry could be found out of the Opposition. They then looked as if there was a want of strength in them, and there was no strength in them now. The only member on the Opposition side who had announced a policy at all was the hon. member for West Devon, who had spoken of relief to the Customs and free ports. The ports were free now. Did the hon. member think the merchants of Melbourne would land their goods here and store them in our warehouses The hon. member had certainly failed to make his argument clear to him. Did he imagine that McCulloch and Co., of Melbourne, for instance, would land their goods here, store them in our warehouses, sell them to Melbourne customers, and pay double freight on them, and even if this were (some, what revenue did the hon. member expect to get from this What population would this bring ? These goods would not be sold any cheaper here. There were the bonded warehouses in Melbourne where goods could be stored at a much lower rent than we could ever afford to store them for here. His own view of the matter was this. Taking the exigenciesofthecountryinto consideration, they ought to allow the Ministry to carry some measures through the House. It was impossible that these measures could be carried until the vote was rescinded, and there were some difficult financial matters demand- ing immediate attention. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said Sir, I have never risen with greater embarrassment to speak in this House than I rise with to-night. It is an | embarrassment which has many causes, but the chief cause is, that I rise under the depressing feeling necessarily occasioned by the hostile vote arrived at by the majority of this House on the 19th of July. It is impossible that any right-minded man, with good feeling, without any, embarrass ment, to rise and address a House, the majority of which have affirmed that they have no confidence in him nor in the Ministry of which he is a member. And, Sir,, the embarrassment has been heightened by the extraordinary course taken by Home of the hon. gentlemen who composed that majority. Sir, I had a right to expect, and my colleagues had a right to expect that, when this adverse vote was arrived at on the 19th of July 'last we should have been relieved of our office with the least possible delay, and I say that it was wholly unconstitutional, and highly improper for any sort of hon, gentlemen to submit a vote of want of confidence without being prepared at all risks to take the places of the men whom by this vote they sup planted. Sir, a vote of want of confidence has a distinct parliamentary and constitutional meaning. Every vote of this kind against a Ministry is a vote of confidence in their pre-determined successors in office. Quoting from a lengthy article from if'/ie Times, republished here a few days ago, I say that it is an elementary principle of parliamentary law, that every vote of want of confidence is a vote of confidence in the pre- determined successors of the Ministry. The hon. member for Fingal, and those who supported him, had no right to put forward this motion unless they were prepared to take the responsibility from which they have shrunk. They speak of the state of the finances of the country but instead of grappling them, or trying to grapple them, they shrink from the responsibility they pretended to court. Such conduct is unworthy of men calling themselves legislators. Instead of having to wait even three or four days, they should have been prepared in 24 hours to have crossed the House, and have taken their seats on these benches, and made at all events a fair and determined attempt to grapple with the difficulties, which they say we have failed to meet. It is because of all this that I am grieved and pained in attempting to stand up in my place in the House and apply for a lengthened continuance in office for myself and colleagues. I don't want to remain here subject to the hostile criticisms of the majority of the House : I would rather go to the other side of the House and gave a fair hearing and consideration to the proposals of our successors in office In putting this vote of want of confidence to the HOUSE, they should have been prepared to take the necessary political consequences of the vote. They were not prepared to do so, and now,' Sir, I say that the Government have a right to ask that this vote shall be struck out of the records of the House. The vote that these gentlemen proposed and carried out they have not the means to sustain. The business of the country cannot go on as if nothing had happened ; if this vote is rescinded, and at the first favorable opportunity, when their plans are matured, they can take the step they took too soon, and press upon the House a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry. The vote was ill timed, and ill conceived, although they no doubt, did not know then, what they subsequently discovered. In justice to the country, they should remove the result of their premature action, and bide their time to do legitimately what they have now done in an illegitimate way. They should not forget that being, as they are a majority of the House, they have in their hands the power to cheer any measure which, in their judgment, is improper, but, when attempting to do this, they must take upon themselves the responsibility. The hon. member for Westbury scouted to me, Sir, by the violence of his language; to make up for the weakness of his argument, (hear, hear), and the hon. members on the Opposition side of the House abstained from submitting, or giving us any idea of the measures they intended to propose in substitu- tion for those proposed by the present ministry. The hon. member for West Devon, I must say in fairness and candour, said to the House what his views were, and gave some idea of what he would submit to Parliament, but all the other hon. members on the same side abstained from this. The hon. member for Westbury said he was opposed to any ministry who proposed additional taxation. I have stated what I have, out of fairness to the hon. member for West Devon, but if the other members of the sixteen could be got to form an administration, I think we should find just as many policies as members. It is not fair to put it to the country " income tax or not !" The question is shall we have the income tax proposed by the Government, or what shall we have in its place. By this means the House will understand the question and the country too. If hon, member for West Devon, who guides the councils of the Opposition, puts forward his pro grauuito we shall see whether it will be accepted. He proposed to raise £100,000 a year by direct tax tion to supplement the general revenue and to remove a portion of the Customs duties. We propose the income tax. This will be something distinct to put before the country. At the present time it is impossible to tell the country what those who com- pose the majority of this House propose to do. I will take this opportunity to say a few words with reference to the state of the country, if the House will bear with me a few moments, and I will try to make our real position as clear as I can make it. This is a matter of the greatest importance, and it is desirable to be clear upon it. So far as I am able to judge, there appears to be a great deal of misapprehension prevailing outside the walls of this House. I propose to deal with the present state of the country, the causes that led to its present state, and the means proposed for a remedy, and I would like to put before the House a few facts and figures in connection with this question. There is a large amount of apprehension prevailing out of doors, and a great deal of ignorance has also been displayed by the public and a portion of the press in this community. In the first place a great deal has been said about the depression from which the country suffers. It is said that this has been brought about by the action of the legislature from time to time, by the work of this Parliament, and at the present moment, it is the fashion to affirm that the present depression is the result of the nial-ad ministration of the finances of this colony by my hon. friend the Colonial Treasurer. Now, Sir, I will ask is this the case or, not ! What are the causes of the depression that exists ? A very little research will enable us to find out three or four causes. One great cause of this depression is the closing of the markets in the other colonies for our produce, and a consequent falling off in price. A diminished market, diminished prices, and a falling off in the amount of our exports. It has been over and over again asserted that the exports have fallen off for the last few years to a very great extent, and that this is to be attributed to the had Government of the colony. For instance we will take the year that has so frequently been made a crucial one, by which to test the position of the colony -I mean the year 1857 because in this year £1,354,000 worth of produce was exported, and because in the year 1870 only £048,000 worth was sent out of the island. Because the exports have fallen off about one half in thirteen years, it was said that this was due to the bad Government of the colony. A very little enquiry will show the extent of this falling off, and its cause,- for in a certain class of articles we can find the whole of this diminution. I will invite hon. members who take an interest in this matter to look with me at one great cause for the depression which prevails in the northern part of the island. Take for instance flour in 1857 we exported £130,000 worth, while in the year 1870 we only exported £10,000 worth, showing a diminu- tion of £120,000 upon this single article, and now I will ask any fair-minded and reasonable man, if this enormous diminution can be attributed to any other cause than the one I have pointed out, namely, the competition we have had to contend with in other markets. This is simply with the particular article I mentioned. Then we come to timber, which was at one time a very great article of exportation from this colony. The decrease here has been equally remarkable. In the year 1857 we exported £133 000 worth of timber, while in 1870 the quantity only amounted to £37,000, thus showing a decrease of £90,000 upon this single article. I will now go to wool The decrease in the quantity is not great, but then there is the diminution in price to be considered. In 1857 £394,000 worth of wool was exported from Tasmania, while in 1870 the value was £230,000, showing a decrease of £142,000, leaving out the odd figures, upon this article alone. There was, as I said, not such' a great decrease in the value, but while in '1857 the price of wool was seventeen pence per pound; I in 1870, it was only thirteen pence. Grain is an article in the exporting of which there has been a great falling off, and this has affected the northern districts, in the grain growing part of the I island a good deal. In 1857 the grain exported was worth £224,000, while in 1870 the quantity had dwindled down to £03,000, making the decrease in the value of exported grain between these two years £101,000. The quantity upon examination will not be found lower, but the prices are not the same. More oats were sent out of the country in the year 1870 than in 1837, but the producers got less money for their produce. Those figures which I have read to the House will account for a great deal of the depression that exists in the cereal, or grain growing parts of the colony. I will not weary the House by going into too many figures. The, difference in the export of potatoes from 1857 to' 1870 was £34,000, and for horses, £68,000. Horses were once largely exported. Now, upon merely the six articles I have named, the de- . crease in the exports for the 13 years, from 1857 to 1873, is £621,000. Markets have been opened, where we used to find a ready sale for our exports and we are not able to get remunerative prices. The imports have also diminished, although the picture is not so bad upon one side, and it is gratis- fying to see that while the imports have diminished; every true colonist would have cause for congratulations and not for regret. The decrease is upon some articles that were largely imported, but it is not because there were no consumers, but because the articles were produced here. In the year 1857 the imports of cattle and sheep amounted to £11 6,000 and in 1870 £28,000, showing a decrease of £88,000. The malt imported in 1887 was £130,000 worth; while this article was produced here to such an extent that in 1870 the quantity imported only reached £65. Malt made in Tasmania is exported now in considerable quantities. There is also a great difference in the imports of malt liquors, and now the fame of our Tasmanian ale is well-known in the year 1857, £45,000 worth of malt liquor was imported, and in 1870 the aunt dropped to £7,000. In 1857 the value of imported butter and cheese was £25,000, while now these articles are largely exported. In 1857 the import of beef and provisions were valued at £28,QOO, new the amount was only t 6,000. The quantity of coal imported has fallen off very much indeed since the yoar>1857. By the producing of the articles I have raised in this colony, we save £220,000 a year, which we sent out of the country in 1837. The falling off in certain articles of local produce since 1857 was £111,000, and this included malt, hops, leather, jars, butter, and cheese. In every one of these articles there has been a steady increase in local production since that time. There is one other case I will mention which shows how difficult it is to arrive at by comparison what the real state of the colony was In 1837 we imported £158,000 worth of English made goods, and a large quantity of these were simply re-shipped and sent away chiefly to Victoria. At this time we were constantly receiving cattle and sheep from GippsLand, and we sent there sons of the English produce. Thus we have a 158,000 worth of exports which do not represent anything produced here, but which were simply re-shipments. What I have stated show how the state of the trade of the colony has uttered. But, Sir, some say that all this difference is due to the mal-administration of the finances of the colony. It is simply and entirely because Victoria and the other colonies which were engaged in little else but gold-producing before, have been able to turn their attention to other things, and to compete with us and close our market. There is still another cause for the depression which must not be forgotten, and that is the large withdrawal of Imperial expenditure. This commenced in the year 1833, and it has been very gradual in its operations. It is now simply a drop in the bucket, to what it was in the years antecedent to the gold discovery; the impetus given to trade by the gold discovery prevented us from feeling the immediate consequence of this withdrawal of the Imperial expenditure, and much of the depression of which we are nowadays plaining is due to this withdrawal. Then I will look at another cause of our depression, and that is the number of young and energetic members of the population who are drawn away from Tasmania by the superior attractions offered by the other colonies. Some people say that the Government does not offer a sufficient inducement to these young men to make them stop in the colony. Now these young men who have left, follow various occupations, some in OM business, and some in another, some are clerks, and some farmers. Could they be induced to stop here if we offered to give themSOacres of bush land each to to upon, such an attempt as this to keep them here would be looked upon with scorn and contempt Ufa' such action as this will induce our young men' to remain here, and no amount of legislation' will keep them in this colony in opposition to their pecuniary interests, if they once got babette elsewhere. There is another reajipn"whiçh has not been sufficiently noticed. I allude to the very great economy which is practised at tbq.pnjáent time by all classes of the community, and we can got a good deal of information on this point from the Customs returns In wealthy colonies, a large sum is spent in spirits, but here the amount thus spent ivory small. In Queensland, a, colony with a population more nearly approaching our own than any other. £140,000 a year in spent in spirits, while in Tasmania, after a dimMu? tion from year to year, our Customs revenue from spirits has dropped down to £3 ",000 a year'.' Now this is the direct result of the economy practised by all classes of the community. It is said that we are getting poor that we are going to the had, and that the colony is drifting into bankruptcy, and helpless ruin. I don't believe anything of the kind, and now I will take you a long way back to the time of the gold discoveries, when money was so plentiful, that men used to put £3 notes in sandwiches and eat them, us we are told I will go back to the year 1854 and have a look at the records of the Savings Banks. Then the total number of depositors was 3,015, and the total amount of deposits 27 1,000. In 1872, the same with all the depression and ruin which has been put before us to-night the number of depositors are 5,033, and the total of the deposits to their credit £100,000. Is this consistent with the general impression of depression and pauperism which prevails? Sir, it simply shows that a large class of the community are steadily saving their money. A large number of people put by from year to year money out of their incomes, people live on as little as possible and there is not so much money in circulation. But, Sir, the great question is how is the depression to be removed. One great panacea which seems to suggest itself to a large number of persons in this community is " retrenchment," and on this subject I have received letters from all parts of the colony, some of them written in the most agonised terms This " retrenchment " is quite a favourite word, but Sir do those people who use it, understand the meaning of it F There ison kind of retrenchment that really is retrenchment, and that is to go through the different departments and strike out the office, the superannuated and idle among those employed, lengthen the hours of work, and make them say from 9 to 5, instead of from 10 to 4\. and lot fewer hands do the whole of the work. Now Sir, I have been told by the hon. member for West Devon, that the government expenditure is £32,000 a year and that £5,000 could be struck off, but if this is done we shall add to the pension list % considerable part of what we expect to save in salaries. If we strike off those who are not entitled to pensions, we shall strike off the young, active and energetic. If We strike off the young men, they will either drift away from the. colony, or if they are without means they may become MtVdons on the State, and the saving to the country would be an appreciable There is a much bolder course suggested, for it has been proposed that we should begin with the £5,600 now voted i to municipalities, and strike it off. But if that is done what will be the result? In the first place there is the £1,200 a year contributed to the Hobart Town police, which will be withdrawn, and the population will have to pay a threepenny rate. Then there will be the £700 for the Launceston police also withdrawn, and in the same way through the country. It is of no use taking the burdens from one shoulder to shut them to the other; such a course as this will be of no value to the country. If the £5,500 is to be paid by the people, it may just as well be paid at once, and you will gain notes i i i" i if, for the colony by striking out this vote. One other proportion is to dock the education grant of £16,000 a year. But if this is done, the expense will have to be borne by local rates, and in the end it will be a 'ION to the colony. The votes to be submitted to Parliament will not be so large, but there will he no real paving. If the cost of education has to he borne by local rates, collectors will have to be employed to get the rates in. Than there is another plan for retrenchment the proposed abolition of Port Arthur. His suggested that the prisoners should be brought here and employed upon public works, in order to offset a saving, and hon. members intend to discuss this question. Whatever change of Ministry there may be, this matter will be discussed, and hon. mem- ber! will have every information before them when they deal with this question. In the first place I cannot see that there will be much saving by this manner, for we must have buildings of greater security unless the proposal by the hon. member for West Devon to send them to Schouten Island, there to be employed in polishing granite with blacking brushes was adopted. If Port Arthur is broken up we shall re- quire other buildings, as then the bad character-men still not be employed at works out of doors It is said that they do nothing now, but I can tell hon. BBecnVers that they earn £5,000 a year, besides the amount received from the Imperial Government Bataan will soon be laid upon the table of the House to show what is being done there. If we adopt the much-lauded plan followed in the Dunedin pool, Port Arthur would be a large property to the country. If we charge these men in the gaol at 6s. per day, and the Maories at 2s. per day, as they do here, we should be able to show that this Port Arthur was a great blessing to the community. I don't believe there is any hope of relief from this cures, except as the prisoners die out. I do not, however, believe that Port Arthur can be maintained for more than 4 or 6 years from the present time. Sir, I have a strong desire to see the colony resuscitated, to see a healthy state of the finances. We are told that we have no fixed financial policy, and that what we propose at one time was alter at another, I Na willing to take my share of the blame which has keen said attaches to us, and I can only say I wish a new Ministry coming to this House, situated as this colony is at the present time, will have a fixed financial policy. I have learned from past experience that what we may propose this year will have to he re-considered in the next, and what is re- considered Best year will have to be taken into consideration year after year. The hon. member for West Hobart claimed that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had taken his financial policy as stated in 1866, but no one with My knowledge can possibly suppose it. The expenditure of the countryatthat time required extra taxation, said the country supported the hon. the Colonial Treasurer in the reductions which were voted. But I do not wish to introduce this question at this time. The question is whether the business of the country is to be proceeded with. I should just like, in conclusion, to say a few words about the future of the colony. I desire to protest against the cry which has been raised that we are going to bankruptcy and min. I do not believe it. (Hear, hear.) I hope koo. members of this House will be of opinion that the motion carried on the 20th July was inappropriate, that it was untimely and that before passing a vote of want of confidence they should have been in a position to undertake the business of the country, and I hope they are prepared to vote for the rescinding of that resolution. There (a Qoe question, the Launceston and Western Railway, which should have been dealt with and disposed of. Through fortuitous occurrences between the North and the South, the House has taken a course which will prevent the district from being called upon in January for one-half the year's rate, but it is necessary to legislate upon the question to enable the Government to meet the expenditure upon that railway. Sir, I affirm that the rescinding of the resolution does not involve a change of principles on the part of those who voted for the motion, or any change of opinion. You are asked to erase this resolution from the records of the House, in order that the public business may be proceeded with, reserving to yourselves the right to ness, the resolution on a future day. We wish to see to the future of the country, and I do hope that everyone will do the best in their power to assist us. Sir, I do not like those two ugly words) repudiation and bankruptcy, and I trust it will be many years before we arrive at anything so serious. I believe Tasmania can support a much larger population than it has. I have shown, Sir, that we are absolutely saving £220,000 a year which was formerly sent out of the country, and that the exports have improved by local production to the amount of about £115,000 a year. We have hops and Tasmanian wheat which had brought better prices than Adelaide wheat, which we had always considered as our most formidable competitor. There (are means whereby men will be bound to the soil. And then, Sir, we have mineral resources, and the gold returns showed that we have exported during the last fifteen months about £25,000 worth. This was a beginning, and it may become much better. Then we may hope to see an increase in our export of other minerals. We have coal mines, and whether they are worked by local men or Melbourne men, They will add to the wealth of the colony. All these things will be doing some good. Then, Sir, we have the Launceston and Western Railway, and I have ÎPÇ*1 hopes for the future of that line. I believe that, with proper management will not only pay working expenses, but assist to recoup the money which has been expended on it. (No, No.) I have also great hopes for the Main Line Railway. The hon! member for Glamorgan has been consistent in my opposition to that scheme, but the colony was committed to it, and I hope that any attempt to (withdraw or interfere with the construction of that work will not be sanctioned. I do not hesitate to say that our expenses must be diminished, but I do not believe in Smith, Jones, and Brown running to their friends in Parliament to ask them to increase their alleges- There must be no log-rolling and if hon. members will do their duty, the Ministry will be able V> do something in the way of reducing the expenditure. We shall be able to borrow our money on easier terms than before. We shall be paying 5 percent, where we paid 6 per cent, and we have hopes that we shall borrow money on still easier terms. Then as the pensioners died away their pensions would be, saved. All these things should be taken into consideration, and, Sir, I believe that we may fairly hope to see this colony resume its position as the fairest of the colonies, and like most pleasant to live up, as the noblest of the Australian colonies. ' Mr. GRAY after censuring the remarks of the member for Richmond, in connection with the press, and referring to the vote of want of confidence in Ministers, and having recapitulated the circumstances that preceded the vote, said it was because Ministers desire to that House and proposed a tax which they had always theretofore condemned that the, hon. member for Fingal brought forward a .^resblujlon of went of confidence, which had met with the approbation of that House. The hon. member for Fingal since the passing of that ¡rskilutton had been twitted for not having been able toTofma Ministry, but that hon. gentleman had iMJoqr descended to intrigue to displace the present holders s office, for to form a Ministry in thirsted, but had that hon. member succeeded, he would with his aojosgues have done his best to relieve the jBo'ontry from the depressed position in which it was at present placed, and he (Mr. Gray) said that all that hon- gentleman's efforts to do so reflected the "Tinghae credit upon him, and this without doing its fljigbtest'injustico to Ministers. But because the hon,, member failed, was that a reason for his being twitted with that Surely a general, misdirecting his artillery so that no breach was made in the enemy's camp was no argument against fortifications And gunnery. It might be said the officer was a bad Judge, but he should not be blamed, unless indeed he had taken up a position at the One Tree Point Battery, A work commenced without the sanction or authority Callao Legislature, and one which, after an expends care of s, 200, had to be abandoned. But if the efforts of the hon. member for Fingal had failed to form a Christy's, so also had the ministerial policy soiled, and the House had resolved that the Ministers had no fixed fiscal policy. If the Ministers, instead of coming down to the House and seeking to impose additional burdens on the small property holders of the colony, had remodelled, recast, and reconstructed ,(fee. departments and institutions of the State, the Aepnort and maintenance of which formed formidable total of the estimates of expenditure submitted to 'the House, when they would have met a cordial support. If Ministers had encouraged colonial indus- tries! taken offensive roBlriotionB off the trade and commerce of the island, if they had proposed to fsHeve the Customs, thrown open the fishing grounds around the Peninsula that are within easy and profitable reach of the poor boatmen of the city, and by a more liberal and enlightened 'land law, settled the native youth in their native soil, then instead of seeing Tasmania bleeding from every vein, and fainting beneath a load of taxation, they would not now be called upon to perform disagreeable and distasteful duty. If, however, tasJnisters thought because they had got possession of the state coach, and run all competition off the road, that they were to have a continuous and vested in Itfest in their seats they were mistaken. For himself we would rather do without the coach, and go afoot in search of other and better political guides, than accept those who had held office previous to, as well pie present ministry, who had now placed before the House, the appalling fact that their public debt (has £1,328.400 that the Crown land had been sold to the tune of fi.ll 824, and that the taxpayers of the colony not numbering more than 20,000 bread arranges between the ages of 21 and CO, bad now to pay the piper. It was absolutely requisite that the Jantire departments of the state would be remodelled and reconstructed beforeminUterscamo to the country to place additional burdens upon it, and it was the bounden duty of the Government to shew that they had exhausted every means of reduction and economy i refers they came to that House with a scheme for (increased taxation, and no Ministry could ever retain (office, if they should prove themselves to remodel and reconstruct the whole of the present departmental isttrsngements, and greatly alter the present mode of administration of their charitable funds. Now, what did the rescinding of the no-confidence resolve .tkmmeanf. It meant neither departmental recon restrictions nor a more equitable mode of distribution M taxation ; it meant no relief through the Customs ; it meant that the hard-working industrious sons of the soil should pay not only heavy taxes now imposed on the necessaries of life, but a property tax in addition, as it meant more than the, for it threatened the a Majority with political degradation, and by the annihilation of their independence the destruction of that I united action, which, if they stood together, was powerful enough to resist any system of Government tending to destroy the best interests of the colony. Let them look at the trade of the port. It was gone, and their harbours were deserted, and though the commercial fleet of England ploughed all seas ; though England's navy floated in triumph in every clime ; not one sail was anchored in the Derwent, Where also, was their colonial built marine ? Where was that list of shipping lately laid upon the table of the House in pursuance of a motion of his own? Were they not gone to seek freight and employment in other colonies P Let them look also at the lands, at one time giving large crops, and see how many thousands of acres were now thrown out of cultivation, whilst their native youth had to seek in other colonies the home denied to them in the land of their birth, and notwithstanding the sums spent in introducing immigration into the colony, they found that the immigrants introduced were not horn now that they had left here, and simply because there was no employment for them in the colony, and yet the ministries had continued to increase the public burdens of the colony while all this was going on, but failing to move the hearts of their rulers, but inspiring them instead to add to suffering Tasmania's debt and taxation, their difficulties and their affiio tions. It reminded him of the man who was some years ago cast ashore in New Zealand, who was com- forted by being told that it was the law of the country to first bleed a stranger cast upon their shores, then to skin him, then to roast him, and then to eat him. True they had not come to the eating process here yet, but Tasmania had been well bled and blistered by debentures and debt, and well skinned. (Laughter.) And what was the use of professing an anxiety to settle the country by planting on the soil an industrious yeoman population, whilst those who had struggled to make a home in the forest and in the wilderness, had had their homes sold by order of the Crown. Bat a spirit of independent opposition had at length been aroused, and one which he trusted would force the present or any other Cabinet to abandon that political creed, which was summed up in the words, taxation," taxation," until a thorough reform was carried into effect throughout the entire ramifications of Government. But whether the result of the division that night would be such as to leave Ministers in the occupation of their places, or send hon. members to their constituents, the question would be now shortly decided, and should it result in an appeal to the con- stituencies, he should have no objection to meet the electors of West Hobart, and leave the issue in their hands for them to say if he had done his duty to them and to the country, freeing- then, the policy of the present and of previous administrations, was a policy of year after year increasing the burden of the people, seeing also that Ministers wished to govern the country by power distinct from responsibility, he should give his vote against the resolution now proposed by the hon. the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. DOUGLAS said that was the first occasion he had had an opportunity of addressing the House during the present state of affairs, and therefore he was anxious to hear the views of both sides of the House before he undertook to express his opinion as regarded the present position. He was glad that he had taken that course, because he had been enabled to arrive at an opinion, and he trusted that he should do his duty on this occasion. They meet be- aware what had brought them into that position. The motion that had been tabled that night was not likely to affect the opinions of hon. members, or alter their views. He was perfectly aware, and he was sure that all the members of the Ministry must be aware, that if it was hoped that the resolution, in any shape, would induce an alteration of opinion, they must have been deceived. Nor did he believe that the resolution, in any form, would induce hon. members to alter their opinions simply as a right, or lead them considering the pro- sent state of affairs, to rescind that resolution. (Hear, hear.) Before 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the majority had come to a decision as to the course they would adopt; therefore it was only for the purpose of stating what the opinions of Ministers were that the meeting was of any use whatever that evening. The last speaker had addressed himself to the duty of upholding the vote of want of confidence proposed by the hon. member for Fingal. He said the hon. member for Fingal had taken a most upright, proper, and intelligent course in the manner he acted on this occasion. Mr. GRAY : In reference to the formation of an Administration. Mr. DOUGLAS was coming to that. Yes, in reference to the formation of an Administration. He thought it was a very wrong course to adopt to bring forward a motion of want of confidence without being prepared with the necessary materials to form another Ministry. (Oh, oh, and hear, hear.) He went on to refer to the hon. member for West Hobart saying that they had met before, and be hoped they would meet again. He was going to state his opinion as regarded the motion of the hon. member for Fingal. It appeared to him that the hon. member for Fingal, and those who acted with him, took a very improper course in ousting the present Ministry before they were prepared to supply gentlemen to take their places. There was no question about it. Whoever heard of a vote of want of confidence being passed either in the colonies or in England, and then going to the Governor and asking for a dissolution because they were unable to form a Ministry P What were they going to their constituents for? What would they be able to tell them ? The gentleman who load the Opposition-for he supposed that the mover of the want of confidence motion was considered the leader of the Opposition had told them nothing about what they had to go to their constituents for. The hon. member for West Devon had given his opinion about what should be done, but his programme did not appear to meet the views of the majority of the Opposition, as he judged from conversations he had from time to time with a large proportion of the members. The hon. member for Fingal had not told them one word. The hon. member for West Hobart had told them that they were to go to their constituents with a reorganisation of the departments, hut, on the Attorney-General had said, if they did that they would only leave about £4,000 or £5,000. The hon. member for West Devon had said that it was impossible in any shape or form to reorganise the departments. The expenses of the department were matters for the Government, and not Parliament. Their embarrassments were to be placed to the Launceston and Western Railway, which made them liable for a serious amount, and the Government were not responsible for that. Some members would say they were responsible for the small crops in the western districts, or for the thistles growing in the fields. The hon. member for West Hobart would say they were responsible for the land going out of cultivation, but was the hon. member willing to join an administration on the same terms as the hon. member for Fingal-all work and no pay. They did not see that glorious example. Why did he not come forward and say he was willing to take his position. It appeared to him a strange proceed- ing in that House to see persons receiving the reward of their labours. Why did be not come forward P It appeared as if he liked to teach, but did not like to follow his own teaching. He (Mr. Douglas) would soon find employment for all pensioners who were able to work, by sending them on to the Launceston and Western Railway. (Laughter.) There was nothing like economising labour, and if he had his way, every pensioner should go and work on that railway. (Laughter.) They could then deduct some | £3,000 or £4,000 from that department. Mr. MEREDITH: What about the Acting Chief Justice P Mr. DOUGLAS replied that he had nothing to do with that, but he would like to see the salary of the Acting Chief Justice reduced. Hon. members would be aware that he (Mr. Douglas) had always opposed an income and property tax. But there had been a change of circumstances since that was introduced many years ago. Parliament had incurred certain liabilities. Those liabilities must be met and the only way to meet those liabilities was by imposing taxation upon those who were best able to bear it. He had received a communication from one of his constituents, and a very influential one too, who told him that if he was in favour of the income tax his seat would be imperilled. His opinion was that under the present circumstances, an income tax was inevitable. It might not come for some time, but it was inevitable, Not in the way hon. member for West Devon put it though, who wished the income tax to take the place of all other taxation. He (Mr. Douglas) could not understand the hon. member that for every 2s. 6d. in taxes he was going to give the people 3s. in exchange. Something like Wat Tyler, who was going to give the people of England a Id. loaf for 9d., and a 3d. glass of beer for land. He thought it was simply an allegory, like many other remarks that evening. The Ministry was a " Stage coach," according to some hon. members, and a " stale ship." So far as he (Mr. Douglas) could see, their taxation must be increased. The Customs had fallen off. In 1853 or 1854 the duty on spirits realised £9,000 a year; at the present moment it only reached to about £37,000 a year. Was that the fault of the Ministry, and were they the cause of that P They had to deal with the expenses to the best way they could. Supposing the resolution was not rescinded, and the present Ministry had to appeal to the country, the elections would take six weeks; admitting that Ministers are returned, and when the House met, another vote of want of confidence was carried a new Ministry would go into office, and they would have to be re-elected, and the result would be that Parliament, so far as legislation is concerned, would be postponed for three months. If the vote was withdrawn they would be placed in almost the same position. He could not understand it. it was very peculiar how the debate originated that night. After the statement of the Colonial Treasurer, the hon. member for Richmond got up, and then the hon. member for West Hobart, using very strong language, followed. The matter had been placed before the country in a wrong light altogether, but it would not alter any opinions. It was simply to allow the affairs of the country to get into confusion to the present emergency. In three months they had to meet a payment of £40,000 interest on the railway, and the Government had to meet another £12,000 in January. The COLONIAL TREASURER : It was due on the 1st of this month. Mr. DOUGLAS continued that there was then £48,000 there, and how was it to be provided for., The hon. member for West Hobart said there was, nothing to show for all this expenditure. The Paris ligament of Canada got a debit and credit aooonntJ f placed before them every year on the crtlmatêa/snd -says---" -as the money void for roads and public works on the debit side, and the money received from public works on the credit side. It was said that large sums of money were accumulated in the colony, and if the colony was determined to have railways, and electric telegraphs, and public buildings, and roads, they must pay for them- Were they stippled because they had to pay for them P That appears to be our present position, They would have to expend £400,000 on the Main Line Railway, and were they to get nothing for it P It was certainly a very difficult position they were in at present. Supposing the main line did not pay, were the Government to be charged with that F Did not Parliament sanction the Ministry doing these sort of works ? If he had been present when the vote of want of confidence was proposed, he would have supported the Government. He considered that until there were gentlemen prepared to replace the Ministry, the want of confidence motion ought not to have been brought before the House. At the present moment the Opposition was composed of three or four distinct parties, and still they banded together to displace the present Ministry. It was a most extraordinary position. He was perfectly satisfied that the result that evening would be 16 to 13, and nothing would alter it. (Laughter.) The Appropriation Bill had to be passed for the payment of the public servants, and to provide money to recoup the treasury far sums which were paid away every year. In his opinion, too, it was necessary that Parliament should legislate on the matter before the Government could under- take the working of the Launceston and Western Railway. He knew it was no use to expect the members of the Opposition to alter their views with re- spect to the vote of want of confidence. They had decided upon their course before half-past 3 that afternoon. At the same time he feared that those gentlemen had not properly considered the position which they would place the country in supposing the Ministry was defeated on this occasion. There was an old saying, which read, wise men change their opinions, fools never." (Laughter.) Therefore they had a right to think that if the Opposition stuck to their opinions they were far from being wise men. There were some old birds in the House who had got the hon. member for Fingal and made a catspaw of him. Another old saying was that " fools rushed in where angels fear to tread." He did not say the hon. member for Fingal had been placed in that position, but there was no doubt the old birds had used him for their purpose. He (Mr. Douglas) did not think he intended to go into the Ministry himself, but would be willing to have a seat in the Cabinet, and it was a very wise thing, for if his (Mr. Douglas's) opinion he was fit for nothing else. (Laughter.) Then there was the gentleman who seconded the resolution who was a most powerful and able member of that House, and in every sense was on honour to that House. He (Mr. Douglas) understood the hon. member for Brighton to say that the Government would do nothing until the vote was rescinded, but he hoped that such would not be the case, because it would bring on a deadlock, and the country would suffer. He hoped that the members of the Government would yield. He considered that the Ministry was a good one, but he considered that it was injurious to constitutional Government for any party to hold the reins of power too long. He thought the present Ministry had been in office quite long enough, and he would have been glad to have given his support to the members of the Opposi- tion had they been prepared to carry on the Government. He had never sought to be on administrator, and he hoped he never should, but be considered it unfair to taunt members of Government that they took office merely far pay. It must be a great difficulty for the Treasurer to hold that position, and he was sure that the Attorney-General was not to be envied in the position in which he was placed. The financial difficulties of the country must be annoying to the Treasurer, and must cause him anxiety day and night. After referring to the late election at Launceston, the hon. member said public meetings were no sign of the opinion of the country. He referred to the agitation in favour of annexation to Victoria, instancing the demand which had been made by Mr. Butt on behalf of Ireland, that that country should have a Provincial Parliament to deal with all local matters, and let the Imperial Parliament deal with national questions, he asked was it likely that Victoria would annex Tasmania on the same terms, and after descanting upon this point, went on to say that the course the present Ministry took in changing their policy was a wrong one. He considered they were bound to adhere to it whether right or wrong, they should have shown confidence in other parties who supported them. He presumed, however, that the Treasurer fancied he was in the House of Commons and that he might safely take a leaf out of the book of Bob Lowe as that statesman had substituted an Income Tax for a match tax after finding the latter was not acceptable. Now they all know the evils of a bad example, and the difficulties to which it often gave rise, but this was not all in this Ministry, they had no William E. Gladstone to charm them with his eloquence The hon. the Attorney-General, however eloquent, is not able to carry the House with him as that master of eloquence, William Ewart Gladstone, does; and the Colonial Treasurer's measures having been attended by a failing revenue, he has now to reap the result. So far as he was concerned he could not understand why the Opposition were so obstinate, or why they should be so rabid. _ The Opposition was composed of at least three diverse parties. The first of these were what might be called the Ketrenohers, because they proclaimed themselves in favour of effecting retrenchment by whatever means, then there was the rabid Free Ports party. He should like to know what they meant, and what was to be the distinction of free ports here. Then there was another party who were for making the prisoners and the paupers reproductive. He considered all this absurd on the extreme, for, except they adopted the plans of Napoleon I. and poisoned the poor wretches, he did not see how they were to be relieved of the burden. Look at Launceston for example, let them get the poor creatures in the Hospital, and then how easy it would be to get rid of them, so also here at the Hospital, the Brickfields', or the cascades. TheB as regards the orphan children, there was no difficulty in getting rid of them before their period, but he did not approve of this course. He believed, however, that a considerable reduction in the cost might be effected. He did not believe in the present system on the contrary be rather approved of the Scotch system of hiring or farming the children out. He looked upon the Orphan Asylum as simply an encouragement to vice. He considered that people should be taught to support their own children instead of" showing" them into the asylum. They saw the result of the Poor Law System in England. If Tom got relief, Sam thought he also was entitled to it, and if Polly got relief, Jane considered she was entitled to the same. So here when one poor neighbour found another's child in the Asylum, the former thought his should be there also, and in this the clergy assisted. He did not mean to imply the clergy had anything to do with the Orphan Children, (laughter), but they certainly encouraged the mothers to send them to the asylum, on the plea of their poverty, and by telling them that they would be better cared for at the asylum, than they could provide for them- at home, and so the result was that the child went to the asylum. He believed, that the greater number of the orphan children pertained to Hobart Town and its immediate neighbourhood, (no, no), He had no doubt of it, for this was supported by a return he had obtained some years ago, and it showed that nine-tenths of the orphan children belonged to Hobart Town and its immediate vicinity. It appeared from the returns made by the Charitable Commissioner whoever he was, he believed he was Mr. Tarleton or some one else that some 300 persons received relief at Hobart Town, whereas at Launceston there were only 35 such persons relieved. As regard " Sturdy Beggars" to which an hon. member had elegantly compared the promoters of the Launceston and Western Railway, he believed that they were very conspicuous outside of this House as he had that afternoon seen a number of them near the Telegraph Office men who were well able to work, but who preferred getting their support through the charitable institutions of the town rather than by honest labour and to whom such charity was a welcome boon enabling them to evade labour. He would give assistance where it was actually necessary, but in no other case, and not one day longer than it was necessary. As a general rule, men did not work for mere pleasure. They all looked forward to the day, when they would be able to retire from labour, and why should not the poor man do the same P If the poor man could retire from labour by getting relief from the charitable Commissioner why should be not do so. Men would, when it was necessary, work in proportion to the payment they received, but if he could got his mesh, bis eating, drinking, and sleeping free he would not work at all. There was no getting over this. He know that these remarks were rather a digression from the matter before the House, but as this was the first occasion on which he had had the opportunity of addressing the House on this subject and as it would probably be the last, for he supposed there would be a dissolution, he had rather transgress the rule which he had always laid down for himself to confine his remarks strictly to the subject. He trusted, however, that hon. members had listened to what he had said, though if he were to take from the present time till noon next day, he did not consider that any thing he might say would alter their determination. He hoped the Ministry would make their statement to night, and not be so obstinate as the opposition, and that they would both unite in passing such measures, as were absolutely necessary to carry on the business of the country. If he were supported by a precedent he would move an amendment to the motion, but this he did not think he would do with proprioy as it was contrary to the ussgss of Parliament. And if the hon. the Attorney-General was not the greatest of hypocrites he considered that he would sanction the view he took. He however, could not take the same sanguine view as the Attorney-General did, with regard to the future prosperity of the colony. Be believed that the position, of the colony, especially on the Northern side of the island was actually desperate, and he believed that such a state of things had not occurred since he had been in the colony a period of now thirty years. He believed that on the North side of the island a large proportion of land would eventually fall into the hands of the mortgagees. He felt that the £16,000 a year which it was now proposed to raise from the railway district would not and could not be paid, He knew from his own experience that there w^«grf4«el diminution of the tenant farmers, and that of those who remained in their holdings many did so merely on sufferance, only- ing on Providence that something would turn up to enable them to fulfil their engagements and got out of their difficulties. No man expected now to got the rent mentioned, but he simply awaited the results It was a fearful prospect, but still it was only too true, and for his own part he wished it were different, The productions of the northern district were, butter, but what use was that when he could not sell it far more than 3d. or 4d. per lb" than there *.. oats, but though it cost at least 25. per bushel to grow them they were selling at 4s 10d. per bushel. With the knowledge of all these facts forcibly impressed upon him he could scarcely agree with the hon, the Attorney-General in his sanguine anticipa- tions as to the future of the colony. (Cheers.) Mr. WILSON: Before the debate closed he would make a short statement of the reason for, altering the vote he gave on a former occasion. He gave his vote then upon the distinct understanding that the Opposition could form a Ministry, but as he could not see that could be carried out, he would vote for the proposition of the hon the Colonial Treasurer. , Mr. BELBIN said that if the explanation which had been given by the Minister of Lands on the present occasion had been offered by the Colonial Treasurer on a former occasion, he would have voted with the Ministry, but when be found that at one time a charitable rate of nine-pence, in the pound had been proposed, and afterwards altered, he felt compelled to vote for the resolution of the member for Fingal, and he could not sacrifice his self-respect by altering his vote now. Mr. O'REILLY said that nothing had been said to alter his views as formerly expressed. Mr. COX believed that the Ministry would show that they had the good of the country at heart, and would aid in carrying out the current obligations of the colony. Mr. YOUNG trusted that even yet more hon. members would follow the manly and independent example of the hon. member for Oatlands. He believed that every member was entitled to Mima that, when the vote was proposed by the Opposition, they were prepared to form a Ministry, and had he been one of the 16, and not in their councils, he would, on finding them so unprepared, have acted as the hon. member for Oatlands had done. There was, at the present time, three most important meaanrM before the.Hou»«-the.question of intercolonial free trade, the Launceston and Western Railway, and the Main Line Railway and he thought, as any man of business would think, that those measures could be better carried out by the Ministry, who had hitherto had them in charge, than by any new Government. Although the hon. member for Fingal was a personal and valued friend of his, he was surprised and annoyed to hear him state, and he had taken his words down, that when he moved the resolution he had not had any communication with the other members of the Opposition, and he said advisedly, although they were all to be thrown upon their constituents (laughter), that the situation had been most unwisely forced upon the country. He should support the vote he gave on the last occasion. MR. HOUGHTON, said it might be the last time he addressed the House. (Laughter)- He did not say so from fear, because the district of Ringwood would contrast favorably with any district in Tasmania. He had the honour to represent that district, which numbered 2,000 souls, and he was sure that if the district again called upon him, he would be returned, notwithstanding that Ringwood had been vilified by the scoundrel who had already been punished for vilifying other good men. (Laughter). He was sorry to see turncoat in the house, and they might yet be wanting state. Although he was no party to getting up an opposition, he was prepared to defend and support the hon. member for Fingal, and believed that if that gentleman had been first sent for a ministry would have been formed. The COLONIAL TREASURER said As it is desirable that hon. members should come to a decision on this question, I rise to offer a few remarks upon what has been said during the debate of this evening. If hon. members are not prepared to rescind this vote, the responsibilities of the country, the Appropriation Bill to pay the salaries of the public officers, and the money due to contractors of the government will fall upon them. If hon. members are not prepared to rescind this resolution, the whole of the responsibility of these matters must rest upon themselves. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members have read, I have no doubt, very carefully, the minute of His Excellency the Governor, and the minute of the Premier, on behalf of myself and colleagues. We accepted office on the condition that Parliament rescinded the resolution of want of confidence, and enabled us to pass those measures necessary for the sustaining of the credit of the country. But sir, if hon. members will not let us proceed with this business, and if they will let the credit of the colony be ruined the responsibility must rest with them. (An hon. member : " Why was not Parliament called together on the 16th of May ?'') The hon. member asks me an impertinent question, and one that I am not called upon to answer. I am here in my place to ask the House to rescind a vote which prevents myself and my colleagues from submitting measures which are absolutely necessary for the welfare of the country. It has been asked why we did not advise a dissolution. Sir, the time may come when we shall consider this question, but it has not yet come, although this is not the question now before the House. I have been taunted with having broken all the pledges and promises I ever made, and the hon. member for West Devon says that I have made no reduction, but have added to the taxation of the country. This has been repeated by the hon. member for Westbury, and, Sir, what with the misrepresents tion inside the House and outside the House, the office I hold is almost a burden to me, If hon. members will look at the matter justly, they will see that the hon. member for West Devon left office with a deficiency of £30,010, and left the interest upon this sum to be provided for by his successors. The hon. member says I broke a pledge I gave and doubled the stamp and package duties, but I did redeem my pledge to the fullest extent I could. When I made my declaration in 18661 spoke of the affairs of the colony as they were then, and could not foresee all the increased liabilities which Parliament has sanctioned. There has also been the great decline in the revenue from Customs. During the period of his administration he derived £127,000 revenue from the Customs, while now it had dwindled down to £47,000. It was necessary to increase the package duties, as the spirit duties had fallen off, and the engagements of the country had to be met. I should have been glad to reduce those duties. I have never lost a chance of bringing down the expenses of the country. I have asked hon. members where the estimates could be reduced, and to-night it has been said that I would never allow them to do so. This has been in cases where I have pointed out to the House the injustice of what was proposed to be done. When the hon. member came to me and suggested that there should be a committee appointed to investigate the question of the municipal police arrangements, I told him I thought there could be a reduction there. There might be £5,000 a year saved in this, but it would have to be done by careful enquiry. It it my duty as Treasurer to point out where reductions have been made, and where further reductions can be made, and with regard to the reduction of some of the departments I feel it my duty to refer to some of these. In the Assembly, Council, Colonial Secretary's, Treasurer's, Audit, Store, and Customs Departments, reductions have been made to the amount of £4,498, the total having been reduced from £19,973 to £15,475. With regard to the Land Department the salaries were reduced from £15,116 to £11,329, showing a reduction of £3,787, Those were all made since I have been in office. Then there was the first attempt to reduce, the salary and allowances of future Governors of this colony. This was passed in 1867, and sent home, and the Royal assent was refused. It has been passed now, and we have a prospective reduction of £2,500 a year, as the salary of our future Governors will be £4,000 in place of £6,500. Then there are the churches. When I went into office the amount on the estimates for the churches was £17,889, and now it is only £8,373. We have now only a few gentlemen enjoying salaries. There are the £100,000 borrowed by Parliament at 6 per cent, for the churches, and I expect this interest can be reduced to 4 per cent. so there will be a considerable saving there. 'All this has been done since I took office, and yet all this has been said. Such is public life in Tasmania, to be misrepresented in the House and out of it Sir, I can also refer hon. members to the police department, In 1859 when I took office the expenditure was £17,305 and now it is only £14,003 making a saving of £3,302. I have a desire to see the credit of the country sustained ; but if hon. members will not assist the Government to do so, the responsibility rests with them. The resolution was then put, and the House divided, with the following result : Ayes114. Chapman Giblin , Butler Sharland Mitchell Rooke v Hodgson. Lewis Shorey ? . . ,. i , Young' Douglas!, ) Swan (teller) . , Wilson Salier. I . ? ' ' . Noes 15. . i ' Meredith " ' Gellibrand ' Jackson' ' ' ' Thomas . , J. R. Scott, James Scott," Millar Whitehead ' Gray7 , Houghton Cox Gregson Lette O'Reilly Belbin (teller). The resolution was therefore negatived. The COLONIAL TREASURER moved that the House do now adjourn. Mr. MEREDITH: till wheat The, COLONIAL TREASURER: My motion is clear and distinct that this House do now adjourn. The House adjourned at 21 minutes to 4? o'clock. 