THE ANTIQUITr OF THE OCEANIC RACES. . (From the Pacific Commercial AdvertiserJ IT bas been asked-what areyour evidences of tho antiquity of mun on the Hawaiian Islands ? I will answer. . Tho first discovery of any evidences of man's antiquity in these islands was in the year 1822, during the first successful effort in digging a well at Honolulu. This was made by Joseph Navarro, in his yard near the Bethel. Too well was dug through eight or ten feet of loam and volcanic sand to the coral bed and about tho samo distance through tho coral. About the middle of the coral strata, a human thigh bone was found embedded in a compact mass of coral, and lower down in ono of the cavities a human skull was found " in good order and preservation, but darker than a new skull. It evidently had soiiie strength in it, as it wus kicked about by tho boys," is tho language of Mr. James Hunnewell, who ; communicated, tho information to the'Hawaiian Olub fapers. In the second well, dug about the sam* year 1822, on the W. H. Davis or Brewer premises, on Fort-street, " the substrata proved to bethe same as in tho former case, and the coral was full of cavities, from which wore taken a num- ber of bones of a man's hand or foot. None of the cavities of the coral communicated with the surface." And it must bo borne in mind that tho coral was covered with several feet of successive strata of volcanic sand, marking probably several ages of eruption. , In 1867, J. G. Osborn, Esq., the architect, in excavating a well at tho brick yard at Mana mana, adjoining Honolulu, after passing I through' the loom and various' layers of black volcanic sand and lava which marked the'pnst ¡ages of eruption of Puowaina, discovered, a human skull several feet below the surface. The ancient Hawaiian, to whom it belonged, had probably been, fishing on tho reef, long ugeB ago, on tfiej first eruption of Punchbowl, and before Herculaneum and Pompeii wcro whelmed beneath the lava of Vesuvius. Several years smoo a Iranian tooth was found embedded iii a compact moss of lava near tho pali.. The man to whom it pertained had lived previous to thc great convulsions that-formed that gorgo and precipice, and tho fnsed lava hnd boen moulded round thc tooth by Pele, who no doubt proved rather a rough dentist. On the elevated plain lying, between Ewa and. "Waialua, many remnants of man have been discovered several feet below the present lovel of the soil, and hi the remains ot' shells and debris, as well as various evidences of man, aimil ir to the Icjocckken moedding (kitchen leavings), on the Danish shores. The Hawaiian shell mounds show greater antiquity, for they aro deeply covered by diluvial deposits. These evidences point to a remote period, when man was an inhabitant of Oahu. The last appearance of Pele on any of the Islands of tho group, except Hawaii, was at Haleakala, on Mani, according to tradition in times long past. There is no tradition of the eruption ot Punchbowl among thc Hawaiian people. Prom every indication it has been long ages extinct. An alluvial soil, consisting of loam and vegetable mould several feet thick, has been formed over the last eruptive strata. The different volcanic strata mark several eruptive periods, not following each other in rapid succession, mit after long intervals of rest. These eruptions were on and. above the coral beds, and the remains of_ man had been deposited on the coral at a time when that formation had not attained .by more than four fect^its elevation, when tho first volcanic wave from Punchbowl rolled over.it, The coral reef at Honolulu ha3 not been perceptibly elevated in fifty years. How long would it require to form four feet thick over the human skeletons found in thc wella to which Ï have alluded P How many ages was the earliest volcano of Punchbowl pouring its fiery waves over tho coral, before even tho tradition of its eruption was lost P Tho Pali-the highest range of central mountains have been formed, since man lived and walked on Oahu. Thc skull found in the well of Manarrinna was full of lifo and thought beforo the volcano's birth ! Oan. Java or Sumatra show an antiquity for man higher than this P And dd not these facts lead to an irresistible argument against the peopling of these islands by tho Malays P The problem of thiB*1iigh antiquity can only bo solved by the hypothesis of the ancient sub- merged continent-the Occa nica of tho past. But if there were any of the inhabitants of tho ancient submerged continent loft, would not their descendants preserve somo tradition of such a errand catastrophe ? I will proceed to answer. ' . Earth's physical history is written in un- mistakable characters and unerring marks upon.ber surface. The numerous changes in- dicating great ecological periods, OB well as tho minutia} of tho varied past forms of organic lifo aro portrayed in a language all can understand. Reason is tho great teacher by which wo can read tho secrets of tho past. Thcro- ia no geological evidence of a univer 'saldelugo since tho advent of man upon tho earth ; nor has such an ovent been possible since tho carboniferous era, which extended through immense ages of rainfalls. After tho mighty ohanges effected by aqueous action during earth's great pluvial period, tho shaping of the oarth's surfaco, tho formation oí seas and oceans, the drying and purifying pf tho atmosphere and tho adaptation of tho primeval dry land, climate, heat and moisture to tho have been such a catastrophe os a universal pluvial delude. Wo havo many dim glimpses of" riparian deluges in Greece and in tho valleys ot' tho Euphrates and Tigris, in Mesopotamia, in tho traditionary, period, im- mediately preceding mau's historical period. Eren since thc historical period, tho carth'B utniospbero in ancient times contained more moisture, there was greater condensation and consequently riparian floods wero moro frequent than at present. Whence then, originates tho almost general tradition of n universal deluge ? In tho subsidence and submergence of earth's continents and islands, BÍUCO man has been an inhabitant of our planet, and tho unmistakable marks of aqueous. notion in every portion of tho earth, «ot of recent volcanic origin. . Tho memory of such an ovont as a gonernl or partial submergence . among-pra- historio and un- lettered peoplo could only be preserved by oral .tradition, and in tho long course of ages, would iroduotion of. assume a variety of forms, but all com.! memorating a great aqueous catastrophe. The Îieople of thc mountain Bummits or islands, eft by thc subsidence of tho continent of Oceánica, have all preserved a memory of this catastrophe, by traditions somewhat varied in their details. I -will" specify the most pro- minent. * Tho KailcaMnalii, tho deluge of tho Haw- aiians, -when the traditions relating thereto are critically examined, evidently. ref er to a catastrophe, not caused by a deluge of rain, but a great convulsion by which the sub- mergence of all the land except the islands .occurred. The traditions which refer extra- ordinary works to Hina and the sons of Hinia, can have no other reference than to a cata- clysm of the character indicated. Was it not a mythical allusion to some sudden 7 con- vulsion . succeeded, by others less 'dis- astrous in their consequences P The ancient Hawaiians were a- highly poetical people. Their ancient mêles far exceed any productions of the kind from further west among the Malays, JavauB, or the islands of the Indian Archipelago. The epic of Kawelois a supe- rior production to anything _ produced in Java, even under Hindoo civilisation. The deluge of Kaiakabinalii, according to a com Eanson of all tho ancient traditions which ave been collected and preserved, relates to the sinking of a continent, whoso mountain tops are still visible in' the numerous islands of Polynesia, whether the cones bf ancient volca-' noes, or surrounded by coral reefs, as in the 1 case of the low islands. I This conclusion is borne out by the tradi tions of all tbe other islands of the Ooeanh mee. "The Tahitian story is- that Taarot (tho Kaneloa, of Hawaii) being angry witl men on account of their disobedience, over- turned tho world into tho sea, excepting a few projecting points or aurus, which consti tuted _ tho present cluster of - islands." This tradition in connection with their claim to bc autocthona, as do the Hawaiians, goes to dis- prove the fuot that they were immigrants from any other land! " . ? .The tradition among tho . inhabitants oi Eimeo ia that after the flood (similar to that oi the Tahitians) a man landed from a canoe neal Tiatacpua, in their island, and built an altar, or morai, in honour of his god." '. The tradition in the Leeward Islands is much the same with ; that of Raiatea. Soon after the peopling of the world by tho descendants of Taata, Jtuahatu, the Neptune of tho South Sea Islands, was reposing in his corallino groves in the depths of the ocean. Â fisherman regard- less of the tabu or the sacredness of tho place, lowered his . books which became . entangled with the hair of the sleeping god. For a long time ho strove in vain to draw them up again, and at last the god, roused from his slumbers,-' appeared at the surface, upbraided him for his impiety, and declared that his land should be destroyed for tho sin. Tho affrighted fisher- man implored forgiveness, and Runhata, moved by his prayers, directed him to proceed with his wife and child to a small island called 'Toa marama, which' is situated within the reefs on the eastern side of Raiatea, where ho misrht find a safe refuge. Tho mau obeyed and too] with him to the place appointed not only hil wife and child, buta friend also, a dog,' a pij and a pair of fowls. They reached tho refug< before the close of the day, when thc waters began to rise, drove the inhabitants o'. the shores from their dwellings, and graduolrj increased till in the morning, only tho tops oi the mountains appeared. .Thc fisherman and his family became the progenitors of the pre- sent inhabitants. The natives of Tonga-Tabu and tho Tongas group,'aro not autocthons, but immigrants, according to their traditions from tho north- east-from ono .of the three _ great Oceanic groups Samoa, Hawaii or Tahiti. This fact makes their tradition of the sinking of the earth or as they term it tho rising of the waters so as to submerge all save the mountain tops the more l'eniarkablc. The place doubtless whence tboy originated, and the fancy painted divine region of theso natives of thc ocean, is a beautiful island situated far to the north-east- ward of theil- own land, ever blooming with tho most beautiful flowers, which fill tho air with fragrant and delicious odors nnd bear the inchest and most delicious fruits. When these arc plucked, thc Game immortal plants bring forth others to replace thom, Birds of the most splendid plumage, fill tho groves of tho enchanted land. There is also abundance of all animals and birds for the tables of tho akuas _ and demigods, and -when any of theso arc killed, another immediately comes _ into cxistenco to supply its place. This is the Island of-.Bolotu, or Bulutu. It is north-east of Samoa, and there- fore must cither refer to Hawaii or Tahiti. They say it is too distant for a canoe to undertake to reach it. Their traditions also point to the elevation of tho TgDgan group from tho sea. They bold that it was fished up by their god Taugaroa (Kaneloa) although Capt. "Wilkes in his narrative asserts that they were fished up by Maui. In Samoa wo find the same tradition of a flood, or rising of the watera of tho ocean. Many of their traditions aro similar to the Tongans, including a belief in the happy Island of Bolotu. . The_ Maoris of New Zealand, who according to their own traditions, were originally from Hawaii, haye the same story of the rising of tho waters.1. Farther west, on the confines of Oceánica, iu tho Marian or Ladrono Islands, we have the same traditions as it regards a deluge. This is time of all tho smaller groups and scattered islands of Oceánico. Their unity of raco and this universal belief, certainly constitute, a strong probability that some great catastrophe 1 of that character occurred in tho remote ages [ of tho past, And are wo not warranted in tho belief that it is tho memory of tho sink- ing of tho great Oceanic continent pre- served by the descendants of the remnants of its ancient inhabitants ? answer, have led mo to defer until another number tho matter I had intend for this. 1 But I must ; " IM, PAZ.' 