'Wasting manual labour very badly, as the colony does at present, and offering a certainty of employment, and more than ordinary chances of success to new arrivals, it is by no means satisfactory to be informed, as we are by Mr. Datxtkee, and his subordinate, Mr. Ktkciineh, that one of the principal sources of European Emigration is altogether closed against us.. We have been importing Danes, Swedes, and Germans so freely during the last two years, and so much out of proportion to the immigration from the British Isles, that fanciful politicians have sometimes thought they could detect in it a dangerous design. During the early part of last session, when the judgment of some amongst us was unable to keep pace with their imagination,it hap pened that two or tliree vessels, arrived in quick succession, containing Danish and German immigrants, and we heard the circumstance, gravely debated, as evidence of a scheme to over-run the country with people who, not under standing our political questions, would be used by the party in power to secure their privileges, and subvert popular liberty. Mr. Palmer and. the squatters, with the aid of Mr. Arcueb's Scandi navians, and Mr. Kirckneb's TeutoiiSj were to overwhelm the British demo cratic element, and restore in Queens land the feudalism of the middle ages. If there is any remnant of the Liberal party which, m the simplicity of their hearts, and in these days of political millennium, still mistrusts Mr. Palmer's intentions on that score, it will be a relief to them to learn that a mightier man than he — Prince Bismarck — has interdicted German emigration to Queensland. As certain correspon dence given to the public a few days ago, will show, Mr. Ktrchner, our agent in Germany, expected to have been able to despatch, in September last, a ship with German emigrants — . Prussians mainly — but the authorities at Berlin have set their faces against emigration, and the Prussians won't be allowed to leave. It was at first objected that the .emigrants were re quired to enter into certain engage ments to pay their passages . after arrival here, and when that difficulty was removed, the authorities would not even then allow the people to leave. Our Mr. Kircuiter cries en avant, a Berlin ! though Mr. Daintrek endeavours to restrain him, and it is difficult to forsee what complications may arise when the Envoy of Queensland beards the ' men of blood and iron.' He wants to fill three ships for Queensland this year, -and we can sympathise with his chagriuj in his choice being ' confined to Switzer land, Scandinavia, and South Germany.' The worst of it is, he would haye to hunt up immigrants in those places while the Northern Germans are most eager to emigrate, and require no hunt ing up at all. The best informed amongst the English papers say that nothing like the intense excitement on the subject of emigration which prevails this year in Northern Germany has ever before been witnessed there. It is a national movement, and is attributed to a desire to escape from the intoler able exaction that, of late years, military service has become to the people. The war is over, and they are victorious, but treaties do not seem to bring them assurance of peace, : leisure to pursue their ordinary avocations, or the promise that they will be permitted to reap the crops they sow. They have dictated terms at Versailles to their ancient enemy, and her ransom is being poured into the scale ; they hold hostages for her patient submission till the last hreutzer has been paid ; and they have gained a vantage ground which almost ensures them against attack; but all this does not seem to alter the designs of the rulers of the German Empire. To make soldiers, to gather material of war, and to perfect all the plans that make a country a fortress, and its people an army, seems to be the grand pur pose of the statesmen of the Empire N'o wonder the ' rank and file' are tired of it. They want peace and security, but it seems as if these blessings were as far off as ever, and as they cannot have them at home, they wish to seek them in America or Australia. Prince Bismarck, however, has other views resTDeeting them, and thus it comes about that our mild little Envoy is sorely thwarted in filling his three ships. It really looks as if we should be reduced to the necessity of putting up with British immigrants, English, Scotch, and Irish, after all. This very month of November the farmers and laborers of the Midland Counties looked to be engaged in a bitter contest — cold and hunger, against Joseph Arch and the rules of the Union. Cold and hunger 'would probably have the best of the fight, but surely such a struggle offers immense opportunities to draw off some of the poor combatants to a country where there is work and food, and, by an-bye, independence to be won. Mr. Dainthee professes to be thoroughly aroused to our urgent demand for emi grants, and if he means to bestir himself as he promises, he ought to have no difficulty in filling ship after ship with the right sort of people from the Mid land Counties. The failure of the harvest in Scotland will probably give an impetus to emigration, there also, amongst the agricultural classes', and Mr. Daixtree proposes toemploy an agentin Ireland, who, if the potato is as far gone again as is reported, will no doubt find plenty to listen to him ; but if ho is really anxious about sending out a fair proportion of Irish emigrants, his best course would be to get the authori ties' in Dublin to do as the authorities in Berlin have done — forbid them to come. If they were interdicted under heavy pains and penalties from going to Queensland, lie might fill a ship once a week in any Irish port his agent might name ; but without some such induce ment as that, Queensland has, we fear, no chance with Pat against the attrac tions of the United States. 