SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament is again in session. It re-assembled on the 30th of last month, and the aspect of affairs is anything but reassuring to the present Admi- nistration. In our last summary for England we stated, "There is a great deal of dissatisfaction, not only amongst the opponents but also amongst the former adherents of the Ministry. It is impossible, however, now to predict what form that dissatisfaction will as- sume." That doubt was removed al- most immediately upon the meeting of Parliament. As soon as the address in reply to the vice-regal speech was moved and seconded in the Legislative As- sembly, an adjournment of the debate was asked for, and, after some little haggling on the part of the Chief Secretary, because the request did not come from the leader of the Opposition, was granted. In some of his speeches during the recess the Chief Secretary had alluded to the important duties performed by Her Majesty's Opposition, and, in al- most feeling terms, had regretted that there was really nothing worthy the name of an Opposition in the Legisla- tive Assembly of Victoria. Facetiously he quoted the well-known lines— "Hans Breitman had a party ; Where is that party now ? " He discovered where it was when he met the House on the day following the opening of Parliament. He then found that he was faced by a well-organised and formidable Opposition, who at once joined issue with him upon the education question. Before the dissolution of the last Parliament, the McCulloch Administration laid on the table of the Assembly, for the information of hon. members and the country, a copy of the Education Bill which they proposed to introduce at the commencement of the first session of the new Parliament which had to be elected. At the elections which ensued this measure was severely criti- cised, and it is quite certain that it would never have been carried in the shape in which it was first submitted. There was, however, a very general expression of opinion that some change in or modification of the present system was necessary. In the Governor's speech upon the first assembling of that Parlia- ment, the subject was alluded to as a "national question " that stood " fore- most in importance," and the address in reply of course re-echoed the sentiment. The present Ministry are divided upon the question, and by no possibility can its members agree upon the principles of any measure dealing with the subject. There was consequently no mention of it in the Governor's speech at the opening of the present session. Mr. Francis—the Treasurer of the last McCulloch Administration—who in the absence of Sir James McCulloch has been chosen leader of the Opposition, moved therefore, on the day follow- ing the assembling of Parliament, the following amendment on the address in reply to the Governor's speech :—" But we regret that the subject of public in- struction, in regard to which this Parlia- ment at its first meeting concurred with your Excellency that it is a ' national question,' and ' stands foremost in im- portance,' is not included among the matters which your Excellency's ad- visers propose to submit for the con- sideration of Parliament." The debate on the amendment was one of the most personal and acrimonious that has ever taken place in the Legis- lative Assembly, and was not concluded until 2 o'clock on Friday morning last, when the amendment was negatived by a majority of two. This is a virtual defeat of the Government, for had the issue been on a general vote of want of confidence, instead of upon the question of education, upon which opinions are divided, the majority would have been the other way. Another amendment is to be moved to-night—that is if the Ministry does not previously resign— taking exception to the manner in which the exercise of the patronage of the Government has been exercised, and praying His Excellency to choose other advisers. Should there be a debate on this question, it must be even more per- sonal and acrimonious than the one which has just terminated. There is a heavy bill of indictment to be preferred but it is not now advisable to prejudge the question, although there is little doubt entertained that the Ministry will be defeated upon it. One of the ap pointments to which great objection is taken is that of Mr. Cashel Hoey to the office of secretary to Mr. Childers, the agent-general of the colony in London. In the first place it is asserted that no such appointment was necessary —Mr. Childers never asked for such additional assistance—and in the second place, that Mr. Hoey is not the man who should be placed in such a position. The most objectionable feature in the whole case, however, is, that when an explana- tion was asked for in the Legislative Assembly, the Chief Secretary attempted to place the whole onus of the appoint- ment upon Mr. Childers, and it was only when the question was directly put that he acknowledged he had recom- mended Mr. Hoey for the position. In connexion with the question of appointments, a very painful circum- stance has arisen. The Imperial Go- vernment having withdrawn the whole of its commissariat service from the colony, asked the Victorian Govern- ment to appoint some one to act as paymaster here to the Imperial military pensioners and perform the other duties of the position, under taking to pay the cost of such officer. The treasurer, Mr. Berry, appointed his father-in-law to the position, at a salary of £350 per annum, over- looking the claims of Colonel Mair, an old officer in the Imperial as well as the colonial service, and who, it is said, was promised the appointment by a former Administration. This matter was alluded to in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday night last by Mr. Garratt, one of the members for Geelong East, not in the usual terms in which such appointments are con- demned, but in far stronger language. He characterised the appointment as " the most corrupt ever made by any Government in Victoria," and said that " if the whole of the facts of the case were known they would for ever con- demn the Treasurer to political oblivion, and show that the appointment was the reward of ' downright infamy.'" Such a statement produced a great sensation in the Assembly, especially as some very unpleasant rumours had been previously current with respect to the same affair. A select committee was at once appointed to inquire into the matter, and it is expected that it will bring up its report to-day. It is almost unnecessary here to com- ment upon the tone of the debate which terminated on Friday morning last. Copious summaries of the principal speeches are given in another portion of this issue, and they speak for them- selves. It will, however, be seen that the imprudent boasting of the Chief Secretary at the banquets he and his Ministers have attended, his threat of looking beyond the representatives of the people to the people themselves, and the promises he made which he could never have had any idea of fulfilling, have had a great deal to do in rousing the vigorous opposition by which he is now assailed. He talked loudly of having raised an Australian flag, and of the establishment of an Australian policy, and yet, after going through one session, he at the commencement of another only proposed five new measures, all of them of secondary importance, in ad- dition to those named by the pre- vious Administration at the first assem- bling of the present Parliament. These five measures are an impounding bill, a municipal bill, a scab bill, an insurance bill, and a jury bill. The measures are no doubt required, but they were ridi- culed by the Opposition as the only outcome of the Australian flag and policy programme. The particulars of the contract en- tered into by the Victorian Government with the representative of New Zealand for a mail service via New Zealand and San Francisco, have been published. They will be found elsewhere. The contract has been very unfavourably criticised, and is not likely to be ratified by the Victorian Legislature. It pro- vides that Victoria shall pay £32,500 annually for what in effect is only a branch service, whilst New Zealand, which would reap by far the greatest advantage from the service, pays only £27,500. SOCIAL. Political affairs have completely monopo- lised attention during the past few weeks, and apart from the proceedings in Parlia- ment, there has been little in the events of the month to excite interest. The European mails by the Baroda were again delivered nearly three days before contract time. The budget of news, however, was not so interest- ing as usual. Amongst the Baroda's passen- gers was Sir G. F. Verdon, K.C.M.G., C.B., who went on to Sydney to begin official duty in connexion with his appointment as inspector for the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. Mr. G. Gordon, the Indian hydraulic engineer, who had been invited by the Victorian Government to take charge of the waterworks of the colony, also arrived by the mail steamer. There ia still no immediate prospect of the opening of telegraphic communication willi Europe. The establishment of a horse expr.su between Port Darwin and the present ter- minus of the land line has been deferred on tbo ground that to undertake the service would interfere with the general progress of the work. No effort will now bo made to establish tho express until August, when it ia c-petttd that the distance to bo covered will bave been reduced to 150 miles. Under these circumstances the proposal to establish cora* munication between Adelaide and Port D ir- win by sea has been revived, and the South Australian Government is being urged to take steps in the matter. Almost immediately after his arrival, Mr. Gordon was appointed chief engineer of waterworks, and lie at once entered upon his new duties, He has already examined portions of the works belonging to the Coli- ban and Geelong schemes, and has sent in to tbo Government a brief report on the Malms- bury reservoir, which confirms only too well the unfavourable opinions previously ex- pressed concerning it, He describes the outlet woiks as being in a worse state than when Colonel Sankey reported upon them. The mischief is going on, and the works require immediato attention. Mr. Dobson has been appointed, temporarily, assistant engineer of water supply. The time for receiving tenders for the first sections of the Castlemaine and Dunolly and the Ballarat and Ararat railways, two of the lines authorised by the act of Parliament passed last session, has been extended to the 29th inst., in consequence of the extra work caused by the preparation of specifications according to two gauges. The progress of the works will not be hindered by this postpone- ment, because the Government cannot pro- ceed until Parliament has settled the question of gauge. It is now definitely settled that Mr. A. P. Mathison, late accountant of the Railway de- partment, will succeed Mr. W. M. Fehon as traffic manager ; and that Mr. J. Anderson, chief clerk of the traffic office, will act as assistant traffic manager. The appointments have been gazetted. Mr. Archibald Michie, Q.C., leaves the colony by the outgoing mail on a visit to Europe. Mr. Miohie has been snffering for some months from an affection of tho throat, which prevents him speaking in public and it is hoped that a change of air will help his recovery. The Legislative Council, of which Mr. Michie is a member, has granted bim leave of absence for nine months. When in tho early part of 1857 Sir William Stawell was elevated to the bench as chief justice, having as Mr. Stawell ulled the oflioo of Attorney-General for a long period under the old Constitution, his friends and political supporters resolved to mark their sense of his sterling worth as a citizen, and the groat abilities which he had displayed in his political career, by some material memento of their esteem, To carry out their purpose, a Lumber of tho leading colonists formed themselves into a committee to collect sub- scriptions, and Mr. D. S. Campbell and Mr. George A. Mouritz were appointed treasurer and secretary respectively, and also trustees for the fund. A large amount of money wa* subscribed and collected. The exact amount was never known, for unfortunately the gentlemen composing the committee disagreed as to what form the testimonial should take, particularly as Mr. Stawell would accept no direct gift. The result was that the amounts collected were not paid over to the fund, and it ia believed an amount considerably over ¿4X0 was returned to the donors. Tbo amount paid into the bank was only £372 7s. 7d., collected chiefly by the troasurer and secretary. This amount, less £13 19a. Gd. tuleen for the necessary expenses, remained in tbe bank unproductive until 1863, when Messrs. Campbell and Mouritz resolved to invest it so as to increase it to such an amount as to m nit o it available for a scholar- ship in the University. The result of the investment is that the balance in hand, with interest accruing, is nearly £700, and with this sum, Sir William Stawoll's approval having been obtained, it is proposed to form a " Stawell Scholarship, " and the necessary steps for the purposo are now being taken. Valuable work is being performed with the wreat telescope at the Melbourne Observatory. At a recent meeting of the Boyal Society, Mr. Ellery, the Government astronomer, stated that some photographs of the moon had been obtained better than any he had any know- ledge of. Tho picture of the moon taken in the telescope was about three inches in dia- meter, while the primary pictures of the pho- tographs of the moon hitherto made public hy Mr. De la Ruo were only three-quarters or seven-eighths of an inch in diameter, though subsequently enlarged to something lilto two feet. It has been decided by the Government to appoint a board to consider and report upon the proposed establishment of a minister and department of agriculture. The mombors of the board are the Hon. Captain Cole, M.L C. his Honour Judge Bindon. tho Hon. W. H F. Mitchell, W.L.O., Mr. Hodgkinson, assist ant-rornmissioner of lands, and Mr. Brough Smith, secretary for mines. It was stated in several of tho London papers received by tho last mail that the Mel- bourne police have in their possession a war- rant for the apprehension of Arthur Orton, on the charge of "murder committed in the buth near Melbourne." The polico here, however, know nothing of the matter, and no such warrant has ever come into their hands. The question as to the desirability of ex- tending the educational privileges of the Mel- bourne University to women has been discussed at a meeting of the senate of that body. A motion was brought forward by Dr. Madden, to the effect that there was no sufficient reason why women should be excluded from the educational advantages and corpoiute privileges of tho University. The matter wus clubutcd at some length, but all tho members present appeared to be agreed upou the justice of allowing ladies who had paspud iliiir examinations to tako their degritc-i. 'I ho objection to ladies attending medical lectures was acknowledged, but Professor Wilson pointed out that, according to one of the regulations, any person who had ent.-n-d his name upon the register, and paid the feo, could attend, whether matriculated or not, so that even at present there was no power to prevent ladies attending any of the lectures The motion of Dr. Madden was carried, and was oidfied to be forwarded to tho council. Dr. Bromby withdrew a resolution of which ho had given notice, which had a sicuiUr objret in view. Punishment, though inadequate in cb i rncter, has at length been visited upon the Rev. J. "VV. Inglis, of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, who was convicted by 7 he Atgua towards the close of last year of Kro.«s plagiarism and literary larceny. It was proved bryortd doubt that Mr. Inglis had deliberntcly appropriated a lecture written by tho R>;v Dr. Huntington, of America, and delivered it as his own on several occasions. Ho, ho v ever, had the efftonteiy to endeavour to txplain away, if not deny, the charge in a letter to The Argus ana to his congregation, and on the matter being brought before the Ballarat Presbytery, that body condoned the offence with indecent precipitancy. So greata scandal to the church, however, could nor. bt allowed to rest, and at tho commission of the General Assembly, held in Melbourne a few dajs ago, the case was brought forward by the Rev. Dr. Cairns, A committee was appointed to comnaunicato with Mr. Inglis, who recog nised the desirability of making a clean breast of the thing and acknowledging his fault, The cummitteo having met Mr. Inglis, re- ported that he had fully and penitently acknowledged and deplored his great fault. He admitted having entirely appropriated the lecture of Dr. Huntington ; that his lotter to The ArgusitW far shore of the truth; that his confession to the presbytery was inade- quate ; and that ho regretted the false impres- sion produced on the minds of his co-pres- byters by the want of perfect ineenuousuess in his representations to them. It was then proposed to suspend the offender from his office for three months ; but it was agreed nt hist that a public rebuke from the moderator of the assembly would be an adequate punish- ment. A severe rebuke was accordioely ad- ministered by the moderator, who addressed Mr. Inglis as follows:-"You have sinned against God. You have committed an act of literary theft. You have pormittod your solf to repeat that act no less than on five dif- ferent occasions, and when that theft was detected, you covered that theft by a lie. You solemnly denied, in a letter to the most in- fluential papor of this metropolis, that you had been guilty of that of which you have un- qualifiedly confessed yourself guilty." Ile continued for some time to speak in equally severe language. Mr. Inglis submitted to his chastisement with humility, and then with- drew from tho Assembly-hal). He has since returned to his congregation, who hive allowed bim a month's leavo of absencu to recover his health. Tho verdict for the plaintiff in the recent, case of Turner v. Van Hemert, in which u medical man was cost in damages for alleged unskilful treatment in a caso of fracture of the thigh, was disapproved of by tho majority cf|tho profession in Melbourne, arida consi- derable sum of money was collected to defray the expenses incurred by Mr. Vun Hemert. A meeting of the subscribers to the fund was recently held, for tho purposo of presenting Mr. Van Hemert with an address, and with a sum of money collected to defray the expenses incurred by him in the trial. Mr. KDOggsvias in the chair. The address expiessed the sympathy of the medical pro- fession with Mr. Van Hemert, The subscrip- tion to the fund amounted to £280, and a cheque for £276, being the proceeds less ex- penses, was handed over to him. The expenses of the trial were about JE3G1. Mr. Van Hemert expressed his gratitude to the medical profes- ión and the public generally for their vindi cation of his conduct. He mentioned that he was leaving for England for tho benefit of his health, but he hoped to return to the colony. Complaints have been made from time to time that the liquors sold in many of the publichouses aro adulterated in such a way as to be highly injurious to the health of persons consuming them. Accordingly, measures wne taken by the Central Board of Health, some months ago, to have the liquors sold in licensed houses tested ; but a very different result has been shown from what was ex peded. Mr. Sydney Gibbons, the analytical chemist employed to perform this duty, haï reported upon his analysis of 29 samples of liquors-ale, brandy, and rum-obtained in various houses in Melbourne, and the ana- lyses show that in none of these cases was there carried on any deleterious adulteration which would warrant the taking of proceed- ings under the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sale Statute Amendment Act. With regard to the spirits, the only adulteration prac- tised was the mixing of inferior spirits with spirits of fair or good quality. The quality of tho ales brewed in the colony of late years appeared to have much improved, and the only thing approaching to adultera- tion was the mixing of damaged English or inferior colonial ales with ales of a better quality. In no instance had any positively deleterious ingredient been used for tho pur- poso of adulteration. One of the oldest officers in tho Victorian polico forco, Inspector Page, died a fortnight ago. Mr. Pago came out as a sergeant with the first 50 mon from London, in 1853, with Superintendent Freeman. He was stationod for long periods in Melbourne and Geelong, and was also in charge of different up- country stations. About the beginning of the present year he waa returned "unfit for duty," and retired, receiving half-pay, Mr. Page had beou ailing for somo timo post, but died rather suddenly. A site for a breakwater in Portland Bay has been selected. The breakwater will begin at Battery Point, and ruu out in a northerly direction to a distance of 1,000 yards from the shore. At tho furthest outpoint there will be seven fathoms of water. Tho work will be a heavy one, hut the use of convict labour is expected to cheapen the cost considerably. The distressing condition of the Jews in Persia, consequent on the famine existing there, has excited the sympathy and compas «ion of members of the race in this colony. The various synagogues have taken up the matter, and have appointed a committee. Subscription-lists are to be opened, and the major of Melbourne has promised to call a public meeting if a requisition is presented to him. At Ballarat stops are also being taken to raise subscriptions. An attempt is being made on the part of the Melbourne Omnibus Company to introduce the street tramway system into the city, and a bill for the purpose is about to bo applied for. The project has excited a good deal of discussion amongst the members of the city corporation and the suburban boroughs, and for the present the opinion of theso bodies on tho question is withheld. The idea is of course received by the cabmen in a very hostile spirit, and meetings organised by them bave been held at Fitzroy and Collingwood in opposition to the project. The competitive exhibition of the schools of design ander the Commission for Pro- moting Industrial and Technological Instruc- tion was visited by largo numbers of persons. Some of the handiwork of the youthful artists bos been warmly praised, but the opinion has often been expressed that the commission has mado a mistake in giving too much encouragement to mere ornamental work, which has no technological bearing. There were many pretty pictures on the walls, which showed a good deal of merit. A larga number of prizes were awarded, and were publicly presented at the National Museum. The gentlemen who undertook the pre- liminary arrangements for the establishment of an asylum for inebriates have met with considerable success. Dr. M'Carthy and his co-labourers have obtained subscriptions to the amount of ovor £700, and the Govern- ment will be at once asked to give a vote for tho proposed institution. The Chief Secre- tary promised when the movement was originated that a piece of land and a grant of money should bo given hy tho state if a reasonable sum wore raised by private sub- scription, and this promise will now be carried out. Tho acclimatisation in this colony of valuable auimals and birds from foreigu countries is carried on with some diiti oulty owing to tho unprincipled conduci of sportsmen and other persons. An in- stance occurred the other day ia which the offender, fiom his position in society, might have been expected to assist iu the conservation instead of the destruction of imported game, Mr. George Kirk, ol South Yarra, was summoned to the District Police Court by Francis Weaker, the b.iiliff of the Acclimatisation Society, for having on tlie Oth of Starch shot tbreo pheasants at Dandenong. The case was notgoneinto, as the deftndant at once pleaded guilty. His excuse tvas simply that if he had not shot the birds some one elso would. The penalty for the offence under the Game Protection Statut., «as a fine not exceeding £2, and the valu« ol each bird £.5, as fixed by tile schedule ni th. uct. The society waived their claim to tli valno of the birds, and merely applied for the penalty and the costs. Mr. Call, P.M., m.uJt an order for £0, being £2 penalty for cien pheasant, and £G (ii. costs. The Victoiia Kopnworks, which w^rr buint down two momba ngo, aro nowbeiiij. re-built on a morn extensive scale. The pro | piietore-Messrs. J. Miller and Co.-have pro I curt'd a lease from tho Crown Lauds dep ii t mint of a portion of ground between the road from the Fulls-bridgo to Emerald- hill and tin I old Sandiidge-road, which adjoins the fcito ol I the old works. Operations are now carried on in the old premises at about the same rato w . formerly, but, the new building will provilr I accommodation for a much larger biiHiuus» | tobo conducted in a considerably¡mprovwi I fashion. In placeof a wooden Bhed there tri!) be a brick edifice, not of a showy appearance beraute ornament ia not aimed at, but rooun and substantial. It will be 200ft. long ami 80/r. wido. There will also be a rope-walk u) greatlength. Mr. Miller, the principal partnei. went home by tho last mail to procure np paratus and machinery for the new woiks which will cost, when completed, something liko £7,000. An important shipment of thoroughbred mares arrived recently by the ship Moravian. Tbcy are the lost of the stud got together with so much expense and care by the late Mr. J Moffatt, and include Pâté, by Macaroni, out of Songstress, who bas performed with credit on tho English turf. There are also two mores bought at the sale of Count Lagrange'* stud-Etoile du Soir, by Gladiateur, out of Etoile du Nord, and Mabille, own sister to Général, by Monarque, out of Folia. For the first of this pair of highly-bred fillies Mr Moffatt was obliged to pay 820 guineas in order to secure her, while her companion coil .170 guineas. Some fine specimens of draught stock of distinguished pedigreo have aUo arrived in the colony by the Jerusalem. It has transpired that on the arrival of thi> last two mails from England, a large quantity of jewellery was seized at the Post-oflice bj the Customs authorities. The importers o' the jewellery, instead of passing entries fot it at the Customs and paying the usual duty, have, by an arrangement with tho English exporter, been in tho habit of gotting it sent out enclosed in registered packets. One firm received in this manner no less than S7 valuable rings, and the differenco between the amount expended for postago and thai payable as duty was something enormous. Janies Wilkie has been tried at the Castli' maine Circuit Court and convicted of the muider of Henry Pensom, at Daylesford, in February last. The case lasted two days, ami resulted in tho conviction of the nrisonei There was no direct testimony against iii piitoner, but a strong chain of circumatanttut t\ ¡dence proved his guilt beyond doubt. From the facts stated by tho witnesses, tho prisonci trust havo waylaid his victim and shot him The body was then thrown down a desurti-' shaft, but fortunately for tbo ends of just ¡tv it was caught by some woodwork a few fee lu low the surface, whero it was found the d») afterwards. Had the body fallen to the bottom of the shaft, it might have remained thue undiscovered for year?. Wilkie wn< sentenctd to death, and was executed at Cas- tlemaine yesterday. Two prosecutions under the Trades Mailes Statute havo taken place at Woodend, laen nessy's brandy was again the article in which I the fraud was attempted. It appoared that James Sproule, a storekeeper, had purchased a lot of Hennessy's bulk brandy, which bi- lled bottled and sold as case brandy. A sales man for Messrs. Ross and Spowers, Hennessy'« agents, gave evidence to the effect tha'j n profit of 13s, per case could bo mado by adopt in« this plan, in addition to which the balk biauäy was of an inferior quality, so that th< reputation of tho firm would bo injured b> the fraud. A fine of £2 10s., with £5 costs, iii each case, was inflicted. j Mining accidents on tho gold-fields have been more than usually numerous, and in several instances deplorable loss of life Ita occurred. Two dreadful boiler explosion- ? baie happened in the Sandhurst district, ami j in each case a man was killed and other», wounded. Tho first occurred at tho Collmann and Tacchi Reof, California Gully, and tin second at tho Catherine Reef United Com rany's works. What makes these disaster.» tho more distressing is, that with proper coro and management they would not have taken place. The causo of the ex plosion at California Gully was attributed by the coroner's jury to negligence on the part of those engaged in the manage- ment of the machinery, though from want of evidence the blame could not be charged upon any particular person, while in the Catherine, Reef case the accident happened through some tampering with the eafoty valve by an ignorant workman. George Andrew Scott, the man who wai recently arrested in Sydney on the charge o' t robbing the London Chartered Bank a'. Egerton, has been examined at the Gordon Police Court, and committed for trial. The chief witness for tho prosecution was a young man formerly employed in tho bank, who swore that Scott entered the bank premises one night two years ago, armed with a pistol, and by threatening him with death obtained some gold and notes which were deposited in the bank. Lo Broun told the same story two years ago, but was disbelioved, and was him self prosecuted for the robbory, but acauitted. The case bos excited great interest in the locality where the affair took place. Osterchamp, tho fellow who so grossly assaulted a young woman named Christina Faikens at Mountain Hut, near Avoca, last month, has been committed for trial for the offence. The prisoner had offered marriage to the prosecute, and becauso she refused bim attacked her in a most brutal manner. Ho also assaulted her father, and several other persons who endeavoured to,protect ht i from his violence. The injuries inflicted on the girl wero described as foljows by the medical man who was called in to attend 1 her:-"I found her right cheek much i wollen, with great swelling about her eyes. The left eye was much injured. The whole right side of her face and neck was as if it had been beaten very severely, and there was a wound in one cheek as if aomoinstram nt bad been pushed into it. I found a patch of blood on her right eye. She complained of pain in her back, and on examining her I found both shoulders bruised. I also found the sixth rib broken on the right side, and found her jaw also very sevorely injured. Great violence must have been usod. When I first examined her I thought there was very littlo chance of her recovery, the injuries were so great." Fears bave been entertained for the safety of tho brig Magnet, which left Melbourne for Greymoatb, New Zealand, on the 18th March, and has not 6ince been heard of. Vessels which left at the same time arrived safely, and have made return voyages. On the 1st April some bulwarks and deck fittings were seton by tbo captain of the Seabird in tho place where the Magnet should have been about that date. The Magriot was a brig of 153 tons register, commanded by Captain Clinkskell and owned by Messrs. Kennedy, of Greymouth, N.Z When she left Melbourne she had 17 pas- sengers and a crew of nine. The execution of Edward Feeney for the murder of Charles Marks in the Treasury- gardens on the 6th March lost, took place on the 13th inst., in the Melbourne Gaol. When the prisoner stepped out of his cell he appeared to be quite resigned to the awful punishment about to be inflicted upon him, and submitted to pinioning without any visible signs of emotion or fear. When the drop had fallen there were slight spasmodic muscular contractions of the body, which lasted for about two minutes. Feeney was born in Ireland in 1834, came out to Victoria with the 18th Regiment, in which he was a private, in the year 1853. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. When the last mail left, the unusually long Parliamentary rocess was drawing to a close. Tho last of the famons Ministerial country banquets had been given, and mombers of the Legislative Assembly, who had been abun- dantly vilified in tho Chief Secretary's politi- cal manifestoes, were congratulating them- selves on the circumstance that Mr. Duffy was about to be removed from the atmosphere of intoxicating popular applause he had created for himself to the real arena of political war faro, where instead of indulging in fine flights of poetic fancy, ho would be confronted by tbo motter of fact necessity of having a Par- liamentary majority to carry on the bu.iu..s of the country. THE OI'ENING.OP PAK-IAMEHT. Parliament was opened by His Etu.il.ney the Governor with the customary formalititi« on the last day of AuriL The L'gtslativu Council chamber was filled by an uim-ually largo and brilliant assemblago, The op-ning speech was read by His J__.celleni.-y as Io - lows : "Mr. President and Honourable Geutlomeu of the Legislative Council, "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Lsgis lativo Assembly, " Since I relieved you from attendance on Parliament, the Empire has been threuened with a great calamity bv thoeeriou* illneas of tim heir to thethrono, His Royal Highne'3 the Piinceof Wales; and it ia with much satis faction that I am able to congratulate you on his complete recovery. My advisers will submit a proposal to both Houses to address Her Majesty the Queen on this subject, which I am persuaded will meet with your prompt sympathy. "In rcsuniiug your labours at a season of unusual prosperity, and when many of the public questions which have boon _o eagerly contested are sut at rest, I am happy to think that you will bo able to apply your- selves with more undivided caro than has hitherto been practicable to the iudustrial development and social organisation of the colony. Several measures will be submitted to you designed to promote one or other of these important objects " The most urgent of these measures is a Royal Mines Bill, intended to regulate mining on private property. The necessity han been loBg felt for a law under which mining enter- prise could be prosecuted on alienated land, upon conditions just to the owner of the property and to the miner. The want of such a law has retarded many valuable enterprises, and loaded others with an inordinate burthen. This bill, which will be immediately laid before you, is designed to create a system in tnnMcally fair to both parties, and under which one of our great national industries will, it is believed, bo fostered and extended. "A bill providing for the inspection of mines, with'a view to guard against acciden ti, and a bill to reduce the rent received by the Crown for auriferous lands held upon lease, will also be submitted for your consideration. "Tenders have been invited for the con- struction of portions of the railway lines authorised during the last session of Par- liament ; and my advisors have caused in- formation to be sought from eminent engineers on the relative cost and con- venience of the broad and narrow gauges in countries where they have been tried. When this information is complete your attention will be called to it, with a view of obtaining the opinion of Parliament on that contested question. "It is the intention of my Government lo ask your sanction to a further extension of our railwny system. They are porsnaded that the advautago to bo attained by saving on main roads, by tho permanent reduction ii' the carriage of mails and the gohoral cost of transport, and by tho stimulus to industrial pursuit*-, will render such extension a witt* national entprpriBO, if it be mado with a due regard to tho economic laws which govern such undi rtakings. " The occupation of tho public territory for agricultural settlement, which has been the aim of all our recent land legislation, still proceeds with unabated vigour. The selectors now form a largo element in our population ; and my advisers aro of opinion that it 1» deíirablo to afford thom the aid and guid ance which other countries in Europe and America have afforded to kindred classes. It is proposed, thoreforo, tu form a department of Agriculture, with a viaw of watching over the progress of settle- ment, of ascertaining the cropi and product" for which our soil in various districts is besi fitted, of diffusing agricultural knowledge, and of distributing seeds, roots, and cutting of special value among owners and occupier* of land who are prepared to utilise them. A', soon as the necessary expenditure, which will be trilling, is authorised by Parliament, this experiment will bo commenced. " "Fencing and Impounding Bills will also be submitted to you, which have been framed with a view of protecting selectors from injuries to which they are liable through the unsatisfactory state of tho law on these subjects. "My attention has been invitod by the Imperial Government to the International Exhibition about to he hold in London in 1873, to consist on this occasion of special industrial products. As many of the chief products of Victoria fall within the design, it is the intention ot my Government to take measures for having the industry of the colony effectually represented, and the intended ex- hibits will themselves constitute an exhibi- tion in Melbourne before they aro transferred to Europe. "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assombly, " I am happy tobo able to congratulate you on the prosperous condition of the country and the satisfactory state of the public re- venue. Tho Estimates for tho next financial year will bo laid before you without delay. While a strict economy has been observed in administrative expenditure, it is proposed to erect or complete the edifices nocessary for the administration of justice, tho business of legislation, and other public objects in the capital and throughout the country, while the state of our finances enables us to do so without inconvenience. " It is intended also to proposo a consider- able expenditure for railways, postal routes, and water supply, the details of which shall bo duly submitted for your approval. "A contract has been entered into in con- cert with the Government of New Zealand for' subsidising a line of steamors from Mel- bourne to San Francisco, subject to your assent ; a subsidy will bo aslcod also for a line of steamers to Europe by way of the Cape of Good Hopo ; and a proposal made to connect Australia with Europe by a colonial service running from Melbourne to Ceylon, whence two great postal lines run to England and ¿'raneo. '! With respect to water supply, several im- portant districts are prepared to construct tho r ecessary works at theil own cost, if the state i nables them to obtain funds on reasonable terms. Yon will bo anzions, I am persuaded, to encourage enterprises of this nature, and to co-operate with them whenever the local circumstances justify the experiment. "Apostal bill will be immediately intro- duced, cheapening tho cost and increasing the facilities of communication through the post and telegraph offices, and reducing the post- age upon newspapers, which at present is seriously disproportionate to their prico. " Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, "The amendments which have been made from time to time in the acts regulating onr municipal institutions are so numerous that it has become necessary, with a view to uni fortuity and simplicity of practice, to consoli- date the law on this important branch of polity. A measure will be laid before you accordingly, in which the six acts regulating local _ government are consolidated, with certain additional amendments framed to remove difficulties that havo arisen in the administration of the present law. This measure proposes to transfer, in some addi- tional cases, the control of expenditure ou local public works to local bodies, with a view to their more effectual and economical exe- cution. " Serious and painful loss has been inflicted on many colonista by the insolvency of in surance companies in which they had invested their earnings. A bill will be submitted for your consideration to provide that companies conducting business in this colony shall be required hereafter to possess assets available within the colony to meet their engage- ments, "I appointed a commission l8 months ago to report on the organisation and remunera tion of the public service. They have not yet completed their inquiries, but if their report reaches mo in time to enable it to be considered and a bill to be founded upon it during the present scsaion, that course will be taken. A bill is already prepared to revise the Police Act, and to provide a retiring allowance for officers and* membors of thar force, but it is not desirable to proceed with it prior to the revision of the Public Service Act, with which it ought to correspond in socio of its leading provisions. " Ibave received the report of a commi'sion which I appointed to inquire into the con- dition of the Beformatory and Industrial Schools supported by the state. Tho commis- sioners have collected a valuable body ol information, which tends to confirm the opiniou entertained by my Government thai ii radical chango is necessary in ilia system o' disciplino and management prevailing in those institutions. You will bo invited durin-. tlio fesíion to consider proposals intended t give i-ile c5 to this opinion. '? Through the courtesy of the Unite-el Stntcs Government, and of some of the Governments of European countries, an im poitaut collection ot iuforraatiem on the management of prisons and the utilisation eif prison labour has been obtained ; the result of which, as well as proposals springing froro it, will be brought under your notice. " The reportof a commission on tho silting up of tho bay has also been delivered to m-, and I will cause it to be immediately laie! bifi'ro 5 ou. '' The attention of my aelviiers has bean directed to tho best means of plantiug certain new industries in this country, for which th. Boil and climate nfford peculiar facilities. A Commission on Foreign Industrie.8 which 1 appointed last year havo offeiod impoitam suggestions on this subject, which I trust tiith your assistance, may bemado productiw of great public benefit. " Billa will be proposed for your considera lion to amend the representation of tin people in the Legislativo Assembly. Grem changes in the distribution of the population have rendered an amendment ureontly necos sary. The inequalities of the existing syste-m are very great ; and it ii estimated by mi advisers that nearly a third of lho persons entitled to vote at olections are prohibited from exercising the franchise by a restriction contained in the present law. "Important reforms in the jurisdiction and procedure of courts of petty sessions havo been made in England since our existing law on that subject was framed, andabill will be laid before you revising the existing acts, and incorporating these reforms and others whicli have been suggested by the experience of our local courts. "Bills to sanction the change in tho finan- cial year, to amend the Fisheries Act, to cure certain defects in the Mining Statute, to amend the Scab Act, to regulate the law affecting aliens, to amend the Discipline Act, to amend the Public Health Act, to regulate the law of juries, and to amend the Alining Companies Act, are ready to bo proceeded with as speedily as your convenience will admit of. " The Marino Bill, lost last session through an informality in its introduction, will be re introduced as soon as the progress of more important measures renders it practicable. "The authority which you conferred on the Governor in Council during the lost session of Parliament to frame regulations for the esta- blishment of a system of drawbacks has been exercised, and, I am happy to believe, with great benefit to the trade carried on by Victoria with the othor colonies of Australasia. "I regret that the proposals submitted bj my Government for a settlement of the dispute with New South Wolca respecting bolder duties was not accepted by the Govern mont of that colony, and that the collection of duties has been resumed. The corre tpoiidence upon the subject will be laid before you, and I have no doubt you will recognise the fairness and moderation which distinguish these proposals. "I havo called you togethor ata period of the year ot which members can, I believe-, most conveniently attend without injury io their privato pursuits and after a seision and a recess approximating in length to the ordi- nary session and recess of the Imperial Parliament-, I trust we sli4.ll find it practi- cable to adopt permanently a fixed season for the despatch of public business, according to tlie practico of the mother country, "In conclusion, I trust that your delibera- tions may, under tho blessing of Divine Pro vidence, conduce to the permanent prosperitj and happiness of tho people" At the conclusion of the speech, His Excel- lency the Governor rotircd, leaving the mern bers of both Houses to enter upon the business of the session. Tho following tablo shows the manner in which bon. members took their seats in the Legislative Assembly : MINISTERIAL FRONT DENOUES. Mr. Duffy Mr. Spensley \- Grant - K Walsh \- Longmore - O'Grady \- Berry . - M'Lollan. \- Valo BACK BENCHES. Mr. Whiteman Mr. A. T. Clark \- Farrell - Davies \- Woods - Jones \- Mason - Walker. \- Curtain CROSS BENCHES. Mr. Richardson Mr Gillie \- Thomas \- Levien \- Smyth \- Robertson \- Philipps \- Johnstone \- L. L. Smith \- Kerford Mr. Gillies Hanna \- Harker \- M'Kenna \- Burrowes \- King \- Stewart Lieut.-Col. Champ Mr. F. Walsh. FRONT OPPOSITION BENCH. Mr. Francis I Mr. Wilson \- Bates - Mackay \- Wrixon - Cobon. \- M'Pherson I BACK BENCHES. Mr. Lobb \- Crews \- Cunningham \- W. Clarke \- Garratt Mr. Burtfc \- llamsay \- G. V. Smith \- Biddell \- James. OPPOSITION 0I10S3 BENCH. Mr. Purvcs \- Mooro \- Bent ' \- Macgregor \- Cope \- Fergusson \- Patterson \- Langton \- Stephen \- Hopkins Mr. Russell \- Bayles \- Casey \- J. T. Smith \- W. C. Smith \- Fraser \- Plummor \- Watkins \- MacBain. ABSENT. Mr. Bouiko 1 Mr. Witt \- Williams - Zeal. \- Fellows I It will thus bo seen that 72 members woro present in the body of tho House, 5 wero absent, and tho Hon. Captain MacHahon oo cupied the chair as Speaker. In the Legislative Council members wera divided between Ministerial and Opposition benches as follows, but it should be men« tioned that, according to a statement made in the debato on the address, tho place a member takes in the Council chamber has not much "politicalsignificance" :-Ministe- rial side-Mr. Jenner, Mr. T. T. A'Becketti Captain Cole, Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett, Mr. Degraves, Mr. Robertson, Mr. Cumming, Mr. Michie, Mr. Russell, Mr. Highett, Mr. Murphy. Opposition side-Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Skene, Mr. Mackellar, Mr. Anderson, Mr. Turnbull. Dr. Hope, Mr. Strachan, Mr. Fraser, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Simson, Dr. Dobson, Mr. Fitzgerald. As soon as the speech had been delivered, Mr. Jenner announced that he had become the rpresen tative of the Government in that House, and hinted that if there were not two representa- tives instead of one there, it was not the fault of the Government, for several had been asked to join the Administration. The ad* dress in reply was moved by Dr. Dobson, who spoke from the Opposition side, and was seconded by Mr. Cumming. The address waa ultimately agreed to. > An address of congra- tulation to the Queen on the recovery of the Prince of Wales was adopted, and a ttimilar address was also adopted in tho Legislativo Assembly. MOTION OF WANT OP CONFIDENCE IN THE 1IIN1STIIY. The address in reply to the Governor's speech in the Legislative Assembly WSLH moved by Mr. Levien and seconded by Mr. Fraser. Tho debate was adjourned until the following day, when, somowhat to the surprise of Ministers, who had no idea of the existence of a strongly organised Opposition, Mr. Francis, who was Treasurer in .the late M'Culloch Administration arid is the recog- nised leader of the Opposition, moved an amendment on the address which amounted to a motion of want of confidence in the Go- vernment. Mr. Francis brought a heavy bill of indict, ment against the Government, and supported his accusations with unusual force. Hureferrcd to tho Chief Secretary's remarks at the close of the last session, when the House disagreed with his committee on the Railway Bill to con- fer with the Legislative Council, that he had always boen in the habit of looking over the heads of Parliamentary cabals to the people behind him, and that he (Mr. Duffy) believed there were not a dozen members dualling against the Government who would go to their constituents and tell thom what they had been doing. The Chief Secretary, said Mr. Francis, was complaining not of the action of the Opposition only but of a majo- rity of the House. This might have been passed over,_ but the Chief Secretary in his speeches during thoreceBS had given utterance to the same unconstitutional principle, that ho was not so much responsible to Parliament -the people's representatives-as to the people themselves. In fact, he wai prepared to adopt the unconstitutional and objectionable course of absolutely ignoring tho power of Parlia- ment, provided lie could obtain out oí doors tho outward and visible signs of support. If such threats wore to bo allowed, Parliament would only exist subject to tho will and ploasuro of tho .Ministry. If a majority of the Houso were to be termed a cabal and threatened with penal consé- quences, becauso on a secondary question it held different opinions to a Minister, tho sooner bon. members recognised and accepted their degraded position the batter. Mr. Francis next adverted to the entire omission fioni the addross of any mention of tho im poi tant subject of education, which waa the chief question bifore the country at the last general election, and was a prominent topic in the pievious Vico-regal speech. Tho Chief Secretary, he said, was not justified in leaving out a question that Parliament had distinctly affirmed as of the first importance aud entitled lo tho foremost consideration of hon, memheis. The Ministry' were but tho executive of the House, and Parliament would exact its privileges. Mr. Francis theu referred to the omission from the address of all allu- sion to any reform of tho Legislative Council, nnd effectively replied to tho attacks of tho Chief Secretnry during the recess on the admi- nistration of tho Lands department by Mr. Macpherson. Ho concluded by moving as an amendment the following addition to the address :-"But wo regret that the subject of public instruction, in regard to which this Parliament at its first meeting concurred with your Excellency that it is a ' national question,' and 'stands foremost in import- ance,' is not included among the matters which your Excellency's advisors propose to submit, for tho consideration of Parliament." Mr. Wilson seconded the amondraent. Mr. Duffy, in reply, justified his statement that he would look over Parliamentary cabals to tbe people beyond, insisting that the elec- tion of the leader of tho Opposition on tho committee which had boon referred to was a violation of constitutional practico and prece- dent. With reference to tho omission from tho speech of any mention of a proposed reform of tho Upper Home, ho laid it down as a rulo of Parliament that tho speech did not neces- sarily include all the business which tho Government intended to bring boforo Parlia- ment during the session. Touching tho ques- tion of education, ho argued that tbe country at the last general election decided that it would not havo the bill which had boen sub- mitted by Sir Jamos M'Culloch. Again, it was not necessary that an education bill should emanate from tho Government. In fact, the bon. member for Richmond, who now thought it indispensable that tho Educa- tion Bill should bo introduced by a Govern- ment, allowed tho nblest member of his own Government-its lending intellect-when his Education Bill became unpopular, to declaro that it was not a Government measure. Tho education bills which had previously been passed were brought in by private members. He charged the bon. member for Richmond (Mr. Francis) with attempting to make tho question of education a stalking horse for political purposes, knowing at the samo limo that thero could bo no practical outcomo from the course ho was pursuing. It had been insinuated with some force, he remarked, that the reason tho late Govern- ment insisted on being beaten when tboy wore, was that thoy knew tho Education Bill must come next, and that their fate upon it was certain. Tho question was raised last timo in the hopo that a barrior would bo erected around which sectarian animosity would bo excited throughout tho ciuntry. But the country was too generous to follow Mr. Francis's example, and ho was utterly disappointed. Now ho was using tho subject for the same purposo, for he know that if th'e present Government wore dofoated on his motion and walked out of office, and ho were at liborty to form a Government, it would be impossible to form an Adminis- tration which could get a majority that would ogrco upon an education measure Tho hon. member for Richmond on treated the Houso last session not to make the ques- tion ono of party conflict, and now, finding that thore was no other weapon available for him to uso against tho Government, ho insisted on reversing his own proposition, and endeavouring to unseat a Govorumont which was going to deal with subjects which had been neglected for years, and carry out many measures of importance to tho wolfare of tho peonlo. The Imporial Parliament had always made questions of conscience opon questions, and one Government did not inherit the responsibilities of another. His personal im- pression was, if ho did not wholly misappre- hend the spirit and intention of the people of this country, that if tho Ministry walkod out of offico of their own will the lato Go vornment would not bo permitted by this country to rulo it any moro. Tho non, member for Richmond had a career, considering tho rapidity of colonial history, almost as long as Louis Napoleon's. Horuled almostiu the sarao fashion, and ho bad fallon as irretrievably. Mr. Duffy concluded :-" For my part, I havo said boforo, and in saying so I have ex« pressed my earnest fooling, that the bardon of government is ono which I would not endure if I did not feel that I was doing a memorable work, and work which the peoplo of this country are desirous of having accom- plished. Whilo I am of that opinion, trust me, I will not be tricked out of office. When I feel that this is not so, then will I vanish from office cheerfully and promptly, and I should not greatly regret the result. But we have a sacred trust. If I am not to consider that the people of this country are cheats and hypocrites, and to shut my eyes to demonstrations of a more enthusiastic cha- racter than any I have seen for many years, I am bound to believe that the present Govern- ment has the respect and confidence of the people of this country ; and nothing but a significant demonstration of a change in that feeling towards us shall be considered by me a conclusive reason for allowing the hon. member for Richmond to take my place." Mr. Langton spoke next. He expressed his satisfaction that the Chief Secretary was once more brought face to face with members of Parliament, whom,during the recess he had been engaged in maligning. Throughout the whole of the speeches recently delivered by the Chief Secretary there ran the expression of the sentiment that he-- Mr. Duffy-- looked with but little favour at the majority of the members of that House, and that if they showed any independence of spirit, and dared to oppose him or his measures, it would be at the risk of penal consequences to themselves. As an independent member he felt bound to show that he was not afraid of that threat, and every independent member was also bound to show that he was not to be deterred from the performance of his duty by any fear of a dissolution. AUading to one of Mr. Duffy's recent speeches, and to the question put by bim to the Opposition, " Where are you going to, my pretty maid?" he pointed to the fact that the hon. gentleman had been going "amilkine" ever since bo had been in the colony. When first on the Treasury benches he arranged for a supply of milk for the rest of his life (alluding to the pension which Mr. Buffy enjoys as a former Minister of the Crown), and at the commencement of the pre- sent Parliament he endeavoured to get another position than the one he now occupied (the Speakership), but which would have insured a very copious supply of milk. Tho hon. member then went on to contend that, although a number, of members did not approve of Sir James M'Culloch's education bill, they nearly all ogreed that legislation on the subject was absolutely necessary; and the settlement of tho questions of compulsory education, rural schools, and other like subjects, was the duty of a Government, and a duly on the fulfil- ment of which any Ministry might congratulate itself. In supporting the amendment he felt he was fulfilling bis duty both to himself and his constituents. Mr. Berry (the Treasurer) de- nounced the opposition witb which tho Minis- try was met its an unholy coalition between Constitutionalism and M'Callochism, and asserted that the only object was to throw the country into confusion, in order to allow ano- ther set of men to obtain possession of the Trea- sury benches, Never before had an attempt boen made to displace any Ministry upon such a miserable indictment. Mr. G. V. Smith supported the amendment, and characterised the whole career of the non. member for Dalhousie as one devoid of political principle, and of intense faithless selfishness. The debate was then adjourned until Tues- day, the 7th ins t., when it was resumed by Mr, Walker, who, after administering a severe castigation to the Government, crossed the floor of the House and took his seat in the Opposition corner. Mr. W. C. Smith followed, as no supporter of the Ministry rose to take up the cudgels in its behalf. The bon. member condemned the policy of the Government, and asserted that it was the duty of a Ministry to deal with tbo loading topics of the day, no matter how inconveni- ent such a course might prove. The other speakers were Messrs. Vale, Cohen, Wrixon, and Jones. Mr. Yale did not feel himself at home, and lamentably failed to justify his conduct in allying himself with tho Chief Secretaiy. Mr. Wrixon's speech was chieily notable for the strange inconsistency dis- played by that hon. member. He made an able speech against the Ministry, and wound up by declining to vote for the amendment, on tbo ground that the House had condoned the inaction of the Government on the educa- tion question. Next day it was seen that the Opposition were gathering strength as the debate pro- ceeded, while nearly every evening brought to light some now damaging fact in connexion with the bestowal of the Ministerial patronage -a subject which is referred to elsewhere. Mr. J. W. Stephen delivered an able speech from the Opposition benches. He contended thot, in see-king to displace tho Government because they declined to deal with the educa- tion question, the Opposition was raising no false issue, and that if there was a single subject which it was impossible for a private member to bring forward it was that of educa- tion. Tbo bon. member traversed the state- ments made by Mr. Wrixon, and argued that the Houso had in no way accepted the policy of the Government upon this question. The present Government asked to he allowed to do nothing, and he believed that another Government could be formed who would not only do something but would do a groat deal. If, bo submitted, the members of the Ministry wore to bo allowed to decline to deal with difficult questions, then they would fail to fulfil one of the principal objects for which they wore placed in their present position. The House never condoned the neglect of tbo Ministry in dealing with the subject of education ; what it did condone was a number of incongruous elements sitting together on the Treasury benches ; but he did not believe that bon, members were disposed to condone even that any longer. Mr. Patterson and Mr. Casey followed on the same sido, and Mr. Woods and Mr. R. Walsh wero heard contra. The latter argued that the amendment was an admitted sham, and after defending tho appointments which the Government were charged with impro- perly making, contended that the Opposition des>rcd to prevent tbe consideration of the mtusures which the Government wero pre Íiared to submit, and specially that providing or mining on private property. It was Eointedly put by Mr. Casey, however, that tho on. member for Richmond had undertaken the duty, supposing the amendment to be carried, of dealing with the education ques- tion, and that in that fact lay the difference between tbo Government and the Opposition, Tho Government would not deal with the matter ; the Opposition would. He main- tained that members, if they were true to thcmsolves, could not allow the Ministry to treat as an open question one that was of the very greatest importance to the country. The succeeding evening the principal attack on the Ministry was made by Mr. Mackay, late Ministor of Mines. The House then adjourned until Wodnesday, the 15 th ins t., in consequence of the dinner given by the President of the Legislative Council and tho Speaker of the Legislativo Assembly to tho membors of both Houses taking place on the 14th. His Excellency the Governor had previously entertained tho members of both Houses at Toorak. The debato on the 15th was exceedingly animated, and was altogether the best of tho series. Mr. Longmore defended the Government warmly, and indulged ' largely in personalities. Ho submitted that the educational system now in force was a nearer approach to a strictly socalar system than anything the House was likely to get from the Opposition. In reply to some remarks which had been made in regard to tbe antecedents of Mr. Cashel Hoey, the newly-appointed secretary to the agent general, Mr, Longmore defended the action of the rebels in Ireland in '98, and assorted that the colonists of Victoria, under similar circumstances, would have been rebels to a man. Mr. Gillies made tho most powerful speech that had been delivered since the commencement of the discussion of the vote of want of confidence. He reviewed some of the speeches of theChief Secretary, pointingout that in many of his statements he only told just 80 much of the truth as suited him, and sup- pressed tho rest, advancing as a notable illus- tration the fact that ho accused Messrs. Francis and Macpherson of voting in 18C5 for tho Tone wal of the squatters' leases, con- cealing at , the same time the tolling fact,that his own colleague, Mr. Grant, voted for tho same thing ; and Mr. Lang- ton, a leading member ot tho Opposition, voted ogainBt it. Alluding to a liberal bill for mining on private property, which it was said tho Government intended to bring in, the bon. member pointed out that the regula- tions gazetted under the 99 th clause of the present Land Act, providing for mining on alienated land, were of the most illiberal and absurd character. Coming to the education question, he assorted that no Government had a right to retain office in the colony who, upon an important public question, said it had no policy, and did not intend to havo one. Mr. M'Lollan replied in a speech prin- cipally directed against the bon. member for Sandhurst (Mr. Mackay). Mr. Harker in- timated that though hu had intended a few days earlier to vote for the Government, the Chief Secretary's disingenuotisness in regard to the appointment of Mr. Cashel Hoey had caused him to change bis viows, for ho looked upon a man who told part of the truth only and concealed tho rest as little better than a liar. THE NiailT OF THE DIVISION. The debate on the last night of the con- sideration ot Mr. Francisa amendment, Thursday, the 10th ¡nat, was one'.of the most personal that ever occurred iu the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Garratt, iu supporting the amendment, ridiculed tho tall talk of the Chief Secretary with regard to an Australian policy and an Australian flag. He as- sorted that, whilst the present Ministry bad dropped the important question of education, they had only proposed five com*, paratively paltry measures other'than those of the late Administration, viz., the Jury Bill, the Insurance Bill, the Impounding Bill,* the Municipal Bill, and the Scab Bill He denounced the Australian policy which the Chief Secretary had so much boasted of as the most unmitigated bunkum or incipient treason. Criticising some of the appointments of the Government, he made a grave charge against the Treasurer (which is alluded to elsewhere) ia connexioa with the appoint- ment of his father-in-law to the office of paymaster of military pensioners. Mr. Grant acknowledged he was in favour of a system of education compulsory arid free ; but he felt convinced that the amendment, if carried, would not eventuate in the establishment of any such system, The Government should be permitted _ to proceed with those matters of practical legislation which they were ready to go on with. Mr. Bent explained that he felt con- strained to vote with the Government on this question because he had stated before his constituents that he did not believe in any interference with the present educational system of the colony, but if a direct vote of want of confidence were before the House he should vote against the Government. Mr. Macpherson and Mr. Kerferd vigorously attacked the Government. Personal feeling ran high during the debate, aud more than one excited altercation occurred. The House di- vided on the amendment at 2 a.m., with the following result .* For the amendment . 35 Againstit .37 Majority for thoGovornment... 2 The following was the division-list : AYES. Mr. Bates \- Bayles \- Burrowes \- Burtt \- Clarke, W. \- Coben \- Cope \- Crews \- Cunningham \- Fergusson \- Francis \- Garratt \- Gillies \- Harker \- James \- Kerferd \- King \- Langton Mr. Lobb \- MacBain \- Macgregor \- Mackay \- Macpherson \- Moore \- Patterson \- Pur ves \- Ramsay \- Riddell \- Russell \- Smith, G. V. \- Smith, W. C. \- Stephen \- Walker \- Williams \- Wilson. NOES. Mr. Bent Mr. Philipps \- Berry - Plummer \- Bourke - Richardson \- Clark, A. T. - Robertson \- Curtain - Smith, J. T. \- Duffy - Smith, L. L. \- Farrell - Smyth \- Fraser - Spensley \- Grant - Stewart \- Hanna - Thomas \- Hopkins - Vale \- Johnstone - Walsh, F. \- Jones - Walsh, B. \- Levien - Watkins \- Longmore - Whiteman \- Mason - Witt \- M'Kenna - Woods \- M'Lellan - Zeal. \- O'Grady Messrs. Wrixon and Fellows, and the Speaker and the Chairman of Committees, did not vote, and Mr. Casey and Lieut-Colonel Champ paired off, the former in favour of and the latter against the amendment. After the division the Government at- tempted to force the House to agree to the address, leaving the amendment of which Mr. Bent had previously given notice, to the effect that tho Ministry had dispensed its pa- tronage in a way that did notcommend it to the House, and that His Excellency be respectfully requested to chango his advisers, to be dis- cussed as a separate motion. In this endea- vour they were, however, frustrated, and the debate on the address was further adjourned until Tuesday, 21st inst. It does not seem possiblo that the Government can carry on the business of tho country. Several hon. members who supported the Ministry on Mr. Francis's amendment will, it is bolieved, vote against thom on the further amendment, besides which Mr. Fellows and Mr. Wrixon will also, it is understood, support what will be an expressed and unmistakable vote of want of confidence. Mr. Bent's amendment has been handed over to Mr. Francis, as leader of the Opposition. SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST THE TBEASUBEB. Amongst the varied incidents of Thursday's debate in the Legislative Assembly which excited hon. members and lent interest te the proceedings, none produced a greater im- pression or a moro startling sensation than the serious charge brought by Mr. Garratt against the Treasurer in connexion with the appointment of his father in-law as pay- master of Imporial military pensioners. It has been generally admitted that the ap- pointment was highly improper, but Mr. Garratt placed it in'another aspect altogether. The hon. member characterised it as the most corrupt ever mad o by any Government in Victoria, and said that if the whole of the facts of the case were known they would for over condemn the Treasurer to political oblivion and show that the appointment was the reword of "downright infamy." Of course this statement was immediately challenged. Mr. Berry had left the chamber a few minutes beforoit was made, and Mr. Vale objected to such remarks being uttered in the absence of his colleague. After some rather excited conversation, Mr, Garratt-as the time for adjournment for refreshment was very noar agreed to postpone any further remarks until after the refreshment hour, in order that the Treasurer might be present. On the re- assembling of tbo House, Mr. Garratt repeated his statement, and said that after very mature deliberation he could neither retract nor mo- dify it. Mr. Borry characterised the accusation as infamous. Mr. Garratt offered at once to state the wholo of the circumstances which had come to his knowledge, and which jus- tified his accusation ; but, after some dis- cussion, it was agreed that the matter should be referred to a select committee, such com- mittee to report to the House on Tuesday next. The select committee, consisting of Messrs. Macgregor. Macpherson, Wrixon, Robertson, and Lieut.-Colonel Champ, was subsequently appointed. It is understood that the threatened disclosures have reforenco to Mr. Berry's domestic relations. THE GOVERNMENT -ATKONAOE Some of the gravest objoctions that were urged during the debates on the voto of no confidence, to the continuance in office of the present Ministry, wore based upon their exer- cise of patronage. Immediately after the explosion of the little intrigue by which Mr. F. L. Smyth was to resign his seat as member for North Gipps Land, and receive a Crown prosecntorship, to mako way for Mr. Duffy's eldest son, who was to be returned ia his place with " the Gipps Land Railway in his pocket," carno the announcement that Mr. Daffy's second son, a junior clerk in the Law depart- ment, had been made a fourth class clerk, and had received an important permanent appoint- ment in the office, which others were entitled to by right of seniority and experience. This caused a great deal of dissatisfaction, and so also did sovoral other appointments wjiich followed. Mr. Holmes, one of the trio who have performed the office duties of tho Attorney-General and Solicitor-Generalduring the existing régime, was m ado a police magis- trate. Mr. J. H. Dunne, the second of the triumvirate, had already been made a County Court judgo, and it is naturally felt that the third (gentleman will have good reason to complain if he is not provided for before the retirement of the presont Ministry. Then Mr. Dennis, the first officer of a trading steamer, was appointed, _ for some private reason, piermaster at Williamstown, ovor the heads of a great many competent persons who had prior claims. Thes till more glaring instance of nepotism afforded by the appointment conferred upon the Treasurer's father-in law has already been mentioned. But the appointment which has so far proved most damaging to the Ministry is that of Mr. J. Cashel Hoey to the oflico of secretary to the agent-general in London, at a salary of £600 a year. This gentleman was co- editor of the Nation with Mr. Duffy, 17 or l8 years ago. when that journal was notorious for it i treasonable articles ; and a quotation from an old speech by Mr. Cashel Hooy, delivered at a banquetât which Mr. Duffy was present, has recently been published, in which he said " I, too, boast of rebel blood, aud am proud to boar the names of two ancestors, one o' whom died in the Cromwellian wars, and another upon the gallows of Drogheda in '98 -prouder, aye ten million times prouder, than if tho blood which they shed had floated down to mo a duke's coronet upon its tide." It was not the appointment, however, which gavoso much offence, as the disingenuous way in which Mr. Duffy tried to shuflle out of the responsibility of having made it. When questioned in regard to it, he pro- mised to lay the correspondence on the table, remarking that the letters would amply ex* plain everything. He read these letters, and distinctly left it to bo inferred that Mr. Childers bad made the appointment. But in cross- examination it was forced out ot him that be had himself recommended Mr. Cashel Hoey for the post, and that he had not kept a copy of this letter of recommendation. This transaction, alienated from the Ministry a large number of friends. Mr. Francis in- tends to seek an expression of opinion from the Houso on the appointment, and mean- while its ratification lies in abeyance. THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL CONTRACT. The articles of contract made between the Victorian and New Zealand Governments and Mr. W. H. Webb, for a mail service between Victoria and Francisco via New Zealand, have been laid before Parliament. Subject to ratification by the Legislative Assembly of Victoria and the House of Representatives of New Zealand, the contract is arranged to come into force on the 19th September, 1372, and continue in operation for the period of eight years and six months. The servico will be called "The California, New Zealand, and Australia Mail Line," and the annual subsidy payable by Victoria will bo £32,600. Now Zealand will have to furnish the sum of £27.500 annually. It is provided that a sufficient number, not less than four, of good andefiicientsteamers, equal in power and capacity to the Nevada, Ne- braska, and Dacota, shall bo employed, and the time occupied in the transmission of the mails between Melbourne and San Francisco must not exceed 780 hours, or 32 days 12 boura. The time allowed between San Francisco and Auckland is 600 hours. The contractors will he liable to a penalty of £2 per hour for any unnecessary delay in the delivery of mails, and the Governments of the respective colonies will pay an allowance at the same rate for the delivery of mails before the contract time. It seems doubtful, according to the arrangements proposed, whether four steamers will be sufficient for the service. A vessel is to leave San Fran- cisco every 28- days for Auckland, where another steamer will be in waitint** to carry the Victorian mails direct to Melbourne Having transhipped her Victorian mails, the through steamer will proceed to Wallington Lyttelton, and Port Chalmers, and from thence to Melbourne. From Melbourne a through steamer will leave every 28 days carrying mails direct to Auckland and San Francisco. The Port Chalmers. Lyttelton and Wellington mails for San Francisco wil be brought to Auckland by a branch steamer and transhipped to the through steamer. The contractors are to be allowed to call at two in termediate places, but not more, between thn termini ; and these places may be at any of the Hawaian, Society, or Navigator's Islands, as the contractors moy select. The contrac- tors are also to he at liberty to carry mails between New Caledonia and the Pacific islands, and between those places and New Zealand and Victoria. It is further pro- vided in the contract, amongst other things, that the Governments of Vic toria and New Zealand may make arrange- ments with any of the other Australian colonies for participation in this service upon such terms as may be agreed upon. The sums which may be received from the other colonies are to bo first charged with payments for the conveyance of the mails, and the surplus will be distributed as follows : -One-third to the contractors, and the resi- due to the extent of £2,500 to the Government of Victoria; the receipts in excess of that amount to be equally divided between the Governments of victoria and New Zealand. Unfortunately for the Ministry, this con- tract has been universally condemned. It is not at all likely that it will ever be ratified by the Victorian Parliament in its present form. The bargain is altogether one-sided. If Victoria accepts her share in it, she will havo to pay £32,500 per annum for eight years and a half, and get nothing in return but some little shortening of the postal route between the colong and the United States of America. A mail line via California can never be of muchuse tous as ! a means of communication with Europe. If we wish to improve upon our present arrange- ments in that direction, we can obtain a fortnightly service via Suez and Brindisi by paying an additional £10,000 or £12,000 a year ; and then we should have nothing more to desire. Aproposal was made some time since by Mr. Hall, backed up by the Australian Steam Navigation Company, to undertake a service similar to that for which Mr. Duffy has bargained with Mr. Webb, for the sum of £25,000 a year, and to perform it with steamers quite equal, if not superior, to Mr. Webb's. Had tbisproposalbeenacceptedweshould have bad the work quite as well done, at a cheaper rate, and by means of colonial enterprise. A singular defect in the contract is, that it makes no provision for the transmission of European mails at al). The line is to be simply an Australian, New Zealand, and San Francisco line. The arrangement of the terminus of the proposed line is not the least unsatisfactory portion of the contract It is true that Mr. Duffy made some attempt to have Melbourne made the terminus of the Webb lino ; but ho only succeeded in part, and hy paymg a higher price for the conces- sion than it is worth. Of the £32,500 a year which Victoria is to contribute towards the maintenance of the service, £5,000 is to be paid in consideration of a branch monthly steamer coming on to Melbourne from Auck land with the Victorian mails and passengers. Melbourne will also be the port of departure outward, the Wellington, Lyttelton, and Port Chalmers mails being transhipped into the steamers when they touch at Auckland on their outward voyage. But it is doubtful whether the colony would not gain more by pmploying her own ships between Hobson's Bay and Auckland, even if there were no £5,000 a-year to pay. Mr. Duffy seems to have lost the substance while grasping at a shadow. Under his contract, the Californian steamers would be mere visitors to our port, like the ships of the Peninsular and Oriental Company ; while if we brought the mails from Auckland in our own ships, Hobson's Bay would be their head- quarters, and Melbourne would profit by their expenditure. To make Hobson's Bay the real terminus of the lino, the mails for the New Zealand ports should be transhipped at Auckland, and sent on by branch steamers, the Californian through steamers coming direct to our port ; but in this as in other matters Mr. Duffy has permitted Mr. Vogel to get to windward of him. On other grounds thecontractis disapproved of. While the steam postal service performed by the Peninsular and Oriental Company via Suez is being conducted with increasing efficiency and despatch, the state of things in connexion with the Californian line is precisely the reverse. Tho Nebraska, which left San Francisco with the March mails, we learn by telegram via Galle, cracked her steam chest the first day out (27th March) and had to put back. She was to sail again on the 0 th April, and would in that case have been due at Auckland on the 1st of May, but on the 7th inst, the date of our latest advices from New Zealand, nothing had been heard of her. Beckoning from the original date of sailing, she was then 1C days overdue. To match the performance of the Nebraska, tho City of Melbourne, which loft Sydney on the 0th inst. with the mail for San Francisco, broke down when COO miles out, and had to return to port under sail. Tlieso dis- asters have not decreased the dissatisfaction with which the new contract is regarded. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The business of tho Legislative Council subsequent to the adoption of tho address in reply to the opening speech, has been almost confined to the consideration of the Fencing Bill, a measure which provides that a two railed fence shall be deemed a substantial one, The bill, which was brought in by Mr. Jennor, has passed its second reading. A bill to test the validity of bye-laws in certain cases, brought in by Dr. Dobson, has also been read a second time. Dr. Hope was elected chair- man of committees for the session. Nine months' leave of absence has been granted to Mr. Michie, who is about to visit Europe in tho hope of gaining relief from an affection of the throat, which has entirely deprived him of his voice. POLITICAL DEMONSTRATIONS. During the debates on the vote of no confidence, public meetings in tho interest of the Government were got up in tho loading country townB, and a good deal of turgid declamation was expended on behalf of Mr. Duffy and his colleagues. Counter demon- strations wer« also held, but the supporters of the Ministry seem to have been most active in these organisations. In Melbourno the frionds of the Government met one night in the Temperance-hall, and in Richmond a similar meeting was held in the Town-hall. The proceedings on both occasions were more amusing than edifying, POPULATION OF VICTORIA AND NEW SOUTH WALES. The subjoined tables show the numbera of tho populations of New South Wales and Vic- toria, classified according to the respective ages of the peoplo, and exhibiting also the several increases between 18G1 and 187L It will bo seen that the increase of population has progressed with far greater rapidity in New South Wales than in Victoria. The population of New South Wales in 1801 was 350,800 porsons, and that of Victoria 510,322 persons. . In 1871 the respective num- bers were 503 981 and 731,528, showing an.increase during the 10 years on the part of New South Wales of 153,121, and on tho part of Victoria of 191,206. Had the population of Victoria, however, increased as rapidly as that of the sister colony, the increase should have been 235,805, and the total population 770,127 instead of 731,528. Taking the rate of increase in New South Wales, therefore, as a guide, it will be found that the increase in the population of Victoria during the 10 years from 1861 to 1871 was 44,599 less than it should have been, or nearly 13 per cent, less than the increase in New South Wales during the same period. The population between the ages of 20 and 35 in New South Wales, instead of exhibiting a large decrease, actually Bhows an increase of 29,235 persons. But during tho last 10 years, the Victorian population between the ages of 21 and 35 decreased by 42,700. The Victorian returns between the ages named would have shown much worse had it not been for the increoseof thefemalepopulation; for, botween the ages of 21 and 35, there was an increase in thofemalepopulationof5,701. As to children in the 10 years in Victoria, the increase on 20,933 infants under one year old was only 3.659 ; in New South Wales, on 12,049, it was 6,043. Between the ages of ono and two years tho increase was-Victoria, on 18 210, only 3,866 ; New South Wales, on 10,865, as much as 5,083. Between the ages of two and three years-on l8 423 in Victoria, au increase of 5,544: on 11308 in New South Wales, 5,035. The following are the tables : VICTORIA. Under 1 year 1 to 2 years 2 to 3 jearB Uto i 3oars 4 to 0 years 5 to 0 yeaiB Oto 7 j ears 7 to 8 yeais 8 to 0 yea« 0 to 10 years 10 toll j ears Uto 12 years 12 to 13 sears 15 to 14 jears 14 to 16 years 16 to 20 year« io to 21 years 21 to 26 years 26 to 80 years 20 to 35 years 36 to 40 years «Oto46 yean 46 to 60 years 60 to 66 years 66 to 60 years CO to 06 years 86 to 70 years "0 to 76 years 76 to E0 years 80 and upwards .. Total Bptolflîd.. Unspecified Total oi Victoria. Population. 1801. 20,033 18 210 18 423 17 430 10 370 14 C»7 12 008 10.244 8 001 0 040 7102 0 166 0,569 82 718 0 630 46,708 79 003 68 266 43 879 31,706 17 490 12 864 6,072 4 727 1,693 934 361 241 634,863 6 459 610,322 1871 21402 22 076 23 907 23 703 22,325 21421 21614 21012 21,228 20.219 19,678 17 211 17105 15 770 16,711 64.288 10 058 89,120 53 093 57 055 01,695 52 523 33,273 24 O80 13 447 10 069 4.817 3 307 1,121 703 729 226 731,523 NEW S0UIH WALE9. Ages. Population. 1861. 1871. Incroano or Daorease. Uudor 1 year 1 to 2 years 2 to 8 years 3 to 4 j cara 4 io 6 years 6 to 6 years 6 to 7 }ears 7 to 8 5 cara 8 to 9 years 9 tolO sears 10 lo 11 years 11 to 12 joara 2 to 13 yoars 13 to 14 years 14 to 15 } ears 15 to 20 3ears 20 to 25 jears 25 lo 80 years Ï0IO35 years 36 to 40 years 40 to 45 years 46 to 60 yoars 60 to 65 years 66 to 60 jears IO to 65 years 66 to 70 3 ears 70 to 75 years 76 io 80 years SO ard upwards Unspecified Total« .. 12 0(0 10 805 11363 10 822 10 736 9,993 8 901 8 312 7 334 7 200 7.808 0.078 7,502 6 456 7 278 83 010 83 368 84 432 26,845 2U027 10 740 14,354 11608 0 234 5.E93 2189 1,466 611 18 092 15 018 16.403 16 474 15 067 15 000 14,636 14 352 13,503 13,130 12 953 11311 11.591 10,820 10,091 42,630 42 274 43.617 37,939 32 957 25.899 l8 162 17 817 11351 0 302 4 850 5 619 1276 077 1073 0,043 6,083 6 035 5 652 4 331 6.092 6 635 0.040 6.169 6,027 5 160 4.633 4 039 4,370 8,713 8 930 8 906 9 185 11141 12,910 0 159 3 808 0149 5,117 3.404 2,661 2,143 661 450 -5 653 603 US I 163,121 1* OIK-In cases wbero a diminution han tatton place the minns sign (-) is prefixed to tho decrease. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The industry of gold mining has been pursued during the pa-t month in a steady and satisfactory manner. There has been fccarcely any novelty to record in tho form of r»ew discoveries, but on the other hand the accounts received from the various districts show that the yield of gold still continues exceedingly good, and is even better than it was last year, which was the most profitable since 1860. The total vield in 1871, though larger than that of 1870, was not equal in .imount to the yield of years previous to 1870 ; hut although fora long time past the number of miners has gradually decreased, as the men e mployud on the different fields havo become engaged in more profitable or congenial pursuits, the decline in tho yield of gold has been arrested, and at the pre- sent time the occupation is more payable in proportion to the miners employed than it was at any previons time within the last 12 years. This satisfactory position of the in- dustry is without doubt attributable to the many valuable discoveries of new quartz-reefs that have occurred latterly and tho further development of existing lines of reefs which have been prospected for by new companies on ground through which, according to mining tkill, it might be supposed the continuations of the existing reefs would run, and be found ?f searched for. Tho success that has attended the efforts of the companies formed and worked for the discovery of extensions of existing reefs, has been very great, and has brought quartz-mining into Buch prominence that tho yields from it now equal, if they do not exceed, those from the oidor system of alluvial diggings. The discovery of any new ¡ino of reef, or of a continuation of an exist- ing reef, is a mattorof much more importance to the community than the mere value of the gold contained in the claim of the for- tunate finders, as it is bat an introduction to many other discoveries of the same kind in its locality. The valuo of quartz-reefs here is con- stantly increasing in the estimation of the public as time shows that those already de- veloped are of a much moreextensivecharacter than was formerly imagined, and that they are auriferous to a much greater depth than was previously thought of. So much has the value of this kind of property increased, that pros- pecting for reefs is now being carried on more extensively and energetically than over, and capital is being expended in a very liberal manner wherever there is anything like a genuine chance of a return for tho outlay. In and around Sandhurst, where the ground is certainly richer in a gold-producing point of view than any yet known in the world, prospecting is going on to an extraordinary extent, but not more so than those who understand and have faith in the district consider advisable. A very few of such prizes of claims as have within the last two years been developed in that neighbourhood will amply repay the money now being invested, and it is confidently expected that many au oh prizes will be the result of present ondea vours, The success of the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute Company, which has been previously noted in summaries, still continues, their return for the fortnight ending 9th May being no less than 2,562oz. The reof in this company's claim, which was only struck last October, returned between the 20th of November, 1871, and the end of last month, from 4,079 tons of stone, 34,353oz. 8dwt., or 1 ton lowt. Oqr. 3Alb. of gold, of the value of £135,264. A formidable, though most de- sirable, rival of this valuable claim has, how- ever, now come forward in the Lazarus New Chum Company, which obtained for the fortnight ending May 9, a cake weighing 2,443oz. lOdwt. of gold, and there was every reasonable prospect, from the appearance of their mine, of a continuance of such yields. The Great Extended Hustler's Beef Com- pany, of which the company men- tioned above is only a tribute, is also giving capital yields, and their shares, which last September were worth £7 7s,, aro now quoted at £13 10s. and £13 16s. The present market value of their claim is £300,000.. From nearly all the other quartz mining districts the news is very encouraging, and there are prospects, from recent event*, that Ballarat, which in the past has been so exceedingly rich in alluvial mines, will yet prove to be an extensive reefing country. The returns of the quantity of gold exported at the Custom-houso this year do not equal in amount those for corresponding, periods of 1871, the amount of the last published return, which appeared on the 29th April, bmng 561,081oz. for 1871, and 479,581oz. for 1872 This apparent decrease has led to a slight revival of the cry which had been for some- time previously silenced, that the yield o' gold is falling off, hut a few momenta cou sideration of facts would show that the decrease appearing on the figures is only apparent, and arises simply from theclrcum stance that in the first few weeks of 1871, a large quantity of gold was exported which was obtained in 1870, and which, as a matter of fact, belonged to the last- named year, The quantity exported even in the first week of 1871, namely, 124,876oz, was so large that nearly the whole of it must havo been obtained in December, 1870, and if the same rate had been kopt up during the whole of the year, the total export would have been 6,493,652oz. instead of 1,355.477oz., thoactual amount. The following table shows the exact amounts exported in the first three weeks of the years 1870. 1871, and 1872 : - JanuiiyB .. JanusiylB .. January 20 _ 88 278 8(1278 80,278 124.870 178 144 194 D27 00,191 03,250 03,260 The inequalities of the figures in the table were afterwards somewhat modified, but the amounts exported in tho different periods show that a vory large proportion of tho quantities set down for the first few weeks of 1871 was tho produce of 1670, and was only credited to 1871\. either through being held back in the bands of buyers or retained by the banks for the most suitable mode or time of exportation. Tho amount so held back by the buyers or tho banks must have exceeded the apparent decrease of the portion of this yoar, up to the 5i9th April, as compared with the correspond- ing portion of 1871, and therefore, so far as we have gone in this year, instead of there being a falling off, there has been an increase over the excellent returns of lastyear. Again, the people who raise the cry of failure of the gold-fields, do not bear in mind the gradual decrease in tho number of miners, through their being drafted off to other pursuits. During 1871 there was a decrease of 2,251 miners, or about 4 per cent, of the whole number engaged on the diggings in 1870 ; and when it is borne in mind that the decrease is still going on, it may be safely reckoned that, comparing our present yield of gold with the number of men engaged ob- taining it, the industry is more prosperous oven than it was last year, and much more co than in m any years before it. Some idea of the improved value of mining property in the colony generally may be formed when it is stated that at the end of 1871 it was esti- mated at £12,275,040, or £4,590,868 more than in 1870. The mineral statistics of the Government mining department for the year 1871 contain some particulars important to residents of Victoria and persons at a distance who are interested in its welfare. The following in- formation is gathered from the statistics. It is impossible to state what quantity of gold is raised in any year, but the following figures afford the best data on which esti- mates may be founded : 1870. 1871 Expoikd Raised .. Porch« ed Oz. 1.222 793 1 304 805 1 244 910 1 355,477 1 883 042 1,200.844 Tho quantity exported was ascertained from Customs returns ; mining registrars furnished the estimates of the quantity raised ; and tbe banks gave returns of the quantity they had purchased. The mean nu m ber of miners em- ployed during tho yoar 1871 was 58,111, less by 2.254 than the number employed during the year 1870. Tho mean numbers of alluvial miners and quartz miners on the gold- fields for the years 1870 and 1871 respectively were as follows : «lluvlil minera.. Qiur'zinineTp .. The number of Chinóse miners in 1871 was 15 6G9,moreby590thaninl870. Not more than 87 Chinese were returned as quartz miners. Dividing the value of the total quantity of gold exported amongst the mean number of miners employed in alluvial mining and quartz mining, it appears that io 1871 the average was per man for the year £93 Ga, 0.62d.; and for 1870, £81 0J. G'4l5d. It tho produce of alluviums be distinguished from the produce of quartz reefs, it appears that in 1870 the average per man in alluvial mines waa JEG1 8s. 5¡/d, and in 1871, £65 17s. llAd. In quartz raines the average per man was £133 3s. lljd. in 1870, and £104 10s. 4J. in 1871- It should be remembered, when considering these figures, that the miners are the holders of claims and leased lands of the estimated value of £12,275.046, und of machinery worth £¿,060,885. They have earned these, and paid for them by their labour. Auriferous quartz is now obtained at great depths in some of the mines. The New North Clunes Company's shaft at Clunes is 900ft. in depth ; tho Extended Cross Com- pany's shaft at Pleasant Creek is 880ft. ; the Albion Company's shaft at Steiglitz is 860ft.; and the shaft of the Collmann and Tacchi Company at Sandhurst is 748ft. The depth from tho surface of the levels from which quartz is got in those mines ranges from 720ft. to 855ft., and the yields from arge parcels of quartz are good. Tbat rich quartz is now raised in Victoria from depths considerably below the level of the sea is a fact of great importance and of high scientific interest. Tho mass of evidence accu- mulated by the department during the past 13 years proves beyond doubt that the reefs are ostrich at great depths as at the surface. The mining registrars and mining surveyors esti- mate the value of the lands held for gold mining purposes in 1871 at £12,275,016-more by,£4,590,868 tbaniul870. Thisgreatincrease is explained by the 'development of quartz mining in tho Sandhurst and Pleasant Creek divisions. The total value of the gold exported from tbo date of the first discovery to the 31st December, 1871, at £4 per ounce, was £103,019,221. The lost quarterly balance-sheet of the New North Clunes Company (formed in 1857) shows the following figures :-Paid-up capital, £51,608 : value of gold sold to date of balance sheet, £427.241 12a. 3d.; credit balance at bank, £7,360 10s. Ud. Under the head of expenditure, there is-Claim, £11,657 3s. 7d. ; salaries, £3,103 Is. 10d.; contracts, £78,860 13s. 8d.; labour, £36,727 10s. 4d.; charges, £53,Í9310P. 6d.; plant, £24 691 12s. 7d.: divi- dends, £207,056. Clunes Water Commission, £25,000. A parcel of 147oz. of gold, obtained from six machinefulsof woshdirt, from a new lead recently discovered by Mr. Kitto, at the Cen- tral Mine, Malmsbury, and adjoining the Lord Malmsbury Mino, has been on view in the window of Messrs. Kilpatrick and Co., Collins-street, Melbourne. This lead is on ground in the possession of an English com- pany, and as the mine has been for sometime abandoned as worthless, it will be peculiarly gratifying to the English shareholders, after this lapse of time, to receive something in the shape of a dividend, and especially should the lead prove to be as rich as is anticipated. Berlin, which in former times was so prolific of large nuggets, has yielded another auriferous prize. Messrs. Murphy and Scott haye been the fortunato finders of a lump of gold weighing 421b. 8oz., the samo party having on the previous day turned up a smaller bit of lOoz, lOdwt. Their claim is situated near Blow's store, on Christmas-flat, the depth of sinking being only 9ft. A nugget weighing 127oz. is reported as having been found at Kitty's Lead, near Ballarat, Gin. under the surface, on Thursday, the 16th inst., by ono of a party of four men who have been working there for some time with varying success. AGRICULTURE. Considerable anxiety has been felt daring the past autumn in the inland agricultural and pastoral districts, on account of the con- tinued absence of rain in quantity. The showers that fell at intervals were light and insufficient to moiston the ground for plough- ing or sowing. During the last fortnight a chango has taken place ; rain has fallen over a large extent of country, but our latest advices show that several districts were still misapplied. Towards the close of last week, rain began to fall heavily along tho southern coast, and from the broken character of the weather, there is reason to hopo that our next advices from distant parts of the colony will removo all,anxiety with regard to supplies of that indispensable element, water. We hear of no scarcity of grass ex- cepting in certain of the nortb-wostern did tricia, which have been overrun with grass- hoppers or locusts. These pests, however, die at the approach of cold weather, and bith at Horsham and Casterton a few slight frosts seem to have put an end to their ravages for this season. The chief event of tho month bos been the publication of tho agricultural statistics of the colony of Victoria for tbe year ending 31st March, 1872. They serve to confirm the impression by which mercantile men have been guided on 'Chango. In sum- marising the harvest returns of its special correspondents, The Australasian, in its issue of April 20, mentions 12 to 14 bushels per acre as the probable average yield of wheat ; the exact yield proves to be 13 45 bus beta. In the previous year The Australasian reports were thought to justify a yield of li bushel-) ; the actual result was 10'1 bushels per acre. Thus, although these reports of press corre- spondents cannot supply the place of ttiu Government statistics, tbey have proved won- derfully reliable so far as they go, enabling . those who are conversant with the agriculture 'of the colony to make very close guesses at the actual'results.' The average yield of oats has been 18'76 bushels ; of potatoes, 323 tons ; and of hay, 1.0 tons. From the various tables we ascertain that the extent of land under tillage had increased from 909,015 acre- in 1871 to 937,220 acres in 1872, Tho area under wheat had increased from 284,107 to 334,009 acres, being an increase of 50.442 acres. The only considerable docreaso had been in the item of hay, the area of cultiva- tion having diminished from 103,181 to 103,200 acres, or a decrease of 69,975 acres. The yield of almost every description of crop shows an increase for 1872 ovor the previous year, as will bo seen from the following figures ¡-Grain Crops.-Wheat, 4 500,795 bushels; increase, 1,630,386bushell. Oats, 3,299.889 bushels ; increaso, 1,002,879 bushels. Barley, 335,500 bushels; increase, 91,081 bushels. Maize, 30,833 bushols ; in- crease, 20,028 bushels. Beans, millet, and sorghum, 173,217 bushels; increaso, 99,708 bushels. The only decrease under tbo hoad grain crops is in tho item " rye and bere." the production of which bos fallen from 14,856 bushels in 1871 to 8,490 bushels in 1872, The total produce of grain had increased from 5,450,577 bushels to 8,348,730 bushels, a difference of -.892,159 bushels. In green crops, exclusive of those in market and kitchen gardens, there had been an increase of 8,985 tons ; the totals for tho two years being 150,108 and 159,003 respectively. The production of hay hod diminished from 183,708 tons in 1871 to 144,637 tons in 1872. \- In tobacco the increase bad been very marked, the return for 1871 Riving only 407cwt, while the production in 1872 reached 2,307cwt. The yield of grapes had increased by 12 749cwt., and the production of wine by 84,370gal., the returns showing 713,589gal. as against 629,219gal. Of brandy, 1,579.al. had been manufactured, as against only 73gal. during the former period. With reference to tho vintage, it is explained that while the ncreage, number of vines. &c; , are for the year ending 31st March, 1872, the quantity of grapes gathered and of wine aud brandy made oro for the previous season The grape crop comes in too late to admit of its being returned when the agricultural sta- tistics are collected. Tho following tablo shows the aroa under wheat, and its gross and averago produce in the entire colony during each of tho last 10 years, as follows :- _ .car Ending Much 81. IBM 1865 150*3 1807 1868 1809 1870 1871 1872 Aroa. Acres. 102 008} 149 802 125.010 178 0*28 208 688 216089 259 801 283,611 281,107 831,609 Bu*.hol**. 8 008.487 1,888 762 1 899 378 8,514.227 4.6.1,205 8 -11.063 4 229,228 6 607,050 2,870.409 4.500.705 Averago Bushels. 18 6 00 15*2 19*7 22 3 16 7 10 3 19 8 10 1 13 5 In pedigreed cattle some important move- ments have taken place. Mr. M'Dougall recently shipped for Mr. G. Loder, of the Hunter River, New South Wales, his three year-old colonial-bred shorthorn Great Count {by Count of the Empire) ; his two year-old English-bred Hereford bull, Ox- ford Lad ; and four young Hereford cows, with young heifer calves at foot, for the lump sum of 1,200 guineas. Great Count on arriv ing in Sydney found a new ownor, at COO guineas. "With the above, and for the same destination, went Mr. Petty's black polled Angus cattle, eight in number, imported by him last year from Mr. William M'Combie, M.P., of Tillyfour, AberdeonBhire. The cargo of the boat (che steamer You Yangs) also included four prime two-year-old i-borthoni heifers (some of which are in calf to tbo celebrated bull Field-marshal Booth), purchased by Mr. White, of Edinglassie, Hunter River, from Mr. M'Dougall, at long prices. The salo of young bulls imported a thort time ago by Mr. W. M'Culloch, took place on May 2, with the following result« : The first lot offered was the roan bull Zero, calved in June, 1870. Upon a bid of 100 guineas a rise of 50 guineas was immediately made, and after some sharp bidding of 10 guineas at a time, be was knocked down to Mr. J. C. Addis for 270 guineas. Thorndale Duko, aged one year and seven months, was then put up. He was sold to Messrs. A. Tobin and Co., of Winbar Station, River Darling, for 160 guineas. The roan bull A cb met, calved in September, 1870, was bought by Messrs. Staughton Brothers for 180 guineas. My Lord, a 15 months old bull, was bought by Mr. Ettershank for 170 guineas. Launcolot, a large-boned young bull, calved in December, 1870, very low in condition, was bought by Mr. Fraser for 100 guineas, that being the only bid made. On the same occasion, but for a different owner, Mr. Dougherty also sold the imported bull Doctor Faustus, for the sum of 150 guineas. A sale of pure bred shorthorns, the property of Messrs. W,, Degraves and Co., took place on the 17th ¡nat., at the National Agricultural Society's grounds. The sale was conducted in a steady downpour of rain, which made tho company extremely se lect, The biddings for some of the supe- rior animals of tbo herd, howevor, were very brisk, and very fair prices were realised. MEAT-PRESERVING. Tho advices by the March mail have not yet affected the amount of the exports. In the four weeks ending May 11, no lesa thai 718,7191b. of preserved meat, chiefly mutton, wero exported, and the bulk of the shipments went to London. The Melbourne Meat-pre Berving Company,.though they had modified their operations to a slight extent, shipped more than half the total quantity-viz., 441,8031b. Cattle aro preserved to only a small extent ; it is principally sheop that the companies buy, and at the presont time they are rather high- priced. The rates are from 10s. to as much as 15s. per head. The disposition here is to attribute the fall in prices in the London markot, not to the circumstance tbat a number of tin» were condemned as bad, but to the large increase in the shipments from Aus- tralia and New Zealand which has taken place within the last year, and to the fluctu- ating nature of the demand. The Btate of things that the principal companies are pre- pared for by advices is this-an active de- mand for a time, then a slacknoss, as if con- sumers-had become tired of the meat, to bo f ol Uwed by a revived demand when prices have fallon low. These sudden depressions of the market are trying to the young companies ; but most of the works are now in the hands of a few large capitalists, and the monthly sales are not so much depended on as they wero formerly to keeping operations going. The directors of the Geelong Meat-pre- serving Company have issued a report and balance-sheet, showing the results of the operations from November last to tho month of April. The directors report that the num- ber of sheep slaughtered was 40,197 and the number of cattle 274 head. They had con- sidered it advisable toextend the plant of the company, and the works are now capable of preserving 4,600 sheep per week, or an equiva- lent number of cattle. Estimating the value of meat consigned to London and on hand at a low figuro, the directors reported the satisfactory balance to the credit of prout, and loss account of £2,072 15s, 3d., from which, however, it was not deemed advisable to recommend a dividend at present. Tbo business of the Ballarat company has become important enough to justify an ap- plication for a platform and siding at the works, on the Ballarat and Creswick line. The company now slaughter 3,000 sheep per week, and expect shortly to slaughter at the rate of 5,000. A meeting of the shareholders of the Aus- tralian company, now in process of winding up, was held recently. The object was to inquire into the position of affairs, and the meeting was adjourned until a later date. LABOUR MARKET. The prospects of the labour market still continue to wear an encouraging appearance. In' many trades the workmen available are quito inadequate to supply the demand, and this is particularly observable in the boot making trade, in which all the mon aro fully employed, and a large number of extra hands would bo taken on. In most other trades there appears to be a good demand for competent bands. The supply of domestic servants is again very scanty, and really good female servants are eagerly engaged at the highest quoted rates. Female cooks for ptivato families are in great request, and very high rates are paid for good cooks. In all classes of house servants the demand is much greater than the strpply. Persons not trades- men, and unable to do pick-and-shovel work, und it very difficult to obcain employment at rates that will barely und their food. The following are the rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £26 to £30 per annum ; female cooks, receive from £35 to £52 per annum ; male ao" 20s. to 70s. per week ; nursemaids, £20 to £3ô per annum ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels-Cooks, male and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15s. to 25s. per week. For Stations - First-class married couples for homo stations. £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do. . cooks, £40 to £52 per do, ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-Men cooka, £4o to £52 per annum; married couples, £50 to £60 per do. ; female general servants, £25 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, -£40 to £45 per annum : shephords first class, £35 to £45 do.; hutkeûpers, £25 to £30 do, ; general station hands, 15s. to 20s. per week. Farm Servants. -Ploughmen, £35 to £45 per annum ; ordinary farming men, under long engagement, £40 to £45. All the ubove servants are fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations aro given the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria:-101b. to 121b. meat (boot or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugaT, and iib. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Stonemasons and plastorera receivo 10s to 11s. per day ; carpenters from 8s. to 9s. per do.; slaters, 10s. to 11s. per do.; bricklayers receive 10s. ner day, but most of the work is done by tho piece ot somewhat lower rates : labourers get from Ga. to 7s. per day ; pick-and-shovol men, get 6s. per day. The day's work is eight hours. Cabinetmakers.-Tne average earnings ia this trade for good workmen are £2 15a. per week, and for Becond-class workmen about 45s. per week, while the secretary of the Cabinetmakers' Association places the ave- rage) at 40s. per week. Stevedores' Men, &c.-Lumpers; and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, IBs. per day. Work has been for some time past very slack, and there aro a great many men out of employment. Donkey-ungino drivers get about £4 per week ; engineers in tow-boats, £16 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Painters and Glaziors.-The prico paid for tradesmen in the shops is from 9a. to 10s. per day. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 60s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ; slaughtermen receivo from 40s. to 50s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (pork butchers) receivo 40s. to COs, per week, Clothing Factories.-In factories where the work is done on the premises the wages earned are as follows :-Tailoresses, from £1 to £115s. per week ; pressers, £2. From 12a. to 15s. is earned at shirt-making in factory hours, but the greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30a. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 6, During tho past month the hands havo been fully employed on the orders for winter goods Farriers,-First class foremen got about £3 per week ; door-men, from £2 to £2 10s. ; time 10 hours per day. Farriers for the country get from 20s. to 30a. per week, and their board and lodging. In many parts of the country good farriers are much needed. Bootmakers.-Business in this trade con- tinues brisk, andfull em ploymentis obtainable for all hands. There is no change in the rates of wages, For rivetting children's boots as Iowas Cd. per pair has been paid, and Is. for women's boots, lOd. for boys', and Is. 3d. for men's boots ; and about the samo rates for Qmshing. In the retail trado tho rates paid remain about the same. In a few of the best shops tho rates paid aro-Wellingtons, 10a, ; elastics, 7s. Od. ; closing, 8s. Tinsmiths.-The great demand for good tradesmen by the meat-preserving companies still keeps the price of wages in this trade high. At the meat- preserving works, good workmen get from £3 to £4 per week of eight hours per day, but the work is very hard. In the trade, the rate is £210s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Plumbers and Gasfitters receivo £3 per week of eight hours per day. Ironworkers.-The rates paid aro as fol- low :-Boilermakers, 12s. per day ; black- smiths, 12s. do. ; fitters, 11s. do. ; tumors, 12s. do. ; labourers, 7s. do. There are great complaints of want of work, and many men are out of emolovment. Brass finishers and Moulders.-Competent hands are scarce in this trade. The rates paid are from 10?. to 12s. per day. Coachbuilders.-Smiths, from £2 10a. to £3 10s. per week. A few men earn as high as £4 per week. Bodymakers.-Most of this work is done by the piece. " Good tradesmen can eorn from £3 to £3 10s. Wheelers.-AU this work is done by the piece. Painters receive from 9d. to Ils. per day. Trimmers earn from £3 to £310s. per week. There is a fair amount of work doing in this trade, and steady work- men do not want employment. In this trade the day's work is 10 hours. Watch Jobbers and Jewellers.-Good work- men get £4 in the first-class shops. Manu- facturing jewellers receive from £2 15s. to £3 15s, per week. A few of the better workmen receive as high as £5 and £6 per week. There arc a good many men out of employ in this trade. Coopers.-Mont of the work in this trade is lone by the piece ; the wages fixed by the trade are 30s. per day of 10 hours. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week ; dtiveis, from 40a. to 50s. per do. Tailors.-in first-class establishments the rate paid is la. per hour. In socond-class shops the earnings are from £2 10s. to £3 per week. In faetones, the rates vary, the men hoing often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rato is 40s, per week in factory hours. Saddlers.-This trado is in a vory dopressod state, and there arolargenumbersof men outof employment. Inbestshop3themenearn£2103. per week, while fair workmen aro often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per week, and for rough common work the rate is from 25s, to 30s. per week-time, 10 hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmon receive 50s. to 70s. per week ; shedsmen, 42a. to 45s. per do.; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, IO hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Gardeners.-Best workmen, for situations near town, get 45s. to 55s. per week ; do., for the country, 40s. to 60s.; inferior hands for country, 12s. 6d. to 18s. per week with rations. Bakers.-First-class worKmen (foremen) average £3 per week ¡ second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Printers, &a-; Journeymen printers receive £3 per week where paid by wages ; machine men, £3 5s. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers aro paid £3 per week; binders, £3 per week ; paper-rulers, £3 5s. por week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully sup- plied. Navvies.-The rate paid the men employed on the North-Eostorn Railway is 9d. per hoar. Minors.-The average rate for minors in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hour shifts ; breaksmen get a slightly higher rato of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz minors in deep sinking, for pit-work, get £2 10s. ¡ordinary quartz-miners got£25s,per week; engineers receivo £3 to £3 10s. In Bendigo, most of the work is (tone on tribute. In Alexandra, miners receive £210s. per week, most of the work in Gipps Land is done by contract ; where wages are paid, the men re- ceivo from £2 10s. to £3. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns for the traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending 9th May show a considerable increase over last year's re- turns, with the exception of tho amount received for the carriage of cattle, in which there is a slight falling off. Since the opening of the North-Eastern Railway to Seymour the receipts from this line have rapidly increased, although the rail can hardly bo said to have beaton the carriers off the road yet. The receipts from this line last week were £919 15s, 3d., the greater portion of which was for tho carriage of merchandise. For the car- riage of passengers, the amount received for the week is £3,354 83.10d., as against £2,513 12s, for the samo period of last year, showing an increase of £840 10s. lOd. The goods traffic gives a return of £C,828 9i. lOd. as against £C,6G0 Is., showing an increase in favour of the present year of £168 8s. lOd. The amount received for the carriage of cattle is £513 l'Jj. as against £960 17s. last year, showing a falling-off in this branch of traffic amounting to £446 18s. The returns for the cattle traffic havo not compared favourably with those of last year for some time past. The total returns for the week amount to £11.279 2a. lOd. as against £10,009 7s. Sel. for tho tame period of last year, showing an increase in the returns of the present year of £669 15s. 2d. Tno aggregate returns to date from July 1 amount to £553,009 7s., us against £490.581 13.'. 2i. last year, with two extra days included, show- ing an increase in the returns of £53,427 13s. 103\. The weekly average of 45 weeks is £12,2891s.lld.,asagaiusHell,101 16a 3d. last year, showingawceklyincreaseof £1,187 ISi.Sd. in favour of tho present year. The following is a statement of the gross returns of the Victorian Railways from tho 1st January in the following years :-Traille to 7th May. 1868, £202,310 7s. 6rl.; to 6th May. 1869. £196 04G 5i. Id.; to 12th May. 1870, £205,013 IP.; to 11th May. 1871. £203 061 0a. 21; to 9th May, 1872. £222,120 13i. 9d. The returns for the traiîi c on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company for the four weeks ending May 0 compare very favourably with the corresponding period of last year in the amount received for the -caniage of passengors, while the goods traffic still shows a considerable falling-ofT. For tho passenger traffic the return ia £6,658 7s. 3d., against £0,280 17s. lid. last year, showing an increase in this branch of traffic, amounting to £377 9s. 4d. over last year's return**. For the carriage of merchandise the amount re- ceived is £2,800 Os. lid., while for the corre- sponding period of last yoar it wa9 £3,27413*. 5d., showing a falling off in this return of £47310s. 6d. The total receipts for tho four -weeks amount to £9,458 14s. 2d., as against £9,555 11s. 4d. last year, allowing a decrease on tho total returns of £96 17s. 2d. The aggregate returns to date are £49,256 5s. Od., as against £49,09818s. Id. last year, with two bi.-f.iys' receipts extra, show a decrease in **\nivour of the present year of £157 7s. 5d. The weekly average is £2,052 5s. 3d., as against £2,623 12-». Id. last year, giving a weekly increase of £28 13s. 2d., as compared .with the average of last year. THE WEATHER. The weather has been variable during the last few weeks. During the latter part of April it was dull and cold, but in the early part of May it becamo very fine, clear, and mild. Sharp frosts were experienced on the 6tb, 7th, and 8th inst., but since then taere has been another change, and several wet days have occurred, indicating that tho rainy season is Betting in in earnest. The total rain- fall since the beginning of the year isll-52in., as compared with 10 SGin. during tho same period in 1871. THE VOLUNTEERS. Instead of the customary metropolitan review of the volunteers on tho Queen's birthday, there will be two reviews in the country this year-one at Ballarat and the other at Sandhurst The necessary arrange- ments have been completed, and an effective military display in both towns is anticipated. MUSIC. Since last we wroto on this subject con. I siderablo activity has been displayed. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave a very perfect representation of Mendelssohn's "Athalie," at the Town-hall, with the Carandini family as soloists, and the Rev. Charles Clark as reader of the monologue. At the Town-hall, also, since the date of our last, thero have been a great complimentary benefit to Mr. Coppin, the lessee of the late Theatre Royal, and tho heaviest sufferer by the burning of that place ; a grand concert for tho benefit of the Melbourne Hospital, a -great success ; and a Saturday popular concert, which was but indifferently attended. At "the first of these, Locke's "Macbeth" music was given. The second was undertaken by the united forces of the Lyster and Cagli English and Italian opera companies. The result was a great musical treat, and the addi- tion of a large sum to the funds of the charity. The hall was densely crowded. The pro .túoters of the Saturday Popular Concert presented an excellent programme, in which the leading feature was the final appearance in Melbourne of Miss Madeline Schiller, whose great talents as a pianist have met with most gratifying recognition during her stay here. She leaves here for London shortly. At this last concert tbe clover Carandinis and Signor Gioiza, the pianist and conductor of the States opera company, also appeared. A wet night greatly interfered with the pecuniary success of the undertaking. At the Princess's Opera-house, now the only theatre properly so called in Mel! bourne, there has been one uninterrupted stream of success. Tho English opera com- pany, under Mr, Lyster, and in con- junction with Mr. R. Stewart, produced Offenbach's " Barbo Bleue " in an extremely completo and elegant style. It at once be- camo popular, and drew crammed houses for 16 nights, when it had to be withdrawn to make way for the Italian opera season, which commenced on the 13th of May. Miss Alice May, the leading lady of the company, made a successful hit in the part of Boulotte. She was well supported by all the members of the company. On tho date mentionod Italian opera com menced with the following com pany, namely :-Signore Bosisio, Zenoni, and Tam burini Coy, soprani ; Signora Riboldi, con- tralto; Signora Tournorio, seconda donna; Signor Coy and Mr. Armes Beaumont, tenori; Signor Coliva, baritone; Signor "Tournerie, baritone and buffo ; Signor Dondi, basso ; and Signor Grandi, basso cómico. Two other singers mentioned in the prospectus for the season, Signor Ar toni, tenor ; and Signora Aimé, mezzo soprano, failed to arrive by the mail steamer at the appointed time. The manage- ment have Mr. John Hennings for scenic artist, and have commenced with an effectivo orches- tra of 24 and a chorus of nearly 50, Signora Bosisio has proved a great success in Leonora and Marguerite, the only characters she has yet appeared in. "Lucia," "Trovatore," "Pipelè," and "Faust," have been already produced. The soason promises to be successful. Verdi's "Macbeth" is in re- hearsal, and will bo produced on Wed- nesday, 22nd inst. Outside the opera thero is also considerable attention being paid to the question of musical culture. A movement is on foot for the establishment of an academy of music, on the plan of tho Royal Academy in London. The Amateur -Orchestral Society of Melbourne are in con- stant practice of works of high class. Subur- ban musical societies are also in regular practice on works of more or less merit. At Williamstown, for instance, they are practising "Lucrtzia Borgia" as an opera di camera. THE THEATRES, &c.; Since the destruction of the two principal theatres of the city, Melbourne has been sadly deficient in theatrical amusement. A portion of the old Royal company has been playing at -St. George's Hall during this month, under Mr. G. Coppin, management, with consider- able success, but the size and character of the building, which was never intended for dramatic performances on a large scale, only permit of the production of a limited class of pieces. Miss Eleanor Carey, a young actress from Sydney, has replaced Miss Juno as leading lady. Miss Juno, who is deservedly a favourite in Melbourne, took a benefit before leaving the company, and announced that she would return to hor old post on the re-opening of tho Theatre Royal. Several other members of the company have been dispensed with for a time. The pieces produced during the month include :-" A Friend in Need," "Susan Hop ley," "The Ticket-ofLeave Man," "Lady Audley's Secret," "Jocrisse the Juggler," "The Harvest Home," " The Two Gregorios," " The Daughter of the Regiment," " Margaret Catch po!o,"and Planche, burlesque,"TheFair One with the Golden Locks." A portion of the disongaged Royal company intend to open the Polytechnic Hall for a short dramatic season, under a co-operative management, A complimentary benefit was given to Mr. Coppin at the Town Hall, on tho 27th ult., by members of the theatrical and musical pro- fessions, on account of his late sevore losses by the destruction of the Theatre Royal, of which he was tho lessee. Preparations are being made for re-building the Theatre Royal. Mr. Coppin, by the pay- ment of a sum of £5,000, has obtained a lease of the ground on which the late theatre stood, for a term of SO years, and he intends to restore the old building, with a few improve- ments as to interior accommodation, at an estimated cost of £15,000. It is hoped that the theatre will be ready within three months. Considerable discussion bas taken place in the press and elsewhere about Mr. Coppin's plans. He frankly avows his intentions, but a general feeling exists that the old theatre ought to bo replaced by a better building worthy of the metropolis of the colony. A new opera bouse, to be called "The Prince of Wales," fe also promised. If tho description given of the proposed building be adhered to, a commo- dious and imposing edifice, capable of holding over 2,500 persons, will be erected at a cost ol £20,000, but at present some doubt appears te exist as to the real intentions of the pro- moters of the scheme. A fancy fair, conducted by. ladies of the theatrical and musical profession, was held at St. George .-hall from the 29th ult. to the 4th inst., in aid of the Australian Dramatic " v*ud Musical Association. The novelty of the r lair rendered it a considerable success, and ^_-Hvwards of £250 was realised for the associa- tion. The bal masque given in aid of the sufferers by the burning of the Thoatro Royal was not at all successful. RACING AND HUNTING. Only two race meetings havo been hele during tbe post month. The Ballarat Miners Races, though much inferior in respect to the Value of the stakes and the quality of the animals engaged to what they used to be, yel passed off successfully enough. On the firs day the Hardie Race was carried off easily bj a four-year-old Panic mare, named Polka only two others starting. Stockings won the All Saints' Handicap, boating a very moderate field of right others. Only four horses started for the Miners' Handicap, which was won by Stafford. Skylark won the Selling Steeple- chase, beating three others. On tho second day Polka won tho Selling Hurdlo Race, beating three others with the greatest oaoo. Shamrock won the Selling Race, beating five others. Tho Corner Handicap was won by Finnigan, who disposed of his two opponents easily, Stafford was again tho winner of the Selling Race, for which five others started. Tho Bendigo Autumn Steeplechase Meeting, which took place on tbo 1st May, was tho most successful affair of tho sort that we have had in Victoria. The attendance of the public was large, and there was an excellent field of horses for each event. The Handicap Hurdle Hace was the best contested race of tho meet- ing, thero being no less than fivo horses in it a quarter of a mile from home. Polka made the pace a fast one from the start, but her condition did not last the distanco. Fair Null proved to be the winner, Roger was a good second, and Brownie third. Sir Charles was badly staked. The Monk won the Handicap Steeplechase easily. Royston fell at the last fence from home and broke his leg. Clunie did not go round the last time, being quite out of the race. The Corinthian Cup was won easily by Native. Helen won the Selling Hurdle Race, and Blackthorn the Selling Steeplechase, after a fine finish with Lady Don. The Selling Plat Race was won easily by Kate Dalrymple. The thoroughbred mares Pate, Etoile du Soir, and Mobile arrived in Hobson's Bay by the ship Moravian on the 1st inst., and although the voyage was a very long one they were landed in splendid condition. The three mares have been purchased by Mr. Matthew Bryant for the sum of £2,000. As tbe present owner does not intend racing them they will be put to the stud. The Melbourne Hunt Club hold their Winter Meeting on the Queen's birthday, at the Flemington course, The entries aro very good, and an excellent day's sport is ex- pected. The hunting season may now be said to have fairly commenced. The Flemington Hunt Club held their opening meet on May 11\. A large number of persons assembled to see the throw off, and a very pleasant run of 12 miles was enjoyed by those who followed the hunt. The Melbourne Club will com- mence the regular season on the 25th May, the day after the steeplechase meeting. COURSING. The attempt to form a coursing club has proved highly successful, no less than 150 gentlemen having subscribed their names as soon as the project was fairly mooted. The club will endeavour to get a bill passed through Parliament to legalise coursing. Hares have increased very rapidly all through the country, and we may expect to see cours- ing one of the most popular sports in Victoria in a very few years. Hares are much more prolific in Australia than in Europe, five at a birth being not at all uncommon. They are very fast, and grow to a great size, having been killed weighing as high as 131b, CRICKET AND FOOTBALL.. The most important event of tho month in connexion with this subject is the proposition to invite another English Eleven out hero for the next cricketing season. Some gentlemen connected with the three principal clubs of the city- the Melbourne, South Melbourne, and East Melbourne-bave guaranteed the expenses of the undertaking, estimated at £3,000, and a committee of five-Mr. D. C. Macarthur, the president of the M.C.C.; the Hon. T. F. Hamilton, M.L.C. ; Mr. R. W. Wardill (representing the M.C.C.) ; Mr. Runting (South Melbourne), and Mr. A. E. Clarke (East Melbourne)-has been appointed to make the necessary arrangements for carrying out the scheme. It waa stated at a special general meeting of the M C.C., held to consider the proposition, that it would not be made an imperative condition that the eleven should bo gentlemen players, though such would be preferred. The most im- portant stipulation was that Mr. W. G. Grace should form one of the team. It was expected that the elovon would stay in the colony 100 days, and would play inlO matches. Tho gentlemen guaranteeing the expenses bavo generously promised to divide any profits which may he obtained amongst the three clubs of which they are members, in the pro- portion of one-half to the M.C C" and one quarter each to the S.M. and E M. Clubs. Tho cricket season of 1871-2, which as regards the exhibition of cricketing talent, and the advancement of the interests of the game, has been one of the most successful remembered, closed on Saturday, April 27. It was celebrated by a dinner held ia the pavilion of the M.C.C, at which a large num- ber of cricketers and promoters of the game were present. Football is now the favourite amusement, but no matches of any import- ance have yet been played. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. The following is a list of the deaths (exclu- sivo of natives) tbat have taken place in the Melbourne Hospital since our last summary, specifying, as far as are known, tho names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, date of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : Bresnahan, James, carter, aged 39, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854, by the Arabian ; died April 20, of fracture of pelvis. Blackwell, Margaret, aged 29, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1865, ship unknown ; died April 23, of carcemonia cerebri. Bruce, William, iron- worker, aged 57, nativo of Scotland ; arrived in 1852, ship unknown ; died May 3, of tetanus. Brown, Ann, aged 39, native of Scotland ; arrived in 18G9, by the Percy ; died May 13, of an abscess. Cummings, Frank, engineer, aged 24, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1856, ship unknown ; died April 24, of phthisis. Cattin, Margaret, domestic, aged 39, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852, by the Boula ; died May 4, of dysentery. Ind, Wm., shoemaker, aged 50, native of London ; arrived in 1851, by tho Andrew Mack ; died April 21, of bronchitis and stricture of urethra. Morris, Lucy Nice, seamstress, aged 00, native of East Indies ; arrived in 1853, by Damardia ; died May 8. of erysipelas. May brick, Elizabeth, aged 43, native of Cheshire ; arrived in 185G, by the Gambier ; died May 9, of phthisis. Newell, Robert, aged 27, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1871, by the Highflyer ; died April 19, of phthisis. Och, Martin, aged 31, native of Germany ; arrived in 1859, by the Armónica ; died May 3, of astrosicoma. Poole, Fredorick, tinsmith, aged 46, nativo of France ; arrived in 1842, by the Christina ; died April 27, of morbus cordis. Purtyll, Bridget, aged 63, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1851, by the Neptune ; died May 11, of diarrhoea. Robinson, Emma, aged 30, native of York- shire ; arrived in 1854, ship unknown j died Moy 7, of pneumonia. Reardon, Bridget, aged 54, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1841, by the Georgiana ; died May 8, of peritonitis. Smith, Charles, labourer, aged 37, native of Sweden; arrived in 1863, by the Bonnie Dundee ; died April 19, of phthisis. Smart, Alfred, labourer, aged 33, native of London ; arrived in 1857, by the Suffolk ; died May 12, of phthisis. Thompson, Wra" shoemaker, aged 53, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1857, by the Winnifred ; died April 28, of phthisis. Wright, Ann, aged 37. native of Ireland ; arrived in 1853, by the Lady Kenway ; died i May 3, of diarrhoea. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH-WALES. The now Parliament met on the 30th April. Rumours were current some days pre- viously that the Martin Government, having i been beaten on their appeal to the country, meant to resign before Parliament was opened. It was believed that Sir James Martin's object was to prevent Mr. Parkes from succeeding him as Premier, and that he wished to retire before the Opposition could submit a want of confidence motion, in order that Mr. Forster, who had friendly leanings towards Sir James, might havo the first choice of forming tho new Government On tho morning of i the opening ceremony the Opposition unani i mously chose Mr. Parkes as leader. The Acting-Governor's speech announced that Ministers had resigned, but held office until successors were appointed. As there were no Ministers in office, there was no policy to disclose, and Parliament was asked to vote supplies so as to enoble the Acting-Governor to seek a new Ministry. The Opposition were resolved that the Martin Govern- ment should not escape the condemna- tion that had been waiting for them. So an amendment was moved on the address by Mr. Parkes:-"It is a matter of deep regret to us that the circumstances under which the late Assembly was dissolved and the present Parliament assembled ara of a character to call for the expression of our disapproval. It has been communicated to us that a monetary arrangement was entered into botween your Excellency's advisers and a private banking institution, during the pro- gress of the elections and the protracted delay in convening Parliament, which, in deroga- tion of the Constitution, interferes with the i undoubted and sole power of this House in granting supply to Her Majesty, and Beriously I impairs its just control over tho public ex [ pendituro. Wo feel constrained to tako the earliest opportunity to condemn a course of conduct in the administration of affairs so dangerous to the public interests, and which we aro anxious may not be again Tesorted to." The airangement with the bank-the Bank of New South Wales-had como about in this way. < When Parliament was dissolved no supplies wero passed beyond the 31st January. In order that the civil servants might get their salaries during the general election, the Government asked the bank to cash the assignments which the civil servants made of their claims against the consolidated rovonue. Each civil servant was to sign a document that bound him to repay the money advanced to him by the bank, and in default of repay- ment, empowered the bank to enter up judgment. Tho arrangement was made for two months, February and March. The Opposition contended that if the Government might with impunity enter into an arrange- ment of the sort, they could at any time set Parliament at defiance. The reply of the Government was that tboy_ wished to save the civil servants from hardship. In connexion with the question of dissolution, Sir James Martin read a memorandnm which Lord Belmore had left behind him. The document showed that when Sir James Martin formed his Government he got the promise of a dis- solution, but the promise was only to last for the tben session. On the present occasion His Excellency did not seo sufficient ground for refusing his advisers an appeal to the country, not only upon the border duties question, but upon the whole of their policy. A dissolution without supply was, no doubt, inconsistent ; but the inconvenience in this instance arose from the practice of allowing the financial year to close before provision had been made for the requirements of the next. It was plain that the Assembly would not have granted supplies except upon terms that would hnve tried the whole question to be submitted to the country. His Excellency was not disposed to limit the prerogative of the Crown. On the 9th May, the House divided upon tho amendment, which was carried by 3G votes to 11. The defeat of the Martin Go- vernment was accordingly most inglorious. In addition to Mr. Parkes, amendment, another was carried, immediately afterwards, directing that early steps should be taken for the discontinuance of the border duties. The votes were 34 to 13, During the time that the address was under discussion, Mr. Forster was trying to form a Government, but be could only get the support of Mr. Macleay, Mr. Dalley, Mr. Hoskins, and one or two more. The Oppo- sition beld aloof, and he had to abandon the task. Then Mr. Parkes was sent for, and he speedily formed a Government. The dis- tribution of offices was as follows ¡-Premier and Colonial Secretary, Mr. Parkes; Trea- surer, Mr. Piddington ; Minister of Works, Mr. Sutherland ; Minister of Lands, Mr. Farnell ; Attorney . General, Mr. Butler, Solicitor* General, Mr. Innes ; Postmaster General, Mr. Lloyd. Mr. Samuel accepted the office of Vice* President of the Executive Council without a portfolio. He will represent the Government in the Upper House. Par- liament voted supplies to the 30th June, and then adjourned for one month to afford tims for the re-election of Ministers. ' An effort is to be made by tbe Martin party to prevent, if possible, the re-election of Mr. Parkes for East Sydney. Mr. Parkes, address to his constituents promises the immediate reopening of the , Border customs negotiation, with a view to prevent direct collection ; an amendment of the land laws, by placing different kinds of lands in the hands of those most fitted to use them, with the object of affording greater scopo for the employment of capital and labour ; and new mining laws. In addressing a meeting of his constituents the other night, Mr. Parkes announced that a despatch had already been sent to the Victorian Govern- ment requesting that the negotiations with regard to the border duties might be re- opened. The exhibition of the Agricultural Society has taken place, and it was, on the whole, a good one, but not an intercolonial exhibi- tion in the same senso as the first. Melbourne sent some exhibits, and Queensland a fine collection of agricultural products. Sir William Manning has receivod a tem- porary appointment as Supreme Court judge. An extra judge is required during the time that the chief justice, Sir Alfred Stephen, ad- ministers the Government. Mining matters have caused great excite- ment in consequence of rich yields that have been obtained from claims at Hawkins-hill, Tambaroora. A parcel of 10.J tons from Krohman's claim yielded 5,612oz,*, and the machine had to be stopped nearly overy hour for the resilvering of the plates. The All Nations claim has been sold for £15,000 cash. Another is said to have been disposed of for £37,000, and a company with a capital of £160,000 baa been started to work Paxton's claim. The number of leases issued in April was 932. The yield of gold for tho whole colony in the first four months of the year shows an increase of 34,000oz. over the corre- sponding period of 1871. Barker's tweed-mill, Sussex-street, Sydney, was burned down last Friday morning. The loss is estimated by the proprietor at £30,000, only covered to the extent of £10,000 by in- surances. For a short time the Riverina population were harassed by the collection by the Mar- tin Government of wharfage rates upon good imported over the border. The Parkes GO' vernment stopped this annoyance as soon a; they entered into office. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament has been busy this month. The Land Bill has been read a second time and ii is now in committee, where some of its pro visions are being considerably altered. The Immigration Bill provides for the introduc tion of immigrants on the assisted plan, anc gives land grants to those who pay their owr passages. No progress had been made witt the bill, for it seems to have been put aside with other measures, until the Land Bill ii passed through. An attempt has been made to unseat thret members of the Assembly, one being Mr Barrow, the Treasurer, on the ground that as proprietors of newspapers which have nd> vertiscd for the Government, they have vio lated an act that prohibits members fron: making contracts with the Government. The Crown solicitor gave an opinion against th< members. The Assembly held that the agree mont which tho nowspaper proprietors hac made did not como within the meaning of tk< act. The matter is to be brought before th( Suprome Court. The overland telegraph line, so far as it ha: been opened, works well. The most northerlj station with which there is direct communi cation is Tennant's Creek, 1.400 miles fron Adelaide. Despatches from Mr. Patterson, ii charge of the construction party beyonc Tennant's Creek, state that a mistake wai m ado at the outset in not choosing the Rope River as tho basis of operations. If the Rope had been chosen at the beginning, the lim might have been finished at the end of last year The latest news as to tho progress of thi works is dated the 24th April. Mr. Fattersoi telegraphs from Daly Springs to say that hi left tho Roper on March 25. The pack horses for the relief of the interior partie had been received. The wet had beei more severe than for years past, and the pro gress of the work had been thereby con siderably interrupted, but was to bo resumei by the beginning or middle of April. It wa intended to commence the horse express si soon as the distance could bo reduced to 15 miles. At present the gap was 250 miles They might have established a horse exprès immediately, but thought that it would onl retard the general work, and it was expectei that the service would not bo commenced ti] August. Great mortality ' had occurrei amongst the horses, and sickness amongs the men. Scurvy, rheumatism, and feve had broken out,. and two men name respectively Edward Privett and Thoma Hawkins bad died-the former fror scurvy and the latter from fever. Mi Patterson expected to meet Mr. Tod at Newcastle Waters on Juno 15. J proposal has been made in the Legislativ Assembly for a temporary sea service fror Port Darwin to Normanton, for the presen utilisation of the cable ; but the Governmen are not disposed to co-operate with Queen: land in the matter. The Assembly has passed a resolution i favour of a line of railway across the con.t nont. The bill founded upon the resolutio provides for the grant of 200,000,000 acre in alternate blockB east and west of the lim Seven members of the legislature are shan holders in the proposed company. Tt second reading of the bill hai been move< but the debate stands adjourned f< the production of statistics. The Goveri 1 ment statistician says that the grant would bo equivalent to a road 150 miles wide right across the continent. The Northern Territory is ot last beginning to attract attention as a field for settlement. Two or three vessels bavo boon laid on for Port Darwin, and passages aro boing taken up freely. Before many weeks aro ovor, two or three hundred immigrants will probably be landed on the opposite side of Australia* Encouraging accounts have been received of the fineness of the country, and strong hopes are held out of tho existence of gold-fields. A small parcel of gold has beon receivedfrom tho Roper. The annual report of the Board of Educa- tion states that the number of schools has increased from 300 to 307, which aro attended by 20,365 scholars, with 298 teachers. An increase is shown in the number of destitute children from 1,584 to 1,622 From observa- tions and statistics sufficient has beon shown to convince the board that there are in the colony a large number of children who aro never sent to any school. TASMANIA. An early commencement is likely to be made with the main line of railway. Very favourable advices were received from the contractors by the last mail. Not only had the contract, as between the Government and the company who aro to form and work the lino, been signed, but the latter had con- tracted with Messrs. Edwin Clark, Punchard, and Co., a well-known firm of contractors, for the construction of the works, and the whole is to be completed by the December of 1874, two years less than the timo allowed by the contract. The noxt mail was to convey to the colony the staff necessary for the com- mencement of operations. Whethor it be that opinions are stifled, or that a change of opinion has taken place, the old cry that the malting of this line would be the ruin of the colony is not heard. For a time at least there will be an impetus to soveral industries, and in the cost of construction there will be a marked difference between it and the Laun- ceston and Westorn. His Excellency the Governor (Mr, Da Cane) has bad a narrow escape. Returning from a visit to Malahide, Fingal, in bia coach, and sitting on the box-seat, the horses took fright when approaching the stables at Bagdad, thied, and capsized the coach into a ditch. The bank of the ditch was soft from been covered with grass, and no serious damage was sustained, but there was a four- railed fenco unpleasantly near. QUEENSLAND. There is little news to report. A resolution has been passed in the Legislative Assembly guaranteeing interest on the cost of construe lion of a submarino cable from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Java. The House had also declared a moil service via Torres Straits to be desirable. No progress has beon made with other portions of the Government policy. The Government havo been endeavouring to push on the Estimates, but the Opposition have stood out against the granting of supply until the Government come down with a measure I for a redistribution of the electorates and au improvement of tho representation. Last week 12 members of the Opposition presented I a memorial to the Governor on the subject of the deadlock, and threw all the blame on i the Ministry. Tho reply of His Excellency I will be found in another part of this issue. Mr. Alfred Sandeman, a squatter, has failed for £121,000 ; assets, £5. 1 NEW ZEALAND. I As the time for the meeting of Parliament is approaching, political subjects are again I attracting considerable attention in New Zealand. Several members of the House of Representatives have recently resigned, and their seats are boing warmly contested. Mr. J. C. Richmond, who was defeated at the last general election, is standing for Nelson, and Sir David Munro, the lato Speaker, who was unseated on account of some irregularities in his return, has been brought forward for a vacancy in Otago. If elected both members will join the ranks of the Opposition. Al- though no desire is yet expressed to eject the Government from office, it is felt that the presence of a moderate Opposition will tend to keep the recklessness of some members of the Ministry in check. It is thought that next session an attompt will he made to rein- state the provincial governments in their former position of control over tho manage- ment of public works. The construction of the Northern Railway at a cost of a little over £4,000 a mile is strongly urged by the supor | intendent of Canterbury Province as a proof of the superiority of local ovor central administration in public works. It is pro- bable that the sanction of the general Parlia- ment will also he asked to immigration schemes which several of the provincial councils have approved of. The provincial government of Wellington has engaged an agent to procure 500 emigrants from Canada. It has also arranged with Mr. Myles to bring out 200 Dutch emigrants for settlement on a 2,500 acre block at Fitzhorhert, the general Government to pay £7 10a. per head and the province the remainder. Arrangements are also being made to bring out a ship-load of immigrants from Shetland, for settlement on Stewart's Island. The results of the negotiations between Mr. Vogel and Mr. Webb and the Government of Vic- toria have boen made known. They are considered highly satisfactory for New Zea land, and Mr. Vogel is complimented for the tact, energy, and perseverance he displayed. Mr. Brogden, the railway contractor, has not yet commenced to actively prosecute the works he bas undertaken. A dispute between him and the Government as to the ultimate reference in case of differences arising under Ins contracts is tho cause of tho delay. Tho Christchurch Kaiapoi Railway has boon opened, and telegraphic communication has at length been established betwoen Auckland and the most southerly station in the Middle Island. Rich gold hasheendiseoveredinthesouthern part of the province of Auckland. The local chief Topine insists upon Europeans being allowed to work tho ground, but the King party object. It is stated that the progress party is likely togain the victory, and there is no doubt that the advent of a large number of Europeans into country from which they bavo hitherto been excluded will ultimately have an important bearing on the native question. From New Plymouth, intelligence has been received that the prospectors who entered the newly-discovered auriferous country have been turned back by the natives, who refused to allow any prospecting on their land until the Government came to terms with them. A case of disputed identity, involving the title to some property in Auckland, is exciting a great sensation in that city. A Mrs. Nor- man applied to administer the estate of the lato Mr. Norman, of the United Service Hotel. She) was opposed by Mr. Jones, the son-in-law of the deceased, who swears that the applicant is a Mrs. Robertson, who was sent by him from Dunedin, iu 1806, to act as barmaid to Mr. Norman ; that tbo real Mrs. Norman is in London, whither her husband, till 1867, regularly remitted her £300 a year. He also swears that Mr. Norman and his wife had travellod on the Continent, leaving their two children at Behool in Paris. The applicant swears that she herself and Mr. Norman were married at Boulogne ; that she left the children at school in Paris, and travelled elsewhere on the Continent ; that she received £300 yearly, and could produce the bank pass-book kept by her Co show it ; that she came out to Mr. Norman by the ship Electra, in 1866 ; that she was never in Dunedin, and that her marriage certificate and private papers were burned by Mr. Norman whilo sho was at church. The judge refused tho application, and the eatate remains in tho curator's bands until her identity ÍB proved. The evidonce of tho other witnesses was of a most extraordinary and conflicting character. The keeper and matron of the lunatic asylum at Karori have been accused of cruelty towards tho patients under their control. A commission appointed to inquire into the matter has advised that both should be ro moved. The 9th of May was proclaimed a day of thanksgiving for tho recovery of the Prince of Wales. Dr. Black, tho professor of natural science in the Otago University, has arrived. He inaugurated his career by an address to the members of the university. A considerable number of femólo students now attend soveral of tbe classes. There is reason to fear that soveral vessels trading to New Zealand ports have recently been wrecked. On March l8 the brig Magnet sailed from Melbourne, for Greymouth, with 17 passengers and a crew of 12 or 13 men, She has not since been heard of, though a boat identified as her's has boon picked up. Fears are entertained for the safety of the Alice, which sailed from Dunedin on April 5, and has not yet reached her destination. The schooner Ocean Bird has been seen floating, bottom upwards, off Steven's Island. There were no signs of the crew visible. The Bank of New Zealand has declared a dividend and bonus equal to 15 por cent. At tho half-yearly mooline, held at Auckland, it was stated that £52,600 was available for a dividend. Of this, £45,000 was absorbed in tho way proposed, and the remaining £7,000 carried to tho profit and loss account. FIJI. Affairs in Fiji are in a rather disturbed condition. The cutter Volunteer, which had been sold by order of the Supreme Court of Fiji, had been rescued from the police according to latost advices, and it was intended to prevent her sailing until the arrival of a man-of-war. The circum- stances arose in this way. The Volunteer, which is owned in Tanna by the Brothers Blair, arrived at Levuka on the 16 oh of January last, bringing 33 foreign labourers for the market. One of the brothers (itfr. George Blair) came by her, and on the vessel's arrival disposed of her labour, shipped a fresh master, declined to pay James for his ser- vices as master owing to some disagreement, and decided to roturn to Tanna. James, her late master, then appealed to the Fijian courts for redress, ona a warrant was issued for the detention of the vessel until the claim should bo satisfied. During the night, how- ever, the vessel put to sea, and the marshal of the court on the following morning de- spatched a craft in pursuit, which succeeded in overtaking and bringing her back. She returned under a prize crew on Sunday, the 4th February, and upon her anchor being dropped, the British ensign, which she had been Hying at the masthead, was lowered, and the Fijian flag hoisted in its place. On Thursday, 28th February, the case was brought on in the Supreme Court, before Mr. Forwood, Acting Chief Justice, wherein James sued Blair for the sum of £128 duo to him for wages as per agreement. Judgment went by default, there not being any appearance of tho defendant, who was imprisoned, and consequently could not attend. The judge, in summing up, stated that " they might have had a habeas corpus for the attendance of the owner and the British consul," Such does not, however, appear to have boen the case, and owing to the non- attendance of defendant, on account of imprisonment, the verdict was given against him. On that occasion the master, James, gave evidence, and from his statement it would appear that ho had shipped on board the Volunteer as master at Auckland in the early part of March, 1871. The agreement was that he was to receive a third of the gross proceeds.but not be liable for any losses that might be sustained. Blair states that, by the terms of the agreement, James was to receive a third of the net profits and boar one-third of the expense. After bearing James's evidence, Mr. For- wood gave his decision to the effect that the Volunteer should be sold by the marshal. The vessel was ultimately sold by tender, in spite of a protest issued by the British consul, who submitted that the kingdom of Fiji had not been acknowledged by Great Britain ; and that even if it had, this Court had no power over a British vessel under the circumstances. The dictum of the Court on these points is thus laid down : "This Court does not deem the recog- nition of Great Britain of any weight in tho matter ; first, because it claims juris- diction over the subject of the dispute and over the vessel, because both plaintiff and defendant, and the causo of action, and the vessel arrested, were all within the torritory of Fiji. The wrong to plaintiff was bis dismissal from his commandunpaid-off in this barbour, and the vessel was arrested in Fijian waters. Plaintiff appealed to his consul, and got no redress, and then appealed to the local Court of Admiralty, and obtained it. The completion of the services entitling plaintiff to his demand was within Fiji. Most of the earnings, in fact, were also obtained within its territory. Substantial justice could enly be dono here ; as although the vessel is registered in Auckland (where she is hoavily in debt), the defendant resides on and was about to return to the island of Tanna, in the New Hebrides, where his home or domi- cile really is, and his property is situated. Second.-But is it necessary to exercise any jurisdiction by the Court over British property or persons that the kingdom ahonld be ac- knowledged by Great Britain? This Court considers most distinctly it is not, so long as such jurisdiction is confined to property and persons within its own limits, and does not seek external relations." When the Volunteer was ready for sea, several men boarded her, no one being in charge at the timo, and she was stripped of bowsprit, rudder, and sails. Steps were at onco taken by the police for her recovery, and the barge went off to the cutter with a ridiculously small force of about half a dozen men. They reached the cutter and took hor in tow, when a boat put off filled with volunteers, who rescued her from tho hands of the police. Directly afterwards a consultation was held at tho British consulate, whon Judge Forwood gave an Older of Court for the vessel to be allowed to remain in her prosent position for a month, or until tho arrival of a British man-of-war. Mr. March at the same time ¡---.ucd a request to all British subjects to abstain from any forcible measures iu the case until it could be decided by the proper authorities. It is stated that the friends of Mr. Burt, the late Promior, are arming, fearing blood- shed, and that they bave notifiod that they will oppose tho first side which commences hostilities. NOTES FROM THE SEA. WRECK OF THE QUEEN OF THE EAST.-The American ship Queen of the East left San Francisco March 6, for Newcastle, for a cargo of coals for China. Had favourable winds and fine weather up to April l8, when at half past 4 a.m. the ship struck on a reef not laid down on the chart, the reef lying, as near as Captain Stoddard could judge from the ob- servations the day previous, in lat. 29.30 S,, long. 159.40 E., and being afraid that the yards would come down, the captain got the boats out as soon as possible, and deeming it useless to remain by the ship any longer, left at 10 a.m. for the coast of Australia. The winds and weather proving favourable, made the land near Richmond River on the 22nd. On tho following morning were fallen in with by the schooner Commerce, Captain Drewell, of Sydney, who kindly took them on board, and landed them at the Claronce. With the ex- ception of the ship's papers and the chrono- meters, nothing was saved. A PERILOUS VOYAGE-The ship Eurydice, ' which recently arrived from New York, at ono period of tho voyage experi- enced such severo weather that she nearly foundered. Tho captain (Henry L. Carr) gives the following account of tho storm :-The Eurydice left New York on 27th January. On the afternoon of the third day out the wind increased to a heavy gale, and at 8 p.m. the gale raged with hurricane violence, the sea then being almost smooth. At 10 p.m. the gale blew a complote drift, and the tempest was truly fearful in its ungovern- able fury, the squalls being quito terrific, and the sea, which previously had been compara- tively still, had now become altogether out rngeous. At 11 p.m. the tempest still held frightful sway, the wind roaring with almost indescribable violence, and the green seas rising higher and higher. At this timo, the ship being in the vortex of tho'Gulf Stroam, the storm wave ovortook her, and broke on board with appalling force, and for a time quite buried her. The man at the wheol, Wm. Pope, an ablo seaman, was swept away with resistless violence, and with no hopo of recovery, and the wheol and steoring gear were smashed to shreds. Boat stanchoons and boats were also shattered, and the after part of the cabin was driven in with a tremendous crash, whilo tho poop deck was forced up, and the cabin completely gutted, tbo starboard sido alone being left standing. The sea m ado fearful havoc, the whole of tho navigating gear, charts, compasses, chrono- meters, and sextants, besides tho whole of Captain Carr's personal effects, the ship's papers, stores, fumituro, and fittings, being washed clean away. Captain Carr himself had a severe scalp wound, and narrowly oscapod being carried away by the rush of wator. When the overwhelming wall of water passed over the ship, she steadied herself, and appeared to bo settling down, but tbo ports being opened, she soon freed borsolf, and tho tempest evidently had now worked its worst. Tho' course of the vessel was subsequently shaped by the sun by day, and by the stars at night, until the Eurydice fell in with tho ship Adelaide, from Rangoon to Liverpool, whoso captain supplied charts, compasses, and chro- nometers. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE, THE MAILS, The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Bangalore, Captain George C. Burno, after taking on board hor mails, gold, and specie, and ombaTking her passengers, left her anchorago in the bay on hor outward voyage to Gallo, at 2 o'clock on tho afternoon of the 24th ult. The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S.S. Baroda, Captain D. Rennoldson, with the mails from Europe and tho East, arrived in Hobson. Bay on the 5th instant, at 11 o'clock ia the forenoon. ' ,The mails for San Francisco, North Ame- rica, and Europe, were despatched from this on Gth May, per City of Adelaide, for transhipment on board the City of Melbourne at Sydney, which left that po t for Auckland on the 10th instant. It has since, however, turned out that this steamer (City of Mel- bourne), whon COO miles from Sydney on her voyage to Auckland, broke her driving-wheel, and had to return to port under sail. The steamer with the Californian mails inward, due a fortnight ago, has not yet made her appearance. STATE Or TRADE. Since the departure of the last mail steamor the month has not been marked by much of an exciting nature. A very steady trade demand for goods bos been experienced, en- livened occasionally by operations having more of the aspect of a speculative character. Business for the month opened out with an improved appearance of activity, which was maintained to a greater or less oxtent through- out the first fortnight. Buyers showod every desire to operate in the markets, and came forward with a full determi nation to purchase freely. The arrival of the mail steamer via Suez caused somo slight cessation in trade pending the receipt and perusal of home correspondence ; but that was not of long continuance, as it was very soon found out that the advices, though not by any means of an unfavourable tenour, weTO not likely to cause much if any change in the general market. The news to hand confirmed all tbo accounts regarding the advance in prices in the home market, but the rise having been fully anticipated here, it was thought, and not without reason, that the excitemont hitherto pre- vailing might tone down, and a quieter steadier aspect bo assumed instead. In some degree this has since beon found to be correct, and as the goods arriving for some time post were mostly all bought and shipped before the rise in England took place, importers have been able to do a much moro satisfactory and profitable trade than bos been the case for a very long period. Tbo exports for the month to the colonies show a marked increase over the nrevious, that to Victoria being £60,000. The non arrival of the Californian mail steamor has this month caused a good deal of disappoint- ment. Though the steamer is now more than a fortnight past due, she has not yet made ber appearance. By way of Newcastle and Sydney we havo, however, dates from New York to 10th March, reporting the departure of the Sérica for Melbourne on the 1st of that month with, amongst othor cargo, 17,000 cases of kerosene oil. In the operations of the month wo note the disposal of 400 hhds., on the spot and to arrive, of Bass's beer, at such prices as havo not been touched for years before. In Dundee goods very considerable excite- ment has prevailed. Woolpacks havo been run up fully 44 d. per paok, and some rather largish purchases of floating parcels come to be reported. Quotations for corn sacks have also undergone a considerable change. A rise of fully 9d. per dozen has already been established, and very sanguine views are entertained of prices going much higher ; but the long period which must intervene beforo the season commences, gives the movement more the appearance of a brokers' speculation than anything of a more legitimate character. In boots and shoes, extensive sales have been effected. Candles have advanced slightly since last month. The market, however, is far from strong. In chemicals, speculative pur- chases of ilowera of sulphur to the extent of at least 140 tons, came before us this week, and values have advanced about £2 per ton. Caustic Boda is also amongst the articles on which a rise is sought to be established. Breadstuff's havo gone up in value ; the publi- cation of the Government agricultural returns bas likewise imparted more firmness to a market which waa beginning lately to show every symptom of a decline. To our mind, however, the information thus given is most reassuring, as at one time the beliof was beginning to gain ground that there would be a very great deficiency in the yield. The entire production is estimated at 4,500,795 bushels. In metals, a movement in pig- iron has led to the quittance of 500 tons. For galvanised iron most extreme prices have been obtained. Kerosene oil has met with a fair amount of attention, though attempts to force up prices much beyond present quota tionshave not been successful; the sales aggre- gate l8,000 coses. In rice, transactions havo been carried through which havo cleared out of im- porters' hands the cargo of the Albert Victor, amounting to 9,000 bogs, 1,000'bogs ox Con- stance, 200 tons, thebalancooftheE, J.Spence's cargo, and a portion of tho Victory's shipment. In Bait, sales, embracing the quittance of 700 tons, have been followed by an advanco in price. Sugars early in the month wore fairly active, but afterwards became less so ; about 36,892 mats and bags have been disposed of. The great feature of the month, how. ever, WOB a movement in tea, which puts all others in the shade ; about 20 000 packages wero takenup, chiefly for English account. The market, however, has not responded so readily as could be wishod to this movement, but a considerable stimulus has been given to tbe market, and it will be no surpriso to find a very much improved scale of prices ruling ere long. For tobaccoes, there is still a good and promising prospeot. Timber is also an improving market. Sales during the past month, however, have not been BO ira important. In wines and brandies, there has been very little doing, if we except 195 hhds, and quarter-casks Otard's brandy sold by auction. A great reduction in the stock of 15-bottle cases geneva having beon disco- vered, attention was directed thereto, which led to the disposal of 6,000 cases JDKZ and Key, and much higher figures are likely to rule for tho future. The only suspension reported this month of any importance was that of Mr. H. S. Smith, with liabilities amounting to £18,763, and assets estimated at £16,181; a great por- tion of which, however, is irrecoverablo. The bona fide losses stated to have been made during a period of three years were put down as amounting to £47,863. Mr. Smith was requested by a majority of tho creditors to take steps to liquidate under arrangement. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Exchango this month is unaltered, the banks' selling rate being still J percent. premium for 60 days' sight bills ou Lon- don, The rates of discount show no change, 5 per cent, being charged for three months', 0 per cent, for four months' bills, and 7 por cent, for over that period. Interest is allowed at 3 per cent, on 12 months' deposits, and 2} per cont. on six months'. STOCK AND STATIONS. For this class of property a fair amount of inquiry is oxporienced, and several transac- tions have been recorded. Messrs. W. and J. Raleigh report having sold the Winbar and Compadoro stations, on the Darling, for Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., with 4,500 head of cattle, to Mr. Andrew Tobin, at a satisfactory price. Mr. John Geo. Dougharty (successor to Kayo and Butcbart) reports hav- ing sold for Mr. A. T. Haley, the Nelyambo station, on the Darling, together with 19,000 sheep, 1,000 cattle, horses, plant, and stores, to Mr. Finlay Campbell, of Strathmore. Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co. report having sold by private contract, on account of tho Hon. W. H. F. Mitchell, his Dine Dine and Eremeran stations, in the Lachlan district, with 23,000 sheeep, and all improvements, at a satisfactory prico and terms. BANKS AND l'UDLIO COMPANIES. National Bank of Australasia.-The 14th annual meeting was held on tho 7th of May, Mr. James Lorimer in the chair. The report set forth tho following state of affairs : Tho net prouts for tbe ball-year, otter providing (or bad and doubtful dobtp, rebato on bille current, and lntorott paid and accrued on dopoalta, amount to ., .£43 025 10 10 Balance from last half yoar .. .. 8 003 10 11 Tctal.£40 080 10 0 From which l8 deducted tho amount paid to Mr. E. M Young on his retire- ment . 2,000 0 0 leaving an nvallablo balance of.. .. £11,033 10 0 Tho directors recommend tbat this aunt bo appro prlatcd aa follona : Todlvldond at rato of 10 per cent, por annum.£83,000 0 0 To roBorve fand.MOO 0 0 To reduction of promises and iurulturo account.8,600 0 0 Tobaianco.4089 10 0 £11 089 10 0 It waa stated that tho position of the bank was sound, and business increasing. The banks generally, however, had overllowing troasurios, and the present state of the money markot was not favourable to largo profits. No oppo- sition was shown to theroport as a wholo, but about 12 of the shareholders (as was apparent on a show of handB) mado objections to the appointment of a " chiof managor" by the directors, whon tho deed of sottlemont pro- vided that the "general manager" should bo appointed by the shareholders. Tho chair- man stated that the new arrangement was best for the shareholders, and tho diroctors acted under general powers given by the deed. The appointment of a general manager was originally vested in the shareholders, because tho first general manager had a soafc and vote at the board; but the deed was afterwards altered, and the clauses defining the duties of the manager repealed. The discussion was not carried on long. The meet« ing negatived an amendment for striking out a clause in the report that spoke of the new "chief manager," and ndopted the report*. Messrs. Thomas Smith and R. Murnv Smih were reflected directors ; and Mr. Tackett was re-elected as one auditor, and Mr. Andrew Cuningham was chosen in place of Mr. Zeal. It was announced that the new manager, Mr. Francis Grey Smith, would join the bank in tv few days' time. Polynesia Company.-The seventh half yearly meeting of the Polynesia Company was held on tho 4th inst., at the Hall of Commerce. The directors reported that financially the affairs of tho company had remained almost in statu quo since the last meeting, but that there was overy reason to believo that Mr. Forwood, the company's commissioner in. Fiji, would eventually succeed in getting the claim of the company for tho balance of thoir land recognised by the king. Tho report was adopted, and tho retiring directors ro- cketed. Bank of New South Wales.-Tho half yearly meeting was hold in Sydney on the 30th April. The report contained tho follow- ing statements : -ho not prolHt et tho half-year, aftor deducting rebato on curront bills, In- tercut on deposite, providing for bad and doubtful debts, reducing valua- tion of bauk promises, and paying taxcaonnotoclrculatlcn.amountto«. £72,515 1 5 To which Is to bo added Undivided balance from lut half-yoir 3 003 10 8 Olvlng for distribution.£70.21118 1 Which tbo directors recommend to be appropriated aa follow« : To pa} went of dlvldcul at tho rato of 12$ ror cent par nanum _, .. £02 500 0 O To addition to reservo fund .. .. 10,0)0 0 0) To balanco carried to prout and lose (new account).3,71118 X £70.211 l8 1 The retervo furn), alter tho abovo appropriation, will amount lo £318 000. The report was adopted. New South Wales Marine Assurance Com- pany.-The 41st half-yearly meeting was held on the 24th April, at Sydney. Tho receipts for tho half year amounted to £17,305, and tho expenditure to £15,036. A dividend at the rato of 7A per cent., amounting to £1,125, was declared. Australian Mutual Provident Society (Sydney).-The annual report shows that 2,337 now policies wore received last year, in- ' Buring £830,004. The new promiums amounted to £32,733, and tho your's claims to £47,683 ; the total existing policies are 13,265. The gross annual revenue is stated at £249,016, and the year's business left £146,682 with the credit balance, which increases the accumu- lated fund to £904,821. The report was adopted. The general abstracts showing the average amount of tho liabilities and assets of the following banks, taken from the severa weekly statements during the quarter from the 1st of January to 31st March, 1872, have been published in the Government Gazette : LONDON OOASTBRED BANK. Liabilities -Notos In circulation not bearing In- terest, £138.001 8s.; bills In circulation not bearing Interest, jEl.raO Si. 01 ; balancea due to other banks, £1310 8i ; deposita not bearing intoreat. £278,223 4s. Cd.; dopoalts bearing lntorost, £825.173 11s. Dd. Total amount of liabilities, £1210,231 109. 8d. Afecta.-Coined «old and silver and other colnod metals, £312 072 Os. 8d ; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £29,002 Ol. Od ; landed property, £08.147 18i. Id ; notes and bills of other banks, £13 052 17«. 51.; balances duo from othor banks, £11,021 74. lid.; amount el all debts due to the bank, Including notes, bills of cxchaniie, and all stock and fundod dob's of over; description, excepting notes, bills, and balancea due tothe said bank from other banks, £1,625,110 13i. ia. Total amount of assets, £2,010.007 8i. Od. Tbo return also includes-amount of tho capital stock paid up at tbo olose of tho quarter ending 8lst Uarcb, 1872, £1,000.000; raio of Hie last dividend doclarod to tbo Bbaieholdcrs. 8 per cent, por nanum ; amount ot tbo last dividend declared, £10,000 ; amount nf tho reserved prout« at tho lime ot dedaring such dlvldond, £108,8702». lOd. UNION BANK OP AUSTRALIA. Liabilities.-Notes In circulation not bearing In- terest, £07.174 O'. Od.; bills ia circulation not boarlng interest, £61,401 14s. lOd, ; balances due to other bank«, £1,068 17B Id. ' dopoolts not boarlng Interest. £401,048 lOi 3d ; doposlts boarlng Interest, £000,333 lu. 40. Total amount of liabilities, £1,032.030 10>. 3d. Asfl'tn,-Coined gold and silvor and othor colnod motáis 1_2«2 407 18s Id ; gold and Bllvor In bullion or bars, £62 081 _*. 3d.; landod proporty, £01,003; notes aLd bllln of oilier banks, £14,200 17s. 7d.; balances due from other bank», £7148 12j. 8d. ; amount of all debts duo to tbo bank, Including notos, bills of exchange, and all stook and funded debts of ev.irj- dcecilpllon, excepting noten, bills, and balancea duo to the Bald bank from other banks, £1,173,000 -_ 3d. Total amount of assets, £1 671,413 14s 6d. Tho roturn also Includes-Amount of tho oipltal stook: paid up at tbo closo of tho quartor ondlug 31't Uarch, 1872, £1 260,000 ; rate of tho lait dividend doclarod to the ehueholderi), l8 per coat, per annum; amount ot tho lout divldond doclarcd £Sl,250; amount of tho rcffrioii pn fits at tho timo of dedaring ouch dlvldond, £'36,017 7s. Id COMMERCIAL DINK. Liabilities.-Notes In circulation not boarlng into rcat, -70,680 16B. ; bills In circulation not boirlng in'um t, £4 801 7-. 8d.; balances due to othor banka, £'.'7,fOO 13t). 7d. ; dopoalts cot bearing Interest, £21S USO 14a. 2d ; dopoilU bearing interest, £171 878 2». 2d. Total amount of liabilities, £624,400 12«. 7dL _ncts.-Coined sold and oliver and othor coined metal«. £82,460 l8). 7d.; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £62 440 lOi 8d.; landed prororty, £0,670 ; notes ard Ulla uf oilier banks, £22,108 12s. 3d.; balancea dun from other banks, £4.020 14s. 10d.; amount ol all di bia duo to liio bank, Including* notos, billa of ex- change, and all stock and funded debts of every do scilpilcn, excepting cotos, bills, and batracos duo to the mid bank from otbor banks, £621,463 3i. 81. Total amount of assets, £002,003 10s. 7J. Tbo return also Includes-Amount ol tho capital stook paid up at tho cloro of tho quartor ending 31st of March, 1872, £100,000 ; rato of tho last dividend doolarod to tim shareholders, 0 per con. per annum : amount of tho last dlvldond doolarod, £4 803 ; amount of the re- solved proOta at the time of declaring such dividend. £3 7820". 8d. TUB OOLONIAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.. Liabilities.-Notoi In olroulatlon not boarlng In- terest, £02,219 17*. 81.; bills In circulation not bearing: intorcst, £1,848 4s. Od. ; balancee duo to other banka, £1011 Di 2d. ; di posits not bearing lntorost. £324 £77 17s. 8d.; dopoBlt* boarlng Interest, £01004. 16«. S J. Total amount of liabilities, £1,040,603 4a. 84, Asiots.-Coined .old and stlvor and othor coined metals, £158 811 10a. Od.; «old aud silver In bullion or bars, £23.077189. Id,; landod proporty, £68,2647«; notes and bills of othor banka, £13 412 Ils. 3d. ; balancos duo from other banks, £00,006 103. Si. ; amount of all debts duo to the bank, Inoludlng notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and fundod dobta of overy description cxcoptlng notes, bills, and bnUnces due to tbo said bank from othor tank!.. £1,103,030 10« 7Ü. Total amount of assets, £1 477,362 lOi. 8d. Tho roturn QIBO inolndes-Amount of tho capital Btock paid up at tho close of tho quarter ending 81«t March, 1872, £400,250: rate of tho last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 8 por cant, per am um ; amount of the loat dlvldond declared, £10,250 ; amount of tho roiorvod prouts at the timo of -eclating such dlvldond, £16,000. THE ENGLISH, 8001-1811, AND AUSTRALIAN CHARTBRKD BANK. Liabilities.-Notes in circulation not bearing: In- tel est, £40,107 16s. 4d, ; balances duo to othor banks, £18,1180 4s. Id.; dopOBtts not boarlng lntorost, £165,10 7s 7d ; dopofilts bearing lntoroet, £100.770 13a. 8d. Total amount of liabilities, £428.008 Os. 8d. ABBOU - Coined gold and silvor and othercoiued metals, £80,665 8s 8d.; landed proporty, £22,312 IDs. 2d. ; notes and billa of other banks, £7.041 10s. Od.; balances duo from othor banks, £6,803 4s. 8d. ; amount ol all debts ouo to tho bank, Including notos, bills of ox chsiigo, anti all «took, and fundod dobts of ovory doicriptlon, excepting notes, bills, and batanóos duo to the «aid bank from otbor banks, £501.733 13s. 2d. Total amount ol assots, £023,446 10). 5d. Tbo return alao Includes-Amount of tbo capital stook paid up at the closo of tho quartor ondlng 81st December, 1871, £000 00O; rate of tbo last dividend du land to lho shareholders, 7por cont. per annum; »mount of tho last dlvldond dcclarod, £21,000; amount of the rosorved profits at the timo of doolorlng iuih dlvldond, £20,000 NATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. Liabilities -Notes lu olrcu'allon not boating Inte- rest £120 440 l8).; 1)111» in circulation not bu-ring Inioiest, £3,06610). 10d.;depotlts not boarlng Intoroit, £480 064 Di. 3d.; dopoBlta boarlng intoroBt. £387.808 10s. 81. Total amount of liabilities, £1-020,050 11s. 7d. Aesots -Colnod gold and silvor and other coined metals, £242.470 12a. 2d,; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £40,31617s. 10d.; landed proporty, £00,650 ; notos ard bills of oilier bsnks £20.840 2s. 7d.; balancos duo from other banks, £18 448 14s. 4d.; amount of all dobts duo to tho bank, Including notos, bills of oxobango, and all stook and fundod dobts of evory description, oxoepting notos, bills, and balances duo to tbo said bank from other bank«, £9bi 012 7s 8 j. To'nl amount of asset«, £1,416,140 16s. Id. Tho re- turn also Ino'udos-Amount of tho capital stock pdd up at tho CIOBO of the quarter ondlng 81st Uareh, 1872, £000 OOO ; rato of the Utt dlvldond de- clared to tho shareholders, 10 per cont. por annum ; amount of tbo last dividend declared, £33,000 ; amount of the reserved profils at tho timo ol declarlug such dividend, £180,000. THE ORIENTAL BANK CORPORATION. Liabilities-Notta In circulation not boating In. forest £84 20412i. 4d.; bills In circulation not boarlng Inteioil, £20,420 11«. Od.; balancos duo to othor banks, £38 040 7s. lid. ; deposits not hearing lutorixi, £277 020 0s. Od.; doposlts bearing lntorost, £443.021 3> lid. Total »mount of liabilities, £B71,12! 2s. 6d. Adsot'.-Colnod gold and silver, ana oilier coined metals, £122 8B8 10s. 4d.; gold and Bllvor In bullion or bars. £78 000 4s. lid. ; landed proporty, £40,000 ; notos and bills of othor banks £0 000 0). 2d. ; ba- lances duo from othor banks. £10 06118:. 2d.; amount ol all debts duo to tho bank, lnclu-Hng -notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of ivory > description, excepting notos, bllls.and balances duo to tho said bank from othor banks, £933,780 Ila. 21. Total amount of assets, £1,101 82010s. Od. Tbo return also Includos-Amount of tho capital stock paid uo at close of tbo quartor ondlng 81st Uarcb, £1.600 000; ruo of the latt dividend doclarod to the shareholders, 12 per cont. per annum ; amount of tbo last dividend declared, £00,000; amount of tbo reserved profits M the timo of declaring such dividend, £444,000. TUB BANK OP VICTORIA. Liabilities.-Notes in circulation not bearing In tcroBt, £800,866 ; bills In circulation not bearing In- terest, £14,707 12s. 6d ; balances duo to other banks, £102,6198a. 6ú\ ; deposits not bearing Interest, £088,417 Sa. lid. ; deposita bearing Interest, £1,617 360 2i. 5d. Total amount of liabilities, £2,910.050 7s. 3d. Assois. -Coined gold and «liver and other coined metals, £453,618 28. Sd. ; gold and tllvor in bullion or bars, £117.624 6s. 7d.; landed property, £120,223 Si. 3d ; notes and billa of other banks, £29,824 17s. 51; balances due from othor banks, £166,436 17s. 3d. ; amount ol all debts dne to the bank, including notos, Mils ol exchange, and ali stock, and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from othor binkB, £2.709,C83 0;. Od, Total amount of allots, £3,604,173 7s. Sd. The return also includes-Amount of the capital stock paid up at the clos« of the quarter ending 31st December, 1871, £500,000 ; rate of tbe last dividend declared to the shire holders, 10 per cent, per annum ; amount of tbo lait dividend declared, £25,000; amount of the ress-ved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £150,000. THE VICTORIA. BRANOH OT THE BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Liabilities.-Notes in circulation not boating in- terest, £183,138 6s. lid. ; bills In circulation not boarlng interest, £3,229 12s. 5d,; balances due to other tunks. £3,34017s. 8d.; deposits not bearing Interest, £478,667 19s. 8d.; deposits, bearing Interest, £0S4,488 2«. Gd. Total amount of liabilities, £1602773 18s. 9d. Assets. Coined (¡old and silvor, and othor oolned mottle, £342.218 3s. 6d.; gold and »liver In bullion or bars, £03,463 lus.3d.; landedproporty. £47.410 We.7d.; notos and bil B ot other bankB, £16161 12s. 3d ; hahucea duo Irom other banks, £60,774103. Od.; amount ot all d6bts duo to the bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded debts of every de- scription, excepting notes, bills, and balauoea duo to trie said bank from other banks, £1,354,809 14*. ltd. Total anvunt of assets, £1,300 828 13s. 31. The re- turn also Includes-Amount of the capital stock paid up at the c'oso of the quarter ending Slut December, £1,000,000 ; rate of tho last dividend declared to the shareholders, 10 per cent, per annum ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £60,000 ; amouat of the re- served protlta at tho time ol declaring such dividend, £3O3,C00. IMPOHTS AND EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports' of the port since the beginning of the 'year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1871 :- _ Week Ending 1871. Imports. .Exports. 1871. 1872. Jan. 6.. Jan. l8.. Jan. 20., Jan. 27.. i«b.'8.. Feb. 10.. Feb. 17.. Feb. 24.. Kar. 2.. Mar. 9.. Afar 10.. Mar. 23.. Mar. 80.. April 6.. April l8.. April 20. April 27. -May 4.. May 11.. Totals.. 162,291 283,011 201,018 260,233 896,867 187,836 160.880 142.151 247,767 830,721 221 578 166.400 228.222 185,080 261,923 192,833 103,018 237,151 250 851 4 364.CS8 265,927 801,610 187.216 260 630 403,327 270,702 193 622 209 842 215 070 287,269 180 638 187,226 110 837 145 500 107,108 125,706 161,663 178,680 233 827 £ 807,388 837,069 310,170 220,223 544 771 163.046 71,027 210.206 600.669 122,333 170 368 05.638 500,602 78,172 107 027 800.905 153,195 143,185 66 336 £ 553,026 163,060 225.602 875 6B4 . 676,808 177,767 216 609 65,180 510 286 304.1OJ 46172 216,045 823,101 125 711 142.620 69.322 351 941 61822 116.165 8,990 413 5,Ul 493 4 707,627 Curing the first period the account stood thus: ImportB . " .. £1851,083 Kipoits . .. 6111,493 Balance of exports over imports £767,405 Buring the second period : Imports -..."_ £8,000 418 Exports _ " _ 4,707 527 Balance of exports over imports £708,114 Comparing the above periods with each other, the íesults are as under : Import« in 1871 .£4 351,053 Imports in 1872 ». " " a,D9D,413 Ducroasc In 1872.£361.675 Export« in 1871 .. .". ..£6111401 Experta In lb72 .4 707.5 ¡7 Decrease in 1872.£41)3.968 STOCKS Ii* BOND. The following were the stouks in bond at Melbourne on May 11 :-Brnndy, 6,779 hhd., 39,681 cases ; rum, 1,612 hhd" 30 cases ; geneva, -IG hhd., 00,025 red cases, 3,023 green cases ; whiskey. 586 hhd., 4,077 cases ; gin (sweetened), 13 hhd., 1,700 cases ; cordials, 313 coses ; spirits of wino, 72} hhd. ; other spirits, 5 hhd., »,391 cases; wine, 2,889.5 Mid., 11,528 cases; beer, 871 hhd., 2,851 casea and casks; tobacco, manu- factured, 112 half-tierces, 321 quarter-tierces. 9,830 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 3,632 cases ; do., unmanufactured, 108 hhd. and casks, 5 cases, 903 bales ; candles, 2.0C2 chests, 13,817 boxes ; cigars, 177 cases; kerosene, C9.503 cases; flour, 1,369 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 146 packages ; tea, 10,180 chests (827.0651b.), 48,210 half chests (1,814,3821b.), 23,010 boxes (307,G10lb.); coffee, 1,323 bags, 54 tierces, 287 casks, 325 barrels; wheat, 2,825 bags ; sugar-Mauritius, 9,517 bags, 2,302 pockets; Java, 8,730 bags, 3,277 baskets, 22,877 mats: Manilla, 8,399 mats; Réunion, 1,127 bags, 225 mats ; other ports, 6,099 bags, 16,418 mats; other (refinory), 1,207 tous, 153 cases and casks ; opium, 67 packages ; oats, 386 bags ; chicory, 141 pack. ages ; hops, 1,688 pockets ; rice, 32,539 bagu ; salt, 10,690 bags; viuogar, 212 casks, 371 cases. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argus Office, Monday Érenlo;. In tho Import markets, this month, a stoadlor, ii a loss excitable andloss fluctuating, tono and aspect have pro vailed, bnBlncsB having apparently Bettlod down once morn attor tho exciting causes oi previous mall advices had disappeared. Bulk ales have boon in good requatt Bottled aloa and atouts bavo also mot with n fair de- mand for trado purposos. Dundoo good* have ad- vanced considerably. In boots and shoes a largo trade has been dono. Candios have not boon so much waited. Cements do not show much alteration. Chemicals are firmer. Ohloory has beau quiet. Oofteo has boon very slow. In confoctlonory, cordage, fish, fruit*, hop-i, matt, oilmen's stores, provisions, quicksilver, llulo beyond supplying trado requirements has boen allow-d to como belora us. In broadstiifis a good deal ot bud ness was roported early In tho month, but there lim been ICBS doing during the past fortnight. Kosdlng grains have been modoratoly active. Biasrlog powder baa been extrotnoly «caree. Mutais have met with considerable attention. In oils, keroroao has been pretty well looked after. Klee has boon lirgoly HOUI ?alt has likewise boon brought moro prominently ( ir ward. Sugars have oomniaotlod fair notice. Toa mot with spoculaltvo attention to a very la-g) exteur. Tobaocoea bavo boen very firm, and the market ha? u-iw a mont promising aspect. Timoor has not bonn so active. In winns and bulk braudlea httlo hal bej i «lone ; cas« brandies have, however, been moro a .1 mated, and In geneva increased business huí been re- poned. « Alo and Btout.-A steady trado has been done in bulk ale. Ilio supply, huwovor, has not oumu lorwn el too freely. Prie« have boon exceedingly wall unla taim-d, and stocks have not hoon allowed lo inureua unduly. The ratos obtained, howuvor, ace io extrem i -liliilier than havo ruled tor yoars-that trrnru I «earcely room for rising fuetbor ; bu , on tho contrary as tho season progresses, lower rutes may be oipso'.el ; at all event« it would bo safer lor homo shippen nut to calculato on always nbtalnlog the Uguru« n.iwgolair. Joule's is soiling at £8 15). to £0 For MarMau'n wa ak-o queto £8 16s. to £9. The Carlisle Company's I« valued at £810). to £8 15s. Of Best's, a shipment ol CO hhds. and 25 barrel», ox Eutorpe. sold at £1 early in the month. Sortirai bhipmonts lavo &i;«> como to band lately -100 hhd. per Ksiox un 1 100 hhds. per Dllhareo. These havo b:cn sold lu one Uno to land, as llkowlso ZOO h heia, of ihn simm brand to arrive. Tho price roallsod w.w koas . quiet, but it is generally luppoiod to bo fuliv up to tho blithest rates now quoted for trade lota t f othor brand«. Some of Marrian'a old brew Is ?till unsold, and 1« being moved off lu amil! lota at up to £710s. to £7 16i. In bittled ales there ii a mode rate buslneiB doing, and somo ol the new brow oomlutr forward of brands which ruled lastsoason at\ory low rates, .is this year realising much batter prlcw. Fostf-r'amalntalnsa steady quotation of IO* 8d. to 10«. 6d. Teumnt'a commands 10s. Blood's is quoted at 9'. Sd. to 10'., and of DovenUh'a ihroo shipments of now have bonn sold, two at 9i (Id., and one, to »rrivo, at high as 10s. For the old wo quoto still 8s Di to 0 . 8d. M'Kwan's Is saleablo at Oi. Od., and Altkon'a, Hsu "wise, IB worth 0d. 6d. Jeffrey's now brow would, la like manner, be worth 9i. 01. ; tho old. howeror, continues to bo disposed ol at 8s. Od. to 9i For Allsopp'« wo quoto Ol. to Di. Od., accord- ing as shipments may turn out. Bottled stouts are in fair request. Burke'« la moved off very ffoolv at 10s. .Oil. Foster's commands IOJ. 6d. Kdmonda pig brand Is worth 10*. Od., but wo hear of none offering. Blood's Is eibiptbOii of at Os. Od. to lOi O'Brien's dagger brand Is quiitod somewhat frooly at 9.1. 9d. to 10s, Bales of Bya«s's now brow were made some timo URO for export at8s In bond (oqml to 10'. duty paid), and tho last bmlnois roported In this brand is the quittance ot a shipment to arrive «t 10< Id p ) Bjrthwlok's, old shipments, is aim moving at ,7s. Od. Bagging.-Dundoo goods this month appoar in quito a different aspeot altogethor. A movement In wool- packs occurred early in tho month, which directed attention to theso goods. Bnull parcels on tho spot wero bought at 4s. 7$d. to ii. 84. Subsequently 40 bales wore cold to land at 4s. 9d., and 160 bales to arriro changed hands the same week at ii. 91; also tbo following week as. lOd. and 4). lOJd. wai obtained on the spot and to arrive wbilo this week the quit tance of 160 bales afloat was reported at G J ; tho moro mont, however, Is a legitimate ono, tho season being Eretty near at hand, though it Is unusual to bogtuauch u«lnosa co very early. We «innot, kowovor, spsak so favourably of a similar speculative rise In corns velts, as there Is room for so many changos bet oro tbo oaason commence* again, somewhere In November noxt, and at inch a distance it would bo unwlio to calouhto on »imllar prices being obtained; novorthelois, quota Uons, which stood last month at 12s. to 12r, 31, roso aoon after tbo mall'd departure to 12s. 40. to 12>. Oil, at which about 100 bales woro taken up, while 12«. Od. avas offered at samo timo for one parcel of 800 bale« Thin week two 60 bale parcels were placed at 13r., aud tho wildest quotations havo been talked of ; wollare not. however, beard of any aolutl business over Units' figuro named. Ounnles have buen lu very abort supp'y and quotations havo stood al 0*. Tho small stock hold does not admit of much business being tran<«ctvd. Boot« and Shoes.-An extensivo trado has b:on do ,e In theso goods. Week after wtek largo public salei ha >* been rope<rlcd-| AtODeor iwoo!tliel»tentof these Mi) a fuw da>B ago, tbo followlrg priesa w*ro reatho.i : -On Monday, the 13th Instant, one raamific'.uror'« goods brought for women's kid B.8. boots, 4«. 41, to Ga. Od.; do. It-Miner do , realised ii. 41. to di. 6d.; maida' do. do. Sa. Od.; children's balmorals, 1«. 2d.; gentlemen's grecian «Uppers, 3s. 8d. to eli. 150 trunks, the manufacture ol Snow and Bennett, werealsosild women's kid B.8., at 6J. to 7s. Od.; do. cordovan lace fetched 6s. lOd,; cbildron'a 2-6 K.B , 2i. 2d.; m\lds' golOBhea, la. 8d. Colonial.-Womon'd furlinod slippers, li. lOd. to 2a. 2d; do. bull do., la. Oel. ; men's calf S.S., 7a. 6d. to 9a. Si; women's calf almas, 6i. 2d ; children's 10-13 copper toe». 8a. lid. On Tuesday, the 14th lint, under Instructions from Mr. 8. Platan, 422 trunks and cases «ore quitted, when helios' all-glove kid boots fancy stitched, brought 10s, Sd. to 129. 6d. per pair; women'aplata kid, toecapa, wolta, 7a. 3d, to7a9J.; do. croquot, wolta and channels, 8a. to 8a- Oil.; do. alice dei., 7a. 93. to 8a. 3d.; do. do. IOUIBO do., 7s. 0d. to 8i. Od.; do. excelsior do., 7a. Od. to 8s. 3d.; do do. polonaise, 8a. to S3. 3d.; do. do. augusta, 8a 3d. to 8e. Od.; do. lorne, patont vamps, 8s, 3d. to 9i ; do. adelaide do , 7a. Od. to 8a. 3d.; do. mock buttons 7a. 3d. to 7*. 91 ; all-Jtld fancy atltcbsd pumps, Oi. fid. to 7a. 6<L; do. levanta, tanoy-sUtched, from 6s. 9d. to 10s.; do cloth do., Es. Od. to 6a. 3d.: maida' all Kid, fancy stitched, l'a and 2'a, from 5a. 9d. to 7i. 9d ; do. do. lavin*«, hi. 3d. to 7". Od.; ladlee-'white) kid boots, from is. to 6.. Od.; do. do. lorne choc-, 5s. Sd ; do. colou-ed do., 5*. to 6a. 3d.; do. fancy allppor-, 3*. 3d. to is. Od.; girli', ll's to l'a kid from 6a. 3d. to 6a. 6d ; do. 7'a to 10' ', from ii. to 6a. Gd ; do. 4'fl to GV, from 2a. lOd to 3<. 9d ; Infanta' asaortcd fancy boola, from 18t. to 33«. per dozon; mon'abluchers, 5s 21 ; youths" calf E.8. boo's l'a to 4'a, 7a. Od.; boye." do, 10'a to 13'a, 6s. 81 ; women'a goloshes, from 10a. to 2Sa. per dozen; with a largo atsortment of similar good-e.. The grosB amount realised at this sale waa nearly £5,000. CiinellcB bave fluctuated somewhat, but notwith- standing all attempts to raise prices to what maybe considered paying ratea, all such bave hlthorto failed. At the close of april an Inquiry was stimulated in con sequence of tbo Customs returns that week showing a sudden decrease in the bonded stock i of about 8.300 boxes, as tho discrepancy was put down to a provlous over iBtlrnnto of tbo stock through error, and though no actual advance In piles waa established for a day eir two afterwatda, yet several thousand boxes chingad banda at up toll Jd., and as much as OJjd. waa obtained, for parcels In bond. The following week, howevor, it carno out that the Customs returns were oilgloally tight, and tho apparent correction of an error w_s wrccg. The (Sect first produced on tho mirket, though not ol much extent, was, however, retained, and holders have been asking since 11 "rd. for De Rou- baix and Jenars. In no caso that we know et hu tbl« pilco, however, been paid ; but we have heard of authenticated sa'es at 113d. for D. R. O.'a, and UJ1. to lljd. for Brandon's, i or the Neva Company's we continue to quoto 1». Cements bavo been very firm and steady. The aalos reported, however, have bcon limited to Bupplyli.g requirements ; but though much stlffaeas has boco evinced by holdere and Importers, no operations be- yond thene already referred to hwe come under oar notice. In trade parcels, Portland, best brands, have ruled at 10s. Od. to 17a Medium brands h-vo benn quoted at 15i Od to 16)., and outside brands are valued at 16s. In American plaster retmrkaMy littla bas trune pin el ; wo bave usual!; quoted 17a. to 17a. Od., according to bland. Ohem'cala.-All look a shade bettor. Soda crystals bave advanced to £10 10a. and £11, at which, thou*h not much, has been done; tho market Ia Uren. Car- bonatéis Improved a trine; eales bave been made at £1610^. to £17. Caustic has advanced to £20 to £21, but Infoilor bas bcon sold a", £19 Ia fliwors of sulphur thero has boon se mo lit le siir this week; we hear of over 140 tons havinir been taken up at prices rblog frcm £14 10a. to £10 Tartaria acid is not so'llng, quotations aro steady at Is. lOd. to 2>" but drtibtless as the season approaches will likely improv--. Prepared opium, owing to supplies by the last mail being lighter than waa expec'od. Is firm at 27s. to 27a. 6d. Chicory.-We reiDort a moderato demand for colon! ti- gre wn at 4jd. to 4Jd. Thore 1B mtUlug doing in im- ported blands for export, and for local UBS theao cennot, with a duty ef 2d. per lb., touch or compota with nur own m-uiufocture GotTee.-Thore 1B llttlo charge to report In tbli staple. All tho advices to hand from the supply ma' kota ato 0 a favourable character, but as stocki belel ate ample, and almost the whole Is he'd by the trade, who aro enahlod In consequence to regúlale prken, nothing of any Interest has been made publl.-. Best plantation Is offeitltg in quintlty at Od. and up to OJil for email lots. Java is wortb 8d. for common, to Sjd. for ber-t quality. Nativo Ceylon would mett with buyers at 8d. Co; fectlocory.-Thero la llttlo d-ilng; prices, how- ever, aro vory firm, and salea of Kelllar'a assorted conlectlonory havo been mado at 10d., below whici thero Is nono row to be had. Coloni't made (Vic. torlttn) a-Eortod find buyers at S^d. to 8J1. Oandlol peel has bcon Felling at 12Jd, anti jo j iboa are di-" posed of ntl4d. Cordage.-The market has been quiet, a vory fair trade demand li-r-J boan experienced, but ai Vi»se'» with tupplioa of hemp aro keeping long out., strcki aro becoming vory low. This, howevor, hu not affected pricoi, sa no alteration bas boen made throughoutthe month. Uanllln hemp, mada Jin to]lu. cordage Is quitted at **_'. per lb. for first, anet7d. per lb for seeoi d quality, while assorted sizes rising fren lin. lo4)ln command £05 and £58 rcBpooilvoly. Now Zealand Ibu made, under Ila., brings Gd., and ovur lin. £43 Kew Zealand clothes-lines sell at 5d, and Calcutta at frrm 4_d. to 5d. Vlclorlan tmde flat moe Is quoted at £78 to £32 for ordinary, and £81 to £53 for (ho extra btttched now comino* into general use em the dlgglrga Ylctorlan- made cnlr hawser rope Is z»t rid of at £60. Bolt rope, Imported la worth £(B. -tuestan lines, tarred, bring £34 8eamlcg twine la lu very slow sale at 13d. Now Zaalnnd fhx has advanced, and now rangoi, according to quality, at from £22 '.o £30. Our dates from Manilla by tbo Ust mill tench to 18th March, when bomp was quitod at S 25dol. per picul for curront quality (or £41 Oi 3d ret port of diicharge); this showed a declino, anda further fall was pooiiblo. Bloam-lald cordage, lln. to 51a. as Eortment, was quoted at 14.60dol, (or £64 Sa. 3d. at port of discharge), at which several ordors were executed Fish.-There is only a very poor demand e-cpo xlenccd. Ling Is dlspoeod of at 4J 3. Half-barrels white borrlngs are moving oil at 27s. Firkins are quoted at 0a. ; lib. fresh herrings bring 81. Bol hor ilnga In tins aro disposed of at 32a. American lib. -salmon ia saleable at 12»., but Morton's, bolns: verv tcarco, has advancod to 13s Od. We noto saloB of 2 b. tina at 10a. Halves sardines are In moderate request at 18s. Gd. Quarters are sold at 7s. 8(1. to 7a. Od. Ono pound oysters aro very sluggish at 8a. Ono-pcund lobsters lind buyors at Ils., but the inquiry la not largo. Frulta.-Currants aro moving off moro slowly again, and tinco tho price wont np to 5d., comparatively llttlo baa boen dono. The value, howovor, la now protty well established, and wo do not oxpect any de- cline», at least at present. Raisins are vory firm, and moro off freely enough. Capo have been sold In bond at 4d., and are now quotod at Od.. duty paid. Ellimo havo been quitted at ed,, and for Valencia wo quite a similar figuro. Sultana aro soiling at 7_d , this balng a shads easier. Muscatel aro very saarco Indood, and salcabloatlOd. to lid. Figs are In short supply. We quoin 8d, por lb. Dried applosare nominal at 6d. Flour and Grain.-The Improvement Hooted last month In brcadetnffs has not only been maintained, but In tho early part of tho present month a further advnnco still was established. During tho last fort- night, howevor, au easier feeling has prevailed. The valuo of flour baa slightly receded, but quotations «t wheat havo not been affoeted, although It la thought prices havo scon their utmost limit. All sorts oi calculations aro mado out to show wo arc likely to have such a scarcity hero this seaion as cannot bo run el0 up In the usual manner thrnueh tho other colo- nies; butas no fallureln thoylold of wheat waa hoard of or thought of until a paucity of supplies, tho naturi consequence of farmers being ongagod preparing f « xext year's crop, sont 11p price) to our prosont quota- tions, wo aro not, on that account, going to give *r-y to any unnecessary alarm. Ono calculation makes out that thero will bo a deficiency as compared with re- quirements of 036,000 bu-herlsof wheat; hu', as tli.i basis tf this Is an estimated yield ol 3COODOO bushels while the Government returns glvo tho yoirV production at4 600,705bushol«,tho oattmvcddedjloncy Is at once turned Into a surplus of 205,705 busha'«, Tbo yield e.f oats Is put down at S 299,880 mi-liels. ol batley at 886 600 bushels, of malito at 30,833 bullio!«, and of beans, millet, ki, at 173.217 bu-hels. Tbe month oponed with salea of flour at £14 15a. to £16 Inquiries (or parcels in tbo first week led cn tho qui'. tanco of 300 tons, for the bulk of which £15 wan p\kl ; trado parcelB wero thon quoted at' £16 10s. Dur,n¿ tho following week parco'a being still inquired for, about 200 tons changed hands, and tho weok clotcd with a fair Inquiry for trado purpoaei al up lo £16. In tbo middle of last wesk a leoling ef slackness prevailed, though quote lions wero attemptod to bo iniintatned at £10. This week, howevor, the doollno became moro markeel. Flour for trado purposes could not be quoted ovor £16 10s. to £10, whilo one parcel ol 60 tons was aold at £16 2s. 6d., and a similar price waa neeeitod for a small parcel dlspose-el of by auction In Uko manner wheat roso In tho commencement ol tho month, when suo piles began to mu very short. Buslno-a oponed with (?ales nt O'. Ol. for Weetorn district wheat, while) Oi. 8d. to O». Od. uns obtained for about 7,000 bushels ¿I drier Borts. In tho early part of the following week 6,000 bushel« brought Os. 0J. to 6s. lOd ; really prima alai touched 7s., wbilo ordlnaiy to prime-, by auction, brought 6J to 6s. Od , and Iho week closed willi the salo of Western district at 61 Od. to Ga. gi., 12,00] bushels ct Port MacDonnoll bolng at aamo time placed at 69. lOd. or thereabouts. Throughout lost week tho sales wore limited to tho ano tlon- roonm, and the highest prices realised wero Oi. 7èd. to 61 Od. for good and 61 to 6s 4d for mollum, up to 7«. being got privately for small lota ot prime. This week we cannot quoto over 61. 0 J. to 0s, lOd. fur best. Lees business has likewise beep dono lu tlii ausllon room« ; attempts to soil wero on eovoml oro »ions baulked, and for iho fe ty lots disposed ot 61. to Os. 0-1. enly was obtained. Since the publication of the Government agricultural returns the roarknt li ni stiffened BOmewbat ; one parcol ol 8,200 bushols Woa tern district waa bought and ImmodUtoly re-sold at nboutOi. Od., and some othor lines to a groator exton! also changed bands. The Florence Is now loading foi KnglandjaBhlpment of 2,800 baga New Zaaltnd wheat te hand by tho Kachel Cohen, becauso It could not realise 7s. here; to got an equivalent In England the shipper« must consequently obtain a gross price of 8s. Od. Feed ing grains havo all receded In value. Business In oats baa mostly geno through the auotlon-room, -where rales of farmers' lot«, balancea of parcels, and that sort of business, can best ta done Hilling qualities, which have not been mui.li Inquired for, have been sold at 89. Id., but feeding descriptions havo beon quitted at prlcos ranging from 2s 7d to 81 ; 25,000 bushols will about cover the salea made, Maire has been exceedingly quiet, and tho price has dropped to 8a. 2d. to 3i. 8d., at which It now rules Barley has been vory scarce, and much wanted ; 6a. 10JJ. was paid for one line of 1,000 bushola English. At auotlon 7,000 husbels woro cleared oil at from 61. to 7a. Com- mon feeding barley has been sold at 8a. 8d. to 4s. 2d. and up to 4s Cd. Bran, after touching 18d. to l8}!., has receded to 12*,d. Pollard ia worth la. 2d. to Is. 4d. Oatmoal has declined to £20 for colonial. Pearl barley la worth £21 to £22. Furniture -On Thursday, the 10th, two Invoices of English furniture. In the frame and in the white, ex Dilbareo and Windsor Cattle, were offered publicly, when tho auctlonoora Buccoodod in disposing of every lino at Iho following highly satisfactory prices, vlr. : Drawlngroora suites, covered In damask. br»ught £51 each ; walnut couch suites, In frame, from £0 10s. to £12 per suite ; settees, do. do., from £16 101. to £17 10a. per suite ; .oak and mahogany hall ohalrs, 27s. each; oroqueit do., 7s. to 9a. each; willow seat chalis, 12a 61. to lia. each; walnut ov.l 4-pltUr loo tables £0 each ; do. pillar do, £4 15s. each ; oa-d tablet frnn£4 6i. to £4 10a. each; trays and alinda, 29s. euch ; corner whainois from 23«. to 85i each; 311, washslarda, marble topi, 45a. each ; 8fr. Oin. w»HntondB, do do., SO«, each;4(t waihaUnd" rio.di., D5s. nab; oak hill stands, from £6 lfia vi £12 lus each ¡ hall mahogany stands, from £5 17a 01 to £8 IO- each; oak and mabrgany hat stands, from 67a. 01 to 70a each; walnut chlllonnlcroi, from £616s. to £10 10s. each; oak hall benchoi, 33*. each; walnut music stools,,from 25a. to 32<\- each; poliefaed walnutescri- toires, £7 each ; horsehair, If. 2d. per lb. Gunpowder.-There bas boen nothing doing in blast is? powder, simply because stocks have run out and ahlpmcnta on the way bave not yet come forward. Wo are in consequence quite unablo to give a quotation In tbe present state of the market ; doubtleas, however, very extreme rates will bo obtained for the flrat arrl. vaia. As much aa 8d. was »orno time ago paid for a ablpment o( Kamee »float. Hop!.-Nothing of much consequence has como be f oro IIB in this market ; the demand, which at one ilma ahowed considerable improvement, was only limited r.i Bupplylng actual wanta. Konts, 1S71, resillad 2a 3d to 2a. Od., and 1870'a brought from Is. toll. 6d.; tbaru are no floo yearling Konts offering? ; thoao aro wo-th 1-. 8d. '68's and Wa are quoted at8d. to 101. A gw deal of Intoreat has been ovincod in Tmmani.n. ?». choice parcel ol Sharland brought 2a. 2d. Shoobridge*» have ruled at 2a. Wright'« turo alao beon sold at 2i. and ordinary Bsmples havo been got rid ot at li. Öi. to 1». lOd. Shoobridje's yearlinga have boon unid at 1«. 2Jd.; for older growths no quote 8d to lid. Malt.-A steady trade demand baa been exporlooced at 10s. 3d. to 10a. Od. A few parcels have barn taken up In quantity, aa ocoaslon required, at 9J. 01. 11 O'. Od., but that la the utmost oxtunt of wnai tua been dono. Metala-A quieter and more settled aapocthai boen aaiumed thin month, mote eapocially elnoe the roaH'j arrival, which »honed no further cauto for excitf ment, HovortholesB the wholesale ironmingera hive notified that, in conBe quenco of the With ratea ruling In England, thov » 111 to compollotl to adv- inco atill further the prlcoof oil hardware gooda. From the account» received hythe last two or threo mall?, thd trado ot Birmingham aoema thoroughly óisorgtulKerl. Ordere aro fo oxtonsivo and strikea so frequent. It ia found almost impotatble to completo a tltho of the orders arriving irom all parts of the world ; and It ia moro than probablo that a high soale of prlcea will continuo to bo required for a considerable time to come. Telegrama by tho mall having spoken of aprobjblerleo to £5 in tho home maikot on pig Iron, this advlco lod to about eso tona here and to arrive being taten up, and a trillo over previous quotation of £0 10«.;lor trade lots has been aaked Muco. In galvanised Iron laleB have been mado at very oxtreme figures. Scotch ia wanted, but there la noro to be met with. A ship ment of Goppel Oak was, early In the month, eo.J privately at £37, and on 30th nit., 6X City ol Florene», 24 canes Braby'd galvanised tinned corrugated Iron, 26 gauge, Castle brand, vero quitted at from £33 to £10 6 '. portón; txotherabipaOcasosSIt.do."brought£33do ; but latoron tlioto prices wero topped, when a ehipment of Goipcl Oak Anchor waa sold, a portion ot willoh realised the highest price got fur many yoars in our market. Ex Galatea, SO cuca 28-gatige Ooapel Oak galvanised corrugated iron, 7ft, brought £1110i. to £11 Sa.; 8ft, £30 ; Oit, £30 2a. 6d.; Oft.. £30 17s. Oi ; Bit, £38 Se. per ton. As a rule ordinary English branda, 20 gauge, aro quoted at £32 to £31, and at up to £36 for 28-gaugt», wnlle best brands 20 irauge tell at £86 to £83. Bar and rod Is quoted at £16 10i Sheet iron, aborted, NOB. 8 to l8, Is saleable at £18, white NOB. 20 to 26 aiBOrted meet with purchasers at £20. Tin plates are quiotor ; we quote IS por cent, ad vaneo on Invoice. Hoop Iron ia now valued at £17. Fencing wiro moeia with a rosdy sale, moro especially Nr». 8 CO tons of which sold on one occasion at £20 10;. In bond In the bay. Genornily speaking quotations for Kos. 0,7, and 8 rule at £1!), £50, and £21 duty paid. Shot la very qulot at £3(1. Muniz motal ia quoted at lOd. to lOJd. Kwbank'a nallB have risen lu value; about 1,000 kogn were sold In the beginning of tbo month at 10 to 12} per ont. off list, but the value Ina elnoa risen to 6 pur cent. off Hat. American nalia have gone up to 21). Ia American hardwire business haa not beon so actlv.i. Golllns's and Sharpe'« heavy axes bring 7Ci. Colilnb'j heavy picks are cow quoted at 64a. Amos'» ahiveta ' sell at 68s. Day'a DE «hovels, 31in. to 8611, aio quoted at E2a , and othrr mokera' command CO«. Hollo wire In in demand, mid eulo« can be made at 20 percent, iff Hat. Oils_A good deal of bualnois w13 tramactsd In keroicno in the beginning of tbo month A successful attempt WOB made at that period to advance the »rio-j to la. lid., alter the qulttanco of abott'. 1,600 CKIM Devoe'a at Is. 10 J c1. Tho arrival of tho Arden tluny. about the mino time, led to illa dispos ii of 8 0CO cases out of tho 8,000 which alio brough: to this port, at lo. lOd. to la. lOJd.J this enabled the pilco afterwards to cottle down to la lid. for Dovoo's and 1B. 101. for Oriental. BUSIIKMI haB, however, been much quieter since and the ml« only of 1,000 canea at la. lid. haa bean reported ; th 1 cauto of tho cú'ncsB which haa provallod for tho last fortnight munt be attributed In a gre it meuuro totn.j non-arrival of the Californian mall, which ia now a fort night past due but has not jot made Ita appearance. Tbo Eurjdlce, out over 100 dayo. arrived four or tlv 1 daya ago ; abo bringa about 00,000 cases, 0 000 cf woleh. we havo recently learnt, were Bold to arrivo. Advice 1 from Ameilca, by'salllog voaeel, to 10th Mirohrcpor; that tbo Seilen had sailed for Melbourne on the flret ot that month willi 17,000 caaoi. Caster oil ia quota! at 4a. Sd. Sales in bond havo beon mado nt 3i. 9Jd. LlLECod oil is unchanged, diums belüg v.iluoJ at 4-, 3d. duty paid, while bulk la quoted at 3a lid. Oolz» li veiy quiet at our quotation of Si. 4d. in drums ml 5>. for bulk. Bueinese in olive is recorded a', ino redncel price of Si 7Jd. for drums and 63. in wood, fjhlnoio oil commanda 4a 3d. to la. 4d. Polar oil is worth £30 to £86 Ollmon'a Stores.-In these goods a fair buslnesi haa been done. Common branda of pickles havo boen placed at Sa, Od., and up to 81. Od. haa been obtained for goodbranda. Batty's havo beon sold at 101, 31. to IO?., and Cross and Blackwell'« at Ila. 31. to lia 0.1. Bottled fruits are coming moto Into notlco ; 10'. 3'J. 11 reall'.ed for aesotted, »rid up to Ile. for black üjrraat->. lib jams command 61' 01. to 8'. Salad oil?, in qum-, aro quitted at l8«., 22a., and up to 25a.; pinta tra worth 10a. to 11s. Gd., and hairpin ta are saleable at 5'. Sd. to 6a and up to 7a. Caitor oil In piuts le valued 7a. OJ.; half pinta are disposed of at Sa. to Si 8J. Re Bon co of ancbovioa has beon Bold at Oi. 7JU to BL Od. Sauces bring 6a. Od. to 89. Od. and 10a.6d. Oupora toll at 6a. Colcmin'i mustard haa advanced to 81 ; lib, tins sell at Da. 91., and half pound tina at 6). 0 ?. Keen's D 8 F. Is quoted at 19i. tor pound and 11«. for for half-pound tina. YVhito starch la now wanted at Od., and bluootarch at a like figure ; aupplloa aro vorv fihort For thumb blue lija, is paid. Sago ia got aid of at 2§d. Macaroni and vermicelli sell at 10J .'. White popper ia firmal la. Od., and black peppor at CJd. to 7d. Provisions aro in veiy fair request at improving rates. Buttor ia moving off readily at 7d. to 01. ; the better quabtlca, however, aro Ecarco. Colooial- niado chooiO obtains buyers at pilcos rising from 61. to 8d. Bacon and hams meet with a moderate Inquiry at full ratos. Colonial-cured bacon ia saleable at 9.1. Hams aro placed at 131. Imported hams now ru'o ut 1». 4d" but only a very Insignificant quantity can be dlspotod cf. Quicksilver.-There is a vory trifling buslncaa doing ; prices, however, aro on tho whole pretty well eui> portet'. Salea are mado at 2?. lid to Sa. Elco-A good deal of buaiooaa waa transacted IJ Patna early In the month, when supplies on tho «ay came forward. The cargo cf tho Albert Victor, amounting to 0,000 baga, was oloared off In ona line, and £17 Sa. in bond ia supposod to have boon pud. The Victory, which waa reported oil Capo Otway tbo carne weok, waa ordorod to como on hore, but with tbo excoptlon of a email portion, tho wholo of tbl.i c»iti> atlll rtmainB unsold. Tho following week waa matki d by continued activity, tho market being then cleared of all arrivals, with 1I10 exception already roforrcd to. One thousand bags, ox Constance, wore taken up 0 1 Monday, tho 29Lh April, at £17 10a , while the day follow inir tho balance of tho IS. J. Spence'* cargo, about 200 .tons, changed nanda at a aimllar Oguro. For trado paicola £18 in bond, (quel to £21 lUa. t> £22, la atked ; but though tho market baa baori cleared eo far to pavo the way towards au ad- vance, we tear Btocka have bocomo too much f catterod to admit of ney rise for a long time Java rico It also very qulot. The Foronta, with a cargo, arrived at tbe end of April but having been importad by a rtce-clenniiig firm for dressing purposos, It haa not been plarcd on 1ho rnarkot. For undreasod Java we quote £18 to £10, and for droined £22 to £22 104. Ia got Bangkok la quoted at £22, and Saigon la nominal at £20. Salt has received a considerable amount of notlco this month. For about tho first two wooka buslncaa In tue marke: waa rettrlc'od to mero trado salea ; about a fortnight ago. however, the quittance of a pared of 100 tona lo a Uno at £4 became public, and attention boin? thus orcuwd, ono buyer want lu and cleared off 000 tons, which, with the purcbuea reported some time previous, centred almost all the stock bold into tbo banda of two. holder?. Prices were, moreover, paid which necessitate! ad vanclng the latea for tho future to 00a. for cm-do, 100a. fir fine Liverpool, and 110J. for Ono London Btovcd ; and from tho known scarcity of tho floor description It la cot Improbable that a further advine'. will,take place. The trade aro buying freoly, but 1'. must not bo supposed thal tbo quotations now given could bo got tor sbipmenta coming forward. Tli.. expenses in cartage. &c;, are so heavy, I boro ni IIB; always te a margin between tbo prlca got for ontlro ahlpmonts and the ratCB paid hy the smaller dealers. feugar lias been vory qulot for tho greater pitt of the month; some llttlo degroo of moro Interest lu the mariot, baa, however, boon evinced, both lait week and this, and priesa now appoar in a f.lr < way ot improvement, white crystals muru especially, tbOBO having alroady taken a start, For tho traniaotions reported however, we have not boon a 1 much Indebted to tbe auction mart during tho laat threo weeks On Tuesday, the 23rd ulk, 4,118 baga and mats Bourbon aorta wore cleared off putilicly ; medium counters sold at £32 to £33 ; low countors, at £30 Sa, to £31 10). ; browns, at £27 61. to £23 10c; gcod râlions, at £26 to £20 Sa. ; and middling rations at £23 10a. to £24 109. 000 bags yellow grainy Matulitua descriptions wero also quitted at samo t'me, at £23 10s, to £21 10a. On Thursday, tbo 25th, tbo damaged portions of tho Ophtr'a and Thomas Brown's cargoes, amounting to 1 009 bags, were placed at prices ranging, according to condition and quality, from £30 to £31 to £37 6s. to £38 10a On the 28th, the Odaltek's cargo waa submitted to competition. Considerable lutereat waa ovincod In Ulla ralo, and a largo attendance was attracted, whljh enabled tbo auctioneers to dispose of 8,766 packages. Low to medium yollow countors Bold at £31 10s. to £8816a. Fine yellow to good white counters brought £3610-. to £88. Fine wbtto crystals maintained their values well, as they ronllsed £40 to £40 10s. On Mon- day, tho 29ib, the Wild Wave's shipment of Java waa offered, but only a few huodioil bago of fine coun- ters wore quitted at £37 10s. With tbo exception of small sales of whitoa having boen reported at £40 during tbat weok, no other business transpiro! Tho Kaasa arrived at that time from Uaurltlut, and bor ad vicos, which teacbed to March 22, bad a very good effect. Last week a decided lniprovemout waa noticeable. Sales «arno to be made more freely, publicly as well as privately ¡higher rates wore oonoeded ; and.altogitbii'-, a much healthier tone and aspoot began to be asaurnad On Tuesday, tbo 7th lnst, about 8 600 mata and bago Bourbon were quitted. Qrey crystals brought £37 6«, to £3715a.; middling yollow counters, £32 10a. to £88; low counters, £81 10a. to £82; browns, £30 6a.; rations, £26 5J. to £27 10a. ; and low rations, £22 to £28 &?. Honolulu molasses, sold tho same day, brought £13 10s. to £18 16a. por ton. Privately moro demand was also reported On the 7th also, about 1,000 bags Mauritius sugar were quitted at £33 to £30 for fine counters, and by Thursday, the Dib, It became publlo that a great portion-of the Kassa'a cargo had found ita way prlvatoly Into tho banda of the trade. The quittance of. some 2.000 bags of this cargo, various qualities, waareported, at priesa ranging from £32 10s. for low counters lo £30 for finest counters. A parcel of (00 bags white crystals was also taken at £40. During tho week Jost closed a further Improvement has boen cstablliboa-an advance of 10a. to lb>. waa COLLO Jed at the public sale on the 13eb lnst, nhcu torno 4,225 bigaand mata Nout DCvjrta were e'eated i ff, all faull». For rations £20 Se. to £20 16« «aarealised. £2710a to £29 15a. for browne, and £30161 to £3116s. fur middling yollowa. Pilvitoly 600 bap« Mauritius tere quitted at £38 to £37 10«. On the 14th, tbo day following, a start cf fully 2Si waa effected for the Java groy cijatala sold that lorenoon, the nearest thing to whites that was offered; 3,181 mats, in all, wore cleared off. drey cryatala brou.ht £3010s. to £8915-, while grainy browns sold at £31 to £3110a. Damaged grey Java was qulttid at £37 16". 750 bags Mauritius counters were at same timo disposed of. On the 15th a largo operation was ovrrlo 1 through; some 12 OOO.matswhite Java orjstalBOha.ged bands on private terms, and bolders tinco have re- quired up to 42H. for tuen qualities. The eama<ed portion of the Ka-isa's shlpmout, "-baut 818 baga', realised £20 15s. for soft low counters to £33 10s. for fine grey ; 4*0 bags sound, ex Brun« vessel were placed at £31 5«. to £37 10a. Wo understand that by lan mall Mr. W. 8. Hart, who has so tatlatactorily lepreisnted the buslues-i of the Hong Kong ¡Sugar ReQnery Company hoio, lusrocolv.d Initiuctlona from Messrs, Wahoe, Smith, and Uo., ot Hong Kong, to wind np tho australian n<onoy. We learn that the Victorian Beetroot jugSt Company io making rapid progress towards a commonoameot to manulaoturo. It Is confidently expected that wltnlo a month this company will bo ablo to placo their sugars on tho i_ar_et. A -nji.11 sample of groy orystalo and ono of yellow crjBtolii, m»de by way ol experi- ment, and worth about £35 lo £37 respectively, Bhovvn to us, will very favourably comparo with tho manufac- ture of other countries Tea.-Uctsrs. Jos O. Robertson and Co report of the past month as _ollowe!-"A very largo amount of business bau been transacted in our market since the date of our laBt report lho prioclpal cvoot of the month has been a ipscu'attvo purchruo ol 20,000 packages In anticipation ol higher prices ruling tor certain descriptions on the opening of tbo Oblna tea market. The paokfgos were principally chest) and hall-chests, Tanging frcm common to good medium kinds. The remit of this movement proved for tho timo exceedingly bensnelal to holders, and a veiy considerable business han been done In trade parcelp, the sales in the aggre- gate amounting to about 0 000 packages, extend I na over all descriptions, and tbo market closes firm at an advanco of about Id, on previous niontKs. A good inquiry his beon experienced for the traer grades of kaltow congous, which are vory sctrco, and few desirable parcels aro ,td be obtained. Broken and dusty too cboff is now'almoat Imposslblo to quit, tbo demand being very smalL Common with leaf to low medium havo beon largely dealt in,a*, from Is. to Is. Bd Mt dium to good medium klnda aro vary firm at Is 40. to la. 7d. Kalso-va have boon quitted at Is. 8d. to Is. lid , and llueat souchong from 2s. to 2s. 3d, Fine gunpowder and orange pekoe havo bad fair Inquiry, and tales made at 2s. to 2s. 3d. Auction SUcs.-Several ro&ldueo; of ship- ments havo heqn tubmlttod. but no sales transpired, biddings not teaching importers' limit**. The stock in hauü on the 11th lust, was 2.823.853,b., against 2,040 8081b at samo tims last year Tbo de- liveries havo boen 087,2011b. Our quotations aro : CoDgou-duatfand Bit tings, 7J. to 8d. ; broken foo- chow, 8d. to.lPJd.; ordlnarj to good. lOJd. to Is. Id.; mlxod leal kinds, la. OJd.to li. 2_d.; do., with little flavour, Is. Sid. to le. 4d.; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 4d. to Is. Od. ; do. strone;, Is. 01. to Is. 6_d. ; do. strong flavoury, Is. 7d. to la 8d.; kaisow kinds, stroog, Is. 8d. to Is. lid.; pekoe Eouobong and pekoe flavour, Is lid. to 2s. Id. ; fine rich pekoe, souchong flavour, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 8A; do., very line do., 2a, 4d. to 2a. Od.; orango pekoe, ¡icon ted ordinary and broken, Is, 3d. to Is. 4d.; do., good to fine, Is, lid. to 2i. 2d. ; capor, ícente-i, common to middling, 1B, Id. to is. 4Jd.; do., middling to Ano, Is. lid. to 2s. 4d.; young hyson, good to line, Is. 6d, to Is. lid. ; do., finest, none ; gunpowdor.Cantoo, good to Uno, l8. Gd. to 2a.81. Above quotations aro at Íier lb. In bend for cheets (boxes being worth 3d. per b. moro)." Timber,-The market is well supported. Opsra'.lons duilng the month havo, however, been of a some what minor character, and the bu-leois do.-.o has been chiefly confined to colonial desorlptlons. On Tuesday, the 23rd ult, 114 logs cedar, t_, Lcokout, nore clc-rcd elf at 26«. to 34a. 0d. pur 1001c 10 loss, ex You Yangs, brought83a. 6d., and l8 IO*B30-I. 3d. 2 SOO Ironbark spokes were quitted at 10J 0 J. On tbo 20lh 25.000!t. Hew Zealand pine boards and planking fold at from 10a. to 12a. 3d per 100ft. aupe. ; alco, 74 'ORS kauri timber, ox Macquarie, at 15). 3d. to l63.9d. Ex Letitia, 16,0001t. Californian pine brought £1415!. to £16 2«. Od por 1,000ft ; 40,0091- do. rod pine, £1016a. to £11 6s do. ; 20 Oregon spars, Is. 01. to Is. Od. per foot running; 8 000 .jfr. plcke's, £9 2s. 6d, per 1,080 ; 3.0004(1. do, £3 2a. OJ do,; 2,5iO doors, aisorted sizes, D.U., S.U., and R.P., waru quitted at from 8s. Od. to lOi Od each ; ox Ma-met. all faults, 160 doors, assorted «Izo?, 7s. Oil. to 10L eicb. On Tuc.üay, the 30th. tbero were bold, ox air I aae Newton-21 logs li ich mond River pine, at 121. OJ. per 1001t tuper. ; 10 do., Iii 31. do.; 30 di., Hi. do.; \- do., lOa.Od. do ; ex Pioneer, 160 logs cedar, at from 25s,Od. to 38s S1 per lOOtr. ; ex ßba, 1.4,000(0 na-vn Kauil pine, at from 9s. Od. to 14s. Od per 100ft. kuper. On Friday, tho 3rd Instant, tho balances of cargoes ox Arracan, Phlneai Pendleton, and Kurili wore oflered for sale, and 10,000 pieces rod Balfe deals and battens wero clearod off at for 12 x 4,11 x 4, 9x4 12 x 3,11 x 3,0 x 8,4d. 0 10 -.ha to 5d. 7-lOthi prr foot 0x3; for 8 X 3, 8 x 2}, 7 x 2J. 0 x 8J, 4¡Jd. to 4jfd. por foot O x S ; ox Welcome Home, 10 loga cod.» realltcd 8Ss 3d. ; 10 logs, SO-. ; 10 loga, 361. 3d. ; 15 logs, 36<i.; 10 loge, 34s. 3d.; 24 logs. 29a. Oil. por lOOfc. super. ; 89 cedar illtebe», 26a. Od. do. Ex Pilot-IO cedar lops brought 38a. Od ; 10 lo-*-», 31s. 01 ; 25 logs 30B. to tOs, Gd. per lOOIt tuper. ; 45 logs Kloamond Hiver pine sold at 12a Od. to 12a. Od. do. The silos on Tuesday, the 7th Ins-, embraced : -Sx City of Flo- rence 3C0,000ft. Scotch flooring, all faults;0x| white T. and O. brou.ht Os. 3d,; 0 x J do . 7a.; 0 x . p ala de., 0a. Od.; 6 x J beaded do., 7_; .out vveat-iorooards, 7e. per lOOIt. lineal ; 1,884 0 x S rod deals BO brand, sold at 4Qd. per foot lineal. Ex Swallow, DDD brand, nil fault«, 1.100 rod de .Is, 11 x 3 and 0x3 roall-ed 4d. 7 lO-.bs to 6d. 3-16 hs per loot of 9 x 8 On Tuesday, tho 13tb, CO logs cedar, ex Macedon, were quitted a-. 28». 0d to 84». per lOOIt. Buper. Tobacco.-lho month coramonced with conaldorable activity and firmness. The heavy transaction! InOaine ron'n goods referred to In our laut having left very littlo of Vonus or Two Beag In -genu' hands, wero tho tneariB of imparting a feeliug of great tttmieni to tbo market, and strengthening the hunda of holdeis; and as It ia known that no flit work ii made In America during tbo winter montbi, say from January to May, it Is full; C-lculatud that no shipment made after work in commenced c marri v.) hore beloio November and pecember ; thoto no* CDm ing forward will consist chiefly of twists, the proiosa ot stovlng, which is bolng carried on from Decamier to February, enabling such to bo made. No lute opara liona havo boen carried through this month, the state of the market not requiring any euch to onablo it to maintain its position; but a vory tatUfaoiory trodo denfand for local use, as well as for export, h » beon experienced. Tho arrival of the mail aimawh.t interfered with business, but It waa not Ion*; bol-rathe market settled down again Into Its normal state. Too advices to hand havo had a favourable idiot, tho shipments advlBed having turnod out to be not mu ih more than what were known to he coming for a mouth psst. In addition, however, wo learn that tbo Herios, which left New York for Slelbourno on lit March, brings 70.0001b., of which nearly half consists of twist. The Californian mall has not cm« for- ward at all this month. On the 2nd instant an auction talc was held, at which very extreme pricos were realised. One hundred and twenty-nlx packages wero disposed ol, and Cameron's tons, of which only a small lot (damaged) was offered for sn'e, were taken up at tho extreme figures of HJd. to 16d. net cash, thus cstablishln. the rise nocortltatod by foimer operations. Cameron's twist, Raven and St.. Ar.drow, also damaged, at same tims brought Is. 6_d and Is. 4Jd. respectively. Bomovery fino aromática. Oanary-bird, lizht prestod, reallced from 2a. to 2'. l.d. Wa were at same timo Informod of tho sato private y at full rates of 200 packages to arrive ex ilillwj.ll, comprising Barrett's twist and Children's aromática Our trade quotations aro:-Common tem, 811. to 10d,; medium, la,; good. 14}!.; uno, Is. 4d ; dark halt-pounds, common, 0J. to 10d.; medium, lid. to 12J.; good, 15d,; fine, 180.; dark navies, lid. to 15J.; aromatic navies, 14d. to la. 7Jd.; aromatic poinds and half pounds, Is. to Is. 6Í., according to quvlliy ; aromatic fancies may bo quoted at up to is Od. for picked lota and finest light-pressed brings 2a DI. Twists.-Stocks are yet vory low, and ox tra prices aro obtaiued lu coiiBCquenco ; we cannot no .. quote undor 1« 4d. to l8.6... accordln. to brand, and no cheaper kinds of an> description are available. Ormond SWISJ cigars bring 87s 6J. ; Manilla choroots, 02a 0J. to 05 > ; Havannah Manila, Ufii to 70s Qcrm »n cigars, 40a to 70s,, and finest Hamburg make up to £10. Genuine Havannah bring from £10 upwards. Wines and Bplrltp.-In wings only a very trifling business baa been renortod, eales throughout have bean of an Insignificant," cba-actar. Sherriei hive bono dlepobcd ot at £18 £32, £40, £54, and £110 while ports have been qulttod at £18, £24, £30, £30, £60 and £68. Fino champagcea are still baroly supplied. A shipment to hand early this month waa eloarod off at 70a. to 80a., leaving scarcely any lu first hands ngalo. Braudioa have not been at all brisk, but a considerable amount of weakcoi» has ne.vnled thu maikot. Moat of tbo business reported has come to us by forced sales through tbo aucl-ui mart. This state of the market was more paiticulaily. noticed alter the mall's arrival, the discouraging nature ol the prospects a', home, as referred to In Moeurs. Ridley and Oo.'d vory lutorestlug: and ti'cful "London Wloo and Spirit Circular" of 12th Match bein, of a character not likely to pormlt or any advance, even ahouidl our market, bo sutfi clontlv Btrong to Btand agdnst a declino, a fact which became moro evident whon shortly afterwards an attempt to quit a pared of Otard - was mido, as to make any progress In sales at all a decline of 3 i. at least bad to bo tubmlttod to. llsnnessy'b palo bas been soiling slowly at Ol 91. llattoli'a dark has also realised 6s. Od, Kartell's palo baa stool at OP. 8d. to CB. Gd. Champagne Vineyard's has brought 6J. Otard's bas boon quoted at 6a. OJ. to St., but on Tuesday, the 14th lust., when offarod at auc- tion, 6a. 0jd. was accepted tor 105 package*, hilda and qaartcr-catks, then disposed of. For Jules Robin und Co.'s wo quote 6a. 9). A parcel of Marett'o was phced at 6s. OJ. Renault's Is valued at 5a. 01. Clozoau'e la worth Ca. AtBOclated Vineyard's com- mands 4s. 10Jd. to 5s. Ia cue brandy, an improved inquiry lorHoonossv'a spruuif up about three week« «go, under tho influonoo of whlou tbo value has risen from 26'. Oil and 26s. 9J. to 20'. Od. ; below this wo hoar of no sellers now. Considerable aaloa, however, woro made at Intervening prions while the advance wis goiog on. Of Uaitell's, also, numerous pirc-ls wero quitted at 22j. 9J. to 23a, aftor which the Im- porters raited their asking fljuro to 231, 9d. to 24i, A. parcol of 760 caaes U.V. P. brandy was placed at 23a. A email lot of Otard's datk was sold at 23a.. but for tho palo et this brand we do not quote ovor 22a. to 22a. Od. Othor brands are quitted at 17s. Gd. to 21a Od. On genovaaiun took placo about 10 days ago, 15 bottle cases more especially being In doinand, as It was found that tho stock of this description In bond comprised no more than about a fif.h of the quantity, 32,000 cisoa then held In bond. About 0,000 caaes wore in oo-Ecquetico run oil to the trad« in pircal*, chltfljr JDKZ and Key, tha former at prieta rising to 13>. Od. and tho latter at up to 12s. ed., and holders of tho first-named now ask 14*., and I81. ed. tor the latter. There is littlo V. II and Co. cfTorlng ; for ono pareil held an extreme pilra H wantod. Twenty-bottle cates, bolng In full supply, havo not riten in like proportion; at least bursra are not so willing at present to pty the advance. ltira 10 por coot, o.p. is scarcely looked at ; we quote 3a. 3d for Lemon Hart's, 3s IJd forR.W.P., and 3a. tor other brands. Whiskey Is vory elugirlah ; values range at from 3a. Od. to 4s. 8J. Sir It. -Burnett. Old torn finds buyers at 12a. 6d. to l8*. MELBOURNE WOOL MARKET. Ueien. OOLUSBROUOII and Co. report :-" Wool - At tbit ceaion of the jeir there Is scarcely any busl ñera doing, and the few transactions which have taken pirco during the month have been onflncd almost entirely to small parcels ol scoured and remnants of clips which have beon delayed in transit. In all 570 bales have been offered, and about 500 bales sold. Proipcots for next clip are favourable and Ibe j-eprrtt 'rom Iii iip-countiy districts are encouraging, the sheep beiDg gonorally in good condition. Thoro ia au abundance of old grass, but In portions of the colony, wheio tho rainfall has as yet been insufficient, tbero Is a deficiency lu the growth of the young food BO receetary to insure a successful lambing. This, howovor, may bo obviated before tbo lambing bscomes general, as there aro signs of a breakup of the «eather, and Bhould even a moderato fill of rain bo the result, a sufficient supply of fresh grass will no doubt bo speedily available Most of tbe stations are stocked with healthy young sheep, tbe exceptionally fins ecaaon we have had having en abied'bo owners to tatton and soil their old and In- ferior stock. Under those circumstance» there are Bubitantial grounds for anticipating a suoerlor growth ot wool, both in respect to condition and quility. The ad\lcoa icceived from Kngland by last mill wore eolliiectGiy, and there does not seem any reaion to doobt that price" will be maintained Writing from Loedon cn the 22nd March our correspondents advise that trade continues brise, and that manufacturers aro actively employed, whilst Blocks aro unusuilly low. Full ntcs were looked for In the coming Borlos ot rales, to commenco 11th April, and. wo are glad to learn from our late telegram, despatched from london on ths evening of that day, that thceo expectations weru likely to be realised, tho April and May belles of sa'os hiving opened with n vory largo attendance of buyors and spirited competition, t!?o dosing rates of February being maintained. Tbis is moat encouraging news, more especially when we take into consideration the fact tbat over U0O.C0O balos were expected te be cata liguedlor tbo eeries. The firmness of prices, iu ttc fice oi such a large quantity being placed on the marier, speaks well for tho Btablllty of tho trade, and IIB wonderful power of abso>ntlon. The quantity of Australian wool availablo tor sale in London this year will no doubt show a largo decrease, and this can reared? fall to bardon prices. Wo estimate that when the returns of thlpmants from these colonies for tho current year are completod, a deUcleooy of probably 16,000 to 20,000 bale» will bo tnsnifest. This quantity, added to the 26,000 balesshlppod from horo to America direct, will relievo the London market to tho extent ot probably 40,000 to 50,000 bales, as compared with last year, Ontho wholo.wo eau scarcolyrocolloct a tims whore tbo wool trade was BO prosperous as at proaent, and wo lock forward hopefully to a splendid clip, both as regards quality and condition, alco high rates for it The sheep farmers have now a chance of retrieving tbo rover;eB they bave experienced during the Ion f continuance of droughts and low prlcos ; and if the Interest IB notirjurod by unwise législation, a more promising future for It seems almost córtalo. The followlrg ships have cleared during the moafi with weol on Doard :-liny 14, Loch Ness, from Holbourne to London, 1,502 bales; Hay 17, Calcutta, from Mel- bourne to London, 1.622 balea. Total, 3121 bales. Add piovious Bblpmenls, 201,038 bales. Total Bhlimenta-Octobor 1st, 1871, to aate, 205112 bales. Prices current nominally as follows (no wool offer- ing) ¡-Greasy-Inferior, 8d. to 91 i. ; ordioary to avemRC, lOd. to lid, ; good to superior, 11J1. to is. 2d.; fleece-inferior, Is 2d. to le. 3d ; ordlmry to average, Is, 4d. to Is Od,; average to good, Is. 7d. to Is 10d.; Buporior, Is. lid. to 2s. 2d.; scoured-in- ferior. 1». 2d. to is. 4d.; ordinary, la. 6d. to Is. 7d ; middling to good, Is. 8d. to Is. 10d.; Buporior,le. lid. -to 2s. 2d. Sheep.klnB.-Our regular auction sales hold during the month havo been well attended by tho local fellmongers, and we havo sold a largo quan- tity ol all r-orts at tho following prices, viz. : -Butchers' crosebreds, largo framed, tip to O' 6d. each; merinos, from 2s. 3d. to 5i. Sd. each ; and dry gMns, from 3Jd. to 81 per lb. Bides-lhere has been an unusually largo supply during the past month, which has caused pilca* to ruloatbado lower. The greater portion of what has cemo forward has toan talton for lodi consumption. We quoto wet salted from Gil to 5Jd. per lb ; ox hides, 21-. to 32s. each ; heavy-woights up to 40J. eaoh, and cow hides from 12«. to 20s. each. Calfskins realise u J to 0$:. per lb. Tallow.-Our weekly salû3 have baan well attended by tho locil and Bblppiog trade, tbo foimcr hiving operated much more frco'y than mu it Prices during the month nave te-in vory regular, and we have sold 1,040 casks t<f all descriptions. It is probahlo that an entirely new market will soon be opened for this produce, a considerable quiatl-y having bcon purchased on French account. Tho Etliinno et Laurence and Isabelle hive both o'oved out f.r Celle-lsle. France, with 1,628 casks on boar I There aro trial Bhlpments, and If they turn out as well as it anticipated, will be rontinued regularly. Wo have Reid but mutt on from £3510s. to £37, beet from £31 10 T. to £30, mixed from £13 to £35, and Inferior from £¡0 to £31 per ton. The following ehipmonti havo been made. viz. î -Moy 6, Etienne et Lturenco, for Eellelele, Franco, 763 casks ; May 11, Isabolle, for BollelBle, Franco, 876 catks ; May 14 Loch Near, for Louden, 666 casks; May 17, Calcutta, 762 cms Total, 3 080 casks. Preserved af eats -Tho different public empailles aro actively at work, andaré pro- ducing largely. Very little IB sold here, tho bulk Icing shipped to London and Franco Tho m*-ats continue to be preserved In eplondid order, the beet portions of the carcase only being u<od. The t-h'prr cntB aro IB follow :-May 6, Ktienneot Laurence, 91 cases meat, for Franco ; May li, Isibclle. 255 cmau meat, for Franco; Hay 14, Loch Ness, 4803 caaoi meat, for London ; May 17, Calcutta, 7,270 cases and 40 tierces meat, for London, Total, 12,422 oisos and 46 tierce«. Kangaroo skins continuo to be in sojd tin muid ana lealise high prices We havo sold plokoa larg» skins up to 4'H par aozon ; la'ge eizai from 20s. to 30».; medium to large, 101. to 20s ; and small to medium. Irnm 3s. io 10s. par dozen." THE LONDON AND AUSTRALIAN AGENCY CORJOIUTIOX LIIUTFH report :-?' Wool.-During tbo past month the trousactions in our market have been unimport- ant, only about 5'.5 bales having buen sold, Including those pUced piivatoly. Activo competition prevalía for any lots coming forward, oupcclaly for medium and gcod scoured, for which we have constant In qulrieB.andno difficulty In obtaining prices Batlsfic tory to owners. Advicäo reueivod by the H.H.8 Baroda, on the Oih InBt., wore encouraging, and It WJS reported by private and public telegrams that higher quotations were made than had been previously known. Our London brokera report that, 'Taking into comidera'ion tho unusually small quantity of the raw material with which English usera havo suppliai themselves, the comparatively small stocks la our manufacturing; district«, and the continuation of a very tlouiishing trade, thoro is much rcuaon to concludo that at tbe next sales, which will com- mence on tho 11th of April, our homo bujora wd> bo compelled to compote with greater determination ' Our London house Informs us tnat, ' Since tbn closo e f the February sales a falraniouut of business had bean doi o privately, art prices ruliDg about Id. per Ib below the blgheBt point roaohed during tbo last serle» oi hales. A Dont 1 200 bales Rlvor Plato wools were sold by public auction In Liverpool in tbe middle of March, which commanded a good attendance ot buyers, tut prices ttill ehoacdflcaknesB ; and during tho n&rae; period thore had been a decidedly quieter fueling lu tho Engllth wool market, and in cotifequonco ot the free supply of tktn wools, this description hal slightly glvon way. Home raanutacturors continue to bo .veil employed, but complain of not being able to obtain for their goods pricca commensurate with the present values of tho raw material. Continental reporta are not quito BO cheerful, but it is not apprehended that thoro will bo any alteration In tho market during tho April May series of London saleB, when it Is expected that about 2GO.0CO bales will be uüarod. Upto22ud March, Iho quantltlos arrived and nfliat woro:- Vic- torian, arrived 42 463 bales, afloat 07,705 batos ; Sydney, artlveu 19,152 balen, »IIo«38,000 bales. Respecting ou otm market, wo look foi Wird to the nexteevsouV prlces being encouraging and remunerative to growers ana we tully anticípalo it will bo strongthonod by the reappearance of our Ameilcan friends and the agouti for Continental bureta who operated so freely a-ul spliltedly lout Booeon. Altogether it can sca-cely bo expected snch oxtremo rates will continue to bo ob- tained 1er certain dtps of wool. Freights remain J-1, por lb. all round. Wo glvo the following quotations : - Greasy-Infei lor, 7d. to Sd. ner lb ; medium, 8Jd. lu lOd. per lb. ; «rood, lid. to 18d, ; Buporior, none «.li¡>r irttr. Sllpp-iDferior, 7d. to 9d. per lb.; medium, 9d. to 14o,; good, lid. to lOd. per lb. ; superior, 101, to l81, per lb. Scoured-lufe'lo', lOd. to 153. per lb ; me- dium, 16d. to lOd. por lb. ; good, 10JJ. to 23d. ire lb, ; superior, 23JJ. to 291 Fleece-Inferior, 15 I to 17d. tor lb. ; medium, 17d. to 19Jd. ; gool, lOJd. to 22Jd.-nominally; Buporior, nono offering. Tbo follow tug ships bave clotred nineo our last, viz : May 14, Loch Mee», for London, 1,452 bales ; ¡ity 17, Calcutta, for London 1,022 balen; to which add previous hhipmont«, 202,372 bales-total ohlpmaoti th co 1st October, 1871, 2(15.446 bales. Vessels load inp:-For London- Koysl Adelaide, Euterpe, City ot Fiorenco, Windsor Castle, Moravian. Sheepskins. The matket continues well supplied, and bujor« coii tclo with spirit ; prices are Arm, and ia many instance» a slight advance is perceptible. Butcher«' green tidna tell from 2>. 9d. to O'. 4d. each ; dry station skin from 4d. to 8Jd. per lb. Hides.-Tbeao remain steady at last rnonth'd ratea, and are readily boiulit up tJI local consumption. Ox hldos cell from 22«. to 30«, each ; cow lilüeB, from 13i 01. to 21B. Od.; wet salted, from 4d. to fijd. per lb.; calfskinB, f romOd. toO}l.psr lb, Tallow.-Prices in tho homo market have rosumeei their former position af tor the drop reported In our labt monthly report. Fine Australian mutton la lo good demand, and stock in flrtt hand I on 2ltt Msroh I iriven as5 800 csBk», when quotations wero for mut toe 42s. 6d. to 43s. 3d ; beef, 41s. Gd. to 421 8d. per owl Weiegret to obaoivo that reports still quoto min) parcel* se dregged, watery, and clayey. Our mirk-.i HOB been \vo:l Buppllod, and good competido i h »< prevalled. large quMitltlos having been bought by loe i manufacturer«. We quoto mutton from £31 10s to £87 6s ; beef, £3310a. to £35 16s ; aud mixed frort £82 to £30 per ton. Tho bhlpments of the raoo.tr. amount to l,fc03 casks, 105 pipes, and 12 tierces Froighta aie ubtaiuable at 60s. per ton. Bate ot Sx chango -Tho banks quote :-00 dajB' sight, buyln. rato, i per cn t. discount ; 80 ilavi.' sight, buring rata" par.JtlOdtjB'ulght, «o'llngrato, J percent premium 80 days' Mglit, selling rato, 1} per cent, premium Stations-Since our last roport on the 22od utc transactions havo been restricted. Although buye-i aro desirous of Inventing owners are ludlspoied to nell except at higher quotations than havo as yet beer obtainable, and freehold pastoral properties aro neu rarely placed in tbo open market The following stations nrn reported as having been ojld at »ati- fao tory prices:-Kolyambo, ou the Darling Rlvor, wlti 20,000 el'.eop and 1,000 cattlo ; Oino-Olne aud Kramen on the Lachlan, with 23,000 shaep. Well- circumstance station property and freeholds are becoming m>r< pougot alter, capitalists being desirous to Invoit ir this description of security as at present making tin best rolurns for ibelr money. The want of seasonibli ralna has oomowhat retardod operations, but Uti advlcea from the country report general ralna, and wi expect sn rctlvo market tor this description of pro petty. The prices of sheep havo considerably Ira, proved within the last week, and this willouwa In cr eared firmness." Meurs, HASTINGS CUKINOIIAH and Oo. report (soisot 1871 72):-" Wool.-tlinoo the dato of our last moniblj summary thoro has beoa very little business dono 1. this market, tho quantity arriving tor sale, a' usual at this time of tho year, being Incon ridorablo, and confined to odd lot« and coun'.rj fellmongers' parcels of scourod skin wools. A fe« saliB have been held, and about 620 Dales sold at svis factory prlcos. Bain is much wanted In the district whero lambing is commeccsd, but, within tho la« f aw da}s there have been appearances of a change o weather, and the winter rains may now bo lookec for. Tbo stock generally are In good condition food being abundant though drv. and the pros pesta oi the lambing aro good. Freights an stetdy at JJ. per lb. all round, the tannage on tbi beith being very small. Quotations c1 prices aro for greasy from £)}d. to 14Jd per lb ; scourei Iron ICI. to 2fjd per io. The tblpmenta rince last ropor aro BB follow:-For London, from Hibson'o-Bty Aneleluy, 095 baler, cleared 22nd April ; Loch Nut» 1 502 ba|o«, cleared 14th May ; Calcutta, 1,622 ba'ej crated ISihMay; total, 3,819 bale«; previous ship meit', 183,083 bales; total shipments for London 180,908 ba'os. For America- Nebraska, 8an FrancUco 00 ba'ct; prêtions ehlpmonts, 10,098 baJoij total 19,180 balea ; tetal shipments from 1st October, I 1871, to 18th May. 1872, 206.088 bales. Cor. I reapondine period 1870-1871, 205 034 bales; do 1MW 70,194,134 baloa ; do. 180-t-OO.206,80*1 bales : d.i. 1807-08, 105,875 batos; do. 1809-67, 163,816 bales. The Royal Adelaide, Essex, Windsor Castle Euterpe, and City of Florence aro loading. Bhoepsklna have como forward freely, and havo been eagerly competed for, Iho rales held during the month boin* well attended by fellmongeiB and other buyora. Butchers' greon skins have been sold at from 3a. 6eL to 6s. dei each ; dry station skins from 4Jd. to lOd. per lb. Hides.-Full supplies havo been disposed of to the tannera and local trade at prlcea equal to last month's rates. Heavy weights realkod from 23s. Od. to 30a ; light woliihte from 12s. to 22s. eacb. Calfskin's from 51. to CJd. por lb. Wet salted hides sold at from 4*rd. to CJd. per lb. Tallow.-We have hold four salen by austlon daring tho month, and disposed cf 400 pipes. Mutton brought from £30 to £37 17a Od. per ton ; beef, from £34 to £S0 per ton ; mlxoo, from £32 to £37 par ton. Com- petition has beon well maintained, and tho rates roalliod sustain last month's quotations. The ship- ments amount to 2100 casks. Kangaroo Skins. There has been a demand for all slzo', but only a small supply haB been brought forward for Bale. Wo have placed several consignments at from 4i. öd. to 33a. per dozen according to slzo and condition. Mimosa Bark.-Wo harosold by auction a considerable parcel, In bundlea, at £153. per ton." Moura. J. H. CLOtjon and O i. roporti-" Wool. The business done in this markot since our last has beon very limited, this being tho Interval between the icasonp, when nothing st consequence can bo expected to ccmo forward till tho new clip begins to arrive. Fellmongers' woola aro, of course, excopted, but they aro almost entirely ablppod on producors' aeoount, and tboiefore do not como into the markot hore There havo been only two small public sales hold during the month, at which and by prlvato contraot about 600 balcB have changed hands at prices fully maintaining late quotations. The lots offered collated almoat alto- gether of single balta and romnanta. From the noithorn dlsti lota great camplalnlB bave beon made for some time back r>{ want of rain, by which feed has bocomo very dry and scarco, and the growth of the flooco chockod. In rome districts It la feared a break in tho wool will be the result. Wo aro glad, however, that during the past wcok the weather has become broken, and copious rains bavo fallen, which wo bollero havo ex- tended generally over tho colony, and thus rellevod tho Btcokownon,' fears of want of fced for the lamb log which shortly commonces, and will now moat probably be a satisfactory one. Oat quotations are: - Far greasy, 8d. to Hld. ¡fleece. 17d. to 2s. 2J.*Booured, 20d to 2a 2d.; and hindwatbed, 17d. to 20d. per lb. Sheopsklna.-Hines our last monthly report ws have hold our usual salop, and have disposed of a con- siderable quantity of all kinds at firm prlcos, ranging for butchers' groen sklnr, 2s. Od. to 6a. Od.; dry skins, 2a. to 6a. each, and 6Jd. to 9$d. per lb Hides.-We bavo sojd a fair supply during the month, and although a large quantity baa baen In tbo markot prices bave remained tolorably firm. Wo have sold green ox hide» at 25a. to 35a. ; cow, 183. to 22s. each ; wet salted, 4Jd. to 6}d. per lb. ; kip«, Od ; and calf- skins OJd. to 7d. por lb. Tho whoto now offered Is cleared e ff by tho local Irado. Tallow.-Since our last monthly report wo havo held four auction sales, and have disposed of 800 ca-ks at the following quotations, viz., for Inferior. £26 to £3110a. ; mixed, £83 to £36 ; beef, £32 to £30 ; and mutton, £36 t? £37 10 . per ton. A large proportion of the tallow now i lï-red in this markot Is taken by tbo local tra lo, which is steadily inoroaslng from the development of atcarlno candió manufacturing and othor purposes. Kangaroo Skins.-During the month there has boon hut a Broall quantity offering, and prlcea remain as last quoted, viz., from 3s. to 10s. for small, 10«. to 209. for medium, and 20s to 40s. per dozen for large sized skliiB, according to quality." MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mr. B. DB BEHR roports: - "A« was to bo antici- pated from the genoral tsnor of the opening remarks contained in my last circular of 23 d ult,, the aoaenco of animation m freights to England, then predlctod, haa followed eva a natural attendant upon the soason of (ho yow. Our supplloa of ships havo been very limited, but unîortun&toly; produce offsrlng for ship- ment haB been cqual'y so, In Illustration of which, the favourite i hip Jerusalem, of the Aberdeon line, in piece of aa usual taking the berth here tor London, pro- ceeds to Bong Kong, via Hewcaailo{¡-J. S Wales) with coals. The dopai turcs with wool und othor general pro duco during tho past mail month aggregate 5,140 tons register, against 4,021 at tbo same poriod last year, and embrace the Loch Earn, 1 200 tons ; Loch Ness, 1,200 ; Calcutta, 2,080 ; the former for Liverpool, the two latter for London; with the French barquea Etienno et Laurence, 880, and Isabe lo, 280, for a port in Frsnce, both being loaded on owners' account. Tin borth (or Kuglsnd la now occupied by tho Royal Ade- laide, 1,885 tun»; Essex, 1,042; Euterpo, 1,197; City of Forecce, 1,200; Winelctr Castle. 1,174; and Moravian, 067,allforl>oi.don. thcleaggregate tonnogo being 6 965. Taking the reason of the year Into account-tho carno einbrach.g ODO of tho dallent of the 12 months-pro- duce may be said to bo fairly offering; still the ton- nage on Iho borth Is onlr about adequate to shipping requirements, and consequently scarcely any cheintte in ralea tf freight from those current during last month are noticoab'.o, tho present quotailona being Wool Jd. per lb , tallow 00J. proiorvod meats 40-., ground bark e>2s Cd., chopped bark 601" loithsr 05a., wheat 45s. For Calcutta, tho James Servico hal bean despatched with a full load of horses, as referred io in lan circular ; and with a similar cirgo the E Izaboth. 203 tom, for U«uiitlu«, tho shipment belog on owner»' account. Tho number of pisst-ngora offering for Eui! land during the month haa beon upon au Increased ratio, the accommodation available by the Lojh Earn and Loch Ness (which, howovor, was com- paratively limited) being fully taken up ; and the samo haa to bo Bald with reapect to tho large ship Calcutta, commanded by Captain King, this Que ship having cleared with about 115 passengers, Tbo very rapid filling up ol this largo ship with cargo and p*i sengeis appears to be In co Bmall degree owlog to the general appreciation entertained for tho nautical ability displayed by her oom mander, Captain Kin?, and admiration of his continued perseverance in bring- ing his disabled ship safe'y into hor~destined port, a« roportod In my circular of 23th March, saving, as ho thereby did, heavy exponaos, not only to the under- writers upon his ship, but alao to those upon her la-go and valuublo cargo Tbo arrivals from all quarters have again to be advised as up:m a moderate scale, and certainly too limited for our general requirements, a largo proportion being of Iron construction, and of ex ra large tonnage, the peculiar leaton of the year causing our demauu to ruu ebie fly upon wooden uhlps, and of moderate capacity ; consequently tho chartering operations to be advlted aro comparatively tow, and embraco only, so far as reported, tbo Thomas Brown, 270 tons, bone manure heneo to Mauritius, £360; Kasaa. 825 tons, from Newcastle willi coals to a port in Java, and hack to this with produce at CSa. por ton for tho round; Odalieek, 275 tons, coals, Nos/castlo to Hong Kong at 45s., and back to Melbourne from 8 wa to tv with sugar at 40s,; letemento, 464 tons, coala, Now castle to Manilla and back at 76a ; Janot Stewart, 201 tons, 48*., coala, Newcutl* to Cbeoloo at 43a.; ship Jorusalotn, 900 tons, with similar cargo from same port to Borg Kong, at a rate which has not transpired ; ship Biitish Commodore, 1,289 tons, with goneral pro- duce from Sydney to London (proceeding from this in ballast) at current rates, the greater portion of her cargo being engaged at port of loading before leaving lilli'. Present quotations for cials, loadtug at Kew ensile, are as fellow, viz. :-Hong Kong, 42a. CJ.; Shanghai, 48'.; 8ingoporo, 2is. ; Jiva (several port). 16s.; Gallo, 20e.; San Francisco, 85).; but, although tomisgo Is no doubt scarco and wanted, chartorars Bhcv no indication of advancing upon the foregoing figure i. Tonnage la also inquired for to load guano from ilaldun Island to tho United Kiugdom and Continent at full provlous ratoa. and a moderato quantity la alao wanted to load birk at one or moro of the South Australian imports for the United Kingdom only, lor which 75s. per ton could bo procured In tho Intercolonial trade coal freights from New- castle evince a decided Improvement, owing to the scarcity of tonnngo and winter season, and 15a. to Hobson's Bay Is being (reilly offsrod. For tho pur- chase of ebipping a fair demand continues to exist, but tho limited quantity available or offering precludes a large business Doing ehmo, and the only silos e ff luted during tho month aro those of the Wild Wavt> (for- merly the China), 103 tuna register, built at Apoarade la 1860, classed 7 8-3, A 1 1, £2 003 ; Albert Victor, 881 tone, built at the samo port ia 1861, claued 0 3 3, All, £3,460. Considerable fears aro ontert-vlned for the r nie ty of the Frencli ba'qeie Familia, 278 tona. Captain Volant o whlob loft Cberibon, in Java, on 13th Fetmiaiy, with a cargo ni sugar forthla port, and li« not since been hoard of." Messrs. ALFRED WOOLM'Y and Co. report!-" Within tho four woeks which havo elapsed slues the Issuo of our last report, but few arrivals hive to bo chronicled. VosselB on the way from the United Kingdom and elsewhere aro all making Jong passago«, a goodly numbor being now oveteluo. Transactions »ave neeoa Bailly been restricted, and aro again of an uolmpoctant oharactcr. Fiuights continued to advance until the arrival of the mail, but tinea thou offerings have fallon eil, owing to tbo carjcotlatlon of orders ia cm sequence of tbo nnmo ous engagements catered Into lu England and California (or ships destined for the colonies, to load coal for China and San Francisco, which has had a depressing effeaS upon our markot, sa Is already evldoncod by ratea receding from 4s. to 6a. per ton, with ovoiy prospect nf a further decrease Immediately existing ordora aro fulfilled. For London -The chango which was fore Bbsdowed In our last month's circular has ¿ikon place, and the loading herib is now amply supplied with ton naiio, for which cargo Is offering freoly at or about our last quotations. The Boyal Adelaide Io noarly laden, and tbo Kuterpe, Essox, Cltv of Florence, Moravian, and Windsor Castle aro rapidly engaging cargo. Iba only clearances aro tho Loch Ne?s and Calcutta, willi full cargoes. With tho regular linera duo and to arrive, and Iho ships now loading for London, It should bo manifest that the berth will not just at präsent stand any further addition to the Hat without produc- ing a depressing effect In rates of freight. For Calcutta wc note tho departure ol tbo JameB ¡sorvlco on the 1 >t mt., with 70 hones, ka. Negotiations are now ponding for another vocsel to tako on horses and copper. For Java, the Kassa takes on c-al, and le engaged to load back. For Hong Kong the Constance oads In Sydney, and tho Aberdeen, Ardenttnny, Jeru- salem, Cd ilkk, and Lalla Rookh lu Newcastle. For Shanghai no engagements bavo to be advisee!. For the MautUlus the Thomas Brown was chatterod to take on a cargo of bonedust, ko. A couple of handy sized vessels are wanted for the round For San Frau cisco nothing bas been done, freight having receded. The Letitia and Good Hope have gone on to Newcastle to load thither with coal. Bales.-Tbo following vessels have changed hands ¡-Albert Victor, 881 tons regiator, built In 1864, £3,460 ; Wild Wave, 180 tons resistor, on private terms. Charters.-Aberdeen, 374 NtwcaBtlo to Hong Kong, 48s., and back from Swatow 40s.;'Odall»k, 27S, Newcastle to Hong Kong, 45«., and back from Swatow, 40e.; Jerusalem, 001, Nowowtle to Hong Kong. 44?.; Memento, 464, Newoastloto lUnllli and back, 76s.; Victory, 256, Newctsllo to Hong Kong, 44s" or Amoy, 45s.; Janet Stewart, 202, Newcastle to Chefoo, private; Katsa, 825, Newcastle to Java and back to Melbourne ; Thomas Brown, 278 Melbourne to Mauritius, 20s. per ton ; Kutorpe, 1,197, Melbourne to London, £1,000. Freight quota, lions.-Melbourne to Loudon-Wool, id. and $1. per lb. ; leather, 85a. ; tallow, 60s. ; ground biro*, 60s. to 55s. ; coppor, 6s. per tou weight ; motts 40a per ton measurement. Bou'.h Australian p-irts to London-70s. par ton for bark. Callan to Onltod King dom-62». 6d. per ton forguano. Newe istlo t<i8haQ4hae 46*., Hong Kong 40a. Amoy ii*.. Manilla 3ia . runga pote,SOS, Batavia 10-,, Calcutta l61., Baa Fnnclncri , 35"., Mauritius 21s, HoDion'a Biy 14)., Port Obalico:s 23«., Wallaroo 21s." MELBOURNE MARKETS. MONDÂT, MAY 20. TUeS MILLS There la no changa to note in the fbnr market slnco Wcdnesday's roport, quotations atill ruling as fol- low :-Bfour, £16161 to £16; pollard, la. 8d. to Is. éd.; bran, Is. Id. ; oatmeal, £21. RETAIL MAB.KKTS. The retail provUion market still maintains it« lato firm aspect. Butcher»' meat Is steady, and tbo pries for butter Is well maintained. Eng« ara vary scarce, and upward in tendency. Tha current prlcea are:-But- chers' Meat.-Boef, 8J. to 7d. per lb. ; pork, Oil. to Od. do. ; mutton, 2£d. to 61L da. Poultry. -Fowl», 8a 6d. to 5a per pair; geeio, 8a. to- lls, do.; duckB. 4a. to 6s. 0J. do.; turkeys, 10a. to 20a. do. Dalry Produce.-Oheeao, 6d. to Is. por lb. ; eggs, 2a. to ?.«. 6d. per down ; butter, la. 8d. to la. 81. per lb. ; bread, 7d. to 81 per41b loaf; milk, Gd. por quert; hams, la. Id. to la 3d. por lb, ; bacon, lid. to is. 2d. per lb. LIVE STOCK. McBsrs. BICIURD GIBSON and Co. report:-"Fat. Cattle.-This market continues to bo fully supplied. , ÏI10 number yarded for the laat month has avoragod "*«, over 1 600 head por week. Owlug to tho larga num. ¿ r? bor of midd lng and li forior quiiltloi shown prices "* for such have ruled asbade coslor, whilst prime quill, ties havo nuintainod tbolr price, say about 20a. par 1001b. Our sales this week havo boen 100 head of the FF brand, for Mr. Win. Robertson, Colac, at £0 lOj 2d. for bullocks and £7 12a. 6cl. for oiws ; 07 head for the executors of the late James M'Kvny, Tarrabandra Station, bulleen, at £7 3<, ciw«£5 8<; 54 bulleen, for Mr. A Crichton, Borwick, at £0 0L; 26 cows and bullocks for Moisrs R. and J. Leukey, Berwick, from £4 le. to £0 ; 10 bullocks for Mr E L. Simmon«, Rosedale, ut £7 ; and on Thursday last, 100 cow) and bullocks for Mr. Jrraea Newland, Terang, at £5. 18s. for the former and £8 7«. for the latter; 61 bullocks for tho executors of tho late A. M Millan, Caldermeade, at £7 16a. all round. IOS head mixed BIXOS and Inferior quality, for Mows. K. and B. Blako, of French Istsnd, at an average of ¿4 Sa. Also at Sanahurat, 82 hea« fnr the Bon. John O'BhanatBV, bullock» £7 6a., cowa £1 la 8J.; 82 head, tho culls of a draft coming on hero In tho sumo rnarkot for the oxecutots of tbo lato James ML voy, from Boyong Station, at £7 17a. Od. for bullocks, £513a. ii. for cowa. Fat cheep -During tho last four w.-oka a total of 08,706 havo toen sold through our metropolitan maiket-yarda, but owing to tho want of rain tho quality aa a wholo bas been under the usual average, and prlcea havo advanced Od. per hoad. Wo quoto primo 001b. wa.hers, 15). ; do. 48lb., 12«. to 12a. 0J.: 481b. ewes, 10a. ; 431b. do., 0a. Od.; and hive tbia weok told 362 owra for tho Hon. W. J, T. Olaike, Bald Bill, at Oi. OJ.; 102 wotheri for the tamo owner, from Bock Bank, at l61. .61. ; 887 wethers for Mr. Fraser, Bolfaat, at 16L 61.; 804 ewe» and wethers for Mr. Jan. Siaploa, Essendon, at frrm 5s. to 10a. Od ; 471 wethers for Mewn. Cann bell Brothers, Biddelia Creek, at 12*.; 122 Wo'hors for Mr. JoBoph Trotman, Glen Arthur, at 81 61 ; 102 owes for Mr. Moyity, Cranbourne at8*. lOd ; 133 ewes and wetheiB for Mr. James Morris Tan Tean, at from. 7s. 3d. to 25s.; and 00O ewes for Mr. Blair at 6a. 01. Blore Stock.-The demand still continues, but Is prin- cipally cocflnod to really good lois of threo to i-lx year old bullccks, aged wether», and good breeding ewe». We quoto best bullocks, £6 ; do cows, £3 10a. to £4; tlx and eight tooth wether«, for fattening, 6a. to 7s. Cd ; merino cweB in lamb, 7a. lo 10J. Gi.; cross bieda up to 12». Od." SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. POUT OF MELBOURNE. AM11VAL8 AND CLBARAÍ CES S1SCB OTJK LABT SUMMARY. IB., BrltiBh ; A., American ; Au , Austrian : Da.» Danish; D., Dutch; F., French; Ch., Chilian; P., Portuguese; II., Hamburg; lin., Hanoverian; L, Italian; W., Norwegian ; N O., North drinan; S., Swedish; Sp., Spanish; Belg., Belgian ; Br., Bremen ; R., Hussion ; B., ship ; b., barque ; br,, brig; se, schooner ; s.a., steamer.! April A1UUVED 26, Wild Wave, B. br., 18a, John FIshor, Batavia.-F. W. Prell aud Co. 26\. Oriti, B. BC, 00, Alfred H irvay, F ji.-Jamea Benty and Co. 20\. Foronia, B. b., 310. N. MLiucblaa. BaUvla. Bobert Harper sud Co. 27\. Victory, B.br., 255, It. Brown, Calcutta -J. Ka ian» stein and Co. 28\. Galatea, B. s., 1,477, Fredk. Wherhnd, R.N.R., London.-Geo. Harlin aud Co May 1\. Ecsex. B. B" 1,042,"W, H. Merryman, Londoi. W. P. White and Cn. 1\. Moravian, B. t., 062, Harry Ayltng, London. Da'ßoiy, Blackwood, and Co. 2\. Lalla Kookb, B -., 8eD, Qoo Fullerton, LlvarpooL -Blight Brother« nod Cn. 2\. Amur, B. b., 235 J. Cuthbert, Bourabaya.-Vic- toria Sugar Company. 2\. Dilbanee, B. s" 1,293, W. U. Bissett, R.N.«., Lon- don.-Virgoo Son aud Co 3\. Kata«, B. b , 325, J. Ly Groa, Mauritius.-Finning, Kanklvell, and Uo 8\. Janet 8tewart, B. br.. 201, M. Ellis, Ejrmoia - Victoria Sugar Comnnr v S. Baroda, R M B B, 1 674, D. BonuoldBon, Gulle.-P. B. Kendall. 0\. Windsor Caatlo, B. a., 1,074, Charles Dinsdale, London-J. II. ffhito and Co. 7\. Joruaalem, B e , 001, J. Largle, London-Di'gety, Blackwood, and Co. 12 John o' flauet, B s., 1,276, J O. Greig, Liver poo!-Goorge Afanin ann Co. 13 Formosa B. b.,330. Jan. Romney, Takao (formosa -Victoria EugarCnmoany. 17\. Kurydico, B. 1., 1152, U. L. Carr, Kew York Lorimer, Maiwood and Knmo. _ April ct,imtED OUT 24\. Bangalore», R M 8.8 ,1,178, O. O. Burne, Galle, vi King George's Sound -F. K. Kendall 24\. Loch Earn, B. s ,1,200, W. Robertson, Liverpsol. Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co 24, Aurora Australis, It b" 603, J. Duff, Aruoy, vi NewcaMlo.-Victoria Suuai Compa'iy. 80\. James Sei vice, B b., 441, B. Uackorele, Calcutta. -Boyd and Currie May 3\. Thomas Brown, B. br., 270, W. Bteoli», Miurltiu?. -Captain Steele. 0\. Etlenno ot Laurance, F. b" 380. J. P. Beiqae, Belle Isle.-R Lauratot and Lo Hoy. 10\. Letitia, A se. 210, Tima. Merrill, San Francleo, via Newcastle.-J. B Swasev and Co 11\. Ieabello, F. br., 2'0, L Hervû, Balle Isle.-P/ytz, Cominan, and Co. 14\. Loch Ness. B. B., 1,100. T. Molklf j)bn, London. Bolmoa, Whlto, ond Oo. IB. Good Hopo. B a., 1,177, F. H. William*. Pan Fran cisco, vlit Newcastle -J B. Bwasey aud C\ 18\. Calcutta, B. s, 2 0SO, W. King, for Loud in. Macfarlan, Blyth, and Oo SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. ¿ritiL 24. Loch Barn, for Liverpool.-*52 oases meat?, 14,871 bsga wheat, 2 boxe; luggage. Bangalore, R.M.S8., for Point de Gallo.-10 caaes eheste, 0 caseB butter, 05 Casca apples, 31 barrels pota- toes, 13 cases jam. 25 baga flour, 1 package sample tea, 8 tierces beef, 2 trunks boo'B, 1 bale papor bags, 1 package machinery, 1 caso brawn, 2 caaes provisions, 2 catea preserved motts 1 package bltd tklns, 1 box malzen«, 1 case pipes, 1 bato newsoapera, 2 packages samples wool, 1 packagevlowa, 1 pickato («noll paint- ing), 1 package Bainplea bones, 1 package document?, 1 package* opossum ekln, 4 pack aires containing com- pany's parcels. Amir, 30 J. 11101 Servico for Galt Ulta -20 oaaea j-em, 102 caaos preserved meats, 307 balea hiy, 16 tn.oi obaff, 155 baga bran, 20 tons coal, 8 package* sundries, 70 horeea, MAT 3 Thomas Bicwn, for iI»unttuo.-301 tons manure MAY 0, Ktionne et taurenca, for Bello lalo -706 pipos, 3 hhds 11 casks 21 quartor- caeba tallow, 01 casos pre- served meats, 14 ba'ea aheepskins, 2 bales kangaroo skins, 4 balts scrolls, o' caake pork, 163 balea wool. MAY 10. Letitia, for San Francisco, via Newoaatle.-OJ casen green fruit. MAT 11. Labelle, for Belle Isle.-875 packages tallow, 4S0 packages butter, 280canes preserved meat, 25 tiercoB salt beof, 40 cask! uiolaer.es. MAT 14. Loch Hess, for Glasgow-10 casks black fand. 4,535 cakes copper, 28 bales 4 cisus rabbit skins, 1 452 bales wool, 41 bales aorolls, 475 picksgea loatbor, 1,310 bags ground bark, 125 baga puai. 4 80O cuca prnaerved meats, 4 caaes wrappers, G56 caiks tallow, 2 casos v>binkey,S caskBljcor, 1,600 baga bark, 26 bales babils. MAY l8. - Calcutta, for London.-4,551 casks copper, 500 bags wheat, 20 ca»ks tbcl'rj, 16 bales candle cotton, 6 oiBca mlneial specimens, 2 cases ferns, 6 cn wlno, 53 pack aces apeclmens natural history, 2 packages bonk-, 13 kege, 8 tiercos sue!, 46 tiercel beef, a quantity of horiiB and bonos, 8 kegs tripe, 67 packages bail is, só- bales pelts, 21 tons 1 S63 packairei 2,634 baga 457 bales and a quantity of looao and ground bark, 72 baloi leather, 14 baie» 7 caaka Bkins, 105 pipes IB tierces 647 casks tallow, 7 276 casca prosorved miats, 1,622 balea wool. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE. PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. AHM, 24 Bangalore, B.M S.8., for Galle.-Paiwngera-cabin ._ For King George's SJUUÜ- air. J. II. Monger, Mr. S. Monger, Miss Malb'iws, Captain J, W. Robloson, Mr. G. W. Robinson. For Galle-Urn. Goodwin, two Infant«, and European woman servant ; Mona. Prlebo and native man tenant, one nativo, Mr. John Kneller. For Batavia-Mr. D. A. Von Raathoren. For Bombay -Mr, James Wilson. For Calcutta-Mr. James Pat- terson. For Suez-Mr. G. Forbes. For Brindis! Mr. George Robertson, Mr. James Miller, Slgnorl Poill ann Cortesl. For Southampton - Messrs. Bobert Furdono, A. Buck, Joseph Peacock, J. O. Tyler, Thomas Mitchell, Bmlthwluk, J. O. Whltty, Mr: and Mrs. Douglass, and three children. Loch Earn, for London -Pasaengors-cabin : Mrs. Bunten and family (twr). Mr. Bardnloko, Mrs. and1 Mira Benaon, Mr. Alex. Morrison, Mrs. Roxburgh, Mr. T. H. Blacklock, al isa Bay n e . and 12 In the second class. MAY 14 Loch Ness, for London. Paesoogers-oabln : Mr. J. E. Lloyd Jones, Mr. John Paul, Mrs. Mary Risk and family (ure), Madamoi M. T. Clifford and U. Lindsay, Mrs. Bornby and con, Mr. G. B. Engels, and Mr. J. M. Allbrook ; and li in the second cabin. MAY l8. Calcutta, for London. Passenger»-cabin : Mrc and Miis Wayno. Mun Wallace, Mrs. O. Brown, Honry Tat ten all. Mr. and Mrs. James Thomson, M Abra- hams, S. E. Meyers, John Barnard, Mrs. Buchanan and family (three), Mrs. Brunou, Mr. Miller. Misa French. Mra Govor, Mr. Greenlea, Mrs. and ilaater Smith, John Eastwood, aud Ulr-s O. Thompson ; and 05 In tho recond and third cabins. GOLD SHIP THAT HAS SAILED. Tho following Is tho only ship taking gold which haa sailed from this pore einco the publication of our last Summary, together with the quantity and destination : April 24|B»ngaloio.. ..kallo .. ..I 76,000 Tbo total amount of gold exported from tho colony since the beslnnlng of the year la 65l.202oz. of which 71,7t8ot wero transhipped from New Z01 latid. During the cjrre»pindln< period of the pre- vious year tbe entire quantity nxpnrfd was 635.218 in ,, and "f this total 82 016' ii wwrn from New5'»l»n'1. Primed and published by Bean GiOJV», »t TUR. AKUUS Offioo, Collins street, Melbourne, for WILSO* and UACKIKKOS, proprietors. 