JfVom tlte 'Courier. . BoWES, March 28. — The steamer Black Swan, with the English mail on board, after wasting three days at Mackay, arrived here at daylight, and went away again in an hour afterwards. Several people who had made preparations to leave by the Black Swan, lost their passages. It is the general opiniou here that the A.S.N. Company do exactly as they like,, and that the 'Government are powerless. Mr. King has agreed with the Normanby miners to have a crnshing machine at work on the Normanby by the first of October nex't. SYDNEY, March 30.— Advices from New Zea land state that the mate of the whaler Adven ture was killed by the natives -of Santo Island. The schooner Huntress was wrecked ; the crew experienced severe suffering. JSewe from Fiji to March IS states that Bart, the Premier, tendered his resignation, which, it Is reported, was accepted. Portions of clothing found amongst the blacks in .the North Jiave been identified here. It is still raining. MelboubNE, March 8).— In the Inter colonial cricket match the Sydney players scored eighty in their first ianings; Melbourne, lour wickets down for eighty -six. Once more — for the twentieth -time -we should think — the ? Municipal Council bare declared open' war agaiwt all stray pigs and goats. The warning has been given «o often ', that it is almost sure to lie disregarded, as on * all previous occasions. It may therefore bei well to remind the owners of these animals that the Council have determined to plant certain -of the town reserves with ornamental and shade trees, and will therefore henceforth, possess a stimulus not hitherto existing to the adoption of harsh measures against the* four footed foe6 of such plantations. Their duty .to the general body of ratepayers will leave .them no excuse for any leniency towards individual offenders; especially as in these prosaic ntili tarian times every shilling of expenditure for the mere ornamentation of the town is certain to be jealously watched, So long as the rate payers see their money spent on recognised and legitimate objects, such as salaries, law costs ? andthejlike, all goes well; but the eccentricity of landscape gardening, which does nothing! but promote the health and pleasure of the citizens, will be difficult to defend from the imputation of extravagance. Therefore, the Council will be -bonni, in. self-defence, to look sharp after the -well-being of their groves and avenues ; and goat and pig-keepers will par consequence be bound to look sharp after the nerfttnimlftfeifmH nf tlipiV stnnb. if tWir «rn«M avoid subjecting them to the last penalty of the Municipal bye-law. 'Wb learn that it is in contemplation to esta blish a separate Land Office at Bundaberg, to take cognizance of all applications, &&, from all that part of the Wide Bay district which lies North of a line drawn from a point on the Burrum to the juncture of Degilbo Creek with the Burnett. The new division thus formed will include the greater portion of the Mount Perry mining district, and extend Northward as far as Dawes1 Range, and as settlement is rapidlyiextendiug in that portion of the colony, there will be plenty of business to transact at the new office for some time to come. The Maryborough office has Jong been overbur dened with work, and additional assistance will in anv case, ire nnffersfanii- Vw- snnn to quired to dispose of the arrears. An office at Bundaberg will relieve the pressure to some extent, and likewise prove a great convenience to the inhabitants of 'Northern Wide Bay. It may not be out of place here to remark that an immense advantage would be conferred if ap plications for mineral selections were received at the local land-offices, instead of having to be forwarded direct to the Survey Department. Such an alteration would not preclude their being dealt with at head quarters, and the public generally would appreciate the addi tional facility as a great boon. We have reason to suspect that many a valuable mineral ? discovery has been suffered to slumber un known, owing to the trouble and expense of communicating with head- quarters, and the risk of disclosure involved in the steps requisite trvr *\nnr\\*T on The death of one of the oldest residents in the district, Mr. George Galbraith, is recorded in another column. A large cortege of horse men and carriages yesterday followed the body to its last resting place in token of their respect for the deceased. , The Provisional Directors of the Normanby Copper Mining Company have engaged- Capt. Hoskins as mining manager, and are taking measures for the immediate commencement of operations at the mine. Complaints have been made of unnecessary delay, but we have good reason for stating that the business has been pushed forward as rapidly as certain prelimi nary legal arrangements for. completing the formation of the company wonld allow. Capt. Hoskins has a high reputation as an expe rienced practical man, who will not let the grass grow uuuer his xeci. A few families, by the ' Herechel.' still re main at the Depot for engagement, aud three or four single girls. A better illustration of the demand for labor in this district could not be afforded than is exhibited in the rapidity with which the large body of people brought by this ship have found employment. From parties who ought to know we understand that there is still abundant room for a large number of steady single men, and the hope is generally expressed that a vessel may speedily be dis patched with a shipload of British immigrants. While fullyaekonwledging the good qualities of pur German and Danish fellow-colonists, we cannot forget that ' there's nae folk like our ain folk,' nor fail to appreciate the reasonable ness of the feeling which rebels against the policy of inundating the Wide Bay district with SefctlprQ nf frtvaifvn AiMcrin As another token of the progress of the dis trict we hail the announcement that the Bank of New South Wales has Opened a branch at Mount Perry. Such an accommodation was urgently required in that township, and there is little doubt /hat the result will justify the enterprise displayed in affording it. 