rJfiNERAt. NEWS. An old man named Samuel Harvey died suddenly on Monday night. September 30, at his residence, Beulah-road, Norwood. We understand that £12, the proceeds of the concert given at Brighton in aid of the Crook Fund, has been paid to the Hon. Secre tary, Mr. H. Turner. We understand that the Committee of the Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club have awarded a medal to each of the competitors (Haigh and Bablnge) who tied in the running hieli" jump eva'-t on Saturday last. Each medal wiil hear the names of both athletes. Some very rich specimens of ore have heen brought to Adelaide from the Wheal James. They are principally blaclc oxide, with some red oxides and peacock ore. and were got in the main lode about ten feet lower down than when the Directors visited the mine. The i lode, we understand, is four feet wide, and haa every appearance of being lasting. The following is Tuesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin TeVgraph Line :—Port Augusta, calm, cloudy; Beltana, K, fresh, fine; Strangways ' Springs, calm, cloudv ;'The Peake, S.E., light, overcast; Charlotte Waters, S., light, overcast, showery yesterday; Alice Springs, S.E., light, dull, Bhowery yesterday; Barrow Creek, J?., light, showery, cloudy; Tennant Creek, F.S.E., fresh, cloudy, thunderstorm in night; Powell Creek, E.S.E., fresh, cloudy; Daly Wafers, calm, cloudy; Katherine, E.S.E., light, cloudy; Port Darwin, calm, cloudy. No change in cablp. There was a great rush upon the shares in Scott's Gold Mining Company on Tuesday. At half-past 12 o'clock nearly all were gone, and the remainder moving off rapidly, Mr. Wiglcy being kept constantly at work receiving the application deposits. The gold obtained during the last ten w-eks was exhibited in Mr. WiU'ams's window opposite the Exchange, and attracted great crowdg of specta tors. The quartz specimens of all sizes are very fine, with the precious metal sticking in or about them, running through the stone in veins, or nearly covering it in hars, | sometimes crossing each other two or three | layers deep. The loose gold, of which there is a large quantity, is rough and migge ty, a large i proportion being in good- sized pieces. As the Galatea omnibus was proceeding this (Tuesday) morning from Glenelg to Ade laide an accident occurred by which Mr. Harry [ Turner had his right leg broken just above the ankle. The bus—a two tons one, and licensed to carry thirty-five passengers—was drawn by four horses, under the charge of Thompson, the well- known driver. He was going down the road, running norlh, of Hitchcox's corner, and faking part of the siding in order to pass a dray heavily laden with wood, when in turning a corner at this i poiut the off fore-wheel snapped. The vehicle was not overturned, but the front off side rested on the ground, the suddenness of the shock precipitating the whole of tha top passengers, except Mr. Turner, from their seats. Mr. Turner's leg caught in the foot rail, and was broken by the falling of the other pas senger.?. We are glad to learn no one else was hurt beyond receiving a shaking. The ladies inside the coach were of course alarmed, but they all escaped injury, A mattras3 was ob tained from Mr. W. S. Douglas's house close by, and Mr. Turner conveyed to his residence, where he was medically attended as quickly as . possible, and the limb ret. We understand no [ blame was attachable to Thompson. A correspondent informs us that he saw a brown snake about four feet long crossing a gravel walk in the Cemetery on Sunday. The interminable Border duties ques tion is still unsettled. We understand that the latest overture upon the subject is from the Government of New South Wales, who propose au Intercolonial Conference on this and j other questions, to be held in Sydney some time in November. It is reported that the Omeo on her return will bring to Adelaide a quantity of quartz from Westcott's reef to be crushed here; so that we shall then have -a fair idea of the character of the stone at Yam Creek, and of the prospects of the pioneer Gold Mining Com pany in the Northern Territory. The annual Committee Meeting of the Stow Church Sunday-school Juvenile Missionary Society was held on Monday evening, when Mr. L. Grayson, the President, occupied the chair. Favorable reports were received from the Secretary and Treasurer. Considerable pio gress had been made, and it was stated that about £80 would be handed over to the parent Society. Tha services attendant upon the open ing of the new hall connected with Stow Church, Flinders-street, were commenced on Monday evening by a meeting of a devotional character. The pastor of Stow Church (the Rev. C. B. Symes, B. A.) presided. Portions of Scrip, ture were read, and prayer offered by members of the Church. To-night the services will be oontinued by tea and public meetings. On Monday evening, September" 30, an entertainment was given in the schoolroom in connection with the St. Luke's Literary Asso ciation—Rev. Mr. Pollit in the chair—consist ing of readings, recitations, &c.; After a few instructive remarks from the Chairman, the programme was proceeded with by the mem ber.". The attendance w.-is all that could be desired, ns were also the readings. After BiDging the meeting closed. Mr, Jas. Scott has been getting more gold from his section near Mount Pleasant, and, believing that a valuable reef must exist near the alluvial, he lias resolved to offer she pro perty to the public in 20,000 shares of £L each, on terms set forth in an advertisement appear ing in another column. Since the 10th of July 920 ounces of gold have, the proprietor states, been obtained from the section. This looks more like a genuine lasting diggings than any thing we have yet had in the colony. The Victorian Minister of Lands has, it is said," been inundated with applications f ;.r the appointment of Secretary to the proposed department of agriculture, from all parts of Yictoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. " Each letter is accompanied by the prescribed essay—in many instances of such volume as to tend to the belief that the writer had penned a history of his life rather than a brief trea ise on the advantages of an agricultural depart ment. As judges will have to be appointed, who will htve to wade through the numerous contributions to agricultural scieuce, in order to select the writer mos worthy of the appoint ment, a considerable time must elapse before any decision cau be arrived at." According to the Melbourne Age, during a recent bitting of the Equity Appeal Court, Mr. Justice Williams received a tele gram from Europe, informing him of the death of his daughter. His Honor was so much affected by this intelligence that he left the bench, and did not resume his place for the rest of the day. The melancholy circumstances under which the death occurred are briefly these:—Mrs. Williams, Miss Williams, and another young lady were travelling in Switzer land. On returning to their hotel after a suc cessful ascent of one of the mountains, the two young ladies turned aside to visit a celebrated grotto in the neighborhood, while Mrs. Williams proceeded to the hotel. The grotto was ex- i ceedingly chilly, and on returning into the warm sunshine Miss Williams became suddenly giddy, or fainted, and, falling over a precipice, was instantaneously killed. J The anniversary services in connection with the Kent Town Wesleyan Church were commenced on Sunday, September 29, when three sermons were delivered, the Rev. W. P. Wells officiating in the morning, and the Rev. S. Kuight in the afternoon and evening. There were large congregations, snd the services were of a thoroughly interesting character. The . services were continued on Monday by tea and ! public meetings, which were bothvery largely at- | tended. The latter meeting was presided over by Mr. "W. Longbottom, who apologised for the ab sence—through indisposition—of Mr. J. Golton. The financial report wss read, and Bhowed a debt upon the building of about £2,000. Men tion was made of an order having been sent to Londoa for an organ, whioh would cost, with all charges, about £600, and which it wsb antici pated would arrive within 12 months. The Rev. "VV". P. Weils then gave a short address, ex pressing a hope that sufficient money would be raised to pay for the organ before its arrival, bo that money raised during next year might go towards the liquidation of the church debt. He trusted the various agencies connected with the Church might lie blessed, and that still greater earnestness might be manifested in the cause of the Church. Mr. J, A. Hartley, B. A., B.Sc., congratulated the Church upon the evident sympathy which was shown by the presenoe of members of other Churches, and expressed a sincere hope that efforts would be made to re duce the church debt. The Rev. S. Knight next delivered an earnest address upon the duties and privileges of Christian life, after which the Revs. T. James, T. Burgess, and W. L. Biuks addressed the meeting. The total proceeds, exclusive of liberal promises, amount to about £50. Mr. Halcombe, writing to the Minister of Public Works in. New Ztaland, on the sub ject of Danish, and Norwegian immigrants, says—"As a rule, the Danes are physically unable to contend with the hardships of a pioneer settler's life; and while the Norwegians house themselves comfortably with the rude materials at their command, are able to make good wages immediately on setting to work, and surround themselves with many simple comforts, and are, moreover, cheerful and con tented as a rule, the Danes are shiftless, thrift less, unable to work with the axe, and not very eager to learn, and are, therefore, unable to earn nearly as much a3 their neighbors, and, as a result, are discontented, unreasonable in their expectations from Government, and ready to magnify every little unavoidable difficulty into a great grievance. Nothing can be more marked than the contrast presented at the Masterton Camp between the two nationalities. The tem porary huts of the two parties are erected close together, the Dane3 on the one side of a sort of strsct, the Norwegians on the other. The houses of the Norwegians are comfortable, ex quisitely clean, and in most cases even taste fully decorated, their inhabitants clean, cheerful, and contented. As the result of two months' work, the Norwegian party have paid thc-ir store account for their two months' supplies in full, and they have to draw for one month's work besides, which will probably, most of it, be paid to the Government in partial liquida tion of their debt for passage, &c.; The Danes, on the other side of the street, are compara tively poorly housed; there is no sign of com fort or thrift about their rooms—their houses and persons are filthy. They are heavily in debt to the storekeeper; and though they have had, per head, nearly 50 per cent, more food supplied than the Norwegians, they complain that they are not allowed to run more heavily into debt. Hiving in view the additional diffi culty which mus t result to the Government in recouping itself advances for passages, &c.;, made to the latter class of men, and the fear that a large number of them will merge into the 'loafing' element of the community, I desire to suggest the desirability of encouraging the Norwegian and discouraging the Danish immigration as far ta possible, and of exercising a far more stringent supervision over the selec tion of the- latter immigrants than have been obtained in the case of the two shipments already made. I desire to point out that the mixed emigration of Norwegians and Dane3 is a mistake, in cousequence of the existence of a very titter national feeling of animosity between them, which prevents their co- operating in any thing, however much it might be to their mutual advantage to work together." 