COMMERCIAL. Again the blockade of our up-country roads is complete. Even the mails are unable to keep time, and carriers are not to be obtained at any price. A little loading has been forwarded during the week, but there is some 200 tons awaiting transit, while in the up-country dis- tricts the scarcity of many of the necessaries of life has justified apprehensions of a famine. On the Broadsound road traffic is also interrupted, and unless the rain soon ceases rations will have to be conveyed by means of pack-horses. Extreme dulness prevails in wholesale trade, at a time when, were the roads open, there would be uncommon activity. The weather is also prejudicially effecting retail trade, and a dull Christmas is anticipated. The advanced prices of merchandise in the colonial markets, and the conviction that rates must soon become easier, is causing traders to withhold their orders, and carry on with as light stocks as practicable. The Sydney and Mel- bourne markets are extremely bare of goods, and the news just received by telegraph that the shipments from British ports to the Colonies shows a large increase, has been received with much satisfaction. It need hardly be said that scarcity of goods and high prices tend much to lesser consumption and restrict busi- ness. We may here mention that already the iron market begins to manifest signs of weakness, an anxiety being shown to quit roofing at a reduction of £2, per ton. The local flour market has a firmer tone, in consequence of the non-arrival of expected ship- ments, and the quotation is £17 10s. to £18. The schooner William, with 250 tons flour, has now been more than a month out from Adelaide, and was until recently weather-bound at Kangaroo Island. The Hopeful, with 160 tons, on Monday last was working her way down the Brisbane River, and has, it is feared, to contend with unfavourable winds. And advices from Adelaide, per Leichhardt, report that owing to the wet weather delaying the harvest in South Australia, no new flour can be despatched for at least a month hence. So that, even were the roads open, difficulty would be experienced in executing orders for this article just at present. For forage the demand is slack among to the abundance of grass. Hay is considerably cheaper, and the tendency of other articles, is downwards. Potatoes (new) are in better supply, and are quoted at £9 to £10. The Polmaise is still detained through the non-arrival of wool from up- country, and it is feared that she will not get away till the first week in January. The Pacific and Hopeful, barques, will be on the berth in a few days, both vessels having cleared at Brisbane for this port a week since. We learn, however, that the Pacific is detained by insubordination among her crew. Should the weather be at all favour- able, these vessels will have quick dispatch, as a large quantity of wool is en route to port, and as they will load alongside the wharfs, thus saving the delay and expense of lighterage. The English mail now nearly due is expected to bring intelligence of the sailing of another vessel from London for this port. The labour market is in a very stringent state, and female servants are quite unprocurable. Employers are anxiously awaiting the arrival of an immigrant vessel with an adequate supply. The Danish immigrants per Shakespere have not turned out well, having almost invariably failed to fulfil the engagements they made on being hired at the dépot, and thus given cmployers much trouble and annoyance. The wool received during the week has been as follows : By the A.S.N. Co. : 5½ bales wool B ; 24 bales Isla. By Waller Reid and Co. : 7 bales, MB. Travellers report about one hundred wool drays on the road near Springsure, and a large number also on the Peak Downs Road. JOHN MACFARLANE reports: During the past month there has been an increased inquiry for all descriptions of sheep and cattle. Young breeding ewes, are much wanted, and could be sold in large numbers of good rates. Fat stock is also in demand for the southern markets and for the supply of our own companies during the coming cool season. There are large orders on hand for store cattle, but they cannot be sup- plied at present rates. Breeding ewes, 4 and 6 tooth, prices nominal, none offering in this district. Full mouth ditto, 4s. to Ss. 6d. ; mixed sheep, 5s. 6d. to 6s. 6d. ; wethers, 4 to 8 tooth, 6s. 6d. to 7s. 6d. Fat Sheep.-The number required for town supply whilst the hot weather lasts is not great. There is a large demand for good wethers for delivery in winter, but there are few sales to report, there being an unwillingness to fix rates at present. I have sold about 700 shorn wethers to the butchers at 9s.; 4000 Barcoo ditto, with delivery on station in February, at the same price; also 4100 old ewes, unshorn, for boiling, at 7s. Sd. Store cattle, no eales; mixed ditto, from 50s. to 60s. ; steers, from 65s. to 80s. Fat cattle, good bullocks, £5 10s. to £6. Squatters' Exchange, December 20,1872.. CURTIS AND WORMALD report :Business has somewhat improved since our last report. The transit of goods and produce to and from the interior is delayed from the almost impassable state or the roads. A few days of settled weather will, however, remove this obstacle, and give us renewal of activity usual at this season of the year. Our sale of the India's cargo has already been reported. On Wednesday last we disposed of under the hammer, at Tattersall's Sale Yards, the shipment of draught horses ex the India, at prices satisfactory to the shippers, which induces us to look for a renewal of shipments of this valuable class of stock. The stock market is still quiet. We antici- pate considerable briskness in this department in the course of a few weeks, from the numerous inquiries we have had from purchasers for all classes of stock. We succeeded in placing a small parcel of Maryborough sugars at rates likely to induce further shipments, and we look forward con- fidently to important transactions in this article of daily consumption. We are informed that the proprietors of the Hibernia Reef have commenced crushing, and that the result is likely to be highly remunera- tive. Commercial Sale Rooms, December 20, 1872. The Leichhardt brings Brisbane files to Tues- day last. The Courier of Saturday reports : Tuesday having been a holiday acted some- what as a check on business during the past week. Town trade has been pretty active, but there has been a little lull in country orders. The unusual scarcity of import goods is being felt more and more every day, and the require- ments of the Christmas trade, owing to the non-arrival of the Abbey Holme, are not likely to be answered. We have been drawing from the Southern colonies for some weeks past to meet existing demands, but can do so no longer, supplies there being also, at the present time, barely sufficient for home consumption. Liqueurs and Cordials.-A local manufactory has recently been established in Brisbane by Signor Viscardi, which bids fair shortly to supplant in public estimation the imported article. The samples we have seen are in every respect except age really first-class. They are excellently got up in pint and a half bottles, neatly labelled, and the contents are most delicious. Signor Viscardi has already produced eleven different varieties, cases of which, con- taining one dozen, are purchasable at from 30s. to 48s. Bank Rates of Discount are : For approved bills of 65 days and under, 5 per cent ; 95 days and under, 6 per cent. ; 125 days and under, 7 per cent. ; 165 days and under, 8 per cent. ; over 165 days 9 per cent. Interest on fixed deposits : 3 months, 3 per cent ; 6 months, 4 per cent. ; 12 months, 4 per cent : secured overdrafts, 9 per cent. Rate of exchange on Sydney, ½ per cent; on Melbourne, 1 per cent. Exchange on London is as follows : -The banks purchase bills against produce at 60 days sight at ¾ per cent discount, the selling rate on bills being ¾ per cent, premium. 