ROCKHAMPTON POLICE COURT. ^- . Friday, November 1. BETOEE (be Polioe UagUtrate. SOT HAVING A HIKEIl'S BIOHI. George Welters, manager of the Cowarral Quartz-crushing Machine, nae, on the informa- tion of James Delaney, fined 10s., with 3s. 6d. costs of court, and 21s. professional costs, for mining without having a miner's right, as required by the Gold-fields Act. I _ Robert Suppërus, for a Uko offence, was fined ! in a similar manner. I FUBIOUS BIDING. ! Joseph Lendraht was broght before tho Court, on the information of Constable O'Reilly, for riding a horse furiously in Fitzroy-strcet, and en langering persons' lives thereby. Ho said he waa in Mr. Melbourne's employ, and was riding a horse of Mr. Forz'e. Constable O'Reilly stated that defendant was well able to pull tbe horse in if he had liked to do so. Thc Bench inflicted u fine of £2, with costs of court 3s. Cd. ASSAULT AND DiTTHEV.-INSULTING LANGUAGE. Ab You, a publican residing at Bouldercombe, appeared cn summons, charged with assaulting and heating and using insulting language towards Mary Ann Liefer, the wife of another Chinaman residing in the same locality. Mr. Milford for the plaintiff, and Mr. Melbourne for the defendant. It appeared from (he cvidenco that defendant came towards complainant's house on Saturday last, and called out for his wife, who waa there ; the wife did not come, and defendant threw a stone towards'(he house; this led the plaintiff to call defendant a devil, and the latter then struck the plaintiff on the the face, and indulged in abusive epithets towards her ; this was the ground for (ho charge preferred. Defendant swore lint he paid com- plainant £3 10s. to settle the cssrs, and she took (he money on that understsnding ; £3 at one j time, und 10s. at another ; she, however, posi ' tively denied having received more than 10s., j and asserted that elie did not know what that , was for, but supposed it was for her child, as ; Chinamen frequently made presents to. the ! child. Several wilnosses were examined, and the I Bench dismissed the information for insulting language, but in the assault and battery case I ordered thc defendant to pay a fine of £2, with j 4s. Gd. costs of court, and 21s. professional I costs. ! Mr. Melbourne gare notice that he should : apply to the Supreme Court for a prohibition. ' LAMENT. i Hans Neilson, a Danish immigrant per ! *' Shskcspere " living at the depot, was charged J on the information of Sergeant Lynam with stealing a bediiek, and a pair of trowsers the property of the Queensland Government. Detective Barry, being sworn, stated that on Thursday afternoon he arrested the prisoner in tho Depot on the above charge ; told him the chargo through an interpreter, when prisoner replied *' I cannot say against it ;" witness pro* duced the trowsers willoh be received from the officer iu charge of tho depot. Sergeant Lynam wardaman, stated that hs had charge of the Government stores, also of the bedticks, and they ! were branded with Her Majesty's broad arrow ; missed some articles yesterday; identified thoBO I now produced as Government property that had been in his care ; saw these trowsers before in I tho possession of a young woman : she told him ! something ; in consequence of this ho went to ! thc police ; saw tho prisoner with the young woman and showed prisoner the troweors, and the young woman, fronting tho prisoner and his wife, said, " I get 'em from him ;" their value is 15s. or IBs. ; witness had missed many ticks ; knows his number. The prisoner elected to bc tried summarily, and the Bench ordered bim to pay 15s., the value of the trowsers, and 10s. for j the interpreter's expenses ; in default of imme : disto payment, to be imprisoned fourteen days in Rockhampton Gaol. 