MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. Coal. — A seam of ooal -1 feet thick has boon struck by boring in tlio selection taken by Messrs. Pongolly, Osborno, T. Millor and others, on tlio otlior 8ido of tho river. This coal lies uiulorncath tho seam of fire clay already.' poken of, and wo boliovo and liopo that the oreotior if smolting works will bo taken in hand by. thoso wit will not allow tliu onterpriso to "fizzle out" — II nil -ay aud Jiurnett flews. SuBMAius . Tunnoiuniv. — Tlio most intorosting dis covery hoard "of lately is' one for laying down snb- mariuo telegraph wires, even across tlio. Atlantic, with insulation amounting only to a singlo unit instead of tho 170,000 units of tho 'prcsont cables, . thus of course saving two-thirds of tiio: present ox- penso of theso oablos; and making oceanic telegraphy ohoapcr tliun that ovon of tho land. — Leader. Telegraphic. — The admirablo way in which tho telegraphic wire to Port Darwin docs its work lias attracted much nttcntion. Two tilings mainly contributed to this result. Tho weather was favourable throughout, and tho lino runs north and south. Tlio first may havo been exceptional, tho second is a quality of more nearly constant vuluo. . Thoro appears to bo (i 'natural How of electricity from north to south and south to north, which reacts iuduotively on tho current through the wires. East .and wost lines aro more liable to interruptions and dorongomcnt. It romains to. bo scon how fur tlio rainy season will- iuterforo with tho steady trims- mission of messapos. — Ibid. , 1 Preserved Meat. — Some now processes in meat- preserving havo been patented. Mr. Fryor boldly olosos his tin of uncooked moat,- air aiid all, and then subjoots it to a pressure of 275 under pressure, I have an idea that too much importance is attached to the perfection of tho vacuum, but Mr. Fryor appears to rush too reoklossly to tho othor extroinc; Ho lias' to prove his case yot, for pcoplo will not boliovo in tho thorough preservation of meat by his prooess Until the tins have boon snbjeotcd to tho ordoal of tinio — say for at least throo years. — Leader. — A-incoting of tho Australian Meat-Preserving Company, Mclbourno .Limited), was held at tho company's otlico, Collins- 'stroet wost, at which (says tlio Telegraph) tho dirco- ... tors' report and bnlnncc-shcot to tlio 15th nit. woro submitted and adopted. Tho result of the company's upuruuuus iu unit uiuo utiu uoi ucoii so sunsinciory as . was ahticipated, hut as tlio condition of livo stock wonld now gradually improyo, and a surplus might he oxpcctodupon tho ostimntod valuo of shipmonts to London, at which at dato of last advices liono had yet arrived tlioijo, it was hopod that on tho ensuing six months' business thero would bo a eonsidorablo profit. In accordance with tho nrticles of association, the whole of the direo'tors retired, but woro unani mously re-elected. . , Enterprise.— It is rumoured that fa company is about to bo formed at Stowell, lor tlio purpose of sending four experienced minors to llio.Northorn Territory, to take up claims on tho much talked of eold-iiolds. A total of 100 shares, at £5 onoli, wiUbo.issuod, for defraying .the cxponscs, and. wages' of tho party., "The amount realised, if any, says tho Ararat Advertiser, " is to bo divided amongst the shareholders in proportion to tho numhor of shares held! nnd tho company will, in all essonliul particulars, be similar to any co-operative mining vont.nre. . Tlio nion selected tnbAi'taAjipr.k will uso their own: discretion ns to tlio Moro%jjHR tlV goldfiolds on wbioh. they will curry on bo loy!arations.'' — Leader. , 1 7' " "Teaching a Native Dog. — A story has juat boon reported to us CLttbbo Despatch) which in itself is as -successful a record ot 'tlio aouto tracking capabilities of the aboriginals as we havo evor heard. The dingoes had been playing sad havoc with tlio lambing flocks on Bclderodgery run, and a blackfeilow employ od by Mr. Sparkos, tho Superintendent;' ' determined to nt;ail events visit some of: the dostr.oyors : with condign punishment. One morning ho found a -number - of , owes and lambs dead in tho yard at tho Tch- milo Ridgo, ' and thenco he tracked for a mile and a. half a nativo slut to tier lair in a hollow log.: Ho blocked up - and set fire to the log, and the result was .that when the log was nearly destroyed, tho cliarrod' remains of tho: slut, threo puppies, and the heads' of about twonty lambs woro discovered. Tha-slul must have taken tho' lonibs to her pups. The blucklcllow certainly doscrrcs credit fer tile acuteness with .which 'ho tracked and put an end to tho marauder. ', Crossing the Murray.— In tlio Victorian Assembly Mr. Francis introduced the Fencing and Impound ing Bills, and also took initiatory Bteps to impose an inspection fee upoii'lho stock crossing the Murray, and subject to examination by Commissioners "appointed undor tbc now Cnltlo Diseases Prevention Act. V This is," says the Leader. " simply in sqlf- defonbo that wo havo appointad Inspectors at the difierent , crossing- places, and it would scarcely be just that these officers should bo paid out of revenue contributed by tho Victorian public." New Zealand. — Wo havo Now Zouland papers to the 80th nit., hut tho leading features of the news' havo been anticipated by tho intclligonco received from Auoklnnd via Sydnoy. A . most satisfactory native meeting had been hold at To Aotca, in expla nation of Mr. MoLcan'b statements. The Ngatirnu- kawas resolved to socedo from tho king,- and proceod to defino their own boundaries, without reference to tho Maori King or his advisers. This is regarded as a very important change for tho betor, as materially reducing uiu liumuer oi nnunau nunereilts. Mr. McLean's negotiations havo boon thus oniinently suc- . eossful. Greville's now Plymouth agent had pub- 1 lislied some sonsational news about To Kooti being at I Mokau with GOO men. The Government, howovcr, had contradicted tho statement, asserting that tho -ots woro altogether distorted. At Napier, Maaka Kooti's butcher) had been arrestod for- tho murder. — >ative who carried tho mail, in 18G8, and com- Hion Jrinl. Ho stated that To Kooti appointed 3 wore hound to doBtroy thoso ho desired or iy liim. The Port Chalmers railway wns to k od early in Ootobor. Hi A' - Mode of Washing.- — Tho ill-offeot of soda on H i has-- given rise to a now method of wasliiug 9 - winch has been extensively adopted in Germany, and introduced in Belgium. Tho operation consists in I dissolving two pounds of soap in abont throo gallons I of water as hot as the hand oan hoar, and adding to I this ono table-spoonful of turpentine and throo ,pf I liquid ammonia; tho mixture must thon ho well I stirroil, and tho liuou steeped in it for two or throo I hours, taking care to cover up tlio vessel which con- I tains them as near hermetically ns possible.' The clothes aro afterwards washed out and rinsed in tho I nsuafway. Tho soap anil water -may be rohoated, I anil used a socond timo, but, in that case, half a I table-spoonful of ammonia must bo added. The pro- I oess is said to causo a great economy of timo, labor, I and fuel. The linen scarcely suitors at nil, as thero is littlomcccssily for rubbing, and its cleanliness and — UiiC? -i-qerfect. Tho ammonia and turpentino, to Sy (pR'ncir detersive action is great, havo no promjsAdTcct upon tlio linen ; and, whilo thu formor — Affjlffratos immediately, tlio smoll of tho latter is B said to disappear entirely during tho drying of tho I clothes. The Individual Element in History.— Tl»c I lessons given to every civilised child tacitly imply, I like- the traditions of the uncivilised aud scini-civil- 1 iscd. Mint througliout tlio past of the human race the | doings of the leading persons have been, the only 9 things worthy to be remembered. How .Abraham B girded np his loins nnd gat him to this place or that; B liow Samuel convoyed rlivino injunctions which 'Saul B disobeyed' ; liow lJavid recounted his adventures -ti9 a shepherd, and was reproached for his misdeeds ns a king — these, aud personalities akin to these, are th ' o facts about which the juvenile Tender of tho Bible is interested, nnd respecting which lie- is catechised ; such indications of Jewish institutions as havo una voidably got mlo the narrative being regarded neither i by him nor by ids teacher as of moment. So, loo, when, with li'is hands behind him, ho stands to say his lessons out of " Pinnook," \vc see that the tilings set down for him to lenru are — wheti and by whom Euglnnd was invnded, what l-ulors opposed t he inva sions and how tlioy weto killed, what Alfred did and wliat Oanuto said, wlio fouglit at Agiueourt and who conquered at- Floddcn, which had abdicated, and which usurped, See. : and if by somo clinncc it comes out that there were serfs in those days, that barons woro local rulers, some vassals of others, that subor dination of tlicm to a central' power tool: place gradually, these- are facts treated as relatively unim portant.' Nay, the like happens when the boy passes into the hands of his classical master, nt homo or elsewhere. "Arms and the man" form the cud of the story ns they form its beginning. After the mythology, which of course is all essential, eoino tlio achievements of rulers nnd soldiers from Agamemnon down to Ciosar ; what kiiowlcdgo is gained of social organisation,' manners, idens, morals, being little more than the biographical statements involve. And the value of the knowledge is so ranked that while it would. bo a disgrace to lie wrong nbout the amours of Zeus, and while ignorance of the name of the commander at Mnrnthon would bo .discreditable, it is cxctisnble to know nothing of tlio social position that preceded Lycurgus or the origin and functions of the Areopagus. — Study of Sooietyj by Herbert' Spencer, in tlio Contemporary Jteoiem. Another Look at the Ivolf. — During tho brief existence of -tlio Marino Liquor Law, a showman, liiadohis appearance in a certain town,' with a small, dirty canvas tout, a half-starved wolf, and a suspicious- looking keg. 'Tlio admission feo of cents was oliour- fully paid by a number of porsons, who manifested a peculiarly strong dosire to seo this very common nnd villainous-looking specimon of tho animal kingdom. But tho oddest part of tlio sliow to tho bystanders was that ono visitor went in to " take another look at that wolf " no loss than sovon times during tlio after noon. Tho secret was at last revealed. ' After some unsuccessful attempts to start for home, ho np- proachod tho tent door with an unstondy stop, aiid handing his last dimo to thu showman hiccoughed, " I b-bolicvo I'll just tako ono more look at that wolf !" — American 1'aper. Danihii_ and Norweoian Immioranis. — Mr. ' Hal- conibo writes to tlio Minister of Publio World) iu Now Zoaland on this subject ns follows: — "As'a rulo, the Diuics arc physically uiiablo to contond with the hardships -of a pioneor settler's life; nnd wliilo the Norwegians honso tlicmselvos comfortably with tho rude materials nt their command, arc able to mnko good wages immediately on sotting to work, and, sur round tlioiusolvos with mniiy simple comforts, and , aro, moroovor, ehoorful and contented as n nilo, tlio Danes aro shiftless, thrift-loss, uunblo'towork with the axe, and not very ongor to learn, and aro thoroforo nnablo to earn nenrly as much as their neighbours, nnd, as a result, aro discontented, uuronsouablo in their oxpeotntions from Govornmeht, and ready to magnify ovory littlo uunvoidnhlo. difficulty into a groat griovnuco. Nothing can ho more markod ; than the oontrnst presented at' tho Masterton camp hotweon tlio two nationalities. Tlio temporary huts of tho two parties aro orcotod. closo togothor, tho Dtinos on tlio 0110 sido of a sort of street,' tlio Norweigaus on tlio othor. Tho ! houses of tlio Nor wegians are comfortahlo, oxquisitoly clean, ' and iii most eases even tastchilly docorntod, their inhabi tants oheorfnl and contented.- As the result of two month's work, tho Norwegian party havo paid thoir store account foF thoir two months' supplies in lull, and tlioy havo to draw '.for ono- mouths' work bosidos, which will probably, most of it, bo - paid to tho Go-- vernmeut in partial liquidation of thoir debt for pisago, &a.; Tho ;Danos, .on tlio other sido 0" tho street, are oomimrativolv- ' noorlv housed; : thoro- is no sign -of comfort or thrift nboi$ - their rooms, — their houses and jiorsons are filthy. Thoy - are heavily in dobt to tho storekoopor, and- though thoy- have had, por lieail, nenrly -fifty per ' oont 'more- food suppliod than tlio Norwegians, tlioy oomplain that thoy aro not allowed to run. more heavily into dobt. Having in viow tlio additional difficulty which must result to tho Govornmont'in' ro-couping itself advancoB for passages, Ac.; -mado to tho latter olasB of mon, and tlio fear that a large numbor of- thoin -will morgo into, tho 'loafing' olomoiit , of- the 00m- munity . I dosire to suggest tho desirability; 1 of 011- - oourngiug tlio . Norwogian -anti - discouraging Danish v immigration as far ns possiblo, , and of oxorcising a far more stringent . suporvision over the : .selection of tho , lnttor iminigi'ants, than liavo boeu obtained iu tho case of ; the two shipments already, made. I desire to point out that tho mixed immigra tion of Norwogiaus and Danes is a mistake, iu oonse- quonoo of , the qxistoiieo of a very bittor national fool ing of animosity botweon thorn, which prevents thoir eo-oporaliug in anything, howovcr much it might bo to thoir mutual advantage to work together. New Caledonia.— We. . are iu receipt of papers from Noumea; from the 7 th to the 28tli August. The . Governor had paid an official , visit to the penal station at the Isle of Pines. M. do la Hiehcric anil his staff returned thence to Noumea in tho. Banco on tho-Ith: August. .'About the same time the Surcouf arrived at Noumdn from Frnuce, .with ' passengers nnd merchan dise. The Siircouf wtis 105 days on lidr vo'ynge'frpm Bordeaux to 'Noumea, iiaviug. touched ht St. Heleiin ion her way. An ordiuauop lias been promulgated by the Governor, defining the precise nature and extent, of police regulations aud snrvoillauce wliioh .will be enforced in regard to tho convicts arriving, from France. These regulations are strict, but not unduly severe. ' Every prisoner is to have the same rations as those allowed to a . soldier, except wine, which is only to Ixs granted when earned by the performniice of some allotted task. ' Tlio war ship Vandrcuil' (n: screw steamer of tlio iirst-clnss, 230-liprse power, and 152 men for her crow)' arrived at Noumea 'oh tlio 15th August. The Vandrcuil came from Tahiti; having called on lior way at Lcvukn, in Fiji.' Tlio Vandrcuil . is _ under the command- of Captain Lefevro. The Minister of tho Marine and- of tlic Colonics, has 6cnt a despatch to the Governor desiring to know what; has been tho result of nil endeavor to acclimatise tho JSucatyptve Globulus in Now Caledonia. The minis ter re-pubUshcs an interesting , paper, . written by M. llnmel on .this tree, which appears to be the Tasinn- niau blue gum. 