SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament is summoned to meet for the despatch of business on the 30th of April. Ministers have been favoured with a lengthy and very comfort- able recess, which they appear to be enjoying so thoroughly as to be unwilling to close it before they are positively obliged to do so. The 30th of April is just two months from the close of the financial year, and judging from past experiences, that period will be quite short enough to get over the preliminary business, and so far consider or pass the Esti- mates as to allow the first payments on account of the year 1872-73 to be made at the proper time. The Ministry have been feted at Castlemaine. Mr. Duffy was present and declared his policy. He had announced some time previously that he would do this, and his declared intention had pro- voked some unfavourable criticism, it being contended that the enunciation of a policy which was to be laid before Parliament, prior to the meeting of Par- liament, was not in accordance with that conduct which should charac- terise a Minister of the Crown. No sooner, however, had the speech been delivered than it was found that Mr. Duffy had either been discreetly reticent, or else that, like Canning's Knifegrinder, he had no story to tell. The Chief Secretary made a good speech, as he always does, but it was one which, ander analysation, crumbled to pieces. He said a good deal, but he ad- vanced no policy, he uttered nothing new, and promised no measures which have not been promised by every, Ministry which has existed in Victoria for years past. In fact, he did even something less than this, for upon the education question, and some other topics which command public attention, and must be considered, he was entirely silent. For instance, he had nothing to say about any revision of our present system of taxation. The last Admi- nistration did attempt something in order to make the burden of taxation accord in some measure with tlin in- comes of those who are taxed ; but if Mr. Duffy has disclosed all his policy, then it is evident that his Government are content to take things as they are, and that they do not intend to meddle with any subject likely to prove so un- comfortable or so dangerous. The Chief Secretary spoke, as he was entitled to, in glowing terms of the present condition of the colony and its future prospects. Almost every interest in the colony is in a favourable state. Pastoral proper- ties are worth from 50 to 70 per cent, more than they were two or three years ago. Save where the land is worked out through bad farming, the agri- cultural settlers have, as a rule, been favoured with good harvests, and although trade has been materially interfered with, and manufactures im- peded by our wretched tariff, still a very steady and safe business is being carried on. All, however, that the pre- sent Ministry has had to do with thi_ prosperity is to frame the worst fiscal policy that Victoria has ever been afflicted with. Taken altogether, Mr. Duffy's deliverance was a disappoint- ment. There was nothing in it which his friends could praise, and there was very little for his foes to criticise. Some little excitement has been occasioned during the last few days by the election of a member for the district of Mornington. This district has been represented for many years past by Sir James McCulloch, but that gentle- man resigned his trust prior to his departure for England by the Northum- berland. Three candidates came for- ward for the constituency—Mr. Everard, who was backed by all the in- fluence which the Government could bring to bear, and Messrs. Purves and Keys, who stood as independent mem- bers. The general opinion was that the Government candidate was safe, espe- cially as he was an old politician, and the other interest was divided ; but the polling told a different tale, Mr. Purves being returned by a considerable ma- jority. In our last summary we stated that the Hon. Julius Vogel, Treasurer of New Zealand, was on a visit to this colony for the purpose of inducing the Victorian Government to subsidise a mail service via New Zealand and Cali- fornia. At that time there was small chance of his proposals being ac- ceded to, as he wanted £25,000 per annum for a new branch service. Since then, however, an arrangement has been arrived at upon an entirely different basis. The particulars are not to be divulged until Parliament meets, but it is believed that the American steamers are to make Melbourne the terminus of the line, and that the subsidy will be between £15,000 and £20,000 per annum. This latter sus- picion is, however, by no means certain, as the subsidy may depend upon the postal income. SOCIAL. The month of March has been prolific of incident, but tbe record shows an undue pro- portion of disaster and crime. Amongst the events coming under the former description is the destruction by fire of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, the leading theatre in the Australian colonies; while numerous other fires of lesser magnitude have occurred. The list of offences includes a couple of murders, one of them committed in the Treasury-gardens, under extraordinary cir- cumstances, and several cases of suspected poisoning. One or two unpalatable cases in the civil courts make up a not very pleasant collection of news. With these exceptions, the events of the month have been interesting rather than exciting. We are still without positive information as to when the overland telegraph, which in to bring the Australian colonies into communication with India and Europe, may be expected to be finished. The work of poling and wiring is, however, being pushed on with the utmost expedition on all the sections. Already about 1,200 miles of the line is in working order, and had it not been for the extraordinary amount of rainfall during December, January, and February, the work might possibly have been completed by now. On the 20th inst. an express party started from Tennant's Creek, about 1,100 miles north of Port Augusta, and will bring back intelligence as to the progress of the work on the telegraph line from Port Darwin. Progress is being made with our railways. The North-Eastern line as far as Kilmore is ready for use, and was to have been opened on Easter Monday, but as all the rolling-stock at command will be required on that day for the traffic on the other lines, the event has been deferred. With regard to the new railways authorised by Parliament last session, it has been officially notified that tenders for the works of the first 14 miles, or thereabouts, of the following lines-- namely, Castlemaine to Maryborough and Dunolly, and Ballarat to Ararat-- will be called for on or about the 30th April next. Separate tenders for the 5ft. 3in. and 3ft. 6in. gauges will be taken for each line. Another line, which is to be constructed by private enterprise, is also to be under- taken. Plans and sections of a railway from Portland to Coleraine, with a branch to Hamilton and another to Casterton, have been deposited with the clerk of the Legisla- tive Assembly, the Board of Land and Works, and at the offices of the shires and boroughs interested in the line. The railway is to be constructed on a gauge of 3ft 6in., and is to be worked by rolling-stock on the Fairlie system. It is undertaken by a company, composed entirely of residents in the districts it passes through. The Government intends to give a concession of land to the company, at the rate of one acre for every £2 expended, and a proclamation has been issued reserving from sale land to the extent of 163,392 acres. Mr. Vogel, C.M.G., the representative of the New Zealand Government, and Mr. W. H. Webb, the American steamship proprietor, have, been in Melbourne during the last few weeks and after some negotiation an arrangement has been come to by which the Victorian Government will grant a subsidy towards the maintenance of a mail via San Francisco and New Zealand. A contract has been entered into and signed, but the parti- culars are not to be divulged until the meeting of Parliament. It is known, however,, that the American steamers are to come on direct from .New Zealand to Melbourne, and the subsidy is reported to be between £15,000 and £20,080 per annum, though there is reason to believe that the amount is some- thing very different. In recognition of.the exertions Mr. Webb has made to bring about steam postal communication between the Australian colonies and California, he,was entertained by the Melbourne merchants at a banquet at Scott's Hotel. Mr. Geo. Steven- son, president of the Chamber of Commerce, occupied the chair. Amongst those present was the Minister of Public Works, who, in lepljing to the toast of the Ministry, expressed bis_ confident belief that the arrangements which had been entered into would meet the acceptance of tbo Parliament and the people, because they had been entered into in a friendly spirit and with a sincero and anxious desire to establish the friendliest possible relations not only with New Zealand, but with the United States of America. Mr. Webb, in acknowledging the.toast of his health, de- scribed the various steps which had been taken from timo to time to establish a system of steam and postal communication between tbo two countries, and appeared, from the nature of the remarks which fell from him, to bo fully awaro of the importance of makr ing Melbourne the port of departure for his steamers. Awaiting the arrival of Mr. Gordon, the new engineer-in-chief, the waterworks of the colony remain at a standstill. The temporary repairs to the Malmsbury reservoir have been all but completed, and pipes have been laid in the township of Castlemaine, which can be supplied from local reservoirs, but nothing of greater importance has been attempted. The Ministers, of Mines and Lands recently paid a visit to tbe works at Castlemaine, and found the Expedition Pass reservoir, which is principally relied on to furnish that town with a temporary water supply, in a lather unsatisfactory state. Filter bods seemed to be urgently required, and likewise some means of arresting a wholesale process of silting up. The reticulation of Castlemaine was found to havo been executod with defec- tive pipes, and there was great reason to fear that there had been no previous testing of the smaller pipes. Nothing, however, will bo done to the reservoir until Mr, Gordon has reported upon the works. By local effort, a waterworks scheme has been carried out at Clunes. The enterprise has been managed by a commission, of which Mr. Peter Lalor is the chairman, and the works were opened about a fortnight ago. The scheme consists of a storage reservoir for two hundred million gallons at the head of the Bullarook Creek, 19 miles from the town ; 10 miles lower down a weir, which backs np some two millions and a half of gallons ; an aqueduct one mile and a half long, and a pipe track of six and one-eighth miles. All except the storage reservoir is finished. The capacity of the works is from two to three million gallon per 24 hours. Owing to a disagreement between the borough and the commission, the townspeople do not yet par- ticipate in the benefits of the supply, and water is only laid on to the principal mines. When completed the scheme will cost from £50,000 to £00,000; up to the present it has cost £35,000. Tables giving some additional results of the census of Victoria, 1871, have been issued from the office of the registrar-general. One of them exhibits the birthplaces of the popula lation, and presonts some interesting particu- lars of the composition of the people of Victoria. In 1861 there were in the colony 138,075 persons who had heen bom within its limits, in 1871 these had increased to 329,597 persons, the numerical increase for the 10 years being 191,522. Turning to the part of our population which is British bom, we fiad that at the date of the last census their birth- places were as follow :-England, 164.280 ; Wales, 0.614; Scotland, 66 210; Ireland, 100,468. Of those nationalities the distribu- tion of sexes is somewhat unequal, of the English there being 97,796 males to 06,490 females, while the Irish stand 49,198 males to 51,270 females. Comparing these figures with thoso of 1861 we obtain the curious result that while the English colonists have in the 10 years decreased 5,300, and the Scotch de creased 4,491, the Irish have increased by 13,308. A table giving the numerical particulars of the religions of the people shows that the Episcopalians number 251,328 ; the Presbyterians, 81,832 ; the Free Presby- terians, 20,160 : the Wesleyan Methodists, 80,491; the Independents, 18,174; the Baptists, 16.311 ; and the Roman Catholics, 167,467. There are 17,646 pagans in the colony, and no less than 9,967 persons objected to state their religion from con- scientious scruples. Tbe total population, according to the complete census returns, is 731,528. The Royal Commission!appointed to inquire into the condition of the Industrial and Reformatory Schools and Sanatory Station, has sent in its first report. It condemns the present industrial-school system as not affording sufficient facilities for classification, and also objects to many of the buildings now used as schools as being wholly unsuitable. It suggests the adoption of the cottage and family principle, and the adoption of a number of schools npon that basis in the various districts of the colony. The present Sanatory Station is also condemned as too large and inconvenient, and the board recommends the formation of a new one by convict labour at Portarlington. In accordance with a decision arrived at a month or two ago, tenders have been called for the construction of tho foundations and basement of the new Government-house. A large number were sent in, and that of MeEsrs. Beardoll and Glencross, for £8,719, was accepted. On Saturday, March 23, the annual picnic given to the whole of their employes, with their wives and families, by the proprietors of The Argus and Australasian, took place on the Flemington Racecourse. The affair closely resembled previous occasions of the kind, and was a day of rare enjoyment for the 460 persons who were present. The day was passed in such enjoyment as manly sports, croquet, dancing, and a merry-go round for the children could afford, and an excellent dinner was provided in a long line of pavilions set up for the occasion. The party was carried to and from its destination by special trains. The Russian screw steam corvette Izcumroud (Emerald) arrived in the port on the 14th inst, and has not yet left Victorian waters. Her commander, Captain Michael Conmany, and the other officers, have been entertained by the mayor of Melbourne at the Town-hall at luncheon, the company including several members of the Ministry, members of Parliament, &c.; Mr. Vogel, who was amongst the guests, was called upon to mpond to the toast of "Her Majesty's Ministers in the Neighbouring Colonies." In doing so be took the opportunity of eulogising Victoria for the enterprise she had shown, and predicted o prosperous future for the colony. He also expressed his pleasure at rinding tb_t the people of this colony were disposed to welcome so warmly the arrange- ment which had been made with Kew Zea- land for the purpose of maintaining a mail service with tho United States of America. An interesting analysis of the results of the Melbourne University matriculation examina- tion for February nos been made. This examination occupies in Victoria the place of tbe middle class examination held in Great Britain by the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, holding an intermediate position in point of difficulty between their two examinations for senior and for junior candidates. In style and scope the Melbourne papers correspond nearly to those of the junior examination ; but whereas the ambi- tious junior in England has but to satisfy his examiners in English, arithmetic, and two other subjects, or precisely the requirements of our civil service examination, here the aspirant to enter the University must prove his competence in six subjects at least. The February examination, it may be said, is never a large one, the bulk of the year's candidates presenting themselves in the October term. The number of those who presented themselves was 94. Three of these failed to put in an appearance, and seven others presented cither single subjects or a number below tho four required for the civil service examination. Of the remaining 84, 81 presented the four required for admission to the civil service, viz., English, arithmetic, and two others, and 55 the minimum of six demanded for matriculation. Of these, 23 passed (threo with credit), and 32 failed, while out of the 81 candidates who presented themselves for the civil service examination, 37 passed. During the past year the Acclimatisation Society has been steadily prosecuting its work, and at the annual meeting held on the 11th inst, a very favourable report was presented. A good deal bad been done in the rearing of pheasants, and upwards of 150 guinea fowl had been placed in various secluded spots in foiests far removed from settlements, where, it was confidently hoped, they would increase, and in a few years afford both food and sport. In September lost 2,250 brown trout ova were obtained from the salmon commissioners of Tasmania, and were hatched at the society's establishment at the Royal-park. Some GOO trout fry were olso procured by Dr. Thomas Black, the president of the society, while on u vieit to Tasmania ; sp that on the whole about 2, SOO live trout liad been placed in different streams during tbo past season, a lal ge proportion of which was put into the Watts, a splendid tributary of the Yarra, ad- mirably adapted for trout. Some English perch had also been placed in two fine reser- voirs at Kilmore, and a number of carp had been distributed. Not many deer had been turned out daring the past year, but those hitherto liberated in many parts of the colony were spreading and increasing rapidly. It was mentioned by Mr. Samuel Wilson, for instance, that in the Wimmera district one herd of axis deer bad been seen at a distance of about 30 miles to the south of his station, and another herd 30 miles away in a contrary direction, so that it might be considered they were now spread over an aroa of at least GO miles. The valuable flock of angora goats, and the ostriches belonging to the society, were located at Mr. Samuel Wilson's station, Longerenong, on the Wim- mera, where they were thriving and morona ing. Although most anxious to encourago and promote sericulture, the society found it difficult to advance this industry in a really practical manner, so as to be of benefit to the colony. This was the principal disappoint- ment experienced by the society ; and it was mentioned tbat, notwithstanding the Game Act, it was found very difficult to preserve the pheasants, hores, and other game from the depredations of unscrupulous and un- sportsmanlike persons. In order that the public may be induced to take a greater interest in the society, it has been deter- mined to increase the the zoological ele- ment The council "proposo, in the first instance, to form as complote a collection as possible of the fauna of Australasia, and hereafter, when in a position to do so, to add to it those of other countries." This scheme, if well carried out, will, of course, enhance considerably the popularity of the society. The report having beon adopted, Dr. Thomas Black was re-elected as president, and Pro- fessor M'Coy and Baron von Mueller as vice presidents, of the society. Thanks were voted for his past services to Dr. Pugh, who was about leaving the colony for Europe, and in acknowledging the vote Dr, Pugh assured the members that when he arrived in Europe ho would do all in his power to further the objects of tbo society. It may be mentioned in connexion with acclimatisation, that by the s.s. Northumberland there arrived a consignment of 3G English robins, the survivors of 48 which were sent hy Mr. Edward Wilson for the society. They, Love been placed in the aviary at the Boyal paik, whero they are thriving well. A fine specimen of the English brown trout, weighing 7¿)b., has been caught. When placed, three years ago, in the stream from which it was taken, it was IA in. in length. It was hooked by Judge Skinner, but the Acclimatisation Society declined to disclose the locality of the capture. The annual meeting of the Boyal Society of Victoria was held on the 11th inst. Regret was expressed in the report that, from the withdrawal of the Government subsidy of £100, the society was still unablo to resume the publication of the transactions, and thereby make some return for the publica- tions received from kindred learned societies. The proceedings had not, however, beon wanting in interest, nor had the reputation of the society been allowed to suffer. Tho monthly meetings had been fully occupied with papers, and the successful organisation of the Eclipse expedition had contributed to maintain the reputation of the society abroad, and thus afforded ground for satis- faction, although the actual results to science in general were of the smallest, The roll of members numbered 130. Sir James M 'Culloch's departure from tho colony has prompted his friends to organise a testimonial in his favour. When his deter- mination to pay a visit to the mother country became known, about40 gentlemen-amongst whom were the mayor of Melbourne, the Hon. J. G. Francis, the Hon. J. A. Macpher- son, Mr. Geo. Higinbotham, Mr. C. E. Bright, and several of tbo leading merchants of the city-met together and resolved to present the late Premier with a servico of plate prior to bis departure. Those present formed them selves into a committee to carry out the object of the meeting, and it was agreed to limit the subscription to £5 each. It was, however, found impracticable to get up the testimonial in time for presentation to Sir James before his departure, and some other opportunity will be taken of carrying out the intentions of the subscribers. The s.s. Northumberland left the Sandridgo pier on the 25th inst., for London, via the Cape of Good Hope, with a fall passenger list. AmongBt those on board were Sir James and Lady M'Culloch, who were taken leave of by a large number of friends. Other pas- sengers had friends to bid them good-bye, and there has rarely been such a gathering on board an outward-bound (>hip in Hobson'-* Bay. The decks were crowded, the friends of the departing colonists mustering to the number of nearly 1,000. In addition to the Theatro Royal catas- trophe, which is described elsewhere, several other fires of a more or less destructive character have occurred. Two doys after the burning of the theatre the Victoria Rope works, situated on the southern bank of the Yarra, just below Prince's-bridge, took fire, and in less than half an hour the building, materials, and machinery wero totally con- sumed. The value of the place was £12,300, and tbe insurances only amounted to £4,000. Tbe proprietors are Messrs. James Miller and Alexander Gray (the latter of .Geelong). Sixty men and boys were employed in the establish- ment, which was turning out £150 worth of rope per day. Fortunately the proprietors had a quantity of raw material stored elsewhere, and as the machinery can be replaced, it is expected that operations will be resumed in a few weeks. In the meantime efforts are being made by some of the inhabitants of Emerald-hill to raise funds for the relief of the employés who havo been temporarily thrown out of work. On the 9th inst. the saw-mills of Messrs. J. S. Lee and Co., in Victoria-street, Hotham, wero burnt down, together with a shop and two cottages adjoining. The loss sustained by the pro pnttors of the eaw-mills was £4,000, less £2,300, the amount for which the propertj was insured. In Wellington street, East Collingwood, a fire broke out, whioh destroyed the shops of F. Samuel, hay and corn dealer ; F. Samuel, sen., dairyman ; and E. Hum nor, boot Dud shoemaker. Several other buildings were more or less damaged, the total loss being estimated nt about £800. Incendiarism was the cause of a fire in Hodgson-street, Fitzroy, which destroyed several small dwelling houses, and an inquiry into the matter by the coroner resulted in the committal of a man named Patrick J. Dowling, who was on bad terms with his brother-in-law, and is believed to have set fire to his relative's premises. At Chiltern a fired occurred, completely destroy- ing five houses and injuring otho» ; and at Kew a draper named Gardiner was burnt out, with the total loss of his stock, valued at £2,000. # Finally, there has been a destructive fire, believed to be the work of on incendiary on the station of Mr. John Winter, at Col- binabbin, who suffered loss to the extent of £3,000. An encouraging view of the prospects of art in Victoria is afforded by the character of the second annual exhibition of the Victorian Academy of Arts, which was opened in Melbourne on the 15th inst. Upwards of 170 exhibits were- sent in by CO exhibitors, and the display was a great improvement upon its predecessor. There wero many more good pictures, and a smaller number of crude essays, than on the former occasion. Our best known artists were well represented, and there were others whose names are at present unfamiliar to the Victorian public, bat who promise to achieve a good position as land- scape-painters, for in this direction the inclination of most of our painters tend. Among those who are coming to the front, or who may be expected to do so heroaf ter, are Mrc. Parsons, Mr. E. W. Cook, Mr. A. C Cooke, Mr. Curtis, Mr. Ford, Mr. H. J Johnstone, Mr. J. T. Richardson, Mr. C WhiM-bead, and Mr. A. Webb. Others already known to fame were exhibitors, and amongst tbem Messrs, E, von Guerard, Buvdot, Gully, and Robertson. The exhi- bition, which will remain open about two months, has been well attended. Considerable regret has been occasioned by the death of Mr. M. F. Macoboy, judge of the County Court and Court of Mines, Sandhurst. Mr. Macoboy was about 62 years of age, and was one of the earliest appointed County Court judges. He was the son of a merchant carrying on business in Cork, Ireland, was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, and was called to the Irish bar in Trinity term, 1842. He came to this colony in 1855 and soon afterwards commenced practice. In 1858 the number of County Court judges was increased from three to eight, and one of the appoint- ments was conferred on Mr. Macoboy. He was stationed at first at Maryborough ; but in 1867, very much against his will, he was transferred to Sandhurst, where the business was more important. Mr. J. H. Dunne, Crown prosecutor for the Melbourne district, has been appointed as Judge Macoboy's suc- cessor. In the obituary of the month occurs also the name of Captain James Lawrance, auctioneer, shipping and commission agent, of Lloyd's looms, who has for many years been universally known and liked iu tho mercantile and shipping circles of Melbourne. It is now about 20 years since Captain Lawrance came to this colony as owner and master of the steamer Ada. He subsequently owned other vessels in succession, and some years ago he commenced the business at Lloyd's rooms, which he carried on until just before his death, and during the last 12 months he was also lessee of the Government patent slip at Williamstown. Captain Lawrance leaves a widow and seven young children. He was but 48 years of age at the time of his death. On the morning of the 22nd inst. Mr. James Daly, police magistrate and warden at Wood's Point, was found dead in his bed. He died of exhaustion caused by a severe attack of dysentery. Tenders have been accepted for the erection of tbo new hall and other improvements for the Melbourne Mechanics' Institution, and tbe woik will be entered upon without delay The successful tenderers are Messrs. Turnbull and Dick. The contract price is £6,200, and the time within wbich tho work is to be com- pleted, six months. Additional instances have been furnished showing the value of Professor Halford'« remedy for snake-bite. At Mr. Mitchell's station, Dalry, on the Woudiyalloack, a man named Edward Reynolds was bitten on the little finger of the left hand by a black snake, and as no immediate medical assistance could be obtained, the usual bush treatment was resorted to of tying a ligature tight round the wrist, and freely cauterising the wound. He was then taken to Lillydale, a distance of 15 miles, and by the time the doctor could see him he was in a profound coma, and at first the medical man had very small hopes of his recovery. He immediately injected a solution of ammonia into one of the veins of the right arm, with almost miraculous effect. In two minutes his patient showed unmistakable signs of relief, and after an interval of about the same time, consciousness returned, and he was able to walk about as usual. The following day he rode back to the station, and seemed quite recovered. The Hamilton Spectator also publishes a detailed statement ot the successful treatment of a girl by means of Professor Halford's remedy, and a similar cote in which this mode of treatment was equally beneficial is reported in the Majorca Independent as having occurred at Caris- brook. An interesting discovery has lately been made, which throws some light upon tho course and rapidity of the great ocean currents circulating between the continent of South America and the western coast of Australia. The figure-head of a large ship was picked up some time ago at tho little island of Rottnest, near Fremantle,Western Australia, and has since been identified as having belonged to the Blue Jacket-a wool ship which was lost between the Falkland Islands and Cape Horn, on her voyage from New Zealand to England. Tho Blue Jacketwas burned on the 9th of March, 1869, in about 53deg. south I at., and 60deg. west long., and the distance from that point to Rottnest Island is therefore over 0,000 miles. The time occupied in traversing this distance was about two years and a half, giving a mean rate of about six miles and a half a day. An extraordinary tragedy has been enacted in the gardens belonging to the Treasury building. One afternoon, at about a quarter past 4 o'clock, the loud report of firearms was heai d in the lower part of the grounds, and immediately afterwards two mon were found reclining under a clump of willows. One was dying : the other, on his back, smoking a cigar. The man who was dying was lying on his back, his hands behind his head, and one leg thrown lightly over the other. One of the gardeners, who had run up to the spot on heating the report, shook nim by the hand, and said, "Who shot yon?" No answer came from him. He had been shot in the left breast, near the heart His clothes were tom and smouldering. He gave a gasp or two and died in a few minutes. By this time others bad arrived on the scone, and the living man was asked why he bad shot his companion. Ho replied. "He shot himself. We both came here to die. All will bo explained yet" A pistol was found on the ground between the two men loaded to the muzzle, capped, and cocked The living man (whose name turned out to be Feeney) raised himself on one elbow, and said, " There were two pistols-there mast be another one somowhore." As Feeney looked about Thompson, one of the bystanders, followed the direction of his eyes, and then caught sight of another fireaim in the watercourse at Feeney's feet, on the Bido furthest from the dying man. They were horse-pistols, both alike ; but the second one, when picked up, was empty ; in fact seemed to have just been fired. The muzzle was widened out, and a piece 2in. long was gone. The lock was shattered. When Feeney was examined, tho missing piece was discovered inside his'coat, near the arm-pit ¡ and there was a hole in the cloth, through which the fragment had been driven. From tie particulars which were afterwards gathered, it appeared that the two mon, Edward Feeney and Challes Marks, between whom there subsisted a sin gular intimacy, had for some time contemplated mutual destruc- tion, and had gone into tho Treasury-gardens with the intention of dying together. Tlmj had been drinking together for some time previously, and the minds of both op peared to be affected. Amongst the strange things done by them was to visit, a çhoto . gropher's in Bourke-street, and havo a picture taken representing them standing together, each with a pistol pointed to the other's breast. Feeney, it also transpired, had at- tempted to commit suicide a few weeks previously by swallowing chloroform. How it was that Feeney escaped death, while his companion suffered, is not clearly made out, but a coroner's jury declared Feeney to be pi! ty of the wilful murder of Marks, and he has bien committed for trial. At Daylesford, great excitement has been caused by the cold-blooded murder of an old resident named Henry Pensom. He was missed one night, and early the next morning his body was found in the deserted shaft of the Fountain Head Gold-mining Company, resting on a wooden centre-piece about 12ft. from the surface. The unfortunate man had evidently been killed by a fearful blow with a blunt instrument behind the left ear, and then thrown into the excavation. In falling the legs had crossed the centreing, and so held him up. But for this circumstance the corpse would have descended to the bottom, and as the hole is 360ft. deep, and the place unfrequented, the probability is that the fate of the murdered man would have remained a mystery. Suspicion having pointed to a cousin of deceased, named James Wilkie, who arrived from the old country about nine months ago, he was arrested. At the inquest held on the body strong circumstantial evi- dence was brought against him, and he was committed for trial on a charge of wilful murder. Three cases of suspected poisoning have been under investigation. A gardener named Frederick Davis, living at Elstern- wick, has accused his wife of attempting to take his life by administering strychnine to him, her object being, it is alleged, to get rid of her husband in order to make room for another man. She had been in communication with a labourer named Henry Street, and he is cb urged with being an accomplice in the attempt» d crime. According to the evidence brought forward at the Brighton Police Court, Davis experienced symptoms of poisoning by strychnine after taking some medicine handed to bim by his wife, and on an analysis being mode of the contents of several of the bottles in the house, the existence of the poison in considerable quantity was proved. The strychnine was, however, i in a crystal- lised and insoluble state, so that it could not mingle with the medicine. To this circumstance it seems probable that the man ones his life. Both prisoners have been committed for trial. At Albury, a man named Carl Ebel baa been sent for trial for attc-uipting to commit- murdor by similar means. The prisoner under- took to convey to a neighbour two calions of wine, He delivered if, and the wife and mother-in-law of the purchaser became iu continently ill, and exhibited all the symptoms of strychnine poisoning. It was adduced in evidence that the accused had strychnine in bis possession, and that the same poiso- ac.ua drug was subsequently detected in the wine. Tho most painful incident of all was that a child of the accused was called to give evidence which implicated her father. In the third case a young woman named Mary Toohey, living at Melton, near Sunbury, is accused of causing the death of her illegitimate child, by administering to it a poisonous dose of corrosive sublimate. There is evidence to show that a cruel murder has been perpetrated by some one, and the pri- soner, who had charge of the child at the time of its illness and death, has been com- mitted for trial. A medical scandal, which has been floating about for more than a year, was disposed of at the last nisi prius sittings of the Supreme Court. Mr. J. Blair, of Collins-street, a medical practitioner of some standing, was sued hy Mr. W. Clarson, a printer and publisher, for damages, estimated at £2,000, on account of various assaults committed on his wife. It was alleged by Mrs. Clarson, a woman 45 years of age, that the defend- ant, who was her medical adviser, had behaved improperly to her on three occasions when she had gone to his house to receive ad- vice. These assaults, or "aggressions," as Mrs. Clarson called them, were commenced nearly four years ago, and instead of com- plaining of them she had continued to go to the defendant for medical advice at his own house. The defendant denied point blank the accusations brought against him, and called evi- dence to show that so far from being the aggres- sor, he had been persecuted with the amorous attentions of Mrs. Clarson for years, but had repulsed them. She made no complaint against him until his marriage took place, when she laid her supposed grievances before her husband, who then instituted an action against the defendant. The case occupied three or four days in the hearing, and there was but one opinion expressed regarding it. The jury almost immediately returned a verdict for the defendant on all the counts. A serious charge of cruelty to a child hired from the Industrial School has been made against the Rev. T. Abraham and his wife. Mr. Abraham is a Church of England minister, stationed at Mornington, but residing tempo- rarily at Emerald-hill, where the charge has been partly investigated by tbe magistrates. The girl asserts that she has been grossly illtreated and severely beaten by her em- ployers, and when brought back to the Industrial School she was examined by the medical officer and found to be covered with bruises of a very severe character. A ferocious attempt at wife murder has been made at Sandridge-, by a labourer named Job Johnson, who afterwards tried unsuccess- fully to cut his own throat A dispute having occurred between the cou pi o. Johnson took out a knife and stabbed his wife half-a dozen times about the chest and neck. The wounds were so serious that the woman lost conscious- ness, and had to be removed to tho hospital, where she was obliged to remain for many dujB. Johnson has since bein brought before the Sandridge magistrates, and committed for trial. _ TEE POLITICAL SITUATION. It in settled that Parliament shall be called together on the 30th April next, and that fact, together with a lengthy speech by Mr. Duffy at Castlemaine, and some election agitation, have served during the lost month to slightly disturb the previously calm surface of political affairs. The election affair is perhaps the most portentous of the three. Three weeks since Sir James M'Culloch resigned his Beat for Mornington, alleging as his reason for so doing his intention to leave the colony in a short time for the purpose of visiting Europe. He has in fact already sailed for England in the s.s. Northumberland. The immediate consequence of this announcement was a rush of candidates, including Mr. Everard, late member for Collingwood, and who was defeated at Rod- ney at the last general election ; Mr. J. L. Purves, a young barrister, born in the district he sought to represent, and a few others not worth present mention. The contest excited interest because Mr. Everard was the Minis- terial candidate, while his opponent took the other side in Victorian politics. The result was the election of Mr. Purves by a considerable majority, although his chances were much injured by another non-Ministerial candidate. When the seat was first declared vacant, Mr. Higinbotbam was mentioned as a probable candidate, and there was actually a movement in his support among the Constitutional party. He declined to come forward, however, and the Constitutionalists who moved in his favour were strongly condemned, on the ground that his avowed political proclivities were inimical to constitutional government. During tbo month the Government have concluded an agreement with the Hon. Julius Vogel, C.M.G., Treasurer of New Zealand, who bas visited Victoria in order to obtain a subsidy to Webb's line of ocean steamers now under contract to the New Zealand Govern- ment, and performing an ocean mail service between that colony and San Francisco. Ho was accompanied by Mr. Webb himself, and both had a series of interviews with Mr. Duffy, who from tho first laid it down definitely that no line would bo acceptable which did not provide for the terminus being at Melbourne. Upon this basis tho negotiation proceeded, and the parties having agreed together, signed n mutual contract pledging the colonies they represented to terms which are to bo kept secret until Parliament meets. Of course this agreement, to be permanently binding, requires the sanction of Parliament, but Mr. Webb regards the transaction as so complete that he has already returned to America with the view of getting another subsidy from his own Government at Washington. Mr. Vogel was much feted during his stay in Melbourne. It has been stated on behalf of the Government that this new mail line will help to "mako Melbourne the entrepôt of trade and the metropolis of tho Southern Pacific," and in that direction the Government have also taken another important step. Early in the year the Com- missioner of Customs (Mr. Vale) promulgated a series of drawback regulations, with the professed object of enabling intercolonial trade in the face of the present protectionist tariff ; but his attempt proved an utter failure. " The regulations were, in fact, utterly unsuited to their purpose. Since then, however, the hon. Commissioner has listened to the urgent remonstrances of the commercial community, and accepting the suggestions mado to him, has produced a fresh set of drawbacks regulations, wbich have been substituted for the others. The new regulations appear in their place elsewhere, and have been received as a first instalment of acceptable legislation in this direction. But the leading political event of the month has been Mr. Duffy's speech at Castlemaine, where be and his colleagues wore entertained atone ofthoseMinisterialbanquetsof which wo have had so much to say in recent summaries. In reply to the health of "Her Majesty's Ministers in Victoria," Mr. Duffy spoke, and his utterance lasted an hour and a half, during which bo touched upon a vast number of subjects. He was there, he said, to declaro the future policy of the present Ministry, and in so doing he would not recite a long cata- logue of bills, but rather indicate the spirit and purpose with which certain loading sub- jects would bo treated. Glancing at the present condition of the country as compared with other British colonies, ho described Victoria as only exceeded in population by the Dominion of Canada, and not even remotely approached hy any other colony in the matter of public revenue, imports, or exports. Her revenue was, in fact, nearly as great as that of all the other Australian colonies united. Moreover, the deposits in the savings bonks exceeded £1,000,000, and the assets of building societies £1,500,000. Eveiy interest was now moro prosperous than for 10 years past, the country was flourishing exceedingly, and the population was rapidly becoming settled, with fixed pur- suits and residences. It was as orderly and well-conditioned as in any part of the empire, and what could the Government do to promoto the prosperity of the people beyond removing impediments out of its path ? Mr. Duffy then proceeded to describo what the Government would do. They would reduce the rent on mining leases from £1 to 10s. per acre; bring into Parliament a Mining on Private Property Bill ; provide liberal rewards to successiul goldfields prospectors ; take steps (so soon as Mr. Gordon, the new Government hydraulic engineer, recom- mended by tho Indian Government, 'had arrived) to complete the great water supply works of the country by means of joint action by local bodies as wc'l as the state ; und also tndeavour to prevent mining accidents. On behalf of the farmers they would oudeavour to promote more and more sett'ement on the lands, and from the beginning of July 1st next the sale of country lands by auc- tion would cease, and they would be reserved for selection and settlement. Further, the Government would appoint an inspector of settlement, who would hold courts of inquiry, hear complaints, and in other ways remove tho obstacles which still stood between a poor man and the land, while all district survej-ors would be required to send in quarterly reports of the progress of settlement A " Ministry of Agriculture" would also bo appointed, and the Botanic gardens placed under its direction, and the Fincho, g and Impounding Bilis of lost session would be reintroduced. Mr. Duffy next dwelt on the "enormous increaso in the rate of settlement" which had followed the reforms initiated hy the present Uovornment, and depicted in glowing language tho happy further consequences wbich would follow therefrom. Such results would, he continued to say, be largely increased when the new mail services wbich tbe Government desired to establish made Melbourne the terminus of communication with Europe, India, and America, and opened up fresh markets for Victorian wheat, wino, beer, brandy, and the fabrics and implements which wo wero now oble to supply. The Suez mail route bad hitherto boen obtained at too high a rate, and the Government pro- posed to get the contract ronowed on moro favourable terms, or enable a Melbourne company to carry the mails to and from Point de Galle. As for the Cape route, the Govern- ment had recently received substantial pro- posals, which for the first time made it piacticable to offer it to Parliament as a third mail service. As to railways they intended to ask Parliament once more to sanction the black line from Geelong to Colac en route to Hamilton, and also a number of additional lines. They had abandoned the idea that the Gipps Land Railway would be constructed by a private company, concluding that the wisest policy would be to take the project into the hands of the Government. In financial matters the threatened deficit of £150,000 had disappeared, and the financial year would close with a liberal surplus. Mr. Duffy stated, in conclusion, that preliminary steps had been taken to enable the profit- able employment of prison labour and the training of the children of industrial schools in new industries, to facilitate the admis- sion of Chinese to the rights of citizen- ship, to revise the laws relating to the administration of justice in the minor courts, to protect and encourage the fishing trade, to increase state aid to local bodies, to erect necessary public buildings, and adorn public parks, and lastly to revise the electoral system. This speech has been much criticised throughout the country, the leading cause for disapproval appearing to be that Mr. Duffy has almost directly claimed the results of his predecessor's administration and policy as tho outcome of his own. The banquet ended as such entertainments usually do. There is, fortunately, but one moro of tbo kind-that at Maryborough-to come off before Parliament meets, and the work of legislation actually begins. One matter has to ho' alluded to, and thon our political budget ends. The border duties question is not quito settled yet. Tho Now South Walos general election is now nearly over, and though Sir James Martin's Ministry is so thoroughly beaten that threo of his col- leagues are still without seats, and Opposition members are presumably in a large majority, yet thero are influences at work which malte a further struggle just possible. Sir James Martin professes to be enabled to produce figures wbich amply support his estimate of the amount which Victoria is entitled to pay in composition for the bordor duties, and ho hopes, moreover, to gain something by con- verting neutrals into supporters. This last course is tendered easior by the fact tbat in the lator elections the Bordor duties question was left out of sight altogether. The elections aro, however, not over, and the Opposition appear to still regard as certain the total defeat of the Ministry when it meets Par- liament NEW DRAWBACKS REGULATIONS. During tho month an entiroly new sot of drawbacks regulations havo rcplacod tho arrangement adopted by tho Government in February last, which gave such intense dissa- tisfaction to tho commercial community, The chango (which has been favourably criticised was effected at the instance of a deputation of sof (goods warehousemen, who, hoadod by Mr. F. J. Sargood (of Sargood, Son, and Co.) waited on the Commissioner of Trade and Cus toms (Mr. Vale), and explained at length what was really required in the way of drawbacks in order to secure the intercolonial trade. Mr Vale acknowledged the justice of their ropro sentations, and promised to rectify matters by concessions in the direction they indicated. These last have since taken the shape of revised regulations, which have boen duly gazetted, the former regulations being re- voked. It is to be observed that the now law relates to Victorian ports on tho Murray as well OB the seaboard. The following is what appeared in tho Government Gazette on tho 11th inst.. and carno into legal effect tho following day : DBAWBACKS KE0ÎJLATI0NS, 1872. Act 36 Viet, No. 413. 1\. A drawback of duty paid on importation moy be paid on tbe exportation of tho goods mentioned in Schedule I., hereunto attached, and at the rate respectively spocified against any item exported. 2\. In order to entitle tho exporter to claim any such drawback be shall comply with the following conditions : (a. J A notice must be given to the collector of Customs at the port of export at least two working hours beforo of tho intention to pack. (bj The usual export entry must be passed (or if desired such may be deposited with the propor officer beforo tho vessel by which the goods will eventually be shipped has been entered out, the name of the ship being subsequently filled in prior to shipment of the poods), accompanied by invoices distinguish« IDE Goods-Free Goods-Liable tolO percont. onimportation Goods-Liable to ?0 per cent, onimportation Goods-Liable to o fixed roto on importation Goods-Clothing, &&. manufactured in Vic- toria [from material liable to duty], sotting forth legibly in respect to each specific class of articles tho actual cost price received, or to be received, from the purchaser of tho poods. The entry having beon passed or deposited, and invoices in duplicato having been stamped, an officer of Customs wiu attend, before whom the following declaration must be made and subscribed by the exporter, or if by a firm, by a member thereof : "I, , do hereby doclare that I am tho exporter of tho goods men- tioned in this entry and tbe invoice dated and signed by me ; that the values therein given represont the true price paid to me or to be paid on tho following terms , without any discount, rebate, or other allowance, by , the purchasor therof, trading at , in the colony or port of , under the style and title of ; and I further declare that thoso goods wero properly cleared at the Customs, and duty paid on importation, and that nono of tho said goods wore tbe produce of or manufactured in Victoria, excopt as specified in the said invoice." If the goods aro liable to a fixed rate of duty tho invoice should show whether the goods are in original packages or not, the declara- tion being as follows : "I, , do hereby declaro that I am the exporter of the goods mentionod in this entry and tho invoice dated and signed by mo ; that tho quantities therein given are correct, and the values represent the true price paid to me, or to bo paid on the following terms , without any discount, rebato, or other allowance, by , tho purchaser thereof, trading at , in the colony or port of , under the style and title of ; and I fuither declare that these goods were properly cleared at the Customs, and duty paid on importation, and are in their original pack- ages,-and that nono of the said goods were the pioduco of or manufactured in Victoria, except as specified in tho said invoice." If tbe goods are not in their original packages, the goods will bo Eubjcct to tho inspection specified in clause 6, but in any case the weights or quantities must be checked. (e.) Every facility, and especially any do sind facilit3', must bo given to the officer to superintend tho packing of these goods, and take a correct account according to such intoice. (d.) Upon the completion of the packing the goods must be secured and sealed by the ( Ulcers of Customs, and despatched in charge of a carrier duly licensed under the Customs lawB into the Customs shed, and delivered to the custody of tho export officer for shipment ; or if not so forthwith removed they must bo placed under tho lock of the Crown uutil removal. (e. ) No claim for drawback of duty will be entertained unless tbe debenture be rendered duly completed according to tho form here- unto annexed, marked B or C, as the case may be, unless otherwise authorised by tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs. 3\. The collector of Customs at the port of export, on the receipt of tho drawback de- benture duly completed, will cause it to be pxniuintd and passed for pnymoufc with all convenient despatch. " , 4\. Mo drawback will bo paid unless the debenture bo tondered, duly completed, within four months from the date of the exportation of the goods mentioned thorein to any of the Australasian colonies including New Zealand, or within eight months, if exported to tho United Kingdom or other distant country, 5\. No drawback will bo paid unless a charge of Is. Cd. per hour daring tho time of an officor being omployed undor these regula- tions, or other expense incurred, as cortified by the landing surveyor, shall havo been paid. G. No drawback will bo payable on goods except on packages ro-packed in tho prosenco of, or inspected by, an officor of Customs, who will in the latter caso causo such to be examined, as may be directed by the landing surveyor, and certify on the entry that such has been dono, specifying whother the quan- tities, values, weights, &c;, as the case may be, wore correct or not on such examination. 7\. The persons beforo whom declarations under these regulations shall be made in Victoria shall bo a justice of the peace of the said colony, or an officer of Customs. Tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs is also hereby empowerod to cause any debenturo to bo passed for payment, though not strictly in accordance with tho forms required by theso regulations. 8\. At each port on tbe River Murray the coast-waiter in chargo will attend at his office on such day and at such hour as may ho directed by public notico from the Commis- sioner of Tiado and Customs, to pass such goods for drawback in respect to which ho may havo received notice on the previous day, in which case no charge will be made for the officer's attendance. 0\. Claims for drawback undor Clause 8 must be roado to the collector of Customs, at Melbourno, who will pay them at tho Custom bouse, or remit the money to claimant, less the cost of remittance. 10\. Should any fraud or attempt at fraud bo committed by any exporter of any goods entered for drawback under those regulations, or by any employé of any such exportor, it shall be compotent for any oilicer of Customs to detain any goods specified in any such entry, and report the matter to the collector of Customs, who will thereupon inquire into the matter ; and if sufficient grounds appear for any suspicion of fraud or over-valuation, such shall be reported to the Commissioner of Customs, wbo is hereby empowered to inqniro into and decide such imputation in such manner as ho shall deem tho necessities or justice of tho case demand, either by the for- feiture of the wholo of tbo goods mentioned in any such entry, or such portion thoreof OB be sholl think fit, or by tho imposition of a penalty not exceeding £100, and any such decision shall be final and without appoal. SCHEDULE I. ARTICLES ON WHICH DRAWBACKS WILL BE ALLOWBD. AlmoodB (Jordan)- 2d. por lb. Arrow tool (In paokagco as Imported)-2d. per lb. Blue-2d. |ior lb. Bottled Irulta (in original package«) -2d. per lb, Cand!CB (In original boxot)-2d. por lb. Cu> rants-2d pur lb. Muire and oom flour (In original boxCB)-21. por lb. Msi«tn*i (in original boxea)-21. por-ib. Muatard-2d por lb. Kuts-2d. nor lb. Bain Ins-2d. per lb. Sardine« and proaorved Uah, In tina-2d. per lb. Starch (ol known brands, In original paokaget)-2d. per lb. Vermicelli-2d. per lb. Cement-Od. porewt. Cc0ee, In tbe berry-Sd. por lb. Oonfeotlonory, &0.-Sa. per owt. Herring« and wlmon, ling and cod-Es. per owt. Hops, BJ. per lb. Iron, galvantsid- SOi. por ton. Galvanliod buoketa and tub«, --pouting-, and Rutter log-SO«, por Ion. Iron wiro, Koa 1 to 0-20«. por Ion. OH«, In bulk, Habla to duty-Cd. por Kallon. Faddy-2a per 1001b. Faint« (wet and dry)-.Í0a. por ton. Powder (If »lilpped direct frcmbulk or migazln«)! Bportlng- 8d. por lb ; Wanting-Id. per lb. Bice-3«. per 1001b. ..... Soda cr yal ola (In original paokigoa)-40». per ton. Slate a. tin to 18ln. x 10!D.-l61, por 1,000. Slate«, all ot largor »lio-25H. per 1,000. Sbet-ld per lb, Sugar and molaeieo-S«. per cwt. Busar candy-8«. per cwt. Tea- 8d. per lb T rnber (denla drossed)-la Od. per 100 tqutre feet. Timber, undrottod- Öd. per 100 iquare feet. Tarnltb (In original packages, ol known brand») 2a. per gal AU-ated and mineral waters (In original packagei,ot known branda)- 5 per cent. Appaicl, lion», and articles made up, and »rtlo'ea made In Victoria, not mainly made of materltl mutt facture d In Victoria, or of material free of duty-6 j er cent. Appan), »lop«, and artloloi ot drop«, bonnet«, o«*-«, and bali, expoited aa imported, and upon wbloli a e til y t f 20 per conl uro baa been paid-10 por cent. Boot» and tbcet- (of known foreign manufacture)-10 rxr cent. I ruahw«ie(nl known br»nda)-10 per cent. Carpeting ted di uggetlig-«i percent. Carriages and carta (on proof ol duty Juwin ; boen paid)-10 per cent. China and porcelain-5 per cent Combs-6 per cent Drags (in original packages)-6 per cent, Dutch metal and tinfoil-5 per cent Earthenware (not being brown wore)-10 par con'.. Fancy gooda-6 per cent. Furniture (on proof of duty haying bein pild) -;o per cent. Fuee and gun cotton, &c; -10 per cent FUBO manufactured In VIotorio ef material« wh'eh hove paid duty-Od per dozen colls, of 25ft. In each. Glassware (not being bottles)-10 por cent Gloss-6 per cent Gloves- 6J per cont Gold and silver leaf-5 percent. Hardware-0} per cent Hosiery-0} per Mut Machinery (not otherwise enumerated), agricultural implements, boilers (land and marine), and manufac- ture) of motáis, os under, viz. :- ' Air gratings, anvils, ash pans, axle block«, oxlo i i boxes, rulos (buggy, carriage, cart, moll, or i waggon), barrow wheels, bodstoods, bells, blank nuts, boat hooks, bolts and nuts bolt ends, bolt rings, bottle j loka (lifting), branch pipos (cepper), brass cooks, valves, and whistles, brazed copper pipes, brazed wrought iron pipes, bridle and coot hooke, coko rollers, camp ovens and three-leg pota, cost Iron flanged pipos, cast iron spigot and faucet pipes, knees and elbows, cost Iron tonks, cost ateol drills, caulking irons, chains (not being chain cables for thlps' use) cheat handles, cisterns (wrought lrou), dooks (Iron), cowell sorewa, con donsora (tor gasworks, salt water, and steam engines), cork »queezers, cramps (wrought iron), crowbars, curling irons, dampers and frames, diving apparatus, door knockors, door portera, door BcroperB, drain gratea ond fromes, drain gratlngb, dumb bell«, eccentrics for buggiss, on glno casttnga, tenders, ferrules (wrought Iron), fire dogs, fire guards, fittings for pumps, engines. and machinery, flowo. stands, forgo back, funnel , pipes, garden rollers, gordon Beats, gasometers, gas tongs, glider» (Iron), grates, grindstone Bplndles gun metal »loam engine fittings moulded, gutters and piping (black), hasps and staples, hot and coot booka (catt iron) hot nanas, hoy rakes, holdfasts, i hook end e\o bli goa, hone power gear, horse rakes, horseshoe], hydraulic, moins, Ironwork for woggonB, ear,lagis,cartu,and buggies;kottlea and Í»reserving pana (copper) kitchen rangea, ladles, amp pontn, letters and fleures (wrought iron or ' steel) levers (f.irged), Unka (concocting or split), lifts (warehimt.ii), lightning conductors, manger rlngB, mangli a, moline engine cranks and pillara, carline eptkee, measure! (iron), monkeys for pile driving, ornamental gratings, pointed and brasa caeos for engines ; pepper, malt, bean, and oat milla; picks and mattocka, pincera, pipes (wrought Iron, not otheiwlae enumerated) pfyers portable torsos, pulley blocks, pumps, piokB and mattocks, quoits, railway chairs, rakes, rango cocks, ringa ond start!, rivets (Iron), rodsfconneot ing) Back trunks, sod irons safes and boxea (iron) eash weights, shstting(bright wrought iron) sluice valves (Iron), springs and »crolls (cart, carriage, and buggy), stands (Iron), stationary or portable engines or parta ol them, stench trapa, strap hinges, snitching bills, troughB, truck wboels, tue-irons (cast and water), union joints vycos, washers (black), water tankB, wheelbarrows (wrought iron), whools (wrought Iron), wmeboa utter euch proof boa been given as may bo required that duty at 20 per cent, hod boon paid thereon 10 per cent, ad valorem. Manufactured etatlonery on which 20 per cant, has 11 been paid-10 per cent. I Matches and vostas-6 per cont MateilalB for toilet covers, &c-0j; per cent Matting and mots (cocoanut or other)- 6} por cent. Musical Instruments (of known makers ana on proof that duty has been paid)-10per cent. Oilmen's Blores, in original packagos as importod, which hove poid 20 per cent, duty-10 per cent. Oilmen's stores, 10 per cent, duty-5 per cent Oil or other floor clotha-0J per cont. Oils, castor or cod liver-6 per cent, Paper, brown, groy, and other wrapping, In original wrappers, as lmpoitcd- 8a. per cwt Papcrhanglnga-5 per cant. Plated and mixed metal wate-CJ per cent Silks-0J per cent. Stationery (not otherwise onumoratcd)-0J per cant Toya-fi per cent Twine-8$ per cont Umbi olia», poroBolB-12J per cent. Washing, boklng, eeldlltz powder, in original pack- ages-10 per cent. Watches and clooke-5 por cent Woodenwaro-10 per cont Woollen blankets or blanketing, rugs, and rugging 01 per cent. Woollen piece goods-G1 por cont MINIMUM QUANTITIES OF GOODS DELIVER ABLE FROM THE WAREHOUSE. Description. Homo Con- sumption. Exportation. Spirit«, in ooaes 6 gallons S gallonB Do., inwood .. I cask.. 1 cask Sarsaparilla and pain- killer, andmodlcatod or perfumed spirits.. 1 package _ 1 package Wine, in cases " 10 gallons .. IO gallons Do., In wood ,, 1 cask.. L cask Beer. &c;, in cases and Ocasos, or bulk 6 casca, or bulk barrels (bottled) 50gallonB .. 60 gallons Tobacco, cigars, & snu0 001b .. GOlb. Tea 2ohtsorequlv lchstorequiv. quantity .. quantity Sugar and montâtes .. lOowt... lOowt or4owt respect vsly Coffee, &o.; 2401b. lowt Opium, &o.; Bice 451b. 451b lOowt. ocwt. nutter, oheeso, and candles ,. 2401b. 1 package Bacon, lard, and hams 2401b. I nackage Soap .. _ 2401b... I paokogo Confoctlonory, biscuits, comfits, sweotmeats. andcuccodsa.. 2401b. I package Jams .. .. _ '401b. I package 2401b. I package Hops .. .. lOOlb. I package 50 bushels .. 20buihola iOowt.. lOcwt. 1') gallons .. 1 package 10 gallons .. 1 packago Salted provisions, &i;).. Ocwt. 1 poakage 30 In No. .. 20 In No. Window sallies.. 80 pairs 20 palra Grain ) Flour j" - l ton .. Iton Millinor](a8lmportod or Iprckago .. C10 value or 1 ropacked In bond) packago Apparel, &c;, do. do.. 1 package £10 value or 1 package £10 valuo or 1 Manufactures of silk, ol I package silk with, &c.; pact age Musioal Instruments 1 package £10 value or 1 and carriages package GIaie&glasswaro;,chlna 1 package - £i0 value or 1 ware and.porcelain packago Furnlturo ,. I paokogo .. I pookogo Toys, turnory, wooden ware, bruthwore, wlckorwore, and earthenware ,. 1 potksge .. I package Woollen blanketed rugs 1 package .. 1 packago Ulled and preserved fruits, ¿co. 24Mb. 1' pookoga 2401b .. I paokoge Macaroni .. 2401b. 1 package Vermicelli .. .. 2401b. 1 package Preserved meats & fish 2401b. 1 packago Ohooolato ,, 2401b. lewt Cocoa . 2401b. lewt Oilmen's stores not o thor wiro enumerated £10 value .. 1 packago BURNING OF THE THEATRE ROYAL. 'At midnight on Tuesday, the 19th inst, the Theatre Royal, the loading theatre of Melbourne and the Australian colonies gene- rally, around wbich nearly all the associa- tions of the drama in Victoria cluster, was completely dojtroyed by flro. In the earlier part of the evening the drama of "The Streets of New York " was played as usual, and when the premises were closed for the night every- thing seemed secure. At about a quarter to 12 o'clock one of the employés of the theatre, named English, who slept on the promises, discovered signs of burning in the neighbour- hood of the dressing-rooms, just behind the " paint-framo," a wooden erection used by the sconopaintor in his work. The paint-frame divided the dressing and proporty rooms from the flies, ko., the former constituting the rearmost part of the premises. The dressing and property rooms, and the fittings con- nected with tbem, were almost entirely of wood, so that there was littlo chance from the first of chocking the uro before material damage had been done. The first thing English did on making the unwelcome dis- covery was to arouse the gas-man Golding, , who was asleep in the greenroom, and to got out the hoso belonging to the promises. While thoy wero thus engaged, the painter's labourer, Douglas, caroo to thoir assistance. In the meantime, Mr. W. Pitt, the lessee of the cafó and bar at the front, had gone upstairs to view the premises for the last thing at night, when one of the employés at M'Donald's 'photographio establishment, tho rooms of which communicated with tho cafe, called out that there was smoke inside the building, and that tho theatre was evidently on fire. Mr. Pitt rushed through the theatre, and ' made his way behind the stage, whero he found English, Douglas, and Golding attempting with tho nose to put out the fire. He gavo his assistance, and hopes were at first entertained that the firo would be prevented from extending beyond the paint-frame. The flames, however, rapidly spread among tho inflammable materials wbich were too conveniently at hand, an'd burst through tho paintframo into the flies. The scenery, consisting of canvas surfaces covered with paint, flamed up instantly, and the wholo stago was soon involved in dostruc : < tion. 'Mr. Pitt and the others escaped to the front of the building as best tbey could, glad enough to get safely away. During tho time that theso few men wore fighting with the flames inside the building, others outside, who had noticed first the ascent of smoke and then the glare of fire through som o of the outlet», were hammering at the door in Little Bourke . street, in ordor to alarm, as thoy thought, the sleeping inmates; and the cry of "fire" -(was raised. The work of destruction had boon . quietly in progress for some time, however, ' before the fire was even suspocted outside, and ., it was not until half an hour after the fire bad , actually commenced that the warning notes . of the bell were beard. The Melbourne Fire Brigade and other brigades from tbo suburbs were quickly on tho scene, hut the place burned like tinder, and in loss than an hour the theatre was completely putvtd. Nothing was left but the bare walls, and a heap of charred remains. The neighbouring buildings, which at first were in. great danger, were fortu- nately saved' trom serious injury by ibe exertions of the firemen. Mr. Pain's collection of Polynesian and Australian curi- osities in St. George's Hall was damaged by various parcels being hurriedly thrown into the streets, but the injuries sustained were afterwards found to be not irreparable. Mr. M'Donald's photographic studio came more badly off[ and a valuable piano belonging to the proprietor was destroyed by being bundled down stairs. A few shopkeepers alsosuffered losses in a similar way. The café which formed the front of the theatre in Bourke-street was saved from the fire, but the interior was con- siderably damaged. The loss of Mr. W. Pitt, the lessee, however, is covered by insurance. Mr. Coppin's loss is very severe indeed. He was roused out of his bed at Richmond to learn the destruction of his property, and hurried to the spot just to witness the end of the affair. The theatre itself actually belonged to Mr. Murphy, the ground landlord, but the scenery, dresses, tenant's fixtures, wardrobe, properties, and such"- like, were Mr. Coppin's, and he loses them utterly. Three months ago bo was insured for £4,000, in separate policies of £1,000 each, but three of them i falling in the insurance offices refused to renew. He values the property dostroyod at j over £2,000, and the remaining £1,000 policy j has lapsed. Further, he has paid the rent on his lease up to the end of July, when it expires. This is £80 a week, and thus he suffers a total loss on that account of £1,360. The burning of the theatre was a grand spectacle. A few minutes after the first cloud of smoke was seen in the streets a portion of the back roof fell in, and a pillar of fire, SOft. high, shot up towards the sky, and before one could count a hundred the flames coursed along the roof of the main building withaspeed that resembled the ignition of a train of powder. The large stage of the Royal was crowded with lifht wooden work in the shape of the frames of scenery, dressingrooms, properties, and such- like. These were soon enveloped in roaring rose coloured flames, the mere heat of which was sufficient to ignite the wooden seats in the pit, and then the box circle, the upper box tier, and the galleries, which reached to tho ceiling. The iron roof lasted after this bat a second or co, and then there rose to the sky such a vast volume of bright fire as made the few thousand persons in the street (for at no time were the spectators! particularly nume- rous) yell in their mad excitement. Up to this point, by some, odd conjuncture of circum- stances, some of the painted work bad resisted the flames, and those who could get a view could see some of Hennings's choicest efforts more brilliantly lit up than by, tho strongest lime-light that ever shone. Unconsumed pantomime masks leered hideously on the scene, and in one portion of the dress circle the crimson damask fittings seemed to offer a convenient seat for a demon fresh from the last act in "Don Giovanni" to gaze luxuriously upon a congenial sight. The floor of the pit and the seats therein were nearly the lost to take fire thoroughly, and when they added their quota to the burning moss nothing that Martin ever drew of Pande- monium could exceed what was there to be seen. The water thrown by the firemen seemed to add fuel to the flames, which went roaring on, and nothing appeared capable of aTrestingthcm. Viewedfrom the box entrance, which was open, the aspect was equally grand, and before one's eyes the flames seemed to lick away the interior framework as though it wero paper, and then the solid side walls-over 3ft. thick-loomed through, the, incandescent in- terval of space. I The destruction of three large Australian theatres-the Haymarket in Melbourne, the Prince of Wales's Opera-house in Sydney, and now the Theatre Royal-in the brief space of l8 months, seems a remarkable coincidence. The three events coming so quickly after each other have been a severe blow to the pro- fession, and it is hoped that these disasters will lead to tho introduction of an improved style of building for such places of entertain- ment. The history of the Theatre Royal is one of strange vicissitude. It was built by Mr. John Black, a successful carrier, and was opened on July 16, 1855 The first performance was "The School for Scandal, with the late Mr. G. H. Rogers as Sir Peter Teazle, and Mrs. Chas. Poole as Lady Teazle. The opening address was written by Mr. W. M. Akhurst, now in London. Mr. Black's first star was Lola Montez, who was not a great success, and a few months of manage- ment ruined him. The fact was, the theatre could not otc-ad against the rivalry of the old Olympic, which was opened by Mr. Coppin on the 30th of the same month, with a company including Mr. G. V. Brooke, Mr. and Mrs. Heir, Mr. Sefton Parry, Miss Julia Mathews, and Mr. li. Younge. Mr. Coppin assumed the management of the Theatre Royal injune, 1856, wbenMr. Brooke appeared in a series of Shakspcarian impersonations. After a brief season of equestrian spectacle, the legitimate was arçain revived. Then the Wizard Anderson had possession of the boards for a time. The next dramatic season, in August, 185S, is remembered by the first ap- pearance of Miss HUon Mortyn, an actress of rare ability, whose somewhat mysterious death two years afterwards created a very painful impression. In 1=59 Mr. Brooke became sole manager, and the speculation ended in his ruin. After a brief interval the Lyster Opera Company made their first appear- ance. A successful opera season of five months was followed by Mr. Barry Sullivan's dramatic season of three years, the most successful period of theatrical management, as well as the best, known in the city. Then came Mr. Hoskins's abortive attempt at management. Messrs. Lambert, Vincent, Harwood, Hennings, Stewart, and Bellair wero next in command of the fortunes of the house. Mr. Vincent met an untimely death, Mr. Lambert and Mr. Bellair retired from the firm, and Mr. Coppin was taken into partnership. Up to the beginning of lost year the firm was Harwood, Stewart, Hen- nings, and Coppin, but Mr. Coppin then bought out his co-partners, since when he has been the sole lessee Mr. Montgomery's engagement at this theatre commenced in July, 1867, under the management of Har- wood and Co. The subsequent stars were Mr. James Anderson, Mr. Bandmann, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mathews, Mr. J. B. Howe, Mr. Tavares, and Mr. Carden-the latter playing on the night of the fire. During the last 15 months the legitimate drama has been the exception, and not the rule, at the Royal. Every actor of note who has visited these colonies, excepting Mr. Charles Kean and his wife, who played under Mr. Coppin's manage- ment at the Haymarket Theatre while Mr. Sullivan was lessee of the rival theatre, has appeared at the Royal. The Princess's is now the only theatre remaining in Melbourne, but it cannot be doubted that ere long a templo of the drama worthy the leading city of the Australian group will rise in our midst, to replace the leading theatre which now lies in ashes. _ THE LONDON WOOL SALES. The following report on the subject of the London wool sales has been adopted by the Melbourno Chamber of Commerce ; "It is not necessary to reiterate or recon- sider the various complaints, now happily reduced in number, which have emanated from the colonies respecting the management of the London wool sales; but it is im- portant to state a distinction not hitherto sufficiently observed in regard to the different subjects of complaint. The distinction is this :-Certain -of the customs of the trade were matter of regulation or sanction, express or implied, on the part of the late Now South Wales and Van Diomen's Land Asso- ciation, and as such presumedly adopted by the new Wool Merchants' Association ; and hence the alteration of such customs would require,'or accomplished through, the direct action of that association. On the other hand, somo of tbe practices which have beon animad- verted upon are not of this character, but are more subject to the control of oach indi- vidual merchant. Of tbe former class aro such matters as draft, number of annual Bales, scale of biddings, &c;, whilo to the latter belong the questions of'brokers acting in a double capacity, sampling, lotting, &c.; Now, it is manifest that if this distinction bo observed, the range of public discus- sion is immediately restricted to those points which aro fixed by the central authority, whereas all others are roally rather for the consideration and determination of each consignee, as representing the shipper and owner. Therefore, while the committee of the Chamber adhere to the view expressed in their report of June, 1870, in regard to the impropriety of a broker discharging tho two opposite functions of buyer and seller simul- taneously-a custom which is the occasion of wide-spread distrust among woolgrowers, notwithstanding all explanations given-we now recommend that this evil, if it be considered such, should bo immediately and effectually cured by each consignee, who lins tho- remedy in bis own hands, viz., employing only such brokers as consent to abandon the practice; while, agttfu, thoso persons who do not complain of it are equally free to employ a broker who continues ¿he practice. The test of a broker's success will be the prices he can obtain. Similarly, it is for each merchant as instructed by the owner, to direct in what lots, large or small, bis wool shall be sold, and to control in many other respects, according to his own judgment, the special disposal of his property. Having thus relegated to the proper quarter a con- siderable portion of the subjects agitated in this matter, and so relieved the public dis- cussion of them to that extent, we have re- maining the other class of questions, in regard to which any action, to be prompt and conclu- sive, must begeneral and not individual. The most important points belonging to this cate- gory are those relating to draft and frequency of sales. As to draft it appears from the London report that all argument is practically abandoned by those who contend for the continuance of the custom, whioh is admitted to be indefensible in principle, and is appa- rently upheld merely in virtue of its antiquity or to suit the good pleasure of the buyers. The allegation that this allowance is taken into account by the buyers in bidding is futile, because each bid greatly exceeds the amount so allowed ; and further, it would be sufficient for the seller to reply that if the draft is taken into account, it can be no hardship to eliminate an unneces- sary calculation and so simplify transactions The shifts to which those who urge the main- tenance of this custom are reduced are well illustrated by an absurd remark of one of the brokers, whose useful contributions to the subject are embodied in the London report Draft is by this contributor regarded as an allowance for variation in weight ; but since the variation may, as aamitted in the same sentence, be for or against the seller, it is a singular conclusion that the allowance should be always in favour of the buyer ! In what manner or through what channel the abolition of a custom, possibly once justified by tbo former conditions of the m arket, but now little else than an antiquated abuce, can be best ef- fected, is matter for further consideration ;but the hope may be here expressed that the Wool Merchants' Association will be equal to the speedy accomplishment of this desiderated change: The remaining point to which it is deemed requisite at present to advert is that of the frequency of sales. It was remarked in the report to this chamber of June, 1870,* that the system of restricting the public sale of wool to certain fixed dates is an artificial interference with the natural and free diffu- sion of the article, only to be justified by certain countervailing advantages. These advantages arise almost exclusively from the greater competition generated at periodical and numerously-attended sales, whioh may be regarded as the modern substitute for the fairs of a former time, It ap- pears to the present committee to be open to question whether this artificial arrangement is not in some respects unsuited to modern circumstances, and whether the violent oscillation of the price of wool during the lost two years, from an extreme of unnecessary depression towards another extreme of possible inflation, may not be reasonably attributed, to some extent, to the artificial restriction of the sale of the article. Exaggerated importance is thence attached to the printed opinions of persons who have become tbe recognised, though self-appointed, organs of the restricted market, By th« promulgation of crude and hasty theories about production and consumption, and by gratuitous prophecies which have been falsified by events, these authorities have, unintentionally, no doubt, inflicted grievous damage upon colonists whose capital' is engaged in the pastoral industry. Daring the last few years many reputable men hava been brought to the brink of ruin, and some driven over it, by the unjustifiable and con- tinuous depreciation in London of the staple product of their industry ; and now at the present moment there is a violent reaction upon that depreciation, which may prodnce results equally pernicious, by encouraging undue speculation. If there be any founda- tion for these remarks, and that there is few will deny, tben they suggest grave consideration as to the net benefit resulting from the present highly artificial and much vaunted organisation for the sale of wool The brokers will act wisely for the future by confining themselves to the state- ment of facts, and to drawing only short and safe inferences therefrom. During the discus- sions wbich have arisen in regard to the management of the London wool sales, many groundless insinuations have been heedlessly launched, and much unmerited odium has been cast upon an honourable and high principled, though sometimes indiscreet body of men, and the committee of this chamber think it right expressly to disown such un- worthy imputations. Muoh valuable informa- tion Is brought together in the London reports and rendered accessible to the colonists, among whom considerable igno- rance prevailed ; while on the other hand it may without offence be assumed that for the future those who are prominent in con- ducting the organisation in London will be more amenable to reason, and evince leis disposition to Bit aloft in a sort of serene and self-satisfied orthodoxy, whichisnotacceptabla to those who employ theirvaluable services. In conclusion, this committee may congratulate themtelves that, if not in consequence of a suggestion contained in their former report, at least in harmony with that suggestion, the old Wool Association in London, which had fallen into an unconstitutional state, has been replaced by a new body from which much important and useful work may be confidently expected." _ i GOLD AND THE GOLD FIELDS. ' The reports which have beon received from the various gold-fields of the colony during the past month do not contain any particu- larly special announcements, but they are on the whole very satisfactory. Alluvial mining is being steadily pursued in the different districts with advantageous results, and quartz mining is increasing in a rapid and most profitable manner on several of the older gold-fields, especially in the Bendigo or Sandhurst district The prospects of this latter district indeed appear more and more brilliant month, by montb, for in addi- tion to the continued riohness of the older reefs there, the striking of a new reef or reefs is reported almost weekly. It is now undoubtedly the best quartz mining district in the world, and it also seems from the many new dis- coveries which are mado that it has quartz reefs running in all directions through it, which will soon furnish profitable work for a vast number of miners. The splendid yields from many of its mines have led to a vory healthy desire on the part of capitalists and other persons who have more or less spare cash at their disposal to invest in pro- spective mines in the district, and a large amount of money is now being laid outlin tho sinking and development of such mines. The Great Extended Hustler's Tribute mine, which since tbo reef was struck in it in October last has yielded almost fabulous returns, still proves very rich, though the two lost fortnightly returns are not so high as those of soveral previous fortnights were. The yield for the fortnight end- ing Saturday, 23rd inst., was 2,277oz., and that for the previous fortnignt, 2,93Goz. The Great Extended Hustler's Company are also raising good Btone. Their shares have now become very valuable in the market, and have advanced during the last month at a rate which must be exceedingly pleasing to the fortunate holders of them. On the 1st of this month they were quoted at £7 5s., from which price tbey gradually rose until on the 2Gth inst. tbey wero sold as high as £10 5s. The Sandhurst correspondent, in The Argus of the 2GthinBt, in Bpeaking of this company and its tributo company. Bays:-"Great Extended Hustler's have still further advanced, and in request, but firmly held. This claim may justly bo entitled tho ' Investment Company ' of the district-a feeling existing that money canilot bo placed in any company more safely ; and when, speculation in others fails, tkese 'shares are always wanted, and are con * "It cannot be denied that London IB, and la likely to be, pro eminently If not exclusively, the emporium of the wool trade, justas Liverpool attriota the mass of cotton; but without forgetting the truth ol the genoral remark made above as te tho danger of Budden or violent Interference with the eatabtlehod practice of the trade wo do not hesitate to tay that the forced leading of the entire atream or volume of luch a product as wool through one channel of limited capacity, and. the peilodlcal damming up of that channel, ia opposed to tbe notural froe diffusion ol the product, and is therefore unsound in principle. The concluilonof the London committees is that the pre- sent BJ stem IB conducive to wholesome competition; but it may with equal reason be said to have a tendency towards unhealthy congestion. The present aub-oom mlttee do notât present however, advocate moro than tbo steady recognition of the principle of free diffusion and the continuous and gradual approximation in practice to that principle whenever opportunity adaes."-Report Adopted 10th June, 1870. ? lit Is a conicquence of tbe system of intermittent latee, that during the Interval between one series of tales and another, no markot price, properly so colled, can be uld to exist, because there are no public trans- actions to Justify quototiona And BO it comes to pass that tbe bost-lnformed broken confess to a helpless Ignorance of probablo prices until the sales open, when the cue Is taken from the " assembled représentantos of the European wool trade." Hence arise many of those Budden and oontrodlotory and apporently Inex- plicable movements in the trod o which are so unsatis- factory to the owners ot produce.] sidered just os safe and valuable as £10 bank- notes. They report a great improvement in the yield of amalgam (about l.OOOoz ) for the past week, and will have- much better returns. The fine yields of the Tribute also strengthen the company when it is known that this run is not yet touched in the parent claim, which it adjoins." From Ballarat several items of news of importance have been recorded during the past week. One of these was the good finds of gold made by the tributers of the Black Hill Company. They obtained as much as 80oz. of gold from one bucketful of quartz stone, taken from a small flat leader ; and the ground in that part of the claim which it was got from continues to give promise of yielding rich stone. Two or three new claims have already been taken up on the Black-hill reefs in consequence of the good prospects of the Black-hill Company. The improved and still improving aspect of the New Homeward bound claim at Scotchman's, in the Ballarat district, has also induced a number of claims to be taken up around it. It is also hoped by the shareholders of another claim -the Sovereign-that a reef which has been found in their shaft will prove to be a payable main lode, and if that be so, a great impetus will be given to quartz-mining in the district. Hitherto Ballarat has been noted for its enormous yields from alluvial mines, but many of the old residents of the district have held to the theory that it would yet prove equally rich in quartz-bearing stone, and as time progresses discoveries of reefs are made which give fair foundations for the belief that the theory will be verified in fact. The Gravel Pits Company, which was one of the first of a number recently started to work the old rich ground under the town of Ballarat East, formerly supposed to have been wholly worked out, had their first washing up last Saturday, and the result was satisfactory beyond all expectation. It was predicted that from the first three macbinefuls of dirt which the company put through the puddling process, not more than 15oz. of gold would be returned, but the handsome yield of COoz. 15dwt. was obtained. The Ovens Spectator in a recent issue points out that the mining resources of the colony are yet only very partially known, and still more partially developed. The journal says : -"It has been found that old reefs have been abandoned without cause, and new ones of surpassing richness are discovered almost every day. Here in this district we have a remarkable instance of the latter. Mr. Magill, a miner with a perseverance rarely to be met with, for over six years prospected tho country about Hillsborough, but in vain, Rodnced to bis last shilling, but not despair- ing, he one lucky morning puts in a cut on a spot over which miners had walked a thou- sand times to tho adjacent reefs, and here he finds, within six inches of the surface, a fortune. This reef is now down 120ft It has yielded as much as 7oz., to the ton, and some of the richest stone we have ever seen, from the last shot in the shaft, at the depth named, is now on view at the Post-office Hotel, Beechworth. But what in the way of developing the reefs can be accomplished by a few men in so rugged and extensive a country ? Or, how can it be said that our mines are failing when there are probably not two dozen men systematically prospecting the thousands of square miles of auriferous country which lies between the Buckland and the Murray and El Dorado and Forest-hill." The gold-mining statistics of the colony for the quarter ending 31st December last, which were published during the past month by the department of Mines, show that there are now 58,270 miners employed on different gold-fields, of whom 26,160 were Europeans, and 15,582 engaged in alluvial mining; and 16,450 Europeans and 87 Chinese in quartz mining. The total mining population was divided in the various districts as follows : Ballarat, 13,892; Beechworth, 8,119; Sand- hurst, 8,228; Maryborough, 12,046; Castle- maine, 9,137; Ararat, 3,161; and Gipps Land, 3,096. The approximate value of mining plant in the colony was £2,060,835. The number of square miles of auriferous ground worked upon was984J, divided amongst the districts as follows ¡-Ballarat, 134} ; Beechworth. 248} ; Sandhurst, 140} ; Mary- borough, 77i ; Castlemaine, 166-} ; Ararat, 82j j and Gipps Land, 135, The quartz reefs distinctly proved to be auriferous amounted to 3,130, of which 189 were credited to Ballarat, 779 to Beechworth, 710 to Sand- hurst, 524 to Maryborough, 390 to Castlemaine, 73 to Ararat, and 465 to Gipps Land. The amount of gold obtained anting the quarter, as estimated by the Government mining surveyors and registrars from such infor- mation as they could obtain from gold buyers and others, was352,698oz" of which 178,336oz. was from the alluvial mines, and 174 3G2oz. from quartz mining. Information was given respecting 227,245 tons of quartz, respecting which the surveyor« and registrars had positive statistics, and it appears that 78,502 tons of the quartz mentioned were crushed in the Ballarat district, with a yield of 22,798oz. gold, 26,260 tons in Beechworth district for a return of 13,619oz, 38,210in Sandhurst district for22,333oz , 11,061m Maryborough district for 6,503oz , 33,974 in Castlemaine district for 15,578oz , 26,909 in Ararat district for 21 877 oz. and 11,723 tons m Gipps Land district for 14,68007. The average yields in the various distriots were as follows ¡-Ballarat, Sdwt. 19 42gr. per ton of quartz; Beechworth, lOdwt. 9 50gr. ; Sandhurst, lldwt. 16*55gr. ; Maryborough, lldwt. 3 70gr. ; Castlemaine, 9dwt. 4-10gr. ; Ararat, lOdwt 6*24gr. ; Gipps Land, loz. Sdwt. 0 7gr. Out of 33,691 tons of quartz tailings, cement, and mullook operated on, 5,789oz of gold was obtained, and from 900 tons of pyrites and blanketings 2,530oz of gold waa taken. The depth at which gold is being extracted from'quartz claims con- tinues to increase. In the New North Clunes claim at Clunes it has been got at from 240ft. to 790ft ; at Learmonth's claim, Egerton, at from 400ft to 600ft. ; at tho New Chum reef, Sandhurst, at 525ft. ; at Hustler's reef, Sand- hurst, at 600ft. ; at the South Nuggetty reef, Sandhurst, at 550ft. ; at the Cross reef. Pleasant Creek, at 620ft. ; and at the Good Hope Company, Crooked River, at 620ft. ! At a dinner given by the shareholders of the New North Clunes Company, which is one of the most prosperous companies in the colony, on the 16th inst-, some very interest- ing facts were stated respecting that company, showing the vicissitudos which it had under- gone before it attained to its present prosperous condition. The health of Mr. James Esmond was proposed, and in return- ing thanks Mr, Esmond said that "in July, 1851, be made the first gold discovery at Clunes ; the first gold cradle was made and rocked at Clunes; and he sold the first parcel of gold obtained from "Victorian soil.'' He had also "cradled the New North Clanes Company in its birth and in its infancy, but it had fled from him in its maturity, and he was now filling the obscure post of stampsman for the company, for which, however, he was grateful, since it enabled him to find bread for his family." The recorder of the proceedings at tho dinner further states, in reference to the combined Bubject of Mr. Esmond and the New North Clunes Company, that on the 10th March, 1854, a commission appointed to investigate claims for rewards like those of Mr. Esmond's, awarded him £1,000, which was duly paid. Still another reward was given him in con- sideration of his gold discovery, and this took the shape of a lease of promising quartz ground at Clunes. The New North Clunes Company was formed at the ond of 1857, or the beginning of 1858, to work Esmond's lease, to which it afterwards joined much neighbouring country, and from its com- mencement, at the dato just mentioned, till August, 1868, it was a continued drag upon its proprietary. Expecting to find payable stone at a depth of 300ft. or 400ft., the com. pony has been obliged to sink to a depth of nearly 1,000ft,, and has now the deepest shaft in the colony. Serious blunders wero made in the ordering and planning of the com- pany's machinery in the early days, and much loss accrued from this cause. Then the reef upon which the company relied in tho begin- ning, by and by showed symptoms of ex- haustion, and one thing with another mado the New North Clunes mine a source of much care to its owners for many years. But after,a time things took a turn for tho better. Two gold- bearingreefswerediscoveredinits ground, of which the company was not aware when it commenced operations, and its explorations at deep levels proved moro successful than there was sufficient reason to anticipate in the beginning. As affairs stand now all con- cerned havo every reason to feel highly gratified, and those who have stuck to the company all through havo been amply re- warded for their constancy. The paid-up capital in tho company is £18 per share, and £100 per share has already been paid in dividends, the present value of the shares being something under £120, and its pros- pects, according to the views of the share- holders, brighter than ever. In illustration of the uncertainty which attends the value of Victorian mining property, it moy bo mentioned that at one time, when £10 or £12 per share had been paid up in Now North Clunes shares, they wero barely saleable at 30». each. Subsequently, in 1869, they readily fetched £200, but in another year thoy wer,e purchasable at £45. To show about what tho mino yields it may be said that for [ January of this year it paid £4 per share, , for February £1, and for March £4 10s. In reflecting upon the varied career of this enterprise, it would bo pleasant to know that its original projectors were sharers in its present prosperity, but this is not so, except to a limited extent. Very many of the original shareholders were obliged to sell out at a great sacrifice before the dividend-paying era commenced, and, to the same extent, the present lucky shareholders in the mine are speculators who bought in at one time or another. Two years ago the company pur- chased two of its own shares, then worth about £156, and presented them to Esmond's wife, so that the first discoverer of gold at Clunes doeB not now rely altogether upon his own labour for his means of living. The history of the vicissitudes of the New North Clunes Company and its ultimate success would apply to very many of our now most prosperous colonial mines, numbers of which had to be worked for years at great expense and under considerable difficulties before they were successful enough to pay dividends, AGRICULTURE. Threshing having been finished, ploughing is being pushed forward in every part of the colony, and double ploughs will soon be uni- versally employed. Our local makers are quite full of orders that ought to have been executed many weeks ago. The saving of one horse in four and ono man out of two, has been a most efficient advertisement, but the reality is even better ; many farmers are working double ploughs with pairs of horses, and if the right plough is employed upon moderately light land, two good horses can perform the work with ease. The events of the month most interesting to English readers are a large sale of Lincoln sheep and another sale of shorthorns from the herds of Mr.Robert M'Dougall, of Essendon, Arundel, and Warlaby. The sheep were the property of the lato Mr. Thomas Austin, Barwon-park, and the sale, which took place on the 4th March, was the most lcinaifiaMe of its kind on record in Australia. Of late years, and especially dur- ing the lost four years, longwoolled sheep have risen greatly in favour amongst the western stockowners, as they have been found to yield vastly better results than morinoes on tbo rich pasturage of that part of the colony. The late Mr. Austin having devoted much attention to importing the best strains of Lincoln blood,, the sale of his stock occurred most opportunely, as will be seon from the prices realised. Those for the rams were not so high, indeed many were quite low, but the sheep were in poor con- dition, and pure rams are more easily obtain- able than ewes, few owners being willing to part with the latter. The highest-priced ram went for £112 ; the next at £59, £58, £52, £50, £50, £49, and so on, several more going between £40 and £50. It was in the ewes that the high figures were reached ; pens of eight six-toothed going for £62 per head ! We append the prices realised for owes of all ages: Pure Lincoln Ewes (two-toothed).-1 sheep, Mr. S.Austin, at £50; 2 sheep, Mr. AT Arthur, at £31 ; 3 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £43 ; 2 sheep, Mr. M'Knight, at £32 : 4 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £33 ; 4 sheep, Mr. Armstrong, at £34 ; 8 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £39 ; 8 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £40 ; 8 sheep, Mr. S. AuBtin, at £45 ; 4 sheep, Mr. Curdie, at £45 ; 4 sheep, Mr. S, Austin, at £54 ; 8 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £51; 8 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £51 each. Pure Lincoln Ewes (four-toothed).-4 sheep, Mr. Finlay, at £56 ; 4 sheep, Mr. Bool, at £55 ; 8 sheep, Mr. Simson, at £43 each. Pure Lincoln Sheep (Six-toothed).-8 sheep, Mr. Armstrong, at £33: 8 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £62 ; 8 sheep, Mr. Phillips, at £31 ; 8 sheep, Mr. Armstrong, at £31 ; 4 sheep, Mr. Armstrong, at £29 ; 8 sheep, Mr. Phillips, at £31 ; 4 sheep, Mr. Finlay, at £37 ; 8 sheep, Mr. Lyon, at £23 each. Pure Lincoln Sheep (Eight-toothed).-4 sheep, Mr. Hood, at £33 ; 12 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £10 ; S sheep, Mr. Hood, at £30 ; 16 sheep, Mr. Hood, at £16; 16 sheep, Mr. Armstrong, at £20 ; 4 sheep, Mr. M'Knight, at £21 ; 4 Bbeep, Mr. Hood, at £16 each. Imported Full-mouthed Ewes.-1 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £15 ; 1 sheop, Mr. Lyon, at £10 ; 1 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £31 ; 1 sheep, Mr. Lyon, £13 ; 2 sheep, Mr. M'Knight, at £17 ; 2 sheep, Mr. M'Arthur, at £13 ; 2 sheep, Mr. Lyon, at £9 ; 12 sheep, Mr. Lyon, at £8 ; 24 sheep, Mr. Bullivant, at £13 each. Pure Lincoln Ewes (Weaners).-8 sheep, Mr. Kininmont, at £25 ; 5 sheep, Mr. Arm- strong, at£21 ; 5 sheep, Mr. M'Kenzie, at£16 ; 10 sheep, Mr. S. Austin, at £20 ; 10 sheep, 'Mr. S. Austin, at £20 ; 10 sheep, Mr. Finlay. £19 10s.;10sheep, Mr. Armstrong, at£21; IO sheep, Mr. M'Kenzie, at £16 ; 10 sheep, Mr. M'Arthur, at £16; 10 sheep, Mr.' Hood, at £10 ; 9 sheep, Mr. Twomey, at £9 each. The comparatively shorter figures realised by tho full mouthed ewes are accounted for by their great age and the improbability of their again proving fertile A large number of three-quarter-bred shoep were sold at good rates, and the total amount realised was about £24,635. , , I Tho sale of Mr. M'Dougall's shorthorns occurred on the 12th of March at the Essen- don Farm, which was held on a lease now about to oxpire. Tho catalogue .comprised 12 bulls of various ages, from l8 months down to three months, and 26 heifers. One youngster, six months old, the progeny of Field-Marshal Booth, realised 145 guineas ; Veno, by Major Booth, fetching 70 guineas, and John of Loin, by the same sire, 90 guineas.. Du Cane, an > l8 months bul!, by Grand Count;, went for 170 guineas. Several of the bulls were by Great Count, half brother to Grand Count, both being by Count of the Empire, the following amongst the number, viz. : Bazaine, 180 guineas ; Ferdinand, 180 guineas ; Dombrowski, '120 guineas. Of the heifers six were over two years old, and 20 under that age. The highest price, 120 guineas, was realised by Legacy, a two- yoar-old. Fun and Fashion, a beautiful pair, were taken by one buyer for 115 guineas apiece ; they aro to go to New South Wales. Plaited Purple, 27 months old, realised 100 guineas ; the rest of the figures were below that. The 12 bulls made an aggregate of 1,201 guineas, equal to £105 2s. per head ; 26 females'realisea 1,529 guineas, or an average of £6114s. ll^d, per head. The whole 38 head thus mado an aggregate of £2.866 10s" giving a general average of £75 8s. 8d. We may remark that the whole of the heifers were by colonial bulls, out of colonial cows. From our Sydney corre- spondent we learn that the lately imported Devon bull Duke of Flitton 4th has been sold to Mr. Reynolds, of Tocal, for the sum of £350. MEAT-PRESERVING. The following is the report of the directors to be presented to the shareholders of the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company at the ninth half-yearly general meeting, to be held on Monday, 1st April next : - " During the past half-year the operations of tho company have comprised the slaughter of 1,354 oxen and 133,117 sheep. As antici- pated by the directors in their lost report, the low prices ruling at that time for preserved meat at home attracted the attention of some influential buyers, and, aided by the high price of fresh meat as well as very materially hy the efforts of Mr. Edward Wilson and other gentlemen (whose exertions the directors take this opportunity of publicly acknowledging), the company's agents In London succeeded in bringing about a marked reaction in tho trade. A considerable demand ensued for the company's moats especially for mutton-the stock of which at the date of lost advices was nearly exhausted. The directors havo determined, with a view to meet the increased demand that has thus arisen, to enlarge the works of the company. The directors havo, as heretofore, adopted the plan of valuing at a low rate all consign- ments afloat, and those for which no account sales have been received, which nevertheless results in a balance of £12,188 7s. 3d. to the credit of profit and loss, after writing off £3,000 in diminution of the building and machinery accounts. The directors have much pleasure'in recommending a dividend of 5s. pershore, equivalent to 10 per cent, per annum, and also in reporting the factory to be in a thorough state of efficiency, both in regard to the works and the employés of the company." Tbo successful establishment of Mr. Patrick Hayes's meat-preserving works at Footscray was celebrated by a few gentlemen, who met on the premises and drank prosperity to the new undertaking. Tho buildings, which occupy two acres of ground on the banks of the Saltwater River, are compactly constructed. They aro of a substantial cha- racter, well ventilated, and aro carried out with a view to the utmost economy in work- ing. Themain building, which is of iron, has a length of 104ft and a breadth of 61ft, and there are two largo slaughter-houses ad- joining, tho one being 18ft by 64ft, and the other 76ft by 30ft The boiler is heated by Mr. Hayes's patent for burning oil, by which a considerable saving is offected. The works are very conveniently arranged, the sheep enter- ing alive at one end and coming out at the other in tins ready for shipment. It is calcu- lated that the works when fairly in order will consume 2,000 sheep per week. They are , carried on entirely by private enterprise. ( In consequence of tho success attoniing tbe efforts of the Geelong Meat-preserving Company, it is now intended to extend opera- tions by increasing the plant so as to enable them to dispose ol 5,000 sheep or a propor- tionate number of cattle weekly, in place of the present number of 3,000. Tho contract entered into by the Ballarat Meat-preserving Company with the Admiralty is for the supply of 6i,000lb. of mutton at 7d. per lb., and tbere appears a prospect of the company obtaining a still larger contract for the supply of beef. The Warrnambool Meat-preserving Factory has been sold by the liquidators for the sum of £5,000 to a private copartnership of gentle men, all of whom are owners of stock in the Western District. Tho Sydney Meat-preserving Company has decided to negotiate for Jones's vacuum patent. The company propose to sell their works for ¡£15,000 to an English food-preserv- ing company. . THE LABOUR MARKET. The labour market is in rathor a quiet state so far as regards labouring men, the demand for whom has of late not been quite so brisk. In many instancos great hardship has been felt by persons who have come to Victoria expecting to get employment as clerke, but who were unfit for manual labour, and an instance of the over-supply in this branch was shown a few weeks ago when an adver- tisement was put in one of the daily papers for a clerk in a merchant's offico, the salary offered being 10s. por week. On any office becoming vacant in one of our public institu- tions the applications are always very numerous. The dispute between the miners and some of the Sandhurst claimholders has almost died out, and the prospect of tho miners for the future is very flourishing, as there is a great stir in this branch of industiy in nearly every part of the colony. TLe question of obtaining efficient house sei vants is as far from a satisfactory settle- ment as ever, and first-class fomale house servants are extremely difficult to obtain. Tho following aro the rates of wages paid ; Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £2C to £30 per annum ; fomale cooks, £35 to £40 per annum ; malo oo., 20s. to 70s. per week ; nursemaids, -20 to £30 per an- num ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels-Cooks, male and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. ; grooms, 15s, to 2Ss. per week. ' For Stations - First-class married couples for home stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do. ; cooks, £40 to £52 per do. ; housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-Men cooks, £40 to £52 per annum ; married couples, £50 to £60 per do. ; fomale general sorvants, £25 to £35 per do. Station Hands.-Married couples for out stations, £40 to £45 per annum ; shepherds, first-class, £35 to £45 do.; hutkeepers, £25 to £30 do. ; general station hands, 15s. to 20s. per week. Farm Servants. - Ploughmen, £35 to £45 per annum ; ordinary farming men, undei long engagement, £40 to £45 do,; men en- gaged for harvesting, 25s. per week. All the above servants are fed and lodged by their employers. Where rations are given, the following is the scale per week allowed in Victoria :-101b. to 121b. meat (beef or mutton), 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, and iib. tea. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmon aro without rations, anless where specially mentioned : Tradesmen.-Stonemasons and plasterers receive 10s. to 11s. per day ; carpenters from 8-1. to 9s. per do.; slaters, 10s. to 11s. per do.¡ bricklayers receive 10s. Der day, but most of the work in done by the piece at somewhat lower rates ; labourers get from 5s. to 6s. per day ; pick-and-shovel men, get 6s. per day. The day's work is eight hours. Cabinetmakers.-The strike in this trade is at an end, and the men have returned to work. The average earnings for good workmen are £2 15s. per week, and for second-class workmen about 45a. per week, while the secretary of the Cabinetmakers' Association places the average at 40s. per week. Stevedores' Men, &c.-Lumpers; and wool stowers are paid 12s. per day ; foremen, les. per day. Work has been for some time past very slack, and there are a great many men out of employment Donkey-engine drivers get about £4 per week; engineers in tow-boats, £16 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Painters.-Ordinary workmen get about 8s. per day. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 50s. per week ; boys, 20s. to 25s. per week ¡ slaughtermen receivo from 40s. to 50s. per week, with board and lodging ; small-goods men (pork butchers) receive 40s. to 50s. per week. Clothing Factories.-In factories where the work ia done on the premises the wages earned aro as follows :-Tailoresses, from £1 to £115s. per week ¡ pressers, £2, From 12s, to 153. is earned at shirt-making in factory hours, but the greater portion is taken home! Clothing machinists earn from 1&3\. to 30s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 6, During the post month the hands have been fully employed on the orders for winter goods. Farriers.-First-class foremen get about £3 per week ; door-men, from £2 to £2 10s. \ time 10 hours per day. Farriers for the country get from 20s. to 30s. per week, and their board and lodging. In many parts of the country good farriers aro much needed. Bootmakers.-Business in this trade con- tinues brisk, andfullemploymentis obtainable for all hands. There is no change in the rates of wages. For rivetting children's boots as low as 6d. per pair has been paid, and Is. for women's boots, lOd. for boys', and Is, 3d, for men's boots ; and about the same rates for finishing. In the retail trade the rates paid remain about the same. In a few of the best Shops the rates paid are-Wellingtons, 10s. ; elastics, 7s. Cd, ; closing, 8s. i Tinsmiths.-The great demand for good tradesmen by the moat-preserving companies still keeps the price of wages in this trade high, At the meat- preserving works, good workmen get from £3 to £4 pur week of eight hours per day, but the work is very hard. In tho trade, the rate is £2 10s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Plumbers and Gasfitters receivo £3 per week of eight hours per day. Ironworkers.-The rates paid are as fol- low :-Boilermakers, 12s. per day; black- smiths, 12s. do. ; fitters, 11s. do. ; turners, 12s. do. ; labourers, 7s. do. There are great complaints of want of work, and many men are out of employment. Watch Jobbers and Jewellers.-Good work- men get £4 in the first-class shops. Manu- facturing jewellers receive from £2 15s. to £3 15s. per week. A fow of the better workmen receive as highas £5 and £6 per week. Thero aro a good many men out of employ in this trade. i Enomellers.-Good workmen in this trado would find excellent employment at high wages. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is lone by the piece ; the wages fixed by the trado are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week ; drivers, from 40s, to 503. per do. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings aro from £2 10s. to £3 por week, lu faetones, the rates vary, the men boing often paid by the piece. Where wages are poid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. Saddlers.-This trade is in a very depressed state, and there aro large numbers of mon out of employment. Inbestshopsthemenearn£210s. per week, while fair workmen aro often get- ting from £110s. to £2 per weok, and for rough common work tho rate is from 25s. to 30s. por week-time, 10 hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmen receive 60s. to 70s. per week ; shedsmen, 42s. to 45s. per do. ; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Gardeners.-Best workmen, for situations noar towD,, get 45s. to 55s. per week ; do., for the country, 40s. to 50s. ; inferior hands for country, 12s. 6d. to 18s. per week with rations. Bakers,-First-class worcmen (foremen) avorago £3 per week j second hands, £2 to £2 5s. The work in this trade is 10 hours per day. Printers, &c-Journeymen; printers receive £3 per week where paid by wages ; machine men, £3 5s. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers aro paid £3 per week ; binders, £3 per week ; paper-rulers, £3 5s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully sup- plied. ' Navvies.-The rate paid tho men employed on the North-Eastern Railway is 9d. per hour. Miners.-The average rate .for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. por week, eight hour shifts ; breaksmen cet a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz- i miners in deep sinking, for pit- work, got £2 10s.¿ordinary quartz-minersget £25s.per week ; engineers receive £3 to £3 10s. In Bendigo, most of the work is done on tribute. In Alexandra, miners receive £210s. per week. Most of the work in Gipps Land is done by contract ; where wages are paid, the men re- ceive from £210s. to £3. An attempt at Sand- hurst to induce the miners to give another hour's labour for the presont wages of 45s. a week, or submit to a reduction of 3a. a week, bos lea to a strike among the men in thoso claims whero the reduction was attempted. THE "RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the Victorian Railways for tho week ending March 21 show a groat increase over the returns for the correspond ing period of lost year ia ovory branch of traffic The amount received for the carriage of passengers is £3,768 19s. 10d., as against £3,332 7s 5d. last year, showing an. increase ovor last year's returns of £436 12s. 6d. The goods traificgives a return of £6 749 3s. 8d., as against £6,042 0s. 9d. for the corresponding period of last year, showing an increase in this branch of traffic amounting to £707 2s. lid. The total recoipts for tho weok are £11,498 8s, 4d" as against £10,647 14s. Id. for the cor- responding week of last year, showing an increase in favour of tho present yoar of £850 14s. 3d. The aggregate returns to date from 1st July are £409,101 Os. Id., as against £421,707 7s. last year to tbo 23rd March, showing an increase in the total returns of £47,393 13s. Id. in favour of the present year, with two days' less returns. The weekly average for 38 weeks is £12,314 15s., as against £11,09711s. 3d. last year, Bbowing a weekly increase in favour of tho present year amounting to £1,247 4s. 5d. The following ore the aggre- gate returns for tholast five years commencing from 1st Jauuary in each year:-Traffic to 19th March, 1808, £124,826 9s. lid.; to 18th March. 1869, £120,353 18s. 7d. ; to 24th March, 1870, £128.350 15s. 7d.; to 23rd MaTch, 1871, £125,786 14s ; to 21st March, 1872, £138,218 10s. lOd. The returns of the traffic on the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway for tho four weeks ending 21st March do not comparo very favourably with tho returns for tho corresponding period of last year. In the passenger traffic tbo return is £7,243 4s. Od., us against £7,114 16s. 2d. last year, showing an advance in favour of thepresesnt year of £128 8s. 4d. Tho return for the carnase of merchandise is £2,580 14s. Id., as against £3,284 19s. 3d, for the same period of lost year, showing a reduction of £704 53, 2d. Tbe total returns for the month amount to £9,823 18s. 7d., as against £10,399 15s. 6d" showing a reduction, as compared with last yeat's returns, of £573163. lOd. The aggregate returns to date amount to £30,717 lu. 4d., as against £ôl,4dl 0s. 8d. to tho 23rd March last year, showing a reduction of £713 9i. 4d., as compared with last year's returns, with two days' extra traffic. The weekly average is £2,654 12s, Id., as against £2,083 2s. 8d., the average last year, showing a weekly falling off in the present yoar's returns of £28 IOs. 7d. THE WEATHER. The weather during tho early part of the month was oxtremely hot and oppressive. For seven or eight days the heat was intense. On the 2nd the thermometor at the Obser vatory registered 94'6° in the shade, and on tho 6th it rose to 96 0°. Such a temperature has not been reached at this time of the year since 1868, when 104'G°iwas recordod. A change took place on the 8th, and for several days cool, enjoyable weather was experienced. On Monday morning an equi- noctial gale of unusual severity set in, and has continued up to the present - The s.s. Northumberland, which loft Sandridge pier on her voyage to London on Monday after- noon, has been unable to got out of the bay owing to tho severe weather. Several smaller steamers are in a like predicament. No disasters at sea have been reported as yot, but tbe coffer-dam at the Alfred Graving dock, Williamstown, gave way yesterday. THE VOLUNTEERS. The Easter campaign of volunteers, which we mentioned iu our last summary, is now exciting great interest in volunteer circles. The arrangements are fully completed, and all that remains to be seen is whether the weather, which has within the lost few days been violently disturbed by an equinoctial gale, will permit them to be carried out. The plan of action is as follows :-The up- country corps are to come to town to-night or early on Friday (to-morrow) morning, and are to be accommodated at the Victoria Bar- racks, either in the building itself or in tents in the barrack yard. The men will then (on condition that the weather is fine and the atmospheric indications thoroughly favourable) be marched out to ground ex- tending some distance inland from the coast between Brighton and the Black Rook, beyond the Red Bluff, and not far from Mordialloc. The furthest inland point will be about two miles seaward of Cheltenham. The manoeuvres will take place in a large heathy open space, the locality abounding with deep ferns, wood for fires, and fresh water, and proximity to the coast will enable sea-bathing. On Friday and Saturday the force will be divided into two bodies, one under the command of Col. W. A. D. Ander- son, the commandant, and the other under Lieutenant-Colonel Rede, the senior field- officer. These bodies will represent oppos- ing forces, the vanguards, out-posts, &c.;, being a reality, while the presence of the main body will be only assumed. The officers commanding these two divi- sions will manoeuvre at discretion, with this necessary limit, that the front of either shall not exceed one mile The weather remaining fine, the troops will bivouac on Friday and Saturday nights, keeping the field till Sunday night. On Easter Sunday there will be Divine service and other observ- ances proper for the day. Tbe very rev. the dean of Melbourne has promised to conduct the Church of England services on that occasion. The entire force will be back in town on Easter Monday morning, to muster somewhere to the north of Melbourne, and from thence to march through the city on to their respective stations, in order to take their share in the combined naval and military operations in defence of Melbourno which are then to take place. In these the Cerberus and Nelson will take part, but the Victoria is not regarded as fit for action. If this programme is interfered with by wet weather, the force will be kept in their barracks and orderly-rooms, and get the best military practice possible under the circum- stances. RACING. The autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, which came off on the 8th and 9th March, was one of the most unsuccessful meetings ever held by the club, The entries were greatly below the average, and tho attendanco on both days'was smaller than what may be seen at any country mooting. No doubt the gloomy appearance of the sky prevented many from venturing out, but tho misbehaviour of several of the members of the betting ring had so disgusted people with racing, that they declined to attend. The Hurdle Race was won by Hotspur, beating five othors. Only four started for the St. Leger, whioh waa won with the greatest ease by Hamlet, who was in very soft condition. King of tho Ring won the Ascot Valo Stakes after a close finish with Argus Scandal and Blue Peter. The three quarters of a milo was done in lmin. 21eec. There wero oight starters for the Australian Cup, which resulted in a dead heat between Flying Dutchman and Saladin. After tho last race of the day-the £100 Plate, which was won by Flying Scud boating nine others -the pair carno out again, and again they ran a dead heat. A short interval was allowed, and both horses came out, tho owner of each horse being confident of victory. The horses went away together, and ran almost abreast the whole distance, tho struggle up the straight boing a very severo one, the little Arab Saladin securing tho victory by a short half length. Both horses are aged ; Saladin is by Pegasus, an Arab horse. He carried 7st 81b. Flying Dutchmen is by Peter Wilkins, and carried 7st. Rib. Tho distance, two miles and a quarter, was done the first time in 4m. 12s., and 4m. 15s. tho two last heats. Tbe second day Warrior won the Grand Stand Stakes with the greatest ease ; only two others started. Belpbegor won the Nursery Handicap, Argus Soandal being second ; five othors started. Detective won the Autumn Handi- cap, beating seven others, after a good race. Warrior won the Town Plate with ease, neither Confessa nor Hamlet being able to make him extend himself. Babbler won the Steeplechase», never making the slightest mistake all the journey. Rambler won tho Heiter Skelter, and was bought in by his owner after giving £22 to the club funds. Flying Scud was claimed, and his owner had to pay £26 for the privilego of keeping him. This brought tbe meeting to a close. Tho booth-holders have made a considerable lossoa tbemeeting, and the club will boabont£500out. The Kyneton races came off on the 18th March, and proved a great success.^ Tho enlarged stand was crowded, and it was estimated that there were over 7.000 peoplo on tbe course. Nearly a thousand visitors went up from Melbourno. The hurdle race 1 was won by Western ; only two others started. (Frantic won the Maiden Plate, for which three started. Gleolito, by Angler, won the Kyneton Handicap, after a good finish with Planet. Babbler won the Steeplechase with the greatest eaio. The Selling Ruco was carried off by Nonsenso. Planet, by Panic, won the Lauriston Handicap, in which Cleo lito fell and broke her thigh. She died the same night. The attempts on the part of some of the members of tbo Grand National Hunt com- mittee to extend rule 30, so as to prevent the Victorian steeplechase horse Dutchman from running in England, has not met with much -favour among racing mon in Victoria. VVhon the Dutchman was shipped for England by Mr. D. Jones, that gentleman was generally complimentod on his spirit in selecting the char»»mon cross-country horse of Victoria to try» nclusions with the English steeple- chasers. It was of coarse well known that -tbe- former owner and tho horse wero disqua- lified for ever in Victoria, and the objoct of the disqualification was considered to be fully attained by the consequent reduction in the price of the horse. No ono ever dreamt that the matter would be taken up in England, and had the question even been mooted, there is no doubt, so great was the admiration felt for Mr. Jones's spirited attempt to provo the .value of the Victorian horses, that the disquali- fication would bave been removed almost as soon as asked for, in order to allow the horso a fair chance in tho old country. That this view of the matter .was very general is evidont from the tone of the sporting press ia this colony. Apart from the attempt to prevent the horse running, "the manner in which ho has been treated by "the handicappers in England has provoked -very unfavourable comment among the «owners of racehorses iu Victoria. The ques- tion of sending one of our best flat-race lorses to England has often been discussed 1ère, but if they are to be treated by the handicappers as tho Dutchman has been treated by the handicappcr for the Liverpool 'Grand National Steeplechase, the idea may be at onco abandoned. That a horso sent from the opposite end of the world, utterly unused to tho stylo of country he would have to travel over, with insufficient timo to get into condition and to bear, for the first time, the rigours of an English winter, should be weighted only a stone bolow the best horse in England, looks very like handicapping hita -out of the race. In the United Kingdom Handicap the handicapper has treated the "Victorian horse more leniently, and should he not be disqualified, it is expected that Mr. \- Jonos will send his horso for this race. The injustice of the weights is all the more apparent when it is considered that Dutch- man is only a half-bred horse, while most of the animals ho will have to meet are thoroughbred. The solo of the yearlings from the breeding establishments of Messrs. J. R. Hunter, of "Woodstock, and H. Phillips, of Bryan o' Iiynn, was held on the llth March, at Kirk's Bazaar. The biddings were very languid from the first. In Mr. Hunter's lot a very hand- some chejnut colt, by Peter Wilkins out of Juliet, brought 510 guiñóos. A very powerful bay colt, out of Omen by Peter Wilkins, was sold for 210 -guineas, Seven fillies by Peter "Wilkins were knocked down at prices ranging irom 29 guineas to 70 guineas. Mr. Phillips's yearlings did not excito much competition. Tive fillies by Panic realised from 31 guineas to 100 guineas. A colt by Panic out of Hester Grazebrook was withdrawn, but afterwards sold for 250 guineas. The following are tho particulars of the sale : The Property of Mr. J. B. Hunter._ Y-MRLIKOS, Guineas lot l-Oheanut colt by Potor Wilkins, out ol Jullot-Ur. Ryan _ _ 510 lot 2-Bay colt Storm Klug, by Peter Wilkin!, out of Omon-Mr Block- _.210 lot 8-Brown filly by Potor Wilkins, out of If -Mr. Murphy. " 45 Xotá-Dark bay filly by Potor Wilkins, out of -dvinturo-Mr Korro ...70 lot 6-B»y filly by Peter Wilkin», out of Ro«o mary (¡mp )-Mr By»n.70 Xot B-B»y lilly by Potor Wilkins, out of Ma- vourneen- Mr. Cassidy.50 Tlot 7-Brotrn filly Clifton, by Pater Wilkins, out of Bosamon--Mr --.35 lot 8-Bay filly Presumption, by Peter Wilkin«, out of Audacity-Mr. Atkinson .. ,. ,. 11 Xot 0-Bay filly by Poter WIlklnB. out of Fairy -Mr.L-L. Smith.29 Total .106O Avoimre. _ 117J The Property of Mr. H. Phillips. ÏEiEHNSS. Guineas. _otl-Brown filly by Panlo, dam Flying Doe Mr. Lan-r .100 Lot 2-Black filly by Paulo, dam Eos«-Mr. Murphy.50 Xot 8-Bay lilly by Ponto, dam Myth-Mr. W. lang.. .60 Xot i-Bay filly by Panlo, dam Loulso-Mr. D'Aroby . _ 40 ¡Xot 6-Bronn filly by Panic, dam Phlllls-Mr. Murphy . _ .. 30 Xot 6-Bay filly by ¿thoa, dim Míenlo-Mr. Da\ii_ . " .. 88 Total . _ 318 Average.63 TWO nuit OLDS. .Xot 7-Bay lilly by Panlo, dam Janie ; engaged Derby and Oafee, 1872-Hr. Block ..~ ..40 Xot 8- Bay lilly by Piule, out of Miss Napier Mr. Murphy. - .. .. 41 THREE TKAR-OLD Xot 0-Bay filly by Paulo, out of Buttoifly Mr. S.Waldook.51 On Account of Mr, Abraham Lincolne. Guineas 'B'nck colt Prince ol Darknoss, by Lucifer, out ol Black Gipsy- Mr. J. 0. Addis .. ..61 0UT-DO0E AMUSEMENTS, Over 2,000 people assembled on the ground -of thoM.C.C. last Saturday week to witness 'Some athletic sports in which tbo principal attraction -was a five- mile race between Frank1 Hewitt and Young Bedford, tho latter receiv- ing 300 yards start. Hewitt won easily, tho timo being 29m. 37s, Bedford's performance uvas a disappointment, he having done the same distance in three minutes less time before. Ledger, his trainer, accused him of laving sold the race, and threatened legal proceedings for conspiracy against several Versons, but the dispute has been settled, Ledger, it is stated, having received a sum of money to compromiso the matter. The race was evidently sold. The Melbourne Annual Regatta was held on 'the Upper Yarra last Saturday and Monday. Owing to attractions elsewhere on Saturday, the attendance was not so large as usual, and tbe sports were rather disappointing, the -majority of the evonts being poorly contested, "ho first neat of the Challenge Sculls was a walk-over for James Cazaly, and two other events wore decided in the same un- satisfactory manner. The first two heats for the Challenge Cup were, however, splendidly -lowed, both events being won by scarcely a length. In tbe first the Melbourne crew beat the Civil Service, and the former had to sub-1 mit to defeat at the hands of the University. '¿The second day of the regatta was less suc- cessful than the first, tbe rain causing the ?attendance to be of a very limited character. ¡There was, however, some very good racing during the afternoon. The Challenge Sculls «vere won by James Cazaly, and the Grand Challenge Cup by the University four, beating the Eiohmond crow by several lengths. The Intercolonial Cricket Match between Victoria and New South Wales begins on the -ground of the M.O.C. on Saturday. Both sides bring strong teams into the field, and -an excellent match is anticipated. THE THEATRES, &o.; The principal dramatic performances at the Theatre Iioyal since the departure of tho last mail have been an American version of ffcnnyson'fl "EnochArden" and "TheStreets of New York"-the latter a re-hash of Boucicault's " Fraud and its Victims "-in ]both of which Mr. Jas. Carden, an American actor, has appeared. The poetic drama seems to bo unsuited to Mr. Carden's style, but he .wasliighly successful as the adventurer Badgor ' in "The Streets of New York," a part which is well flavoured with American humour. Ho: ¿as also appeared in some Irish characters of ' less interest. Mr. Carden was gaining in I favour, when the destruction of the Theatre ? Itojol by firo, which is described elsewhere, 1 trought his engagement at that house to a premature close. This disaster suddenly threw out of employment somo 60 or CO -persons, many of whom also lost property in the fire they could ill spare. Tho only othor theatre in the city-the Princess's-was undor engagement to Mr. W. S. Lyster for a season, of opera, but be very kindly placod it at the disposal of the Theatre Boyal company free of charge for five nights, and special perform- ances have been given in aid of the sufferers hy the fire. Mr. Coppin has obtained a further lease of St. George s-hall for si: mouths, and tho Theatre Royal company will open there on Easter Monday. A great deal of sympathy is felt for the many persons thrown out of employment by the, destruction of the Royal, and various schemes have been suggested to raise funds for their relief, including a fancy dress ball in tho Town-ball. A very successful effort in aid of this object was made last Saturday, when a cricket match was played on the Melbourne ground by members of the Boyal) company in character costamo. This novel idea was excellently carried out, and a sum of upwards of £200 was obtained clear of all expenses. The two clovens impersonated favourite dramatic characters, and the spectators were abundantly amused by the varying incidents of tho game-Paul Pry (Mr. Coppin), Dundreary (Mr. Stewart), Enoch Arden (Mr. Carden), That Rascal Jack (Mr. John Dunn), A. Party by the Name of Johnson (Mr. Greville), &c;, all contributing in their several characteristic ways to the public entertainment. Over4,0oO people visited the ground in the courso of the afternoon. The Glascott Amateur Dramatic Society gave a voiy fair representation of tho comedy of "Caste" at the Princess's Theatre last Monday week. The performance was re- peated on Tuesday last, for the benefit of the sufferers by the fire. Mrs, Mary Glads tano has returned from Tasmania, and is makins a tour of tho pro- vinces. Lewis's company is still at Calcutta, Mr.Tavares has latterly met with poor success in Now Zealand, but talks of going into management at Lyttolton. MUSIC. Thero has been little doing in public music this month. The short season of opera given by the Agatha States opera troupe carno to an end on the 9th inst. This company has had but small success so far, although in some representations their efforts were most meri- torious, and notably so ia the case of Gounod's " Faust," which, so far as the principals are concerned, was the best performance of that work that has been given here. It Bhoald be observed that in this work the Italian company was materially strengthened by the prosonce of Mr.Beaumont (tenor) and MissLucyChambers (contralto), from Mr. Lyster's opera troupe. Against the performance of " Faust," which was exceptionally good, must bo sot off the production of "Lo Travia ta," which was a superlative effort of oxactly the opposite kind. The other works produced by them were "Lucia," "Un Bailo," and "IVespri Sicilioni," the last- named beinjj performed for the benefit of the prima donnai Madame States, The "off nights" of the Italian season were filled in by Mr. Lyster's .English opera company, with tho " Grand Duchess," "Tho Bohemian Girl," and "Fra Diavolo," with Miss Alice May, Mr. Beaumont, and Mr. Rainford in the principal parts. The Princess's Theatre was then closed, and exten- sive preparations havo since been going on for the production on Saturday next, the 30th inst, of the "Orphée aux Enfers," by Offen- bach, for which new scenery has boon painted by Mr. Hennings, the talented artist, formerly of the Theatre Royal It is intended to make this piece especially attractive for the Easter season. Miss Schiller gave one concert during the month at tho Town-hall, which was crowded, and showed that the artistic excel- lence of this young lady is held in the highest esteem here in Melbourne. The selections were all of a high class, and the performance generally ono of great morit The names ongagod in this, which may be considered tho musical event of the month, wore-Miss Schiller, and Messrs. Buddee, Siede, E King, Montague, and Marsh, instrumentalists; Mrs. Cutter, Mrs. Smythe, and Mr, Beaumont, solo vocalists, and the men's choir of the Melbourne German Liedertafel. The affairs of this last named society are now in avery flourishing condition, and at a periodical entertainment given by them on the 25th inst. a valuable testimonial was presented to thoir honorary secretary, Mr. Martin. The Melbourne Philharmonic So- ciety give a concert of selected sacred music on Good Friday night at the Town-ball, with' Mr. Beaumont, Miss Christian, Madame States, and Signori Cecchi, Orlandini, and Susini for principals, with orchestral accom- paniment. A Bimilar affair will bo given by the Carandini Company, assisted by Mrs., Cutter, Signor Giorza (pianist), and others, at the Princess's Theatre on the samo night. A vocal and instrumental concert of a good stamp takes place on the 28th, to colebrato the opening of the new Temperance hall just completed in Russell- street, and tho Early Closing Association commence their second series of popular concerts on the 30th, with a benefit for the sufferers by the late calamitous uro at the Theatre Royal. During tho month the States troupe and a small draft of the English opera company have visited some of the inland towns with moderate succoss. The Cagli-Pompei opera company are now perform- ing in Adelaide ; they are to return here for tbo Italian opera season, which will commence in the middle of May. when they will be reinforced by several Italian artists from Calcutta. Amongst these report speaks very highly of the prima donna, SignoraEurichetta Bosisio. The Melbourne Amateur Orchestral Society are steadily in practice upon works of magnitude. Tho erection thus far of the great Melbourne organ has materially improved the acoustic qualities of the Town-hall. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. Tho following is a list of the deaths (ex elusivo of natives) that have taken place in the Melbourno Hospital since our last Sum- mary, specifying, as far as are known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages places of birth, date of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and tbo causes of, death :- I Allen, Mary, machinist, aged 45, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1853, by the Utopia ; died March 12, of congestion of lungs, i Ford, John, maltster, aged 62, native of London ; arrived in 1859, by the Constitu- tional ; died February 29, of phthisis. Fugere, Alexander, labourer, aged 27, native of Nova Scotia ; arrived in 1806, by tho Thetis ; died March 9, of a wound in the chest accidentally received. Fredericks, Jane, asea 40, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1846, by the Wilson ; died March 11, of albuminurea. Griffiths, Thomas, miller, aged G2, native1 of Wales ; arrivod in 1852, by the Sarah' Sands ; died February 24, of biliary calculi. Gildersleve, John, fruiterer, aged 47, native I of London ; arrived in 1857, by tho Bising Sun ; died Maroh 8, of phthisis, . Hickey, John, nailmaker, aged G9, native I of Ireland; arrived in 1863, by the Pheonix ;i died March 6, of malignant disease of inferior maxilla, Howes, Robert, bootcutter, i aged 32, native of Kent; ship and dato of arrival unknown; died March 23, of dysentery. ' Jackson, John W" clerk, aged 40, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1850, by tho James ; died March 10, of phthisis. Lindsey, Clarence, miner, aged 32, native of Cincinnatti ; arrived in 1802, by the Morn- ing Star ; died March l8, of raorbus cordis mitral. Moroner. John, labourer, agod 35, native of Ireland ; ship and date of arrival unknown ; died February 22, of uremia. Maxwell, Wil- liam, labourer, aged CO, native of Notting- ham ; arrived in 1835, by the Circassian ; died March 4, of dysentery. M'Kenzie, Kenneth, labourer, aged 30, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1862, by the Southern Cross ; died March 14, of dysentery. M'Cormack, John, cordial maker, aged 25, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852, by the Coromandel ; died March 15, of exhaustion from necrosis of femur. Norris, Wm. F., watchman, og«d 57, native of Portsmouth ; arrived in 1846, by tbo Cressy ; died March 20, of phthisis. Sampson, Matthew, carponter, aged 43, native of Cornwall ; arrived in 1830, by the Guy Mannering ; died February 28, of phthisis. Shacklock, John, law writer, aged 62, native of Cambridgeshire ; arrivod in 1841, ship unknown; died March 9, of dysentery. Swonnell, Frederick, coachman, aged 40, native of Bedfordshire ; arrived in 1851, ship unknown ; died March 10, of morbus cordis. i Simmons, Hy., coachman, aged 52, native of Surrey; arrived in 1835, by tho Sir George Seymour j died March 20, of fever and psnuraoma. Webster, Henry, carpenter, aged 37, native of Berwick-on-Tweed ; ship and date of arrival unknown ; died March 10, of accidental injuries from a fall Waite, Mary Ann, aged 32, native of Belfast ; arrivod in 1853, by tho Europia; died March 25, of pneumonia, INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The elections of the last four weeks, like thoso of February, have chiefly gone against ho Government, Sir James Martin got in for East Macquarie, but was a long woy from the top of the poll, To be tokon in under tho wing of " Billy Cummings " is not to re-entor Parliament under circumstances of very groat dignity. Three Ministers havo failed to got elected-Mr. Byrnes, Minister of Works; Mr. Wilson, Minister of Lands; and Mr. Windeyer, Solicitor-General. Latterly, the subject of tbo Border duties has been dropped out of sight, and elections docidod on purely local questions. Estimates of the results of the election vary ; but Ministors will be in a minority of 12 ot least, it is said. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce has passed a resolution for co-operating with the Melbourno Chamber to urge upon the two Governments the duty of aiding Queensland to guarantee interest to any company which will lay a cabio from Normantown to Java. A horrible .discovery has been made in Sydney, and the mysterious disappearance lately of several persons accounted for. The body of a man named John Bridger, late a stoward of H.RI.S. .Rosario, was found in the Parramotta Biver, mutilated, arid held ander water by a heavy stone. Bridger had left Sydney to onter into an engagement with " a storekeeper np the Parramatta Eiver." When inquiries came to be made it appeared that tho storekeeper was a myth, and that Bridger had been murdered by tho persons who pre- tended to have procured employment for him. Two persons were apprehended, George Bobort Nicholls, a butcher, and a youth named Alfred Lester aita« Proude. They had left a bag of clothes belonging to Bridger, with tho name cut off, in a saleroom. A silver presentation watch with the inscription "Presented to W. P. Walker by the M. H. Congregation" was found on Lester. Prisoners occupied a room on Strawberry bill, where a quantity of clothing marked ;'W.P.W."wa9 found. This led to further inquiries, and it was then ascertained that a Mr. W. P. Walker had left Sydney on tbe 13th inst for "a situation up the Parra- matta River." Tho river was searched, and Mr. Walker's body was fonnd, in the same state as Bridger's. Death had been caused by blows on the head. The facts brought out at the inquest on Mr. Walker's body were theso:-Mr. Walker was from Avoca, Victoria, where he had been a clerk and bookkeeper, and had gone to Sydney for the purposo of procuring employ- ment. He lived for about a fortnight in the house of a Mrs. Stevenson, who kept a registry office in Bridge-street. On the 13th inst. he left. He had answered an advertise- ment in the newspapers for a clerk for a country store ; and had received a note signed " Norton," telling him his services were accepted. The store was in the ' Bathurst district," but Walkor was to go up the Parramatta Biver. Two men (who turned out to bo the prisoners) called on him, and made arrangements with him for his depar- ture. He waa seen to go down to the Parramatta steamer wharf, thora the prisonors had engaged a boat. Prisonors met bim there. They took chargo of his box, which on some pretence they carried away to a public house. Walker was last seen alive in their company, at that house. Several persons whom Walker had spoken to about the situation regarded the adair as very suspicious, on account of the manner in which the appointment was given, and the direction Walker was to take ; but ho would not bo persuaded to seek the advico of the police. On tho Wodnosday he want away with the prisoners. On the Thursday the prisoners hired a room in Holt-street, Strawberry-hill, and took thither next day several boxes, which contained clothes marked "Vf. P. W." and "John Bridger." They said their names were Ellis and Sorgeant, and that they had just come ashore from a ship, Prisoners have been found guilty by the coroner's jury of wilful murder. Nicholls wished to turn Queen's evidence, bnt as he seemed tho principal in the affair the authorities would not hear of it. Both had been convicted on the 10th May, 1870, and sentenced to two years' imprison- ment for a series of petty larcenies ; but they appear to have been let off part of the sentence. Nicholls has been frequently con- victed. One of the crimes they pleaded guilty to on the former occasion was the entrapping of a young man, who escaped from them, but lost his clothes and other property. The motive in tho present imtanca appears to have been robbery. A third murder is suspected to havo been committed by them. Mr. Walker is believed by the police to have been the school teacher who had to quit the Avoca district on account of a charge of criminal assault on a boy, which was dis- missed. The mining excitement continues, and companies appear to be formed with readi- ness There has boen a little sharp practice in the formation of two companies. Pro- moters reserved the bulk of the capital for themselves, and called up a small payment ou the shares they offered to the public. It was then announced that dividends would be paid on the full amount of the promoters' shares, but only on the paid up portion of other shares. A disagreement naturally occurred where this was attempted. Promotors of companies now advertise that promoters and outside shareholders shall share alike. The Bov. W. B. Clarke, geologist, has lately paid a visit to Tambaroora, and taken a ten-acre lease, and has formed a very high opinion of the auriferous treasures of the district. Machinery is going up very fast, and in about six months' time we shall be in a bettor position to say what is the average pro- ductiveness of Tambaroora quartz. The managers of the oil-producing industry bave been making very considerable progress of late. The manufacturers are selling off the existing stock of oil at a reduced price, and aro going to start afresh with a new brand indicative of a superior quality, and now that they think they have conquered the difficulties they are extending their operations, so as to Bupply the local market entirely. BIVEBINA. The Sydney journals publish returns of the February collections of customs duties at the several Murray ports. The total amount is £2,588 6s. 3d,, of which -611 was collected at Wentworth on South Australian goods ; if £1,310 5s. be added to represent the amount collected at Adelaide on New South Wales account, a total of £3,907 10s. 3d. will be' obtained, equal to £47,884 per annum. Vic- torian collections were given at £125, but tho, amount is understated. At presont there is very little export trade from Riverina. No conclusion of any value can yet be drawn from returns. The Albury people now hope for an early abandonment of the duties, in consequence of the declared ma- jority against the Martin Government. "The Victorian market must bo oponed again, or tbere can bo no peace with Sydney." At Deniliquin, persons think that the squatters have their land on too liberal terms to render it just, iu any bargain with Victoria, to let them have it on the same terms for 25 years more. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. For the last two or three months the public have been greatly misled by reports as to the time when the overland telegraph wire would likely be opened. It was to have been finished in February lost. Now we hear that it can scarcely be roady before the ond of July. On the 16th December last there were 392 milos of uncompleted line between the northern end of section E and a section 226 miles in length running southwards from Port Darwin. Of tbese 302 miles, about 140 miles, in continuation of the 226, were in the hands of two construction parties, who were going ahead at the rate of from three to four miles a week. One was to finish by the end of March, the other in June. To meet them, a third construction party had commenced to pole northwards from section E, and by tho 20th December had accom- plished 50 miles. This left 200 miles un- accounted for, in December, between the outmost point reached by the southern party and the Daly Waters, where the second northern patty ended. On December 20\. Mr. Burton, in charge of a party appointed to begin at Daly Waters, and work south- wards, was 45 miles distant from the point where he was to begin. Wet weather had soriously delayed his teams, but it is believed ho was on the ground by the end of January. If he has made fair progress he ought to have finished 20 miles by this time. Taking it for granted that the speed will bo increased as the weather improves, and that the party who are to finish in March will move down to help Mr. Burton, then it is calculated that the whole of the work will be finished in July. As regards tho horse-express which is to be established in the meantime over the un- finished work, there are 300 miles of country to traverse. Mr. King was to leave the Roper River before tho close of February, and oujjht to have got his service organised by the third week in April ; but to speculate when mes- sages will como through would only mislead people. Communications from Mr. Todd, the general superintendent of telegraphs, were received up to February 26. From his accounts the Roper must he a splendid river. The s.s. Omeo ascended 100 miles. The stream was navigable' for that distance by vessels drawing"14ft. water, Telegrams can now be sent daily from Fort Augusta to Ten nant's Creek, northern end of Section E, a distance of 1,170 miles into the interior. The blacks have been mischievous in one placo. They have carried off insulators and pulled down wires. Mr. A. G. Burt, in a journey down the line, encountered two mobs, but was able to ward off attack. A vast fresh- water lako was discovered wost of Ashburton Range. Northward of the settled districts, abundance of luxuriantly grassod country was traversed. Everywhere, during the late mid- summer season, the rains have beon hoavy. Three months of Hoods a short time back, and the stoppage of northom works, during the favourable soason of 1871, owing to dis- putes with contractors, have boon put down as the cause of tho whole delay. Another chango of Government has oc- curred. Mr. Ayers has gone out, reconstructed his Cabinet, and come in again without Mr. Boucaut, for his Attorney-General. The offices are distributed as follows :-Mr. Ayers, Chief Secretary; Mr. J. H Barrow, Treasurer; Mr. T. Reynolds, Commissioner of Crown Lands ; Mr. Cavenagh, Commissioner of Public Works ; Mr. Stevenson, Attorney General. Parliament stands adjourned till April». J . Roman Catholic Bishop Shiel, last month reported to be very ill, died on the 1st March. Dr. Shiel was formerly in charge of the Ballarat district. He arrived in Ballarat about the year 1858, having como to Victoria for tho good of his health, which had been -much impaired by his labours in St. Patrick's, in the city of Cork-one of tbe largest parishes in Ireland. In the year 18G8 he was conse- crated bishop of Adelaide. Tho deceased was of an advanced age. Father Reynolds has been appointed to administer the affairs of the diocese. TASMANIA. A Launceston paper, the Cornwall Chro- nicle, saya:-"It would seom that if the Government and Parliament of this colony do not feel disposed to favour its political union with Victoria, the people themselves aro mightily in clined to unite with that colony. We have before us the population returns, published by the registrar-general of Victoria, for tho year 1870, from which it appears that the immigration from Tasmania to Victoria during tho year was 5,524 souls, the emigration to Tasmania only 3,102 souls, leaving an excess of 2,422 persons who have gone over to tho more wealthy colony in a single year. . . . . . Nothing can account for the great disproportion in this excess save tho fact that Tasmamans are determined to become Vic- torian, whether our wiseacre politicians like it or no." In the Anglican Synod a motion has been passed to ask the Rev. W. Hayward, formerly of Kow, near Melbourne, certain questions relative to alleged ritualistic practices at his church at Port Arthur ; and in tho event of his returning affirmative replies, that the rev. gentleman be prohibited from continuing them ; and in the event of his continuing such practices, that he be prohibited from preaching within the diocese. Tho proceed- ings in the synod were disorderly and quarrel- some. The North Germanimmigrant sbipEugenie, Captain Voss, from Hamburg October 20, ar- rived on March 24. She brings 198 immi- grants. Eleven deaths occurred on the voyage, principally children, Mr. Buck, the immi- gration agent, has returned. QUEENSLAND. The official report of the Government agent on board the Ly ttona on her last labour cruise says :-" In conclusion, I havo only to remark that I have never seen any inclination dis- played on the part of the captain or crew of the Lyttona to kidnap, or take away against their inclination, any of those islanders. They have all come of their own froo will, and no undue influence or coercion has been used in inducing thom to come to Queens- land. They have had plenty to eat and drink, and were, while on board, about as happy and contented a lot of fellows as any one would wish to see. As far as the captain is concerned, I consider him a careful and competent seaman, and universally good tempered and considerate to his crow and all those on board his vessel." The Kanaka question has cropped up again in quite au unsuspected manner, two adven- turous young Englishwomen having been united, a few weeks ago, for bettor for worse, to two natives of Lifu, who purpose to carry their prizes home por the first recruiting vessel from Brisbane. The Brisbane Courier objects to tho descrip- tion which Mr. Anthony Trollope has given of the Queensland farmers. There is a sub- stratum of truth in Mr. Trollope's description, At the same time, many of the farmers throughout the southern districts are un- doubtedly in prosperous circumstances, and their position will improve with the increase of the population of the colony. Still, with the exception of sugar and cotton, it may be broadly stated that no crops are raised for export. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Public affairs are written of in a desponding spirit. The Legislative Council elections were to take place about this time, but up to the 29th February, when the last news came, little interest was manifested in them. At present, much inconvenience is felt from the long delays which take place in having to refer every measure of importance to England for approval. In the case of the Loan Bill, passed at the last session of the Legislative Council, although it is only for a trifling amount, six months have now elapsed and no answer has yet boen received from the Colonial Office. The conduct of the home Government towards this colony has at all times been selfish and arbitrary, but latterly (says our correspondent) it has been positively mean and unjust. Solemn engagements formerly entered into have been broken and repudiated on the most paltry pretexts witness the agreement to send out a definite number of free emigrants to this country, which the Imperial authorities now refuse to act up to, on the plea that there is no cer- tainty that emigrants landed' in Western Australia would permanently abide there. The jarrah timber trade is progressing, and can really be reported of favourably. NEW ZEALAND. Little of more than local interest has occurred during the month. Since Parlia- ment has risen there has been no political news of any moment. It is rumoured that Mr. Bathgate, one of the members for Otago, has been invited to join the Cabinet as Solicitor-General. There are aigns already that education will be one of the principal questions which will engage the attention of Parliament next session. The subject is being actively discussed in Otago Province, which has always taken a loading part in educational matters. An association has been formed at Dunedin for the promotion of a national system of education. The example tot by Otago last year in establishing a pro- vincial school, for the purpose of affording facilities for the daughters of settlers acquiring a superior education, is being followed by Canterbury Provinco. It is now definitely decided that the next session of Parliament will be held at Wellington, and not at Dunedin, as contemplated. The feelings of irritation and jealousy in the native mind are being gradually allayed under the judicious policy adopted by the Government The celebrated William King, of Waitara, who for many years past has sullenly isolated himself in the Upper Waitara district, and resolutely refused the proffered civilities of successive Gover- nors and Governments, has recently, quite unsolicited, paid a visit to the native minister, Mr. M'Loan, at New Plymouth, He was accompanied by a numerous band of warriors-some hundreds in number-but, although tbey remained in the town for several days, the utmost ordor and disciplino was preserved. The meeting between this powerful chief and Mr. M'Loan is considered indicative of a desire on the part of William King to in future live on friendly terms with the settlers, and the amicable tone of a large meeting of natives held at Parihaka, at which he was present, confirms that view. Te Kooti is supposed to be hiding in the wild country at the back of Poverty Bay. Several more of bis followers have been captured, but tho wily rebel continuos to baffle his pursuers. Severe weather has beon experienced along the coast of New Zealand, and a great gale, which occurred on February 21, occasionod considerable damage to Port Chalmers and Charleston. Subscriptions in aid of the sufferers by tho recent floods at Greymouth have been received from all quarters. The emigrant ship England has arrived at Wellington. During her voyago from London the mortality on board was unusually high. Thirteen children and three adults died from measles. Further evidence has transpired respecting the criminal. Cyrus Haley, who has boen committed for trial at Auckland, for attempted murder and incendiarism. It is suspected that many fires which occurred during the post 12 months aro attributable to him. _ FIJI. The path of the Government of Fiji sooms to be beset with difficulties. A great deal of dissatisfaction exists, and Messrs. Burt and Woods, the two most prominent members of the Ministry, have been called upon to resign, a request whioh they steadfastly refuse to grant. In retaliation for somo severe com- ments on bis antecedents in Sydney, Mr. Bart has commenced an action for libol against the proprietor of the Fiji Times. Mr. R. W. Hamilton has accepted the offico of Attorney-General, and tho chief justiceship of Fiji has been offered to Mr. St Julian, law reporter for the Sydney Morning Herald. Two Government vessels followod tho Auckland schooner Letitia to sea, on the 10th February, and fired at hor. The captain was compelled to roturn to Levuka, on the ground that he had never paid the loading duos, which, he asserts, were nevor asked for. It appears that the return to Levuka of Cakobau's schooner the Jeannie Duncan on tho 20th February, after a cruiso amongst tbe islands collecting taxes, was an event of great interest to the creditors of the Govern- ment. All holders of Treasury paper imme- diately improved the'occasion by rushing to get their notes cashed, and the Finance department had an air of unwonted activity. However, it docs not appear that the opera- tion went off so successfully as could have been desired. At a subsequent discussion which arose in the Chamber of Commerce on Ibis matter, it was stated that the Govern- ment was unable to take up its notes on presentation, and was only meeting them at the rate of 10s. ia the pound. At the closo of the discussion, the following resolutions were then adopted : - " This chamber adopts the principle that all paper issuo payable on demand is currency and a legal tender. The Government having to-day dishonoured a number of their Treasury notes, it is tho opinion of this chamber that tbey cannot bo included in tbe currency." There is some talk of an effort being made to raise a Fijian loan in Sydney. A decree has been made in the Admiralty jurisdiction of the Supreme Court for the sale of the English schooner Volunteer, on a sui,t for wages. The British Consul, who denies the right of the Fijian Government and courts to exercise any jurisdiction as rosards the persons and property of domiciled British subjects until there shall have beon a full and formal recognition of such Government and courts on the part of Her Majesty, has protested against the whole proceeding. \- An important trial has taken place at Levuka, which will tend very much to the crodit of the Fiji Government amongst civi- lised communities. Readers will remember tbo shocking murder which occurred in November last on board the schooner Cam- bria, of two young Europeans named Palford and Thorpe. These young fellows had been left in charge of two prisoners, Malicola men, who had deserted from their service, and had been brought back. They had evidently oscaped from their bonds, and had murdered tho two men who were left in charge of them. The evidence taken at the inquest on the murdered men showed that the two Malicola natives had been treated most in- humanly by their master, Captain Sinclair, and it appeared, owing to the maddening effect of tho usage they had exporienced, that the subsequent tragedy occurred. The Fiji Government considered that the murder was due to the shameful brutality which Sinclair admitted he had been guilty of, and put him on his trial for assaulting the men and for false imprisonment. The case was tried on February 16, before Acting Chief Justice Forwood and a jury of Europeans, The prisoner refused to plead, denying the jurisdiction of the court to try a British sub- ject. The case, however, was sent to trial, and the Acting Chief Justice, in summing up, strongly insisted that persons coming here muBt obey and bo bound by the local laws, and were not to be allowed to escape merely heoause they denied the Court's authority. However, the pleas would be reserved for the opinion of the full Court. The jury found the prisoner guilty in each case of assault, but recommended him to mercy, and in considera- tion of this recommendation and his age, he was sentenced to be imprisoned for six months, and to pay a fine of 300dol. ¡ EXPEDITION TO NEW GUINEA. Sad tidings have been received of the result of an expedition organised in Sydney some months ago to explore New Guinea. After months of preparation the brig Maria was cbortered to convey the adventurers from Sydney. The Maria left Sydney on the 25th January, and arrived within two days' sail of New Guinea on the 12th February, when she was met by a heavy gale from the N.W., which blew for four days, and so injured and strained the ship tbat the captain (Stratman) determined to run for Brisbane (Queensland) to repair. On the 10th February the wind veered round to the southward, and the ship's course was directed towards Cleve- land Bay. The Palm Islands were »ighteä on the night of Sunday, the 25th February, and the vessel was kept standing off and on during the night, About 3 o'clock on the morning of the 2Cth, breakers were seen, and shortly afterwards the ship struck slightly. She was kept away before the wind, and 15 minutes afterwards she wont on to a reef, and remained fast. The boats were got out, rafts were made, and tbe anchor was let go. The pumps wore manned, and the vessel was kept dry. Shortly afterwards the rudder was unshipped, and the sternpost carried away. The leak then gained very fast on the pumps, notwithstanding which the rising tide floated the vessol off, and sho lay swinging to her anchor. About daylight Captain Stratman left the vesel in the second mate's surf boat, with six men, stating that he was going to the shore for assistance. There was no rush made to get into the boat, which left the ship without interference. A raft was launched shortly before 7 o'clock in the morning, and moored astern of the vessel, and all hands were employed in con- structing another one. There was at that time about 6ft. of water in the hold, and the pumps were abandoned. Some of the crew took provisions into the fore and main tops. The stern-boat had in the meantime got adrift with three men in it, and the second whaleboat went to its assistance. The second raft was launched, and there were IB men on it, each up to their hips in water. The water became level with the port covering board of the vessel, and in a few minutes afterwards she fell on her beam ends and sank, leaving six men clinging to her star- board quarter, and 12 moro were on the topmast crosstrees, the only exposed places. The stem-boat was pulled up to the masts, and took oil all but seven, the whaleboat meanwhile taking some off the quarter. The two boats then pulled off for the North Palm Island-15 men in tho stern-boat and 13 in the whaleboat-but were unable to make it, the tide drifting the boat towards Hinchin- brook, the whaleboat parting company, and keeping to tho south. The sternboat made Hinchinbrook on Monday night, the 26th February, and the men slept under it. She was joined on the following morning by the whaleboat and crew. Remained on Hinchin- brook fourdays, then pulled round the south end of the island, through the channel, and reached Cardwell at noon on Sunday, the 3rd March. Two men named Waller and Finnie, who had left the vessel with the captain, arrived in Cardwell, Queensland, on Tuesday, from the North. They reported that they had beon attacked by the blacks, and that Captain Stratman and a -man named Wilson were murdered on the beach, and that three other men who wero in the boat had gone into tho bush, followed by the blacks. The two who had arrived in Cardwell had been five days on the journey. They followed the boaoh, swimming all the creeks until they arrived at Cardwell, one of them, Finnie, having a fearful wound in his head, inflicted by a wooden sword. The Queensland Government immediately despatched vessels in search of the missing men. About a dozen men were discovered and saved ; but the great majority, some 35 persons, are supposed to havo been either drowned while attempting to land, murdered by tho blacks after landing. "COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S. Baroda, Captain D..Ronaldson, with the mails for China, India, and Europe, loft her anchorage in the bay on the afternoon of the 1st instant, at 2 o'clock, * The Peninsular and Oriontal Company's R.M.S. Nubia, with the English, Indian, and China mails inwards, reached Hobson's Bay on the morning of tho 15th instant, at half-past 0 o'clock. The arrival at Sydney por the City of Mel- bourne of the Californian mails, brought for- ward to Auckland by the Nebraska, was telegrapbod here on the afternoon of the 9th inst. .The Nebraska left Honolulu on the 17th February, The English mails bad not arrived at San Francisco, the Union Pacific Railroad being blocked up with snow. In consequence of an arrangement which has been made by tbo Government of Vic- toria with the Hon. Julius Vogel, represent- ing New Zealand, and Mr. Wobb, the ownor of the Pacific mail stoamors, particulars of which will not bo mado public till Parlia- ment meets, a mail was made up boro for California, New York, and England, for trans- mission to the Nebraska at Auckland on the 13th inst. STATE OP TBADE. ___ During the first poriod of the month trade' was not marked by anything to which much interest was attached. Tho excitement in sugar, which was so noticoablo a feature in last month's report, had quietud down again, and business as a rule appeared to be returning to its normal state ; speculation was dormant, and inquiries for goods did not go beyond what was necessitated by actual requirements. The arrival of the Californian mail on tho 9th instant created a good doal of anxiety, owing to the complications which had again arisen in regard to the Alabama ques- tion, but more especially in consequonco of the somewhatsensational aspectin which the news was presented to us through American sources; this was, however, speedily allayed by the more re-assuring nature of the accounts which came to band a few days later'by the Nubia, via Suez, Altogether, the mercantile advices received by the present mail have proved most important and satisfactory; great buoyancy has boen imparted to tho markets, and a feeling of confidence created as to our future prospects such as had not been experienced for a long time before. The further rise of 2d. to 3d. on wool, on the back of a continuous advance throughout the previous season, aggregating 50 per cent, at least, was as unexpected as it was satisfactory, and will doubtless be the means of giving strength and stability once more to station property-on interest which but a short 12 months ago was looked upon as the most dan- gerous and insecure investment going. The rise advised in the value of all metals, and the extraordinary and rapid manner in which that bas been responded to here, has caused very considerable animation in that market, and an improvement in values ranging from 15 to 25 per cent at least has been established. Grocery goods have not beon so much influenced by the advices, and after the first few days the increased demand caused by tho mail news subsided again, and nothing of an unusual character has since beon observed as going on. Our dates from London by post reach to 26th January, and Messrs. Stables, in their circular for that month, put down the gross exports to tho colonies for that period, exclusive of the cargoes of two steamers, valued at £109,000, at £1,060,200, showing a declino of £103,200. The aggregate values for the different colonies aro :-Victoria, £402,3C0, decrease £129.000 ; Sydney, £280,900, increase £19,000 : Adelaide, £95,200, decrease £19,800; Queensland, de- crease £42,200; Swan River, increase £18,100; Tasmanio, increase £23,500; Now Zealand, increase £54,300. Our advices from New York and California reach to 6th February, at whioh date the Eurydice had almost completed her loading for Mel- bourne, to be followed on tho berth by the Sérica, to sail in the end of the month. The Benang and Pelina wero loading at Boston. The Letitia had left San Francisco, for Melbourno, on 2nd February. In the moro prominent operations of tho month, we noto the quittance of almost all the now bulk ale which has yet come to hand, Joule's and the Carlisle Company's being the only brands. In Dundee goods, cornsacks have fallon out of notice, but woolpacks have como into favour again ; and though stocks are not heavy, the quittance of 100 bales was noticed at the close of last week. Boots and shoes have been dealt in to some oxtont. Candles have not been largely sold. Fortland cement meets a ready sale. In chemicals, we note the quittance of 100 tons soda crystals in I one line, wbich purchoso was followed by an advance of 20s. to 30s. per ton. Caustic soda has also risen in value, and on bluestone an ' advance of £4 per ton is sought to bo esta- blished, while a temporary rise on prepared opium of from 3s. to 4s. per tin must not he passed over. In coffee, the salo of the Restless's cargo in one line is the only important feature. Otherwise, values and prices remain unaltered. In cordage there is no chango to report. The total destruction of the Victoria Ropeworks, the most extensive of the kind in the colonies, occurred last week. A good deal of activity has been noticoable in fish throughout Lent. In breadstuff's and feeding grains much heavi- ness has pervaded the market. In blasting powder a reaction has taken place of late, a falling and depressed market having been converted into a firm and rising one. In hops much interest this year has attendod the opening sales for the season of Tasmanian, in consequenco of their very superior quality ; several hundred pockets of Shoobridge's have already beon sold on tho spot and to arrive at 2s. Speculative opera- tions in malt led to the quittance in one week of 27,000 bushels', and the establishment of a slight rise in price. In metals, a continuous demand for all descriptions has beon main- tained, and a rise of from £2 to £5 per ton bos been confirmed by sales at the advance.1 In oils, kerosene has not boon much noticed, the stock has now increased to 86,303 casos. TheFormosain the middleof the month addod 20,000 casos to our stock, and the Magnet, arrived last week, brought 2,000 cases moro. Transactions in this oil have not been largo. Quicksilver has declined in value 2d. per lb. In rice, with the exception of considerable sales of Boedbi Rajah, nothing of much interest has been allowed to transpire. The E, J* Spence, from Calcutta, arrived with a cargo of Patna, and the. Hesperus with a cargo of Saigon. Operations in salt amount to a few hundred tons. In sugar, wo note the quit- tance of 28,800 bags and mats. Teas are once more rising into notice, and considerable parcels have been disposed of ; no cargo sales have, however, taken place. Tobaccoes havo been steady, and prices firm. Business in timber comes before us in the shapo of speculative purchases to a large extent. The cargo of flooring per Atisto3, the cargo of Oregon per King Phillip, and the cargo of deals por Runik, went into the hands of the trade through the auc- tion mart The cargo 'of deals per Carolina and Adophina, and that by the Zaritska, likewise the cargoes of Oregon lumber per Maude Helen and Violette, on the spot, and that by the Good Hope, to arrive, havo all been taken up by one buyer on speculation, More business activity in brandies has boen reported, but nothing special has been made public. At length a satisfactory arrangement has been arrived at in regard to the vexed question of drawbacks, and it has fallen to tho lot of Mr. Vale-a protectionist Minister, as ho par- ticularly wished it to bo understood- to recognise tho necessity of relieving trado from the incubus under which it has been compelled to suffer and languish, by framing such regulations as would permit our merchants to import or export their goods as the exigences of trado required, without being subjected, when competing in othor markets, to the payment of a double duty as heretofore, and there is now some chance at last of our being able once more to recover our intercolonial trade, which, owing to the introduction of successive tariffs equally opposed to the extension of trade, has been nearly strangled. Tho regulations aro, more- over, so framed as to leave, while allowing a satisfactory drawback on exportation to the merchant, a sufficient balance to the Govern- ment to cover the necessary expenses at- tendant thereon ; but the greatest boon has been the concession which permits of draw- backs being allowed on open stock, repacked in free warehouses under Government super- vision. Meetings of creditors have been held in the following estates :-In that of George Haxell, draper, carrying on business at the corner of Bourke and Swanston streets, on Monday, the 4th instant Mr. Haxell submitted a statement showing liabilities £9,96610s, 8d., £1,350 of which was partly Becured, and assets amounting to £5,520, exclusive of real pro- perty, which, howover, is fully mortgaged. This estate has since beon sequestrated. Messrs. Connell and Clark, timbor merchants, on Friday, the 8th instant. The statoment prepared and submitted showed liabilities in round numbers amounting to £31,086, less £5,000 secured, and assets estimated at £24,300, loss the £5,000 held in security, leaving a deficiency of £6,700, After some Blight discussion a proposition was submitted to pay 12s. per £, as follows :-5s, cash, 5s. by bills at four months, with the option of paying cashless 2J per cent, ; Is. at 12 months, and Is. at 24 months, an offer which was unanimously accepted by tho meeting. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Exchange is unaltered, J per cont. premium for 60 days' sight bankers' drafts on London being the rate ruling. About a fortnight ago the banks reduced tbo rate of discount and interest fully 1 per cent, the minimum charge for bills at three months now being 5 per cent., at four months 6 per cent., and over that period 7 per cont, The minimum for overdrafts is 8 per cent. Interest is to bo allowed at 3 per cent, for 12 months', and 2.J per cent for six months' deposits, but thero will bo no allowance for deposits at any ^borter poriod. STOOK AND STATIONS. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. roport the sale by auction on the 8th inst, of tho Harcourt Estate, containing about 2,350 acres, to Mr. Robert Moffatt at £2 per acre ; and Mount Pleasant Station, and' 300 acres freehold, to Messrs.' M'Robort Brothers, at a satisfactory price. The samo firm reported tbo salo privately of Morangie Station, on the Lachlan, with all improvements, 680 acros of purchased land, and about 4,200 head of cattle, not mustered, to Messrs. J. and A. Broad, for £35,000, usual terms ; also, Sunvillo and Warrigall Creek Stations, South Gipps Land, with improve- ments, 320 acres purchased land, &c;, to Mr. Robert Bath. STOCKS IN BOND. The following wero tho Btocks in bond at Melbourno on March 23 :-Brandy, 6.430J hhd., 47,054 cases ; rum, 1.745A hhd., 1 caso ; geneva, CCA hhd., 37,175 rod. cases, 3,807 green cases ; whiskey, 6G5 hhd., 5,736 cases ; gin (sweetened), 16J nhd., 2,690 coses ; cordials, 380 coses ; spirits of wine, 76-i hhd. ; other spirits, 7-j hhd., 6,204 cases; wine, 3,002 hhd., 12,284 cases; beer, 803 hhd., 7,835 cases and casks; tobacco, manu- factured, 186 half-tierces, 405 quarter-tiorces, 10,725 tnree-quarter boxes and boxes, 3,728 cases ; do,, unmanufactured, 209 hhd. and casks, 573 cases, 909 bales ; candles, 2,443 chests, 19,287 boxes; cigars, 246 cases; kerosene, 86.303 cases; flour, 822 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 53 packages ; tea, 11.844 chests (978.1261b.), 68.068 half chests (2,248,4201b.), 26,938 boxes (372,7001b.); coffee, 1,475 bags, 63 tierces, 364 casks, 380 barrels]; wheat, 2,825 bags ; sugar- Mauritius, 9,387 bogs, 4,182 pockets ; Java, 9,419 bags, 1,277 baskets, 20,114 mats ; Manilla, 23,344 mats : Reunion, 1,172 bags ; other ports, 6,433 bags, 21,947 mats ; other (refinery), 1,185 tons, 218 coses and casks ; opium, 44 packages ; oats, 386 bags ; chicory, 139 pack- ages ; hops, 1,714 pockets ; rice. 35,410 bags ; salt, 15,891 bags; vinegar, 635 casks, 610 cases. ISirOnTS AND BSPOEXS. Tho value of the imports ot the port of Mel- bourne duriug the week ending the 23rd ¡nat. amounted to £137,225. Of apparel and slops the amount was £6,273 ; cotton piece goods, £7,787 ; gold, £10,264 ; sugar, £11,509 ; woollen piece goods, £8,696. The exports from the port during the samo -period amounted to £216.045. They included-gold, £96,693; leather, £4.088 ; preserved provisions, £8,152 ; specie, £27,000; sugar. £5,627; toa, £5,736; tobacco and cigars, £5,794; and wool, £25,244. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port since the bogmning of the year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1871 : Importa. Exporta. Week Ending 187L 1872, 1871. 1872. £ £ £ £ Jan. 6.. 102,891 265,927 807,388 658,628 Jan. IS.. 28S,0!1 804,616 837,009 158,660 Jan. 20.. 201 618 187.246 810,170 225.602 Jan. 27.. 260 288 260,639 2Ï0.223 376 634 F*b. 3.. 385,807 -103.827 614 771 670,808' Fob. 10.. 187,830 279,762 103 040 177,767 Fob. 17.. 159,666 IOS «22 71,027 216 609 Fob. 24.. 142.1S4 200 842 210.290 65,180 Har. 2.. 247,707 216 979 600,669 610 288 Mar. 9.. 880,721 287,2*0 122,388 804,199 Mar 10.. 221 678 100 038 170 366 40 178 Mar. 23.. 100,400 137,225 95.038 216,045 Totals.. 2,860 087 2.880,882 S.6G2 0S1 8.521,838 During the first period the account Btood thus: Imports . _ .. £2.856,967 Exports .8,602,081 Balance of export« over Imports £805,111 During the second period : Imports _ - " _ £2.880,832 Exports _ 8 624,836 Bataneo of oxports ovor Imports £043,954 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under : Imports In 1871 .. _ .. £2 866,967 Imports lu 1872 ~ _ ... 2,830,882 Incroaeo In 1872. £23,015 Exports In 1871 Exports In 1872 Decroaso in 1872.£137,245 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus 0O00, Wednesday Evonlng. In the Impart markets, wo noto many changos Blnco our roport last month. Somo ol the cblot staples Bhow a considerable Improvement on values; In tomo Instances this bas been followed by Increased activity, as In motáis, In which a largo business baa been done. In grocory goods, howovor, tboro lus boon lesB doing. In bulk ales, wo noto eales of now ooaaon's. In Dundee good«, cormacks bavo fallon out of notlco, while woolpaoks bavo had moro attention dlreotod towardB them. Boots and shoes have mot with ready market. Candles havo boon qulot but steady. Cements bavo boon in fair request. Chemicals have all riten In value. Ohloorjv coSco, confectionery, cordage, Uah, fruits, otls, oil- men's atoren, provisions, "c, do not call for any special remark. In brendatuffs wo noie a doollulng tendency. Feeding grilles havo abo fallon In valuo. Blasting powdor haB Improved Bgain. Hops, more especially Tasmanian, bavo mot with attention. Ia malt a largo business haB beon dono- Motáis have met with a very brick Inquiry at advancing figure:. Quick- silver has fallon considerably. Rico bas not boon active. Salt haB boon In modorato request. Sugar, t h OUR h less excited, Ins boon doalt In to a fair extent. TOBB aro rising Into notlco again. XobaccooB aro vory firm and steady. In timber wo noto spooulatlvo tales. Wines havo boon very qulot, but brandies, havo boon moro activo of lato. Ale and Stout.-Tho markot for bulk ales has main- tained a steady appoaranco. Now brow baa not como forward In sufficient quantity to treat tho demand, and btielnosB liai boon somowbat Blow in tho market in conscquonco. Jou'o'a first shipment haï boon cloared off according to quantify at £8 15s. to £9, and tbo Importers wait luither arrivals botoro any moro salcB can bo effeotod. Tho Oarliile Company's fchlpmont, por tho Calcutta, has only como to hand within tho lBBt few days, and a rapid oloaraneo has 'icon making ; for really sound and good conditioned paicolp, up to £815s. haB boen required. Of Marrlan'a ast year's brow Btiil unsold «aies continue to bo mado at £7 10'. to £7 15s. Bottled alos havo beon moved »teadlly oil. Forator'a has realised 10->. Od. Tonnant*» " has been disposed of at 10s. For Blood's 0s. Od. to 10s. has been obtained. M'Ewau'a has mot with a ready markot at Os. Oil. to 9s. Od. Aitken'« Is quoted at 93. Od. Dovoplah's com- mands notlco at 9s. to 9s. 3d Alsopp'a la quoted at Ot, Jeffrey's brings 8). Od. to Oj. Ybungor's haB beon Bold at 8». 6d. Bottled stouts havo been moderately aotlve. Edmonds's pitt brand Is still met with occasionally at 10>. Od. Forstor's lins beon readily Baleablo at 10s. Od. Sales of Burko's havo beon ronorted at 10s. Sd. to 10>. fli. Blood's has mot with favour at 0a. Dd. to 10s. O'Brlon's daggor brand, which laBt month was oflorlng at 0>. 01., has since tho arrival of tbo mall boen advancod to 9s. 0d. for early bh'pmonta and 10s for moro recent arrivals. Bj-aw'a is quoted at 9a. 8d. J< ftroy's portor Is valuod at 8i. 8d. to 8«. 6d. Borthwlok's Is movod off at 7s. 9d. J Biggin«1.-Dundoo goodB of all dosorlptlons havo been exceedingly dull and nogloctod. An occasional irqulry for cornsackB for New Zoaland haB been mot by sales to avoty modorato oxtontat 12s. to 12s. 8d., but tho aoason Is evidently ovor, and only exceptional nales thus oomo under our notlco. All the Cal- en ti ai which arrivod by tho Apelles woro sold, a portion afloat, tbo bataneo Immediately on arrival at 12s. Woolpacks bavo not boon muoh notlcod olthsr. Stooks betwoon the seasons havo on this oooaslon boom lighter tban usual, thus prOBontlnu* Httlo or no Induce- ment to spcoulato ; at tho cloao of last wook atlontton w<s directed that way, and about 10O balos woro picked up by buyore at 4s. 4}d. to 4s. 6il., but thoro has boen nothing done since. Gunnies havo beon somowhat qulot, and since tho prlco has boon foroed up to 89., little In tho way of sales has boen allowodto transpire. Boots and Shoes.-A vory good business-has boen transaoted during the montb. Publlo sales havo boen held, at which considerable parcols ot Imported as woll as colonial-manufactured havo beon clearod off. Last wook tho following prlcos wera roillaed for Flatau'a mako- Women's fancy stitohed kid ohannols roallaod from 0i. Od. to 7s. 0J. por pair ; do. do. welts, 7s 0d. to 7s. 10d. do ; do mock kid, 4s. Od. to Bl do. : maids' fancy kid, Os. 8d. to (Is. 10d- do.; no. do. all lasting, 6s. S<1\. to Oi. Od. do.; women's all lasting, £3. Od. to 7s. 3d. do ; men's fanoy slippers,8s. 9d do.; girl's kid, ll's to l's, 4s fld. to Si. 01\. do ; do do., 7'a to 10'u, 4a. to 4s. 9J. do.; Infants', 2's to 6'B, 2i. Sd. to 2). Od. do.; do. felt do., 10». per dozen ; do. fancy laceups do., 81s. por dozen. At a salo of loathorwaro and oolonlal-mado boots and i-hoos, crop was dlipoBod of at lid. per lb.; kip at Is. Sd , Is 9jd,, and Is. HJd. por Ib.; do., damaged, at Is. 7d. per lb,; yearling at 2s. por ID.; saddlorsY basils at 5«. and 0s. Od. per dozen ; kangaroo, at 2s. 2d. por Ib.; 4-6 copper too boots roallsod 23s. por dozen; 7-0 bojB' olaatlo Bides,8s. Od, por pair ; 10-18 boys' Iaoo, 4s. to 4B. lid. nor pair; 10-18 do., coppor toes, 8). lid.; women's calf olaatlo almas, 6j ; women's cordovan laco, Os. 4d.¡ mon's olastlo nidos, ja. 10d.; tnon's bluchers, 7s ; mon's laceups, 7s. 3d ; youths' do,, Ci. Cd. Candles havo not alterod muoh, prlooa as a rulo having been vory stoady. Salos havo boon modorato throughout, business having boon strictly conflnod to supplying mere actual roqulrcmonts. Pareáis havo beon sold In bond at Od. for Bo Itoubalx's, woila Brandon's bavo hcon disposed of, duly paid, at lid., and tho formor at UJd. During tho last fow days attempts havo boen made to oitabllsh an advance, though only of an olubtb, but salos Immediately fell "if ; and though boldors havo refused to soil undor lljij. and Hid,, only tho most trilling pareóla havo boon got rid of. For tho Nova Company's brand 1B. Is required, 1 Comonts, though without bolng markod by muoh animation or activity, yot receive a fair amount of attention. Shipments as tboy como forward moot with a ready sale at vory full ratos. Most of tho arrivals, howovor, go direct Into tbo hands of tho trade. Best brands of Fortland And buyora according to quantity at prlcos ranging from 10s. Od. to 17«. and 17s- 8a. Lnst week a shipment of 500 barrels-Knight, Boavan, and Co.'«-was taken up at 10B. 0d. Balos of outaldo brands havo boen mado at 15«. Od. to 15s. Od , and quotations riso to 101. In Amortaan plaster no salos havo transpired of almost any description. Prices, howovor, have been well supported, 17a. ti 17>. 6d. having beon ruling Dgures throughout. Chemicals, until iho arrival of tho mall, underwont no alteration ; but on reoelpt ot advices reportlag luch high ratas in tbo homo markots. a vory different aspect bat boon assumed. About 100 tons of soda I crystals wero clearod privately off tbo markot at about £9 ; quotations roto lmtnodlatoly atiorwards to £910s. and £10, at which lattor tho prloo now stands, with a qulot but very Drm appearsnço. Car- bonate of soda has not boen touohod ; holders ara anxious to quit at £10 to £16 10s., but do not roadlly moot with buyors, Caustla soda, on tbo o*in trary, baa gono up to £19, and solos have boon rooorded at tho pilco. Flowors of sulphur do not obtain tho slightest nottoo ; a nominal quotation of £15 Itglron. Tartarlo acid doos not show any Improvement, and cannot bo quoted ovor Is. 10}d. to li. lid-, notwith- standing that tblíquotatlon ia so muoh out of propor- tion to U10 ratea ruling In England. Cream of tartar IB stoady at Is. 8d. Prepared opium bat, during ina last 10 days, been run up to tho oxtromo figuras ot 28s. and 80s. It Is fully anticipated, howovor, that a reaction will take place on tbe arrival of the next mall stcamor. Chicory obtains Httlo notice ; but a moderato trad» dornend la oxporioncod at 44J. to 4|d. Co (Too bas shown Httlo activity for almost tho ontlra montb, It was reportod at an early period that the. Importers of tho Rostios«'« cargo had dlseosod of tho samo In ono Uno at a vory full figure ; tbe clroum-itanoo, however, had not tho slightest lnfluonco on tbo markot, > Business In which ha« boen restricted td purchases lor ; actual wanta and no > more, nor hag tho local demand \Doen In noy way assisted by an outside > inquiry, export *. ordersliavlng come forward slowly and boen of tho .".moat > trifling description ; valuoB show little or no ' change. Qood to best > samples of plantation are offer ' ing at Od. to Old. Java is In alow sale at > Sd, to 8|d., according to quality. Native Ceylon li saleable at Sd. Advices from colombo reach to 10th Fobruary. Confectionary.-We noto a very quiet market, and t few ea'es ot imported brands worth any special notice liave boon allowed to booomo public. Under the hammer an occasional parcel ot Keillor's has been quitted at Did. Colonial manufactured fiad buyers at Cid to 8J1I. and ed. Candled peel has ruled at 12Jd. Jujubes have boon disposed ol at lid. Cordage-A quiet steady business has been dono, and quotations havo shown no alteration on lan month's rates, and manufacturers, as a rule, have been well satisfied with the trado done. 'Sud- denly, howover, the progress ol this Industry has * been arrested by a dcttruo'.Ivo fire, which last week vialtod tho Victorian Ropeworka-tho most oxtenaive works of tho kind in all the colonies-and in a very few minutos tho wholo of tho buildings became a mass of min. Much sympathy has boen exhibited towards Mr. Miller, the owner, under the unfortunate circum- stances. We understand, however, that stopB are being taken by the enterprising proprietor to provont in j ury to the business by starting works ol a temporary oharacicr until now machluory can bo fitted up. Bust Manilla hemp made rope, Ho. and upwards, hal been ?disposed ot at £05, while sizes of this quality undor lln. me quoted at 8Ja Second quality oau be obtained at £63 for large and 7d. for Binall eizes NswZialand Six made baa been quitted at £13 and Ed. par lb. for large and small sizes resj ootlvoly. New Zealand eloibee Hues Boll at fid. A. shipment of 250 bundles Calcutta Unca waa quitted yesterday at £33 to £30 10s. New Zealand lashing: commands 88s. per owt. Rumian tarred spunyarn is quoted at EOs. Russian Hues bring Od. per lb. Victorian mado coir ropo commands £50. Flat ropo 1B in moderate request at £78 to £80. Imported bolt rope is worth £0¿ to £63 Beaming twloos aro soiling at 18d. Mow Zealand flax is quoted at £22 to £25, ac- cording to quality. Fian.-Tho murkot baa been very brisk throughout tho mouth, the demand during Lent having for all descriptions been well sustained. Ling has been HJOTccioH froely at4}d. Half-barrolB white herrings a have beon quitted at 28»., while firkins havo boen placed at 0d. Od. lib. Ir<.sh herrings havo boon dis- posed of at 8i to 8s 3d. Red hoi ringa in tins have been quitted at 82s. to 33s. lib. salmon has realised 12a. to 12s. Od., according to brand, and pickled salmon has been offering at fid. Ilalves sar- dines bavo been run up to tbe extremo figure of IBs., and quarters bave beon readily got rid of at 7s. 3d. to 7s. Gd. Shellfish has net altered in value; lib. oysters have beon selling at 8s, and lib. locators hare roalised 10a. ?d. Fruits are still neglocted and unnoticed Currants are in slow sale at 4}U. to 4}d. Balslns bavo been in bettor request, however. Capo havo risen from 611 io Cid., and now fijd. Is required ; Elomo havo been .old at Eid. to 6|d., and Valencia havo mot with pur- chasers at like rates. Muscatel are firm at Od. Sul- tana command 8d. Figs have been very scarce for some time; we quote Sd. Dried apples are nominal at 6d., and we cannot quote higber, notwithstanding that al auction lately the prlco was run up to 63d. for a small lot. Flour and Grain.-Tho market for broadstnffs has maintained ene uniform aspect of dulnoss, but the de -«lining tendency has boon more muked «loco receipt «t late English nona Tbe demand throughout the month baa been limltod to requirements, no Inquiry whatever having boen experienced for parcels. Flour has In consequence dec Ined from £13, the top figure quoted, to £12 12a Od. £12 16s. for town brands. Last week country brands offered at auction -were ?cleared oil at £12 2i Oc). to £12 5s. At tho close of the week purcbaaei s for shipping lota wllllnj to buy at up to £12 10s. made tbelr appearauce. but only a trilling business was done In wheat, likewise,the irado done has boon of a limltod character ; tbe price after barley touching 6J. 7U. receded, and It Is now not worth over ?fis. 4d. for best quality, GB; to 6s. 21. for common to mediumqualltlea.and3d. Cd.to41. Od. forlnferlor. Sup- plies oro still very i hort. Were It othorwiat>,as English ordors havo been almost all withdrawn, nono being in« .ellnedto ship niterMaioh.prices muithava fallen moro rapidly; as it is values hitherto luvo beoa woador fnlly sustained. During the last fortnight millers have bought very sparingly, being very full handod {generally, owing to tbo want of demand experienced , fordlour, and it may yet bo some little time in conse-i , quenco ero anything like animation appears In did sarkot. It U beginning now to bo moro gonoraliy credited that the yield both hero and In Adelaide, will turn out much leis than at O'it antici- pated. Feeding grains have been vory much ne; -gleoted ; Indeed, wo cannot remember an occasion when so much dulners boa been evinced aa the put month has shown. Victorian crown oats bavo been dlsprscdof at tho weekly produco sales at 2i.8d. to 3s., according to quality, and BB low as 2s dil. bas even been accopted ; a parcel of roiy fine New Zealand, about 10,(00 buetielB, cleared oil privately and by auction, rtallsod 8s. 2d. to Si 3£d , but nothing mure could he .got, though a very finoaamplo AdvlcosfromOantorbu y state that this grain will bo plentiful tboro, and repart shipments as being made for all the colonial. There will he no barley from that quarter this season ; the prices 'ruling in tbo local market for malting barley range from 4s. to 4a. Od. llore tbat grain la aleo vary scarce, and as much as fis, per bushel has been offered for ' a fair «ample of malling, and oven ordinär, qualities would now sell at up to 69. Feeding common Cape barley Is saloablo at 2s, Od. to 3i, Malic has dropped to 8i. 4d. to 3<. fid. far old and 3i. Od. for cow; thore baa only beon a vory InilgalQcaut demand, and sales gonoraliy havo boen of vory little account, nor do wo soo much prospect of improve- ment. Bran has boon very stoady ol lato, and Inclined to barden; we quoto lOJd. to lid, Pollard has been selling, according to quality, at Is. to IB. 4d. Colonial oatmeal bas been Btcadlly selling at £21, but New Zealand made, though offsring at 418, has boon difficult to quit. Split pots have been ?old at £1010s. Pearl barloy is quittod at £20 to £21 for best quality. Gunpowdor.-The continued declino In blasting > powdor at one timo of so marked a charactor appoars i M h ve been arrested einco receipt of advices reporting the probablo falling off in shipments, and quotations, which a fortnight ago hld fallen to 8Jd. for HallV, havo aavancod again, and now stand at Od. to Oid. for this brand. Halmo» has llkowlso Improved in valuo, being worth 8Jd , while outside brands oin bo bought at 7Jd. TranBaetlouB in the market have not, as far as we an learn, been largi-, as tbero has boon little room for speculative InOuenco to bo brought to bear upon the article. Hops.-The further advance on homo pricoi advlted again this mall has had the effoot of restricting sales \- ratbor than otherwlso, and, notwithstanding that ship- ments of Kout now coming forward stand fully 2s. Od. laid down, no higher rato has yet beon obtained hore tor tbe low lots ot best quality of new willoh have been disposed of. The latenesB of the Boason has, moro, over, beon against sellors, it being difficult to cot buyors to oporato beyond actual requirement* ao far on In tho year ; holders, howevor, aro var} firm, and see no reason for soiling undor. 1870's are quoted at Is. 8d. to Is. lOd. for best, Is. 4d. to Is. Od. for medium, and Is. to IB. 2d. for low dOBOrlptions. 1868's and 1803'd aie quoted at 7d. to Od. The oponlng of tho now Tas- manian season has boen tho toature of the month. Conaideiable pareóla of Bboobridgo's now 1872'n have alroauy come forward, and the quality belüg very superior, all the shipments have baon rapidly moved off at 2i. A consignment of Wllls's was sold at le. Cd , but tbo parcel was not altogether without faulta. 1871 Tasmanian have been sold at Is. 4il. to Is. fid. fur Shoobridge'«, and other growers' yearlings were quittod at Is. to 1«. 21.; old aro to be met with at (3d. to Sd We hoar ul no saleB of Bavarians. t Halt.-Early In the month this articlo attracted muob notice, and speculative purchasoi wore reported one wook to tho extent of no loss than 27,003 bushels at least, In pareóla at up to Od. The »ade domaud, however, baa not boen cx.onBlvo, though a lalrluqal.y has been met by sales subsequently at Di 8d. tot)«. Od., Tho only othor parcels atsposed of in addition to thoBO alroady mentioned wore a lino ol 1,700 bu,heis and one of 2,000 busbolH, Tho market cloeoj, now without excitement, trado sales to a moderate extent being oUeoted at 0i Cd, Metal«.-Ia no other markot has such a chango beon' effected ss has come ovor metals and all doscrlpllum of iron. Tbo rise advised from England has mot not only a ready response hero, but lu moat artlolos a p-opor-, lionato advance has beon established. A largo and extensivo trado has boon done, and for tbe first 10 days aftor the mall's arrival a continuous demand wai kept up. Inquiries havo, however, blnoe slackoaod,' but not before a vory considerable Improvomuu-, lu prlco has been establUhod. Fig iron bas boen quitte i at £6 lOd. Galvanised Iron bas found putobaaora at ex i trome rates. Of Scotch tbero has been no block for some timo ; 20 gauge would moet with a roady tale at £-¿7 to £28. English ordinary brands aro very saleable. F.>r 26 gauge £80 to £31 can be got ; 28 gauge Is quoted at £114. Best brands arosalcablo at £38 to £8310a. to £31. At the last-named tato one shipment was cloared off.l and an Involco of 100 cases-a mixed parcel-waa Elaced at a concession on the pilco. A parcel of plain on was sold at £80 10s. The value of bar and rod' iron bas gone up to £16. Sheet iron In Uko mannor Is quitted at £16 for assortments of Nos. 8 to l8, whllo Hon. 20 to 26 aro how quoted at £18. Plate Iron in wanted, and eales can bo mado at £10 to £17. Good »lies of hoop Iron can bo placed at £10. Fencing wire la saleablo at £17 10i., £18 10s., and £10 10s., for Hos. 6, 7, and 8. Shot can now make £30 ; thom are few parcels offering. Tin-plates are saleable ..at 16 to 20 per cent, advanoo on Invoice, Muntz metal has boon dlspoeod of at prloes rising tolOJd. and lid., figures which are now quoted. Ewbank'« nails aro firm at 12j per cent, off list. American nails are still quoted at 28s. Salos of Colllns's and Sharpe's heavy axes como undor our notice at 70s. Oolllns's heavy plcka are worth 62s. Bales of Ames's shovels have beoa' mado at 60s. Day's D-II. shovels, Slln. to 801 n , am offering at 62s. ; other makers', same size, are quoted at 60». Holloware Is selling at 25 per cent, off list. Ollr.-Koroaeno oil has not been active. Thors hal been a good demand for Dovoe'a brilliant at Is. Oid., .and in somo instances Is Oid., but not undor. At on« ,-tlme tbo market looked aa if prices would go lower, but enough has been wanted for trade purposes, as well aa for export, to sustain and support values i or Oriental and Diamond brands Is 8Jd. has been a steady quotation. Tho Formosa arrived in the .middle of the month with 20,000 cases, The Magnot, at taeclosoof the month, brought 2,000 cases more. American advices via California bring our dates from Dew York up to dib February. Tbo Eurydice had completed her loading; the Seneca takes her berth, and sails at tbo ond of tbo month. The Bonang and Felina were reported as loading at Boston. By tbo Constance, loading at Calcutta, wo hoar of 1,000 cases castor oil as coming forward. This oil is quitted at' 4a. ¿d. duty paid ; wo do not, however, hoar of any sales. 1 he B. J. Spence, from Oalautta, brought close on 1,000 cases. Linseed oil is moving off at 4a. Sd. for drums and 8*. lOd. to 4s. for casks. Colza commands 6s. Od. In drums and Ss. 8d. in cask. Olivo oil bilngs 6J.,7I1. in drums and 6s. 8d. In wo 3d. Chinese oil still commands late quotations of 4a 8d, Polar oil maintains a range ol £80 to £86. Oilmen's Stores have been very quiet, and prices have varied little during the month. Pickles have «allied C». Od. for common, 8s. Gd. for medium, 10«. for fine, and lOi. lOJd. to 11s. for best brands. Thore li nothing whatever doing in bottled fruit« ; for as .sorted wo quote 9s. 3d. to Od. Od. Black currants aro C*lued at 10*. Salad olia In quarts are got rid of at l8 ?., ¡ü\, and 2fis ; pints are disposed of at 9s. 6d" 9s & '., and Jls. Od ; half-pint« are quitted at fit. 8d, to Sa. 7} J., and vp to t7a. Castor oil, in pints, is placed ac 7«.; and in half-pints at 4s 9d. to 6s. tiaucsa aro moved off at da. (Id. to 8« Od. and lOi. Gd. Capers aro quote i at 6s. Co<tnllu''1 muitard, In 7>b tina, OudB buyers at 7JJ. to 8J.; llb-tlB> brlDlf "'. Od. to Di. 01 ; and J'b. are worth 6-> ed- tolls. Od. Keen's D H f. mus are) résilies 19s li 'r »our.ds and 11B for half pnunris White starch bril *«. &Jd; , and blue starob 681, to 6J I. Sago Is quoted at .''I3- Macaroni anti vcmicclli cow maud 10}d. White pepper Is retailed out at la. 6d., and block pepper at Cid. to 7d. Provisions.-¿considerable improvement la butter haB been reported of late, butas IhU is owing to the very dry weather which prevallod lor some time, the advance it Is quite probable may only be tempo- rary. Both tresta and Bait butter woro quitted last week at an improvement of 2d. per lb. Salt butter Is quoted at 6Jd. to Cd. Cheese haB also bsen sold on better terms. Good colonial brings 5d. to 7d. Bacon and hams, colonial cured, have become vory acaree. For the former wo quote 00., and for the latter Is. li obtained. Imported barns are barely saloable at 1'. 3d., but there is no stock. Quicksilver showed great heaviness in the.begin- ning of the month, and to maka any progroas at all In sales a contiderablo reduotlon in price had to be sub- mitted to. About 100 bottles woro quitted last week, but before eales cou'd bo effectod holders woro com- pelled to accept of 3s. 3d. to 3i. 5(1.. at which price i now stand, without, however, much Inquiry. Bice. -Iho market bas shown not the slightest alu-i ol animation. Patna, mora especially BIUCO the du tribution of tho Apel1*»'cargo Into the hinds of th trado, has been veiydull, and salos most difficult t-> efftc». The arrival of tho _. J. 8pence was reporte I In tho commencement of the montb. About 300 tons ol har cargo weiosentonto Sydnoy, but though a good deal of Inquiry has been expertencsd from time 10 timo for tho balance, little or nothing has yet beda disposed of, and nlmost the whole romains uoBOld. £18 In bond Is the price asked; but wo understand that a concession on that rato would not bo refuso-i 11 buyers could tboioby be luduced te come forward Old Patna was sold by auction at £16 15s. Oar advices from Calcutta reach up to 10th February, For the James Service 10 SOO bag« rice had been cleared ; 6,640 tor tbo Victory, and 0,950 for th i Constance There was no vessel on the berth for tho colonloB, the Arrasan, reported as loading last month for Melbourno, having been despatched for Bourbon. Our dates from Java reach to 2nd February. Java rico has boan in lair request, and anything met with in first hands has boen cleared tu; a sample of 2,310 bags Boedht Ksjah was quitted at £19 15s. Dressed Java is quoted at £22 to £23. Bangkok is valued at £22, and Saigna Is In slow salo at £20. The Hesporus arrived on th i 9th lost, trom Saigon,but her cargo has not yet beeu dlspoted of. Salt.-For the whole of the month, business in this product has been confined to supplying trade require- ments, and values hove undorgono no alteration whatever. The monta commencod with the disposal of a shipment of 150 tons Uno at £4 12-. Od. to £1 15s. A parcol was alBO got rid of by auatlon ne £11-. Od. for .' butter salt." and o smill lot of coats.) was at same timo Bold at £3 13s. Towards the cluse of the month again 100 tons Uno roallsod £4 121. Gd , and a few hundred tons coarse llkowiso changed hands at a Blight concession on our trade quotation ot £3 15 -. For trade parcols of fleo London etoved £5 is wanted and ordinary Llvorpool fine Is quoted at up to £4 10a. Blates.-Business has boen very quiet Wo havo not beard of a Bingle Invoice having boon sold privately this month. A shipment of about 30,000 Inferior was cleared off by auction, and realised good prices, quality considered. An ordinary demand has boen maintained for trade purposea at unaltered rates. The BhipmenU advised are on a moderato scale, and the only parcel which has come forward Is the Calcutta'.- shipment of 00 000. Wo continuo to quoto £16 for 21 x 12, £14 for "22 x 12, and £116s. to £1110a. for 20 X10. Sugar.-Thero has been much lesa excitement In the market ibis mouth, buta good business has been done, and thuugh at one timo It was thought prices would give way, yot, a rally having boen effected, tbe maiket has boen much Btronger Muco. Tbo following are tho prlntipsl salos :-On Tuesday, the 4th last, somo 4,297 mats Java wera cleared off under the hammer, at £3110«, to £3116s. for browns, £31 Gi. to £32 for low counteis. 1,000 mats Bourbon rations sold at £23 6s. 'Iho result ot tho tale on the day fo'low log nos much moro satisfactory lhan was at one timo expected, and tho whole of the cargo offered (tho Alexandra's) complying 8,000 bags and pockets, could bate been cleared out in a very short time. As it was, some 2 000 bags and pockets wore quitter!, when low rations brought £24 16s-, good browns, £80, and fine £83 ; good to lino yo]low oounters, £3) 5i. to £36 10s.; middling to good white crystals, £83 lOi. tu £80 10-'., and £40 for One soft white counter». On ihuriday, the 6-h, tbo damaged portions*'of tho cargoes of tho Confiance and Alexandra, consisting of 072 bags sugar, Mauritius, all more or leas damaged by sea-water, wero quitted at from £31 to £39 lui. per ton net cash. Balo« urlvately of good j ellow brewing cr j stale at up to £37106., and of fine white co uu tor it at £39, carno under our notice also. On Tuesday, tin 12th, under tho hammer, some 2,033 mata and bag) Bourbon, Mauritius, and Java so.-ta were quitted HI very Bath-factory ratos ; medium and white crystal ? brought £88 16s. to £3010s ; Uno yellows, £37 C*. to £38 5-1 ; fine (¡rainy counters realisod £86 to £30 l61 ; low counters, £31 to £32; browns, £87 to £27 l61.; and fine rations, £26. About 1 050 bags good counter« noro also sold privately at up to £37. On Wednesday, Iho 18th, the quittance by prlvato contract W«H reported of about 1500 bags, at prloea rising from £34 to £39. On Hiurtday, the 14tb, the cargo of th-i Alarie, from Mauritius, comprising 7,000 bags, wis submitted to public competition, but though Ile- trado was well lepresentcd, and every disposition In operate freely was ovinced, jet, as the Importera deteimlned to make a stand for better prices, ami preferred to carry out that resolution rather thtn yield la the slightest, tbe whole csrgo was withdrawn without a tinglo lot being sold. Advices from Ei gland to' 20ih January by tho mall proved very favourablo to tho market, and much firmness was imparted. Our dates from Mauritius by th'< Chateaubriand to Cih February carno to hand at sim timo, tho news likewise p.-ovlng favourablo. On TUBI day, the 19.li, tho entire shipment of Java per Alma, comprising 6,581 ma's, was cleared oil at £37 12s. 0J. lor middling whitop, while £35 10«. lor ordinary gro, was accepted. 1,380 bags Mauritius and Natal sugari wero sold at Bame timo, whon £82 was realised tor ,low counters, £33 to £84 tor medium, and £86 for fino counters. Slnco then a good business has also been transacted privately ; on Wednesday, the 20th, 1,100 bags Mauritius, and on Thursday, the 21st, 2,200 bags, wero clearod off at pricoi rising from £35 for good sollow to £39 10s. lor good whiten. Brewers' ciyBtalB, at £88 10s. to £41 6s. havi also met with purchasers. On Friday, tho'22nd, about 1800 mats Java were cleared off at £38 10;. for medium whites ; l,60O baga and mats Bourbon sugars, sold all faults, wore disposed of at £22 10s., to £2810s. for low rations ; £2615s. to £26 lOa.f or good rations ; and £815;. lo £33 for low to medium counters, Tho damaged portion of the Isabolle's cargo about 312 bags-was also quitted at £27 lOi. to £38 6s. On the 26th, the cargo of the Chateaubriand was sub- mitted to competition, bu-. buyors not proving anxious to operate at importers' ideas of value, only 600 bags wero disposed of at full rates. About 875 bags, balances of othor shipments,- sold as faulty, were also qulttoi at £30 10s. to £88 por ton, not. Yesterday, 2.432 bass Hong Kong Beflnory Oompsny'a wero offered, and the whole disposed out at £33 to £34 for low soft yel- lows, and £35 to £80 6s. for fino sollow. - The other arrivals from Mauritius besides tbo Chateaubriand aro tbo Rebecca Jane, which carno in osrly In the montb, while the Ophir and Dauphin are announced to-day, Tea.-There has beon no change worth, m-intlonlog in this market; since our laBt report tho trade havo been sorting up, as usual at tbia time of the year which has led to the disposal of various parcols ul ordinary to common congous at a slight advance nu tbe average of tbo season, salee having been mado at prices rising from8}d. to 18Jd. Fiovoury to medium congous have remained without alteration ; solos tu tho extent of 4,000 halt-chests oamo undor our notice last week. Fino teas aro not too plentiful at present^ but tbere Is no Immediate inquiry, the trade hnvlrn nell supplied themselves with this quall-y a month ago. Scented teas aro still in fair n quoit, and gun powdors have becomo scarce. Ono or two parcels of round-leaf pekoes have changed hands durirg th» month The dollveiioB for homo consumption and export aro rather below those of last month. Th 1 stock In bond will bo found noted in another column.' No at rivals havo been reported this month, Our dates from Foo-ohow by last steamer reach to 1st February, but the soason then being over little of Intorest appear In tbo news to -hand. Our quo- tations are-Dust and sif tings, 7d. to Sd. ; broKon Foo-cbow. 8d. to lOjiL; ordinary to good, fljd. to lid. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. OJd.to Is. 2Jd.; do., with little flavour, le. SJd. to Is. 4d.; blackish leaf kinds. Is. 3d. to Is. fld.; do, strong, 1B. «3d. to 1B. OJtl. ; do. strong flavoury, 1B. 7d. to Is 8d.; kalsow kinds, strong, Is. 8d. to le. 10d.; pekoe souchong and pekoo flavour, IB., lOd. to 2a ; lino rieh pekoe, souchong flavour, 2*, Id. to, 2s. 2d.; do., very lino do-, Ss. 2jd. to 2s. 8d." soncbong, common. Is. to Is. 2d.; do., middling to fine, Is. 3d. tu 1B. Od. ; orango pekoo, scented ordinary ana broken,' le. Sd. to Is. 4d,; do., good to One. Is, 8d. to Is. lid ; sapor, ocented common to middling, Is. Id, to 1B. 4jd.; do., middling to fine, Is. 7d- to Is. 8d.; youniii hyson, common, Is. Id. to le. 3d.; do., good to fine, Is. Od. to Is lid,; do., finest, none; gunpowder, Gan-, ton, good to Uno, Is. Id. to Is. lljd. Above quotations arc at per lb. in bend for chests (boxes being worth 3d.por lb. more)." Timber.-Oansldoiablo gloomj'and doprosilon was created in this markot by the failure of Mossr«. Con- nell and Clark, reported early In tho montb, and Bale« which woro advertised publicly to como off in tho Ort week ol tho month had all to bo postponod In consé- quence. A better feeling has since been growing up,' and towards the close of the montb somo heavy specu- lative purchases woro made, which It la expected will Impart a very different aspect to a markot hitherto so dull, and which It waB at ono time thought nothing could improvo. Tbo wcok following that roferred to a very different tone prevailed, and a considerable busl neiB was transacted In oonsoquence. The cargo of Nor- wegian timber ox Arlitos, from Christiana, was offorod on Tuesday, the 12th Inst. 821,000ft. 6xg white T. and Q. flooring brought 8s. 6- to 81. Odapor lOOft Ilnoal ; 833,000ft 6x} 00., 0s Od. to Gs ,7d. do ; 200,O0Olt. 6 x J wbltoboadedT.andG,llnln*T,6i.9d to7s do.; 85,00011.0 x j) do., 5-. Od. do.; 831000ft. 4-outwhlto weather- boards, 6s. Od to 0s, Od. do. On the some day tbore wero Bold, ex King Phillip, 884 816ft. Orogon square timber and dealt, at £6 5s. to £7 17s. Od. per l,000(t.; 21,000 4Jft. plikets realised £9 12). 01. per 1,000 ; 11,000 4ft. do., £9do.; 07,000 4}ft. laths, 33«. 3d. do ; 61,000 4ft. do., 24*. do. Kx Congre*a-40.0O0tt- whlto pino T. and O. told at £10 per 1,000ft. Kx Ratt'or-, 76,000ft. whlto pino shelving fetched £11 10s por 1,000ft. ; 11,000ft. white pino _. and G, £10 10s. do.; 88,000 4ft. laths, 24i. 9d. per 1 000. It Is also rumoured that another cargo hu changed bands privately. On the 15th, the qulttanoo was effectod of the cargo of red Baltic deals ex Burlk, all faults; 22,760 pieces 11 x8 brought Id. l8 16tbs to did.; 0x3. 4d. 5 lOlhs ; 8x8. -lid. to 4d. ß lOths ; 7 x8, 4Jd. to4d. 6-lOths; 8 X 21, 4d. l-16th ; 7x2}, 4d. 8-lOt-B to 48d.; 0x2}, 41d, to4|d.; OxlJ. 4d. 5-ieths; 8x1}, 4d. 516ths; 7xlJ,4}d.; 6x1,8,4. per foot of 9 x S ; and tbere were at same timo sold, ox 1 Adolia Carleton, 20,000ft. white pine, T and 0,1 at £10 2s. Od. to £10 7s. Od., and 11,0001t. whlto pine shelving brought £112s. 6d. per 1,0001t. last week opened without much appoarance of ac- tivity ; but having improved considerably, closed with 0 very much better prospect. On Tuesday, the 10th, ' the qulltanco of 69 logs cedar, ex Macedon, about 50,0001t., at 83«. per 100ft. super, waa reported. On tbo 22nd a largo speculative business was reported ptlvately, which Is likely to Impart great Qrmnoss to the market Tbo entire cargo of Baltic deals por Carolina and Adolphina, that by tbe Zwltaka, were (taken up; this, purchase, with four cargoes previously nado, centres the wbole stock of Baltic deals here in tho hands of one firm, who hove likewise succeeded In getting hold ol all the large lots hold on the spot hythe trade. The cargoes of Oregon timber per Maude Helen and Violette on the spot, and that by the Good Hope to arrive, have also gone into the btnds ot the same firm, who, wa learn, will bold both deals and lumber for much higher rates than thofo hitherto ruling. Tot ace.- Bu-lne"» In this market has gonerally bien v<-ry steady, with a moderately -.clive demand tor tbo supply of ordlna-y wants A Mr inquiry tor local uie ha* existed, and orders for export ta a moderato extent have como forward; the Alabama .¿veatlin at one timo caused some little degree of anxiety, bot this afterwards WÍB allayed by tho more icassurlng advioealrom England. Tbo advices regard- ing tbe homo market wore alco oncoutaglng. Loaf was vory ecarco and had advanced 6c. to 7«. over last yoat'd prices. Tbo shipments »dvlaort from New York do not ojeced 183 pickax; from Kngland they, however, amount to 100,87111'. Last week oontldernble buoi anoy wau imparted in eon-equenoa of extreme prices having been obtained for twist at auc- tion ; the improvement, however, went mo further. Common and low dark tobacccca having, on the con trary, rather receded in value, while, on the other band, the best descriptions ot finest li«tit preesod mot with purchasers at exceptionally hl.h prices. Alto- gether the market preaents a vry mtMaotory aspect. The following aro the principal trausaotlons reported: -On Friday, tbe 8th lost., nomo 810 packages of Cameron's tens, Venus, and Two 8oa9 woro oflorert publicly, but as tho bidding was not of a natuie likely to givo satlslaetlon not a package wai allowed to be sold, but the whole waa withdrawn. On the lOlh, 03 packages were Bold by auction, when fives brought 1-, 2Jd. ; llgbt-proased pound*, 2n 3d. to 2j, -id,; alxci, la. 2}d.; fours, li. ljd. ; pocket piece«, is 2d. to Is. 2}d. ; tens, 8d. to 0}d. ; twist. IB. 0Jd. On the 19th, the sale privately was reported ot a shipment of 201 packago» Chlldrey's make, consisting of anchor twist, Waterlily, navy goods, G rapo loaf alies, and Sunny South pocketpieccB, ex Lalla Rookh, at a full and tathfactory prlco, By auction two aalea woro held last week-on Wednesday, the 20lh, 76 p&cksgoa; wore disposed of publicly at lljd. to Is, for bright navlta ; common tens Bold at 8d.; and navy sixes, all fault n wore quitted at 6Jd. On Thursday, tbe 21sc, 68 pack- ages wero quitted, when Black Swan twUt roan ed Is SJd. to Is. 4d.; and faulty waa disposed of at Is. 8Jd ; and tenssold atlljd. to Is. Cn anotbor account um sold at Sd. to In. Sd , twist at 7}d. to Is lid.; faulty pounds brought 7d , and half-pounds 6d. Onthe25tb, 82 packages were dlfpoBcd of at tho fo'lowlog ratos ¡ Bars realised Is. Cid.; four«, 18}!. to 14d ; fives 18Jd.; sixes, 18id.¡ half-pounds, 12Jd. to 14jd. ; light pressed, 2s. 8Jd. to 2s. Did. Our trade quotations aro -Common dark tens briDg from 8d. to OJd , medium up to Is., goodlSJd. to lid., fine 15d. to 16d.; dark half-pounds realise from 9d. to Is. Sa., according io brand and quality. Twists are quoted at from la. 8id. to le, 5d" with a very limited BOleotlon of brands. Navy dark brings from Is. to la. 8d, Navy aromatic fetches from 13d. to 18d. Aromatic pounds and halt pounds realise from Is. to la. 6d. Aromatic fancies, in cludlr. g finest light pressed tobacco, command from Hid. to 2«. 4d. Oigan?.-Cheroots soil at 60s., and Manilla Havannah at 659. Ormond Swiss are quittod at 37a. 6d. German cigars realise from 40*. to COi., and flnoat Hamburg reach as high as £10. Genuino Savannah aro sold at £10 upwards. Wines and Spirits.-In -wlnos but a vory ordinary business contlnuoitobo dono.chiefly for actual require- ments. Sales are made of sherry at £16, £20, £32, £40, and op to £80; «hilo ports have beon quitted at £18, £22. £30, £42. £62, £66, £70, and £00. Good cbampagnos are wanted, but wo bear of no parcels offering ; shipments have been quitted at 70s. to 76s, but there Is little doing, tho market being BO baro of stock. A public Bale was hold on Thursday, the 14th inst., when about 83 hhdB. and quarter-casks of shorties, ports, and red wines vero cleared off. Sherry was quitted at £41 to £44 10i. for medium ; £55 10i. to £61 for good qualities. Forts were dtsposed of al samo time at £32 to £42 for good, and £53 to £08 for medium. Sparkling wines wore at samo timo cleared eft at 30s. On Monday, tho 18th, inferior sherry wai sold by auction at £10 to £16 5«. Low bottled sborry was at samo time sold at 10s. to 10'. Od. At samo time ports were sold at £26 to £4710) in bulk, and at 201. to 28s. per dozen in bottlo. In brandies there has boen no change worth notlolog; the nu Mio sales bavo hot been of much consequence, and the business reported privately has not been of any groat extent. Hon noBsy'a pale brandy has generally rated at OJ. 6d., and almoat all the business of the month has been trans- acted at about this prlco ; at auction, however, ou one occasion, as Iowas 6i. 4jd, waa accepted. Martell'd dark wa« sold at Oi 7Jd. to 6*. 0J. For pale we quotd CB. 3d. to 0.-. Od. for hhd?. and quartots. Yesterday and to day, au Inquiry of a speculative character hu) been reported, but the only transaction made publio as jet Is one of 200 quarter-casks of Hennosay'a sold to arrive at a full price. Champagno Vineyard Is bold at extreme rates Otard's Is quitted at 0 '. Jules Robin and Co.'a ia quotodat 6s.,9J. Marett'», CastUlou, and Renault's have beon maintained at 6) 6d Prunier'* dark brandy was sold at 5». 7d, For Associated Vine-, yards up to 6». 3d was wau ted,but s parcel, > qualtolR) hilda., was taken up >n one Uno at ii. lOjd.; sa'os at auc ion wero also made at 4s 10} I. Glozeau'a has beon placed at 6s. to 5a 2d. Ou the 14th inBtaurJ lOOhhds BliqulbDubauchcsand other brandies woro sold by auotlon at up lo Si. 6d. B Frere'« aad Centra^ Vineyard wou'd meet with roady sale at 4s. 01< Ht'nnORty's case b'andy haB been vory slow of late; sales bavo been making at Zfii Od. to 25s. Od., but thore is very littlo doing. Martoll'e case has been disposed of more freo y of late at up to 23s. Otard's caw hal been selling at 22t to 221 G1. For other de»crlpiloni we quote from 17s Od. to 21s, Genova has r.ot bcei very active. Small parcels bavo beon taken up for trado purposes, and an excoptloml line of a more extensive character has also been cleared out as occa- sion r Acred. JDKZ haa beon quoted at 12). 3d, to 12<-, Cd., but at auction 11s. 9d. was taken. V. H. and Co. le quoted at UP. 0d. to lls.Od. For Koy li» has been asked. 1,000 cases of this brand wore quittait at 10J.6U. In the beginning of the month, and at H later period 4 000 caBes of the Bime brand were taken up on private torra». Bum wai celling at 2s. 9J. tn 8s., but IB now quotod at Ss. to 3i. 3d. for 10 o.p Bulk whlikey is quoted at 3s. Od. to 44. and ii. 31, Iho latter figures boing required for Oampbelton. A line of 160 quarlor-caaka Kirkliston WAS closed for last wock on private term«. Sir B. Burnotl'u old tom gool Into the hands of the trado at 12s. Od. to 183. MELBOUKNE WOOL MARKET. McBBrB. B. OOMSBnouon and Co. report :-.? Wool - At the date of our report of last month tho season wat virtually over, and since then tho business transaoted has been but limited, tho total salea being about 1,100 bales, and thero have been chiefly confined to small odd lots and remnants ol clips prevlouily sold. Prlcei bavo been firmly sustained, moro especially slnco tho ¡ arrival of tbo last English mall, the nows of a turtber advance of from 2d. to 3d. per pound having boon obtained at the February sales In London having caused great competition for the few lota which h>vo been brought forward. It is highly gratifying to U.id that wool continues to improve In value; and although g resent ratos are probably equal to the highest which avo been ouïront for fully 20 years past, wo bellevo that they will be maintained for a long timo forward, Our English correspondents wrlto that the demand con; tinuea and Is increasing, an d tbat the trade genorally ia in a most healthy and prosperous state, manufacturers belngecarcely able to keep pace with the orders for gooda. Money was cheap and abundant ; and aa politics wore a aettled aspect, bustnoss was being con- ducted with confidence and with overy prospect of a maintenance of tho high rates which bad beon esta- blished. It is becoming evldtnt that, Instead of tho glut of wool which haa been predicted for several yoa-n past, thore IB now beginning to be au absolute scarolty ot It ; and from an excellent and evidently rollablu artice which appears in the London ' Economist' of January 13, as woll aa from other Bourcos, wo gather the following significant facts :-The wool production of Great Britain for tbo paBt four yea» has boen as follows :-1808, net weight of clip, 165.549,7861b.; 'i860, do., 166,6M,09O'b.; 1870, do., U9,516,0701b; 1871, do., 144,035,7091b. ; thus showing a steady falling-ill each year, and a reduotlon In 1871 of nearly 13 por cent, as compared wliln 1808\. Turning to the United Statis, we find tint tho ylolda during tbo same porlod are as follow : 1808, net weight of clip, 177 000,0001b. ; I860, dj,, 162,000,0001b. ; 1870, do , 103 000,0001b ; 1871, do,1 148,000,0001b, or a reduotlon of nearly l8 per cont. in ' the clin or 1871 as compared with that of 1808, and, j more than 10 por cent, on that of 1S70 The state- ment of import« into Europo from South AmirM shows a slight Increase in 1871 over tbo yield of 1870, but an actual decrease an tbo imports froini tbat countiy In 1868. Tbo retorna are as follow:-, Total imports from Bouth America-1888, 230,161' balcB; 1800 281,611 bales ; 18!0, 220,104 bales; 1871, 236 087 bales. Those figures are the more startling, na It has generally been i upposed i hat an al most unlimited extent of land was available intheSouih American pro , vinces for sheep farming, and that country bas boen looked upon as one of our most formidable competi- tors in the prrdcotlon of wool. We bave not boon able to obtain correct estimates ottbe yield on the continent, | of Europe, but thero la little doubt that a decrease willi be apparent, as the war between Franco and Germany must havo caused a largoly increased consumption, an I also tonded to roduco tho numbera In conec quenco ol the interest being to a great extent neglected during the continuance of the conflict. Tho export from thal Capp, it IB expected, will be stationary, or noarl>| BO, and tho only other imputant sourcos of supply; are these colonies and Now Zealand. The statistic' for the year are net yet complete, but It in generally, believed that there will bo a decrease of about 20,000! baloB in tho total yield as compared with that of las>.¡ year. We have thus seen that tbere is a largo decrease In tho pioductlon of Great Britain, tho United States of America, and probably the continent< of Europe, and that a further decroaso may bo expected from these colorios; in all the other wool- producing, countries Ibo ytold Is stationary, or nearly so. Thoio, is thus an actual falling-eft lu the production at a time when the flourishing state of trade > would admit of a greatly augmented supply j boing readily absotbed. This conclusively leads to tho Inference that the article will be oven in greater demand than at present ; and wo are sanguine enough to hopo and export, that, If tbo prosent state of tradu> continues, wool will reach higher rates than haveytt been realistd. Our advices from tbe up country dit-1 triol s continue satisfactory. Hain was beginning to bo required in seme portions of Riverina, but tho recent welcome change In the weather will to a great extent supply the requirements of tbe different districts, and there is noarly an absoluto cortalnty of another splendid season. Prospects for tho lambing aro favourable, and with the enhanced values of wool and sheep tbe holders of pastoral properties have reason for congratulation, as they will now bo onabled to romody to a great extent tbelr, losses daring the period of droughts and low prlco». Prices current ;-Oroaay.-Inferior, 8d. to 9Jd.; ordi- nary to average, lOd. to ltd.; good to superior, 11J1 ' to is. 2d. Fleece.-Inferior, IB. 2d. to l«. 8d.; ordi- nary to average, Is. 4d. to Is Od. Floece.-Averago ' to good, la 7d. to Is. lOd ; superior, Is. lid. to 2s. 2d. Scoured-Inferior, Is. 2d. to Is. Id.; ordinary, Is 6d. to Is 7d.; middling to' good. Is. 8d. to 1P. lOd.; superior, IB. Hd. to 2*. 2d. Bbcepsklna-Tbo auction «akB of tbo paat month bave been well attended by the trade, and a large quantity of both station and butohert' skins bave passed undor tbe hammer at very Batistjctory prices, olhc tho ' arrival of tbe English mall prices have improve At aiderably, and we quote as follow :-Station skins, trom 4d. to 8Jd. per lb.: butcher«' skin», from 8a. 6d. to 6«. each ; and pelts, with from two to seven monthB' wool, from Is. Od. to 4s. each. Hides.-Notwithstanding the unusually large supply from New Zealand, Queens- land, and the slaughteryard« ol this colony, our mar- ket continues veiy firm. We have sold a large quantity , at good prices, and quote wet-salted from 6d. to 6J I. per lb.; dried hides, up to Did. per lb.; ox hides, freshly elaughteicd, from 21s. to 82s. each ; and cow hides, from 12B. to 20s. ca*h. Callibina aro worth from 6Jd. to 7d. per Ib. Leather.-At our weekly eales wo have sold several parcela of kip up to 2s. per lb,; sole, from lid. to 1«. per lb. ; and tanned kangaroo at 8s. per Ib, Kangaroo skins are in good demand, and, when in sound condition, roallso high prices Wo bave Bold large size», picked, from 2Ss. to 40i. per dozen; medium to large, from Ms. to 20s. per dozen : and small, frrra 8i to tOa per dozen, Tallow.-Tho »tato of the London market baa given dineral satisfaction here, and, In conjunction with the gradually decreasing rate of freight, »as caused P'lcoi to rule blgb at cur eales. During tbe month we have sold D26 casks of all sorts, at the following prices : Superior mutton, up to ¿38 10«. per ton; mutton, from ¿86 Its. to £8710s. ; beef, from £34 to £36 6s,; mixed, from £34 to £36 10?. ; and Inferior, from £28 to £31 per ton. Prer- erved Moats.-The newt re- ceived by the mall of the steadily Increasing de- mand for this article at satisfactory ratos, both on the Continent and in England, will probably cauFe a largo inoreane In our exports. Three of the old companies, which had succumbed under tho pro» auto of low prices, havo been ro organised under now auspices, and have commenced operations with evory prospect of Boon being actively at work. The follow- ing shipments havo been mado during tho month: March 6-City of Sparta, tor London, 3,600 cases; March 6 -Atta, lor London, 2 200 oases ; KoBOiusko, for London 4.468 ca es ; March 7-City of Perth, for London, 60 cases; March 0-Agimemnon, for London, 1.0CO cases ; March 25-Northumberland, for London, 5,173 cases, lotal, 16,488 cases. "SCHMÄHT or WOOL SALES UBI-ORTHD nuRiaa ME MONTH. - j.i», I Bales | Balos *"-."? ¡Offered. | Sold. B. Goldtbrough i.nd Co. The London ami Australian Agency Corporation Limited H. Cuningham and Oo. 2 2 2 609 245 400 477 237 875 0 1,264 1080 .TOTAL SAWS SINCE COMMBNCIMBOT OFSKASOK, OCTOBER 1 TO DATK - Sales. Bales Offered. BaleB Bold. B. Goldsbrough and Co. Tbe London and Australian AgencvCorporation Limited H. Cuningham and Co. 0 J. Dennys and Co.. George Sjnnot Guthrie, Bullock, and Co. .. Buckland and Burnett 24 11 17 10 11 11 10 01.400 7 704 22,t23 8,433 6,079 8,065 1,702 47,378 0,197 17,723 5,927 8,754 2,228 1,006 Total " 04 110,500 84,203 Messrs. HASTINGS CUKIKOHIM and Go's monthly report, season 187172.-" Wool.-Since thedoparture ol last mallthoie has boen very little business dono In this market, only 1,100 bales having been disposed of at public sales. The receipt cf tolegraptaic nowa of Hie opening of tho February eales In London, at an ad- vance of from 2d. to 8d. por lb. on the rates ruling at the previous series, has causod quotations to become firmer, and increased the demand for all descriptions. It is expected that the total number of bales at tho end of this year will chow a considerable falllng-tfl In the produelion as comparod to the last four seasons. Wo estimate that thero will be a de- ficiency of about 12 000 bales, and as 19,000 bales havo been exported direct to America thore will be In all 81 000 bales less shipped to London. The total ship- ments to date show an excetB of some 6,000 bales ovor last season, but the whole ot this year's clip has now come forward, and In futuro the shipments will be confined to fellmongers* parcels of scoured skin wools. Taking Into consideration that it is reported tbo supply from all parts ot the world will be short of laut year, it is confidently hoped that the present satl-fac tory prices will bo obtained for some time to come, Freights aro esslor, and aro obtainable at ono half- penny per pound all round. Quotations since last report are-For greasy, from 8d. to 141d ; scoured from 17d. to 2¡}d. ; fleece from, 16d. to Salid, per lb. The shipments siuco our last roport are as follows: For London, fiom Bobson'a Bay.-City of Sparta, 670 bales, cleared March 6 ; Kosciusko, 2 334 bales, cleared March 0 ; isla, 3,672 bales, cleared March 6 ; City ni Perth, 1,221 bales, c1 oared March 7; Agamemnon, 2,173 bales, cleared March 0 ; Great Britain, via Liverpool. 712 balee, clearod March 20; Northumberland, 607 bales, cleared Msrch 26. Total, 11189 bales. Previous shipments, 160,270 bales ; total shipments for Lon- don, 180,469 balea. For Amorlca, -Toggle Leslie, Montreal, 1,071 bales, clearod Febru-wy 20 ¡ Previous (hlrmonts for tho United Stotes, 17 125 bales ; total shipments for Amerli-a, 19 008 balos. Total ship- ments from 1st October, 1871, to 25tb March, 1872. 169,666 bales ; corresponding period 1870-71, 193,486 bales ; do. 1860-70,187,229 bales; do. 1S68 69. 109,102 bales; do 1607-68,179 D30 baleB; do 1860-87, 151,161 bo] CB. Tbo following ships aro now loading : -Star of Peace», 1,200 bales; ADglosejr, 1,600 bolei; Hamp- shire, 800 bales lbs Calcutta Is also on tho berth Sheepskin--.-Largo quantities have been Bold at the BaleB held during the montb at lull rate». Butcher»' green skins brought trom Si. Od. to 6s. 6d each ; pella, from le. Od. to 4s. each. Dry station skins havo been In demand, and told at from 6d. to Od, per lb. Hides, -Full supplies have been takon by the local trado at prices equal to last month's quotations. Heavy weights roallnod from 25s. to 82-i. oach, light-wolehta from 16s. to 28s. each. Calfskins from 6d. to 7}i, por lb. Wet tilted hides ao'd at from 5d. to 6§d per lb. Tbere are no sbip-onts to report Tal» low.-During tho month we havo held four saloi by motion, and disposed of 315 pipos. Good mutton brought from £86 to £37 10s. per ton, a snporlor sample sold at £88 5s. per ton.; beef, £33 to £35 per ton ; mixed, from £32 to £38 per ton. Freights for London aro being roduced, and pilces of tallow show » corresponding Improvement. Tho shipments this montb amount to 4.818 casks Kangaroo Skins.-We havo r-old a large quantity daring the month, at from 2s. 6d. to 40B. per dozen, according to the size and condition of tbo skins Thore Is very good domand, and lots In fair order are readily sold at full prlcos." TUB LONDON AKP AUSIIULIAN AOENOV Conpoiu HON LIMIIBD reports :-" Wool -By the public and private tolegiams to hand, por K.M.8. Nubla, on Um 18th inet., dated London, 17th February, the present and future prospects of pastoral interests of the Aus- tralian colonies are encouraging, and tho prices of wool nearly approximate to those of the moat flourish- ing times. Our private telegram states thal ' at the opening el tho February eales, groosy »old nt an ad- vance of ljd" washed 2d., and Bcoured 3d. to 41, per lb. over elOBing rates of last November salos; that Continental buyers were eager competitors, and tim aspect of the general trado of the country was good.' The chief feature of Interest in the home wool market has been Its excited state, and tho continued and rapid rise in prices. Dealers in tho manufacturing districts at the commencement of the February eales were bare ol stock, nnd manufacturers were generally far from being well supplied, and it is estimated that the quantity offered will be about 80,OOObaloslesBthan in February 1871\. In the Loudon ' Economist,'ot tho 18th Janu ary, thero Is an excellent review ol the wool trade of 1871, which appoars to have beon carefully compiled; and with tbe exception of the estimated consumption of 225,000,0001b. by the French and Gorman soldier« during tho lato war, is apparently correct. Tbo fol- lowing return of importation of Victorian wools Into tbe London market, taken from Holmuth Schwarlze'» Circular, will be Interesting to our country friends, During tho J car 1806, 141,291 bales; 1807, 169 600 bales ; 1868, 211,243 bales; 1809, 206,053 balos; 1870, 209,038 bales; 1871, 210.476 bales. There is a Blight variation in Brown and Eagle'd return. The various reports of borne brokers tond to show that tho extra- ordinary advanco in prices of our staple will most probably be lasting. The general nowa by tho Ia a mail was vory encouraging to all parties, and has had the effect cf stimulating trade, and the remnants ot this season's clips have consequently realised en- hanced rates. During the past month six public Bales have been held In this markot, and 1,114 bales Bold, all of which hove realised very satisfactory prlcos, considering that the wools offered were mostly In very small lots and of ordinary and lnforior character.1 Freights ato now obtainable at id. all round. We give tbo following quotations ai nominal:-Greasy,, -Inferior, 7d. lo 8tL per lb ; medium, 8}d. tolOd. do ; good, lid. to lBd. do.; superior, 13d. to 15d. do. Sllpe \- Inferior, 7d. to Od. per lb.; medium, Od. to 12d. do.; good, 12d. to 15}d. do.; supoiior, 16d. to 17}d. do (Scour ed-Inferior, lOd. to 14}d. per lb. ; medium, lid. to 18}d. do; good, 18}d. io 22d. do.; superior, 22d. to SOd. do. Fieeco-Inlorlor. 15d, to 17a per lb.; medium, 17d. to 10}d. do.; good, 19}d, to 22}d. do. i superior, nono offering. Tho follow-' ing Bblps have cleared elnco our last, viz :-1872 * -February 20-Maggie Lonllo, for Montreal, 1,071 bales ; March 5-Olly of Spatta, for London, 401 biles;, March O-ÄBIS, for London, 8,308 bales; Kosciusko,! for London, 2,335 balos ; March 7-City ot 1'orlh, for London, 1,285 bales ; March 9-Agamemnon, for Len-, don, 2,178 bales ; March 22-Great Britain (s s ), for Liverpool, 712 bales ; March 26-Northumberland (s.a.), for London, 507 bales ; total, 12 732 bales, To which add previous shipments, 186.814 biles. Total shipments since let Octoter, 1871,199,040 bales Vessels Loading-For London-Mosos Day, Btarof. Pence. Hompthlro, Angletoy, Caloutta. For Uvorpool -Loch Tay Loch Earn. Sbooptklns.-La* go quanti I ties aro continually brought forward, and ara eacerly bought up at rates ruling as follow :-Full-wonlled eklDB, 4s. to 6s, eacb : greeu pelts, Is 6d. to 4i. oaoh ; dry Btatlon skint, {rom fld. to 8|d, per lb. Hides - ; Tbo market it well Bupplod, and pricos show an up- ' ward tendency. Green bullock hides realise from 22« to S2d. 0J. each ; cow-bldos, from l63, to 22'. o»ch ; wet salted hide«, from 4Jd, to Od. per lb ; call-kins, ' Cid. to 8d. perib. Tallow.-The Molbourno Chamber ot Commotco, by a circular addtessed to brokers and others on-raged In the .tallow trade, drow attention to tho reprehensible practico of fraudu'eat packing ; ' and thlfl practico bas drawn forth some stringent ¡ lemarks from the London brokers. One states:- , ' We notice with regret tho many instance) of adultoi allon with water, flour, _c. («omollmcs. to tho extont of nearly 80 por cent ). which ' not only renders the sale of theso individual parcels difficult, but easts a ceitaln amount of suspicion on other branda that aro doubtless pure.' Tbo ? Importe of tallow into London during tho ptBt year ahows an Increase of 4,627 casks from Australia and New Zealand, while the total Importation into the London markot during tbo ¡car 1871 was somo 8,818 ? ciuks lees lost than the previous year. During tho ' past month the usual sales havo been held in this market, and largo quantities sold at from 10s. to 20s Eer ton over last month's quotations. Wo quoto: lutton from £30 to £37 12s. Od ; boor, £33 10s. to £34 16s.; and mixed from £82 6s. to £86 5H per ton. Tho shipments of the month amount to 4,669 casks and 81 pipes. Freight Is now obtainable at 60s. per ton Kate of Exchange.-The banks quote-60 dava' sight, hu*t ing rate, i per cont disoount ; 80 days' sight, do,, par ; 60 dtys' sight, selling rate J por cent, premium ; 30 days' tight do., li per cent, premium Stationl. Blnco our last report, on tbo 28th ult., active inquiry tor pastoral properties continues, and four stations have beon sold at satisfactory prices ; a sharo In one in Biverina, reported as sold for £16,260, being £0,000 over what samo would have realised this timo last year. The favourablo European ad vlcep, and further advance In prico of wools, have brightened owners' prospects; an advanca ol fully 20 percent, on previous quotations is established. Flrst-clasB stations in the Murrumbidgee district com- mand higher prices than have been obtainable for many years. Pastoral freeholds must still increase in valus, ibis description of propeity being In especial favour, and money for investment abundant. Wo havo sold tbe Alberta and Corona Stations, near-Barrier Ranges, Darling Elver, wltb 12,000 sheep, to Mr. Malcolm Iel Callum, at a satisfactory price." REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The state of Ibis market continues prosperous. Bntincis duilng tbe patt month has been active, transactions have been moro numerous, and spread over o greater number of stocks than in the previous two months, and the general range of prices showB a considerable advance in market value. Honey for Investment continues plentiful, and the farther reduction by the banks of the Intorest on fixed deposits Is gradually bringing out more money lobe invested in debentures, banks, gat and other favourite Blocks. Of all these tho market hot been rather hire, and price« bave advanced. Victorian Government debentures continue very scarce. An Isr-ue cf six per cent, bonds by the Sandhurst munici- pality to próvido part p»jment tor tho Bondlgo Waterworks Company waa all taken by one capitalist, ' at a fair picmlom. A good txient ot bulneta hw been done In bank shares, and all closa at an advance on opening rates. Gas eharos havo bad a limited bust Deep, but alio command higher prices. Insurance con- tinue dcpreBsed. Alluvia' ruines havo had only a vory restricted bu- lnoBB, but in quanz mines transactions have been extremely numorous-a largo daily business taking placo, principally In Sandhurst companies, though Clunes and Stringer's Oreok companies htve also had a good shai o of attontlon The half-yeirly ro port and balance ebeet of tbo Holbourne Meat-preaorv ing Company haa been published and shows vory Bath fact ory progress. ' The amount stated at crodlt of profit and loe» IB £12187 7s. 3d., after placing £3,000 to building and machinery account. A dividend at rato of IO per cent, la proposed. The mining dividends do clared duilng tho mouth amount to £76,140 3«. 4J,, as particularised below. Debenture!, Banks, and Miscellaneous.-Victoria Government alx per cont. local dobonturea have had few transactions. In conseqnenco of continued scarcity and the high pilcos asked. S»los up to £117, and £117 10s. now asked ; five par cent, bavo been placed at £100 10>., and aro bold for £107. Melbourno Corporation six per cent, sold at £108 6>. for bondB due 1870, and bondB due 1882 placed at £110 10d. Ko re- ported transactions in Molb.u'uo and Hobson's Bay bonds, or in New South Wales G jvernment de- bentures. Borne Dunedin seven per cents. In tho market at £112 10a., and Port Obalmera' at £110 £60,000 worth of BIX per cont. debentures Issued by tbo Sandhurst municipality, and having 10 years te run, wero taken at £106 0a. Od. Balarat Bank held for £6 10i. for paid up shares. Colonial B»nk havo been placed at £7 11s. and £7 Ila. 6'i.. and are held for latter rate Commercial Bank havo beon placed at from £4 6i. 6d. to £410s., and close Dim Lind Mortgage p'aced to a email extent at £2 8i. 01. National, Melbourne register, havo boen sold up to £0 Co., and are obtainable at £6 6a ; Londoa register placed at £8 4s ; and Western Australia at same rate. Bank of New South Walos without business. Bank of Victoria have changed bands at £43 to £4310)., and have buyers at £43, tellers at £48 10s. ballarat Gas held for £10, buyers £9 11s. Od. Bendigo Gas sold at £5. Collingwood and Fitzroy have boon sold at £8 18B. to £9 IB , and aro bold for £9 2s. Mel- bourne Gas sold at £6 6s. and £6 Of.. and not now offered under £0 10s. Australian Fire and Marine Insurance nominal at 7s Od.; Lifo eharos held for Hi. Australian Alliance have boon quitted at S5i. National have buyors at 2?. Soutborn Insurance have had a dull market, and close at a Blight reduction ; eales from 18s. to 12s. 6d. Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Ballway have been quittod at £42. Melbourne Meat preserving Company have been in continued request, and prices have advanced ; sales from £6 Is. to £6 4i. Melbourno Omnibus Company without reported business; sharoBnot offered under44s. Mines.-Ballarat and 8undry Districts-Band and Albion Consols bave had a much smaller bmlnosa this month, and prlcoa have rocedod ; salea from £3 Us. to £3 la., closing about £8 6s. Black Horse nominal at 16«. to 20s. Bonshaw nominal at £18, sailor. Oluaos Consols sold to a limited extent at £417s 6d. to£6 2i. Od., closing quiet at £416s. seller. Cornish have been placed at £176, and are obtainable about this prlco. Eaglehawk Union nominal at 10s. to 12s. 0d. Great Gulf nominal at 82s., sailor. Gravel Pits havo had a fluctuating market, closing about £26 ; a very satisfac- tory first yield of COoz 12dwU, from three machines, reported. Koh-i-noor bad anactlve market for a day or two, and rose from 46s. to 06s, but tbey havo since been very dull at 60s. seller. Leviathan nominal at £810s- Long Tunnel fell in consequonce of reduced dividend from £125 to £106 bul have sluco rallied to £112, at which thoy close Lothair Company have had a small business at reduced ratos, salos from £4 4s to £3 12*. 6d. Magdala have had a very fluctuating markot, eales ranging from £3 to £6, according to the nowa from tbo mine, wbich la still Indefinite, and closo quiet at about £3 6s. Melbourno and Avoca nominal at £3 16s. seller, £3 buy er. New North Clunes have been In good nquest, and advanced In value ; sales from £107 10s. to £120, closing with buyors at latter prlca. North Cornish sold to a limited extent at 20a. to 2Si ; mino prospects Improved. North Gipps Land nominal at £9 15s seller. Park receded to l8«., Improved to 17s., and are now being effered at 13i. Ptluce Alfred havo had a fitful market, with very Irrceular prices, salea ranging from 27s. to £4, closing about £2 6i. Prince of Wa'e-, Sebastopol, sold to a small extant at 37«., cum dividend of 2s, and are obtainable at 33?. ox dlvldond. Bed Jacket bave had but little buaiuoBS this momb.and close quiet; sales at 4le to 38a. St. George and Band sold at price withhold (about 25d ) Sultan ncmlnal at 12s. to 18d. Tookey quitted as Iowas £3 for double issue, but have since had some little Inquiry,1 r with eales up to £7 5s. ; buyers at £8, and Boilers Baking £9. United Albion and Pnnco of Wales, nominal at 8s United Hand and Band had an Im proved market early in tbe mon-h, rising to £6, but they havo tinco receded, and close dull at £3 7'. Od.i United Happy Valley nominal at £6 United Ovenb sold to a small extent at £2 16a. to £2 10a , and closo with sellers at £2 10s. Walhalla havo neon Inquired for all tho month, and up to £133 offered without bringing out íhareH. WollLgtou paid-up nominal at 38s. to 42a, United Poverty wero sold down to 8i., but bave Improved to buyors at Oi, sellers aBklng 8i. 6d ; a yield of over 4oz per Ion fiom a new reef ro ported. Winter's Froihold bave fluctuated betwoon £22 and £20. Sandhurst District-Acadia Catherine havo beon In sr>me request, ana sold at 8s. to 8s. 31., with 8'. öd. now asked. Argus Company have changed bands at 18s. Od , and aro obtainable at 14s. Bellevue Tribute hada very active market, and rose from 4B 0J. to8< Od , and cloie dull with 7s. sellers. Bufftlo Hoad Tribute weie placed at 7s. to8i OJ., but have recoded to opening rato. Catherine United have been In good request at steady rates, several large parcels changing hands at 139. to 13a. 3d., closing with buyers at same Comet nominal at OJ. Ellesmere In slight demand, and sold at 8s. till yesterday, when thoy lmprovod to 9s. Empire told at 14B, to 15s. Od., wanted at 14s , and are held for 16B. Energetic askol for at 15s. 9d. Eureka Tribute have been placed at 7-<. to 8«., and are obtainable at latter. Garden Cully United have changed hands at £3 15a.; the four tri butes obtainable at 40s., and Freehold at 11s. Qoldeu Sovereign have had an active but irregular market ; Humorous sales at all rates from 3s. Oj. to 5s. Od., clobli g In demand at 5s. Cd. G, G. Consolidated Com pany cum Tributes placed at 27s. to 27s. 6d" and close quiet at about same. Golden Fleece Company sold to a limited extent at £410*. to £418s., are wanted at £4 14a, and are offored at £410s. The tributes con tlnuo depressed. No. 1 nominal at 15s. 6d., No. 2 at 16s., and No. 8 at 10a. 6d Groat Comet Tribute havolm proved In value, salea contributing from 0a. to 7s., and paid up from 6B. Od. to 7s. Od. Groat Extended HuBtlot's Company have made a conelderable advance this month ; salea from £7 8s. to £10 8s., closing firm, improved stone being raised. Tribute No. 1 havo had law transactions, and close quiet at £8 2s. ex. dtv aotlors ; No. 2havebeen Bold from l8). to24«.6J., and closo with buyors at 24s., sellers at25s Od Grand Trunk Tribute had a moderate business at from 8s. Od. to 4s. Od. G. V. Brooke Tribute havo bad a limited bUBlnesi at 4s Od. to3j. lOd. Hercules withoutroportedbudnom. B ustler's Froebold havo bad limited business at 49-. to 49s. Od., and close with Bellera at 49s. Hustler'« Beef nominal at 21s. sellers, 17s. buyers. Hustlor's Beserve and Imperial Hustler's uoglected. Johnson'? were sold at 26s Cd. to 27s, and close quiet with sellers at 20a. Koch and Bildobrandt Tribute have had a very aotive market, numerous transactions tak hog placo from 12s. up to lös. Cd., closing with Boilers at lit. Lazarus cum No. 1 bavo been in strong re-, quest throughout the month, and advancod from 82s. to 61s., but close a little easier, with sellers at59'. Little Britain nominal at 65. buyer, 91. seller. New Obum and Bellevue Ballway Reserve have bad an Im- proved maiket, with eales from 201. to 82j. Now Chum and Bellevue Frcohold Tribute sold at Is. lOd. t ) 8s. Cd. Now Chum and Victoria Company uomina< ? at 68B. to COP. ; tributo were In good request, and were placed at £50 10a. to £02, and close easier at, £67 seller. New Moon extremely dnll ; eales dnwn to 12s. Nil Desperandum held for 9s. North Hust'er's neglected. North Johnson's Bold to a good extent at ; 27«. to 29c, but have since receded, and close about 26B. seller. North Old Chum sold to a moderate extent at 28s. North Shenandoah h wo boon in good favour, and Improved prices ; Bales from lui. to 19<. 8d., closing abcut 18a. Old -Chum very firmly held ; tales from 64*. to 67s., closiug buyers at 65s" sellers 67«. Pomponla placed at Sa. Od. to 4« 0d. Ploneor (Koch't) In good favour; salos from £4to £1 5s.,closing firm Pioneer, Eaglehawk, sold at 7a. to7s. 0 J. Richard Beales Company placed to a limited extent at 16s 6d. to 17'. Od , dosing with sellers at latter; Tribute nrminal at 7«. Od. Boyal Rustler's nominal at 24s. buyer, 26s. seller. South Catherine Bold at Gi. to 0a. 3d. South Extended Hustler's, cum tribute, sold at 12«. 6cl. to 12)., and close with sellers at I81. Sham- rock Company advanced from 131. Od. to l8 '.OL, aaû clofo about 18s, Cd. Shenandoah Company have had an active markot ; numerous eales at from 251. 0d. to 31s , doting about 28s. The tribute have been llttlu dealt In, and close at about 11s, Od. South New Moon wore lu active demand for a couple of days, and roio from 5a Od. to 7s. 3d., but bavo BUice receded to opon log rates. St. Mungo nominal at 7» St Mungo-hlll sold to a fair oxtent at Is Id. to Is. 4d. Thistle Tribute p'aced at up to Is, Od , but close dull at Is. fid. seller. Union Jack, Napoleón«, dull of sale at 81. Union Jack.Boatbcoto, at 2a, 9d. Victoria Oold Mines fold at 66s, 0d,, and close quiet at 57a. 61. eellor. West Cashalton Tribute nominal a.lfi>. 3d eollor. Whito and Black Lead Tribute advanced from 4s Cd. to Sr. 8d., but have aluce receded, and close with sales down to 4s, 3d. Wilson's held for l8). For latest transactions see roport In Commercial column. Tho mining dividends declared during tho four weeka ending March 28 amount to £76.149 8a. 4d., of wbich £67 600 17s. 4d. woie distributed by quartz and £17,542 6s. by alluvial companies. Toe dividends In dotall aro as follow :-For week ending March 2 Alma Consols, Maryborough, 2). por 6 OOOth £000 ; Galatoe; Scarsdale. 5s. per 2 HOth, £525 ; Golden Stream, Scarsdale, 10s per 2,000th, £1 000 ; Haddon, Haddon, £3 per 64th. £102; Cornish United Band burst, £1 per 800th. £800 ; Great Extended Huatlor's Tribute No. 1, Sandhurst, 8s, por S8.000th, £11200 ; Bute, Maryborough, £7 lOi, per 40th. £800 ; Band and Albion Consols, Ballarat, Os. per 22 450th. £0 735 For week ending March 9.-New Chum and Vlotorla, Sand burst, Sd. per 26 OOOth, £937 10s.; Newchum and Vlotorla Tribute, Sandhurst, £3 per 800th, £1,400 ; Shenandoah, New Obum and Bellevue Tribute, Sandhurst, lOd. per 24,000th, £1,000 ; Victory, Sand- hurst, Od. per 80 OOOth, £762 S).; Alfred, Sandhurst, £8 per 24tb, £72; Golden Fleece, Sandhurst, la. 6d. per 20,000th, £1,(00 ; Garden Gully United, Fahdhurst, Cd. per 26,422nd, £060 Ila ; Garden Cully Tribute, Sandhurst, 6d. per 23,760th, £593 16s ; Royal Oak, Bandhurst, Cd. per 24,000th, £600; Band of Hope, Maryborough, 2a. per 0,000th, £600; Seaham, Maryborough, 2a. per 6,000th, £900; Golden Lako, Springdallah, 5s. per 4,400th, £1,100 ; Cornish, Daylesford, 10s, per l,800tb, £050; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £2 per 2,400tb, £4,800; New North Clunes, Clunes, bonus of £3 10a. per 2,050th, £7,196; Central Garden Gully Tributo, Sandhurst, l8«, per 2 000th, £1,800. For week ending March 10. LazaiuB New Chum, Sandhurst, la. per 45,000.h, £2,260; G. G. Consolidated, Sandhurst, Sd, por 49,000th, £1,225 ; Great Extended Huatler's Tribute, No. 1, Sandhurst, 7a. per 28,000tb, £9,700; Old Obum, Sandhurst, Cd. per 27,000th, £675; Argyle, Lintoc's, 4s. per 8,200tb, £640; Blaok-hlll, Ballarat, Gs. per 2,480tb, £020 ; Haddon, Haddon, £4 per 64 .h £266; Pilnco of Wales, Sebastopol, 2s. per 8,843rd, £884 61. For week ending March 23:-New Obum and Vlotorla, Sandhurst, 6d. per 25 OOOth, £625; Now Obum and Victoria Tribute, Sandhurst, £2 69. per BOOtb, £1,800 ; Glengonner, Ballarat, 2a. per O.COOUl, £600; Great Xxtended Bustler's, Sandhurst, 2d. por :8.000th, £2,800; Golden Fleece, Handhur.t, li. per 20,000th £1,0(J0 ; Golden Sovereign, Sandhurst, 0d. per 24,000 b. £600 ; Seaham, Maryborough, 4<. per 6,000th, £1,200 ; Band ti Hope, Maryborough, 6s. per O.OCOtb, £1,600; New North Clnnei, Clunes, £1 per 2,06fltb, £2 058; South Cathe- rine, Esglobawk, 4d per 2 500tb, £413 13i. 4J.; Freehold United, Ilepburn '¿i. per 2,400th, £240. Tbe districts from which the above mining dividends were deilved rank BB follow In order of amount distri- buted l-Smdhurat, £42,904 17r. 4d.; Clune», £9,262; Ballarat, £8,789 6s; Gipps, Lond, £4,800 ; Mary- I boiougb £4,800; Smythesdale, £3,713; Daylesford, | £800, Iho total mining dividende for tbe throe mai periods tinco January 1 stand thus ¡-Four woeks ending January 27, £61,817 OB. 4d. ; four wosks ending February 24, £94,879 4s. ; four weeks ondlng March 23, £76,140 3s. ád.-making a gross total tor the year to date of £281,875 7a 8d.-reported by publlo com- panies, to which a considerable further turn would require to bo added for private componiei and for public companies not reported, SHIPPING AND FREIGHT KEPORT. Mr. 8 Dï BKER reports ;-" Tbo porlod which has intervened since date of my last circular of 29ih ult. has through ut been characterised by oonBlderable dulness in freights generally, and especially as regards thote to Great Britain ; tbo usual scarcity of oargo contingent upon the closo of our wool season, os a natural consequonce, having had a marked and p-eju dlclal'efltctupun rates of freight recently and at pro eent currant- it Is satisfactory, however, to note that, although not so numerically large, the tonnage ot ships despatched with colonial produce during the mail month ia not only upon a par, but in excess, by 916 tons reglitor, of that ndrised at same period last year ; tbo clearances to bo now rtpoitcd aggregating 10,097 tons, as against 9 782 tons In 1871, and consist of tho City of Sparta, 1193 tons ; Asia, 2,064; Kosciusko, 1,192 ; City of Perlb, 1,235; Agamemnon, 1,431 ; steamer Northumberland, 1,863, for London, with the Great Britain, stoamor, 1,796, for Llvorpool, and Magglo Loillo, 434, tor Montreal. Having regard to the season of tbo year, the berth tor London and Llvorpool 'may bo looked upon as fully occupied, although the rogistor tonuago it represents is less by 1,742 tons than was tbo case last year at samo porlod; but the prosent deficiency Is to be accounted for by reference to the almost unprecedented lateness of last season's thlpments, cauBed by the great floods of tbe autumn of 1870 The berth for London 1B at prosont occupied by the HOBOB Day, 1,222 tons ; Star of Poace, 1113 ; Hamp sblro, 1,161; Anglesey, 1,012; Calcutta, 2,080 ; and for Liverpool, the Loch Tay, 1,190, and Loch Karn, 1,200. Tho variations wblcb have occurred lu ratet of freight, as will be seen on roforence to my last cir- cular, have not been of much Importance, thoso now current being-for wool, scourod and greasy, all round, id, per lb. ; tallow. 65s. to 60s. ; loather, 60s, ; bark, ground, 60s. ; do., chopped and pressed, 60s.; wheat In bags, 45s , nominal ; m ins, 60s ; rags, in bales, 60s ; artificial manure, in tanks, 80«.; guano, In bulk, 10'.-all per ton of 20cwt. ; preserved meats and other measurement goode, 40s. per 40 cubic feet. The steamer Great Britain took her departure for Liverpool with a fair wind and fine weatbor on 20th lnst., with about 400 passongors ; and the steamer Northumberland left on tho morning of tho 20th inst. tor London, in the face of a strong south-west galo, with tho wholo of her cargo space and passenger ac- commodation Ulled up. Tbo former takoa the route via Cape Horn, the latter that by the Cape of Good Hope. Tho chartering business of the month cannot be characterised as havlug beon active, and only a moderate amount of business bos ¡seen effacled, the transactions to be teported being the following : Coals, Hewcaatlo (New South Wales), to Hoog Kong, tho Arlatos (Norwegian), 631 tons re gistor, 30s.; Adella Carleton (american) 693, 39" Oil; Apelles (British), 1,03t*. 40s. 6d. ; Ilesoerus (Goimw), 236 -Ila.; Ohateaubriand (French), 887,42'. ; E. J. Sponco (colonial), 519,42t.,* Restless, 289 (colonial), from tamo port, and with similar cargo as the fore- going, to Bangkok and back with produce, at 62-, fid. for the round ; Wressel Castle, 316 (colonial), one or morepoits lu Java (proceeding lhere via Hong Kong) to Holbourne, at a rate kept private; British ship Calcutta, 2,080 tons, boneo to London with general produce and pafsoogor». £6,000 ; Swedish Bblp Za-ltza, 806 tons, coals, Newcastle to Hono- lulu, at 33s. and gusno, from Maldon Island to Liverpool, at a rate which ha? not transpired. The same active demand whloh lor a considerable time paBt has ixlBled for tonnsgo to load coals at Nowcistle for various ports still continues, especially for Hong Kong; and but for the small amount of dltengagdd tonnage In our waters a much larger business would no doubt bave been effected, and at rates satlifsctory to shipowners. It Is worthy of note that several largo ships bave recently arrived, fixed for coals to Hong Hong at port of leaving, at 7'. Od. to IO), pertonuudor the rate« procurable hero on their ar.lva'. Our present current quotations a-e :-Loading at New- castle, SB under, viz.-Hong Kong. 41s.; Shanghai, 46s-; Singapore, 22-J. fid.; Yokohama, 44) ; Sou i Francisco, 40s ; Honolulu, 36s ; at which figures tboro exlBts a general activo demand, Tbere it no appre- ciable change to refer to In tho coal trado between h ewcsBtloanü this port, and no higher figure than 12s. can be quoted for delivery on the wharf at Holbourne. A fair demand is apparent for veseels sui'sble for our coasting trado, and tho following have ehougciLhands privately durlDg the month-viz , the Naiad, 2ln tons, built at Piince (-.'award's Island in 1865. then 7 years Al ; and the Fairy Queon, 223 tons, built at Aberdeen In 1863. flvo years Al, t gether, to one bujer, at £3,876.» Messrs. AtmsD WooiljEy and Oo. report:-"Our last advicos reached to tbe 20th ult. By the It.II 8. Kubla we recolved. on tbo 15tb inst., our usual Euro pean advices, but owing to tbo non arrival at Galle of the Chita mall steamer, Mero deprived of a fortnight's news from that quarter, bokldes the mala portion of our correspondence. The intelligence, however, so far as it reaches, was highly favourablo. and the rosult is manifektiu the Increased freights givou, especially to Hong Kong. Tonnage has come In very sparingly, and from this cau-e alone Is to be attributed tbo de creaBO apparent in the number of transactions during tho last four weeks. Offerings are as plentiful as ever, and a*, oxlsting rates stem likely to bo maintained for a time, ships to arrive will have on excelloat cbotce of bueinessand should do well. With the exooption of a couple of vessels walling next ma'l'-i advicos, we have no dlBengaged tonnago In port For London.-The berth being cleared of several large Bblpa, Including tho Bteamors Great Britain and Northumberland, not more than sufficient tonnago IB left for requirements, as there 1B only tbe Moses Day (full), Anglesey, Star ot Peace,Hampsbire,andCalcutta,nowlo*tdlng.Tbefrelght market has In const quenco improved in tone, though rates aro not so high as at dato of lost report. The clear- ances for tbo month aro tho City of Sparta, Asia, KotciuBko, City of Perth, Agamemnon, and s s. Nor thumbcrlsnd; the latter, niter a mtgnlflcent intro- ductory voyage returning vii the Capo ot Good Hope a full »hip both as regards passengers and cargo For Liverpool, tho Great Britain, s t" tailed, via Capo Horn, on the 21st lnst., with tomo 400 pansongora and a full cargo, and the Loch Tay clews to-day with a cargo of wheat and 120 bales cotton. For Bordeaux an experimental cargo Is going forward by the Ieabello, and we trust it will bo the prooursor of a regultr trade hereafter. For Oalcutta, the City of Hankow, Hydrabad, arid British Peer havo gone on in ballast, seeking. Tho James Service (just arrived) 1B to return with a ca*-go of horeos For Hong Kong, the Aristos, /della Carleton, Chateaubriand, E. J.8pooce, Hetporus and Apelles wero chartered to loadooal at Newcastle. For Shanghai no tonnage has been ob- tainable rates not being considered equal lu com- parison with those ruling for other ports. For the Mauritius the Mario bas boon fixed to tako on coal. For San Francisco, tho King Philip. Maud Helen, P.ose 51, and Violette return via Newcastle with COBIB undor existing charters. The following vessels have changed hands:-Naiad, 297 tons register, built in 1805, then classed for 7 y eira, £2 500 ; Fairy Queen, 213 tonB register, built la 1803, then classtd for five years £1,875. Settlements made are as follow :-Calcutta, 2,080, Melbourne to London, privólo terms; Aristos, 631, and Adolla Carleton, 593. Newcastle to Hong Kong, 39s. Gd ; Apelles, 1,030, Newcastlo to Hong K-ing. 40a. Od.; Chateaubriand, 887, K J Spence, 510, and Bosporus, 230, Newcastle to Hong Konif 42* ; Mario, 420, Newcastlo to Mauri- tius, 24s ; Zuitza. 806, Newcastle to Honolulu, 38i ; thenco to Malden Island and Europe, 60], guano. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST BÜMMARV. [B., British; A.. American; Au, Austrian; Da., Danish; D., Dutch; F., French; Ch., Chilian; P., Poitugueto; H. Hamburg; Hn" Hanoverian; I" Italian ;'&., Norwegian ; N. G.. North Gorman ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish; Belo;., Belgian; Br., Bremen; R., Russian; B., ship; b., barque; br., brig; BC,, schooner ; s.S., steamer.] Feb. ARMVED 29\. Roie IS., B. b.. 806, W. S. Pendlotou, Burrard'« Inlet, Biltlsh Columbia,-James Henty and Co. Mar. 1\. Rebecca Jane, B. br., 210, Wm. Cooper, Jlaurltlu». -Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 1\. Alma, B. b., l63, 8. Finlay, Batavia.-Spence Brothors and Co. 2\. Maud Helen, B. b., 700, Thomas F. Martin, Bur rard'a Inlet.-Turnbull, Smith, and Co 3 Anglesey, B. s., 1,012, A. WIgnoy, London.-J. H. Wblto and Co, 5 Marie, F. b., SEO, O. Fitel, Mauritius,-Joshua Brothors 6\. Naiad, B br., 297, John Punch, Sourabiya.-Vic torla Sugar Company, 8 Calcutta, B. a , 2,080 William King, Liverpool. Blight Brothers and Co. 8\. Fairy Queen, B. br., 223, D. L. Llmmex, Hong Kong. L. Kong Meng and Co. 8 Heeoeius, N G. br.. 280, N. Spring, Balgon. Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 8 Zariba, S. «., 806, O.A. Skaritze, Gothenburg. Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 8\. E J Spence, B. b, 619, A. Storey, Oilcutta - Spenco Brothers and Co. 0 FormosB, A. 8,1,261, Cbas. H.Allen, Now York_ > Lord and Co. 9\. Isibello, F b , 280, Louis HervG, Mauritius.-Dal- gety, Blackwood, and Co Match. 15\. Nubia, B.M S S , 2000, A. B. Farquhar, Callo F. R. Kond'll - 15 Isournroifl, H.I. RuBalan Majesty's steam corvette 1 SOO tons, 7 guns, 860 horse powsr, Michael Ooumany, Hong Kong 8,-d January, Madoura Island 27th January, 16\. Violette, B. b., 882, A. Wilson, Burrard's Inlet. James Henty and Co. 17\. City of Glasgow, B. s,, 1,163, J. Black, London - Vlrgoe, Son, and Co. 18\. Chateaubriand, F. b. 887,|Francls HervG, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers, 21\. Boyal Adelaide, B. B" 1,885, Wm. Huntor, Liver- pool-Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 22\. Magnet, A. a., 680, J. E, Crosby, Boston.-Newell and Co. 25\. Lech Ness, B. a., 1,190,Thoa. Meiklejohn,Glasgow. -Holmes, White, and Co. 26\. Ophir, B. b., 410, J. Ouster, Mauritius.-Turnbull, Emltb, and Co. 26\. Dauphin, F. br., 820, E. Le LMonals, Mauritius. Dalgety, Ibbotson, and Co. 26\. Jam« Service, B. b., 411, H. Muckersy, Calcutta. -Boyd and Currie. Feb. B(CLKAHKD OUT. 29\. Maggie Leslie, B h, 484, J. Robertson, Montreal. -Turnbull, Smith, and Co. 29\. City of Hankow, B a, 1,194, G. Napier, Calcutta, -Bright Brothers and Co. ¡ March. 1\. Baroda, B.M.S.8., 1,282, J. Ronnaldson, Galle. F, R. Kendall. 5\. City of Sparta, li. «" 1,103, D. Andereon, London. -Wm. Crosby and Co. 6\. Jane Marla, B K,841,GeorgeLeggett,HongKong, vlft Newcastle.-Kong Meng and Co.) 6, Rurlk, R. b., 818, J. Bergeland, Rangoon.-Geo. Arnold and Co. 6\. Koiclusko. B. F.. 1,192, James Lawson, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 6\. Aala B. s, 2 064, Vf. Cummings, London -A. Maclarlan and Co. 7\. City ef Perth, B. ? , 1,188, Alex. Becket, London -Bright Brothers and Co. 7\. Bydrabad, B. a , 1 B60, O. Holmwood, Calcutta. Wm. Crosby and Co. 9, Agamemnon, B a., 1,431, R. Marsden, London. J. H, White and Co. l8. Alistes,N. b.. 631, O.E. Klldahl, Hong Kong, via Newcastle.-Bury, Leech, and Co. B "' vÇeAa^dV'220' J- R'«»«.aTL 18- A-ice:1,C30'J-u MXay' Gu""-p- ». 20\. Great Britain, B. s.S., 1,795 John Qrav ri". pool.-Bright Brothers and Co. '. L1VM 22\. Adello Carlo ton, A. b., 694 tons, G. H n..i.. Hong Kong via Newcastle-Lord and Co ' 25 'Northumberland, B, s.s,, 1,368. H. H in... London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. - mma> 26 Hoiperus, D. to., 281, W. Spring, Hong Kent- vi* No ictstle.-Turnbull. Smith, aSd Co *'TiS 26\. King Phillip, B. P., 1,189, M. J. Daly Ban sw Cisco, vlft Newcastlo.-J B. BwMeyindOo 27\. Loch Tay, B. r" 1,101, A. Scott, Llveriml HolmeB, White, and Co. '«nnoi.«. -. -vj SHIPS CLBAEED OUT WITH COL0ÑIAI PRODUCE. wwiM, FKB 20. Maggie Leslie, for Montreal.-1,071 balos wool. MARCH 2 Baroda, R.M.8.8., for Point de Galle.-5 packac«, company's parcels, 1 packago curloaltlos, 87 paokaee* fruit, 88 packages jams, 2 packages cordials 16 packam» .butter, S5 caskB potatoes, 2 cases preserved meats Mi bags flour, 2 packages eoeds 0 tlorcet beef, 1 pack'-«« spec mené natural hiBtory, 1 package nowspipera/l package photogTapbs, 1 paokage simples, 1 ??*&_» documents, 15 cases cbeoso. " VARCH 6. City of Sparta for London.-070 balea wool og bales leather, 4,060 bags balk, 1,290 casks tallow 75 hhds. treaole, 14 bales papor cuttings, 6 bales pálu 600 begs flour, 24 cases butter, 122 bales scrolls 32 casks oil, 171 casks* oleln, 4 tons shonkbones, seo» bags bark 4 balos kangaroo skins, 35 packazos phos. pbales, 8 500 cotes meats, 8.030 bags whoit 51 baloe basils, 108 1 ales leather. ' MARCH 6. Asia, lor London.- 3,808 hales wool, 2,125 casi« tallow, 681 bales leather, 200 bales scrolls, 2,290 cues preserved meats, 2,202 bags 108 bales bark, 417 b\'es rags, 25 oaekt 8 bales skins, 7 tanks bark, 827 toni guano, 80 casks phosphates, 3 coses wine, 126 tiaro» 16 barrels beef, 10 kegB moat, 9 bales gluopleccs,21 8)5 horns, 10 tont IScwt. bones, 9 bales battit, 6 packages Bundilee. Kosciusko, for London-2,835 hales wool, 1500 oakes copper, 2 351 bags bark, IO pipos 565 cssVt tallow, 4 466 cases 67 tlorcca 10 casks 0 kegt preserved meats, 488 bales leather, 185 bags wheat, 2 cues butter, 100 bags shonkbones, 186 bags horns 61 balsa scrolls, 14 bales pelts, 627 Ingots Bpelter, 101 bin aheilt, 1 case apparel. MARCH 7. City of Perth, for London.-1,286 ba'es wool, 6727 bags bark, 4 356 bags wheat. 87 boards 3,031 ci.k« copper, 800 hhds. treacle, 854 oakes spelter, 89 cases 20 kegt preserved moats, 5 quarter-auk* 0 cases -vines 12 casks black tond, 7 packages sundries, 29 balee basile, 802 bales loathor, 4 casks antimony. MARCH 9. Agamemnon, for London.-2,173 bales noel, Soo balee -crolls 131 bales leather, 24 holes basils, 17 biles papor cuttings, 160 bales bark, 19 Wales sheep-kins, 1 000 cases preserved meats, 3 109 bogs bark, 277 castes tallow, 76 casks treacle, 1 case kanguroo Bklns, 0 ci-x-c boots, 1 caso woollens, 1 caso engraved forms, 13 pací» ages effects. MARCH l8. Alisios, for Hong Kong, vlft Newcastlo.-O box-ie luggage, 1 cato leather. MAROU 20. Great Btilnin, for Liverpool.-712 balos wool, 2420 baes bark, 13 oates wine, 0 cates preserved meals, 6 packngeB sundries. MAHCH 25. Northumberland, for London.-607 bales wool, 6,17$. catos preieived meats, 180 bales leather, 318 ct>ia tallow, 850 bags bark, 356 bags antimony ore, 105 bags lead ora, 38 casks block Bond, l8 casks Ingot tin, 10 bhds pjiltOB, 1 hhd. 74 COBOS 1 packoio wines, 143 packages butter, IO casks lard, 4 packages rabbit skim, 4 casos natural history specimens, 21 cases drugs li skckB seed«, 3 cases hooks. 8 packages merchandise. MARCH 27. Loch Tay, for Liverpool.-12,651 'bags wheat, 1,000 baga fl.ur, 119 bales cotton. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE, LAST MAIL. MARCO 1. Baroda, RM.S.S., for Galla-Fastengers-cabin : For King Goorgu'n Sound-Mia. King and two infants, Mr. Rosser, Mr. Anthony Trollope, Ur. Joba Haihan.Fir Gallo-Mr. M'Oauehey. For Bombay -Mrs. Martin ni.d Infant. For Calcutta-Hi«« Pennon. For Suez-Mr. Jas. Paris, Mr. and Mrs» Walbor and three children, Mr. G. L. Donla, Mrs. «ni Mis* Can oron. For Brlndlsl-Mr. and Mrs. Q. Eldo-, male and female servants ; Mr. Kermode, Mr. J. Caterson. Mr. Houston, Ur. Hugh Smith, Ml« Nasmytn and «rrvaut, Dr. W. H. Wckoy, Ur. F. W. Holland Mr. Thoa. Robort«. Mr. F. Wentworth. Fir Southampton-Mr. 0. M'Klnnon. Miss Parbury, Mr. Hodgetts. Miss Bond, Mr. J. H Halllburton, Ur. H. II. Anderson, Mr. and Urs, Barraclouth, Mijor and; Mrs. Bonham. MARCH 6. Asia, for London.- Paasongers-cabin : Mr. «ndMra. Edward Eanstein, Misa Baustein, Mastora Hanstein, (cwo), Mrs Mary Ann Wigmore Mi«. Strutt, Mi« birutt, MU» Alice Strutt, Miss Bertha Stiu'.t, slait-r Strutt, Mr. G.iorge'P. CliBird, Mr. nud Mrs. Qe>'.¡» Staples awl i hlld, Mr. Morton Robinson, Wra. Olarko, Mli>s Clarke, Miss Laura Clarke, Hin» Kmlly Clarke, Mian Catherine Clarke, Ml<s Armour, Ur. James M'Kelvle, Mr. D. W. Smith, Miss Krnstone, Dr. Whittaker; and nine in the second cabio. MARCH 9. Agamemnon, for London. Passenger«-caMn : Mr. atd Mrs John Stewart, Mrp. R Marsden, family (two), and servant; Dr. E. Chinnery, tho Messrs. Neilson (two), the Mimes Neilson (two), Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rowo the Rev. A. Hartmann, lady, and family (two); Mr. and Mrs. John R. Oundell. Mr and Mrs Laneley Boll Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Borren, lull s Fmquharson Mr. BL 7. Siahlscbmldt, Mrs. Hunter, Mr Charles H< nter, Mr ? Albert D. Dow. Mr. A. Dull, Mr. John F. Newman. Master T. H. Hagonnaur, Mr. Henry Oliver, Or. Still- well ; r. Ed 74 iu tho'tween deck«. MARCH 20. Groat Britain, B.B., for Liverpool. Passengers cabin : Mr. J A. Fawns, Mrs. K. Kirkland, MISB Kirk- land, Miss E. Wilson Mr. J. Robertson. Hra. U. Robertson, Mian M. Robertson, Miss 0, Robertson, Master T, Robertson, and servant ; Mr. R Bowen. Mrs. Lamb, Mr. Samuol Lindsay, Miss Lindsay, Miss Eliza Lindsay ; Captain Lovett, and manservant; Mr. 0. ¡¡haw, Mrs. 0. Show, Mr. Hy. Oavia, Ur«. Hy. Davis, Mr. F. 0, Guerln, Mrs. G. albion, Frank Gibson, Mary Gibson, Alico Glbaon, Kate Gibson, and servant ; Miss Mary Wood, Mrs, Klrcber, MUB Klrcber, Ma-tom G. Klrcber, 0. Kircher, Miss E. KIrchcr, Miss F. Kircher; Mr. J. Napier, Mr. J. PIcrco, Mr. M'Lean, Mrs. U'Lean, Miss Annie M'Lean, nureo and Infant Mr. Findlay, Mrs. Findlay, Mr. P. H. Atherton, Mrs. A. W. Atherton, Mr. E. G. Robert» son, Miss Napier, Mrs. Dynon, Jos. Dynon, Mr. J. Cameron, Hr.W. Philcox, C, F. Williams, Mr. Buchan, Annie D. W. Buchan, Louisa J. Buchan, Helen M, L. Buchan, Wilhelmina G, Buchan, Agnes F. Buohan. Jas. F G Buchan, Emma J. A. 0. Buchan, Wm. F. S. E. Buchan, Mr. F. Walford, Capt. Thomson, Mr. Thos. Sa j woll, Mr«. Tho«. Saynoll, Mr. A. S. Rathbone. Mrs. Armytage, Miss Flexmore Cecil Armytage, OBCtr Armytago, Herbert Armytage, and sorvant, Cha«. Voul ; and '80S «tecrago, intermediate, second, and. third class passengers. MARCH 25. Northumberland, B. B.B., 1.363, H H. Bhlnner, Lon- don. Paf songere-cabin : Sir James and Lady M'Oul Incb and servant. Lieutenant R. H. Biron, R.N., Mrs.. Brron and sei vant, Dr. and MrB W. R Pugh, Rev. William and Mr«. Smyth and family (three), Rev 0\. Moir Rev. George Scott, Mr. and Mr«. J. D. Gowan and family ('ou') and servant, Mr. and1 Mrs. M'Duugull, child and servant, Mr. and Mr«. T. B. Powys-Keck, child and two servants, Mr. atd Mr. N Harris and two chlldron Mr and Mrs. H. Koch and family (»oven), Mre. A. Thunder, family (four), and servant, Mrs. Thomas Evro and two children, Mr William Peterson, family (four), and ser- vant, Mr. and Mr. William Beech, Mr. and Mrs. G. EL Watson Mr. and Mr» J,,ha Chappell, Mr. and MrB. S. J. Dowd, Mr. and Mr«. Thos, Hodson, Mrs. O'Koeflo, Mrs. R M Slewnrr, Mr«, D. Nimmo, Mia« Flaxman. Mitta Miles, KI Ii 8 Hodgson, Miss Mooro, MIBB Loder. Miss L. Moore, Mr.R.Keatoandsorvant, Messrs. H. U, Strachan,. Alexander Anderson, H. L. Wheeler, George Fair- bairn, M Callum, John Trencbard, Henry Andrade. F. Webb, jun,, George Somerville, Thomas Smyth W. FdmundBon, Thomas Hayman, W. B. Williams, 8. L Crawford, L. Sayce, James Moore, W. C. Losley, Alex- ander lilly, Archd. Taylor, Henry Carter, Charles Wood, Dr. J. J. Macan, Captain J. D, Collard ; and 233 In thoBccond and third cabins. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. ?WEDNESDAY, MAROR 27. Amount of Loan, DEBIKTUUBS. Closing; Prices. £ 1O00O0O Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 por cent. & 117-ll7ir 106} 107Î 800000 Viet Government (local), 6 per cent, 10000O Melbourno Corporation, 6 per cent. 109-111 10000 Ballarat Water. 8 per cent Ballarat Municipal, 8} por , cont. .. - - Collingwood Gas, 6 por cent 1011026 60000 Melbourne Gas, 7 per cont. Mclb. & H. B. United, 8 105 107 80300 percent - 186400 - 168800 105 100000 Do., 5 per cent. .. ... 98 94 21700 Bondlgo Waterworks, 6 per cont .. 1 - 20000 Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., S per cent. .. - Last i Í e. dlv. ¡j .Ô PrjBUO COMPANIES. percent Clewing S* 00 2 per Prices. ° T &4 £ annum. £ BANKS. ' A 65000 10 10 6 1 Bah Bankg. (limit) Do., now issuo .. 10 }OH$. 437600 220000 10 6} Colonial of Austrat 8 , 71 10 4 Commercial of Aus tralla (limited) .. 6" , 4i 100000 1« 2 Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (limited) .. 10 _ 600000 6 i National of Austral 10 el 1900000 20 20 NowBouth Wolca.. 15 40 600000 60 26 ( Vlotorla (Mol.rcg.1 1 Do. (London reg.) }10 4S-4BJ. 600000 10 2 Land Mortgago .. GAB COMTAK1BS. io. 81-2} 80000 10 7 Ballarat 10 9J-10 24908 6 6 Bendigo 6 6 14990 6 6 Castlemaine 5 i 76000 2980 6 10 6 Colllngw'd ¿.Fitzroy 0 Daylesford (limited) 10 125 9-91 24430 6 4 Geelong 10 f 6 3 1 f 8 A 210000 i 6 5 V Holbourne ?! 8 I» IO IKSDRANCB. 8 Ml 126000 6 2* Austral. Fire & Mar. 1« 7». 64. 2600Oi 6 ! Australasian Life .. 10 14s. 40000 6 1 Australian Alliance. 10 86>.*37c 16260 - 3 National Fire Insur. 2«. 100000 6 l Southern Insurance 6 12}«. 40000 60 1 Victoria Life & Gen. 10 83^ 100090, 60 26 Victoria Fire & Mar. KIBCB1LANBOU8. 8 80-31 17876 10 C'Gippa Lnd. SteamN. 7} Maritime & General 8 " - 87600 10 1 CredltCo. (Limit.) 12} - 88400 - 5'Melb.Meat-Presrvg. 10 el 12383 60 60 MelbourneExch'nge 6 17 12000, 1 1 Studley Park Bridge Victorian Ice 6 - 7000 20 20 12} 18-19 I RAILWAYS. 631700 50 50 Kolb.4tHob.Bay Ud 5 42 41 Printed and published by BCGU Girad»«, a» Ti» Anot s Office, Collins-'.ttoot, Melbourne, lor WilAVBt' and MACHINAOS, proprietor«. 