, '; '.:. '??',;.' police; ?? ??,„???;? ' ? A Dane, named James Ease, was charged in the Gity Court on Feb. 16 with stoalirig spoons from the boarding-home of Mri W. Scores, Lonsdale-sfcreor. He pleaded guilty to the offence, but took the opportunity of warning the prosecutor to aee'iire hia pro perty more, caroiuuy uurcng me nigqi. ; no himself had found , the spoons lying. openly on tho sideboard, and the temptation was too great for him to resist. He regretted the thoft almost immediately, and was going to return the spoons, but became frightened ori finding tho inmates moving abohttiie'honee. He was sentenced to one month's imprison-; mont. A characteristic story was related concerning the manner in which he had on deavored to work upon the feelings of his. parents, with tha. view of inducing them to send him out money.. Some' time ago, it ia said, he sent a letter, written by a c6nfede rate, to his parents in Denmark, telling tliem that he, their 'son, was in prison upon a charge of murder. He was innbcfent,J but unless they, sent hihv£50 to pay ' for hia de fenoe, ho was Bure to bo convicted arid hanged.; Tho parenta were deceived,, and sent out the money, but fortunately a pre caution taken by them prevented the success of the plot. Tho money was sent to the Danish consul, and he. becoming aware of the deception/ declined to hand over tho remit tanco to the Bon. ; Such an onorgetio spirit was exhibited by a woman named Mary Paasefore, who was, brought before the city bonch on Tuesday, ' that the magistrates wore induced to make an effort to assist her. It will be remem bered that she was arrested for vagrancy. She was living in a miserable condition in a gully between Brunswick and Carlton, gain ing a precarious living by crochet-work. Her mind appeared to bo weak, and she w&b; remanded until Tuesday. Her sojourn in the gaol had improved, her, but she was not desirous of prolonging her stpy there. ' Sho expressed a wish to. retqrn to Sydney, from . whence shehadpome a few months since. She astonished the magistrates by calmly tolling, telling them that she had walked the dis tance overland, tho journey .taking her about three (months. When aho started ahe had very little money, but by. selling broohet-work on the way; Bhe managod to obtain a sum of 17s. Gd., and to pay any small expenses. This small stock of money Bhe had kept, as Bhe Baid, for pocket-money in oasp she might find any' difficulty in dis posing of her oroohot. Mr. Call asked her whether she ? would : not stop at tho Immi grants' Home for a time ? 'Oh, no,' she said, 'she would rather go ^tp Sydney at nnnn ft Via Ttjrvulfl wailr hnnlr fnt* oho /inrvi/1 not afford to pay- the passage by steamer.' She also mentioned that she had been seven teen years in the. colonies, that her husband had desertod her, and that one of her children was in the Randwick Sohoola.,, She had friends in Sydney, where she. had lived for the greater portion of the time. Tho benoh did not con&ider; her in a fit state to undertake the overland journey1 again, how ever willing she might bo to attempt it. It was thought that the agents for tha steamers might, under' the circumstances, reduce the fare, and the money necessary 'was gene rously subscribed by the magistrates. - In the interval tho woman was sent to the Immigrants' Hpme. , ' . . , , ' The oharge against David Sinclair, a sailor, of having criminally assaulted Mary O-vaenhill Georce.' a '-zirl under ' the aria of twelve years) was heard in the City Court on Thursday, before - the Mayor and Mr. Wil tou, J. P. The ! case Vaa a most loathaome one, the aasault boin'g aggravated by tho fact that the girl was suffering' from cancer iu the; face. Sho appeared. in court with hor face covered by ft black1 veil. At the re quest' of Inspector Kabat, the court was olearpd. The girl gave her evidenqe withqut heBitation. She Btated that she lived with . her father and stopmother. ' in Hotham. Shej first mot tho prisoner about three , mbkbhs. ago on the, wharf, when, he took^her ,on boArdi a '.vessel, anr^' gavb her 'some' tea arid sagar.j Ori tho. 13th iast., in. tho morning, : she was,, pa, the' Australian wharf , and Baw the man again. Ho asked her whether she romembered him, and promised 'to give lie'r ' somb more tea and sugar. , He theii induced ', her te, folbw hiui in the direotibn , of the railway swamp, until -they1 caine 'to a'pieue of landupon , whioh; was staoked a quantity' of timber. .,? He there ' attemptei to commit tho assault, and|when bUo screamed ancloried, threatened, to cut, her throat.' He^was disturbed by, two men-T— John Jones,' a timber , measurer, and John M'lneiry, a. clerk in Messrs. HaL^tead and Kerr'o, ompjoy,' who had observed him! passiug by with the child, and had followed hire,- considering his oondubi; Busploibua. He. was aiaroies'd, ? kt thiwr apprbaob.and walkied ciuiokay a^ayi' They. oall«d ^police,' but made n^l ;iat(fc?np^: I to[ 'arreat or .pursuer ^ri»him. ^Iaapeotor ^Kabat-f:pom^; mented, rather, severely ; on itheir conduct., These men informed' senior-constable Eyan 'of /the bepurrence shortly' afterwards. - , The ehildlwent home,; and appeared to be in a very . frightened state, but she said nothing to her mother^. 'who' first heard of the occurrence from jinqhiries by the constables. The man wais'a.rrested on thewharf on the 17th ipat; by constable i ityan, to whom he was pointed 'outbyilie girl. The medical evidence of Dr«. jNoild and, Ford showed: that the girl had been tampered with. , The prisoner when , arreated denied that he had been with the girl at all on the 13th inst.1, but in asking' some questions yesterday he virtually ad mitted the fact. He made no defence, and was committed for trial. ? ' ' : An assatilt,1 which fortunately proved abortive, was ? committed, on Wednesday, upon constablo Kenney, by 'a costermpriger named' William .Ca'rr. ,Tho cp'natatle had f 6iin,d thq manrin Spencer- Btireot, d riiuk, i n bh'arge of. a horpe and cart. . Heondeavored to arrest him, but .the^ manr- got away. Kenn by, ascertaining w hero the man lived, took ihe horse iaud cart' there,' and was in Bign, when; Carr returned' with'- a tomahawk ' ; in his hand, and struck the constable on the ,head with the back part of it. Tlie offact of tho blow wail averted by:the hat of tlie oon stable^ whioh was brushed. The tomahawk was,taken from ,Uacr, who was mad drunk, but ho again attempted to strike the con stable ; ' on this hewas aeizod and arrcstud. On Thursday ' he was brought before thel'ity ?Conrtj when he pleaded guilty, and waa sen tenced to pay a fine gof £5 with 10a.! , cost's, or in! default two months ia gaol1, The mayor remarked that he might consider him Bolf fortunate' that he was not being tried j for : raanslaughtor 'pr murder. ? ; ; A rieignbora' , quarrel brought for settle ment before'tho Emerald-hill court onSatur- . day gave rise to some amusement amongst' 1 the audience. Two women had disagree^/1 and hadof cpui'se addreased each dther'in the opposite of endearing terms; One made use of a phraEfe, which ei-pecially!raiikled in the bosom of her adversary— she called her 'an inferior.' Like the fishwife' who. im mindful of all the yooabulary of Billingsgate, was- silenced : at on co ; on being addressed as &; parallelogram, this woman counted that insult'as above all the reBt. Sho determined tb punish the offende4% ; Ho^ caloulations were, however, upset in a rathe iremarkable manner.,' flor chief witneas, on whom she relied; Vasambmborbf the male eex, who declined to, give evidence, unless he w,as re imbursed fprjthe loss of , his morning's work. . The woman paid him 6a, 6d., and anxiously turned towards him to listen to tho testimony which was to convict her opponent. ' Well, your worships,' said the man, ' ? I believe the one's juat as bad as the other.' Not ail the cross aucstiohibe in the world could shake him from that'statement. The case was dis missed with 5s. cpsls. The prosecutrix left the oourt.a poorer if 'not a wiser woman.. The Brunswick bench on Wednesday, were called upon to, hear a charge .of .cruelty to tho racehoree Spartan, preferred by the police against S. Harding, the well-known trainer. It was brought; out in evidence that the horae, while running at Croxton on the 27th ult., fell, and, severely hurt the pastern joint, which was subsequently ban daged, and an attempt made to lead: him home for . medical : treatment, but on going down a rooky place to oross.the Morri Creek, the injury resolvod itself into a fracture, makicjg it imposeible for the horse to proceed further. Harding now obtained a certificate from a veterinary surgeon, authorising the' destruction of the animal to guard hiuiself agaiiiBt legal proceedings from the owner, but his subsequent proceedings disclosed the fact that. his business administrative abilities had either been very faulty or that he: in-:, .tended evading the cost of destruction andin fcoriYiftnf.. injiRTnunh nflf.Vifif.1in TinH nnnirnnfnnnn or two in the neighborhood, without coming to any dqfinito terms with any one, the re sult being that Spartan was left till the 11th instant, suffering . intense agony and starva tion, when the leg rotted off, and information was conveyed to the Brunswick police. Harding was fined 40s ; with £3 13s. costs, or seven days' imprisonment. Two fishermen named Prost and Fooks were summoned at the Sandridge court on Thursday for, fishing with ajnot in the Yarra, such being in contravention of the aot. Mr. : Diierdin appeared to prosecute on behalf of the AnglerB' Protective Society. Mr. Eead was retained for the defence, but in conse quence or nis unavoiaame ausence ttio benon adjourned the case until Monday next. The question to be decided is whether the Bpot whore the men fished is to be taken as part of the river or the bay, it being just on what maybe called the deb'ateable water. The deoision in the case will be of conaidorable interest to fishermen. 