SOCIAL. THE mail which left London on June 14 ar- rived at Brisbane on July 30. On July 26 we published a telegram from Adelaide giving the heads of the news, and also later telegraphic intelligence via Galle, the latest being dated from London on July 4 The cold weather at night during the last week or two has not been confined to the southern part of the colony, but appears to have been experienced as far north as the Pioneer River. The lately arrived immigrants must have been surprised at finding frost on the ground at sunrise in the month of July, in a colony a considerable portion of which is tropical. But in Brisbane we are within the temperite zone, and there are few plants that flourish in England which cannot be successfully cultivated in Southern Queensland—if not on the low lying coast land, at all events on the elevated plateau of the coast. In many of our gardens now the air is rich with the perfume of violets, and an attempt is being made by Mr. N. Bartley to introduce other of the spring flowers of the old country. Amongst these is the wall flower, which by skilful cultivation has of late years in England been wonderfully im- proved in odour and beauty ; also " cowslips wan that hang the pensive head," and the prim- rose—" merry spring time's harbinger.' All these flowers grow well in Sydney, and there is no reason why they should not do so here, where we are not subject to the same visitation of hot winds. Unfortunately it has become necessary to take precautions against the introduction of small- pox into this colony. In answer to a question by Dr. O'Doherty in the Legislative Assembly, the Colonul Secretary stated that a Government officer would be appointed to inspect every vessel arriving at the different ports of the colony. A proclamation was made on the 11th ult., and published in a Government Gazette Ex- traordinary, in which it is directed that as in- formation has been received that small-oax has been found to exist in New South Wales, Vic- toria, and New Zealand, "no ships or vessels arriving in this colony from or having touched at any port of the said colonies shall be per- mitted within the port of Brisbane to come above the bulk Proserpine now moored at the entrance of the Brisbane River, or to com- municate with the shore at any port within the colony until they shall have been boarded by the Health officer of such port, and that no person or persons shall be allowed to quit such ships or vessels until the permission of the Health officer shall have been duly obtained." It is of course, impracticable to take any such preventive measures as regards the arrivals by land across the boundary between Queensland and New South Wales. Still the precautions that have been taken are necessary, and it would be better that any amount of incon- venience should be suffered rather than such a fatal and infectious disease as small-pox should be allowed to enter the colony. Fortunately it has been confined to the localities where it first appeared, and there is much to favor a belief that it will not spread far. The season is favorable to the efforts made to cheek the dis- ease' and in any case, Australia, with the exception of the aborigines and the depraved portion of two or three large towns, is not a likely location for the ravages of this scourge. The appointment of Mr. Richard Daintree as Agent-General for Emigration, and Agent- General for the colony in London for such other purposes as may from time to time be required by the Government, has been gazetted A sale of forfeited runs in the unsettled dis- tricts was held in Brisbane on July 15. The biddings were spirited, and the prices realised were in some cases much in excess of the upset. Owing to the anticipated difficulties of obtain- ing Polynesian labor, some of the planters are about to send to India for coolies. An Act was passed, soon after Separation, providing for the introduction of Indian laborers. The Anglican Bishop has confirmed 140 young members of the Church of England in Brisbane during the month. A drunken man fell off the Ipswich coach twelve miles from Brisbane. He was helped in again, and it was not until he arrived at the Kangaroo Point ferry that he made the discovery that he had broken his leg. At the first sale of allotments in the Govern- ment township of Stanthorpe the average price realised for the half acre lots was over £16. They have since been parted with at much advanced rates. The Brisbane School of Arts has made much progress since the appointment of the new secretary and librarian, Mr Septimus Webster. Several gentlemen have given their gratuitous services for teaching classes, and a course of lectures are being held, a notice of some of which appears in another column. Dr Jaap having resigned his appointment as Resident Surgeon of the Brisbane Hospital, in order to take the superintendence of the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum, the Hospital Com- mittee passed a resolution couched in very highly complimentary terms, expressive of re- gret at the loss of his services. A Christianised Chinaman, named George Toe, was tried at the Toowoomba Assizes for the murder of a countryman of his. A body was found in the bush, supposed to have been that of the missing man, but it was so destroyed by fire that identification was impossible, but articles were found at the spot that could leave no moral doubt on the subject. The prisoner was also found in possession of property be- longing to the man he was accused of having killed, and in his company the latter was last seen. But from the want of the missing link of the identification of the body, the man whom the universal voice of the public pronounced to be a murderer was set free. Referring to the death of the late Police Magistrate of Clermont, on July 4, the Peak Downs Telegram states:—"The deceased gen- tleman had been seriously ill for the last ten days. His complaint has reached to such a climax that a consultation was deemed neces- sary : but, from some peculiar professional etiquette, one of the medical attendants refused to meet the other. During the four days pre- vious to Captain Lambert's demise. Dr. Can- diottis was in attendance night and day, and did all that human skill could suggest for the relief of the sufferer. On the morning before death, there appeared a change for the better. The friends of the deceased were led to believe that the most dangerous stage of the disease had passed. Towards 7 o'clock, p.m., the lamented gentleman asked for a Bible, and read portions of the sacred vo- lume ; he also perused the service of the Episcopalian Church for the sick. Calling those who were present, he intimated to them three awful words—he was dying! He then in a calm and resigned to be, stated hoe he desired his personal effects, etc., to be disposed of. Thanking the doctor for his care and friends for their kindness—the faint spark of vitality fled. We believe that the deceased had been suffering acutely from a disease known in medical jurist prudence as 'Bright's disease of the kidneys,' in many instances an incurable complaint. Cap- tain Lambert was Police Magistrale in Clermont for nearly five years, and by his impartial con- duct on the Bench won the esteem of the com- munity. The deceased was born in March 1830 and comes from an old English family. He was a Captain in the 19th Regiment, and was through the Crimean war, he also saw some active service while in India." After last Mass at St. Stephen's Church,Bris- bane on Aug. 4, Bishop Quinn announced that he would shortly leave on a pastoral visitation to the North, and be away probably a month or six weeks, He said he was highly gratified by the progress made with the new cathedral during his absence, and having inspected many of the lately erected Catholic churches, especially in Ireland and in England was of opinion that when completed St. Stephen's will be equalled by but few of them, its loftiness admitting of a superior finish and better acoustic properties than can be had with the low open timber roof now generally used for ecclesiastical buildings. Referring to the necessity of pushing on the build- ing and the means of obtaining the requisite funds, he named an amount which he considered it needed weekly, and proposed that a number of gentle- men of the congregation guarantee half of the sum, and that he will guarantee the other half. The proposal, he said, might be considered rash, but if it were rash he should be the principal sufferer However, after much consideration he felt confident that it only required a united effort of the whole congregation to accomplish all that is needful. The amount already in- vested in the building is £9000, and it would be a great pity if for want of the amount requisite lo make it fit for service that large amount should remain without giving any return. A meeting of respectable Catholics (he said) will shortly be convened to form a finance committee and take measures for collecting funds. In conclusion. the rev gentleman impressed on his hearers the necessity of everyone doing some- thing and trusted that their efforts would soon furnish the means for completing the building. We learn from the Mackay Mercury that a copper discovery has been made on the Oxford Downs run, near Neb, and a fourth share has been sold by the prospectors, two laboring men, for the sun of £400. The purchaser is a gentleman well qualified to pronounce safely upon copper discoveries, and recently left the Nebo district for Sydney, with the intention of starting a company to work the mine. Some discussion has been raised in conse- quence of there being no means provided here for the payment of witnesses in criminal prose- cutions. We have the English Act in force here, but no county rates or funds out of which such payments can be made. A bill to remedy this defect has been introduced in our Parlia- ment. A sad accident is reported from the neighbor- hood of Ipswich. An infant, during the tempo- rary absence of its mother, crept into the fire and received such injuries that death ensued soon after. In the bush the hearth is on a level with the floor, and fenders are unknown. Most of the leading inhabitants of Drayton, the oldest town in the Darling Downs, have gone to the tin mines The sittings of the Municipal Council have ceased, through want of aldermen, and some contractors and others are left lamenting The Marrying Bill is one of the good thing» of the session. It proposes to give power to certain justices to unite persons in marriage—a very necessary provision in districts where clergymen are not easily acceptable. The bill provides that, if possible such marriages shall take place in an office ordinarily used for public business by magistrates, and in all cases with open doors, so that any person desiring to be present may have the privilege. Marriages must not into place in a public house, or earlier than 8 a.m., or later than 6 p.m. The forms and proceedings are similar to those used by Dis- trict Registrars, and notices of all marriages celebrated by justices must be sent to the Dis- trict Registrars within one month. This is the drift of the bill " and as a means of rectifying a serious grievance in the thinly settled districts, it is very much wanted. A man named Michael Hurley, a wood car- rier, was accidentally jammed between his dray and a fence at Toowoomba on Monday July 22\. He died early the following morning in consequence of the internal injuries he received. Deceased was about 35 years of age, and has left a wife and four young children in poor cir- cinstances. Two fatal accidents occurred near Ipswich a few days since. A man named George Toombe who was returning from the Wivenhoe races, the worse for drink, was thrown from his horse and killed. The other case was that of a farmer, named Patrick Mullins, residing near the Peak Mountain who lost his his life by the limb of a tree coming down on him whilst felling the timber on his land in company with his son. A Scandinavian Society has been established at Marlborough. Its objects oro similar to other benefit societies, and it will also aid Danish, Swedish and Norwegian immigrants There have been too much differing assertions made with regard to the effect of the late frosts on the sugar cane of the Wide Bay district. The Chronicle says :—"The last few nights have been marked with frosts of unusual severity for this latitude, but owing to some cause of other, possibly the occurrence of thick fogs at and for some time after sunrise, little injury seems to have been caused thereby to tender or half-hardy plants. It is, however, scarcely possible but that the young cane must have suffered to some extent. As regards the maturing cane, an opinion is, we believe, gain- ing ground to the effect that frost rather assists to complete maturation of the juice than other- wise, and that the yield from frosted canes pro- vided the crushing be not too long deferred, is not inferior either for quantity or quality to that of such fields as have escaped altogether.' On the same subject the News states a couple of days later:—"The frost which we have ex- perienced lately is doing considerable damage on the river, the canes having suffered severely. At the same time the damage is confined to flats and gullies—that is, to places where water accumulates, good drainage would abolish frost on the Mary. We notice that our contemporary considers frost rather as a blessing to the canes than otherwise; we should like to see him owner of a plantation." A weekly teetotal journal, called the Beacon, and unconnected with any particular party or sect, is now published in Brisbane. some objection has been made to the business at the Bowen District Court having been con- ducted by an Acting Judge and an Acting Crown Prosecutor. Practically, however, no great harm was done, for the only case to be tried was a charge against Joseph James, of stealing one-half of a blanket from a shepherd's hut. The case was proved, and evidence given that the prisoner had been sent to the hospital by a former employer through his being of unsound mind. The sentence passed by His Honor Acting Judge Baird was twelve months' imprisonment, with hard labor, in Brisbane Gaol. Nobody, therefore, can complain of the arrangement made for carrying on the business of the Northern District Court except Joseph James, and per- haps, those that are taxed that a quondam lunatic may be sent to Brisbane and supported in confinement for a year, because he stole half a blanket Mr Belt, of Westbrook, who had just re- turned from a visit to Europe, died suddenly of heart disease on board the steamer from Mel- bourne to Sydney. He was buried in the Drayton and Toowoomba Cemerery. At the Townsville District Court on the 13th ultimo, Montague James Dempsey was found guilty of stealing a mare, the property of Tho- mas Field, and also of maliciously wounding the animal. He was sentenced to three years penal servitude for the first offence, and to five years penal servitude for the second offence, both sentences to run together.—William Richards was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, with hard labor, in Rockhampton gaol, for having 20 ozs of gold in his possession the property of Dermot Henry, a storekeeper at the Seventy-mile and knowing it to be stolen.— William Gibson was found guilty of committing a burglary on the premises of B. H. Palmer, of Charters Towers and having stolen goods to the value of £20. He was sentenced to two years' imprisonment in Brisbane gaol.—William Henry Newton was sentenced to nine months' impri- sonment, with hard labor, in Brisbane gaol, for uttering a forged order for £6 5s 6d., purport- ing to be drawn by Sub-inspector Clohesy. The prisoner advertised himself as being in business as a legal and mining agent.—John M'Lachland was sentenced to three years' penal servitude for stealing a horse, the property of William Shives Mr. Nehemish Bartley writes as follows to the S. M. Herald, on what he terms "The Present Want" —"All that is now required in order to develop properly the mineral wealth of Eastern Australia is an adequate supply of skilled mining managers. All the necessary capital appears to be forthcoming, but not the heads nor the hands fitted for the work. We want mining captains who do not, merely be- case they have seen the copper lodes of Chilli, Cuba Cornwall, or the Urals think they have nothing more to leam, and who are not in the habit of condemning everything that happens to differ from what they have seen before. We want men who bear in mind that Nature does not work to pattern all the world over in mineral lodes and who are sufficiently free from conceit to refrain from undervaluing what they do not at first under- stand ; men, in short, who on the groundwork of a fair mining education at home can add the superstructure of a willingness to learn all about the nature and peculiarities of our lodes in eastern Australia, which differ in greater or less degree from those of other lands, even as out our curious animals and birds do. One or two geologists of some note have made woful mistakes in presumptuously hazarding the utterance of disparaging opinions on some of the gold and copper mines of Queensland , and although geologists are, as a rule, not among the best mining captains in the world, some of the latter class have been scarcely more happy in their premature verdicts upon some of the mines submitted to their inspection—verdicts which subsequent facts have made great havoc with." According to the Wallaroo Times the atten- tion of mining capitalists in South Australia is now much directed to this colony. It is stated : —"More fruit of the action taken by the Go- vernment in fining the Wallaroo Mine proprie- tors is being gathered.; The advantages the Government of New South wales and Queens- land offer for the investment of capital m nuning pursuits are so superior to those offered by the South Australian Government, that two of our largest capitalists—perhaps the two largest in the colony—are now buying large tracts of mineral land in those colonies, from which they expect to extract gold, copper, and tin on a very large scale. These gentlemen would have confined their speculations to South Australia, the mineral resources of which they have good reason to have the highest opinion of, but they object to being robbed by the Government for developing the riches of the colony, and for being successful. We recently drew attention to the fact that Captain Warren, of the Paramatta mine, was despatched to re- port on some mineral property in the Darling country that was under offer to South Aus- tralian capitalists. From what we hear the purchase is not likely to be effected. But these gentlemen purpose investing heavily in the Queensland new copper mines. because the terms upon which they can acquire these from the Government of that colony contrast so favourably with the grasping extortion that we have seen practised in this colony. 