We mtitfini ^trps. FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 1873. The subject of immigration is at present a sore point with many wlio vainly imagine that the introduction of labor is altogether unnecessary, and who are quite wroth with those who differ in opinion, on that important question. We ha.ve all along advo cateda judicious^ and -properly Tegu lated system of iin'migration, and see as yet no reason; to alter our opinion. Now that the matter has been taken up and instructions issued to secure an increase of population, we did not think it necessary to pgitate the sub ject further, but were resolved to look cautiously on and give timely warn ing when needed. The meeting at Hindmarsh on Monday evening on the immigration question has led us to alter our plans. Such organised op ponents to immigration must not be allowed to occupy the political arena I unmolested. They claim freedom of expression for themselves, but they have not the common courtesy to allow the same freedom to those who difier from them. - Mr. H. Betteridge would fain hold himself up as the working man's friend, and with one fell sweep denounce all who differ from him as being actuated by selfish motives—that the great aim is to bring down wages. His ideas are not at- all progressive, he appears to move in a very narrow circle, and delights to recall bygone days when men stood in the streets of Adelaide looking for employment. No lover of his country can wish for a re currence of such exceptional times, nor is there the least likelihood of such a glut in the labor market taking place. He conceives that his position is im pregnable when he goes into statistics to show the number of farmers and squatters there are in the colony com pared with the number of laborers they I employ, and as he considers that the farmers only employ men a few months of the year the men must necessarily be placed at a disadvantage during the remaining portion. He therefore considers that the £5,000 just sent home for immi grants would have been far better ex | pended on public works. Surely he forgets that men cannot be had to complete works long since commenced. I In proof of this, we have only to refer to the Stanley Flat road, which has been all but impassable for the past two i years, and if operations are not carried ' on taster than at present, the road will | not be fit for traffic for the next 12 months. There is at the present time | work for hundreds of men on the < Northern Areas alone, independent of I farm laborers. Any one who has tra velled on the Northern roads, or has seen the different ports where the pro duce of the areas is shipped, has an idea of our requirements. Then again when we look at the mineral wealth of the North and the necessity that exists for an extended system of railways to reach such places, we are the more thoroughly convinced that additional labor is required. Thousands of miners would be em ployed and the mines worked with a profit if there were only facilities for taking away the ore. In fact, we can only prosper in proportion to the in crease of population ; but those who are opposed to the free importation of labor are yet ignorant of the most direct road to reach that end. They would fain by their efforts put the screw on those whose views are liberal and make them submit as obediently as pawn upon a chessboard; but their! efforts will avail but little, and after a few such spasms as that at Hindmarsh thej will have to succumb. If we are to give up immigration* by yielding to '■ the few who are afraid that the balance of wages will be disturbed, we shall most effectually damage the prosperity! of the colony. We have no desire to take the bull by the horns by setting class against class, but we will not hesitate to make known our convic tions. Those who do not think for themselves, and feel, perhaps, little or no interest with regard to the future, are those who frequently raise a storm and cause contention. Mr. Pickering has certainly placed himself in a very humiliating position by submitting to be guided in Parliament by the views expressed by electors on the evening above referred to, knowing at the same titne that it was a one-sided affair. Mr. Coombs was not allowed a hearing, and the treatment he received from those present clearly demonstrates the class to whom they belong; and Mr. Pickering has pledged himself to adhere to the views of such a party— and well may he exult that his course in Parliament will now be straight forward. Surely we wa^t men in the House of Assembly more intelligent and discriminating. We cannot avoid surmising that society would move along very slowly under the guidance of such persons. It is not by parties but by principles that we make pro gress, and we have no sympathy with those who sacrifice principles to gain the favor of parties; and when a mem ber pledges himself to support such, he at once relinquishes all independence, both of opinion and action. Immi gration, has become one of the greatest political questions that affect the interests of the colony, and it behoves those who are privileged to deal with it to act independently, and with minds unbiassed by party spirit. Wholesome agitation is often productive of good, and we have no fear but that Parlia ment will act honestly, and introduce and carry such measures as will be most beneficial to the colony! Appointment.—It will be seen by a notice elsewhere that Mr. J. L. Smith has seen appointed ranger for the district of Dlare. Case of Supposed Incendiabism.—We have been favored with the following from an esteemed correspondent:—About 7 in the evening the roof of a.kouse belonging to Mrs. Kelly, at Sevenhills, was discovered, to be on fire. The materals for ignition had been carefully laid at the back of the kitchen chimney, in the gutter. This being ignited, the flames communicated with the thatch, of which the roof is composed; but in con sequence of the thatch being wet it did not burn very fast. The fire was in conse quence quickly extinguished by the neigh bors, to whom great praise is due (more especially to Mr. Richardson) for their exertions. Had the fire occurred in the day time no power available could have saved the house from total destruction. Novel Match.—&n; interesting match took place after the trotting match at Sevenhills last. Wednesday. Mr. Hosier challenged Mr. Carnie to trot Cadger, the winner of the trotting match—Mr. Hosier to run 50 yards and return the same distance; the horse to trot 60 yards at a place where it would have to ran round a fence and back to the same spot. Mr. Hosier was the winner by some yards. Fat Beef.—The early rains have been beneficial to stockowneis as well as con sumers, for every week we can see a marked difference in the condition of the sheep and cattle that are slaughtered by the Glare butch ere. This week we noticed a fine fat cow at Mr. G. H. Carter's establishment, the weight of which was 7£ cwt. The cow, we believe, was purchased from Mr. Walker, White Hut. Vitai, Statistics.—The following is the number of births and deaths registered in Clare by the district Registrar for the month ending July 31:—Births—12 males, and 17 females; total,29. Deaths—3male infants under two months. Excess of births over deaths, 26. A Pioneer.—»The Rev. M. Wilson, one of the Wesley an ministers who labored hard in the early days of the colony, was many years ago stationed in the North when the Burra and Clare were one circuit. He was loved by all classes of the commu nity, so kindly, affectionately, yet faithfully did he perform his duties as a Christian. That gentleman has again paid Clare a visit, where he is gladly welcomed, and many are sorry that his stay amongst us will be short. \ The Stanley Mine.—The half-yearly I meeting of shareholders was held at the [ Company's offices, Currie street, on Thurs day, July 21. There were nine shareholders present, and the Hon. W. Parkin occupied the chair. The Directors' and Captain's re port, and the balance-sheet were read. The captain's half-yearly report stated—" Last | October the estimated quantity of ore at grass was ten tons, exclusive of smalls. The quantity of ore raised, dressed, and sent away (including the ten tons) since October last is 2,312 bags. Estimated quantity of ore on mine, 103 bags of 19 per cent, ore, two tons of (say) 14 per cent., and 120 tons small ore, worth about 8 or 9 per cent.; in addition to this there are large quantities of smalls lying on the surface, which are use less at present, owing to the want of water for dressing purposes. There is no pros pect of raising- any more ore till we make a fresh discovery. The lode in the back of Trevillian's shaft is dredgy, and the ore will not pay for crushing without proper machinery. A winze is being sunk on the 8-fathom level, present depth, 2 fathoms; lode very loose, 1 foot wide, yielding good ore composed chiefly of quartz. If we can trace it to water level J think we shall hare a permanent mine. We are also driving on course of lode north-east (8 fathom level). The lode is not so loose as in the winze, but almost of the same quality. There are 13 hands employed on the mine.'' A later report, dated July 30, was as follows:— " The lode in the winze is imnrovimr. The men broke a lump of ore toAlay 7 lbs in. weight, composed of grey ore, with yellow j ore mixed through the etone. I hope we have escaped the much-dreaded flat courses that leave the lode on the other side of the cross-cut. We are finding small peebles of rich ore in the 8-fathom end. The lode here is also improving." The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, &C.;, said he had great faith in the property, and also in the captain's recommendations with re gard to its working. Mr. M. C. Davis said it appeared that they had £600 available assets. Their expenses were £100 a month, so that they could go on working for six months, that was leaving out the value of the ore they were likely to obtain. The following gentlemen were elected to the Directorate by ballot:—Messrs. Sf. C. Davies, HaHett, Bellingham, aad Captain Killieoat. Hie remuneration to the Auditor (Mr. Stodart), was fixed at £1 Is. The meeting then terminated.—Register. i Unclaimed Letters.—The following is a list of unclaimed letters at tbe General Post-office for parties redding- in the North: —John Clarke, -Kooringa; John Doyle, P.O., Burra; Mrs. Feme, Stockport, River Gilbert; Isaac Fiy, care of Mis. Carey, Gottlieb's Wells, North-east; Mrs. Margaret. Hogan, Burra Burra, S.A.; Mr. E. Hoopeiv* Lower Wakefield; David Kay, care of Mr. S. Sleep, Wanakimbie, S.A.; W. Q: S. Kurry, Moolooloo Mine, Sliding Sock (/postmark); Miss Keyworth, Mi'. Tom Thomas's, Orchard Farm, near Adelaide; John Miller, farmer, near Kooringa; Owen McCal, Mr. Wallace's station; James McKeozie, hotel keeper, KoOringa; John McKenzie, Extension Railway, near Koo ringa; S. A. Nicholson, ship John Rennie, Port Broughton; Mr. C. Schoknech, Coorinina (postmark), Starling; Mr. John Sharpen, care of Mk Dare, Kttimetiaappa, near Burra; JohirjSmith, Leasingham; Mr. Edward Strike, !P.O., Eooringa; Egbert Treagus, P.O., Tarlee. " South Australian Templar."—We have to acknowledge the receipt of the first number of this temperance organ. The in formation it contains relates principally to the order. The aim of the monthly is briefly stated in the first article, which gives no countenance whatever to the drinking habits of the day. The principles of the Permissive Bill and the intention of Mr. Carr, M.P., again to introduce it in the House of Assembly, are stated, and Good Templars are urged to make strenuous exer tions to get this measure passed into law. It contains a report of the reception given to Mr. Jennings, Grand -Worthy Chief Templar for South Australia, while visiting Moonta. Explanations are also given as to ' thejduties of those connected with the Temp- i lars. The good of the order will be the guiding . principle, and interesting and instinctive articles are promised. Institute Committer Meeting.—In consequence of Mr. Greenwood having by Letter, expressed his wish to resign theoffice of Secretary for the Institute. The Committee < met on July 31 to consider the matter, when Mr. Greenwood's resignation was accepted, : rod Mr. T.G. Bastard was appointed instead, : md to receive the same salary as the former iecretary. Several accounts were fl«> i ordered to be paid. The Weather.—During the week we have been favored with seasonable showers, which have produced a great change on the crops, although in some spots the effects of the frost during- the previous week are still visible. The farmers on the bills were be ginning to entertain some doubts as to the future, but their fears are all dispelled, and the crops are looking remarkably welL The following is the quantity of rainfall for the week, 3.110. Gold Items.—Oar correspondent at Mt. Bryan Flat says:—" 1 hear they have found a qoartzreef at Ulooloo, with gold plainly Triable through it. The reefe at Waukaringa and Boolcamatta are said to look well. .Many people- think the North East will be the .goldfield of the, counter * yet.*1-- ■ . ■ ■ ^ Uv. Football Club.—A grand football match was to have come offirn Wednesday, and being a public holiday .*, large gathering* was expected. But in consequence of the wet weather a sufficient number of the mem bers did not come fbrwfcisd, considering it to be dangerous on account of the slippery nature of the ground. However, a few were detenninrd to hare .some sport, so a scratch match was got up, and it was gone into with vigor. Hie play was very amusimg to onlookers, for there -was so much roiling on the . ground, tint in a short lime it was difficult to -recognise the dif ferent parties. Three or four together in a heap was a common occunence, bat for tunately none were injured. Accidkkt.—On Saturday last * lad named Alford, reading at Armagh, fell from a stack of straw and broke bis leg above the knee. Dr. Bain was sent for, who xe&ieed; the fracture, and we hear that the SBfferer is progressing "favorably. * ~ Engubh News.—London terrains from the Adelaide dailies state that copper of all kinds are quiet at last qwtat?M6,.£90 to £92. Wheat is unchanged, atti 110,000 bales of wool have beensold at fairprices. Washed and combing conimandpiicjis equal to those of February 18. Sdoorefl ajr^slightly easier. Mudgee wom bro^^hl from Serto 4b. The Liverpool sales opened "with a decline, but recovered towards the close of the sales. A rumored case of ctftAera a week ago has been contradicted. Two cases hate since occurred among Danish emigrants en route for New Zealand, the whole {Arty lave been placed under medical case. For tie Good wood Cup Flageolet was first, Favonius second, and Cremorne third. The King of Saxony has been alarmingly ill, butis recover ing. Cholera is spreading in Tennessee. A minority of 18 opposed the increase of £10,000, a year to the Duke of Edinbuigh's allowance. . ; New Burba More.—A meetinrof share | holders was* held at Mr. Ford's Hotel, on Wednesday evening, but very few attended. Mr. T. Pascoe occupied the chair, who ex plained the object of the meeting, and gave an account of operations at the minp. He stilted that the shaft' was suflkio a depth of 10 fathoms, where they iai' commenced to drive. He expected to cut. lode at 5 fathom*; two lad already bwnklriven, pnd he was about to visit the mine again, and he fully expected to see something good. It was resolved to make aaother e»H, and the secretary was instructed to write Messrs. Pearson & Gussens to make immediate ar ramreioents for floating the affair, as many in Clare and the North were anxious to get shares, as it was the most likely mine on the Broughton. Mb. Glkeson's Saueb op- Stock, &c.; —Mr. Gleeson reports haviBg sold from 30 to 40 head of hones during' tke pest fort night, mostly mediu*! and fenry draught, at prices ranging front £20 to £38; light harness horses and good useful hacks averaging from £12 to £20. The demand for usem farm horses is increasing, and E rices are likely to keep firm. .Skins—At is last sale good butcher's skins brought from 4s 7d to 5s Id.. Station skins—3s 9d to 4s. Hides-r-Sjd tt>5fd.per lb. Tallow —24s to 28s per cwt. 