TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. [From our own Correspondent.] Adelaide, Thursday, C.lii p.m. Latest sales quote as follows :— Moontas, £22 5s. Ham leys, £18. Sliding Rocks, £2 17s. Burrawings, £1 14s. National Banks, Auction, £7 2s 6cL Adelaide do., £6 4s Od to £6 Gs. Glenelg Railways, £7 5s. Mercantile Marines, £1 8s. Equitables, £1 9s. Tea-Meeting and Lecture.— A very successful tea-meeting took place on Wednesday afternoon in the Primitive Methodist Church, East Moonta. After the tea, the spacious building became densely crowded with people from all parts of the mines who had come to hear the Rev. W. Jenkin, of Adelaide deliver his popular lecture entitled "The Gipsies." The proceedings having opened with singing and prayer, the Rev Mr . Masterman was elected Chairman. He congratulated the assembly on the success of the tea-meeting, and after a few pleasant remarks introduced the lecturer, who received a cordial welcome. The choir from the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Moonta Mines, under the leadership of Mr. Hodge, here sang "The morn is breaking," with spirit and effect. The Rev. Mr. Jenkin, after some facetious references to the Chairinan and to the Peninsula, said that his lecture, which in its entirety would occupy four hours in delivery, was generally divided into two parts and given on separate occasions, hut he would endeavor that evening to give them as much of it as possible within a limited time: giving them multum in parvo. There were, he said, few tribes of men who were thought less of than the gipsies, aud yet their total number in the world was estimated at 700,000. Their first appearance in Europe was about four hundred years ago, when they gave themselves out as a people who had hem banished from their own country on account of their religion. They were soon, however, discovered to be robbers, deserving of little consideration or merey. Henry the Eighth tried in vain to banish them from the realm, and Elizabeth's efforts to exclude them were fruitless. The English Government had erred in treating tliem with too great severity. Even as late as 1804 a family were sentenced at Hayle, Cornwall, to a month's imprisonment for merely having slept in a tent, lie referred to the question of the origin of the gipsies, concerning which it had been conjectured by some that they were one of the lost tribes of Israel, by others that they were Egyptians. He thought it had been established beyond a doubt that they were Indians, belonging to the tribe of Soodas, between whom and the European gipsies there were great resemblances, which the lecturer particularized, and then proceeded to refer to the general habits of the gipsies, their dress, features, migratory disposition, cunning practices, fortune-telling, aud various other traits by which they were characterised, interspering liis remarks with numerous droll anecdotes, which elicited roars of laughter. A collection was then made; and the choir sang " Resurrection," for which they were warmly applauded. The Chairman announced tliat the proceeds of the collection was 4s. 2d., which, together with the amount derived from the tea would, after paying expenses, leave them a balance of about £10. The lie v. Mr. Jenkiu then resumed his lecture, adverting to various interesting matters connected with the gipsies, and at the close of his discourse he was enthusiastically applauded. The customary votes of thanks were then given, and the doxology having been sung, the Chairman brought a thoroughly successful meeting to a conclusion by pronouncing the benediction. FIRE.— About seven o'clock on Wednesday morning, flames were observed to break forth from a small isolated galvanized iron structure, situated on an allotment in Ryan-street, Moonta, and which was used by Mr. Marquardt, saddler, as a mattress manufactory. The room contained, besides the tools used in mattress making, some two or three tons of hay. On the alarm being given, Mr. Marquardt hastened to the spot and with the assistance of Messrs. Page, Bee, Jordan, Heany, and others endeavoured to put out the fire. The efforts in this direction however, were quickly perceived to be fruitless ; the flames having made considerable headway and there being but little water available. Endeavors were then made to save as much as possible of the contents of the room, and at great personal risk, those who were present dragged out Mr. Marquardt's implements and a quantity of hay. How the fire originated is not known. Mr. Marquardt's loss is, we are informed, estimated at from £10 to £15. A Bolter.— Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter, of Moonta Mines, were proceeding homeward In a trap on Wednesday afternoon, accompanied with two or three female friends, when the horse, on reaching the Mine township, suddenly bolted, and proceeded at a furious rate along the road leading to his stable, on the way to which Mr. Carpenter was dislodged from the vehicle, and alighted happily without receiving much injury. The horse, on approaching the stable, made a sharp turn and upset the cart, throwing its occupants violently to the ground. Fortunately no bones were broken, or any very serious hurt sustained, the injuries being limited to bruises and excoriations. The shafts were smashed, and the splash-board broken, but the horse escaped unharmed. Government Expenditure on the Peninsula In the Budget speech on Tuesday last the Treasurer, Mr. L. Glyde, said : "The hon" member for the Port will not complain that his little Institute at Wallaroo has not been forgotten, i'.>u0 having been put down for it. I have again r to call the attention of the hon. memUr for the Port to the fact that we have not forgotten him about the Moonta Jetty; £3,000 has bei.-n positively put down for the extension of the Moonta Jetty and approaches to it." Moonta Gas Company.— In the House of .Assembly on Wednesday the Moonta Gas Company's Bill was read a first time and referred to a Select Committe. CRICKET.— Casuals v Moonta Cricket Club. This match was continued on Wednesday, September 24, resulting in a victory for the Casuals by 4 runs — Adams scoring 18, and Schmock 14. Wallaroo Corporation.— On Monday last a meeting was held at the Cornucopia Hotel of persons who had signed the memorial for a Corporation, to nominate a Mayor and Councillors. There being only a few present, it was found difficult to determine if any persons absent were nominated whether they would accept the office. After a little discussion it was agreed that Messrs. Davies, Marshall, and Blight should be requested to allow themselves to be nominated — the former as Mayor, and the others as Councillors for the South Ward. Messrs. Smedley and Thorne, being present, agreed to be nominated as Councillors for the North Ward. CRICKET.— On Wednesday a cricket match was played at Port Wallaroo between the Wallaroo and Moonta Juvenile Clubs. The result was the former beat with 10 wickets to fall. From the Hummocks we hear that the crops are looking really beautiful, giving promise of a very abundant harvest. Green's Plains.— A meeting of settlers has been held at Green's Plains to consider the desirableness of petitioning the Government for £5000 to make 6½ miles of main road in the district; Mr. Reid in the chair. Mr. John Skipworth moved—"That in the opinion of this meeting the main road through this district has been sliamefully neglected, the land having been sold by the Government upwards of eight years ago, and not one yard of the main road has been made up to the present time." Mr. Strutton seconded. Carried unanimously. Mr. Wyatt moved the second resolution—"That a sum of £5000 is necessary to make the main road within the boundaries of the district to enable the residents to carry their produce to market, before next winter." Seconded by Mr. Smith, and carried. The third resolution was moved by Mr. Thomas, follows—' That a memorial be drawn up and signed oraying Parliament to vote a sum of not less than £5000 for making the road in question, and that one of the members for the district be requested to present it, and both to support it." Seconded by Mr. G. Skipworth, jun., and carried. Five Thousand Pounds' Worth.— Mr. Greathead's diphtheria cure, for the divulging of which he demanded from the Victorian Government £5,000, has been published. His alleged specific is four drops of sulphuric acid (oil of vitriol) in a glass of water. The Bible Christian Church, Moonta. — We are glad to learn that the total pecuniary proceeds of the recent services , reached nearly £400, of which £80 were laid as offerings upon the stone. The pro-, ceedings in connection with the layiag of this memorial stone, are held to be the most successful of the kind that have yet been witnessed on the Peninsula. The tea in the afternoon was largely patronised, and at the public meeting in the evening the chapel was densely crowded. Mr. S. J. Way, Q.C., made a capital chairman, aud he was so liigldy appreciated that his friends will probably prevail upon him to pay another visit to Moonta on the occasion of the opening of the new chapeL Excellent addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Way, S. Knight, J. Hancock, and R. Kelly. Whilst referring to tlxis subject, we desire to express our regret that, through the gross carelessness ol one of the employees in our establishment, an absurd transposition occurred ill the descriptive paragraph of our report of the ceremony published in our last issue. The Copper Market.— A London telegram, dated September 20, states that the present cash quotations for Australian copper are from to £93 to £94. Suicide.—Mr. G. Thompson, postmaster and storekeeper at Arkaba, has committed suicide by taking poison. With reference to the recent escape of a child from drowning, a correspondent desires to point out the popular ignorance that exists as to the means to be employed in producing reanimation in such cases, and states that it is an error to suppose that the stomach pump ought to be resorted to for the purpose. In the discussion which took place in the House of Assembly on Wednesday respecting Mr. Hughes' motion for a grant of money for the Port Adelaide Institute, Air. West-Erskine remarked tliat Air. Hughes who was only the senior member for the Port par Ir.ncc, and who had not nearly the same success as Mr. Duncan in motions which he brought forward, had come to the House on this occasion, and pretended—he did not know whedier the word was Parliamentary or not, but lie meant it to have its full significance—the hon. member had pretended that the Port had collected a similar sum to what was asked, and had not said one word of the valuable grant of land. When he a&ked; for anything hon. members were bound to look upon the subject widi a considerable amount of suspicion. Air. Hughes, who is always well able to take care of himself, retorted as follows—A remark had been made by the member for Mount Barker, lie did not call him "honorable," for reasons ol which he was well aware, lie joined heartily in the views of the members* fri'iids that they should compassionate those whom Providence had partly deprived of reason lest their vicious propenpif'x'o should make them dangerous to society. (Loud laughter). On the lollowing day, as soon as the House had met Air. VVest- Erskine referred to the little episode of the previous day, and said that he was not aware that he had eyer done anything to warrant such a statement, aud he defied any one to say that he had done anything dishonorable. Air. Hughes said the remarks were made in reply to an unwarranted attack made upon him by Air. West-Erskine. Parliament was not the place for these statements. (Hear). lie had had statements made to him respecting Air. West- Erskine, but that was not die place to refer to them. Good Templarism.— Lieutenant Jennings U.S., iS.lJ.G.W.C.T. Br. William Warren' of the Safe Anchor Lodge, llobe, attended at Kingston .Schoolroom on Thursday, the 1 ] th September, to institute the Lodge in connection with the Grand Lodge of South Australia. At the appointed hour, S.D.U. W.C.T. Warren took the chair, mid opened the Lodge in due form, assisted by the following oflicers from the Safe Anchor Lod"e Robe :—P. W.C.T. Br. Birkett, W.C.T. Br. Coleman, A.G.R.S.L.S. Br. MoPiiersou, W.V.T. Sister M. J. Farmer, W.C. Br. itev J. Dingle, W.T.S. Br. Allport, W.M. Sister Winter, W.D.M. Br. W. JlusseJl, W.T. Br. Gibson, W.A.S. Br. G. McKen/.ie, W.J.G. Br. J{. Russell, W.O.G. Br. llales. There were also several brothers present from the same Lodge, one from the JSjl JJcsperaudum, aud one from the Myrtle Lodge, forty candidates, viz. 12 ladies and 23 y were duly received and initiated with the full ami effective ceremonies of the Order, after winch it was resolved that tlie Li.lge should bear the name of " Kingston's Protection Lo Northern Territory.— A telegram has been received by the Government, stating that a new reef has been discovered at Stapieton Creek, nine miles north of the Adelaide River. :i'id only miles from .Southport. 'i ni ce prospecting and several ordinary claims have been registered- The barque Burton Suitiier, from Sydney for China via Port Darwin, arrived at the latter port on 20th instant, 27 days out, with over 'JJ passengers on board, including six females ; all well. The Annie has also arrived at Port Darwin. An old colonist, named Pretty, contractor, residing at North Adelaide, has died suddenly of heart disease. On Wednesday last we (Carcoar Chronicle) were shown a good-sized opal, which had been brought from the Abercrombie. It is really a beauty. We understand diat a large number of these gems are now being obtained in the same locality. SONS OF TEMPERANCE.— We hear that a proposal has been made to form a Temperance Benefit Society, of the description working very successfully elsewhere, under the name of "Sons of Temperance." Already a number of persons acquainted with the advantages of such an iiistitution liave signified their desire for enrolment, and we anticipate it will not be long ere a branch is floated in tins neighbourhood. Legislative Council Election.—The result, so far, of the polling is as follows:— Coglin, 956; Ross, 1399; Sandover, 1658; giving Mr. Sandover a majority over Mr. Rtoss of 259 votes. This is a result that liad been generally unexpected, the more so that the ballot-boxes first opened, which were those from Adelaide, and the polling places in its vicinity, gave Mr. Ross a large majority of votes. The voting in the agricultural districts—with the residents of which Mr. Sandover has a large acquaintance—altered the state of the poll in his favor. The boxes from the Districts of Flinders and Victoria aud from Goolwa are yet to be examined, but it is not likely tliat they will change the present position of the candidates. The voting in the district of Port Adelaide was as follows:— ta o Port Adelaide XJ Dry Creek ... 145 82 45 288 Kadina 5 1 0 7 0 38 25 72 Wallaroo ... S 9 10 35 Moonta 7 1G 12 30 Waterloo Corner 4 I 0 Virginia 5 8 3 13 Totals 183 149 101 23 456 The numbers entitled to vote in the three townships of the Peninsula were—Kadina, 231; Wallaroo, 214; Moonta, 218. Ax Auburn correspondent informs us that the early crops are looking very well indeed, but the late-sown paddocks are presenting an appearanee exactly the reverse. Butter is getting scarce, owing to the "potting season" having commenced. Eggs are very plentiful, but their proper accompaniment, baeon and hams, are " hard to be got hold of." The farmers think that they would not be ungrateful for a few timely fat-dropping showers. The short-hour movement has gained its victories wherever it has been introduced. We understand that the storekeepers' assistants at Moonta are now memorializing their employers in the matter. They ask that the hours of labor obtaining in the winter months shall also be observed during the summer, and from what we can learn they have a fair prospect of succeeding in then- project. A Sydney telegram states that the. Danish brig Oscar, 300 tons, from Amoy, while entering the Heads, missed stays, struck under the North Head, and sunk instantly. The captain, his wife, crew, and pilot had just time to enter a boat without oars, and were drifted outside the Heads, and then into Cabbage Tree Bay, where all managed to wade through the surf and get safely ashore. The vessel entirely disappeared. She was insured in Hamburg. Northern Territory Justices' Bill.— The Legislative Council have thrown out the Northern Territory .Justices' Bill by a majority of three, and we think they are to be highly commended for having done so. Had the Bill passed it would liave involved an expenditure for the lirst year of from eight to ten thousand pouuds, an outlay which would have been outrageously incommensurate with the public benefit to be derived from the measure. If it be absolutely necessary that a judge should visit the Northern Territory there can be no insuperable objection to one of the present judges proceeding thither at stated intervals. Of course they would dislike the duty, but seeing that the offices they hold are not far from being sinecures, it would be no great hardship if each of them were to go to the Northern Territory on circuit, say, once a year. Immigration Regulations.— The regulations hitherto in force under the " Immigration Act, 1872," have been annulled aud fresh ones framed in then- place. According to the new Regulations any natural born or naturalized British subject resident in the colony desirous of procuring a passage from Europe to South Australia of artisans, agricultural aud other laborers, miners, and gardeners, under 50 years of age—and if married, fheir wives and families—single female domestic servants or widows not excluding 40 years of age, must pay the following sums in aid of the passages of both males and females. Under 12 years, £3; 12 years and under 40, £4; 40 years aud under 50, £8. To be eligible, the candidates must be in the habit of working at one of the callings referred to, aud must be going out with the intention of following one of those occupations. They must be sober, industrious, of good moral character, in good health, free from all mental aud bodily defects, appear physically to be capable of labor and have been vaccinated for the small pox. The following are ineligible for assisted passages —persons who have previously resided in South Australia and have returned from thence ; persons in the habitual receipt of parish relief, children under 12 without their parents ; husbands without their wives, or wives without their husbands, unless, in the last three instances, the parent*, wife, or husband be jin South Australia; or single women who have had illegitimate children. Any person in the colony wisliiug to obtain ail assisted passage for an emigrant may, on paying into the office of Crown Lands and Immigration, obtain au Immigration Certificate, wliich will have 12 months' currency, aud will be transferable, but iu no case will the contributor have any portion of the money paid refunded to him ; or any person in England desirous of obtaining an outward passage, for himself or for another, may in compliance with the regulations receive an embarkation order. Any emigrant or person nominating an emigrant shall within 30 days after the emigrant's arrival in the colony be allowed to pay the balance of passage money—which is not to exceed in all £15 for every statute adult, and shall be entitled to a Laud Order value £20 for each person of 12 years of age aud uj)wards, and of the value of £10 for each child between the age of 1 and 12. In order to get an embarkation order the first step is to forward the Immigration Certificate to the Emigration Agent for South Australia, No. 37, Great George-street, Westminster, London, S. W , with the applicant's full address, and to request that an application form may be transmitted, which when received must be accurately lilled up aud returned to the Emigration Agent in London, the applicants will then be informed whether a passage can be granted or not; if it can they will as soon as practicable receive au Embarkation Order (not transferable) from the Emigration Agent naming the ship in which they are to sail, the date when they must join her, aud the port of embarkation. It is to be noticed that intending emigrants will not be allowed to embark until they have been approved by the Emigration Agent at the port of embarkation, and that any false statement or misrepresentation as to qualification will render them liable to forfeit their passages. Emigrants proeeeding direct from Europe to South Australia, having been approved as suitable by au Emigration Agent and paying the whole cost oi" their passages, or persons paying the passages of such emigrants will be entitled to receive a Land Order Warrant, which will be received as part of the purchase-money of any Crown land open for selection, but the grant of such laud will not be issued until it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of Crown Lands tliat the immigrant for whose benefit the Land Order was issued, as well as the holder of such Order, have resided continuously for two years in the colony. Clause 8 of the regulations provides that any person or persons, company, association, or society desirous of bringing to the colony at liis or their expense suitable emigrants for the purpose of settling on Crown lauds or engaging in any colonial industry, aud who shall enter into an agreement with the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the conveyance from Europe of such immigrants, aud shall also enter into a contract with tlie Commissioner that such immigrants shall reside continuously in the colony for two years from the date of then arrival, shall be entitled to receive on their - arrival a Land Order, value £16, for each adult emigrant, aud one of the value of £8 for each cliild between the ages of one and twelve years, and which Orders shall be immediately available for the purchase of any waste lands af the Crown which may he offered for sale, or which may be open to selection for cash or credit in any part of the colony. Mr. Levi Stone, of Salisbury, has committed suicide by drowning himself in a water hole. The water was only 18 inches deep. An amended Land Bill has been introduced into the Victoria Parliament. It increases a selector's area to 643 acres, and requires Is an acre per annum, payable half yearly for a term of six years, the improvements to be equal to 10s. iu value within ttiree years from signing the contract. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. — The financial statement made by the Treasurer in the House .of Assembly on Tuesday last was one of a cheering nature. He had not, said Mr. Glyde, the character of being a sanguine man, but lie confessed that he now took a rather san* guine view of the prospects of the colony. He had got out a few figures giving the total ex. ports and imports for the year ending last June, and the year ending June, 1372, aud he confessed to being quite taken by surprise by finding the enormous increase which had taken place diis year over the previous year. The total imports for the year ended 30th June, 1873, amounted to £3,302,076, and the total imports for the previous year—for the year ended 30th June, 1872—were £2,210,248, showing an increase in the past year on the year before of just about 50 per cent.—a most astonishing and pleasing fact. With regard to the exports—the exports for the yea* ended June, 1J173—were £4,513,133 as against £3,39G,22(j for the yeac before, showing an increase of just about onethird, or 33 per cent. In the year ending June, 1372, the value of the cereals exported was £944,780, while that of the last year—the year ending June 3 ), 1373, was £1,CGI,213. With regard to the next largest export—wool—for the last year ending in June, 1373, die exports amounted to' A 1,521,217 againsifor the previous year, £1,170,750 being again a very large increase indeed, something like one-third or rather more. With reference to minerals, the proportionate increase was not so great; still it was considerable. The value of the minerals exported for the last year was £795,513 as against £727,072 for the preceding year. With regard to this export he wished the benefits of mining were more equally distribued. (Hear, hear.) Some few people made large fortunes and many of them burned their fingers in trying to make fortunes. (A laugh, and hear hear.) The value of die wine exported for the year ending June 30, 1872, was £10,590, against £8,167, the value for the year before. They exported during the past year rough gold to the value of £0,536, as compared with £6,000 for die year before. The enure number of acres of land sold in South Australia up to the 31st of August was, 4,366,952, of which area 12,000,000 acres were in cultivation, and out of that 12,000,000 acres 800,000 acres were laid down in wheat. The total number of acres sold on credit was 370,597, and the amount owing was£l,177,154. Most of that sum might be paiu, but it depended 011 the seasons. Tlie total number of depositors in the Savings Bank on the 1st of the present month was 17,651, and the total amount of funds was £631,789. Their bonded debt upon the 18th January, 1874—he preferred taking diat date, having provided for all pay. GJfcnis up to that date—would be £2,122,600, and he might acknowledge that, although some years ago he was timid about borrowing too much, he did not think that a debt of £2,000,000 was at all an unreasonable amount of debt for the colony to bear. The total cost of the Overland Telegraph up to the present time was £372,000. Though lie voted against the line, he should be sorry now to be without it. He believed that it was worth the money spent upon it. Up to the 1st of this month they had received from the Northern Territory ust about £200,000, including £92,000 for land aud interest calculated upon that, and £8'J,000 being the proceeds of bonds ; altogedier about £200,000. Againt that the payments they had made amounted to £208.000, besides £13,0*0 they had paid as interest upon bonds. He was happy to say that although in many places he had had to put 12 months' expenditure against six months' revenue, he was able to make both ends meet, and to show a small balance in his favor. He began with the revenue, and brought forward £23,000, instead of having a deficiency, as feared by his predecessor. To that amount £8,000 was to be added for commonage, receipts not yet carried to Revenue account; aud he was also authorised to add £15,000 more, for he could now tell how the revenue was doing this half-year. That amount he had received already from the Customs alone ; and although he estimated only to receive £150,000 from the Customs during the six months, by the end of September he should have £»0,000—15,000 more than expected. The Government proposed that £15,000 should be voted for assisted immigration, aud £5,(j00 for free immigration. He hoped £50,000 would be voted for immigration for the year 1874-5. NORTHERN TERRITORY.— The following is an extract from a letter received by a person in Adelaide from a correspondent in the Northern Territory :—j have been in the Territory neariy three months, and the conclusion arrived at is tliat tin's is or will be one of the greatest gold-producing countries in the world, and mcli was my opinion nine years ago. line there has been an awful amount of swindling. The said swindling has originated in Adelaide. There is a telegram going round now that says, 'Peg out; send good report.' This is for lioating purposes. What an inducement for a poor man to be dishonest. Tnis is really too bad. Many a. hardworking fellow has invested his earnings in these Companies ou the faith of reports, and of what value are they in most casesIf reports are to be believed le . them come from some respectable practical ! mining man—some one who lias a character to Jose. It would do you good 10 see the claims that have been floated --some without anything to show, not even quartz; some with a little quartz and very little gold; others have a good show, aud will no doubt prove remunerative. There are others that 1 think will yie d fortunes to any lucky holders in them, as I have seeu the gold in two of them thick, with every prospect of its continuing, and I have no doubt but many others will satisfy the most sanguine." BAROSSA COPPER.— The first load of copper ore from Malcolm's Barossa mine arrived in Gawler a day or two since, producing much joyous excitement, the future success of the mine being drunk in bumpers of champagne. Tiie rush to the Palmer River alluvial diggings is withdrawing the miners from the reefs at Ltheridge. There are excellent prospects at the new discovery, and men have abandoned wages o£ from £4 to £5 per week to go to it. Several machines are consequently idle for want of stone. A man whose name is unknown has been found dead in a boarding-house in Little Bourke-street Melbourne. It is supposed he poisoned himself with strychnine. A miner named Thos. Brown was on Monday going down the Jonson's Reef Tribute mine at Sandhurst, when one of the staples holding the ladder gave way. He fell down some 60 feet, but was little injured. A papyrus which was discovered a few months ago in a tomb in Egypt has recently been fully translated by a profound scholar of Heidelberg. He finds it to be an allocation of Rameses III " to his people and all men on earth, " i-eejunti::^ th^ jjtvat de-^J-; do:ni in the (lays of his father ana grandfather. The discovery is bibKca] students, valuable one for giv. - witujjarticul:'.:- • let.-iil lite - royal ah u crises : iter which i- i to the do .villas of th- il »saic reform ;t:id the lixodus > f 1;. * .Teivs. There is apparently 110 doubr at ail about the authenticity of the M.S., which is large, well written, and well preserved. 