ARIIVAL OF THE ENGLISHK MIAIL, Fromn t & M ileraltd'a telegrams.) \ M ELna ReeNE, Saturday, Tee R. M. 8. Nubia, Captsin Hall, arrived in the Bay at noon to.day, having left King George's Sound on the 8tb, where ahb arrived the day pre vious. GENERAL SUMMARY. October 81. Great disappointment wes felt in London when the failure of the experimental ehipment of frozen meat became known. Numoerous gentlemen con nected with Aurtralia were at 'theo South Dock to board the Norfolk on her arrivil, and looked very blank on learning that the meat lhad all been thrown overboard. Blr. Harrison met with muoh sympathy. He attributes the failure entirely to the hurried way in which preparations were made,\ the ship having started without affording an opportunity of testing the apparatus. On getting to sea the lehakage of cold brine, on the maintenance and ciicdlation of which eucesos depended, boame exceessive, "and owing to the surrounding cargo theb leaks were \pot accessible. On the thirty- fourth day nineteen tons of meat were thrown overboard; the remainder was esacrifloed when off the Azores. The failure is cohaidered only temporsry. eMr. Soil, a Glasgow butober, is bringing over twenty-four head of cattle weekly from Osanads. The first oonsignment of Queensland sugar to test the English market, was sold by auction last week, the prices realised boing considered eatis factory. " L?arge quantities of Australian tinned- mte have been forwarded to the West Coast of Africa. At the Mansion House banquet on the 21st, Mr. Snaul Samuel made an admirable speech in resp\nding to the toast ol the British colonies. He arotsd the attachment of the Australian colonies to theinothbr country, deprecating severance,and warned EngSand against sacrifcing tbhe intogrity of the empiro to saor did notions of economy. Captain Warren'e machine for the production qf artificial ice was exhibited last week, It is intended principslly for use in India. The Rev. John Graham from Sydney preohed the' inaugural sermon of the autumnal meetings of the Congregational Union at Ipswich. Lord Derby was entertained at a non-political banqueot in the town ball at Liverpool. Nearly three hundred guests, including thebo lord-manors of Lon don, York, and Dublin, and numerous country magistrates, were present. Thebo object of tbhogathor log was to rooognise the warm interest Lord Derby has always taken in Liverpool affairs. Hoe spoke upon the relations between capital and labour, glanced at tbhe circumstances surrounding the Aehen tee war, and said that hisejudgment was in sueponso regarding ministerial responsibility for the war.. The Duke of Edinburgh, during his stay in the Orimes, visited Seobastopol and assisted at the trial trip of the ironclad Novgorod. Sir Bamuel and Lady Baker have arrived in Lon don. They have accepted an invitation from the Geogrsphlesl Society of Now York to vitl Ameorlca next summer. General Mo Olelland has arrived in England from Asnorioa; and Mark T'wain has boon lecturing to largao audioences in London. The oaseos of cholera imported into Liverpool from Harre have not resulted in a spread of the diseaseo. Sinco the departure of the Danish immigrants there has boon no outbroak in London. Cholera has de olined at the northorn ports of Europe; but tbo utmost vigilance Is exoercieod by the, sanitary ,in spoetors, :'' Aooorqing.to the report of the sanitary committee, saovontypor cont. of the tea iniportod ianially is not teo a' all, but~ lbaoveo 'of otber plant's.' Ton million lbs. of grossly adulteratod' tea is now in bond. The oommitt oo rgo ipnmediate plrliamentary notion.f Tho home rul ngitation in Ireland proceeds vikgor. o?usly. ''The priostliood arp giving a qualified adhoe sion. Mr. Butt leatured on the subject in London and elsewhere. The Irish natloal comminssialoners on etducation have pooeds i iresol0tioh' Ihat 'oh Fatho O'iKooflfe satisfying them that he 'is a fit person to eroolso thattrust, they will' 'eoognieo him noas managor .bf the Oallan 'sobooles, " A proposal to reinstate him, ,owover, waso negatived'by 10 to 4,. The matter was ,,[orred'to the localt inspootor for inquiry and re ,oirt. ' Reginald Herbert, who undertook to row from .oaidenhead to WVestmlnater bridge in twqlvo hours for £1000; ~acoompliheod.'tho jburnoey in ten hours, otwoon six ~e~l four. Two mtmbrs of theo Hackney Bloyalo Olub have taken a pleasure trip 'to Lae'End End hacd bak, throe hundred m?iqs, without disaster. ' , hlr. Brassoy, looun u 'res'lr oq conomv and trade, qt.Norwiob, said hd thought'eoal~neuet fail in price' inehboni two'yeacrs, thogh never to. the old ratbe, o looks for 1relief plqnly.to new mothodee0f aoonoe mising the use of coal. ' : Eight hundred Leioelostershire minoers atruok on the weighing quoetion'??? ''."' SSeorious riots by Cornish minores ooourrd at Gam borno, originating in fodds '?itli the polloe. The Nottingham laoe-trado strike continues. A gonr,, 'Iatrike is la:mmindhn amoeg Lolth' .eilors.' , Concoselons by mastersa 'trmlnatod the nailors' strilko. In *oomeorpitashirofour torohliqht'· rooossione of egrlotiltural labouroere" pase'd off :without disorder. About 10,000 porsopit qltllth'r were present. Hundreds of tenant farmers countenuanced the pro 0eodln~llr · . . .. - . .. Railway 'ooldonte are delininlg in frequenoy and oseverity, but still ntlnerous collieoibse bva ooourod. The transatlanti o billoon was ropsirod, and tarletd froii New York on the morning of' the Oth, with Messras. 'Donaldeon', 'Ford, and Lnrit,. going east, These men wyo--a balloonlet, an artist, and a sallot. After a 'shoit sbil aoroase.onnoetliout, it deesoonded ihbout ia' hundred miles from the altrtling point. Baroum is in Europe notshliting eminent aeronauts on the subject of'a ?voyago btwleon Ame rionand Europe. At Sbhenfold the Stool manufacturerors anr worlking onl fosr daysa 'weook owing 'to tho darunoe of c?oal. ,.? , . f . ./ An amnoban mooting was hold 'on. llackhoath, and a mpnato 'gisthorlng i' arnnounced as? Dublin for November 23, the sanintioe'ary of' the eooution of thoM?aneho etor Fpplanq,." : ' S.The Tiobbomrno trial continues. Defolndant's ase was toncluded on the 27eh. Mr. Ha kins it now calling roeniting oyltneseos.. Lady Itadoliffa's ro oxasm'inationl'astod a wholo' day. 8S'o denied the teotimony of' noarly all the adverse w'tnosses given during the month,. Greit ooitomont' was produced by the alleged airival of Arthur Orton. The ovi denaon of Captain Brown and John Ltlno, toward 'of thk Osproy, who deolared'thoy plokedl up Tiohbqo~lo, and brought him to' Mielbourno, cauosed much s priso, . • ' lRoad.making li progressing rapidly towardi the capital of the Aebantoose who appear to be ro'root log.· - - ····· Australilan tin has attracted attostion, and it is pronouneod equal In quallty to the beot Engli tin. Theo Samuel Pllmcoll for Sydney will teo e hundred and tdn asisted immigrants,. 