MR. ANTHONY TROLLOPE ON NEW SOUTH WALES TnE second division of Mr. Trollope'a book on Australia — dealing with this colony — has just been issned at Melbourne. Its publication has followed closely his visit to these colonies, and is warm with the fervour- of our welcome to him. The pressure of kindly hands, the out spoken admiration of his frankness, his man- liness, and his tenderness — the desire which most of us havo (and which we manifested in his case) to link ourselves to the glory and greatness of the Empire in the special honour paid to her dearest sons — the grateful recogni tion of all these things is to be found in thisbook. We were all anxious to make his visit aa pleasant as possible, to discbarge in some sort by small services of courtesy the debt.of grati tude which every lover of pure English litera ture owes to one who has given to us all such delightful stories. And we were not insensible of the distinction of being face to face with one whose reputation was so great — whose position was so nssured — whose claims to our admiration and gratitude were so undoubted. And there was also a very pardonable curiosity to know what manner of man was this who appeared to have so complete a knowledge of the secrets of the hearts and the concealed motives of the youngest and purest of God's creatnres ; and who at the same time was a healthy, vigorous man of the world — one of the keenest of obsorvers, and most sagacious of advisers. To the sentimental and highly imaginative admirer, who bad conjured up on ideal wi iter of love stories, Mr. Trollope must, in the first moments of his acquaintanceship, have inspired a melancholy disappointment. He was in many respects so exactly the oppo site of anything that might bo conceived of him from his writings, that one was somewhat startled at first by the antagonism between the man of our imagination and the one before us. The delicate delineator of sweet female character, who could follow even the musings of a young girl — knew- the treasured tender ness which she had hidden from all the world as if he sat in a litorary confessional and into his ear alone was pourod her tale — turned out to be a man who loved to ride forty or fifty miles a day — who would jump into the sea on the smallest provocation — was passionately fond of all sport, fishing, hunting, clnmbering over rocks only to see the fish-spearing of our aboriginals (as the writer of this notice saw him last year) ; in fine, wns a great hearty ont-of-doors Englishmon, as thoroughly enjoy ing a holiday as the best and idlest of school boys. Perhaps no man was better fitted to write abont us than Mr. Trollope. There are none of our occupations, ambitions, or sports that would be too small for his observation — too contemptible for his sympathy, or too poor /or bis interest in thorn. He was eminently fitted to observe and readily understand our industries — to watch our little public life, and have no sentiment of contempt for its small- ness, and to sbaro our amusements without reminding us of their utter insignificance. Ho wa9 in fact not an ordinary man, but what Sydney Smith called "a mauifold man," when be says, "The moaning of an extraordin ary man is, that he is eight men, not one man ; that he has as much wit as if ho had.no sense, and as much sense as if ho had no wit; that his conduct is as judicious as if ho were the dullest of human beings, and his imagination as brilliant as if ho were irretrievably ruined." One had no eraborrassment in asking kim to share any sport, or in inviting his attention to anything worthy of notice. Of course, those who were familiar with that chnrmiog little book which ho wrote thirtoen or fourteen years ago, " The West Indies and the Spanish Main," had some apprehensions that ho wonld sketch the portraits of some of us, and not show us to the world so good looking as we thought ourselves to be. White young ladies may have been pardoned for remembering that exquisite little picture of the black young lady at Port Antonio, who told her love and her disappointment to the sympathising and pub lishing tourist ; and political gentlemen may have been reasonably anxious about an in timate personal acquaintance with the writer who gave so admirable a picture ot the Jamaica House of Assembly in committee, in which one orator indulged in this singular peroration : — " Shameful, abominable, scandal ous, rascally ! I'll not sit in such a House ; no man should sit in such a Houso. By G — , I'll resign as soon as I see the Speaker in that chair. Sir, come and havo a drink of rum and wator ! " But to us Mr. Trollope has showu nothing but tonderness, and has lavish ed as many cotnplimonts upon us as ho once paid to Demornra — " Demorara, ho Elysium of the tropics — tho West Indian bnppy valley of Rasselas — tho ono true and actual Utopia of the Carriboan Sens — tbeTransatlanticEden." Ho sees among us nothing but beauty every where. Our climate is perfection — our tnos-. quitos are more musical than malignant— our suakos aro abject and innocent — wo have no " sensational wild boasts " aud our magpies aro melancholy, not larcenous. "Tho mosquito of Australia is u poor, impo tent, and contcmptiblo creature as compared, for instance, with tho mosquito of tho Unitod Stntes. If a man wants to find his master— a master whom ho cannot ovado or subdue, a tyrant under whoso lash bo will have to quail with a sonso of uncoasing inferiority and trembling subjection, let him remain in "Washington through tho month of July. Thon tho horn of tho animal will be to him as tho trnmpots of ton thousand coming foos, against whom no struggles, no dofonco can avail aught. Night and day ho will bo as Job was, till all his mnuhood will depart from him. And afterwords, if ho snrvivo, ho will think of himself ns of ono who has gono through worse thon an .Egyptian plague. Ho will bo justified in no suoh fooling in reference to tho Australian mosquito— whom I declare to bo comparatively a poor creature ontitlod to but littlo attention. So much — ns a traveller rocording his oxperinnco — I fool bound to say, becauso tho animal has suc- coodod in acquiring some reputation. To write a book about Australia and mnko uo allusion to the mosquito would bo improper. "And I may as well any here as elsewhere that I do not think yory much of Australian snakes. Tho black snake, with its lemalo tho brown snnke, and tho douth-addor — ns a cortain dull- coloured lethargic croaturo is cnllod— are no doubt venomous to tho douth ; but thoy are not obtrusive. Thoy attack only when they find thomselvos unablo to oscapo, and aro not numer ous as I had been taught to expect. Tho yellow snake — so collodfrom itsyollow belly — is equally poisonous, but equally scarce and pacific. I as sisted in killing ono fino fellow, about ton foot long ; but ho was n curpot snake, and as abjeot and innocont as a frog. Tho diamond snoko is, I baliovo, the samo as the oorpet snake. " Australia is altogether deficient in sensa tional wild beasts. The iguana is perhaps the most startling in' oppearnnoe. Ho is a hngo lizard, with a huge body and a very fat tail. I saw one shot which was five feat in length, and which, weighed,-!, should . think, over -twenty -pounds. They are said to be as good as chickens ; but I . never ate one or come across any one who bod done so. They live among trees, and are often to be seen npon tho branches. The .opossum — "np a gum tree"— where 'he is always to be foundr-soems to be tho most porso- vering aboriginal inhabitant of the country. He does not recodo before civilisation, but addicts himself to yonng cabbages, aud is a nuisance. As the blacks die out, there is- no one to oat biro, and he is prolific. He sloops sound, and is very- oasy to kill with a dog, that will set him — for tho hollow, half dead, crumbling gum trees are full of him. But. there is no. iun in killing him, for ho noithor fights nor runs away. The kangaroo is so woll known — as are also the wallaby and paddymeloD, which seem to- be kangaroos in a state of dwindling nature— that but little-need be said about them here: That they run only on two legs, and carry their young in poucheB, every child has learned from his pioture books. Of tho manner of. hunting the kangaroo I will speak in anothor chapter. They are still very numerous in many parts of the country. I havo como upon herds, in whicli hundreds havo been congregated together, but they are more fre quently met by threes and folirs. In some dis tricts they Bre increasing in number, because there are no longer black men to eat thsm. Tho dingo or wild dog is the squetter's diroot enemy. Ho comes down by night from holes in the hills or out of deuso scrubs, and destroys the lambs and drivos the sheep. The squatter attempts to rid himself of the dingo by poison, and conse quently stryohnine is as common in a squatter's house as castor oil in a nursery. On many large runs carts are continually being taken round with baits to be sot on the paths of the dingo. In smallor establishments the. Bquatter or his bead man goes abont with strychnine in his pocket and lamps of meat tied up in a handker chief. Hesoe it comes to pass that the use of a shepherd's dog is impossible, unless it be muzzled. Bat the dingo likos lamb better than bait, and the squatters sometimes are broken hearted. "There are no lions, tigers, or leopards in Australia; nor pumas or ouncoB— not even a monkey. The cockatoos and parakeets are to the eye of an Englishman — especially in Queensland, where they are very common— the most foreign- looking of Australian animals, after he has be come used to the jumping kangaroo. The sounds from tho birds too ore very different from those of English birds — much less melodious, but clearer, louder, and more continuous, and sometimes very melancholy. That of the laugh ing-jackass— an ugly, healthy, ubiquitous brute of a bird — is the most common. 1 have heard it much abused, but I learned to like it, and to feel that there was something friendly and familiar about the aoimal. Its proper name is the gigantic kingfisher. It is also called the settler's olock : — and by the aboriginals, gogobera, that being to the black mao's ear the Bound of the animal's voice. The bell bird and the magpie are also to be beard — the latter in some parts of Australia very continuously. The magpie is in no respect akin to the bird which stole the cardiual'b ring. It is much larger and has a loud clear noto, which was to my ear full of melancholy, The lyre bird is a beautiful creaturo, which, how ever, I novor saw noar enough to recognise its beauty." What our friend Mr. Gerard Krefft, F.L.S., will say to this St. Patrick of letters, who has, by a magic stroke of his poo effected the emigration of nineteen out of the twenty- one " venomous snakes," of which, according to Mr. Krefft, we were the possessors, we are at a loss to conceive. We rejoice that there only remain to us those beautiful lithographs of MissHarriett Scott's of " lloplocephcdus curtus" and " Diemenia superciliosa," and that the subjects of those carefully executed and charm ing portraits have left us for ever ; and it is equally a matter of congratulation to us (though doubtless a source of some pain to Mr. Krefft) that his own espocial snake — the bearer of his own name — the "Cacophis Kreftii," exists only in the "Geographical Index" of his own admirable book. A man who enjoys a hearty innocent laugh, who rises at the dawn of day, who hates vermin as Mr. Trollops does, would naturally sympathise with our gigantic kingfisher, that ugly but pleasant and sagacious bird, who seems n very Faktaff in humour, who loves the neighbour hood of the poor settler, and callB him to his fields iu the morning, but hatos snakes as if he were an ichneumon, and i3 sufficiently good nod serviceable to have won for himself and his posterity the protection of aa Act of Parlia ment; for although in no sense of the word (save in his undoubted pluck) is he entitled to tho appellation of " game," there ho stands in tho second schedule of 20 Vic., No. 22, described as the "Great Kingfisher, commonly known as the Laughing Jackass." Of coarse we are rejoiced to learn that our own melan choly but thoroughly virtuous magpie is no way connected with that sacrilegious wretch in' the affecting legend of " Father John Iogoldsby," of Douai, who, watching the groat Lord Cardinal as " From.his finger he draws His costly torquoise, And not thinking at all about little jackdaws," hopped off with the Pontifical ring, and brought down upon himself the terrible curse. The European Pica is said by Gould to be ono of most beautiful of birds, but (liko some other interesting creatures) to be a confirmed Meptomaniac. Our commonplace but honest mag C Slrepcra graculina the learned call him) would no moro think of prigging the jewellery of a Prince of the Cburoh, than ho would of going down a shaft at Hill End and swallow- ing nuggets. In speaking of our fish Mr. Trollope praises highly tho Melbourne whiting, tho Burra Mundi of Roekhampton, and the trumpeter of Tasmania. It is probable that wo havo no fish equal to tho trumpeter, and Burra Mundi is very much esteemed ; but un questionably, our whiting aro firmer, moro delicate, and in every way superior to the Melbourne fish of the samo name ; whilo we havo a variety of fish of rare flavour to which the fish markots of other Australian colonies nre strangers. One need only mention tho black rock cod. tho rod and whito morwoug, tho " moorn- nonuugai" (for which fish alone "Luoullus" would hnvo visited the antipodes), the "aulopus" (sergeant-baker), the red mullet, the taragliu, to say nothing of our soles aud fioundors ; the very abundance of our schnap. pers, fist head, travnlly, black aud red bream, rouders usalmost indifferent to their excellence. Of the fresh water fish (even of the Murray River cod), Mr. Trollope does not think highly, but the fish has such a number of admirers that even so great an authority will hardly damage in the smallest dogree his popularity. It may seem to somo hardly worth while to descend ta such particulars, as Mr. Trollope has not scrupled to furnish, regarding our insects and reptiles. But the sturdy British emigrant hates insects and is disposed to regard theso colonies as the very kingdom of entomology. And aa the witty reviewer in the Edinburgh, half a century ago, doscribed the regions of travel of the celebrated Mr, Waterloo, as places "where all nature is alive, and seems to be gathering all her entoraologioal hoBta to eat you np, as you aro standing, out of your , ooat; wajstooa'tj and .breeohes and then observes, "AH this reconciles as to onr dews, fogs, vapours, and drizzle. — to onr apothecaries, rushing about with gargles and tinctures — to our old British constitutional conghs, sore throats, and swelled faces," so Mr. Trollope is perfeotly aware that mosquitos and ticks oounteraot immigration ; and snakes not only enjoy but preserve solitary places for themselves, and silently but surely discourage intruders. Of oonrse we look at onoe for a description of Sydney, and Mr. Trollope can hardly be said to disappoint our most sanguine expecta tions. The beauty of our harbour is a subject upon whioh we can patiently and complacently hear strangers talk at all seasons. It is the one thing in which we are conscious of supre macy, and hardly care to take the trouble of affirming that we koow there is no such scene of loveliness anywhere elsa. And thus it happens that our inquiries sometimes appear to be half-apologetic, as Mr. Trollope points out, inasmuch as we feol some embarrassment in asking about a thing so self-evident. "I dospair of being able to convey to any reader my own idea. of tho boauty o"f Sydney harbour. I have seen nothing equal to it in tho way ofland-locked sea-scenery — nothing second to it. Dublin Bay, the Boy of Spezi i, New York, and the Cove of Cork are all picturesquely fine. Bantry Bay, with the nooks of sea running up to Glengariff, is very lovely. But thoy aro not equal to Sydney either in shapo, in colour, or in variety, 1 have never seen Naples, or Rio Janeiro, or Lisbon : — but from description and picturos I am led to think that nono of them can possess such a world of loveliness of water as lies -within Sydney Heads. The proper thing to assert is that the floots of all nations might rest securely within the protection of tho harbour. How much scieogo of sea the fleets of all nations might requiro I cannot even surmise ; — but if they could be anchored together anywhere, they surely could be so anchored at Sydney. "As I thought of this, steaming up the harbour to Sydney Covo — having just heard the boast from a stout Sydney citizen— I felt assured that whenever the experiment should be triod,. the English fioet would enter' first with proud pre- emiuenco, and range themselves with hanghty courtesy close under the Governor's house and all round the town. Then would come the Danish, the Swedish, the Spanish, tho Portuguese, the Turkish, the Russian, and the Austrian iron clads. And we should glow with national pride aa we told ourselves that; added together, all theso foreign ships of war amounted to about half our collected force. The French and the Prussian Hosts would place themselves in the broad oxpansa between Manly Beech and Watson's Bay, watching each other with ill- concealed hatred. In the 'very mouth of tho harbour would be four or five American Alabamas —who would thus bo enabled to hurry of to Europe, to burn Liverpool, and carry off all the ropes of pearls which lie hidden between Bond- street and the Tower of London. By tho time they had disposed of the spoil in New York, we should be extricating ourselves from our position. The Americans after a while would apologiso. Tho captains would probably have misunderstood their instructions, and would have gold swords given to tbem. But thoy would not pay for a single rope of pearls, and Liverpool would re build itself. '''fha people of Sydney are by no means in different to the beauty of their harbour, and claim for it tho admiration of strangers with something of tho language, but not with the audacity, of Americans, when thoy demand the opinions of their visitors as to their remarkable institutions. There is something of shamofaoed- noss, a confession of provincial weakness, almost an acknowledgment that they ought not to be proud of a thing so insignificant, in the tono in which you are asked whether, upon the whole, you do not think Sydney harbonr rathor pretty. Every Sydney man and every Sydney woman doos nsk you the question— as dooB every American ask that other question ; but it is asked in Sydney with bated breath, and with somothing of on apology, 'Of course, you have been bothered out of your lifo about onr harbour ; but it is pretty — don't you think so ? ' It is so inexpressibly lovely - that it make3 a man ask himself whether it would not be worth his while to move his household gods to tho eastern coast of Australia, in order that ho might look at it as long as ho oan look at unything. There are certain Bpots, two or three miles out of tho town, now ocoupiod generally by villas, or included in the grounds of some happy resident, which have nothing for tho imagination to add, Groeooakes and Mount Adelaide, bolonging to two brothers, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Ilonry Mort, are perfect. Sir James Martin, who was tho Prime Minister when I was first there, and who, I hope, may soon be so again, has a garden falling down to the son, which is like fuiryland. There is a rock outside— or probably inside— the grounds of Woolluhra, bolonging to Mr. Cooper, on which the blacks in the old days, when they wore happy and undisturbed, used to collect them selves for festive, political, and warlike pur poses. I wonder whether thoy enjoyed it as I did I How they must havo hated the original Cooper when ho came and took it— bought it for '20s. an acre, out of which thoy got no divi dend, or had a grant of it from the English Crown ! Woollahra is a magnificent property, covorod with villas and gardens, all looking down upon the glorious sea. In England it would bo worth half a million of monoy, and as things go on, it will soon be worth as much in New South Wales ; and perhaps somo futuro Cooper will be Duke Cooper or Marquis Cooper, and Woollahra will bo as lamous as Lowthsr or Chatsworth. It is infinitely more lovoly than oithor. I envied tho young man, and almost hated him for having it— although he had just givon me an oxcollont dinner." Of our public gardens lie speaks with cntlui-. siasm. Of -tho beauty of their situation in deed it is difficult to convey any adequate idea to a stranger, and as the bxik has no illustra. tions (uu almost- fatal defect in a book of travels) Mr, Trollopo can only describe in an imperfect way scenes of such varied and in comparable loveliness as are daily and hourly presented to the nursomaids and tlieir infant charges who are almost the only visitors to one ot the fait est pleasure grounds in tho world. Of the suburbs he writes very pleasantly, par ticularly of ono whicli lie knew best : — " Thero is|lhe littlo trip by steam ferry over to tlioNorth Shore, whore lives that prince of profes sors nnd greatest of Greciuns, Dr. Badham, of tho University. I should liko to be tho ferry- mun over that ferry to Lavender Bay, on condi tion that the doctor uiot mo with some refresh ment on each journey. Sydney is one of those places which, whonuman leaves it knowiug that ho will uevor return, ho cannot leave without a pang and a tear. Such is its loveliness," His sketch of what he saw and heard of our fortifications is worth quoting ; and his desire to join the artillery because of the magnificont prospects from George's Head, and tho noble views on all sides from Middle Head, is charac teristic : — " I was much surprised at tho fortifications of Sydney harbour. Fortifications, unless spocially inspected, escape even n vigilant seer of sights, but I luckily formysolf, was onabled spocially to inspoct thorn. I had previously no idoa that tho people of Now South Wales were either so sus picious of onemios, or so pugnacious in their nature. I found five soparato fortresses, armed, or lo bo nrmed, to thotoeth with numerous guns — four, five, or six at oach point : Armstrong guns, rifled guns, guns of eighteen tons weight, with loopholed walls, and pits for riflemen, as though Sydney wore to become another Sebaato- pol., I was Bhovrn how tbo whole harbour find city woro' commanded by theso guns. There were -open - batterios-und raseraOfftSd'Tfatterios, shell-rooms and gunpowder magazines, barracks rising hero and trenches dug thore. Tliore was a boom to bo placed across the harbour, and a whole world of torpodoos ready to bo sunk be- noath tbo wator, all of which wero prepared and ready for use in an hour or two. It was ox- plained to mo that 'thoy' could not possibly got across tho trenchos, or break tho boom, or oscape the torpodoos, or live for an hour benoath the blaze of the guns. 'Thoy' would not havo a chonco to get at Sydney. There was much martial ardour, and a very general opinion that ' thoy ' would havo tho worst of it. For u time I could not gathor who ' thoy ' woro to bo. But ' indirect damages ' woro on mon's tonguos, and so I know who wero tho ' thoy ' at that moment uppermost in the thoughts of my companions. It "would bo tho same in regard to any other enemies of England, either in esse or in posse. I hopo that Now South Wales may never have to fight for England, and oortainly that she may not havo to fight America. But the feeling of loyalty in the colony is so strong, that woro there a fight on hand, sho would bo unhappy not to bo allowed to tako some share in it. But in viewing those fortifications,. I was most spocially struck by tho lovolinoss of the sites chosen. One would almost wish to be a gunnor for tho sako of being at one of.these forts." Of our system of Stato instruction ho has some valuable observations, and ho thoroughly familiarised himself during his stay with our public schools, their management, attenbance, and results. Tho University commanded Jus admiration, not only by tho beauty of its architecture, its seemingly disproportionate magnificence to the resources of tho country, but by the high reputation and attainments of its professors. " Tho glory of Sydney in the way of education iB its University, and certainly a great deal of spirit hae been shown by the colony in tho creation of tho institution and in tbo erection of tho building. As regards the building, I think no one will dispute the assertion when I say that the college-hall — or public room, for it is put to nono of tho comfortable fostivo uses for whioh_ colloge-halls havo been built at our nni- rersitioB— iB the finoat chamber in the colonics. If I wore to say that no college oithor at Oxford or Cambridge possesses so fine a one, I might probably bo contrudicted, I certainly reraembor none of which the proportions are so good. In regard to tho Sydney University itself, it must bo romombored that it has boen instituted simply for education, and not as a place of residence either for follows, scholars, or commoners. It consists, therefore, of tho hall, library, locture- rooms, museum, and a residenco for one of tho professors. It knows nothing of gaudy days, of nigh tables, of sweet Latin graces, or of audit ale. It lacks the social charms to which the frequenters of Oxford and Cambridge hove boen accustomed ; but porhaps the education on that account is not the worse, and certainly it is very much less oxponsive. " The reputation for scholarship of Dr. Bad- ham, the classical professor, is as high in England ss it is in Sydney — or nearly so ; for in Sydnoy ho is now regarded as the one living uncontro vertible authority in all questions of Greek literature. Mr, Fell, the profesBOrof mathematics, stands equally high in niB Own line. There is no institution in the colonies which oxcites and de serves tho sympathies of an English travellor more completely than doos tha Sydney Uni versity." He gives a charming description of Parra- matta, its history, situation, and peculiarities. Ho calls it "The City of Oranges," and pays a well. deserved tribute of admiration to one of our oldest and worthiest horticulturists. Only those who have visited Mr. Pye's orange groves, and tasted Mrs. Pye's conserves, can appreciate the following : — "Tho oarly oolonists tried to grow wheat here and failed. Those who have come since have planted oranges and havo mode money. Now Parramatta is known far nnd wide for its fruit — so that no man or woman is supposed to have seen Sydnoy aright who has not visited Mr. Pye's orange grovos, and has Bhaken hands with Mrs. Pye, who, in tho matter of conserved oranges, stands far above all competitors in any country. Either the soil or the climato, or both together, contain the requisites, whatever thoy may be, for this peculiar growth, so that neither Jamaica or the South of Spain, nor Malta or the Havanna, can boat Parrnmatta in tbiB ospeciai article of produce." Of our labour market, onr land laws, onr mineral riches, ho gives, in his own clear rapid way, a truthful sketch. And he describes life in the colony with an exactitude which none of onr descriptive writers over equalled. He had family advantages in this country, which ooablod him ' to make himself thorougly acquainted with a squatter's life. He is one of tho few writers upon tho condition and prospectB of a pastoral colony who can write from his actual experience upon a sheep and cattlo station for a considerable time. He Bhows bis readers how civilisation waits with her luxuries upon tho man who succeeds ; and chronicles his victories by nu expanded estab lishment and fresh neoessitioB. This is his mode of estimating tho requirements of ' pastoral prosperity : — "Tho number of sheep ot tlioso stations will generally indicate with fuir accuracy tho mode of lifo at tbo head station. A hundred thousand shoop and upwards require a professed man oook and a butler to look aftor tliem ; forty thousand sheep cannot bo shorn williouta piano; twenty ttiousaud is tho lowest number that rendors napkins at diimor imperative. Ton thousand requiro absolute plenty, meat in plenty, ton in plenty, brandy and water and colonial wino in plenty, but do not expect cham pagne, sherry, or riuido dishes, and are supposed to be eoutent with continued mutton or continuod beef— as tho squatter may at tho timo bo in tho way of killing shoep or oxen. During this month wo killed mutton." Tn chapter xxi. ("On SconoryinNow Soulh Wales ") ho givcB n do6oription of Mount Kos ciusko, on tho borders of our colony and Vic toria and of tho Biuo Mountains. But the gem of tho book, in tho way of descriptive writing, is his account of a visit to the Hawkesbury River, with which quotation we shall close the extracts from his book. "Tho party which I wns kindly invitod to join was a very august party, consisting of nearly all tho Cabinet Ministers, and a very considerable minority of tbo House of Assembly. The Premier was at tho head of it, and no man fitter for such on occasion ever hold absolute dominion over hampers. It was by no means a partisan party ; for I observed on my return to Sydney six months afterwards, that when that Premier had, alas, succumbed to tbo fate of premiers, and another head of tho Government reigned in his stead, that two of tho most livoly of our politi cians on the Hnwkosbury trip woro sitting on' the Treasury bench. And we had boen all so friendly thon ! I must confess that when I saw tboso two gentlemen on that bench, and Bnw that former Premier opposito, turned out into tho cold, partly, no doubt, by their efforts, I could not but sny to mysolf that thero could bo in- gratitudo in New South Wuloa as doop as among tho oldor nations of tho oartli. "Wo went by railway to tho little town of Windsor, to which a branch lino rnns from tho Sydney and Bathurst line ; a quaint little place, inbabitod by old settlors who came to this district as being Bingularly lertile. Very fertile it iB ; no land in the Australian colonies is perhaps more so. Hardly any soil in any oountry is perhaps more so. But for this groat gift it has to pay a proportionate peuulty. Every now and porbapB onoo in six/or seven years, it is so absolutely fioodod. by. tho Hawkesbury. -and its- tribntnnes, that tbo farmers are forced to fly for tboir lives. And there have beon floods .so sudden and so high that all the farmors havo not boon able to fly with their lives. Windsor is built upon the Hawkosbury — here so called; bat up above this it has anothor name nnd is called the Nopean ; — for it is tho fashion in New South Wales to divido what with us at homo would be the last sylluble. From Windsor we went five miles down the river in open boats, and there found a steamer waiting for ns. I must confosB that during the first part of our journey I was disposed to think that I had been enticed away by false representations. Immediately below Windsor tho river is not beautiful. It passes through a rioh country, which gradually becomes narrower as tho hills are approached, but for an hour or two the fertility of the land and the specialities, such as they might be, of i its productiveness were tho chief attractions. But gradually as wo reached the bluffs and high banks of the lower reaches, tha soone was cbanged, and as tho afternoon wore itself away wo steamed down among river scenery as lovely 03 any which I ever beheld. " There can, I think, bo no doubt that among rivers tho Rhine has the highest character for sustained boauty. Thero may be special points on other streams which have endeared them selves to the world — such especially as the Falls of Niagara — such as the Inn at Innspruck, or the Rhone at Geneva— or the Upper Lake otKillarney, which is, in truth, a river. But for continued scenery the Rhone stands first. There is a river, or rather a portion of a river, known to very few tourists, which I think bents the Rhine. Thia is the Upper Mississippi, forabout 150 miles below St. Pnn!._ It is not my business here to describe tho Mississippi, but I mention it with the object of saying that in my opinion the Hawkesbury boats tho Mississippi. I should not make the contrast unless there were many features in the two which are similar. At all of them the beauty consists in the breaking of the land on tho very margin of the river, and is not carried far back into tho interior. At all of them the banks rise suddenly, somotimes covered with timber and sometimes bald — sometimes sloping and some times precipitous— but at all of thorn the banks are broken hero and there into lateral vnlleys, which give to tho imagination the idea that the glory of the scene is far spread, and would repay pursuit. Unless it oan convey this vague foeling of distant, unapproachable, and almost mysterioas dolight, scenery loses half its charms. On tho Rhine, on tha Mississippi, and on the Hawkes bury alike, there is created an idea that if the travellor would only leave the boat and wander inland, he would be repaid by the revelation of marvellous beauties of nature— beauties which have perhaps never yet met the eyes of man. The Rhine has its castles and its islands, and it has, too, in its favour the bright colour of its waters. The Upper Mississippi has no castles, nor ore its waters bright ; but it has islands, and innumerable bluff's and headlands and varied valleys, and park- like timber, and its own fnst- running rush of waters — which are to me more than compensation for the castles and the colour. The Hawkesbury has neither castles nor islands, nor has it bright clear water like the Rhine. But the headlands are higher and the bluffs ore bolder, and tho turns nnd manoeuvres of the courBo which tho waters have made for them selves nre grander, nnd to mo more enchanting, than those of either the European or Amerioon river. "It took ns two days to descend the Hawkes bury to Broken Boy, and during the night our steamer loy at a bend in the river called Wise man s Forry, where there is a large dilapidated nnd unused church, showing how soon ruins may be instituted in a now country. Along the banks, at intervals from each other of a few miles, whenever a bit of alluvial soil gave an opportunity for cultivation, settlers had placed themselves and lived by growing maize, potatoes, and fruit. These people, or their fathers, wore among the earliest colonists of New South Wales —as the banks of tho Hawkesbury had boen soon reached. But civilisation had passed by them and gono beyond thom — and they were left now much in the condition in whioh their fathers wore sixty or seventy years ago. A great portion of the banks are not approached by any road, and are accessible only by water. Small luSKor8 'rem Sydney ply up and down tho stream, taking the produce of the settlers to market, and bringing them back flour nnd tea in return. There can be but little intercourse even between families ten miles' distance from each other — as a rivor is, after all, but a poor road tor the pur poses of familiar intercourse. Lifo there must bo very solitary and cheerless— but at the same time independent and plentiful. We saw children about, amidst the garden patches — but I fear that they were often out of reach of any Bchool. " The lower part of the river, that between WiBemaa's Ferry and Pittwator, whioh is a inrge inlet in tho sea, running southward from Broken Bay — is very much finor than tho uppor roaches. There are various spots, especially nt Mangrove Creek, Berow Creek, and Mullet Creek, at whioh tho expanse of wator assumes the appearance of a lake, and from which tho stream escapes under banks almost porpendiculor, and as ty e calculated, from four to six hundred feet high. At Broken Bay, after having steamed up to the hood of Pitt Water, wo got out into the soo, and withiu on hour and a half were in Sydnoy harbour." This is tho book whioh our distinguished visitor has written about us. It is as com pletely without pretensioo as his own character, and iB as thoroughly honest as its author. By the sacrifice of its simplicity it could have easily been finer ; and without being so full of information, conld have appeared to be much more profound. As it is, those who know tha oountry best will ba the truest believers in tho book ; and tlioso who know tho writer will not require the corroboration of colonists. All that Mr. Trollopo said iu tbo colony and to thoso who livo in it, ho said out of it and of its inhabitants. \\\ o have had such a molanoholy experience of very inferior pooplo who told us one thing, and Europe anothor, that is a new sensation for us to find a groat man daring to say to tho world of us what he told us our selves. Our former experience was pretty much liko poor Tom Sheridan's, who when his father pathetically rebuked him for his in gratitude, and said, "Dear Tom, I always allowed you £800 a-year," was compelled to reply, " Yes, father, I must confess you allowed it; but then it never was paid !" Mr. Trollope was loved by us for services the results of which are the common property of all English- speaking people — but he has now & special claim vpon our gratitude and admiration in his book on " New South Wales." WILLIAM BEDE DALLEY. Sydney, 29th Maroh. Adsthalia nnd New Zealand, by Anthony Tjiollops. Division II.— Now South Wales. Authorised Australian edition. Melbonrno : George Robertson, Littlo Collins-Btroet "West. MDCCCiXXlII, I 