CONTINENTAL IMMIGRATION The following letter has now been sent in by the German and Scandinavian committee to the Govern- ment :- Brisbane, 15th September, 1873. SIR,— At a public meeting of German and Scan- dinavian colonists, convened by advertisement, and held in Brisbane on 11th July, 1873, the committee previously elected in the matter of the "Alardus," was Authorised to submit to the Government sug- gestions for the amelioration of the German and Scandinavian immigration. ??'-- Porthispurpiwe, mndinoniertoelioittheBonndest TMWS, we placed ourselves in ooromunication with German colonists of position and experience both hwv «jd in the Southern colonies, and now have the fionnr to tender what we bave ? right to call well eiftednuggoetioni). * 'We beg to premise that the motive actuating us is a sincere desire to assist the Government in pro caring for the colony a desirable and large immigra tion from the continent of Europe, and it is only withthisobject we take the liberty of thepresentstep. Oar enquiry has resulted in evidence of a high enter that a large and spontaneous immigration from Germany could bo induced, were steps taken to promulgate amongst the better classes fair and un varnished accounts of the colony, and, above all, were Government guarantees offered that miseries like those on board the Alardus shall in future be ga tried against by every precaution possible. Tue present emigration from Germany consists to a very large extent of people with some means, ami froii districts where agriculture has reached a very bigji development. There are at present two great fields to which German emigration is directed viz., tho countries bf the Lower Danube and North Ame rica. The first, favored by the leaders of the Ger man nation, and supported by nil the weight of the German element of Austria and German commerce, is, and will remain, a field of colonisation against which the indBoements we can offer are sure to be inadequate. All we can hope to do is to attract a portion of that vast living flood now going over to North America. The better classes of German colonists, as a rule, do not look with unallovcd ad miration on American institutions, and certainly -ln nnt fancy American rowdyism. It is amongst these classes principally where we on hope to induce to us a spontaneous and a comparatively large emigra tion, and at less expense, and probably of greater benefit to the colony than the present. The committee l»g, therefore, to suggest — 1st : The advisability of circulating gratis among these classes, in pamphlet form, a fair account of the colony. We have made enquiries, and are informed that, up to the present, nothing of the kind has been done, excepting advertisements, the very na ture of which is sure to deter emigrants of n supe rior class. People with little means, and who have eoine nicety as to the company they will have to face the discomforts of a long sea voyage, are not likely to be attracted by advertisements like the following : — ' Male and female servants can obtain free pass, see to Queensland, Australia, bypayinc 10 t balers ' (30s) A valuable suggestion has been made to us by Dr. C. Mucke, the editor of the Aiwtralmhe Deutsche Zeitung, to the effect, that those pamph lets ebould be authenticated by a German society. This gentleman forcibly pointsout in what bad odour emigration pamphlets nave beuome in Germany through the instrumentality of similar productions issued by the Brazilian anil other Smith American Governments. In the absence hero of a German society of a public character, those pamphlets might be submitted to several colonists, to lie elected for that purpose by a public meeting of Germans and KcnndinavianH of Brisbane, and be authenticated by them. Supplementary reports should follow froiu time to time to keep the name and resources of the colouy prominently before the public. Similar re ports in Danish and Swedish should bo circulated in tteandinavia. We wonld further *(hw attention to the nigo' physical, moral and intellectual qualities of the inhabitant* of North Italy, especially of the Lnni bardian plains. A large emigration of n ost valuable colonists is now leaving there for South America. The esteem in which a considerable number nf Xorth Italians are held in Victoria shows they would prove equally desirable colonists hi're. Another object might be served by inducing these immigrants to come here — they would introduce among us sericul ture, the cultivation of the olive, nnd other indus tries favored by our climate, nnd in which they have experience. Pamphlets in Italian distributed iu Lnmhardy wonld, we believe, 1)0 of preat service to the oniony. ITiese people, in our opinion, arc much more desirable than the semi-barbarous 1'olisli peasants and Polish Jews brought hero by tho Alardus and other German vessels. Immigration being now the great question in all the Austrsflan colonies, combined action fur con tinental immigration would probably result in a regular steamboat ennnection lietween Australia and the German ports. An arrangement as to ihc dis tribution of the immigrants among tho colonies would appear easily attainable. It stands to reason hour little the beet efforts will avail, if occurrences like those on board the Alardus counteract. We have taken all the steps in our power, and have received the most cordial assistance j from tho German press in the southern colonies ; and assurances entitling ts to tbo hope that our j efforts will have some effect in Germany towards ' precautionary measures. Were it not for'this hope, rather than again we ships sailing under the German flag to this colony, becoming the scene of wholesale sacrifice of human life to criminal neglect and rapa cious disregard of decency and sanitary necessities, we would oppose and hinder by every ineaus in our power a continuance of immigration from the con tinent of Europe. In the o&se; of the Alardus the insufficiency of our colonial passenger laws was severely 'felt, showing the necessity for supplementing the Imperial Act, the only one in force here, by a local enactment, similar to the Victorian ' Passengers, Harbors, and Navigation Statute, 1865,' we therefore beg to ?uBsest — Sndly. The adoption of e.g. 19 to 38, andi parts VI and VII of tho Victorian Act referred to. In our opinion it appears a most necessary con comitant to a foreign immigration on foreign ships, that the Government should have some oontrol over the shipper in the way of security, we bee therefore to suggest this; 3rdly— but the mode in which this can be effected we do not feel competent to speak upon, merely expressing the desire that the seourity should, if possible, be subject to local jurisdiction, at least to ?ome extent for the enforcement of penalties. We were informed by the Immigration Agent that under existing contracts the shippers are not respon sible for over- crowding and bad ventilation, the whole blame for such, occurrences resting on the Queensland Agent. We beg to suggest 4thly— This arrangement should be- radically ' changed, and the shipper be nude directly respon sible « in fact, if the Victorian Act be adopted, he wopjd be accountable indirectly through the master. Thefaaotioia of the Immigration Board nro at , jMesent by law oonflned to mere inquiry into com. ' *£S55 ,5Stal?i!illkon- not *? «**? ?? tetore **#*?* tribunal, but a. voluntary assertions, the ttatb of which aras» be gathered from circumstances. fffcwoOM therefore beg to suggest, «Bfe Tl»* the Boart should be invested with -MUM fodleUl authority in oases of this kind, and fcrteUMtart by mmmaty jurisdiction to inflict \- ^2 J**rfn^rfUeenlUll-1 immiSration regulations '^SSS*- KSES01'** *° *ne German and Scan jUMHtafOHgWDO -* *bU oolony that immigrants Mjteir WateaaWfas- shall not be neglected, wo MHl^^nte were of « wretched mmmBm&mffi;*»kaim£ enquiry into this mat m&SEmm;&H;^to^mmmt with B HBUJf «» iS»-'*« jMppiKg l«t to prevent saBB^BBijBHBBBiiMtf,,in'£atare. -»n no, account ?pi: placards in the shipping ofRon, io Hamburg, should inform emigrants that British coin only is current hen. In oondnsion, we beg to state we have reoeived the heartiest co-operation from the Gorman and Scandinavian population of Queensland, and enclose a report in the German and Danish languages circu lated by as throughout tho colony. While expres sing our hope for a speedy amendment of the griev. ancee now accompanying the continental immigra tion, we must draw attention to the proportion of passengers, SMS, to the tonnage, 810, of the Alardus, and rejfrot to, find this proportion not improved in the ships now on the way from Hamburg — tho Eugenia, C97 tons, carries 323, aud tho Huniboliit, 762 tons, 383 passongers. Those ships left in Juno last, about two months after tho overcrowding and bad state of the Alardus was known here. 'We have the honor to be, Sir, Your most humble and obedient servants, 1'or tie Committee, H. ltUTJIKIKQ. The Hon. tho Colonial Secretary, Brisbane. 