SJUIMMXG. The Iwrgue Fugitive cleared out for Lon ilou uu Moudav, 3rd instant, with a valuable caiyo cunsittiue; of l,2iji bales of wool, U2 tone bark, uudU.SIS IiukIicIb of wheat, Hie cstunated value of which la X3],*3tl. Till! Fugitive cleared Tamar Heads on Wcdnes -lay.*lhlnslam\ Too . brig Leading Star, of Siuidcrland, nude ber tint appearance in our liorbur ou Monday, 3rd inst. She is loaded ivilli wheat, &a;, direct for London, and is now ready to eUrt.for ber destination. -Too abip Windward, Captain Lulham, cleared out at Uii: Castoms, llonirt Town, for Iiondoo, Mid loft for her destination on Tuesday warning, the 4lh inst. Tlic Wind ward took 8,016 bales of wool, i,siu buga ground bark, vftfi a Quantity of (our and chopped. 2,060 epokon, 6 casks sperm oil, 19 . ubIqs leather, with sheepskins, boaUs, opos BUiu skin rugs* and sundries. Hw bangle Clslrellon, Qsptafn John King, fcoiu Lopjou, wjth railway plant, and 180 adult immigrants, arrived at Uouart Town on Thursday morning, the oth instant. Cdptnin King reports that be loft Gravcscnd on Friday, the 29th Kovombor, and on Saturday conic to anchor off llroadstaint, sod lay tbcre on Sunday, through a heavy S.W1 and K.8.W. gale, 'which moderutod at niUlulghL Weighed anchor on Monday, tile H!-iDfcea))-cr,iil1J a.m., and londiv! the river pilot At Deal, and took on buanl the channel pilot. landed tho channel pilot on Die 3rd, off the Start. Bad thick and variable weMJier down ohannel. ?Too Uiree masted schooner Formosa from London arrived at Oic bar laic on Tuesday nifht,UUl inst., hiving been 1D9 days on the voyace, Captain Cavell report! that he left the Downs with a S.E. wind on December End j on the following day passed the Blurt ; ft strong westerly gale and high sens vcrc Uicu enbofiitered1 which lasted up to the llth in lai. SJ. N. loi-£ 14. W., then had modcraie N.'OnaN.E. wlnd«to tho Equator, which wai crossed ontheXSth day out In Ion;. 97 defe.W. i light S.E. trades were then encoun tOrfA & the Cape of GooH Hope which was potts! on February 2nd Jo iiteg.S. The catHiig waaran down in lit. 44,andUicnon comlttred fine weather with an occasional gale fronVttieN.W.toS.W. Passed Uic meridian of CKpc Mnwln on February 20th and arrived at tho Rea4s on the 1 1th lntt., hav ing had tho Hind Wrong from the E. The tug .towed Iho schooner up the rim. The Bhoda, Danish aliip, was spoken In lat. Bdeg. 47mln. 8, long 30 w, on her passage from Copenhagen to Melbourne. The Formosa is artrylmidiome littlo craft and fs almost pew.rhaving been built aa a gunboat (or the British Government. She was purchased by Mejirs. Walker and Go., of Ionian, who alt&gd; her and placed her in the merchant oervtSc for which she is admirably adapted. ., JCEWS O* WI14HN0 SHITS. The appended items of whaling news were furnlaned by Captain Lane, of the brig Nil Dosperandam, whlah arrived nt Melbourne on S7th February, from Fiji i— On February 17 ,m bpatded by tho whaling brig Louisa, Cajlaln Maaafield, of Uouart Town, who re porKd baring been out 10 months, and tar ing got 20 tuns of sperm oil. The Ameri cas whaler Throo Brothers wajclosoto, on the tame date, and was making ber way to ndbJrF.Town in a leaky condition. With the lift of. the sea she had come down our de« whalB, and had a portion of her copper thmtidiig )H-d nlaaUng dsmstod to such an extent that she liad to nuko traclis for Sobart Town to effect repairs. She van onbj l»o montba out from Uobart Tcwu when the accidout occurred, and bad got 8 turn of oil. The American whaling barquo Sea llangor, of STStonB, Captain Allen, arrived at Uobart Tomi ob Thursday, 6t!i Inst., and ctiuic »o Sochor in the stream. Captain Allen rsportt that be left New Bedford on the 19* April, (889, and that daring his cruise lie lias been prindotlly on the Kcw Zea land whaling grounds, where ho has token I^ootorwU of sperm oil, of vuiah ho has sol4*ud abipped 4SD barrels, leaving (SO on board. He fau also taken 170 tuns of hump, back Atli and 8S01b of whalebone, which also ntnainimlnard. Tins Sea Sangcr has put in for provisions to recruit, preparatory to a nuunnl of bar OTuise, The captain reports tutJniBpokeu the following wiialors , The brig JUiuisa, on the 1 8th February, with 20 (uq» fporm. tlio Alaijilin on the i~th Fcb l-jarr , with til tuns i tlie Amerioau whaler Kmma .' Jouej, of Nc«r Hojfonl, on the B?Ul 'February, 20 months out, with 1,01)0 bar/pU sperm- On the 15th February, a aeajnan nanicd ^ Ascension, aged 3U years, n naUvo Of Up Island of Ascension, died. Tho Whaling bariue Marie Laure, Captain Cbamliorbun, arrived in Blackuuin's Bayou Monday, J?Ut inst. Jte Captain report* that fb has put (n for a supply ot fresh proHilpns. The Marie Ifiure Bailed on the 18lk' April, andhaa beonolevun months out. During ber crnisc ahc baa taken 30 tuns of Boattn olL The whaling barque Aladdin was spoken recently with 3) tuna of sperm oil. The Uade £aure has lost two boats, smashed in boevy weatlier, and has put in to get these also, as wall as provisions. The whaling tor^uei'Aata, Emily Downing, and IMantcr, whlshbadputinatBechorcho, sailed again last week. The Sapphire has put in at Recherche, but does not report any fresh The whaling birquo Waterwitch, Captain W uarnflop, from a wlialing cruise, entered theSetwcDton Friday. The Wateriritch ?tiled on the SOUi August, 1872, and has bean now out nearly icven months, but lias TktwifMng sehooaer Zephyr, Captain Thonias Dacto, orrivod at llobart Town the Uemuf »y«. on Frlflay, from a whaling cruise, and uuhored in the stream. The Zephyr sailed last from port on the 6th July, U7B, . and auiee then die hastekrn 131 tnnsot aperm oil, and the time for which she wai «rJfipa,11j BUM out having now nearly expired, abc has come into port lo discharge and rent for anew eraiso. Caplalu Davis feppcts that the wuallng barque Sapphire was iffng at Itccherchc when he passed, with thee&mesllaiirbcn; last reported. No ptbtr whalers have been cccn lately . 