THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION PUBLIC MEETING. j A Meeting convened by the Mayor was held last night in the Court-house, for the ' purpose of making representations to the Government respecting the undue proportion of German ] immigration to thiB port, and to request them to take immediate steps to remedy the evil b\\* evenly dividing the proportion of British anS Foreign immigration to this co'cny.' About one hundred persons were present. The chair was occupied bv the Mayor, and on the bench were — tbe Harbor Master, the Police Magistrate, the Hon. the Minister for Lands, and the Hon. A. O. Herbert. The Chairman, having opened the business by reading the advertisement convening the meeting, said that to show the cry had not been raised without good grounds, he would read the following statistics : — Immigrants arriving at Maryborough from March, 1871, to July, 1873. Number of vessels ? 7 of which there were British ? 2 German ? 5 Total number of immigrants, including children ? 2274 of whom were British (31 forwarded from Brisbane) ... 6G0 German and Danish ? 17 14 Having read these numbers he should call upon the meeting to elect a chairman. ri.-mng o^en re-elected chairman by accla mm ion, the Mayor called upon Mr. Feilberg : who moved the following resolution. — ' That this meeting desires to ex press its dissatisfaction with the 'manner in which the emigration from the port of Ham burgh to Queensland is conducted.' He was sorry to find that some people had taken it into their heads that a slight was being put upon the foreigners by a certain section of the community. No such thing. Speaker was a Dane, and had the honor to belong to a society of Danes, established in this town, and ap peared at that meeting deputed to speak for that society, as for himself. He had been at some trouble to ascertain how this immigration was worked in Germany, aud he had learned. The head of the whole affair was a Mr. Kirch ner. Well, this gentleman was paid at so much per head, 30s. he believed. Kirchner appointed sub-emigration-agents, and these in their turn deputies. A respectable country man of his own had assured him that he was offered a billet as ' sub,' the terms amounted to about 2Jd. per head for all he could get to emigrate to Queensland. All vagrants are arrested in Denmark and put into a place, half workhouse and half gaol. If they prove incor rigible, and are often brought before the bench, they are sent to Hamburgh and compelled to emigrate. Formerly they were packed off to 1 America, but the Yankees 'iibbed.' This used to be the style, but now, he believed, a better state of things was supposed to exist. A certificate of good conduct had to be pro duced, aud a medical certificate. But this law was easily evaded. More than one gentle man has embarked in the business as certificate writer, and found it very remunerative, no doubt. The price for a good conduct certifi cate used to be £3 10s, but he heard the tariff was now reduced. The way the passengers were treated on board the ships was not cre ditable. He had heard stories from parties in whom 'he was disposed to place every reliance, that he should not like to repeat. The ships were overcrowded, ill-ventilated, and the im migrants badly fed. The last ship that came to this port was the Reichstag. She was three months on the voyage, and a fourth of the passengers, when landed, were in consumption A man died on the steamer coming up the river, and others shortly after their admission to the Hospital. The result is general dissatis faction. I speak at this meeting as a Queens lander, and not as a Dane. If the same class of men came from Great Britain as are sent from Hamburg, you would all rise up and be indignant. Mr. Dowzer said that in seconding the pro position he did so with great regret that things had reached such a pitch that they were obliged to meet to stop the tide of German immigration. He did not desire to cast any slur on foreign settlers. They were a most in dustrious and care-taking class of colonists. Where an Englishman or an Irishman would starve they would live (A Voice — What about a Scotchman ?). What he objected to was that the scum of the country, what he might call short-sentence men and vagrants, should be sent to Maryborough. The second resolution was read by Mr. Purser, viz. : — ' That this meeting is of the opinion that an undue proportion Of Hamburg ships are sent to Maryborough, and that, while fully impressed with the urgent need in the district of a continuous supply of immigrants, would like to see a fair proportion of British vessels sent to this port.' It was in no fault-finding spirit towards the Germans settled in the district that he moved the reso lution. He had been some years a resident in Maryborough, and had seen the Germans settled here making most valuable colonists. His objection was against the system. We don't get a fair proportion of our own country men. That is proved beyond a doubt by the statistics Tead to you by tbe Chairman. We don't want fewer foreigners, but more English men. Mr. Pemjelly seconded the resolution. If tbe district was properly treated, we would have got our fair proportion of British immi gration, and there would have been no necessity -for this meeting. Mr. E. Booker could not say he derived any pleasure from moving the next resolution. — ' That this meeting desires to urge on the Government the necessity of increased depot accommodation, and of more efficient quaran tine regulations.' Tbe cry was not against the number of Germans amongst us so much as the manner in which they were selected and sent. It was all very well to stand up and abuse th« poor creatures, and talk of typhoid fever as if they bad voluntarily brought it amongst us The depot was enough to give the devil himself the fever. (Laugh ter). This old plan of slanging the Govern ment was of no use. If he wanted a favor from a person, he went and asked for it in a courteous manner and he got it, or, if refused, was told why, and probably a good reason given. An old friend had remarked to him a few days back, 'Y--u can't catch flies with vinegar,' tbe meaning of which was quite plain, and cou'd easily be applied in the pre sent instance. It is not the Government, but the townspeople who are to blame in most cases, because they don't ask for what they want. The greatest wan t i n'Maryborou trhwas represen tati ve men. Rockhampton had gained all she had got by her representative men. What did the pro fessedly liberal Government do for the town ? Why, under the Macalister administration you got the miserable abortion called the depot ; a nest for typhoid fever. Any man, no matter whether he be a German, a Scandinavian, or even a Pole, had as good a right to come to Queensland, and when once he landed here, no matter what he had been, he was free. He could tell the workingmen, the better part of Maryborough, from his own experience, that when they settled down and got homesteads of their own, the- would be glad to welcome Ger man immigrants. He had been a large em ployer of German labor, and had always found them equal to any other. Many years ago when he was quite a boy he remembered attending a meeting called in S3'dney, (of which town he had the honor of being a native). The meeting was called to oppose 1 the Chinamen coming into the country, and he then felt, if he did not speak, as he had f-poken to-night, tbe country was open to all. let their color be what it might. As regards quarantine, he would suggest that every ship, whether British or Foreign, be placed in quar tine, say a week, before the passengers are allowed to land. This would give the immi grants time to wash their clothes in fresh xvater, and thoroughly fumigate tlie ship. The plan could be easily carried out in Mary borough, for there was not a better quarantine ! ground in the colony. Mr. Annear seconded the motion : we were on the eve of a general election, and now was the time to ask the government for our more pressing necessities. ' Mr. H. Walker : with the permission of tbe Chair, moved : — ' That the government be uTged. if practicable, to detain tlie Ger man immigrant ship, Shakespeare, now daily expected, at Brisbane, and .in lieu thereof the ?first English ship be sent on to Maryborough. Mr. Hutchins seconded the motion, though be would much have preferred that the twp German ships be allowed to come up to Mary borough and an English ship sent at I once. He quite differed with the remarks J of one of the speakers. The Germans , were the best Colonists we had, and he j should be sorry to see them excluded. It is the system under which the immigration is conducted be complained of. The passengers came entirely from Hamburg, whereas he should like to see them coining from every great port. The evil lay in letting the con tract to one ship owner. Mr. Kirchner re ceived over £5 '0 a-year, whereas an agent might be appointed at each of the leading ports at a much less salary, and able men could be got to do the work. Mr. Booker had spoken in strong — but not too strong — terms about our depot. The Maryborough Depot had been mentioned — well, he would tell tlie meeting that the Brisbane barracks costs £3*2,000. Mr. Hutchins then moved the next resolu tion, ' That the foregoiug resolutions be handed to the H-«n. V. J. Graham, -Minister for Lands, and that he be requested to bring them before his colleagues, and to use hia influence to obtain redress of the grievances complained of.' Before that resolution was read he would, with the permission of the Chair, read a few statistics he had compiled when in Bris bane, to show how the district had been ne glected . — EXPENDITURE. Southern District — 1872. S. and W. Railway ? £206,000 Roads and Bridges ? 30,01)0 Bridge at Warwick ? 3,000 Telegraph extension, Roma to !»urat 5,100 ,, „ to Charleville... 8,500 Additional wire, N.S.W. line ? 2,500 ,. „ Toowoomba to Dalby 2,400 Moreton Bay (Harbor) ? 8,000 £265,500 Population of Southern District by Census of 1^71 ? 72,688 New Loan per head of population ... £3 13 0 Old according to return laid on table with Financial Separatiou Bill of 1872 ? £34 0 0 Wide Bay and Burnett District. Roads and Bridges ? £20,000 Telegraph, Maryboro' to Hundabergh 3,000 „ Walla to Mount Perry ? 1,400 „ „ „ Gladstone ? 5.000 Maryborough Harbor ? 3,000 £32,400 Population by Census of 1871, 15,760, loan at rate of £2 Is. Id. per head. *!ldloan ? 113 s. 0d. „ Total loan ? £3 14s. Id. ,, Rockhampton District. Northern Railway ? £480,000 Public Offices ? 4,500 Roads and Bridges ? 25,000 Bridge over Dawson ? .6,000 Teiegraph Springsure and Tambo..'.... 5,400 Rockhampton Harbor ? 5,000 £525,900 Population by census 16,838; new loan expenditure, £31 4s. 81 per head. Old Loau ? 22 Os. Od „ Total loan 4j?head £53 4s. 8d Mr. Wm. Soutuehden seconded the mot:on, and with the usual vote of thanks the meeting separated. (The whole of the motions were carried by acclamation.) 