ARRIVAL OF THE MAIL AT MEL BOURNE. Saturday, 2 p.m. ihe f. and O. Co.'s Royal Mail Steamship Nubia arrived at Queenscliff at halt- past eight o'clock this morning, with the European and Indian mails. The correspondence and letters from England, via Southampton, dated to the 23rd of October, via Brindisi, October 31st I The day of the Nubia's departure from Galle was the 24th of November. The Most Rev. Coadjutor Archbishop Vaughan, the Bishop of New Caledonia, three priests, and three nuns, are passengers for Sydney. General Summary. October 31. Great disappointment was felt in Lendon when the failure of the experimental ship ment of frozen meat became known. Numer ous gentlemen connected with Australia were at the South Dock to board the Norfolk on her arrival, and looked very blank on learning that the meat had all been thrown overboard. Mr. Harrison met with much sympathy. lie attributes the failure entirely to thu hurried way in which preparations were made, the ship having started without affording nn op portunity of testing the apparatus. On get ting to sea tho leakage of cold brine, on the maintenance and circulation of which success depended, became excessive, and owing to the surrounding cargo the leaks were not acces sible. On the thirty-fourth day, nineteen tons of meat were thrown overboard ; the re lainder was sacrificed when off the Azores. The failure is considered only temporary. 1 Mr. Bell, a Glasgow butcher, is bringing over iwency-iour neaa ot cattle weekly from Canada. The first consignment of Queensland sugar to test the English market, was sold by auction last week, the prices realized being considered satisfactory. ^ Captain Warren's machine for the produc tion of artificial ice was exhibited last week ; it is intended principally for use in India. The death of Mr. Francis Richard Dangar, of Sydney, by suicide, on the 12th October, is announced. . Political matters are still very unsettled; and speculation is still busy as to the course Mr. Gladstone will pursue, and he is blamed, even by Liberal organs, for not making some declaration in regard to his future policy. This reticence, it is held, places all the Libe rals who are seeking the suffrages of the vacant constituencies in a false position, because they have nothing tangible to define or act upon. Mr. Bright has been re-elected for Birming ham without opposition. In addressing h?s constituents the lion, gentleman took care to be extremely reticent as to the future policy of the Government. On the 22nd instant, he attended a grent meeting at Birmingham, in Bingley Hall; 12,000 persons were present, including representative men from all parts of the country. His , speech was magnificent, and theenthusiasm of the audience boundless. He reviewed the great historical measures passed by the present Government, disavowed any responsibility for the Education Act, and expressed a hope that the 25th clause would ? wv. wuumbu. a±c uiu iiul iwem iiny uaoinet secrets, but foreshadowed further political and fiscal reforms likely to bo undertaken, such as county representation, income tax repeal, and alteration of the land laws. The speech did much to soothe the irritation of the Liberal party. The Conservatives won the vacant seat of Hull by a small majority. Mr. Reed, the shipbuilder, was defeated. ; The Rev. John Graham, from Sydney, preached the inaugural sermon of the autum- I nal meetings of the Congregational Union at Ipswich. The Brazilian Government granted free passages to England to 1C4 destitute and de ceived emigrants. The Portuguese Government stated that, ow ing to insufficient time, they could not take part in the special exhibition of wines in Lon don next year. The reconstructed Cabinet has had several sittings, and the question of dissolving Parlia ment was fully discussed; a resolution was taken to postpono the dissolution till Spring. The success of the Liberal candidates at Bath and Taunton greatly disconcerted the Conservative party ; a long scries of Liberal electoral defeats had intoxicated the Tories with confidence and ceitainty of victory. This reversal of their career of triumph is largely due to the indiscreet letter, full of political in vective, of Lord Grey de Wilton. Lord Derby was entertained at a nonpoliti cal banquet in the Town Hall at Liverpool. : Nearly 300 euests. including thp. T.nrA MWrm ' of London, York, and Dublin, and numerous I county magistrates, were present ; the object of the gathering was to recognise tho warm interest Lord Derby has always taken in Liverpool affairs ; he spoke upon the relations between capital and labour, glanced at the cir cumstances surrounding the Ashantee war, and said that his judgment was in suspense regarding Ministerial responsibility for the war. The Duke of Edinburgh, during his stay in the Crimea, visited Sebastopol and assisted at the trial trip of the ironclad Novogorod. Three thousand five hundred electors of Morpeth signed a' requisition to Thomas Burt, secretary of the Northumberland Miners' As sociation, to stand for that Borough ; he con sented, and a subscription list towards defray, ing his expenses was opened. I Sir Samuel and Lady Baker have arrived in I London ; they have accepted an invitation of I the Geographical Society, of New York, to] visit America next summer. J Owen's College, at Manchester, costing one! - hundred thousand pounds, has been opened ( with much state, under the presidency of the ? ' Duke of Manchester. * j - The Bishopric of Victoria, Hongkong, is ( conferred on the Rev. J. S. Batdon, twenty ' years a missionary in China. i General M'Clelland has arrived in England from America; and Mark Twain has been \ lecturing to large audiences in London. { The cases of cholera imported into Liverpooll | from Havre have-not resulted in a spread of the disease. Since the departure of the Danish immigrants there has been no out break in London. Cholera has declined at the northern ports of Europe, but the utmost vigilance is exercised by the sanitary inspec tors. The authorities have made extensive raids upon metropolitan milkmen, fining scores for adulteration, and in turn the latter have held indignation meetings and passed resolutions to raise the price of milk to 3d. per quart. According to the report of the Sanitary Committee, 70 per cent, of the tea imported annually is not tea at all, but the leaves of other plants. Ten million pounds of grossly adulterated tea is now in bond ; the commit tee urge immediate parliamentary action. ^A handsome testimonial, subsciibed for by 275 British exhibitors, was presented to Mr. Owen, secretary of the Royal Commission at the Vienna Exhibition — it consisted of a silver dessert service and purse of 1300 guineas ; and Mrs. Owen received a case of Danish jewellery. The Home Rule agitation in Ireland pro ceeds vigorously ; . the priesthood are giving a qualified adhesion. Mr. Butt lectured on the subject in London and elsewhere. The authorities have been very vigorous in taking precautions for the Ashantee expedi tion. ' _ It is considered probable that a large quan tity of Australian preserved meats will be sent out to the Gold Coast. The Lord Mayor of London gave a grand reception at the Mansion House, when the Hon. Saul Samuel was present. Retral'dillnr tlin silinirlia nt Vf» Tin., „„_ »l._ | European Mail says that he moved in the best society, and, to all appearance, was free from embarrassment of any kind. Those who knew him best, however, noted that of late he was beset with a melancholy for which it was most difficult to account, but when spoken to on the subject, he calmed their fears by assur ing them that there was no cause for alarm. It appears, however, that his mind was seriously affected; for on the 12th October the worst fears of his friends were realised by the an nouncement that he had cut his throat Death was almost instantaneous. The effects of the deceased will be packed up aud sent out to the colony. . Count Strezlecki, the Australian explorer, died on the 6th October. The Irish National Commissioners on Educa nun nave pnsseu a resolution that on Father O'Keeffe satisfying them that he is a fit person to exercise that trust, they will recognise him us manager of the Callan schools. A propo sal to reinstate him, however, was negatived by 10 to 4. The matter was referred to the local inspector for inquiry and report. I Reginald Herbert, who undertook to row from iMaidenhead to Westminster Bridge in twelve hours for £1000, accomplished the journey in ten hours, between six and four. Two members of the Hackney Bicycle Club' have taken a pleasure trip to Lands End and back, 300 miles, without disaster. Rupert Kettle delivered an award in con nection with the arbitration between the par ties in the North of England iron trade. The masters proposed a reduction of 15d. per ton on puddlers, and 12i per cent, on other work men. Mr. Kettle decided against the masters on all the grounds adduced by them. Mean while coal and iron continue to rise, and the shares of mineral companies advance daily. Mr. Brassey, in an address on economy and trade, at Norwich, said he thought coal must fall in price in about two years, though never to the old rates ; he looks for relief mainly to new methods of economising the use of coal. In Mr. Halidny's opening address at the~ Bristol Miners' Conference, he said the Amal gamated Society had nearly one hundred thousand members ; he insisted that workmen liad not obtained a fair share of the advanced rates. . Eight hundred Leicestershire miners struck on the. weighing question. Serious riots by Cornish miners occurred at Camborne, originating in feuds with the police. The Nottingham lace trade strike continues. A general strike is imminent among Leith sailors. | Concessions by masters terminated the nailers strike. In Somersetshire four torchlight processions of agricultural labourers passad off without disorder; about 16,000 persons altogether were present; hundreds of tenant farmers countenanced the proceedings. Railway accidents are declining in frequency and severity, but still numerous collisions have occurred. The Bishop of London's palace narrowly escaped destruction by fire ; the stables, stalls, and coach-house were consumed. A fire at Ardverike Lodge, belonging to Sir John Ramsden, burnt out the inmaWand ' destroved the Art treasureo ? Mm !„.«, ;„ .._»: ; mated at £50,000. The adoption of asphalte pavements is rapidly spreading in London. The Transatlantic balloon was repaired, and started for New York on the morning of the Gth, with Messrs. Donaldson, Ford, and Lunt, going east ; these men were a balloonist, an artist, and a sailor ; after a short sail across Connecticut, it descended about 100 miles rrom tne starting point. Barnum is in Europe consulting eminent aeronauts on the subject of a voyage between America and Europe. Sir George Grey retires from public life at the close of the present Parliament. The Rev. W. Knight has resigned his ministry in the Free Church. Mr. Plimsoll was entertained at a banquet at Portsmouth. At^ Sheffield the steel manufacturers are working only four days a week owing to the dearness of coal. ? ? The' steamship Ismali foundered on her voyage between America and Glasgow. An amnesty meeting was held on Black heath, and a monster gathering is announced at Dublin for November 23rd, the anniversary of the execution of the Manchester Fenians. The Tichborne trial continues. Defendant's case was concluded on the 27th. Mr. Haw kins is now calling rebutting witnesses. Lady Radcliffe's re-eicamination lasted a whole day. She denied the testimony of nearly all the adverse witnesses given during the month. Great excitement was produced by the alleged irrival of Arthur Orton. The evidence of Captain Brown and John Line, steward of the '? Dsprey, who declared they picked up Tich jorne, and brought him to Melbourne, caused' nuch surprise. j Road-making is progressing rapidly, to vards the capital of the Ashantees, who ap -ear to be retreating. Australian tin has attracted attention, and] ? ? — i ' ? ..-????? it is pronounced equal in quality to the best English tin. Dave Carson has left with a company for Sydney. ' ' Judge Francis returns at the end of Novem ber. The Samuel Plimsoll, for Sydney, will take 110 assisted immigrants. Obituaky.— Mr. Pickersgill CunlifTe, Mrs. Gatty (authoress), Lieutenant-General Hay, Archdeacon Pollock, Major-General Bygrave, Mr. Paget, late M.P. (drowned), Sir W?i.liam Eden, Sir Robert Maclure, Sir John Campbell Lees (on the underground railway), Dr. John Murray, Vice-Chancellor Wickens, Mr. Fitz ball (dramatist). France. The trial of Bazaine has commenced ; the indictment accuses him of neglecting oppor tunities of escaping from Metz and in refusing to obey orders except from the Emperor ; ig noring the de facto Government of Paris ; in triguing with the Empress ; opening secret po litical communications with the German Prince, and capitulating prematurely. Some strange revelations were made, involving other Gene rals, who demand a trial by court-martial. Colonel Stolful is charged with intercepting a despatch from Bazaine to M'Mahon, which probably led to the disaster at Sedan. The military tribunal has condemned Ranee to death in contumation, nominally for join ing the Commune. A diplomatic difficulty between France and Italy is rumoured, but disavowed. The Am bassadors of the two countries are absent from their pasts ; the Pope is annoyed that material aid is refused by the French Government. In I'rance, the returns received of tl-e late elections show that the Republican candidates have everywhere headed the poll. M. Tliicrs is said to be patiently awaiting the hour when, in his capacity us a deputy, he will be able to defend the threatened liberties and sovereignty of the people. The President continues, as hitherto, to act a neutral part. The trial of M. Runce, a deputy of the Assembly, for being mixed up with the late Socialist Government, has resulted in a verdict of guilty, the sentence being death. M. Itance, who did not put in an appearance, has written from Brussels to say that much of the evidence adduced was f'llse. 22,000 photographs of the Prince Imperial, with his speech to the French deputation at Chishelhurst last August appended, have been seized in Paris. The financial tension arising from bills ne gotiated for indemnity payments is causing great anxiety. The Old Opera House at Paris was totally destroyed by fire. Spain. Military operations are conducted languidly; there hus been desultory fighting in tho North ern provinces, where the Carlists maintain their ground. A Government victory and triumphal entry into Estclla, in the province of Navarre, re ported on October 6th, proved a pure inven tion ; on the contrary, General Moriones was severely beaten with heavy loss in killed and wounded. Don Carlos was welcomed in Estella with great enthusiasm, and the town was illumi nated. Dissensions among the Carlist chiefs are reported. The destruction of railways in Barcelona is still going on. Carlist deserters are constantly coming to the Republican huad-quarlers to be amnestied. ^ Telegrams announce thu concentration of Carlists in thu province of Valencia, with the object of attacking the city in conjunction with insurgent frigates. Several engagements, with varied results, were fought near Drades, in Catalonia. The Spanish journals complain loudly of the toleration shown to Carlists on the frontier by the French authorities. Correspondents state that very angry feel ings exist in Madrid and the Mediterranean cities towards England for not capturing or destroying the rebel ironclads. Carthangena still holds out against the Go vernment. On the 11th, a naval engagement was fought, lasting two hours. Admiral Lobo, with one iranclad and three wooden frigates, attempting to blockade the port, was en countered by four 'intransigente' ironclads, which, owing to bad handling, were driven back. Subsequently, one of the ships, the Fernando el Catolica, was run down by the Numancia. Two days ufter his victory Ad miral Lobo suddenly retreated from Cartha gena, anJ took refuge at Gibraltar ; he was superseded by tho Minister of Marine, and ordered to be tried by court-martial. The in- ' iiirgents took advantage of the absence of their jnemy to sally forth, levying contributions Uong the coast. They visited Valencia, and I maue requisitions lor money and provisions on pain of bombardment. The British Admiral, however, insisted on four days' notice, and during that interval troops were despatched from Madrid and preparations made to repel the attack. Meanwhile the rebels plundered ten ships in the harbour, and returned to Car thagena with four captured merchantmen, which they are arming. Germany. The publication of a remarkable corres pondanee between the Pope and the Emperor has produced a profound sensation throughout Germany, and called forth abundant congratu lations. The letters are understood to indi cate war to the knife between the State and the^ Roman Catholic Church, and whatever hesitation the Emperor may formerly have felt he will now resort to extreme measures of repression towards the clerical party ; he has identified himself unequivocally with the policy of his Ministers ; and, if further proof is wanted, they have it in the fact that Bismark returns to the head of affairs both in Prussia and Germany. The struggle will bo fierce and determined. The pending election of the new Bishop of Fuk'a will bring matters to a direct issue, as no Ultramontane will be sanctioned by the Government Archbishop Ledochowski, of Posen, has been lined 300 thalers, or. two month's im prisonment, for threatening to excommunicate i professor of theology who signed a Catholic iddress of fidelity to the Emperor, and a 'urther fine of 600 thalers for an illegal icclesiastical appointment The Governor of Posen is ordered to demand the Archbishop's esignation of his See. Twelve new forts round Strasbourg are leing rapidly constructed. Austria. The Vienna Exhibition closes on November !nd. The deficit is estimated at thirteen mil lon florins. .'??? -. - . . , .... ?A ' ' ? -— — — p— — — — ___ Rome. The Jesuits were expelled from six convents and colleges at Rome on the 20th October; and a decree was issued ordering the expro priation of eight other religious houses. Father Beok, the General of the Order, pro ceeds to Belgium. The anniversary of the plebiscite was celebrated with public rejoic ings, and on the same day the Pope received 300 delegates from Catholic societies, en couraged them to hope for better times, and expressed his firm determination never to leave Rome. Russia. St. Petersburgh was inundated on the 15th October, owing to the prevalence of a strong wind from the Gulf of Finland ; the waters of the Neva were driven back, causing a rise in the river of twelve feet, aud flooding the lower parts of the city, heaving up the wooden pavement in front of the Winter Palace, and committing great devastation. Shipping. Arrivals.— October 3, Ann Duthie, from Sydney ; October 4, Ascalon, from Sydney ; October 14, Spirit of the South, from Brisbane. Departures. -October 4, Winnifted, for Brisbane ; October 10, Nevada, for Brisbane ; October 14, Ocean Rover, for Brisbane ; Octo ber 7, Dartmouth ; October 17, Cleta ; Octo ber 18, Windsor Castle and Damascus, for Sydney; October 19, Tim Whifiler, for Rock hampton ; October 25, Cosmn ; October 28, Crimea. The Groat Britain sails for Mel bourne on October 25. India and the East. colo.muo. Within three years it is expected the break water will be finished, protecting Colombo harbour. Madame Goddard was attacked by dysen tery at Colombo, and, after advertising for a fortnight, was unable to play; she proceeds on a sea voyage to India. CE1XON. The Budget for 1874 shows an unexpected revenue of twelve million rupees. An unusu ally large amount will be spent on roads, brid ges, and railway extension in Ceylon. The coffee crop for the current season h ex pected to be not more than half of lust Prices are unprecedentedly high; 120 rupees per cwt. is now the price, and it is expected to be 150 for plantation. There is great speculation in the local market. The purchases to be made for the Australian market in Ceylon are likely to be great in the country. The merits of the Jarrah timber were dis cussed lately, as bad shipments produced a de cidedly unfavourable impression on Indian builders and engineers. Mauritius is to give a subsidy of £6000 for a telegraphic cable. The threatened scarcity of food in Bengal, it is said, will amount to a famine, and is°the great object of attention in India ; a general failure of the crops is anticipated in Bengal. There will be good crops in Rangoon. MADRAS. Experiments are to be made wtth snake poison ; a thousand rupees are to be spent to get snakes from Australia, to compare the differ ent effects. CALCUTTA. me opera season has opened. The Chinese giant, Chang, and Blondin, are now in Cal cutta. CHINA. An attempt is to be made to open up steam communication between China and Australia. The cholera is spreading in some districts. JAPAN. Six British men-of-war are at Yokohama. Japanese officers are to be sent to Achecn to gut a practical knowledge of warfare. BATAVIA. Groat preparations are making in Batavia for the Acheen expedition ; ten steamers are chartered. The Acheenese arc determined on opposing it to the last. Disturbances by Chinese pirates in Laroot continue. 