I GABLE MESSAGES. Loudon, 26fch Jilly.--Wool.-Sales progresa firmly. Up to date 96,000 bales bave been sold. Combing washed bas advanced 2d per lb, and greasy ld per lb since close of last sales. Cross bred, market unchanged. Tallow.-There is a fair trade demand Mutton, 43s per cwt : beef, 40s per cwt. Leather.-23,000 sides A ustmlian have been sold since last report. Best sides, IK ld per lb. Wheat.-Adelaide is worth 61s per 4961b. New Zealand Hemp has fallen 40s per ton since last report London, August 4.-The Australian Mails, via Brindisi, wore dejjvei'ed this morning. Money, Wigram, and Co.'s steamship North umberland arrived on Saturday, via the Cape of Good Hope. The voyage was made in seventy-five days. London, July 31.-There has been a Boriom: outbreak of Asiatic cholera in East London Mr. Fitzjnmes Stephen is tho successor of Sir G Jessel ns Solicitor General France-Shortly after the Committee of tho Assembly had voted in favour of tho Commercial Tiva'y with England an adjournment to November took p'nct In a message to tho National Assembly, Prosi<iovit M'Mahon answers for the maintenance of order, depre cates undue national manifestations on the occasion ot tho evacuation of French territory by tho last of the German troops, and states that tho establishment of pence is the first necessary. London, August 1.-A discussion took place in the Hou3eof CommonB on Ministerial Responsibility, in con sequence of Mr. Ayrton repudiating tho responsibility of tho Board of Works for the alteration of an estimate by the Treasurer. Mr. Gladstone disagreed with the dictum laid down by Mr. Ayrton. Parliament stands adjourned till Tuesday. The King of Saxony ia re ported to be recovering. In the House of Commons, Mr. G. Sclater-Booth criticised the management of the Treasury. The Right Hon. R. Lowe promised that henceforth regularity and order should prevail. Tho appointment of Mr. Stephens to succeed Sir George Jessel as Solicitor-General has not been confirmed. The grant for an additional T/10,000 a year to tho Duke of Edinburgh on his marriage was brought before tho Rouse of Commons. The motion was carried, with eighteen dissentients. Discount, 3.J per cent. Cholera is spreading in Tennessee. Tho Goodwood Cup : Fligeo let, 1 ; FavoniuB, 2 ; Cremorne, 3. Spain-The insurgents aro burning Seville with petroleum j and an insurgent squadron, consisting of five gunboats and two frigates, is bombarding the port of Almeria in Andalusia The insurgents nt Cartha gena have formed a Ministry, andaré negotiating with those of Valentia. Don Canos has entered Biscay. The insurgent troops are in possession of Seville. London, August 2.-Arrived: Abbey Holme, from South Australia. Tho iBank of England rate of dis count remains at 3h per cent. Money is easier in the Continental markets, and discounts are falling. Stocks are firmer. Debentures are quoted as follows-New South Wales Five per cents, January-July, 106. Vic torian Fives, January-July, 106. Queensland Sixe3, 110\. Union Bank shares, 43£. Bank of South Aus ' tralia, 32. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, 20. Copper of all kinds is quiet Australian is quoted at ¿686 to ¿S87 for cash. Tin is steady. Straits slab, .£130. Australian tallow has improved. Wool and wheat aro unchanged. Best Bides of Australian leather sell at 12d to 13 per lb. Hides are steady at 6|d per lb for first heavy and 6.Jd per lb for best light. Sydney cocoanut oil, .£27 to -£3L The Rev George T. Perks. M.A., has been elected President of the Wes leyan Methodist Conference for thc ensuing year. The rumour that cholera had broken out a week ago waE contradicted, but two cases have since occurred among some Danish immigrants, en route for New Zealand, and the whole of the party have been placed under medical cara. A new Egyptian loan is announced of .£32,000,000. London, August 4.-A railway accident, which caused the death of fourteen persons, has occurred at Wigan. Tho English, French, and German Naval commandera have agreed to prevent-excesses by Spanish insurgent war ships. London, August 5.-Parliament has been prorogued. In the speech delivered on tho occasion, her Majesty thanked the Legislatura for the loyal promptitude with which it had made provision for tho approaching mar riage of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh with the Grand Duchess Marie of Russia, and trusted that the union will provo to bo a now tie of amity between England and two great empires who aro among tho first of the foreign Powers. Reforenco ÍB made to the successful termination of tho mission of Sir Bartlo Frere to Zanzibar, and to the now commercial treaty which has been entered iuto with Franco. It is also mentioned in the speech that extradition treaties have been entered into with Italy, Denmark, Sweden, and Brazil ; and that negotiations are proceeding for similar agreements with other states. The speech further alludes to tho liberality of tho Houso of Com mons in enabling tho Government to promptly meet tho claims of America consequent on the Geneva award. The measures of tho session aro then enumer ated, and it is stated that tho revenue is fully answer ing tho expectatious of the Chancellor of tho Exchequer, although tho activity of trade is somewhat restrained by tho general condition of tho people, which continues without evidences of improve ment, and leads to continued agitation for a dissolution. The caseB of cholera in London aro confined to tho party ; of Danish emigrants who arrived here on their way to New Zealand. There aro Bovcnty of thom. They have beon placed on board tho hospital ship ut Gravesend. Four cases of cholera havo occurred, and there have benn two deaths. Dr. Featherstone is looking nf ter ihn welfaro of tho emigrants in tho interest of Now Zealand. Cholera has appeared at Berlin. The Bishop of Ely (Dr. E. H. Brown) hus been translated tn the 600 of Winchester. Spain : The insurgents havo surren dered in Granada, and tho insurrection has been overcome throughout Andalusi \\. CONVULSIONS IN TEETHING.- Nono but anxious mothora know tho roal worry of tho ' toothing timo,' and tho nursery has no worthier or moro lnnocont adjunct than Mrs. John son's Amoricnn Soothing Syrup, which, oasily applied to tho infant's gums, roliovostho pain and prevents convulsions. Tho exporionco of half a century has raado tho artiolo extremely popular None genuino without tho name of 'Harelay and Sons. FarrlnRdon-stroet,* is on tho stamp. Sold by all clio mists, at 28 OJ a bottin. Agont. Mr. Print 10, Onorgo-iitrnrtt,. HjrHnnv AY»VT BERT FOOD FOK INFANTS.-"H.R.H. Prince Albert Victor thrives so well upon it that it must bo vury good."-T. M. Kendall, medical attendant to U.K. H. tho Prlnouss of Wales. ' This f«od resembles mother's milk aB olosoly BB possible. ' Dr. fl. Barker on Hight Foods for Infants. " Highly nourish lng and easily d geBtud "-nr. Hassall. Itoomblni« tho most valuable flosh and bono-formlng subitáneos, and differs cssou tlally from other farlnanoous foods, which boing quite unable to afford propor nourishment to a growing infant, froq n ontly | lead to aTiokoty and idiotlocondltlon. Savoiy and Moore's preparation bas also tho advantago of hoing freed from thu ground hunk of tho corn, which produces irritation of tho bowels and Iintraotablo diarrhma. No bolling or straining roqulrod. Sold in HUB. Proparnd by Savory and Mooro, 14a Now Bond-stroot, London. Procurable ol all Chemist*, atorokoopen, and Italian Warehousnmen 