K NEWS GLEANINGS. „ , f»mwf! Eotbs.—Mi- MacCormac, artist, clw>.-,NdrtiiAdefiude,'has rou^usly favoured us vitLthe following extracts from a letter sent by htt%end Mi Oievaher:—"Summers has just > anmd inLondon from Borne, where be usually resides and works, coming to London for the Royal Academy Exhibition. Be looks re , mi*kia>iy wdl, and has plenty of work. We see hinii^t this, season very often. Your humble Wvaat has been working as usual very mr I auttrioutiy, and Her Majesty s ■ moturO of tbi !. *Th»n*sgrving Bay* is gone to the Academy ; exhibition, forwhat fate or with What a chance t -*21 be seeh next month. 1 have sent also a Tsinttng of two Japanese blind musicians, with v atfiil, 'all three performing -oh native- instru -mentis!- I think the last performance in advance of my former productions.. I work more aow in : figuresubjecte than before. ,The Que®P ®®m \- manded me another picture of the Thanksgiving Bay in St. Paul's—the first bemg the procession. You will be. pleaaed, I have no doubt, to hear the Prince ofWales has invited_me to apcom ntoy lnm to the'World's Exhibition, Vienna, fe^isan honour that I have never expected, i- and toe pleasure of ee^timShowiunder such ■apsniaM is very -peat - indeed. With aU this amount of favour, patrbnage, and prospect you i are aware tbat a man cannot work more than a certain nnmberof hours; and our modeof living israther fatiguing} pwtitmlarly dunng the ; eeatactoe ;wh6if iDEiany intitatoOBa ace to be re-; V eponded to and many to be refused: and scarcely a dw passes without our thinking of the " greaterquiet and of a more genuine congenial \- mode of life which we have left behind us; and £ -we do sincerely hope one day to return to the old ha™**, and days in a repose of \- a more sunny- clime than the London atmo sphere. Still, with all the blessings we possess, it would be.a on to.grumble; and I think toJ' remain Here awhile yet, if my health permit, for i have ucartely been myself ' since my- departure ■ from' Melbourne; ■ <and my enemy, the-rhemnatio! gout, has been very tioublesome, and has prevented my finish •ing two pictures for exhibition. The Liverpool 4 Water - Colour Society has elected me an honorary member; bat ell the rage now is to. 'become member of the old- Water- Colour Society here. At the last election for associates 39 candidates presented themselves; only one was admitted, Alma Tadema, of European. ' celebrity. So from year to year a 'host of us work with hope deferred, buoyed up or blighted, as the may be. I get- a little more callous now, much less vain, and less expectant.— Apnl 18. The International Exhibition was opened four days ago, but: the colonial exhibits' '-have-not been opened yet. We never hurry, \- and thuBare always behind the rest." The Verein Australia.—A late issue of the Hobart Town Mercury says :—" We have just received a circular from, the * Verein Australia, or Australian Club, established in "Hamburg in 1$69, containing some interesting and gratify - 1 ing information with reference to the objects of. fh« A «a»n'pmtiftrij of which Mr. Frederick Buck, ' formerly of this city, is the President. The principal object of the Society appears to be to afford such German colonists as may find themselves comparatively strangers on dheir .return after a long absence an opportunity of /meeting former colonists, from whom to get. ' advice, and to asmst with their advice those who intend to go to the colonies.Another object .is , the feghlar meeting of the members for social; intercourse, and the rfflpreseutation of Austea ' lima, -interests in fatherland yrhenever there.is occasion. -The Society also desires .to assist , persons in obtaining information about .misting friend^ in Australia,, for which, purpose a running correspondence is kept up with, the, lading German Societies in the colonies, and lists of the members , of these Societies are filed. The Verein Australia now. numbers about 40 members, .and they have , lately decided on establishing a permanent ex hibition of the natural and industrial products of Oceania, the foundation of which has been most successfully li»d by. the contributions of i members both in -specimens and funds. It appears to us that These few returned German colonists are doing for us just what we should long ago have thought of doing for . ourselves. The circular states that this undertaking cannot foil to be of the greatest interest and usefulness to the colonies and the colonists themselves, insomuch as it affords a truthful and permanent representation of their boundless resources in a country where Australia, through its own reticence, is least known, and yet where.the colonies have every interest , to be well repre sented. We quite agree, with this, and hope ' that some action wm be taken to have the natural and industrial resources of Tasmania ■pell represented at the exhibition of the Verein Australia, . Already several Australian Societies and Colonial Governments have promised their support, and it is to be hoped that we shall not be" behindhand." The Oceah Postal Service and New South Wales.—The Sydney correspondent of the Melbourne Argus says:—"The last telegram from Lord Kunberley with reference to the pinil service has not given satisfaction in Sydney. It is recognised as giving Mr. Francis substan tially what he wanted from the commencement, namely, handing ever to Victoria the supreme control of the Suez fine, and enabling it to exact from tributary colonics -what terms it plops'. The impression here is that the Victorian Government will, at once close with the rproposal, and invite tenders for. the con tinuation of the service on the expiry of the present contract, and that it will to some extent indemnify itself at the. expense of South Aus tralia for the additional cost to which it will be exposed. Whether Sydney will become tribu tary to the line will, of course, entirely depend upon the terms proposed. A small contribution may not be refused, but there can be no doubt that the mass of the Sydney corre spondence will find its way . to .England, via America as soon as that line is organized. Bat'there will probably be a lapse of 12 months before the steamers on that -line can be in -gunning order, »"d there will be a gap! between the termination of the existing Suez contract i «nd the commencement of the American service, < during which Sydney will be dependent on the GaHe iine unless-the establishment of the Singa 1 porejinecanbeexpedited. It seems now perfectly certain that' all the times mail lines will be in running order some time during, next year. Queensland is committed to one, New South . "Wales to another, and the third is thrown into -the hands pf Victoria to deal with as'it pleases. It -win be to the interest of each of the three respenrible'colonies to lighten its burden by 'forcing as much .of the correspondence as possible through the particular route it patro nises. But if the services are made to alternate, -there will always be some small proportion of 'the correspondence from each colony taking the other routes. It will be a matter fer mutual adjustment for each of the three colonies to s<ttte the terms on which the use of the other Tines iB to be obtained." MOLTKE.— The Lubeck Gazette- publishes the .following letter from Count Moltke, which ap pears to have been addressed to some enter priang publisher" Kreisau, October 15,1872. —To your letter on the 11th instant I reply that it will not be possible to gain from my youth an interesting account for the public. 1 am the third of seven sons of my father, the Banish Lieut.-General Von Moltke. My mother yraa Henrietta Paschen, daughter of the Coun cillor of Finance Paschen, of Hamburg. After his marriage my father purchased property— first in the Preignitz, and afterwards in Meck lenburg. I was born on the 28th of October, 1800, in the town of Parhim, where my parents -were on a visit with my uncle, Helmuth von Moltke, who in 1812 marched with the Mecklen burg battalion to Bussia, and perished there. I received the name Helmuth Earl Bernhardt. . I went with my parents to Lubeek, where in 1806 our house was sacked by the French. My earliest remembrance relates to Lubeck and its old gates and towers, and I have after long years immediately recognised our old house at the Schrangen, notwithstanding the changed neighbourhood. In the meantime my father had bought the property of Augustenhof, in Holstein. A year after it was burnt down, with the whole of the harvest. Soon after my grandfather, who disposed of a large fortune, died. HiB will contained numerous and large Wpz-ian. He bad not considered the very numerous losses which the war had caused to him. My mother, as universal legatee, had to bear them, and therefore the inheritance was reduced almost to nothing. The property had to be sold, in the meantime I had been sent -with my elder brother to the Land Cadets' Academy in Copenhagen. As alumni we passed there a joyless youth. At the ag9 of 18 I became an officer. The small »outlooks (to use Mr Carlyle's favourite term for the German ' Aussichten) which the Danish military serrice offered made roe desirous to enter into the Prussian army, where my father and several of hie- brothers had also :served. With good recommendations from the chief of myregiment, the Duke pf Holstein, father of the present King of Denmark, I went to Berlin, pa^i the officers examination, and was immediately appointed to the Body-Infantry Regiment, No. 8. From thence begins my sufficiently-known military career. The writings I have published are the 4 Russo-Turkish Campaign and Letters from Turkey' (the campaigns in Italy, Denmark, and Austria are not by me, but bythe Historical Department of the General Staff). By me also T«n.p« of Constantinople and the Bosphorus Mid toe environs of Rome, and also the essential part of JUpert's map of Asia Miner; . The South-Ska Islands.—A letter from the Rev. J. G. Baton, of which the following is an extract, appears"in the Church Review:— '*'We have had the most gratifying voyage I have ever bad among the .islands. But for the slavers and their depredations we might expect constant peace and success on almost every station of ear group; but every now and again all is excite ment and annoyance, and our lives, are en dangered by their duplicity and cruelty. One of them,*awhaler on Erromango, who got away the seven lads from my little" flock, says the heathen of Erromango informed him that they intend to kill Mr. and Mrs. Roberston also. One of the worst of them came Into Fille Harbour, I Fate, the other day, just as we were leaving it. He came on board our vessel, and on seeing me be was m a great rage, and in unmeasured terms abused- our..mission in general, and me in particular, for. writing against the slave trade. He had a cutter loaded with- natives, and on reaching Mitas, or Three Hills, the teacher and natives told me he had been there and by deception -got -away three lads, which had greatly annoyed them. Every artifice is resorted to to get away natives in such vessels, and many lives are lost in such efforts. On reaching Havannah-Harbour a Fiji vessel came in with a crowd of natives from some of our northern islands. They admitted to having only thirty-one for the Fiji market, and denied they had any females, but at 1 o'clock a. ib. a boat came to our vessel awfrinp. jf a young Tanna woman had come on board-the Dayspring, as she had leapt overboard, and was seen swimming tor our vessel. She did not reach us, and' most likely she was eaten by uliwinB in attempting to escape. Tbey had another young Tanna girl on board. Such vessels usually carry females. Appointment op Colonial Bishops. — We learn from the Argus that " amongst the Rills passed last session was one to enable the Bishops, clergy, and laity of the United Church of Great Britain and Ireland in Victoria to pro vide for the regulation of the affairs of that Churchy Its object was to remove certain prac tical •difficulties which had arisen - in the regulation of the affairs of the Chureh in Victoria. In consequence of recent deci [ sions of the Privy Council,- colonial Bishops could -no longer be nominated by the Queen, and it was necessary to autho rize the Colonial Episcopal Churches to provide among themselves for the appointment of their own Bishops. The Bill was reserved for the royal assent, and intelligence was received by the mail, that has just arrived of -that assent being given. The Church of England in Vic toria will in future be' able to appoint-its own Bishops, and the Act also relieves the govern- I ing body from other disabilities which it | laboured under. By the same mail a special, Intimation has been received that the royal; assent has been given to the Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister Bill." Subsidizing the Telegraph —-A correspon dent of the Melbourne Argus writes as.follows: —"When the subsidizing of the telegraph cable was first thought of I cordially agreed with the idea, and felt satisfied that a subsidy would not be required long, - as the increase of business consequent on the reduction on the rates now charged would be such that the Company would be too glad to continue the rates which brought them so large a business, even though the sub sidy should be withdrawn. On reading your, leader en the. Telegraph Department returns, however, a better idea has suggested itself, and it is that the Australian Colonies should, pro rata, guarantee the Company an amount based; rates are reduced to ray one-fourth the present charge, or any other to be mutnally arranged. -By tins means 1 am satisfied the contributing "colonies might hot be called upon topay a six-■ pence, as it is not too much to expect that the expansion of their trade would be such as to yield at the lower rates an income fully equal I' to that now obtained from the higher charge, | while the benefit over that of subsidizing would be that the colonies would be saved the amount they agreed to give should the scheme turn out to be as successful 'as anticipated. None can know better than yourself the benefit that would be conferred on the public by such a boon. I think the suggestion Worthy of consideration. —An OU) CODGEB," Geological Map op Australia and Tas mania.—A detailed description given in the Argus of a geological map of Australia and Tasmania now being prepared by the Mining Department of Victoria contains the following references to this colony :—" Mr. A. B. Cooper, Deputy-S"rveyor-General of South Australia, has furnished the department with valuable information about the geological condition of portions of New South Wales adjacent to South Australia. An excellent sketch map, covering a considerable portion of the colony, has been obtained from the Government of South Aus tralia. It was compiled under the direction of Mr. A. B. Cooper. It is especially valuable, as it embraces a great part of the populated dis tricts. The country north of Port Augusta, the most extensive mineral district in the southern portion, was examined and reported upon by Mr. Selwyn many years ago, and a sketch map prepared by mm is being used in compiling the new map. The same district has been very recently reported upon by ProfeSSor TJlrich, at the request of the Government, and his observations are proving of great assistance. Mr. G. W. Goyder, the late Surveyor-General, has also supplied some valuable information. The vast tract of country known as Central Australia will have to be marked 'unknown,' as geological surveys have not yet been made of it. What iB at present known of the geological character of the northern portion of South Australia will be mapped out. The Govern ment of South Australia have furnished a very good map shewing the palszoic tract of Port Darwin, and from notes made by explorers the department has been able to lay down a large granitic tract also, as well as a large area : covered with rocks of velcanic origin. The coal rocks are seen extending all along the coast from Port Curtis, in Queensland, in an almost unbroken line to Eden or Twofold Bay. Tbey are especially prominent at New castle and Wollongong, in New South Wales. They again appear north of Corner Inlet, at Cape Otway, and can be traced in broken patches along the coast up to Glenelg, where they apparently terminate. Another interesting fact established by the new map is that within the tertiary era connection existed' between Tasmania and the mainland. There is a strict resemblance between the geology _ of Tasmania and the continent, and the chain of granite islands extending from Wilson's Promontory, the southernmost point of Australia, to Cape Portland, the northernmost of Tasmania, have all their ridges capped with tertiaries, thus showing that within the tertiary period the island and the continent must have been connected. It appears that there has been a. greater amount of denudation on the western side of the continent than on the eastern. Where the altitude is that of the Dividing Range, which varies from about 1,500 feet to 7,000 feet, either granite, metamorphosed schists, or silurian rooks are found. Under neath the basalt or volcanic rocks in Queens land, as well as at Ballarat, the deep leads occur. It is curious to note that the deep leads of Queensland contain tin as well as gold. Wher ever the dark red patch appears indicating granite, tin may be expected to be found. The extraordinary richness of the tin deposits of Queensland and New South Wales will probably cause the immense granitic tracts of Western Australia to be thoroughly explored. The middle belt of metamorphic schists which occurs in South Australia is as well known for its copper mines as the eastern belt is for its gold." More Guns.—The Sydney Morning Herald reports :—" A further instalment of guns has arrived per Douglas Castle. They are of wrought iron, are muzzle-loading, and their weight is about 12J tons, with a preponderance of 5 cwt. The length of each gun is 12 ft. 3 in., of bore 125 inches, and of rifling 104 inches. The calibre is 9 inches, and the tube is of tough steel, and the weight of shot 250 lbs. , and of cartridge 46 lbs. of rifle large grain powder. It also has Pallisser shell and ease shot. They can be used in conjunction with lighter ordnance for coast defence. The six were landed from the ship by a spring hawser rove between the masts of the ship by Mr. Chester on to slides placed in con tinuous ways from the ship to the top of the Ordnance Yard. The whole work only occupied two days. This portion of the labour was per formed by the staff of the Ordnance Depart ment, assisted by Sergeant Harris and twelve gunners of the New South Wales Artillery. All worked with zeal, and performed their duties with safety." Fijian News.—The following items are ex tracted from the Fiji Times:—" By the schooner Dancing Wave (which recently arrived at Sydney) was forwarded the petition for the armexation of Fiji to Great Britain. The dis tricts represented on the petition were Rewa, Navua, Nadroga, Nadi, Ba, Tai Levu, Savu Savu, Taviuni, and Ovalau. Friday, May 16, was a grand day amongst the natives of Ovalau. About 2,000 of them, dressed in the pink of fashion, and redolent of cocoanut oil, gathered at Levuka Town to present their annual freewill offerings to the Missionary Society. The usual mekes or dances were the most interesting features about the gathering, and excited consi derable curiosity amongst the white spectators, and were so excellently well performed and so pleasing to the assembled Fijians as frequently to elicit shouts of applause. The amount con tributed by them was £45 Is. 3d, This does not include the annual subscriptions of some two or three chiefs who were absent on this occasion" Locust Devastation in Utah.—A corre spondent of the San Frandieo BtUletm sends to that paper a vivid description of one of those terrible visits of swarms of locusts from which it appears . that Mormon farmers periodically suffer:—" I was called out one morning, while stopping at one of these settlements we have just left behind, by my farmer host; The locusts were coming, he said, and all hands were endeavouring to save the cornfields. A man who had ridden in great haste from a district some 20 miles east reported that the locusts were at work, and might be expected at our place next morning. I hurried out, and found every man, woman, and child fortifying their crops against the invaders. Some were digging ditches and turning the waters of the nearest streams into the dyke,- whilst others were piling up drybrush wood, ready to be ignited when the enemy approached. Again others brought a sort of draught-machine on the ' ground, fitted: with revolving fan& the wind of which was sup posed to be able to check the flight of the locust. ' And the utmost dismay and consternation pre vailed. The day passed in the utmost activity. 'Nobody in the village was disengaged. Each felt the danger, and at the same time a certain ' inability to combat with what the superstitious regarded (and all Mormons are superstitious) as a visitation from the Lord. About noon the next day they perceived a dark cloud in the east, and they knew that the moment of trial Was at hand. I could give you no idea of the -number and voracity of the locusts. Every blade of grass, every ear of corn, every ■ weed - and leaf of verdure, disappeared like stubble in the fire before these -terrible gourmands. From- about the height of five feet the air was dense with their masses. They flew in our faces like hail, filled our pockets, and were piled in heaps about our feet. The women and children and men formed a rank before the Cornfield, and endeavoured to beat them back; but although the slain were piled many feet high, the locusts never wavered a moment, but pressed on eating and dying, and rotting in dis gusting charnel heaps. The watercourses were full of them, and the survivors crossed the \- stream over the dead bodies of their vanguard. The dry bush was lighted and burned fiercely, fed by.the clouds of the destroying armies, but in a few hours the throng extinguished the flame and crowded on over the cinders to the doomed cornfields. The hogs and chickens were let loose on the destroyers, but they soon grew -satiated with the feast, and still the locusts pressed on. And when at last the despairing fanners withdrew and gave up the fight, all that night the locusts fell on their roofs like hail stones, and crawled in through every nook and crevice in their dwellings. The next morning, when they arose at daylight to inspect the extent of their work, a woeful sight presented itself. The country was indeed a waste; months of hard -labour and hopes of a handsome return from the crops had faded away as the blade of grass before the locust; not a trace remained to indi \- cate that the seed had ever been planted, or that a grand tract of swaying grain glistened in the sunbeams on the morning before. But patiently-the work was recommenced, while the locusts passed on in their westward course' of desolation.■■ The Indians had a rich feast. To a red man's palate a Toast' of locusts' is a deli cious treat." Lord Lyttqn's Will,—The will of the dis tinguished author and statesman, Lord Lyttou, is dated November 25," 1869. After giving Special directions as to the examination of his body in order to provide against the possibility of his being buried while in a trance, and directing that he should be interred in the .family mausoleum at Knebworth, that any epitaph should be written in the English lan guage, and that the cost of his funeral should be limited to the modest expenses usual in the in terment of a private gentleman, the testator appointed his- son, the present Lord Lytton, Secretary of the Embassy at Paris, his sole executor and residuary legatee. With Lord Lytton is joined, as trustee of some of the pecuniary bequests {which are numerous, and altogether amount to about £14,000), Mr. John Former, the friend and biographer of Charles Dickens, who was also for many years the inti mate friend of the deceased peer. Amongst the legatees are all His Lordship's old servants. There are only two specific bequests—one to Mr. Forster, of the model of an Indian temple, which visitors to Knebworth may remember to have seen in the drawing-room; and one to Lady Sherborne, of a diamond ring, which belonged to Lord Lytton's mother, from whom he in herited the name of Lytton and the estate of Knebworth. The personalty has boon sworn under £80,000. Azamat Baton.—Marcus Clark thus wrote lately to the Warrnambool Examiner :—" By the way, I suppose you don't know who Azamat Batuk is ? I will tell you. Do you recollect a oertain Miss Lucy Forres, who .married, in the days of our grandfathers, Lord Belmont ? Well, this lady was the grandmother of Richard Arlington, the celebrated Eastern traveller. In the year 1798—an ominous year, by the way— Arlington undertook, at the request of Sir Joseph Banks, to explore the interior of Telegu. He went, he saw, he conquered—not only the scientific difficulties of his journey, but the heart of the daughter of the Rajah of Kalifat. I need not dwell upon this romantic theme (the Rajah's brothers are both living); sufficient to say that a boy blessed the union of the English man and'the daughter of MeirZemzim. The young Azamat, as he grew to manhood, was not without meritorious qualities. He was present at the short, but notable siege of Kashcar, and distinguished himself in the difficult science of the So-parou, or the diplomatic sociality of the Kusezanzee. When Lord Elphinstone assumed the reins of govern ment Azamat became intimate with the noted Elijah Jenkins, who travelled with the Viceroy in the capacity of private correspondent to the Morning Pott. From this great genius (to whom India owes more than she can ever repay) Azamat imbibed the first principles of Com munism. Speaking with equal indifference English, French, German, Telegese, he made the grand tour of Europe, in company with Sir Fowkes Martin and the Hon. Yorke Halibut. At the Court of Eugenie he became acquainted with the daring, but unfortunate financier, M. Alciabide Leroy Verloz, and when the grand panic on the Bourse (known as the Touroidou) took place Azamat accompanied his friend to London. The Pall Mall Qasette at once en gaged him as a leader writer on foreign politics, ana his pen is now profitably employed in writing those remarkable productions which appear from time to time in the columns of the Argus" Me. Spukgeon's American Offer. — It appears from a statement made by the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, at the Metropolitan Tabernacle, that he has had a tempting offer to pay a visit to America. The following is his version of the matter:—" I will just tell you one little thing which happened to me this afternoon. I had a letter from a gentleman well known in America, giving me this offer—$25,000 for 25 lectures— that is £200 for each lecture. On these terms the 25 nights would give me £5,000, and in a hundred nights I should have £20,000. Besides this I should be allowed to lecture for as many more nights as I chose, so that I might in the course of a year be worth £40,000, and no doubt the persons who undertake this would earn ten times the amount. I have nothing to do but to leave you for a year and come home with £20,000 or £40,000, while if I stay here I shall have nothing like that. What do you suppose was my answer to this offer ? 1 wrote, ' If you were to multiply that offer by one hundred times, and again a hundred times, I should feel it as easy to decline as I do now, when I say that I cannot cross the ocean to lecture upon any subject whatever. I am a minister of the Gospel, and never lectured for money, and do not intend to do so now; and if my people cannot support me it is a pity.' Some people would say, 4 Why not go over to America, and get the money to build the Col lege V I shall not do so, because I would not do one thing to degrade myself nor disgrace you. I shall not make any appeal to another country to do what you can and ought to do. There are two brothers here to- night who have received offers from America. Each man can lecture as well as preach, and there is no harm in their having £500 and a month's holiday. If I were in their position I should do the same thing, but as I am I cannot leave you. I cannot leave the College nor the Orphanage, not if my house were filled with silver and gold from top to bottom. There are two things which I should feel if I went to America. The first is that I should go, not to preach the Gospel, but to lec ture, and I cannot do that, not for the National Debt." The Education Question.—In addressing the electors of East Bourke the other day Mr. Higinbotham remarked :—" Let us look at all this, so that whatever we may be in this genera tion, whatever mistakes we may here make in legislation or in anything else, let us strive to effect this object—that our children may be better men and women than ourselves. And for that purpose let us build in every parish in the country a school which shall be the best room in the parish; not be satisfied unless each district possesses a building for primary education for a national school, which shall not be the least sightly building in the place at all events, and which certainly shall be as well ventilated, roomy, lightsome, pleasant, and healthful a building as any in the whole district. Let us also see that those who instruct our children shall receive the highest amount of education themselves. When we get the teachers we cannot give too liberal a salary to those who are engaged in this noble work of the education Of |he yeu»g." Puzzling a Secretary of State.—Some crack-brained per eon at Stawell, with money; j (not unueoal there) and without wit (quite eus-j tomary), dispatched a message per overland and; submarine wire to Lord Kimberley, The tele gram was -quite incomprehensible. The com-j bined intelligences of the Colonial Gfficecouldn't' make head or tail of it. Knowing how sensitive! colonial cousinB are, and how ready to Present thei affront of apparent neglect, His Lorjlship tele-; graphed to the Victorian Government, " Can't: understand message from StawelL ■ Repeat." Here was another conundrum. What on earth'1 could Kimberley mean ? At last it was surmised that His Honour the Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, might have been in telegraphic com munication with the Colonial Office (possibly to ask an explanation of the rumour about a certain appointment to the contemplated Appel late Court). Whatever thetopic, it was deemed to be courteous and desirable to repeat Sir William's latest message.: When that reached Lord Kimberley things were more mixed than ever. The Second message from " Stawell" bore no kind of resemblance to the first. The en tanglement was only cleared up after the ex change of from sixty to seventy pounds' worth of messages per cable. * Unfortunately the,original idiot can't be made legally responsible for the expenditure on all this purposeless telegraphy. —Argus. Peerybingle V. TroLLOPE.—".WH1 somebody eatch me Trollope, and kill him—with or with out kindness? Will the somebody, before killing Trollope^gbring him to his wretched marrow bones, and lead him to confess that his book on Victoria is as full of hissing and bad Odours as a Chinese cracker? The thing itself is a cracker of crackers. Just one or two samples:—'In Melbourne,' he says, '-there is an Irish and there is a Chinese quarter.' 'Victoria, with her 750,000 souls, has a good daily newspaper. . . , Melbourne also has a weekly paper.' ' The maid servant in Victoria has the pertness, the inde pendence, the mode of asserting by her manner thatj though she brings you up your hot water, she is just as good as you.' ' The young lady will do her duty by her father and mother, but she does it as a superior person attending on those who are inferior.' ' Attention is paid after a fashion that seems to imply that old folk, in the arrangements of life, should not interfere with their betters who are young.' ' I will net call them (the Australian girls) Goneris and Regans, but I have seen old men who have put me in mind of Lear.' And so on and so forth, girls. Trollope charges two-and-six for all these charges, and a great many more. Catch him alive, and toss the dear man in a blanket; but be advised by an old fool, and don't gush over old fools for the future, especially if they write novels. When a man's been at that game for a life- time, he's apt to Bhow his false teeth at you, and to mix his fact with an overdose of fiction, although, as you might say of the ladies' im prover, the fiction is founded on some fact. (This joke's about 145 years old, so don't pass it off as fresh.) Victoria has a daily paper, and Melbourne has a weekly paper, says this fiction mocgering Trollope. He ought to have gone on to say that Melbourne has one hotel, where the '.distinguished novelist' shouted drinks to him self; that Melbourne has one low-backed car, that the distinguished one rode in; one Theatre, that he patronised; one tailor, where he got the holes in his distinguished clothes mended; one hatter, who renovated his distinguished bell topper; one chemist, where he bonght his anti bilious pill; one church, where he didn't say his i distinguished prayers; one tobacco-shop, where he filled his distinguished pipe; one bottle of the ' pure juice of the grape, that he drank all to himself, thus accounting for his general fogginess; one linendraper, selling off at an alarming sacrifice; one steeple, one lamp-post, one drunkard, one lunatic, one insolvent, one share- jobber, one paving-stone, one scoundrel, one convicted criminal, and one north wind. So much for Anthony—yes, so much for Trol lope and the pure juice of fiction."—From the " Peerybingle Papers," in the Melbourne " Weekly Times." A Conflict with a Wheelbarrow.—The following must have emanated from a person who had experience in tumbling over a wheel barrow (and who has not?) to have enabled him to so graphically describe the sensation:—"If you have occasion to use a wheelbarrow, leave it when you are through with it in front of the house with the handles towards the door. A wheelbarrow is the most complicated thing to fall over on the face of the earth. A man will fall over one when he would never think of falling over anything else. He nerer knows when he has got through falling over it either, for it will tangle his legs and arms, turn over with him and rear up in front of him, and just as he pauses in his profanity to congratulate himself it takes a new turn and scoops more skin off him, and he oommences to evolute anew and bump himself on fresh places. A man never ceases to fall over a wheelbarrow until it turns completely on its back or brings up against ' something it cannot upset. It is the most inoffensive-looking object there is, but it is more daDgerous than a locomotive, and no man is - secure with one unless he has a tight hold on its < handles and is sitting down on something. A wheelbarrow has its uses, without doubt, but in its leisure moments it is the great blighting curse on true dignity." A Novel Plan.—An ingenious Yankee has proposed a plan by which he offers to warm Boston safely and cheaply. He will erect enormous furnaces in some remote locality, and convey heat by means ef pipes to all houses whose owners will pay him his terms. Thus heat, as well as water and gas, will be " laid on" in well-regulated Boston houses, and the private stove and the domestic furnace will be as obso lete as the old-fashioned pump and the candles and lamps of antiquity. Some one asks why the inventor should limit himself to sup plying hot air only. Why should he not offer to supply artificially iced air in summer time? What is there to hinder him-from esta blishing a vast tobacco-pipe, wherein the best of Virginia tobacco shall for ever burn, and its pleasing fames be conducted by supplementary lead pipes into every bachelor's private apart ments? There is really no limit to the good things- which might thus be "laid on" in Bostonian houses, and the day may come when the Bostonian citizen shall nave hot and cold air, beer, coffee, and .tobacco smoke supplied to every room in bis house by means of pipes and faucets. Wild Horses.—The losses which have been sustained by Messrs. Devlin & Sons, of Ganmain and Deepwater, clearly show how numerous wild horses are. Three years ago hundreds were trapped and shot upon the runs, but they now muster as strongly as ever. It is unnecessary to point out the havoc that they commit, destroy ing, as each does, sufficient to fatten two head of cattle at the lowest computation. Lately, after a fortnight's hard work in scouring, 480 head were yarded, and, notwithstanding that many showed a good deal of breeding, all except 30 were killed by cutting their throats. Numbers of station horses have joined these wild mobs, and yet only two or three were secured in the recent raid, so that the herds must be very numerous. Horse- breeders annually suffer very great loss from the presence of the animals upon their runs.—Ovens Spectator. German Loss of Life during the Late War.—"Af length," says an English journal, " we possess definite statistics showing the German losses in the late war with France. The total number killed, wounded, and missing amounts to 127,897. Of these there were killed in action 17,572; those who died afterwards from their wounds numbered 10,710; from sick ness, 12,253; from accidents, 316; from suicide, 80; the total number who died being thus, 40,881, including 1,534 officers. During the war there were no fewer than 1,599 encounters with the enemy which were attended with loss of life." Royal Conveyance. — King Cacobau,~f Fiji, finding that royalty has not exempted him from the infirmities of age, has instructed hjs agents to procure for him a palanquin. The order was entrusted to Messrs. Stevenson and Elliet, of this city, who have accordingly eon structed for the South Sea potentate a neat little covered carriage, which is to be borne on the shoulders of six men. Its exterior is com posed of polished New Zealand pine and bass wood, and on the panels there are four medallions, two of which bear His Majesty's coat-of-arms, with the words " Kingdom of Fiji," and the initials " C.R." (Cakobau Rex), surmounted by a crown. On the other two medallions there is represented the Fijian crest —a dove bearing an olive branch. The interior of the carnage is decorated on a gorgeous scale. —Argus. A Distinguished Visitor.—" .Egles," of the Australasian, mentions that on the visiting day at Toorak, a week or two since, Mrs. A. was about inscribing her name in the visitors' book, when she was accosted by another lady who had also been performing the ceremonial call. " Would you, ma'am, mind writing my name for me in the book ? I don't write very well myself. My name is Soapsuds." "With pleasure," was the amused but courteou; reply; "shall I write Mrs. or Miss ?" " Well, please'm, I'm puzzled which. I'm divorced." Mrs. A. grappled boldly with the difficulty, and wrote "Mrs. Soapsuds," when she was again obliged to appeal for further information. " What address shall I write?" An imposing-looking pasteboard, four inches by two, was at once produced, and imparted the tradesman-like in formation that " Mrs. S. carried on the busi ness of washing and ironing, combined with crimping and clear-starching—terms moderate, orders punctually attended to—at No, 1201, frittte Bluefrfrg-stmt, Carlto^ Ab rival of Em Jakes and Last Fkb gusscn at Kilkerran.—The Ayr Advertiser of March. 13 reports:—" The marriage of Sir James Eergussen to Miss Richman took place in London on Tuesday. The tenantry on. the Estate of Kilkerran, learning that the happy couple were expected to arrive at the Kilkerran Station last night, per special train, about 8 o'clock, turned out there and gave, them an enthusiastic welcome. Mr. Underwood, Tra- ' donnocb, one of the oldest tenants on .the estate, after a few well-chosen words of welcome, read the following address;—' May it please your Excellency—We the tenantry on the Estate of Kilkerfan desire to, present an address of congratulation to you on the present | auspicious occasion. We have thought it be coming to address you in the first instance by ; . the title with which your Sovereign has seen fit to-distinguish yon—reflecting honour in your person on your native County of Ayr. But the burden of our address will perhaps touch your heart more, if we confine ourselves to the dearly-cherished relationship of the tenantry on the Kilkerran Estate to their ever kind and con siderate landlord. Thoroughly appreciating the value to a district of a good resident- landlord, we need not repeat to you the sincere regrets expressed, not only in cottage and' farm on Kilkerran Estate, but from cottage to hall throughout Carrick, at -your absence -from the county for the last four years, tempered though these regrets have been by the high distinction ?ou have attained in the service of your country, he same feeling of regret and pnde moves us now, when we find that instead of returning to us permanently as we expeeted, you are again about to leave us, Jbhe Government of. the day having paid you the still higher compliment of conferring upon you the appointment of Go vernor and Commander-in-Chief of New Zealand and its dependencies—a recognition of your, high administrative abilities all the more honourable to you as conferred by a Liberal Government on a formerly zealous political opponent. We the tenantry, many of whom— and some of whose fathers—have been born on the Estate of Kilkerran, have no ordinary pleasure in congratulating you on your choice of a partner in life, whose beauty and accom plishments so well accord with her high position, and whose worth we doubt not will prove in keeping with those virtues and graces which have ever distinguished the ladies of the Kil kerran family. You need no words from us to tell you how heartily we all wish you both a long life of uninterrupted felicity. And now that we must soon part again for a time, one earnest wish fills every heart on your extensive estate that your absence may be of short dura tion, and that we may all live to see you return with your good lady, to continue in that path of public and private usefulness you nave hitherto so earnestly followed under the roof tree of Kilkerran—fragrant with the fondly cherished memories of your revered and lamented ancestors.' Sir James, in the course of a short but appropriate speech, expressive of the gratification which he and Lady Fergusson felt at the cordiality of their reception, took occasion to say how highly Lady Fergusson valued the beautiful and valuable present of diamond and emerald necklet and earrings so kindly sent her as a marriage gift by the tenantry. Thereafter, Sir James and Lady 'Fergusson drove on to Kilkerran House, .escorted by the tenantry .in procession, with, torchlights, where refreshments were provided, and 'Long Life and Happiness to Sir James and Lady Fergusson' was pledged with great enthusiasm. Sir James and Lady Fergusson received quite an ovation on their arrival at the Ayr Railway Station from the South last night: Long before the approach of the train at 7.20, the Station, which had been tastefully decorated with numerous bright lamps, bearing the word ' Welcome,' was arammed with people eager to get a glimpse of the fair stranger who has ex cited so much interest on account of Sir James's wide- spread popularity. On the approach of the train about 15 fog-signals, which had been previously placed on the rails, exploded, and on leaving a similar demonstration took place. The train was decorated with evergreens. In the short interval occupied in attaching a special engine to their carriage to convey them to Kilkerran Station, Sir James and his lady were well seen by the crowd of spectators, both appearing at the windows to acknowledge the loud cheers with which they were greeted." The paper quoted adds that the tenantry were to entertain Sir James at dinner in the King's -Arms Hotel, Maybole, on March 20. Information Concerning New South Wales.—Lately the Sydney Morning Herald wrote:—"The Government sent home by the last mail 5,000 copies of the pamphlet entitled c New South Wales, the oldest and richest of the Australian Colonies.' The object, of course, is to disseminate information throughout the United Kingdom, with a view to immigration. The Government Printer, Mr. Richards, has prepared another 5,000, which are to be dis patched by the outgoing mail; and in order to enable residents to send the pamphlet to their friends a number of copies have been reserved for sale in the colony. Since the first edition was published the work has been revised by the author, and one or two additions have been made. Not the least interesting feature of the book are the excellent maps by which it is accompanied." The same paper also reports;— " The Agricultural Society amidst the press of work necessitated by the Exhibition has pre pared a broadsheet of information for emigrants, accompanied by a striking map. This sheet on being offered to the Intercolonial Commissioners in Sydney was gladly accepted, and some 20,000 copies were ordered to be struck off and sent to England for gratuitous distribution in the New South Wales Court of the Exhibition. The sheet originated in this - way. During the sittings of Conference the Council of the Agri cultural Society endeavoured to effect a meeting ef the Delegates for the purpose of gaining their concurrence in the publication of a joint broadsheet of information for emigrants, it being considered that the presentation would gain much in strength from the union of all. The project, however, failed. The next considera tion was, what should be done with the idea for New South Wales. The sheet was then offered to the Government, but an Emi grants' Guide being already in the Govern ment Press, it was not thought desirable to do more. On being shown to the Interna tional Commissioners they at once adopted it, and it is now issued by them. The information has been compiled by Mr. Joubert, and is from the most reliable sources. The sheet is of the size of two pages of the Sydney Morning Herald. A coloured map, showing the geographical, mineral, and industrial character of the colony, heads the printed matter, which concerns the following subjects :—Geographical Outline— Climate—Agricultural and Pastoral Interests— Land Regulations—Mineral Resources—Manu factures—Trade—Imports and Exports—New Immigration Regulations—Railways and Tele graphs—Provisions and Clothing—Food and House Rent—Rates of Wages, &c.; The work is well done, and admirably adapted for the object in view. It is, in fact, the best thing of the sort yet done by any of the Australian Colonies. The Commissioners have caused to be prepared a monstrous block-letter enlargement ef this broadsheet, to be set up in the New South Wales section of the London Exhibition, the facts below the map being much condensed; and have expressed their desire to the authorities at home that the sheets should be attached to the great diagram in such a way as to allow of their being slipped off by visiters." Electric Currents.—Mr. H. J. Tancred, as President of the Philosophical Iustitute of Canterbury, recently delivered to the members of the local Institute an interesting address on "Nature's Law in New Zealand," containing some novel ideas, one of which is thus stated :— " Take, as an illustration, the question as to how the earth of New Zealand acts on the electric current. This question was raised in a paper read before the Institute by Mr. Wright. Our conception of the laws which govern the relation of the earth to electricity has been rudely dis turbed by the ideas therein suggested. The observation recorded by Mr. Wright would seem to lead to the conclusion that the earth, instead of dispersing, is a bad conductor of electricity. He says that on the line to the north of Christ church many of the telegraph poles having fallen down, the wires were iu contact with the ground; but that, notwithstanding this, and contrary to his expectation, insulation was still preserved, and messages could be forwarded aloDg the line from Christchurch to Wellington. So far as is known, the author says—and he sup ports his assertion by the testimony of persons versed in practical telegraphy—this would have been impossible in any other part of the world." Tichborniana.—Gipps Land in all probability (says the local Mercury) will receive the first honours in exposing the claimant to the Tich borne baronetcy as an impostor, should that individual really turn out to be such. Mr. and Mrs. McAllister, who left Sale for the purpose of proceeding to England to give evidence on the perjury trial, will be able to afford some important information. Mrs. McAllister was , the wife of Mr. Foster, of the Boisdale Run, and was at the station when De Castro, Orton, or Tichborne went there after being engaged by Mr. Foster in Melbourne. This lady, on seeing the photograph of the claimant in Sale, at once identified it as being the likeness of the man who went to the station at the time stated. Mr. McAllister was then working at the station, and he also identified the portrait as that of the man who came to Boisdale under engagement to Mr. Foster in the name of Orton. Other important evidence will also be given by them, which it is probable will set at rest the point as to whether the claimant is an impostor or the real Simon £uret 