Telegraphic IPespatclies. (From the Herald.') ' J London, August 1-. A discussion took placo in the House of Com mons on Ministerial Responsibility, in consequence of Mr Ayrton repudiating tho responsibility of the Board of Works for the alteration of an estimate by the Treasurer. Mr Gladstone disagreed with tho dictum laid down by Mr Ayrton. The King of Saxony is reported to bo recover ing. In tho House of Commons, Mr G. Sclator Iiooth criticised the management of the Treasury. The Right Hon R. Lowe promised that houeeforth regularity and order should prevail. The appointment of Mr Stephens to succeed Sir George Jcssel as Solicitor-General has not been confirmed. Tho grant for an additional £10,000 a year to the Duke of Edinburgh on his ? marriage was brought before the House of Commons. The motion was carried, with 18 dissentients. The Goodwood Cup. — Flageolet 1 ; Favonius 2 ; Cremornc, 3. The insurgents Vn Spain ate burning Seville with petroleum ; and an insurgent squadron consisting of live gunboats and two frigates are bombarding the port of Almcria in Andalusia. The insurgents at Carthagena havo forw.ed a Ministry ; and are negotiating with those of Valentia. Don Carlos has entered Biscay. Tho insurgent troops are in possession of Seville. Cholera is spreading in Tennesso in America. Discount, 3^ per cent. London, August 2. Copper of all kinds is quiet. Australian is quoted at £80 to £87 for cash. Tin is steady. Straits slab, £130. Australian tallow is improved. Wool and wheat aro unchanged. Be3t sides of Australian leather sell at 12d. to 13d. per lb. Hides are steady at GJd. per lb. for first heavy and 6Jd. per lb. for best light. Tho Rev. George T. Perks, M.A., has been elected President of tho Wesleyau Methodist Con ference for the ensuing year. The rumor that cholera had b'rokert out in Londou a week ago was contradicted) but two cases havo since occurred among some Danish immigrants en routo for Now Zealand, and tho whole of the party have been placed under medical care-. A new Egyptian loan is announced of £32,000,000. London, August 4. A railway accident, which caused the death of fourteen persons, lias occurred at Wigan. The English, French, and German Naval com manders havo agreed to prevent excesses by Spanish insurgent war ships. West Ma-iTlanD. — Tuesday -i Tho arrival of tho Hon. H. Parkes was celebrated by a procession of the Sons of Temperance, Oddfellows, and Volun teers. Mr Parkes (with whom was Mr J. F. Burns) laid tho foundation stono of a Public school. There was a great demonstration, at least 2000 persons wero present. Addresses were presented in High-street, and on the school site ; also from children of Morpeth and East Maitland. Mr Parkes is to address a meeting to- night. Melbourne. — Saturday ; A petition is about to be presented to the Assembly asking for a Royal Commission, composed partly of ladies, tb inquire into tho conduct of the Chinese in refer ence to young girls. — Monday : The negro Wallace, convicted and sentenced to death for the Mount Bcckworth outrage, is ordered for execution on Monday next. — The Plate Glass Insurance Company has declared a dividend of 10 per cent. — A telegram has beon received from Mr Grace, submitting the names of a cricketing team, and tho arrangements are now complete.— The Faculty of Law in connection with tho Uni versity have appointed Professor Hearn as Dean of the Faculty. He has resigned his professorship of history and political economy. — Tuesday : The Government has introduced a Savings Bank Bill to amalgamate with tho Post Office Savings Banks-. — A closo season for hares will be provided in the now Game Bill.— The following will be the English oricketing team : — Gentlemen : W. G. Graoe, G. F. Graco, A. N. Hornby, A. J. Bush, aud Brico. Players : James Southerton, Henry Jnpp, Richard Humphrey, Martin M'Intyre, Oscroft Pilider, and James Lillywhito. jum— Mafia Janeway walked out of a first floor window while in a state of sonnambulism and is unhurt. — -A bill has been prepared to amend the Constitution of tho Legislative Council, to increase the number of its members, aud to reduce tho qualification.— The Rip fund it is expected will amount to £3500. — His Excellency Governor Bowon has presented £100 to the University for prices on subjects con nected with history, literature, jurisprudence, &c.; Hoiiart Town. —Saturday : The new Ministry is as follows Premier, Mr Kenlierley, without office : Chief Socretary, Mr Chapman, Treasurer, Mr Fycli ; Attorney-General, 'Ms Gibbin; Minister for Lftnds( Sir Mooro. It is considered to bo a strong Government. New Zealand.— .iiily 20. —Addresses in reply to tho Governor's speech were adopted almost unanimously. — The Telegraph Cable Bill was read a second time. — The bill for prohibiting tho im portation of stock was rejected. — A bill was in troduced for tho purpose of conntituting Mativo Councils. — Homo despatches aro unfavourable to the establishment of a New Zealand Mint. — A Melbourno and New Zealand Company's mail con tract is being negotiated. — Mr Stafford is senoilsly iiulisposod.— The Customs' rovonue for tho past quarter shows an increase of 000.— A whirl wind visited New Plymouth, and occasioned much damage. — Tho American ship William Tapscote put into Dunediii with her Captain ill irons. Tho crew mutinied, and refused duty. The vessel was in charge of the mate. Aiiei.aiiib. — Saturday: Tho Glenelg railway was officially opened by the Governor to-day, and was a great success. Tho trip takes twenty minutes. — Tho assay of quartz from Winn's mine, Northern territory, yielded at the rate of !)0 oz to tho ton. — Monday : Fifty thousand tons of po tatoes, it is expected, will bo produced this season at Mount Gambier. — A private telegram speaks highly of several claims in tho Northern territory. — Tuesday : A telegram from Yam Creek states that miggety alluvial gold has been found on Port Darwin claims two feet from the surface. — The Chief Secretary promised a deputation to-day that he would urge tho Home Government to raise the standard of wino as recommended by the Sydney Conference. — Wheat is easy at 5s. 8d. to Cs. Od. 