GENERAL SUMMARY. The first consignment of Queensland sugar, to test the English market, was sold by auction last week, the prices realized being considered satisfactory. Large quantities of Australian tinned meats have been forwarded to the West Coast of Africa. . At the Mansion House banquet, on tho 2lst, Mr. Saul Samuel mado an admirable a peech in responding to the toast of tho British colonies. Ho avowed the attachment of the Australian colonies to the mother country, deprecated severance, and warned England against sacrificing the integrity of the Empire to sordid notions of economy. Captain Warren's machino for the production of artificial ico was exhibited last week, It is intended principally for uso in Indir., Tho Hov John Graham, from Sydney, preached tho in au eural sermon of tho autumnal meetings of tho Congregational Union at Ipswich. The Brazilian Government granted free passages to England to 164 deceived and destituto emigrants. Tho reconstructed Cabinet has had seyoral sittings, and tho question of disnolving Parliament was fully dis cussed ; a resolution was taken to postpone tho dissolu» tion till spring. Tho success of the Liberal candidatos nt Bath and Taunton greatly disconcerted tho Conservativo party ; a long series of Liberal electoral defeats had intoxi cated tho Tories with confidonco and certainty of victory. This roversal of their career of triumph is largely duo to tho indiscreet letter, full of political invectivo, of Lord Grey do Wilton. Mr. Bright, on accepting tho appointment to tho Duohy of Lancaster publisbod nu address to his con stituents, which declares that ho has not changed his old principles, that rather than bo unfaithful to them ho would retiro from office. His re-election was unopposed On tho 22nd instnut ho attended a great meeting at Birmingham, in Bingley Hall; 12,000 persons woro present including representative mon fiom all parts of the country. His speech wns magnificent, and the enthusiasm cf tho audience boundless. He reviewed tho great historical; measures passed by the present Government, disavowed any responsibility for tho Education Act, and expressed a hope that tho 25th clause would bo modified. Ho did not reveal any Cnbinot secretB, but foreshadowed further political and fiscal reforms likely to bo undertaken, such as county reprosontation income tux repeal, and alteration of the land lawn. Tho Hpoeoh did much to sooth tho irritation of the Liberal party. The Conservatives won tho vacant seat of Hull by a small majority. Mr. Hoed, the ship-buildor, was de feated. Lord Derby was entertained ab a non-political ban quet in tho Town Hall at Liverpool. Nearly 300 guests, including tho Lord Mayor* of London, York, and Dubliu, and numerous county magistrates, wera presoiit ; tho object of tho gathoring was to recognise tho warm intorost Lord Derby has always taken in Liverpool affairs ; he spoke upon the relations between capital and labour, glanced at tho circumstances sur rounding the Ashantee war, and Baid that his judgment waB in suspense regarding Ministerial responsibility for tho war. Tho Duke of Edinburgh, during his stay in the Crimea, visited Sebastopol and assisted at tho trial trip of tho ironclad Novgorod, Three thousand fivo hundred electors of Morpeth signed a requisition to Thomas Burt, seorotary of tho Northumberland Minom' AnHocmtion to stand for that borough; heconsnntcd, nndasubpeription list towards defraying hin expenses wus opened. Sir '.'nmuol nnd Lndy Baiter havo arrived in London» thoy havo accepted nn invitation from tho Geographica' j Society of Now York to visit America tioit summon Owen's College, afc Manchester, costing one hundrcc thousand pounds, ha3 bcon opened with much state, \- under the presidency of tho Duke of Manchester. The Bishoprio ot Victoria, Hongkong, is conferred 01 the Hov. J. ¡3. Bardon, twenty years a mi -tionary it China. Gonoral M'Clollaud has arri voil in England frort America, j aud Mark Twain has beon lecturing to large autliencos in Loudon. The casos of cholera imported into Liverpool from Havre hu?o nob ros ul tod ia a aproad of the disease. Since tho departure of the Danish immigrants there bat been no outbreak iii London Oho era has dncliued ai thu norhhorn ports of Europe, but the utmost vigilance is exercised by the sanitary iuspsotors Tho authorities h wo nv»de extensive raids upon metro¡¿oiitun milkmen, fining soores for adulteration, and in turn tho latter have held indignation mooting! and passed resolutions to raise tho price of milk to 5d per quart. According to the report of tho -'anitary Committee, 70 per cent, of the tea imported | annually is not tea at all, but leaves of other plants. Tea million lbs. of grossly adulterated toa is uow in bond ; the committee urge immediate parliamentary action, A handsome testimonial, subscribed for by 275 British exhibitors, WAS presented to Mr. Owen, secretary of the Royal Commission at tho Vienna Exhibition, it cou sisotod of a silver dessert sow ico and pnrse of 1300 guineas ; and Mrs, Owoa received a case of Danish jewellery. The Home Rule agitation in Ireland proceeds vigorously ; tho priesthood are giving u qualified adhesion. Mr. Bute .leotured on tho subject in London and else ivhcro. The Irish National Commissioners on Education have passod a resolution that on Faihor O'Koeffo satisfying tb»in that ho is a fit person to exercise that trust, they will recognise him as manager of tho Callan schools. A proposal to reinstate him, howovor, was negatived by IO to 4. The matter was referred to the local inspector for inquiry and report. Kogioald Herbert, who undertook to row from Maid enhead to Westminster Bridgo in twelve hours for .£1000, accomplished tho journoy in ton hours, botweon 6 and 4. Two members of the Hackuoy Bicyole Olub have takou a pleasnre trip to Lands End and back, 300 miles, without disa 'tor. Rupert Kettie de iverod an award in connection with tho arbitration botwcoa the parties in tho North of England iron trado Tho masters proposed a reduction of 15d por ton on puddlers and 124 per cent, on other workmon. Mr. Kettlo deoided against the masters on all tho grounds adduced by them. Meanwhile coal and iron contiuuo to rise, and tho aharcB of mineral com« panies advance daly. Mr. Brassey in an address on eoonomy and trade, at Norwich, said he thought coal must fall ia price in about two yoars, though never to the old rates ; he looks for relief mainly to now methods cf econo mising the uso of coal. ,r" Tu Mr. Huli lay'* opening address at the Bristol Minors' Confcrsnce, he said tho Amalgamated Society had nearly ono hundred thousand members ; he insisted that workmon h id not obtained a fair share of the advanced rate«. Bight hundred Leicestershire miners struck on tho weighing question. Serious riots by Cornish miners occurred at Cam borne, originating in f ouds with the police. Tho Nottingham laco trade Btrike continues. A general strike is imminent among Leith sailors. Concessions b; maBtors terminated thonailors' strike. Tn Somersetshire four torchlight processions of agri cultural labourers passed off without disorder ; about 1G000 persons altogether were present ; huudreds of tenant farmers countenanced tho proceedings. Railway accidents aro declining m frequency and severity, but still numerous collisions have occurred. The Bishop of London's palaco narrowly escaped destruction by fire ; tho stables, stalls, and coach-house were consumed. A fire at Ardverike Lodge, belonging to Sir John Ramsden, burnt out the inmates and destroyed the Art treasures ; tho loss is estimated at L50 OOO. The adoption of asphalte pavements ia rapidly spread ing in London. Tho transatlantic balloon was repaired, and started from New York on the morning of tho Cth, wi sh Mesara. Donaldson, Ford, and Lunt, going cast ; -these men wore a balloonist, an artist, and a sailor ; after a short sail across Connecticut, it descended about 100 miles from the starting point. Barnum is in Kurupe consult ing eminent aoronauts oa the Bubjoct of a voyage betwoon America and Europe. Sir George Grey retires from public life at the close of the present Parliament. Tho Kev. W. Knight has resigned his Ministry in the Free Church. Mr. P.imsoll was entertained at a banquet at Ports mouth, At Sheffield tho stool manufacturo» are working only four dayB u wook, owing to the dearness of coal The steamship Ismali foundered on her voyage be tween America and Glasgow. I An amuesty mooting was held at Blackheath, and a 1 monster gathering is announced at Dublin for Norem- ' bor 23, tho anniversary of tho oxocutiou of the Man chester FcniauB. Road-making is progressing rapidly towards capital of the Ashuutuos, who.appear to bo retreating. Australian tin has attracted attention, and it is pro nounced equal in quality to the host English tin. Davo Cat-sou has h-f t with a company for Sydney, Judgo Franois roturns at tho ond of JS o vom bor Tho Samuel Plimsoll, for Sydney, will take 110 assisted immigrants. 