QtocregpoiiQcncst — — . 4m the Editob op the NortHern Ailous. Dea.ii Shi,— Your columns arc generally open to all, parties; and, with your permissou, I should like to reply to 27 tri'H letter of the 23rd: He might have read the Sagas and dthcr. Norsk ; Lore, but otherwise has not ballasted the wings of his , genius with the weight of knowledge ; ho refers to an Italian proverb ; 1 beg to refer him to the appro- j priatc sentence of the great German poet for which -> he expresses admiration ' ' GegcA dummheit hiimffen\ '! Gblter selbst vergebens." £ Iil tlie first instance; the Germans Have never placed themselves at the head of dther nations ; in | foot; if lie van. read, tllti best German mithofs he will j find that they have father placed the lihglisb ahead , of themselves aiid dthcrs, they adifiit that Shake- ! spear was the greatest pdet which ovor lived, and ! Newton the greatest gonitis yet pfodiiced in this ' world ; that the German statesmen had to lenrn from ; English statesmen — not the present ones certainly; but from Fox and Canning, nnd refer especially ns a j sample of patriotismeu; to the lust words of the dying 1 Chatham; . . "Dear Cahibdert; sdvb mjr coiifitfy,'1 Only a few years ago; when Bismark wished to explain a sentence of the German constitution according to his views; lie said, ' Translate it in French and it sounds so and so. When one of the members for Saxony replied, It has never been the habit of Germans to look for references and precedents in parliamentary matters to France, but to England," translated in plain Eng- lish it reads so and so (received with loud applause.) Just what the Germans have to learn yet; is that self- confidence; that high opinion which French and English have of themselves; and which often be- comes bounce and arrogance. Tito continues : Since the time of Copernicus the intellect of Germany has been found chiefly among Germans of Slavic, Danish, and Jewish origin, Moltke Himself being a Dane; Germany's greatest men happen just to be of the pure German stock; Keppler, Leibnitz, Kant, Schlegel, Klopstock, Schiller, Goethe, Ruckert, Stein, and a hast of others not even to mention Humboldt tho greatest savant of this century, are certainly no slaves of Jews ; and Moltke; I beg to inform Tito, was born at Parchim; in Mec- lenbnrg, his family removed afterwards to Holstein, and he was a few years at the military school- at Copenhagen. Does that make him a Dane ? Then he refers' to the French Huguenots which found a home in Germany. Will he be good enough to mention one single person of these which can be compared to the above-named ; tho only man of non- German descent, who achieved the highest distinct tion in Prussia, happens just to be the son of an Hnglishman, Fieldmarshnl York, and; although Frederick the Great was a great admirer of Voltaire, d' Alembert; and other Frenchmen; still the man he estimated most and the only one who was always; his intimate friend, was a Scotchman, " Marshall Keith," of whom he said the remarkable words— " Le bon milor m'a fait croire a la vertu." Tito continues, " Let Germany give up all her Slavonic dependencies; as she recently did tho greater part of Italy:" Germany has no Slavonic dependen cies except Polish Posen; | but Austria has, Austria held Lombary and Venice and vainly tried in 1810 to have tho whole Austrian empire admitted into tho Ger manic Confederation thereby securing supremacy in tho Bund; and making Germany liable for the defence of non-German countries; but perhaps Tito does not know tho difference between Austria and Germany. Then, he goes on, " If Germany did banish tho Jews where would her musical eminence be ?" The two best Jewish composers are Mendelsohn and Mayerbeer; but their superiors, Beethoven; Mozart and Weber, Back; Hayden; Gluek and Wagner, are no Jews. The Lower Saxons Ditmarson and Frisons are no Danes ; for the last 800 years those peasants never were serfs like tho unfortunate Danes, for their freedom and self government they fought many a battle just like tho Swiss in tho south, In 1501 these Saxon peasants gained the great victory, killing some 110,000 Danes and taking tho great' standard. These people were never Scandinavians, and who were tho Norsk ? why robbers and pirates; the terror of Eng land, France and Flanders, till the mighty German Hansk swept them off the seas and founded Bergen in Norway. Further, Tito asks where are German colonies ? what are Esthland, Liflaud, Cour- land portion of Transilvania, but German colonies; are they not gradually colonising Russia ? are they without influence in the States and Brazils; , What can they do with their Gallic provinces ? Elsass with Strassburg a Gallic province ! For 600 years it has been a free town of Germany ; why tho nation of -10 millions means to keep it, and finish Ervin von Steinbach's cathedral at Strassburg, which the French left for the 170 years they held it in the same unfinished state, without the socond tower, only building citadels and forts, which the Germans were rude enough to knock to pieces within six weeks. Then he goes on about the German military law, call ing it a press-gang, a press-gang in this' English sense can of course not exist in Germany, for there rich and poor must serve alike, and Germans know that they must have their hand on the sword to be safe, otherwise they might be conquered, and have to serve as French or Russian soldiers. Germany certainly wants an effective army; quite as much as England her navy : Germans immigrate not so much to escape their military obligations as to' better their position; and at all events the last war has shown that they flock home from far distant countries when required, ' Tito" says he has read the Sagas, so have others, but read history at the same time. According to his ideas it is an advantage to to conquered in order to improve the language : the Germans do not like the process; and object to be civilised by tho French,and have kept their language' since time immemorial true they have been invaded often; but Up to this day, with some alterations certainly ; always managed to beat tho invaders in the long run, Romans, Huns, Turks,- Swedes, Danes and French , have only left their bones in Germany, but could no hold it, Tacitus says—1 "Magis triumphato quam victi sunt ;" " Tito" and similar writers Uo ruuen mischief —25 years ago Germans looked on the English as their best friends, with whom they had fought for centuries side by side, now that feeling is gradually altering, principally owing to such articles. A great portion of tho English press shows a kind of petty jealousy, much to be deprecated. The Italian press on the other side points out that Italy and Germany attained both at the same time tbeir unity, dwells with much satisfaction on the enthusiastic recep tion given to Prince Humbert, and hints plainly at an understanding against their mutual enemy. Russian. Emperors have often been at Berlin, and were of course welcome visitors at tho court, but tlie last re ception of Alexander was different, the people showed plainly that they considered him a friend, while on the other side a certain coolness appears to arise be tween England and Germany much to be regretted. Yours truly, ANTI-TITO, During tho past year tho Club lias played two niatchos. With. tho .Wostwood Clubi hi both' of whioh they have boon victorious, and dlso two matolios with tho town,.wo.boing dofcatod upon one occasion. Tho second eleven havo played two matches and wovo vic torious, boing a totnl of six matches, in ono only of which was this Club dcfculcd. Xlio Receipts for ,tho twelvo months havo been £7.1 9s. lOd. ft'om all sources, ; and1 tho disbursements for tlio snmo period £51 lGs. 2d., as por balanco sheet horowilh, thus ionving us in tho favourable position, with a credit bnlauco of £19 His. Sd.'to ontor upon tho now yoar. , ; ; - . ; „ Wo uro glad to roport that the first subscriptions worn paid With .commendable .punctuality, and havo to draw your attention to ; Rulo 6, with roforonco to youi'.sidwjyiptiQi'a for tho qoming year, which are now It. tSPiV your, duty to cloot a oommittqo of manago- mont. and ofilco '.heiirbrs for tlio ensuing season, in con formity witli Rules' 2 nnd 3„, . , '" ' ' T. S. Uaex., Chnirman. The adoption of tho balanco shoot and roport woro ' unanimously curried ou tho nio( ion of Mr. llall sccoiidod by Mr. Tuson, _( ' '! Tito election of .ofiiqe bearevs for' tlio ensuing year was then pvor/ :dof ..wilh; nn'd resulted in t.lio follow ing gcntlomft bemg.oloo'l'od Trosideiit, Captain R. M. Hunter ; Vice-president!!, ..his Worship the Mayor niul Mr. Aldcrmnu Fcez ; Trcasurpi;, T. S. Hall, Esq.; Scerotary, Mr. Alderman Jackson; Oonnnittco, Messrs W. J. Brown, -G. Tiisou, 0. M. Hunter, D. McThrrsou find C. Salmoud. Tho business was coneliulod by passing a cordial vote of tliauks to tlio retiring Committee. We arc glad to. sco that the Knights of tho Willow " are proving a strong oncampment, as last cvouiug four fresh mombors wcronoceptod. The lists arc opou to all, iind wo hoj)o to sec during. tlio coming i season a grand, toiirnamcut in whieli Itockliampton | will not bo discoinlitod. 