ENGLISH NEWS, BY CABLE. (Renter's Telegrams to Australian Associated Press, the S. M. Herald.) London, July 29. ME. GLADSTONE proposed, and the House of Commons voted, ail additional allow ance of £10,000 per annum to H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh in view of his approaching marriage -with the Grand Duchess Marie of Russia; also ,£6000 a year for the Grand Duchess, in case of survivorship. The First Lord of the Treasury-tlie Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone-is indis posed. In the House of Peers, Lord Stanley, of Alderley, has called attention to the af fairs of Acheen. 110,000 bales of wool have already been Bold, and priceB are firm. Washed comb ing wool commands rates equal to Feb. Scoured is slightly easier. Mudgee wool realised 3s. to 4s. The Liverpool sales opened at a decline, but recovered before the close. In reply to Mr. Callan in the House of Commons, Yiscount Enfield said the Car lists had overrun the Northern territoiy of Spain, but that the time had not yet arrived to recognise them as belligerents. The German Government disavows the capture of a Spanish insurgent vessel. London, July 31. There has been a serious outbreak of Asiatic cholera in East London. The Pope has received twenty-two Bishops nominated at the recent Con sistory, and reiterated the excommunica tion of Freemasons. Mr. Fitzjames Stephen is the successor of Sir G. Jessel as Solicitor General. Shortly after the committee of th® French Assembly had voted in favour of the Commercial Treaty with England, an adjournment to November took place. In a message to the National Assembly, President M'Mahon answers for the main-, tenance of order, deprecates undue na tional manifestations on the occasion of the evacuation of French territory by the last of the German troops, and states that the establishment of peace is the first necessary. London, August 1. A discussion took place in the House of Commons on Ministerial Responsibility, in consequence of Mr. Ayrton repudiating the responsibility of the Board of Works for the alteration of an estimate by the Treasurer. Mr. Gladstone disagreed with the dictum laid down by Mr. Ayrton. Parliament stands adjourned till Tues day. The King of Saxony is reported to be recovering. In the House of CommonB, Mr. G. Sclater-Booth criticised the management of the Treasury. The Right Hon. R. Lowe promised that henceforth regularity and order should prevail. The appointment of Mr. Stephens to succeed Sir George Jessel as Solicitor Ge neral has not been confirmed. The grant for an additional £10,000 a year to the Duke of Edinburgh on his marriage was brought before the House of Commons. The motion was carried, with 18 dissentients. The Goodwood Cup.-Flageolet, 1; Favonius, 2 ; Cremorne, 3. The Spanish insurgents are burning Seville with petroleum ; and an insurgent squadron consisting of five gunboats and two frigates are bombarding the port of Almeria in Andalusia. The insurgents at Carthagena have formed a Ministry ; and are negotiating .with those of Yalentia. Don Carlos has entered Biscay. The insurgent troops are in possession of Seville. Cholera is spreading in Tennessee. London, August 2. The Bank of England rate of discount remaius at 3jr per cent. Money is easier in the Continental mar kets, and discounts are falling. Stocks are firmer. New South Wales Five per cents. January-July-106. Copper of all kinds is quiet. Australian is quoted at £86 to .£87 for cash. Tin is steady. Straits slab, £130. Australian tallow has improved. Wool and wheat are unchanged. Best sides of Australian leather sell at 12d. to 13d. per lb. Hides are steady at 6fd. per lb. for first heavy and 6|d. per lb. for best light. The Rev. George T. Perks, M.A., has been elected President of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference for the ensuing year. The rumour that cholera had broken out a week ago" was contradicted, but two cases have since occurred among some Danish immigrants en route for New Zea land, and the whole of the party have been placed under medical care. A new Egyptian loan is announced of £32,000,000. 