ADELAIDE. July 31. McMinn. the Northern Territory Gold Com I missioner, reports that the Prospecting Com- ! pany's reef is the ricbest-yet found ' there, and will yield, it is believed, ISO ozs. to the ton of etone. A SUPPLEMENTARY Mail for England will be closed here at 8 p.tn, to-morrow (Sunday) evening, for despatch via Gympie. It is announced that the Rev. George Sass- Danish clergyman, will meet his countrymen at the Depot next Sunday, at II o'clock, for the | purpose of holding Divine Service. Dr. Power desires us to mention that he is called away from town for 5 or 6 days ou pro fessional business, during which time he will be. represented by Dr. Ward. The annual distribution of prizes to tbe children attending the Presbyterian Sabbath School will take place on Thursday next. The evening will be enlivened by singing and f reci- tations by the little ones and speeches to be delivered by several gentlemen. Attention is called to the sale of the Grand Stand and Booths for the forthcoming races by Mr. Thomas Hutchins this day (Satur day) at twelve o'clock. There are 1^ married couples, and 24 single women now left in the Depot awaiting engagement. They are all thoroughly healthy, and with the pressing demand for domestic sei vants that exists everywhere, ought not to cumber the establishment long. We have been requested to call the attention of the members of the Permanent Building Society to the change that has been made in the place of meeting. From this date the Society will hold its meetings at its new office in Lennox-street, instead of at the Court House, as heretofore, the Society having arranged for the building' of a suitable office for the purpose of holding its meetings. A meeting of the Committee of the School of Arts was held yesterday afternoon, to con- ' sider a proposition made by Mr. John Graham, of Gayndah, to lease, for a term of 21 years part of the vacant land belonging to the institu tion, comprising a frontage of 51 feet to Kent street, from the corner of Adelaide-street, by 100 feet in depth. The offer was accepted con ditionally on the lessee erecting a substantial building of brick or stone, at a cost of not less than £500. All improvements to become the property of the institution at the termination of the lease. We understand that Mr. Graham contemplates the erection of a large store and auction room on the site thus secured, at a cost of more than double the sum specified above, and that he will transfer the principal part of his business to Maryborough, retaining, however, a branch store, etc., at the metropolis of the Burnett, The Secretary of the Maryborough Hos pital desires to acknowledge, with the thanks of the Committee, the following subscriptions and donations: — Messrs. G. T. Watson, 20s; Ed. Hackett, 21s ; Jas. Ryan. 2s 6d ; J. A. Brown ing, 5s ; John Manly, 5s ; Wm. Smith, 2s 61 ; George Wynyardl, 2s 6d ; Peter Mullens, 5s. Donations of old linen are much needed, and would be thankfully received. The following is the state of the Hospital for the month of July : — Patients— remaining 30th June, 9 ; re ceived July, 19 ; discharged, 2; died, 2; re maining 31st July, 24. Exclusive of two in fants admitted, and still remaining. Police Court. — On Thursday, a prisoner was fined 5s. for being drunk. Yesterday, George, an aboriginal, was brought up on re mand, charged with larceny. The police having no evidence to offer, prisoner was dis charged. John Harty, on warrant, was re manded to Rockhampton for wife desertion. Edward Mullett was charged on warrant with absenting himself from the hired service of F. F. Nixon. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and was fined £5, to be paid immediately, or in default of payment, levy and distress ; if levy insuffi- cient, one month's imprisonment in Brisbane Gaol. Edward Honey, for absenting himself from the hired service of A. H. Corfield, was remanded until to-day. Mr. J. P. Lyons appeared for prisoner. The English mail will be delivered thi6 morntag, and up to to-morrow evening there will be an opportunity of replying to letters by it by the outgoing mail this month, a specia mail haviog been arranged via Gympie for this object. It is with no little satisfaction we observe a tendency in this department to break from red-tape and routine which at one time TnaTked it, and an -opposite and agreeable inclination to act on the principle that the office exists, not to find employment for so many hands, but to promote the weal of the people who support it. It is a great pity that some provision is not made by the German emigration agent for Queensland to enable the emigrants to provide themselves with English money before leaving Hamburg. We learn that a good many of the immigrants per Reichstag had a quantity of U. 8. money palmed off on them for English by the ordinary money-changers of that great outport for American emigration, and are now compelled to submit to a heavy loss in exchanging it for the current £ s. d. Still worse do those fare who have brought only Prussian -money ; for the Prussian Thaler, worth 2s. lid., theycan obtain at most 2s. 9d. by sending it down to the Prussian Consulate at Brisbane, while if they want it changed on ; the spot they get only about 2s on the average, equal to a loss of nearly one-third, which is terribly severe on people who, as a rule, are , not overburdened with means. It is to be hoped that if the German immigration is to continue — a mat ter of somewhat doubtful expediency, by the way — Mr. Kirchnfer's attention will at ouce be directed to this subject. The New Calliope Gold Mining Company, formed to purchase the mine and mining pro perty of the Calliope Company, Gladstone, have had their pluck and perseverance re warded this week in a heavy strike of gold at the point where the old company ceased their j operations. A new shaft had to be sunk, and a long drive to be made, and, owing to the heavy rush of water, additional pumping power had to be obtained in order to strike the spot aimed at ; but on reaching it, out of the first bucket of stuff two ounces of gold was ob tained, and in the next keg that was sent up upwards, of ten ounces, besides specimens. The capital of the company is almost entirely sub scribed by Maryborough investors, and it most be highly satisfactory to them to learn that the prospects which induced them to enter upon the enterprise have been so fully verified, and are so full of future promise. A Private match came off on the race course on Thursday, between Mr. Halliday's Fig Tree and Mr, Reading's Flying Scud, for £5 a-side, owners up, distance two miles or twice round the course, each horse to carry 14 stone. Mr. M. S. Walsh acted as starter and Mr. Keunelly as judge. Both horses got away well together and a pretty race ensued. For. the first time round Flying Scud was slightly leading, at the bacs of the course Mr. Halliday called on Fig Tree but it was evident that both horde and rider had done their best. Mr. Reading came in an easy winner on Flying Scud. The clearing of the race course is a I great improvement as it is now possible to follow the horses with the eye from the stand all round the course. An elopement in humble life, the Rock hampton Btilletiu is informed, occurred on Suniay night or Monday morning. It appears that a man re-iding not many miles from Rockhampton with his wife, had a male ac quaintance, who, it is to be presumed, took an opportunity of pressing his vile suit with tbe woman, and persuading her to elope with him. Unfortunately she consented to go, and the pair, after stripping the husband of all his money — some hundred pounds or so — and several valuable rings, managed to make their escape unperceived, at the time above stated. Before leaving they persuaded their victim to take an undue qnantity of whiskey under the nlea of keening no tbe male delinquent's birth day, and thus they the more easily effected their purpose. | 