ARRIVAL OF THE IMMIGRANT SHIP REICHSTAG. (Maryborough Chronicle.) THIS vessel, after a run of 90 days from Hamburg, arrived in Hervey's Bay on the 18th instant. The Health officer (R. B. Sheridan, Esq.), having spoken the vessel, and found that there had been disease of a contagious nature on board during the voyage, considered-as a matter of precaution — it would be advisable to detain the passengers for a few days before landing. On Wednesday last, the medical offi- cer (Dr Power) reported that no contagious disease then existed, and the Health officer re- leased the ship the following day. On Thurs- day, the Immigration Agent (George Faircloth, Esq.) visited the vessel, and the immigrants were yesterday brought to town by the A.S.N. Co.'s steamer Governor Blackall. The passengers comprise 57 married couples, 101 single men, 63 single women, 87 children, and 16 infants. The mortality during the passage has been very heavy, thirty-six deaths having occurred. From the list we publish below, and the sur- geon-superintendent's report, it will be seen that the mortality was chiefly confined to the children, and the causes, as explained by the surgeon-superintendent, seem to show that no contagious disease existed to any alarming ex- tent at any time during the voyage. The im- migrants who have been admitted to the depot appear to be healthy and cheerful, and the boxes which accompanies each would demon- strate that the new arrivals are not entirely destitute. A woman named Ane Hanson, aged 39 years, mysteriously disappeared during the passage, supposed to have jumped overboard. She was a patient at the time in the hospital under treatment for hysteria, and had more than once expressed a wish to her companions to be rid of her life. Whilst the steamer was com- ing up the river, a woman named Petersen died from debility, the result of dysentery. We regret to state that eight immigrants had to be conveyed to the hospital immediately upon the arrival of the steamer; they consisted of six women and two men, all said to be suffering from the same kind of debility. One of the number, a man named Christian Hellstad, aged 45 years, died an hour after his admission. We called last night at the hospital, but the wards- man either would not, or could not, supply us with any information as to the state of the pa- tients or their names, alleging, as an excuse, that they were Germans, and could not speak English. We humbly call the attention of the Hospital Committee to the state of these unhappy invalids, and crave in the name of humanity, that the Benevolent fund may be again taxed to supply a suitable nurse and interpreter. The Immigration Agent was most particular in enquiring from each passenger whether he or she had any complaints to make, and it is most satisfactory to find that the captain and officers were general favorites, and the few complaints made against the doctor were very trivial. We may here mention that this is the third trip the Reichstag has made to the colony with immigrants under the command of Captain Hauschildt. DEATHS ON BOARD THE SHIP REICHSTAG. Henrietta Brunke, aged 2 years, diarrhoea, Johann Blum, 2, scarlet fever; Robert Blum, 1, diarrhoea; Elise Grell, aged 3, mumps; Hansine Hansen, aged 1, diarrhoea, Al- bertine Hablazel, 9, meningitis spinalis; Jacob Hablazel, 1, diarrhoea; Anna Holst, 3, diarrhoea ; Johan Holstad, 8, dysentery ; Hanna Jousson, 25, dysentery and miscarriage ; Jeus Jousson, 1, diarrhoea ; Maren Johansen, 3, diarrhoea ; Bertha Kattenberg, 6 months, bron- chitis; Jacob Kung, 41, typhoid fever; Nis Kasse, 2, bronchitis; Olma Larsen, 7, scarlet fever and mumps, Mina Larsen, 2, scarlet fever and mumps, Maren Lindholt, 28, con- sumption ; Henrich Maag, 7, mumps ; Wilhelm Neilson, 1, stomatitis; Alivine Fauke, 5, men- ingitis ; Jeus Petersen, 17, inflammation of the lungs; Peter Petersen, 1, diarrhoea; Christen Petersen, 22, typhoid fever; Albert Pommeren- ing, 2, diarrhoea; Jorgen Rasmussen, 1, diar- rhoea ; Herman Schoth, 1, diarrhoea ; Julius Schmidthe, 2, diarrhoea; Afra Stoll, 38, puer peral fever; Barbara Stoll, 6, meningitis ; Ana Carlsen, 3, diarrhoea; Caroline Carlsen, 1, diarrhoea; Hanna Davidson, 9, scarlet fever; Freddie Davidson, 2, bronchitis, diarrhoea; Christian List, 1, diarrhoea; Toren Petersen, 1, diarrhoea; Bertha Schutz, 5, dysentery; Ulrike Schutz, 3, mumps ; Hans Ch. Luehe, 17, typhoid fever. SURGEON-SUPERINTENDENT'S REPORT (We are indebted to Dr Conradi for the fol- lowing report on the sanitary condition of the vessel during the voyage.) ln the passage of the Reichstag from Ham - burg to this colony, two different periods are visible, showing human life to be entirely de- pendent upon the overwhelming influence of nature. From the start, on April 16, up to the end of the month of May, while fine weather and a pleasant temperature were prevailing, but little sickness raged, not spreading much beyond the original limits of the cases which, apparently, were already infected on shore. A few babies died, some in consequence of the general imprudence and bad habits of the lower classes in all countries, combined, in some in- stances, with neglect and carelessness, aris- ing from sea sickness and the unwonted way of living. From the latter date the transition into the cold regions took place rapidly, the winds were growing stronger and un- friendly, turning at last into furious storms, with extremely frequent downpours of rain, alternating with mist and fogs, and an un- toward state of the atmosphere. At once the leaven of sickness began its work, and to assume greater demeanor. During the most of the month of June, and the first part of July, while the passengers could hardly move on deck without getting wet through, and the women and children were kept down below for weeks, the majority of the passengers (over 200) got ill, of whom more than the half so seriously as to be confined to their beds. Children of the more tender ages, to whom exercise and liberty are as indispensable as food and air, fell victims to the rapacity of death in the first instance, and furnished two thirds of all the lamentable events which sub- sequently happened during that time. Scarlet fever and disease of the bowels in its various forms of diarrhoea, and dysentery made their appearance, and typhoid fever became prevalent among the adults. As soon as finer weather set in, when on the longitude of Cape Leeuwin, the state of health began to improve, as far as fresh cases are concerned; the list of patients began gradually to decrease, and the stronger recovered rapidly enough. The passengers would certainly have emerged from such cala- mity with less damage had they followed more strictly the medical advice tendered to them, and put less confidence in nonsensical family remedies of their own. The most essential conditions of health, as regards cleanliness and ventilation, were, however, fulfilled by them even during the roughest parts of the voyage most willingly, and as frequently as possible. No bad smells or foul air were ever allowed to add to the hardships which had befallen the vessel, and it thus happened that with the in- clemency of the weather the virulence of the disease disappeared. That some ultimately fell victims to the great hardships they had endured is not surprising. The married people and single girls are half German and half Danish, with a few Scandi- navians, and the majority of the single men are Danes. 