three weeks visited Caltowie to wrm iaeir own opinion upon the quality of the land, and having done so they on Monday, 4ta August, sent in their applications. In nearly every instance they had to submit to com petition, and at auction prices ranging from £2 03. tid. to £3 0s. 6dL an acre had to be paid. Such a result, clearly due to the limited choice offered to applicants, will no doubt be regarded in some quarters as highly satisfactory, bat to us it wears altogether a different aspect. Not only have a number of those who have visited Caltowie had their trouble, loss of time, and expense for their pains, but others have been forced to pw an altogether extravagant price for their land -or rather have been forced to offer auch a price-for whether it will answer their purpose to pay_ the whole of the purchase-money is a question which the future alone can decide. At all events it may safely be said that £3 an acre is altogether too hi3h a rate for the Govem ipent to exact from the buyers of ordinary agricultural land. It is true that a number of sections were also offered on Monday on toe Black Rock Plains and at Pekina; but for these there was very little competition, farmers Icing indisposed to go upon the land there when they have the chance of obtaining selections nearer to an avail able port. We hope the present Com missioner of Crown Lands, who ha* undertaken to administer the Act with strict impartiality, *& pay more regard t - the requirements of the public and tas exigencies of settlement than Mr. Cavenagn. has sho.vn. We may remark that our attention has been specially called to tn-.a matter by some of those who have gone to great trouble and expense to obtain holdings in Caltowie, and have so far been unsac cessfuL _ A New In orsnrv.- Although the ques tion of adding cork making to the list of our native industries has often been favourably spoken of, we are not aware that any attempt has ever l-een made in the colony to give practical t tlt-et to tbe discussion. It is well known that in some parts of the colony— the Mount Lofty Ranges in particular— the corkoak s,towb with extraordinary luxuriance; but whether the suitability of the bark for manufacture into cai article of trade, which has assumed considerable importance in connection with the colonial wine interest, has ever been tested we are unable to say. It appears that in the adjoining colony cork cutting in all its branches has been fully established, and we commend the question of introducing the industry here to the attention of the Chamber of Manufactures. In a recent issue of the Melbourne A'j' appears the following: — 'Rather Ies3 than three years since Mr. J. F. Milton, a practical cork-cutter, landed in the colon}-, and at once commenced opera tions at Sandridge. Prior to that time all corks used in the colon}- had been imported, and some two or three Melbourne firms were largely interested in the continuance of the trade. Mr. Milton, therefore, found serious opposition, and it was gravely stated that cork-cutting could never be made to pay in Victoria, even though an import duty of 90 per cent, were to be imposed. However, Mr. Milton and his partner, Mr. Mitchell, have pers -vered, and have now permanently established themselves. Lately they have found that their rapidly-growing busine33 required mure central premises, and they have i-pouvd a workshop in Post- Ofiice-pIace, where crk-cutticg in all its branches may be sctn, and corks for all purposes pur chased frnm the minikin of 1-llith of an inch in riumeter to the bung 12 inches across. The tinn have also introduced a new feature, aud imsaibly if it were more widely known our street arabs would diligently pick up all the used corks that are thrown into the streets and float down the channels. By some process these corks are cleansed and restored to their fnll bulk before compression ; even the waste corks out of champagne bottles that have one ind condensed to a diameter of three-eighths of an inch are put through the process, and become perfect cylinders of about an inch in diameter. In fact, old corks of all kind3, after a little manipulation and recutting, become as good-looking and are as service able as they were when new. This is a valuable addition to the manual Labour of the colony, for although machinery ha3 been made for the purpose of cutting corks, it has never yet succeeded, and the amount of labour required to produce a gross of corks may be understood from the fact that between 1,000 and 1,100 distinct cuts are required for that number. Messrs. Milton and Mitchell took the medal for first prize at the Metropolitan International Exhibition at Sydney, and also the first-class silver medal at* the International Exhibition held here/' ClIfllXILV IX ElliOPE AND ASIEIUCA. — This fell disease, after having pretty well run its course in Russia and some other parts of Europe, has made its appearance in America. Strange to say, it has chosen Tennessee, a midland State, as the scene of its operations, and is reported to be making considerable progress. With characteristic brevity, how ever, the telegraph which gives us this infor mation omits to give particulars a3 to the supposed cause of the outbreak, or as to the mortality which it has entailed. Among to- day's European messages will be found one repeating a notification that the cholera has gained entrance into Great Britain. It 'was reported a week ago that the disease had shown itself in East London, and some anxiety being naturally felt upon the subject, Renter's agents in Melbourne, after a few days' interval, telegraphed for further de tails. The report, it will be seen, i3 of a reassuring character. It proves that whilst there has been an outbreak of the malady, nothing has occurred to justify the broad statement as to its presence in London. Two emigrants on board a Danish vessel on the way to New Zealand have been attacked, and as a precautionary measure the passengers and ship's company have been placed under medical care. This, it seems, is the only ground for the report. An early message wil probably bring the news that the disorder, thns casually introduced into England, has been effectually stamped out The Cable.— We learn that the Cable Com pany's staff at Banjoewangie have recovered from the effects of dengue fever, and that the usual hours of working are now resumed at that office. JouttSEVMEX Bittchebs. — A large number of men engaged in the butchering trade met at the London Inn, Flinders-street, on Monday, Aug. 4, at 8 p.m., to receive the report of a Com mittee previously appointed to prepare a code of rules ior the regulation of a proposed Journey men Butcher's Association. Mr. Powell presided, and there were over 50 tradesmen present. The Secretary, Mr. Byrne, read the draft regula tions, from which it appeared that the primary object of the movement was to secure a reduc tion in the hours of labour. It was proposed that the working hours should be from 6 a.m. to. 6 p.m., and that no work should be per formed on Sunday; also that in the case of a pressure of business the employes should be paid at per hour for overwork. It was intended to establish a fund by means of a small sub scription for the relief of workmen in cases of accident or sickness. The rules were considered seriatim, and, withsometrivialamendments, were adopted. It was resolved to convene another meeting, at which all the employers should be invited to attend, when the whole scheme would be submitted to them for their information and approval. The proceedings then closed. A Nabbow Escape.— On July 26, a man named Evans, who had been travelling with sheep from the Darling District, was taken into the Burra Hospital suffering from a severe shaking. Ha had camped with sheep on the banks of Baldina Creek, and during the evening in walking round accidentally walked over a precipice and fell 50 feet into the bed of the creek, which was fortunately dry. Strangely enough not a bone was broken, nor could any severe bruise be seen, the injury he sustained apparently being internal. Under the care of Dr. Care, aad with good nursing, he is now recovering. Pboposed New Scholarship.— At a meeting of St. Peter's Collegians, over which Mr. Fred. Ayers presided, on Monday, August 4, in Queen's- Chambers, it was unanimously decided to found a Scholarship for Natural Science, in memory of their late Master, Mr. C. W. May, instead of erecting a memorial window in the College Chapel, as was intended some short time ago. TheCommittee were requested to take steps to raise the amount necessary to carry out the resolution. About £150 will be required, and half of this sum is already in the hands of the Treasurer. To accomplish the desired object there need be little difficulty, as many scholars will probably double their subscription, and others who have not subscribed yet will be glad of an opportunity of showing- their appreciation of a favourite master. Adelaide Bootmakers' Co-operative So ciety. — An adjourned meeting of journeymen bootmakers was held at the Thistle Inn, Way mouth-street, Adelaide, on Monday evening, August 4. There were about 40 tradesmen present, and Mr. M. J. Stapleton presided. The Chairman explained that the meeting was called to receive the report of a Committee appointed on a previous occasion to prepare the prospectus of a Co-operative Society upon the principles of like Associations in England and elsewhere in accordance with the resolutions then passed. lie read the proposed prospectus, from which it appeared that it was intended to establish a Society to be incorporated under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act of 1864, the Association to consist of an unlimited number of shares, the liability per share to be limited to £1, payable by an entrance-fee of 2s. b'd., 2s. 6d. deposit, and 6d. per week; no shareholder, excepting a tradesman, to hold more than 20 shares, they being able to hold 50 shares, each shareholder to have one vote only. The objects were to purchase machinery, tools, &c;, to carry on the business of boot and shoe manufacturing. The principle on which the Society was proposed to be based was the division of profits equally between capital, labour, and customers. The Society to be considered formed when 500 shares have been subscribed for, The prospectus was discussed in detail, the principal points debated being as to the advisability of restricting the shares to the boot and shoe trade only, the voting power of one vote ne matter how many shares held, and the payment of the instalments en the share*-. The report of the Committee stated that the co-operative system had been success* fully worked throughout America, England, and Scotland. In the two last-named countries there were over 400,000 shareholders, with about two million customers. The subscribed capital amounted to three millions sterung, and the profits of last year were £662,991. In Victoria ±'3,195 had recently been divided amongst the shareholders. The prospectus as amended was passed, and it was resolved that it should be advertised for general information. A Chair» man, Secretary, Treasurer, and Committee were appointed to act until the Society was formed, when a general meeting will be called. Votes of thanks to the Chairman and the representative of the Register closed the proceedings. Loss of the Cutter Secret.— We have leen informed that ths cutter Secret, Signs, master, belonging to Mr. Watherstone, of Port Linco1*!, was totally wrecked on Sunday, July 20, upon a reef about five miles northward of Poiut Bolinar broke. The craft left Louth Bay about 7.30 a.m. on Sunday, with four or five tons of cargo for Tunby Bay, and between 3 and 1 p.m. her keel touched a reef not shown on tbe charts. There being a strong current the vessel canted round, and the anchor was got out in the hope of heaving her off; but the falling tide prevented this being done, and in about a quarter of an hour she commenced to fill. Besides the master theid were on board a passenger and two hands. No time was lost in getting some provisions, papers, the coaipass, ic, into a boat which was towing astern, and ten minutes after the party left the cutter, she capsized and filled. The boat was pulled to the shore, a distance of about a mile, and the passenger undertook to proceed to Port Lincoln for assistance. The master and one man returned to the cutter, and succeeded in getting away the sails. A camp was made on the shore for tbe night, and next day they went again, and saved some spars, blocks, &c;, and founi that the port side had parted from the starboard close to the keelson. On the following day the sea was too heavy for the boat to again visit the Secret, and on Wednesday the Alterna tive arrived with the owner and the Receiver of Wrecks. The mast was then got out, and some of the cargo was picked up. With these the party returned to Port Lincoln. An official re port of the event will of course bo forwarded to the Marine Board. The cutter Secret was of 20 tons burden, and was purchased in HobartTown for the pilot service, but was sold on the pilots discontinuing to cruise in the Gulf, and changed hands two or three times prior to being pur chased by Mr. Watherstone. New Coixs.— In the present dearth of mining excitement brokers have been driven to their wits' end as well for occupation or amusement with which to while away the dismal hours. History records the fact that Xerxe3 offered a reward to any one who would invent him a new pleasure, and the Exchangemongers have not been backward in imitating the ancientfs example, but the response came quicker than it was expected. It is on the record that some sharp-witted fellow sent over to Sydney for five pounds' worth of new farthings, and that on their arrival here he disposed of them to various brokers at a penny each, thus pocketing £15 by the transaction. The buyers in their turn had ? an immense amount of fun over the miniature, coins, which, as they resembled half-sovereigns, they were frequently successful in passing off as gold. One of the more daring is reported U have gone into a certain Bank and throwing down one of the said farthings asked for changi. The teller handed lfls. in return, and threw tie bright coin inte the golden till. It is but justice to tho_ fraternity to state that in this and in other instances they undeceived the pecple whom they at first gulled. There still, howerer, remains to their debit the cruel practice which they adopted of pitching the coins to the various Evening Journal and Express vendors with the remark, 'There, my boy, is a half- sovereign for vou'— a statement which was believed till the lads found out that brokers, like themselves, are addicted to arts of deception. BRmSH- AUSTRALIAS TfiLEGRArH COMPANY, Limited.— The number of telegrams trans mitted through this Comoany's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending' Saturday, Aug. 2, was divided as follows: — Sent from the Sent to the Colonies. Colonies. South Australia ? 16 13 Victoria ? 33 37 New South Wales ... 26 30 Queensland ? 2 5 Tasmania ? 2 1 New Zealand ? — 4 Totals ? 79 90 Grand total, 169. Adfxaide Nobthbbn Territory Prospect ing Compant.— In reply to a telegram sent to Mr. Thos. Burgan, asknig ' How many claims have you, and where situated,' the following was received:— 'Three; situated south end John Bull line of reef, 12 miles west of Yam Creek on telegraph line, and six miles south-east from Howley Crossing; Nos. 1, 3, and 5 north from Springbett's Prospecting Claim; registered numbers, Hallack's, 341; Cosenss', 337; Herbert's, 338. Gold on Hallack's; others untried; specimens quartz Omeo.' The Northern Tebbitobt axd Kapusda Pbospectdjg Vkstubb. — Mr. J. Small, the Secretary «f this Company, informs us that telegrams sent on Monday, August 4, from Yam Creek by the Ioeal Director and leader of the prospecting party anneunee that six and a half claims taken by them on the John Bull Beef have opened very rich, and a new reef dis covered 1G miles north of Yam Creek has splendid prospects. Equity Court.— The Primary Judge will mt this morning at the usual time. Entertainment.— We are desired to call attention to an announcement of an entertain ment in aid of the Organ Fund of St. Andrew's Church, Walkerville. Sporting.— As announced elsewhere, a con veyance will leave Hill & Co.'s Booking-Office on Wednesday morning in time for the throw-off bf the hounds at Morphett Vale. The Late Murder,— On Monday afternoon, August 4, a meeting, convened by advertisement in the morning papers, was held at Ford's Hotel, Port Adelaide, the Eev. S. Green presiding, to consider what steps ought to be taken to ex press substantial sympathy with the widow of the late Captain Withecombe. It was at first proposed to build an elaborate monument over the late captain's wave, and forward to his relict a photograph of the memorial, but upon consideratioi it was deemed more desirable to place a simple slab over the grave, and send to his bereaved widow a handsame amount. Mr. Green was appointed Treasurer and Mr. A. S. Neill Secretary, while the Committee appointed were as folows:— Captains Bickers, Baillie, Lockyer, Jick, Barron, Begg, Ramsay, and Johnson, Messrs. J. Formby, W. R. Cave Neill, and Bennett, with power to add to the number. An expression of regret at the ab sence of the ship's agents, Messre. Levi & Co., was recorded, as well as a vote of thanks to Sergeant Doyle for the careful and attentive manner in which the funeral of the deceased had been provided for and arranged. Sub scription-lisx were opened and liberally headed, so that prolably with little exertion it will be shown that South Australia can materially befriend the bereaved. Mr. Tojkta'Son's Speech.— Mr. Tomkinson complains cf an omission in our report of his speech at tie opening of the Booyoolee Meat Works, aud supplies it as follows:— 'In refer ring to the iicidents which affected Mr. Herbert Hughes's inloinitable efforts it was necessary to allude to certain historical acts of my frieads, Messrs. Glyle, Goyder, and Strangways; but I expressly stated it was done without any unkindly feding, and that out of evil good had resulted.' Air Gas.— It has been suggested to us that at the present Jime, when the public mind is some what exerceed on the subject of rival Gas Companies iand the prices charged for light, perhaps thj following extract from a recent English nevspaper may not be without interest for some naders:— 'The ' Kromschroder gas,' as it is called— an air gas invented by a German gentleman of that name — has an illuminating power as coipared with coal gas of five to three. Its manufadure is without trouble, its storage without daiger, and it has not the offensive smell of orqnary gas. It is in successful opera tion at Gteat Slarlow, in Buckinghamsnire, where a large party of scientific gentlemen were invited on Saturday. May 17, 1873, to receive from Mr. Eromsjhroder an explanation of the inven tion and vitness its working. The apparatus for the manufacture of the air gas is an iron box about the aze of an ordinary loo- table, on the top of which is a double-action air-pump, and at the bottocd a supply of hydro-carbon and an absorbent naterial. The hydro-carbon is petro leum, and ipto the receptacle which contains it the air-puap forces the atmospheric air. A combination immediately takes place with the lightest parts of the hydro-carbon given off by the absorbent material, and the air gas, now an accomjUshed fact, passes through a pipe into the gasholder. No retorts and no purifiers are required, lut the gas is instantly ready for use with a 25, 26*, or 27 candle-ppwer. At a dinner which the 'company, including Mr. Wethered, M.P., partook of at the Complete Angler before returning to town, illustrations of the difference,' between coal gas and air gas were given. Hr. Hastings having previously left instruction at the Gas Works to change the supply t) the town at certain intervals from coal gas to air gas and back again, the sudden variationwhen they occurred left no doubt on the minis of the visitors of the superiority of Kromschroder's air 'gas. The powsr appeared to be atleast double, the light was very white, steady, and cheerful, and was pronounced by every ode to be a great success. Among its advantages are to be noted that it can be used in the ; present gaspipes ; it removes _ the corrosim caused by the coal gas, and if a a escape icenrs there is no inflammability, because the atnospheiic air in the gas immediately Mjparaies itself from it, combines with its old associate, and destroys the power of combus tion. {If stored it deteriorates only to the extentof 2i per cent., whereas coal gas is said to degiHerate 50 per cent. The smallest towns and -dilates can at very small expense be suppltd with it, and even private dwellings can have &eir; own gasometer.' fFrom yesterday's Evening Journal.] Inspector, of Police.— There is a report enrnnt that Mr. Bee, the Inspector of Police, has lesiiined, but we believe such is not the case. He las, however, requested the Government to transfer him to some other branch of the ser vice] but no decision has been arrived at in the mafeer. Northern Territory Gold Fields.— On Satirday evening Mr. W. Malcolm, of Gawler, recjived the following teleeram, d&ted; 2nd Ai«ust, from Yam Creek : — ' Wescott's, Wim's, Neate's, Kapunda's, Port Darmn's— mm all working; good show. Standards, Liiiise's— little done; good prospects.' Eliding Rock.— Mr. H. Turner, the town Secretary of this Company, has received the flowing telegram:—' Cut the malleable lode tt 26 fathom-level from engine shaft. Malleable lougher than it was in the shallower levels, fributors at work. Mine improving fast.' I Vehicle Mishap.— As Mrs. S. Coombe, of Brompton, and her two sons were on Saturday bvening driving home from Adelaide, when turn ing the comer of the Lower North-road, near the Farmers' Arms, Bowden, their horse took fright at a light in a yard opposite, and they were thrown violently out of the conveyance. They escaped with a few scars and bruises, but the horse continued its course, and having come into contact with the hotel lamp post damaged the vehicle considerably. The Eight Hours' PLAX.—On Monday morn ing, August 4, at the Adelaide locomotive and carriage departments of the South Australian Railways the eight hours' system came into operation. The working time begins at 7.30 am., and at noon an hour is allowed for dinner, and labour ceases at 5 p.m. from Monday to Friday. On Saturdays there will ba no interval for refreshment, but work will step at 1 p.m. The Future of Mount Gambier.— We have been favoured with the fallowing extract from the letter of an agent at Mount Gambier, ad dressed to Messrs. Baynton & Pizey of this city: — ' I really think that we are at last on the eve of a change. Immense preparations will be made in November next for the potato-crop, and it is estimated that if we have no summer fiosts that 50.C0O tons of the edible will be ready for ex port Unfortunately, the light lands in the Mouats Gambier and Caroline are not fitted for potatoes, or they would be eagerly taken up at payi»g rates to the owners. On a very small scale I was the first to discover that the potato was formerly planted at the wrong season, and that in consequence of the fre quency of summer rains the root could be grown best in the summer time. It will be scarcely possible to over- estimate the importance of this fact, and its influence on the welfare of the district. The plot I tried for experiment, though only about 25 yards by 15, yielded at the rat* of 12 tons to the acre. A few years ago-inieed about two- the potato was looked upon as a crop to be shunned. In connection with it, it must be remembered that the early part of ±e season wfll grow hay, and the root afterwards from the same land. On a small scale, with aid of manure, I have seen on one plot turnips put in early in March after that green feeT which can be cut at least twice, or let stand for hay; then a potato crop with splendid yield, and all withia 12 months. 'When one looks at these facts it is a sourceof wonder what mad infatuation is making (or has been) the people rush to Horsham, He. I have no dotbt that this cheap system of ob tainirg freeholds adopted by the \ictonan Government is however one, and perhapsthe greatest, cause. This is essentially the district for farming, but it must be done by mea having capital. The continued wheat growing was a mistake, and the application of the error (by bad fanners without sufficient capital) to this splendid district has beea the cause of the loss and disappointment to those who have invested money.' ASSISTED IMMIGRATION. A day or two ago we published a telegram trom Sydney, notifying that Sir Charles Cowperhad completed his arrangements in England for promoting emigration to New South Wales. The promptitude and energy which the Sydney Govern ment and their Agent - General have 3hown in this matter contrasts most favourably with the conduct of the South Australian authorities. A very few months— at the outside five— have elapsed since the Parliamenb of the neighbouring colony passed a vote for the resumption of immigration upon the assisted principle. Grave doubts were expressed in many quarters as to whether such a system would be effective ; but instead of allowing them selves to be swayed by these, the Ministry took immediate stepa to put the matter to the test. Instructions were at once forwarded to Sir Charles Cowper, who with equal alacrity set about carrying them into effect. The last mail from Great Britain brought out encouraging reports as to the progress he was making, and now it appears he has secured and brought into proper working order all necessary appliances for selecting and forwarding emigrants. The issue of the operations thug vigo rously entered upon by New South Wales will be watched with interest by all the colonies. Had her Government been suffi ciently alive to their responsibilities South luBtralia would have taken the field weeks Wore the older province. Instead of bringing up the rear, as she must] now be cmtent to do, she might have had well organized agencies at work distributing in formation respecting her resources and seating forth the special advantages offered by her to men of moderate means. It is, hoTever, useless for us now to sit down idly and bewail the remissness of the past. Altiough we have allowed another com petitor to get the start of us, the sphere of action is not bo contracted that the dread of being outbid need deter us from entering into the contest. The true policy for us ie to exert ourselves to the utmost to make up for lost time. With this view the first duty of the Ministry will be to follow the example of New South Wales, and make provision at home for the ?election and dispatch of a regular stream of suitable immigrants. Whether the Agent General has already been instructed to bear the requirements of the future in mind in any steps he may take to obtain the two ship loads of labourers already ordered, we do not know ; but that is a point which should not be overlooked. The circumstances of the colony are such that a well-organized Emi gration Department at home is a matter of absolute necessity. Whether it be placed under the control of Mr. Dutton or upon an entirely independent footing is not for us to sayj but if the colony is to make headway in competing for population a central office in London, with branch offices in various parts of the United Kingdom and, of the Continent, will be indispensable. The expense of maintaining such an establishment will be con siderable, but only through its means can we hope to obtain the. class of immigrants we require. The present Ministry have shown themselves ready to push forward the work of immigration, and it is to be hoped they will not shrink from giving effect £ the views expressed by the Treasurer upoa the subject of appointing lecturers and sub agents in Europe. It is a fact, attested by no end of credible witnesses, that to tho great majority of persons in England South Australia is a mere Urra incoynita. A few of the upper classes are acquainted with its whereabouts, but the lower orders as a rule have scarcely ever heard of its existence. It is in removing the misappre hension and ignorance that prevail, and in opening out to hundreds of small farmers and well-to-do labourers who feel fk-^- «' energies cramped at home the prospect 0^'' an easily-acquired competency, if not actual affluence in this province, that the services of lecturers can be advantageously enlisted, We need hardly point out, however, that the success of the lecturing experiment will entirely depend upon the kind of men chosen to conduct it. Some of the rumours that have got abroad as to the peidona likely io be selected are too preposterous to be credited. If there is ouo mau more unsuited to the post than another it is. the mere spouter— the man wh-j can ad dress large audiences more fluently than hw fellows, but whose career as a colonist has been an egregious failure. Fluency of speech is not a qualification to be despised, but the great desideratum is to obtain mon of intelligence and character, who arc able and willing to do the work of private can vassing as well as public speaking. If they have themselves achieved some amount of success in the colony so much the better, for it will give additional weight to any representations they may make as to the advantages of emigration. The functions of. sub-agents will in some respects be similar to those of lecturers, but they will not be expected to travel about or do more than recommend South Australia as an eligible home for those anxious to obtain more elbow room. One other method of making the require ments and attractions of the colony known in Great Britain has been brought uuder our notice by a correspondent, who modestly requests that hia name should be concealed. It is not the first time the matter has been illuded to, but it is none tUo lesa worthy of. attention at the pteBcnt }uuett\tc. lu ior warding a copy of a Sherhorae journal, con taining a letter sent home by himself, the ?writer points out that ' aubacribars to English provincial papers could by writing to the editora of those papers aliow to working men the advantages of this colony, and induce many thrifty persons to mako sacri fices to come here. 1 think,' he continues, 'if letters were more frequently sent containing information as to rates of wages, prices of necessaries, and 80 forth, they would prove a oliuap way of advertising South Australia, in they would be more generally read tiuu liauil books, and would when read bo in no relied upon by persons acquainted with tho writers. I believe there are thousands iu tho vVust of England who would gladly repay tit-* greater part, if not the whole, of their puuagu* money by authorizing their ihupioyera to hand over to the Government 10 y\i: cent, of their wages. Uuder this Bystum the money required to cover the cost of the passages would practically be a loan, and free immigration would be unnecessary.' Our correspondent pro ceeds to show that iu order to give effect to this plan and prevent evasion, carefully prepared rules and an active organization will be essential. Ko doubt of it ; and so they will be under any system of emigration that may be adopted. If we aro not pre pared to go to large expense and trouble in procuring emigrants we must be content to go without them, or to have palmed off upon us tho offscourings of the crowded populations of Europe. In the case of free emigration indeed, however vigilant may be the agents appointed to protect the interests of the colony, the risk of having unuaitable persons sent out is too great to be incurred, except in cases of peculiar urgency. It has been stated by Sir Henry Ayers that the coat to the State o£ bringing out assisted or nominated immi grants iB almost if not quite as great as that of bringing out persons supplied with free* passage certificates. We have not the means ? at hand for checking this statement, but assuming it to be true it is no argument against assisted immigration. The question is not so much one of expense as of efficiency, and we maintain that in the ordinary courBB of things a far more reliable class of colonists is to be obtained through the assisted than through the free system. There are times, like the present, when the rule against freo immigration may be relaxed, but even then it can only be wisely and safely done to a moderate extent. Land Selection ijj the Koiitii.— During the period in which Mr. Cayenagh held the position of Acting Commissioner of Crown Lands we more than once called attention to the utter inadequacy of the Bupply of land available for selection in the North. We pointed out that in favourite locali ties the few sections that were surveyei and brought into the market were for the most part eagerly snapped np at extreme rates, the applicants frequently running each other up at limited auction to £3, or even a higher price per acre. The representations then made produced very little effect. Week after week the G'autCe appeared without . any reference to the throwing open of additional land in the North uttal in process of time the quantity available for purchase upon credit there was reduced within very narrow limits. When at length fresh areas were advertised, the number of sections offered was very small, particularly in those parts to which of late settlement has largely tended. In the Hundred of Caltowie, for instance, which we are assured still contains large blocks of unsold land well adapted for agriculture, only fifty sections, comprising an aggregate of less than 14,600 acres, of which several thousand acres are of an inferior character, were proclaimed open for selection. The unfairness of this peddling policy to would-be bona fide purchasers is clearly illustrated by what has taken place. A large number of persons— farmers and others— have during the past two or 