Latest from |£uropc by Cable t [tiie associated press TELEQEAMs ] London, July 31.—There has been a serious outbreak of Asiatic cholera in East London. The Pope has received twenty-two Bishops nominated at the recent Consistory, and reiterated the excommunication of Freemasons. Mr. Fitzjames Stephen is the successor of Sir G. Jessel as Solicitor-General. Shortly after the committee of the Assembly had voted in favour of the Commercial Treaty with England, an adjournment to November took place. In a message to the National Assembly, President MncMahoa answers for the maintenance of order, deprecates undue national manifestations on the occasion of the evacuation of French territory by the last of the German troops, and states that the establishment of peace is the first nccessnry. discount, per cent. London, August 1.—A discussion took place in the House of Commons on Ministerial Itesponsibility, in consequence of Mr. Ayrton repudiating tlia responsibility of tbc Board of Works for the alteration of an estimate by the Treasurer. Mr. Gladstone disagreed with the dictum laid down by Mr. Aryton. Parliament stands adjourned till Tuesday. The King of Saxony is reported to berecorer- In the House of Commons, Mr. G. Sclater- Booth criticised the management of the Treasury. Tbe Bight Hon. R. Lowe promised that henceforth regularity and order should prevail. The appointment of Mr. Stephens to succeed Sir George Jcs⪙ as Solicitor-General has not been confirmed. Tbe grant for an additional £10,000 a year to the Duke of Edinburgh on l'.is marriage was brouebt before the House of Commons. The motion was carried, with 18 dissentients. The Goodwood Cup was won by Flageolet, 1, Faronius, 2, Gremorne, 3. The insurgents are burning Seville with petroleum ; -and an insurgent squadron consisting of five gunboats and two frigates are bombarding the port of Almeriain Andalusia. Tbe insurgents at Carthagena have formed a Ministry; and are negotiating with those of Talcntia. Do a Carlos has entered Biscay. The insurgent troops are in possession of (Seville. Cholera is spreading in Tennessee. London, August 2.—The Bank of England rate of discount remains at 3|per cent Copper of all .kinds is quiet. Australian is quoted at £86 .to 8? for catli. Tin is steady. Straits slab, £130. Best sides of Australian leather sell at 12d. to ISd. per lb. Hides are steady at 6f«l. per lb. for first heavy and <3|d.per lb. for Jbest light. The Bev. George T. Perks, M.A., has been elected President of tbe Wcslvan Methodist Conference for the ensuing year." \- The mmour that cholera bad broken oat a week ago was contradicted, hut two cases hare since occurred among some Danish immigrants en route for New Zealand, and ihe whole of the pally haye been placed nnder medical care. % A. -pew. Egyptain . loan is announced of £32,000,000. London, August 4.—A Hailwa/ :accident, which caused the death of fourteen personB, has. occnredat Wigan. The.EngliBh, Frenoh, ani German Naval commanders bare agreed to prevent excesses by Spsqish insurgent war ships. Jjondon. Auguit 6,-—Parli&m.ent; has been prorogued. In che Speech delirered so (tie occasion, her Mdjesty thanked the Legislature for the loyal ptocoptitudb wilh Mrichit-had made provision for the approaehmg marriage bf H. H, fl. the Duke of Edinburgh with the Grand Duchess Maria of Eussia and trusted that the union will proye to be a new tie of amity btween Ecgland and two great empires who ere otnsng the first offoreign Powers. Reference ia made to the successful termination of tbe> mission of Sir Bartle Frere to Zanzibar, and to the new commercial treaty which jbai been entered into with France. It iB also mentioned in the'Speech that extradition treaties hare been entered into witb Italy, Denmark, Sweden, and Brazil; and that negotiations are proceeding for bimilar agreements with other States. The Speeeh further alludes to the liberality of the Houseof Commons in enabling the Government to .promptly meet the claims of America consequent on the Geneva award. .The measures of the session are then enumerated, and it is stated that the revenue is fully answering the expectations of the Chancellor ot the Exchequer, although the activity of trade is somewhat restrained by the general condition of the people, which continues without evidences of improvement, and leads to continued agitation for a dissolution. • The cases of cholera in London are confined to tho party of Danish emigrants who arrived here, on their Way to New Zealand. There ara seventy' of them. They have been placed on boar J ihe hoBpjtai ship at Grayesend. Four eases of cholera hove occurred, and there haye been'two deaths. Dr Featherstone is looking after the welfare of the emigrants in the interest of New Zealand. Cholera has appeared at Berlin. The Bishop of Kly (Dr. E, H. Brown) haB been translated tothe see of Winchester. The insurgents have surrendered in Granada, and tho insurrection has been overcome throughout Andalusia, Arrivals.—The Northumberland (s), which left Melbourne May 18 ; also, the Lincolnshire from Melbourne. 