BULLETIN FOR EUROP.E. Per E.M.S'. ' China.' A CABLEaJtAM just received 'informs'' us that the first of the mail steamers for the new. Queensland mail service between Singapore and' Brisbane, via Torres Straits, has left London. . It is a plucky venture for a yc-iing colony like this' to establish a line of her own, on a route yet untried, - the experitneiital service essayed, some, years ago having been between Brisbane and Batavia. Just at this juncture, too, the. representatives of New South .Wales and New Zealand have' ratified arrangements for a mail service by way of California,' contrary to :the anticipations -of the [Victorians, who expected the Pake'has would join -..them in maintaining .the' .Suez line. The terms of the contract, entered .into, between the Victorian.:' -Government and. the P. and O.' Com-, pany have been made public, and aome:' of the Melbourne journals characterise the . negociation as a ])recipitate and unconstitutional act, the G-oyernment having conducted the whole affair with out reference to Parliament. The service will prove 'ft costly- offer ing upon the altar of Victorian ?pride. .;JSTow.'; that :: New ,? Zealand has .entered into a compact with New South 'Wales, it is not unlikely that the bulk .of Australian correspondence will be sent'via California and Torres Straits, the 'services being, alternate, and that South. Australia will be the only colony that will aid Victoria in keeping up the Suez service, unlessTasmaniabeincluded ; but the population of that colony is too small to be of much weight in the scaled We shall see how the new Torres Straits' service answers ; but we still incline to the opinion — expressed, in our last ' Bulletin '—that a supplementary service might be advantageously adopted, aftbrding mail communication *to the colony altei-nately with= thjit- via Singa pore, by connecting with the Suez line ! at Melbourne. ? HIS EXCELLENCY THE , GOVEBNOB, ? and the Marchioness of Normanby are ! still rusticaiiing at'fhe seaside, and we are glad to be able to announce that a considerable, improvement' has taken . place in her ladyship's health since her removal to Sandgate. The most enthu ? siastic delineator of- this seaside, retreat could scarcely reconcile it with his con science to call it' inviting, but visitors ? have at least the benefit of the pure sea air, and can avail themselves of it to any extent, and with as much gusto — ? from a merely healthful point of view as if they were at Brighton or Margate. -Although a small village at' present, however, Sandgate is destined .to become an important place, and there are those who have sufficient belief in it to revive, in conversation,,a project' mooted many years ago, of a jetty running out- into deep water, and a tramway between Brisbane and the sea-side. So mote it :be! THE COMING ELECTIONS. By a piece of good fortune, we hap pened to be able, in our last Bulletin, -to announce the arrangements made by the Government for the .forthcoming ' elections. 'The Parliament is dead ! ?Long live the Parliament!.' But it : will scarcely, be so when the last writ, has reached its destination, and the last ; member. of the new Assembly has been sworn in. Candidates are not as ' plen tiful as blackberries' for ' some of the electorates, and some of the most .popu lous constituencies seem destined ? .either to have to go 'wide a-field' for ?? a wooer, or else to let their new mein ? her have a 'a walk over.' The fact of it is, that, where there is so much wear and tear in the' race for fortune pecu liar to a young country ; there are 'few who care to, and few who will, sacrifice themselves 'on the altar of ' their adopted country.' Jf a modern Curtius' w,ere required for the salvation of ! the ' capital or the colony,' it is tolerably certain that there would not be a very ardent rush of competitors for the leap into the gulf. There are plenty of men to be found who, actuated by the lust of self- aggrandizement, or the mere ambition of writing themselves down 'M.P.,' are ready enough to 'do themselves the honor to offer their ? services' to this or that constituency; ? and the worst of it is that such cahdi i dates often succeed, not only in winning ; a seat, but in acquiring place or pelf. ; It is with regret that the public i witness the retirement from public life of some of our leading politicians. Mr. 'W. H. 'Walsh, the late Minister for Works, and the ' free lance' of the ?House, will not. offer himself for Maryborough, and nobody seems to know whether he will become^ a candidate or not. It is rumoured that Mr. Eamsay, the ex-Treasurer, has abjured politics, and that it iB not . improbable his example will be followed by others of his Darling Downs con freres. Dr. O'Doherty retires abso lutely from the representation of Brisbane, much to the disappointment of a very large number of hijj old sup porters ; but this genial Irish gcntle uittii has found, liko many* others, that' politics and ' pocket ' nro not conver tible terms. Amongst the candidates offering themselves there nro many 'new men' whose voices havo never' - before been Jienrd in the legislatorial * arena, and there are some who can con scientiously lay. claim to consideration ns thoroughly ' representative men.' It is pimHngly impossible to forecast-' tho constitution of the new Assembly,' with its 'one-horse constituencies,' but . wo shall be surprised to find the ' Go vernment in a minority. Tho introduc tion of the Education question just at, the close of the last session of .the late Parliament, evoked, « as we have pre viously stated, a 4arge amount of .dis cussion1 out of doors; and there is '. little, doubt that it will be made the crie do bataille . of the , elec tions, although there are other 'to.pics. of paramount importance with which ? ?the new Parliament will have to deal,, and in no illiberal spirit. It will have ' to legislate, for one thing, with the question, of the settlement of the public lands, which is ever crppping-up in, Australian parliaments, and. always be^ comes a ' difficulty.' ' Conflicting in-* Wests have to be reconciled ';?? the1 squatter has to hold the free.' selector' in check; the latter has to make the ? best he can of the . thousand arid one impediments which besetvhim ; and/while the colony cries' ouf for inore population, the predominant class,' actuated .by ; that 'spirit of selfishness which' characterises allgrades pf society accustomed to have things their own way, 'naturally desire to hold their own. J?or the result we must await the ' verdict of inexorable time.' - ''' THE ABORIGINES. On Saturday last, a Royal Commission was gazetted, consisting of Messrs. W. L. Gr. .Drew (Under Secretary to' the Treas ury) , . A.i \C. ; Gregory ? (S ur vey or :Grerie'ral)- Charles. Coxen (Land Coin .missibner), *aud tlie Eev. ] J.': G. Ha'usr uiann, for the purpose ..of 'taking into consideration questions ini relation : to . the amelioration of the condition of the aborigines, arid the possibility of render ing their services available to settlers, and beneficial to themselves.' Whether 'the proposed enquiry will fulfil the ibenevolent purposes indicated we must wait to see, but the step thus taken is not'to belightly contemned. We make the aboriginals amenable to our laws, and we virtually confiscate their terri tory, but little or nothing has been given to them in return, excepting a 'shoddy' blanket on Her Majesty's birthday. A few of . the .sugar-planters,, on the Mackay River .have been trying what they could do to .utilize aboriginal labor, and. their ' suc- cess 'is said to have been far- beyond ex pectation.. The race is dying out. fast enough, and. it is an injustice that we should import people of the same color, when those we have dispossessed can Be brought within the influence of those', nobler; qualities which -civilization pro fesses to bring with it. IMMIGRATI0N. Since our last Bulletin (if we except the landing of the immigrants Great Queensland, whose arrival we reported), no additions have been, made to our population by sea. The following vessels are now on their way out:— . The Indus, ship, 1,400 tons, sailed from Lon don for Brisbane on the 7th July, under the command of Captain Hunt ; Dr. M'Lean, sur geon; Miss Davidson, matron; and a total of 475 souls. They are classified as follows:- 51 married couples, 172 single men, 125 single, women, 59 children between the age of 1 and 12 years, and 17 infants. Their occupations are given as; female domestics, 111 ;farm-laborers,. 134 ; shepherds, 2 ; painters, 1 ;- gardeners, 2 ; miners, 1 ; bakers, 2 ; blacksmiths, 4 ; 'brick layers, 1 ; masons, 2 ; mechanics, 4 ; carpenters, ; 12 ; wheelwrights, 1 ; others, 17. Tlie Landsborough, 1,066. tons,1 Captain Thomas,- loft London on the 15th .July for Eoekhampton. The surgeon is Dr.' Miller; matron, Miss. Chabot,' and a total of 359 souls. The- immigrants are classified as follows : — 51 married couples, 135 single men, 47 single .women, 61 children, and 14 infants. Their . occupations aro female domestics, 46 ; farm laborers, 90 ; shepherds, 5 ; gardeners, 3 ; navvies, 12 : miners, 58. ' Tho Eugenie, 697 tons, left Hamburg for Rockhampton on the lGth June, under the command: of' Captain Koch, Dr. Block being ,in medical charge, of a total of 323 souls. They 'comprise 36 female domestics, 136 farm laborers, - 1 shepherd, 1 shoemaker, 1 joiner. There are 49 married couples, 106 single men, 46 single ?women, 61 children, and 13 infants. The' Humboldt, 762 tons, left Hamburg for Maryborough on tho 30th Juno, with '383 souls,, ? comprising 66-married couples, 93 single men/. 38 single' women, 101 childron, and 19 infants. . Their occupations are — 25 female domestics, 116 farm laborers, 2 shepherds, 2 saddlers, 2 joiners, ' 3 shoemakers, and 1 tailor. ? social. Two of our oldest colonists have succumbed' to the inexorable onemy 'of mankind, death — Colonel Gray and Sir Robert Eamsay Mackenzie. Both had done the State some service, and tho announcement of their decease was received with profound regret by their, numerous friends in tho colony. Colonel. Gray, one of, the re maining 'Waterloo veterans, died in Ipswich, where his peaceful and honorable time was spent -for many years, and tho lattor at his ancestral seat on the 18th September. The present of Eed Deer made by Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen arrived in safety, and attracted great attention, and according to a resolution of tho committee of the Acclimati sation Society they have been forwarded to Cressbrook Station, tho property of David M'Connell, and we are glad to say thatonboihg turned out on the 21st ult., they seemqd.not only glad to regain their liberty after so long, a confinement, but took to their new quarters quite naturally, with everyjprospect of becoming acclimatibed successfully. After a considerable amount of opposition on the part of the Municipal Council, tho provi sions of tho Health Act havoso far been com plied with, as far as the appointment of a Local Board is concerned, and it is so far satisfactory to see that^tho membors are taking active steps to remedy some of tho evils under which our citizens have long labored from bad drainage, and general accumulation of all tho olemonts of malaria. . ? The Volunteer, moyoinont-has revived con-: siderably since the Government have issued new ' uniforms, and shown ovory disposition to ad vanco tho interest of tho various corps. Tho 'companies aro well officered by olKeiont men, and tho iMiudcs aro very cioditnblb to all con cerned. ' Thoro is a drum and fife band attuohed to No. 3, and they aro very ofRciont. jTho Four-in-hand Club in Sydney appears to havo created quite a furore under tho auspices of- Sir Hercules, Robinson, tho Govomor, and tho turnl-outs havebeen remarkably good, both as legafdb tho carnages aud horses.1 Surely wo might have a four-in-hand club of our own, for wo have thoso amojist us who '.could', afford, it, as well nb being able to handle the ribbons. ,- _ HAlIiWATS. On llio Southern and Western Baihvay a good tunny of tho bridges ou the first section hare boon finished during the 'month. . The.o.no at Bundiinbn Creel; ia complotod,. except ns rogorda the: iron girders, which will be shortly ; erected. At the Sis Mile. Crook, the next largest bridge on tho lino; the woiii has pro gressed favorably, all1 but three of ;the piers beingnow finished.' A considerable portion of the superstructure! on (hqotbor portion of tho bridge, iaj however, in ila-placo. The ;;brick culverts' are finished with one 'exception', aud all tho earthwork oil this' portion of 'the' line is far1 ndvaii'Dd. .On .the, second sootion the most of tllo piles have been driTenVTor ,'tlie : bridgb.at G-oodna,-imd tho top 'work', is how being pro- - caoded with. - 'Several - of. tlie smaller .bridgea in -J. llio iieiglitiorlibod'.'-nra'-'nehrlv; ?.com- pleted. Tho bridge- overr the Woogaroo Creek ''.'tins .,.bepti^''.'.leb,;,'''niid arrangements ore being miido ' to.;' start the- -work without delay. At BuUockhead Creek the pilo . driving U being .6teadiiy proceeded with, and ebmo of tho smaller bridges lower down towards Oxloy.are also in prpoess of construction. :Oh this section also fair progress/ has. been made with the 'earth*- works'. '. Large quantities of eleepcrs and ballast still ' continue to bo supplied with a view .to . the iminediato laying-' of . the .. rails on their being received from England.. The first shipment' it is ex pected will arrive about tho end of; November^ On Iho third eectiou the boring for the founda-. tions of the bridgo over the river at Oxley. is oxppcted lo be .coinploled thiB.week. As Booii as tho plans aro- ready, ibis intended to coin-, nienoo the buildin'g of the abutments on both sides, in order to proceed at once with the erection of the cylindrical piers on 'their, arrival. ? from England. . ,The ferry ., at the rtit'e of Hie; bridge, which.Js being formed to facililale the carrying on of the works in ? mid- river, 'is nearly finished j. arid as -soon iiaa-lhev boring for the pier foundations- is completed,-, tho punt that is. now used iu connection with ? .?those' operations' will' Be put on at Lite ferry for : the . coiivevaiiee of- materials coming towards Brisbane ; 'the cuttings i oil Chenorth side of the river have 'been yrell advanced ? during the month, arid it is expected that several more cuttings will shortly be commenced on this portion of the line. On the Northern Railway \\\\\e surveys of the central line hiivo been completed to about half a mile boyond the summit of the Gogango Rnnge, being a distance of eighteen miles bejorid 'Wyslwood, and the clearing has been ? pushed on over llio range to enable the sur veyors to improve the line as much ns possible. ^From llio BUinmit 61 the range, the'setlingoutof llio central line has been considerably improved, upon that of the Parliamentary survey. . Three milos fu-.'ther on fclio line, .emerges from tho scrub, and thence from tho Dawson, the country is tomparativoly open. For a distance of sis :teen miles from the Dawson Bridge, the line has boon-surveyed and levelled. On the first ^section from West wood, comprising eight milos 1 and a-half, the earth- works are. in an advanced 'state-'of' completion, and will probably bo fiiiishod by flie end of 'the present month. The bridges nnd other timber works, which for 'boiiio lime, were delayed from tho want of tira ,bor, are now being proceeded with: at a' satisfac tory rate of progress. The bridge' over - the ' 'Gogahgo' Creek — which is /the largest bridge on this section — has been commenoed, and is well advanced. The fencing of thiB line. is proceeding very slowly, owingto the difficulty of ge ting suit-' able fencing material. The Btono culverts are all .finished, aud ballasting is being deposited to bo ready for spreading. A large supply of good sleepers havo been obtained. The railway tele graph line has been finished as far as Gogango. The plans for the station buildings at Gogango aro now being prepai-ed, and as soon as they are 'finished tenders will bo called' for. Tho section from Gogango to Rooky Creek has been' cloarfid, and several of tho cuttings have been commenced. At Rocky Creek a railway em bankment, which will also answer the purpose of forming a dam, capable of holding back a .body of water to a depth of Bixteen foet, has been commenced. The supply of wator which . will in this way bo secured, will be of great use for constructive purposes while the works lire in ?? ?progress -over the- range, as'the i country in the 'neighborhood is quite waterless, and : also for '? 'supplying tho engines :whon tho line has been' completed.' At the da-teof the last report there were'435 men employed on theiworks'. ?'? i V '.-?..'?', TUBIiIO BUliiDINQS. ' : ' ; Tho pubiio. works under cbnEtruction in Bris-. bane— -the Government Printing Office, -Rcgisr trar-Goneral's Office, and additions to Lunatic Reception House— -are pvooeeding ub rapidly as scarcity of material and labor will permit. Tlie printing-office is now being roofed in, and. at the: Rogistrar-General's offices tho walls are being. plastered, and Iho iotornal- fittings will shortly be proceeded with. The additions and improvements at the Custom House, consisting of now gate, entrance steps, verandah, &o.;, aro well advanced towards completion. — At I^fsioicli progress is being made with the erection of tho . police ' barraok'B, the foundations being completed . arid' tneMJripk - work carried' upr. ; This ' work . when^finished w'ili. supply the want that hasj long been felt, of. additional accommodation fo^ tfio-police at this place. Sundry- repairs aud' 'improvem.entsat the court house here will also be , undertaken immediately. — At. Dotty the new police barracks are progressing satisfac torily. The , concrete . having been laid, the foundations are being put in. — At Mount Perry anew telegraph..pfBce:has just been completed j and tho ono at Gin Gin will be finished iu the course of a few' weeks. — Kb Rockliamptov, the now police barracks aro being proceeded, with, and will shortly be ready for the roof. The portion now under construction is intended to form one wing of a complete buijding, of which thsremaining portion will probably be added at an' early date. In this town the newv court N house. aud publio offico are nearly finished, only Borne internal fittings, fenoing, &o.;, still re maining to be put up. — At Boweri new Pilot .buildings are being erected, the old timber buildings having beeomo unsafe from decay. Repairs and improvements, to the' look-up at this place arp alao to bo 'carried out. — At Towns ? ville the b6ndbd store rocontly completed is how ooaupied. Tho -powder magazine at this place is also approaching completion, and tho tram way from the landing to tho building having been laid, it is used for tho conveyance of ma torial requirod in oonstruotion. The post ofllco hero ib aUo now far .advanced, and it is hoped will bo ro'idy for occupation in a few weeks* — Al Cardwell the contractor is pushing on the works iu connection with the new bond storo : and OuBtoms buildiDgs. All the framework, &c;, having been prepared and flhipped to Curdwoll, ready for orection, this work will not tuke long to completo when commpneod.— ^Minor repairs and improvements ? aro in progress to oxisting ' buildings in various parts of t{\\-a colony, but not i of Biiffioient importance to particularize. \- ? ' ' \ ??.''. ' ' , TBLEGBAPH WOIUtS. ?' | The timber: work and cloaring has been completed on tho lino from- Gin Gin to Gladstono, being a totnl distanco of 104 miles. Tho wiring has boon finished for a dis tance of 50 miles, and tho lino will probably bo opened for business about tho 14th instant. From Gin Gin to Bundaborg- the lino has boon clearod for about 15 miles, and poles erected for about nino milos. Tho Bundaberg station will probably be opened for business early inNovom bor. Between Springsuro and Tambo the linelias boon cleared, nnd poles erected for a distance of fifty miles. Tho station at Tambo will pro bably bo opened some timo in February noxt. On tho lino from Roma to Charlovillo the clear- ? ing has been completed, and poles ovected for a distanco of thirty miles. Arrangements havo boon madp to start a second party on tins' work, in order that greater progress may bo made.. A party has boon started at Rockhampton to worlr towards Bowen to ' thorouglily ropair and Strengthen tho lino preparatory to the erection of a second wire from Roekhampton to tho Burdekin to meet tho increase of business ox pected ; \vhen charges aro reduced as proposed, and for -the same reason it is intended to place another -wire between Brisbane and Toowoomba. .PRIVATE llUILDrSOS, &C.; \- Tub building trade is in a very flourishing condition, new stores aro in courso of erection in various . parts' of. the city, and. numerous dwelling houses and villa. residences aro being built in tho suburbs. In Queen-street, Messrs. Sutor and Voysey are erecting a storo for Mr. Cultn Sliuiruj and thi'eo stores, adjoining to, arid for tho! Australian Joint Stock Bank. Tho now Church of England at Kangaroo Point is drawing near completion, and will soon bo open for public worship. Tho new Roman Catholic Cathedral will soon bo sufliciencly completed to allow, of its being opened for service, and wo boliove ' that the formal opening will bo hold early next month. This has been- rendered necessary by tho overcrowded state of the old church during service. Messrs: Sutof ttnd Voysoy have also tho erection of several schools for tho Board of Education, including one at ' Kangaroo Point, and the now school which is to be built in tho centre of the town of War wick. They havo also just finished a new houso for W- Kent, Esq., at Euston, near Toowoomba, and a house for Mrs. Beit, like wise' near Toowoomba. The same firms aro proparin-?:plans.for a now church at Rockhampr ton. The following buildings aro now in course of completion ? undor tho. super vision/ of Mr. R. Gailoy, architect : — Thirteen . dwelling houses in and near Brisbano, at a total cos.t of about £8,100. Five ?warehouses in Brisbano at a cost of ;£5,900. Tho Primativo Methodist Church, Loichhardt-street, to cost £800. Six ware houses in' Toowoomba to cost £9,500, and a large stone storo in 'Warwick to cost- about £2,000, making an aggregate of £27,300. Mr. John Hall, architect, reports that the Ann street Presbyterian Church is nearly completed. It. is built of stone and of a similar design to the one that was burnt down with tho addition of an ornamental bell turret. -The block of buildings situated at the corner of Edward and Elizabeth streets, being ? the property' of Mr. Gaujard, aro almost finished, and will soon . bo in occupation. They comprise six shops, and a large warehouse for the proprietor at the corner; they are two stories high, built of brick, with stone basement. The new warehouse for Messrs. R. Armour and Co., next to.Warde Brothers, in Queen-street, is being rapidly proceeded with ; the creek which runs 'through the ground has beon arched over, which will also have to be continued through the adjoining block (when built on) ; the build ings are to be completed by December; to be two ' stories ; and constructed of brick, ' with stono basements; A two story brick dwelling ' for Dr. Bancroft ; brick additions to the 'European Hotel ; and two brick: shops with dwelling' houses aro under the supervision of the same architect. Mr. James Cowlishaw has the following build ings under. his immediate charge, they have been described beforo in our columns, and. their completion is being proceeded ? with as rapidly as possible : — Store in Mary- street, for Messrs. Berens, Ranniger, and Co. ;. additions to bonded store', for the A.S.N. Co. ; 'store in Elizabeth-^ street, for Messrs. Lamb, Parbury, and Co. ; two shops in Queen-street, for J. Gibbin, Esq:, printing office and dwelling in Edward-street, for Mi1. H. Wakefield; additions to Messrs. D.L. Brown's warehouse ; office in ' Eagle-street, for Messrs. Clarke, Hodgson, and Co. '?.:''- 1AW -AND' CHIME.' ???'.' Of the firstj ? we have had plenty, for the Supreme Court has been almost one continuous' sitting of term, extended term, Banco and special sittings. Some important cases have beeiudecidcd, among which may be mentioned the; libel cases against ourselvoB and con-' temporary; It will be seen that, where both the cases were .identical, the deci sions were, the reverse. . of each other. Crime has certainly not been on the increase, although wo are sorry to have to record a dreadful murder having taken place at Carrabah, near ' Taroom. The victun.-w.as named Conroy, and his remains wero discovered nearly burnt to ashes ; evidences of a violent death wore ap parent, and a man named Garbett, who was -a mate of tho unfortunate deceased, is suspected of the murder.' Tho polico followed his tracks until they .were lost in tho Jinghi ranges. The .'supposed assassin has beon seen with. some of the clothes belonging to the murdered man. BEiiTGiotra. . BratB Society. — The seventeenth annual meeting of the Queensland Auxiliary of the British and -Foreign Bible Society was ,ueld on the.24thultimo, in theWosleyan Chapel, Albort street. Jn the absence of Sir, James Cookie,. Chief Justice, who was 'prevented by Bevere indisposition _fr6m''; being present,, the Rev. Ohdrles'Ogg was called to theohair. After the usual introductory services, and an . opening address; ijy! 'jttie' i rev. ohairmun, the secretary (the ';' R.ey^E.'vGriffith) read the report of the Sboiety / .'jn^hioh it'wds staled' that increased subscript tions wore urgently required, as the collections for the : Bible Society's foreign operations had .been. loss' for ; the past year than for 1872, and for. ? which ; year they were less than for 1871\. The Colportour Sooiety had received -as U6ual.il, grant from this Auxiliary j and during the year a free grout had been sent to the parent sooioty. Tho sum of £207 15s. Id. had been*' expended in the purohaBo of scriptures during the year, from tho homo dop6t and from Sydney. Tho depftfc in Brisbane was supplied witli bibles and testaments in English, French, German, Swedish, and Norwegian, or Danish languages. The value of the scriptures on hand on Septombor 2, was. £164 8s. 5d.' The sales and issues during the year wero 2,315, being 694 in exeesB of the previous yoar, and 1,103 more than in 1871. Branch den6ts of the auxiliary had been established at Dalby, Too woomba, Stahthorpo, Gympie, Maryborough, and. Rookhampton. Tho report was adopted, and the meeting was addressed by the 'Revs. B. BuokhouBe (aitent of the paront sooioty), F. T. -Brentnall, D. Torteous, O. M'Cullooh, E. Grif fith, arid Mr. Davidson. ''.???' .Pbbsbyteeian.— At the meeting of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Churoh of Queensland Mr. FergUBon, who had arrived from Norlhorn India, whore he had been .for some time engaged as a teacher and evangelist, applied to llio last General Assembly for license aB a minister in connootion with tho Presbyterian Churoh hore. His application was favorably entertained, and a eourso of study was pro Bentcd for him. Ponding his examination ho eondubtod religious services at Warril Creek. At a meeting of the Presbytery of Brisbane, held on tho 2nd ultimo, his examination papers were sub mitted and sustained. At a subsequent meeting of the PreBbytory his trial ? discourses wer0 approved; and after answering the questions of formula m such cases, and subscribing the Basis of Union he was formally lioensod.as ? a probationer of- tho Presbyterian Church of this colony. At another meeting of the Pres bytery, held on tho 9th ultimo, it was agrood that Mr. Fo:guson should bo ordiunod°as a - missionary, and further trial disoourjios woro proBoribod for him. On the 16th thoso were heard and susluinod, and his ordiitttion as mis sionary was appointed to take place in tho South Brisbano Prosbytorian Ohuroh on the 23rd j and tho ordination services took plueo according to that appointment. After ' religious sorvioes, ?'? conducted by tho Rev. T. Craig.of Ipswich, the Rev. A. Hay, minister of. tho South Brisbano congregation, delivorod a brief address in review of tho career of Mr. Ferguson, after which ho put tho usual questions, and-thoso having boon satisfactorily answered by the candidate, ho ; performed tho ooromony of ordination as pre scribed by tho formula of the Presbyterian : Ohuroh, and afterwards doliverod an impressive ordination address. _ ? The. annual saireo and congregational meeting r of .the members of the Creak-street Presbyterian Church was hold in the ohuroh on the evening of' the 4th ultimo. Though tho w.nather was extremely, unfavorable, there woro upwards of two hundred persons presont. After tea tho.— nature of iho proooedin-is wa9 changed to that . of a publio meeting, when the Rev. M. M'Gavin, M.A., minister of the congrogation, took the chair, and opened the proceedings in a brief and 'appropriate address, ? after which tho meeting was successively addressed by the Revs. F.-T; Brentnall, C. M'Oulloch, A. Hay, B. G-. Wilson, and E. Griffith. In tbo course of the proceed ings the Rev. Mr. M'Gavin was presented with ' . ' a handsome pulpit bible, the gift of Mr.Smellie, iron-founder, 'and a gown and coasack, and pulpit cushion and chair, purchased by sub scriptions obtained by the kdios of the congrogation. The' presentations were made in both oases by Mr. A. Thomp son, manager of the Union Hank, and one of the elders of tho churoh, who convoyed tliom to tho rev. gentlemen in deservedly oom pliinentary teriDB. The Rev. Mr. M'Gavin in accepting tho gifts, expressed, evidently with much feeling, his high appreciation of such evidences of the friendship entortaiiiod towards him by his congregation. .Baphst.— -Tlie congregation of the Wharf street Baptist Chapel held their anniversary tea meeting in tho chapel on Tuesday evening ??? lat— tho Rov. B. G. Wilson, minister of the eougregation, presiding.. As usual, on the occasion of those re-unions in connection with ' this place of worship, the building was olosely . N crowded. On the platform were the Revs. E. Griffith, M. M'Gavin, M.A. ; C. M'Culloch, J. Vollor, A. Hay, G. Wight, T. Gerrard^E.. Hooker, and Messrs. Cray and J. B. Sherd. ' After, tho oponing services, the Rev. Mr. Wil son referred to the fact that the present was the fifteenth occasion of his presiding at the annual meeting of the congrotsation _of the Wharf-street Buptist Chapel. He next alluded to the illness ho had suffered, and which had bo affected hia voice, that though now greatly im proved inhealthhe very much doubted whelherhe would ever again be able to speak in publio '.as ? ho had formerly done. After acknowledging in warm terms the kindness and cordial assistance ho hud received during his illness from the gen tlemen on either side -of Him, he had adverted , ' to the progress of tho Baptist Churoh during the past year, as nmvked by the number of new places of worship that had beeu opened in the' .district since their last annual meeting.. Ad- . dresses were then delivered by several of .the rev. gentlemen on the platform, and by . Mr. Cray, the 'secretary to the congregation, which wero interspersed with, musical selections sung by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. Bale, who presided at the harmonium. Votes' of' thanks having been heartily accorded to those to -whom they wore due, the benediction was pronounced, and the proceedings of tlie evening brought to a closo. ? . THEATttES AND AMUSEMENT. ' Wo have had a considerable amount of amuse- - - ment in the city during the month ; .Theatre,'-' ? , School' of. Arts, and Amphitheatre, all com- - manding good houses. Mr. Carden, who has appeared for the first time in Queensland, has ' gained many admirers ; and 'Miss Dolly Green' has taken the people by storm in tho various characters she has depicted. Lottio as. a female gymnast, is certainly unequalled in the colonies. '? '. One good characteristic among the generality of those theatricals who visit us is that they seldom ? leave us without g'iving a benofit. to the Hos- , pital, which institution has considerably benefited the last two' months from kindness of this description. .,, ;. .'/..'.. 