NEW ZEALAND. NEWS has been received from New Zealand to the 28th ult., but it is not of much interest.— It is reported at Dunedin that silver, almost in a pure state, has been found at Shotover.—At Wellington it it alleged that Mr. Vogel con senU to accept the Premiership and will recoil* •tract the Cabinet, with Mr, Whitaker, if potii ble, m the LegisUtive Council.—The Govern ment hare purchased the Port Chalmers and Dunedin Railway on the following terms:— Thej a. qui-e the £120,000 etook of the com pany at £6 5i per share, and take up the liability of the company's £100,000 of de benture.. Thd total purchase money is £175,000. The company asked £220,000.— A Parliamentary survey line, from Dunedin to Moeraki, has been commenced. Brog den's tender for completing the central line to the Chain Hills, four and a half mile* is £4699.—The passengers by the Philip Laing, the first ship to the settlement, intend cole brating the twenty-fifth anivereary on the 15th proximo.—At Dunedin, on the 26th of ACaroh, the Morten Hill station was offered at auction. A bid of £130000 was made by Mr. M'Lean, but the property was bought in for £140,000.— A man named Humphreys died at Balclutba while under the influence of ohloroform ad* ministered for the purpose of an operation. Deceased was the son of the late Alderman Humphreys, of London.—On March 27, at Dunedin, Driret'i wool tales show a falling ea of from Id. to 2d.—A correspondent of the Tim** Touohes for seeing a live moa at Waiau.—A dv* covery of a rich gold-bearing district, seventeen miles from Whangarei, is repotted.—The Fidelia, a s?rew collier of 1600 tons, left Cardiff for Dunedin last month, to trade between that port and Newcastle.—The Government is forming a settlement at Waiholo, and allowing the German and Danish emigrants temporary use of the unsold land.—Captain Fox, of the Forfarshire, an immigrant Tessel, hai been fined £12 10s. each on four informations, at Wellington, for breach of the Passengers Aot, in not giving the passengers complaining a sufficient supply of water, during the voyage. The assistant law offloer stated that the Government intend to proceed in every case reported of any breaoh of the Aot. The Benoh thought that the captain was only to blame for not having put into some port for water, but that a serious amount of blame was attached to the owners or charterers of the Forfarihire. The Wellington Independent writes:—"A curious story reaches us by telegraph from Invercargill to the effect that the crew of a sealing boat who had penetrated to an inland lake near Milford Sound found traces of Maoriee whilst they were fishing for eels. It is stated that they saw the smoke of a fire on the opposite side of the lake, an<l that on proceeding to the spot they found recent footprints, which they seem to have at once decided were those of Maories. The only thing to give any air of probability to the supposition that these traces might be those of a ' wild' tribe of Maories is the report made some two years ago by the master of a sealing boat, who asserted that he had seen a number of Maories, who fled as soon as they were observed. There is also a tradition amongst tfbme of the natives living on the West Coast that there is a lost tribe somewhere in the western wilds." The Lyttelton Time* states that a German opera troupe were performing in San Francisco, and intelligence has been received that they intend visiting Australia immediately. The troupe is spoken of as very superior to any that has visited that city, and the baritone is spe cially mentioned as bring something marvellous. 