ARRIVAL OF THE SUEZ MAIL, AT MELBOURNE. WE extract as follows from, telegrams in Monday's ' Herald': Melbourne, Saturday. The R. M. S. Nubia arrived in the Bay at noon to-day, having left King George's Sound on the 8th, where she ar rived the day previous. The English cricketers are passengers for Melbourne. GENERAL SUMMARY. October 31. Great disappointment was felt in Lon don when the failure of the experimental shipment of frozen meat became known. Numerous gentlemen connected with Aus tralia were at the South Dock to board the Norfolk on her arrival, and looked very blank on learning that the meat had all been thrown overboard. Mr. Harri son met with much sympathy. He at tributes the failure entirely to the hurried way in which preparations were made, the ship having started without affording an apportunity of testing the apparatus. On getting to sea the leakage of cold brine, on the maintenance and circula tion of which success depended, became excessive, and owing to the surrounding cargo the leaks were not accessible. On the thirty-fourth day, nineteen tons of meat were thrown overboard ; the re mainder was sacrificed when off the Azores. The failure is considered only temporary. ~ . Mr. Bell, a Glasgow butcher, is bring ing over twenty-four head of cattle weekly from Canada. The first consignment of Queensland sugar to test the English market, was sold by auction last weak, the prices realised being considered satisfactory. Large quantities of Australian tinned meats have been forwarded to the West Coast of Africa. At the Mansion House banquet, on the 21st, Mr. Saul Samuel made an admirable speech in responding to the toast of the British colonies. He avowed the attach ment of the Australian colonies to the mother country, deprecated severance, and warned England against sacrificing the integrity of the Empire to sordid no tions of economy. Captain Warren's machine for the pro duction of artificial ice was exhibited last week ; it is intended principally for use in India. The Rev. John Graham, from Sydney, preached the inaugural sermon of the autumnal meeting of the Congregational Union at Ipswich. The Brazilian Government granted free passages to England to 1G4 deceived and destitute emigrants. The Portuguese Government stated that owing to insufficient time they could not take part in the special exhibition of wines in London next year. Count Strezlecki, the Australian ex plorer, died in London, aged 77. The reconstructed Cabinet has had several sittings, and the question of dis solving Parliament was fully discussed ; a resolution was taken to postpone the dis solution till spring. The success of the Liberal candidates at Bath and Taunton greatly disconcerted the Conservative party ; a long series of Liberal electoral defeats had intoxicated the Tories with confidence and certainty of victory. This reversal of their career of triumph is largely due to the indiscreet letter, full of political invective, of Lord Grey de Wilton. Mr. Bright, on accepting the appoint ment to the Duchy of Lancaster, pub lished an address to his constituents, which declares that he has not changed his old principles, that rather than be unfaithful to them he would retire from office. "HT re-election was unopposed. On the 22nd instant he attended a great meeting at Birmingham, in Bingley Hall; 12,000 persons were present, including representative men from all parts of the country. His speech was magnificent, and the enthusiasm of the audience boundless. He reviewed the great his torical measures passed by the present Government, disavowed any responsibi lity for the Education Act, and expressed a hope that the 25th clause would be modified. He did not reveal any Cabinet secrets, but foreshadowed further political and fiscal reforms likely to be under taken, such as county representation, in come tax repeal, and alteration of the land laws. The speech did much to soothe the irritation of the Liberal party. The Conservatives won the vacant seat of Hull by a small majority. Mr. Reed, the shipbuilder, was defeated. Lord Derby was entertained at a non political banquet in the Town Hall at Liverpool. Nearly 300 guests, including the Lord Mayors of London, York, and Dublin, and numerous county magis trates, were present; the object of the gathering was to recognise the warm inte rest Lord Derby has always taken in Liverpool affairs; he spoke upon the relations between capital and labour, glanced at the circumstances surrounding the Ashantee war, and said that his judg ment was in suspense regarding Ministe rial responsibility for the war. The Duke of Edinburgh, during his stay in the Crimea, visited Sebastopol and assisted at the trial trip of the ironclad Novgorod. Three thousand five hundred electors of Morpeth signed a requisition to Thomas Burt, secretary of the Northumberland Miners' Association, to stand for that Borough; he consented, and a subscrip tion list towards defraying his expenses was opened. Sir Samuel and Lady Baker have ar rived in London ; they have accepted an invitation from the Geographical Society, of New York, to visit America next sum mer. Owena's College, at Manchester, costing one hundred thousand pounds, has been opened with much state, under the presi dency of the Duke of Manchester. The Bishopric of Victoria, Hongkong, is conferred on the Rev. J- S.^ Bardon, twenty years a missionary in China. General M'CIelland has arrived in Eng land from America ; and Mark^Twain has been lecturing to large audiencies in Lon don. The cases of cholera imported into Liverpool from Havre have not resulted in a spread of the disease. Sine# the departure of the Danish immigrants there has been no outbreak in London. Cholera had declined at the Northern ports of Eu rope, but the utmost vigilance is exercised by the sanitaiy inspectors. The authorities have made extended raids upon metropolitan milkmen, fining scores for adulteration, and in turn the latter have held indignation meetings and passed resolutions to raise the price of milk to 5d. per quart. According to the report of the Sanitary Committee, 70 per cent, of the tea im ported annually is not tea at all, but leaves of other plants. Ten million lbs. of grossly adulterated tea is now in bond ; the committee urge immediate Parliamen tary acfcjon. A handsome testimonial, subscribed for by 275 British exhibitors, was presented, to Mr. Owen, secretary of the Royal Com mission at the Vienna Exhibition-it consisted of a silver dessert service and purse of 1300 guineas ; and Mrs. Owen received a case of Danish jewellery. The Home Rule agitation in Ireland proceeds rigorously; the priesthood are giving a qualified adhesion. Mr. Butt lectured on the subject in London and elsewhere. The Irish National Commissioners on Education have passed a resolution that on Father O'Keeffe satisfying them that he is a fit person to exercise that trust, they will recognise him as manager of the Callan Schools. A proposal to reinstate him, however, was negatived by 10 to 4. The matter was referred to the local in spector for enquiry and report. Reginald Herbert, who undertook to row from Maidenhead to Westminster Bridge in twelve hours for £1000, accom plished the journey in ten hours, between 6 and 4. Two members of the Hackney Bicycle Club have taken a pleasure trip to Land's End and back, 300 miles, without disaster. Rupert Kettle delivered an award in connection with the arbitration between the parties in the North of England iron trade. The masters proposed a reduction of 15d. per ton on puddlers, and 12£ per cent, on other workmen. Mr. Kettle de cided against the masters on all the grounds adduced by them. Meanwhile coal and iron continue to rise, and the shares of mineral companies advance daily. Mr. Brassey, in an address on economy and trade, at Norwich, said he thought coal must fall in price in about two years, though never to the old rates ; he looks for relief mainly to new methods of eco nomising the use of coal. In Mr. Haliday's opening address at the Bristol Miners' Conference, he said the Amalgamated Society had nearly one hun dred thousand members ; he insisted that workmen had not obtained a fair share of the advanced rates. Eight hundred Leicestershire miners struck on the weighing question. Serious riots by Cornish miners occurred at Camborne, originating in feuds with the police. The Nottingham lace trade strike con tinues. A general strike is imminent among Leith sailors. Concessions by masters terminated the nailers' strike. In Somersetshire four torchlight pro cessions of agricultural labourers passed off without disorder; about 16,000 per sons altogether were present; hundreds of tenant farmers countenanced the pro ceedings. Railway accidents are declining in fre quency and severity, but still numerous collisions have occurred. The Bishop of London's palace nar rowly escaped destruction by fire; the stables, stalls, and coach-house were con sumed. A fire at Ardverike Lodge, belonging to Sir John Ramsden, burnt out the inmates and destroyed the Art treasures ; the loss is estimated at £50,000. The adoption of asphalte pavements is rapidly spreading in London. The Transatlantic balloon was repaired, and started from New York on the morn ing of the 6th with Messrs. Donaldson, Ford, and Lunt, going East; these men were a balloonist, an artist, and a sailor; after a short sail across Connecticut, it descended about 100 miles from* the start ing point. Barnum is in Europe con sulting eminent aeronauts on the subject of a voyage between America and Eu rope. Sir George Grey retires from public life at the close of the present Parlia ment. The Rev. W. Knight has resigned hiB ministry in the Free Church. Mr. Plimsoll was entertained at a ban quet at Poitsmouth. At Sheffield the steel manufacturers are working only four days a week owing to the dearness of coal. The steamship Ismali foundered on her voyage between America and Glasgow. An amnesty meeting was held on Blackheath, and a monster gathering iB announced at Dublin for Nov. 23, the an niversary of the execution of the Man chester Fenians. The Txchborne trial continues. De fendant's case was concluded on the 27th. Mr. Hawkins is now calling rebutting witnesses. Lady Radcliffe's re-examina tion lasted a whole day. She denied the testimony of nearly all the adverse wit nesses given during the month. Great excitement was produced by the alleged arrival of Arthur Orton. The evidence of Captain Brown and John Line, steward of the Osprey, who declared they picked up Tichborne, and brought him to Melbourne, caused much surprise. Road-making is progressing rapidly to wards the capital of the Ashantees, who appear to be retreating. Australian tin has attracted attention, and it is pronounced equal in quality to the best English tin. Judge Francis returns at the end of November. The Samuel Plimsoll, for Sydney, will take 110 assisted immigrants. OBITUARY. Mr. Pickersgill Cunliffe, Mrs. Gatty (authoress), Lieutenant General Hay, Archdeacon Pollock, Major General By grave, Mr. Paget, late M.P. (drowned), Sir William Eden, Sir Robert Maclure, Sir John Campbell Lees (on the under ground railway), Dr. John Murray, Vice Chancellor Wickens, Mr. Fitzball (dra matist). FRANCE. The trial of Baz&ine; has commenced; the indictment accuses him of neglecting opportunities of escaping from Metz and in refusing to obey orders except from the Emperor, ignoring the de facto Govern ment of Paris, intriguing with the Em press, opening secret political communi cations with the German Prince, and capitulating prematurely. Some strange revelations were made involving other Generals, who demand a trial by court martial. Colonel Stoffel is charged with intercepting a despatch from Bazaine to MacMahon, which probably led to the disaster at Sedan. . The military tribunal has condemned Ranee to death in contumacion, nomi nally for joining the Commune. A diplomatic difficulty between France and Italy is rumoured, but disavowed. The Ambassadors of the two countries are absent from their posts ; the Pope is an noyed that material aid is refused by the French Government. 22,000 photographs of the Prince Im perial, with his speech to the French de putation at Chishelhnrst last August ap pended, have been seized in Paris. The financial tension arising from bills negotiated for indemnity payments is causing great anxiety. I The Old Opera House at Paris was to I tally destroyed by fire. SPAIN. Military operations are conducted lan guidly ; there has been desultory fight ing in the Northern provinces, where the Carlists maintain their ground. A government victory and triumphal entry into Estella, in the province of Na varre, reported on October 6th, proved a pure invention ; on the contrary, General Moriones was severely beaten, with heavy loss in killed and wounded. Don Carlos was welcomed in Estella with great enthusiasm, and the town was illuminated. Dissensions among the Carlist chiefs are reported. The destruction of railways in Barce lona is still going on. Carlist deserters are constantly coming to the Republican head-quarters to be amnestied. Telegrams announce the concentration of Carlists in the province of Valencia, with the object of attacking the city in conjunction with insurgent frigates. Se veral engagements, with varied results, were fought near Drades, in Catalonia. The Spanish journals complain loudly of the toleration shown to Carlists on the frontier by the French authorities. N Correspondents state that very angry feelings exist in Madrid and in the Medi terranean cities towards England for not capturing or destroying the rebel iron clads. Carthagena still holds out against the Government. On the 11th a naval en gagement was fought, lasting two hours. Admiral Lobo, with one ironclad and three wooden frigates, attempting' -to blockade the port, was encountered by i four "intransigents" ironclads, which, owing to bad handling, were driven back. Subsequently one of the ships, the Fer nando el Catolica, was run down by the Numancia. Two days after his victory Admiral Lobo suddenly retreated from Carthagena, and took refuge at Gibraltar; he was superseded by the Minister of Marine, and ordered to be tried by Court martial. The insurgents took advantage of the absence of their enemy to sally forth, levying contributions along the coast. They visited Valencia, and made requisitions for money and provisions on pain of bombardment. The British Ad miral, however, insisted on four days' notice, and during that interval troops were despatched from Madrid, and prepa rations made to repel the attack. Mean while tha rebels plundered ten ships in harbour, and returned to Carthagena with four captured merchantmen, which they are arming. GERMANY. The publication of a remarkable corre spondence between the Pope and the Em peror has produced a profound sensation throughout Germany, and called forth abundant congratulations. The letters are understood to indicate war to the knife between the State and the Roman Catholic Church, and whatever hesitation the Emperor may formerly have felt he will now resort to extreme measures of repression towards the clerical party ; he has identified himself unequivocally with the policy of his Ministers ,* and, if fur ther proof is wanted, they have it in the fact that Bismark returns to the head of affairs both in Prussia and Germany. The struggle will be fierce and deter mined. The pending election of the new i Bishop of Fulda will bring matters to a direct issue, as no Ultramontane will be sanctioned by the Government. Archbishop Ledochowski, of Posen, has been fined 300 thalers, or two months' imprisonment, for threatening to excom municate a professor of theology who signed & Catholic address of fidelity to the Emperor, and a further fine of 600 thalers for an illegal ecclesiastical appoint ment. The Governor of Posen is ordered to demand the Archbishop's resignation of his See. Twelve new forts round Strasburg are being rapidly constructed. j AUSTRIA. The Vienna Exhibition closes on No vember 2. The deficit is estimated at thirteen million florins. ROME. The Jesuits were expelled from six convents and colleges at Rome on the 20th October; and a decree was issued ordering the expropriation of eight other religious houses. Father Beck, the Ge neral of the Order, proceeds to Belgium. The anniversary of the plebiscite was celebrated with public rejoicings, and on the same day the Pope received 300 dele gates from Catholic societies, encouraged | them to hope for better times, and ex pressed his firm determination never to leave Rome. RUSSIA. St. Petersburg was inundated on the I 15th October, owing to the prevalence of j a strong wind from the Gulf of Finland ; the waters of the Neva were driven back, causing a rise in the river of twelve feet, and flooding the lower parts of the city, heaving up the wooden pavement in front of the Winter Palace, and committing great devastation. COLOMBO. Within three years it is expected the breakwater will be finished, protecting Colombo harbour. j Madame Goddard was attacked by dysentery at Colombo, and after adver tising for a fortnight was unable to play ; she proceeds on a sea voyage to India. CEYLON. The Budget for 1874 shows an expected revenue of twelve million rupees. An unusually large amount will be spent on roads, bridges, and railway extension in Ceylon. ; The coffee crop for the current season ; is expected to be not more than half of last. Prices are unprecedently high. 120 rupees per cwt. is now the price, and it is expected to be 150 for plantation. There is great speculation in the local market. The purchases to be mad« for the Australian market in Ceylon are likely to be great in the country. The merits of the Jarrah timber were discussed lately, as bad shipments pro duced a decidedly unfavourable impres sion on Indian builders and engineers. Mauritius is to give a subsidy of ,£6000 for a telegraphic cable. The threatened scarcity of food in Ben gal, it is said, will amount to a famine, and is the great object of attention in India; a general failure of crops is anti cipated in Bengal. There will be good crops in Rangoon. MADRAS. Experiments are to be made with snake poison ; a thousand rupees are to be spent to get snakes from Australia, to compare the different effects. CALCUTTA. The opera season has opened. The Chinese giant Chang and Blondin are now in Calcutta. ; CHINA. | A proffer of railway construction was refused by the Emperor of China. An attempt is to be made to open up steam communication between China and > Australia. The cholera is spreading in some dis tricts. JAPAN. Six British men-of-war are at Yoko hama. Japanese officers are to be sent to Acheen to get a practical knowledge of warfare. BATAYIA. Great preparations are makiDg in B& tavia for the Acheen Expedition; ten steamers are chartered. The Acheenese are determined on opposing it to the last. Disturbances by Chinese pirates in Laroot continue. The following items are from telegrams in the ' Evening News': The death of Mr. Francis Richard Dangar, of Sydney, by suicide, on the 12th October, is announced. B«garding the suicide of Mr. Dangar, the ' European Mail' says that he moved in the best society, and to all appearances was free from embarrassment of any kind. Those who knew him best, however, noted that of late he was beset with a melancholy for which it was most difficult to account, but when spoken to on the subject, he calmed their fears by assuring them there was no cause for alarm. It appears, however, that his mind was seriously affected, there can be no ques tion, for on the 12th October the worst fears of his friends were realised by the announcement that he hn-ri rntJiiB tWai Death was almost instantaneous. The' effects of the deceased will be packed up, and sent out to the colony. In France, the returns received of the late elections show that the Republican candidates have everywhere headed the poll. 