GENERAL SUMMARY. OOTOBER 31. Great disappointment was felt in London when the failure of the experimental shipment of frozen meat became known. Numerous gentlemen connected with Australia were at the South Dock to board the Norfolk on her arrival, and looked very blank on learning that the meat had all been thrown overboard. Mr. Harrison met with much sympathy. He attributes the failure entirely to the hurried way in which preparations were made, the ship having started without afford- ing an opportunity of testing the apparatus. On getting to sea the leakage of cold bring) on the maintenance and circulation of which success depended, became excessive, and owing to the surrounding cargo the leaks were not accessible. On the thirty-fourth day, nineteen tons of meat were thrown overboard; the remainder was [sacrificed when off the Azores. The failure is considered only temporary. A Mr. Bell, a Glasgow butcher, is bringing over twenty-four head of cattle weekly from Canada. The first consignment of' Queensland sugar to test the English market, was sold by auction last week, the prices realized being considered satisfactory. Large quantities of Australian tinned meats have been forwarded to the West Coast of Africa. At the Mansion House banquet, on the 21st, Mr. Saul Samuel made an admirable speech' in responding to the toast of the British colonies. He avowed the attachment of the Australian colonies to the mother country, deprecated severance, and warned England against sacrificing the integrity of the Empire to sordid notions of economy. Captain Warren's machine for the production! of artificial ice was exhibited last week ; it is intended principally for use in India. The Rev. John Graham, from Sydney preached the inaugural sermon of. the autumnal meetings of the Congregational Union at' Ipswich. The Brazilian Government granted free passages to England to 104 deceived and destitute emigrants. The Portuguese Government stated that owing; to insufficient time they could not take part in the special exhibition of wines in London next year. Count Strezlecki, the Australia-it explorer, died in London, aged 77. The reconstructed Cabinet has had several sittings, and the question of dissolving Parliament was fully discussed ; a resolution was taken to postpone the dissolution till spring. The success of the Liberal candidates at Bath and Taunton greatly disconcerted the Conservative party ; a long series of Liberal electoral defeats had intoxicated the Tories with confidence and certainty of victory. This reversal of their career of triumph is largely due to the indiscreet letter, full of political invective, of Lord Grey de Wilton, Mr. Brighton accepting the appointment to the Duchy of Lancaster, published an address to his constituents, which declares that he has not changed his old principles, that rather than be unfaithful to them he would retire from office. His re-election was unopposed. On the 'scene instant he attended a great meeting at Birmingham, in Bingley Hall ; 12.000 persons were present, including representative men from all parts of the country. His ' speech was magnificent, and the enthusiasm of the audience boundless. He reviewed the great historical measures passed by the present Government, disavowed any responsibility for the Education Act, and expressed a hope that the 28th clause would be modified. He did not reveal any Cabinet secrets, but foreshadowed further political and fiscal reforms likely to be undertaken, such as county representation, income tax repeal, and alteration of the land laws. The speech did much to soothe the. irritation of the Liberal party. The Conservatives won the vacant seat of Hull by a small majority. Mr. Reed, the shipbuilder, was defeated. Lord Derby was entertained at a non-political banquet in the Town Hall at Liverpool. Nearly 300 guests, including the Lord Mayors of London, York, and Dublin, and numerous county magistrates, were present ; the object of the gathering was to recognise the warm interest Lord Derby has always taken in Liverpool affairs ; he spoke upon the relations between capital and labour, glanced at the circumstances surrounding the Ashantee war, and said that his judgment was in suspense regarding Ministerial responsibility for the war. The Duke of Edinburgh, during his stay in the Crimea, visited Sebastopol and assisted at the trial trip of the ironclad Novgorod. Three thousand five hundred electors of Morpeth signed a requisition to Thomas Burt, secretary of the Northumberland Miners' Association, to stand for that Borough ; he consented, and a subscription list towards defraying his expenses was opened. Sir Samuel and Lady Baker have arrived in London ; they have accepted an invitation from the Geographical Society, of New York, to visit America next summer, Owen's College, at Manchester, costing one hundred thousand pounds, has been opened with much state, under the presidency, of the Duke of Manchester. The Bishopric of Victoria, Hongkong, is conferred on the Rev. J. S. Bardon, twenty years a missionary in China. General M'Clelland has arrived in England from America and Mark Twain has been lectur- ing to large audiences in London, I The cases of cholera imported into Liverpool from Havre has not resulted in T spread of the disease. Since the departure of the Danish immigrants there has been no outbreak in London. Cholera has declined at the northern ports of Europe, but the utmost vigilance is exercised by the sanitary inspectors. The authorities have made extensive raids upon metropolitan milkmen, lining scores for adulteration, and in turn the latter have held indignation meetings and passed resolutions to raise the price of milk to 6d. per quart. According to the report of the Sanitary Committee, 70 per cent, of the tea imported annually is not tea at all, but leaves of other plants. Ten million lbs. of grossly adulterated tea is now in bond; the committee urge immediate parliamentary action. A handsome testimonial, subscribed for by 275 British exhibitors, was presented to Mr. Owen" secretary of the Royal Commission at the Vienna Exhibition it consisted of a silver dessert service and purse of 1500 guineas and Mrs. Owen received a case of Danish jewellery. The Home Rule agitation in Ireland proceeds vigorously ; the priesthood are giving a qualified adhesion. Mr. Butt lectured on the subject in London and elsewhere. The Irish National Commissioners on Education have passed a resolution that on Father O'Keeffe satisfying them that he is a fit person to exercise that trust, they will recognise him as manager of the Callan Schools. A proposal to reinstate him, however, was negatived by 10 to 4. The matter was referred to the local inspector for inquiry and report. Reginald Herbert, who undertook to row from Maidenhead to Westminster Bridge in twelve hours for £1000, accomplished the journey in ten hours, between 6 and 4. Two members of the Hackney Bicycle Club have taken a pleasure trip to Lands End and back, 300 miles, without disaster. Rupert Kettle delivered an award in connection with the arbitration between the parties in the North of England iron trade. The masters proposed a reduction of 15d. per ton on puddlers and 12, per cent, on other workmen. Mr' Kettle decided against the masters OR all the grounds adduced by them. Meanwhile coal and a iron continue to rise, and the shares of mineral companies advance daily. Mr. Brassey, in an address on economy and trade, at Norwich, said he thought coil must fall in price in about two years, though never to the old rates; he looks for relief. mainly to new methods of economising the use of coal. In Mr. Haliday'a opening address at the Bristol Miners' Conference, he said the Amalgamated Society had nearly one hundred thousand members ; he insisted that workmen had not obtained a fair share of the advanced rates. Eight hundred Leicestershire miners struck on the weighing question. Serious riots by Cornish miners occurred at Camborne, originating in feuds with the police. The Nottingham lace trade strike continues. A general strike is imminent' among Leith sailors. Concessions by masters terminated the masters' strike. V, in Somersetshire four torchlight processions' of agricultural labourers passed off without dis- order ; about 16,000 persons altogether were' present : hundreds of tenant farmers countenanced the proceedings. Railway accidents are declining in frequency and severity, but still numerous collisions have occurred. The Bishop of London's palace narrowly escaped destruction by fire ; the stables, stalls, and coach-house were consumed. A fire at Ardverike Lodge, belonging to Sir John Ramsden, burnt out the inmates and destroyed the Art treasures ; the loss is estimated at £00,000. The adoption of asphalte pavements is rapidly spreading in London. The Transatlantic balloon was repaired, and started from New York on the morning of the 6th, with Messrs. Donaldson, Ford, and Luut, going east; these men were a balloonist, an artist, and a sailor ; after a short sail across Con- necticut, it descended about 100 miles from the starting point. Barnum is in Europe consulting eminent aeronauts on the subject of a voyage between America and Europe. Sir George Grey retires from public life at the close of the present Parliament. The Rev. W. Knight has resigned his ministry in the Free Church. of Mr. Plimsoll was entertained at a banquet at Portsmouth. At Sheffield the steel manufacturers are working only four days a week owing to the dearness of coal. The steamship Ismali foundered on her voyage between America and Glasgow. An amnesty meeting was held on Blackheath, and a monster gathering is announced at Dublin for November 23, the anniversary of the exe- tion of the Manchester Fenians. The Tichborne trial continues. Defendant's case was concluded on the 27th. Mr. Hawkins is now calling rebutting witnesses. Lady Raid I cliffe's re- examination lasted a whole day. She denied the testimony of nearly all the adverse witnesses given during the month. Great excitement was produced by the alleged arrival of Arthur Orton. The evidence of Captain Brown and John Line, steward of the Osprey, who declared they picked up Tichborne, and brought [him to Melbourne, caused much surprise. Road-making is progressing rapidly towards the capital of the Ashantees, who appear to be retreating. Australian tin has attracted attention, and it is pronounced equal in quality to the best English tin. Dave Carson has left with a company for Sydney. Judge Francis returns at the end of November The Samuel Plimsoll, for Sydney, will take I lit) assisted immigrants. 