CONTINENTAL I~MMIGRATION. The following letter has been sent in by the German and Scandinavian committee to the Government:- Brisbane, 16tb September, 1873. Sir,--At a public meeting of German and Scandi navian colonists, convened by advertisement, and held a Birtabane on UthL July, 1873, the committee pre viously elected in the matter of the Alardus was ou thorinsed to submit to the Government suggestions for the amelioration of the German and Soandinavian im migration. For this porpose, and in order to elicit the soundest vanws, we placed ourselves into communication with German colonists of position and experience both here and in the Southern colonies, and now have the honour to tender what we have a right to call well sifted suggestions. We beg to premise that the motive actnating us is a sincere desire to aesist the Government in procuring for the colony a desirable and large immigration from the nontinentofEurope, and it is only with this object we take the liberty of tbs present step. a Oor inquiry has resulted in evidence of a high orer that a large and spontaneous immigration from Ger many could be indoced were steps taken to promulgate amongst the better clases fair and unvarnished ac counts of the colony, and, above all, were Government guarantees offered that miseries like those on board the Alardus shall in future be guarded against by every precaution possible. The present emigration from Germany consists to avery laa extent of people with some means, and from districts where agriculture has reached a very high development. There are at present two great fields to which German emigration is directed, vie., the coontries of the Lower Danube and North America. The first, favoured by the leaders of the German nation, and aupported by all the reight of the German element of Austria and German com merce, is, and will remain, a field of eolonisation against which the indacemente we can offer are sure to be inadequate. All we can hope to do is to attract a portion or that vast living flood now going over to North America. The better classes of German colo nists, as a rule, do not look with unalloyed edmiro tian on American institutions, and certainly do not fancy American rowdyism. It is amongst these classes principally where we can hope to induce to us a spon taneous and a comparatively large emigration, and at less expense, and probably of greater beneft to the colony, tian the present. The committee beg, therefore, to suggeotlet : The advisability, of eireulating gratis among these classes, in pamphlet form, a fair aceount of the colony. We hare made inquiries, and are informed that, up to the present, nothing of the kind has been done, excepting advertisements, the very nature of wchicl is sure to deter emigranta of a superior class. People with a little means, ana who have some nicety as to the eom pany in which they will have to face the discomforts of a long a, voyage, are not likely to be attracted by adnertisements like the following,: " ~Male and female servants can obtain free passage o.t c ?usensland, Australia, by paying 10 thalera' (S0s.) A" valuable snggestion has been made to us by Dr. C. Mocks, the editor of the Autlrelisehe Deuasthe Zsitasag to the effect that those pamphlets should be authentiatedo ay a German society. This gentleman :forcibly' points ot in what bad odour emigration i?b:?mpleto have beecome in Germany through the :iutnsmlrnntality of similar productions issued by the Dcaalian'and other South American Governments. Isa tb?'eabnsce here of a German society of a public b?a'bhiriKateit:'?thle 'pamplhlels might be submitted to ?*hteraldblonLsts, to be elected for that purpose by a •Imsbie -meeting of Germans and Scandinavians of -A isbanb', and be .athenticated by them. Supple :meiera reportsta hould follow from time to time to :eaep tbe noms and the resource of the colony proml. "ently before the public. ·Similar report. in Danish a' nd fsadwesh should be circulated in Seandinania. . We would further draw attehtion to the high phy *. sisal, iniril,'snd intellectual qualities of the inhabit' .ntef' . ?orth Italy, especially of the Lombardian halains. A large emigretson of moat vpluable colonists s nw leaving there lotr South America. The esteem in which a eonsiderable number of North Italians are held in Victoria shows they would prove equally do \- sirable colonists here. Anotherobjeet might be served ly"irsduciag these immigrants to come here-they ' would ntrodnde among us aericultore, the cultiestion 'cithe olive, and other industries favosred by our cli mate, and in wahih they have experience. Pamphlets In Italian distributed in Lombardy would, we believe, be of great seroiee to the colony. These people, in ous opinion, are mueh more desirable than the semi larous 'Polisb peaoantn and Polisle Jews breught here by the Alardns and other German vesselo. '.Immigcation being now the great question in all the Australian colonies, combined action for continental * immigration would-probably result in a regular steam • ;·boat connection between Australia and the German port.. An arrangement as to the distribution of the ummigrsnts among the colonies would appear easily attainable. It stancs to reason how little the best efforts will avail, if occurrences like those on board the Alardus oounteodot. We havetaken all the steps in our power, Sand have received the most cordial assistance from the German prsin thetheso ern colonies; andassuranoes S'?ntitling us to the hope than our efforts will have some Seffect in Germany towards precautionary measures. -' Were it not for this hope, rather than again see ships ;ailing under the German flag to this colony becoming thie coene of wholesale sacrifloe of human life to criminal neglect and rapacious disregard of decency and sanitary necessities, we would oppose and hinder by every means in our power a continnance of immi gration from the continent of Europe. In the case of the Alardua the insufficiency of our colonial passenger laws was severely felt, showing the necessity forupplementing thoImperial Act, the only one in force here, by a local enactment similar to the Victorian Passengers, Harboure, and Navigation Statute, 1885 ; we therefore beg to suggest 2ndly. The adoption of so. 19 to 88, and parts VI. and VI. of the Victorian Act referred to. SIn our opinion it appears a most necessary con Scoomitant to a foreign immigration on foreign ships, ' that the Government should have some control over the shipper in the way of security, we beg therefore to Miggest this; 8rdly-but the mode in which this can be effected vwe do not feel competent to speak upon, merely ex pressing the desire that the security should, if possible, be subject to localjurisdiction, at least to some extent for the enforcement of penalties. We were informed by the Immigration Agent that under existing contracts the shippers are not respon sible for over-crowding and bad ventilation, the whole blame for such occurrences resting on the Queensland agent. We beg to suggest 4thly-thisarrangemeon should be radically chanjed, and the shipper be made directly responsible; in fact, Sif the Victorian Act be adopted, he would be account able indirectly through the master. The functions of the Immigration Board are at pre aent by law confined to mere inquiry into complaints. Evidence is taken, not by oath as before a judicial tribunal, but as voluntary assertions, the truth of which must be gathered from circumstances. We would therefore beg to suggest, 5thly. That the Board should be invested with some judicial authority in cases of this kind, and be compe tent by summary jurisdiction to inflict fines where the Queensland immigration regulations have been sinned against. 6thly, As a guarantee to the German and Scandi navian population of this colony that immigrants of their nationalities shall not be neglected, we would beg to suget that a German colonist become a meem bar of the Immigration Board. Ithly. It was found notably on board the Alardus that the blankets and other ship's utensils sold to the emigrants'in Hamburg were of a wretched quality. We beg to suggest enquiry into this matter, and an arrangement by the Government with a respectable firm at the shipping port to prevent similar occur rences infature. On no account should a sub-agent be entrusted with a commission of this kind. 8th. We have come across several hard cases, where immigrants, having been informed in Hamburg that German coin readily circulated here, had taken con siderable sums in German specie, and here suffered severe loss in exchange. We would suggest that the Government make some arrangement with a local bank for the purchase of such coin from immigrants at the lowest possible rate. Placards in large type should be hung up in the immigration office, indicat ing where exchange can be effected. As a preventive measure similar placards in the shipping office in Hamburg should inform emigrants that British coin only is current here. In conclusion, we beg to state we have received the heartiest co-operation from the German and Scandi navian population of Queensland, and enclose a report in the German and Danish languages circulated by us throughout the colony. While expressing our hope for a speedy amendment of thegrievances now occom panying the continental immigration, we must draw attenion to the proportion of passengers, 848, to the tonnage, 810, of the Alerdus, and regret to find this proportion not improved in the ships now on the way from Hamburn--the Eugenia, 697 tons, carries 323, and the Humboldt, 762 tone, 383 passengers. These ships left in Jane last, about two months after the over.rrowding and bnd state of the Alardus was known here. We 'one the honour to be, sir, Your most humble and obedient servants, For the Committee, H. RItrlsNrN. The Hon. the Colonisl Geeretary, Brisbane. 