LATEST TELEGRAMS. From the Sydney Papers. bruteb.s austimi,iair associated pbess telegrams. Bolls Court. London, August 13. The acceptance of the Mastership of the Rolls by Sir G. Jessel (formerly Solicitor General) has been approved. The Attorney General (Sir J. D. Coleridge) declined to take the oflice. The Governor of Ceylon. London, August 13. It is expected that the Right Hon. \V. H. Gregory, Governor of Ceylon, will shortly resign. Viscount Granard, of Castle Forbes, j Longford, will probably be his successor. Seizure of a British Steamer. London, August 14. A Spanish war vessel has seized a steamer bearing the British flag, and which was about to land arms for the Carlists. Trial of the Claimant. London, August 14. Dr. Keoeally says he can place in the wit ness- box from eighty to ninety carbineers who will identify the claimant us Sir lioger Tich borne. He (Dr. Keneatly) also seeks to refute the evidence about the tatooing by explaining that the marks referred to by witnesses for the prosecution were only temporary. - Transportation of Rochfort. Paris, August 14. It has been decreed that i\f. Rochfort shall be transported to New Caledonia. Obituary. Bombay, August 13. Thomas Chisholm Anstey, barrister-at- law and litterateur, for some time AttorneyGene ral at Hongkong. The Queen. London, August 1 5. Her Majesty is at present residing at Bal moral.. The Postal Question. London, August 15. Sir Daniel Cooper, Sir Charles Cowper (Agent-General of New South Wales), and the Hon. Saul Samuel (Postmaster- General of New South Wales), had anjnterview with Earl Kimberley, yesterday, on matters connected with the ocean postal question. Intercolonial Rifle- Shield for Aus tralia. London, August 15. The Colonial Institute intend providing an intercolonial challenge shield, to be competed for by the riflemen of Australia. Typhoid in London and Cholera in Berlin. London, August 15. The outbreak of typhoid fever is principally confined to Marylebone and May fair. The causes of the visitation are considered excep tional. Cholera is increasing at Berlin. Tue Ashantee Difficulty. ' London, August 15. Colonel Farnell Wolseley has been appoint ed Governor and Commandetfin Chief of the British possessions on the Gold Coast of Africa. The Autumn Manoeuvres. London, August 15. The continued rain hns spoiled the manoeu vre* of the troops at Dartmoor; Sf,izure of a British Vessel. London, August 15. The vessel, seized by a Spanish ship of war, which was about to land arms for the Carlista, is the yacht Deerhound. Colonel Stuart, who was on board, and. the crew, have been de tained at San Sebastian, and will be tried as pirates. Submarine Cables.. London, August 16. A contract has been signed for laying tele graph cables between the Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Aden. Commercial. London, August 16. .Discount, 4 per cent. There has been a large influx of bullion. The Stock Market is steady. Debentures. — New Zealand Consoli dated Fives, 1034- ; Queensland Sixes, Janu ary-July, 1 10 J ; South Australian Sixes, long date 116; Tasmanian Sixes, 1 10^. Shares. — Union Bank of Australia, 42j ; South Aus tralian Bank. 33; London Chartered Bank of Australia, 23|. Tallow, petroleum, and oils are unsettled. New Zealand hemp sold at an advance of £l. -Straits tin, £159. Wallaroo Copper, £91. The wheat market has im proved. Adelaide wheat hds bten cleared by French buyers at 67s. to 69s. ; and the finer qualities have been purchased-at 70s. lo 72s., landed. Adelaide flour is worth 36s. to 40s. per 280 lbs., according to quality. A petition has been presented to wind up the London and Australian Agency Corporation. Cuoleba. ? ' London, August 16. No further cases of cholera beyond those among the Danish emigrants have been re ported in London. Spain. Madrid, August 15. The Cortes approved of a bill calling out 8000 men of the Reserve force. The Carlists ajt Carthagena are preparing for a determined resistance. Insurgent ships fired on foreign frigates, and the fire was returned. No damage done. Shiiping. London, August 16. Arrivals. — Loch Katrine and England's ;Glory, from Adelaide ; Windward from Tas mania. MELBOURNE, Thursday. It ia expected that the woman'Slmnnon will be sufficiently recovered from tho effects of her wound to be placed on her trial for the murder of her child at Hotham. ? A. company has been formed in England with a view to work an iron mine in Tasmania. '? Horatio is being largoly backed for the Metro politan. ? ? ??? Tho Ashburton, barque, sailed on the 6th August from Rangoon for Melbourne, with a full cargo of rice. Captain Machell has entered upon his duties as aide-de-cairp to his Excellency the Governor. The Waterloo Cup Coursing commences ta day. ?'.??.-. The ship Craigforth arrived in tho bay this morning.- ?? ? ? Tho postmaster at Newbridge, and a legal manager of a mining company, have been arrest ed for embezzlement. 1 A portion of the Craigforth's cargo of new teas was shipped for Sydney by the City of Ade laide to-day. » There is a report current that the barge steamer on tho Murrumbidguo, with the first of the Riverina clip, has booa snagged nnd sunk. A challonge has been sent by the City. of Ado laido (s.), to-day, addressed to Mr. Driver, from le Parliament of Victoria to tho Parliament of Sydney, for afcricket match for the benefit of some charity.: It is proposed that the .match shall take place about tho end of October, aud that the place should be left lo future, arrange ment. ' ' , Madame Goddard's concert at the Town If all to- night was a tremendous success; over 3U00 persons Were present. Friday. The Government have abandoned that portion of their proposed law reform which provided for the abolition of the County Courts and additional Supreme Court Judges. It is proposed that' the Parliamentary cricket matches shall be played in Sydney, for the bene fit of the local hospital. A farmer, named Gagoll, shot at his wife and severely wounded her, at Dunccd, during a drunken quarrel. Tho City of Adelaide (s.), took a portion of t!iiv Craigforth's teas. A number of horses arrived in the Maccdon (s.). Another case of infanticide has occurred in the suburbs. ? The coursing is not yet finished. The ties are to be run off to-morrow. Bengal Light was injured in training. A Victorian Shipowners' Association has been formed. A post-mortem examination has shown that the infant found dead in East Melbourne was suffocated. Fitz-Yattendon and Horatio are boat backed for the Derby and Metropolitan. Flour and grain are very firm, and thero is a better (femand. Sugars are scllins freelv. St Lucien's cargo of barley, 4.8. 6d., faulty. Lum ber lias fallen in price. Saturday. A fire occurred yesterday evening at the Vic toria Woollen Cloth Works, Geelong j it origi nated in the drying-room by over-hoating ; the 'main building escaped. The damaga is estimated at £2000 ; the insurance is spread over ten oflicos. ^Fifteen pure-bred Leicester rams for Mr. (Kirkhain's flocks have arrived per Wimmera. A fire — supposed to be. the aet of an incendi ary — wus discovered on Thursday night at Curl ton. Mr. Fiunis, formerly Lord Mayor of London, hns offered us a donation to the Museum a Nineveh curiosity. Madame Goddard's next concert takes place on Monday. The Uruigforth suils for Sydney on Monday with the balance of her cargo of teas — about 600 tons. Sunday. _ R. W. Warclill, accountant of the Victoria Sugar Company and well-known in cricket ing circles, hns admitted to a defalcation of £7000, extending over a number of yours. 'Die defici ency was first discovered in a sum of £200 not being accounted for. He will be arrested. A large fire occurred this morning at Brown's tannery, on the Yarra bank. The dumage amounts to £7000. The premises, which are ia sured iu various offices, were destroyed. Two small fires .broke out at Bullarat to-day, 'and one at Collingwood yesternight ? The Waterloo Cup will be run ofl'.oa Monday. Heavy gales came on this morning ; they have now moderated. ADELAIDE, Thursday. Tho new Colonial Treasurer (Mr. Glyde), in moving the Supplementary Estimates yester night, estimated the revenue for the remaining half of this year at £374,000, making a total of £843.000, or £94,000 over the estimate made by Mr. Barrow in, November last. Tho estimated expenditure is set down at £385,000, making a total of £815,000, and leaving a balance at tho close of the year of £28,000 to the credit of the Treasury. On the item for immigration being moved, Air. Bouoat moved that it be struck out. A debate ensued, and it wns adjourned until to Mr. Iteynolds's lecture wus but poorly attend ed. Mr. Cracknull started to-day overland for Sydney, via the Murray and Darling, for tho purpose of examining the telegraph lines on his route. Father Fitzsimmon.? was drotvned at Euston on Friday. The Legislative Assembly, on the motion of the Treasurer, has consented to niter the com mencement of the financial year from July to June. jliio prisoners Adams and M'-Lean have been found guilty of the murder of Captain Whitta combe, and wero sentenced to death ; the other prisoners, Edgar and llebbeck, were acquitted and discharged. Friday. A_ vote of £5090 for free immigration has boen curried. Cleare'd yesterday, Annie for Port Durwin, witlia hundred passengers. The Prospero has been got off, and has suiled for Melbourne. A crushing of seventeen hundred weight of Princess Louise quartz yielded ono hundred and twenty-nino ounces smelted gold. Wheat sold from 5s. lOd. to 6s. A sale of imported horses averaged £32. HOBAET TOWN, via Melbourne, Friday. Tho foundation-stone of new and extensive iron works hus been luid on the banks of tho Derwent. Saturday. The University Association have resolved to appeal again to the Government asking them to provide suitable buildings, and an annual grant of not less than £3000. The Gothenburg, en route to Port Darwin, got on a rock; she met tho steamer Omeo, and re ports the death of a woman on board that vessel. A memorial -is in preparation for a mitigation of the sentence of death, pussed on Adams and M'Lean, for the murder or Captain Wittacombo. BATHUBST, Thursday. ' Tho proceedings at tho inquest held upon the human remains found on the Orange-rond termi nated to-day. Tho verdict found by tho jury was as follows : — That the human remains found in the fire,, and upon which we are now holding this inquisition, arc tho regains of James Mug goridge, und from tho strong circumstantial evi dence produced we find that tho prisoner, Henry Vincent Jarvis.is guilty of the wilful murder of the said James Mupgendge. A rider wus added complimenting senior-sergeant Gar vin and others in tho police I'orco in reference to the manner in which the case had been conducted. The priso ner heard the verdict without exhibiting auy emotion whatever, and ho was committed for trial by the Coroner tothe next Bathurst Circuit Court. Saturdav. Mr. Alfred Marsh, storekeeper, of Cow Flat, has been missing since Tuesday. Ho.had been in Bathurst, and was. returning home; on the road he culled at Fulvoy's public-house, at Mur dering Swump, and has not been heard of uiuoo. The police 'aro out searching for him. Severul valueless cheques havo been passed to tradesmen in town during tho week, und a man, it is reported, named Stuntou, has been arrested at Truukey as the. delinquent. YOUNG, Thursday. Another aboriginal of Queensland has been arreslcd on suspicion of being concerned in the murder of Hbwcll. Howell's horse, saddle, and bridlo were found in his possession, and also, a pair of trousers covered with blood. There was heavy rain hero this morning not withstanding which the show was largely atten ded this afternoon. Tho sheep exhibited aro specially good. The Hon. tho Premier, to-day, visited tho hospital and other public buildings, and received several deputations. Ho willlcavo early in tho morning for Grenfell. Tho dinner given to the Premier here is the largest ever held in the Lachlan district. ' Muny applications for tickets were refused. Mr.Parkcs joke at grent length. '-He reviewed; the action of tho Government' in rcferenco to the Border duties, postal communication with Europe, the superannuation question, newspaper postage, the standing army, and the railway policy. He, promised, Jn the ensiling session, to deal with, thp subjpt-7 of electoral reform, and to endeavour to bring itl.out.' a revision of the fiscal policy of th«* country. Tho measure of the Government for this purpose would bo studiously and deci sively franii'd in favour of tho liberation of com merce. BRISBANE, Thursday. Mr. Moot, a farmer, was attacked on the Enoggera-road on Tuesday nighf by a man who. stunned him by . a blow with a sapling, then dragged him out of his dray, and partially suc ceeded in cutting his throat with a penknife. GRENFELL, Saturday. Information was received on Wednesday, at Grentell, that the remains of a dead body hud been found at Bogolong, nino miles away. Superintendent Lydiard and the police went out and brought in the remains. They found the body almost a skeleton. It was in a sitting pos ture, strapped under the arms to a stout sapling ; the head had fallen off. It is supppsed that tho death of tho man occurred five months ago. Nobody is reported to be missing. A hair tail on the head snowed the body to have been that; of. a Chinese. An envelope, addressed 'Kong Fat, Sheep Station Yard, Tarcutta,' books in Chinese characters, and cooking utensils, were found near the spot. 