ROCKHAMPTON POLICE COURT. j Saturday, November 22. BEFORE thc Police Magistrate. DRUUKENNE.SK. A female inebriate, who appearer] with a damaged optic, was discharged with a caution, it being her first offence. DESERTION. P. Jacobsen, F. Petersen, and F. Jansen, throe seamen, were charged with deserting thc ship Eugenic, on thc 3rd instant, in Keppel Bay. Mr. A. Feez, as agent for the vesao), wished tc withdraw the charge, as he was not in a position to provo it ; he could not Ereduce the ship's articles, and tho Captain ad left in tho ship for Java some days ago. Permission being given, the charge was withdrawn, and tho |defendants discharged. BREACH OF THE ELECTIONS ACT OF 1872. August Eiseman was charged for that he did on the 29th day of October last, wilfully and knowingly make a false answer to ques- tions put to him in accordance with the 26th section of the Elections Act of 1872, by David Temple, a deputy appointed for the issue of electors' rights for the electoral district of Blackall. Mr. Rees R. Jones for the prosecution, Mr. Milford for the defence. Mr. Milford took a preliminary objection to the information on thc ground that thc C.P.S. was under the Act the only person who was empowered to put the questions and receive the answers alluded to, especially with a view to punishment. Not one elector could be punished who had received a voter's right from Mr. Temple, even supposing they had acted as was alleged against his client. Mr. Jones would say that in looking at the statute they must regard it as one un- divided whole and not single out a particular clause. In the 26th section, the one under which tho information was laid, the Clerk of Petty Sessions and Mr. Temple were for thc purpose of issuing elector's rights one and tho same- they both possessed the same powers. The 28th section gave the Colonial .Secretary power to order the Clerk of Petty Sessions to issue elector's rights, and that gentleman might, with the sanction of the Colonial Secre- tary, appoint a deputy or deputies having the same power as the Clerk of Petty Sessions, except for tko issue of substituted rights. It was not competent for the Court to inquire into the motives that induced the Colonial Secretary to appoint deputies, it would bo suf ticicut for tho Court that he waa appointed. In regard to the 26th section, it should be read with thc whole of thc act, and it should there- fore bo inferred that thc Clerk of Petty Sessions and the deputy had the same power. A false answer given to thc deputy would involve thc same punishment os if given to the Clerk of Petty Sessions himself, and in the present case thc false answers were made to Mr. Temple. Mr. Milford replied, contending that although the C.P.S. bad the power to appoint deputies, it was thc Colonial Secretary who must give thc necessary authority for thc deputy to act, and it was this authority which he should like to sec produced. In reply to Mr. Jones, stating that a particular clause of the Act must be construed by a reading of the whole, he would say that, a clause en- tailing punishment, especially by imprisonment, should lie read according to the letter. Thc interpretation was clear that the clerk of Petty Sessions shonld alone receive answers, which, if falsely given, should bc punishable. Thc Bench thought that in reading Acts of thc Legislature the sections should be read together. It appeared it was the intention of the Legislature to givo thc same power to tho deputies as to thc clerks ot Petty Sessions. He was quite clear upon this point. If Mr- Temple's appointment wera properly made, and lt was proved that any man had given false answers to him, they wonld ia his (Mr. Macarthur's) opinion he amenable to poniBhmeut. Constable Devine proved tho service of a notice on defendant to produce two electors' rights for tho electorate of Blackall, num- bered 724 and 398 respectively. William Herbert Robison proved issuing au elector's right numbered 724 to tho defendant on the 23rd October, and to lüs answering the neoessary queries pat to him. , By Mr. Milford : Witness had an authority from thc Colonial Secretary to visit distant parts of the electorate of Blackall, and was appointed a deputy by the Clerk of Petty Sessions, under the authority of thc Colonial Secretary. David Temple proved that he issued an elector's right to the defendant numbered 398 for the electoral district of Blackall, and that he answered thc necessary questions. By Mr. Milford : Witness issued the right referred to at thc Court House ; the defendant is a German. This was the case for the prosecution. Mr. Milford addressed thc Court, arguing that the Act gave un power to appoint more than one deputy. Now, who was rightly appointed-Mr. Robison or Mr. Temple ? This view of the case would make it difficult indeed for the Court to decide who was the right one, and he would ask the Court to give his client the benefit of the doubt and dismiss the information. Mr. Jones briefly replied, and would leave thc matter entirely in the hands of thc Court. Mr. Milford would call witnesses as to character. Alderman Schmidt, Mr. James Smith, and Mr. W. H. Robison gave the accused an excellent character for honesty, industry, and sobriety. Tho Bench thought that it would not be doing its duty if it did not inflict some amount of punishment for the offence. The defendant was a foreigner, and might not have a sufficient knowledge of the English language to exactly understand his position, and might therefore have laboured under a misapprehension. The defendant would bc imprisoned in the lock-up until 6 o'clock this (Saturday) evening. LARCENY. Richard M'Kelligctt was charged with stealing two bottles of scent, the property of R. L. Dibdin, auctioneer. Plea-guilty to taking them as samples, but with no felonious intent. Constable Walsh : Took prisoner into custody this (Saturday) morning, on a charge of stealing two bottles of scent (produced) ; took them out of the prisoner's pocket, and they were then identified by Mr. Dibdin os his property. In reply to the charge prisoner said " I only took two for a sample. Alexander Tucker, clerk to Mr. Dibdin : Saw prisoner in the auction mart this morning go to the perfumery shelf, and take one bottle and then look around and take another ; was in thc office watching his movements, because he was suspected ; wont into tho auction room with thc intention of telling Mr. Dibdin or a policeman, with a view of giving prisoner into cuatody ; did not seo either, and followed prisoner down to the corner and thon returned ; saw Mr. Dibdin shortly afterwards and told him what had happened ; these arc tho bottles of scent, they are Mr. Dibdin's property, and are worth about five shillings ; witness did not give them to the prisoner nor had he any authority to take thom. In reply to the Bench the accused wished tho case to bc tried by a jury. The Court then committed him to take his trial at the next eittiug of thc District Court, to bc holden in Rockhampton on Monday the 8th December. Bail was allowed £20, aud one surety in the same amount. This was procured immediately and thc defendant liberated. LUNACV. Before thc Police Magistrate and Mr. F. N. Beddck., J.P. Jens Christian Jonson, a Dane, one of thc immigrants per Humboldt, was charged with being a person of unsound mind. Constable Denne took defendant into oustody this morn- ing at thc instance of T. H. Strubor, near the Crescent Lagoon. T. H. Strubcr proved that accused had been wandering about the bush near the lagoon since Friday morning, and from what he saw thought it his duty to communicate with the police. Dr. Salmond had examined tho defendant, but prayed that he be remanded for further evidence ; he could not understand him with- out an interpreter; would get the Danish interpreter, aud ascertain by that means the correct state of defendant's mind. Remanded until Monday for further medical evidence. 