SOCIAL AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND. London, August 18, 1873, That Tap-tubs are winning the day-at least for the present. Skilfully availing themselves of Mr. Gladstone's unpopularity and the resolute determination I of large masses of Nonconformist and other electors not to take part in any election proceedings while the present Ministry retain power, the licensed victuallers are ever) where bestirring themselves and assuming the control of electoral affairs, returning a distiller for Greenwich and a brewer for South Staffordshire. This is the natural result of recent legislative interference with the public-house interest and the crusade preached by the United Kingdom Alliance and Good Templars against the drink traffic, -every day renders it more clear that the battle of Prohibi- tion will have to be fought out on the hustings, but it is equally clear that in the conflict on this question many others of almost incalculable importance will suffer. So far as political and social affairs are concerned we are drifting into a state of anarchy. The Liberal party is being split up into rival sections, while the Conservatives hung together by only the loosest possible ties. What the final upshot of all this will be, no one dares venture to predict, but already the current of social progress is being seriously affected, so far as the labouring classes are concerned. We hear less of movements intended for the ameliora- tion of the condition of our artisan population. Perhaps the recent strikes may have had something to do with this Work is plentiful, and wages are good. Not a cloud is to be seen in the industrial sky. So they drink and are merry. There is no precaution taken against a time of adversity. The larger the earnings the more rapidly are they spent. If a collier gets more money than formerly he drinks champagne instead of me. It is enough to make a social reformer despair. It certainly looks as if the croakings of the older opponents of social progress were not destitute of foundation. Yet there are glimpses of forethought to be obtained here and there. The two orders of Foresters and Oddfellows have been holding their annual High Courts, the proceedings at which shew that recent Parliamentary discussions on the solvency of friendly societies have not been without effect. The Foresters have certainly taken 8 step in the right direction by adopting a rule discouraging the investment of lodge funds in loan or building societies. The great dispute between the late Mr. Tidd Pratt and the various friendly associations arose on the subject of lodge funds. Mr. Pratt very properly maintained that moneys subscribed for certain purposes-say assistance during sickness should be applied to no other. He was not against members of friendly societies investing in loan or building associations, or purchasing banners or regalia, but he would not permit the money required to be taken out of funds formed for other purposes. Experience is teaching the Foresters and Oddfellows that Mr. Tidd Pratt was right. At the some time it is curious to note that the establishment of the Post Office Savings' Banks has had a very depressing influence on the smaller class of friendly societies. Should ever it be made possible for workmen to invest their savings in Government securities, a great impulse will be given to popular thrift Working-class extravagance and recklessness are often less the results of natural impro- evidence than the deficiency of secure and easy modes of investment. It has often been pointed out in these letters that one cause of the success of co-operative societies is that they are based on the ready-money principle. The moment that the credit system is introduced the safety of the associations becomes endangered. Nine tenths of the business of our County Courts is connected with small debts, the majority of these being under ten pounds. Again, the great number of complainants are tallymen, who find the County Courts an efficient means of promoting their interests. They employ every possible inducement to make a W0!k__g-t'la6s family run in debt, and then use the County Court as an instrument for obtaining their money. The other day, in the Clerkenwell County Court, a '. respectable-looking man " was summoned by a tailor and draper for a sum of money alleged to be due from him for articles of wearing apparel. In the evidence it transpired that the defendant had earnestly requested the plaintiff not to tempt his wife in his absence to give orders for clothing. He had also told the plaintiff that at present he could not afford! any further indebtedness. Notwithstanding this, however, the plaintiff had gone to the defendant's wife and had induced her to purchase a coat and some other articles, which formed the subject, of the action. The judge most reluctantly gave judgment for the plaintiff, but expressed himself in the following indignant terms : " It is," he said, " a most disgraceful and disreputable thing that after a man has cautioned such a tradesman as you against giving credit to his wife, you should go directly, in the teeth of that, and make the man a debtor behind his back and against his will hereafter in any such case that is satisfactorily proved before me I shall nonsuit the plaintiff, and I say emphatically that tradesmen acting in such an abominably surreptitious manner ought to be nonsuited in every County Court throughout the United Kingdom." Such cases, however, are more frequent than the public seem to be aware of, and it was this fact which led Mr Commissioner Kerr and Mr Bass, M.P., to obtain the select committee on imprisonment for debt. Of course the telegraph will have told you that we have had visit from the cholera. It broke out among some Danish emigrants who had arrived here on their way to America. As a rule, the vessels in which immigrants arrive from the Continent are in every respect unfitted for the purposes for wheatley are employed, and the wonder is that epidemic , diseases are not more common. As it is, we are in a complete state of alarm, and begin to regret the past neglect of sanitary precautions. While we have been wrangling about what ought to be done, the enemy has arrived at our gate, and is creeping through. Of course we have the requisite machinery, only it is so cumbrous and difficult to let in motion. The Public Health Act may help us in future emergencies, but at present it is powerless, the preliminary work not even being commenced. By this Act, which was passed last year, it is enacted that-" From and after the passing of this Act, England shall be divided into sanitary districts to be called > respectively, (I) Urban sanitary districts, and (2) Rural sanitary districts ; and such urban and rural sanitary districts shall respectively be subject to i val ,,, ' II 5-.' "to, 15 " " 3's <t " " l am in! the jurisdiction of local authorities, in this Act called urban sanitary authorities and rural sanitary authorities." Sections 4 and 5 describe the bodies that shall act as sanitary authorities according to cir- circumstances such, for example, as a Town Council, Improvement Commissioners, or Guardians of a Union, The Act proceeds to define the powers and duties of the sanitary authority, and requires that every authority shall from time to time appoint a medical officer of health, The Local Government Board issued regulations, dated November 11, 1872, in which define the position and duties of a medical officer of health more exactly than had been done before. The duties are detailed in section 4, which consists of eighteen paragraphs. He has not only to send in reports on the health of his district, and, so far as he can trace them, on the causes and distribution of disease, but also to keep a watchful eye over certain things that might be injurious to public health, such as overcrowding in dwelling- houses, the carrying on of offensive processes of trade, or the sale ed food unfit for use, We. Provision for the interference of authorities on many of those matters had been already made in previous Acts of Parliament,. and with first a medical officer of health has to be acquainted. When it is further remembered that his inspection extends to the healthy construction of houses and the management of drains, a little reflec- tion skill show that, besides his strictly medical training, he requires knowledge of a complex nature for the proper discharge of his duties. Unfortunately the medical officer of health is becoming a kind of parochial servant-of-all-svork. He is expected to do everything, and the result is that in many places he has too much to do to perform his duties properly. Just now he is expected to act as public analyst, an occupation quite sufficient to take up the whole of his time, that is, if the various duties be cilieicnUy discharged. The Act itself is a good one, but its provisions are likely to become nullified in consequence of the inability of the public analyst to enforce them. True, in some districts the dishonest grocer, butter, and milk dealer have been heavily tine us, but what is the use of punishing a dozen men it a hundred etc allowed to escape scot free? In some instances the law has been trained for the purpose of punishing unintentional adulteration, while the real culprits have received merely a nominal punishment. The public analyst has, moreover, another and in superable difficulty to contend with many of the vestry officials who employ him are the chief offenders. Of course they cannot prevent the provisions of the Act being enforced, but they can punish the individual who enforces them. Here is the great difficulty of the matter. Local self-government is a fine thing, but it has its inconveniences. It is a fine thing to be independent of Downing-street or Whitehall, but when that independence is purchased at the price of jobbery, corruption, and official inefficiency, the cost becomes a trifle too high. But the ratepayers are much to blame. If the cats will not look after the mice, the cheese is sure to be eaten. Asa rule, ratepayers will not interfere in parochial affairs. and the various vestrymen and other officials virtually elect themselves. The other day, in one of the London parishes, only 133 ratepayers out of 17,000 votes at the vestry elections. Here we have the secret of local government failures. The ratepayers do not care by whom they are governed, so long as the semblance of independence is maintained. They pi offer the shadow to the substance. Hence the rapid growth of local taxation. True, the objects for which the taxes are raised are, in themselves, of the most important character, but the waste involved is frightful, and must sooner or later lead to a crKn. Already our local burdens are beginning to rival those imposed by the Government, and the only help procurable seems to consist in altering the shape of the burden. A nice predicament, is it not Another point on which medical officers of health find themselves hampered is the altered views of the public with regard to certain sanitary matters. An instance of this has just occurred in the report of the select committee on Noxious Businesses. It appears that by the 54th section of the Metropolis Building Act of 1841, a time when the Sanitary Reform Move- ment was most powerful, it was made absolutely illegal, after the lapse of thirty years-that is, after 1871-to carry on certain businesses in the metropolitan area in any premises nearer than 50 feet from a dwelling-house or 40 feet from a public way. The trades thus affected are specified as those of " blood boilers, bone boilers, fellmongers, slaughterers of cattle, sheep, or horses ; soap boilers, tallow metters, and tripe boilers." When the time arrived for putting the law into operation, the persons affected made a great outcry, and protested against the Act being applied to an altered state of affairs to that existing in 1841. They pointed out that, however noxious a business might be, so long as the proprietor complied with the provisions of the Health Act, it could not be a legal nuisance. The committee were much impressed with this view of the case, and, after hearing some evidence on both sides, resolved upon recommending that these " noxious businesses," as they are termed, shall be allowed to remain, subject to stringent rules and frequent inspection. If a case of nuisance can be established against them, then they are to be banished ; but the committee are of opinion that if Parliament wishes to banish these trades by an enactment the change should be made in a direct manner, and not in directly, as in the case of the Building Act. This is a very important resolution, and one in which-curious as it may seem the colonies are interested, for it is connected with the price of meat in this country. It seems that the powerful opposition to the Act arose from the proprietors of private slaughter-houses. The opposition thus evoked was so powerful that the committee were led to express an opinion that they would allow I the private slaughter-houses to remain, subject to strict supervision, and also under such conditions as would not only discourage the increase of these establishments, but would ultimately tend to reduce their number. In 1866 a Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Trade in Animals" reported favourably of private slaughter-houses, saying, '' The live markets are not unhealthy in themselves, nor - are slaughter-houses, if properly kept." The committee of 1866 suggested that the carcase butchers killing animals for the purpose of selling them wholesale in the dead meat market, might very well make use of a public slaughter-house adjoining the live market. This would reduce the number of animals driven through the 1 streets, itself a very desirable reform, both for the sake of the cause and the meat. But the committee of 1866 considered that the slaughter-houses of the retail butchers stood on a very different footing, and that the abolition of these would be a great hardship. The present committee, in recommending the reten- tion of private slaughter-houses, propose a plan which they think calculated to reduce the number of those attached to the shops of the retail butchers. The plan proposed is that additional private slaughter-houses, varying in size, should be constructed, and other conveniences given, at the Copenhagen Fields Market, and at other markets, if established, " so as to induce butchers to slaughter animals on the spot, and not drive them through the streets to their own premises." The committee wish in this matter to be understood as drawing a clear distinction between private slaughter-houses be attached to markets and public slaughter-houses possessed of the market authority. A word about the present feeling in favour of Australian meat. That its consumption is steadily on the increase cannot be denied, but this consumption would be larger could the fatty taste be got rid of. When preserved in tins, the juices seem to be forced out of the meat and become replaced by fat if the meat is cooked, this does not matter, but if the meat be eaten cold it creates an after-loathing which prevents further resource being had to the meat. If ever it is possible to bring meat here preserved by the freezing process, almost every possible objection to the use of Australian meat will be overcome. But can this be done The only other chance seems to consist in throwing more capital into the various distributive agencies in this country. Next to food comes the question of house accommodation, and here it is very satisfactory to find that in one of the few instances in which a philanthropic movement has been based upon commercial principles the results have proved all that could be desired. The directors of the Improved Industrial Dwellings Company (limited), in their report just issued, congratulate the members upon the complete success which has attended the efforts of the company during its ten years' existence. At the outset many doubted if the work could, in a commercial sense, be satisfactorily carried on but the results have proved, that the favourable opinions so strongly entertained by Sir Sydney H. Waterlow, the founder of the company, and these associated with him, were well grounded. The difficulties which at first arose from the erroneous idea which obtained among some of the working classes, that certain restrictions affecting their liberty of 1 action would be imposed, ' have long since passed away'. Upon the opening of new buildings the appli- cations are always four or five times greater than the number of dwellings; while the fact that quite 50 per cent, of the ordinary applications come from old tenants is in itself. gratifying evidence that the comforts and conveniences provided, and the healthy character of Ike dwelling»,.»!» bow fully appreciated. retail.,' u'MlllMil"- 19, It." 'j: .' J I As regards the sanitary state of the buildings, fray, be observed that in 1872 there were only eighty Reatta of the estates, or 16 8 per 1000 persons, the death, rate in the metropolis being 21 per 1000 During the eight years the buildings have been occupied the average death-rate has been 16 per 1000, wind that for the metropolis has been nearly 24, and when it borne in mind that in the buildings erected by the company (they being solely for family occupation) the birth-rate is high, and that the death rate u alway b greatest among infants, it will be seen how favourably the sanitary condition of the buildings will compare with that of the metropolis generally But why, it may be asked, if this association be this successful, are not others formed on like principle! Because the, chief object of meat such associations u to provide a salary for the secretary If the income be £160 per annum, at least 300 goes in salaries, and so on in proportion If the work was done more for the Bake of the work, rather than of the salary the results would be very different Hut house and building property are things with which philanthropists seem to care little about meddling with Sonis how or other, they seem to bring with them a sense of difficulties Tendering inevitable the employment of lawyers, and frequently) involving them in heavy costs From these disagreeables the Industrial Dwellings Company appear to have been singularly free, a result, p iHBibly, of the care edward exercised before taking the least step There is room for a bundled such association. in London alone, but where shall yet find the energy and forethought necessary to ensure success 8 It is very satisfactory to find pauperism steadily as he decrease The latest weekly return of metro politan pauperis in shows that the tout number of paupers last week was 98,072, of whom 3½02 were in workhouses and 61 970 received outdoor relief Compared with the corresponding week in the years 1872, 1873, and 1370, these figures show a decrease of 3402, £1 40, and 29 206 respectively the number of vagrants relieved on the lnstdiyof the week was 451, of whom 2') 1 were then) 122 women, and 39 children under 16 Unfortunately we have dark side to the picture Pauperism is, we admit, of the decrease, for there is ample) ment for all who are willing to work , but improvidence is on the increase Never did our publicans drive with a roaring trade as at present It is the golden age of Boniface, one in which his coffers are over flowing with coin, but at whose coat t Proapentr does. not always signify prudence We are working Iosh hours than ever, and are paid higher terms for our labour, yet we are not content We must -Iwtyi The drinking or playing If we do not spend out money in drink, we waste it in holiday-making It is computed that the recent bank holiday cost the 1 ondoners nearly half a million in hard cash Poa sibly it may be an exaggeration, but the coat must have been heavy We are in the position of the old lady who wanted to burn and save her candle at one and the same time Holidays are capital things in their way, but there can be too much of them Poor. merely they were too few now they are becoming too man) The Saturday half holiday and the general shortening of the hours of labour have done much to lessen the need for wholesale cessation from toil, but no, we are earning more money, and we must have more time in which to spend it And so we dance idly along to the sound of pipe and Labor, traces BCiouH that we are nearing the edge of the precipice But, perhaps the RC Jeremiads are not to the Uete of colonial reneletB They like the fees, but would rather not have the skeleton present Very likely, but if they could only dive below the surface here, and behold a portion of the bitter misery and hopeless despair which threatens, at no distant day, to cloud the bright sunshine of our property), they would take a less optimist view of things We like to give on the bright side, to look forward with feeling of hope and cheerfulness, but we cannot forget that there is a canker in the rose, that while; we revel in our seeming happiness there are thousands and tens of thousands bowed down in abject misery Ever) dayftndetu yielding to the doctrines of expediency rather than of principle, endeavouring to stave off the evil day, and flattering ourselves that we are doing all that can be done But we may paint a sparrow as much as we like all the yellow pigment in the world will not make it a canary We may whitewash the covering of a cesspool, but it will not prevent the emanation of noxious vapours In like manner all this superficial treatment of social evils, which silently but surely permeate the fabric of civilized society, is useless, and even worse than useless, for it leads us into a false confidence, worse than even the danger itself For this reason it may be that a season of adversity, however painful and trying, may prove a blessing in disguise It may awaken us to our real position, and show us how fatal is the continued neglect of car responsibilities. But there, we do not intend to preach a sermon, although it was impossible, while the mood was on us, to refrain from expressing the thoughts engendered by our monthly) survey of social affairs Perhaps our readers will forgive us, if not we can only shrug our shoulders and promise tout and not offend again. JOHN PLUMMER. 