.1 Gt&TiS;, t.,\ t ., L , Ji - iu'KA a MX. , Tta following loiter has uow tweu seat 3D by tbe j s$«nw and SoMiiliuiiviiui auiumittee to the Uovern. ? -|n*nti— ' * Brialiane, 15th September, 1873, -s -? JBlfci— At apublia meeting of -'*ruisn and Scan \- JttuaXIftn ootouisU, oouvtmed by ndvertieeuient, *ud '-^UttAiafaanawn Utb July. 1873. the ooinraittw .pnevjbufdy elect*! in the umtter of the ?' Alardiu, *»»»tl»«miod to aubiuit to tho Government sng . rations fur tne anieliordfioa oi uu ubiu™ ««» \- Scandinavian immigration. Forlhii purpose, and in order to elicit tbeeoundest liewa, We plaued ourselves -u eomraurieation with Centum colouiste of position aud experience botu Jtettf *ud in the Southern colonies, and now have the honor to tender what we have a nght to call well tiftedsuggcations. We beg to preniise that the motive actuating us is a auioere desire to assist the Government in pro curing for tlie oulouy a desirable and large lmuugra tion from the continent of Europe, and it is only witbthisobiect we take the liberty of tbepresentstep. Oar enquiry has resulted in evidence of a bigb srder that a large and siiontoneuus immigration from Germany could be induced, were steps taken to promulgate amongst the better classes fair and un varnished accounts of tho colony, auil, above all, were Government guarantees offered that miseries like those on board the Alardus shall in future be guarded against by every precaution possible. The present emigration from jUermauy consists to a very large extent of j»eople with some means, and from districts where agriculture has reached a very high development. Tlicre are at present two great 'fields to which German emigration is directed viz., the countries of the Lower Danube and North Ame rica. Tho first, favored by the leaders of the tier man nation, and supported by nil tho weight of the German element of Austria aud German commerce, is, and will remain, a lield of colonisation against which the inducements we can offer are sure to be inadequate. All we ran liojie to do is to attract a portion of that vast living llood uow going over to liorth America. TLo better classes of German colonists, as a rule, do not louk with unalloyed ad miration on American institutions, aud certainly do not fancy American rowdyism. It is amongst thefe classes principally where we can hope to induce to us a spontaneous aud a comparatively laiye emigra tion, and at less cx|-en6e, aud probably of greater benefit to the colony than the present. The committee beg, therefore, to suggest— 1st: The advisability of circulating gratis auiuiig these classes, in pamphlet form, a iair account of the colony. We have made enquiries, and are informed that, up to the present, l.otm'ug of the kind has been dune, excepting advertisements, the very na ture of which is sure to deter emigrants of a supe rior class. People « ith little means, aud who have some nicety as to the company they will have to face the discomforts of a long sea voyage, are not likely to be attracted by advertisements like the following : — ' Male and female servants can obtain free pass age to (^uceuslaud, Australia, by paying 10 thaleiss'' (30s ) A valuable suggestion has been made to us by Dr. C. Mucke, the editor of the AufiivlUtU Deutsche Ziitung, to the ctl'ect, that those pamph lets should be authenticated by a German society. This gentleman forcibly puiutsout iu what bad ocL'iu emigration pamphlets have become in (le'-rniany through the instrumentality uf similar productions issued by the Brazilian aud other .South American Governments. In the absence Lcre of a German society of a public character, those pamphlets u:igkt be submitted to several coluuiEts, to be elected lor that purpose by a public meeting of Germans aud Scandinavians of Brisbane, aud be authenticated by them. SuppkuieuUuy ivporU shuuld follow fivui time to time to keep the name and resources, of the I coiouy pruaiiiaiitly befoie tiio pullie. £-iiniUr re- i ports iu Danish and Swedish skuaM be circuUted in ! ijcandinavia. We would farther draw attention to the higli physical, Uior.il and intellect ual qualities of t!ie inlia-bitants -if North Italy, especially of tlie Lnni bardiau plaius A large emigration of .i c»t valuable colonists is now leaving there for South America. The esteem in which a considerable number of Noltli Italians ai-u held iu Victoria shows they would prove equally desirable colonists h re. Anollier uliject might be served by inducinp thete immigrants to come here— they would introduce aiuojig us seiieul tare, the cultivation of the olive, aud other indus tries favored tiyour cliuute, ami in whieli they liavu experience, Pamphlets iu Italian distributed in Lombard)' would, we believe, be of yreat service to the colony. I ht^e |Mi-pli-, in our opinion, arc much more desirable than the seini-barbarous Polish peasants and I'olish Jews brought here by the Alanlus and other German vessels. Immigration being now tho gie'at question in all the Australian colonies, combined action for con tinental immigration would probably result iu a regular steamboat connection between Australia and the Herman ports. An arrangement as to the dis- ' tributinu of the ininiigraulgamongthe colonies would appear easily attainable. it stands to reason how little the best efforts will avail, if occurrences like those on board the Alanlus counteract. We have taken all the steps in our power, aud have received the most cordial assistance from the German press iu the southern colonies ; ! aud nKBUranc.es entitling us to the hope that our | efforts will have some effect iu Germany towards ! precautionary measures. Were it not for this hope, j rather than again see ships sailing under the German j flag to this colony, becoming the scene of wholesale sacrilice of numar. life to criminal neglect and rapa. \- cioug disregard of decency aud sanitary necessities, we would oppose and hinder by every means iu our power a continuance of immigration fruni the con tinent of Europe. In the cuse pf the Alardus the insufficiency of our colonial passenger laws was severely felt, &iiou; iug the necessity for supplementing the Imperial Act, the only one iu force here, by a local enactment, similar to the Victorian ' Passengers, Harbors, aud Navigation Statute, 1SG5,' we therefore beg to suggest — 2nd)y. The adoption of s.s. 19 to 38, and parts VI and VII of the Victorian Act referred to. In our opinion it appears a most necessary con comitant to a foreign immigration on foreign ships, that the Government should have some control over the shipper in the way of security, we beg therefore to suggest this ; 3rdly — but the mode in which this can be effected j we do not feel competent to speak upon, merely , expressing the desire that the security should, if i possible, be subject to local jurisdiction, at least to I some extent for the enforcement of penalties. j We were informed by the Immigration Agent that ' wider existing contracts tbe shippers are not respon sible for over-orowding and bad ventilation, the whole blame for Each occurrences resting on the Queensland Agent. We beg to suggest 4th!y— This arrangement should be radically changed, and the shipper be made directly respou tiblo; in fact, if the Victorian Act be adopted, lie would be accountable indirectly through the master. The functions of the Immigration Board are at present by law confined to mere inquiry into com. '^jpiainta. Evidence is taken, not by oath, as before * judicial tribunal, but to voluntary assertions, the ITOthof which most be gathered front circumstances. * - We would therefore beg to suggest, «Wy. That the Board should bo invested with fMM Judicial authority in coses of this kind, and W flo-nrpetent by summary jurisdiction to inflict COM Where the Queensland immigration regulations * r Jta«« been tinned against. * ? **i.,-ff™y- A»*goamntee to tbe German and Scan »*if -iaift»*«-|X*-»l»«-« -* this colony that immigrants i^ttASS^ mtolditu* shall not le neglected, we M44PMMU Mg to suggest that a German colonist become fjftjVmWWotthelmmlgratioa Board. 5»«-BfflMfr *t«*s-bttid uotably on board the A Urdus LmaMB^gwtaMiA «tuer Chip's oteusUs .old to -ms3&&ff;£totlg**fo Hamburg were of a wretched gtK^HWr- Webeg to«Baratt OTqulry into thU mat HgMlS§&*mqg««MrVy thebovermnent with a wgMaKfimSBmm *t «lw slupping port to prevent ^^g^^wSTto- tnutedwith.oommi-ion Wmm mm**4 In iwneluMoo. we b«g h. stste ws have reooivod the heiitiert oo-owmtion from the Uerm*n and Hdinitinsvian poiHuatiou (J QnBeu-dan(I, and oncloae a repoH in miioram and Daiuab languaues ciwsa iated liv us throughout Uw coiouy. While exprea siiigourhonefora»peedy auiendmuut of thegriev auves sow aooamp«uying the onutiuttuUl imuiigra tiou, we must draw attention to tbe proportion of passenger*, 3*8, to the tonnage, 810,-of the Alardus, aud neret to find this proportion not improved in tbe ship* now on the way from Hamburg— the Eugenia, 607 tons, carries 323, aud the Humboldt, 763 tons, 3SS passengers. These ships left in June last, about two months after tbe overcrowding and bad state of the Alardus was known hero. We have the honor to be, Sir, Tour most humble and obedient servants, 1'or the Committee, U. Kutbkiko. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary, Brisbane. 