THE EMIGRATION OF AGRICULTURAL LABOREBS. From three to four thousand people as-<*> sembled in the Market-square, Aylesbury, last Sunday afternoon, to hear from Mr Edward Richardson a statement of the voyage and settlement of the emigrants who left by the Bamsey for Queensland. Mr Biehardson made his appearance shortly after half-past 2, and mounted a phaeton which was placed in the centre of the square. He was warmly received. After a verse or two from the Laborers' Union Hymn book had been sung, Mr Biehardson began his address. He reminded his hearers that about six months ago he stood in the same place, on the same day of the week, with hun dreds of the same faoes before him, and with the same subject to deal with. But be appeared now under a somewhat different aspect. In March he addressed those who were about to leave this country for Queensland; now he had to speak of their safe voyage and arrival there. (Cheer*.) It was Sunday, but he would not argue tbe question whether that day was the most suitable or not; only he might remark that he did not come to speak to them as an emigration agent, but to tell them of the welfare of their own flesh and blood. Sunday was a day on which the sons of toil and all interested could come to hear and see him, and speak to him openly and frankly about the Bamsey emigrants. He was most anxious that all their friends should be furnished with the necessary information concerning them. It had been reported that he bad never been out to Queenslend at all, but of that allegation they would themselves be able to judge from the facts he was now about to lay before them. Before he quitted Queensland to return he left every man, woman, and child, married or tingle, who had been entrusted to his charge, in work, and in a home, and, he believed, all of them were in good health When he left them nine weeks ago. (Cheers). Every friend and re lative might now rest assured of the fact that the immigrants' lives were as safe in Queensland as in any part of England. Soores of relatives were then before him, who must have received letters verifying the facts stated. Besides, he was the humble bearer of £63 in cash, sent back by some of the emigrants themselves for their friends, the money having been generously advanced by their new employers (Cheers). Several of the master farmers of the colony had desired him to spend a day or two at their homesteads. When would suoh an offer be made to him by the farmers in this or the adjoining counties P (A Voice—" They would rather eject you without even a week's notice to quit"—hear, hear, and laughter). He had the satisfaction of being able to give a very favorable account of the voyage out, and of the. behaviour of all on board. Not a single offensive remark was heard; in* deed the young men formed a "No Swearing Club," and the injunction of its title was strictly carried out. During hi* four weeks sojourn in Qnjtnsl&d;, h* art with out nutorm kind and ooorUooa reception ; and hit travels to and fro, by rail, hone, and foot extended orer 1600 nilen The speaker then referred in favorabl* terms to the produots of the colony, especially of the gardens and farms belonging to Mr Jarrott, brother of Mr Jarrott, the grocer, whose shop and residence was now before him in the Market square. Mr Jarrott's place wm on the Brisbane River. Mr.Biehardson, in eonolasion, tendered hif thanks to the Aylesbury friends who had so readily supplied books and periodicals for th* use of the emigrants going oat in the Bamsey. He assnred the reipectire contributors that their gift had been duly appreciated; some inaUnoesj of good resulting therefrom were quite jevident. (Cheers.) Personally he felt proud of the) favors shown and the confidence thus reposed in him, which he hoped would continue to bo deserved. (Cheers.) After • Terse of • laborers' hymn had been sung, and a collection made on behalf of a distressed returned emigrant from Brazil, th* proceedings, whioh had throughout been of tho most orderly and respeotful kind, were brought to a close, having occupied about one hoar and a quarter.— Buck* Newt. Tn Journal Officiel states that the credit of Franca remains one of the first in the world, and adds that of the 200,000,000f. in gold placed at the disposition of the Government to pay the last instalment, the Treasury only mad* made use of 150,000,000f. Thi oab proprietors of Berlin were a short time ago sentenced to fines amounting to about 20,000 thalers, for resorting to a general strike without proper notice. They have sinoe pe titioned the Empsror to remit the fine, and His Majefcty has just granted a general pardon. THI Journal of the Society of Art* sayi that a curiosity in shorthand writing is shown at th« Vienna Exhibition, by Herr Sohreider, Professor of Stenography at Vienna. It consists of tho whole Iliad of Homer written in so small a ■pace as to be enclosed in a nutshell. ■ Military, improvements in Austria seem to go hand-in-hand with constitutional reform*. Special attention has of late been paid to tho cavalry, the object being to make each recruit not merely a complete cavalry soldier for ordi nary duties, but a thoroughly good horseman, able to ride across country, and break a stirrup leather or a rein without suffering any great in convenience. A number of other reforms aro introduced. A bkubk has been issued of the accident! attended and unattended with loss of life or personal injury reported to the Board of Trad* by the several railway companies in the United Kingdom, as having occurred during the year ending 81st Deoember, 1872. In Scotland 168 persons were killed and 382 injured during tho year 1872. The number killed on the Caledo nian in 1872 was 76, and 108 injured i City of Glasgow Union, 4 injured j Highland, 1 killed, 10 injured; North British, 66 injured. Iff the Negapatam Port lately two divert were engaged in recovering some railway permanent way. One of the men suddenly appeared above water and told the oaptain for whom he was working that while under water a large fish had darted past, striking him with its tail or fin. As the other workman oould not be found it is supposed a shark must havo ■wallowed him entire.— Bombay Qatette. Twibtttoki and a half years ago Bir Garnet Wolseley entered the Army as Ensign. He bag now been accorded the rank of Major-General whilst employed on the West Coast of Africa, and the promotion will no doubt be confirmed in the event of the expedition he is to lead " proving a suooess." Sir Garnet Wobeley** career pretente a striking example of rapid strides up the Udder of advancement. Thi following is what the Herald says of th* dangers attending travel by the street railroad* in New York :->" Many families are compelled to endure the heat in the best way they can ia their own houses, not venturing to trust them selves in the evening to the tender mercies of a ruffianly conductor, even as far as Fifty-ninth street. Overcrowded, ill-ventilated oars, each with its squad of thieves and drunken rowdies, and insolence, profanity, and general ruffianism, are not calculated to inspire any peaceable per* son with a desire to visit those sylvan retreats, <so near and yet so far.' As for the director* of some of the city railroads, they are profoundly indifferent to the rights and demands of th* public As long as they oan pocket their divi dends and make those coveted articles as largo as possible, the conductors and drivers may do what they please to outrage the feelings of street-car passengers." Thi Icelanders are demanding a new Oonitfc tution, and the Danish Government are said to have come to a favorable decision on the ques tion. The Correspondence from the Sound, in an article on this subject, remarks that if loeland oould obtain a free Constitution next year, tho Icelanders will probably celebrate that event together with the thousandth anniversary of tho colonisation of the Island. The discoverer of Iceland was a Dane named Gardar, who, in crossing the sea from Scotland, was overtaken by a storm whioh drove him on the ToHandlo coast. Here he passed the winter, aiid gave the island the name of Gardaraholm. Shortly after a Norwegian, Nadod, was also driven to the coast by stress of weather, and in 868 another Norwegian, Floke, landed on the island, lived there for a year, and called it Iceland. It was not until 874, however, that a> permanent settlement was effected. The Nor wegian Ingolf, having been banished by King Harold Haarfager for a series of murders, proceeded to loeltnd in that year with hi* foster-brother Leif, and formed the first settle ment at or near the spot where Beykiavik, the present capital, is situated. Several other Nor wegians followed their example, and the island thus soon became populated. Some of these settlers discovered Greenland; and the Corre** pondenee states that about the year 1000 several Northern adventurers penetrated as far a* the American continent, and discovered th* country which is now called Massachusetts. " The collection which the celebrated Norwe | giau violinist Ole Bull is now making among his countrymen for the erection of a monument to the Norwegian Leif Erioaon, the first dis coverer of Amerioa, is not without historical justification, for Leif trod on American soil 400 years before Columbus, and there are various indications that Columbus himself knew of tho journeys of the old northern navigators to America." Akbbicav Eduoaxiov.—The Philadelphia Public Ledger says :— " The report of our Board of Education shows that the average attendance at all our publio schools in the year 1872 was 72,025, and that of these there were in the primary schools, 35,334; in the secondary schools, 18,151; in the consolidated schools (embracing primary, secondary, and grammar sohool clastes), 6314; in the grammar sohools, 12,126; and in the two high aohools no more than 1100, or only about one in 65 of the whole number. Casting out of the aocount the 5314, pupils in the consolidated schools, concerning whom we have nothing to show the several pro* portions, of primary, secondary, and grammar pupils, and also casting out the 1100 pupils of the high sohools, we have as remainder 65,611 as the aggregate number of the pupils who at tend the graded sohools. Of these only 12,126 get as far as a grammar sohool; the other 63,485 end their publio school eduoation, and in all probability the whole of their education, by the time they leave the secondary school. A little over 18 per cent, of onr publio sohool pupils get the advantage of a part of a grammar school eduoation j and more than 81 per oent. do not. Now let us descend one step further, to the bottom of the grade. Of the 63,485 pupil* in the primary and seoondary sohoob, 35,334 are in the primaries and only 18,151 are in the secondaries. This is the tnoit lamentable of the exhibits of these statistics, for it shows that more than 53 per oent. —considerably more than one-half—of our publio school pupil* end their school education in the primary schools. What this means will be understood by those who know what a primary school is j but for those who do not, it may be stated, that at the end of a primary school course the pupil may be able to spell and read short, plain words, do a few simple * sums' in figures, write a little (mainly on slates),and repeat afew eaty lessons from a child* geography. With these crude rudiment* of school learning, more than one-half of our publio school pupils go out to the work of life. This is a deplorable fact, which th* OM&munity; ibjoald look squarely in th* fte*." 