NEWS OF THE DAY. The negotiations respecting the Border duties between the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales are not progressing very favorably. Mr. Francis lias received a tele gram in reply to the one lie despatched to Mr. l'nrkcs on Friday last. The reply is of such a character as to intimate that Mr. Parkcs is by no means likely to accede to the proposals of Mr. Francis. Tho annual commencement of tho Mel bourne University was celebrated on .Satur day afternoon, when the quadrangle of tlie Medical School, which had been jittcd up for tho occasion, presented as animated and brilliant an appearance as upon any former year. The vice-chaneellor, Dr. Brownlcss, expressed regret that sufficient time had not been allowed to prepare an address for presentation to his Jixctllency the Governor, who, together v.'ith Lady Bowen, was present, and took a deep interest in the pro ceedings. In the course of a most practical address to the students, Sir George Bowen, wiio is a M. A., Oxon., announced his in tention, upon the next opportunity, to take liis . ad enndem degree at the Melbourne University, and also to present a prize to he annually competed for, the subject to be hereafter fixed by the vice- chaneellor ami council. Some surprise was experienced on Satur day forenoon by tho return of tlie s.s. Atrato to Hobson's Bay, anil, it was feared that soino untoward event had occurred. Fortunately it was found that tho return to port was caused by the cook having failed to join the vessel, and as Ins absenct had been discovered before much progress had been made, the vessel was put nlmut at once. Tlie truant was found on shore and shipped, nndtho ship then proceeded wn her voyago. Mr. and Mrs. Baylcss were among tho pas sengers by tho vessel. Ail adjourned meeting on question of site or sitC3 for tho erection of State schools in tho borough of Brunswick was liulil iu the Mechanics' llr.ll on Friday evening, with tho mayor presiding. The resolution setting forth the desirability of having two such schools to meet tho future require ments of tho borough was warmly contested by those in favor of one school, centrally situated and well officered; but ns tho pro moters explained it was intended to ask only for the erection of one building for tlie present on such a site as would not jeopar dise the erection of n second school when required, the mover and seconder of the amendment desired to withdraw it, but were refused permission to do so l>y the meeting, whose voting power was about two to one in favor of tho two schools. Five persons to act as a hoard of advice to confer with the Minister were elected by a show of hands. The ladies, it appears, are not to bo with out rivals amongst tho sterner sex in the profitable industry of silk production. We understand that Mons. Nercvy, who is. said to have had much experience in tho -magna- neries of France, is getting up a company composed solely of gentlemen, with a view to immediate operations. A sum of i'2000, it is said, is already subscribed, and the names of three or four gentlemen of iiilluence are given as the pmmoters of tho undertaking, it is expected that matters will lie suffi ciently advanced at the close of this week to admit of tho company being registered at once, and the despatch of business entered upon without delay. On Friday evening the North German ship Alardus, from Hamburg, bound to Brisbane, anchored at Queenscliff, the captain having mysteriously disappeared on the previous morning while at sea. As soon as she an- chored she was boarded by Dr. Williams, the health officer, who found that the chief officer was incapacitated from duty in con- sequence of a severe attack of phthisis, and that there was also a considerable amount of sickness on board. He at once forwarded tho following telegram to Dr. M'Crea, tho chief medical officer: — "Alardus, ship, 158 days from Hamburg, with 339 Ger- man immigrants, bound to Brisbane, de- tained. She put in consequent upon the disappearance of the captain yesterday morning, and the chief officer's sickness. The surgeon reports that nineteen children had died from diarrhoea, convulsions, meas- les, and whooping cough, one heart disease, one typhus, and three enteric fever. The first fever case occurred 16th February, and the last on the 16th of March, and the last death on the 19th April. Several cases of whoop- ing cough and incipient scurvy are now under treatment. The ship is over- crowded, dark, and badly ventilated." Mr, W. A. Bralhe, the German consul, was informed of the occurrence, and as Dr. M'Crea considered it desirable that the pass- engers should he landed at tho quarantine station, he agreed to the same, and a tele- gram to that effect was sent to Queenscliff. The ship will be placed in quarantine for the present, and thoroughly cleansed and fumigated, while the passengers and crew are on shore at the sanitary station. The consul for Germany proceeded to the Heads on Saturday afternoon for the purpose of visiting the ship, and also of inquiring into the cause of the disappearance of the cap- tain. To-day is the anniversary of the inaugura- tion of the eight hours' system, and conse- quently will be kept ns a holiday liy all the artisans of Melbourne. The usual procession of the various trades with their banners will pass through the city prior to inarching to tho Friendly Societies' Gardens. An excel lent programme of sports has been prepared by tho committee, and will no doubt be enjoyed by the visitors. To give additional rciat. to the proceedings, the hon. the Minister of Lands and Agriculture has promised to formally open the pair of hand- some iron gates just erected on the ground by the trustees. This ceremony is an- nounced to take place at noon precisely, and consequently the procession will start for the gardens rather earlier than on preceding anniversaries. The Melbourne Criminal Sessions for the month of April closed on Saturday, -when his Honor Judge Follows passed sentence upon those prisoners who had been found guilty. Geo. Fleming, convicted of passing a valueless cheque for £0, was first placed at the bar. Witnesses to character were called, who bore testimony to the fact that the prisoner, a contractor, had hitherto been re garded as an honest and trustworthy mail, and attributed his offence to a sudden return to drinking habits, which, for sonie years previously, he had abandoned ; sentenced to nine months' imprisonment. Patrick Pren- dorgast, convicted of arson, was sentenced to live years' imprisonment, subject to tlie law points raised in liis favor. Margaret Moore, convicted of bigamy, w.as sentenced to twelve mouths' imprisonment, also sub ject to law points reserved. In reply to the usual question us to whether she had any thing to say why sentence should not be passed, the prisoner said she had never been egally married to Moore, her first husband, and that when she married Hughes she told him candidly all about her connection with Moore. John Middleton, at present undergoing n sentence of imprisonment for forgciy, will be brought before tho ( looking police court on Wednesday, under a writ of huheax, on three distinct charges of forgery and utter ing hills of exchange. Tho signature of Mr. T. IC. Dennett, butcher, of Melbourno, has it is alleged been forged to a bill for £091. Two other bills purport to bo signed by Mr. Arkins, butcher, QuccnscliU, and repre sent about £300. There are several other bills current which are said to he forgeries, but which have not yet matured. The ex tent of Middleton's delinquencies will never bo fully known, as his victims in many, eases decline to prosecute. A meeting of the City Council will .he held this afternoon. Tho market committee recommend tlie acceptance of tlie tender of Mr. Archibald M 'In tyro to huild the hay market, forthe sum of £11,969 Ills. 3d., cost to be; charged against the contemplated loan for reproductive works. The finance committee recommend, for tho purpose of providing funds for progress payments on the erection of tlie hay market, a ioan from tho Union Bank for the necessary amount when required. A call of the whole council has been made to considor the propriety of reducing the charge at present made for the use of the town hall organ. Tho market committee recommend that the finance com mittee take immediate steps for the con traction of a loan for £125,000 for market purposes and other reproductive works. Tho same committee inform- the council that, liaviug considered tlie notice of motion of Aid. Wragge, relative to the pro bability of tlie couueil being able to pur chase, "at a price riot exceeding the vnluo of tho Eastern Market area, the block of land hounded by Stephen, Lonsdale, Spring, and Little Bnurke streets, tboy do nclt deem it judicious or expedient to proceed further in. the matter. Councillor Aarons givc3 notice of motion — "That, to prevent cruelty to poultry brought into the market. the town clerk be instructed to have notices printed, and lurinsneu to tuo inspector ot general markets for distribution in the mar ket places, calling attention to the council's market regulation of 2nd July, 18G0, im- posing a penalty not exceeding two pounds upon any person who shall bring into or have in the market poultry with the logs tied, or tho wings tied or twisted, and instructions that on and after 1st May prox., the said regulation will be stringently enforced." The following resolution will also ho submitted — "That the use of the Town Hall and organ he givon once in each year to tho Molhonmo Hospital andoncetothc Benevolent Asylum, free of charge, save for expenses of lighting and cleansing." An affiliation case occupied a long timo in hearing at the Emerald-bill police-court on Saturday. Tho complainant is Glare White, daughter of a market-gardener re siding at 'Brighton, on tho road to Chelten ham, and the.defcmlant is Daniel Broadhnrst, a young man who occupies fifty acres of land adjoining White's gardens. The case was heard at Cheltenham some time since, arid was dismissed without prejudice. On that occasion and on Saturday the com plainant deposed to nets on three occasions that would, if true, prove that tho paternity of tlie female infant would lie rightly'on the defendant, and the complainant's sister gave evidence of having been a witness nt the alleged timc3. On Saturday further evidence- wnsndduced. A friendofthe 'Whites, who had arrived at their house on a short visit, de posed to an additional circumstance of the description alluded to. This witness ad mitted that ho had not told the father or mothci what he had seen, and explained that he hod refrained from doing st- as only just bploif ht luu\ hcajd the defendant pro. inise to marry the complainant in a mi nib oi six weeks and as he had cnine to the honse himself only an hour before, he ,11 not think it would Lucoino him to make disturbance m the family. In defence ih'.' uciciulaiit swore that lie never was in \Vhiii."-« house but ouee, mid then not on either of the days referred to, and that he had never had the slightest intimacy -with the complainant. Mr. M'Kean required tint part of defendant's testimony should" l," reduced to writing, with a view to a pros,.' cution for perjury. The bench retired for" ' some time to consider their decision -lr, i on their return, Mr. Mnllison, i'.M - 'ssid that a majority were in favor of dismiss, n? the case. On the application of Mr; Wook cott, 42s. costs was awarded to defendant Mr. M'Kean expressed Jii.s satisfaction -,t the award of costs, as it would enable him to appeal to the court of general session. wJuch Jio would certainly ib>. ' Tho remains of the late William Vincent ' M'Mdlan, butcher, at Kootscray, were vc< tor, lay taken to tho Melbourne eemeterv" followed by a large number of friends' The local lodge of the Ancient Order „f Foresters, of which Mr. -M'Millan was a member, walked iu procession in front of till, hearse. The deceased has left a widow ami three children. James Began, the lad charged with ok. faining fmm one George llevson, lq- na-ani of threats, the sum of half-aiorown, 'was fur the fourth time placed upon his trial at the Criminal Sessions on Saturday tliu rh,;eo, Ml.'lc.r ?!lilrfe'f him having tailed, this tune ho was found guiltv and sentenced to six months' imprisonment," sub. ject to tho (mint raised by Mr. M. C. who defended him, to the effect tliat tiid'e was no evidence to go before a jury. ;H Honor Mr. Justice Fellows, in recordim sentence, expressed regret that the law did not empower him to order a whipping iu addition to the term of imprisonment. The Ballarat papers report the death of Louis Haxthauson, a man well known in the colony. The /\W writes thus of him — " He was born on the island of St. Thoimu in tlie West Indies, his father being an official in a high position under the Danish Government. That lie served as a soldier 19 certain, and his experience then gained enabled him to accept the position of sergeant of mounted police on couiiiic here, in the days of Governor- La trobe. He left the service years back and after many chances and changes' settled down to his business as piano-tuuer' in the pursuit of which he paid frequent "sits to stations anil townships throughout the colony. He recently left on a lew weeks' tour,' previous to which he had an cpileptia lit ; it is probable, therefore, that epilepsy was the cause of his lonely death on the plains o'f Avncn. The deceased was well, versed in literature, especially the literature of Denmark. His translation of a comedy from tlie Danish of Professor Ovcrskov was received by a crowded audience at th Theatre "Royal some yeara back with tli most enthusiastic approval." The lines of the Rev. J. W. Jnglis hav fallen in pleasant places lately during bis brief sojourn in Tasmania. The congress- tion of St. John's (Presbyterian) Church, Hobart Town, has presented him with an address and n handsome epergne in chased and frosted silver, and bearing a suitable iii- seription to commemorate his visit. In tlie address, which is of a flattering cbaraeter, and which conveys the expression of much good feeling, allusion is made to tho rev, gentleman's success as a lecturer. The- Otago Daily Times reports tbat a curious circumstance occurred during the passage of the s. Alliambra from Melbourne. When the steamer was about 120 miles from the West Cape, considerable surprise was occasioned to tlie passengers on deek by a bird coming on board, almost nt their feet,- wliere.it was secured. It proved to be a pukeko, or swamp lien, and it seemed to be completely exhausted. It was conjectured that the bird had been blown to sea from New Zealand, though tliat seeins hardly pos sible, when its very limited Hying powers and the distance of the steamer from laud when it came on board are considered. A man named William Foot, aged thirty- six, residing in Lonsdalo- street,- was ml- inittvd to the hospital on .Saturday, suffering from injuries received to his back from lii4 havintr been thrown from a onrt which lu- wns driving in Lonsdalo-street. — -Thorns. / Coffey, aged eighty years, residing at Pal- merston-street. Carlton, wa3 admitted on the' samo day. to the hospital, .having received a severe : scalp woiuid from an iron crowbar which was used by another man with whom he was quarrelling. Patrick John O'lJon- noil, aged thirty, employed by Mrs. Clcbmil,1 .Stephen-street, was likewise admitted to tho- hospital on the same day.' He was standing on a step-ladder hanging up some things when tho huhler broke, and lie fell to the ground anil injured himself. Tlie Sydney Morning Herald states that there is a considerable deficit in the fund subscribed to defray the expenses of the crew who represented this colony in the iato intercolonial match. 1 Some brokers manage to make money very easily at times. 'L'lio Kyneton Guiml\«:i gives the following instance of -such:— "A gentleman in Melbourne, a day or two ago, telegraphed to .Sandhurst, authorising a broker to buy one hundred Extended Hust ler's at a price'. The broker in return closed the bargain by telegraph". But lie did not buy in tlie face of a falling market, knowing that he, like otiier brokers, had three days to deliver.-- But at night the principal iu Melbourne was seized wutli the panic, aud ho telegraphed offering to pay £109 to bo let off tho bargain. T'lie broker accepted the. oiler, as well ho might, never having invested a shilling." . A man named William Bell, living in Rlanclie-streot, St. Kildn, was admitted to the Alfred Hospital oil Friday afternoon, suffering from severe injuries to his hip, having fallen from the roof of a building about twenty feet high near the Elstemwick station. At Mudgce the thieves aro ratlier daring. On tho 12th inst. they broke into the eouit- house and carried away the safe, containing a sum of nioro thau £140. Not content with this, they wrenched off the poor-bo.\, and curried that away also. A raid upon Chinese gamblers has bfeu made at Iroubark Chinese Camp. Tho Bendigo Independent reports that on Friday night detective Alexander, sergeant Drought, and seuior-eonstable Cooke, iu company with live otiier constables, visited the camp. After hiding about the two gambling-houses tor about an hour, when the occupants of the houses had fairly settled themselves down and commenced their game, a rush for the doors was made, hut they were found locked, a low- partition separating the police from the gamblers. Over this the constables scrambled, and entered the presence of tho surprised Chinese. No resistance was mado by thcin in their arrest, and they, with all the implements used in carrying on the lotteries, were put into a couple of cabs, and brought to the lock-up. About half a dOScu" large butchers' knives were amongst the articles seized, which, they were informed, are used for the purpose of keeping awa the evil spirits from the gambling- tables. There are some well-to-do Chinese store keepers amongst the prisoners, who seemed rather uncomfortable in their unpleasant position. The /ni/epfnrieirireniarlmtliatitwill not be unnaturally asked -,vby the ponce uo not make a raid in the city ? Twenty times as much money was won and lost in tliu principal thoroughfare of Sandhurst on Friday night as would keep the Ironbars encampment gambling for twenty years. ""We understand that there is quite an army of prospectors out daily hunting for indications of copper," remarks the wal laroo paper. " The belief of many persons is that the mysterious white man who has a wurloy between the Smelting Works ami l'oint ltiley, and whom thepolice have several times been out to look for, is a prospector who does not want tho locality of his dig gings to he mode known. The blacks have frequently seen him taking a morning dip in the Ben." - "Cerberus," in the Colac Olserrer, relates the following incident in connection with ' visit of Mr. Casey to Colae :— " Mr. Casey arrived late at night, and then sent tor a well-known man in Colac for the purpose o getting an interview over easily. Tnm g' tleman went to Kinane's Hotel, and was in formed that the Minister had retired. How ever he saw Mr. Butters, and that gentle man conducted him to tlie bedroom, where Mr. Casey lay snugly ensconced beneath tn blankets. Mr.' Casey rubbed bis eves and said, ' Oil, you nro.Mr. G 1. n,!? , tliis deputation? Could yon get it on 9 'eight in the morning?' . Mr. G 1 , assured him such a thing was impossible, th Minister said, ' Well, I have promised toduie at Barwon Park, and you niustman" a ed it over as soon as possible.' having promised to do hi'-' Next morning tho d G — — t, wasr»" Messrs. U-""' fore. Xow .-.rose a difficulty. \\\ l»c'> Jlr Oascy nnil which Mr. Butters? At Inst , CJ — — fc stepped forward, .saying, I ish to introduce the ilcpututioii b> Mr. I'ascy. 1 saw him last night, hut T flunk Hie nightcap must have made a dilleronce, and consequently 1 don't know lnm. tluB moiuin".' -Mr. Butters, Willi a smile, pointed to Mr. Casey, aud matters went on swim mingly then. A minister in a ui8 a slure official having a conference ! What a iketr'; for /'hhcA." , . 17\. — £V>UTne Musical Union gave their first w o" Saturday evening in the AtheniuO T Flail, when a good programme "was cone ....otigli, to the evident satisfaction of a moderate audience, t'omnocl s oratorio of Tobias. Which had hover before been pro- due'ed in Victoria, formed the inauistay of the performance, and the just conclu sion is that, if tlm society can continue to introduce works of such eveel- leuce as this, ami to perform them in so perfect a way, they deserve anil will meet with great success. The w ork is one in which 'groat effects are not attempted, hut k throughout (lowing and melodious, and abounds in pleasing strains which at once captivate the car. As each number could hardly havo been better rendered, ox- cept the instrumental invocation, it only rests to name the following as intrinsically the most beautiful, viz., the aria, The truth they tell, the melody of which is repeated by the chorus in unison with admirable effect. ; the quartette What 'is this'.' and the solos for Kaffael and Young Tobias. The arrange ments were a well-balanced chorus of some seventy voices, a septette of strings, -Mr. John Hill at the piano, and Mr. hd wards at the harmonium, and tho principal vocalists Mrs. Howitz, Miss Lizzie Caraiulim. and Messrs. Hallam and Furlong. W itli respect to Mr. Hal!am, it is seldom that such a great change for the better is to lie noted in a concert singer as in this gentleman since he sang in a performance of Elijah some time ago. The second part of the concert was miscellaneous, tho best of it being Signor Giorza's playing of Gottschalk's Last Hope, and'the duo concertante (violin and piano), by Mr. Hill and Signor Giorza, on airs from Lucia. Lady Bowen, some members of the family, and suite were present. As was anticipated, the performance of II Profeta at the Opera-bouso on Saturday evening was one unrivalled in the annals of opera in Victoria for grandeur anil brilliancy, and the attendance was in every way worthy of the excellence of the rendering of the work. From first to last everything went with absolute and complete ease, and it is not too much to say that as far as means allowed the opera was played with'absolute perfection. The audience grew very enthu- siastic as the evening went on, and after the fourth' act were only content when, after the curtain had been twice raised, Signora Zenoni came forward te. bow her thanks for the handsome recognition of her splendid interpretation of the cliarater of Fides. This work will be kept on till Wednesday. The fairy comedy of the Wicked World appears to increase in the favorable estima tion of Melbourne playgoers, and promises to hold possession of the stage of the Theatre ltoyal for some time to come. On Saturday evening the house was well filled in - every part, and tho audience were most enthusiastioin their applause throughout the piece. The evening's performance com- mences and closes with a farce, both of which are smartly played by the company. The performance this evening will be in aid of the funds of the Melbourne Hospital. There were fair attendances at tho circus on Saturday, both in the afternoon and the even ing, and the perfonnanees were highly ap preciated, judging by the tokens of approba tion bestowed on Signor Chiarini and liis artists. This evening an entirely new pro- gramme will be presented, containing acts that are snid to render this the best bill of the season. The audience at the Apollo Hall on Satur day evening had a long and varied pro gramme presented to them, and the Richards troupo elicited unbonnded ap plause throughout. The burlesque of Pygmalion and Gal-a-dear was placed last, an arrangement which was generally approved of. This evening the troupe will appear for the last time previous to their visit to Adelaide. Mr. Bickavds takes a beneffi- on this occasion, and will sing not less tha; ".' ' of his most popular songs, including sevenv«pat have not been sung by him since the commencement of his Melbourne season. The Temperance Hnll concert was again crowded on Saturday evening, numbers being unable to gain admission. The fol lowing artists appeared : — .Madame Pott, alias Walker, Miss Dixey, Messrs. Donni- thorne, Campbell, Anderson, Cottier, Ben nett, and Israel. Tho last-named gentleman gave a concertina solo, which was very skil fully rendered. On account of tho success of these concerts they will be carried on in future in tho largo hall. Our usnnl summary fur home readers will be published in our issue of to-morroiv. The Presbytery of Melbourne will meet nt Kssendon on Tuesday to induct the Rev. V. Groundwater Frnserinto the pastoral charge of Ksseiidou and Keilor congregations. A lecture will he delivered this evening, in the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, by Mr. Thomas Clarke Lauranec, from Western Australia, the proceeds of which are to he be devoted to the building fund of tho hall. The subject is " Ireland, its scenery and people, poetry, story and song, with musical illustrations. From the publishers, Messrs. Mason, Firth and M'Cuteheon, we liavo received a pamphlet enti tled Christ or Plato. Tho pamphlet contains the three sermons preached by the Rev. II. N. Wollaston on the immortality of man and his future punishment. The publication is sold on behalf of the Collingweod Female Refuge. We are requested to state that a general meet ing of the Ladies' Silk Association will be heldat the Italian Consulate, William-street, to-iuorrow, at two o'clock ii.ni., for the purpose of receiving the requisite payment of 5s. per share on allot ment. A full attendance is requested. The lady who acts as treasurer jiro tan. is requested to take the bank book with her to the meeting. A concert will take place this evening ill tho Richmond Town Hall, under the patronage of the hon. tho Chief Secretary and Mr. L. L. Smith, the members for Uichtnond, ill aid of the funds of the local library. Among tho principal vocalists are .Mrs. Perraton, Mrs. Slack, Misses ,1'ella and Lizzie Carandini, Mr. D. A. Beau mont, Mr. J. Wilson, and Mr. .T. C. Downos. Mr. Perraton's double quartette and a chorus selected from his singing classes also lako part. During the evening an address will be delivered by Mr. H. .T. Parmer, mayor of Richmond. Mr. Poster will preside at the piano, and -Mr. \V\ Perraton will act as conductor. 