%\t § ocíijjamgtoit §ttUctitt, WITH WHICH IS INCOnPOK&TKD; TIT fi GLADSTONE OJISEUVEH. PUBLISHED DA.IL.Y. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1873. WEEN, two or three years ago, the people of Rockhampton ngitated for railway extension, they expressed tho desire that the work should not be so rapidly carried on as to derange the labour market, or give a fictitious expansion to trade. At that time the colony was recovering from the collapse of 1866, tho revenue barely covered the expenditure, and there was no appear- ance of surpluses, advances in wages, a dear wool market, or a plethora of money. The railway was felt to be a necessary of existence, and the feeling was that so. long as the work could be carried on at all, no matter how slowly, we might well be satisfied. But since then great and unforeseen changes hare occurred, and the public are no longer content to see the railway carried on at a snail's pace. It is found that the want of speedy and certain means, of internal conveyance ie a great barrier to progress, and it is fairly argued that while money is cheap, and tho credit of tho colony stands high, the railway should be pushed on as quickly as possible to that point of utility- the Mackenzie River. And there is so much confidence in tho future of the district that no fears arc entertained of a collapso when the rail- way works stop. It is belioved that if the Govern men t will only throw open all the lands along Ibo line and in the neighbourhood of towns that are fit for settlement, there need be no dread of population leaving us for places offering greater attractions. We have no wish to see the colony rush into rash expenditure, even for our own particular benefit. And it is the furthest from our intention to cast reproach upon the gentleman who has undertaken the responsibility of con- structing our railway. But we do wish to see the work go on with some celerity, and to find the bands of the CHIEF ENGINEEH strengthened by the autho- rities. If there is not the particular kind of labour in the district-that of tho skilled navvy-it should bc imported; and if the present rate of wages be i lower than is currently paid by private employers, the rate should be increased. There is certainly tho danger that if wages on the railwy line be advanced recklessly, private employer.! will, suffer; for whether a man ba engaged in gragin;, in agriculture, or in manufacturing enterprise, Hiero is a limit at which Iiis pursuit will cease to become remunerative if lie he an employer of labour. Anil if losa b¡5 thus incurred, tho rcaclio:i must soon come. The employer must iivo as well as the employé, and if the former collapse, tho latter will soon find wases come tumbling down lo (heir old level. Tho course for the railway authorities i to adopt clearly is to keep pace with the times, snd not to stop the works bocanas men cannotbe procured below thocurrcnt rates. It may be ascertained without great difficulty what tho general advance in wages has been throughout Ibo colony within the last two years, and if railway hands cannot bo procured at a propor- tionate advance, wo must seek help from Europe. In the United Kingdom, navvies may still be induced to emigrate, and if tho supply thence prove insufficient, there is in Denmark abundance of the material out of which good navvies may be made. Tho Danish navvy, in fact, stands second only Iii the English one, and as tho Danes make excellent colonists, there is no insuperable harrier to their introductiou. If Mr. KIIÎCIUÎEII bo unequal to the work, the services of some more suitable man should be obtained. It is preposterous, while ] America is attracting hundreds of thousands of enterprising immigrants yearly, lo assert that Queensland cannot procure the few thousands necessary for uer wants. There eau he no room for doubt that if the right measures be taken, wo shall procure both tho number and kind of immigrants that we require Otherwise we may get tho number and not the quality, or vice versa. It bas been suggested that lhere aro mort employed in responsible posi- tions on our railway who, having them selves sprang from the ranks, might be advantageously sent homo to select the men needed for tho works. Profes- sional ageutsenough may be employed in England by Mr. DAINTBEE, but these cannot bo in a position to give informa- tion ¿ii many points which suggest ob- st nclcs to the intending emigrant. A. navvy who had lived in the colony, aud prospered in it, could do more to induce the emigration ofhis own class than could be done by any professional agent, and as the expense of sendiug home such a man would form but a {trifling percentage upon tho cost of each immigrant, the proposal seems one not unworthy of consideration. If we can get immi- grants landed on our shores, such as we require, both in number and kind, the very best results may bo anticipated, bat if euch specimens as many that hare lately reached the colony continue to bB forwarded, it will become a question whether their introduction should not be checked. Wo want tho materials of which good colonists aro made, and cannot afford to accept the idle, tho dissolute, mid tho worthless. Mr. BiillM). is entitled to great credit for his determination to econo- mise, and for the substantial, if gradual mauner in which ho is carrying on tho extension. And after all, it is pro- gressing much faster than some porsous amongst us iniBgino. ft hus been said that only eight milos will have been completed within tho first year, but account must be taken of the number of milos begun and not completed. A great deal of heavy work ha« been done on the second soctian, and all things considered the public have no great reason to complain. Mr. BALLARD had to spend many months in organising his staff and collecting his plaut, so that the actual railway work done within the last year is no criterion of what will be accomplished in the nest. If tho semi- official statement lately supplied to a Brisbane journal bo correct, the expendi- ture on the Northern lino is 4310,000 per month, or equal to sorao twenty miles of railway per annum, reckoning tho nverigo cost of tho lino at £0000 a-milo. That may not be as rapid pro- gress as is desired, but it is considerably more than eight miles a-year, which is popularly supposed to be the rate of construction.. The lino over the rango will cost twice as much per mile as over the lovel country beyond, so that ton miles a-year now may be deemed equal to twenty miles a year when once tho River Dawson is reached. During the heat of our tropical summer, the work must necessarily slacken, but in three or four months hence wo have little doubt that renewed activity will be apparent. And here we may suggest that were a shipload or two of skilled navvies and artisans telegraphed for at once, they would reach here in April or May-just at the beginning of the cool season-whoa even a new arrival from Europe might be expected to do a fair day's work for a fair day's pay. A FiilUHTFUx accident (says thc Cjurier) occurred on tho Logan Uiver on thc 10th instant. A mau named John Cook, in thc em- ployment of Mr. Wilson, a sugar planter, accidentally fell into a copper of boiling molasses, and his injuries were of sacha severe character that he only lived for about au hour after thc accident. His last request was that thc balance of wages due to him, about £4, anil his personal effects, might bc forwarded to his wife, who lives in Liverpool, England. A magisterial inquiry was held tho following day by Mr. W. 8. Warren, J. P., anda verdict returned iu accordance with the above facts. WE (Courier) have been favoured by the Commissioner of Police with the following telegram from Sub-Inspector Dyas, dated Junction Creek, November 21. Mr. Dyas proceeded in charge of a party of police from Georgetown at thc time of the first rush to the Palmer River diggings :-" Payable gold has been found for forty miles up the river. A nugget of nine and a-half ounces has been discovered, and several others of smaller size. A great quantity of gold has been found during the month. The diggers are content with their prospects, but many have to leave owing to the scarcity of provisions. A detachment of Native Police is required, for as the diggings extend the blacks become more troublesome. I patrolled up the river for a distance of eighty miles, and found the blacks very numerous. 