TELEGRAPHIC. BBDTEli'S TBLBQllAM TO AUSTBAMAÎÎ ASSOCIATED PBB99. [HY SUBMARINE TEIÍBOBAMI.] -'-? LONDON. Maroh 29. TrtB Provincial authorities in Spain oppose tho Central Qovcrnmont making a lovy. of troops. The Carhst forcos havo routed tho Govern- ment troops in an engagement. Tho cavalry attachod to tho Government army wore euabkd to savo themsclvos Tho Carhsts capturod Borgs and four hundred prisonors and a quantity of arms and nmmi'tu tion Thero is groat oxcitemont prevailing through- out Spain regarding the presont aspect of affairs. Tho French Government havo despatched roinforcomonts to tho troops stationed on the frontier botween Franco and Spain, to provont tho convoyanco of arms to tbo Carhsts March 30 The University boat race was won by Cam- bridge by throo lengths Tho liverpool Grand National was won by Eyshworth ; Columbino, second. A distur- bance took placo Tho directors of tho Oriental Bank havo de- clared a dividend of 12 per cent. The Commission moved for by Mr. Plomsoll, to enquiro into tho working of tho Morcantilo Marino Act, has boon appointed. March 31. Considerable excitement has taken placo in tbo French Assembly with rofcronco to Prince Napoleon's petition nguinst hw oxpuleion from Franco. Dufauro rofuaed to accopt tho roport of the oommitteo, which oxprosBcd tho viows of foity-six of tho Conservativo mombora, on tho ground that it implied a censuro on tho Goverumont He subsequently submitted a bill having rofcronco to tho Bonaparto family, and asked that it might bo mado a Bimplo order of the day , wLich was agreed to. Tbo Internationalists aro activo in Barcolona. A föderal republic has bcon proclaimed at Malaga. Sir Jamos Forgusson has boon entertained at a dinner by his Ayrshire) frionas. Tho Groat Britain sailed for Molbourno on tho 29th March. Arrivals--Borean, from Launcoston ; Con attor, from ¿doluidc. April 1. At tho wool Bales fifteen hundred bales of Adclaido greasy woro sold for export. Tho Imponal Government, previous to the rocoipt of tho memorial from FIJI, had deter- mined on tho romoval of Consul March. Discount, four per cont. Money castor. Largo withdrawals of gold aro expected. StockB aro rocovonng. Debentures -Now South Walos fivos, 106J. Now Zealand fives, 1032 ¡ sixoi, 111. Bank of Australasia, 52J. Tallow is stoady. Mutton, 42 to 44 ¡ beef, 4,1. to 42 Sydney oil, 30 to 33. The copper markot is steady. Wallaroo is quoted at £03 por ton Tin is firm, Straits boing worth £147 per ton. Hides aro unaltered in value. Leather is in full supply, and has doolinod one halfponny. Hemp, 2G to 23. Colonial buttor, ex Jason and Wave, has boen sold nt 00. Wheat dull. Prosorvod moats are doaror. Colonel Clark has boon gazottcd a Knight Commander. AUSÏIUHAN ASSOCIATED PBBSS TEIiEClJUMS. CARDWELL. April 3. Tho gold escort arrived hero to-day from tho Etheridge Hivor, bringing oight thousand-' hundrod ounces of gold. tl-¿-fchat tho re Astonishment is «P-JJ^ bein commoncoa. pairs to.thei rg;ng-°t0 traTol until tho roada oro l^'pasBablo oondition. RAVENSWOOD. April 3, Tho Pyritos Crushing and Gold-washing Compony havo commoncod oporationB by treat- ing Bomo quartz tailings, which tho manager reports yieldod satisfactorily. Tho oompany will opornto upon mundie stono for tho public noxt weok. Another plant of tho samo description is on tho road coming hore. SYDNEY. April 3. Tho Government intend to proroguo Parlia- ment during Easter wock. Peak Downs copper shares aro dull, sovonty shillings being the prosent quotation. Tho wool sales to-dny woro flat, and shoop skins wore weaker. MELBOÜBNE. April 3. A dinnor is to bo givon to tho Sydney crow on Saturday. A COTOT for tho hearing of appeals against the municipal aBSOsmonts in tho North, South, and Kangaroo Point Wards, was held yostor day, at tho Oontral Polico Court, tho Polico Mogistroto, tho Mayor, and Mr. Cowlishaw, J.P., being on tho Bonoh. Mr. Orr, Town Clerk, oppeored on behalf of tho Corporation ¡ and tho assessors, Messrs. J. IT. Adams, for tho North Ward, and W. M. Boyeo, for the South and Kangaroo Point Wards, woro present. Tbo following aro tho results of tho appeals! North Ward assessment, £1853 ; appeals, 72 8 sustained ; reduction allowed, £99 ; leaving £1764, as tho assessment in this ward for tho curront year ; ia 22 of tho appeals thero was no appearance on the part of tho appellants. South Ward : Assessment, £576 ; appeals, 31J -IO sustained j reduction allowed, £53 j loav ing £523 as tho assessment in this ward for tho current year. Kangaroo Point Ward : Assess- ment, £038 ; appeals, 14-G sustained ; roduo tion allowed, £49 ; leaving £939 as the assess- ment in this ward for tho currout year. THB Commissioner of Polico rocoivod a tele- gram from Cardwell yesterday, stating that tho gold escort hud arrived thero, bringing riiuo hundrod and thirty-sovon ounces of gold and £107 from Gilberton, and Bevon thousand lour bundrod and ninety-four ounces of gold from Georgetown, Etheridge Biver, WB are directod by tit. John Cameron to call attention to the important land tala in be held by him on Monday next, April 7, when he will offer the properties postponed from last Monday, in addition to soveral other valuable frcohold properties, particulars of which are appearing from day to day in our auotion columns -[ADTT "] AT tho Cout ral Pohoo Court, yesterday, a ohargo of larceuy of a aoniowhat peculiar natnro was pre- ferred ogoinst a young man named Edward Looney, who, up to tho timo of his arrest, ro Bided in a house in Mar}-street belonging to Mrs Dunlop. It appoarod that a young Danish woman, Maria Christiansen by name, resided in tho same house,- and that on Saturday evoning lust, during her tomporary absenco, the pri- soner, with whom sho was then living, packed up a quantity of wearing apparel, bodding, Ä.C , which Bhe claimed as bor property, togothor with Eomo things of his own, carried thom to tho Sydnoy Hotel, and asked tho land- lord, Mr. Munro, to tako charge of thom till Monday, alleging that tho houao I whore ho lived waa on fire Ho also took tho opportunity of borrowing 6s. of Mr , Munro On onquiry boing made, it WBB found that the houeo had been on tiro ; and a witness, named Lydia Ollscn, a Dane, stated that the window curtains woro burnt down boforo the ronioval of the goodB. Tho prisoner was dis- charged ¡ nnd tho prosccutnx, assisted by her friona Lydia and the watchhouao kcepor, im- mediately cloarod tho Court of tho housohold stuff-Benjamin Bathurst was fined 10a for drunkonness -Richard Roborts, a soaman bo longing to tho Balnnguitb, was brought boforo tho Wator Polico Magistrate, charged withUBing abusivo languago towards the chief ofllcoi On promising to bchavo bottor for the futuro, ho was discharged AN enquiry touching tho doath of John Morgan, steward of tho HoruiodiuB, whose body WBB found floating in tho rivoron Tuesday evening, WOB hold yesterday boforo the Police MagiBtiato. It appeared that a laborer em- ployed at tho soap-works at Kangaroo Po.nt observed the body in the wator, and took the requisito Btops to havo it removed ; when firBt Been, it was floating botween a punt which bo was baling out and tho wharf. Tho captain's ovidonco only went to establish tho foot that tho body found in tho rivor waB that of his lato stoward, who had been missing sinco Sundoy morning. Tho most important witnesB in tho oaBO was Thomas Daly, an able soaman on f board the Harmodms, who deposed "I last Baw tho doceasod ahvo on Sunday morning last, about 1 o'elock, ho bad just eomo on board, and I saw him in tho forecastle. Ho was tho worse for liquor. Ho said, ' Good-night ; I'll turn m and go to sleop.' Ho then loft j ho slept nt tho aft part of tho ship. Ho would havo to go up a fow stops to got on to tho poop If ho foil into tho rivor, I think ho must havo fallon from the stops of tho ladder." An open f I verdict was returned. THE ordinary wookly meeting of tho Brisbano Hospital Committco was held yesterday after noon in tho board room. Presont Tho Rov. E. Griffith, chairman ¡ Dr. Cam, and Mr Mac- pherson Tho accounts for tho past month, which had been examined and found correct, woie passed for poymont. Tho amount wns £260, cxeluBivo of salarios. Tho RoBidont Bur- goon nBkod pcimiSBion to make a swimming bath for tho uso of the patients Ho said it would bo a very good thing for convalescents ( and ho did not think that tho cost would bo much over £5. Tho oommittoo suggested that an cstimato of tho cOBt should bo obtained, in order that tbo proposal might como boforo thom in a tungiblo form. Tho Residont Surgoon's report for tho week ending April 3, was as follows -In door pationts romaining lost wook, 99} rocoivod during the weok, 12 j discharged, 11 . ^a' (Johanna Bootie, aged 40, la*- . , , , ' f 1 f ^^-hatism) ; total m l l i«>» <jMÍfiag,QD¡ out door pationts , J I ; in attondanco during tho weok, 37. visiting Suigoon for ensuing wook, Dr Mullen. Hie soorotary aoknowlodgos with thanks tho receipt of Sir James Coeklo's monthly parcol of nowspapora ; also a pmcol of Illustrated London Aeirs, and othor papors, from N.Bartloy, Esq. WB have rocoived from Mr. Porsso, Cbiof Clerk of tho East Moreton Land OommiSBionor, tlio following information regarding tho pay- ment of rents undo- tho Crown Lands Aot of 1S08, at the Brisbano Land-office. Tho amount recoivod foi conditional purchases was £G048 11s. Id, homesteads £875 4s. 4d, lents in agricultural rosorvos £214 15s 3d , Homestead Act of 1872 £71 13s 3d., Leasing Aot of 1866 £50 10s. 3d , Immigiation Aot of 1869, £1 12s Id., total £72G2 9s 3d This amount is in payment of tho lents of about 1200 selections! loaving 150 yot unpaid. The ronts received at Beenleigh Land o Iii co aro not included in the abovo. WHAT may be called a double accident oc- curred the night before last to a needlewoman named Catherine Watkins, who was knocked down in the street by a horse ridden by a boy at a smart pace, and then, before she could rise, was run over by a dray, one of the wheels of which passed over her chest. On being removed a soon as possible to the Brisbane Hospital, it was found that two of her ribs were broken, and that there was a slight wound in one of her lungs. The injuries, however, are not serious, and no danger is apprehended. 'IHK Mavenswood Miner givo3 an account of nnothor fatal mining nocidont :-" Tho unfortu- nate man in this caso was a miner named Richards, working in No. 1, Tro Towers, and his death was caused by a quantity of earth caving in on him. It appears that deceased's mates woro working on tho underlie of the reef, and that ho was working on the boundary in a drive, towards tho prospecting tlaim; in the latter they wera working in the hanging wall, while No. 1 was driving in tho foot wall. Tbo deceased had been warned that tho ground was not safe, and a prop had been lowered to him in tho early part of tho day, which ho had put io, but ho had knockod it out again, saying ho had not room enough to work. Some minutes previous to tho fall of tho earth, his rnatcB wanted bim to knock off and como up, but it appears ho wonted to finish somo work boforo doing so. A fow minutcB nftor thoy had called to him thoy heard tho fall of earth, and on rushing to tbo spot found him completely buried under eight or ton tons of mullock. A willing party of minors immediately Bet to work to dig him out, but when tho body WBB recovered life was extinct. Tho deceased WBB O married man. Minera cannot bo too careful in timbering up woll, especially at tho present timo on this Hold, as tho lato raiaB havo ren- dered the ground vory untrustworthy and dangerous." A PoiïKBBlAir nameu -»rju», employed on I Mr. Mulr's plantation, at Nenng Creek, wa« ^"« °i thD hot hy ° bl»<* »nuke on the 17th of March lain, TT, ,.- . ... ., , " *'A not report the occur- rence until the next morning, - , ., in a vory bad state. There being no doctor m tho neighborhood, Mr. Muir adopted tho best means known to him of preventing dangerous results. Ho administered frequent doseB of brandy and ammonia, and also, with the assist ance of tho sugar boiler, mjootod ammonia into tho veins of the right arm. Those romodies, however, proved ineffectual, although they ap- parently delayed death, as the man did not d10 until tho 20th ultimo The deceased was a nativo of Erromango, and had been about five months in Mr Muir'a employaient. A PIRE occurred in Toowoomba on Tuesday night laat, by which tho house of a man named Hugh Gorman, a sheriff's bailiff, was destroyed The Uro is supposed to be the aot of an incen diary. WE (Mount Perry Mail) havo much pleasure in stating that Messrs Fife and Barnett, on tho 20th March, conveyed to the Board of Goneral Education two acres of land in this town, com- prising allotments 4 5, 6, and 7, and 14, 15, 10, and 17, of soetion IG, for school purposes It is also the intention of the Board to proceed with tho building at once If tho value of tho land bo added, as it ought to bo, to tho amount credited to local subscriptions, and the Govern mont grant in aid augmontod in proportion, tho amount obtainable, will bo sufficient for tho erection of premises that will bo a credit to the towD. Wo havo roaaon to boliovo that this tranBfor would have boen made months ago woro it not that wo havo all been humbugged as to whether, where, and whon tho Govern mont îutondod putting up tho Police Court and other public buildings From all wo cou hoar the decision is as far off as over TnE editor of tho Mount Perry Mail takes 0 calm, cool, and philosophical view of tho pro sont position and futuro prospects of tho Vic tona copper mino In a loading article in the issue of March 27 is the following -" Thero aro somo, wo ni 0 woll aware, who will havo it that the whole affair from tho beginning was of a most questionable chnractor, let us assure such that there aro gentlemen both in thiB dis trict and in that of Wido Bay (whoBO namos wo can mention) who woro present, saw tho lodes opened, and expressed tho highest admiration ' of tho appoaranco of the property-mining captains of long exporienco did likewise Wo at this timo hold an interest in this property, and sold it When we saw the hugo blocks of oro coming out wo rogrottcd having dono so, and tried to buy it back again We aro now, as things havo turned, glad that wo did not succeed To Boy that wo havo always written uniformly of the prospects of the mino after that dato is untruo, and moroly fabricated by thoBO whom wo can afford to despise Now, as to Captain Hosking'a ulloged over colored roport, thero is no doubt that that goutloman bohovod overy word ho wrote, and at the time ho was warranted in saying what he did Vtow ing tho mattor as a whole, thero is no occasion for a panic Thoio is no noooasity for tho alarmist Rather havo wo to thonk tho auditoiy of tho company for saving the property from inovitablo ruin And, after all, oven BuppoBing tho mino turned out a failure-but wo aro for from thinking that it will-it would not bo tho first that had ocourrod m mining ventures in this colony or in oithor of the other colonies. Wo roitorato-that, with economical manage mont, and in skilled hands, it is the opinion of thoso well versed 111 minoratogical matters, that tho Victoria will turn out yot to bo a first clas» mino THE Bulletin, of ?' -ocu ult,m0' S1T8 fullor details of " "u0 sa^° °^ PaB'ora^ property than , boen published -" A privato tologram recou ed in town last ovoning, and kindly Bhown to us, states that at tho auction solo of stations m Sydnoy, yeatorday, Isis Donns was purchasod by Messrs Govett and Thompson at 16s 7d por hood for the Bhoep. Isis DOWUB north was secured by MOSBIS Stovonson and Andoison for £3750 Wo porcoivo from the odvortisomont that Isis Downs comprised twelve blocks of eountiy on tho Barcoo, containing a total aroa of 7C) squaro milos. Tho stock consisted of 11,510owes, 8168 ?wethers, and 118 rams, total 20,096 sheep moro or IOSB , with 70 head of cattlo, 12 horses, 2 toams bullocks, &,c , with sundry improvements Tho terms of tho Balo were, one third cash, and tho balance by bills at one, two, and thrco years, bearing interest at tho rate of 8 por cent por annum 16s 7d a head Boems a high rato for tho shcop, but con- sidering tho enormous aroa of first olasB country comprised in tho run, the price cannot bo deemed oxcossivo " liiE greatest throw of a crickot ball recorded was, until latoly, 137 yards, tho foot having boen porformod in England fifty four yoars ogo. But, OB it WOB a short timo ago stated in thoso columns, an aboriginal nativo at Clermont throw a ball over 140 yards Tho Peal Downs Tele pam saja -"A gentleman m town, who saw this remarkable throw moosured, has obtained tho following particulars about tho blackboy referred to Ho is a nativo of Brisbane, 5 feet 1] mohos in height, 34 inches round the chest, and about 24 years of ago Tho throw was nituossed and measured by eevoral gentlomen still in town, «ho havo not tho slightest doubt of the acouraoy of tho report wo gavo on a pre- vious occasion Tho moosured distanco WDB 112Jyards, and 2J yards weroallowod doviation in measuring Everyono who Baw tho throw allowed it surpassed anything thoy had evor doomed possiblo This hero is known as Billy qho blackboy " WE learn from the Warwich Argus that dur- ing tho week ended April 1, tho following lots of tin oro havo boon received at Warwick from Stanthorpe, and transmitted to Brisbane - By Bolls and Dunlop St. Leonards Co. Botallic Co. Brisbano Co. J. R. Smith Big Ruby Co. ... Pioneer Co. Ruby Co. ... Bolwarra Tin Mino IXL Co. 8t. Leonards Co.... Glcnynrrah Tin Mino '.!'. Tillbrook Co.., St. Leonards Co. By Mr. J. Anderson S. Coohrano ... By Marlay and Solke E. W. Pechey . Berons, Ranniger, and Oo. Whoal Johnson Co. Victor Co. BoronB, Rannigor, and Co. Broadwater Co. ," Whoal Edith Co.... Spring Creek Junction .'.'. Lodo Creek Co. ... ,., Mount Marlay ... "', tons, . cvvts '. qrs i. lbs. 3 3 1 17 C 4 2 l8 5 15 0 12 3 19 3 10 1 9 1 23 3 13 0 10 2 1 3 3 2 11 2 1 1 11 0 l8 3 IO 0 21 2 5 3 20 1 5 0 19 1 IO 2 17 6 2 0 0 2 0 2 19 0 17 0 l8 9 l8 0 22 1 9 0 26 1 16 1 0 2 2 2 9 2 1 0 6 4 17 3 2 4 19 3 21 1 9 3 26 "WHEN a man immigratiomees," observes "Dan," a rough old colonist, who is made to figure this month in Temple Bar, "it's to get work ; when a woman immigrationises, it's to get married." There is considerable truth in his terse statement. For men of the right, stamp - right neu, fellows, who have plenty of muscle, and are not afraid to use it, there is a sufficiency both of work and reward, and it is only the drones, the idle dreamers, who, Alnas- char-like, have their periabable "baskets" over- turned by the stern facts of daily life. As for the women-it is the single girls that "Dan" refers to-the chances in favor of their getting married are doubtless much greater here than in the old country, where the matrimonial market is said to be overstocked with fair candidates for hymeneal honors. But in the early and prosper- ous days of colonial settlement men were at a discount, single girls being snatched up sometimes almost before their feet had touched the soil of Australia and "Dan's" experience will be to many like a leaf out of an old book :-"The long and the short of it is," said "Dan," to a young colo- nist," my mind was made up, and hearing that an immigrant ship had just arrived, I started for town, and married the first decent looking lass I came athwart of." "Rather a rash way of doing, that," said his young friend. "Lord bless you, sir," replied Dan, simply, "what was the use of a man like me trying to pick and choose ? I'd be as like to got hold of the wrong sow last as first." "How did you manage to win her affections so quickly, Dan ? The receipt's worth knowing." "Oh, that was simple enough," he replied. "The first night I arrived at the lodging house, I found myself sitting next to a young woman at supper, who I soon found was one of the newly arrived immigrants. She was a round, strong, cheery looking lass, with a laughing face, and I thought she'd do. I didn't know how to go fooln' around her to find a soft place, but just spoke a word or two with her, and when we came out into the passage gave her a squeeze and a kiss. Says she, "How dare you ?" Says I, "I wants to marry you, my dear." "Marry me!" cries she, laughing, "why I don't know you." "No more do I you, my dear," says I "so that makes it all fair and equal." She didn't know how to put a capper on that, so she only laughed and said she couldn't think of it. "Not think of it ?" says I, artful like, "not when you've come all these thousands of miles for the purpose? You may as well do it at once." Well, she giggled a bit, and we were spliced two days afterwards." "Dan," however, was a widower, and had an eye to the care of the children, and he frankly admits that "it was mistaken speculation as to the purpose in- tended." "If the children had been moody or ailin'," he says, "she might ha' took to es, womanlike, but with such wild undependet little rascals, she never had no call." THE Banana correspondent of the Sullen wntos -"A copper selection has boon tain up on Walloon station, by Dr Hamilton, of Belmont, the adjoining station It is roporod thot Mr Ellison, the propnotor of Walloon md Camboon, is a partnor with tho Doctor m ho Bpco, whioh, from all accounts, promises to toa lucrative ono A number of mon are at present employed under tho superintendence of a p.-ee tical minor, in opening up tho ground soleelci and some splendid specimens havo boon obtamea, the propocts being considered ultogother csso satisfactory One or two copper sections bad boon prouously taken up on Walloon, but lam not at presont awaro whothor cither was aban doncd It is possible that the present selection of Dr Hamilton's may bo ono of thoso formerly workod without success Iho distance from tho Westwood Railway Station to Walloon is 105 miles, being 30 miles beyond Bonana " 