TALE OH 'CHANGE. I will buy with you, sell with you, talk with you, -^SlIAKfiPBARE. Quamquam ridentem dicere verum Quid vetatf-HOEACK. A friend, who does not talk on 'Change nearly so much as he thinks at home, has viewBaboutmaUsubaidiesjand lam more than half inclined to believe that he is right. His notion is that we should discontinue large payments for the comparatively slow trans port of letters, aud devote the money to subsidising telegraphs and cheapening electric communication. Why devote vast sums to an old-fashioned system rapidly being superseded by one of almost instan taneous celerity? Isn't it something like endeavouring to set mail coaches running between London and Brighton after rail way trains were doing the CO milesg in GO minutes ? There is no reason why the ocean telegraph should not be as avail able for domestic as for business correspon dence. The only antecedent condition is that it be a vehicle sufficiently cheap, and this can only be accomplished primarily by state subsidy to the lines. With constant and clie^p use of the wires we would have columns of news in the papers where we now have disjointed sentences. . If we heard by wire tliat our friends were well we could wait a little longer for those domestic details of private correspondence, which wouldn't beat all tfye wore? for an extra,week's ripening upon the. passage, is it worth while paying big mail subsidies for carrying invoices and bills of lading, which might just as w;ell coxne by the vessels caVrying tlie goods, the general particulars anticipating arrival by the electric wire? I am sare my friend is only, urging now what is inevitable beforemany years are over. And the consummation may ' be hastened. Think of it, Mr. Francis! .The old-fashioned mistress of the old. ! fashioned dameschool said of her pupils, "It's but little they pays trie, and it's but little I teaches them." Might not the same be said of the auditors of public companies ? During the last few days a pair of well-known pro fessional auditors coolly confess to having overlooked a standing error of £1,500 in a company's accounts, and then one of them lias the audacity to say that his was " a mis take which any accountant might make." If that be so, why expend upon accountants and auditors even the miserable sums paid to them for important duties ? Some Victorian journals are adopting the American style of sensational headings, and of giving emphasis to salient points in a narrative by the employment of capital letters. Very often the sensationis all in the cross- headings, and the sober story which follows falls rather flatly-just as in the show business that rampant and gigantic ?wild beast pourtrayed upon the canvas out Bide is a far grander spectacle than the tame half-starved wretch in a 3ft. cage. All this is harmless enough, and on the whole rather amusing, if audaciously ex aggerated, as is customary. But I think all bounds of propriety are overstepped when the obscene particulars of cases of criminal assault are dealt with in this fashion. How can the publishers expect such papers to find their way into families of which modest women form a constituent part ? If it be necessary to publish these disgusting cases at all,it might reasonably be expected that they would be dismissed as summarily as possible, and not with prurient dilation. The affairs of Felix Kabat, the share speculator now charged with forgery, have painfully engrossed attention. It is quite premature to assume his guilt. For a long time past he has not been in good credit amongst persons daily engaged in the share business. He was a too bold and too dan gerous speculator. Not a little sympathy is felt and expressed for his brother, the able and indefatigable police-officer, to whom the mere making of such a charge against his relation must be most painful. There is an excellent and earnest dignitary of the Church of England who is occasionally amusing from his hearty bigotry and his well-meant disapproval of all kinds of public enjoyment; but he isn't half so comical as hiB reverend and youthful son. At a soiree, or something of the kind (perhaps of the Weller pattern), this prudent and pious gentleman held forth on the infidelity of the period. He denounced the doctrines of Peebles and Dunn, and bewailed the back sliding of his erring brother Woilaston, who was playing the deuce with the church by making light of brimstone. But the climax was his own grateful explanation of how he had escaped thinking about matters of this kind: "When I see all this," said he, "I bless the kind Providence which, by visiting me with a sunstroke in my early youth, kept me clear of the temptation to engage in the consideration of these awful mysteries.*' Wasn't it Mo. Davis who wished he had been carried Off by the measles when he was young and innocent ? I hear some strange gossip about the selection of pictures for the Victorian National Gallery. In the first place, it is difficult to discover value for £350 in that sketchy picture of brown rocks and grey sea spray just added. It is about as brilliant a selection as that stagey and melancholy looking produbtion, "The First Palm Sun day." A Melbourne gentleman, of acknow ledged artistic judgment, Baw the latter at the Academy Exhibition in London, and in conversation with an expert elicited the comment, "Oh, it will do well enough for the colonies." Resenting this, as a man not ashamed of his home would, his friend ex plained, "Well, you know, I mean that a better selection might easily have been made." And suggestively enough there hung close by a magnificent picture by Milling, which might have been purchased for the sum expended upon " Palm Sunday" and the "Druidical Rocks," by two far inferior artists. But of all the extraordinary proceed ings of the colony's art delegates, the most startling is the purchase of the replica of Mr. Herbert's picture. One thousand six hun dred pounds for a replica I I want to know if Mr. Herbert has any voice in the selection of pictures for Victoria. Item-if the costly copy bargained for is not to be mainly painted by Mr. Herbert's son ? Item-if pictures by this son of Mr. Herbert were not refused admission to last year's Academy Exhibition . Either art is falling off greatly in England or we are not nearly so fortunate in our agents since Sir Charles Eastlake laid out the first £1000 for us with such consummate judgment. Compare what we got for that remittance with some late invest ments. A Melbourne citizen of very old standing one of the pioneers in mercantile pursuits in Victoria-has had a well-deserved dis tinction bestowed upon him. His Majesty Charles IX. of Denmark has conferred upon Mr. J. B. Were the honour of knighthood, by patent dated in January last, and accom panied by the jewel of the Order of the Dannebrog. Mr. Were has been Danish consul for "the south of New Holland" for nearly a quarter of century, and His Majesty has fitly recognised " his honourable andlongservice." The order is of ancient date, having been founded by Valdeuiar, in A.D. 1219, in commemoration of a miraculous standard which descended from heaven, and rallied his troops when they were on the point of retreating before the Livonian pagans. The decoration which accompanies the patent to Mr. Were is of exquisite work manship in gold and white enamel, and it bears the monogram of the King and that of the recipient. On one day last week it was announced t?iat His Excellency the Governor would attend the Opera-house on the Saturday fol lowing. There was a considerable rush, for seats, of course. Amongst the applicants for places was a holder of season-tickets, who found all the seats on the plan marked off as engaged. Being a shrewd man-familiar with the fluctuation of markets-although downcast he did not despair. He asked a friend to call at the box-office in Collins- street and tender for two places cash instead of season-tickets. The chink of coin was magical in its effect. He secured excellent places. This is an encouraging fact for enthusiastic opera-goers who aBsist in en suring a successful season by paying their money in advance, and upon the faith of a prospectus. Of course we "blow" and "put side on,"and the performance, if not quite consonant with modesty, is still Justifiable. We have to blow for ourselves and for the colony, because we have no one else to blow for us. We blow honestly and directly-if rather loudly. We can't afford to hide our light undfl&i; bushel. We are on good diggings, and to know it. How can we secure immigration without blowing our own trumpet? And, after all, I don't know that there isn't quite as much brag in the quiet supercilious affectation of superiority of some of our visitors. It is something of a coincidence that Mr. Anthony Trollope, in depicting the social peculiarities of Australians, is following up what his mother did for the Americans about forty years ago. When tobacco juice was promiscuously squirted-when the tooth pick was indiscriminately selected, at the hotel dinner, from the nearest article of table cutlery-when the free citizen of a free country reclined in the dress-circle, with his legs pleasantly disposed upon the front rail, a cry of "Trollope" brought the offender to order with electric rapidity. So, doubtless, Bome of her son's criticisms upon our foibles may have a wholesomely curative influence. I don't suppose any of the subjects of his vivi section will greatly appreciate the anatomist. The scalping-knife isn't an agreeable imple ment, however delicately keen and gently used. The victims are not grateful. On the whole, Mr. Trollope's little dash of acidity will prevent the sweetness of his praises cloying the consumers. There is, I believe, one innocent form of self conceit apparent in Australian colonists when they visit other lands. They decline to be astonished. Their watchword is " nil admirari." An old gentleman was, a good many years ago, fellowpassenger with ayoung lady, a native of Sydney, who was paying her first visit to England. As the ship was towed up the Thames, he acted as cicerone, and pointed out the wonders of the shore. He indicated the vast forest of masts in the India Docks, impressing upon her the huge ness of the British mercantile marine. "Yes,'' she said carelessly "there areagoodmany ehips." Upon landing theystarted westward for hotel accommodation. Approaching St. Paul's Cathedral, he caused the driver to pull up, and called her attention to its architectural beauties and to its great size. Glancing at it carelessly, she dashed his enthusiasm with a calmly uttered " Yes, it's a nice church!" He gave in then. He didn't try to astonish her any more. JSGLES. 