MANIFEST. OUTWARDS. November 4.-Governor Blackall, s.s., for Sydney: I case, W. & M. C. Thomson ; 50 bales wool, Archer and Co. ; 1 parcel containing 13 oz. 8 dwts. gold, Queensland National Bank ; 1 parcel coutainiug 232 OZB. 1 dwt. 1 gr. coM, Union Hank of Australia ; 3 tierces tallow, 31 hides, 13. H. Foster ; 34 hides, 1 case preserved meats, W. Jackson and Co. ; 7 hales wool, 1 package, W. Heid aud Co. : 48 bales wool, .T. Headrick aud Co. ; 0 bales sheepskins, 02 cases proscrvod meats, Bcrkcl man and Lambert. TRANSHIPMENTS ox Tinonee : 2 bales 1 half-bale wool, BOV ; 60 bales wool, WÜBOU, lùogau DOWIIB ; 37 balcB wool, Cotherstone ; 48 bales wool, M. D. ; 209 largo cakes 1642 ingots ¡23 tons 17 cwt. 3 «¡re. Jilba.) copper, Peak Donna Copper Company. A telegram received yesterday afternoon by Messrs. II. M. Hunter and Co., thc agent of the vessel, informs us that the s.a. Lord Ashley would leave Brisbane for Rockhampton direct last night. The vessel will proceed to Sydney direct shortly after arrival. A number of the passengers by the ship Eugenie met last night, at the Leichhardt Hotel, for the purpose of presenting Captain G. W. Koch, of that vessel, with a testi- monial. Mr. Albrecht Feez, the agent of the ship, was spokesman, and said :-Captain Koch,-It gives me great pleasure to inform you that the passengers by your Ship have desired me to present to you the accompanying testimonial as an expression of good-will and thankfulness for your kindness to them throughout the rather long and tedious passage from thc old country. The testimonial read os follows : "Rockhampton, 4th November, 1873.-To Captain George Koch, ship Eugenie. Dear Sir,-We, the undersigned passengers from Hamburg to this port, cannot separate from 'you without expressing our entire satisfaction for what was done by you for our comfort and convenience during the long and tedious passage. We have also to thank Mr. Louis Knorr, through you, for the good quality of the provisions supplied to us and other comforts. For this you will please accept our thanks, and that is all we poor immigrants can offer you. Wishing you may long enjoy good health and happiness with a safe and speedy return home,-We have, &c.; [here follow over two hundred signatures.] Captain Koch received the testimonial with feelings bf pleasure. He felt that he had done nothing more than his duty, and could not but (feel flattered at the testimonial presented to him. At the same time he might be pardoned for expressing a hope that, all thc passengers by his ship would make good citizens in the land they had adopted for their home. The state of health in which the ship had reached Rockhampton was due more to the exertions of the Surgeon-Superintendent, Dr. Block, than to himself, and the kindness of the Doctor to the women and children was extreme, as he had frequent opportunities of noting. The Captain then thanked Mr. Feez for his kindness and urbanity, and hoped that before eight months had expired he would again be in Keppel Bay with his ship in the same satisfactory state. The meeting then terminated. The ketch Violet arrivod y«stordajr morning \- from the wreck of tho Countess Russell? Mr. Norris reports having passed a. large steamer off Bustard Head, going north, on Monday night. Thc ketch loft the wreck on Sunday morning at? o'clock, having been over throe weeks engaged in shipping wreckage in . consequence of had E. and S.E. weather. The hull of tho ship is still in the same position, with scarcely abott started ; the only leakage being through one of thc garboard streaks being damaged. Mr. Norris intends, during tho winter months, when northerly weather usually obtains, to try and get thc eliin off. It is of no use attempting this for at least tho next three months, as thc E. and 8\. E. winds would prevent any vossel lying with safety in the bight where tho Countess is taking hor ease. Mr. Norris has suoceeded in bringing safely to town 8 tanks, 2 anchors, and some forty fathoms of chain cable with two tanks of biscuit, windlass gear, large baking stove, with a number of blocks, rope, spars, the ship's p'nmps, and on endless variety of articles. The kctoli is full to thc hatches, and the whole of thc wreckage will bc sold by public auction on an early dato. [LY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] SVIJNEY, November 3.-Arrival : Lady Young, s., from Brisbane. Departure : James Paterson, s.s., for Maryborough. BRISBANE, November 3.-Arrival : City of Brisbane, s.s., from Sydney. "MARYBOROUGH, November 2_Arrival . Kembla, s,, from Brisbane. MACKAY,Novembér3.-Departure: Tinonee, ..fl., for Bowen. TOWNSVILLE, November 4. - Arrival : Boomerang, s.s., from Bowen. CARDWELL, November 3.-Arrival : Henry Albert, outter, from Townsville. SHOCKING FATALITY TO SCHOOL GIRU.-A j terrible disaster, has just occurred at Bueto Arsizio, in the province of Milan. In thc Via Santa-Croce existed a house belonging to tho church of that name, and which had remained empty for a long time, thc last tenant having left, refusing to pay any rent, as it was insecure. Tho euri, Father Biotti, beag unwilling to spend money on the place, "and desiring to turn it to account, opened it as a school for the religious instruction of young girls. On the evening of August 17, about one hundred of these, of from fifteen to eighteen yop.rs of ago, were assembled on thc first and second storeys. All at once the floors tave way, and the unfortunate pupils fell ia a oap, caingled with the beams and rubbishi Six Were taken out dead and soma twenty more seriously injured. The priest, to whose cupidity the occident is attributed, immedia- tely took to Sight, but a warrant) for his arrest hos been issued. "OCR FRITZ."-Tho National Oatxtte has the following from a correspondent:-"The people of Schleswig-Holstein arc delighted with their Crown Prince, with "Our Frite." The Crown Prince is the right mau for these people, who require for their prinoc above all familiar condescension and sympathy with. their small concerns. The noonie of Schles- wig-Holstein have already fr,ùnd iu 18G4, during the Danish war, that tb.e Crown Prince is a mon of this kind ; thrjy also know it from the last war, at least p'art of them ; and now they have just seen that their future sovereign is exactly the in an they want. Thc affable, unaffected ma» uer of tho Crown Prince and his upright German mind have won the hearts of all chusos ia the Duchies, and tho press of all parties, including the organ of thc " mcorri-gibles," the Wocfomblakl for Sletmiak-BoUte belonging to Count Bauihesin, never tir es of Binging the praise of the hero of Weissar nburg and Worth, By tho visit oí the Crt iwu Prince to Sehleswig Uolstein, and bi' â taking part in the laying of the foundatior, stone of the new university building at Kio). ^ many an " incorrigible " has beeu converted., and many a man who was grumbling at t' ne new state of things has boen won in favour of them. August 3, 1873, may bo considered a day of victory by the princely house of Hr ,honzoUcrn, for on that day they conquered 'the hearts of many of that people whose lac d they conquered at Düppel, at Aleen, an/'i at Koaiggratz." 