GERMAN IMMIGRATION. ON the 17th instant (as briefly adverted to in our telegram of Saturday), a public meeting was held in the Court-house, Mary-<*> borough, "for the purpose of making repre- sentations to the Government respecting tbe undue proportion of German immigration to this port, and to request them to take imme diate steps to remedy the evil by evenly divid ing the proportion of British and Foreign im migration to this colony." About one hundred persons were present. The chair was occupied by the Mayor, and on the bench were—the Harbor Master, the Police Magistrate, the Hon. the Minister for Lands, and Mr A. O. Herbert. The Chairman having opened the basinets by reading the advertisement convening the meet* ing, said that to show the cry had not been raised without good grounds, he would read the following statistics :— Immigrants arriving at Maryborough from March, 1871, to July, 1873. Number of vessels ... ... 7 of which there were British 2 German ... ... ... ... 5 Total number of immigrants, including children ... ... 2274 of whom were British (34 forwarded from Brisbane)... 660 German and Danish 1714 Mr Feilberg moved,—"That this meeting de sires to express its dissatisfaction with the man ner in which the emigration from the port of Hamburg to Queensland is conducted." He was sorry to find that some people had taken it into their heads that a slight was being put upon the foreigners by a certain section of the com munity. No such thing. Speaker was a Dane, and had the honor to belong to a society of Danes, established in this town, and appeared at that meeting deputed to speak for that society, as for himself. He had been at some trouble to ascertain how this immigration was worked in Germany, and he had learned. The head of the whole affair was a Mr Kirch ner. Well, this gentleman was paid at bo much per head, 30s he believed. Kirchner appointed sub-emigration agents, and these in their turn deputies. A respectable country man of his own had assured him that he was offered a billet as " sub ;" the terms amounted to about 2£d per head for all he could get to emigrate to Queensland. All vagrants are arrested in Denmark and put into a place, half workhouse and half gaol. If they prove incor rigible, and are often brought before the Bench, they are sent to Hamburg and compelled to emigrate. Formerly they were packed off to America, but the Yankees "jibbed." This used to be the style, but now, he believed, a better state of things was supposed to exist. A certificate of good conduct had to be pro duced, and a medical certificate. But this law was easily evaded. More than one gentle man has embarked in the business as certificate writer, and found it very remunerative, no doubt. The price for a good conduct certifi cate used to be £3 10*, but he heard the tariff was now reduced. The way the passengers were treated on board the ships was not credit- able. He had heard stories from parties in whom he was disposed to place every reliance, that he should not like to repeat. The ships were overcrowded, ill-ventilated, and the immi grants badly fed. The last ship that came to this port was the Reichstag. She was three months on the voyage, and a fourth of the passengers, when landed, were in consumption. A man died on the steamer coming up the river, and others shortly after their admission to the Hospital. The result is general dissatis faction. I speak at this meeting as a Queens lander, and not as a Dane. If the same class of men come from Great Britain as are sent from Hamburg, you would all rise up and be indignant. Mr Dowser seconded the resolution, which was carried by acclamation. Mr Purser moved—" That this meeting is of the opinion that an undue proportion of Ham burg ships are sent to Maryborough, and that, while fully impressed with the urgent need in the district of a continuous supply of immi grants, would like to see a fair proportion of British vessels sent to this port." Mr Pengelly seconded the resolution, which was carried. Mr E. Booker moved—" That this meeting desires to urge on the Government the necessity of increased depot accommodation, and of more efficient quarantine regulations." Seconded by Mr Annear, and carried. Mr H. Walker, with the permission of the chair, moved—" That the Government be urged, if practicable, to detain the German immigrant ship Shakespeare, now daily expected, at Bris bane, and in lieu thereof the first English ship be sent on to Maryborough." Mr Hutchins seconded the motion, though he would much have preferred that the two Ger man ships be allowed to come up to Mary borough and an English ship sent at once. He quite differed with the remarks of one of the speakers. The Germans were the best colonists we had, and he should be sorry to see them excluded. It is the system under which the immigration is conducted he complained of. The passengers came, entirely from Hamburg, whereas he should like to see them coming from every great port. The evil lay in letting the contract to one ship owner. Mr Kirchner received over £500 a-year, whereas an agent might be appointed at each of the leading ports at a much less salary, and able men could be got to do the work. Mr Hutchins then moved the next resolution, —" That the foregoing resolutions be handed to the Hon. C. J. Graham, Minister for Lands, and that he be requested to bring them before his colleagues, and to use his influence to obtain redress of the grievances complained of." He also read a few statistics which he had compiled, in order to show that the Wide Bay and Bur nett district had been neglected by Govern ment. Mr W. Soatherden seconded the motion, after which a vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings.—Abridged from the Maryborough Chronicle. 