(Frotn the Gympie limes ) LoNnON, Julv 23. Cholera has broken out in London. Much alarm prevails. The Government and the different municipal bodies have instituted pre cautionary measures to arrest the progress of the plagne. The French Assembly passed a vote of con fidence in President M'Mahon's Ministry. The Insurrection in Spain is rapidly increas ing. Don Carlos is at the head of 3J,000 men. Brisbane, July 25. — The magisterial enquiry touching the death of Mrs. Ward has been concluded. Deceased died from inflammation of the womb. The depositions have been for warded to the Attorney-General. SYDNEY, July 25. — It is still raining. — It has been officially notified that Queensland has accepted the offer of the Sydney Government for the conveyance of the English mails in California. Melbourne, July 25— The Norfolk has sailed for England with a shipment of frozen meat. English Mail. — The mail is expected here about Friday next. The outward mail closes at 8 p.m. on Friday. The mails for Rock hampton and the north close -at 9 30 a.m. this day, Tuesday. A meeting of the parishioners at St. Paul's Church is called for 7-30 p.m. this evening, in the School-bouse, to take into consideration the proposal to sell the site where the Church now stands. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Council takes place this afternoon. An -inquest .was held by the Police Magis trate, on Saturday, on the body of a womnn named Kirstine Petersen, an immigrant by the ship Reichstag, who died on board the steamer Governor Blackall, whilst being conveyed from the ship to town. Jens Petersen, husband of the deceased, gave evidence (through the Government Interpreter) that their child had died on the voyage, and his wife seemed never to have recovered the shock. ? She had also suffered severely from dysentery- Dr. Conradi. surgeon -superintendent, deposed that the do. ceased died from the combined effects of de bility, the result cf dysentery and mental depression. A verdict in accordance with the evidence was returned. At the meeting of the Jockey Club held last evening, the following nominations were received : — Publicans* Purse. W. Ruddle's ch.g. Wanderer, 3 years. H. Best's g.h. Chieftain, 4 years. J- Nolan's b.g. Mistake, aged.. Maryborough Jockey Club Handicap. W. Ruddle's ch.g. Wanderer, .3 years. J. Purcell's ch.m Highland Mary, 6 years. H. Best's g.h. Chieftain. 4 years. J. Nolan's blk.g. Fishhook, aged. ? b.g. Mistake, aged. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Chamber of Commerce will be held this afternoon. We understand that Mr. S. P. Lord, U.S. Yice-Consul for Victoria, has been invited to be present, and that the proceedings are likely to be of a more interesting character than usual. There are but two 6ingle men left disen gaged at the Depot. Twenty-five single girls found employment yesterday at 8s. per weekj and the others would, probably, have been equally well bestowed had they not foolishly held out for higher wages until remonstrated with by the Immigration Agent. Fourteen married couples were also engaged, at wages varying from £40 to £50 per annum. Apropos of our Corporation and their mode of working the ferries, we understand that a writ has been issued against them for £300 for damages, at the suit of John Higgins. We are not informed what the particulars of the cause of the action are, but we believe it to be in connection with the erection of the new wharf so close io the ferry, and thereby impeding the traffic: We trust that the latepayers will not have to pay the piper for this legal pas de denx. While writing the above wc hear that a second writ has been issued at the suit of the ame party. Another Mystery Solved. — A corres pondent at Newsa writes, under date July 24th : — In your issue of the 13th instant I per ceive a paragraph relative to the disappearance of a young man named Peter Christisen. a Dane. I beg to inform you that, he is all right, and is now working at the timber yards of : Messrs. M'Ghie, Luya, and Co. He turned up at the Saw-mills some three week back. Two or three days previous he made his appearance at Cootbaraba station nearly dead with hunger. In the afternoon he left the station with the intention of coming down to the mill, but he ] did not come, and he was seen no more till two 1 days afterwards, when Mr. Luyapeceived some person wandering about the edge of the scrub, but when that gentleman made towards him he bolted into the scrub. At last, having iiiduced him to come forth, Mr. Luya kindly took him to the station and cared for him till next day when he brought him down to the mill with the intention of sending him to Brisbane, he apparently being of unsound mind. It was proposed to send him by the steamer Elanda, en route for Brisbane, but he refused and stopped at the timber yards at Newsa. While he was at the mill he asked me to lend him a boat to go across the lake as he wanted to go to Sydney. He'said he had come from Mary borough, through the sciub. via Neardie and Gigoomgan. He was five days without food# by his own account. A countryman and ship mate of Christisen's is working here, and he came across to join him. Of the immigrants admitted to the Hospital one, a single man, namsd Johann Joergen Nielson, has died since our last issue from acute consumption, but there is a decided im provement in the others. An extra nurse, we notice, has been temporarily engaged at the institution to tend the new arrivals, and as she can speak both German and Danish she will prove an acquisition. But she is, unfortu naieiy, quite jgnoranior ine ungnsn language, so that although the patients can convey their wants to her, she, in her turn, is unable to com municate with the matron. It is in no cavil, ling spirit that we feel compelled to express our regret that the very small amount of trouble in procuring a woman who was able to speak both English and German was uot taken the more so as there 'are so many fully qualified in that respect. THAT never-failing topic, Jthe pnnt, again supplies us material for a paragraph. The schooner '? Mary Campbell,' in moving up to Graham's Wharf on Sunday last, got foul of the tide running rather strong at the time, carried chain and punt away bodily up the river. The punt ha« since been brought back, having drifted down with the tide, but the chain, it seems, has got entangled with the anchors of some of the vessels lying at Graham's wharf, and cannot be extricated. We are informed that just previous to this dis aster the punt had been engagei in some warm work with the ' Oscar ' and the ' Leichardt.' and that a serious accident very nearly oc curred from a hawser belonging to the ' Oscai ' lying across the track of the ferry, while seven horses and several passengers, including two j that the ferryman has to pursue his calling under serious difficulties, and that great allow ances mn6t be mnde, under the circumstances, for the discourteous behaviour sometimes com plained of, which may reasonably be ascribed to a temper soured by ' the continual drop dropping' — has the Premier hath it— of an noyances and interruptions. Without wishing to prejudge a c:.se, which is likely, we under stand to occupy the attention of a higher tri bunal than ours, we must say that 'he Corpora tinn rtnrvVi* i n viofina tVio nnKlin fr% t» urKnaa safety and comfort they arc resposible, to have shi.ted the ferry to some Jess objectionable site months 'ago. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Council, will take placo this afternoon. Let us hope that something will be done at once, were it but provisionally to remove this constant source of irritation, loss and danger elsewhere. The great infanticidal mystery of Thursday last has met with a full and satisfactory solu. tion. A man, named Pat Molloy, has turned up, who is no other than ' the man in a grey coat' of our narrative, and offeis the follow ing explanation of the occureence. On the day in question, at about a quarter past one, he was crossing the creek near the spot where the little girl, Annie Wells, was waiting with her brother's dinner. He had a bag over his shoulder, and was accompanied by a dog, which he caught upon approaching the creek, and threw into the water-hole. The diear rangement of the bag during this action, and the white legs of the dog struggling in the air may be supposed to have conveyed the impres. sion to the little girl — who, perhaps, had been dozing — of a baby being pulled out of the bag and thrown into the water. The above water hole is surrounded on all sides fcu* one by pre cipitous earth-banks, and in order to rejoin its master, on coming out of the water, the animal had to run a long way down the dry bed of the creek before he could c'imb upon to the level ground, which would account for the girl not seeing it emerge, as the whole surface of hole is not visible from thu spot where 6he was standing. The ducking of the dog also ac counts for the bubbles which Mr. Linklater saw rising, where he had been thrown in and Struggled uu. agaiu. «r. ihoijuj* maics uuat he knew nothing of the commotion caused by his very commonplace action, until he saw the paiagraph in our paper relating to it, other wise he would have made a point of at once calming 'he public agitation by at once reveal, ing bimself as the reputed infanticide. We regret to hear that the punt at the Mingo crossing of the Burnett has stopped working, the water being now so low that a reef of rocks which traverses the waterbole impedes the navigation. It is proposed, as soon as, the water recedes still further, to blast away this obstruction, and construct out of the fragments a causeway, or overflow dam, at the lower crossing, which is at present very rough and bumpy for drays. This causeway will assist in keeping up the level of the waterbole, and the carriers can then take their choice whether to cross, in assayer's parlance, ' by the wet method ' or the dry one. [ Police Court. — On Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, John Harty was charged with wife desertion, from Rockhampton. At the request of the apprehending constable, prisoner was remanded for eight days. A drunkard was discharged with a caution. Yes terday the Police Magistrate occupied the Bench. A drunkard was fined 10s., and the bail of another, who failed to put in an appear ance, was estreated. Edward Johns tone was brongbt up under tne vagrant Act and sen tcnced to six months in Brisbane gaol, with hard labor. The Serjeant of Police and Con stable Lonergan fully proved the case, and the former stated that there were several petty larcenies that could be proved against the prisoner. JohnBtone came to Maryborough, from Sydney, on the last trip of the 6teamer Kembla. ? ? ? ? ? ? ; ? We regret thait pressure on our colum s prevents us doing justice in this issue to Bac1. elder's Panorama This, however, we can houestly say, that we heartily endorse the encomiums that have been lavished on the entertainment by the press of New ^outh Wales. The exhibition will remain but three nignts in Maryborough. Wb have refrained from commenting on the extraordinary mortality toat marked the last voyage of the good ship Reichstag, as it was understood that a searching inquiry would be held, with the object of discovering the cause, if po=sible. The fact of the matter being, to a certain extent, sub jitdice, does not, however, prevent us from remarking on the total absence of accommodation at Hcrvey'a Bay for passen gers whom.it may be necessary cr desirable to | subject to quarantine on shore. It cannot be j for want of a suitable si'e. for there is more than one island available where, if proper ] shelter were provided, the weak or suffering immigrants might at once be put ashore, with great advantage to themselves and the rest. The establishment of a sanitary station at the Bay would have the further advantage, even when there is . no sickness on board the arriving vessel, of temporarily relieving the inconvenient and often over r.rowdnd Marv borough drpot at times when the demand for labor -is '.ess brisk than it is at present, and when it may therefore be on many accoon's desirable to keep a portion cf the immigrants back until those first forwarded to Marybor ough have obtained engagements. Under pre sent circumstances, however, it is sufficient to look upon the matter from the sanitary point of view. To keep immigrants, among whom disease has prevailed, or who are prostrated by weakness, quarantined on board ship, is to expose tliem to influences so depressing as are likely to acgravate, rather than check, the evil, j On the. other hand, their location on shore I under tents is both more expensive and less satisfactory — even in a sanitary point of view — than would be a permanent building spe cially designed for the purpose. Such a build ing would prove useful in many other ways in connection with the Pilot and Harbor depart ments ; and when nit linelv to be wanted for a specified time, would probably let at a fair rental to sportsmen, anglers, and excursionists A LITTLE boy, aged bnt 9 years, the son of Mr. George Robinson, strayed from the resi dence of his parents, near the brick yard, on Saturday afternoon, and has not since been found. He left the house with the intention of bringing in a horse, which mostly runs in the vicinity, and wa3 afterwards seen by a neighbour going in the direction of the Salt water Creek rioad. Two mounted constables were out all day yesterday in search. ['Since the above was in type, Serjeant Moore has informed us that the bny has been found. lhe father, assisted by some blacks, tracked the liitle fellow through the but=h to near J Salt Water Creek. He was quite delirious when captured, and endeavored to break off from his father and make off in the b h n. With careful treatment it is hoped that he will soon recover bis fright.] The Oscar and Carl Ludwig. the forerun'-ers of a line .of vessels inteuded to supply the Yen garie Hefinery with low-class sugars from China, are now lying alongside Graham's Wharf. They both hail from Taiwanfoo, a port in the Island of Formosa : and are manned, though English vessels, by mixed crews of Chinese and Lascars, whose outlandish appearance and gaudy costume attract much attention. They bring, between 'them, up wards of 700 tons of sugar, concerning which we erred in saying that it would he refined in bond, as this arrangement, all bough thought of, was found to be impracticable. It will therefore, pay duty like other goods, redeema ble, however, by drawback on re-exportation. It is much to be hoped that the arrival of these vessels will be the inanguration of a direct trade with China in other goods besides sugar, which we y. t hope to see produced in such quantities in our own district that there shall be no lack of what is needed to keep the refinery going. Much regret has been ex pressed that both the Oscar and lhe Carl brought very little other cargo. We do trust that future vessels will bring assorted China goods along with the sugar. 'The two ves'els' in question are of only small tonnage, drawing little over 13 feet of water ; but since vessels of 16 feet draught experience little difficulty in getting up to the wharf during spring tides, and since the removal of one or two slight obstructions would enable vessels of even much deeper draught to come up at all times, there is no reason to doubt that direct commercial relations with one or more ports iu China could be readily established. 