COALE INTElLtIGENOl. (From tfn S. A. Ir. H?lr a(mealteos.j Lonoro, August 2. 'Tlin Bank of England rain of dinoount remains at 37 per cont, Money is eaieor in the continontal mar. kotl, nod dionountl are falling. Stocky aor flirmir. Dnbonttros re o quoted on follow:--Now Sotlh Wales five per cents., .Tanuary- July, 100; Victorian lives, Janunary-July, 100; Qaueonland sixes, 110; Union Bank sharn,, 43); Dlank of South Australin, 32; English, Scottish, and Australian Chartorod Bank, 20. Coppor of all kinds isn quiet. Australian is quoted at £80 to £87 for cash. Tin is steady. Straltes slab, £130. Australian tallow has improved. Wool and wheat are Unchanged. Bost sidos of Aue. tralian loather sell at 12d. to 13d. per Ib. IIidos are steady at 0;6d. per lb. for first honey and 03d. per lb. for boet light. Sydney cocoonut oil, £27 to £31. The Rov. Geormo T. Porks, M.A., has boon eloeted prosidont of the Wesleyan Meothodiet conference for the oneuing year. The rumour that oholora had brokeon out a woole ago was oontradiotod, but two ones have slnoe oc ourrod among some Danish immigrants on route for Now Znaland, and the whole of the party have boon plaoed under medical core. A now Egyptian loan is announced of £32,000,000. August 4. A railway aoident, which onerod the death of fourtoon persons, has ooourrod at Wigan. The ,English, Fronoh, and Georman naval com manders have agrood to prevont oxeosseo by Spanish lursurgont war-ships. Auogust 5. Parliament hes been prorognud. In the ponoch delivered on the oconson, her lMaijnty thanked the Ingislaturo for the loyal promptitude with whioh it hIad lmado provision for the approaching marriago of l.RJI the Dulko of Edinburgh with the Grand Duohess Mario of Russia, and trnsted that the union will prove to be a now (to of amity beotwoon Englnnd and two groat oempires who are among the first of the foreign powers. Refornonn in mtad t tthe anooonfol termination of the mission of Sir lBartlo Frro to Zanzibar, and to the now onmmercial treaty which has boon entered into with Franon. It i nlino mentionod In the ospooh that extrndition treatins have boon entered into with Italy, Donmark, Swndon, and Brazil ; and that negotiations ore pro oooding for similar agroements with other statos. The spnooh further alludes to the llberality of the House of Commons in onabling the government to promptly moot the olaime of Amorioa consequnoot on the Genova award. The monauros of the sosnion are than onumorated, and it In stated that the revenue is fully anewering the oxpnotations of the chaneoollor of the exchequer, although the notivity of trade is somewhat restrained by the gennral condition of the people, whioh cnn tinuoe without ovidonoon of improvoment, and loads to continued ogitation for a dissolution (P). The coase of cholera in London are confinod to the party of Danish omigrants who arrived hero on their way to Now Zealand. Thoro areo seventy of them. They have been plncod on board the hospital ship at Gravosonnd. Four oneass of oholera have ooourrod, and there have boon two donthls, Dr. Foathoratono is looking after the welfare of the emigrants in the Inteoroest of Now Zealand. Oholora onea appearod at BeUnrlin. The Bishop of Ely (Dr. B.. Brown) has boon translated to the soe of Winchester, In Spain, the insurgents have surronderod in Granada, and the insurrootion has boon overcomo throughout Andalusis. Too Northumberland (e.), whinh loft tlolbourno May 18, has arrived; tlso, the Lincolnshlro, from Melbourne. 