ADELAIDE AND LONDON TELEGRAPH. Retjtbk's Telegrams TO 1KB Actstrama.n Associated Press. BT SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH. NEW YORK. Jnlv 30. The Government Bonded Warehouses in New York have been burnt. BERLIN, July 30. The King of£Saxony ia alarmingly ilL LONDON, July 31. Parliament has adjourned till Tuesday. The result of the Goodwood Cup, run on July 31, is as follows:— Goodwood Cup—Value 300 so vs., added to a subscription of 20 so vs. each, h.ft.; 2k miles. „ ' M. Le Lefevre's ch.c. Flageolet, 3 yrs., by Plutus, out of La Faverita 1 Baron Rothschild's ch.h. Favonius, 5 yrs., by Parmesan, out of Zephyr ... ... 2 Mi- H. Savile's b.c. Cremorne, 4 yrs., by Parmesan, out of Rigoeboche ... ... 3 A discussion has taken place in the House of Commons relative-to Ministerial responsi bility, Mr. Ayrton, Chief CommiBsiouer hi Works, &c.;, having repudiated the responsi bility for a Board of Works estimate which had been altered by the Treasury; but Mr. Gladstone said he disagreed with Mr. Ayrton's dictum. , The rate of discount has fallen to 1, per cent. In the House of Commons Mr. G. Sclater -Booth, Conservative member for North Hampshire, having criticised the management of the Treasury Department, Mr. Lowe promised that order and regularity would henceforth prevail. A minority of 18 members opposed tbe granting of an increased allowance to the Duke of Edinburgh. a The reported appointment of Sir G. Jessel and Mr. Fitzjames Stephen is uncon firmed. T MADRID, July 31. The insurgents are burning Seville by means of petroleum. The insurgents* squadron, consisting _ of five gunboats and two frigates, is bombarding Almeria. In Carthagena the insurgents have formed a Ministry. The Government are negotiating with the insurgents, who have possession of Valentia. Don Carlos has entered the province o Biscay. Troops have occupied Seville. BERLIN, July 31. The King of Saxony is better. NEW YORK, July 31. The cholera is spreading in Tennessee. LONDON, August 2. The rate of discount is still 31 per cent., and continental discounts are falling. Stocks are firmer. An Egyptian loan of thirty-two millions sterling is announced. The following are the most recent quota tions of Australian and New Zealand De bentures :— _ , Victorian Six Per Cents, January and July, 116; April and October, 112}. Five Per Cents, January and July, 106. New South Wales Five Per Cents, 1888 1901, 106. _ „ , New Zealand Consolidated Five Per Lents, 1031; Sixes, 111. _ Queensland Six Per Cents, January and July, 110. South Australian Six Per Cents, long dated, 115. Short dated, 110. Tasmanian Six Per Cents, 110. The following are the latest Bank quota^ tions:— Bank of New South Wales, £43. Bank of Australasia, £54. Union Bank of Australia, £43 103. TiWlinlij Scottish, and Australian, £20. Bank of Victoria, £43. Rank of South Australia, £32. The London Chartered Bank of Australia, £23. National Bank of Australasia, £6. The Rev, George F. Perks, M.A., the Secretary of the Wesleyan Conference, has been appointed President in succession to the Rev. Luke Holt Wiseman, M.A. Australian tallow has improved in value. Sydney oil is worth from £27 to £31 Best hides are worth from 12d. to 13d. per lb., and in Sydney ox hides the best heavy command 6}d., while the finest light are quoted at 6£d. The prices of wool and wheat are unchanged. Copper of all kinds is quiet at late quo tations ; the present cash price of Australian is from £90 to £92. . Tin is steady at £130. Arrived—Abbey Holme, from Port Ade The case of cholera in London rumoured last week has been contradicted, but two cases have occurred since among Danish immigrants en route for New Zealand. The entire party have been placed under medical care. . , LONDON, August 4. By a railway accident at Wigan fourteen persons have been killed.^ Mr. Board, a Conservative, has been elected for Greenwich. British, French, and German Navjil Com manders have agreed to prevent excesses being committed by ships belonging to the Spanish insurgents. LONDON, August 5. Seventy Danish emigrants, bound for New Zealand, are now in an hospital ship at Gravesend. Out of four cases of cholera two deaths have occurred. Mr. Featherstone, the Agent-General for New Zealand, is atteraing to the welfare of the passengers. Arrived—Lincolnshire, from Melbourne. The Right Rev. E. Harold Browne, D.D., Bishop of Ely, has been translated to the See of Winchester, vacant by the decease of Bishop Wilberforce. The cholera cases here are confined to the party of Danish emigrants. The Queen's Speech in proroguing Parlia ment expressed thanks for the loyal prompti tude displayed in making an additional provision for the Duke of Edinburgh, trusted that Prince Alfred's marriage with the Grand Duchess Maria would create a new _ tie of amity between the two great empires of Russia and Britain; mentioned the success ful termination of the Zanzibar Mission; glanced at the commercial treaty with France; spoke of negotiations now proceed ing with Italy, Denmark, Sweden, and Brazil relative to extradition treaties, and of agreements to a similar effect with other States; referred to the liberality of the House of Commons, enabling the Government to promptly meet the claims nnder the Geneva award ; enumerated the . measures passed during the session; stated that the revenue returns were fully answering expec tations, although trade is somewhat re strained; and remarked that the general condition of the people continues to exhibit evidences of improvement. BERLIN, August 5. Cholera has appeared here. MADRID, August 5. Granada and Cadiz have surrendered. The insurrection has been overcome throughout the province of Andalusia. PARIS, August 5. The party of the Left are continuing to agitate for a dissolution of the National Assembly. BOMBAY, August 6. ■ The P. & O. """1 steamer China, from Australia, reached Galle on the 6th. LONDON, August 6. Prince Arthur is now formally betrothed to the Princess Thyra, the youngest daughter ef the King of Denmark, and sister of the Princess of Wales. . ! Reinforcements of British troops have arrived at Cape Coast Castle, but great pjr»knPflK and heavy rains prevent their operations proceeding. PARIS, August 6. The French harvest, it is estimated, will be deficient between twelve and fifteen , million hectolitres (say from thirty to forty million bushels). The Compte de Paris has had an inter view with the Due de Ohambord at Vienna. 