OltTRLWTERfiOlltE. ' 'The imliUc'l^toiy of the mouth almost, wholly tftxirt on an incident cohinedted with \ th e case of the notoriotffi Carl massacre in the .! South Seafc It iriU "be rtm6inbered that tiro \ men, namM'Vduht wd IllonrlcC who. Veto j implicatedin ffi^itrocitiea.^ere arresfcea in this colonfi 'trted in Melbonme, convicted Of manhlai^hti^ «id sentenced, under an . Imperial atet/fo » <reaitf. pftiial aemtfcde. j TheBe mfen irtiw ^rdl oonhedte^, andpe* Bistent efforts have' Men - fcade fey their friends to efiP^dt theirieleaae. . Theaeelfortp; at len^h tftok tbeffirna bT aA application on - ftafeai for tMlr Srelfej&e; totte ground thajt - -their detention vha fflegftL Thfe oohtention. lWak that, -ine&mtioh;'i&^the prisoners were gentencfed to rfcfeBB! torrttude" a forth <(f, ?punishment not rftdbgnisecl bythe law of tlae s colony, they could not legally be punished by the ordinary "imprisonment frith hard latiour,"which, iA sentences here, takes'the £lace ;of penal, servitude; and :,that, as th6 place of i detention; bad not ..-been appointed by ,one : of Her Majeatyfe Secretaries of State as the placewhereihey were to undergo.putiishpient, they could i not he heldin custody. The case came before the -Banco Gourt,,andwas.duly£rgued, the At torney-Geperai .appearing onbelialfof the Crown. The Conrt hdd ;tlmt;ihjs j^pt finder which. the prisopera were coancted . and sentenced left two alternat^e^ to the Exe cutive jn, carrying opt.jthefr sentence.It .could cither jsend this prisoners to England to undergo their sentence of penal,servitude there, orcoulfl request the SecretarypfStatejto .assign a place ffjc ^heirdefcentjon here. But as neither of thepe courses had jbeenadopted, the return ,ito rjthe writ w*8 bad, and , the prisoners must be discharged. They, were, accordingly released, amidstfche applause .of the crowded, audience in the, court. On getting outside tbey were, at once re-arrested by the poUce, ,and! next day were brought np before the police court on the charge of .being iUeg^yatlaigebefore^he expiration oiE their sentence. The Bench,however, lield that the order of release of. the Supreme Court was an answer to this charge, and again set the prisoners at liberty, when the . scene of the previous day .was repeated, and, the ill-con ditioned: crowd who, were in attendance greeted their release ^yjowdy applause. This deplorable failure of justice in refer: ence to tie terrible crime in which these men were, accomplices roused a strong feeling of indignation throughout the colony. It appeared due to an unaccountable blunder on the part of the Executive, and it seemed impossible to ascribe it to any other source save a feeling of semi-hostility towards the Colonial Office, which had prevented, the Government from asking the necessary directions from the Secretary of State. In the Legislative Assembly advantage was taken of the general feeling by Mr. Grant, on the part of the Opposition, to table a motion expressive of the "alarm and disapproba tion" with which the House viewed the conduct of the Government in the matter. The Attorney-General attempted to offer an explanation of the principles on which he had acted, but this the House refused to hear, and the matter remained over till the following Tuesday. The motion was then moved by Mr. Grant, and was seconded by Mr. Mac Bain. Coming in this shape the motion as sumed the form of a vote of censure, the adoption of which would oust the Go vernment, while the ipanner in which it was moved, seconded, and supported showed the character of the coalition that was ready to grasp the reins of power. Thfe Assembly found itself, instead of dealing in a judicial way with a judicial question, in volved in a party contest for power, in which the lapse of justice, which all regretted, was i used merely as a weapon in the cause of j faction, while the prospects of a change of j Government at such a juncture were nothing less than most threatening. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, to aid the cause of the Op position most effectually, determined that the reluctance of his own followers to replace him in office should not act as an obstacle to the motion, and at an early period of the debate announced that, as he was about to, visit Europe, it could not have any such effect EO far as he was concerned. -Mr. Stephen, the Attorney-General, entered at length into the legal questions involved in the case. He repudiated emphatically any feeling of reluctance to obtain the di rection of the Secretary of State had he considered that the right or proper course to pursue. It would, however, he contended, have involved the necessity of declaring thip a convict colony. His defence was a legal one, and showed that he had differed throughout from the views taken by the Court, and hence the miscarriage. It is impossible, in view of the result, to call it a satisfactory one, but it strengthened the conviction felt all through that Mr. Stephen, however seriously he had blundered, had acted with honesty and to the best of his judgment in ! the matter. At the end of the debate the | : Government obtained a majority of 35 to 20. and an - amendment, proposed by Mr. Macpherson, expressive . merely of the ."regret" of the House, was lost by a small majority. After the division the Chief . Secretary assured the House that the matter would receive the serious attention of the Government, with the view of preventing any ; such occurrence. in future. It has been i stated that the Government has since de- : termined to appeal against the decision i of the Supreme Court, and that the tw6 j men are, if possibly, to be re-arrested, ? Itisatonce to be admitted that the result of the affair was by no means satisfactory, The good name of the colony was interested in Parliament placing on record anemphatic : condemnation of the mismanagement which, fead set these criminals free, and yet p&rar; : mount political considerations of the gravest moment to the colonypre vented such a course from being.taken. The "alpxmpnddisapprol bation,'' which the Assembly declined t»re<wri ina yote, were strongly expressed i^ the speechesof hon. members, but it was. at thp some time felt that this w&8 not, sufficient In the legislative Council a resolution, ex pressing the regret of tbe JHoo^e, has subsequently been carried.: . But in th£ midst of the indjgnajion and humiliation generally «nterftwn#di there was still sojnp strong feeling left t for the spectacle exhi bited; inthe.newajby th$ laetm&il;, of thfe arch-sooundrel WWW. itbe prime cause of this atrooious oriw futid all of its regtptabfe consequences, beingtaktninh&nd; in London, and aided: to pubUsh a book ojn the South Sea slave trade, which, it a truthful one, would be the rooet impudent autobiography of crime ever penned. <lt is quite possibly that the events tbatbave occurred here mar be wtongly *ogard^«seriously ^flectingoh Viotoria, imd- M implnng spmething like k sjrapwfcs wjth ih« ipftrdwftui. outreew which these psen were guilty. Should that feeling be entertained, it must be remem bered tbatit, was theacfr ofan^fllcfal ?XawHial- Government * {Mr, , lifter consul at Levyka)f that secured to the villain Murray immunity. fronvlhe consequence# of :? hiscrime, and,by allowing the chief . cplprit to go free, jpadeitdiffipultto awardpunish meat,, to hissubonJiiiateB,, and alsothafc M\u?ay, after j^g ftn'ffoMfo by the batingj^d 4l#^lN^A*Hlk4$l8ir wbere followed:. hijm, , tappeap lively to make profit out of his ctipies in Kngl$Df}, ?find to bring out his book under. the patron age of bishops and .pfy'j^ftroplcjQ^ij^.; ! The attempts made in and orff. nf rPariU, meat to get np an agitation over the rejection, ?of. the. Electoral .Bill iy ;'the s>itcgiglstiire Council tow failures. Tfcerewas nd J6ri. dence that the measure was wanted by ihe House or the oountiy. TheGovemment announced that it did not intend- to takeaay present action in consequence of thelosfrof 'he bill, butwould make the reformof tike Council a prominent featuteof the appeal to be made to the country in the next gebtnl election. In the meantime necessary men* sures would be proceeded with, and. the session terminated as soon as possible.' - In accordance with this policy, another measure of. land legislation has beeh brought ifl{^he principal point pi. which is the extension of the area of selection from 320 tp 64Q acres. It also facilitates the conditions pf settle ment. The Permissive , Bill fell through, owing to the objection that, being a affecting trade, it should hav£ been intro duced in committee. The Goveniment EaiL y&y;, Construction. Bill has been brought in. . It provides,for ? the formation... .of the following lines of -railway, after .£he completion of those now in, course of execution, which it is estimated, Rill.be finished by the end of 1874Melbourne to Sale (Gipps Land), 130 miles; Wangarattato Beechworth, 22 miles ; Ararat to Stawell.18 miles ; Ararat to Hamilton, 64 ; Sand hurst to Inglewood, 30 miles; Maryborough, to Avoca, IS miles; Leigh-road to Colac, 42 Portland to Hamilton, 55 miles. The ,total estimated cost is £2,250,000, and as £1,320,009 will be available from the fund set apart from the land revenue for railway purposes, it will only be needed to borrow £1,000,000 for the execution of the works. The institution of "Hospital Sunday" has been introduced this year with good success. Sandhurst observed the day on September.7, when the collections amounted to about £li000, and about £250 was collected at. Gee long on the same day. Melbourne and some other towns held their Hospital Sunday on September 28. The mpvement was taken up with great spirit. Special services were I"*1J in the Town-hall, at the Theatre Royal, and also in the open air at volunteer church parades, and the -whole of the sums Mulcted in Melbourne amounted to about £4,000. Altogether, a good beginning has been with the work. The mining dispute about the ownership of some claims at Stawell, which has been the cause of so much trouble and litigation, has been settled by a compromise. Mr. C. H. Pearson, Pellow of Oriel College, and the author of the (he History oftEngland during the Middle Ages, has been appointed lecturer on history and poli tical economy at the University of Melbourne. Mr. Tulk, the librarian of the Melbourne Public Library, is dead, , and the trustees have recommended the appointment of Mr. Sheffield, the sub- librarian, to the vacant place. Mr. W. C. Watts has been appointed city snrveyor, the of which office he had for some been performing. The official opening of the last section of the North-Eastern Rail way is appointed for the 27th insfc,, when * public celebration will take place at Wangaratta. The line will be opened for traffic on the same day. The second of the Ballarat and Ararat Railway has been tendered for by Messrs. Crossley and Co., the sum being £40,855, and the tender has been accepted. During a recent trip to New Zealand from Melbourne, the steamer Claud Hoimlton was caught in a heavy gale, and a sea swept away the deck-house, carrying with it Captain Rouse, the master of the steamer. His sad loss occasioned a feeling of general regret. At the late matriculation examination at the University, out of a laige array of candidates, o^ly two passed "with credit," and the. two thus distinguished were young ladies, Miss Jenny Bromby and Miss Sarah Louisa Bourke. Water has been admitted into the Williams town Graving dock, and the caisson will Boon be put in place. The return ball to the mayor of MeL bourne took place on the 7th inst, and . was very successful. The New South .Wales Parliament was opened on September 9 by the Governor, Sir Hercules Robinson. The address congratu lated Parliament on the increased prosperity of the colony, and the improved revenue returns. It alluded to the agreement -entered into in London between Mr.SavdSamwl.Ni behalfof KewSouthWaleB, and Mr Russell, oh behalf of New Zealand, fpr a Calif omian Steam service, the term? being each oolony to pay £40,000 subsidy. Bills were promised prpyiding for the constmction ot cheap lines of railway, the re<^nstnvBtum of the Upper Ho^se, the increase of ^ aumber of mem jbers of the Aspeiflldy, to: reform the juris prudence cpde, a^d fp amendthe Land Act. Rob^acai jp^jpopei an. amendment on. the address in reply,t^demnirig the conduct of the Gpy^rnm^nt, but it w^is negatived without a division. . Tjie Government has introduced a bill to abolish newspaper postage, and the Council Reform Bill has bep^faqpught into tjiat Housed Mr. DaUfiy has resigned his jet^ ^s a member of the Council, and thp. Government has .decided. not-to fill up th^^n^ting vacancies pending the reoonstuptispn {£ that Chamber. H.&.8. on her 1 WW to Portsnao^lj,. <uig w»* sfltbusiaaJically 1 cheered byvfenft toting ujnder , weigfc. The P##t Apg of the , new oommodoi^ jrill *#<* 'Wel lington, and will then prooeed to Fiji. H.M.S.S. Roeario axtdBeagle An ordered to Tiji, thereto await the arrival of The PearL The TYench iron clad Atalante left for Auck land on September 17, after undergoing ex tensive repairs. Before leaving, ? Admiral ftonfisin addressed a letter to Mr. Cathbert, shipbuilder, oompliroenting him on the 'Vay in which the repairahad been executed, and the facilities possessed by the port Chief Justice Sir Alfred Stephen has taken Iris farewell of the Bench and the Bar oh his ^retirement from the judicial office, after laving held a position as judge for 34 years. Bit Edward Creasy, Chief Justice of Ceylon, who is on a visit to Sydney, has been entertained at a dinner by ihe Bench-and Bar of the colony. The Danish brig Oscar, from Amoy, struck at the Heads,ahdsahkimmed)ately.Thecaptainand all hands "were saved. A curious measure, brought into Parliament by Mr. Stewart, is ?worth alluding to ae an instance of the spirit of resistance to priestly aggression -which is one of the conspicuous social forces «f the day. Mr. Stewart proposes to make utilawful and subject to penalty the practice of Catholic clergymen of exacting a promise, in the case of marriages between Catholics and Protestants, that the children will be fcdncated as Catholics. The bill may not be a vfciy wise one, and the subject is one far better let alone/but the proposal shows that the warfare of Liberalism versus Ultramon tanism appears in a small and singular form in this part of the world. " The Treasurer of South Australia, in pre waiting his financial statement, was in a ] position to* adopt the congratulatory form j which Australian Treasurers are generally : fortunate enough to be able to use. He mentioned, also, that the Government hoped to he able to put aside £50,000 for immigra tion purposes in 1874. A proposal has been made to take measures for the reduction of the charges in force on the telegraph line to 'Enxope by nearly one-half. As showing the prosperity of the working classes in this colony, two facts may be mentioned. One is, that farm labourers 'have been recently de xnanding as wages 30s. per week and their ra tions. The other is, that it was lately declared "by the Chairman of the Destitute Board that there was not an able-bodied pauper in the colony. Not only was there work for all, but as a fact all were at work. The Parliament of the colony is engaged mainly over the Education Bill, a measure similar in its general principles to that in force in this colony; The lighthouse at Glenelg has been accidentally burned. The recent news re garding the gold prospects of the Northern Territory Jias been discouraging. Outrages Tjy natives have also taken place. A woman named Elizabeth Woolcock has been com shitted for trial on the charge of poisoning her husband at Mocnta. From Queensland we have the report of the massacre at Green Island, by natives, of three white men and a Kanaka, who were engaged in fishing for" Mche-de-mer. The Governor has released Captain Booth, of the schooner Jason, who was sentenced to five years' imprisonment for kidnapping in the South Seas. He had only served two years of his sentence. An exploring expedition lias been sent to examine the country in the "Far North, between Cardwelland Endeavour Blver, which has been said to possess good .' looking country and some fine rivers. The ' land is said to be welladapted for sugar plant, ing. News has been received stating that the expedition has found new and extensive gold diggings. A "rush" has taken place to the locality, and the Government has sent an official staff to take charge.' In Tasmania tW Treasurer, on making his fiimmrfnl statement, was enabled to speak of a wmilar state of prosperity to that vhich iB now general in the Australian'colonies. The Customs revenue showed an increase, but there Was a foiling off in the land fund, ?whichwould necessitate the Government to resort to other sources of taxation, and the imposition of an income-tax of 6d. in the £ 3s proposed. This proposal, however, en counters a good deal of opposition in the country. In other respects there are most Satisfactory signs of an improvement in the -condition of the colony. The timber tradte is expanding, a woollen factory is now fairly started, and the- whole capital, £60,000,6f%he Mount BischofF Tin Mining Company has ' 1>een locallyraised. The condition of conflict between the two Souses of legislature which is almost chronic in the Australian colonies how exists in New Zealand, having been occasioned by Hie rejection by the Council of Government measures. Mr. Vogel intimates that if other meatos of overcoming the difficulty fail, he will be prepared to propose an appeal to th^ Imperial Parliament to alter the constitution of the Upper Chamber, fn the meantime; the session is closed And Parliament is prorogued. ? ? Importanthaihour Works are to be executed at Lyttelton, at a costof between £150,000 and £300,000. A great fireoccurred at Auckland ' on September 6, by which 68 buildings were tmmed dowfc; and property destroyed to the . sWan«f cif £60,00&;^hfe'fchlpPnhjaub.' bi ! iMrfraoentarriVaf^ reported 2T V deaths from typhur fe ver duHngr the voyage. < v,;^'ecandition ofaffairsinf'iif Ssisbad 4 ?*" ' The' ivUWi^dents nf^Mpay "fakie; the'GoVeritinent paper is dishonoured ? 'W! ij^veA^ht' ^EBue a pWwlamatibn' ai ' abimcing ifcq'; ihtention°W its 'if HlV thfe J ca^^« H.M.S:'1'Blanaife !^ri^s a rioti&i; ! Itt-^ffing 'Oa^bfftre ^mploynifent or: hbl, '^baShtf'tikin^pim iri&aybreach;' <jffJihj eeetfrea .. KatlhiB^Am^entr Vbtild ittyionit i ink1Ja w&^betwetfri^ i - »'tfWf ttcfls isMiMneniL fctfflitift impossible t > liar. Ji.-mo'J ,.'j j othfet"pa»t« 6f %er^«ii gei»-wfe, f theTi<Hiato1^^bfigJ'Tytfebw)o c 1 &&&<£< Xtikt i, > 'talfetfttttttiMg' *ienth<aiaifl'vfe KftfrKSff titi I« > "feojfoiflWMtfitiift'' t, i <3% 71 .lift o* (VjdJ Hiw Luis J ti liih OfoiHoU i . remained till rescued by a Sydney trader. . The schooner Lavina was attacked by natives, -who killed the mate, cook, and two of the crew, and tUrew the captain overboard. He, got into a boat: alongside, with a portion of the crew, and kept the natives off with a revolver. They got safely away, and landed at the Duke of York'Mand, which also formed the refuge to the men before referred to. Now that the Randwick Spring Meeting is reckoned among past events, racing men from all parts of the colonies, and racehorses also, are congregating at Flemington, in pre paration for the Spring Meeting of the Vic toria Racing Club, which takes place on November the 1st, and the 6th, 7th, and 8th. Horatio's victory in the Metropolitan has made him first favourite for the MeL bourne Cup, for which event he is quoted at 100 to 15. Don Juan, in Mr. Wilson's stable, and King of dubs were until quite lately the next in the betting, the Don at 100 to 10, and the King at 100 to 6, but they have fallen from their high estate. Early Morn (also in-Mr. Wilson's stable), Fitz- Yattendon, Hamlet, Dagworth, M'Callum Mohr, have all been backed. The Ace is at 100 to 2. For the Victoria Derby, Lapidist, in Mr. Filgate's stable, was quoted at 4 tol; the Maid of Avenel at 5 to 1; then Rose d'Amour, the Sylvia colt, -Dagmar, and Dante have been backed; but owing to the very unfavourable weather experienced for some months, business on turf Events has been vety and on the eve of a great meeting we hardly remember everything beingso quiet. Mr. Bagot has nearly completed the im provements on the Flemington course, and his new stand will be agrand feature on the Oup day. An immense attendance is expected. Mr. Ryan, of South Australia, has beeii very unfortunate in losing another valuable race horse, his Derby colt Benvolio having slipped on the wharf at Sydney, when being shipped for Melbourne, and broken his back. Last year, it may be remembered, he lost Leo for racing purposes, the horse having broken a small bone in his leg when running in the Derby at Launceston. Benvolio is a much greater loss, as, whether he had won the V.R.C. Derby or not, his blood would have made him valuable at the stud. Mr. Ryan has announced the sale of all his horses after the Cup Meeting. Football and hunting are both over, and as regards these sports the past season has sur passed any preceding one. The Melbourne Hounds have done great things, especially at theWerribee, and it is proposed to wind up the season with a dinner to Mr. Watson. The Flemington pack have had some fine runs, and the up-country packs have been Lard at it, notably the Messrs. Wilson on the Wimmera, and Mr. Rowlands, the latter pack always hunting legitimate game, the kangaroo, and splendid sport they have. Football is more popular than ever, it is often played very roughly, and thousands of spectators witness every important match. Active preparations are "being made for the visit'of Mr. Grace and his band of cricketers. The first match is fixed for Boxing Day, on the M.C.C. 'ground, when, probably, 18 Vic torians will do battle against them. Ar rangements have been for matches at Ballarat 'and Adelaide, and no doubt they will go to Sydney. The weather has, how ever, been against early cricket, and little practice has yet been had. Little is "doing iti aquatics, hut Victoria will not be represented at the Balmain Regatta. Mib. Bates's engagement terminated at the Theatre Royal on the 13th ult. The previous night, on the occasion of the benefit. of Mrs. Bates, an extravagant but dull, drama, entitled " L*Article 47," was playfed, with indifferent success. Mrs. Bates subse. quehtly fulfilled an engagement at Sand hurst, but on the 7th inst. she went to Adelaide for six weeks,- accompanied by a company including Mr. and Mrs.; Belton, Mr. Dunn, Mr. S. Poole, Miss Dougl&ss;, and other well-known members of the Victorian stage/who have heen selected to support her there. On the 20th nit. Mr. Dampier made his first appearance in Australia, at the Theatre Royal, in the part of Mephistopheles. He gave very general satisfaction, and there seemed' teason' to regard him as an acquisition to the Tanks of our capable fetock actors. His later efforts, howeVer, have hardly confirmed- thfe impression. : On this 27th, Mrs. Dampier appeared for the first time; as Violet in Boucicanlt's drama of " Grimaldi." Her success wiasof avery doubtful kind, tmd heir 1 subsequent appearance in a; burlesque parjt removed her from the domain of doubt, and increased the w6nder generally 'felt as tp where Mr. Harwood left his judgment whe^i in England. At St. George's-hall the Emer son Minstrels hare increased steadily in public favobr, and their performances havp been well attended. Mr. Emerson hag certain specialities which no previoc minstrtelin this city has ^possessed.- ?' < > At tl Prince of Wales Opera- house" Genevieve ? Btabant "wasprodacedonthe Ut&alti;, abf had a run' of 16 "nights., it Is wide t£at the^Ser&tic; . season wfll shorttj" brought' to a tlose, and; that 6 -dratotitT company *will be eiftgagdd " itortbia ' Chrisc jmas- iseasoff;; which "will' include'"an original Tjdrlfesque by MDr. Gaiftttfct Walch. During thte rim of " Gehfcvieye de'Brfib&tit;,|' *TheK6ise OfAuvergne" waspltttfftditfiliiopeii ing piece', 'and it gave Miss Wimton-^tnbat deserving WdjMng lyric ^tfaSS-^^-^ttn/St^pox tutiityr' of dpt>earing aspriiicipal for (feudist < 'time.''Miss Alicp! May"si»pularityttfcfrony 'oiihtinneB -unabated;'but'is steadilypajs i t bright to be, tin the £n&«ase. > *fihe v tookhc r b&fefit; on 4he 2nd - in&lyr;£fceite& Th^ethr^^lAtt^wt^Wit/th 5 ftoyal, ' tfife O^ra^hbttoti,' Wid fl^ JDebtge'i - lail4«er r^resehted'Hitt <AlfeisNfaas< f' amtu*iteeht &Melbourtwdurittg; theimwrtl,i but^&<i<tiafcl been feufteftiis htifutf wnte! - < fadtiWiMiiH* irt the suburbs, wsi thesa hats fUitotelied ti latgd ^timt^t: df|)S90pfe Mfch it jfl&iilaiik; <f r»ta ve^felm»#t6d{ fktad'w&ri; -; ^' ^bdOAtll' n g4tflu»ur r u ;(i U;;crfB .liCff:; 130ft> osufi jfoUhr,, :l fii'.i f announced far$o-nigtat,;aft|rwhich pfceleayes for India. On the 3rd Mademoiselle Jenny Claus, a violiniste lately arrived in the colony, made her first appearance at the Prince of Wales, and produced a . most favourable impression. Mr. John Smith, formerly of the firm of Lyster and Smith, is announced to arrive by the next mail, with a miscellaneous company of acrobats, &c.;, who are to apear at the Princess's Theatre, which is being suitably prepared for them. Mr. Rickards, who has been absent from Melbourne for some time, is to re-open at the Apollo-hall on the 11th. Mrs. Steele has been giving a miscellaneous entertainment in New South Wales. The Juno Company in Hobart Town axe reported to be doing well. Mrs. Phillips, who met .with a dreadful accident a fortnight ago, is recovering. In the extreme north, Mr. Tavaies is described as rusticating, and in New Zealand Mr. Hoskins and Him Colville appear to be still the principal sources of of attraction. Harvest prospects are now engaging the chief share of the farmers' attention. As the season advances the crops in cool and moist districts are less favourably spoken of,whilafc those in localities which are usually jjilest with rather too much fine weather are said to be looking far better than usuah The net result will probably bB an average one, but in this country it is un safe to calculate on appearances until harvest is more nearly at band. The nights continue cool-sometimes frosty-the general character of the spring resembling closely that of the last spring-season in Britain. The show season is now nearly at its height; within the next two months one or two events ot this description will occur weekly. Amongst the most important are the show off the National Agricultural Society at Mel bourne, in the fourth week of the current month; that of the Ballarat Society, in the first week of November; and the state or National Show at Smeaton, in the following week. 