IATESX EUBOPEAK INTELLIGENCE. {rB0U~IHB 8. M. HUMID.) ? Iosdon, July 31. Shortly after tho Commuted of tho Assembly had voted in favour of tho Commercial Treaty with England, an adjournment to November took place In a message to tho National Assembly, President MacMabon answers for the maintenance of order, deprecates undue national manifestations on tho occasion of tho evacuation at-JFntt&-i*rtto**T ly Win Jn»t of the German troopB, and states that the establishment of pi ico iB the firat necessary. Angust 1. k discussion took place in tho Houso of Commons on i nisterial Responsibility, in consequence of Mr, i rton repudiating tho responsibility of tho Board of \i orks for the alteration of an estimate by tho I insurer. Mr. Gladstone disagreed with the dictum la il down by Mr. Ayrton. Tbo King of Saxoiy is reported to be recovering. Id tho Honie of Commons, Mr. Q. Scl«t»r-Eooth cr ticised tho management of tho Treasury. The Eight Hon. B. Lowe promised that henceforth regularity and order should prevail. JThc appointment of Mr. Stephens to succeed Sir George Jesul as Solicitor-General has nob beon confirmed. Tho a rant of an additional £10,000 a year to tho Duke of Edinburgh on his marriage was carried, with 18 dissentients. ' Tie insuretnts in Spain are bnrning Seville with petroleum j and an insurgent squadron consisting of fivo gunboats and #? frigates are bombarding the port of Almcria in Andalusia. j The insurgents at Cartbagena havo formed a Ministry j and are negotiating with those of Yalentia. Don OarloB has enteicd Biscay. The insnrgent troops aro in possession of Seville. J Cholera, ia spreading in Tennessco. ,, .' LoHDOjvAugust 2. Tie Rev. Georgo T. Parks, M.4. s'im ?»''» elected ? President of. .fhg .WesWyira 'Methodist Conference for the ensuing year. The rumour that cholera had broken out a week ago was contradicted, but two cases have since occurred among come Danish immigrants m route for N Zealand, and the whole of tho party havo been placed under medical care. A new Egyptian loan is announced of £32,000,000. August 4. A railway accident, which cansed the death of fourteen persons, has occurred at Wigan. Tho English, French, nnd German naval com manders have agreed to prevent excesses by Spanish insurgent war ships. 