THE ALARDUS. (To the Editor of the Northern Agus.) Dear Sib. — In your issue of Thursday last I notice a telegram to tbe effect that the German residents at Brisbane have petitioned the Government to inquire into the state of the German immigrant ship Alardus. Through the columns of your paper I have at different times referred to the subject of German immigration, and have no doubt if proper inquiries are made it will be found that the colony gets immi grantswith German ships, but very few German immigrants. The Queensland Immigration Agent for Germany resides generally at Darm stadt in the interior, and when a ship is being despatched from the shipping port (Hamburgh), he goes there for a few weeks, where he ought to reside perma nently, and the only intelligence which the public receives about Queenslend is a a short advertisement, reading like this: — ' Male and female servants can obtain free passages to Queensland, Australia, by paying 10 dollars (£1 10s.) The natural consequence is that no German with a little money, who seeks a new country, goes to Queensland, but pays his passage to America, and what Queensland gets are the poorest of the poor, some good Swedes and Norwegians, but mostly poor Jutlanders, and the pro verbially dirty, half- starved natives from the far East Prussian and Russian Poland, people with the three species of pediculi capitis, vestimenti, and pubis, which have a natural aversion to soap and water; and even on short voyages to Boston and New York it occurs often that sailing vessels, with these immigrants, show a large number of deaths ; have disease and plenty of vermin on board, and have to be put in quarantine,! but it is generally found that the cause is not want of good provisions, but rather tbe contrary, illness being brought abont through the unaccustomed diet of good Hambro beef and pork and want of cleanliness, and this will be most likely the' case with the Alardus. The names of the immigrants per Alardus, I see end mostly with the Danish sen (Jutland j and the Polish ki and koto, and I have no donbt it will be found that but Very few Germans are on board ; in fact these races are antagonistic and a German who can pay his own passage will not go in the steerage in such company, for formerly Suabiane, Hessians, Hanoverians, Saxons and other Germans used to come out to Australia, principally to New South Wales and Victoria, and have generally done well, these Germans do not immigrate to Queensland now, and the few which come to join their friends here go rid England and Sydney. The remedy is simple ; if Queensland wishes other immigrants than these thirty shilling people, let the Government open a proper office at Hamburg where information can be got ; issue a pam phlet about the advantages of the colony ; advertise when ships are leaving, with prices of cabin and steerage passage ; pay the agent well, that he can afford to live at the shipping port; in fact, do the \- Bame thing which Brazil, Chili, Canada, and other countries do. Queensland offers more advantages than any of these countries, higher wages, better living, finer climate, liberal land laws, gold fields, &c;, &c;, but let it be known, go to some expense, advertise, and if the Government will pay the full passage, let the Government send ont Harz miners and other useful people, who, *wben once settled, will soon induce their friends to follow. Yonrs faithfully, Observer. 