CONTINENTAL IMMIGRATION. THE following is a copy of a letter forwarded to the Government by the committee elected at a public meeting of German and Scandinavian residents in and around Brisbane, held on the 29th of May last :— Brisbane, September 15,1873. Sir, —At a public meeting of German and Scandinavian colonists, convened by advertise ment, and held in Brisbane on 11th July, 1873, the committee previously elected in the matter of the Alardus was authorised to submit to the Government suggestions for the amelioration of the German and Scandinavian immigration. For this purpose, and in order to elicit the soundest views, we placed ourselves in commu nication with German colonists of position and experience both here and in the southern colo nies, and now have the honor :o render, what we have a right to call, well sifted suggestions. We beg to premise that the motive actuating us is a sincere desire to assist the Government in procuring for the colony a desirable and large immigration from the Continent of Europe, and it is only with this object we take the liberty of the present step. Our enquiry has resulted in evidence of a high order that a large and spontaneous immi gration from Germany could be induced, were steps taken to promulgate amongst the hotter classes fair and unvarnished accounts of the oolony, and, above all, were Government guaran tees offered that miseries like those on board the Alardns shall, in future, be guarded against by every precaution possible. The present emigration from Germany con* sists to a very large extent of people with some meant, and from districts where agriculture has reached a very high development. There are at present two great fields to which German emigration is directed—vis., the countries of the Lower Danube and North America. The first, favored by the leaders of the German nation, and supported by all the weight of the German element of Austria, and German commerce, is and will remain a field of colonisation, against which the inducements we can offer are store to be inadequate. All we can hope to do i* to attraot a portion of that vast living flood now going over to North America. The better classes of German colonists as a rule do not look with unalloyed admiration on American institutions, and certainly do not fancy American rowdyism. It is amongst these classes princi pally where we can hope to induce to us a spontaneous and a comparatively large emigra tion, and at leu expense, &nd; probably of greater benefit, to the colony than the present. The committee beg therefore to suggest — Firstly, the advisability of circulating gratis among these classes, in pamphlet form, a fair account of the colony. We have made en quiries and are informed that up to the present nothing of the kind has been done, excepting advertisements, the very nature of which is sure to deter emigrants of a superior class. People with a little mean* and whohave aomenicety as to the oompany in which they will have to face the discomforts of a long sea voyage are not likely to be attracted by advertisements like the fol lowing :—" Male and female servants can obtain .free passage to Queensland, Australia, by paying 10 thaler." (80s). A valuable auggeition has been made to us by Dr. 0. Micke, the editor of the " Australische Deutsche Zeitung," to the effect that those pam phlets should be authenticated by a German society. This gentleman forcibly points out into what bad odor emigration pamphlets have become in Germany through the instru mentality of similar productions issued by the Brazilian and other South American Governments. In the absence here of a German society of a public character, those pamphlets might be submitted to several colo nists, to be elected for that purpose by a public meeting of Germans and Scandinavians of Bris bane,, and be authenticated by them. Supple mentary reports should follow from time to .time to keep the name and the resources of the colony prominently before the public. Bimilar report! in Danish and Swedish should be circu lated in Soandinavia. We would farther draw attention to the hiih physical, moral, and intellectual qualities of the inhabitants of North Italy, especially of the Lombardian plains. A large emigration of moat valuable colonists it now leaviug there for South America. The esteem in which a considerable number • of. North Italians art held in Victoria shows they would prove equally desirable colonists here. Another object might be served by inducing these emi grants to come here —they would introduce among us sericulture, the cultivation of the olive, and other industries favored by our climate, and in which they have experience. Pamphlets in Italian, distributed in Lombardy, would, we believe, be of great service to the colony. These people, in our opinion, are much more desirable than the simi-barbarous Polish peasants and Polish Jews brought here by the Alardus and other German vessels. Immigration being now the great question in all the Australian colonies, combined aotion for Continental immigration would probably result in a regular steamboat connection between Aus tralia and the German ports. Arrangement as to the distribution of the immigrants among the colonies would appear easily attainable. It stands to reason how little the best efforts will avail if occurrences like those on board the Alardus counteract. We have taken all the steps in our power, and have received the most cordial assistance from the German Press in the southern colonies, and assurances entitling us to the hope that our efforts will have Home effect in Germany towards precautionary measures. Were it not for this hope, rather than again 6eo ships sailing under the German flag to this colony, becoming the scene of whole sale sacrifico of human life to criminal neglect and rapacious disregard of decency and sanitary necessities, we would oppose and hinder by every means in our power, a continuance of immigration from the Continent of Europe. In the case of the A lard us, the insufficiency of our colonial passenger laws was severely fe.t, showing the necessity for supplementing the Imperial Act—the only one in force here—by a local enactment similar to the Victorian Passen gers, Harbors, and Navigation Statute, 1865. We therefore beg to suggest- Secondly, the adoption of sections 19 to 38 and parts VI. and VII. of the Victorian Act re ferred to. In our opinion it appears a most necessary concomitant to a foreign immigration on foreign ships, that the Government should have some control over the shipper in the way of security. We beg therefore to suggest this— Thirdly ; but the mode in whwh this oan be effected we do not feel competent to speak upon, merely expressing the desire thai the seourity should, if possible, be subject to local jurisdic tion, at least to some extent, for the enforcement of penalties. We were informed by the Immigration Agent that under existing contracts the shippers are not responsible for overcrowding and b*d venti lation, the whole blame for such occurrences resting on the Queensland Agent. This ar rangement we beg to suggest— Fourthly, should be radically changed, and the shipper directly responsible—in fact if the Vic torian Act be adopted, he would be indirectly through the master. The functions of tbe Immigration Board are at present by law confined to mere enquiry into complaints. Evidence is taken not by oath, as before a judicial tribunal, but as voluntary as sertions, the truth of which must be gathered from circumstances. We would therefore beg to suggest — Fifthly. That the Board should be invested with tome judicial authority in cases of this kind, and be competent by luminary jurisdiction to inflict fine* where the Queensland Immigra-. tion Regulations have been tinned against. Sixthly. As a guarantee to the German and Scandinavian population of this colony that immigrants of their nationalities shall not be negleoted, we would beg .to suggest that a Ger man colonist become a member of the Immi* gration Board. Seventhly. It was found, notably on board the Alardus, that the blankets and other ship utensils sold to the emigrants in Hamburg were of a wretched quality. We beg to suggest en* quiry into this matter, and an arrangement by the Government with a respectable firm at the shipping port to prevent similar occurrences in future. On no account should a sub-agent be entrusted with a commission of this kind. Eighthly. We have come across several very hard cases where immigrants, having been in formed in Hamburg that German coin readily circulated here, had taken considerable sums in German specie to this colony, and here suffered severe loss in exchange. We would suggest that the Government make some arrangement with a local bank for the purchaee of such coin from immigrants at the lowest possible rate. Placards in large type should be hung up in the Immi gration-office, indicating where exchange can be effected. As a preventive measure, similar placards in the Shipping-office in Hamburg should inform emigrants that British coin only is current here. In conclusion, we beg to state that we have received the heartiest co-operation from tho German and Scandinavian population of Queensland, and enclose a report in the German and Danish languages, circulated by us through out the colony. While expressing our hope for a speedy amendment of the grievances now accompanying the Continental immigration, we must draw attention to the proportion of pascengers (348) to the tonnage (810) of the Alardus, and regret to find this proportion not improved in the ships now on the way from Hamburg. The Eugene, 697 tons, carries 323, and the Humboldt, 762 tons, 382 passengers. These ships left in Ju c last, about two months after the overcrowding and bad state of the Alardus was known here.—We have the honor to be, Sir, your most humble and obedient servants, For the Committee, H. RuTHVnrct. 