SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. Parliament IB still in session, and some of the most important measures promisod m tho Vico regal speech havo, so far, boon satisfactorily dealt with The longth of tho session will, in a very groat degree, depend upon tho manner in which tho Legislati .0 Council deals with tho EIoc toral Act Amendment Bill, which, to day, will bo presented to them for its first reading This measure, w-wli, either for good or evil, must hc-o a great mfluonco upon tho futuro ol tho colony, and which, to Bomo extent, alters its constitution, passed the Legislativo Assombly on the 7th mst Tho bill as introduced was given in a provious Summary, and its provisions havo sinco been commented on Tho measure as finally agreed to by tho Assembly does not greatly diflbr from tho form in which it was first presented The principle of dual voting, which, it nul be remembered, was only proposod to a .ery limited extent, has been altogether struck out, and tho only concession mado to tho holders of proporty ia that whoro they aro rated for two or more doctoral districts thoy may, whon tho rolls aro being mado up, eloct for which district they will record thoir voto In fact, so far as possible, tho principle has been cimed out that ovory man shall havo a vote, and that no one shall havo more Some speculation ia indulged in as to how the Upper House will deal with this bill By somo it is anticipated that it nill insist upon tho insertion of tho property qualification as it before e _ isted, by virtuo of which a man was entitled to voto for evory district m which he was a ratepayer, whilst by others it is thought that tho Legisla tue Council will allow tho Assombly to deal with the amendment of its-tho As sombly s-own constitution as it pleases, reserving all its strength to oppose any objectionable provision which may be coïit tmed m the measure dealing with its own reform, and which is about to bo initiated In our last Sum mary it was stated that the Legisla tivo Assombly, by a m_,ior_ty of 3o to 33, liad resol\ td to extend the franchise to female ratepayers This decision, how over, appears to ha. e been only tho freak of a moment In a succeeding clause hon members refused to make an amend nient giving eflect to it, and subsequently a motion by Mr Higinbotham, extend mg the franchise to all women, was negatned by a niajoiity of 40 to 10 A new clause was added to tlie bill, prohibiting any poll ticftl meetings being held at publie houses during elections Should tho measure become law, its action will no doubt bo watched with anxiety and cunosity, both hero and m the mothor country How a schomo which provides for equal electoral districts, with one member to each for all tho elections takmg place on one day, which abolishes all proporty votes, and prohibits all political meetings taking placo at public houses during the elections, will work it IB impossible to say Some see m it the promise of better things , others tho nth ent of mero local representation, and the subordination of all national questions to such aa should only bo considered m a parish \ ostry or at a borough council meeting Our last Summary contamod an account of the Treasurer s financial statement I\o amendment waa mo\od on it, and after a brief and unimportant debato the formal motion with which the stato mont closed was agreed to Before the session closes, however, thero will bo a dob ite upon the proposition of tho Troa sincr annually to decrease and finally to abolish the subsidy now being paid to shire councils By the existing law tlus subsidy which amounts to £100,000 pel subsidy, which amounts to £100,000 per annum, terminates tliis year, and in older that the assistance from the public purse might not bo too suddenly with- drawn, Mr. Langton proposes to reduce it by one-fifth every year for tho next five years, thus gradually extinguishing it. This, however, does not meet tho view of some of the local bodies, who have initiated an agitation with tho view of having the subsidy maintained in its integrity. It does not appear probable that a Mining on Privato Property Bill will be passed during the present session. It lull be remembered that such a measure TOB passed by the Legislative Assembly last session, but was rejected by the Council. One of the objections then taken to tho measure was that the regu- lations under the bill were not contained in it, but wero to be framed by the Go- vernor in Council. The measure passed this session contained in it the regula- tions, and thus this difficulty was ob- viated. The Legislative Council, however, still refused to accept it, and remitted it to a select committee. The report of this committee has not been officially pre- sented, but it is known to be adverse to all the leading principles of the measure, to recommend the giving to tho owners of land that which thoy do not now pos- sess-the right to the gold in it, and to permit mining upon alienated auriferous ground only upon the most impracticable terms. _ Two measures of law reform havo beon introduced by tho Attorney-General. They aro of a very comprehensive character, and are fully explained else- where. There is, however, some doubt as to whether either will becomo law this session. Many members aro inclined to postpone all action in this matter until the receipt of copies of the measures dealing with similar subjects recently before the Imperial Legislature, and others aro of opinion that the matter should bo left for tho consideration of the new Parliament. Nothing further has boon dono with regard to postal communication between the colonies and Great Britain. Of course the Galle route has been definitely settled, victoria has taken charge of that. The questions now agitating the public mind are, what is to be dono with regard to the »an Francisco route, and what is to bo done towards assisting to establish a line na the Capo of Good Hope? The Colonial secretary of Now South Wales has offered to convey the letters from all the Aus- tralian colonies via San Francisco for ? . »«penny postage, without any subsidy at all ; but at present it » anything but certain that he will o? successful in establishing a ser «ce which can do the work on the terms wa in the time which he proposes. Vic toria ia still in commnication with Now Zealand, and in aLprobability a definite arrangement with 3gard to a San Fran- cisco service, to a gaat extent alternating with tho Victorian Jallo service, will in a very short time bo rrivod at between tho two colonies. Noting will bo dono with regard to tho Capo outo until this matter is settled. SOOAL. Sir Georgo Bowe« commission and in- structions as G oven, r of the colony a. rived by the last mail, and on the 30th ult. Ilis Excellency was awffii in. The ceremony, which was a purely formal one, took place n the Executive Council chamber, in the presence of the Chief Secretary, and other members of th. Mnistry. The commission was almost idetticil with that under which His Excellcncyhad acted aa administrator of the Governrcent. On the evening of the same day the bill given by ilis Excellency and Lady Bowen in honour of Her Majesty'a birthday, whiehhad been unavoidably post- poned from the date originally fixed, was given in the Exhibition-building. The guests numbered about 1,500, and tho ball was very generally enjoyed. Public men of all classes were present, and the up-country districts wero fairly represented. An approaching event of considerable social importance is the fancy ball which tho mayor of Melbourne, Sir. Thos. O'Grady, intends to give ul the Tutm-hall on Wednesday, August 27\. Somothing Uko 1,800 invitations have been issued, and the appearance presented by the shop windows of the fashionable milliners and tailors shows that preparations for tho festivities are not being mado on a small scale. Fancy balls have peculiar charms for Melbourne people, and recollections of the splendid entertainments of this kind which were given during tho visita of the Duke of Edinburgh to the colony cause the approach- ing event to be looked forward to with very pleasing anticipations. According to a statement made in tho Le- gislative Assembly by the Minister of Lands -who represented the Minister of Public Works-there is every probability that the Alfred Graving Dock will be ready to receive ships by the end of the year. It is thought, however, that the department has taken a slightly too sanguine view of the matter, and that the opening of the dock will not take place quite so early aa proposed. The second section of the North-Eastcrn Eailway will be opened to the end- Benalla next Monday. It is pos8ible that the event may be celebrated by a ball or dinner, given by the ahire council; but the Government intend to postpone all ceremony until the completion of the whole line, when there will be a grand opening. The third and last aection, it is calculated, will be finished within the first lOdayaof November, and the Commissioner of Railways proposes to open the line right through to Wodonga, the terminus, during that month. In pursuance of the recent statute for the creation of a Faculty of Law, the Council of the University of Melbourne baa appointed Professor Ileani dean of the faculty, and that gentleman has consequently resigned the professorship of history and political economy. The branches of law in wliich Dr. Hearn will in future lecture are jurispru- dence, Roman law, and public law. The last named subject is understood to include both constitutional and international law. The Faculty of Law will meet at an early date for the consideration of the necessary changas in the course of legal studies. Dr. Hearn has been re-elected by the senate as warden of the university for the ensuing year. The subject of immigration ia being kept before the public and the Legislature. It was mentioned last month that several of the local bodies had petitioned the_ Legisla- tive Assembly in favour of assisted immigra- tion, on the ground that the scarcity of labour seriously interfered with the operations of the farmers, and the Wyndham Shire Council has now addressed the Assembly on the sub- ject in still stronger terms. The petitioners point out that farmers cannot obtain any class of labour except at ruinous rates, and that in conaequenco many have been com- pelled to give up cultivating their lands altogether. They state that a circular on the subject of assisted immigration was recently addressed to 108 shire councils and district road boards in the colony, from whom 49 favourable replies have been re- ceived. In only five instances baa a negative ceivcd. In only five instances has a negative reply been given, while 54 answers havo yet to be leceivetl. Facts like these show what an excellent field the colony presents for the surplus labour of tho mother country. The late lamentable disaster at the Heads to the pilot schooner Rip, the paiticulars of which wero tiansmitted by the last mail, baa excited the sympathy of the community in a, marked degree, and liberal contributions have been made for the relief of the families of Pilot Mackenzie, and Wells, the steward. A public meeting called by the mayor, was held in the Melbourno Town- hall, and the sum of £730 waa subscribed on the spot. A committee was appointed to canvass for aub scriptions, and up to the present time the sum of £2,_!8G has been collected. In addi- tion to these subscriptions over £1,000 has been sent in various amounts to the editor of The Argus, and contributions havo been col- lected at Geelong, Queenscliff, and elsewhere, which will bring up the total to not far shoit of £1,000. The amount transmitted from Gee- long on account is £285. An inquiry which was held by the Pilot Board showed that the catastrophe had not happened from the care- lessness or inefficiency of the pilots or crew, but that all on board had behaved with admirable coolness and intrepidity. The seaman James Marr or Maher, who was the first washed overboard, gave up his only chance of life with a devotion and self sacrifice that did honour to his calling. Ho was clinging to the mainmast, which was carried away by the same sea which swept him out of the schooner, but when ho saw that the wreck hampered the vessel ho motioned to his mates to cut the mast adrift. His comrades bade him good-bye, ho nodded his farewell, and the wreck having been cut away, he was seen no moie. A memorial stone is to be placed in the Melbourne Sailors' Home in commemoration of the death of this gallant fellow. The Pilot Board, after formally recording their finding, that the occurrence was accidental, and arose from circumstances over which the pilots had no control, expressed their deep sympathy with the bereaved widows and children, and recorded their approval of the conduct of the pilots. The sad affair has drawn attention to the fact that our pilot service is scarcely strong enough for the wants of the port, and has shown the necessity for some better provision being made at Queens- cliff than the lifeboats at present in use. Another melancholy case, in which loss of life has occurred, would, but for the more shocking fatality at the Heads, have power- fully excited the compassion of the public. Three weeks or a month ago, a small schooner, the Cousins, Captain Irving, left Dromana with a cargo of firewood for Mel- bourne, two young lads being on board with him. The trip should have been made in one or two days, but nothing has been seen or heard of schooner, captain, or boys since. Captain Irving was one of the oldest and most experienced captains in the port. He leaves behind him a widow in distressed circumstances and two young children. An appeal has been made to the public in this case, and has met with some response. Another phase in the dispute known as the "Stawell jumping cases," in which there is litigation proceeding as to the title to some valuable mining claims, has occurred. Tho "jumpers," i.e., the persons who havo claimed the ground under a decree of the Court of Mines, made on the ground that the claim holders had not worked the mino as re- quired by the mining bye-laws, have been put in possession of the claim known as No. 4 Scotchman's by the acting warden, Mr. A. Wyatt. There waa much local excitement on the occasion, and the claimholders had to be forcibly removed by the police before the formality of putting in the transfer pegs could be completed. The representatives of the jumpers were hooted and pelted with quartz by the Stawell miners, but no Berious dis- turbance occurred. The jumpers subse- quently attempted to work the grounu, but were driven off by the friends of the claim holders. The Minister of Mines haa been asked to grant a lease of the No. 4 Scotch- man's to the claimholders, and the matter has been referred to the Crown law officers for their opinion. Mr, Mackenzie, the Government coal viewer of New South Walea, has finished his examination of the coal scams of this colony, and he has sent in his report to the Govern- ment. It has not yet been publiahed, but it ia generally understood that the report is not of a favourable nature. After Mr. Mac- kenzie had finished his investigations, the discovery waB announced of a coal seam Oft. thick, near the Tarwin River, in Gipps Land. The coal ia pronounced to be of good quality, and burna well, but tho actual value of the discovery has not yet been ascer- tained. The annual conversazione of the Royal Society of Victoria was held last Friday even- ing, and was largely attended. His Excel- lency the Governor was present. The address of the president (Mr. R. L. J. Ellery) described briefly the operations of the year, and referred to the progress which had been made in the science of meteorology. The transit of Venue was also referred to by Mr. Ellery as the event of the coming year, and an account was given of the steps which had been taken to observe it. The audience were then entertained with some experiments in chemistry and electricity by Mr. Foord and Professor Wilson. Mr. Ellery afforded some amusement with the mono-chromatic light, which, by means of a simple apparatus, changed the colour of the gas, and wrought the most ghastly effects upon the counte- nances of all who came within range. . A most interesting experiment for the purpose of testing tho keeping qualities of colonial wine has just been brought to a highly successful conclusion by Mr. J. T. Fallon, the well-known vigneron of Albury. In March, 1870, Mr. Fallon sent a shipment of his -wine, vintage 1860, to England, with instructions to his agents there to atore it for three years, during which timo it was not to be interfered with in any way, except by filling-up and coopering, and at the end of that time the winea were to be sent back again. The parcel, which consisted of three hogsheads each of carbinet and Bhiraz and two hogsheada each of muscat and rieBling, arrived in Melbourne a Bhorl time ago by tho ship Calcutta. This wine has been tasted by some of the beat judges in Melbourne, and the unanimous decision was that the samples wero equal, if not superior, to anything over produced in Australia. The winea were sampled twice or thrice in England, and wero so much ad- mired that many persons wished to purchase them, but Mr. 1 allon determined that the test should be carried out thoroughly, and the result has realised his best expectations. The red wines are remarkably fino ; the carbinet is considered to be fully equal to the finest port wine in an unadulterated state. The shiraz is also a very fine wine, while the muscat and riesling are pronounced to be splendid specimens of those wines. Mr, Fallon is now in London, where he intends to establish a depot for the salo of his wines. Information has been received from Mr. D. Ploos Van AmBtel, vice-consul- general of the Netherlands, that the Dutch Government has altered the Netherlands-Indian tariff in a most liberal sense. All differential import and export duties have been removed from the tariff. The import duties have been re- duced, with a few exceptions, to G per cent, of the value of the articles imported ; and the export duties on indigo, coffee, sugar, and tin have been considerably lowered. The new tariff is to take effect on the 1st of January, 1874. A valuable piece of city property has boen sold by public auction by Messrs. C. J. and T. Ham, and like all the other properties which havo been similarly disposed of re- cently, it brought a large price. The property in question was Mr. W. DegraveB's flour-mill and stores in Flinders-street. The land ex- tends from Flinders-street, to which it has a frontage of 132ft., to Flinders-lane, to which it has the same frontage, being very little abort of an acre. The buildinga consist of short of an acre The buildings consist ot the flour mill and a bluestone storo in riindprs street and a brick store in Flinders lane Nearly all the capitalist"! in the city attended the sale and the biddings were very spirited The sale was started at £30,000 and ultimately the property waa secured by Mr Monckton Synott, of Geelong, for the sum of £42 250 At a meeting recently held in the hall of the Royal Society, Mr R.L J. Ellery in the chair it was resolved to form a society to be called "The -Microscopical Society of Vic toria ' It was agreed, on the motion of Mr Sydney Gibbons, seconded by Mr Archer, "That the society be composed of experi- enced observers who shall bo called mem- bers, and amateurs and students to bo deno- minated associates ' On the motion of Mr Gemmell, the following gentleman were ap pointed a provisional committeo to draw up rules and submit them for approval at a fur- ther meeting to bo held on tho 29th mat - Mr Ellery (chairman) Drs Wigg and Robert son and Messrs Archer, Ralph, and S Gibbons The board appointed to report upon the distress signal rockets invented by Mr Johnson, for use at sea, havo not been able to come to any conclusion as to ita merits, the experiments which havo at pro sent been made not having furnished a sufficient test The fusea, however, havo been satisfactorily proved to be very sensi- tive Major Couchman mentioned that some fuses which had been submerged for a con- siderable time exploded in a sitisftctory manner when tested, notwithstanding that the water had got into the cases It was íesohed that the exhaustive e\ periments made on the fuses were perfectly satisfactory , that the fuses had been pro\ ed to be equal to those sent out from Woolwich, and to have suffered no deteriora tion from being kept for three years It was decided to entrust 12 signal rocketB vuth red stars and an equal number of red Hash lights to Captain Panter, who is to keep them for six months when they will bo tested Upon the suggestion of Captain M Gowan, it was docided that 12 rockets should be issued for trial on board the inter- colonial [steamers when off Cape Schanck, Wilson s Promontory, and Cape Otw ay The Victorian branch of the Anglo Jewish Association, established in Melbourne a month or two ago, has obtained many fresh membeis and a systematic effott IB being made to obtain, from all parts of the colony, contributions in aid of the distressed lews in Tel Bia A petition to the Shah has been adopted m which the petitioners beg His Majesty to take into Ina serious considera tion the sufferings and misfoi tunes of the Jews residing in the Persian empire, and grant them the immunities of which they ire deprived, but which are enjoyed by all His Majesty s other subjects Representatives of the various friendly societies hav e met together and determined to hold an annual conference of all the societies on matters of common interest Delegates from the following orders were present -Manchester Unity, 1 oresters, Re chabites, Tree Gardeners St Andrews Independent Older of Oddfellows Grand United Order of Oddfellows Hibernian Aus traban Catholic Benefit Society, and the Druids A committee waa appointed to pre pare resolutions to bo submitted to a futuro meeting, to carry out the object of the con ference An attempt which was very nearly proving successful, has been made to burn down what is known aa the El Dorado block of buildings, constituting about one third of the township of Alexandra At about 10 o'clock one night, fire broke out almost simultaneously in the El Dorado notol and m the offices of Mr Emerson, sohcitoi Assistance having been promptly obtained, the fire was put out before much damage had been done Numbers of wooden matches, some of which had been ignited, wero after- wards discovered lying about both the pre- mises, indicating that the same agency had lir-pri at work in both cases Next day Mr been at work in both cases. Next day Mr. Cronin, whose storo is situated on the same block of buildings, found that on the same occasion another attempt had been mado to set fire to a house adjoining his premises, belonging to Mr. George Whiting. A quantity of paper had been set on fire and thrown in through a broken pane of glass, but it fortu- nately fell amongst a quantity of maize, and did no hann. Alongside of the window more matches of the Bamo description as those used at the other places were found, partially burnt. Naturally enough, the affair caused much excitement in the town. A public meeting was called by tho president of the shire, and a private inquiry was held by three of the local justices. One witness, a lad of about 16 years of age, made some contradictory statements, out of which the police have obtained some evidence, the nature of which has not been disclosed. A similar ' attempt was made on a former occasion to burn down the same block of buildings. A terrible accident with machinery has happened at Dixon's flour nullt Wangaratta, to a man named Thomas White The fly- wheel caught the deceased's clothing, and he had only time to call out to tho engineer. "I'm gone, Tom," when he waa carried through the floor and killed instantly. Ins head and right shoulder being completely crushed The Hy-wheel only made half a turn before it waa stopped A coroner's jury found that the deceased waa accidentally killed. An important discovery of fosail reinama has been made at Gowrie Creek, Queens land They are described by the Darling Downs Gazelle as consisting of the head, fore leg, and foot bones of an extinct apcciea of gigantic mammalian animal, named by Pro- fessor Owen, in 1844, Diprolodon Australis. Many remains of this animal have been dis co\ered m various parts of the Darling Downs district, and particularly at Kings Creek and Gowrie From these fossils Pro- fessor Owen baa from time to time been enabled to proceed with the construction of a complete skeleton, but for many years past he has been unable to procuro the loot bones now brought to light at Gowrie He is in- debted to Mr G. B King and a Toowoomba gentleman for the latter discovery The whole aeries will be sent home by the next mail The manufacturo of oilcloth has recently been established in Melbourne with favour- able piospecta of success The manufacture was commenced by the Melbourne Floor- cloth Company between three and four years ago, but, owing to unavoidable delaya, it is only within the last few days that any of their goods ba\o been placed on tho market. The goods are considered by persons in the trade to be equal to the best production of home manufacturo Tho works aro situated near Northcote, and their producing powers aro stated to bo equal to the manufacture of 200 square yards pei week. The cloth can be sold at a price equal to that paid for the imported article m England. Amongst the deaths which have occurred this month is that of Mr John Lamont, bar- rister, of Wangaratta. He had reached the ripe age of 68 years, and was a native of Dumfriesshire, Scotland. He studied for the bar in the city of Edinburgh, but did not prosecute his profession in the mother country. He arrived in this colony about 20 years ago, and began business in Melbourne, being the owner of several large bonded stores in Flinders lane. Having met with some reverses of fortune, he began the prac- tice of his profession, and was very success- ful. A sad mining accident has occurred m the Blucher's Reef mine, Maryborough A miner named Langie was working in one of tlic old dm es, when suddenly the top of the dm e gave way, and the falling débris par- tially covered him On assistance arming, it was found that the poor fellow s head and the lower part of his legs were free, and that he was able to speak to his mates They at once proceeded to do all m their powei to ex tucate him from his awkward position, and steps were taken to clear aw ay the dirt, but as fast as it was taken away fresh earth fell, and filled up the breach About b o'clock (the accident took place about _) Langte, seeing there was no hope said to his wo "Id be rescuers, "Give my farewell to my wife and clnldien , I'm going to die " Tbia waa the last heard or seen of lum, forahoitly afterwards a large fall of earth came down, completely covering lum A shocking tragedy haa been enacted at Noith Melbourne Elizabeth Shannon, a married woman, w ho had been living for 8omo yeara with a man named Hopkins, poisoned herfourchildren with laudanum one nightand then cut her throat The eldeat son waa a legitimate child, but Hopkins waa the father of the others, and it would seem that the wretched woman was impelled to tho com- mission of the crime by tho dread that her husband was about to return from a distant part of the country, where he had been living for many years The woman was so deter- mined to kill her children that she gave them overdoses of the poison, which proved tho overdoses of the poison, which proved the safety of three of them, the youngest, an in- fant of l8 months, being the only one to die. The woman herself was severely injured, and was at the point of doath for many days. She is now recovering, and will presently havo to take her trial for the murder of her offspring. A horrible case of infanticide has occurrod at Eaglehawk, Bendigo. Early one morning the mangled remains of an infant wero dis covered m a pigsty at Buckley'a Hotel. The body had been partly devoured by tho pigs, the only portions remaining being the head and neck and a portion of tho backbone. It was at first thought that tho child had been bom dead, and .thrown to the pigs as tho quickest way of getting rid of the body ; but the investigations of medical men proved that the child had, in all piobability, boen born alive, that its skull had been ahattered by violent blows, and that the body had been cut up before being cast to the pigs. There were unmistakable marka of a knife, show ing that the throat had been cut, and the arms lopped off at the Bhoulder joints. A young woman, named Bridget Macartney, who was a domestic servant in the hotel, has been committed for trial on a charge of murder. She is supposed, however, to havo had assistance in making away with the re- mains of the child. A gross case of bieach of trust has lately been before the courts. A man named -Michael Jacobs died at Sandhurst, leaving property to the value of over £3,000, and ap- pointing two men named Issachor V. Smart and Charlea Phillips as executors of his will. The executorB, however, instead of dis- charging their trust properly and applying the money for the benefit of Jacobs's family, squandered it in speculations for their own benefit. Attention was drawn to their con- duct through the police finding it necessary to arrest one of Jacobs's children for being a deserted child. The result was a prosecu- tion of Smart and Phillips by the Crown for breach of trust. The prisoners wero con victed, and were sent to gaol for three yeai s. POLITICAL. Considerable progress has been made during the month with the business of the session. The Electoral Bill, after protracted discussions in committee, has at length passed the Assembly, substantially in the form in which it was submitted, and has been forwarded to the Upper House. Two bills making important reforms in the legal system hitherto in force in this colony have been brought in, and othor Government measures, including an Amending Land Bill, and Fencing and Impounding Bills, aro promised. There are no indications appa- rent of an early closing of the session. LAW nBronsr. In his opening speech to Parliament the Governor stated that measures of law reform -reducing into one system the administra- tion of law and equity, simplifying procedure, and extending tho jurisdiction of magis- trates-whereby a simple, inexpensive, and speedy remedy would be afforded in a large class of cases, would bo introduced during the session. The Government havo fulfilled this promise by introducing, on July 17, a bill to amend the law relating to justices of the peace, and to extend the jurisdiction of police magistrates in civil cases, and a bill to consolidate the various jurisdictions of the Supreme Court, and for other purposes re- lating to the better administration of justice in Victoiia. The Solicitor-General, who had charge of the first-named bill, explained its provisions at considerable length. He stated that it proposed to abolish the existing Court of General Sessions, and to continue the Court of Petty Sessions under the name of the "Magistrates' Court." Courts of petty sessions, many of which wero presided over by police magistrates, wero held last year in 181 places, and they ad- judicated upon 78,500 cases. It was thought that, in view of the very large powers already conferred upon police magistrates, that it would be perfectly safo to intrust them with a great deal of the work at present performed by the county courts. It was, therefore, proposed to confer upon police magistrates a jurisdiction up to £50, in all actions which are now adjudicated upon in the County Court. Statistics showed that last year there were 10,791 cases heard in the county courts, and 10,254 of these were under £50, leaving only 537 cases above £50. If the reform suggested were accepted, instead of persons in outlying districts having to wait four or five months, they would have a police magistrate every week to adjudicate upon all civil claims that might be brought before him not exceeding £50 in amount As it was necessary to insure a high standard of persons to administer the law, the bill provided that all futuie pohco magistrates should be barristers at-law, or attorneys at law, trained men, able to weigh evidenco and to interpret the law. Another change proposed was the abolition of coroners juries It waa intended that the coroner should sit aa he did now-that he should take the evidence and find the verdict, which should have the same effect as if it wore found by a jury Pohco magistrates, too, would be ex oßcio coroners, and wherever they could sit would have to hold inquests In outlying districts it would still bo neces- sary to have deputy coroners, and to pty them by feca Various other reforms of a minor character wero contained m the bill, which, after some little discussion, was brought in and read a first time It will bo proceeded with to night The Attorney-General explained tho second half of the Government scheme of reform when introducing his Administration of Justice Bill Ho stated that the bill ex- tending the jurisdiction of pohco magistrates would, if earned, practically have the effect of transferring the bulk of the business of county courts to tho magistrates' courts The measure under his charge went still further, for it proposed to transfer tho remainder of tho County Court and Court of Mines business to the Supremo Court One of the chief obstacles to law reform in England was the difficulty of securing the fusion of the two systems of law and equity. Here the Supreme Court was a court of both I law and equity, so that the chief thing to bo done was to simplify |procedure But fora too slavish adherence to old-world precedents and modes of procedure, the mere fictitious distinctions between the administration of law and equity would havo been long ago abolished m this colony. In his attempts to do this he admitted he had derived much assistance from the bill introduced into the House of Lords by Lord Sol borne Ho had, in fact, endeavoured to re- duce it to the level of the colonial system In one or two particular instances he had taken a great stnde m advance of it, and ho was mainly enabled to do so because there was hero only one set of judges, men of great ability and experience, competent to ad- minister both law and equity As the Su- preme Court possessed all the various juris dictions of Uio courts at home, it was un- necessary to confer any extra jurisdiction upon it, but simply to enable it to exerciso the jurisdiction w Inch ltpossessed without any unnecessary distinctions between law and equity There were very few coses in which there was any essential distinction between law and equity-legal ownership benetiual ownership, and so forth When ho spoke of the ftiBion of law and equity, ho meant the harmonising of nnd making identical the proceduro m the two, so that there Bhould be no such nonsense as that of one Court controlling another The chief thing which it was necessary to do was to give each court jurisdiction both in law and equity, and to enable each to administer both With the magistrates courts, and tho Supreme Court, there would bo no loom for thqjCounty Court It was better to havo one set of courts where the best judges could sit, than to have a miserably divided juris diction of Supreme Courtaud County Court as at present The County Court had had a great advantage hitherto, owing to its procedure being less complicated than that of the Supreme Court, but if a cheap rapid and simple procedure were given to the Supreme Court, that court ought to be a favourite court for suitors,,for the reason that it was m the hands of experienced and able men As it waB proposed to abolish the courts of general sessions, the whole of the criminal cases, except those disposed of by summary conviction, would hav o to be tried by the Supreme Court judges In addition to the work thrown upon the Supreme Court by the transfer of the higher scale of County Court jurisdiction and the whole of the criminal work of the country, au increase of civil business might be expected in conséquence of the simplification of procedure It would be necessary, therefore, to increase the num- ber of the Supremo Court judges by throe, each to receive £3,000 a year, and to dispenso altogether with the services of nine County Court judges, who receive £1.500 a year each An additional number of police magistrates would also have to be created, but Btill ho believed that it would be found economical to consolidate the courts In regard to the fusion of law and equity, he had followed to a great extent the Buggestiona, and indeed tho language, with such adaptations as wero neceSBary m viewof the position and tribunals of the colony, of Lord Selborne's bul The provisions might appear at first 8ight a little complicated, but it would be founo: that they complicated, but it would be foun required tho Supreme Court to recognise equitable rights and equitable defences, that it should administer law and equity in all cases as between the plaintiff and the de- fendant, and that it should endeavour to do justice to all men. Tho privilege and duty of legislating as to their own rules was cast upon the judges. Tho procedure embodied in the measure was foupded yen' much on the County Court practice. It abolished everything known as pleadings in the old sense of the term. The law relating to juries was not interfered with, but provision was made for the appointment of official referees -merchants, accountants, builders, &c;, to whom mattera might bo referred for repoit, and upon reception of the report the judge would decide. That would, no doubt, be found a good practical aubstitute in many caaes for trial by jury. It was desired to spread the Supreme Court over the whole colony, so that everybody might make use of it as much as possible at his own door. There would bo two sorts of courts-circuit courts and central courts. The central courts, being where several judges sit to- gether, would be held at first only in Mel- bourne, and the country business would bo dealt with chiefly by means of circuit courts, which would be held as often ~s circum- stances demanded. The judges would have to travel about aa business arose in any part of the country where there waa a district registrar of the Supreme Court. Appeals would be heard by any three of the judges save the one from whom the appeal came. Appeals from the magistrates' courts, liko those now heard before the Courts of Ge- neral Sessions, would be to the judges on circuit; but all other appeals would go to the court sitting in its general jurisdiction. By this plan one homogeneous tribunal would lie formed, and the extraordinary system of cross- jurisdictions in the matter of appeals which now existed would be avoided. Mr. Higinbotbam described the change proposed to be made in the legal aystem of tho colony asvasterinimportance than any change which had ever been suggcated in tnat system be- fore. Tho proposed fusion of law and oquity would, ho believed, be attended by many beneficial effects to all auitors. He was afraid, however, that the effect of largely in crcaBing the number of Supremo Court judges might have a tendency to increase tho probability of having something like a judicial caate in this country, and might pos- sibly tend to increaso tho danger which he thought constantly existed, and on the verge of which we wero constantly standing-not only in this country, but also in England the danger of a collision between the judges and the Parliament or the Government. Sir C. G. Duffy doubted whether the chango pro- posed would bo one to bring home either effectively or economically, law to the out- lying districts of the colony. After somo little discussion the bill was read a first time. Its second reading will be moved to- night. THE NEW ELEOTORA-i DILL. This bill baa engaged the attention of tho Assembly during the greater part of the month, but it passed ita final stages on August 7, and has been ordered to be for- warded to the Legislative Council. Tho main principles of the bill wero verygcnorally approved of, and consequently the altera-, tions made in committeo were not numerous. The proposition that there should bo 90 single electorates waa carried by a largo ma- jority. In spite of a good deal of opposition, it was decided to use the ratepayers rolls in tho preparation of the general rolls, and to i keep the electoral rights in the custody of tho ¡ electoral registrars. The hours of polling were extended, and, instead of being from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., will be from 8 a.m. to ß p.m. No elector is to vote more than once at an election, under a penalty of £50, or threo months' imprisonment. Persons residing in two different electorates, or residing in one and carrying on business in another, are to have the right to chooso for which district they will be registered and vote The latter part of the proposal invoked the strenuous opposition of Mr Higinbotham, who saw in it an attempt to give undue privileges to pro pcrty, but the equity of the provision recom- mended it to a great majority of members, and it was carried A proposal to give the suffrage to members of the police force was negatived The Assembly, after de udmg that female ratepayers were to havo tho rifcht to vote, refused to allow their names to bo placed on the ratepayers' roll Subsequently Mr Uigmbotham submitted a proposal similar in us nature, but of a larger kind, by moving that tho right of voting should be conferred upon all females, and not merely upon female ratepayers He con- tended that political hfo all o\er the world w as not in a satisfactory state that it waa re- trograding rather than otherwise, and ho thought tlie introduction of the fomalo elo ment would have ahumaniBing and elevating effect After a short debate the motion was negatived by a majority of 40 to 10. Anew clause prohibiting political meetings being held at pubbc houses during elections was agreed to by a largo majority The schedule defining tho boundaries of tho proposed elec- toral districts Vi as passed without alteration It is the intention of the Government to day to move for leave to introduce into tho Upper nouse a bill to amend the Constitution Act, m order to increase the number of members and provinces and to reduce tho qualifica- tions for electors and members of tho Legis- lative CouncU SAVINGS DVNKS BILL A bill to amalgamate the old savings banks -which were originated under legialation passed by the colony of Now South Wales many years before Victoria aeparated from her-with those established m 18C5 in con- nexion with the Post office has been intro- duced by the Treasurer into the Legislativo Asaembly Thero aro m all 11 general savings banks and 130 post oflico savings banks The total balance to tho credit of 22,621 depositors m tho general savings bankB is now £802,307, while in tho post office banks the sum of ¿560 503 stands to the credit of 30,128 depositors During 1872 the increase m the amount of depositors' balances in the general savings banka was £.8 071 or at the rate of 12 per cont, but during tho same jear the increaao in tho amount of depositois balances m tho post oflitc bunks waa £189 005 or 53 per cent, Mr Langton when introducing the bill, ex- plained that m 1853 the savings banks and tho deposits m them wore transferred from the persons in w horn they wero then vested to the present commissioners and it was now only proposed to make a similar transfer to another oflicer appointed by tho Govern- ment and to incorporate the old savings banks with the new post oflice banks An- swering some of the objections which bad been urged to the scheme, he contended that a maximum late of interest at 3 pel cont. at the present time was relatively a far higher one than was 4 per cent m 1865, when the consolidating act w as pnssod Tho accumu- lated profits in the hands of tho old savings banka amounted to £37,000, excluding tho increase m the valuo of the debentures held by them with winch neithor tho commissioners noi the depositors had any- thing to do as the increase was solely duo to the progresa of the colony The 4 per cent interest winch lind lately been allow ed to depositors m the old banks had been paid, not out of the profits on their deposits but out of the profita which had previously accu mutated These profits did not belong to the present roll of depositors for out of the 22 000 the present number only somo 4 000 dated back pnor to 1869 Tho expenso of opening branches of the old aav inga banka was so great that as far as he was aware no new branch had been opened smco 1853 If the old savings banks weio carried on the rate of interest would have to bo reduced as had been the case m the post office savings banks Another fact to be taken into con- sideration waa that the post office savings banks were and could be conducted much more economically than the rival institu- tions The bill to bo introduced provided for the transfer of tho whole of the real estate of the banks to the Board of Land and Works, as the land was in tho first in- stance granted by the Government, and tho personal proporty would bo vested in tho Treasurer for tho time being Such officers as w ere necessary would bo taken over by the Government, and those whose services w ere not required would be compensated on the basis of their length of servico with 10 jears added Whatever actual prout was made upon the transactions m tho now banks as w eli as the profits already mado, banks as well as the profits already mado, w ould go to tho reduction of the public debt of the colony Mr Berry, tho late Treasurer, contended that the proposed change had been initiated in order that the Government mifcht invest the accumulated savings of tho country in the new Government stock, and thus enable the Treasurer to mako a success of Ins loan, which hitherto had boen a failuic Hie bill was read a first time THE MINING ON H1IVATE IROPEUTÏ DILI, The select committee of tho Legislativo Council to whom the Mining on Pnvato Property Bill has been referred aro reported tn haig rescl.ciï upon certain principies upon w Inch m their opinion the bill should be based Tho first and leading punciple to which they have agreed is that tho state should rcBume by purchase any pnv ato pro perty required for mining purposes By tins means there would be no dnect dealing between the freeholder and tho minci but the state would become tho mediator to which each party would have to look 1 hey fui thor propose that the owner Bhallhave the option of himself mining on his own property, and that he shall be able to exerciso this right w lthm three months after any application to mino on his land has been lodged Another proposal is, that if the state Beck to resume any land supposed to he auriferous, tho owner may require that the whole of the property upon w Inch such auriferous land is situate shall bo likewise resumed Tho manner in which such a provision mi¡,ht bo abused byan owner requiring two or three thousand acres of land to bo purchased when only four or five acies wero required for mining was apparent to |tho committee and a suggestion w Inch has not been absolutely agreed to has been mado that a limit should be fixed at CÍO acres The object of tho pro vision is to prevent a few acres of land being taken np on the banks of creeks the water of which w ould bo spoiled by the sludge from mining 1 he committee further propose that the owner shall not give up his land until provision has been made on tho Estimates lo pay him its ascertained value Tho vatua tion of the land will bo made under the Lands Compensation Statute and will bo fixed apart from the probable value of tho riches tho land may contain but as a com- pensation it is proposed that tho owner shall have power to demand doublo the amount fixed aB the valuation or as much less than double as the owner may see fit to require If the state refuse to pay this doublo valua- tion the bargain is off and the ownor may keep his land All existing contracts bo tween owners and miners aro to bo made valid A bill embodying these amendments is being prepared OT-IEIt COVEIINMENT AND OENEIUL BUSINESS AB the Assembly has been almost con- stantly engaged with the Electoral Bill but little progress has been made with other Government measures One or two billa, however, have been sent to the Legislativo Council and havo been dealt with Tho Life Assurance Bill passed the Upper Houso, but several important amendments wero intro- duced, winch havo not yet been considered by the Assembly It was determined to follow the EngliBh act in requiring a deposit from all companies commoncmg hfo assur ance business m Victoria Hie amount was fixed at £5 000, which sum is to bo invested in any Government fund the depositors may wish and the interest thereon ia to be handed -._ »_ »1 - mi " """ , f *",. H ",, "1 ,l,t" WISH, ana tue interest uicrcon is to DO nauucu over to them. This security for their ability to meet their liabilities is to remain in tho banda of tho Treasurer "until the lifo assur- ance fund accumulated out of the premiums shall have amounted to £15,000, whon tho amount so deposited shall bo refunded to tho company." Every company doing business in Victoria is to bo registered, and to possess funds invested in the colony. The ponalty for removing such ftmds after registration has been increased from £100 to £500, in addition to the obligation resting on tho mis- demeanant to mako good tho sum ab- stracted. Provision was also mado where- by, on the deposity of £100 as security for costs, policy-holders representing one fifth [of the total amount assured in Victoria may demand a special audit. Bills fixing what days shall be observed as public holidays and empowering tho Governor m Council to prohibit or restrict the importation of crape vines ond vino cuttings with the view of preventing tho introduction of diseased vines, have been passed The Permissivo Bill, introduced by Mr Casey tho Munster of Lands as a private measure has advanced a stage but has not yet been read a second time Tho Fmplojment of 1 emoles Regulation Bill and the Factories Regulation BiÜ have not been proceeded with, as the Government suggested the propnoty of amalgamating the two mea« sures TUE T03TVL QUE3TI0V Negotiations are still proceeding with tho colonies willing to join Victoria in supporting the Suez mail route with tho view of settling the amount each will havo to contnbntc to. wards the cost of the Bcmce Until tho decision of the New Zealand Government ia known arrangements with South Australia, Tasmania ana AY estern Australia cannot bo completed An offer has been modo to tho Premier of New Zealand relative to tho in- terchange of the advantages offered by a San Francisco via New Zealand and the Suez service which it is believed will bo accepted, the only question at issue being what each colony shall pay for tho accommodation offered by the other Tho Government of New South Wales have concluded a contract for 8ix years for a line of steam mail packeta betw een Sydney and San 1 rancisco to perform the passago in both directions m 000 hours They havo thrown the service open to all the other colonies without asking any subsidy, and offer to carry their letters for tho postage only, at tho rate of Gd for each letter under hair an ounce They hove announced that the only other arrangement necessary on tho part of New Zealand to securo tho full ad Mintages of the service will bo tho employ- ment of a fast steamer between Ivandavau and a Now Zealand port The terms upon which the colonies w no retuse to join with Victoria will bo allowed to transmit letters by tho Suez line aro not yet determined. The Government weio questioned a fow evenings ago m tho Assembly as to whothec they intended to tako. immediate stops to encourago the establishment of monthly steam communication i id the Cope of Good Hope The Chief Secretary replied that as Boon na the decision of the New Zealand Go\ ernmont waa known they would bo prewired to con- sider the subject refctrcd to lins answer wns not considered satisfactory hy soma members of the House and a debate initi- ated bj the lion member for Collingwood (Mr Harker) ensued upon the policy of sub- sidising a Cape route service Mr Harket expressed tho opinion that the proposal to subsidise a line of pou crful steamers to run betw cen 1 nj-land and Australia via the Cape of Good Hope was mcicly an insidious at- tempt to revive the old system of assisted immigration 1 he onlv other lending mem- ber oftho Houso w ho took the same v lew waa Mr lligmbotham Hie great majority of lion membois who spoke expressed them- selves m favour of supportmt, a tood and cfiective mail service but no resolution waa arrived at nor can the debate bo taken aa on} guide to the Gov eminent With regard to the question of îmniigiation Mi 1 rancia stated that if upon that or any other import- ant question the Government desitned to make any alteration in their policj they w ould frankly av ow it and uccept the respon- sibility TEi FOR vriuo MESS vars FROM umorE TEi FOB vniio MESS vors FROM _.unorE A diBcussion took placo m tho Assembly last week ni leference to the advisability of the Government making some provision to Bccure to the general public the advantages offered by the establishment of telegraphic communication between Europe and Aus- tralia Mr Macpherson, the member for Dundas, moved-' 1 1 hat it is desirable that the people of this country should receivo duo and early information of matters of colonial interest and important events m the old world 2 That pro. îaion should bo mado by the state for tho cost of telegraph messages conveying such information Ho contended that if it w ere necessary to subsidise a mail service it was far moro desirable toassiBtm providing telegraphic communication be- tween tho old country and tho colony It waa estimated he said, that a message of 100 words could bo obtained three times a week and posted at the various telegraph offices in tho colonies for the sum of £10,000 a year. Mr Langton on behalf of tho Government, contended that there was no analogy botween the subsidy paid for carrying tho mails and the proposition of the bon member Tho mail service was open equally to every class of the community, whereas obtaining a freo press telegraphic niessago would only uencfifc a particular class If tho Government as- sented to the proposition before the llouso, this colony would have to bear tho wholo cost, and all the othor colonies would parti- cipate in tho advantages Tho Victorian delegates at the late Sydney conference had unsuccessfully endeavoured to mduco tho other colonies to agree to a genoral subsidy, which would havo the effect of reducing the pnce of telegrama to every ono, and there was no reason to hopo for a different result now T he telegraphic superintendents m the three colonies, New bontli Wales, Vic tuna, and South Australia, wcio till of opinion that it would be objectionable foi the Go- vernments of the colonies to undcitnko to supply niessagea to the press 1 ven if tho House refused to assent to the measure tho public would still obtain all íoally important news for the propnetorB of The Argus had dehbeiately stated that although the length of the messages would necessarily bo cur- tailed, all really important events would bo promptly telegraphed Mr Higinbotham argued that the proposition was one simply to subsidise newspaper piopnetora, and to mcicase then pronta The Government did already by advertisements Biibsidise news- paper proprietors to the extent of £5 000 or £6 000 ajear, anil that ungut be saved by turning the Govci nment Gazette into a non political doily paper Sir C G Duffy consi- dered that a government official journal was a portion of a syBtom of despotism which would nevei be tolerated ina free country. Ho could not voto for tho resolutions ns they then wero but the House had voted £3,000 foi telegrama from tho ngont general to the Government and ho behoved that for a very trifling additional expenditure tho Government might obtain for public diatri. bntion telegraphic intelligence of all impor- tant éventa A number of other members addressed themselves to the subject, but as the general tono of the debato was hostile, Mr Macpherson withdrew his motion. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. The principal matter of importance which has been recorded in connexion with tho mining industry during the past month has been the striking of a new roof at Sandhurst in the claim of tho North Old Chum Com- pany, which is situated on the Now Chum and Victoria line of reef. Although tho stone, which was struck towards the omi of last month, waa called a now reef, it waa supposed tobo identical with the Victoria Quartz reef, and as that was ¡known to ho very rich the discovery was considered o£ great value. The new reef was met with at a depth of C20ft. from tho surface, and it took some days to get through it and ascertain its richness. Eventually, it was found to bo 84ft. thick, and coarse gold was seen freely throughout it. The oflect of the discovery was to raise up the shares of the company in a few days from 28s. or 29s. each to 48s. or 50s. The present markot vahío of the claim is about £64,000, and it has been thought by some that such a valuation is rather too high. It is considered, however, that ovor 20,O00oz. of gold, or at least £80,000 value, will bo obtained from the block of stone already proved. That is only one block, and the company aro going to sink again for the same stone, besides wliich in tho upper lev els of their mine they havo large bodies of payablo quartz untouched. It may give some idea of too magnitude of quartz-mming opo. rations in the numerous Sandhurst claims to state that the North Old Chum claim, which has only a small amount of ground in com- parison with many of the other mines, om- , ploys 80 men, and keeps 20 stamphcads con. stantly going. The extra work that will bo afforded in consequonco of tho ro cent discovery will necessitate tho employ, ment of still more men, so that the company , will shortly have little less than 100 hands i busily at work. The finding of the reef ia but another proof of the wonderful richness ' of the Sandhurst district in quartz stone, and ' it has caused more reliance than ever to bo placed by investors in this stocks of the dis- trict. There have also been several 'other , items of encouraging news from Sandhurst, the principal being the excel lentprospects of theRoyal Hustler sebum on the Hustler s Uno of reef, the yields from vvhwh aro very good Since that company commenced crushing about aev en w eeks ago thoy have cleared off liabilities to the extent of £1300 The greater S art of the stone broken during the last few ays waa taken from a body 12ft. across at a depth of 260ft It was almost impos sihlo to seo any gold in tho stone, but though it was at first thought to be poor and barely payable it is not only aun ferous but rich The company are still sinking thoir shaft and when thoy have reached 360ft will opoi out the claim east ?and west it being expected that they will meet with still better prospects at that depth The yield of the company for the la .t fort night was 280oz lOdwt from 288 tons of stone Within the lost day or two the aliares of the Great Extended Hustlers Tribute Company, whoso claim some time ago tur rushed the largest returna ever obtained ?from any mine in Victoria havo risen in public favour owing to the fact that they are about to sink a w m¡_ to reach a body of stone 15ft thick which they drove through about seven or eight months since but did not then otherw me interf ore with The com pany put two crosscuts in to reach the atone nt the lev el of 358ft but they did not meet Tilth it and now they are going to test it at the 308ft level When met with previously At that depth it showed gold and it was a large body of rubbly quartz intermixed with stone The Great J xtended Hustlers Com pany of which the abovenamed company is an offshoot continue to receive good yields their last being 910O7 1 hat amount was not equal to w nat they lind been receiving for some months befoie but when it is con sideieil they have quirt/ enough in sight to last them for three tears it will be Been that thej are man excellent position They have .aver. lar0ccluui and as thoy aro prospect ing it \ n,orouBly then j iel Is may very shortly -peibul s be equal to any they have got in the past In the first half of this year they crtishcil 13 201 tons of stone which yielded 23 2u0tfo/ of gold of tho value of £93 110 _Jic îeturn of the Johnsons Reef Gold Mints Company foi the hist half of this vein was 15 232os> of gold from 5 870 tons of stone and there is cveiy reason to expect that the claim vv ill continue remunerativ o Mining matters are considered to be im proving in the Ballarat district which em braces a largo portion of the auriferous ground of the colony and some of the oldest established fields such as Cres wick Clunes and Daj leaf oid The Golden Reef Company a mine on Ballarat baa been returning some jields lately which though not extravagantly rich aro very encouraging and must give great induce ment to others to prospect a vaat area «f ground at a high lovel under Ballarat and its adjoining borough of Sebastopol That ground has not hitherto been worked At so high a level ns gold has been found at in tho Golden Reef and other claims the plan adopted in the rich Ballarat mni"B for merly having been to sink for the deep leads but from the discoveries which have been made lately of auriferous soil at a lovel much nearer the surface than it waa previously sun posed to he it is now thought to bo highly probable that valuable reef wishes wero hurricdlypassed through in years gone by m the feveriBli excitement which prevailed to reach the deep guttcra that w ere then posi tively known to be rich The Koh i noor Company are endeavouring to find the high .washes in their claim and if they should sue _eed as thej appear likely to do thedesiretotry all the highground will be greatly intensified There have been some excellent accounts re ceived during the last few weeks of aunfe rous ground in tho Creswick district and peoplequahfied to judge think that agreatarea of new auriferous country may be opened up from Cresw ick to Kuifcston and Glengonner and even to tho Smeaton plains-a district the extent of which far surpasses all the worked ground on Ballarat, but the value of it is a question only to be settled by time The news from Blackwood continues exceed .ugly satisfactory At Li îton there is ev ery prospect of considerable improvement in tho alluvial mines and the news from Llamo is moro favourable than for some months past Quartz reefing is being prosecuted at Stawell more extensiv ely and successfully than ev ei and it IB questionable whether that district will not in time prove equally rich in golden atone with Sandhurst to winch at present it stands next in rank Mr M kenne tho coal examiner for the New South Wales Government has boen in tins colony for some w eeks on a tour of in spection of our coal seams Ile first crammed the indications winch havo been found in Gipps Land and afterwards visited those in tho Geelong district and the Cipo Otway Forest A report containing the result of Ina examinations and his opinion of the indica tions will shortly 1 e presented by Mr M I\eii7io to the Victorian Government A gi eat cunositj provint, unmistakably the action of a delude in the formation of our deep leads-that alluvial told must have been swept into old water courses now known as gutters-ia the A voca 11 ce Presi statea "to be seen at the Avoca Hotel as a piece of partially charred wood about a foot in length bj an average thickness of si - inches This lecently evhuiiied specimen of anothei ago was found in the Bind and Lake Com panj s ground Home) UBII at a depth of 160ft from the surface and is of consideiably greatet specific ym\ ltj than lronbaik or other known colonial timber AGRICULTURE The weather duiing tho month has been .seasonable, although frosts haï e been more frequent and of greater se\ enty than usual in this part of the globe The early potatoes bal o been cut down, and in somo parts the oats (a crop of secondaiy importance) ha\ e suffered The wheat, on the contrary, has been benefited by tho check it has received, and should the weathei continue as favourable throughout the spring there will bo a pro spect of a good harvest It must not be forgotten that frosts occurring, as thoy some twies do m this country, w hen the wheat is m ear are apt to affect seriously the yield bycaus ing the upper parts of the ears to go ' blind ," in aBeason when frosts are prevalent there is always much risk from this cause Prepata tiona for an extension of grazing have been continued throughout the autumn and .winter Large areas have boen laid down in English graeses, where the conditiona of soil and climate are regaidcd as suitable The Îcolly increasing scarcity of faim labour, no ess than the rise in the value of meat has been instrumental in bunging about this result On tho recurrence of harvest, tho hands set up a chum for wages, amounting in man} cases to a fourth of tho value of the crop, and great dif- ficulty is experienced in obtaining tho roquisite assistance at that or at any lince With a view to mitigato tho evil a number of agricultural societies havo com- bined to oller a prize foi a machine that will both reap and bind 'lhey hove subscribed ncarl} a thousand pounds, and this is to be increased b} a subsidy from the Government The conditions are not arranged as yet, but as the object is to dispense with manual labour, theie should be no difficulty in stating them Tho Nation ti Agricultural Society of Victoria is about to hold a show of stallion horses, diaughts and thoroughbreds, m its grounds, the first metiopohtan show of tho kind at which pionuums havo been given The e\ ent is appointed to take place on tho 18th mat 'Hie same society has commenced a series of meetings at winch papéis will bo read and discussed 'Jho first paper was read on the 25th ult, bj Mr J C Coclirano, of Moonee Ponds, the subject being " Agricul- tural Education " The next meeting is appointed to take place on the 22nd inst, when Mr W Lyall, of Harewood, will lead a paper on "The Rise and Progress of Long woolled Sheep m Victoin " The sale of ono of the finest draught horses ev er brought to these colonies has just taken place , Rantin' Robin, which was imported m the course of last sear by Mr W M Culloch, of La Roso, has been purchased for £1,200 by Mr C B Fisher, who has a grand stud of draught mares ni South Austiuha, whither Rautin Robin will bo sent MEAT-PRESERVING. Nowa recently received from home states that, on the whole, there is a better demand for preserved meats. Of course, there moy be exceptional circumstances under which the British butcher is enabled to competo successfully with the purveyors of preserved meats, but, generally 6pcaking, tho prico of fresh meat in England is sufficiently high to cause an increasing consumption of Austra- lian beef and mutton. What our meat preserving companies are now suffering under is not so much the high price OS the insufficient supply ot stock Bent to markot. The quantities coming for- ward ore in fact so deficient that the compa- nies in question have no chance. If a spell of dry weather was to como, the sheep would probably come down in sufficient numbers ; but grass l8 so abundant, and wool is so high, that the squatters are by no means anxious to part with their flocks The ship Norfolk cleared out on the 22nd ult for London, carrying Mr James Har- rison's experimental shipment of 20 tons of frozen beef and mutton Mr Harrison accompanies the shipment in order that the process may have a fair trial At a luncheon given to lum immediately before Ina depir ture, samples of meat which had been frozen for 85 days wero served up in a cooked state, and were in most excellent preservation Mr Harrison, ni responding to the toast of his health, referred to his invention for manufacturing ice, which had proved 80 eminently satisfactory, and said that IG years ago a number of gentlemen met together and wished him success when he was Ieav ing the colony for England to p-itent his ice invention Considerable doubts wero then entertained b} some persons about tho sue COBB of the ice patent but it .had turned out well, and he had no doubt the meat freezing process would result similarly, as he had every confidence in it On the 31st ult, some of the meat which had been frozen for the 85 da} s and had subsequently been thawed and plated for sev en di}8 in salt w ithout saltpetre, was served up before several well known gentlemen in the Public Library, Melbourne 'Ihese gentlemen signed the following memo- randum with regard to the meat - " We the undersigned, having thi8 day partaken of a portion of a leg of mutton and ribs of beef, salted, preserved by Air Harrison's freeling procesa, wish to state that wo found the meat palatablo, wholesome, and in no way inferior to that of an animal killed and salted by a butcher in the oidmary course of his trade " The report states tint ' tho mutton was evcelleut, }.olding a good rich gravy when cut into, and was sweet to the bone The beef was also tender and good " By this process, the meat is preserved fresh in joints, such as those w Inch may be seen in a butcher s shop Mr Mort of New South Wales his written to the Sydney Morning Herald with a view of moderating public impatience as to the development of his meat-freezing scheme He said that he was at one time tempted to spend a little time and money in a small ex- perimental shipment but he had finally re solvcd to go steadily forwaid with his regular procedure He baa no doubt at all about his success, being confident that he has now conquered all the difficulties that stood in his way He is spending freely in tho con- struction of the necessary establishments, but he warns the public not to expect any very pronounced results for 12 months The Heialdoi the 12th ult publishes the follow- ing article -' We paid a visit jesterday to Mr T S Mort's freezing depot, at the head of Darling Harbour, a huge pile of build îngs calculated to hold a thousand tons of frozen meat The powerful machinery now m course of construction is calculated to produce cold equivilent to GO tons of ice every 24 hours As to the process, tho re- sult of many years of anxious investiga- tion and unremitting labour on the part of Messrs Mort and Nicolle, wo presume that theie now pertains no manner of doubt, judging from the costly preparations which weliave witnessed Air Mort expects that within one twelvemonth he will bo in a position to commence the export of meat, all difficulties of transport having giv en way through the discov ery of singularly simple means whereby the frozen condition of meat on board ship is maintained with safety, simplicity, and economy It may also bo remarked that ammonia being the agent employed in the production of cold on land, has led to the erection by Messrs Mort and Nicolle of extensiv e w orks for its manufac- ture m connexion with the Sydney Gasworks, where they are now making not only But ficient for their own purposes but to supply the colonial demand The art of producing cold cheaply, m a manner capable of ready and univeisal application, opens to sight such an array ot imposing results for the benefit of mankind that we wonder not that Mr Mort has been allured along the peulous and perplexed path of invention in the hope of gaming for himself the honour of the service The enormous waste of food which now takes place thiough the action of de- composition may then be sta}cd , the abund- ance of one season may then be applied to meet the scarcity of another, and one country may be enabled to minister to the wants of another, so that nothing be lost These are lint n fow nf rlif> lipiirlitH to be obtained from but a few of the benefits to be obtained from the application of cold " To persevere is to succeed ' The managei -of the Melbourne Meat-Pre- serving Company, Mr Ritchie has obtained a patent for improvements in the manufacture of preserved meats, which improvements it IB reported, are of great value Samples pre- pared according to the improved procesa wero sent to England a few weeks a¿o, but no íe port lelative to them baa jet been received The invention may bo engrafted on the process now in operation at the company's works THE LABOUR MARKET There is still a good demand for good workmen m all the building trades Brick lajera and caipenters are scaice In the boot trade the work is not quite so brisk as it Ins boen foi tho past four 01 five months and wages have a downvvaid tendency In the metal trades there is a good deal of w ork doing and tile men are kept fairly employed The clothing manufacturers are all fully cmplojed on the summer goods and there is a demand for good hands Female servants are in gieat demand, and good house ser- vants are as difficult to obtain as ever Since the establishment of Messrs Sands and. M'Dougalls manufactury all '.-ils of stationers'woik have gieatly increased In all blanches of industry there is a fan de- mand for competent labourers Victoria is ill suited for men who have no trade and neither strength nor inclination to work The following are the rates of wages paid - Domestic Serv ants -Foi Town-House- maids, £26 to £36 per annum , female cooks receiv e from £35 to £52 per annum , male do 20s to 70s per week , nursemaids £25 to £30 per annum , laundresses £30to£40perannum 1 or Hotels-Cooks male and female £30 to £100 per annum, housemaids, £30 to £3. perdo For Stations-First class married couples for home stations, £00 to £80 per annum , second class do , with children, £40 to £.0 per do , cooks, £40 to £52 pel do , housemaids, £.0 to £35 per do For harms- Men cooks £40 to £52 per annum, man led couples £50 to £60 per do , female general servantB, £30 to £35 per do Waiters foi hotels 20s to 30s per week, groceis' assistante lös to 30s do , general store do , 20s to 40s do , drapers assistants, 30s to 40s do , nursery governesses, £30 to £10 per annum , finishing do , £60 to £80 do Station Hands -Drovers, from 23s to 403 per week grooms and stockmen 20a do farm servante and ploughmen £40 to £o0 per annum stock riders and boundai y men £35 to £50 per annum shepherds los to 20s pel week The following vvagea for akilled laboutera and othei tradeamen aro without rations unless whore sj ecially mentioned - Building 1 rades -Stonemasons 11s per day plasterers bricklajers slaters 10s per do carpenters from 9s to 10s pei do , laboureis (is to 7a per do pick an 1 shovel men 6s per do Hie day a work ia eight boura Bootmakers -1 onivettingcbildrensboots the rate is Od per pair boya lOd women s la and mena Is d Hie same rates aro paid for finishing In some of the best order shops the rates paid ai e -\V ollingtons 10a elastics 7s Od closing 8s Good hands for ladies boots are scarce Bakers -lirst class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week second hands £2 .o £2 2s In inferior shops the rates aro ahthtly lower There are no régulai hours for woik m this trade but the workmen adhere to tho decision that 10 houis shall constitute a day s work Butchers-Shopmen receive from 3os to 40s per week boys 15s to 20s per week slaughtermen receiv o from 40s to 50s per week small goods men (pork butcheis) re ceive 30s to 40s per week with ntions supenor men receive more Brassfinishers and Coppersmiths-Theie is a full supply of labour m this trade 1 lie av crage rate of vv ugcs paid is 10a per day, the payment being 15d per hour Cabinetmakers-Hie average earnings of good tradesmen is 9s per day though some superior hands get higher w ages Second class workmen earn from 35s to 40s per week Upholsterers can eain from £2 10s to £3 per week Coopers -Afost of the work in this trado is done by the piece the wages fixed by the trado aro 10s per day of 10 hours Tallow casks are made at 5s 6d for thirds and 4s 6d for fourths which latter aro now most made Coachbuilders -This trado is now brisk Smiths receive from £2 10s to £3 10s per week A few hands earn as high ns £4 per week Bodymakers-Most of this work is done by tho piece Tho average earnings of good hands are from £210s to aa Inch as £4 per week Wheelers-Most of this work is done by tho piece, the wages made are from £210s to £3 10s per week. Painters receive from 9s to 12s per day Trimmers earn from £3 to £3 10s per week, and vyee men from £2 to £210s per week Clothing Factories -Where the work is done on the premises the wages earned aro as follow -Tailoresses from £1 to £1 158 per week, preasers £2 to £2 15a and upwarda Trom 12s to £1 l8 earned at shirtmaking in factory hours but the greater portion is taken home Clothing machinists earn from 15s to 30s per week in factory hours from 9 till 6 Tamers -rirst class firemen get £2 15a per week doormen receive £2 5s per do inferior workmen receive from £110s to £2 per week Farriers for the country receive from 20a to 30s per week with their board and lodging Grooms m livery stables get from 30s to 40s per week , coachmen receive from 40s to 60s per do Gardeners -The best men for situations near town get from 36s to 42s per week w ithout rations for situations in the country 208 to 2os per week with rations inferior banda receiv e about 15a per week with ra tiona Hatters -Bodymakers receive 20s per dozen finishers 24s per dozen simpers Gs to 12s per dozen crow n Bewers 5s per dozen trimmers 8s j\ er dozen Ironworkers-Boilermakers smitha fit tere and turners 10s to 12s per day labourers from Gs to 7s per do Jewellers -In the manufacturing jewellers establishments the workmen receive from £2 15s to £3 15s Tor the finer work the wages range horn £5 to £6 per week Good tradesmen can get full employment Good seal engravers are scaice and can earn as high as £G to £8 per week Tirst class jewellers cnamellers ire much wanted Hie work ia highly paul and not well done Enamellcrs can make the same wages H or worl ers and jewel case makers are also much wanted There ia not anoieningfor i larte number of men m these trades but the sup ply of good tradesmen is short Miners-The average rate for mmeia in the Ballarat district is £2 5s per week eight hour shifts breaksmen cet a slightly higher rate of wa_.es In Bendigo district quartz miners m deep Binkmg for pit work get £2 10s ordinary quartz minéis ¡_et £2 5s ] er weel engineers receive £3 to £3 10s In Bendigo most of the w ork is done on tribute In Alexandra Maryborough and Dayles fold miners receive £2 10s i er week filost of the work m Gipps Land is done by con tract w here wages are i aid the men receive from £2 10s to £3 Navvies-The rate paid the men em plojed on the Noith 1 astein Railway is9d per hour Manufacturing Stationers -Vellum and 1 ookbinders receiv o GOs per week Rulera are paid at the aame late Lithographic printers are paid at the rate of 50s pervveek Machine printers receive 70s per do Ma clune and letterpress printers leceivo from tiOs to 70s per w eek Painters and Glaziers -rair tradesmen re ceiv e from 8s to 10s per day This trade is fully supplied Plumbers and Gasfittcrs receive £3 per week of eight hours per day Pnnters &c; The rate paid m this trade is Is per 1 000 In manufacturing stationers establishments lithographers are paid £210s to £-S 15s per week, bmdeis £2 to £3 per week pa] er rulers £3 to £3 10s per week Ihe demand for labour m these trades is limited and ia at present fully Bupphed St"v edorcB Men Le -Lumpers get 12s per day w hen m w ork 1 ngmeera in tow boats and donkey engine dnverB receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters -The rate paid in this trade is 13s per day of eight hours AVork irregular Sailors receive £5 pei mouth in sailing vessels and £G per month in steamships The men resolved to demand £8 per month for bomen ard bound vessels but w ero unable to obtain it and have gone back to £5 to obtain it, and have gone back to £5 Saddlers -The supply of really good tiades men is short, but second class workmen are plentiful enough The earnings aro about £2 10s per week The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well and wages vary from 25s to 30s per week The work in this trade is nine hours per day Tanners and Cninera -Beamsmen receive 40s to 50s per week, shedsmen, 42s to los per do , tanners, 38s to 45s per do -time, 10 hours per day Curriers, at piecework, can carn from 50s to 70s per w eek Tailors -In first class establishments the rate paid ia Is per hour In second class shops the earnings are from £2 10s to £3 per w eek In factories the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece Where wages are paid, the rate is 40s lier week ni factory hours Tinsmiths -Owing to the meat preserving companies not being fully employed a good mnnj menin this trade are out of work at present In the trade the late is from £2 10s to £3 per week of 10 hours per dav Watchmakers -The general rite of wages in this trade is £4 per w eek though some of the superior workmen getaB high as £0 RAILWAY RETURNS Tho returns of the traffic on the Gov em- inent lines of îailway for the week ending 31st August, show a considerable advance on the receipts for the corresponding period of last year, with the exception of the pas- senger traffic in which there is a slight falling off The amount received for the carriage of passengers is £3,959 6s lid as against £4,332 10s lOd last j ear, showing a reduction of £J73 3s lid '1 li«1 gnnrls traffic KIA es a return of £8 896 2s 4d as against £0 78J 8S Id, giving an m crease in this branch of traffic of £2,110 1 is 3d 1 he total receipts for the week amount to £12 855 9s 3d as against £11117 18s lid last jear, Bhowing an increase of £1,738 0s 4d m fav our of the present j ear The aggre gate returns to date from July 1 is £60 201 11s 2d as against £51 248 2s lid last j ear, showing an increase m the present years returns amounting to £8 952 8s 3d The weekly average for five weeks is £12 010 6s 3d , aa agamat £10 249 12s 7d , allowing a weekly increase of £1,79013s 8d m favour of the piesent j ear 'Hie leturns of the traffic on the Melbourne and Hobson s Bay United Railway Company, from the 1st to 31st August compare very favourably with leturns for the same period of last j ear The passenger traffic giv es a return of £7,929 12s 9d , as against £8 8116s last} ear showing a reduction of £88113s 3d 1 his falling off is explained by the fact that the io turn lor last year included the 1st of August, when a large number of periodical tickets are taken out The goods traffic gives a return of £3,600 12s, as against 13,3819s 2d, last j ear, showing an increase of £219 2B lOd The total receipts to date amount to £12,192 15s 2d , as against £11,530 4s Id , show mg an increase in the returns of £062 10s 5d m favour of the present j ear 'Hie weekly avcrago is £2 667 3s 4d, aa against £2,003 12a , giving a weekly niciease of £63 11s MUSIC Operas done in English continue to be pei formed at the Melbourne Opera house with a fair avciage of success Since our list monthly communication, the perfoi m mees have consisted of "The Daugbtei of the Regiment," "Maritana," "Satanella " "The Bohemian Gul," "The Lily of Killarney, ' "JVhe Grand Duchess of Gerolstein, "The Itôse of Castile" and "Martha" On the 17th July ' Maritana ' was pla}ed, with Miss Bessio Harrison, a debutante as tho repre- sentative of the heiome This young lady is}Otingand very petite, she possesses an agreeable soprano v oice of light qu ihty She was very favourabl} received She made »nother appearance in the part of Martha in llotow's opera of that name, which on the whole was treated to a very successful ^pre- sentation "'Hie Lily of Ivillarne},"by Bene diet, served to introduce a new barítono sinter, Mr Templeton, in the p trt of Dann} Mann This was a very successful debut Mr Templeton has a fiesh joung voice of ¡-ood compass and agreeablo quality lie appears to be intelligent and is hKelj to succeed in the future Mr Vernon (also new to the stage) made a good impression as Myles na Coppaleen on tins occasion On the 4th August the "Rose of Castile" was produced, and tins again waa the opportunity for another Melbourne dé- butante. Misa Carno Emanuel, to make her apperance on the operatic Btage MIBS Lmanuel has a soprano voice of valuablo quality m its upper tones and of great lle\ibihty throughout its entire re gistei The part she chose (that of 1 Ima) was well adapted for the display of this gift, and her succesa was un- equivocal us a vocalist All these ladies and gentlemen whoso names aro mentioned abov e hav c, as beginners, much to learn m connexion w ith stage business, but their ap Iieaiance is nevertheless evidence of there >eing at hand a local supply for the vocal wants of fight opera on the English stage Mr Beaumont has been the principal tenor throughout all tho works abovenamed, and, excepting "Maritana," "The Rose of Castile," and "Martha." Miss Alice May has been the first lady. As prelude to the opera, the Sisters Navaro have appeared on various or eastons in " Bon Soir Voisin," and "Terrible Hjmen," the one being given in the French and the other m the English language The Italian Contingent of the Melbourne Opera Company are in Adelaide, from whence we have received the beat accounts of their suc- cess On their return the united forces of the two companies, with the band and choniff of the Melbourne Phüharmonie Society, will be massed together for a grand performance of Rossmi'a " Mose in Fgitto," at the Town hall, on which occasion the organ will also be brought into use. The Melbourne Philhar- monic Society are now engaged under Mr David Lee in steady training for the work There have been several good concerts here of late On the 19th ult, Mr T II Guenett gave a morning concert at the Melbourne Athenamm, which was well attended The plaverswere Messrs Guenett, Hill, RAM, and David Lee , Miss L Cirandini, vocalist 'the selections from Chopin, Beethoven (Kreutzer Sonata), Weber, and Mendels- sohn wero well plajed A morning (benefit) concert was given in the Town hall on the 26th Julj by the "Victorian Musicians Co operativeAssociation," with an orchestra of 60 plaj ers-Boloinstrumentali.ts, Messrs Schott, Hill and Guenett. vocalists, Madame Miranda Hirst, Sirs Cutter, Mr Beaumont, and Mi Ramford The orchestral work showed want of rehearsal when tho andante from Beethoven's Bjmphony in "C Minor ' was the subject of the perform- ance On the 31st July, Mr Furlong s con- cert at the Melbourne Athen cum, supported by the choir of St Francis' Roman Catholic Church, the Melbourne Museal Union, and his own pupils, resulted qmte success fully Signor Gior/a was solo pianist and Madame Pelt accompanist A grind benefi conceit was given it the Town hall on 2nd August Messrs Hill, Schott, and Signor Gioiza plajed vauous selections of music for the organ violin piano and oboe The vocalists were Mrs lion it?- Mrs Cutter, Madame Lebens Signor Susmi, and the Metropolitan Liedeitafel Madame Lebens comes here quite recently from Vienna She has a mezzo soprano v oice, and is a pupil of Stockhausen There was a v eT large attend ance The Melbourne German Liedertafel recently t-ve a very successful entertain ment at which the marchand chorus from "lannhauser"were spiritedly given hythe members, wit'i orchestral accompaniment, under the dnection of Herr Siede, the conductor of the society Mrs Cutter waB solo vocalist, and MeBsrs Hill (violin) and Guenett (piano) solo instru- mentalists The Amateur Orchestral Society of Melbourne the I ltsroy, Williamstown, and other suburban choral societies are ni full practice Madame Arabella Goddard has met with unprecedented success during her stay m New South Wales She left Sidney on the 9th Her second concert in Mel bourne takes place at the Town hall, on Thuisday, the 14th mst She is to be sup jioi ted on this occasion by Mrs Cutter, Sirs Smythe, Signor Susim, Sir John Hill, and Mr Dav id Lee THEATRES Mr Byron's comedy drama, "C}nl's Suc- cess,' was produced at the theatre Royal for the first time on the 19th July The cast was an extremely good one, and the perform once waa received with much favour by the public After the piece had run a few nights, Mrs Wooldndge, who aipearcd in tho paifc of Miss Grannett, was taken aenously ill, and her place was supplied by Miss Shepparde, who undertook the character at veiy short notice The result was a most unqualified successforthiscleveryoungartist Mrs Bates, an American actress, mode her firat appearance at the Theatre Ro}al on the 4th inst, in ' Tanchon, the Cricket " Tins lady speaks with a decided but not veiy disagreeable American accent She is possessed of con siderable ability, and has made a very favourable impiessioii on the public The Lmerson troupe of Californian Mmstiels appeared in St George a hall on the 2ndinst 'lhey are of good ability, though not superior to what w e hav e seen in this line of business 1 he hall has been well attended since they opened 'Hie Polytechnic hall is occupied by a dramatic company, but they are doing a very inferior stile of business A variety company are giving entertainments at the Apollo hall, but they aro not very success ful RACING Racing during the month has been confined to a steeplechase meeting at Ballarat and a minor meeting at Caulfield The Ballarat sportsmen held their day's steeplechastng on the 17th July The weather was fine, but bitterly cold Ibe Handicap Hurdle Race w as w on by Peacock, after a good i ace with Native The latter was distanced foi coming m short weight Prodigious won the Handicap Steeplechase he being the only horse that went lound without in iking a mistake Middy Ashoie won the Selling Huidle Race imu was bought in at the upset price The Selling Steeplechase was won by Irumpeter, who was boiujit by Mr P bien nister for £100 'Hie days Bport concluded with a Scurry St ikes which was won by Wallaby The Caulfield meeting was held on the 2nd mat The weatbei was beautifully line, and the attendance larger than any ever seen on this course before The programme commenced with a trotting race, which was w on by Clansman Se\ en horses started for the Handicap Steeplechase, which was won easily by Morris Selector was second Twelve boises started for the Flat Race, w Inch w as w on easil} by Don Juan W F carried 151b overweight and} et ran a good second The Hunters Stakes, for winch eleven gentlemen riders came to the post, w as a most amusing affair It vv as a chapter of accidents from the first At nearly every fence a boise came down and at last Caliph -probabl} the slow est horse m the race, but who went round without making a mistake \- cantered m an easy winner The animal meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was held on the 4th mat The attendance was the largest ev er seen at a meeting of tina club Contrary to expectation tho proceedings were extremely tame 'Ihe balance sheet w as adopted w ithout a w ord of remark The racecourse maintenance and improvement account show ed an expenditure of £13 115 2s lOd , nearly the whole of which has been expended on the new grandstand .Messrs M Attenboiough, J Blackwood, 0 B lisher, T Hent}, II C Jeffreys, G Watson, and Captain Standish were elected members of the committee ot tue committee During the past month some very fine Bhi] mcnts of horses have been made for the Indian market The ship Bruce sailed on the Uth July for Calcutta via Madras having on board 220 fine boises selected 1 y Mi Vvarren who Ins been for several j ears engaged in the Indian horse trade J he City of Agra followed on the 2üth July with 120 horses shipped by Mr M Mahon for Madras and 10 horses slnppe I bj Mr Kavanagh for Calcutta On the 8th mat the Ben Nevis hauled off from the Sandridge j icr hav n g on board 170 horses shipped by ¡Mr R J Hunter these horses wore selected in Queensl md and being from allot climate will not feel the heat of India so much is boises 1 iedinthe cooler distiicts of Australia HUNTING Both metiopohtan pads of hounds havo been having good runs of late in each in stance the drag being the puncipal feature of the run A pack of hounds has been esta blisl ed at A\ arru tmbool and another at Sandhurst and both are well i atronised Last week a small pack was started at Dan denong bj a few sportsmen living m that ncifch bom hood COURSING The Ballal at Coursing Club first public meeting wa.held on the Pentland Hills on the 9fh and 10th inst The w eather was not very favouralle the winner was Mr G Bignell s Sea \\\ lnsper the runner up being tie non ÏI Simson s Oueen Biddj The place where the meeting was held was not easily accessible from cither Melbourne or Ballarat and consequently the attendance of siortsmen on the ground was not very numerous Hie 'Waterloo meeting of the ^ letona Coursing Club will commence on the 14th inst The firat day s coursing will take placo on Mr Vv J Clarke s estate at Sun bury The winner of the Narracoorto coursing match in South Australia is engaged in the cup and Mr N Darcy has brought his dog Bengal Light from Queensland to take part in the struggle Bengal Light w as con sidered the fastest dog m England m 187L OUTDOOR AMUSEMENTS Negotiations havo been concluded by a confederacy of Victorian gentlemen in terested in cricket, with Mr W G Grace, the "champion," for the visit of an All England Eleven, under his management and captaincy. It is expected that the English team will amvo hore in time to play a match with Victoria, in Melbourne, on next Boxing-day Tho team will return to England hy the mail leaving Melbourno in March, and it is probable that they will play other matches not only in the country dis- tricts of Victoria, but in New South Wales and Tasmania The Melbourne Champion Crew, which won the intercolonial race m Melbourne a few months ago, will probably go to Sydney in Novembei, to compete at the Balmain Re gatta, to be held there 1 he Victoria Yacht Club some time ago re- ceived from the Lorda of the Admiralty, through the Governor, a general warrant which mado their }achts free of Victorian ports At present none of the members havo yachts of very large tonnage, but in the coming season Bome contemplate tripa to ports acroBS Bass's Straits The fleet is likely to be increased by the purchaso of one or two yachts of 25 tons in Sydney Tins football season has beon one of the moBt successful which the colony has ever had As an instance of the popularity of the game, it may be mentioned that crowds of five or six thousand persons have assembled in Melbourne to witness matches between leading clubs DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS The following are lists of the deaths (ex clusive of natives) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred hospitals since our last summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels m which they arrived, and the causes of death : - MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. Ah Chong hawker, aged 42, native of Amoy , arrived in 1849, ship unknown , died July 20, of hypertrophy of liver. Bate John, pedlar, aged 60, native of London, arrived in 1855, ship unknown, died July 11, of apoplexy. Bloomfield, George, labourer, aged 35, native of Bristol, arrived in 1853, ship unknown , died July 22, of internal hoemorrhage from accidental injury. Baker, Edward, labourer, aged 50, native of London, arrived in 1835, by the Isabella, died July 31, of empyema. Church, Jane, aged 27, native of Sussex , arrived in 1863, by the Bombay , died July 16, of fatty degeneration of the heart. Cava nagh, Ann, domestic. aged 28, native of Ireland, armed in 1869, by the Gresham, died July 20, of apoplexy. Callan, Edward, labourer, aged 51, native of Ireland, ar rived in 1848, by the Sarah Ann, died July 25, of pneumonia and morbus Brightii. Donnelly, Mary, aged 50, further particu lars unknown, died July 25, of bronchitis and asthma. Davaro, John, labourer, aged 30, native of Ireland , arrived in 1870 by the Chariot of Fame ; died July 14, of pneu monia. Hill John, labourer, aged 60, native of Bristol, ship and date of arrival unknown , died July 15, of apoplexy. Horrigan, Jere miah, miner, aged 33, native of Ireland, arrived in 1859 by the White Star , died July 21, of phthisis. Harding, Eliza, seamstress, aged 44, native of Hampshire, arrived in 1861 by the Kent, died July 23 of phthisis. Heath, Goodwin, tailor, aged 27, native of London , arrived in 1871 by the Suffolk, died July 26, of phthisis. Howe, Gilmore Henry, aged 3½ years, native of Ireland , arrived in 1872 by the Douglas , died July 30, of croup. Jackson, Esther, aged 49, native of Lanca shire, arrived in 1852, ship unknown, died July 17, of poisoning (suicide, temporary insanity). Lewis, Joseph, painter, aged 42, native of London, arrived in 1860, by the Monarch , died July 30, of morbis cordis. M'Cafrey, Thomas, carpenter, aged 60, native of Ireland, arrived in 1853, by the Bride , died July 13, of peritonitis. Milboume, Charles, groom, aged 32, native ot Cumber land , arrived in 1872, by the Royal Adelaide, died July 17, of phthisis. M'Cormack, Thomas, bricklayer aged 36, native of War wickshire, arrived in 1867, by the Atalanta, died July 31, of exhaustion, from erysipelas. Maher, Thomas, labourer, aged 56, native of Ireland, arrived in 1855 by the Parsee , died August 3, of stricture of oesophagus. M'Auley, Samuel, labourer, aged 73, native of Ireland, arrived in 1853, by the Golden Era, died July 21, of exhaustion from disease. O'Neil Charles, miner, aged 28, native of Ireland, arrived in 1861 by the City of Mel bourne , died July 24, of hydatid of spine. Pascoe, Henry, miner, aged 40, native of North Wales, arrived in 1868, ship un known, died July 28, of alcoholic poisoning. Rogers, John, tinsmith aged 50, native of Scotland , arrived in 1851 by the Gambier , died July l8 of phthisis. Sterry, William, window-blind maker, aged 54, native of Norfolk , ship and date of arrival unknown, died July 15, of morbus cordis. Walsh, Maria, domestic, aged 25, native of Ireland, arrived in 1866 by the Callum Power, died July 25, of phthisis. ALFRED HOSPITAL. Goon Ley, aged 38, native of China, no other particulars known, died August 2, of pyelitis. Parker, Henry, whitesmith, aged 54 native of London, arrived in 1849 by the Mary Shepherd , died July 27, of erysipelas; Peter son, Charles, sailor, aged 46, native of Den mark , arrived in 1865 by the Lady Darling , died July 28, of carcinoma. Rushforth, Thomas, carpenter, aged 29, native of Westmoreland, arrived in 1860 by the Torando , died July 23, of phthisis. WEATHER The weather duung the past month has been as seasonable as could have been de sued, and pleasant throughout, with the ex ception of the few intervals when rain fell On several nights and mornings it was very cold, but not more so than might have been evpected at the time of the j ear Melbourne was visited for several hours on the evening of Saturday, the 26th ult,, with a fog, which was so dense that trafhc by horses or vehicles in the public streets was practically sus pended The highest temperature íecorded was 07 2d eg on the afternoon of the 2nd inst, and the lowest 30 2deg on the morning of the 18th ult The highest reading of the baiometer was 30 12in on the 20th ult, and the lowest 29 361m on the morning of the 7th inst The amount of rain which h id fallen this j ear up to the 11th inst w is 10 87m as compared with 19 01m duiingthe same period in 1872, 10 03m m 1871, 17 30m in 1870, 1139in in 1809, 9 97m in 1808, 13 37in m 1867, 11 8.m in 1866 9 91in in 1865, 10 OSin in 1804 17 03m in 1803 10 48in m 1802, 15 57in in 1801, 12 50m in 1800, 13 42m in 1859,11 72m in 1858, oi an average of 11 loin INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOU I II WAL1 S 1 he Government in settling the terms on which the mail service via California is to he carried on hav e resolv ed to ask foi no sub sid} fiom the colonies likely to use it but simply to collect Gd per ¿oz upon the letters The passago from S}dney to San Francisco is to be pel foi mod in GOO hours and the Go vernment expect to deliver letters in 1 ng land in 40 da}S-a somewhat sanguine ex pectation liiere w ill have to be a tempoiary Benlee at the expuation of the piesent Suez contiact until the contractor gets out special ships from the C1} de Queensland has agreed to íeeipiocate with New South Wales and eui} leticia by the lorres Straits route on the same tcims as letters are to be earned on the California route I'aihament is to meet on the 9th De ccmber 1 he aj-ent general telegraphs from London that he baa completed airangements for nn niiMotion to the colony 'Iho contiact foi the extension of tho Southern Railway from Goulburn to Yass, _>lj miles has been let to Mr Daniel Wil hams for £191 7GG which does not include the cost of rails oi iron foi the bridges The woik is to be finished in two }cara Hie Divorce Court a new institution m the colony has been opened this month The Vice Admirait} Court has confirmed the seizuie by Captain Moresby R N , of the Melanie, a vessel which was engaged m pearl fishery in lorres Straits Thero wero 51 Polynesian labourers on boaid, and the vessel was seized because the master had not complied with the provisions of the Imperial Kidnapping Act Messrs Robert Towns and Co owned tho Melanie A despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies refers to the memorial of the late Intercolonial Conference; at Sydney, playing that trustees ni the United Kingdom should have power to invest trust funds in colonial Government securities Lord Kim- berley saja that the Imperial Government cannot recommend Périment to pass any measure for the purpoaejsked. Dividends have beendclared as follows. Commercial Bank, 20[per cent, j Joint stock Bank, 8 per fent , City Bank, 8 per cent. ; Pacific hsuranco Company. 8 per cent ; Bulli bal Company, 12J per cent. ¡ Newcastle fallsend Coal Com- pany, 10 per cent , Ausblasian Stoam Navi- gation Company, 10 perfent : Clarence River and New England Stein Navigation Com- pany, 10 per cent. ; Us Company, 15 per cent, Shale Oil Compay, 124 per cent Tho General Assurance Conianylias declared no dividend i SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Ayers Ministn which bad been threatened with an ldverse motion the moment the Bession ommenced, did not want to be turned on of office Mr. Rey nolds, the Lands Hunter, resigned on the 19th July, ostensibly jecauso the Govern- ment intended to propeo the expenditure of £20,000 to £30,000 uponlmmigration, and the loss of BO powerful a colfeague obliged tho Mi- nistry to resign in a holy People say that Mr. Reynolds withdrew localise he wanted to become Government Risident at Port Dar- win, from which place he had just re- turned The Ministry vere understood to be adverse to the appointment A new Go- vernment was formed by Mi Arthur Blyth, as follows -Chief Secretary, Mr Blyth ; Treasurer, Mr. Glyde, Attorney General, Mr Mann ; Commissioner o Crown Lands, Mr Everard; and Comnusiioner of Public Works Mr n E Bright Parliament met soon after the Government 1 ad been formed 'Hie speech announced a nuasure to provide for immigration, and bills on the subject of education, load ndministntion, and the transcontinental railwaj The Government took prompt action to promote linmigiatioii, foi befoie they met Paibainent they tele giaphed to the agent general to arrange to send two shiploads of immigrants in time for the next harvest , £9,000 is to be expended in the introd iction of population tins year, ana a further sum will lie asked for on account of next year. TheT'reasuier stated that the Government favoured the appointment of one oi more lectuiers and sub agents in 1 ngland to stimu- late emigration to the colony Parliament adjourned to the 12th August (to day) to enable the Government to prepare measures, and to adopt a definite policy for the management of the settlement in Noith Australia This is one of the most pressing matters thej have to deal with. Mr Rcj nolds has sent in bia report on the visit which he paid to the Noi them Terri- tory as Minister'of Lands lie statea that the construction of a transcontinental rail vaj line must be only a question of time , that the labour question can be dealt with by companies and others , and the employment of Japanese, Malaya, and Chinese is recom- mended The country possesses great mine- ral wealth, including gold, copper, and tin The English dissatisfied landholders should be paid and the appeal withdrawn, believing that the sale of town lots and a few country sections would cover the whole claim A railway or tramway should be constructed from Port Dar» in to the quartz reefs The judgeslup of the Northern Temtory has been accepted by Mr Downie, Commis- sioner of Insolvency, and Mr Rejnolds was asked to fill the vacant position of Govern- ment resident, but he declined the appoint- aient, on the ground that the salary was msufli clent The revenue for the j ear ending 30th June was £833,000, an increase of £158,000: the expenditure £733,000, an increase of £23 000 The cereal exports for seven months of the jeir ended July weie £1,500,000, as against £569,000 for the same period of last year The staple exports wero £2,250 000, agamst £1 500,000 last jear 'i ho captain of the barque Tongoy, Charles Alfred AMiittacombe, was murdered on the 2nd inst bj some of the crew, when the ship was m harbour Tour men- Joseph AdamB, William Edgar, Thomas M'Lean, and Ben Ribbeck-were brought fiom the gaol to re- sume duty on board the v essel, which was about to sail They showed some intention ... 1» ."C-o-fnT h". Punt .in WliirrnY-nmlw to be lefractory, but Captain Wluttacombe íesolved to i-o to sea The men asked what he intended todo to them, in allusion to their previous misconduct on board no said he would tell them on Monday-this was on Saturday Adams atruck the captain down, and he never Bpoko again The four men weie taken ashoie, and committed for tnal for murder Captain Wluttacombe was a }Oung man, on Ins first vojage as master He was a son of an officer in the coast guard at Plj mouth Ile had only been married six w eeks before lie left Lngl ind The overland telegraph line, in tho first six months of the year, yielded a revenue of Lo4 000 TASMANIA 1 he Innes Government after nine months' tenure of ofhee, have been tamed out upon then financial proposals They did not get on satisfactorily with the Assembly, and the House, when invited by them to state its opinion, declared by IG to 15 that it had no confidence in the Government The new Admmistrition consists of Mr Ken nerly, Premier without office Air Chipman Chief Secrctaiy, Mr Fjsh Tieasurer, "Mr Giblin Attorne} General, and Mr Moore Mimstei of L tnds A dissolution of the As sembl} is regarded as prob ible T he customs revenue this year has shown considei ible improvement, and additional taxation will hardly be needed unless the main line of railw ay should fail to pay its wa} QUEENSLAND Parliament has been prorogued, with a view to dissolution and íe election by the new constituencies The Education Bill, as had been expected, filled to pass, but the majority against it was only one Tho re ligious bodies showed great opposition to the measure, because it proposed to abolish non ve8ted schools The bill is likely to have a better íeception from the new Parliament Mr Walsh has retired from the Govern- ment, and been succeeded as Commissioner of Public Works by Mr Thompson, whose post as Lands Minister has been filled up by the appointment of a membei of Parliament new to office-Mr Graham Mr Walsh re- signed because he differed from his colleagues on the education question. NEW ZEALAND Till- M 10111 OUTIUGI-S The New Zealand Government has de eided that the murdci of Sullivan, by that ink} skinned scoundrel Purukutu and his accomplices, and the piotection of the mur dereis by 'lawhaio, the Maori king, is not a casus belli w ith the latter In the speech with which he opened the New Zealand Parlia ment on the 15th ult, tho Governor made the following announcement -" It ia also gr ttif} mg to observe that the nativ cs gene rall} appreciate the advantages of peace, and are directing their attention to industrial pursuits, and to the establishment of schools pursuits, and to the establishment of schools in w hicji their children can obtain the advan- tages of an English education. The murder committed in Waikato by certain natives has attracted much public notice. While lament- ing the circumstances of a crime now happily so rare, I would announce with satisfaction that it has evoked from leading tribes throughout the island general and public condemnation, as well as renewed declar- ations of their loyalty. The Government have left the criminals to the ordinary oper- ation of the law. That operation may be lardy in a district still remote from European settlement, in which they have taken refuge, but Government, while mindful of the re- quirements of justice, and of the protection of industrious inhabitants, havo not deemed it expedient by any precipitate measures to risk the disturbance of the generally peaceful condition of the colony." In tho meantime, the Government bus offered a liberal amount of money for the capture of Purukutu and his accomplices, dead or alive, and, if the mur- dered man left any relatives, they may rest assured that, if the Government can secure the murderers without any risk, the majesty of the law will be vindicated, and tho gallows will receive its due. By many persons suspicions have been enteitained from the fiist that the crime was not an ordinary one, and that a political significance was to be attached to it. Indeed, it has been stated on good authority that Turukutu, who was in Tawhaio's service when he killed Sullivan, committed the crime " by order of the King." His Majesty's persistent refusal to give the crimináis up to justice goes a long way towards establishing the truth of this statement. That the assertion is believed by many of the settlers, the following résolutions passed by " a large and influential meeting," held at Cambridge on the 12th ult, Bhow :-"1. That it is the opinion of this meeting that, considering the utter contempt with which the natives have always treated the Government, both previous to and since the murder, and the attempt upon the life of the Go vemmont agent, the settlers demand that British low should be enforced through out tho length and breadth of the land 2 That this meeting oxpresses its surpnso and regret that the Government are cn deav ourmg te coiiBtruo the murder of Sulh van into a private quarrel, while tho natives themselves acknowledge it as premeditated and solely political and that Purukutu was instructed by the King to commit some act to provoke hostilities 3 That this meeting cannot understand the action of any Govern ment issuing Ciown panta for land to which they will not afford protection to the pur chasers as British subjects therebj virtually recognising the Kings authority over land held under Crown grants and that where it is in the power of the Government to grant protection beyond the confiscated line Buch protection should bo afforded 4 lhat a committee be appointed to draw up a pelt tion to the House of Representatives era bodying the foregoing resolutions and that said petition be forwarded to other settlers for signature Die construction of roads and railwajs near the native districts is to bo urged onasrapidlj aBpossible andeveryjoar the power of resistance of the native race will hecome ICBS Writing on the lOtli ult our Vv ellington correspondent after stating that the action of the Government would be made the sul ject of a question by the Opposition w hen Parliament met goes on to Baj - All that the Government willbc able to answer is that they have made such arrangements as will prevent the recurrence of outrage and as may ultimately lead to the punishment of 1 urukutu and his complinois They will also le alle to joint out that the events following Sul ¡ivan s muí dei hive tended gieitly in the direction of breaking up the King party Between Rewi and the King the . is luv a consi lei able amount of disunion while Manutara for a long time our most 1 ltter enemy and the King s confidential munster baa been ousted from office oi at least de pnved of most of the powers aj pertaining thereto The fact is the King party aie beguining to see that M mullir t s advae Ins not alwajs been of the most judicious charactei and that it w as likely to lead them into woise dilticulties lhey have accord mglv determined th it in future all imbi c afians are to be discussed in and decided by a tornanga or kind of public meeting of chiefs and men of influence 1 his is a most radical change in Maori j olitics and may lead to nn poi t mt results M mulurahs to remain a 1 md of chief executive officer but the direction of the policy of the King party is to be settled by lue runanga A repoit is current that since this waB decided lawliaio has sent to Mi Mackay lequcsting an interview lawliaio has alwajs beretofoie stood upon his diguitj and strenuously íesisted all cffoitB to bung a! out an mtciview with any pakelia re) resent itive of oui Government or even with the Governor himself It is well known that on one occisión Sir George Bowen was kept ni the \vailtato for several d ijs under pretence of pheasant shooting btitinieahty in the hope that the Nitive Mimstci might be able to bring about an in terview betw een the K ing and His Lxcellency A good roany comments wer» made at the time as to the undignified position m which tile Governor was thus placed as lavvhaio peremptonlj refused to meet linn ____^ It is mentioned above that the New /ea it is mcniioneu aiiove mat me iiew zea- land Parliament was opened on tho 15th ult Subjoined are extracts from the Governor's opening speech -' I am gratified to leam that the condition of tho colony is extremely prosperous, and that the colonists at large aie manifesting faith m its resources, and dev eloping them with energy and enterprise Papers will be laid before you indicative of the anxiet} of the Government to promote and assist lmmigiation In consideration of the unanimous desire of the recent inter- colonial conference, Her Majest} s Govern ment li ive obtained the assent of the Im- pend Parliament to a measuie bv which the Australian colonies will have the right to enter into reciprocal tanfl anangements I do not doubt tint this concession will be planted to the Legislature of New Zealand, winch has constantly advocated its justice and expediei _, , and I cxpiess a hope that such care will be exercised m makin g pioper and reasonable use of it, as will prove that it has been w îsely sought and granted I lehret that whilst so many other subjects íeceived satisfactory consideration and de- cision at the hands of the Conference, upon the subject of mail services a unani mous conclusion was not arrived at, and in consequence it yet awaits final arrangement Al} advisers have given much consideration to the nnttci Whilst they are anxious to re open the Californian seivice, they aro only disposed to do so on terms which will do justice to the requirements of this colony, and which will not dissassoci ite -New Zealand from the use ot the Sue/ service Negotia- tions aie still pending 'Ihe work of making roads m nativ e districts in the North Island, and thus through theiraid ofopemng up the country for futuie settlement, has been prosecuted duruig the jeir with steadi ness and success It is gratifying to observe that the opposition originally manifested in aeveial points to this undertaking is «ia duall} lessening as the natives more fully understand tho intention of Government, and the benefit accruing to themselves fro n these vvoiks in affording employment in several districts and in giving incicasad value to tubal landß 'I be address in repl) to the speech was adopted almost without op] osition 'J he bill to prohibit the importation of foieign Btock introduced by the Govern- ment, was rejected in the House of Repre- sentatives by 28 votes to 23 The following bonuses for colonial m dustnes ore ofiered by the Goveinment - Iron £5,000 foi 1,000 tons of pig iron of moiket ible quality No bonus will be tiven for less than 100 tons Sugai, £2,000 foi the pioduetionof 230 tona manufactured m the colony from beetroot 1 ish, 4s per cwt for fish, dry or pickled, exported from the colony A bill for constituting native councUs and defining then functions has been intro- duced A mixed population may resolve to be brought undei the operation of the act All native males who have attained their inajorit} are qualified to vote The councils are to have power to inquire into petitions lcgardmg land disputes, and to facilitate the inncable settlement and adjudication of such cases lliey are to be recognised by the Native Lands Court Energetic steps aro being taken to obtain immigrants, and tho blamo of the failure of the immigration scheme is thrown on Dr. Featherstone the agent- general. Mr Far nail, emigration agent in London has tele- graphed that the agent general is obstructing emigration by restricting the assisted passages Ihe ship Halftone, from London had armed at Auckland, and been placed in quaiantme Thiee of bei passeiif-ers died from t}phoid fever, and there weie three deaths from other causes Hie vessel brought 278 passengers, including, 236 Go vernment immigrants Richaid .Moore was sentenced to lime months' imprisonment at Auckland foi scut- tling the Melbourne ship Alsager George Green, indicted with him, was acquitted 'Hie Secretar} of State for the Colonies is unfaiouiableto tho establishment of a New Zealand Mint The public revenue is increasing, and the im] roved credit of the colony is shown by the enhanced value of its securities The negotiations between New Zealand and Victoria relative to the Suez mail service have not yet been completed An an ango ment haB however been entered into by New Zealand vv ith ¡Messrs M Meekan, Blackwood, and Co , of Melbourne, foi a six months service between this poit and New Zealand, to connect with the P and O Com pany's bouts at thiB pott A bill, whose object is the laying down of a cable between New Zealand and Singapore, has been read a second time in the 1 louse of Representatives In moving it, Mr Vo=el slated-" The Indian Government were willing to extend their lines so as to meet a new line, and concessions had also been seemed from the King of Siam Queensland, New South Wales, and New Zealand pro posed to be equally responsible for a tuai m tee of 5 per cent on £1,000 000 The cost of the cable was estimated at £1 200,000, and ill receipts ov er £1 200 w ould go to reduce the guaiantee The Queenaland Parliament had appiov ed the proposal, and the New South Walea Goveinment also approved of it, and_ would shortly submit it to their Parliament This will be an alternative line with the present A vessel ia being prepared in Aus- tralia for the sin v eye The Hon Dr Pollen has been gazetted Colonial Secretary, tice Mr Reynolds re- signed In connexion with the recent sen ice return, between New Zealand and San Francisco, Mr Vogel has stated in the Hou8e of Represénta- te ea that two securities for £23,000, from Messrs Webb and Holladay, were held by the New Zealand Government If Mr Webb refused to pay the penalties he had incurred, the bonds were good, and the Government would recover the money £10,000 had been already stopped from the money due to Mr. Webb. rui AND THE SOUTH SEAS . Ti)e news receivpd from Fiji during tho ,naBt few weeks is very meagre , but, such as it is itsiemBtopointto anarchy and chaos In last month's summary, it waa Btated that Paiharacnt had been dissolved During tho «cssion which then closed a weak Govern mont had been confronted by a powerful opposition King Cacobau refused to accept the resignation of tho Ministry when it_waa .Tnáered to bim, and decreed the dissolution T. waa expected that a Parliament would bo ..turned still more hostile to the Ministry The disaffection of many of tho white settlers tn the Government is by no means of recent Ante Some moncha ago it flared out into «rrncd rebellion, but a British man of war interfered, and a hollow peace was patched un Lwbctnbes of tlie lmtlvS8 m different naît? "í the kingdom have for some time h-cumi.-. mg on hostilities not only against 4ho w^itc settlers individually, but against tho Government itself King Cacobau, «ith much boasting of what ho would do, took the field against a number of theso rebels several months ago, intimating his intention of fighting "m 1'iji fashion" Perhaps his sympathy lay with his rebellious fellow countrymen rather than with the whites but, at all events, latest advices etate that bebas returned without complotmg the subjugation of the rebels While, there- fore there is a successful rebellion of natives on the one hand, there is so far as the white settlers aro concerned, a puny Ministry, and a "robably strong future Opposition, and tho members of the latter will be animated by a desire not to assume the reins of Govern- ment thcroBch cs, but to secure annexation of 1 lji by some foreign pow er King Cacobau himself, and most of the moro impor- tant chiefs of the nominally friendly tribes, moreover, are more or less openly inimical to the Government BO that the various hostile elements within the kingdom are ven complicated In the meantime the non existence of a stable Government is fatal to industrial progress within tho kincdom Another effort was being mado to establish a bank, and the Government was to give the promoteis the sole right to issue notes for 20 j ears The Vice Admiralty Court of New South Wales has before it a case which has drawn considerable attention The Melanie, ti vessel belonging to the firm of Robert Towns and Co, was seized by Captain Moresby for having on board 51 native labourers, contrary to tho provisions of the Kidnapping Act In defence, it was shown that under the circumstances, it was impossible for the owners to have complied with the act The routine of the business was explained, by which the men wero en- caged for the pearl fishery, and restored to their homes at the end of their engagement It was shown that though the captain of tho vessel did not, in 'torres Straits, know the provisions of the act, the owners in Sydney had applied to the Gov crnment here v amly to get a licence , and that the captain, hearing that some new law had been passed, had put into Somerset at Cape York, and obtained all the authorisation from the police magis- trate there It was further shown that had the master of the vessel known fully tho provisions of the act, and been sufficiently inhuman, he had nothing to do but to land his natives on any island and leavo them there in which case no cruiser could havo Stopped him But precisely becauBe ho was humanely and honourably bringing them southward, that they might receive their Stipulated wages and be restored to their homes, he was captured The Court has reserved its judgment NOTES FROM TnE SEA. W-IECK OF THE RlNGITOTO Intelligence has been receiv ed fromNew Zea- land announcing the wreck of the steamer Rangitoto, on the 30th July, in Cook's Straits The Rangitoto (which belonged to the firm of M'Mcckan, Blackwood, and Co ) left ¡Mel- bourne for New Zealand on Tuesday, tho 22nd July, with 19 saloon and 37 steerage passengers The telegram announcing the wreck states that the steamei kept too closo to the point at the entrance of Queen Chai - lotte Sound, and struck beauly on aieef, crushing in the bottom The fires w ere im- mediately extinguished, but the after com- partment of the vessel remained tight until the vessel ran ashore fortunately the weather was fine, and all hands weie saved by the steamer Wellington, which was near atliand The Rangitoto was launched from Messrs Laurie s j ard on the Clyde, in 18G5, and soon afterwards came out here for the Panama and New Zealand Company aa one of their intercolonial steamers When that companj was wound up, the vessel was purchased by-Messrs M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co The Rangitoto was insured in the Southern Insurance Company for £10,000, hut of tins sum all but £2 000 had been re- insured in the following comp mies -The Victoria Company, the New Zealand Com- pany, the South Australian Company, the Adelaide Compon}, the Derwent and Tamar Companj, the New South Wales Company, the Sjdney Marine Company, the Mercantile Jtanne Company the Pacific Company, and the Netherlands India Company. A MUTINi AT SEA The American Bhip William Tapscott, from Tiiderb} Island to Queenstown, Ireland, with 2 000 tons of guano, has put into Wellington, Kew Zealand, with the captain m irons On the vo} age the captain cut down one sailor with an axe, and another with a cutlass The crew then mutinied, and insisted on the chief mate's taking the command. In the quariel that followed, the captain was shot m the leg by the mate The captain gives the following v ersion of the occurrence -' Hie ship left Enderby Island on tho 9th June, and all proceeded quietly until the 23rd day, when the ship was off the Navigator Islands The chief mate then Bulked duty, and waa therefore ordered to his cabin The mate denied the cap- tain's outhont}, and challenged Ina powei to keep order He also asked that all hands should be called aft, in order to hear the grounds on which he was placed undei arrest His request was complied with, but the mate stopped the captain from explaining »lie matter, and complained to the crew that the ship was unfit to proceed around Capo Horn Heusedviolentlanguage.andthe crew also became violent, insisting on the vessel Leinc run tn the ne-irent nnrt The cantam Wing run to the neareat port The captain replied that ho did not think the circum- stances justified such a courBe, but if it fi-camo necessary he would adopt it The crew then refused duty After some nego- tiations between the captain and crew, the latter rushed the former, knocked bim down, pit lum in irons, and by order of the second and third officers confined lum in his cabin In the evening tho captain got the irons off one hand, and arming himself with the only available weapon, an axe, he went on the Toop Hie second mate threatened to shoot lum, and was about to carry the threat out, when the captain struck him with the axe on tue cheek The mate had previously fired »revolver shot from the main deck at the captain, but without effect A second shot, liowever took effect in the captain's left Inee 'Hie crew then began to pelt the captain with all sorts of missiles, and five other .hots were iii ed at him by the mate. Hie captain was obliged to go below, severely bruised, and since then he had been kept in his cabin under close arrest The whaler Robert Towns has been lost at iJartholomew s Island, in the South Seas »no of the crew wero drowned , the re- mainder reached Brisbane, in Queensland, uisafety Hie schooner Mary, coal laden, left New- castle NSW, on Thursday, 7th August, Mia waB struck by a squall off Redhead, and "isappeared A steamer went out to the -lace, but found no traces of the missing jessel All hands are supposed to have perished The ship Yorkshire, from Melbourne to w>n_on, had to put into Port Chalmers, J*ew Zealand on the 28th June, her rudder wing been damaged A new rudder having wen obtained, she resumed her voyage for tendon on the 11th July She had 183 pas «enters on board I., i0 ,oyn£e of the clipper ship Superb from "Huon was marked by an unpleasant ln »<n A 2n Ju,y 14> when between the Cape ,o Oood Hope and this port, she was caught \ tunouB gale from W N W , which con »HI about four da>s and at tomes raged th. t IUost lmrncane violence On the last I»f gn,e' while tho ship was running î!T0 «i a topping sea broke over the star it m. imlartcr ftnd earned everything before ,L t he 1)0(ly of water came vv ith overwhelm lk_ ?"? ,and smashed the wheel, burst m -i^8** _Çht- and deluged the cabin, besides »V?" gi ° _lcr damage on deck Mr Ayerst, _»__ i Iei officer, who was on deck at the :T,e> ""»d his leg broken near the hip joint Tu was incapacitated from duty Dr Cheyne, we surgeon of the ship, had his left arm _.«" a,b,ove tne elbow, and consequently X """ii9 to render surgical aid to the km t í_ Brady' tho fourth officer> and uur ot the saloon passengers, Messrs. flutchison lucas Hockey and Boyson were more or less hurt and contused but fortunately had no bones broken The suf fcrcrs arc doing as well as under the circum stances could be expected COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE Tilt MAILS The R M S S China Captain C G Perrins with the mails for ] urope India and China took her departure from Hobson s Bay on the morning of the 18th ult matead of the lGth, having been delayed in consequence of the heavy weather encountered on the way round from Sjdney The R M S S Baroda Captain D Rennold son with the British and foreign mails in wnrd anchored m Hobson s Bay on Saturday the 26th ult at 5 o clock m the afternoon three days before her due date STATF OP TltlM-, The trade of the month has been charac tensed by heaviness and want of animation Previous to the mail s arrival¡ complaints of dulness wero very prevalent indeed as the demand for merchandise oven for actual re quirements was so very limited this how ever is not so much thought of being com mon to the season After the receipt and perusal of home advices one or two special ties carno to be moro prominently noticed a circumstance which served in some degree to impart an impetus and rehev o the monotony experienced of a lart of its intensity but though a laige business has been done in the staple articles to which reference has been made tho improve ment was confined to these and has not 1 ecome general The declared value o si i¡ menls to Melbourne for May is £o70 000 showing an increase on tho month immo diatcly preceding of £24 000 an amoun which although including seasons soft goods could very well have been rodu ed without causnife inconvenience considering how amply w e are prov ided for already ana the fact points unmistakably to a continuance of dull markets for some time to come Ad > vices from China inform us of the pre 1 orations making for the opening of the tea season and what is lacking in our mail corres] ondence retarding shipments coming forward has been amply com i ensated by the cable rej orts coming to hand from time to time Over 20 vessels have been engaged for the colonies and it is currently rumoured that between 7 000 0001b and 8 000 0001b have already been or will be despatched at an early 1 enod of the season Vinongst the vessels so reported is one steamer (the Craig forth) which is confidently expected to arme within the next week or ten days at most Her arrival at Adelaide has been telegraphed this afternoon In anti eil ation of an early arru al holdera of last season s teas are now pushing salea last season's teas are now pushing sales moro freely, and wisely reducing stocks as much as possible, though compelled to accept very low rates to accomplish their object liom the other Indian ports little of any special consequence comes to us Three vessels are loading at Calcutta, and two vesselB with nee are coming on from Bang- kok With the advent of the sugar season the loadings at ¡Manilla for the colonies aro more numerous than usual From New York we are apprised of shipments of oil having gi eatly fallen off-a circumstance which has giv en satisfaction, as for some time past tho quantity advised has given rise to a good deal of uneasiness, being so much beyond requirements ¡Meetings of creditors have been held m several estates, however, they aie almost entirely in the retail busineBS, and cannot be strictly con- sidered as mercantile failures The trade liabilities m all are comparatively trilling, and the chief feature is tho extent to which these havo been added to by mining specula- tion Mr Henry Janies, draper, Elizabeth Btreet, showed liabilities amounting to £5,103, and assets valued at £3,004 Mi William Davies, clothier, Swanston street, showed liabilities amounting to £2,010, and assets valued at £1,050 Also, m the estate of Mi '1 bomas Cole, lock- smith, Melbourne whose total responsibility exceeded £5 000 though his trade debts wero most insignificant In all theso estates the assets would amply cover tho trade liabili- ties, the deficiencies having been caused by losses in mining Mr Geo Chandler, draper, Wangaratta, showed lnbihties amounting to £ 3,712, and assets estimated at £1,970 In all it was resolved that petitions should bo filed for liquidation by arrangement, and Mi George Home (of Messrs L}eli and Gowan) was appointed tiusteo m each. A meeting of the creditors of Mr William Mitchell, trading as Mitchell and Co, brewers, Richmond, was held a fortnight ago A statement, prepared by Mr Wr" Simson, oecountant, was laid before the meeting, which showed liabilities to secured creditors amounting to £0,111, who held securities valued at £7,550, the liabilities to unsecured creditors being £1,308, and tho assets, inclusive of the balance estimated to bo realised from those h}pothecated, showed a surplus of £1,798 An offer of 20s per pound waB submitted by Mr Mitchell, piovidedtime was given, but it was ultimately resolved to appoint a committee of four of the creditors to look into the estate, and report to an ad journed meeting At the adjourned meeting, beldon Inda}, it was agreed to accept the offer of 20s per pound, giving the required time time Tiansactions dm mg the month have, as a rule, been unimportant In Dundee goods business has been quiet, and buyeis dis- inclined to opeiate in w oolpacks, owing to the large quantities on the way Notwithstaud mt its being the height of the season, sales to the extent of 150 bales only have come before us, the price has dropped nearly a sixpence, and is likely to go lower still In coins icks, the quittance of only one line of 100 bales Ins been recoided The bujing season foi these, however, does not com menee for some time }et Candles havo declined a halfpenny per pound , moderate sales only have been made Cements aro rising in value, and the demand is capable of absorbing, with apparent ease an} thing that can come to hand-1000 barrels Knight Bevan's and 200 bairds of Goslings aro amongst the sales effected In dried fruits, currants have met with very considei able attention, and values have advanced neaily a halfpenny per pound Bieadstuffs have been very slow Flour has been slug- gish, and would have fallen doubtless had it not been sustained by the great scarcity of wheat, and the consequent high rates which the millers have had to pay A fair business has been done in feeding grams Oats have been fully supported, but maize has been subjected to fluctuation , after dropping Od pei bushel the maikct lalhed again and went back to previous quotations In metalB, galvanised iron shows an important reduc- tion m value Oils have been neglected, and ev en m kerosene wo can îeport little or nothing m the way of sales the only featuio is the ai m al of the North Amené in with 18,000 cases In rice, operations havo been of Borne importance , the caigo of Patna per Thurso, which armed early in the month, was Bold afloat, and subsequently about 120 tons were resold The cargo of Japan rice, per Burnside, about 000 tons and that of the Andreas, from Bangkok, have both been taken up by one bujer In salt we noto transactions amounting to 250 tons m addi- tion to the business done for ordmaiy trade purposes Transactions m sugar amount to 29 477 bags. the Ceres, just ai rived, bunts a small shipment of now Teas havo of late been more foiced on the maiket At the public sales 10,400 packages ex various ships have found their way into the hands of the trade In timbei, opeiations embiace the cai goes of deals by the Foreningen, Zantzka, on the spot, and of the Amazon's and other shipments to arru e, besides sales of flooring and lumbei In tobaccoes, 929 packages have been cleared off, chiefly as damaged In brandies the sales embiace 1,950 quarters and hhds Of geneva, some 5,000 cases on the spot, and 1,000 cases to anne (all JDKZ), have been taken up on speculation. l-\C_Il-NGF AMD MO\E\\. Iheie is no alteration whatever in the exchange rate this mail, 00 days sight diafts being issued at all the banking establish- ments in the city at I per cent premium The rates of discount aie maintained at G per cent for bills having 95 days to um, f percent, fur 125 dajs, and 8per cent over that currency. Interest is allowed at 3 per cent on six months', and 3i per cent, on 12 monta' deposit, fixed. STOCK AND STATIONS In this description of property the' follow- ing sales have been reported -Messrs Peck, Hudson, and Raynor report having sold to Messrs Simmie, Trazer, and Craig, the Marfield Blocks B, C, D, and E, in the Albert distnet, New South 'Wales, contain- ing 209,000 acres, at a satisfactory price Mr. Charles Brown sold an unstocked run in the Albert district, New South Wales, containing 06,000 acres, called Outer Netal- lie, belonging to Messrs. W. andE Kennedy, to Mr. Alfred Desailly. Messrs. S. Macgregor and Co. sold the Dunmore Estate, containing l8 084 acre=, to Mr Robert, fane at £2 17s per acre, with 40,228 sheen at 0s McBSra John Geo Dougharty and Co have sold for Mr Henry Ricketson, to Messrs James and Co, hiB stations on the anabranch of the Darling, known as Popilta Lake, Yallala, Manee Outer I.unllo, West Copago, and Last Copago, together with 2,500 cattle, horses, plant, and stores, at a satisfactory pnce Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and Co report the sale by public auction to day, uy order of Messrs l.dkins and At kinson, of the Lorquon station, in tho West Wimmera district, together with 12 800 sheep, horsoB, cattlo, drays, implements, i.c , to Sir John Affleck, also, privately, by order of Messrs W Sloane and Co , tho Glenorchy Estate, near Merino consisting of 8,271 acres of freehold land, wath good improvements, to Mr Archibald Johnson, of Tahara Mr George Aitken reports the salo by auction of the Karyrie and South Marlbed stations, with the stock depasturing thereon, to Messrs R M Ronald and Co , at a satisfac- tory price IMPORTS AMD EXPORTS The following tablo gives tho imports and exports of the port from the begin nmg of the year to the 2nd inst, as compared with the corresponding period of 1872 - I Import Exporta Week Eliding 1872 1873 1872. 1873 £ £ £ £ Jan 4 205,027 194,374 563,020 1,105,303 Jan 11 804,510 301 161 168,000 170,480 Jnn l8 187,240 300,358 225,602 108,611 Jan 25 250,530 202,202 875,6S4 120,715 Tob 1 403 127 459,152 070 300 850,075 leb 8 270,702 403,-01 177,707 184 693 K1) 16 108,022 307,278 215,509 221,717 leb 22 201,842 324,301 05,180 18.1,010 ilur 1 216,070 285,638 610,280 757,603 Mar 8 2.7,250 -11,487 301,109 172,209 Har 15 190,0.8 316 roj 40,172 100 082 Mar 22 lfl,Wr> 131,0-1 210 045 118 303 Mar 29 110 37 109 710 323,101 45.,Sr>0 April 5 146 00 13 ) 241 126,711 73,029 April 12 107,1( 1.8,r 13 142,020 102,170 April 10 13\. 700 210,0-7 01,322 110,130 April 20 161 003 243,610 351,941 400 509 Hoy J 178 080 350 837 54,822 60 120 Hay 10 238 827 285 801 116,105 41,810 Jlaj 17 221 011 205 002 150,325 211825 Ma} 24 04,000 211,103 343,130 319 858 Haj 31 235,433 221025 14,701 100,130 Juno 7 220,43-1 100,981 01,505 81 0C5 Juno 11 173 117 105,003 07,188 62 287 June 21 £00,200 207,013 040,008 479,053 Jin e 28 174,071 208,010 42,0.1 73,-10 July 6 240,329 257,165 -0,082 208 177 July 12 227 702 203 408 40,189 67,903 July 10 234,700 308 610 454,104 500,028 July 20 310 430 350,002 103,625 122,135 Auf 2 207,315 255,738 71,281 82,021 Totals 0 014,103 8,141,237 0,823,005 7,804,380 During the first period the account stood thus - Importa .£0,011,103 Exports . .. .. 0,823,005 Dalanco of oxports over Importa £209,502 Dunng the second penod - Imports .£8,141,237 Exports .7,804,380 BalMico of Imports over oxporta £270,857 Comparing the abovo periods with each other, the results are aa under - Importa In 1872.£0,014,103 Importa in 187.1 . 8,141,237 Incrcaso In 1873.£1,527,134 Exports In 1872.£0,823,005 Exports in 1373 . . 7,804,380 Increaso In 1873., £1,040,715 bTOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at -Melbourne on 2nd Auguat -Brandy, 0,003 hhd , 33,103 cases , rum, 1 Olli hhd , 298 COBCS , geneva, 83J hhd, 18,808 red cases, 2 801 green cases, whiskey, 984 hhd, 9,011 cases, gm (sweetened), 2J hhd , 3,824 cases , cordials 751 cases, spuits of wine, 17 hhd , other spirits 4 hhd , 7,780 cases , wine, 3 510 hhd , 12 529 cases, beer, l,837i hhd , 5 150 caBes and casks, tobacco, manufactured, 577 half tierces, 793 quarter tieicea, 8,070 three quarter boxes and boxes, 5,998 cases , do, unmanufactured, 151 hhd and casks flt cases, 885 bales, condies, 10 chests, G GIG boxes, cigars 1 034 cases , keiosene, 78 S9 4 cases , flour, 808 bats , cocoa and chocolate, 59 packages, tea, 0,448 chests (525,3271b), 40 %9 half chests (1.4G9 9811b ), 39,311 boxes (781,8G21b), coffee, 1030 bags, 95 tierces, 119 caaks, 440 barrels, wheat, 3 1G8 bags, su^ar-Mauritius, 22 328 bags, i 078 pockets , lava, 5,103 ba0s, 11,103 basketa 5,480 mats, Manilla 20 mats, other (refineiy), 1,477 tons , 341 cases and casks, opium, 128 packages , oats, lo 224 b igs , chicory, 272 packages, hops, 1,879 pockets, rice C3 05G bags , salt, 10.02G bags , vmegar, 249 casks, 1,781 cases DINKS A1>D PUDWO C0MPVNIE3 Bank of Victom -The half yearly general meeting of proprietois was held in the bank, Collins street east on August 5, ¡Mr Henry ¡Miller m the chair Tho directors' report stated as follows -"The boaid of manage- ment hove much pleasure in submitting the following statement of the business of the bank for the half}ear ending 30th Juno, 1873 Balance of undn ided profits, from 31st December, 1872 £13 798 6s 8d , net profits for half}ear, after providing for bad and doubtful debts, £37,500 10s Id ,-togethei, 151358 15s Id which the directois propose to appoition as follows, vi? -To dividend at 10 pel cent per annum, £25 000 , bank pro mises ¿TOOO, reserve fund, £15 000,-leav- ing £G,3_i8 15s 9d , being balance of undivided profits carried forwaid Three additional branches hav e been opened during the past half year for the transaction of general business, viz -Queenscliff Footsciay, and Prahran 'Ihe dividend will bo payable in ¡Melbourno on and after to morrow , at the blanches and in London on receipt of ad- vice " Ihe balance sheet showed that the gross pinfits for the half yoar were £75 013 9s lOtl and the current expenses (head office and 4G blanches with 12 sub branches) ¿38 084 19s 9d The balance to the reseivo fund amounted to £180,000 The report and balance sheet were adopted Messrs E B ?\\\ lght, James Blair, and Germain Nicholson were elected duectora were elected duectors Commercial Bank of Australia -The half jearlj meeting of shareholders of this bank vv as held on August 1 Mr James Service ni the chair lheieportwasas follows - The duectors have much pleasure m submitting the balance sheet as evidencing the steady progress which the bank is making in public favour and confidence and thoy consider that a companson of the figures with those of the previous half year will exhibit a result most gratifjmg to tho shareholdeis After placing upwaida of 20 per cent of the profits to the reserve fund bringing that account up to £28 000 making a liberal provision for contingencies and the usual reductions thoy are enabled to lecommend a dividend at the improv ed rate of 8 per cent per annum and to carry foi ward £3 41110a 9d to tho next half year s account Considering that the new capital waa only pud up in tvvo instalments on 31st Januaiy and 31st March last and that it carnes tho full dividend foi the st montbs the directors take this oppoitunity of congiatulating those shareholders who so promptly responded to their invitation to m crease tho permanent lesources of tho bank -he balance sheet show ed a credit to profit and loss account of £1G 911 10s 9d pro posed to be appropriated as follows -lo dividend at 8 pei cent per annum £8 000 to îcductiono- pieUmmary expenses £500 to reduction of stationery account £o00 to contingency account £1 500 to reserv o fund £3 000 to profit and loss new nccount ¿3 414 10s 9d Hie íeport and balance sheets weroagieed to Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria (Limited) -The half yearlj meeting of shareholders of this institution was held at tho Melbourne Athenäum on July 31 Sn I rancis Murphy in the chair The report of tho duectors stated that tho gross profit foi tho half year inclusive of £1 093 17s balance brought for ward from last account amounted to L10 534 15s 5d After paj ment of all current charges mtereat on debentures and deposits and making prov îsion for bad and doubtful debts there remained a balance of £0 376 13s lOd out of winch the directors proposed to pav a dividend at tho rate of 10 per cent per an mini on the paid up capital of the company and that the balance of £1 370 13a lOd be canted forwaid to the novt account Hie business during the past half j ear had largely increased hut great difficulty had been ox penenced m procuring safe investments and a largo sum had consequently remained un employed and unproductive whilst the rate of interest on mortgage had been reduced ni consequence of the abundance of money The dividend would be payable m London on receipt of advices Hie report and balance sheet w ore adopted Melboumo and Hobsons Bay Railway Coinpanj -The half j early meeting of the Melbourne and Ilobson s Bay United Railway Company was held on Auguot 5 Tho lion I T A Beckett was m the chair The follow ing was the íeport of the directors - ' The board of directors havo much pleasure in stating that the receipts from passengers and merchandise present a highly satisfactory increase over tho corresponding period of 1872 itR will be seen from the following com pal ison -_ Passengers ¡40 301 11 0 52 44» 0 Merci andlso l8 645 4 0,22 000 13 Gross He-cell ta 07 620 10 8*70 03) 15 Sj £ 8. el 0 057 1« 7 3304 0 0 O 40S 15 7 To meet the extra accommodation ro quired it has been found necessary to order 10 new camagcB which aro being constructed in Melbourne in addition to those placed on the line in December last The merchandise traffic returns BIIOW that 111 320 tons wero conveyed being an increase of 5 000 tons over the quantity carried dunng the previous six months and 17 000 tons in excess of tho traflic for the corresponding ponod of 1872 Your directors mentioned m their last report that as a preliminary to entenng into nei.o tuitions for the purchase of tho railway tho Government had requested and obtained permission for the engineer in chief to exa minc and report on tho condition of tho hues of the company, and since the laBt meeting permission has been asked for and fciv en to the audit commissioners to examine all the books and accounts of the company 3 hese examinations havo been made and the results reported to the Government but the directors have reason to be heve that it is not intended at the present time to make any offer for the pur chase of the companys property The engineer reports the rolling stock and per manent way to be in good working order Ihe number of vessels that hav e discharged passengers and cargo at the company a pier dunng the six months ia aa under -1 oreign vessels G? colliers 8 intercolonialBteamers 115 total 215 The receipts for the past half} ear after deducting interest and work nifc exi enhes leave a balance of £22 041 Is lid lins would admit of a dividend at the rate of nearly 8i per cent per annum but the directors are of opinion it is most desirable that the reserve fund which has been greatl} reduced within the last few years be matenally augmented and therefore recommend that a dividend at the late of G per cent per annum be declared which will absorb £1G0U and that £5 000 be carried to the reserve fund leann0 a balance of £1 000 Is lid Hie balance sheet showed that the receipts for the half } car amounted to £7G 929 15s 3d including paasenger traflic £52 449 Gs 4d and goods £22 484 11s 9d The woikmg ex penses were £11470 17B 7d leaving a 1 alance of £15 152 17s 8d which deducting interest £13 411 15s 9d was reduced to 122 0411s lid The balance to the reserve fund was £8 377 5s 2d The report and balance sheets were adopted A hope was expressed that tho directors would not relax then efiorts to obtain something like justice from the Government in relation to the whaifage íateB and to the expense of keeping theroilwaj pier m pioper repair A vote of thanks w aB passed to tho directors Austialosian Insurance Company-Hie seventeenth general annual meeting of tho shareholders of this company was held on August 5 the Hon Captain MacUahon in the chair The directors reported that the liquidation of the assets of the firo and manne branch was progressing favourably Hie balance to the debit of revenue and ox penditure account on 30th June was £20 151 12s 5d On tho hfo branch the directors sttucei that the usual financial statement for the past half year showed a surplus ter that period of £8 G29 2s 7d They proposed to pay 10 per cent interest on the shareholders capital for the year ending 30th Juno last The balance sheet showed that tho funds in hand on the 30th June amounted to £97 487 0s Od During the half year the claims paid amounted to £300 the surrenders to ±.1 880 0s 4d and cash bonuBes paid to policy holders to £401 3B lOd The report and balance sheet vv ere adopted and the retmng duectors re elected National Insurance Company of Austial asia-Hie eleventh ordinary general meet nig of this company vvas held on August 7 Mr Moubraj m the chair The report was as follows - Youl directors m laying beforo jou their eleventh report would advert to the fact th it since our last meeting the largest lire ever known in Mclbourno has occuned by win li jourcompmy was i veiy heavy suflciei "Notwithstanding this the BU-phiB exhibited in the balance sheet (Si 87 J lrs ) is sufficiently largo youl directors con ceive to justify them in recommending the usual dividend Tho sum of £000 will meet all outstanding hibilities and after that and the proposed dividend havo been deducted there will remain £3 029 los 4d to cairy forward to profit and losa new account 1 he balance sheet showed the losses by fire dining tho half year to havo amounted to £5 793 Is 2d llie piemiums ícceived during the same period liad been £S 930 13s 5d Two of the shareholders Mr rergusson M L A and Mr Couche c.pi cssed an opinion that such a div idend should not bo declared alleging that tho company bad not sufficient funds in hand to reinsure all its risks Tho report howev er vvas unanimously adopted and the dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum de clared Victona Insmance Company-Tho four teenth annual general meeting of this com ] any vv as held on July l8 Mr Henry Miller in tile ellan T he report stated as follow s - The business of the company for tho past j ear has resulted in a balance to the credit of piofit amounting in the life department to £10 817 13s Id and in the insurance and sav mgs branch £18 5fo Is 7d , togetbei £29 382 11s 8d Out of tins balance of £°9 382 1 la 8d j our directors now declare a dividend of 10 per cent which dividend will amount to £4 000 and also a bonus of 2s per share which will amount to a like sum of £ I 000 making together 20 per cent on tho l aid up capital and amounting to £8 000 The balance of £21 382 Ils 8d will bo carried to the ci edit of pi of it and loss The chair man called attention to the somewhat extra ordnmy fact that the company had now in re8erv e in the life assurance branch separate from all other portions of tho business £119 230 Is 8d which was in fact an amount £119 230 Is 8d which was in fact an amount to the credit of what he might call the íe BCIVO fund The íepoit and balance sheet weie adopted The Southern Insurance Company-Tho half ycaily general meeting of tins company was held on the 4th mst The lion D Mooie was in the chair The directors report was as follows - Your directors are enabled in piesenting the statement of ac counts and balance sheet for tho half year ending 30th Juno last to congratulate you upon a continued improvement in the state of the company s affairs The premium ac count shows a satisfactory increase and the amount of unsettled losses is less than at any coriesponding period for some j ears past Tho balanco at credit of under writing account being estimated as moro than sufficient to meet all know n outstand ing claims and to cover current IIBICB your directora aie enabled to lecommend payment of a dividend at the rate of 7_ per cent per annum The balance sheet showed the revenue foi the half jear to havo been £57 438 11s lOd including £23 770 2s 3d 1 alance from prev ions half year £31 017 9s 7d net premiums and £2 OJI 3S interest and tiansfer fees Iho expenditure had been £28 728 Is 4d including £17 002 2s Id marine loss 1872 account £0 173 Is marino loss 1873 account leaving a credit balance of £28 710 5s Od 1 ho assets included loans on moitgago £f0 C03 14s lOd and fixed de ¡osits £45 000 Iho repoit and balance sheet wero ngieed to New /calami Insmance Company -The following report of the directors foi the half jeal ending May 31 1873 vv as adopted at the gcneial meeting of shareholders held at the company s offices Aucl 1 tnd, on Wednesdaj JunelS - Hie directois in presenting to the shaieholdeis the balance sheet of the company for the past half year havo the satisfaction to report that after paying or making provision for all ascertained losses and aveiages to date they aro able to declare the usu ii dividend of 10 per cont poi annum Carijingout the puneiple inaugu lated in 1870 and referred to m their twenty third íepoit your duectors have made the furthei and substantial addition of £15 000 to (lie re insurance fund which now stands at £4o000 They have also added £10 000 to the íeseive fund The I al i ice carried for waid to the next half year after the payment of dividend amounts to £9 045 5s Manchester Unity Insurance Association - The thud annual meeting of tie guarantee branch of the Manchestei Unitj Insurance Assocation was held on Tuly 29 Tho report foi the half year stated that the accumulated profit account stood at £07 15s lOd Tho amount of capital paid up was £203 15s , and the actual cash to îepresent that sum aft« paving all expenses amounted to £322 10s lOd , the cash profit mado being £58 15s lOd or a gross profit of 22$ per cent for the three j ears during which the society had been m existence The committee recom mended the declaration of a dividend at tho late of 10 per cent per annum on the paid up capital The report was adopted and the dividend declared Australasian Plate glass Insurance Com pany-The half yearly meeting of this com pany vvas held on August i The report for the half jeal ending 1st June showed that notwithstanding the fact that tho "break tiges exceeded in amount those of the previous half }ear the company was owing to increase of business still m a position to declare another dividend equal to 10 per cent on the poid up capital The report and balance sheet were adopted Mutual I ife Association of Australasia . The following report was submitted at the annual meeting held in Sydney on the 30th ult - The directors report with pleasure that the Act of Incorporation became law on the 14th January last The fourth year of the operationsoftheassociationhasbeen attended w l'h marked success The annual premium income on the 30th June 1872 amounted to £7 595 Ila 7d and on 30th Juno 1873 amounted io £1091G 9a Gd showing an m creaBe of annual rev cnue from this source of £1320 17s lid The proposals submitted since the 30th Tune 1872 havo been 545 for sums amounting to £18! 850 of which 15° were declined or not completed for sums amounting to £58 2J0 le iv mp 380 completed for sums amounting to £1*>3 G00 and further completed 11 pro I osais prior to 30th June 1872 for sums amounting to £2 2o0 making a total of 397 proposals for sums amounting to £12o 8o0 for which policies have been issued since last report The policies m force at tins date consist of- 43 paid up policies amount ing to £19 200 la 4d 88j assurance policies amounting to £2J9 100 83 endow meut poll cíes amounting to £11 300 one annuity policy (deferred) £o0 Total 1012 policies assuring £ 129 G5G 9s 4d 1 our claims hav e been paid during the ¡car amounting to £1325 of which one for £300 had accracd at dato of last rei ort os therein mentioned and three other claims for £1 150 havo arisen and are awaiting iioof 1 he premium ii ome now amounts nsabove stated to £10 91G 9s Od City of Melbourne Gas and Col e Com I any -11 e 23rd annual general meeting of the shaieholdeis of this company was held on July 2J MI Moubray in the chair The directore report stated ns follows - Ihe amount at credit of profit and loss viz £9 038 lGs 7d is apportione 1 as foi Iowa -lo dividend at 8 pel cent per annum £9 200 to carry forward £438 10s 7d lotal II G l8 K s 7d \ our directors regret that the increased cost of coal and material with othei untoward circumstances have during the i ast half j car much inn eded opciations nevertheless the efficiency of the works m every particular lias been most carefully attended to The rcpert and balance sheet were adoj ted Ihe Collingwood Gas Compan} -The half }caily meeting of the shareholders of this com] any was held on July 30 Mr G naiker m the chair Iho directors reported that whilst the advance m the ince of coals and other maUiiuls 1 id veiy senously affected the profitable working of the company dilling the i ast six months yet the oxtension of tho the j ast six months yet the extension ot tho companys business had Bomewhat compon sated for it and they confidently hoped that the reduction in the price of gas which had just been made would result in an increased demand foi purposes of cooking as well as lighting Duimg the half year it became necessary to make provision for storing a much larger quantity of coal as tho best security against any interruption of the coal supply The amount at the credit of profit and loss enabled the directors to recommend that the usual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum with a bonus of Is per shaie bo declared Hie balanco to credit of profit and loss account amounted to £4 757 lös lid The report and balanco sheet were adopted The South Melbourne Gas Company -The second general meeting of the shareholders was held on July 31 Mr 1 Joyce occupied the chair The directors m their report con gratulatcd the shareholders on the compte tion of the first section of their works on the most modem and improved principle con sistent with true economy and also on tho increase of consumption notwithstanding the opposition of the Melbourne Gas Com pany in reducing their price fiom 10s per 1000 to 5s lOd Of the 20 miles of mains laid down in the original plan 17 had been laid and gas was now being supplied fiom them That with the mains in process of being laid and those in the bay would bring the quantity up to 20 miles-thus leaving only six miles to complete The chairman stated that during tho three months in winch the Tjompanv had been making gas a profit of £485 18s Od had been made lhe report and balance sheet weie adopted ?Williamstown Gas Company -The half jearlj meeting of the shareholders was held on AugiiHt C The report and balance sheet showed that the profits realised during the ] aBt six months had been somewhat less than those of the iieviouB balfyeai owing chiefly to the mci eased pneo of coal The amount received during the half year for gas sold w as £1131 Is Od beBides which £47 9s lOd had been derived from coko and tar I ho general balance sheet showed that the reserve fund amounted to £2 330 los 3d A dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum w is declared Geelong Gas Company-The half yearly meeting of the company was held on August 4th Mr Challes Ibbotson piesiding The re) ort showed on working account a profit of ti 198 Is %] as against £1 912 8s 5d for half year ending June 30 1872 beingareduc tion of £491 0s 'Id accounted for bj the in cieased cost of coal on the one hand and a reduction of 2s Gd per 1 000 feet in the puce of gas for the month of June on the other / fter placing the sum of £2 0 to the deprecia ti n of plant a balance of £1 218 Is 8d re mained from which the duectors recom mended the payment of a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent pel annum It was elicited that in June 1872 the total consumption of on« linrl lv-.l 1 014 000ft which at 15s gas had been 1014 900ft, which at 15s amounted to £730 5s 4d and for the corro spondmg month in 1873 the consumption had been 1107 270ft which at 12s (K1 amounted to £072 13s showing that tho increased consumption had not giv cn incrcosedievenue Ihe report was adopted, and the dividend deelaied Riverine Meat - preserving Company, Echuca-The half}early meeting of this company was held on August 7 Mr John Cochran was in the chair Tho directors' leport Btatcd that the continued high prices nilmg for stock had rendered it impossible to w ork at a profit Under these circumstances, the dnectors could only say that they wero piepared to resumo operations as soon as the pnces of stock enabled thom to do so advau tngeouslv '1 he company s agenta in London repoited most favourably on tho quality of the preserv ed meats, for which tho highest puces were obtained 'Hie profit and loss account showed a ciedit balance of £39 Gs 8d Tho leport and balance sheet wero adopted '1 lie Langlands Foundry Company -Tho half} early meeting of tho slioreholdera waa held on July 31at Mr Langlands in the chair A statement was presented showing that the liabilities were £73 009 12s 9d , and that the íeceipta, including a calculated balance for the coming six months of £35,375, were a like amount During the six months ending lune 30 1873, tho works executed amounted to £29 069 la 4a , and the purchases to £31 029 12s Gd The wages paid to foiemon and workmen amounted to £10 729, and the stock and unfinished work on Decembei 31, 1872, amounted to £10 308 17s 7d , to bo balanced against stock and unfinished work on Juno 30 1873, amounting to £31 70114s 9d Opera house Company -The first half }early meeting of this company was hold at the opera house on July 22 The balance sheet presented showed a piofit on tho half }ear's proceedings of £1,701 lGs 5d , which the directors lecommended to bo applied aa follows -In reduction of preliminary ex- penses, £400 , to now profit and loss account, £1 101 10a 5d -£1,703 10s 5d The report and balance sheet wero adopted The Ballarat Woollen Compiii} -Tho half }carly meeting of this company was held at Ballarat on July 31st The directors' repoit showed that the total numbci of shares sub- scribed for was 8,311 and arrangements had been made to mvito applications for the pur- chase of 15,000 of tho 31,089 unallotted shai es, the terms of paymentto be b¡ foin instalments of 5B each 'Hie maiiuFacluiing manager reported that even with the present ma chmcr} he believed he could eairyon tho maniifuctuieof woollen goods at a fair profit ovei the w oi king expenses Thoropoitsand balance sheets weie adopted Melbourne Woollen Mill Company-Tho half jeail} meeting of this company was held on August 8 The dnectorB, m their repoit stntuiç that taking into consideration the unavoidable difficulties and necessary ex penditure attending the launching of a new manufactory it was very gratifying to find that, after a careful and special valuation of the whole propeity, a credit balanco of £1,104 4s öd remained in fav our of the corn pan} Since the last leport the factory had been constantly at woik and all the cloth received fiom it had been readily dis- posed of. Some of the new machinery had aimed, and it was anticipated that before the close of the current half year the factory would be m thorough working order The first issue of 3,000 aliares had been allotted, repiesentmg £15,000 of capital, of which £11 340 14a 3d had been paid up, loavinga balance of £3 059 5s 9d , which was being paid by monthly instalments The directors had decided to offer tho second issue of 3,000. bnrcB to the present shareholders, and if unallotted after the end of September, they would lie offered to the public The report nnd balance sheet were adopted. Third Victoria Building and Investment Socio'v -The annual meeting was held on Aug 0 Tho report stated that the number of shares secured during the year was 234i, and tho number redeemed 313. The profit on the transactions of the nine years amounted to £80,264 14s 2d, and tho balance of profit per share was thercforo £43 18s 8d , which added to nine years' subscnp tions would show a total v alue per sharo of £9718s 8d The balance sheet stated that the redemption fees paid during tho year wero £17,596 10s, while the amount debited to charges account was only £728 15s Od The report and balance sheet wero adopted Australasian Equitable Permanent Budd ing and Investment Society-The annual meeting of this company was held on the 7th inst The report and balanco sheet showed that loans to the extent of £14,222 8s 4d had been granted, and the repaymentsdurnig the 1 j car had amounted to £17 207 10s 7d The gross surplus was £22 578 13s, and tho reserve fund now amounted to £12 7s 8d on each of the 1,128 shares held in the societj A change w as made in the constitution of the societj m order to afford greater facilities for lending monej on terms to suit the conveni- ence of borrow ers THE BANKS The general abstracta showing the averago amounts of the babilities and assets of tho following banks, taken from the weekly statements during tho quarter ending tho 30th June, 1873, have been published in tho GOICÍ nment Gazette - THE LONDON CIIAUTEUED DANU Liabilities -Notes in circulation not bearing lu tcrcst £137,003 Hi lOd , bills In circuhtlon not b.ir iuK into, cat, £11)84 Ka Id lnlan.es duo to other banks, £1 201 9s Od , dopo_lt_ not boartinr in tcrcst, £378,001 14s 3d deposits bearing Interest, £605 489 3s Cd Total amount of liibllltlcs, £13.6,30210s Id Assets- Coined gold and silver and other coined metals £.14 070 0s , (.old and silv cr m bullion or bara JC_2 0__ 09 5d , ! .nded pro pcrty, £101122 4s 4d note» and bills of other links, £15,072 Us Od , b iKncos duo from othor billks, £15,059 3s 8d , amount of all debts duo to tho liank including notes lulls of exchange, Mid all stock and funded debts of every description (Inclusivo of an average of £45,882 3s Id of Oov eminent debentures), excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,670,709 10s 3d Total amount of asset«, £1,040 055 14s 2d Iho return also Includes-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho closo of tho quarter ending SOlh Juno, 1873, £1,000,000 , rato of tho last dividend dulared to tho shareholders, 8 per cent per annum, amount of tho last dividend declared, £40 000, amount of tho ro serrod profit, at tho timo of declaring such dividend, £108 808 2s 3d B-vNl. Ol AUbTRALASIA, WITHIN THE COLONY Ol UUIOUIA Liabilities -Notes In circulation not hearing in tcrcst, £101,829 ISs lid , bills In circulation not bearing Interest, £11,883 12s , deposit, not bearing ii tcrcst £838,100 15s 8d , deposits bearing Intel LSt, 080,516 ISs 3d Total amount of llatllltlcs, J.2 02" 305 Us lOd Asscta-Coined gold and siller and other coined metals, £-110 009 13s 4d , cold and silver In bullion or bars, £39 109 3s 5d , landed proporty, £87,000, notes and bills ol other banks, 22,8r 011s Od , amount of all debt, duo to the bank, Including notes, bills of c ..hange, and nil stock and funded uobts of over j description, excepting notes, blllB, and balances duo to tho said bank from other banks .1,000 09214s 3d Total amount of assets, £2,520.988 2s 01 Iho return also includes-Amount of ttio capital stock paid up at this date, £1,200,000 , rate of tho last divl dend declared to tho shareholders, 10 per cent , amount of the last dividend doclared, £00,000, nmount of tho rcscrv eil profits at tho timo of declaring Bildi dividend, £128,190 ENGLISH, SCOTTISH, AND AUSTRALIAN CIIAUTI.UED RANK Liabilities -NotcB in circulation not bearing in- terest 1.-0,-41 J2s 3d , Kilaiiccs duo to other banka, torcst 1. .0,34112s Jil , lialatiecs iluo to othor bunks, £27,22JOs 1U1 deposits not bearing Interest, £311,032 0s 4el , deposits bearing Interest, £170,235 0s Od lotal auiijiiiit of liabilities, £458 732 3s Assets - Coined told and Bilver and other coined motáis, £7J,lo7 12s , landed propert}, £22,814 10s 8d , notes and bills of other bmks, £10,755 Ss , balances duo from other banks, £0,003 6s Oil , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of cv erj description, excepting notes, bills, and batanees duo to tho Bald bank from other banks, £704 085 15s Od lotal amount of assets, £820,600 7s Hil Hie return also Ineluiles-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at the closo oï tho quarter ending 30th Juno, 1871, £000,000, rate of the last dividend de elarcd to tho shareholders. 7 per cent per annum, amount of tlio last dividend declared, £21000, amount of tho reserved profits at tho timo of declaring snell dividend, £32 500 BANK OF VICTORIA Liabilities -Notes In circulation not bearing in terest, £311,170, bills In circulation not bear tug interest, £14,52.1 Ila Od ¡ bvtaucea duo to other banks, £02 878 3s lOd , dopoBits not bearing interest, £1,311,040168 7d .deposits bearing Interest £1,341,030 lotal amount of liabilities, 43,045,101 11s 2d Assois.-Coined gold and silvor and other coined metals, £300 05113s Id , gold and Bilrcr in bullion or bars £113 4070s Oil landed property £117,10711s lid , notes and bills of other banks, £33 83714s 4d ,bulanees duo from other banks, £170,213 2s 7d , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of oi cry description, excepting notes bills and b ilanees duo to thu said bank from other banks, £2 0.2 703 11s lid Total amount of assets, £3 718 011 Oa 7d 'llio return also includes-Amount of the capital stoek 1 aid up at the closo of the quartci ending 31st _llarch,1873, £500,000, rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, 10 ner cent por annum amount of the last dividend declared, £.5 000 amount of the reserved profits at tho time of dcclnrmi- such dividend, £105,000 NAIIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA Liab'litics -Notes in circulation not bcarinir in tei est, £141,718 18s Oil billa In circulation not bear ing intcicst, £° 041 5s 7d , balances duo to other banks £11,710 Is Id deposits not bearing interest, £10154017« 0d deposits bcarine' Interest £111033 Is 7d Total amount of liabilities, £1,100.01) Is Oil Assets-Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals £190 858 18s lOd , cold and silv or In bullion or bars, £24 554 09 lil landed propert}, £80 420 7s lOd , notes and bills of other banks, £.0,084 7s , balances duo from other bulks, £b 100 12s 2d , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of c\chati|_o, and all st iek and funded dohts of ever} description, excepting notes, bills and balances duo to tho said bank fr nn other hanks, C1,205,832 11s lOd Total amount of assets, £1,041,403 l8 Tho return also includes-Amount of tho capital stock pild up at the closo of the quarter ending 80th Juno, 1873, £000 000, rato of tho last dlv Idcud declared to the shareholders 10 per cent por annum amount of tho last dividend do clam!, £ M 000 , amount of tho rcBcrvcd profits at the timo of declaring Buch divldond, £207,075 13s HIL V ICTORIA BRANCH or TUG B VNK Or NEW SOUTH WAI I S Liabilities-Notes In circulation not bealing In teresa, £145,511 16s 6d , bills In circulation not boar nut interest, £3 308 10s Sd , batanees duo to otlijí-i b inks, £10,053 11s lid deposits not bearing Interest £018-08 18s Oil , deposits bealing Interest, £784,332 ia bil Total amount of liabilities, £1,502 515 lia 2d Assets -Coined gold and bilver and other coined » tniu iMrr Trr ?* rl crntil and sill ci m bullion or metals, £165,175 2s 6d , gold lind sill 01 in bullion or bars, £05,121 3s 6d .landed propcrtj, £47,000 Us lOil , notes mid bills of other banks, £21,137 10s Oil , balances duo from other hanks, _ 19,707 10s 7d , amount of all debts duo to tho hank, including notes, bills of cxLliangc, and all stock anil funded dobla of o\ cry description, excepting notes, bills, and bal mecs due to the said bank fiom other bankB,£1,50.,480 14s lil Total amount of assets, £2,217,0751% lOd Tho return also includes-Ainoimtof tho capital stock paid up nt tho eloso of tho quarter ending 10th June, 1871, £1,000,000, ruto of tho last dividend dcclarod to the shareholders, 15 per cent per annum, iinoiint of tho last dividend declared, £75,000, amount of tho io served prouts at tho tune of declaring such dlv idend, £.(33,333 0s 8d .lllE COMMLIICIAL HANK Ol1 AUSTRALIA (LIMI1I D) Liabilities-Notes in ch dilation not bearing into rcbt, £101,228 Ills 3d , bills In circulation not bearing Interest, £1,605 17s Id , balances duo to other banks, £12,880 Is Gd .deposita not bearing Interest, £317,913 1"B lOd , deposits bearing Interest, £308 010 Os Id Total amount of liabilities, £814,07110s 2d Assets -Coined gold and silver and other coined motáis, £61,612 48 Od , gold and silver in bullion or bars, £84,1(0 17s .c1 , landed piopertv, C10.399 15s 9d , notes and hills of other hanks, £21,021 is , balances duo fiomotlici bunks, £6,055 3s Id , amount of all debta due to tho bank, Including notes, bills of oxchango, and nil stoik and funded debts of e\ erj description, o\ i Lpting notes, bills, mid balances duo to tho said bank fiom other banks, £_08,0S0 4s Od Total amount of iih.ets, £1,013 1419i Id llio return also Incítalo. Amount of the capital stock paid up at the eloso of the quarter ending 80th Juno, 1873, £200,000, rate of tho Ia6t dividend declared lo tho shareholders, 7 per cent per annum , amount of the last dividend do clarcd, £5,f00 , amount of tho reserved pioflts at tho time of declaring such dil idend, £28,015 7s 3d UNION BAM. Ol AUblltALIA Liabilities -Notes lu circulation not hearing in- terest, £97,779 Os Id , bills in circulation not bearing interest, £11,530 18s id , balances duo to other hanks, £2,305 17s 7d , deposita not bearing interest, £029,310 0s lid , deposita bearing Interest, £877,172 1rs Oil Total amount of liabilities, £1,038,19112s 7d Assets-Coined gold and siber and other coined metals, £386,853 Os lid , gold and silver in bullion or bars, {.10 0_0 10s lOd , landed piopertv, C01.000 , notes nndbillsof other banks,£15,2îl)11s M ,l> dances duo from other banks, £9,580 6s Od , amount of all debta duo to tho bank, including notes, hills of ox change, and all stock and funded debta of eve . dLseilptloii, oxecpting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho sahl bank from other banks, £1,103 161 4s 9d Total amount of nssots, £1,920 915 10s 8d lhere turn also Include«-Amount of tho capital stock p ild up nt tho closo of the quarter ending SOth Juno, 1873, £1,260,000 , rato of tho lost dividend declared to tho shareholders, 13 per cent per annum , amount of tho last dlv Idend declared, £81,250 , amount of tho ro- sen ed profltB at tho time of declaring auch dividend, £485,779 10s Cd MELBOURNE MONTHLY STATION ruoDucE îu.roiiT. Messrs li. GoinBimo.au and Co report .-" Wool -Tho sales during tlio month hav o boon unimportant, the total disposed of being about 190 bales, consisting chicflj of odd lota and remnants Prices do not shaw nnj material alteration, nor la there llkoly to bo any chango until tlio opening sales of tim now clip, to willoh buyers a-_ now beginning to look forward, .hearing operations having already commenced on several of the larger stations in Riverina. Trom all that we can learn, this season*« growth of wool nil! prol»bh bo the bust that baa been produced for nnny Sear«, I he Bhtcp general!} haUng l>ccn maintained in excellent cn ml i lion throughout the jear, tho grass anti herbado timing been most abundant-in fact« snell a fa\oitrablo season has seldom been expe- rienced in Australia. The ruins which fell at Intervals throughout the last summer presented tho feed being ao much burnt up as is us mil j tho case, and on many Btatlona the grass ha« continued fresh and green i consequently the sheep 1M» o not been tuipo\criBhcd lu condition, and their fleeces must nccecsarih bo Bound and well grown. HIL advanced rates which havo beut gainod at tha I Jul} sale» in London havo had a reassuring effect, and I it is hoped that tho quotations row ruling will bo maintained It set ins probable that finn prices will rule lu the succeeding salts of tho year, as tho lata 1 telegrama ad\isc that monty is moro abundant, and trade generally lu an apparently healthy condition Wo note that during the February and Mareil, and April and Ma} eaks, 02 000 Inloa moro Wero offered Uian in the corresponding series of sales of 1872 ; and as this >tars inqwrtations Into London from theso colonies aro not likely to exceed those of list j car, it follows that tho succeeding" salts of the year will be relieved to a considerable extent through the lessened quantity tint will bo offered for Bale lids should ha\ o a fat ourable clTtct on prices, and an impression that tho quantities to bo offered at the Bales towards the close of thomar will bo less than usual, has doubtless contributed towards causing the firmness and brisk competition which h-uf prevailed at the July nales The following shins hava clnrcd for I omi on during tho month -July 14 Calcutta (additional clearance), 113 biles , Jul> 22 .Norfolk, 462 balts, Jul} 24-fchannon. 1,011-1,010 ; add previous shipments, 221,173 Total-lut October, 1872, to date, 224,783. Prices Current -The following quotations aro nominal, as the season has no1 jet commenced Grcasj- Inferior, 7d tobd .ordinär} to n\cragc, Sid to 10d , good to superior, 10jd to Is Id. 1 Ittte- Washed, inferior, Is Id to Is 2d , ordinary toa\crago, Is. 2d to Is f»d , a\erigo lo good la 6u to Is fed , superior, Is 0d to 2s ¡scoured-Inferior, Is. to Is. 2d , ordinir}, Is 3d to Is f>d , middling to good, Is (k1 to Is. Sd , superior, Is Dd to 2s. hbtcifeUns - Since our last report the ».des hu\o been well attended, and all skins tomine forwaid meet with read} btilo at prices which may seem high, but the bulk of thu lot« now offering IMUU almost 12 montliH growth of wool Our nales ha\u boen butcher» »kins at fs (x1 to 8s eich, und dry station bkins 4d to 8.1 ptr lb binco the last indi airhcd there bis been a slight fall in prices Hides-Ihe unfavourable news of thu declino hi \ ilue of le Uhcr in I n^l uid h tu hud a di pressing tffeet on the hide market here, md we must quote a further reduction Therein however a tfood demand, and all cornihj, to bund um be read ii} disposed of to lotal consumers Incoa nnj be quoted as follows -Grecu oxhides, 24s to Ls each . cowhides, 1 te to 23s , wot salted 4d to fjd peril) kangaroo skins aro also lower lu \aluo, cspcchll} sin ill sUtS, hut largo, hea\\\ skins still Etll at from Is to Is Id »crib, and small and medium at from lOd to Is per lu Leather. \- Our salts during tho month havo been limited, and at reduced rates Wequoto kip, Is Bil to 2s 2d; calf, 2s Od to 3s (k1 , trop lOd lo 11 Jil , harness. Is. to 1B k1 , kangaroo, Is lOd to 2s 2d ptr lb 1 allow. -During tho past fortnight tlicro his been * considerable decline in the \aluo of tallow, caused thitflj b\ the prtacnt high rato of fnlfeht to Loudon, which has now risen to bOa per ton binco our last report wo havo poid about 03Ü casks, and our present quotations aro- Mutton, ¿.lito ¿35 , beef, JL¿ t to JuM f>s , mi\ed, £31 to £J¿ , Inferior, C25 to JL20 per ton. Ihe elearancta arc-Juh 14, Calcutta, for London, 2 009 casks Jul} 22, Norfolk, for Ijondon, 213 casks ; Jul\ 24, Shannon, for London, 4Ur> tasks, total, 2,727 casks, Presen ed Meats-1 ho hi^h ratea ruling for fat stock havo interfered vet) material!} with tho ope- rations of tho different compunit«, and the,) havo all, with one exception, ceased pitsmlug f>r some timo pist Ihe Melbourne Compui\ »till continuos to a limited extent, but apparent)\ moro with tho viow of keeping the works in order rather than from any prospect of satlbfuttor} icaults >\hcn tho market rates for stock are more moderate, no doubt tho different factories will a¿ain ícsumowork 'I ho returns from shipments havo not boen oncou rnglng but probubl} the sliort supply will soon have tho effect of causing flnucr prices in tho Luglish market Great interest is taken In the shipment of fro/en meat hy tho Norfolk, and should tho experi- ment pnnu successful, tho futuro value of our sneep nient prove aucccssiut, mo iiituro .auto vi our tjucui> uml cattlo will bo established ou n limier biala, and the woolgrowers and gnuicrswill ha\o tho certainty of pn¿ nliln rtturn« í»r their «urphis «lock, Irrespectlic of tho fluctuations of our local markets Tho follow- ing shipments of meato UH.U but» uiiwloto Loudon during thu mouth -Jill} 14, Calcutta, 1,024 eases; Jill} 2.1, Norfolk, 2,r>0r> cases, and 2 tanka frozen meit: Jill) 2I, Shannon, .¡,832 cases lot ii, 0,301 cuaca, and 2 tanks frozen ino it. Messrs HASTINGS CUM_.OIIAM and Co report* " Mool -Since tho dcpirturo of last mall business has hctu con fin wl to sales of small pírcele of fell- mongers Beoureil au-frenti-anta of tilpa, of which 220 bales Inn e bcui disposed of b) publie auction, realising full niatket uduc Hie se won eontlnucs to ho \cry favourable, and at tho carl\ sheds Bhcarlng opemtiona aro alrcadv in progress, Tho prospects as to quality and condition of tho new eil» tu o thu best oxporkiieou, for main 3cars past, and with Uno weather, consign incnts from tho Ki.crino districts ma> bo o\peetod to an h o lu Melbourne at tho end of tho present mouth. rncoiirnglng rcpoi ta per telegram of tho J til) Borles ot Bales in London hav o tended to glv o increased animation to this market, and should the resulta of thu remain- ing Bales ol the v. car provo cquiill) satisfactory, \\\ ool growcrs maj be assured tint a hkhl) prosperous benson ia lie fore them Otu quotations of vahío oí tho different descriptions aie tis íoltow -Greis> - In- ferior to medium, 7Jd to lOd per lb , medium to good, lOd to 12d , good to superior, 12d to I4d. Scoured-Inferior to medium, lid to 17*1 , medium to good, 18d to 22U , ¿,ood to superior, _.2d to ¿Id ; 1 leece- Inferior to medium, 14et to lud , medium lo good, 17d to 20d , good to superior, .¡Od to 2rd 1 rekhts aro Btcad) at ono lialfpennj for gicas). and 1Hc eighths of a pcum for washed pT lb, with au upward tend one). Iho phil menls Blneo last rcpoit »ru as follow» -Fiom liol son s lim- Calcutta, 1 -Mi biles, cleared Jnlv II ; JSoifoll , ii.2 bales, clctred Juh JJ, Munition, 1,045 bales, cleared lui. 2. Total, 2,782 bales l'imiou« slii] incuts -12 _. ft hales Ixp. its foi Loudon 216,0.7 bales, America, ll,faiU balen Total ship menta furn 1st October, 1872, to -Mi Jul), lb7J 2-0,1) U 1 ales ConeHpmuling peril d 1871 72, 214 052 Inks, 1870 71, 210 r>2r> hiles, lblJ1 70, -IU,820 hiles, 1808 00 ..II f»70 hiles, 1MÏ7 08, 202 111 lulus, 1800 C7, lü7,¿7f> hiles iho Inn lint m, 1,000 hiles, and Lai lisle Castle me now loading Sheep si nu. -Our tales dining the month wero vvol attended bj bujeta, who took a lai^u quiutltv a 1 igh rates I »Ich, brue,cr, pikes showed a Blight tendeucv to detline but, owing to the well gunin wool now on HIL skins and Ibu stead) demand, wo an tkltnti thnt the market will spLc-dll) lecoioras far as butchers' t,icen B1 ins aro concerned, which wo haiosdd at from Is to 7« Od each, and div stitlou si ins from id to7jd per lb lil ha-\ full supply found purchabcrs ainony.t the loe ii trade at pikes in fin our of the bli) ora Oxhides sold at from 28. to I2a each, cow hides, lbs to 22« each wet salted hides, fiom k1 to 6jd per lb , calf-kin**, from 0d to 7d per lb The exporta of leather amount to 401 hales Tallow -High rates of frdght foi this artulo haie precluded binéis for Bhlpmcnt oporitlnjj to ni)} extent, and consequent.) quotitiona do not show au improvement upon tho declino repotted hist month \N e h i\ e disposed of ..HO talks mutton, foteh Ingfrom JL-.Î1 to SUV* per ton , beef, from JLÏ2 to £.14 per ton , mixed, from i.28 to £32 pel ton Iho sid la- ments aro 2,727 casks foi Loudon Kangaroo skins lia\ e been dull of s do except for primo skins Quota- tions aro fiom lid to lid per lb , ot from Ja to 10a. peí dozen ' Messrs J II CLOUOII and Co ropoit -"Wool - Since our icport b\ Inst mail business lias remained in the same dull condition, usual at this peilod of tho \car There lune been about 200 bales olTored at auc- tion, thu bulk of which found bujersat \or> full ratos Direct telegraphic udikea per cabio of tho London Bales opening at an ad\ aneü und progressing sntlsfae toril), w ith further impnn ctnont in priées, hav o gl\ on great sat! H faction here The prospect of tho cti9tif tig wool dip bids fair to surpu-8 au\ preceding ouo, for with nbiiiidaiico of feed und unter the Bheen lime had no cheek, und the Mool will consequent!} be without lirculi, mid being lontrcr ingrowth, ft Inrgoi propor llim than usual will during the coining season bo of a combing eliarnctcr bhcnring has been commenced on soniu of the statiotiB in the northern dlstriets, mid In a. few \i eci.a vv ill hceomo jouerai thero, mid In about a month's time the Unit instalment-, of the new clip w 111 he in town Hie shipments siueu otu last ha.e been Jills 2¿, nor Norfolk, 410 hiles, J ulj 21, per Shannon, l,0i>0 do adilprciiouSKiilpniclitifromUctoborl, 1872, todnto,-..... Olido , making» lo1 I to dato of 22 I COI do. Sheepskins - 'Uio various siles of the mouth havo been well attended, und a largo quantity of both green and dr} skins lune been sold , priées havo bhown some lluetuations, and our litest sales a deeline upon pi e\ inns rates Neirlj nil tho skins coming forwaid uro of a \or\ superior eharaetor. I'rcfaent quoliitions aro for-einteilen, green BMIIH 4S. (k1 to 7s Od , drj »kum ia to fls , and station skins Oil to gd per lh Hides -lJurliifc tho month thoro lins been a largo business dune, thu loe ii tanners taking all o-Turlng Priées hine Unlimited al tho varlouB salei. mid a dcellue has been es1 ibllslicd upon the rules ruling at the dito of oin last month.} ru- pert Our present quotations mo for-Oreen ov 27s to lue , eow s 17s to .Us nell, w el suited I ¡il t/v r _d , and calfskins (k1 lo 7_d peí Iii fallow -Thora bus been n considerable quantity offuiiiiL, In tho market, mid the high rntu mid scueitv oí freight prcetudo shlppeis flinn upending e\ecpt at lowor rates which nineo the dato of our last havo boon established Wo ha»o disposed of 110 cisks at tha ft-lowing priées, vi/ -lor inferior, Lit to £29; inked, MO to Uli 10s , mutton, £1.1 to £.11), unit beef, V\2 to £11 per ton leather-Wo have held four nuetIon sales smeo oin last, mid lune brought forward a lnr(,o qunntiti to largo attendances of bujera, and li i\o sold ciopntlOld to UJd , kip, Is Sd U>_!B ¿Jd , calf, 2s (id to Is , wallah}, 2s 01 to Js Jd , brown k innaloo l8 lOd to 2i ljd , blaek kangaroo, 2a 2d tu ¿s Oil , runners, 2a 2d to 2a Od ; and harness, 1 Id tu IM pel lh , and li ead», 7« to 13s. nor do¿en Kangaroo Skins-Dining thu month a largo number lune been olTered In the market, und cousideniblu sales made ut the following quotations, uIllili show a dululu upon pioilous intis, ii/ -For small, fid to lOld , medium, lid lo lid , and large, l-!Jd to lid pel lh Mliiiosi llirk-Woliavo diB poHcd of boiernl lots at-foi ehopped, £J 10s to £4; andgioiuid, U> to 1.5 10s per ton l.KVIKVV OV Tim STOCK AND SIIAUE MAltKET Mo lmvo to report a lnueh morolivelv iinidltlon of this market during the past month than foi somo eoiisldorahlo timo piovlousl} 'I hu diilness whieli provailed ni tho iluto of oin hist repoit w is soon nftor diBsipited b} an nctl\o deiiiani) fur a good tumiher of mining stocks, mid transaetlons hive been both numo 10UB and of good ixtcnt 'Uio iinprovoinont has been cauacd h} favourahlo developments In somo of tho lending mine», and though, as uBiial, thero havo hoon a good man} lliictuntloiia In values, cloBlng prleos generall} Bhovv an improvement on oponlug ratos. ?Tile pilnclpnl chungeB hnvo Iieen lu Lothair, Long Tunnel, Nowlngton, Now North Clunes, North CroBB Hcct, l'rlnco Patrick, Lxtotidcd Uustlor"» Frcohold, Lxtended HiiBtlors Irlbuto, Garden Gully Frcohold, Golden l'locco Comnanv and Tributes, Johnson's, North Johnson's, North Old Chum, and Ko}al UustlorB, all of which have nd vniiccd Alma Consols, Crown Cross, and intended Hustler's Company have roeeded llank shares havo, heen in good roqucst, hut orders to inirehnso shares li iv o been difficult of oxccutlon, owing to tho unwlllliignoaa .I holders to sell even at thofii'l rites obtainable. Debentures have been a trifle easier Gas companies bjares also lower the high price of coals and In the case of the Melbourne and South Mclbourno com petition at Emerald MU, affecting thom ln]u riously Insurance snares show little chance. Tho half yearly meetings of many of the publie companies have been held during tho month, and the statements submitted to the share- holders show In nearly Ml cases satisfactory progress. Tho dividends declared will be found noted below, and fiuihcr particulars of the balance-sheets in another column Tho increased business of tho Commercial Bank has Induced Iho directors to call on extraordinary mooting for the purposo of Increasing tho capital hy the Issue of now shares, In the proportion of ono for «very four now held by existing sliarcholdeni Tho advantages of the now issue will DO open to all share holders registered on or before 21st inst. Tho mining dividends for tho month amount to £01,098, as will bo found particularised below Debentures -Victoria Government BIX per cents, dealt in to a moderato extent at £1151.8. for bonds doo 188- , bonds due 1883 lather easier, and quitted at ÍU. to £112 10s., bonds duo 1889-carco, and would Bud buj ore at £117 15s, do do flvo per cents not offered New Zealand four per cents changed hands nt £01, and obtalnablo at nmo Queensland four per cents, placed te a good extent at £02 2s Od , and at iprico withheld New South Wales II» o per cents changed hands at £103 to £108 12s 0d, but closed easier Banks -Ballarat have had a quiet but firm market, sales £7 7s Od., closing buyer £7 0« sellers £7 8a Colonial halo had an improving market throughout tho month , sales up to £8 2s 0(1« closing with buyers at this price, holders asking £8 ia. Commercial havo also advanced during tho month, and close in roqucst, Bales from £5 l.s Gd. to £0, cum dlv at rate of 8 per cent. Lund Mortgage sold to a moderate extent at -7B.. cum dlv , snares not plentiful in tho market National, Melbourne register, continuo to moot a good demand at full rates, sales £0 10s Od to £7, closing buy or at latter rate, seller £7 Is , do, Adelaide and London registers, saleable at proportionate rates. New Zealand dealt In to a small extent at £10 IBs , and Now South Wales at £17 10s Uulon chanted hands at £6115s cum du , and closed with seller at £50 ex dlv Victoria havo been in tai our. and placed toa good extent at £1910s to £50 (.um dil Gas-Shares dull Bcndlgc offerod at £7 10s Collingwood have lasod, and aro offered at £0 17s Od ex div Mclbourno baie also receded, and aro ob tainablo at £_ 15s ex dlv for old issue, and at £3 8s tor new Issue South Melbourne have had a dull market, sales to a small extent at 12s Od lnsurati-O, Ä.C -Australian Alllanco have had a limited business at about 50s , and closo with seller at .__. National hal o been in fair request, with sales at 3s 3d to Si. Od , and aro still wanted at about same Southern changed hands to n moderate extent at 18s to 18s Cd. emu dil at rate of 7¿ per cent .and closo with seller at 18s ex div M and II B U Ilallwaj ha\ o been sold at about £60 and havo sollor at £57 Melbourno Meat preserving Company not mentioned for business Langlands foundry hail a limited busl ness at £10 5B , tln.se shares not often dealt in Other misccllanous stocks without quoted business Mines.-Ballarat and Other Districts-Alma Consols have had a fluctuating market during tho month, sellers ranging from £0 5s to £4 17s Od., closing about £6 5s , Os paid in dividends during tho month Band and Albion Consols quito nominal at about 26s Boiler Block Horse hal o hod a very limited business but closo nominally higher, sales rango from 80s to 40s , closing seller nt 4_s Bonshaw have had a limited business at £11 to £11 IBs, closo at £11 buyer, £13 seller City of Ballarat halo had a com Sarativoly steady market but with onlj limited uslncss, sales 31s. to 35s Od, closing about latter Clunes Consols nominal at 40s Curl sando halo had some little Inquiry at low rates, sales 2s (k1 to 2s Od Crown Cross further receded, and were quitted down to£41, hut closed uith a Blight improvement, £42 10a being offered and £45 asked, £1 dividend declared Doi onshlro had business al 7s Od to 9s cum dil of Od , but close quiet at 7s Od buyer, 8s Gd bcllcr ex dil Lagithawk Union. Maldon, continuo depressed , somo Binall silos effected nt 80s to 40s, but the) close dull at 37s seller Golden Beef havo been dealt in at very lluctu atlng rates , opcniii), at 70s, thoy advanced to 87s, and wcro altern irds quitted down lo 00s, Anally dosing seller nt this rato Good Hope 'funnelling would lind buj cr at 80s, sellers prices too w kio to permit ot business llopo haio been In Iniproicd request this month , sales from 11s to Kis Gd , closing w ith buyer at 15s , Boiler asking 17s , mine prospects reported better Leviathan have a quite nominal market, bin or 00s , seller 05s Long Tunnel hal o had a linn market shares holng dllh-iill to obtain at nominal rates , a sale at a prleo withheld (about £127) closing buj ers £125, sellers £180 cum dil of i.2 IDs Lothair nero In good favour, and advanced from £5 to £016s , but have eased during the 1 ist few days, and closo with seller at £0 Lothair Lxtendcd hod a speculative demand, and rose from 2s Oil to 0a Od , but hal o eased again, and close at 5s Od sellers Magdala havo had a dull mnikct, shares quitted at 55s Newington and Pica salit Crock opened with sales at £6 10s , carne after wards into speculative demand, and were s rid up to £10 6B , but baie sinco cased, mid close with sellers at £810s forpald ups other ÍBSUCS at proportionate rates Now North Clunes opened with a dull market, und wcro quitted don n to £01, but have since improved, and tloso buyer at £00 North Crobs Reef liai o further improved In nominal market laluo, buyers price having advanced from £S1 to £85 , shares too firmly held to permit of business Nuggotty Alliance price Having acivanccu irom juai tu _ww , ÖU-UU; firmly held to permit of business Nuggotty Altinuce wero placed to ft fair extent at £7 10s to £8 12s Od , and closo with seller nt latter, buyer about £8 Park nominal at 7s Od to 83 Prlnco of Wales Sobistopol, quitted tit 7a 3d to 8s Gd Prince Patrick havo largel} advanced during the month, sales of contribut- ing having been mado ftt from 30s up to 08s , and iiftld up to 75B., closing bil} cr of paid up at 76s Re omi, Haddon, had a limited business nt 30s to 40s Saints have further improved this month, sales nug ing from 20s to 80s, casing at closo to d39 seller South Cross havo had a dull market, and rccedod from £17 to £13, closing seller nt latter, buyer £12 Sultan, Blackwood, had an activo but temporär} demand, and roso from £7 to £0 9s , closing with seller at £0 TookC} havo had a vory limited bus. ness at £11 lus to £14 109. for full siluro, closing seller at latter United Albion and Prince of Wales neglected United Hand and Baud, doublo, sold to a vcry8ninlloxtcntat22s Od to-Us., closing with Bellerat 23s Urited Ovens nominal at 20s seller, first dlv of 4s paid Walhalla changed hands at £202, and at prico withheld Winters Freehold havo had a dull market, and quitted down to £21 Sandhurst-Albort 1m prov ed in cxpcclion of striking reef In lower lovel, and wero Bold as hii-h as 20s Gd the stono proving small and not so rich aa expected, Bhnrcs cased to 23s , but Dually closo at 2Ss Av ondula nominal at about 4a Gd Bonati without business. Arcadian im Iirovcd from 2B Od to 4a , closo quiet about 3s Gd luffalo Head Coinpan} had moderate business at 4a Od to 7s Gd , but cased baik to 5s Od , Tributo have fallen hito neglect Bellera about 5s 3d Cathcrlno Ilccf asked for at Os 3d , sellers 10a Od Cornish United Inquired for. about £75 , no salea reported Cullen s Tributo further recodod from 2s to IB, and closo dull Ellesmere nominal at about 13s 0d Seller Extended North Johnsons have had vory limited business at 8s to 7s 3d, closing 7s Od sollcr Lxtended Hustler a rreehold rocoded In the carlv part of tho month from ¿ia to 20s , but ha\o Binco stead..} Improved, mid closo about 82s Gd Mino prospects improved Fountain Head havo had a lluctuating markot varying with the j rospects of the Albert, Bales rant ing from 5s Jd to GB 3d, roecdlng Binco, and quitted down to 4B 8d , closing about 4s lOd Carden Gull} rreehold havo had vv Ido fluctuations lu Í.rices owing to vaijlug reports, shares quitted as aw as 17s , and since sold up to J7s , closing about 20a G G Consolidated havo been in Improved ro quest, and Bold at 10s Gd to 12s Gulden 1 leece hav o hod consldcmblc husluess at fluctuating rates , opening at 80S , the} receded to 85s , rising nineo to 0,i3. Gd and llnnll} closing ftbout 05s Considerable pírcela of shares havo changed hands, only Is dividend piid this month Do Tribute No 1 nominal, about 7s Gd seller Do Tribute No 2 roccdod from 11s to 0s Od , but have Binco Improved to opening nrlio Do Tributo No J havo been in good favour, anil hadnumo ;ous sales at from 14s (II to ¿0s .closing about IDs Gd Great Extended Hastier s havo had a quiet markot with a limited business at £0 Is Gd to £0 0s, closing about £6 l8 ! 3s paid for first fortnight, in futuro dividends only to bo paid monthly Do Tri bute No 1 continue to çxncricnço ft fitful markot, having risen and fallou again sovoral times durlnif tno month , every littlo chango in the mino Immediately ÏÇflÇÇvÇd. ill tUC lllnrkot, s-ilos lnvo rangedbetvvoon 42s fld and 60s , closing about 47s Od Hustler 9 Reef havo been quiet at about last month s rutes 81B , but close bil} or 82s Johnson s Kccf Tributo hav o latterly been in good denium!, and havo rliion oonsldorably BaleB range from 2s to 8s Gd, closing abo it Ss Gd Imperial Hustler's Trceliold eold to a limited extent at Gs to 1è 8d John son's Kccf hnvo had a moderato extent of bual ness at sales ranging from 78s to 80a closing quiet nt about 81a Koch and Hlldobrandt Tribute had a limited business at 8s 3d to 0s , but close dull about 8a Od Lazarus had a few transactlona at 20s lo 21s , and Lazarus No 1 Coinniii} at 21s, but both closo quiet, 2s. dividend nala by No t Company New Chum and Victoria had a quiet markot, «Ith a few sales at 48s to 40s , closing seller at laltor-Is. Gd dividend paid, do Tribute havo had a rather fluctua- ting market, sales ranging between £37 and £3310»., closing in Improved request at £35, dividen 1 of 80s Iiald Now Hoon vv Ithout business North Johnaon s ia%o bad a Btcad} market at hardening ratea , shares placed from 25s to 27a. Gd , cum dlv of Is., closing firm at 27s Gd ex di» , mino looklngw oil for moro fre- quent dividends North Old Chum-Tho discovery of a. huge mid apparent)} rilli reef In tilla compaii} «[.round induced largo transactions in tho shares and nrlccB rapldl} rdviuiood , sales from 80s Gd to 40s , closing about4Gs Old Chum havo had nHli|_htbuslneBsat 233. to 25s Princess Dagmar vv oro In improv od roqucst, and roso from 10s to 15s, and closo about Ils Itichnrd Ilcalcs hav e had a quiet market at ISs to 10s Do Tribut« neglected Hobin Hood would find buyer iiicnnra neale« um o m«, uiiuiuvi,_,._-v..-__o _- _.._. Do. Tribute neglected. Hobin Hood would find buyer i about 8s.; seller 9s. lloyal Hustler's cum Reserves ! Ños. 1 and 2 openod dull, and roccded Irom 41s. to 84s. Od., but owing to improved yields tho stock have como into good favour, and shores have changed hands to a largo extent at rising rates, sales being made up to 57a Od., closing about 55s. Bt. Mungo Hill havo lind a limited business at Ds. SKI. to Os. 3d-, closing nt latter. A now company Is being formed /or an univorked portion of the company's , lease. Union Tribute lind a moderate extent of busi- ness at 2s. 3d. to 28. Od., closing about latter. United Persovcnuicenominalaliout 10s. Unity sold toa limited extent at 31s. to 32a Gd., but closo dull at 31s. seller. Victory changed hands to a moderato oxtont nt 24s. to 25s., closing quiet. Wilson's neglected. Tlio mining dividends declared during tho month ending August 0 amount to £01,098 4s., of which £47,210 14a. aro from quartz and £13,887 10a. ' from alluvial companies. Tlio dividends In detail arc as follow :-For week ending July 29 Alma Consols, Maryborough, 5s. per 0,000th, £1,500 : Bond of Hope, Maryborough, IB. por 0,000th, £800 ; Eaglehawk Union, Maldon, Od. per 22,000lli, £550; GoVleu lake, Smythesdale, 0s. per 4,400th, £1^20; Black-hill, Ballarat, 2s. per 2,480th, £248; Koch's Pioneer, Sandhurst, Is. per 30,090th, £1,500 ; Now dunn and Victoria, Sandhurst, Is. per 25,000th, £1,250; New Chum and Victoria Tributo, Sandhurst, £1 30-. per 800th, £1,200. For week ending July 26 :-New North Clunes, Clunes, £1 per 2¿>5Ct-i, £-,O&0 ; Eastwood's Quartz. Sandhurst, £6 IS«, per 21th, £188; Lazarus No. 1, Sand- ton-, la. per _5,000th, £2,250; Central Catherine, Sandhurst, £20 per lOUi, £-00 ; Great Extended Hust- ler's, Sandhurst, 3s. per 28,000th, £4,200 ; Johnson's, Btndhuret, Is. per 28,000th, £1,400 ; Cornish, Dayles- ford, Uta. per 1,300th, £690 ; North Cross, Stawell, 10s. per 10,000th, £5,000; Wilson's, Marong, Oil. per 82,000th, £800¡Seaham,Maryborough,5s. per0,000th, £1,600 : John Bright, Maryborough, 2s. per 6,000th, £000; Eldorado, Smythesdale, £8 per 80th, £040; Parker'» Extended, Gordons, 2s. per 10,000th, £1,000 Tommy Dodd, Malmabury, 3d. per 10,000th, £125 Golden Reef, Ballarat, 7s. Gd. per 3,200th, £1,200. Fo week ending August 2 :-Alma Consols, Marybo- rough, 4s. per 0,000th, £1,200; Arg} le. Lintons, 0s. per 3,200th, £000 ; Golden Fleece, Sandhurst, Is. per 20,000th, £1,000 ; Victoria Gold Mines, Sand hunt, Is. per 20,274th, £1,013 14s. ; Hansel Monday Tribute, Sandhurst, 4d. per 24,000th, £400 ; United Ovens, .Beechworth, ia. per 2,000th, £400 ; New .Chum and Victoria, Sandhurst, Gd. per 26,000th, £0_!5. For week ending August 0 :-John Bright, Mary- borough, 2s. per Q.OOOth, £000; Seaham, Mary- borough,' 4s. per 6,000th, £1,200;'North Garden Gully, Sandhurst, £100 per 24tb, £2,400: Paasby, Sandhurst, £64 per 24th, £1,536; North Johnson's, Sandhurst, Is. per 22,000th, £1,100 ¡ Devonshire, Castlemaine, Od. per 24,080th, £000 ; Lazarus No. 1, Sandhurst, Is. per 45,000th £2,250: Crown Cross, Stawell, £1 per 2,lG0th, £2400 ; Hansel Monday Tribute, Sandhurst, Gd. por 24.000th, £000) Long Tunnel, Walhalla, 60s. per 2,400th, £6,000 ; Johnson's, Sandhurst, 2s.i0d. per 2_ÛKMth, £3,600; Venture, ?lamiMon, 8d. per 24,000th, £800; Cornish, Dayles- ford, 10a. per 1,800th, £650 ; Oalate», Scarsdalo, £1 3s. Gd. per 2,100th, £2,407 10s. The districts from which the abovo mining dividends were derived rank as follow in order of amount distri- buted, viz.:-Sandhurst, £27,36214s.; Pleasant Creek, £7,10» ; Maryborough, £6,000 ; Smythesdale, £6,337 10s.; Gipps Land, «£0,000 ; dunes, £2,050; Dayles- ford, £1,850 ; Ballarat, £1,448 ; Wood's Point, £t>00 ; Castlemaine, £725 ; and Ovens, £400. The total mining dividends for the several mull periods since January 1 Btand thus:-Four weeks ending January 25, £70,201 ; February 22, £81,000 ; March 22, £00,388 ; April 10, £07,601 ; May 17, ' £02,061 ; Juno 14. £80,004 ; July 12, £76,022 ; August 9, £61,008 ;-making a gross total for tho year to dato of £505,145 reported by public companies, to whicha considerable further sum would require to bo added for private companies and for public companies not reported. Tho dividends declared hy public companies other than mining sinco the departure of last mail aro as fol- lows ¡-Bank, of Victoria, 10 per cent, por annum ; Commercial Bunk of Australia, 8 per cent, per aunum ; Ballarat Banking Company, 10 per cont. por an- num ; Land Mortgago Bank, 10 per cent, per annum ; Collingwood Gas, 10 per cent, and bonus of Is. per Bharc ; Melbourno Gas, 8 per cent, per annum ; Gee- long Gas, 10 per cent, per annum ; Williamstown Gas, 8 per cent, per annum ; Southern Insurance, t\ per cent, per annum ; AuBtruIosIan Life Insurance, 10 per cont. per annum ; Langlands Foundry Company, 8 per cent, per annum ; Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Hallway, 6 por cent.; National IiiBuranco, rate of 8 per cent STOCK AND SHARE LIST. _MONDAY, AuonsT 11. 1000000 Viet Gov. Bivvy, (local), 0 per cent. 800000 Viet. Government (local), 6 percent. 100000 Melbourne Corporation, 0 per cent. 10000 Ballarat Water, 8 per cent... \- iliallarut Municipal, 0J per cent. \- (Collingwood Gas, 0 per ccnt. 60000 Melbourno Ga«, 7 nor cent,.. 80300 |Mclb. & 0\. B. United, 8 por cent. 185400 ¡Do., 7 per cent. 153300 .Do., 0 per cent 100000 ¡Do., 6 per cent. 20000 iNclson (N.Z.) Qov" 8 per cent. Lost i __. <3 g PuliLIO COUFAMIES. dlv. percont per Closing Prices. £ £ £ HANKS. 1 £ }VJ-7Ï 6500C 10 10 6 1 Bul. Bnnkg. (Limit) Do., new issuo .. 10 43760C 10 0. Colonial of Austral. 8 8J-81 220000 10 4 Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited).. 8 6J-6 100000 10 2 Mclb. Bunk Corpo- ration (Limited).. - - GCOOOO 6 4 National of Austral. 10 7 1000000 20 20 New South Wales.. 12i 471-48 600000 60 26 fVictorla(Mcl.reg.) ( Do. (London reg.; j 10 481-60 GOO0O0 10 2 Lund Mortgage . OAS COMPANIES. 10 25-23 80000 10 7 Ballarat 12 12 24008 5 6 liendigo 0 n 14090 6 5 Castlemaine 5 76000 6 5 -Jollin'w'd & Fitzroy f!a}'lcBford(Llmited) 10* 10 2080 10 6 12i - 24430 5 4 Geelong 10 0 ( B 3 ) c 8 3P lil 210000 \ 6 5 V Melbourne J. 8 110 10 S \ 8 INSU-IANCR. 126000 5 1 Austral. Flro& Mar. 10 25000 6 Australasian Lifo 10 40000 ß, ï Australian Alliance. 10 21-21 10250 _ll national Fire InBur. 8 3s. Gd. ? 100000 5 1 .outhern JiiBiiranco 71 18s. 40000 50 1 Victoria Lifo 10 3-3J 100000 50'26 I Victoria Flrofc Mar. MISCELLANEOUS. S 30-31 17876 10 0 GippB Lnd. StcamN. 8 37600 10 71 Mnrltlmc & General 1 Credit Co. (Limit.) 121 - 884G0 \- ! 6 Moth. Mcat-Prcsrvg. 10 3 12383 60 50|Mclboumo Exch'ngc 0 17 12000 1 1 1 Studley Park Bridge 6 - 7000 20 20,VIctonan leo | 1 RAILWAYS. 121 22 634700 60 f 0 Iclb.&Hob.BayUd.; G 64-57 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT Tim AROUB omeo, Monday Evening In the import market, businc-s as a rulo has been quiet chaiacter have been reported, and beyond tho ordinary throughout the month, veryfow transactions of aspecial routino of supplying trado requirements littlo has been recorded Bulk ales havo been quite dormant Bottled nie and stout liavo also been Blow Dundoo goods havo been quite neglected Boots and Bbocs have not been much dealt In Candles ara lower Cements aro higher Chemicals oro very slug- gish Chicory only obtains trilling notico CofTco lias not altered. Confoctloncry, cordage, Ash, gun- powder, hops, malt, oils, oilmen s stores, provisions, quicksilver, du not call for any particular comment Fruits have advanced Brc- utstufls have hung heavily Wheat Is dearer of late Oats havo boen supported but maize has fluctuated considerably In metals, business has been dono at declining rates, moro especially gulvonlscd iron, which has been sold at very low priées In rico, a largo business has been done .alt has also met with fair attention Sugars hal o not been 60 brisk Teas havo recently boen moro pressed on the market. Tobaccocs havo not been active Timber has been largoly sold Wines aro Steady, but a largo trade in brandies is reported Ale and Stout.-Bulk ales have Bhoivn 110 improve ment tlirou^hout, the demand has boon of tho most languid description, and sales havo bean closely restricted to supplying actual requirements Bass s has been quoted at up to £0 10s for ¡miall lots, but whon larger parcels havo boon taken Importers have been compelled to bo content with £S 10s to £8 15s Tlio trade demand for Joules has enabled the nichts to maintain tlio price for small parcels at £0 to £9 5s , and thero has been no need to f,ct quit of larfco lines at the concession which must of necessity bo made to the heavier buy ers Mardan s lias been in slow Balo at £8 12u Od 1 or tho Carlisle Company a ^0 continue to quote £8 IO* to £8 [15s For btalncs nie nud Berry s Lion brand £8 is now a full quotation Bottled ales nave benn 11101 lug very quietly, indeed, save for tho moro favounto brands, thero has been comparatively no inquiry and even the ox ctptional business referred to has boen of a trifling character Tennent s has been quitted nt 12s Foster s has been maintained at 12s Od Bloods would reallso 12s Bya__s, trinnglo brand, is suleablo at 12s M'Lwan'fl is quoted at 11s 9d to 12s, bl t of lato there has been littlo of this brand offering Dev enisli is valued at 11s Gd Jolfroys command 11s tolls 3d Aitken s has been Belling at 11s , for Arrol s vi 0 quote 10s Gd to 10s. 0d Bottled stouts havo not altered Burke s and Edmonds s pig brand halo been moi Ing at 13s Foster s has been selling at 12s Gd Of 0 i'riçi) B dagger brand sales havo been making at He. Gd tor champagno and 12s 3d for common bottles Wo havo not heard of any Bloods bcliife offered , wo quote 12s By ass s can be bought at 11s 3d to IIB Gd,nnd Arrol s may be worth 10a Gd to 10s Od Bogging -Tilla market has been wonderfully quiet, influenced ns It has been by the heavy shipment« ad 1 (Bed In tho beginning of the month the nominal quotations for woolpacks stood at 4s 4Jd to 4s Gd , and about 50 bales wcro cleared off at 4s 3d to 4s .Id As the month progressed, lines of 40 bales and of 05 bales wero quitted at ia là«1 > but BÍHCO that it has been almost impossible to effect sales An attempt was made a fortnight ago to press oH a parcel of 12_ bales Calcutta, brought horo by tho mall steamer, but without SUCCCBS, and tho vvholo hod to be withdrawn, subsequently the markotwas tried with Dundee made goods, but only a few bales could bo got rid of, cv cn at tho exceptionally low prico of 4s Corn sacks not yet being in season, havo not been pressed so much, and tho fow sales which liavo on occasions como beforo us prcsont the market in n Btcady nepoct. Small parcols havo been disposed of nt 12s 8d to 12s Gd , and In one instance a Uno of 100 bales wns taken up at 12s. Bran bags have been got rid of at 88 Gd. Gunnies havo boon neglected, and our quotation of 7s. 3d Is a mero nominal ono Boots and Shoes -In these goods transactions have not been of Milich account Tlio following sales, vi hieb took«M& at considerable intervals, wo glio in order tliattho eOUrso of tho market may bo fofiouod On tho 19th ult 4_ trunks and cases English goods, wolts, Ae , nero quitted-Womon s third kid F S boot« (nil faults) brought from 6s 3d to Gs 24 por pair, do do T C , F S , do , 6s. 8d to is lOd do , do levants F S do, 4s. Od to 6s fid do , do do plain do, T 0, 4s. 9d to 6s. 8d do , do kid no llshcd boots do, Os do , maids, 1 s and 2 a, kid F S , 4s Oil to is. 3d. do , do do , plain do , T C , 4s lOd. to is. do , girls kid F S, 10 a to 13 s, 4s 9d do , do. do, Os to OB, 4s 3d do do do, 4 s to d's, 2s. Gd do , vv onion a best second kid F S boots (channels), 7s 9d to 8s do , colonial mado mens h.S almas, 8s. 8d to 10s do , do kip wntertlj,hts, 18s Gd do , boys 7's to 9 s and 10 s to 13 s, copper toes, bals, Ss Gd do , women s kanga- roo almas, 5s 9d to Cs 3d do , calf uppers, 6s Gd to Gs. 2d do , ie. About 0,000 palra colonial made wcro also cleared off Women e lavant E S boots realised 5s , do calf almas, Gs M , maids do , 0s ; 10 8 do, 6B , 7 Odo, 4s., 10 13 balmorals, 3s 10d.,l 2 do , 4s. 4d , children s lace patent face, Is 9d to 8s. 2d , 10-18 do , 4s , mens bluchers, 0s 0d to Os Id.; y outliB do , 6. , men a loco, Os Od , youths' do , 4s 8d , mens canias Oxonians, 3s Od., ladles' kid booti, ES.MH, 4s 3d to 7a, lasting do, 6s 7d to 6s Id , cashmere, 8s 6d , youths elastic sides, 6B 8d to Os. Od , girls' do, 3s Id to 4s lOd On Monday, tho 28th, 652 packages wcro disposed of Thero waa a Humorous attendance of buy ers, tho prices realised woro highly satisfactory, and as follows - Womon s kid ES channels brought Os. to 7s. 0d , do do welts, 0s 7d to 7s 2d., maids do chan nels, 6B. _d to0a Gd., do do wolts, 6s OtLtoGs 3d , women s memel T P H , 6s 0d , do cloth do , 6s 5d . women s lace, 48. lOd to 6s. 2d , girls' 7 10 E.S , 4s Gd to 6s , boys 710 lace, 4s 3d to 4a 9d , do 11 1 do , 5B 3d to Os , children s balmorals, Is Id to Ss. 8d , also 46 packnges SWS lasting, 7s 4d Candles havo been declining slowly Stocks aro not heavy, but several considerable shipments having reached us almost simultaneously, a pressure waa brou{,ht>on the market which It could not sustain Damaged lota began to bo forced off atauctlon, holders of sound parcels hod to follow suit, and wo cannot now quote over lljd for sound Brandons, lljd. to Hld being asked for D R. O a Sales of damaged have been mado at Hld Cement.-Notwithstanding shipments hitherto bav ing been kept up on a liberal scalo, the demand for Portland has not been suf-liicnt-y met b» supplies coming to hand, and prices ha» o gradually advanced in consequence There Is littlo offering, and consignments reaching from time to time aro at once taken up at very full figures, say 22s to 23s. for best brands, according to quantity, and 21B. 6d for second brands. Amongst the latest sales effected we have 1000 barrels. Knight, Bevan, and Co a within the week at 2-_s., and 200 barrels of Gosling's the week previous at -.l8 Od On American plaster another considerable decline has to bo noted Three weeks ago 388 barrels rod beach were cleared off under the hammer at 19s. 0d- to 20s , and a week ago 160 barrels Knickerbocker piaster wero placed at 17s. Od to 18s Od Chemicals.-Thero is little or no chango to report, and nothing of special interest boa transpired Soda crystals aro In veiy moderate request at £12. Carbo- nate is worth £24 10s to £25, but thero is little doing Cauetic soda has declined to £27 for 60 per cont,, and £32 for 72 per cent. Flowers of sulphur do not meet willi any inquiry at £13 10s., our present quota tion i buBincsB, how iver, could be done ataconeea sion of 10s Tortaric acidia Belling at 2s Id , creauijof tartar is worth 15d Prepared opium may be quoted at 25B Gd to 2Gs Chicory -W o continuo to report a modorato trade demand for colonial made at Sid Codec-Although wo have advices of a declino in the homo markit, and a consequent reduction in value In tho producing districts, j et as our Importers, pre- ferring a steadvto a fluctuating market, judiciously refrained from following to Its full oxtent the frequent advances reported from Java and Ce}Ion, they havo not required In conformlt} to prisent advices to mako any change in prices this month A very good trado demand hue been experienced, good to best plantation has been selling at lljd to Is Java, according to sample, has been quoted at lid to Hld, but of tilla description thero has been vcrj littlo selling Nativo Cc}lon has boen disposed of at lOJd to lid Confectioner} -Business has been quiet Kelllcr's assortments havo been quoted at lOJd An entire shipment of this brnnd, how cv cr, diane ed banda In one Hue at lOJd Assortments of V iitormn mado aro mo» ing olt at Od to 9Jd Candled peel is disposed of at 16d Jujubes nro selling at 13d Cordale -At this season of tho » car tho deraund for either rope or cordale Is ver} trifling, but taking that hilo account the business dono for tho past month lifts been quito or, sutlstactory as could bo expected Tile markot is now entire!} supplied with Victorian made, mid hnving comparatively no protection to limit thilr market and tnmmel their operations, our manufacturers are also able successful]} lo compete in the markets of tin other colonies, nnd hitlnrto, as I our monthly advlies from Manilla havo sho-n, Vic [ torlan mudo ropo of a better quality his been sun {died aa cheaply as Importations from Manilla could ia» e been sold Meterían best Manilla hemp mado ropo has been Belling at £GJ, and cordago under ono Inch at 81 quitted at £66 for large, and 71u for small sizes New Zealand flax mudo rope is dis Íiosed of nt £4G for largo sizes, £}d Iwing obtained or hiles and cordago sizes under one inch ]. lut ropes, Manilla hemp made, realise, according to size, from £70 to £b4 Lashing, best Mamila, sells at £01, and second quality brings £54 Now Zealand being quitted at £40 Seaming tw Ines arc in slow Balo at 14d Shop twine brings up to 13d riBh -A fair business has been transacted Ling is »cr} scarco indeed, and our quotation of Gld. cm only be considered as nominal Half barrels white herrings ha» o been got rid of at 32s., 10s bcliigobtamcd for firkins lib herrings aro disposed of at 0s Hid herrings, In tliiB, aro quoted nt 32s lib salmon has been disposed of at 16s 9d to los , at the first-named figure ajino of 1,200 coses American was taken up b} onebu}cr Halves sardines aro now going nt lower ratcB , our quotations ran^o from 11s 9d to 12s Gd Quarters cannot be quoted over Gs Od. lib oysters are In Blow gale at 8s lib lobsters arc worth 13s Fruits-Sinco wo vvroto last month a ver} much Im proved Inqulr} has been experienced, ispccially for currants, but nil descriptions ha» o moro or less par ticipatcd in tho movement Almost nil tho damaged lots of currants previously bearing on tho maikct ha»ing been cleared away, bu}crs were forced to turn their attention to sound parcels, and no sooner did purchases commence to bo mudo than the price was rapidly run up to 4|d und cv cn 5d , nt which sulcs nro now making Hatslns have beon in good request. Elemcs have brought (x1 to GJd Capes and \ alendas have also realised similar flguns Sultanas have bien disposed of at 71<1 Muscatels hav e gone up to 10_¡d Figs liav o been quitted for somo timo at 8d Flour and Grain -Another extreme!} quiet and un interesting monthh as been poBBcd in this market After the departure of last mail, flour at tho auction sales dropped to £13 10s , and this figure to £13 15s bo came at once tho quotation for parcels, the rite for trado lots being maintained at £11 to £14 5s , at which figures tho market has since ruled Not« ith Btanding that tho prices accepted at unction have fluctuated considerably, one week falling to £13 2s ' Gd , and another week going up again to £11 10a Transactions hav e not been of much account Wheat, In Uko manner, dri i pi d from 0s Gd down to Gs 2d , and the market, notwithstanding that supplies havo conic forward very slow.}, ruled at Gs to Gs 2d, until this week, when tho extreme piucit} 2d, until this week, when tho extreme piucit} of supplies nt last forced up prices to Gs 3d and Gs 4]d,at which latest sales have been mide, Gs Gd being now wanted Several cirgoos of Tas manían, each amounting to SOOO bushels, carno also forward, but tho qualltj being Inferior, and not adapted for our millers, low prices had to be taken Ono shipment was quitted nt Gs 2Jd , mid another cargo was sold at 5s 3d to 5s 4d A good business has been done in oats, chiofly in tho low and commoner sorts, which have been disposed of at 4a lOd to 5s Id, while medium qualities havo main tatned a »cry stead} quotation of 5s 2d to 5B 4d Fine descriptions have becomo very much re duccd in Btock Common milling sorts Wave been offering at 5s Gd, hut the finer qualities havo been held for, and even sold at, 5s Od to Gs. This week as much as 5s 10u was obtained publicly, for a Bmall lot of only fair stout, hardly adapted for anything moro than reeding Barloy has been moving off in fair parcels Oregon brewing quality has been Bold at 6s Od , and Uno malting Calf fomian has been quitted at Gs 8d English malting has been got rid of at 6s lid to 6s , while Capo feeding qualities have been placed at 4s Gd to 4s Od Maize, after declining graduait} mid touching 4s. 4d , rallied again, and Is now firm at 4B lOd Bathcragood busi- ness has been dono at intervening rates, and the market still presents nn upward tendency Bran has ruled at l8 8 jd to Is. 4d , tho latter figure is now obtained Pollard Is worth from Is 3d to Is Gd Colonial mado oatmeal l8 Bteody at £31 to £32 Pearl barle) is valued at £32 Furniture -The following oro the only public sales reported during the month -A very oxtenslvo sale of American ihalrs, English manufactured furn! 'uro (unfinished, finished, and in tho whlto), drossing glasses, 4c, was held on Wednesday, tho 10th ult, when the following prices wero realised - American chairs, ox Springfield and Cutwater - Washington wood chairs brought 44s por dozen, He}wood Grecian cano, 008 per dozen, Tillmoro cane, 66s per dozen, childs high wood, 42s per dozen, wood rockers, Ds each, Floronco dining, 8s Gd each, Ho}wood dining, 0s 3d each, maple cottage rockers, 2Gs each, short-arm nurso, 21s each, Franklin office maple, 00s per dozen , hollow backwood, 84s per dozen , doublo back do , 35s por dozen, barroom do, 34s tier dozon , wood low rockirs, Ss 3d each , spindle bick wood, 38a per dozen , nurso do , 78s per dozen English Chairs - Birch cV>o leg rest, 17s Gd each , do arm do , 15s each , 8}camoro fancy folding do , 18s each , do walnut do , 10s each, walnut willow occasional do , OGs per dozen , ladder back cane do , 03a por dozen English furniture í_e -Walnut suites of sottes frames, nine pieces, from £14 to £1710s per suite, walnut inlaid chiffonnières, £8 to £0 10s each, whatnots, 15s to 27B Gd each, shaped book shelves, 2Ss each , foot Stool frames, 60s to 84s per dozen, nnhognn} tra} s and stands, 25s each, do bed steps, 25s to 80s each, walnut inlaid canterburies, 75B each , oak and mahogany hall cliuirs 19s to 2Gs each , walnut inlaid music cabinets, £0 6s each , do Sutherland tables, 80s each, do music canterburies, 00s each, do music stool frames, 10s to 22s. cadi, 0ft and 7ft mahognny sideboards, £14 10s to £18 each , walnut occasional tables, 00s each , do four pillar and pedestal card tables, from 76B. to £6 each, oak and mahogany barometer hut stands, £8 to £8 15s each, do upright do , 678 Gd each, do rail front do,72s Gd cach,waInutandmahogan}duchessetabIcs and »vashstunds, £8 8s per pair, walnut four pillar loo tables, £6 2s Gd each , plain do , £-115s each , walnut carved revolving music cliairs,£4 5s to £4 lOi each malloga y dinner waggons, 00s to £616s each, d_c , box mid tra} dressing glasses, 14 x 10 box, Gs Od each , 12 x 9, Gs 9d , 14 x 10 tra}s Gs , 12 x 0 do , 4s lOd , 10 x 8 do , 42s per dozon , 10 x 12 moulded do , 12s each , l8 x 14 do , 15s Gd , 20 x 10 twist pillar, 29s each , l8 x 14 do , 25s , 20 x 10 moulded tri} s, 238 each , horsehair, 7Jd to 10Jd per lb , i_o Thero was a largo nttendanco of tho trado and other buyers, and the auctioneers disposed of tho whole of the goods offered at full market values. Glassware -On Thursday, tho 24th ult», the foi lowing invoices of glosswaro wiro quitted at tho prices mentioned below -Covered sugars and butters, In Wida, brought 16s. Gd to 17B per dozen, do all sugars, 15s do , do all butters, 14s to 158 Gd do , glass baskets, assorted colours, 7s. do , pressed ales, 68 to Gs Gd do ¡ do tumblora, 3s 9d to 4s. Od do , cut ales, 7s biers, 6s Gd to 7B Gd do t ports and shorrlcs, from 4s to 5s Od per dozen, caraffes and una 2s each ' glass mugs, 4s to Os per dozen, ups, 2s. each ; glass rmfgs, 4s. to os. per dozen ; decanter., 12s. titi, -o 21s. Gd. per sot, Ac. An Involco of American kerosene lamps, lainpware, &c.;, ox Cutwater, from Boston, was also got rid o( : -Parlour lamps, assorted, from Os. Gd. to 22s. Od. oadi ; fancy baso do., 20s. to 24s. each : patent «ïvucapnlcluo., 00s. per doz. ; do. parlour do., 18s. each ; Btand lamps from 27s. to 54B. per doz. ; deco- rated do., 18s. each ; assorted fancy stand do., 60s. Ser doz. ; harp lampa from 48s. to 72s. per doz. ; chain o., 70s. per doz. ; hand do., 18s. per doz. ; hunters from Gs. to 12s. Gd. per doz. ; wicks from 2s. to 7s. Gd. per gross ; cut globes, 24s. per dozen ; chlmnoys, 18s. per gross, &c.; Gunpowder.-There has been extremoly littlo dono in this product, only tho most limited trado demand has existed, and sales generally havo boen of no account. Hall's blasting powder is hardly so firm ; for the greater part of tho month no havo quoted 71d., but wo cannot now gil-o a quotation over 7d. to 7|d. Kaimcs is worth Old., and has boen equally neglected, other brands rulo at 5_d. to Gd. Hops have been quite destitute of tho slightest ap pcarauco of animation ; and quotations, though seemingly unaltered, aro altogether nominal, no sales having been effected by which tho real state of tho market can lie arrived at. For best Kont 1872 up lo Is. 6d. is asked, and low to good may bo quoted nt Is. to Is. 2d. Tasmanian aro equally neglected ; common qualities 1873 can be bought at lOd. to Is. Id., but good to fino aro considered worth Is. 2d. to Is. 4d. An exceptional salo of about 80 bales was mado a fortnight ago, at prices ranging from Is. Id. to IB. 4d. ; old can scarcely bo sold at any price. Molt.-In this product thero Is likowlso littlo busi- ness doing. For very Uno quality in tanka up to 12s. Is wanted, but we cannot quoto over 11s. Gd. to 11s. Od. for ordinary lines, and holders would not refuse to sell parcelB at 11s. 3d. to 11s. Od. Shipments advised aro on a pretty largo ecalo, but they mostly como to one firm, and aro made in anticipation of a falling off later In tlio year. Metala.-Tho market has been dull, and wo notico a considerable declino on many of tho moro important items. Pig iron is moving oil in trade lots at £0. Gal- vanised iron is heavy, and tho largo parcels forced off from time to timo by auction have had the effect of reducing price«. Quotations now stand at £32 for Scotch 26 gauge, £3810s. for ordinary English, and £35 for best brand same gauge. In tho early part of the month a speculative movement led to the quittance privately of 100 tonsontermswlthheld. About 10-ays ago 08 cases Orb brand were sold at £33 10s or thereabout», according to lengths. Bar and roil Iron Is quotcdat£_7 Sheet Iron is low cr Assortments of Nos 8 to l8 arc now v alucd at £20, and Nos 20 and 20 can be uotat£23 Plate Iron has been dull, we quote £20 In hoop Iron thcie is nothing to report, and quotations of £1710s to £18 remain unaltered Feucing w Iro Is lower, andean be bought at £22 10s., £23 10s., and £24 10s. for NOB 0, 7, and 8, but lhere 1B no demand Pig lead «tanda at £2410s 8_cot Is worth £35 to £30 Shot is heldior £3810s to £39 There Is little inquiry for tlnplates. An Invoice of SOO boxes, 1, 2, and 3 cross, «as placed at equal to 10 per cent, advance on In\ oleo all round, and 284 boxes damaged wera cleared off by auction at 40s -per box not Muntz metal is much wanted, and lljd to Is. has been obtained for spot parcels, whllo to arrive sales havo been modo at lljd to lljd. Ew bank s nails stand at 6 per cent on list price American aro worth 29_., but tho salo at present Is very slow Of American hardware there Is a largo stock Collins s and Sharpe s heavy axes havo been sold at 84s to 80s Collins s heavy picks aro worth 62s., but there is no sale Ames's sliov els aro quoted at 76s DiysDH shovels, 31ln to SGln bring 60s, and other makers, samo size, aro quitted at ¿Os to 62s SalcB of hollowaro aro making at 5 per cent off list price. Oils -Tv o hav o littlo business to report this month In kerosene thero has boen no Btlr whatever, and though holders hav o been willing to meet buyers, and havo neon offering at Is. 8d. for Devoos, littlo or nothing lias boen done, oven for trade purposes 1,500cases nero however placed this week at Is 8d Diamond can bo purchased at Is 7Jd in bond. Tho North America, which arrii ed n fortnight ago, added 18,000 to our stock but about half of this will, go on to Adelaide. New _ork advice» reach to 28th May Castor oil has maintained a steady quotation of 6s duty paid Several hundred cases hav o been got rid of at our price. Linseed has not been in much request Drums command 4s 9d , and 4s 3d is accepted for bulk Colza is In slow salo, and prices aro lower , for drums 6s would bo taken, and in cask we quote 4s Gd Ollie is not brisk, holders ask 5s (k1 for drums, and 4s lid to 6s for bulk Chinese oil Is wanted at 4s Gd Polar Is saleable at £32 Oilmen s stores arc moving off very steadily at full rates Pickles find buyers at Gs Gd , 8s Od , 9s Gd , 10s Gd , and 11s Od , nccordlng to brand Bottled fruits, assorted, are Baleadlo at 12s. Black currants command 12s Od lib jams aro disposed of at Gs Gd to 9s. Salad oils, in quarts, aro quitted at 18s , 22s , and 24s , pints brink 0s Gd to IIB Gd . and halves sell at 6s 4_d to 7s 3d Castor oil, in pints, is got rid of at 7s , half pints Bell at 4s lOJd Sauces aro quitted at (is Od to 12s Capers bring 6s. Od Col innu's mustard, In 7lb tins, Is placed at 8£d , lib tins nt 10s , and half pound tins at Gs Keen's DSF mustard is sold nt 18s Gd for pound tins, and 10s Cd for half pound tins \\\ hito and blue starch bring Cd Kensington \ Ictorlan made starch is in great faiour, and sells largely nt4Jd Tnndstickor matches havo been quitted at Is lljd Jar Bait bos been ^ot rid of at Os Senna leaves havo been soldat 8}d, and quart herbs at 13s Carraway seed fetches 5d Thumb blue l8 quoted at lOJd Mac caroni and vermicelli aro worth 10_d Sago has been selling at 2Jd Of the Greyhound's shipment, 20 tons w ero cleared off at 2|d Tlio cargo of Singapore produce per Sea Hippie, consisting chiefly of sago and tapioca, was sold in one lino to arrive, 36 tons black and white popper ex Greyhound realised 7Jd for tho former, and 1B _gd for the latter Tlio trado quota tion is now Sd and Is Id to IB 5d rcspeetlv ely Provisions arc m moderate request Good, orrathor prime, ^ ictorian modo butter brings 9d \ letorian mado cheese is in fair Inquiry at 7d to S\d Colonial hams mid bacon aro taken, tho former tit 7d to Od , according to quality, and the latter at 7d to 7_d Quicksilv er has been held ot ia 3d , but thero Is no demand whatoicr at the price Small lots aro pur- chased at 4s 2d to.8 3d Klee.-Trado throughout the month has been very sluggish indeed, tho market has been a k°°d de-il pressed, and importers have had to submit to a retine tion Several attempts have been mado to sell largely at auction without success , eventually, howovor, tho shipments offered wcro all got rid of privately In thobc(,innlngof the month tlio iliurso arrived from C ii cutta with 4 040 bags Patna The entire parcel, how ever, had previously been sold afloat Afterarrlvalltwos offered by auction again for resale, when tlio brokers succeeded in quitting 2,300 bags at £10 to £19 5s , and subsequently a second portion was cleared off at a similar figuro These sales had tho effect of bringing down the quotations to £20 in bond, and £21 to £26 duty paid Java'rice also declined, and quotations for mill dressed now staud at £22 to £24 Japan t.Mu-1 to>ml ,. 1 ,_. PQÍ ", 1 Nnnprt n Sufrnn and dressed is reduced to £22, and Rangoon, baigon, and Bangkok hav o also declined to £10 to £20 The cargo of Japan rico per Burnside, about 600 tons, was offered at auction but not Bold, it was afterwards taken up private.} b} ono finn Tho cargo of Bang kok rice per Andreas, also submitted to competition and withdrawn, likewiso was taken up eftirwnrds in one line b} the sumo finn Slates -Tlie market this month his been less nat!» o Tho arrivals hnvo been licnv},6a» 800,000, and the shipments nd vised arc on nu equally extensivo scale Tho bulk of arrivals has, moreover, goni Into tho hands of tho trado, mid bung thus BO well Biinp" »cr} littlo has como beforo us In the wi} of s* Prices nro slight!} cosier , wo quoto-for 24 x 12, £15 10s , for 22 x 12, £13 10s to £14 , and for 20 x 10, £14 10s Salt -»A o noto a » er} good inquiry for trado re- quirements, and, notwithstanding inferior parcels offering, values of sound hnvo been well sup Sorted Coareo has been Belling nt 02s Gd to 05s , no Liv erpool nt 97e Gd to 100s , und fino London stovedntup to 110s icvv largo lines hav o changed hands, chlelly becnuBo importers hnvo bein cleured out, we hear, however, of about 250 tons, on tho spot and to arrive, hnvlncr been tnken up ut equal to £-1 7a Gd for coarso and Lim pool fine Sugar has been mnrked hy considerable heaviness, at one time attempts to forco the mnrkit had the effect of lowering prices, tho finer descriptions, how ever, not being in abundant supply, values hnvo graduntl} improved, nnd now thnt prices huvo opened out so »cry high in Mauritius it may ho that paying rates will }et bo obtained Tho courso of the market will bo best followed by taking tho months bus! ness as It transpired On Tuesday the 16th ult, 750 bags rations wero cleared off at £24 to £2016s , and 1,200 bogB China descriptions wero placed at £30 6B to £30 16s On Thursda} tho 17th, tho quit tanco of the cntlro cargo of Mauritius per Michel Chevalier was effected, 8 604 bigs and pockets were cleared off The sale all through presented a contrast to several of thoso held previously, thebiddlngwcnton veiy freely, and whllo a rise of 80s was established on the lower descriptions, the odvancoall round was fully 20s low to good rations realised 21s 3d to 20s Jd , browns, 28s , low yellows, 80s to 32a , medium, 33s Gd to 84s Gd , grain} yellows, 35s 9d to 87s Gd , brewing cr}slals, J4s 3d On Friday, a line of 400 bags jellow crystals was quitted at £36 10s , and offers to clear out largs parcels »vero also mado, without being responded to Tho Speedwell, with a similar cargo to that of the M Chevalier, arrived on tho 18th During tho following week tho market was ver} heavy, showing little im provement, mid tho business dono was exceedingly unsatisfactory Tho week opened with Bales at _UG for }cllows to £38 10s for groy crystals On Tuos day, tho 22nd, a lino of light }cllow crystals mot with a purchaser at £37, and a parcel of Java whites vvus sold at £-19 10s By auction 400 higa and pockots Mauritius were quitted at £39 5s for grey crystals , soft light counters brought £J7 10s , and soft }ollows £84 6a Hie week ending 2nd instant was also uneatl6.ni.or}, notwithstanding that a great deal more business was done OnTucsdi}, tho 29th ult, 1,J00 mats Java groy crystals wero cliared off al £37 , damaged rations sold at £22 10s to £26 10s , mid medium countcis at £31 5s to £31 16s On the 1st lnst tin public Bales drew together a fair uttendauco of bil} crs, and a slight udv ance vv us established on tho flncraorts. 4,858 bugs were disposed of Low rations Bold at 23s to 24s Od , low browns at 20s to 2Ss , good browns nt 80s Low }cllovvs realised 32s to 32s 3d, nnd medium S3s 3d to 33s Gd Medium }olIow cr} stals brought 34s Od to 86s 3d , grainy counters, 85s to 37s, fine }cllow couutcra, 38s 6d , fine w hito, 80s Gd to 40s , white irystals, 39s 3d , and medium brewing cr}stals, 35s Gd to 30s A moro dceided improvement was pencptlblo during Hie past week On Tuesda}, the 5th Hist., tin cargo of the China was submitted to publie compo tition, and 2 540 bogs wero disposed of, realising for trej crystals, £38 6s , Uno }cllow counters £J0 l63 , grainy } cllovv do , £35 lo £3010s , medium counters, £33 to £34, browns, £30 to £31 5s , good rations, £28, low rations, £26 10s to £20 15s per ton On the 1th, damaged pírcela, ox Michel Chcv ilicr and Speedwell, comprising 6 003 bags and pockets, wero offered public.} , the wholo was disposed of at from £20 for refining ports to £35 15s for grain} counters Tho unexpected arrival of tho Ceres, from Mauri tlus, out 35 da}8, was innounccd on the after noon of tho 7th, The bulk of tho cargo Is of the last crop, but a portion also consists of the first of the new cron, a parcel of »v hito havin¿ been bought for shipment by this»easel, nsndvlsed a month ago Pri» ute telegrams hav o likew (so been received vii Aden from Port Louis to 24th July, whiih state that sugar making was almost general Tho market was rising in consequence of speculativ o purchases Largo transactions had been entered Into on Bombay ac count Tho quotation ruling for vv hito w as 8dol, and for } illow 7 86dol Tlie Sarah had sailed for Adelaida lU-v-i./., hut ilr Sixteen hundred tons had been engaged for Australia (ono vessel waa loading for Mclbourno and one for Adelaide), and 050 tons for New Zealand. Ten.-Messrs. J. Curio Robertson and Co. report as followB :-"Sinco tho date of our last circular advices have been received from China announcing heavy shipments oí the new season's teas, and engagements for this port, sinco which the market has been moro depressed, and less actual business has been concluded this month than for some y cars p_st. Sales havo been confined to tlio quittanco by auction on tho part of Importers of old scison's, preparatory' to tho nrrival of the new, which is daily looked for. Auction Sales. On the Gth inst. tho balance of tho cargo ex Jerusalem, consisting of 1820 half-chests and'l,119 boxes congou, were Bold, realising Is. for common, up to Is. 7}d. for good medium. On the 7th hist, the balanco of tho cargo ex Ocffrard, from Foo-choiv, comprising 2,000 half-chests and boxes congous, wcro sold, and realised from lOJd. for leafy, up to Is. 6.d. for medium. Our stock In bond Ia 2,707,1701b. Tlio de- liveries havo been 613,0001b. Our quotations are Dust and sittings, 7d. to 8d. ; broken foo-chow, 8d. to lOJd. ; ordinary to good, lOJd. to Is. Id.; mixed leaf kinds, IB. OJd. to lo. 2Jd. : do., with littlo flavour, 1B. 8jil. to 1B. 4d.; blackish leaf kinds, Is. ia. to Is. Gd.; do. strong, Is. Od. to Is. OJd.; do. strong flavoury, la. 7d. to Is. 8d.; knlsovv kinds,strong, Is. 8d. to Is. lid.; l>ckoo souchong and pekoo flavour, Is. lid. to 2s. Id.; fino rich pekoe, Bouchong flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 3d.; do., vory fine do, 2s. 4d. to 2s. Gd.; orango pekoo, scented ordinary and broken, Is. 3d. tola. 4d.; do., good to fine, Is. lid. to 2s. Id.; caper, scented, com- mon to middling, Is. Id. to Is. 4Jd.; do., middling to fino, la. lid. to 2s. 4d. ; young hyson, good to lino, Is. Gd. to Is. lid.; finest, nono ; gunpowder, Canton, good to fine, Is. Gd. to 3s. (Abovo quotations aro at per lb. in bond for chests, boxes being worth 3d. per lb. more.)" Timber.-An extensivo trado has boen dono in this markot, both for aotual as well as speculative pur- poses. For the first ten days of tho month littlo occurred to impart an lmpotus ; after that, howovor, very considerable activity prevailed. About the 22nd ult. speculative attention becamo directed oueo more towards deals, which resulted in on odv anco in valuó. On Tuesday, tho 22nd, ex Cashmere, 40,000ft. white pino Bholvfng realised £12 7s. Gd. per 1,000ft.; 20,000ft. white pino T. and G., £12 do.; 75,000 4ft. laths, 87fl. 84 por 1.000_Ex Cutwater-000 doors, assorted sizes, 18s. (ki. to 26a. 3d. each. Deals wore also advertised to bo sold tlio samo day, but at tho sale thoy were all withdrawn, and tho announcement waa at Bamo time mado that all tho English shipments advised as on tho way had been bought up, likewise tho cargo of 450 Btondard per Fore nlngen, previously arrived vin Adelaide. On the 26th, tho auction «ales comprised chiefly Kauri pine and T. and G. flooring. 101,201ft. 0 x i T. and G Nom cgian flooring sold at 11«. Od , 220,800ft. 6 x J whito beaded lining placed at Os. Od , and 103 oOOft. 6x «quitted at 6s 3d. Tho cargo of Kauri pino ex Adelheid at same time reallBcd 24s to 26s for hewn timber, 16B 3d to 2S8. Od for sawn, and 26s 3d for hewn spars The Kachel Cohen's shipment Bold at 24s. to 25B 3d for Kauri pine logs, and l8« 6d to 22s Gd for sawn. The following week a largo business was again reported, and the tono of the market Indicated greater ßrmnciB Tho cargo of deals per Zaritxka, comprising 300 standard, was on Tuesday, the __0th ult-, tho day she arrived at the Heads, purchased by former ope TOtore In the market, and skc was afterwards ordered to Geelong The following day the cargo of Baltic deals by the Amazon was also sold to arrive. At tho nubile sales on Tuesday, there wero Bold, ex Ettrickdale, True Briton, and Hooghly, 777,808ft. Scotch flooring and weatherboards, at-for e x li red, 15s Od to Ids per 100ft. lineal, 0 x J do , 12s 3d to 12s. Gd. do , G X 1 do , beaded, C8. Od. do , 6 x J white, Hs. 3d. to Ils Gd. do , 6 x J do , 10s. to 10s. 3d do , 0 x 1 do , beaded, 6a Od. do , 6 x 6 do , 5s 3d do , 6-out weatherboards, 5s do , also 2,486 11 x 3 red deals, DDD brand, 7dL to 7Id per foot OxS On 1st lnst., ox Atlantic and China, 16,000 pieces red deals and battens wero cot rl 1 of nt tho following rates -12 x 4 brought 7a. 3-lGths per foot of 0x3, 11 x 4, 7d 6 lOths to 71d do , 0 x 1, Gd 616ths to 0Jd do , 0 x 4, GJd do , 11 x 3, 7d 6-10tlis do Ex Prince Alfred, sawn Kauri realised 20s 3d to 24s per 100ft Bupcr Llkow Isc, ox Prince Alfred, 37,000ft 14 x 7 sawn Kauri pine fetched 23s 3d to 23s Gd pirlOOfL, 30 000ft. 12 x 3 do , 22B to 22s 3d do , ox Cesare witch, 44,000 4ft. Oregon laths, 34s Gd per 1,000, 27,000 41ft do pickets. £10 5s do , 7,000 4ft and 6ft redwood pointed pickets, £0 7s Gd to £7 16s. do, 400 doors, assorted sizes, 13B to 23s each On Tuesday, the 6th lnst., tho sales of timber em- braced red deals and lumber Of the former, 1,700 pieces 11 x 3 brought up lo 7d per foot 9 x 3, ac cording to lengths , 3,340 pieces 0x3 sold nt up to Gd 8 16ths, 1,800 pieces 7 x 21, nt up to 5d 15 lOths, and 000 pieces 7 x 3 up to Gd 116th , Oregon, 4x3 to 12 x 12, brought £0 7B Gd to £13 , red pine, £1J 7s Gd , extra clear white wood, £13 2s Gd , and dear, £0 17B Gd , 2in to 4ln , £1110s , New Zealand white pine, 11 x 3 to l8 x l8, was placed at 14s 3d , and 8 x 7 to 22 x 12, at l18 3d to 11s Od Cedar was quitted nt 85s Tobaecoes, previously much depressed, have not Im Srovcdsinco tho arrival of tho mail, for though tho iroct shipments adviBcd are Inconsldcruble-In fact, nothing at all-}ct thoso reported as coining from Fngland aro quito sufficient to meet all requirements Tho demand for trado pur poses has been mest sluggish, nor can wo speak moro favourably of tho export business, and tho con tinned forcing of Bales must ha» o tho effect of depressing tho ninrket below vvhnt it Bhould legi- timate.} go, and mako its recovery to a moro health} tone a matter of longer time Hie existing apathy was novcr moro clearly evidenced than at somo of the moro recent auction sates Tho following business has como beforo us - At auction on Thursda}, tho lGth ult., the tobuicocs offered were sold at most unsatisfactory prices, 230 packages Cldldrcy's manufucturo wero run off Tens placed at 8Jd to 95d , sixes at 10}d , flics at 9jd, fancies and pieces at Ski to lOjd , light pressed brought lOjd , twist HJd , and half pounds Is Id In tho week ending 20th ult, tho business done was restricted to tho disposal, b} auction, of about 126 packages, all moro or less du mnged , tho prices remised were, however, condition considered, moro satlBfaitory than could have been anticipated, when compared with the previous sale of sound goods of tho samo brand Ncgrohead twist brought Is 4d per lb , tens, 8Jd to 9jd , pocket pieces, OJd to Hld , threes 8Jd , fours, 9id to lOJd , fives, OJd to lid , sixes, lOJd eights, OJd , half pounds. Is to Is 0*d , aromatic twist, 10Jd to 10:¡d per lb , all faults, in bond, and for net cash On the 20th i It 310 pncka¡_cs Cameron s gooda, ox Tho Bruce and Staffordshire, all more or IIBS damiigcd by scaw ater, wire got rid of, for tens Od to l8 3Jd was ob tallied , long tens brought Is 0J<1 , hnlf pounds, Is 2d fives, 1B OJd to Is I'd , poikctpicccs, Is ljd to Is IJcI , ncirohcad tw ißt, Is GJd to Is 6d. per lb -nil faults, In bond, and for net cash, and on on Gth instant 248 tinckagcs Chtldrey B make, nil moro or less fnulty, wera cleared off Fours brought 9Jd , fives, 8Jd to 9Jd , pockctpieccs, 9}d to 10Jd , fancy, OJd to Is., tens, 8Jd to Old, half pounds, OJd to lljd , aromatic twist, OJd to lOd , twist, Is 3Jd , light pressed, Is 2d , all faults, In bond, and foi net cash Our trado quotations aro -Common tens ana dark half pounds, lOd , medium, l8. tens and dark half pounds, lOd , medium, Is. food, Is l_d , fine, lGJd Aromatic pounds and half pounds, Btocks limited, and prices ranged from lOd to 16d Dark and aromatic navies, common to good, brine" 9d to Is , fine ringo up to la Gd Fancies, including lh_ht pressed, fetch, according to quality, from lOd to Is Gd Twists realise from Kid to 181(1 Swiss cigars sell at 32s Gd .lanilla cheroots and liai an na shaped bring G2s (M1 to 05s German cigars, including best Hamburgh made, realise 35s to 2G3s Genuino Havannas arc quoted at £10 anti upwards Wines and Spirits -Operations in wines have been moderate, and confined to executing trade orders No Bales of special importance havo come under our notice Sherries baie been sold for trado purposes at all priccB rising from £18 to £32 £37, £-10, £64, £80, nnd £99, while ports havo been disposed of at £21, £__, £38, £47, £60, £05, £70, and £90 Champagnes have been selling nt improved rates Medium qualities have been placed at 60s to 60., and quota tlons for fine to superior brands range from 70s to 85a., and np to 90s A eoiiBlderablo amount of bus! ness w as done in brandies for the greater part of tho month, for a week post, however tho demand has slackened, ni d of late there has been much less doing In tho course of the first week of the month some largo pareóla changed hands On Wednesday, tho loth ultimo 000 Illida and quar ter casks Hennessy s Mnrtclls, and Otards woro taken up by ono buyer at a very full price On Thursday, tho 17th, 00 quarter casks Martell s and Hennessy s changed hands nt 7s 3d Otard s 1870 vintage was at same time quitted at Gs 3d , and 1871 vmtago at 08 On tho 18th, 130 quarter casks Hen nc6sy s 1871 and 1872 were placed at 7s 3d and 7s Od A good deal of excitement waa created by the receipt on tho 24th ult of a telegram from London dated 22nd July, to the effect that brandies wcro 18d higher A lino of about 26 Illida Martell s dark, 1871, was placed at 7s 3d Equal to 130 quarters Hennessy s paie 1872, wero taken up to arrive, at 7s 3d Seventy flvo hhdB and 160 quarters Martell s, 1872, wero cleared out at 7B, and 100 quarters Otard, 1870, realised Gs Gd vi hilo on the 19th 100 quarters Hen ncssy s palo and Martell s dark wcro got rid of at 7a Gd , 60 quarters Otard s palo w ero taken up at Gs 4 Jd , and about 120 quarters finest Castillon changed hands on private terms Previous to this, and early lu the week, not much business was reported, Martell s dark, how ci cr, was sold at 7s 3d, and Hennessy s palo 1872, was quitted at a like figure Mall advices provo confirmatory of what boa been already received regarding tho damago dono to the vines, which, it is stated in soino letters, cannot bo recovered for two or thrco years , "onscquontty 70, 71, and 72 brandies arc likely to advance considerably (Tilla rise has already been notified by telegram ) Tho ncwB haa acted favourably on tho market, and a considerable amount of business was transacted Priintely, on Wednesday, tho 80th nit, equal to 100 hhds in Illida and quarter casks of Hennessy s palo waB placed at 7s Gd On Thursday, the 31st about 80 quarters A incgrowers were quitted at Ga ljd On tho 1st inst 20 linds and 70 quarters palo Ilonncssy s and dark Martell s arrived from Sydney were Bold at a full price, and at auction on Tuesday, the 29th, 05 linds and quarter casks Bisquit Du bouchéB 18/2 vintago brought Os , 100 hhds and quarters Associated Vineyard, palo and dark, were placed at 5s 8d Tricoclié brandy, ac cording to age, fetched Cs. 3d. to 9s 7d Quotations now stand at 7s Gd for Hennessy, 7s Gd for Martell B Gs Gd for Champagne "Vineyard, Gs 3d toGs Od for Otard Vincgrowers Marrett s Bisquit Dttbouchc s, mid Castillon aro quoted at Gs to 0s 3d Central Vineyard stands at 6s 9d to 0s La Grand Marque and Associated Vineyard aro valued at 5s fld Case brandies nrc not so buoy ant nor hav o they boen affected in tho Bamo manner as bulk Hennessy s has advanced from 20s 9d to 27s, and for a fort n _ht holders hav o been asking a trille ov cr tho last named figure, but though a good deal w is sold at 2Gs 9d and a little at 27s , nothing it all lins been quitted at nny thing over Martell a is wanted, nnd 21s Gd could be got Otard s is v alucd at 23s U V P nt a similar price. 1000 cases La Grand Marque wero cleared off by auction at 15s , but since that sale business has been stopped ow mg to importers hav ing stood for lGs Other brands aro quoted at up to 22s Gcnov a has again attracted notice, w ß I >.. "» K non ~,i_ ra Ihn onnt nil 111 000 .-«CB to hear of 6,000 cases on tho spot, and|l,000 cases to arrive, all JDKZ, having within tho week been taken up by one buyer at up to 15s. Gd., and tills brand now Bells freely in small lots at 10s. for 15 bottles and 10s. Gd. for 20 bottles. Other brands aro not inquired for. Wo quote from 13s. Gd. to 14s. Gd. Rum Is favourably spoken of, but tho ndvanco is slight, consequently thora is no chango to report : 10 per cent o.p. brings 3s. Gd. for best brands, nnd 3s. to 3s. 4}d. for commoner. Whiskey has not altered, tho inquiries aro notcxlenslvc. Sales for trado purposes aro making at 4s. Gd., 5s., to fls. and Os. Gd., according to quality. Sir It. Burnett's old tom has been advanced to 13B. Gd. per dozen. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Mesare. A.FIIED WOOL-KY and Co. report:-"Wo havo now the pleasure to resumo our freight advices from the 16th ult. In tho interim arrivals wcro on tho most moderato scalo, and havo been outnumbered by tho clearances w ithln tlio samo period. Business has continued dull, nnd remain» in a quiescent state. Transactions would undoubtedly havo been moro numerous but for tho scarcity of disengaged tonnngoF which is again accounted for by tho largor propor- tion of tho Bhipa now coming into port with homo en- gagements. Tho port of Nowcastlo (owing to tho delay in loading) having boon latterly avoided, Is gradually getting clear again, and In tho courso of another month will, wo anticípate, offer tho samo advantages as heretofore, when wo look for a resump- tion of business in this trade, moro especially ns coal freights aro firmer, with an upward tendoncy. Tor London.-Tho Norfolk and Shannon havo sallod with full cargoes, and aro to bo followed by tho Truo Briton and Carlislo Castlo in all this month. Our ex- pectations have been fully realised, as freights hare gradually advanced from Jd. to Jd. per lb. for wool, and from 46s. to 70s. per ton for tallow. Tho Wavo of Life, Miltiades, Superb, and Suffolk, now In port, await tho coming season to load with tho now clip of wool. For Calcutta.-Tlio Lor-h Awo put back and has sinco sailed i ia Colombo. Tho City of Agra, Tlio Bruce, and Ben Nevis, carrying In tho aggregate Bomo 640 horses, &c;, havo llkowfso sailed. Tho last-named vessel has returned to port to got condcnBor ropalrod. The Lanarkshire proceeds direct, and tho British Anny, v ¡a Madras, with similar cargoes. Tho Ettrick- dale loads coal at Newcastlo under homo charter. For Colombo.-Tlio Loch Awo cleared with 700 tons boncdust, and tho Hippolyte sails shortly with a full cargo of horses. For Rangoon-Tho Zarltzn is ordered on to load next season's rico. For Bombay.-No engagements of any kind havo boon made. For Shanghai.-;Tonnage ia In request to load both in Sydney and Newcastle, but no ships havo, as y-ot, been secured. For Hong Kong.-A fair demand exists, but no business has been done. For Ohofod1. Tho Univers accepted a coal freight For Java-Tho Ortelius returns, vii Newcastle ; tho Thurso has been taken up to load hay at Hobart Town for tlio Dutch Government. For tho Mauritius, the Michel Clio vallcr was chartered to load coal thither. For San Frond-Co.-No engagements havo been entered into here. The following vessels arriv ed out with orders to proceed .hither, viz., Hoogly and St. Lucien, via Newcastle, ana Wiltshire, Altear, and North American, direct. Charters.-Loch Awe, 1,063 tons, Melbourne to Colombo. £1,050; Hippolyte, 860, Melbourne to Colombo, £850, Lanarkshire, 1.489, Melbourne to Calcutta, thenco to tho United Kingdom on privato tenns, British Anny, 1,280, Madras and Calcutta, £1,400, Thuiso, 400, Hobart Town to Javn, £1,200, Greyhound, 231, Adelaide to Ja» a and baik, privato, Univers, 887, Newcaatlo to Chcfoo, 30s , MIclnl Cho»aUer, 380, New- castle to Mauritius, 30s , S]i.irro,v!iawk, 445. Now castle to Manilla, 33s Freight Quotations-Melbourne to London-Wool, Jd per lb., tallow, 76s. to 80s , bark, 60s , leather, 76s to 80s., meats, 45s. to 60s., conner, Is , nominal. Newcastle to Shanghai, 87s.; to Hong Kong, 31s , to Manilla, 33s , to Bombay, 87s , to Singa- pore, 32s , to Calcutta, 25« , to Mauritius, 80s , to San Francisco, 26s S}dnoy to Shanghai, 32s.; to San Francisco, 20s " Mr S DE Bran reports -" No improvement upon the general inactivity which pervaded shipments to Great Britain at date of my last circular of 16th ult, can be noted on the present occasion, the quantities of pioduco offering during tho month having been upon a »cr} limited scale, even taklnglnto account tho period of the j car being quite out of season, when only extraneous articles of produce may bo Bald to bo available-wool only being obtainable In Uio most attenuated parcels, and that onl} from tho scourers. but, notwithstanding, a considerable Improvement on" tho exceptionally low rates of frieght current during the last month his to bo noted Tho departures for London falling to bo adv Iscd are comprised In that of two ships onl}, viz , the Norfolk, 060 tons, and Shan- non, 12Û2 , leaving tho berth ampi} supplied by tho Truo Briton, 1,047, Carlisle Castle, 1,467, Wa» o of Life, 888 , Miltiades, 1,452 , and Superb, 1,451, tho great majorit} of which, although engaged receiving cargo, will, for the bulk of their loading, require to wait for the first of tho now season s clip of wool, whuh will now short.} bo read} for shipment AB nlrcady referred to, a general advanco in rates of freiiht has occurred during the month, and tho fol- lowing arc t!i060 now current, viz -Wool, scoured andgrius}, gd tojd nil round, tallow, 60s to 70s , lcutlur, 70s to 80s , bark, 60s , ores, 16s to 20a per ton of 20cvvt , meats, 45s per 40ft Tho passenger trade to Lngland lias shown no animation during tho month, but which Is, however, accounted for by tho general rductanco to leave at a timo which Involves arrival lu England at a cold mid inclement season of the} car The active demand for tonnage suited to the come}ance of horses to India, referred to In mv last odv lees us then prevailing, has Binco continued, tho clearances being three ships of largo tonnago, viz. -tho Clt} of Agra, 1 074 tons, with 100 head , tho Bruce, 1,200 tons, and Ben Novls, 1,001, with 210 and 170 respectively-the two former having pro cccded to Calcutta, calling nt Madras, tho latter direct to Calcutta There aro now loading-The Hippo.} ta, 863 tons, for Colombo , and the British Arm}, 1,289 tons, for Calcutta »ia Madras, Lanark shire, 1,430, for Calcutta direct, mid for sumo destination somo additional tonnuge is required Tlie foreign arrivals during the mouth hivo boen coin parntively small, and as a considerable portion of them belong to our regular lines, mid intended to load home with tho approaching season a wool, tho amount of tonnago during tho month arailablo for general cmplo}ment has been very limited, and chartering business bus consequent.} been hindered, tho transac- tions effected being us follow, viz -EdmondGrossier, 347 ton«, and Coudor, 460 tous, coals, Now castle to Mauritius, 30s respcetlv ely , \\\ rcs.ol Castle, 810 tons, Newcastle to Collu (Philippines), at 82s Gd , Loch Awe, 1,052, heneo to Colombo with 700 tons bono manure, in b.4-0, 80s , Lanarkshire, 1,437, and Ben -Sivls, 1,001, hcuco to Calcutta witli horses-tho former to proceed to U K , the latter to return to this port, both on terms which havo not transpired, Hippo.}ta, 861, heneo to Colombo with horses, £850, liavinv, all requirements for stock found by charterers , Thurso,400, Hobart Town (Tasmania) to Batav in,£l,200 for afull cargo of hay, British Ann}, l,2b0, heneo to Oil cutta via Madras, with horses, on tenns kopt private The general duhicsB which diaractensed coal freights from Newcastle, NSW, to ports in China, San Iran Cisco, ¡vc , during tho preceding month, Ina continued throughout the present, the dimond for tonnago hu» ni(, been slack, and rates for most ports being retro grading, whlili, however, together with the small business iffeitcd, may I« partly attributed to tho almost intirc absence of suitable tonnage Present j quotations arc -Hong Kong 2Ss , Shanghai, 37s Gd , quotations arc -Hong Kong 28s , Shanghai, 37s Gd , Singapore, 24B Jaia, 24s , Galle, 28s Manilla, 82s. Gd , Bombay, 38s , Calcutta, 28s , San 1 rnncisco, 24s Tlio coasting trado, especially that in coals from Now castle to this port, still continues to show considerable niilmation, lbs being readily obtainable to Hobson s Bay , but business is greatly restricted, owing to the scarcity of suitable toiinag-e, the sailing craft employ od in this trafile not having been augmented In propor tion to the number of steamers hitherto occasionally employed m the trado, but which at present oro par tiaUy engaged lu the general trado with South Aus tralla, _,cw Zealand, and Port Darwin , whilo tho Vic torla (belonging to the A S N Company), tlio largest steamer in the trade-has recently been despatched on a transient loyale to Java (vii Sydney) and back Tlic general intercolonial trado participates in tlio actlnty referred to, and moderate sized vessels find ready and remunerativo employment lor invest mont in shipping a good demand continues, and several vessels have changed hands during the mouth, and no doubt operations wuuld have been U]ion a more extended scale but for tho scarcity of Buitahlo ships i Hering Tlio sales effected comprlso tho Ldwm Fox, 850 tons, built at Calcutta In 1863, then classed in Lloyd s Al for 13 years, £8,600, Annie Lisio, 347, built at Quebec in 1865, then classed in Llov d s Al for seien years. £4,000 Ins, 340 built at Sunderland in 1809, then tío-sed in Lioy d's Al for nine y ears, £4,700, and Nightingale, 240, built at Baltimore In 1800, classed in x entas 1809, fi | o Al 1 for nillo y ears, £2,900 " _ SHIPPING OF THE MONTH PORT OF MI-LBOURNF AnniVALS AND CLEAIUkCKS Bit*.E OUR LAST S-MMAR. [B , British , A , American , Au , Austrian , Da , Danish , D , Dutch F , French , Ch . Chilian, P , Portuguese , I, Italian , N -torwegian , G Ger man , S., Swedish , Sp , Spanish , Bolg , Belgian , li., Russian , B , ship , u , barquo, br , brig, se , schooner, B s , steamer ] July Attnivrn 15 Miltiades, B s, 1,452 R A Perrott, London - Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 15 Hoogly, B B , 1,300, E J Solders London -Vir goe, Son, and Co 16 Michel Chevalier, F li, 180, A Totard, Mauri- tius -Dalgety, Black lood and Co 15 Thurso, B b, 490, Jas Simpson, Calcutta -W C Willmott 10 tttnckdalo, B B , 1 289, D M'Nab, Glasgow - Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co 10 True Briton, B b 1,040 H Farquhar Holt, London-W P U ''He and Co 10 Speedwell, B b, _50, D Sargent, Mauritius - Dah-Cty, Blackwood, und Co 19 Univers, F b , 387, F Lo Cart, Rangoon -R Harper and Co 19 Ava, Costa Rican b, 460, P H S Lawrance, Burmrd's Inlet -Captain Lawranco 22 Cesaren itch, A b , 304, Alexander M'Farlano, San Francisco-J B Snasev and Co 20 Baroda R.M S S , 1,874, D Rciinoldaon, Gallo - F It Kendall 27 North American, A a , 1 584 Gcorgo W Tucker, New York -Stuart, Coueho, and Co 27 L Y N, S b. 290, G R. Do Goyenichoa, Bordeaux -Curcier and Adot 28 OrtehUB, B B , GIO, C C D inker, Bczockl, Jawi -\ letona Sugar Company 29 Prince Victor, B b , 291, J Brown, Malden Island -Gricc Sumner and Co 80 Sea lli| pie B BO , 187, J Pringle, Singapore -J Henty and Co Aug 3 Superb B B , 1 151, E Jones, R N R., London - J II White and Co 5 Fleur de LIB, B B , 095, T B Roes, Liverpool - Bright Brothc-s and Co 8 St. Luden, F b 27G, A Aubriot, San Francisco Vi Ow sion and Co July CLKARKD OUT 16 Queen of Notions B s , 8i0, A Donald, San Prall cisco -Daliretv Blackwood and Co CÍBCO.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 17\. China, R.M.S.S., 2,010, C. G. Perrins, Gallo.-F. It. Kendall. 18\. Springfield, B. s., 1,021, J. S. Dwight, San Fran- cisco,-Lorimer, Marwood, and Home. 22\. Norfolk, B. s., 1,200, J. Cumming, London_W. P. White and Co. 22\. City of Agra, B.s., 1,074, T. Young, Calcutta and Madras. -Crosby and Co. 24\. Shannon, B.s., 1,202, V. H. C. Stacpoole, London. -J. II. White and Co. 25\. Tho Bruce, B.B., 1,200, J. Wilkinson, Calcutta, via Madras.-Geo. Martin and Co. 28\. Eskdale, B.s., 1,220, J. Jenkinson, San Francisco. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Homo. 28\. Culifornin, D.s., COI, S. Dcinuni, Java, via New- castle.-Victoria Sugar Company. 30\. Michel Chevalier, F. b" 394, Alphonse Fetard, Muurltlus, »'iii Nowcastlo.-Dalgety, Bluckwood, and Co. 31\. Loch Awe, B. s., 1,053, J. Stovvart, Calcutta, via Colombo.-Jos. Service and Co. Aug. 2\. Cashmere, B. s., 037, II. A. Norton, Shanghai, vifl NcvvcaBtlc.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 0\. Ben Nevis, B. s., 1,001, J. Ogilvie, Calcutta. Holmes, Whito, and Co. 0\. Prince Victor, B. h., 294, J. Brown, Maldon Island. -Grlce, Sumner, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JULY 17. China, H.M.S.S., for Point do Gallo.-1 package (a press), 4 packages papers, 1 package books, 5 packages parcels, 1 case apparel, 238 cases wine, 4 pockiges show cards, 126 nogs 60 halt-bogs flour, 10 barrels potatoes, 8 cases butter, 12 cuses moats, 8 kegs beef, 1 caso apples, 3 packages seeds, 3 bales hops, 8 cases plants, 0 tierces beef, 3 cases biscuits, 1 package drug- gist's ware, 1 package haniB, 1 packago bacon, 181 cases provisions, 1 coso bitters, 1 dog, 1 dingo, 1 package oro, 1 packago dental goods, 1 package (rug), 1 box documents. JULT 22. Norfolk, for London.-48 casks antimony rogulus, 40 bags salt, 384 Blabs. 681 Ingots tin, 7 casks black sand, 3 Illida, sand tailings, S cases Indlurubbcr, 17 bales rags, 306 bags chopped bark, 55 bales skins, 2 tanks frcBii meat frozen, 82 pipes 102 casks tallow, 4 cases ferns, 53 bundles metal sheathing, 70 tons 138 bales bark, 40 bales basils, 7 hlids. 8 quarter-casks 14 coses wine, 440 bales wool, 2,505 cases preserved moats, 77 bales leather, 31 bales bags, 2,285 cakes copper, 7 packages sundries, and 5 boxes containing 6,120oz. 16dwt 18oz. gold shipped by tho Bank of Victoria. City of Agra, for Calcutta and Madras.-4hhds. S cuses wine, 100 horses, 20 casks tallow, 175 boga 60 half-bags flour. JULY 24. Shannon, for London.-1,060 bales wool, 250 halos 1 cuse leather, HO bales basils, 15 bales scrolls, 2 bales pelts, 11 bales rabbit-skins, 1 halo goats' hair, IG bales cloth pieces, 3 bales 1 case Bklns, 405 casks tallow, 15 casks tin ore, 201 bags oro, 21 quarter-casks »rino, 2,832 cases preserved meats, 16 cases 0 casks honoy, 4 cases wrappers, 5 cascB effects, 2 coses books, 1 caao merchandise, 1 coso musió, 1 case dried plants, 14stcms ' palms, 2 cases cancelled notes, 7,457 cakes 42 cases copper, 3,408 bags bark, 240 bogs flour, 12 tons shank bones, 2 packages sundrlos. JULY 25. Tho Bruco, for Calcutta, vii Madras.-2,057 cakes copper, 200 bags flour, 840 bogs bran, 100 coses wino, 100 tons hoy and chaff, 210 horses-for Calcutta ; 200 bags flour, for Madras. JULY 31. Loch Awe, for Calcutta,-650 bogs guano, 5,400 bags boncdust, 220 coses superphosphates, 6 casks tallow, 3 cases preserved meats, 13 casks 600 bags flour, 1 case butter, 1 case cheese, 10 cases biscuits, 88 bags bran. Ano. 0. ' . Ben Nevis, for Calcutta.-70 tons fodder, 407 bags bran, 15 toni coal, 1 package condensing machinery, - 170horses. ' ? "f . .'. <.. ., . '. ' , . ' ' -- ;r -Mi ; . .; ,. t , .,. ,. ?, . 'i.' I.'l O.lJ'v ''. Aro 9 Prince Victor, for Mollien Island -2 packoecs nn»i 2 packages preserved provisions, 41 casesbiixaffi, J cases milk, 6 quarter casks treacle, 170 b_gj ,¡¿ "°> * PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE TnE DP PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. JULY 10 China, R.MBS, for Gnlle vii King n«or_.'_ Sound For King Goorge's Sound -Mr (3,i worthy. For Galle-Mr M. Green. For Bm_! bay-Mdlle. Riboldi, Mr Hudson. UeutenantB 0 Temple, Mr. Rutherford For Udcutta-Sr «¡3 Mrs. Sherriff and child For Suez-Mr Parker ?__ Malta-Mr H Wharton For Venice-Madams n!_ aislo, Mdlle. Bosielo, Mr. E C Dunn, MrH____. Smith, Mr Christopherson, Mr Glen, Mr nöbÄf? For Southampton-Mr and Mrs. D Watson ard ¡_5 children, Mr. Macnlcol, Mr John Hay, Dr IlvW Mr C P. Hobson, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Swanwick ¿fr' Davis ' mT' JULY 22 Norfolk, for London. Passenger--cabin Mrs. J K Walker, child, and servant, Messrs W. T Deverell j Thomas. John Addinell, J H Baillie, James Ha." risen, Algernon Percy, Robert Towns, Stilwell. P-itam Parke ; and 29 in tlio 'tween decks ~ ^ JULY 24 -/ em Shannon, for London Passengers-cabin "ilr and Mrs Hugh M'Lcod, eight children, and servant Mrs Hlnoa, Mrs O Owen, Mrs. Salman, Mr antl'urî Hunter, Mr. David Lyle, Mr. Goouicr, Mr. A Kurt» Mr W. Hamilton, Mr R Waller, Mr. A. J ChY? wick, Mra D Wright, Miss Paton, Mr Q B wÏÏ klnson ; and 38 in the 'tween decks GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. The following aro tho shins taking gold which hare sailed from tilts port sinco tho publication el ouï last Summary, together with tho quantities and d«. Unatlons - Date of Sailing Ship Destination Ounces. July 10 July 22. China .. Norfolk Gallo ,. London 73,034 0,126 Tho total amount of gold exported from tlio colon» Blnce the beginning of tho year 1873 Is 804 _17o_, l,017o_, 1872 tho eutiro quail ._ _ _ _. and of this totnl t wore from New Zealand land During the year 1872 tho eutiro quantity ex- ported was 818,611oz, and of this total 60,5_Goz. SALES QF PROPERTY. Mosers Jon!, BUCHAN and Co report tho follomni. rcccnt sales -Fitzroy -Brunswick street north lana 27ft x 100ft to roadway, at £3 5s per foot-£8715s . Newry street, land 60ft. x 132ft, at £2 1rs per fort £165 7B Od , Rushall crescent and M'ICcan street. four roomed wooden house, land COft x 185ft, £235 Collingwood -Oxford street, land 33ft x 93ft, 4in * at£0 7s Gd per foot-£210 , Alexander street two« roomed cottage, land 25ft x 82ft Oin , £52, Ballarat* street, land 26ft x 82ft Oin , at 20s per foot-£25. Richmond -Kent-street, land 00ft x 120ft to Little Buckingham Btreot, at 25s. per foot-£72 10s . Kent-street, land 60ft x 112ft to roadway, at 20s. per foot, Ly ndhurst and Abinger streets, land 190ft x 224ft, nearly one acre, £100 Carlton - Brierly« Btrcet, threo roomed wooden house and land, loft, x89ft to roadway, £130 , Lygon street, land COft x 103ft, allotment 11 section lu, at £3 per foot, ¿103 Northcote -Land, mitchell and Bastings streets, about two acres, £61 Hawthorn -Grattan and Creswick streets, nine roomed houso, land 51ft x 198ft, £625 loorak -Toorak, Boundary, and Heyington roads, land 4a lr _7p , at £160 per acre. £07- 3s Od Messrs GEMMELL, TCCKETT, and Co report the foi« lowing sales of property - Moorefield houso and grounds, situated on tho Merri Creek, w ith 45 acres of land, £4,600 Allotment in Collins stree!, at Dr. Howltt's corner, 22ft flin by 130ft deep, at £51 pet foot, £1,230 Allotment In Lonsdale street cist, with building tbcrcon, occupied by Lambert and Co aa leather warehouse, 21ft. Oin by 117ft deep, at £101 per foot, £2,500 Two dwcllingliuus-s, Nos 5 and 7 Alfred plncc, Bridport street, 1 mcrald hill, with land 44 x 00, £1,600 6a 3r ¿i]i of land at corner ot Malvern and Canterbury roids, loorak, at ¿275 pe acre Allotment In Little Collins street, haling 26ft. frontago by 100ft deep, w ith Miera s bakery thereon, £3,860 Allotment In 1 linders lane, near Russell street, 70ft by 69ft Oin , with file cottage, thereon, £2,014 Balgonlo colt ige, riizabcth street, North Richmond, £3.5 Allotment I» Edw ird street, Bro IIB wick, having 60ft frontage by 135ft deep, at 18s pet foot Messrs C J and T HAM report the following Sales -South Melbourne-land, 103 x 3J0, £8.1: Prahran-land, GMt 0 x 160, £139. Fitzroy-land, 13ft 3lll xlllft, with shop and dwelling, £1,600, Laut Melbourne-land, OG x 101, \ letorla parade, £853; Melbourne-land, 21x70, RtiB.ell street, £411, Col« lindwood- land, 10ft Oin x 120ft, with shop, Smith« street, £97310s , Last Collingwood- land, 17 \ 00, Ox- ford street, with weatherboard cottage, £115, Mel- bourne- land, 80 x 70, Spring street, with two dwell« lngs, £915, Melbourne-1 md, 00 x 88, William street, w itli old Treasury buildings, £5,100, 1 ltzroy-land, 22 x 95, King William street, with brick dwell- ing, £640 , Mordialloc-land, 3r 23p , £10, . it/roy - land, 40x114, with shop and dwelling, £1,200, Col« lnigwood- land, 47 x 1'5, Victona pando, £560; Mornington-land, 10a 2r , £03 , Moorooduc-land, 12 ncrc,[,£24,rriiikBton-land, lncre, £1G Foottcray, Innd 3 acres, £990, Prahran-I ind, 26 x 40, George« street, with cottage, £60 , Richmond-land, 33 x 167, Baker street, £4163 , LastMclbournc-20\90, Hoddle« street, with bnek dwelling, £650, Hawthorn-land, 244ft Oin x 81r>ft, Weinberg road, £5r,0 13s 9tl ; í it_roy - land, 80ft Gin x 101ft, Hanoi er street, with iron cottage, £275 Prahrin-land, 120ft x 181ft. Oin, Dandenong ro id C7r> Melboumo-132ft to Flinders Btrcet east by a depth of 313ft. Oin tlirougli to Flinders lane containing one acre, with Degraves 3 flour mills and freo stores, £42,2.0 MELBOURNE MARKETS SATURDAY, AUG. 9. THE MILLS Business has been transacted to a fair amount during tho week, and a decidedly firmer feeling prevails. Quotations may bo given as follow -Flour, £14 to £lí 6s , pollard, Is Od , bran, Is 6d , pearl burley, £31 ; oatmeal, £31 to £32 RETAIL MARKETS Butchers' meat nnd poultr} nro unchanged in pneo, and the market continues steady Both eggs micl butter arc easier In tone, the demand not lielng so brisk; and supplies rather more extensive Prices arc-Beef, JJd to 7d per lb , pork, Gd to Oil do , mutton, 2Jd_ toüd do Poultry-Iowls, 4a to 6a Gd pir pur; (.cese, 8a to 11B do , ducks, 4s Gd to 5s Od do ; turkc}8. 8s to 18s do Dalry Produce-Cheese, lOd. to Is Gel per lb , C(,gs, Is Gd to Is lOiL ncr dozen ; butter, Is 2d to la Gd per lb , bread, 7d per 41b loaf ; milk, Gd per quart, hums, Is 2d to Is Id per lb j bacon, Is Id to Is 2d do WOOD AND COAL. Coal is scarcely so firm in tone, and the business done has not been large. Wood and other items are unchanged. Quotations rule as follow :—Coal, 42s. 6d. to 47s. 6d. per ton, 3s. per cwt. ; wood, 1-foot billets, 14s. per ton of 40 cubic feet ; do., retail, 1s. 2d. to 1s. 6d. per cwt. ; charcoal, 2s. to 3s. per bag of three bushels ; coke, 42s. 6d. to 47s. 6d. per ton. HAY MARKET Mr JAMFS FTMOS reports -"Business continues na lost reported, Enies being dull mid prices without altération Quotations aro-Hay, £1 to £6 If s , straw, £d to £3 10B Messrs BUTLKH mid Moss report -"Tho supply has been excessive and tho demand limited, a dull marlict being the rcsul' \\\ o Bold ns follows -Hay, £110B to £0 15s , straw, £3 5s to £4 " EASTERN MARKET There was a good suppl} of vcgotablo products brought to market this morning, but In consequence of tho rainfall sales wore dull Caulifiowors being it» abundance moved off very slowly In dairy producá cheese and butter were atlast week a prices Lggs although nominal!» at last weeks ratea, »verodull ot Bale, and doubtless lower rates were accepted. Poultr} was equal to requirements, and at rcu6onnblo rates The following prices ruled - Vegetables- Jerusalem artichokes, Iel per lb, beet, Gd to Od per dozin, bouquets, 8s to 0s do ; brocoli, l8 to 3s do cabbages, Gd to 2s 6d do ; carrots, Gd to la per dozen bunches, cnullllowore. Is to 48 per dozen, celer}, 2s Gd to 4s per dozen; eres, curled, Gd per dozen bunchis .dow iter, Gd. do , garlic, 3d to 4d per lb , horseradish, 28 to 10s per dozen bunches , liok Gd do , lettuce, 3d. to Od per dozen , marjoram, Gd per dozen hunches ; mint, Gd do , onions, dried, 4a Gd to Gs Gd per cwt; do , green, öd per dozin bundies, parsley, Gd to Is» do , parsnlpB, Od to 1B do , peas, 3d per lb ; potatoes, 4s Od to 68 per cwt , kidney do, 7s to bs do radishes, 4d to Od per dozen bunches; SOLO, 6d do, savovB, Gd to 2s per dozen; spinach, l}d to 2d per lb , thymo, Gd pen dozen bunches , turnips Gd to 8d do. Fruits-Apples, 2jd to4d per lb , lemons, Od to Is. per uozen, melons, preserving 6d each, pears, 2jd. to41d perlh Dalry Produce-Butter, l8 tols.4d. per lb , choceo, Gd to 8d do , ducks, 4s Gd to 5s. per pair, eggs, la 4d.tols Gd por dozen, gceso, 78. to 10s per pair, hone, 8s Gd to 4e. 6d por pair ; hone}, Gd per lb , pigeons, 2s. to 3s per pair, pork, Gd per lb , rabbits, 2a to Sa Gd. per pair, sucking pigs, 10a to 12s each, turkc}S, 8s to 16s. per pa"" 5 hams, lOd to Is per lb , bacon, 6d to lOd. do. 