GENERAL SUMMARY. Octobor 31. Great disappointment was folt in London when 'the failure of the experimental shipment of frozen meat became known. Numerous gentlemen oonnectod with Australia wero ot tho South Dock to board the Norfolk on her arrival, and looked very blank on learning that tha meat had all beon thrown overboard. Mr Harrison met with much sympathy. He attributes tbe lailurp entirely to tho liurrieu w ay m wnic!i preparations were mado, the ship having started without affording an opportunity of testing the apparatus. On gotting to sea the leakage of cold brine, on the maintenance and circulation of which success depended, beoame excessive, and owing-to tho surrounding cargo tho loaks were not accessible. On tho thirty-fourth day, nine teen tons of meat wero thrown overboard; tho remainder was saorificod when off tbe Azores. The failure is oonsiderod only temporary. Mr Bell, a Glasgow butcher, is bringing ovor twenty-four hoad of oattlo weekly from Canada. The first consignment of Queensland sugar to test tho English markot, was sold by auction Inat week, tha prices realized being considered ' satisfactory. ? Large; quantities of Australian tinned meats hava been forwarded to the West Coast of Africa At tho Mansion Houso banquet, on tbe 21st Mr Saul Samuel made an admirable speech in responding to the toast of the British colonies. He' avowed the attachment of the Australian colonies to tho mother country, deprecated severance, and warned England against sacri ficing tho in'.egdiy o' the Bjiapiro to sordid notions of economy. Captain Wnrron'e machine for the production of artificial ico was exhibited last weok ; it is in tended principally for use in India. Tho Rev. John Graham, from Sydney, preached the inaugural sermon of the autumnal meetings' of tho Congregational Union at Ipswich. . Tho Brazilian Government granted free pas sages t'o 'Eugland to 1(34 deceived and destituto emigrants. . ThoPortugueso Government slated that owing to insufficient time they could not take part in tho epocial exhibition of wines in London next year. Count Strtfzlecki, the Aiutrailan explorer, diod in London, agod 77. The reconstructed Cubiuot bus had sevmal sittings, and tho qtipstion uf dissolving, Parlia ment was fuily discussed ; a resolution was taken to postpone the dissolution till spring. The success of the Liboral candidates at Bath and Taunton greatly disconcerted tho Conserva tive party ; a long serios of Liberal electoral defeats h id intoxicated tho Tories with oonfulonfeo and certainly of victory. This reversal of their career of tiiumph is Inrgoly duo to the indiscreet lottcr, full ol political invective, of Lord Grey de Wilton. Mr Bright, on accepting tho appointment to the Duchy of Lancastor, published au address to his constituents, whioh declares that ho has not . changed his old principles, that rather than be unfaithful to thorn ho would retire from offiot His rc-olection was unopposed. On the 22ud instant ho attended u great meotiog at Birmingham , in Bingloy Hall; 12,000 persons wero prcsen'f, inoluding representative mec from all part3 0f thu country. His speech was magnificent, and the enthusiasm of tho audieueo boundless. Ho re viewed tho great historical measures passed by tho presont Government, disavowed any responsi bility for tho Education Act, and expressed a hope that tho 25th clunso would be modified. He did not reveal any Cabinet secrets, but fore - shadowed further political and fiscal reforniB likely to be undertaken, such ns cruoty representation, incorao tax repeal, nr.*] alteration of tho land Jaws. Tho speech did much to soothe the it ritation o! the Liberal party. Tho Conservatives won the vacant seat of Hull by a small majority. Mr Reed, the shipbuilder, was defected. Lord Derby was entertained at a non-political banquet in tho Town Hall at Liverpool. Nearly 300 guests, including tho Lord Mayors of London York, and Dublin, and numerous county magis j trates, were present ; the object of the gathering was to recognise tho warm interest Lord Derby has always taken in Liverpool affairs ; he spoke upon the relations between capital and labour, glanced at tho circumstances surrounding the Ashantce war, and said that his judgmcut was in suspense regarding Ministerial responsibility for tbe war. Tbe Duke of Edinburgh, during bis stay in tho Crimea, visited Sebastop^ol and assisted at tbe trial trip of tbe ironclad Novgorod. Three thousand five hundred eleotors of Mor peth Bigncd a requisition to Thomas Burt, secre tary of the Northumberland Miners' Association, to stand for that Borough ; ho consented, and a subscription list towards dofraying his expenses was opened. Sir Samuel and Lady Bakor have arrived in London ; tbey have accepted an invitation from tho Geographical Society, of New York, to visit Amerioa next summer. Owen's College, at Manchester, coBtirg one hundred thousand pounds, lias been openod rvitb much state, under tbe presidency of the Dake of Manohester. The Bishopric of Victoria, Hongkong, is con ferred on the Rev J S. Bardon, twenty years a missionary in China. General M'Cleiland has arrivod in England from America ; and Mark Twain has becD leetur ing to largo audiences in London, Tho cases of cholera imported into Liverpool from Havre have not resulted in a spread of the disease. Since tha departure of tho Danish immigrants thore has been no outbroak in London. Cholera has deolined at tho northorn ports of Europe, but the utmost vigilance is esoroised by tbe sanitary inspectors. Tho authorities have made extensive raids upon metropolitan milkmen, fining scores for adulteration, aud in turn the latter havo held indignation meetings and passod resolutions to raise the price of milk to 5d per quart. According to tho report of the Sanitary Committee, 70 per cent of the tea imported annually is not tea at all, but leaves of othor plants. Tau million lbs of grossly adulterated tea is now in bond ; tbe committee urge immediate parliamentary notion; A handsome testimonial, subscribed for by 276 British exhibitors, was presented to Mr Oweo, secretary of the Royal Commission ut the Vienna Exhibition — it oonsisted of a silver dessert service and purse of 1300 guineos ; and Mrs, Owen received a case of Danish jewellery. The Homo Rule agitation in Ireland prooeods vigorously ; tho priesthood are giving a qunlified adhesion. Mr Butt lectured on the subject in London nnd elsewhere. Tho Irish National Commissioners onEducation have passod a resolution that on Father O'Keeffd satisfying them that ho is a fit person to exercise that trust, they will recognise him as manager of the Callan Schools. A proposal to reinstate him, however, was negatived by 10 to 4. The matter was referrod to the local inspector fqr inquiry and report. Roginald Herbert, who undertook to row from Maidenhead to Westminster Bridge in twelve hours for £1000, accomplished tho journey in ten hours, betwoen 6 and 4, Two members of tho Hackney Bicycle Club havo taken a pleasure trip to Lands End and back, 300, miles without disaster. Rupert Kettle delivered an award in connootion with the arbitration betweon tho parties in tho North of England iron trade. Tho maBtors pro posed a reduction of 15d per ton ou puddlers, and 12?? per cent on other workmen. Mr Kettle decided against the masters on all tho grounds adduoed by thorn. Meanwhilo coal and iron continuo to rise, aud the Bhares of mineral com panies advance daily. Mr. BrasBey, in an address on economy and trade, at Norwich, said he thought coal must fall in price in about two years, though never to tbe old ratos ho looks for relief mainly to new methods of economising the uso of ooal. In Mr Halliday's oponiog address at the Biiatol MinorG' Conference, ho said the Amalgamated Society bad nearly one hundred thooBaud mom I b.crs ; ho iusistod that ueikmeu had not obtained I a fair share of tho advanced ratec. Eight hunm'Oil Leicestershire minors struc!: on the weighing question. Serious riots by Cornish miners occurred at Camborne, oiiginatmg in feuds with the polios. The Nottingham luco trade strike continues. A general strike is imminent aoioug L'.itli sailois. Concessions by masters totraiaatcd tho nailers strike. In Somersetshire four torchlight processions of Agricultural laborers passed off without disorder ; about 16,000 porsons oltogcther \fcxro present; hundreds of tenant formers couatcaaucod tho pro ceedings. Railway accidents aro declining in frequency nnd severity, but still numorouB collisions bavo occurrcd. Tho Bishop of London's palaco narrowly esoaped destruction by firo ; tho et&bles;, stalls, and ooach-house wero consumed. A firo at Ardvcriko Lod^o, belonging to Sir - John Rumsden, burnt out tbo inmates and destroyed tbe Art treasuros; the loss is es imatod at £50,000. Tho adoption of asphalte pavements is rapidly spreading in London. The Transatlantic b.illoon was repaired, dbo started from New York on the morning of the 6tb, with Metsrd. Djnoldson, Ford, and Liint, going east; those men were a bailcouiat, nn artist, aiid a sailor; after n short sail uoross Connecticut, it desoended about 100 miles from the starting point, Baruutn is iu Europe consulting eminent aeronauts on tho subjo:t of a voyage botween America aud Europe. Sir Georgo Grey retires from public life at the close of the present Parliament. Tho Rev. W. Knight has resigned his ministry in tho Free Church. Mr Plimsoll was entertained at a banquet at Portsmouth. At Sheffield tho steel manufacturers ore work ing only four days a week owiDg to the dearnoss of coal. An amnesty meeting was held on Blaokhoath, and a monster gathering is announoed at Dublin for November 23, the anniversary of the execution of tho Manchester Fenians. Tho Tiohborno trial continues. Defendant's oase was concluded on the 27tb. Mr Hawkins is now calling rebutting witnesses. Lidy Rod oliffu's re-oxaminatiou lasted a whole day. She denied the testimony of ntarly all tho adverse wituosser given during the month. Great excite ment was produced by tho alleged arrival cf Arthur Ortou. Tho evidence of Captain Brown and John Line, steward of the Osprey, who declared tbey picked up Tichboroe, and br»ugbt him to Melbourne, caused much surprise. Road makiog is rapidly progressing towards tho capital of thtj Ashantees, who appear to be retreating. Ausiralian tin hr.s 'attracted attention, and it is pronounced equal in quality to the bent English tin. Davo Carson has left with a oonif.dtij' for Sydney. Judge Francis returns at tbe end of November. The Samuel Plimsoll, for Sydney, will take 110 assisted immigrants. 