gi.oiT'csponucucs- To tiie Eniron of tub Nohtukiin Annus. THE GERMANS. Deak Sin,— Yonv columns are generally open to nil parlies, ami, with your permisson, I should like to reply lo Tito's letter of tlio 23rd. lie might- have read tlio Sagas nnd other Norsk Lore, but otherwise has not ballasted the wings of his genius with the weight of knowledge ; lie refers to an Italian proverb : 1 beg to refer him to the appro priate sentence of the great German poet for which he expresses admiration : — " t'i er/cii dummlwit biimpfen, Goiter seihst veri/cbeits." In the first instance, the Germans have never placed themselves at the head of other nations ; in fact, if lie eun vend tlio best German authors lie will find Unit thoy have rather placed the Kmjlish ahead of themselves and others, thoy admit Hint Shako- spear was the greatest poet which over lived, anil Newton the greatest genius yet produced in this world ; that the German statesmen had to learn from ! English statesmen — not tlio present ones certainly, I but from Fox nnd Canning, and refer espoeinliy ns a I sample of patriotisiiion, to the hist words of the dying Chatham. " Dear Camhden, save my country,'' Only a few years ago, when Bisninrk wished to explain a. sentence of tho German constitution according to his views, lie said, ' Translate it in .French and it sounds so and so. When one of the members for Saxony replied, " It lias never beeu the habit of Germans to look for references and precedents in parliamentary matters to France, but to England," translated iu plain Eng lish it reads so and so (received with loud applause.) Just what tho Germans liavo to learn yot, is tlmt self- confidence, that high opinion which French and English liavo of themselves, and which often be comes bounce and arrogance. 'Tito continue!) : Since the time of Copernicus the intellect of Germany 1ms been found chiefly among Germans of Slavie, Danish, and Jewish origin, Moltkc himself being a Dane. Germany's greatest men happen just to bo of tlio pure German slock, Kcppler, Leibnitz, Kant, Sohlogel, Klopstook, Schiller, Goethe, ltuckcrt, Stein, and a host of others not even to mention Humboldt the greatest savant of this century, are eortainly no slaves or Jews ; and Mdllkc, 1 beg to inform Tito, wa t horn at l'archim, in Meu- lenburg, his family removed afterwards to liolsteiii, and lie was a few years at tho military school ut Copenhagen. Does Unit make him n Dane ? Then lie refers to the French Hiniueiiots which found a homo in Germany. Will lie lie good enough to mention ono single person of these which can bo compared to the ubovo- uameil ; the only man of 11011- Gorniau descent, who achieved the highest distinc tion in Prussia, happens just to be tho son of ail JOiiylishman, Ficldmnrshul i'nrh, and. although Frederick the Great was a grcut.udmirer of Voltaire, d' Alcmbort, and oilier Frenchmen, still tho man ho estimated most and the only ono who was always his intimate friend, was a Scotchman, " Marshall Frith," of whom lie said the remarkable words— " Le lam iiiilorui'a fait e.roire a la vcrta." 'Tito continues, " Lot Germany give up nil licit- Slavonic dependencies, as sho recently did the greater part of Italy." Germany lias no slavonio dependen cies except Polish 1'okoii, hut Austria has, Austria held Lomhnry and Venice uiul vainly tried in 1810 to liavo tlio wliolo Austrian otnpiro admitted into tlio Goi-1 manic Confederation thereby souuring Biiproiuiioy in tlio Muud, anil making Gormnny llablo for tlio dofonoc of non-Gorman countries; but perhaps Tito does not know the difforonao between Austria and Germany. Xlion, lio goos on, " If Germany did banislr tho .Tows whoro Would hof musical ominonoo. bo ?" Tho two bost Jowisli eomposora nro Mendelsohn and Moycrbcor, but thoir superiors, Borthovon, Mozart and Wobor, Back, Hnydon, Gluck and Wagner, aro no Jotvs. Tho Iiowor Saxons Dilmnrson and Frisons nro no Danes; for tlio tast 800 yeats llioso peasants novor woro serfs liko Iho unfortunate DauoR, for thoir froodom and solf fidvevnmont thoy fought 1111111311 battle just liko tlio Swiss in tlio south. Iu 1501 thoso Saxon ponsnnts gaiiiod tho great victory, killing some 20,000 Danes and taking tho groat standard. Those people Wore never Scandinavians, and who woro tho Norsk ? why robhors and pirates, the torror of Eng land, Franco and Flaiulors, till tho mighty German Hansk swept them off tho sons anil founded Bergen in Norway. Fnrtlior, Tito asks Where nro Gorman colonies ? what aro Estlilnnd, Liflnnd, Cour- linui portion of Transilviinia, but Gormnn eolonios, aro thoy not gradually colonising lltiHsin ? aro llioy without influence in tho States and Brazil?. What can t.licy do with their Gallic provinces? Elsnss with Strussbiirg 11 Gallic province 1 For 500 years it. lias been a frco town of Germany ; why tlio nation of -10 millions means to keep it, nml finish Krvin von Steinbacli's cathedral iilStrnssburg, which the French loft l'or the 170 years they hold it in tho same unfinished stnto, without tho .second tower, only building citadels and forts, which the Germans woro ruilo enough to knock to pieces within six weeks. Tliun lie goes oil about the German military law, call ing it. a press-gang, a press-gang in tho J'Jitylish seime can of course not exist iu Germany, for there rich and poor must servo alike, and Germans know that thoy must have their hand 011 tlio sword to bo safe, otherwise they might be conquered, and have to servo U5 i. JUuUll Ut IvllnoliUl oUIUILloi vILllllilIlj' v.Ul L1L1II I jr wants an effcctivo army quite as much as England lier navy : Germans immigrate not, so much to escai 0 their military obligations as to bettor their position, aud at all events tho last war lias shown that they flock homo from far distant countries when required. " Tito" says he lias rend the Sagas, so liavo others, but rend history at the same time. According to his ideas it is an advantage to to conquered in order to improvo tho Irfnguage ; tho Germans do not like the process, and object to be civilised by the French, aud liavo kept their language sinco lime immemorial true they have been invaded often,, but. up to tliis da3'. with somo alterations certainly ; always managed to beat the invaders in the long rim, Romans, Huns, Turks, SWceds, Dams and French, luivc only left their bones in Germany, but could not hold it, 'i'aeitus says — "Magis triumphnto quam victi sunt." " Tito" and similar writers do nnieh luisohiof — 25 years ago Germans looked 011 t he English as their bost friends, with whom tlicy had fought for centuries sido by side, now thai feeling is gradually altering, principally-owing to such articles. A groat portion of tho' English press shows a kind of potty jealousy, much to bo deprecated. The Italian press ou the other side points out Hint Italy and Gcrmnny attained both at the same, time' their unity, dwells with much satisfaction on the enthusiastic- recep tion given to Prince Humbert, and hints plainly at. an understanding against their mutual enem_y. Russian Emperors liavo often been at Berlin, and were of course welcomo visitors at the court, but tho last re ception of Alexander was different, tlio peoplo showed plainly flint tliey considered him a friend, while 011 t lie other side a certain coolness appears to arise be tween England aud Germany much to be regretted. Yours trulv. ANTI-TITO, 