Oub late telegrams leave no doubt that a cholera epidemic is gradually overspread ing Europe. It is 'cansing great mor tality at Berlin, has reached Hamburg, and sporadic ea6es atfio&g; a party of Danish emigrants destined for New Zea land, have occurred in London. Hitherto the Australian Colonies, owing, in a great measure, to their isolated position^ have escaped the visitation of this and other diseases which have periodically decimated the dense populations of Euro pean countries. But this partial isolation is becoming more and more a thing of the past.' The opening of the -Sue£ Ganal has combined with the Completion of the Anglo- Australian telegraph to strengthen and enliven that commer cial intercourse which the barriers of distance and time had so long restrained within the narrowest limits. Hand in hand therewith has come on the part of the colonies a renewed conviction of the necessity of immigration, as a primary Condition of their continued prosperity, ani the realization of this wish is in its torn seconded by the almost universal revolt of labor against the tyranny of capital in Europe. And as our inter course with the old world becomes more frequent and intense, we 6hall have to take extra precautions *&gainst; the dangers such intercourse toast, along with its undoubted advantages, entail npon ns. That the outbreak of cholera in London should have taken place among the very same class of immigrants as we ' are ourselves continually receiving from , Hamburg is hy no means a Comfortable thought, the less so, inasmuch as a vessel bound from the very port whence they ' Were originally despatched, is at this moment approaching onr shores. It may , be ; true that cholera has been shorn hy modem science— sanitary science, espe- . ciallyy of half its-terrors. It may be like wise true, that no estimate can be formed of the danger attending certain diseases , in onr pnre and healthy atmosphere, from the mortality they xjccasion in the over crowded cities and capricious climate of Europe. . But the very fact that we happily possess hardly any basis for con jecture as to the forms isnch terrible phenomena are likely to asstime- when once admitted, should act as an incen tive to vigilance rather than a pretext for inactivity. Within the last few years we have seen how the great city of Buenos Ayres, once reputed the healthiest in the world, and enjoying a climate in many respects similar to that of Australia, lost more than a third of its population through the inroads of yellow fever. Yet this fell epidemic had before then confined itself almost entirely to the torrid zone, and seemed of all diseases the least likely to mani fest itself in a city situated so far to the southward as Buenos Ayres, one lying in the same climatic zone as Sydney and Adelaide, and the very name of which ' is synonymous with ' pnre air.' We also observe that while some complaints, such as small-pox, seem when transplanted to Australia to lose mnch of their virulence, others, 6uch as diphtheria, seem to acquire here a greater malignity than elsewhere. In the case of any new disease, with the introduction of which we may be even distantly threatened, it is therefore evident that our precautions against the calamity ought to be proportioned to its possible magnitude, and that, since we have no means of judging of the latter encept from the known effects of the disease elsewhere, we are bound, in the case of one so fatal, and withal so capricious, as cholera, to be doubly on oar g^tard. Sanitary science, in its practical application, can hardly as yet be said to have obtained recognition in Australia. Widely built and thinly populated though the majority of our towns be, they nevertheless abound, through individual carelessness and ignorance, as well as Municipal neglect, in all the conditions most prejudicial to the public health. Let any one peer into the back-yards and bye-laues of j even so comparatively clean a town as j Maryborough, and doubt, if he can, that the train of an epidemic is ready laid, and that it needs but an extraneous spark to fire it ! In the course of another month the Shakspeare will enter the Bay ready to discharge her cargo of immigrants from the cholera-infested port of Hamburg. If at the time of her sailing the epide mic had not actually reached that city, it was nevertheless raging in parts of Germany from which some of her pas sengers had in all probability been derived. The risk is at all events such as to justify a far stricter quarantine of her passengers than has, fortunately, been found necessary on any previous occasions, and the necessity for such increased precaution involves, of course, that of providing adequate accommoda tion for the new arrivals at a safe dis tance from any other human habitation. This is a duty the Government owes not only to the district specially affected, but to the whole colony, since, if the germs of cholera be once planted, the whole of the settled districts, probably the whole of the Anstialian Golonies, will be exposed to danger. The few weeks that must elapse before the arrival of. the Shakspeare leave no margin for inactivity or delay. Let us hope that no time will be lost in at once carrying out the recommendations which have already been addressed to j the Executive on this important sub ject. ? . 