DONCASTER ST. LEGER. (From the & M. Htrald.') London, September 10. The St. Leger was run to-day, with the fol lowing result : — Mr. J. Merry's ch.f. Marie Stuart by Scot tish Chief — Moigan — La Faye (winner of the Oaks) ? 1 Mr. Merry's ch.c. Doncaster ? ? ? 2 Mr. H. Savill's Eaiser ? 3 Mr. Crawford's (rang Forward met with an accident while being conveyed to the races. {From the Telegraph.') SYDNEY, September 15.— Father O'Keefe accidentally shot himself on Saturday last at Murrurundi, N.S.W. The accident occurred through handling a pistol supposed to be not loaded The ball entered the unfortunate gen man's chest, and passing round the side, was extricated. There is a probability of his recovery, As afternoon performance (the last) of Thiodon's Wonders will be given at 3 p.m. The exhibition will be repeated in the evening, for positively the last time. We have but space to urge our readers not to miss the opportunity of witnessing tliis interesting exhibition. A KAN named John Croft was yesterday brought before the Bench, charged with com mitting a cowardly assault in Brisbane. The apprehending constable deposed to having arrested prisoner on board tbe steamer Queens* land on the above charge. Prisoner was re manded for three days for tbe production of the warrant. „ Helsham's buildings, near the Steam Packet Hotel had another narrow escape from being destroyed by fire on Thursday. Mr. W. Bolme, whilst sitting in his office, which is situated in the buildings, heard a match strike, and going to his back door found that some industrious children had built and ignited a bonfire, com posed of straw and paper, under tbe house. The children, bearing some one coming, had run off and left the^ fire burning. A bundle of bedding and six iron bedsteads arrived by the Brisbane steamer, forwarded by the Government as ' furniture for the Lock Hospital.' It is satisfactory to learn that at last some, thing practical is being done to improve the navigation of our river. Mr. Anderson, the shipwright, has obtained the contract for over hauling and putting the silt punt, now lying moored near the powder magazine, in servicea ble condition. A telegram has been received by the Vice President of the hospital from the Government, placing the Lock Hospital building at the dis posal of the committee, should they require it. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Council takes place on Tuesday. The follow ing notices of motion have been tabled : — By Alderman Hutchins . ' That this Council is I of opinion that the conduct of our Mayor, with | reference to the receiving of the Minister for Lands, was a direct insult to the aldermen, and thatwebeg that he will resign, we having no confidence in him as Mayor.'' By the same: ' That the Town Surveyor be instrncted to pre pare plans and specifications for a town hall. I the dimensions of said hall to be not less than 70 feet long by 35 feet wide, with offices at ] each., side of tbe hall for town surveyor, lrspec tor of nuisances, rate collector, town clerk, and j committee rooms. The same to be built of hardwood, excepting tbe floor ; and also to j give this Council an estimate of the cost of ; same, to be ready for next meeting.' By the same : ' That a sum of money be expended at once in the draining of Adelaide-street, from Ellena to Alice-street, under, the supervision of the Town Surveyor, with day labor.'* By the same : ' That a sum of money be expended at once on the draining and forming of Lennox- 1 street, from the Police Barracks to Alice- street, under the supervision of the Town Surveyor, with day labor.' By Alderman Graham : 'That Adelaide-street be opened for public traffic' (through the reserve). The Honorable the Minister for Lands visited the Immigration Barracks on Thnrsday morning, in company with Mr. W. Davidson (the Immigration Agent having been called away). On first being shown the site of the depot the hon. gentleman expressed his dis satisfaction that it should have been placed in the centre of the most busy part of the town. He was in favor of depots being always built in some healthy position in the suburbs. En tering the various wards, he made particular enquiries of the sub agent, Mr. Green, as to tbe number of immigrants who on one occasion had been stowed away in each, and as to the culinary appliances provided. His face plainly indicated the surprise and disgnst he felt at tbe state of things suggested thereby. In one of the wards he noticed a pile of mattrasses, and asked Mr. Green whence they came? Mr. Green answered that many of them were brought out by the ship Reichstag. Mr. Graham ordered them to be instantly burned as he had heard typhoid fever had been on the ship. Mr. Green said he would have de- stroyed them before, but was waiting instruc tions. A box drain is being constructed across the yard. Mr. Graham asked where it led to -—where it wonld discharge ? He was an swered that it would discharge into the road, but, probably, the Corporation would continue tbe drain down past the Custom-house. Mr, Graham suggested that as far as he could see it wonld have been better to have carried it at once to the river across the Reserve. The last bell of tbe steamer having rung, Mr. Graham then hastened on board. Fbom what we have heard during the last few days, we are more than ever confirmed in the opinion that a public meeting at the Court House was not the proper mode of dealing with such a question as that of foreign immigration' one jarring with so rude a touch on the suscep tibilities of many of our most valued fellow citizens. That the same feeling prevailed with many who were present at the meeting was evident from tbe apologetic tone of most of the speakers, one of whom went so far as to ignore entirely the published words of the requisition in consequence of which it was called, and to assert that the intention was only to expose the abuses of wbich such ships as the Alardus are a type. The statement was likewise volun teered that the meeting was, if not got up, at lenst strongly supported by a ' Danish Society,' from which it has been inferred that a slight remnant of international jealousy between the two foreign nationalities may be at the bottom of the affair. It is a pity that such an impres. sion should prevail, because we are assured that it is destitute of foundation. It might be some relief to the British portion of the community to find that the Scandinavian Society were willing to identify themselves with a not very seemly demonstration against their own countrymen and the Germans, but several members of the society, to whom we have spoken, utterly repudiate any connection with the meeting in the form it assumed. We can only repeat what we have urged before, that a quiet representation to the authorities on the part of those residents who naturally and justi fiably feel aggrieved at the almost exclusive in flux of foreigners, would have answered every purpose, without provoking invidious compari sons or giving needless offence. The open drain which collects the slops and sewage of the Custom House Hotel is now in a fine condition for breeding any amount and variety of disease. The ' levels,' which play bo conspicuous a part in the history of our municipality, are so contrived as to compel the foul mixture to stagnate right under the Col' lector of Customs' office window. That gentle' man has our profound sympathy, and we are Dot at all surprised to hear that he has given the Mayor notice of his intention to indict the Corporation for a nuisance, if tbe evil is not at once removed. Now that arrangements are in progress at tbe Depot for discharging the drainage from that source into an open gutter on the opposite side of the road, a golden opportunity presents itself for uniting the twin rills by a box-drain, thereby tapping the Stygian lake aforesaid, and demonstrating in a very interesting manner the tendency of nasti ness to seek tbe lowest level. And, Inasmuch as such level will be represented, in the presen case, by the ground adjoining the wharves- passengers, on stepping ashore at Maryborough, cannot fail to be impressed with the ' sweet ' situation of our town. Some of them, indeed, feeling themselves too gross and earthly for the enjoyment of such celestial fragrance, may be tempted to exclaim — An ounce of civet, good apothecary, To sweeten mine imagination. An addendum has been made in the condi tions for leasing the Mingo ferry. The success ful tenderer will have to be provided with an anchor and chain to be prepared against accidents, should the Government chain snap- The Darling Downs correspondent at Dalby wjites : ' Mr. P. Landy has consented to aliow himself to be put in nomination for this elec torate. An active canvass is in progress on his behalf, and a requisition to him from the elec tors already shows a large number of signa tures. A Cardwell correspondent of the Empire mentions that ' Brinsley G. Sheridan, Esq., our late P.M., has left for Brisbane, being suc ceeded by a Mr. Giffin, from Rockhampton.'1 