TOWNSVILLE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. ) September 23. THE gold discovery near the Palmer River is causing some excitement here and a few of the sanguine sort have left for that region; but as a general thing the people here are disposed to await more definite news before advising others to follow in the same direction. There is a movement on foot here for railway or tramway communication between this port and Charters Towers. There is good country for general settlement on the route and a large population is already settled inland. The desire is for a railway to be subsequently con- tinued to the Gulf, to Cardwell and then across to meet the proposed Port Darwin railway. I am informed by a gentleman just come from the Herbert that the cane there is looking splendid. The crushing on one plantation is producing three and a half tons per acre. There is no doubt that the Herbert is a fine sugar district, and there are thousands of acres of good land waiting to be taken up further north. The party under Mr Hill has proceeded up to the Endeavor River in the Flying Fish, and we shall look with great interest for the report on the expedition. The concert which was to have come off in aid of the Church of England, to pay the balance of the money due for the bell, has been postponed sine die, owing if I understand rightly, to the lack of ladies to take part in it. Unlike the southern ladies who come out so strong at the Musical Union Concerts, our fair of Townsville cannot bring themselves to give the public the benefit of their musical talents — so, sad to relate — the concert is only an abstract idea. Foundation piles are being laid for a separate girls' school in the school paddock. It is to be on equal dimensions with the present building and will probably be completed before Christmas. The present building is far too small for the attendance, the verandah having to be used for teaching purposes. The separation of the boys from the girls will also, I believe, prove bene- ficial, as I am not one of those who believe that the mingling of the sexes is productive of healthy tone and chivalrous feeling in a school. The General Inspector has been on a tour to the Towers and Ravenswood, where it is the intention to provide school accommodation at once. The Boomerang has arrived, and we daily expect the James Paterson. Rumors are rife of a batch of steamers being laid on in the Southern Ports to bring the "Palmers" here. We hope it is not the case. At last a new steamer is to be provided for Townsville. We have long suffered with the busy Bee, but her labors are to be brought to a close and a Bunyip is to take her place. Two schooners, the Northern Light and the Black Hawk, have departed for Macassar Strait to fish for beche-de-mer and pearl shell. This trade is growing daily. Our last consignment of immigrants don't seem to move off. The Cleveland Bay Express, whose office is next door to the depot, feelingly exclaims, " Where, oh where, are the employ- ers ? They don't seem to come, so we go on feeding our Danish friends, and threatening them with the inspector of nuisances" — why, I need not particularise. A boiling spring has been discovered sixty miles from Carpentaria Downs. It is reported as quite fresh, 10 feet deep, and 15 foot wide. Surrounding the spring pure white salt is ob- tainable in any quantity. A soap factory is about to be established by Mr Fletcher, Mayor of Townsville. This will be a great boon to the North, which imports large quantities of soap. I enclose copy of a letter just received from a friend at Millchester :— "You have of course heard all about the Palmer rush, but likely have no idea of the excitement it has caused here. Yesterday was the great clearing-out day, although for the last week thirty or forty men a day have been leaving. The streets yesterday looked like the wharf alongside an emigrant ship — a long string of drays on the berth for the Palmer, on both sides of the roadway, and the road and side- walks covered with a miscellaneous assortment of tools, cases, tinware, swags, fireams, and noisy emigrants. The blacksmiths were some of them at work when I turned in at midnight." 