LATEST TELEGRAMS. From the Sydney Papers. bectee's austbalian associated pbess telegrams. Monetary and Commercial. London, August 2. The Bank of England rate of discount re mains at 3.V per cent. — Money is easier in the Continental markets, and discounts are falling. — Stocks are firmer. — Debentures are quoted as follows : — New South' Wales Five per cents. — January-July — 106 j Queensland Sixes, 110. — Union Bank shares, 43j; Bank of South Australia, 32; English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank, 20. — Copper of of all kinds is quiet ; Australian is quoted at £80' to £87, for cash. — Tin is steady ; Straits slab, £130. — Australian tallow has improved. — Wool and wheat are unchanged. — Best sides of Australian leather sell at 12d. to 13d. per lb. — Hides are steady at Oijd. per lb. for first heavy and Gid. per lb. for best light. — Sydney coconnut'oil, £27 to £31. Wesleyan Methodist Conference. London, August 2. The Rev. George T. Perks, M.A., has been elected President of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference for the ensuing year. Cholera. London, August 2. The rumour that cholera had broken out a week ago was contradicted, but two cases have since occurred among some Danish immigrants e?i route for New Zealand, and the whole of the party have been placed under medical care. An Egyptian .Loan. London, August 2. A new Egyptian loan is announced of £32,000,0000. MELBOURNE, Monday. The negro Wallace, convicted and sentenced to death for the Mount Beckworth outrage, is ordered for execution on Monday next. ? Halpen Carlton, convicted in the manslaughter case, has been sentenced to one month's impri sonment. The Racing Club meeting passed off without discussion. A new committee was elected. The Southern Insurance Company has declared a dividend of 7% per cent. Tho Plate-class Insurance Comnanv has de clared a dividend of 10 per cent. A telegram has been received from Mr. Grace, submitting the names of a cricketing team, and the arrangements are now complete. Tho Faculty of Law in connection with tho University have appointed Professor Hearn as Dean of the Faculty. He has resigned his pro fessorship of history and political economy. Tho Superb had bad weather on the voyage j during a heavy sea the chief officer had one of his legs broken, and the surgeon fractured ono of his arms. Others received contusions. Tuesday. At the Hobson's Bay Railway Company's meeting, to-day, a dividend of G per cent, per annum was declared. A warder at; Yarra Bend Asylum has recovered £75 in an action against the Omnibus Company, for injuries sustained. The Melbourne City Council have resolved to withdraw their objections to the South Mel are made similar to those contained in the Mel bourne and Colhngwood Gns- Companies Act. A telegram has been received irom the com mittee of the Balmain regatta, announcing that they are willing to let the Melbourne champion crew enter as amateurs. At a meeting of the shareholders of tho Bauk of Victoria, hold this day, a dividend of 10 por cent, was declnred. LAUNOESTON, [via Melbourne,] Monday. Tenders for Government debentures (5 per cents.) were opened to-day.' They range from par to 1-i premium. The members of the new Ministry were sworn in to-day. They are considered antagonistic to Northern interests, and it is thought that they will not last long. Another dissolution is ex pcoted. ADELAIDE, Monday. Fifty thousand tons of potatoes, it is expected, will be produced this season at Mount Gambier. A private telegram speaks very highly of several claims in the Northern territory. 