LATEST TELEGRAMS. : • MBLBOtJBira, Friday, fie Poultry Show continues to attraot a largo attendance. Mr M*Phersoo's resolution for a free press message hai been Withdrawn. A new irrangemont will probaply be brought about. A large number oT turfites sailed to-day for Sydney, The breadstufiii market is depressed. • Flour and wheat are unaltered, i . „ _ BYDVBY, Friday. JS«» Kiesllen'qr the Governor has received a telegram announcing the death of his mother in London. A strong gale blew yesterday, and the schooner Mary foundered near KeWcaatle. Four lives were lost. The following horses have been aoratched for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap i—Ace, Wombo, Priam, Beprieve, Silver Fox, finrbiton. _ „ . , v , ABEIIIBB, Friday. The Chief Inspector of sheep reporta that South Australian flocks are dean. Tbe Omeo left Palmenton yatorday, with eleven passengers. Wheat dull at 6s 9d. ! MsiwmwB, Thursday. la the import markets a fair amount of business haa -been transacted. The prinoipal sales, however, all wept through the auction rooms. In breadstufia there is po change to report on flour. At the public sale of flofr thiB forenoon a considerable advance waa realised onithe rates obtained laat week for tbe aame brands, hut the market haa not been affected thereby in either caae. Trade lots continue to bo diapoaed of at £11 to £U 6s. Deslers* parcels have been in better request, end £18 10s can readily be obtained | but holders, in the face of wheat being ao scarce, are inclined to be etiffer, and demand up to £13 16a, Wheat ia very much wanted, but parcels are not to be met with. Under the hammer 6s 3}d was got for what was only considered a fair eample, and inferior sold at Ss 8d. LONDON, August 1. Parliament has adjourned until Tuesday, previous to the prorogation. A discussion has taken place in the House of Commons on the question of Ministerial responsibility. It arose out of tbe repudiation by Mr Ayrton, the First Oommiaaioner of Works of anlestimatr, which had been snbsequently rltered by the Treasury. Mr Gladstone disagreed with Mr Ayrtoo's dictum, LONDON, August 2. The rumored case of cholera, a week ago, was contradicted. Two cases oocurred among eome Danish emigrants en route for New Zealand. Tho entire patty has been placed under medical care. The Rev. Mr Perks has been elected aa President of the Wesleyan Conference. la tbe House of Commons, Mr Sclater-Booth criticised the management of the Treasury, and Mr Lowe, in reply, promised that order and regularity should benoefortn prevail. A minority of 18 in the House of Commons opposed the incresse to the allowance of the Duke of Edinburgh. The appointments Of Sir Geo. Jeaael and Mr Fitzjamos Stephen are unoon firmed. Lovdov, August 4. A railway accident has occurred at Wigan, by which 14 persons were killed. Mr Board, a Conservative, has been elected member for Greenwich. The English, French, and German commanders have agreed to prevent excesses on the part of the Spanish insurgents' ships. LONDON, July 31. Tbe raoe for the Goodwood Cup took place to-day. There was only a small field. Distance, 2t miles. 16 ubs. Mr Defevre's ch e Flageolet, by Plutus—La Favorite, 1; Baron Rothschild's ch b Favonius, by Parmesan—Zephyr, 2; Mr Seville's b c Creuiorne, by Parmeean—Eegolboclie, 3. DHESDEK, August 1. King John of 8axony ia alarmingly ill, and grave fears are entertained as to his recovery. He was born in 1801. MADBID, August 2. The insurgents are in arms in several parts of Spain. In Seville they are burning the oity with petroleum. An insurgent squadron, consisting of five gunbiats and two frigates, is bombarding Almeria, a seaport in Andalusia. At Carthagena the insurgents have formed a Ministry in oppoaition to the general Government, and in Valeotia the Goreramer.t is negotiating with the insurgents. Don Carlos has entered the province of Biscay. Tbe Government troops have occupied Suville. NEW YOKE, July 81. The Government bonded warehouses in New York haw been destroyed by fire. firoiTEY, Monday. The whaler Bobert Towns haa been lost at St. Bartbolomrw'e Island, in the South Seas. Thirty of tlie crew have reached Brisbane, but fire were lost. The veaael waa insured for L2.000 in tbe Sydney Marine Office, end L2,000 in the General Insurance Company. The inquest on Muggeridge, I he murdered team ster, has been adjourned until Thursday. ADELAIDE, Monday- A subscription for the widow of the late Captain Wittacombe, recently murdered, has been started. Mr Bundey has been elected commodore of the Yacht Club. • Fifty thousand tons of potatoes are expected to be produced this season at Gambierton. A private telegram speaks highly of sereral Northern Territory olaima. SrDKEr, Tuesday. The blacks have murdered a atockman on (he Easthill Station, near Broadaound Captain ' Christie, Ute of the 80lh Regiment, haB been appointed brigade-major of volunteers. A policeman named U'Q.uadchas obtained a verdict of £30 against on Zeona, a tailor, for making an unfounded complaint to the Inspector- General. The Marine Board has ordered tbe prosecution of the owner of tbe barque Kalahome for sending the the vessel to sea without a chief officer. Madame Arabella Goddard and Mr Bennett, the lessee of the Victoria Theatre, -will devote tbe proceeds Of the fsrewell concert on Friday to the charities. Tbe Sydney Meat-preserving Company intend increasing their capital. The Queenaland greyhound Bengal Light ha< arrived here, en raute for Melbourne, to compete for the Waterloo Cup. Patriarch and Kingcraft have been scratcbod for the Metropolitan. ABBKAIDE, Tuesday, A meeting was held at Hindmarsb list nigbt, at which resolutions were passed opposing free immigration. It has been resolved to establish a scholarship to the memory of tbe late Mr May, master of St. Peter's College. The total rainfall of this year has exoeeded the average of tbe last St yean. The Chief Secretary, in reply to a deputation to- day, stated that he would urge upon the home Government to raise the standard of wine, as recommended by tbe Intercolonial Conference at Sydney. Tbe Cable Company's staff at Banjccwaiigio have reoovered from fever. Telegrams from Yam Creek slate that nuggetty alluvial gold has been found cn the Port Darwin claims, two feat from the surface. A splended laador haa been etruck in Neate's olaim. C 