HIGH TIMES AMONGST THE SPIRITUALISTS. It is wonderful to what an extent credulity can go. Two persons named Peebles and Dunn — the latter a very suggestive name — have visited Victoria and New Zealand; and because they called themselves " spiritualists," they have been treated with great respect, and regarded by some almost as apostles of a new religion. There were no tricks nor deceptions performed by them which could not be surpassed by any professional con- jurer ; nevertheless, hundreds of persons believe that these impostors have had intercourse with the spirit world. After leaving Melbourne they went to New Zealand, and an Otago paper thus records their last appearance there:—" A fare- well soiree was given at Dunedin, at the Odd- fellows' Hall, March 21, to Messrs. Peebles and Dunn. There were on the platform Mr. Thomas Redmayne, who presided, and Messrs. Peebles and Dunn ; and in the body of the hall, ladies and gentlemen to the numer of nearly 200. The hall was elegantly decorated with evergreens and flowers. Mr. Redmayne made some appropriate remarks, read an address to Messrs. Peebles and Dunn, and presented Mr. Peebles with a purse of seventy-five sovereigns, and a sum of £25 for passage money—in all £100. Messrs. Peebles and Dunn were also each presented with a greenstone pendant mounted in gold. Mr. Peebles then spoke, saying that in Dunedin they had been to some degree vili- fied, not because of wrong lives or immoral acts, but because they bad expressed their conscien- tious convictions, which differed from the con- victions of those who as ailed them. Was toleration a dream yet ? Relative to Dr. Dunn's levitation and immunity while in a trance state from the effects of fire, Mr. Peebles said he had seen Dr. Dunn lying on a sofa entranced, and saw him raised by some unseen force or power and floating in the atmosphere. As to the other point—he was sceptical of the Bible account of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego coming uninjured out of the burning furnace, but the spirit of an Italian chemist told him such was possible. Following the direction of the spirit, he, while Dr. Dunn was in a trance, lifted the chimney off a burning kerosine lamp, took the doctor's hand and placed it on the flames. The flames came up between the fingers. It was on the flame for five minutes, and when he wiped the black soot off, he saw that the hand was as well as before. He asked the spirit how it was done, and the spirit in reply told him it was easier to do than to explain, but said it had constructed a refined etherealised coating of atmosphere around Dr. Dunn's hand, which rendered the hand impervious to the heat, and that it could envelop, and protect from burning the whole of the body of a person in that way. Dr. Dunn, in making his address, said he be- lieved Dr. Copland would regret using the low epithets he had heaped on him, Mr. Peebles, and spiritualists generally. Dr. Copland had called to his assistance both lawyers and minis- ters. At his first lecture there spoke a minister. And such a minister! At his second lecture there spoke a lawyer. And such a lawyer !— (laughter)—the Aminadab Sleek of Dunedin. (More laughter.) If he were a representative of what the bar of Dunedin was he pitied that bar; he (the lawyer) was better fitted to adorn the bar of a bar-room than the bar of a court of law. The hall, after the addresses were given, was cleared for dancing, which followed. Refreshments were catered by Messrs. Donald- ton and Galloway." THE Gipps Land Times has been made the victim of a mining speculation swindle:— " Referring to a paragraph in our issue of the 18th, relative to the Bismarck crushing, we mentioned, on the authority of a telegram, that a yield of 980 ounces and a dividend of 6s. had been declared. The telegram was shown to us; the name attached to it was that of one of the miners employed on the claim ; we had, there fore, at that time, no reason to doubt its authen- ticity. Subsequent events, however, came to our knowledge, which led to further enquiry, and it would now appear that the first telegram was sent with the fraudulent intent of enabling speculators to sell at a price above the real value. It has been ascertained by Mr. Curtain, to whom the telegram was addressed, that it was not forwarded by the individual whose name it purports to be sent in. Not many hours after the receipt of the telegram an attempt was made to sell shares in Sale before the authentic return of the crushing was re oeived. Man«suvres of this kind tend simply to dry up the souroes from which our goldfields have hitherto derived a large proportion of the funds by which the miners have been sup ported and mining enterprises carried on. We understand that the assistance of the police will be invoked to clear up the mystery of the * Bis marck telegram.' " Thb Bobart Town Mercury lately published " Some Passages from old Papers," issued in Van Diemen's Land, in 1816-17, one of which shows in what a curious state matrimonial relations must have been amongst the colonists, most of whom belonged to the convict class. It is stated:—" The softer sex, it seems, seldom in those days got the whiphand of their partners, and our faith in the old adage about the mare being generally the best horse receives no confir mation from the records of 1816, or thereabouts, which give at least three examples of the holy alliance being dissolved by the most summary of processes—namely, the hammer of the auc tioneer. Husbands were not all of the simple ton class half a century since, and in place of letting their wives go, as we do new, when found not to suit, they made the most of them, ia the commercial manner related just above. In the first of the transactions, tbe lady, it may be be inferred, was a most desirable lot, the hammer remaining up till the bidding reached the fabulous height of ' Fifty Ewes, etc' the 'etc.* neaning a modi cum of rum, whioh formed part of every bar gain in Davey's time. The second of these interesting sales took place in October, 1816. But in this case the bidding was not spirited, and the hammer dropped at ' Fitb Pouhdb and a gallon of rum'—a miserable price (con sidering the article) at which the editor of the Gazette remarks despondingly:—• We may conclude this new sort of merchandise is on the decline.' But editors were not more pro phetic in those days than they are now, for the market hardened most satisfactorily a few months afterwards, and at the third of these sales, the lady (whose personal appearance is most unfavorably described), ' to tbe amaze ment of all present, was sold and delivered to a settler' for twenty ewes and the everlasting ' one gallon of rum/ at which the editor takes new heart, and concludes a glowing account of the exciting business thus:—• From the great variety of bidders, had there been any more in the market, the sale would have been very brisk.' " The adjourned half-yearly meeting of the Spring Creek Tin Mining Company was held on Saturday, April 5, at the company's office, Queen-street. A considerable number of share holders attended. The Hon. J. Gibbon pre- sided. The report and balance-sheet, which were read at the last meeting, were unanimously adopted. Tbe following gentlemen were elected as directors for the ensuing year—viz., Messrs. J. Gibbon, H. G. Simpson, F. A. Forbes, C. Street, mad James Warren; Messrs. John Stephens and G. H. Newman were appointed auditors. We (Border Post) learn with considerable regret that the detective officer is to be removed from Stanthorpe, and that we are to be left totally unprotected, so far as that branch of the service is concerned. This seems to us to be an egregious error on the part of the head of the department, as Stanthorpe, from its peculiar position, its growing importance, and its close proximity to the Border, should be more libe- rally " officered" than almost any other town in Queensland. There is no place where detectives are more required than in a rising diggings town. Forged cheques, horses stolen, gents in difficulties bolting, and last but not least, even the ladies robbed of their clothing, money, and jewels. So far from removing the detective officer from Stanthorpe, we consider we should be allowed the services of two—one to be always in or near the town, and the other patrolling the district. The population on the Sugarloaf alone is newly two thousand, and on the increase ; we can speak from experience as to the necessity of a visit from an officer to that quarter occasion- ally. If we are to be left with insufficient police protection in this district, we fear that it will entail the necessity of taking "a great amount of law into our own hands." Thb Melbourne Zfcn/jr Tetegropk says that the perfection of " ebcek" v to be found amongst memberi of tbe Legislative Coaneil of I Victoria:—« The February mail carried away to Europe one member of our little Senate in the person of the Hon. Mr. Graham, who deigned not to say a word to hu constituents on the subject of his departure, and Friday's steamer oonreyed the Hon. J. P. Bear. Mr. Bear publishes a brief address, in which he in timates that he will be absent probably for the whole of the ensuing session. It might be ex -1 pected that the next sentence would be that the hon. gentleman had resigned the trust he was incap tble of discharging; but no such thing. I King James, when he fled, threw the Great Seal into the river, and Mr. Bear takes his honors home in his pocket, pocketing also his £300 per annum." A Yioiuuav paper narrates the following incident:—" Not very long ago, as a party of notables, including a portly, venerable-looking member of the Legislature, were doing the lions of Beechworth, it chanced that they paid a visit to the lunatic asylum. After inspecting the dormitories and yards in which tbe male patients were taking their exercise, and having a general look through the building, they pro* eeeded to where the women were taking their daily strolL Scarcely had they entered, when one of the patients, a gaunt female of uncertain age, made a sudden rush at the venerable M.P., exclaiming,'Ha! what do I behold; my long lost husband;' and proceeded to overwhelm him with the most demonstrative token* ot affection. Completely dismayed, the M.P. who is not usually easily abashed, was powerless in the hands of the unfortunate creature,ani there seemed to be a possibility of his being reduced to the condition of poor old Uncle Ned, so far as the covering for his head was concerned, had not the medical officers and attendants come to his resoue. The poor victim of a wandering imagination was lad away to her cell, protesting most vehemently against being torn from one whom she loved more than her life; the un fortunate object of mistaken identity retired to arrange his dishevelled locks, protesting that he had had quite enough of lunatic asylum visiting." Thi Port Darwin correspondent of a Bouth Australian paper telegraphed on March 17 :— " Various parties having formerly visited Mel ville Island, the Government Resident wished to ascertain the object of these visits, and ao cordingly organised a tarty to go by the Flying Cloud, consisting of Messrs. Peachy, Barrow, Little, Cox, Reynolds, Hood, Stevens, and him self. He intended communicating with the natives, and went inland and shot a buffalo, but saw no blacks. On returning to the beach he found the boat's bottom stove in. The natives then attaoked the party on the beach with spears and stones. Numerous shots were fired, but with what results is unknown. Barrow, Btevens, and two of the men patobed the boat,' went the vessel to get it further repaired, and then sent back for the remainder of tbe party. The natives were very ferocious, and repeated their attacks, notwithstanding the heavy fire opened upon them None of the party were injured. On arriving on board they found the captain preparing a raft as the cutter was unable to get close in. They landed on the north-east portion of the island. They started from Port Darwin on Friday, and returned on Sunday. The Government Resident officially warns future excursionists to the island of the danger from the natives.—Mr. Dillon Cox is selling beef at Is. a pound all round." A Wutohe) Dbath.—The Bendigo Ad* vertiter reports that a woman named Ann Broom was found dead in her hut, Back Creek, on Saturday morning. At the inquest held, Mary Broom, a little girl, daughter of deceased, deposed that she lived with her mother at Back Creek by themselves. She did not know how many days her mother had been sick in bed. During that time she only had soup on Friday from a neighbor, Mrs. Finane. The other days she had grapes and a little bread. Mrs. Finane used to give witness some things to eat when her mother was sick. During that time witness prevented people coming in at night. On Friday evening she asked her mother, who was lying on the bed covered up by the olothes, to say, " Mary" (witness' name), but she could hardly say it. Witness sat on a little box, without a candle or any fire, until 7 o'clock, and then went to bed with her mother. She spoke to her mother after the Bchuca train passed, and got no answer, and thought she was asleep, and went to sleep also. Before that Constable Rogers came to look for a man. Witness slept till daylight, and on getting up saw her mother was dead. Her mother was in bed last Sunday, 16th instant.—Constable Clark deposed that deceased was a prostitute; that her husband had left her, and was at Carlsruhe. He found deoeased dead on the bed. He never saw deceased except in drink.— Medical evidence showed that the cause of death was tubercular disease of the lungs, accelerated by want of proper nourishment, aad exposure on thote cold nights in her miserable hut. The jary gave a verdict in identical terms, adding the words, " the result of dissipation and drunkenness." Thb Bouther* Crou reports the meeting of Sir George Bowen with the natives at Ngarua wahia, on the ISth ultimo. Two valedictory addresses were read to His Excellency by the natives assemble*], and Sir George Bowen de livered a lengthy address to them in reply. He congratulated the Maories on the peace that prevailed, and expressed his belief that the Europeans and the Maories would grow into one people, and assured them that, though he was about to become the Governor of a neighboring colony, he should always watch their proves* with affectionate interest. Sir George Bowen went on to say that all the Maori political prisoners had been set free by him; and that it was proposed to proclaim an amnesty in the name of the Queen for the past acts of rebellion and the politic*! offences. This act of grace and clemency he hoped would further cement the friendly relations now existing between the two races. The ceremonies wound up with the usual Maori form of making submission by lay ing mats at the feet of the Governor. On the 14th instant, at Auckland, the members of the Archery Club presented Lady Bowen with a silver shield prior to her ladyship's departure from tbe colony. It was made by Mr. Kobn, and on one side is engraved a sketch of Auck land Harbor, looking towards the north shore, and on the other a suitable inscription. Xhis (•ays the Crou) will no doubt serve as a pleas ing memento to Lady Bowen of her residence in Auckland, and her connection with its Archery Club, of which she was a distinguished and skilful member. MiDDBi/rov, the Geelong cattle dealer, who pleaded guilty to forgery, has been sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. The estate has been declared insolvent. Tbe Geelong Adver tiser, of Saturday last, says a searching investi gation will he made. The total liabilities, amounting to nearly £8000, are divided, to a great extent, between a few firms. That of Messrs. Guthrie, Bullock, and Co., figures very prominently on the schedule, and it would seem that they very narrowly es caped being losers to • larga amount. Quoting from the schedule filed, it would appear that, between the Ist and 14th March, the firm in question lent the insolvent cash to the amount of £2270, and that he owed them alto gether about £2500. Their losses, however, are somewhat reduced by the security, namely, about 6000 ewes and wethers, valued at £2651 12« 6d. The Bank of New South Wales ap pears to be the next largest sufferer, whose losses have been materially diminished by the happy interposition of the general sessions and Judge Skinner. The insolvent's overdraft is £342 3s. Bd., to which must be added the dis honored acceptance for £537 10s., purporting to be signed by John M'Lenuan, of tbe Little River, and endorsed by insolvent, but which he admitted to be a forgery. In addition to this, there are bills amounting to £2296 10s., for which he is contingently liable, one of which, for £550, belongs to Messrs. Guthrie, Bullock, and Co., and expired on the 16th March. The bank, however, has evidently been sufficiently prudent to obviate any necessary risk, and holds the whole of insolvent's interest in vari ous lands and buildings, even to his life in surance policy, as security for the payment of bis liabilities. The rest of tbe creditors princi pally belong to Melbourne and BaUarat, th« firm of Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. figuring to a large extent j but it doaa not appear that thfrt will ba much to divide amongst tn«n« A nsouLiß accident, whioh might have been attended with serious results, occurred the other^ day, (the Ovens and Murray Advertiser reports), wh.le the children were enjoying themselves at the picnic in connection with the Tackanda»dah state school. One of tbe girls was enjoying a swing, when in some unaccountable manner, she managed to hitch the rope round her neck. She would certainly have been banged, had not a young man on the ground notioed her predicament, and climbing up the other rope hand over hand, cut the piece in whioh she had become entangled. Fortunately, a aevere ssre throat was the only result of this involuntary suspension. Ik noticing the annual treat given to the Hornbreok Bagged Schools the Melbourne Telegraph says:—" There were children present to the number of between 700 and 800, repre senting ten schools, five of whioh were from Collingwood, two from the City of Melbourne, two from Prahran, and one from Bichmond. The children were taken to the spot selected in vans, and on their arrival were.regaled with quantities of cakes, fruit, and other nice things, to their hearts' content. Ihey afterwards en gaged in various games, and seemed to thoroughly enjoy their day's outing. The pro ceedings were superintended by a number of ladies and gentlemen connected with and who take an interest in the schools. These schools are filled by children of the lowest and poorest class, and are conducted on strictly undenomi national principles. The education is ele mentary, and the Bible is the class book. Each school has a committee of ladies who, betides visiting the parents and doing their best to induce them to send their children to ichool, take upon themselves the task of making up and mending clothes for their use. That the latter duty is not neglected it very evident, for the children assembled in the Bichmond Paddock yesterday could by no means be called ragged, and would bear comparison with many whose , parents are well to do and able to afford te olothe their offspring decently. The proceedings dosed with an improvised address to tbe chil dren by Mr. Jame* Balfour." A COBBmpoudkkt of the 8. M. Herald writes: —" Crime is largely on tbe decrease in Victoria. There were not so many persons taken into cus tody, summarily dealt with before magistrates, or oonvioted and sentenced in the Supreme Court in 1871 as in 1862. At both ends of the decade the account stood thus : With an increase of population from 504.000 in 1862, to 731,000 in 1871, the persons taken into custody in 1862 were 24,006, against 22,000 in 1871; the per sons whose eases were summarily dealt with before the magistrates were 15,116 in 1862, against 15,064 in 1871; and the number of per sons oonvicted and sentenced in the Supreme Court in 1862 were 680, against 478 in 1871. This is doubtless to be attributed to the habits of the people having become more settled, the im provement in this respect not being confined to tbe country districts, where there are fewer loafers roaming about than were formerly, but also being i extended to the large towns, Melbourne not ex eepted. There were fewer oases of drunkenness, thatgreat source of crime, in Viotoria in 1871 than in 1862 the numbers in 1871 being only 1043 against 7446 in 1862, but there was a large in crease in the drunk and disorderly characters during the same period—the drunk and dis orderly in 1871 being 8875, against 2346 in 1862—50 that taking the two classes of oases together they would be about equal at both ends of the decade, the population in the mean time having increased between 25 and 30 per cent. The absurd way in which every petty ease of crime is paraded and exaggerated in some of the newspapers—the evening papers in particular—might lead to a different conclusion, bat the foregoing figures are taken from the official statistics of the oolony. It is quite time an end was put to this, but we have no reason to expect it so long as the tendenoy to imitate the American papers is maintained and people take delight in the 'sensational.' Without a good deal of the latter one-half of tbe second or third class papers would not selL" A OlHTlkmut named Frank Muhlbesch seems to have had a narrow escape of his life at Chicago. Indeed, the Chicago Times says the occurrence was " one of the most remark able episodes" of Mr. Mublbesoh's career. About three weeks ago Mr. Muhlbesoh died— at least suoh was supposed to be the case; but when the funeral service was conoluded and the body had been lowered into its grave at Grace land Cemetery, a sound was heard " something like a stifled groan, followed by a scratching noise." For an instant "every heart stood still, and the blood of every listener seemed to curdle in his veins." The mourners did not in fact behave with courage under the circumstances, for the women, it is stated, fled screaming towards the car riages, and were speedily followed by the men. The sexton, however, remained, and had presence of mind enough to descend into tbe grave and open the coffin with tbe assist ance of a screw driver, whioh the undertaker happened to have in his pocket. Directly the lid was removed Mr. Muhlbesch was discovered alive, and anxious for extrication. His frie ds by this time had sufficiently recovered their composure to return to the spot, and were loud in their professions of delight at the unexpected turn affairs had taken. A quantity of blankets having been procured, the "deceased" was well wrapped up and conveyed home in one of the mourning carriages, the return from the cemetery being quite a joyful procession. Mr. Muhlbesoh was, however, so much overcome by the event, that for some time he was unable to respond to the congratulations of his friends. A nuns of "penny readings" have lately been introduced at Bt. Petersburg by the director of police, General Trepoff, and they are said to be very numerously attended by the lower classes of the oity. Tbe Government is also endeavoring to promote the spread of education among the people by increasing the number of schools, and its efforts are being worthily seconded by the subscriptions of private benefactors. A Captain Lobanoff, who died the other day at Samara, left the whole of his property of 22,000 roubles to tbe Govern ment to be expended in educational objects; and the landowners of the small district of Novo-Usensk, in the government of Archangel, have subscribed 27,000 roubles among them for the establishment of schools in the district. Notwithstanding all this, however, the number of schools in the empire is still far from suffi cient for the wants of the population. The number of children fit to go to school is esti mated at about eight millions, so that, taking an average of fifty children for each sahooi, there should be about 160.000 sohools, while there are not more than 40,000. The consequence is that the proportion of persons unable to read and write in Russia is greater than in almost any other European country. Tbe good inten tions of the Ministry, too, are in many instances j foiled by the stupidity or corruption of the officials, and in Poland and the Baltic provinces the Government is too busy in keeping down antagonistic national elements to pay much attention to education. With reference to tbe Californian Mail Ser vice, telegrams have been received by the Go vernment of New Zealand from the Agent- General ss follows :—" London, March 5. Tbe Imperial subsidy to the San Francisco mail depends mainly on arrangements being made with Victoria and New South Wales to join in tbe service. The protest by the Nevada's pas sengers arrived inopportunely, and the Senate reiused the subsidy. In consequence of the terrible shipping disaster* in the west during the winter, immigrants will not leave in the winter months. If the immigrants be praotically limited to six months of the year, it will be necessary for the Government to grant abso lutely free passages in order to secure tbe amount | of immigration expected."—" London, March 8. Mr. A ebb telegraphed to Dr. Featherstone that, owing to the failure of the American subsidy, tbe mail contracts and steamers were transferred to Btackwell, who would sell them to the Pacific Company, which continues the service to Hono lulu, but no further. The Agent-General tele* graphs that he believes he is in a position to arrange for an efficient service, provided that a subsidy of £60,000 be granted by Australia and New Zealand. The circumstances are now very favorable. He requests early instructions from the Government." A Htncßra of Long Island farmers are said to have undertaken to keep the streets in the city of Brooklyn clean for the sake of the manure they thus collect. A ooimuoi hti been made by HooperV Telegraph Works (limited) for the oon structkm of a steamer specially designed for the laving of submarine telegraph cables. This will be tht first cable steamer specially boilt, and it is oon templated that a considerable saving will be effected in the cost of lajiog future submarine cables by its use. The Teasel will be capable of taking 3000 to 4000 miles of cable in om length, and will be employed in the submergence of the Great Western Telegraph Company's ; oable ; of which about 1000 miles hare passed the tests of Sir William Thornton and Professor Fleeming Jenkin, the engineer of the company. Thi American journalists are losing nothing of the rigorous language and power of invective that have heretofore distinguished them. Some of our readers may be aware that one O. B. Jones acquired some notoriety in Victoria, and suddenly took his departure thence and became • leoturer in tbe Uuitcd States. The Melbourne Punch suggested tothe San Francisco Hews Letter that Mr. Jones should be given up, to which the editor of the latter jour nal replies by the following note addressed to his Victorian contemporary { —" We desire to cultivate friendly relations with our cousins in Australia. We respect, Mr. Punch, your venerable parent of Fleet* street, and could have wished to have hailed you as a worthy scion of so noble a progenitor* But you are not. He has always been above dirty acts. The effusion we are replying to con* vinoes us that you are a mean, cowardly acalla* wag. We have a practice in California whioh we have hitherto warred against j it is that of ' putting holes in people.' Henceforth our opinion is changed $ you have oon verted us. We now see that the pis 01, bad as it is, is neces* sary to make some men decent, and you are just one of those men. There, that is tbe opinion held of you. you mean, cowardly sneak, by the News Letter." The Pali Mall Gcuette thinks that it cannot be said of this country that there is " muoh cry but little wool." We import almost as many bales of wool as we utter cries. During the - past year the imports of Australian and Vau Uiemen's Land wool into the United Kingdom •mounted to 418,125 bales; of NewVZealand, 104,684 bales i of Cape of Good Hope, 188,898 bales; of German, 24,276 bales; of Spanish. 2983 bales; of Portugal, 12,815 bales; of Bast India, 67,440 bales; of Peruvian, Lima, and Chili, 42,009 bales; of Biver Plate, 17,848: bales; of Iceland and Danish, 6639 bales f of United States, 1638 bales; of Mediter ranean, 64,035 ; and of other ports. 15,876 bales. 32,588 bales alpaca and 30,692 mohair make op a sum total of 1,018,169 bales, enough, ft would be thought, to meet the woolliest re* quirements of the nation, but which, neverthe less, shows a decrease when compared with the imports during 1871 of 82,000 bales. The total imports of foreign and colonial wool into the port of Liverpool daring the past year amounted to 261,627 bales, which shows a decrease when compared with those of 1871 of 36,819 bales. Tbe imported wool returned for home use during 1872 was 166,643,707 Ibf. Toe total j imports of wool for the past ten years if I 8,445,482 bales. | Th» Springfield Republican calls attention to I a very curious fact in American agricultural I industry. Tbe cultivation of maize, it appears, is going out altogether in New England, the farmers of that region being able to supply themselves oheaper from tbe West than they can grow it on their own rent-free land. The following is the eztraot, and it will be under* stood in reading it that " corn " means " Indian corn ":—" The oorn crop was immenee, and the seaboard receipts for eleven months amounted to 09,832,914 bushels, an increase of 70 per cent., and the export to Great Britain to 33,878,019 bushels. Even this great shipment left 36,000,000 buihels, whioh was taken for Eastern consumption. What was done with this immense amount one may learn by noticing the corn ears dropped off at all the stations along our New England railroads in farming towns that used to raise their own ' hog and hominy/ but are now dependent on the Vermont Central or the Boston and Albany for their regular supply. Tbe Western prairies will lay the corn in tbe barns of these farmers cheaper than they thtmseWea can. The price in New Turk is about 14 per cent, lower than last year, and to the grower is not more than 15 or 18 cents a bushel. At that rate it does not pay to take the corn to market, and for tbe last five weeks receipts at the Western markets bare fallen off nearly one- half. The export is seriously checked, and we do not see what the lowa and Illinois farmers can do but use it for fuel. One effect of these great corn crops is to make pork cheap, for swine are simply oorn put in motion, and pork is corn butchered." Unlike maize, how* ever, wheat this year was a very defloieut crop in the West. A OOMKVKI ATION, translated from the Australische Deutsche Zeitung by tbe 8. A. Register, says that tbe German so icties of Victoria entrusted Mr. Carl Berghoff, prior to his departure for Germany, with a testimonial to the Premier ot the Fatherland, assuring him of the unbounded admiration and high esteem in which he was held by the German colonists of Viotoria. Many persons at the time blamed the committee for sending the letter, thinking that the great man who was daily consulted by kings and princes would not care to be bothered with a paltry congratulation from so remote a corner of the earth. By the latest European mail a communication was received from Herr Berghofl', telling what sucoeus had attended his mission. The Premier, on being informed of the circumstances, gladly consented to an interview with Herr Berghoff. He re* ceired that gentleman with great friendliness, shook him by tbe hand, expresse^igh grati fication at the recognition by^ Jcinsmen in the antipodes of his services to his country, and mentioned the peculiar interest he took in our well-being, showing at the same time considerable knowledge of the affairs of these colonies. This conversation ought surely to have satisfied all expectation, but the Premier was not of that opinion. He did our repre sentative and tbe colony peculiar honor by inviting him tbe same day to bis family table. There were present the Prince and his lady, their daughter, Prince's Marie, their two sons, tbe Dukes Herbert and Wilhelm yon Bismarck, a young lady companion of the Princess, and twooffioials. Mr. Burgboff's description of the evening he thus spent in the family circle of the great statesman is very interesting. It unfolds to tbe fan y of tbe reader a pioture of refined education, happy domestic life, and merry jokes, intermixed with profitable converse. At tbe table our visitor took his position between tbe Prince and Princess. During tbe meal a telegraphic message was delivered to the host, announcing the recently- occurred death of the ex-£mperor Napoleon. Before they moved from tbe table the Premier rose and proposed tbe health of tbe Ger* mans outside tbe boundaries of Fatherland, not only those of Australia, but of all countrymen wherever they may live, who have by their patriotism and exertions aided in tbe late war, and otherwise promoted th* wel fare of their native land. Herr Berghoff, in the name of those inoluded in tbe toast, returned heartfelt thanks. Then followed several hours in the pleasant society of tbe Premier and his lady, during which atsurauces of good will were repeated, and the portraits of tbe ducal family presented as a souvenir. By means of Herr BerghofTs communication, whioh on his return he will probably publish in full, we are enabled to obtain such a glimpse into tbe inner life of tbe Prince as we huve never before been favored with. He appears to have thrown aa;de pro tern, the cares of Liv public career, and to have given himself up to domestic enjoyments; no stiff etiquette is visible—all is harmony and comfort. It is a fact no less undeniable than gratifying (says the Launcetton Mxaminer) that a mere cheerful tone is beginning to manifest itself throughout Tasmania. Ihe pastoral interest was the flr#t to catch the breeze of returning prosperity, when wool advanced to recent rates, ' and now the turn of the agriculturist has come with capital prices for fat stock, and a harvest that has not been equalled for many years. At a very moderate estimate tl.o yield of grain will be double what it wus last year. We have heard of numerous cues where from eight bushels to fifteen bueht!* of wheat per acre was tbe average last year, tnu season giving from thirty bushels to forty five bushels, and with prices equally good. Tao difference which this state of things has pnduned throughout the rural districts it very marked. 