MR. ANTHONY TROLLOPE ON NEW SOUTH WALES. * THE second division of Mr. Trollope's book on Australia — dealing with this colony — has just been issued at Melbourne. Its publication has followed closely his visit to these colonies, and is warm with the fervour of our welcome to him. The pressure of kindly hands, the outspoken admiration of his frankness, his manliness, and his tenderness — the desire which most of us have (and which we manifested in his case) to link ourselves to the glory and greatness of the Em- pire in the special honour paid to her dearest sons — the grateful recognition of all these things is to be found in this book. We were all anxious to make his visit as pleasant as possible, to discharge in some sort by small services of courtesy the debt of gratitude which every lover of pure English literature owes to one who has given to us all such delightful stories. And we were not insensible of the dis- tinction of being face to face with one whose repu- tation was so great — whose position was so assured — whose claims to our admiration and gratitude were so undoubted. And there was also a very pardonable curiosity to know what manner of man was this who appeared to have so complete a knowledge of the secrets of the hearts and the concealed motives of the youngest and purest of God's creatures ; and who at the same time was a healthy, vigorous man of the world — one of the keenest of observers, and most sagacious of advisers. To the sentimental and highly imaginative admirer, who had conjured up an ideal writer of love stories, Mr. Trollope must, in the first moments of his acquaintanceship, have inspired a melancholy disappointment. He was in many respects so exactly the opposite of anything that might be conceived of him from his writings, that one was somewhat startled at first by the antagonism between the man of our imagination and the one before us. The delicate delineator of sweet female character, who could follow even the musings of a young girl — knew the treasured tenderness which she had hidden from all the world as if he sat in a literary confessional and into his ear alone was poured her tale — turned out to be a man who loved to ride forty or fifty miles a day — who would jump into the sea on the smallest provocation — was passionately fond of all sport, fishing, hunting, clambering over rocks only to see the fish-spearing of our aboriginals (as the writer of this notice saw him last year) ; in fine, was a great hearty out-of-doors Englishman, as thoroughly enjoying a holiday as the best and idlest of school-boys. Perhaps no man was better fitted to write about us than Mr. Trollope. There are none of our occupations, ambitions, or sports that would be too small for his observation — too contemptible for his sym- pathy, or too poor for his interest in them. He was eminently fitted to observe and readily understand our industries — to watch our little public life, and have no sentiment of contempt for its smallness, and to share our amusements without reminding us of their utter insignifi- cance. He was in fact not an ordinary man, but what Sydney Smith called " a manifold man," when he says, " The meaning of an extraordinary man is, that he is eight men, not one man ; that he has as much wit as if he had no sense, and as much sense as if he had no wit ; that his conduct is as judicious as if he were the dullest of human beings, and his imagination as brilliant as if he were irretrievably ruined." One had no em- barrassment in asking him to share any sport or in inviting his attention to anything worthy of notice. Of course, those who were familiar with that charming little book which he wrote thirteen or fourteen years ago, " The West Indies and the Spanish Main," had some apprehensions that he would sketch the portraits of some of us, and not show us to the world so good-looking as we thought ourselves to be. White young ladies may have been pardoned for remembering that exquisite little picture of the black young lady at Port Antonio, who told her love and her disappointment to the sympa- thising and publishing tourist ; and political gentlemen may have been reasonably anxious about an intimate personal acquaintance with the writer who gave so admirable a picture of the Jamaica House of Assembly in committee, in which one orator indulged in this singular perora- tion :—" Shameful, abominable, scandalous, ras- cally ! I'll not sit in such a House ; no man should sit in such a House. By G—, I'll resign as soon as I see the Speaker in that chair. Sir, come and have a drink of rum and water !" But to us Mr. Trollope has shown nothing but tenderness, and has lavished as many compliments upon us as he once paid to Demerara —"Demerara, the Elysium of the tropics — the West Indian happy valley of Rasselas — the one true and actual Utopia of the Carribean Seas — the Transatlantic Eden." He sees among us nothing but beauty every- where. Our climate is perfection — our mos- quitos are more musical than malignant — our snakes are abject and innocent — we have no "sensational wild beasts" and our magpies are melancholy, not larcenous. " The mosquito of Australia is a poor, impotent, and con- temptible creature as compared, for instance, with the mosquito of the United States. If a man wants to find his master, a master whom he cannot evade or subdue, a tyrant under whose lash he will have to quail with a sense of unceasing inferiority and trembling subjection, let him, remain in Washington through the month of July. Then the horn of the animal will be to him as the trumpets of ten thousand coming foes, against whom no struggles, no de- fence can avail aught. Night and day he will be as Job was, till all his manhood will depart from him. And afterwards, if he survive, he will think of himself as of one who has gone through worse than an Egyptian plague. He will be justified in no such feeling in reference to the Australian mosquito — whom I declare to be comparatively a poor creature entitled to but little attention. So much — as a traveller recording his experience — I feel bound to say, because the animal has succeeded in acquiring some reputation. To write a book about Australia and make no allusion to the mosquito would be improper. "And I may as well say here as elsewhere that I do not think very much of Australian snakes. The black snake, with its female the brown snake, and the death-adder — as a certain dull-coloured lethargic creature is called — are no doubt venomous, to the death ; but they are not obtrusive. They attack only when they find themselves unable to escape, and are not numerous as I had been taught to expect. The yellow snake — so called from its yellow belly — is equally poisonous, but equally scarce and pacific. I assisted in killing one fine fellow, about ten feet long ; but he was a carpet snake, and as abject and innocent as a frog. The diamond snake is, I believe, the same as the carpet snake. "Australia is altogether deficient in sensational wild beasts. The iguana is perhaps the most startling in appear- ance. He is a huge lizard, with a huge body and a very fat tail. I saw one shot which was five feet in length, and which weighed, I should think, over twenty pounds. They are said to be as good as chickens ; but I never ate one or came across any one who had done so. They live among trees, and are often to be seen upon the branches. The opossum, — " up a gum tree," — where he is always to be found, — seems to be the most persevering aboriginal inhabitant of the country. He does not recede before civilization, but addicts himself to young cabbages, and is a nuisance. As the blacks die out, there is no one to eat him, and he is prolific. He sleeps sound, and is very easy to kill with a dog, that will set him, — for the hollow, half dead, crumbling gum trees are full of him. But there is no fun in killing him, for he neither fights nor runs away. The kangaroo is so well known — as are also the wallaby and paddymelon, which seem to be kangaroos in a state of dwindling nature, that but little need be said about them here. That they run only on two legs, and carry their young in pouches, every child has learned from his picture books. Of the manner of hunting the kangaroo I will speak in another chapter. They are still very numerous in many parts of the country. I have come upon herds, in which hundreds have been congregated together, but they are more frequently met by threes and fours. In some districts they are increasing in number, because there are no longer black men to eat them. The dingo or wild dog is the squatter's direct enemy. He comes down by night from holes in the hills or out of dense scrubs, and de- stroys the lambs and drives the sheep. The squatter attempts to rid himself of the dingo by poison, and consequently strychnine is as common in a squatter's house as castor oil in a nursery. On many large runs carts are continually being taken round with baits to be set on the paths of the dingo. In smaller establishments the squatter or his head man goes about with strychnine in his pocket and lumps of meat tied up in a handkerchief. Hence it comes to pass that the use ________________________________________________ * Australia and New Zealand, by ANTHONY TROLLOPE. Division II. — New South Wales. Authorised Australian edition. Melbourne : George Robertson, Little Collins-street West. MDCCCLXXIII. _________________________________________________ of a shepherd's dog is impossible, unless he be muzzled. But the dingo likes lamb better than bait, and the squatters sometimes are broken-hearted. "There are no lions, tigers, or leopards in Australia ; nor pumas or ounces — not even a monkey. The cockatoos and parakeets are to the eye of an Englishman — especially in Queensland, where they are very common — the most foreign- looking of Australian animals, after he has become used to the jumping kangaroo. The sounds from the birds too are very different from those of English birds — much less melodious, but clearer, louder, and more continuous, and sometimes very melancholy. That of the laughing jackass — an ugly, healthy, ubiquitous brute of a bird — is the most common. I have heard it much abused, but I learned to like it, and to feel that there was something friendly and familiar about the animal. Its proper name is the gigantic kingfisher. It is also callcd the settler's clock :— and by the aboriginals, gogobera, that being to the black man's ear the sound of the animal's voice. The bell bird and the magpie are also to be heard — the latter in some parts of Australia very continuously. The magpie is in no respect akin to the bird which stole the cardinal's ring. It is much larger and has a loud clear note, which was to my ear full of melancholy. The lyre bird is a beautiful creature, which, however, I never saw near enough to recognise its beauty." What our friend Mr. Gerard Krefft, F.L.S., will say to this St. Patrick of letters, who has, by a magic stroke of his pen, effected the emigration of nineteen out of the twenty-one " venomous snakes," of which, according to Mr. Krefft, we were the possessors, we are at a loss to conceive. We rejoice that there only remain to us these beautiful lithographs of Miss Harriet Scott's, of "Hoplocephalu curtus " and " Diemenia superci- liosa," and that the subjects of those carefully executed and charming portraits have left us for ever ; and it is equally a matter of congratula- tion to us (though doubtless a source of some pain to Mr. Krefft) that his own especial snake — the bearer of his own name — the " Cacophis Kreftii," exists only in the " Geographical Index " of his own admirable book. A man who enjoys a hearty innocent laugh, who rises at the dawn of day, who hates vermin as Mr. Trollope does, would naturally sympathise with our gigantic kingfisher, that ugly but pleasant and sagacious bird, who seems a very Falstaff in humour, who loves the neighbourhood of the poor settler, and calls him to his fields in the morning, but hates snakes as if he were an ichneumon, and is suffi- ciently good and serviceable to have won for him- self and his posterity the protection of an Act of Parliament; for although in no sense of the word (save in his undoubted pluck) is he entitled to the appellation of " game," there he stands in the second schedule of 29 Vic., No. 22, described as the "Great Kingfisher, commonly known as the Laughing Jackass." Of course we are rejoiced to learn that our own melancholy but thoroughly virtuous magpie is in no way con- nected with that sacrilegious wretch in the affect- ing legend of "Father John Ingoldsby" of Douai, who, watching the great Lord Cardinal as " From his finger he draws His costly torquoise, And not thinking at all about little jackdaw," hopped off with the Pontifical ring, and brought down upon himself the terrible curse. The European Pica is said by Gould to be one of the most beautiful of birds, but (like some other interesting creatures) to be a confirmed kleptomaniac. Our commonplace but honest mag (Strepera graculina the learned call him) would no more think of prigging the jewellery of a Prince of the Church, than he would of going down a shaft at Hill End and swallowing nuggets. In speaking of our fish Mr. Trollope praises highly the Melbourne whiting the Burra Mundi of Rockhampton, and the trumpeter of Tasmania. It is probable that we have no fish equal to the trumpeter, and the Burra Mundi is very much esteemed ; but un- questionably our whiting are firmer, more delicate, and in every way superior to the Mel- bourne fish of the same name ; while we have a variety of fish of rare flavour to which the fish markets of other Australian colonies are strangers. One need only mention the black rock cod, the red and white morwong, the the "moora- nennugai" (for which fish alone "Lucullus" would have visited the antipodes), the "aulopus " (sergeant-baker), the red mullet, the taraglin, to say nothing of our soles and flounders ; while the very abundance of our schnappers, flathead, travally, black and red bream, renders us almost indifferent to their excellence. Of the fresh water fish (even of the Murray River cod), (Mr. Trollope does not think highly, but the fish has such a number of admirers that even so great an authority will hardly damage in the smallest degree his popularity. It may seem to some hardly worth while to descend to such particulars as Mr. Trollope has not scrupled to furnish, regarding our insects and reptiles. But the sturdy British emigrant hates insects, and is disposed to regard these colonies as the very kingdom of entomology. And as the witty reviewer, in the Edinburgh, half a century ago, described the regions of travel of the celebrated Mr. Waterton, as places " where all nature is alive, and seems to be gathering all her entomological hosts to eat you up, as you are standing, out of your, coat, waistcoat, and breeches ;" and then observes, "All this reconciles us to our dews, fogs, vapours, and drizzle — to our apothecaries, rushing about with gargles and tinctures — to our old British constitutional coughs, sore throats, and swelled faces," so Mr. Trollope is perfectly aware that mosquitoes and ticks counteract immigration ; and snakes not only enjoy but preserve solitary places for them- selves, and silently but surely discourage in- truders. Ot course we look at once for a description of Sydney, and Mr. Trollope can hardly be said to disappoint our most sanguine expectations. The beauty of our harbour is a subject upon which we can patiently and complacently hear strangers talk at all seasons. It is the one thing in which we are conscious of supremacy, and hardly care to take the trouble of affirming that we know there is no such scene of loveliness anywhere else. And thus it happens that our inquiries sometimes appear to be half-apologetic, as Mr. Trollope points out, inasmuch as we feel some embarrassment in asking about a thing so self- evident. " I despair of being able to convey to any reader my own idea of the beauty of Sydney harbour. I have seen nothing equal to it in the way of land-locked sea scenery, — nothing second to it. Dublin Bay, the Bay of Spezia, New York, and the Cove of Cork are all picturesquely fine. Bantry Bay, with the nooks of sea running up to Glengariff, is very lovely. But they are not equal to Sydney either in shape, in colour, or in variety. I have never seen Naples, or Rio Janeiro, or Lisbon :— but from description and pictures I am led to think that none of them can possess such a world of loveliness of water as lies within Sydney Heads. The proper thing to assert is that the fleets of all nations might rest securely within the protection of the harbour. How much acreage of sea the fleets of all nations might require I cannot even surmise ;— but if they could be anchored to- gether anywhere, they could surely be so anchored at Sydney. "As I thought of this, steaming up the harbour to Sydney Cove, — having just heard the boast from a stout Sydney citizen, — I felt assured that whenever the experiment should be tried, the English fleet would enter first with proud pre-eminence, and range them- selves with haughty courtesy close under the Governor's house and all round the town. Then would come the Danish, the Swedish, the Spanish, the Portuguese, the Turkish, the Russian, and the Austrian ironclads. And we should glow with national pride as we told ourselves that, added together, all these foreign ships of war amounted to about half our collected force. The French and the Prussian fleets would place themselves in the broad expanse between Manly Bench and Watson's Bay, watching each other with ill-concealed hatred. In the very mouth of the harbour would be four or five American Alabamas, — who would thus be enabled to hurry off to Europe, to burn Liverpool, and carry off all the ropes of pearls which lie hidden between Bond-street and the Tower of London. By the time they had disposed of the spoil in New York, we should be extricating ourselves from our position. The Americans after a while, would apologise. The captain would probably have misunder- stood their instructions, and would have gold swords given to them. But they would not pay for a single rope of pearls, and Liverpool would rebuild itself. " The people of Sydney are by no means indifferent to the beauty of their harbour, and claim for it the admiration of strangers with something of the language, but not with the audacity of Americans, when they demand the opinions of their visitors as to their remarkable institutions. There is something of shamefacedness, a confession of pro- vincial weakness, almost an acknowledgment that they ought not to be proud of a thing so insignificant, in the tone in which you are asked whether, upon the whole, you do not think Sydney harbour rather pretty. Every Sydney man and every Sydney woman does ask you the question, — as does every American ask that other question ; but it is asked in Sydney with bated breath, and with something of an apology, 'Of course you have been bothered out of your life about our harbour ; but it is pretty, — don't you think so ?' It is so inexpressibly lovely that it makes a man ask himself whether it would not be worth his while to move his household gods to the eastern coast of Australia, in order that he might look at it as long as he can look at anything. There are certain spots, two or three miles out of the town, now occupied generally by villas, or included in the grounds of some happy resident, which have nothing for the imagination to add. Greenoakes and Mount Adelaide, belonging to two brothers, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Henry Mort, are perfect. Sir James Martin, who was the Prime Minister when I was first there, and who, I hope, may soon be so again, has a garden falling down to the sea, which is like fairyland. There is a rock outside — or probably inside the grounds of Woollahra, belonging to Mr. Cooper, on which the blacks in the old days, when they were happy and undisturbed, used to collect themselves for festive, political, and warlike purposes. I wonder whether they enjoyed it as I did ! How they must have hated the original Cooper when he came and took it,— bought it for 20s. an acre, out of which they got no divi- dend, or had a grant of it from the English Crown ! Woollahra is a magnificent property, covered with villas and gardens, all looking down upon the glorious sea. In England it would be worth half a million of money, and as things go on, it will soon be worth as much in New South Wales ; and perhaps some future Cooper will be Duke Cooper or Marquis Cooper, and Woollahra will be as famous as Lowther or Chatsworth. It is infinitely more lovely than either. I envied the young man, and almost hated him for having it — although he had just given me an excellent dinner." Of our public gardens he speaks with enthu- siasm. Of the beauty of their situation indeed it is difficult to convey any adequate idea to a stranger, and as the book has no illustrations (an almost fatal defect in a book of travels) Mr. Trol- lope can only describe in an imperfect way scenes of such varied and incomparable loveliness as are daily and hourly presented to the nurse- maids and their infant charges who are almost the only visitors to one of the fairest pleasure grounds in the world. Of the suburbs he writes very pleasantly, particularly of one which he knew best :— " There is the little trip by steam ferry over to the North shore, where lives that prince of professors and greatest of Grecians, Dr. Badham, of the University. I should like to be the ferryman over that ferry to Lavender Bay on condi- tion that the Doctor met me with some refreshment on each journey. Sydney is one of those places which, when a man leaves it knowing that he will never return, he cannot leave without a pang and a tear. Such is its loveliness." His sketch of what he saw and heard of our fortifications is worth quoting ; and his desire to join the Artillery because of the magnificent prospects from George's Head, and the noble views on all sides from Middle Head, is charac- teristic :— " I was much surprised at the fortifications of Sydney Harbour. Fortifications, unless specially inspected, escape even a vigilant seer of sights, but I, luckily for myself, was enabled specially to inspect them. I had previously no idea that the people of New South Wales were either so suspi- cious of enemies, or so pugnacious in their nature. I found five separate fortresses, armed, or to be armed, to the teeth with numerous guns — four, five, or six at each point : Armstrong guns, rifled guns, guns of eighteen tons weight, with loopholed walls, and pits for rifle- men, as though Sydney were to become another Sebastopol. I was shown how the whole harbour and city were commanded by these guns. There were open batteries and casemented batteries, shell rooms and gun- powder magazines, barracks rising here and trenches dug there. There was a boom to be placed across the harbour, and a whole world of torpedoes ready to be sunk beneath the water, all of which were prepared and ready for use in an hour or two. It was explained to me that 'they' could not possibly got across the trenches, or break the boom, or escape the torpedoes, or live for an hour beneath the blaze of the guns. 'They' would not have a chance to get at Sydney. There was much martial ardour, and a very general opinion that 'they' would have the worst of it. For a time, I could not gather who 'they' were to be. But 'indirect damages ' were on men's tongues, and so I knew who were the 'they ' at that moment uppermost in the thoughts of my companions. It would be the same in regard to any other enemies of England, either in esse or in posse. I hope that New South Wales may never have to fight for England, and certainly that she may not have to fight America. But the feeling of loyalty in the colony is so strong, that where there a fight on hand, she would be unhappy not to be allowed to take some share in it. But in viewing these fortifications, I was most specially struck by the loveliness of the sites chosen. One would almost wish to be a gunner for the sake of being at one of these forts." Of our system of State instruction he has some valuable observations, and he thoroughly fam- iliarized himself during his stay with our Public schools, their management, attendance, and results. The University commanded his admira- tion, not only by the beauty of its architecture, its seemingly disproportionate magnificence to the resources of the country, but by the high reputation and attainments of its professors. " The glory of Sydney in the way of education is its University, and certainly a great deal of spirit has been shown by the colony in the creation of the institution and in the erection of the building. As regards the building, I think no one will dispute the assertion when I say that the college-hall — or public room, for it is put to none of the comfortable festive uses for which college-halls have been built at our universities — is the finest chamber in the colonies. If I were to say that no college either at Oxford or Cambridge possesses so fine a one, I might probably be confradicted. I certainly remember none of which the proportions are so good. In regard to the Sydney Univer- sity itself, it must be remembered that it has been insti- tuted simply for education, and not as a place of residence, either for fellows, scholars, or commoners. It consists, therefore, of the hall, library, lecture-rooms, museum, and a residence for one of the professors. It knows nothing of gaudy days, of high tables, of sweet Latin graces, or of audit ale. It lacks the social charms to which the fre- quenters of Oxford and Cambridge have been accustomed ; but perhaps the education on that account is not the worse, and certainly it is very much less expensive. " The reputation for scholarship of Dr. Badham, the classical professor, is as high in England as it is in Sydney, — or nearly so ; for in Sydney he is now regarded as the one living uncontrovertible authority in all questions of Greek literature. Mr. Pell, the professor of mathematics, stands equally high in his own line. There is no institu- tion in the colonies which excites and deserves the sympa- thies of an English traveller more completely than does the Sydney University." He gives a charming description of Parramatta, its history, situation, and peculiarities. He calls it "The City of Oranges," and pays a well- deserved tribute of admiration to one of our oldest and worthiest horticulturists. Only those who have visited Mr. Pye's orange groves, and tasted Mrs. Pye's conserves, can appreciate the following :— " The early colonists tried to grow wheat here and failed. Those who have come since have planted oranges and have made money. Now Parramatta is known far and wide for its fruit — so that no man or woman is supposed to have seen Sydney aright who has not visited Mr. Pye's orange groves, and has shaken hands with Mrs. Pye, who, in the matter of conserved oranges, stands far above all competi- tors in any country. Either the soil or the climate, or both together, contain the requisites, whatever they may be, for this peculiar growth, so that neither Jamaica or the South of Spain, not Malta or the Havanna, can beat Parramatta in this especial article of produce." Of our labour market, our land laws, our mineral riches, he gives, in his own clear rapid way a truthful sketch. And he describes life in the colony with an exactitude which none of your descriptive writers ever equalled. He had family advantages in this country, which enabled him to make himself thoroughly acquainted with a squatter's life. He is one of the few writers upon the condition and prospects of a pastoral colony who can write from his actual experience upon a sheep and cattle station for a considerable time. He shows his readers how civilization waits with her luxuries upon the man who succeeds ; and chronicles his victories by an expanded establish- ment and fresh necessities. This is his mode of estimating the requirements of pastoral pros- perity :— " The number of sheep at these stations will gener- ally indicate with fair accuracy the mode of life at the head station. A hundred thousand sheep and upwards re- quire a professed man cook and a butler to look after them ; forty thousand sheep cannot be shorn without a piano ; twenty thousand is the lowest number that renders napkins at dinner imperative. Ten thousand require absolute plenty, meat in plenty, tea in plenty, brandy and water and colonial wine in plenty, but do not expect champagne, sherry, or made dishes, and are supposed to be content with continued mutton or continued beef — as the squatter may at the time be in the way of killing sheep or oxen. During this month we killed mutton." In Chapter xxi. (" On Scenery in New South Wales) he gives a description of Mount Kos- ciusko, on the borders of our colony and Vic- toria and of the Blue Mountains. But the gem of the book, in the way of descriptive writing, is his account of a visit to the Hawkesbury River, with which quotation we shall close the extracts from his book. " The party which I was kindly invited to join was a very august party, consisting of nearly all the Cabinet Ministers, and a very considerable minority of the House of Assembly. The Premier was at the head of it, and no man fitter for such on occasion over held absolute dominion over hampers. It was by no means a partisan party : for I observed on my return to Sydney six months afterwards, that when that Premier had, alas, succumbed to the fate of premiers, and another head of the Government reigned in his stead, that two of the most lively of our politicians on the Hawkesbury trip were sitting on the Treasury bench. And we had been all so friendly then ! I must confess that when I saw those two gentlemen on that bench, and saw that former Premier opposite, turned out into the cold, partly, no doubt, by their efforts, I could not but say to myself that there could be ingratitude in New South Wales as deep as among the older nations of the earth. "We went by railway to the little town of Windsor, to which a branch line runs from the Sydney and Bathurst line ; a quaint little place, inhabited by old settlers who came to this district as being singularly fertile. Very fertile it is ; no land in the Australian colonies is perhaps more so. Hardly any soil in any country is perhaps more so. But for this great gift it has to pay a proportionate penalty. Every now and then, perhaps once in six or seven years, it is so absolutely flooded by the Hawkesbury and its tributaries, that the farmers are forced to fly for their lives. And there have been floods so sudden and so high that all the farmers have not been able to fly with their lives. "Windsor is built upon the Hawkesbury, — here so called ; but up above this it has another name and is called the Nepean ; — for it is the fashion in Now South Wales to divide what with us at home would be the last syllable. From Windsor we went five miles down the river in open boats, and there found a steamer waiting for us. I must confess that during the first part of our journey I was disposed to think that I had been enticed away by false repre- sentations. Immediately below Windsor the river is not beautiful. It passes through a rich country, which gradually becomes narrower as the hills are approached ; but for an hour or two the fertility of the land and the specialities, such as they might be, of its productiveness were the chief attractions. But gradually as we reached the bluffs and high banks of the lower reaches, the scene was changed, and as the afternoon wore itself away we steamed down among river scenery as lovely as any which I ever beheld. "There can, I think, be no doubt that among rivers the Rhine has the highest character for sustained beauty. There may be special points on other streams which have endeared themselves to the world — such especially as the Falls of Niagara, — such as the Inn at Innsbruck, or the Rhone at Geneva, — or the Upper Lake at Killarney, which is, in truth, a river. But for continued scenery the Rhone stands first. There is a river, or rather a portion of a river, known to very few tourists, which I think beats the Rhone. This is the Upper Mississippi, for about 1oo miles below St. Paul. It is not my business here to describe the Mississippi, but I mention it with the object of saying that in my opinion the Hawkesbury beats the Mississippi. I should not make the contrast unless there were many features in the two which are similar. At all of them the beauty consists in the breaking of the land on the very margin of the river, and is not carried far back into the interior. At all of them the banks rise suddenly, sometimes covered with timber and sometimes bald — some- times sloping and sometimes precipitous — but at all of them the banks are broken here and there into lateral valleys, which give to the imagination the idea that the glory of the scene is far spread, and would repay pursuit. Unless it can convey this vague fooling of distant, unapproachable, and almost mysterious delight, scenery loses half its charms. On the Rhine, on the Mississippi, and on the Hawkesbury alike, there is created an idea that if the traveller would only leave the boat and wander inland, he would be repaid by the revelation of marvellous beauties of nature, — beauties which have perhaps never yet met the eyes of man. The Rhine has its castles and its islands, — and it has, too, in its favour the bright colour of its waters. The Upper Mississippi has no castles, nor are its waters bright ; but it has islands, and innumerable bluffs and headlands and varied valleys, and park-like timber, and its own fast-running rush of waters, — which are to me more than compensation for the castles and the colour. The Hawkesbury has neither castles nor islands, nor has it bright clear water like the Rhine. But the headlands are higher and the bluffs are bolder, and the turns and manœuvres of the course which the waters have made for themselves are grander, and to me more enchanting, than those of either the European or American river. " It took us two days to descend the Hawkesbury to Broken Bay, and during the night our steamer lay at a bend in the river called Wiseman's Ferry, where there is a large dilapidated and unused church, showing how soon ruins may be instituted in a new country. Along the banks, at intervals from each other of a few miles, whenever a bit of alluvial soil gave an oppor- tunity for cultivation, settlers had placed them- selves and lived by growing maize, potatoes, and fruit. Those, people, or their fathers, were among the earliest colonists of New South Wales — as the banks of the Hawkesbury had been soon reached. But civilization had passed by them and gone beyond them, — and they were left now much in the condition in which their fathers were sixty or seventy years ago. A great portion of the banks are not approached by any road, and are accessible only by water. Small luggers from Sydney ply up and down the stream, taking the produce of the settlers to market, and bringing them back flour and tea in return. There can be but little intercourse even between families ten miles distance from each other — as a river is, after all, but a poor road for the purposes of familiar intercourse. Life there must be very solitary and cheerless — but at the sam time independent and plentiful. We saw children about, amidst the garden patches — but I fear that they were often out of reach of any school. "The lower part of the river, that between Wiseman's Ferry and Pittwater — which is a large inlet of the sea, running southward from Broken Bay — is very much finer than the upper reaches. There are various spots, especially at Mangrove Creek, Berow Creek, and Mullet Creek, at which the expanse of water assumes the appearance of a lake, and from which the stream escapes under banks almost perpendicular, and, as we calculated, from four to six hundred feet high. At Broken Bay, after having steamed up to the head of Pitt Water, we got out into the sea, and within an hour and a half were in Sydney harbour." This is the book which our distinguished visitor has written about us. It is as completely without pretension as his own character, and is as thoroughly honest as its author. By the sacri- fice of its simplicity it could have easily been finer ; and, without being so full of information, could have appeared to be much more profound. As it is, those who know the country best will be the truest believers in the book ; and those who know the writer will not require the corroboration of colonists. All that Mr. Trollope said in the colony and to those who live in it, he has said out of it and of its inhabitants. We have had such a melancholy experience of very inferior people who told us one thing, and Europe another, that it is a new sensation for us to find a great man daring to say to the world of us what he told us ourselves. Our former experience was pretty much like poor Tom Sheridan's, who, when his father pathetically rebuked him for his in- gratitude, and said, " Dear Tom, I always allowed you £800 a-year," was compelled to reply, "Yes father, I must confess you allowed it ; but then it never was paid ! " Mr. Trollope was loved by us for services the results of which are the common property of all English-speaking people — but he has now a special claim upon our gratitude and admiration in his book on " New South Wales." WILLIAM BEDE DALLEY. Sydney, 29th March. 