The Antiquity of the Oceanic Races, j (From tlie Pacific Commercial Advertiser.) IT baa been asked-what' ai'e your evidences of tho antiquity fii man on the. Hawaiian Islands ? I will answer. The tirst discovery of any evidences of man's antiquity in these islands was in the year1822, during the first successful effort in digging a well at Honolulu. 'This was made by Joseph Navarro, in his yard near the Bethel. The well was dug through eight or ten feet of loam and volcanic sand to the coral bcd and about tbe same distance through the coral. About the middle of tho coral strata, a human thigh hone was found embedded in a compact mass of coral, and lower down in one of the cavities a human skull waa found " in good order and préservation, but darker than a new skull. It evidently had some strength in it, as it was kicked about by tho boys," is the language of Mr. James Hunnewell, who communicated the information to the Hawaiian Club tapers. In the second well, dug about the same year 1822, on the W. H. Davis or Brewer premises, on Fort-street, " the substrata proved to be the same as in the form,er case, and the coral was full of cavities, from which were taken a num ber of bones of a man's hand or foot. None of the cavities of the coral communicated with the surface." And it must be borne in mind that the coral was covered with several, feet of successive strata of volcanic sand, marking probubly several ages of eruption. In 1867, J. G. Osborn, Esq., the architect, in % excavating a well at the brick yard at Mana-1 muna, adjoining Honolulu, after passing through the, loam and various layers of black volcanic sand aud lava which marked the past ages of eruption of Puowaina, discovered a human skull several feet below the surface. Tho ancient Hawaiian, to whom it belonged, had probably been fishing on the reef, long ages ago, on the) first eruption of Punchbowl, and before Herculaneum and Pompeii were whelmed beneath the lava of Vesuvius. Several years since a human tooth was found embedded in a compact mass of lava near the pali. The man to whom it pertained had lived previous to the great convulsions that formed that gorge and precipice, and the fused lava had been moulded round the tooth by Pele, who no doubt proved rather a rough dentist. On the elevated plain lying between Ewa and Waialua, many remnants of man have been discovered several feet below the present level of the soil, and in the remains of shells and debris, as well as various evidences of man, similar to the Jcjoeekken moedding (kitchen leavings), on the Danish shores. The Hawaiian shell mounds show greater antiquity, for they are deeply covered by a lluvial deposits. . These evidences point to a remote period when man was an inhabitant of Oahu. The last appearance of Pele on any of the ' Islands of tho group, except Hawaii, was at Haleakala, on Maui, according to tradition in times long past. There is no tradition of tbe eruption of Punchbowl among the Hawaiian people. Prom every indication it has been long ages extinct. An alluvial soil, consisting of loam and vegetable mould several feet thick, has been formed over the last eruptive strata. The different volcanic strata mark several eruptive periods," not following each other in rapid succession, but af ter long intervals of rest. These eruptions were on and above the coral beds, and the remains of man had been deposited on the coral at a, time when that formation had not attained by moro than four feet its elevation, when the first volcanic wave from Punchbowl rolled over it. The coral reef at Honolulu has not been perceptibly elevated in fifty years. How long would it require to form four feet thick over the human skeletons found in the wells to which I have alluded ? How many ages waa the earliest volcano of Punchbowl pouring its fiery waves over the coral, before even tho tradition of its eruption was 1-ist ? Tho Pali-thc highest range of central mountains have been formed, since man lived and walked on Oahu. The skull found in the well of Manamana was full of life and thought before the volcano's birth ! Can Java or Sumatra show an antiquity for man higher than this P And do not these facts lead to an irresistible argument against tho peopling of these islands by the Malays 'i The problom of this high antiquity1 can only be solved by tho hypothesis of the ancient sub merged continent-the Oceánica of the past. But if there were any of the inhabitants of the ancient submerged continent left, would not their descendants preserve some tradition of such a praud catastrophe ? I will proceed to answer. Earth's physical history is written in un mistakable characters and unerring marks upon her surface. The numerous changes in dicating great geological periods, as well as tho minutiro of the varied past forms of organic life are portrayed in a language all can understand. Reason is the great teacher by which we can road the secrets of the past. There is no geological ovidencc of a univer sal deluge since the advent of man upon the oarth ; nor baa such an event been possible since tho carboniferous era, which extended through immense ages of rainfalls. After the ? mighty changes effected by aqueous action during cai th's groat pluvial period, tho shaping of tho earth's surface, the formation of seas and oceana, tho drying and purifying of thc atmosphère and thc adaptation of the primeval dry laud, climate, bent and moisture to tho I production of organic life, tbore could nol have been such a catastrophe as JI universal pluvial deluge. We have many dim glimpses of riparian deluges in Greece and in the valleys'of the Euphrates and Tigris, in Mesapotamia, in the traditi onary period, im mediately preceding man's historical period. Eveu since the bistoi'ical period, the earth's atmosphere in ancient times contained more moisture, there was greater condensation and consequently riparian floods were more frequent than at present. Whence then, originates the almost general tradition of a universal deluge ? In the subsidence and submergence of earth's continents and islands, since man has been an inhabitant of our planet, and the unmistakable marks of aqueous action in every portion of the earth, not of recent volcanic origin. The memory of such an event as a general or partial submergence among a pre- historic and un lettered people could only be preserved by oral tradition, and in the long course of ages, would assume a variety of forms, but all com memorating a great aqueous catastrophe. The people of the mountain summits or islands, left by the subsidence of the, continent of Oceánica, have Jill preserved a memory of this catastrophe, by traditions somewhat varied in ' their details. I will specify the most pro minent. The Kaihahinalii, the deluge of the Haw aiians, when the traditions relating thereto are critically examined, evidently refer to a catastrophe, not caused by a deluge of rain, but a great convulsion by which the sub mergence of all the land except the islands occurred. The traditions which refer extra ordinary works to Hina and the sons of Hinia, can have no other reference than to a cata clysm of the character indicated. "Was it not a mythical allusion to some sudden con vulsion succeeded by others less dis astrous in their consequences? The ancient Hawaiians were a highly poetical people. Their ancient melcs far exceed any productions of the kind from further west among the Malays, Javans, or the islands of the Indian Archipelago. The epic of ICawelo is a supe rior production to anything produced in Java, even under Hindoo civilisation. The deluge of Kaiakahinalii, according to a com parison of all the ancient traditions which have been collected and preserved, relate to the sinking of a continent, whose mountain tops are still visible in the numerous islands of P olynesia, whether the cones of ancient volca noes, or surrounded by coral reefs, as in the case of the low islands. This conclusion Jis borne out hy the tradi tions of all the other islands of the Oceanic race. "The Tahitian story is that Taaroa (the Kaneloa of Hawaii) being, angry with men on account of their disobedience, over turned the world into the sea, excepting a few projecting points or aurm, which consti tuted the present cluster of islands." This tradition in connection with their claim to be autocthons, as do the Hawaiians, goes to dis prove the fact that they were immigrants from any other land. The tradition among the inhabitants of Eimeo is that after the Hood (similar to that of the Tahitians) a man landed from a canoe near Tiataepua, in their island, and built an altar, or morai, in honour of his god." The tradition in the Leeward Islands is much the sanie with that of Raiatea. Soon after the peopling of the world, by the descendants of Taata, Jtuahatu, the Neptune of the South Sea Islands, was reposing in his coralline groves iu the depths of the ocean. A fisherman regard less of the tabu or the sacredness of the place, lowered his hooks which became entangled with the hair of the sleeping god. For a long time he strove in vain to draw them up again,' I and .at last the god, roused from his slumbers, appeared at the surface, upbraided him for his impiety, and declared that his land should be destroyed for tho sin. The affrighted fisher man implored forgiveness, and Ruahata, moved by his prayers, directed him to proceed with his wife and child to a nmn.ll island called Toa marama, which is situated within the reefs on the eastern side of Raiatea, where he might find a safe refuge. The man obeyed and took with him to tho place appointed not only his wife and child, but a friend also, a dog, a pig and a pair of fowls. They reached the refuge before the close of tbe day, when the waters bogan to rise, drove the inhabitants of the shores frôm their dwellings, and gradually increased till in the morning, only the tops of tho mountains appeared. The fisherman and his family became the progenitors of the pre sent inhabitauts. The natives of Tonga-Tabu and the Tongan group, are not autocthons, but immigrants, according to their traditions from the north east-from one of tho three great Oceanic groups Samoa, Hawaii or Tahiti. .This fact makes their tradition of the sinking of thc earth or as they terni it the rising of the waters so as to submerge all save tho mountain tops the moro remarkable. The place doubtless wlience they originated, and the fancy painted divine region of< these natives of tko ocean, is a beautiful island situated far to the north-east ward of their own laud, ever blooming with the most beautiful flowers, which fill the air with fragrant and delicious odors nnd bear the richest and most delicious fruits. When these are plucked, thc same immortal plants bring forth others to replace them, Birds of the most splendid plumage fill tho groves of tho enchanted laud. There is also abuudanco of ajl animals »nd bjnls for tbe tables of the akuas and demigods, and when any of thesr are killed, another immediately comes into existence to supply its place. This is the Island of Bolotu, or Bulutu, It is north-east of Samoa, and there fore must either refer to Hawaii or Tahiti. They say it is too distant for a canoe to undertake to reach it. Their traditions also point to the elevation of the Tougan group from the sea. They hold that it was fished up by their god Taugaroa (Kaneloa) although Capt. Wilkes in his narrative asserts that they were fished up by Matu. In Samoa we find the same tradition of a flood, or rising of the watei*3 of tho ocean. Many of their traditions are similar to the Tongans, including a belief in the happy Island of Bolotu. The Maoris of New Zealand, who according to their own traditions, were originally from Hawaii, have tho 8auie story of the rising of the waters. Further west, on the confines of Oceánica, in the Marian or Ladrone Islands, we have the same traditions as it regards a deluge. This is true of all the smaller groups and scattered islands of Oceánica. Their unity of race and this universal belief, certahüy constitute a strong probability that some great catastrophe of that character occurred in the remote ages of the past, And are we not warranted in the belief that it is the memory of the sink ing of the great Oceanic continent pre served by the descendants of the remnants of its ancient inhabitants ? But I must pause. The queries I had to answer, have led me to defer until another nnmhRi1 f.liA íYin+.fcov T in tan ri fr>v f.Viia LA PAZ. 