iSorrcsuonunuT. To Tnn Editou of the Noktiieiin Auoua. Dear Sir. — In your issuo of Thursday last I notico a telegram to the client that tlio Gorman residents nt lirishnnc havo petitioned tlio Govornment to inqniio into tlie stato of the Gorman immigrant ship A lard us. uirougu me columns of your paper I lmvo at ditloront times referred to t.ho subject of Gorman Im migration, and havo no doubt if proper inquiries aro imuic it pill lie found that tlio colony gets iininignintrt with (Iceman ships, but vory ;fow derma n "immi- gea ins. The Qnconsland Immigration Agent for Germany resides gouorally at Darmstadt in tlio interior, and when a ship is being dispatched from tho shipping port (Hamburgh), lio goes there for a few weeks, where lie ought _ to reside permanently, and tlio only intelligence which tlie public receives about liicuns- land is a short advertisement, rending like this "Alulo and J'emale servants can obtain free passages to tjaeenslaud, Australia, hi/ nai/inn .10 dollars (£1 10. v.) 1 ' Tho natural consoquoneo is tlmt 1111 Gorman with a little money, who socks a now country, goes to Queens land, but pays liis passage to America, and what Queensland gets are tlio noorost nf tlm - good Swedes nnd Norwegians, but mostly prior Jut- huulers, nnd the proverbial dirty, half-stnrved natives from tlie far East, Prussian and Russian Roland people Willi tlio three species of Jiedieula-rapitis vcstimenti, and pubis, wliieli have a natural aversion to soap and jvatcr ; and even on short voyages to Boston and rxew York it occurs often tlmt sailing vessels, with these immigrants, show a largo number of deaths ; lmvo disease and plenty vermin on board and have to be put in quarantine, but it is generally found that the cause is not want of good provisions but ratlior tlie contrary, illness being brought about through the unaccustomed diet of good Ilambro beef and pork and want of cleanliness, and this will be ' most likely the case with the A lard us. The linmos of the immigniuts per Alardus, I see on; 1 mostly with 1 tho Danish sen (Jutland), nnd tlie I oils 1 In and hair, and I lmvo no doubt it will lie (011 lid tluii but very few Genimns nro on board in fact. tlioso races aro antagonistic, and' a German who can pav iris own passage will not go 111 the steerage in such companv ter lormcrly Sunburns, Hessians, Hanoverian's' Saxons and otlior Germans used to como out to Australia, principally to Now South Wales and Victoria and have generally done well, these Germans do not immigrate to Queensland now, and tlio few wliieli eoiiio to join friends here go via England and Sydney J.I10 remedy is simplo; if Queensland wishes other immigrants than these thirty shillings people lot tlio Government open a proper ollieo nt" Hamburg where iiitoriiiiition e.111 begot; issue a pamphlet about the advantages of tlio colony ; advertise when ships nro leaving, with prices of cabin and steorngo nassneo nay the agent ier/l, tlmt lie can afford to live nt tlio 1 shipping port ; in fact do tho samo tiring wliieli Brazil, Chili, Canada, and otlior countries do Queensland offers moro advantages than' nny of those countries, higher wages, hotter livino olunatc, liberal land laws, gild fields, Ac., Ac. but lot it he known, go to some expense, adeertise nnd if tho (lovornmeiit will pay llio full passage lot the Government souil out Harz minors and otlior useful pooplo, whom, whon ouco sottlod. will soon induce their friends to follow. Yours faithfully, OBSERVER. To the Editor of tiik Northern ArouSY )y,,» ,1 1 V 1 I » omun question latoly, although no objection to bo ntmlo tho butt i 7 n 7 ';sul>l,0Sl> we are to tako il for such— 1 \mv i'l Jl' , l',". ,w,cu"l »f things r novor said. Now tl cneeumt in h,s paper of n into date, says that . , I secured the woman nfter some oppo- sition from tlio Macks and lie, -self," which is his own invention, us! novor said any such Also that slio was "evidently still active and vigorous." wliieli is as true as his previous assertion. Neither did T tell him she "shook her head this is all his on,, I ay no elaim lo it. Now. in last Tuesday's i-„e I laid another attempt nt. being fnnuv at mv 'expense- Mr. Hewitt " pnrohnscd tho remarkable rclio from Mr. Athorton for a now eablmgo-troo hat." Neither lias slio been " lying ori Mr. Atliorton's rim at Bald Hills," for Mr. Athorton happens to havo no run at Bald Hills, nor does it oxtond to tho coast. Tho publio will host bo nblo to jtulgo when thoy seo her how far tho Editor of tho BiiUcf/it'drow upon his innmuiiuatiou to make news. BOBT. IlEWITT. IIeuh is a prospectus of Oil City by a Titusvilln paper — A smalt, gnarled, frowzy, knotty, bnro-bnokod up-and-down, humped, ronnd-sltotildored, gully, pro- cipioy, and generally shot up, seooped-out, ravined, inflexible, irregular, greasy, and slab-sided sluuily town. Lorry Hough will novor lcoturo any moro — in pnbljXi£lio has made a pormancnt engagement, llis lHis Gregory. Lotly lectured last winter on !' Popping tho qncslion," telling how. it ought to be done. . Gregory did it. This illustrates tho infiuonco of tho lycennis and woman's mission in it. . 