LATEST INTELLIGENCE BY CABLE AND OVERLAND. reuteu's telegrams to associated tress. ( Fron\ the S. M. Herald.) London, August 1. A discussion took place in the llouso of Com mons on Ministerial responsibility, in conso- quonco of Mr. Ayrton repudiating the responsi bility of tho Bonrd of Works for the alteration of an ostimnte by tho Treasurer. Mr. Gludstone disagreod with tho dictum laid down by Mr. Ayrton. Parliament stands adjourned till Tuesday. Tho King of Sakony is reported to bo recover ing. In the House of Commons, Mr. G. Sclater- Booth criticisod the management of tho Treasury. Tho Right Hon. R. Lowe promised that hence forth regularity and order 'should provail. The appointment of Mr. Stophons to succood Sir Gooruo Jessel as Solicitor-General has not been confirmed. The grant for an additional £10,000 a year to tho Duko of Edinburgh on his marriage was brought brl'oro tho llouso of Commons. Tho motion was carriod, with 13 dissentients. Tho Goodwood Cup.— Flagoolot, 1 ; Favonius, 2 ; Cromorne, 3. Tho Spanish insurgents are burning Sevillo with petroloum ; and an insurgent squadron, 'con sisting of five gunboats und two frigates, nro bombarding tho port of Almeida in Andalusia. Tho insurgents at Cnrthugenu have formod a Ministry; and aro negotiating with thoso of Valentin. Don Carlos has onterod Biscny. .Tho insurgent troops aro in possession of Sevillo'. Cholera is spreading in Tonnossoe, U.S. ' London, August 2. Tho Bank of England rato of discount remains at 3l per cent. Monoy is oasior in tho Conti nental markets, and discounts are falling. Stocks are lirmor. Dobonturos are quoted as follows: — Now South Wales Five per conts. January-July— 106. Arictoriau Fivos— January- July— 100. Queensland sixes, 110. Union Bank shares, 131. Bunk of South Australia, 32. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bunk, 20. Copper of all kinds is quiet. Aus tralian is quoted at £36 to £87 for cash. Tin is steady. Straits, slab, £130'. Australian tallow has improved. Wool and wheat aro unchanged. Best sidos of Australian leather sell at 12d. to 18d. por lb. llidos aro stoudy at G;d. por lb. for first heavy and Old. per lb. for best light. Sydney cocoannt oil, £27 to £31. Tho Rev. Goorgo T. Porks, M.A., has boon elected I'rosidont of the AVosloyau Mothodist Conference for tho ensuing yonr. The rumour that cholora had brokon ont a week ago was contradicted, but two cases have sinco occurred among some Danish immigrants en route for Now Zealand, nnd tho whole of tho party lmvo beon placed under modical euro. A now Egyptian loau is announced of £32,000,000. London, August 4. A railway accident, which causod tho death of fourteen persons, has occurred at AVigan. Tho English, French, and Gorman Naval com- mnudors have agrood to prevent excesses . by Spanish insurgent war ships. 