EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various journals to hand:— The ' Tamworth Examiner' says :-We have again this week experienced very changeable weather. For the period of the year the season is very cold, and has had a most prejudicial effect upon stock. Although feed in most places is springing up favourably, still the cold keeps stock in low condition. Where shearing has taken place, we regret to learn that losses have occurred amongst the flocks through the severity of the weather. Enquiries made of farmers are satisfactory. The wheat crop is so far uniujured, but rather rank. A good yield is expected, should the weather prove fine for a few weeks, but if rain continues fears are entertained that rust may appear.-On Monday last an accident occurred which by fortuitous circumstances did not terminate fatally. It appears that a man named William Flemming was near Cookley's house. At the time that we speak of, the bullocks were still; suddenly his daughter wished to get out of the dray, he tried to clutch her, at the same moment the bullocks started, and he fell in front of the wheels. We are not clear whether the dray passed over him, or whether the bullocks kicked ; but at all events his leg was broken, just below the knee. A Bingera correspondent of the c Ex aminer' writes :-Any one that knew Bendigo Gully some years ago, will re member that it was very rich, and that it was mostly specimen- gold, some of the specimens containing over 60 ounces of gold. The specimens were traced up to within a few feet of where Messrs. Ingram and party are now working. Then above, there was a blank for forty or fifty yards, then another rich patch of surface up to the head of Bendigo, where one of the richest, I think I may say the richest reef ever found in the Northern district, has lately been opened, of which more anon. The ' Mercury' says :-A young lady, Miss Fanny Sprag, died rather suddenly in Newcastle on Thursday last. She was suffering from au affection in the kidneys, and the malady had extended to the spine and brain, causing partial loss of eye sight ; but although her case was a seri ous one, her end was not thought to be so near. She took suddenly ill on Wednes day night shortly after midnight, and lin gered till about four o'clock on Thursday afternoon. At Newton, N.Z., lately, an old man named Thomas Abel attempted to commit suicide by hanging himself. A man cut him down, and he was revived with diffi culty. He had become infirm, and thought he was too great a burden on his daughter, a widow with three cliildren, who was ill when he determined to make away with himself. At Annum, Tanna, some time ago, a barrel of gunpowder exploded, when Mr. John Underwood was blown to pieces, and houses, trees, and fences in the im mediate neighbourhood were completely shattered. Such portions of the body as could be gathered together were collected, and buried. It is supposed that a spark from Mr. U.'s pipe had fallen among some loose powder on the barrel, and thereby ignited the whole. Recently, in a shop at Levuka, a kero sene lamp was upset, and the spilt oil ignited. A young lady passing ran in, and throwing some flannel on tfceflajnes put them out. The upsetting of the lamp put a whole block of buildings in immi nent danger of destruction. An interesting description of coal min ing in Ulawarra is given by a special re porter of the 1 Herald.' He says, of the upper incline to the tunnel in the Mount Pleasant mine :-" The machinery which turns to such good account the incline power, is of the simplest and most effec tive character, invented and erected under the superintendence of the manager. This lull of 800 yards' steep as it is, proves a boon instead of a trouble, for by the power of the descending waggons, not only are the empty wains pulled up, but the full skips are also dragged from the centre of the mountain. From the adit's mouth to the extreme end of the inner workings is a distance of 950 yards ; when four trucks are descending the incline, each holding about 30 cwt. of coals, two waggons are ascending, and 22 skips, con taining each about II cwt., are in motion coming towards the daylight. By arrangement there is a very considerable saving effected in horses and drivers, and as I have before written, all this is done by most simple machinery. Close to the top of the incline the winding drums stand, erected on a heavy.framework, and fitted with most powerful brakes. One large drum winds and .unwinds its wire coils as the waggons ascend and descend by two smaller drums at the back, which can be thrown in and out of gear at will; the haulage is done from the pit or tunnel. Two lines of wire rope are led into the mine ; one hauls from the extreme sta tion 9 skips to the middle station, at the same time the second line is pulling 13 skip's from the middle to the mouth ; 22 skips are thus kept in motion." Good wages are earned-occasionally £1 per day. The seam averages seven feet in thickness, and a 17 feet one 100 feet below, it is being opened. The coal is very superior for steam purposes. Be tween this and the Mount Keira mine, a quarter of a mile South, 86,706 tons of coal were shipped last year, and it is be lieved there will be a much greater return this year. The coal is easily shipped by a tramway. Mount Keira, in which are the mines, is 1539 feet above sea level. The Mount Pleasant mine is effectually drained by a tunnel 700 yards in length. This mine has been worked for 12 years, and when in full work turns out 230 tons of coal daily. Within an hour's ride of Kiama, there is also stated to be as much steam coal as would load all the ships likely to require coal at Sydney for the next century. Lieut. Sadlier writes to the ' Herald': A lady engaged a servant girl, about 18 years of age ; after a few days she stated that the place was too respectable for her, and if her mistress knew her character she would be glad to dismiss her;-she had been married three times within four months, and produced marriage certifi cates in confirmation of her statement, and so obtained her discharge. The Callixene, which lately arrived in Port Jackson, was 117 days on her pas sage from Liverpool. During the voyage Mr. Aichenlik, her second officer, was swept overboard by a heavy sea; the ship was scudding before a violent gale, and no help could be afforded. And when off Tasmania her captain, Mr. Dennehy, died from heart disease. The first specimen of a very beautiful medal designed by Mrs. Edward Forde for the Yass P. and A. Association has been presented to Mrs. F., -with a suit able inscription. At the Bathurst police court, .the other day, a man named Naughton charged Ed ward Sanden with forgery. The upshot of the matter was that Naughton was taken in custody for perjury. The ' Queanbeyan Age' says :-Hugh M'Tirnon appeared on summons charging him with a breach of the Cattle Stealing Prevention Act, by taking and selling a certain steer, the property of Michael Jackson, and appropriating the proceeds thereof to his own use. The defendant pleaded not guilty. This was an exceed ingly painful case of family quarrel, the prosecutor being the son-in-law of defend ant. It appeared that on marrying de fendant's daughter in 1872, prosecutor received from defendant ten cows and ten calves, which were owned previously by his wife. Mis. M'Namarra, at that time an unmarried daughter of defendant's, stated, that at her father's request, she went to the stockyard, and pointed out the cows and calves to Jackson, who then and there branded them with j|. These cattle thus branded were subsequently driven away, but some of them returned to defendant's run. Amongst these was a red steer, which defendant, it was shown sold to Mr. Steward, of Braid wood, with other stock of his own. This constituted the offence. Defendant denied that the animal, though bearing the jj brand, was or ever had been the property of the pro secutor's, and endeavoured to show that a system of very indiscriminate branding had been carried on by his children. The Bench to defendant: We find yon did sell this steer, and that it was the pro perty of the prosecutor. Defendant: Well, I'm d . For this outrageous contempt of court a fine of 5s. was sum marily inflicted. The Bench then retired to consider the penalty to be awarded, and on returning into court inflicted a fine of £10, in addition to the 5s. for con tempt, allowing £2 witnesses' expenses, £1 Is. attorney's costs, and awarded £5 of the fine to recoup the owner for the steer, intimating to defendant that he had had a narrow escape of being com mitted for cattle stealing. The horse presented to the Rev. P. Craig, of Ipswich, by the ladies of his congregation, has died of lockjaw. Ad verting to this the ' Observer' says :-" A singular circumstance illustrative of the affection which horses sometimes display towards each other, occurred in connec tion with the death of Mr. Craig's horse. Another horse which had been accustomed to run in the same paddock, and stand in the same stable with him, manifested the greatest sympathy with the sufferer from the time that the lockjaw commenced, remaining constantly by his side and re- i fusing to leave him even for a drink of water or a feed for a whole day. When death ended the sufferings of his com panion, he stretched himself down be side the carcase and licked it, showing such signs as a dumb animal could of real j sorrow, and could not be prevailed upon to leave the carcase for more than a few yards until it was removed." The 4 Western Post' says :-At a time when efforts are made in different parts of the country to raise peals of church bells, a suggestion on the subject in the Choir is opportune. Dr. Ferdinand Rallies, of Malvern house, South Hack ney, writes suggesting the use of steel bars as a substitue for cast bells. They are, he says, introduced in the United States and Germany with great success, and would form a new branch of industry should the manufacture of them be taken up in this country. There is not only a large area for them in England, but a great demand may be expected from the flourishing colonies of Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and India, as soon as they are known in those regions. The follow ing putlines will explain their particular merits, combined with cheapness of pro duction:-Steel bars produce a very pure, distinct, and particularly melodious sound, with many other great advantages over church bells of moderate size. The power of a clear and sonorous sound can be ob tained equally well, if not superior, to bells cast from bell-metal or steel. Then weight will be also light in comparison to the present ponderous productions. They will not burden the steeple so much, and, consequently, will give more scope for architectural design, and have the merit of far-sounding. Their winding and hanging up -will not be so difficult, : dangerous, and expensive. They are not j liable to crack, as is often the occurrence with bells, and are therefore adapted for use in any climate. By a simple and mechanical contrivance they are more easily set in motion. The cost, compared : witli manufactured cast bells, is so trivial 1 that small churches and chapels, and es pecially mission stations abroad, -will be ' enabled to secure a peal. Three or four steel bars, forming a peal whose weight ? would not exceed 100 lbs., could he ma nufactured for £11 or .£12 ; whereas only three cast bells of the same power would at least amount to .£50 or .£60. The ' Herald' says, of Yolunteer land orders:-The number of land orders which will, in all probability, become due during the present and next four years, are estimated by the commandant at 2352. For 1873 they will probably be 407 ; 1874, 406 ; 1875, 376; 1876, 652 ; 1877, 511. The total acreage for the five years will therefore, presuming Lieutenant Colonel Richardson's estimate to be correct, be 117,000. Two girls aged but nine and seven years lately were shepherding, in the Mudgee district. They did not return at night, and next morning snow fell. The sheep were found that day, but nothing could be seen of the girls. A man named Laurence Hinds was lately stepping off a verandah, at Dun more, when he fell, and broke both bones of his leg. The girl named Payne, who was. run over by a coal train on the Lambton line, is recovering rapidly. At first little hope of this was felt. The Full Court has decided that Alder man Taylor was legally elected Mayor of Parramatta. Rich stone has again been struck in Erohmann's claim. Telegram from Brisbane, in ' Herald' of 12th inst. :-Two men started from Biirketon, Albert River, for Normanton, in a punt, to procure rations, and were driven out to sea. After nine days' pri vations and hardships, they reached the mouth of the Bynoe River, and walked from thence to Normanton.-Several dig gers proceeding to Port Darwin have re turned, intending to go to the new rush at Palmer River. Ditto from Melbourne:-A writ of habeas has been granted, bringing up Mount and Morris from Pentridge, with a view to their discharge, on the ground that being in Pentridge they are in illegal custody.-A Mr. Robert Greathead claims to have discovered a complete cure for diphtheria, and asks ,£5000 from the Go vernment, which they are not disposed to give. The other day, at Deniliquin, a woman pleaded guilty to having been drunk in a public place. It appeared she had been camping under the bridge for a fortnight, and was near her confinement. The Bench gave her an admission order to the Hospital, on condition that she be haved herself and made herself useful. Bird, the English runner, endeavoured to accomplish the feat of running 11 miles within the hour, at Hobart Town, lately, but failed, by six: minutes. At the Don coal works, Launceston, recently, the dam burst, and the miners narrowly escaped being drowned. The other day, by some unexplained process, Peak Downs copper mine shares were forced up from 13s. 9d. to 17s. At Wattle Flat, W. district, an Italian named Vincent was Buffering from dis ease of the heart so severely that he re garded himself as a burden on his mates, and frequently said he would go into the bush and die. Recently he wandered about a mile into the bush, and, after di vesting himself of the greater part of his clothing, he seems to have fallen down dead while in the act of unfastening his necktie. The telegraph to Boarke was opened on the lltli inst. Mr. Gourlay, of Sydney, has on exhibi tion an ox. with five legs. The extra leg . is not used. The animal weighs about 1000 lbs. At Euston?, in Riverina, the native dogs are becoming too knowing for strychnine baits. Mr. N. MDonald lately came j across a litter of ten pups, nine of which he secured alive. We commend to earnest attention the following useful hints as to the causes of diphtheria, from the ' Pastoral Times' : Diphtheria, of a very severe form, has at times appeared at Deniliquin, and some 13 years ago it carried away four out of six of Mr. John Brougham's children, who were then living at Hartwood, on the Billabong. After the disease had done its worst, and the family had temporarily moved away, the cause of the disease was discovered. The poor children were liv ing (or, more properly speaking, dying,) in a cottage, and underneath the floor of the room a pool of unwholesome water was found; in fact, on removing the boards, it was necessary to use a bucket to remove the deposit. Generally, the germs of this fatal disease can be traced to preventible causes before it becomes active. This, though in one way, is as suring, yet it seems to rest as a censure on us when we do not take due precau tion to remove all causes that tend to foster diphtheria, and such like, though less fatal, diseases. Diphtheria, like ty phus, generally has its origin in deposits of faecal matter-a choked drain, for in stance, is an active cause. This was made evident at Upper Deniliquin station re cently in the attack of two of Mr. Robert Landale's children, fine strong boys, liv ing in a capacious dwelling, always re gained as possessing the requirements that contribute to health. Dr. Noyes, who attended the cliildren, called Mr. Landale's attention to the local cause of the attack, and on closely examining the drains of the premises, Mr. Landale found one of them choked up. On open ing the drain there was omitted an amount of infectious gases sufficient to poison a whole town, for the slightest in halation of these morbid poisons will, at times, produce the disease in an indi vidual. Again, at a station on the Lach lan named Hunthawang, Mr. Gall lost several children, and Mr. Toms, who lived there some time previously, was equally unfortunate in losing many of his children. We are informed that the cause could there be traced. We could give a number of instances proving how neces sary it is to insist on building our houses in town and country on good sites-high and airy, where no faecal deposits are likely to affect the place. -<33gles, of the ' Australasian,' writes : A professional man of keen observation, now on a visit to the old country, thus writes me of one thing which has come prominently under his notice :-" What a change here in the condition of the working-classes! Wages nearly double what they were ; the people much more mdependent and less civil than formerly. Indications point to universal suffrage, and perhaps republicanism. Look at the immense strikes, the combinations of mas ters, and the combinations of workmen. See the successful efforts of the latter in putting working-men into Parliament. In Scotland the miners earn, as a mini mum, 10s. per diem, and by hard work they can make £4: 10s. per week. Very many are drunkards, feast on champagne, and are rowdier than the population of Ballarat or Bendigo ever were." How can we expect immigrants from a land so blessed as this 2 JEgles writes, in the ' Australasian': A tradesman's collector had been for some time persistently calling on one of those gentlemen who desire a repetition of the visit on Saturday week-who want a fresh copy of the account- who think there is some mistake in the amount-who seldom are in when sought. The collector had instructions to call just once more on this dilatory person before taking other steps. This was the result of the inter view as reported to his employer :-Credi tor : Did you call on Mr. ? Col lector : Yes, sir; but I didn't get any money. Creditor : Did you tell him that I said I wouldn't send again I Collector: Yes, sir. Creditor: WeU! And what j did he say to that 1 Collector : He said he was very much obliged to you. .jEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes : It is surely a curious condition of society in which a journal such as the ' Matri monial News' can secure profitable sup port. I have hitherto regarded adver tisements of this class either as squibs or as covering some ulterior and probably j dishonourable purpose. But here is a journal devoted solely to bringing into communication, with a view to marriage, persons entirely alien each to the other. It has existed for three years, and con tains between three and four hundred in vitations to love, &c.;, in its columns. . Here are two or three, taken at random : -"I am partly French by birth, and am determined to marry an Englishman, my age is 23, I am gay, witty, and amusing,' fond of talking, do not care for dress, and a good actress, and can add up the weekly bills. My favourite amusement is danc- ? ing a ballet. I should make a. very good j wife, and should be contented to marry on four hundred a year." There is a pros pect of bliss for a man -fond of ballet. He could have his ballet on the premises. Another :-" A Scotch farmer, at one time a merchant, aged 27, 5ft. 8in., can go as if by steam, fair complexion, with enough of colour, excellent head of hair, long flowing beard, of superior intellect, with income of about .£600 per annum, wishes to marry a handsome lady from 18 to 27, must be a member of a Protestant place of worship, with about a half his own in come, furnished house ready kept by a relative, dark hair preferable by way of contrast." When country gentlemen and ladies, young, beautiful, and with _£G00 per annum, seek alliances through the 'Matrimonial Gazette,' one begins to suspect bogus. But the newspaper lives to prove the last step from romance to realism. When a lady stoops to cata logue her charms in an advertisement, what becomes of the poet's fancy of love's young dream ? A female goat keeper at Rockliampton, known as " Crazy Jane,'' has entered an action in tlie District Court against tlie Municipal Council, claiming £100 damages for the destruction of lier pets. The * Mercury' says :-A singular in stance of canine sagacity has come to our knowledge. In the early days of August a farmer and his wife came down the country to Maitland from Saumarez, near Arinidale, a distance of two hundred and thirty miles. They travelled in a dray, and were accompanied by a dog of the " cattle" breed, who trotted behind them. On arriving at Singleton on the first day of the show, the wife took passage in the train for Maitland, and to secure the dog, brought him with her, assisting to put him in the dog box. On reaching Mait land, he was let out of the dog box, but when his mistress wanted to catch him to put him in the omnibus, he shied oft', re membering that she had been the means of his recent imprisonment. He was seen trotting behind the 'bus for a little while after it started, and then he disappeared, and was not authentically traced about Maitland afterwards, though there were some rumours of his-having-been seen. When the couple returned home, which they reached on Tuesday last, the 2ud instant, they found the missing animal, who had been home for a fortnight, ac cording to the report of persons there. That would give him at the utmost sis days to have travelled the two hundred and thirty miles, and he must have " made tracks" very rapidly. Of course, above Singleton, he would know the road well enough, but the wonder is how ho managed to -find his way over the thirty miles, traversed by him in the train, be tween Singleton and Maitland. A singular case was heard, a few days ago, at the Newcastle police court. The 'Pilot' says Mary Hardy was brought before the court for protection, being apparently of unsound mind. Robert Hardy (her husband, a farmer near Muswell Brook) deposed to the fact that for the last ten months, the defendant had acted very strangely, talking very wildly and incoherently, and fancying she heard people talking to her ; one day she took a knife and began cutting the wall, saying she was killing one of the spirits ; she seemed to think the place was haunted and could not be got to remain at home; witness brought her down to Newcastle to receive medical assistance; about ten months ago she rode into town on a very hot day and behaved very strangely ; unless people had known her to be a very temperate woman they would have believed her to be drunk; she has been always of very temperate habits; witness has been married to defendant for 17 years. R.R.S. Bowker, M.D., proved that the defendant was subject to illusions respecting spirits and considered that she was unfit to be at large, and required to be sent at once to a lunatic asylum. Dr. R. C. Knaggs gave similar testimony and the Bench ordered her to be removed to the receiving house at Darlinghurst. The defendant was re moved crying bitterly at having to leave her children. The Melbourne 'Argus' says:-The ship Lady Octavia, which arrived at the Heads yesterday, from London, brings out four very high-bred cattle for Mr. William M'Culloch. The shipment con sists of a yearling bull named Rapid, and three cows. The bull is of the most aristocratic lineage, and took the first prize at the Cardiff show as a yearling. So highly was this animal valued in Eng land that Mr. M'Culloch had to pay £1000 to secure him. One of our best breeders has already offered a very long price for this bull, even before seeing him. The COWB are of the highest class, and said to be very fine specimens. One cow died soon after leaving England. The same vessel also brings out a couple of very fine greyhounds, named Vanish and Vallambrosa, for Mr. M'Culloch. They are out of Vanilla, by Corker. A contemporary says:-A man named James Murray, a lumper, was so severely burned on the night of the 27th ultimo that he died a few hours after. The cala mity occurred in a boarding-house in Bourke-street West, Melbourne. The I deceased slept there, and on the morning of the day mentioned, at about half- past 3 or 4 o'clock, a man named Payne, who I was a lodger, was awakened by the pre sence of smoke in the room, and found the deceased in a sitting-room lying naked on the floor by a sofa which was on fire. All the deceased's clothes had been burnt off, his boots alone remaining. The de ceased was subject to fits, and drank a good deal. He was burned over the whole body, except the feet. He never rallied, and died in a few hours. The clothes were all charred upon him. Tiie ' Empire' says :-We have been favoured with ail inspection of a remark able piece of needlework in wool, at the residence of Mr. Anthony Rordern, George-street. It is the work of Mrs. 1ST. G. Bull, of Cabramatta Park, near Liver pool, and taking into consideration that it occupied four years in execution, affords another exhibition of that patience and ingenuity for which many ladies are re markable. The picture in question is a representation of the late Duke of Wel lington and Lord Raglan, mounted on their chargers, and threading their way through the passes of the Pyrenees during the war with the first Napoleon known as the Peninsular War. The generals are accompanied by Spanish guides, followed by several staff-officers. In the fore ground are shown some intricate moun-. tain passes; and the rich foliage of the country and several waterfalls are well brought out. In the background, a moun tain is seen to rise in rugged majesty, characteristic of tlie well-known grandeur of the Pyrenees. The features, faithfully pourtrayed, of the " Iron Duke," as well as that of his brave companion, indicate the importance of the work in which they were engaged ; while the Spanish guides Bhew in their expressive countenance much life and earnestness. The dimen sions of the picture are nearly 5 feet in height by 4 feet in width. It is enclosed in a magnificent frame, the work of Mr, Fuzz, of George-street. The ' Narrabri Herald' says :- At Hen- riendi resides an aboriginal shepherd, named Jimmie, who has been coming out lately as a musical instrument maker. He has produced a violin, using for the body a piece of currajong, which he has shaped and hollowed out in the likeness of the European article; for the neck and handle he has used an old broomstick; the strings are formed of kangaroo sinews ; and the bow is complete with the ortho- dox horse tail hair. The tension of the strings is accomplished by twitching them up, as teamsters tighten the lashings of their loading ; cross pegs being driven through the end of the handle, on which the sinews are hove taut. Jimmie's greatest delight is now to get an apprecia- tive audience, when his dancing, singing, and playing, of which he seems never to tire, are as good as a play, and moreover of no mean order. On the 10th inst. Messrs. Bradley, Newton, & Lamb sold of tin ore 505 bags, at improved rates. Sydney Go., at £72 10s. ; Wheal Ethel, £68 15s. ; Great Dividing Range, £68 5s. ; Wheal John son, £68 ; Comet, £67 7s. 6d. ; and sun dry lots assaying 57*9 to 68*5 per cent- at £46 17s. 6d. to £G117s. 6d. The other day a meeting attended by about 100 persons, chiefly free selectors, .was held at Wallabadah, to consider sug gested amendments in the land law. A committee was appointed to draw up a petition. Mr. Bennett, M.P., had more to say at the meeting than anyone else. At Sydney, on the 11th inst., the driver of an omnibus which was overloaded was fined 20s., and 6s. 6d. costs, or a week's imprisonment, for flogging his horses when they were fagged. In another case, the owner of a cab was fined 40s., and 6s. 6d. costs, or a week's imprisonment, for driving a mare the knees of which were badly grazed and inflamed. The storekeepers of Singleton have agreed to close their shops at 2 p.m. on Saturdays. The Rockhampton ' Bulletin' says :-A very serious accident occurred yesterday morning on board the s.s. Leichhardt to a man named Robert Oort, who was em ployed aB a labourer in landing cargo from the steamer. While engaged in his duties he accidentally fell down the hatchway to the bottom of the hold, and seriously in jured both ankles, at the same time frac turing the small bone of the right leg. Godfrey Fulljames, about ten years of age, residing in the Goulburn district, was patting a mare of his father's that has a foal, when the animal snapped at ' his hand, and catching hold of one of his : little fingers, bit it partly through, and with a jerk pulled it off at the first joint, I bringing away the tendon right from the elbow. Mr. Edward Miller, a resident of the Hawkesbury, of some seventy years' standing, died recently, in his one hun dred and fifth year. Fifty years ago he .was in the constabulary appointed to that | district. \ The Beenleigh correspondent of the Brisbane ' Telegraph' writes :-A short while back a little child named Miller .wandered into the bush near here, and the distracted mother, after vainly mak ing search, was obliged to call in the aid of neighbours. Mr. Hanlon, of the Ferry Hotel, and the Messrs. Burns, formed a search party, and at the end of some hours the lost little one was found by Mr. Hanlon up to its middle in a bog, and sound asleep. Mr. Hanlon at once went to the rescue of the child, which he extricated with very great diffi culty. At Hamilton, the other day, a miner named John Brian was coal getting, when a heap of coal fell, and crushed him across the stomach and legs. Though badly hurt, there is no fracture. On the 12th inst. Messrs. Bradley, Newton, & Lamb sold 518 bags of tin ore. The principal lots were Baal Gammon, at £72 5s. ; Victoria Ponds, £72; Wheal Johnson, £67 12s. 6d. ; Tingha, £60 17s. 6d. The ship Airey Force has been damaged much more than was expected by ground ing at Little Manly. The Marine Board has acquitted the captain and pilot from blame. The cables parted, owing to a heavy squall while she was rounding to. An influential movement has been ori ginated to secure the extension of the railway from Redfern to the heart of Sydney. On the 12th inst. a deputation from the Municipal Conference waited upon Mr. Parkes, to desire that the endowment of -p^und for pound should be permanent. Mr. Parkes seemed rather unfavourable to the proposal, but requested specific information on various points, after which he said the Government would consider the matter. Owing to finding rich stone again in Krolimann's claim, the shares were sale able at 15s., and suddenly rose to 19s. Telegram from Melbourne, in Satur day's ' Herald':-The lowest tender for repairs to the Dallam Tower is £9500. The lowest tender for the third section (fourteen miles) of theBallarat and Ararat railway is £40,835.-Mr. Marcus Clarke has been appointed sub librarian to the Public Library. Ditto from Cooma :-At the District Court, in the case of Captain Battye against Heney and Spring, proprietors of the ' Manaro Mercury,' for libel, the Jury gave plaintiff damages for £60. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says :-We were shown yeBterday, by a gentleman just ar rived from the Nowendoc gold diggings, two very beautiful specimens of water worn gold, found at a depth of about thirteen feet. One of the specimens con tained between three and four ounces of gold. The precious metal is encrusted in a dark looking quartz, blackened appa rently by the action of lire.-As a lady was passing up Newcomen-street on Wed nesday, an attack was made upon her by a ferocious Newfoundland dog. The brute jumped on her shoulders and bit her very severely on the left arm. The above is the third or fourth onslaught of the kind made by the same animal, which is, we understand, to be shot by its owner. -A man named Clegg met with an acci dent that nearly resulted fatally on Wed nesday ni^ht. Probably being unaware of the alteration at Tighe's Bridge, he .walked Btraight for the partially removed old bridge, and consequently found his way into the creek, where he was very nearly drowned. His cries attracted the attention of two men passing on horse back by whom he was rescued, but not without a good deal of difficulty. When taken out of the water, he was so much exhausted that he was unable to stand. The ' Pilot' states that a passenger by the steamer Gothenburg gives the follow ing information as to the Port Darwin gold fields, after a careful survey :-Re specting the diggings, our informant re ports most unfavourably. He states, in fact, that they are, from beginning to end, a failure, and this has been so far realised by the South Australian Govern ment that the latter are adopting every means likely to stay the tide of immigra tion that has been setting towards the Northern Territory for many months past. He says there is very little gold being obtained ; that the reefs can never be profitably worked, and that any efforts in this direction must result in heavy loss. Alluvial mining is temporarily profitable, but the land must soon become wrought out; and even these diggings are now overdone, and very many persons are absolutely doing nothing. Altogether the accounts given are exceedingly bad, and, coming as they do from a disinter ested source, will doubtless have due weight. In addition to drawbacks, ague and fever are very prevalent on the dig gings just now, and many are stricken down by sickness. In the face of this, large numbers were still arriving at Port Darwin, where no less than five vessels .were expected with passengers. The Gothenburg on this trip brings several unsuccessful diggers. At Braidwood, recently, a little boy named Quelch went to a tied-up dog, got a stick, and was tapping the animal on the leg to make it go into the kenneL It lifted up its foot, as if to shake hands, when its paw caught the child's eye and tore the flesh down to the cheek-bone, inflicting such a wound that Dr. Llewellyn had to be sent for to stitch the ilesh to gether. At Warwick, the other day, David Waters was charged with assaulting and , using threatening language to his wife. The charge seemed proved, but the com plainant admitted that she had on a pre vious occasion given her husband two black eyes when he had assaulted her. She also stated that her husband had deceived her when they were married by saying that he had money, and it turned out afterwards that he had none. He was bound over to keep the peace. The following telegram from Gympie, Sept. 10, appears in the ' Queenslander': -Patrick Molloy, the last of the sufferers by the Coutharaba explosion, died to-day in the hospital. Also, from George Town, "Sept. 5:-A prospecting party of six has just returned from the Palmer. They were out thir teen weeks, and found gold along the Palmer in many places for a distance of twenty-two miles. The ground was found to be payable at a distance of two hun dred and fifty miles North-West of Georgetown. The prospecting party have brought in one hundred and two ounces of shotty, water-worn gold, the coarsest piece weighing eight penny weights. It would be useless for diggers to go to the place without providing themselves with at least eight months' ra tions-with which the prospectors are just returning. The Melbourne 'Telegraph' says, of Wardill's gambling :-Two officers in the public service are as deeply implicated as any in the after midnight cardplaying, where the ruined man came to his bitter end, and it is whispered that one of these gentlemen has already been temporarily suspended with a view to the thorough examination of his accounts. He receives large sums of money daily, and he has only himself to blame if suspicion has fallen on him unjustly. The other officer is not in a position of money trust, and his case we believe is under consideration. A well-known fashionable bank clerk has also been suspended by his employers. [ A grand hotel in Collins- street was the scene of the operations, and there it ap pears the "loo" party would remain until 3, 4, and 5 o'clock in the morning.. The very minute of breaking up is noted in these terrible indices of a human fall, where churcligoing and friendly visits to happy domestic hearts occur on the same day as the gambling records.. The ave rage amount of the evening's play, so far as Wardill was concerned, was £180. "He would be richer or poorer always by that sum. One evening he won £405, and one month he lost £1100. Strangely enough, at the time of his death, War dill was on the eve of pulling off some " long shots" on the turf. It seems that he backed Benvolio and Horatio and Fitz Yattendon at the present Sydney races, and his winnings, it is authoritatively stated, would have gone far to redeem his losses. Such is the irony of fate ! It will be curious to learn whether or not the money is paid over to the benefit of those who have a claim upon the estate. The Rockhampton' Bulletin' says, of a local election meeting :-The chairman attempted to speak, but could not obtain a hearing. He then called upon Mr. Newman, who essayed to speak, but was greeted with yells, howls, and showers of ?rotten eggs. After manfully weathering the storm for a time, he attempted to beat a retreat, the chairman, by-the- way, hav ing escaped out of the side window. The candidate, however, was less fortunate-a Mr. Morris jumping on the platform in a state of exhilaration, and keeping Mr. Newman at his post by main force. Mr. Morris then took the chair, and joined the rowdy portion of the assemblage in egg throwing, but himself coming in for no inconsiderable share of oviparous at tention. These insane proceedings ap peared to be immensely enjoyed by the audience, who roared with laughter, crowed like cocks, and made the other hideous noises which are deemed appro priate on such occasions. One ingenious gentleman contributed to diversion by fit ful blasts with a bullock's horn, thus per fecting a scene of disorder which may be imagined, but not described. The " riot" lasted about an hour, during which time the kerosene lamps were repeatedly struck by eggs, and other missiles. Ultimately Mr. Newman was permitted to escape, and the assemblage dispersed. The Huston correspondent of the ' Pas toral Times' writes:-We do not often hear of our native blacks going mad, and you will be surprised to learn the capture of a very dangerous black lunatic was ef fected in this town by Senior-constable Harper on the 26th instant. This unfor tunate insane is a man of immense size and strength, and has always been dreaded when in drink; his present state, how ever, is of a more serious and permanent nature. He threatened to take some one's life, when information reached the police officer, who, after much exertion and trouble, secured the raving desperado about ten at night. Our visiting Justice happening to be here at the time, the blackfellow was sent to Wentworth Gaol for one month. Strange to say, his friends at the campappear quite unconcerned as to the fate of their companion, and seem de lighted that the maniac was taken before he could kill some of them. The 'Queenslander' says On Satur day Mr. James Hawkins brought to the office of this paper a black snake four feet six inches long, and with a girth which gave evidence that the reptile was, figur- ; atively speaking, no chicken, and had ar rived at its full longitudinal dimensions. This is the fifth snake that has been killed during this spring on the same property, Lang Farm, rented from Mr. Cribb, and situate only two miles from Brisbane. Mr. Hawkins told us, with justifiable pride, that he killed fifty snakes last year in the same place. The black one which he brought for our inspection was of an unusually vicious disposition, for it chased two dogs, one after the other, before Mr. Hawkins managed to kill it. Some excitement was caused at the Never Despair some days ago, according to the 'Northern Advocate,' by the as semblage of a considerable crowd, ready, it is rumoured, to seize upon the gold from a crushing that was going through. The proceedings arose from a dispute be tween two mates, Casliin and Dower, and the former, acting under legal advice, got some of his,friends together to help him to seize the gold by force, if necessary, as soon as it left the retort. The gold was brought into town and lodged in the Com missioner's office. A case arising from the dispute resulted in Dower, to Ins own astonishment and the apparent satisfac tion of others present, losing the whole of the claim, of which he had tried to deprive Caehin, An influential committee has been formed in Brisbane for the purpose of raising a fund towards defraying the ex penses incurrred by the defendants in the libel action Donkin v. ' Telegraph' News paper Company. Recently, at Deniliquin, hailstones fell as large as cherries. The ' D. D. Gazette' says :-On Satur day last Mis. J. C. White met with a most painful accident at Jondaryan. The unfortunate lady was driving out in a buggy in the vicinity of the station, when the horse became restive, and ultimately succeeded in overturning the vehicle. Mrs. White sustained injuries of a very severe nature, from the effects of which it is feared that Bhe will not speedily re cover. Mr. Kennedy and his family have been received with crowded houses at Too woomba. At Toowoomba, recently, two men who were intoxicated had to be taken in a cab to the lock-up. They were fined the cost of the trip, 5s. Colonel Gray, one of the oldest veterans in the British army, died at Ipswich, Qd., on the 7th inst. He was born in 1786. The roads in the Dalby district are in a very bad state. A correspondent of the ' Gazette' writes :-I heard yesterday of one team with an ordinary load being eight days in reaching Daandine, a dis tance of twenty-four or five miles from Dalby. This was only accomplished by taking half a load on for three or four miles and returning again for the other half. On the bank of a creek running into the Fitz Roy, K". Qd., there was recently found an alligator's nest containing sixty eggs. Fortunately they had been addled, by a flood. Telegram from Taroom, in the Brisbane ' Telegraph':-The body of a man named Thomas Conroy was found within twelve miles of this place yesterday, and the pre sumption is that he Has been treacherously robbed and murdt by his mate, and his body afterwards . ,/rned. The charred remains were discovered to-day. The following is a copy of the letter written by Wardill to the Secretary of the "Victoria Sugar Company :-The extent of my defalcations is £7000. This has been going on several years, and the last balance-sheet shows letters of credit ac count the above amount deficient. All the other balances are correct in every particular. This I solemnly declare, and I wish to confess everything, and assist you to check my statement. It is the old story of taking money in order to make a good venture, and then return the ori ginal thefts. 1 have taken cheques be longing to the company and paid them in to my private account, and then en tered in the cash-book the amount to the credit of the various firms, and debited the letters of credit account. I have been a frightful scoundrel, but have suf fered dreadfully during the last two years, and I feel better now I have told you all. The exact amount is £7000 to a penny. The £200 debited G. and M. was to make the amount of my embezzle ments £7000, as you will see by the cash book for June. You need not fear that I shall try to abscond. I could have done so on Saturday if I wanted to do, but I had determined to drown myself to-night, but when I went home to dinner the sight of my wife and child sent me to my bed room, and I prayed to God, the first time for years, and I now come to give myself up to you and the directors. God knows I would do anything in the way of resti tution if I had it. But my furniture is all I have, which the company will get. It is a dreadful crime that I have com mitted, and I would undergo anything if only my innocent relatives would not suffer. While I am writing this, I think it better that I should make away with myself, but if I do, I have been taught that I shall be consigned to everlasting punishment, and I dare not.-R. W. WARDILL.-Sunday afternoon, 17th Aug., 1873. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :-Mo dels of the latest improvements in pud dling machines and burning ovens for reducing tin ore into marketable shape, have been received by Mr. Steiger, the Government geologist, to whom we are indebted for allowing us to inspect them. The puddling machines are of most in genious construction, and tend not only to prevent waste, but economise labour in a great degree, with comparatively small cost. Instead of the old plan of the horse being kept going in a circle during the day, by a simple application of cog wheels and a crank the work of two horses can be done by a man. There are two models one of which is generally in use, with the exception of a concentrating process in the centre by which the extraneous mat ter passes through a wash pipe at the side, leaving the ore in the receptacle. The other machine is somewhat similar in construction, but the concentrating power is very much increased by its formation; it is a patented invention and is called the " Borlace Fatent Puddler." The models are constructed on the scale of one inch to the foot, and the modus operandi can be easily understood in a few minutes. A very nicely executed model of a burn ing oven, for smelting purposes, is also exhibited. The ' Argus' says :-Maiy Maloney, the wife of James Maloney, a labourer at Cherrytree Flat, who was reported to be running about wild, was brought into Ballarat by the police, together with four of her children, two boys and two girls, the youngest about 13 months old. The woman presented a shocking appearance from dirt and exposure to the weather. She is supposed to be silly, but seems in good health. The children seem to be also strong and healthy. These wretched beings occupied a bark hut that lets in the rain. There was no furniture and no bedding, except fern leaves and branches, and a few old rags, all wet. The poor creatures are said to have lived lately on roots and any vegetables they could find. Mrs. Maloney says that her husband left her some time ago. Her stepfather is said to have sent potatoes to her occa sionally. There are three other children, the eldest 15, whom the stepfather had taken charge of. The mother and her four children were all but naked when found, and the police sent blankets out to cover them on their way to town. Two loaves which were given to them were devoured ravenously. The children seem half wild. The ' Maryborough Chronicle' says : ThePremier,theHon. A. EL Palmer, lately visited Yengarie, and inspected the tram way now in course of construction from the manufactory to Mr. Nixon's planta tion, a distance of three miles. It is pro posed at first to work this line by horse power, but steam will shortly be employed, Messrs. Tooth & Cran having sent to England for a suitable locomotive. The Premier spoke approvingly of the line, and thought tramways might be intro duced with advantage into many parts of the colony. He also said that he would be glad to see a trial line laid down in our district. The ' Herald' states that on Saturday, at the Water Police Court, John Whitley and Henry Whitley were charged with stealing a quart of brandy, the property of the Queen. The same prisoners were charged with assaulting Constable Hig gins, and also with having made use of obscene language. They were each found guilty of all the charges, and were each sentenced for the first offence to two months' imprisonment, with hard labour; for the sccond offence to pay a fine of forty shillings, or to be imprisoned for one month ; and for the third offence to pay a fine of forty shillings, or be impri soned for fourteen days. The sentences to be accumulative. Recently, at Hyde, a young man named Edward Miller was assisting his father to split open a very large log by blasting ; the charge went off while he was near, and the explosion broke his leg, severely lacerating it. Fortunately, the risk of amputation lias been avoided. On the night of the 12th inst., while the Danish barque Oscar was attempting to enter Sydney Heads, the pilot had to anchor her near the North Head, owing to her going back from a squall while wearing. But the anchor parted, and before a second one could bite she bumped on the rocks at the old Man's Hat, just inside North Head. The Malay crew abandoned her, so the captain, with his wife and children, and the pilot, had to go too. They all reached Manly in safety. In .the mean time, the vessel drifted outside the Heads, and when looked for could not be found. It is therefore believed that she foundered. -The body of the little boy Barrett, who had strayed away from his parents' residence at Cooma, was found in a water hole. It seems that the two children lost from a sheep station in the Mudgee district, recently, were a boy and a girl (not two girls). The girl has been found, and is recovering from the effects of her expo sure. She left her brother to obtain succour for him, but when rescued she could not find her way back to where she had told him to remain. Telegram from Murrurundi, in Mon day's 'Herald':-The Rev. Father O'Keeffe was accidentally shot this evening while handling a pistol which was not supposed to be loaded. One ball entered his chest and passed round his side, and another passed through one of his hands. The ball from his side was extracted by Dr. Gordon, at whose residence the Rev. Mr. O'Keeffe is now lying. At 9 o'clock the symptoms were reported to be favourable. Ditto from Melbourne :-Asharebroker at Sandhurst, named Murgatroyd, has been arrested for obtaining money by means of false pretences.-The Govern ment have announced their intention of giving the sum of £500, ion the condition that a similar sum be raised by agricul tural societies, for the best reaping and binding machine. The schooner Lavina was seized by natives of New Ireland on the 18th July. The captain and others were thrown over board ; the mate, cook, and two others of the crew were killed. Fortunately the loss of lives was but four; it was sur prising that anyone escaped under the circumstances. The Spring Meeting of the Sydney Hunt Club came off at Randwick, on Saturday last, but although the weather was beautifully fine, and the sport excel lent, the attendance did not exceed 5000. According to the ' Herald,' the placed horses were-Handicap Hurdle race: Paladore, Morris, La Blonde. Hunt Club Cup : Sir Watkin, Monk, the Dean. Ladies' Cup : Excels Ljrr^Cyclops. Great Metropolitan Steeplechase : Prodigious, Prior, Trumpeter. Corinthian Hurdle race : Gaffer Grey walked over. ' Rand wick Hurdle race: Paladore, Gaffer Grey, La Blonde. Flying Handicap : Atalanta, King of the Forest, Sic_Roger. The New South Wales Rifle Association has offered to provide a " parliamentary cup" to be shot for by five members of , the Assembly and five members of the i Council. At Freestone CreeTr, Qd., lately, a barn was burned with about 300 bushels of maize, apparently by accident. On the evening of the 12th instant an old man named Harrigan was crossing the Hunter at Eldersjie in a bullock dray, when the vehicle upset, and Harrigan was drowned. Theodore Zieball, who stabbed the gin near Queanbeyan, was found guilty of a common assault only ! Judge Macfarland commented very strongly upon the im propriety of the verdict, and sentenced the fellow to twelve months' imprison ment, with hard labour. A road to the commonage at Bungen dore was recently opened by Mr. Sur veyor Thompson, it having been fenced across. The fence was again put up, whereupon a number of the inhabitants went one morning, and pulled it down. The ' Dispatch' mentions the sudden death of Mr. W. K. Smith, of Gilgandra, on the Castlereagh. The cause is not stated. The ' Dispatch5 says !*-Early this month a blackfellow named Jackey Barren mur dered his gun by stabbing her with a pair of shears. Several blaekfellows were pre sent when the deed was committed, but the matter was not reported to the police till a few days ago. The Mundooran po lice are now in pursuit of Jackey. The 'Dispatch's' Upper Bogan corre spondent writes :-A bright youth, near six feet high, the son of a squatter, in company with a blackfellow, took a black gin from a flock she was minding, beat a little girl about ten years old, strapped the gin across a spare horse, and after travelling about twelve miles camped, where they got drunk, and the gin bolted home, bruified and scratched severely. As the evidence of a black person is not taken, the offenders escaped punishment, but had a blackfellow, who followed them with a double- barrelled gun, daylight enough to run the tracks, the two would never again have taken a gin from a,flock of sheep. .Mr. D. O'Brien, Jun., a warder in the Bathiirst gaol, lately fell over the railing V)f the upper-,corridor upon the floor of the lower one, a depth of \A\ feet. He was in a dangerous condition for some time, but is recovering. The Walgett correspondent of the ' Cen tral Australian' writes :-Mr. Newcomen, of Angledool, Narren River, has sold four blocks of country to Mr. Bloxsome, of New England, for £4800, or £20 per square pile, unstocked, and no permanent water. 4 However, this is to be made, and 50,000 sheep put on it. The * Warwick Examiner' says:-A shocking case of sudden death occurred on the Stanthorpe Road on Sunday last to a carrier named Patrick Toft, who, it appears, dropped down dead when near the Gap, whilst driving his team. There were no signs of injury to be seen on his body, but medical testimony proved that the deceased died from aneurism. He has left a wife and five young children, for whom a subscription list has been tolerably well Med. The other day, the youngest daughter of the Rev. R. Earl, of Araluen, while ! playing in Mr. Reid's verandah, acciden tally fell, and broke her thigh. Airs. W. H. Newton, well known as an actress, died recently ,in the Millchester Hospital, Charters Towers. . The ' Courier's' Gympie correspondent writes:-About three months ago the Bank of New South Wales was robbed of £900. Since that period all sorts of ru mours have been afloat as to the presence of detectives, their possession of a clue, &c.; I fancy the clues must have been " ignis fatuus," for on Saturday appeared a notice offering £250 for the recovery of the £900. The escort from Charters Towers arrived lately at Ravenswood with 11,444 ozs. of gold. And it again started for Cardwell with 2479 ozs. 'additional from Ravens wood. At Rockhampton, recently, the Rev. Richard Leigh was on horseback, can tering over one of the bridges in William street, when his horse suddenly -slipped on the wet planking and fell, throwing its rider. The bone of the third finger of his left hand was broken, and his left knee severely bruised. The fracture was a very bad one, the broken bone protrud ing through the flesh. The ' Northern Advocate' says :-The dead body of a man was found on Sunday morning last on a heap of firewood in the yard of the Vulcan machine, Ravens wood. It appears that the man, whose body was then found, had been drinking heavily for some time, and that he was seen early on Sunday morning in a state of drunkenness. His name was Richard j or Dick Burns. Mr. John Thomas Baptist, the well known nurseryman, of Surry Hills, Syd ney, died on the 15th inst., aged 69. At Wellington, N.Z., it is complained that the present immigration system is an utter failure as regards supplying the want of female servants, either in town or country. A considerable number of girls are sent out, but the bulk of them are of a class quite unfit to be admitted into respectable houses. At Greymouth, N.Z., a seam of coal 15 feet in thickness has been discovered. There are 4932 miles of water races in New Zealand, and four large works for the supply of water to the gold fields have been undertaken by the Govern ment. At Timaru, N.Z., a silk dress value five guineas is offered for the best ex hibit of butter at the annual show. The Maori king has put a tax of Is. per head on every pig exported from what he considers his territory. New Zealand owes £9,622,104, being about £37 per head of the population. The Etheridge correspondent of the Townsville paper tells a touching story of the death in the bush of a little boy be tween 5 and 6 years of age, named Henry Bernecker, who strayed away on Satur day, the 2nd of August, and was not dis covered until the following Thursday morning, when he was found by Mr. Huddy, a saddler, about 4 or 5 miles from the township, in a dying condition. It appears the poor little fellow had been walking in a circle the whole time, with out a drop of water or anything to eat. He died before Mr. Huddy could get to the township. Telegram from Mudgee, in Tuesday's ' Herald' :-Messrs. Cressing & Cox sold to- day a splendid mob of cattle (Spencer's), from Bokhira, at an average of £8 12s. Ditto from Melbourne:-The Albion reports meeting the steamer Claud Hamil ton, and that Captain Rouse has been washed overboard and drowned. A sea carried away the captain's cabin while he was inside. Captain Rouse has left a widow and family.-The Stawell mining dispute has been settled by private ar rangement between the parties. Ditto from New Zealand :-A large fire at Auckland broke out in the centre of Queen-street on the night of the 6th. The fire was first discovered in Powley's millinery establishment. It raged with great fuiy, and the whole of the West side of Queen-street from the bottom of Cook-street is in ashes ; also the lower half of Wellesley-street. Altogether fifty eight buildings have been destroyed. Whilson's brewery had a narrow escape from destruction. It was several times on fire. The value of the property de stroyed is not less than £60,000. There were several accidents during the fire; three men fell from a verandah, and were much injured. A North-East gale was blowing during the fire. A heavy rain fell afterwards. There are insurances. The cause of the origin of the disaster is unknown. The 'Riverine Herald' mentions that several more selections are taken up on Mr. O'Shanassy's run at Moira, and that a number were taken up on Upper Denili quin run on Thursday last, leased by Messrs. Landale, Brothers. The ' Pas toral Times' says :-773G£ acres were taken up at Deniliquin Land Office on Thursday, chiefly in the names of minors from Victoria. We have it on good authority that some Victorian land job bers intend to pay us a visit. One man, we are assured, was offered £2 10s. a week to act aa a dummy, and perhaps this honourable position could be best filled by the gaol birds when they emerge from the prisons of Riverina. The hint may be worth something to those in want of dummies, and dummies who don't want work. The legality of selection by minors is to come before the Privy Coun cil, and we hear that several of the most eminent of Victorian counsel have given their opinions that minors cannot law fully select-that a minor is not a person within the meaning of the Land Act. The ' Gundagai Times' urges the impo sition of an annual tax of 5s. per head on dogs, in town and country. The ' Illawarra Mercury' says :-The " break-band" of the main " drum" on the incline of the Mount Pleasant tram way snapped, while three full waggons were descending and two empties ascend ing the line. Consequent upon the acci dent the full waggons proceeded at such a rate that the velocity of the drum wheel caused it to break into pieces, endangering the life of every person within a consider able distance of the scene. The full wag gons kept the rails all the way, but the spead at which thev descended was so great that it caused the two empty wag gons going up the line to dash against the drum, which, of course, broke them to pieces, as well as causing much damage to the drum structure. Fortunately no person was hurt by the accident, although several had narrow escapes. Mr. Lahiff, the manager of the mine, attributes the snapping of the iron band which occa sioned the damage to the intense coldness of the atmosphere on that day. The ' Bendigo Advertiser' relates that on the previous afternoon a frightful scene was witnessed at the Sandhurst Municipal Cattle Yards. Being Tuesday, it was the occasion of the usual weekly market. The pens were all crowded with cattle, fresh and wild from the country stations; and a large number of business men, stock and station agents, dealers, and drovers, were in attendance. The sale was going on, and the cattle, accord ing to the usual manner, were being drafted from one pen to another. A drover named William Phillip, with an other man named G. Morris, was in the race, when a bullock, which had been turned out, returned, and Phillip called out to Morris to look out for it, as it was a dangerous beast. Th e latter got through the manhole out of the way, but Phillip himself attempted to escape by climb ing the fence, but while in the act of doing so, the bullock rushed at him, and struck him in the back of the thigh with his horn, inflicting & se vere and dangerous wound, and threw him on the ground. The infuriated ani mal then sood over him roaring, as those who witnessed the affair state, like a lion, trampling the prostrate man, who, with a wonderful degree of pluck, caught the beast by the nose with one hand, and struck at its eyes with the other. As a matter of course he was unable to beat the beast off, and it again gored him in side the thigh, and, lifting him bodily on its horns, threw him some distance into the air. Morris, seeing the danger Phil lip was in, returned with a drafting-pole, and endeavoured, at some risk to himself, to beat the bullock off. After a hard struggle he succeeded in doing so, but not until Phillip had been frightfully bruised and wounded. Some gentlemen who witnessed the accident, and saw Phil lip's agosy and sufferings, state that the sight was heartrending, and that it was miraculous he escaped with his life at all. The unfortunate man, who lost a great deal of blood, and was in intense pain, was taken to his residence at the Redall, pre ferring to go home to be taken to the Hospital. He was immediately attended by Mr. Atkinson, and, though found not to be mortally hurt, his injuries were of a most serious nature. He was gored be hind the left thigh in a frightful manner, the horn having completely ripped the flesh and muscle open to the bone. An other gore inside the thigh is of great extent, the muscles and sinews being terribly torn. Another gore near the knees is of the character of a stab, form ing a bad punctured wound. He is also badly hurt about the head, and lias several severe contusions all over his limbs and body, and it is feared that he will be crippled for life. From enquiries made last night, we learn that he is do ing as well as could be expected, and was even cheerful, though of course suffering very acutely. 