THE LATE BISHOP WILBEliFORCE. The late Bishop o£ Winchester was no ordinary man. He was the son of the cele brated William Wilbeiibre, well known and revered for his strenuous and successful eifom for the abolition of slavery in the British possession. The late Bishop commenced life under very favourable circumstances, and a brilliant career was early predicted for him. lie had not been ordained many years before he was made successively Archdeacon of Surrey and Dean of Westminster, lie was stili scarcely past ihe period of youth when he was con oecrated Bisiiop of Oxford, a position which he held tor twenty-live years, until a tew years since lie was translated to tiie See of Winchester, which ho lie id until his death. Dr. Wilberforce is probably one of those men j who will be better understood in future years ■ than by his contemporaries. His gifts were i many and varied, and were freely used during the whole of his public life. He was an eminent scholar, he was possessed of con siderable administrative ability, and his eloquence was of the highest order. The period of his episcopate has been one of intense excitement and sometimes of very acrimonious controversy. It is not therefore to be supposed that a man of the late Bishop's power could please or enjoy the confidence of all. Indeed, many years ago, he and the late Bishops Bloomfield and Philpotts used to be classed together with a very uncompli mentary adjective prefixed to each name. His sanction and support of the Oxford movement gained him many enemies, while more recently his opposition to some of the later developments of that movement made him many enemies in another direction. The personal influence of the late Bishop was very great, and it was probably by his personal influence that he wielded the greatest power. His eloquence was not only great in the pulpit but on the platform; and while he was popular with the courtly audiences, which he frequently addressed, he j was able to control the passions of largier and more promiscuous audiences. It is of course out of our province to comment upon the particular theological school with which Dr. Wilberforce was identified. Many of his speeches and of his writings contain noble utterances. Many of these will live, and we prefer to think of him and to judge of him by these than by those more doubtful posi tions in which, like every ardent public man, he was sometimes found. His own Church has lost in him one of its conspicuous ornaments, while the English public at large will, we believe, bury in oblivion his weak nesses and his faults, and accord him a high place in the annals of the country. KAPUffDA AJfD NORTHERN TERRITORY PltOS pectotg Yektuee.—The following telegram from Mr. Brock to Mr. Small was posted for public information on Friday atternoon:— " Have got one man ; cannot get more. Send good miners and tools; provisions, &c.; Raising splendid stone." Kapttstda Phiihabmoitic Society.— We would remind our suburban readers of the concert to be given by the Kapunda Philharmonic Society on Friday next. The programme is a very good one, iucludiug as its main feature the first part (" Spring") of Haydn's much-admired oratorio " The Seasons." This portion in itself comprises a number of eoIos, duets, trios, and choruses. Besides these, the programme also includes a variety of other vocal aud instrumental pieces of an attractive character, so that we anticipate a very enjoyable evening for all who attend$ and should the weather prove favourable we hope the audience will include a goodly num ber from outside Kapunda. By-the-way, the Committee have, we are glad to learn, come to the conclusion that no move reserved tickets shall be sold than there are seats available. Kapunda ajtd Northern Territory Pbos pecting- Venture (Limited).—At a meeting of directors held on Monday to consider what steps should be taken consequent on the late satisfactory telegrams received from Mr. Brock, the leader— announcing valuable discoveries made by him— it was determined to issue 2,250 new shares (at a premium of 5/ per share), to existing share; holders, at the rate of one new share for every two of which they are the registered proprietors, on the 1st September next. It was also resolved to send over six good miners and six months' provisions with the least possible delay. A Disorderly Character. — On Monday morning Ann Kebarley was brought up at the Kapunda Court, before Mr. H. Gr. Kelly, J.P., charged with being an idle and disorderly person, waiting about the streets of Kapunda at nigat, and not having any visible means of support. She pleaded guilty, and was sent to the Adelaide Graol for fourteen days. Accident.—Mr. D. Will's youngest girl, a child of nearly two years of age, was on Satur day evening run over by a spring cart. Her face was somewhat cut, but what caused for the time the most serious apprehensions was that the wheel had evidently passed over the stomach. Dr. Blood was at once called in, and we were i glad to learn yesterday it had been ascertained ! there were no serious internal injuries. Magisterial Case.—On Thursday Mary Ann Floyd and Ellen Jenkins were brought before Mr. Varley, S.M., charged with using indecent and obscene language in a public thoroughfare on the 5th inst. They were each fined 20/, or seven days' imprisonment in default, fourteen days being allowed for payment. In the row which occurred when this language was used Mrs. Jenkins received a nasty cut on the head, but as she declined to prefer any charge this matter was not gone into. Railway Officials.—We called attention a short time back to the very shabby appearance of the uniforms worn by the railway officials. We are glad to notice that since that time some of the new uniforms have been issued, so that the guards look a little move like the officers of a somewhat prosperous company. Immigration Lecturer. — We hare heard several persons, speaking of this appointment, suggest that a better man for this office than either of those already named as likely to receive 1 it, would be Mr. Q,uinn, late M.P. for the Port. As we have again and again stated, we don't be lieve in free immigration, but think a lecturer at home would do good by making the colony better kuown than it is ; and if it is determined to send a lecturer home, we hope the best man that can be obtained, whoever that mav be—whether Mr. Ward, Mr. Solomon, or Mr. lected. We have no personal feeling in the matter ; aud in suggesting Mr. Ward as one who would be very suitable to fill that position we were not, as some of our friends have si ace hinted, actuated by a desire to see Mr. Ward leave Kapunda, but the remark arose out of our con tradicting what wo believe to be a false statement, viz, that Mr. Ward had applied for the appoint ment, and this Jed to the expression of our opinion that, even though he had not done so, his admitted readiness of speech and his intimate j personal acquaintance with many parts of the j colony, would render such an appointment a ' good one ; and we think so still. But as to ! whether it is the best that may be made, cannot of course be as positively affirmed until it is known who clsii is willing to accept it. The Princess Louise Qtjabtz.—Washing operations are Btill being successfully carried ons and it is anticipated that by Thursday evening the amalgam will have been retorted, and the actual yield be finally ascertained. A paragraph in another column (extracted from a letter in the Wallaroo Times) states that the ton of quartz sent by one company to Adelaide was picked from tons and tons of quartz. So far as we know, this is the only ton of quartz sent to Adelaide from the Northern Territory; and on mentioning this paragraph to Mr. Williams and his partner, they most emphatically contradict that statement if it is meant to refer to their quartz, which they confidently assert was not so picked, hut was eent just as it was broken out. Northern Territory Appointments.—It is confidently stated that the Government offered Mr. Boucaut the Judgeship of the Northern Territory, but that he declined the appoint ment. The office has since been accepted by Mr Commissioner Downer. Prince Arthur.—English telegrams mention the betrothal of Prince Arthur to Princess Thyra the youngest daughter of the King of Denmark, and sister to the Princesss of Wales. England, Denmark and Russia will thus become Tery closely connected. In the first place, the Prince of Wales and Prince Arthur marry Danish prin cesses, whilst a third Danish princess is to be married to the heir of the Russian throne, and the Emperor of Russia's only daughter is to be married to the Duke of Edinburgh. [The be trothal of Prince Arthur and Princess Thyra has since been denied.]] Lieutenant-Commander Jennings, X.N.— The following letter from Samuel Pine Hill, of Strathalbyn, appears in the Southern Argus in reference to the detractory remarks made relative to the gentleman referred to :—" There has been much said and written within the last six months about Mr. Jennings and his rank of Lieutenant. I feel it my duty just to let the public be ac quainted with all I know concerning the good old gentleman. In 1827 I was in Navarino, on board the good ship Grenoa, under Admiral Hamilton. I there met Lieutenant Jennings for the first time, who was on board the Asia. He was then an officer, and a kind and noble one too; for if Jack is rough he knows a good man when he sees one. I again met Lieutenant Jennings in St. Jean d'Acre. I was then, fighting under Sir Charles Napier, some twelve or thirteen years later. Sir Charles, Lieutenant Jennings, and myself were not ten yards apart on commencing action. I never met Mr. Jennings again till I saw him at Strathalbyn about the end of last year. I solemnly declare this statement to be true, and defy all his slanderers to disprove it. I am willing to make this statement anywhere and any time Mr. Jennings may require me." An Adverse Opinion.—Mr. Watts, of the Ship Inn, Port Wallaroo, has placed at our disposal the contents of some letters that he had just received from a brother of his who went to the Northern Territory in the employ of the Telegraph construction party, and has since re mained there—heartily wishing himself away. He strongly ^advises no one to invest a penny piece in the gold companies, or to come to the Northern Territory. The climate is wonderfully productive of fever. Then there has been an enormous quantity of ' blowing' respecting the reefs. Doubtless there ia gold there, but the reefs, as far as at present found, are very smalL In the case of one company the specimens from which are said to have weighed on& ton when exhibited in Adelaide, theae were culled stones from tons and tons of quartz. Mr. Watts's brother is only waiting a favourable opportunity J to return to South Australia proper.— -Wallaroo Times. 