MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. The Maffra cheese factory has not proved a success, and all operations at the placo are stopped. The hours of labor of the gas-stokers and firemen of Melbourne have been fixed at eight hours. Diphtheria is so prevalent at Carisbrook .that it has been found advisable to close the State schppl, in order to prevent tho spread of the contagion. Mr. Morton, the second mate of tho royal mail steamer Baroda, has quite recovered from his attack of small-pox, and was discharged as convalescent from the sanatory station on 25th June. The ship Queen of Nations arrived on I6th June from London with two hundred and forty Goyernment immigrants, a great num ber of whom are under the bounty warrant system. They have enjoyed excellent health,, and there has been neither death nor birth on board. A Resident pf Hay wood in the Western district^ ?s'sistqd by tw,o sons, has killed over 3000 kangaroos' in six mpnthsl He shoots them' Jail .with heavy shot, skins them, .and sends tlieir skins tp mariccst, where .they f etcb at present a highly remunerative price. V Mr. Cohn, ,pf Sandhurst, has received f,rpm {blip tEqasurer-ge.riieriil of the Danish flpo.d rejief ijund aij acknowledgment of the s'\im,of £250 sent to Demnark ;by the residents c-f -San^lliujrst. The aggi'.cgate amount of conti^putipiis sont ip. exceeds one million rix .dbUars, paid . the distress occasioned by the flopds :baj3 .beeii i;elibv,cd. ,The ^ni^ual jtueeting of the New Third y^ct'pr^B.\iil'ding!andiny.estmentSbciety was helclpn. jtSlit J\u;e, at the office, 3 ElisKibeth sita'qet. ''J'i.e president,' treasurer, and com mittep _wbrte , declared re-elected, and Messrs. ^iildrige and ,Gpold were ejected auditors. The fourth' annual report, showing a profit pf £5 Ss. 8d. per share, was submitted to the sbarebol^ers. ' ? ,Thp month's takings were a^pvnccdlo be £1571 12s. lid., and thirty sev;en sharea wprb spld at nominal premiums. A jaee,ting .of ' su'bscribers to the Kane me mp^'i?il ijiiiid has ibeen held. The chairmaxi siibnirbted ' ' Resigns for a monument t.o ,tho niempry ,bf tHe late Mr. Benjamin J?. K.aue, secretary to fae Board ,p| Education, which met yitb general approyal. Tbp gen j^ej^jien '.present promised to use ;their J^es^exerjdons to obtain additional subscrij) ^piis,^and it is expected that at least £100 ,yill be available for the erection of a suitable mbhument. Instructions have been issued to the com manders of British ships of war employed in the suppression of the kidnapping trade, requiring them to respect the Government newly formed in Fiji, and deal with it as the de facto Government of the districts which acknowledge its rule. They are also in formed that British subjects cannot de nationalise themselves by assuming the nationality of an uncivilised state, and can not divest vessels owned by them of their British nationality. The powers which they are to exercise over vessels suspected of violating the Kidnapping Act are those of visit, search, and detention only. A meeting of the committee of the Vic toria branch of tho Anglo -Jewish Associa tion was held on the 6th July, when it was resolved that a petition bo presented, through the association in London, to the Shah of Persia,. in which all the congregations in the Australian colonies will bo asked to join, praying that bis highness will xircvent the continued persecution of the Jews in his territory, and claiming the same immu nities for them as are enjoyed by his other subjects. It was also resolved that an ap peal be issued to all the Jewish residents in yictoria, in which tho objects of the asso-' ciation will be explained, and subscriptions solicited. Another phase of the Buckley will case now presents itself. Should the will said to be made in favor of Thomas Majier ' prove to be iijfcqrrpet, it is pro bable that the next-of-knii; to the depeasod gentlemaii will be foupd in America; A nephew of bis is knqwij to bp residing |n tjiajb .country. Last yrf&g; a letter wb.s ro ceiye,dljyi|r. Brepnan frrpni a Wr. Ppwer, tl& ?yijdb^ver pf Mr. '! j?. ,C, Buckley's sister. ?Tmssi!j't.er hayingldied a|ter giving birth tp a sppi tjie , nJBpbew referred tp, Power, on hearing pf 0ip name $?ad'y, Ippked py.er his l^te- wlfp'p^lqfct.eVf.^ Wd f,WPd M9 W?cb hp 5va.s 4at.edfr9?»PaVramatJ;a in the year J84Q, a^]tho;,c^nit.ents' referred to Jier regret.at beuiirpbliffed 'to leave Ireland,, and reppm fi)?n9ing be'r childrefl. tp g° *p Ajherica. Sfep salted tjiat sjio had adopted -tjie 'name of' .Conpbilyl aij.d expressed anxjety at inbt having lie^rd^frpni her dauglftep.-. The letter on tjip face of it.'Jias by.ery . apj?eayaiic,o pf being gpnuine. M|*. Power fujrfjfej: writes, that he had not tpjd jtbg^nppbejy'jinytjijng i$M \p, ' and dj.d ! np^ .wfsb -,p. dps^ ^efore fniHjjg ; spn|etbH)g . W,P^ 1W& ' P?B,9.?S, ;*° e affair,; as Jie,J}a.cl po wifjj.tp unsettle ,e 4}mM ?^f; Vwkl?y fawfywti.-- ??? i-. ?-.? ?; 4^h,9 j$WB Pf Mplbqiirnp :M4 . at general mejsjiing ijt the Synagogue, Bpurke:Sjtriept,Pn 28tli of Juno; for tjie purpose ;f)f organising a braifcb. of the Ai-glp- Jowisb As'pociatlion, as initio,')i.ea by *tbo Alliance Israplito Poiyer selle.,! The bon- Edward Cofyen, M.L.A., presided. Mr. . Henry Harris Syfl.3 app,bint'ed }PPj. g.ep. , Tbp meeting was polfe.d fpr%p juyn(0Be of .ujauguratjng . aji .jisspojatipn in jqnnecitipn witlutlib pnp eatablisbod: in' Lop.: Son, T with objects similar to tbose' of the ' Universal Israelite Alliance.' The inton lions of the society ate to work ' actively everywhere in behalf of the emancipation vnd |»Pral progress pf tho Jpws} tP lencl efficient aid to all who suffered in those por tions of tho globe whero persecution and ti'ronny were still unhappily practised ; to assist and encourage any movement likely to contribute to theso results. Mr. E. L. Zox moved that an association bo formed to carry out the objects pointed out by the chairman. Mr. Lazarus seconded the motion. Tho proposition was supported by Messrs. iM. Golastior, J. Banict, H. Micbaelis, B. Bon jamin, llov. A. Ornstciii, and Mr. Simeon Cohen. The motion was carried unani mously. The following committee was then elected : — Tho lion. Edward Cohen) iirusi dont), Mr. J. Jacobs (treasurer), Messrs. W. Davis, Etzon, N. S. Marks, A. Waxm.in, H. J. Hart, and the Revs. A. Ornstein and M. Riiitol. 