CURRENT EVENTS. I Slaughtering Iioknses.— At tlio Police, Court to-day the consideration of tho applica tions for slaughtering liconsos was further post poned to this day wook. ? New Insolvent.— Georgo Watson Drew, of Brisbane, on his own netition; First sittings fixod for 3rd March ; second, 7th April.; J. II. Whitely, Official Assignee. Tni: Late Mayor.-— We aro gratified in being , able to state that the lato Mayor (Mr. E. J. Baines), on his retirement from office, presented tho Town Clerk (Mr. W. E. Orr) with a hand sonio gold Albert chain, in recognition of his services during his (the Mayor's) term of officei and as a souvenir of his year of mayoralty. Lunatic Asylum. — Tho Surgeon Superinten dent's report for tho week ending the 22nd instant , shows that no accession to the number of patients has been made, no deaths have occurred, and the Asylum remains precisely the same with regard to number of inmates ns oil tlio Inst report, viz., 144 males and 89 females. Tire Lammetisiiagen. — It - having been deemed .expedient to allow those of tho Lam mersbagen immigrants who wera occupied in any way or time upon Peel Island in waiting upon aud attending to the actually fever stricken, as well as tho remaining escaping mombers of any family among whom the fever appeared, to remain for a few days longer in quarantine, only 310 souls, in all, were brought up at one .o'clock to-day from tho island by the Kate. Of this number 50 are single girls, 100 singlo men, and 13 families. The immigrants aro of Norwe gian, Swedish, German, and Danish nationali ties, tho Danish element decidedly preponderat ing. They appear a strong, healthy Bet, both men and women, and it is anticipated that, des pite tho dreaded fever having been in such close quarters, they will soon be enabled to vacato tho dep6t. Seizure of the Woodbine.— Tho barquo Woodbine, which was captured some time lasj. month in Torres Straits by H.M.S. Basilisk, for not having her proper ship's papers, and which wns taken into Port Denison ou the 3rd instant through stress Of weather, arrived in Moreton Bay yesterday afternoon in cliargo of Lieutenant Smith, of the man-of-war, and is now at anchoral the bar. From enquiry wo have made respecting this seizure, we learn that ]fc resolves itself entiroly into a question between tho captain of the Basilisk and the owners of the barque, with which tho Government of this colony have nothing whatever to do, and with which they do not propose in any way to inter fere, beyond asserting tho oxistancc of an Admiralty Court here. The matter of the seizure will shortly bo brought beforo the Vice. Admiralty Court of this colony, where alone tho questiou will be decided. The barquo is, wo believe, owned by a mercantile firm in Sydney. South Caledonian Company, Gym me . — This company which, upon an amended pros pectus, was placed before the public on the 15th instant, lias, wo are given to understand, been filled, all the Bharcs being taken up, aud work immediately commenced. All precautions as to tho registration of the company havo been taken, and the articles of association aro prepared. Some good results are reported from ground in the immediate vicinity of the company's selec tion, and so far as at present we aro advised the prospects of success aro generally encouraging. Cheap Meat.—1 The placards so numerously posted and paraded about the streets with the above heading seems to have been attended wilh something, at present at least, very like succes8. At ono time, on Saturday evening last, upwards of eighty persons, mostly intending purchasers, wore congregated round tho door of the small shop in Ann-street, in tlio Valley ; and the sale- that evening alone, of fourteen Bheep, five beasts' and upwards of -4 cwt. of salted meat, may bo considered as a very fair start in business; though, from the great reduction in prices, lid. to 2id. as against 3d. to 5d., it seems doubtful if the establishment will be able to hold its own. . . ' Alleged Relic of Leioiihardt.— Some prospectors have discovered a pistol in tlio neighborhood of Charters Towers with Lcich hardt's brand on it. This is not improbable, as Lcichhardt must have passed very near Charters Towers on his journey to Port Essington, and expressly alludes ' in his journal to the quartz reefs about the Upper Burdokin. Good Templars.— The Star of Peace Lodge No. 3, celebrated their anniversary by a tea meeting and musical entertainment, on Monday last, in the new hall recently taken by the Lodge, in Russell-street, South Brisbano. The building, although of a very crude description, was, with the aid of the members of tho association, made very comfortable, and presented a very pleasing and lively appearance, and notwith standing tlio inclemency of the weather there was a goodly number ready and willing to par take of the good things that were prepared for tho refection of all comers, belonging to the : order or not. Although the great prinoiplo of tho society is to put down as fur as possible the consumption of alcoholic drinks, there was evidenced in tho sproad on Monday r.ight that , no restrictions wero placed eithor upon the quality or quantity of the edibleB. Happy the youngster who, under tho fostering caro of .his'; or her parents, attended on that occasion, for ; there was not only an opportunity of repletion ; by buns, cake, sandwiches, &c.;, but the chance ; of a regular bath in tea. Norwithstandiug tho natural onslaught on such a display of plenty, thero was enough and to spare, so that tho com- . mitteo wisely determined, to give tho youngsters a chance; and instituted another entertainment for the the next (last evening), when, in addi- .: tion to the usual attractions of lots of cako and oceans of tea, through the kindness of Mr. Carey, the magic .lantern was exhibited, and gave great satisfaction, epeoially to the juvonile ; audience. The room was well filled, and upon ' announcement of the chairman, Mr. R. Love, j that a lodge of juvenile Good Templars would '? be formed, about, fifty youngsters presented ; themselves, offering to join the ranks. After this several songs and recitations were delivered , with good effect, and the party separated . shortly beforo 10 o'clock, evidently well pleased ; with tho proceedings throughout.; Sir Charles Cowper, Agont-General for : New South Wales, has returned to London, , considerably strengthened by 'his visit, to the ; seaside. The people of tho mother colony will ? be pleased to hear that their representative is once more fully equal to tho discharge of the important dutieB that devolve upon him. — Some . N*ws. ; Usei'dl ron Tin Companiks. — A correspon dent writing from Middlo Bank, Inveroll, in forms us that a new sluicing, puddling,, and tin-saving' machino has been invented by Mr*' R, U; Thomas, manager of tho Sydney lin Mining Company, which is calculated will turn tho poorest of the tiu-flelds now open to a source of considerable profit. Tho machines may bo specially made suitable for either larger or smaller companies, but one of two-horse power is calculated to thoroughly extract the tin from '300 - tons of wash dirt daily; whether ? tho 'dirt be of tho stiffest olay or concrete coment, large beds of which aro found in tho distriot, but under any present mode of extract ing, tin cannot bo mudo to pay. By use of . this machine,- the operation of washing is , rendered so inexpensive that stripping as woll as wash dirt from 'bottoms may be all passed through ; and it iB calculated that 3 lbs. of tin oro to the ton of washdirt will pay all expenses, and that all over that amount will be profit. Tlio machino differs from the majority of new machines lately invented, by effecting improve ments in the forking system, instead of, as in tho majority of those now befora the publio, dispensing with forking entirely. As tlio machine is being patented, a full description of * it and its working is withheld from publication. — Sydney Town and Country Journal. Timber Cutters and Dealers. — A corres pondont writes as follows, to tho Richmond River Express: — 'The timber-getters of the Richmond River must bear in mind that tlioy command the Sydney, Melbourne, and Adoloido markets, and in Melbourne a much higher figure is almost always obtained, tlio only difficulty is, , (and this can bo remedied) in getting vessels. If energy or good agents aro employed, thero are plenty of vessels to be had even at lower freights than those now ruling. Let tho larger buyers and dealers charter their vessels in some other port than Sydnej', and act with energy and dispatch, and tlioy will soon discover that suitable vessels can be got at a less freight than now paid in proportion to tho distance. Let all pull together ; nor need they bo alarmed at the ' bubble' in Sydney. Tho Sydney buyers will soon discover who is to rule the measurement as well as the market.' The above observations are called forth it appears in consequence of an alteration insisted on by the Sydney dealers in the system of measurement. A Mining Conference. — ' II. B. W.' writes : — ' As conferences seems the order of the day, why not have a mining conference, to ho bold in Sydney at an early date ? I would propose that each proclaimed gold-field elect a a delegate' to confer with the Minister for Lands, and endeavor to frame regulations consistent with the Gold-fields Act, and which would pro tect the working miner. At present tho law on mining seoms framed for no other purpose than to throw fat foesjintothe hands of barristers and lawyers ; and as it seems no better regulations will be framed this session, surely with so many practical miners, many of whom are second to none in intelligence, verylitlledifllculty would bo experienced in framing a set of rules which would work satisfactorily, and do away with the present litigation, which , not only drains the miner of his hard earnings, hut is also a con tinual source of anxiety and uncertainty to all engaged in mining pursuits. As I have now set tlie ball rolling, I trust others will keep it going, and not bo apathetic in a matter that so vitally concerns their interest, and in whose hands the matter rests if they only ' amalgamato' and give a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull together.' — S. ilJT. Herald. Mount Perry Gossip.— Tho following letter written by some one on the Wolca Mine, appears in the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser of the 24th ult. : — ' Since I have been in this part ?but littlo lias transpired that would bo of hiterest to my Moonta friends. Christmas Day was held very sacred. The following day was the first day of the Mount Perry Races, wheu there were a few very fair races for a country place like this. The hurdle racing was on tlio following day. Two accidents happened on tho first day, when two men were thrown from their horses. One was Dr. Ward, at Mount Perry, who was intoxicated when thrown; and he is now in a crilical slato. The other, a young man, George Jenkins, . a son of the manager of tho Mount Perry Smelling Works, was cut very badly about tho head und fuco. He is recovering nicely. There wore thousands of people on tlio ground, and tho day was very fine. Tho ground was situated at the foot of the Mount — a fine place, and the weather wus: beautiful. — The Wolca people had their day on; New Year's Day, when wrestling and: athletic sports formed the etaplo amusements. The day passed off pleasantly. I may say generally that; we are not short of amusements. There has boen a cricket club formed. John Bennett, Captain Charles Worrow, Secretary, and Thos. Warn, Treasurer.— There has been a slight improvement in the mines. Mr. Samuel - Osborne left Mount Perry ?very early on the 30th of December for reasons whioii aro, not exactly known; Captain Bennett, manager of Wolca mine, is appointed superintendent of Mount Perry iu his place, and is now in charge of threo mines. The Wolca is improving. Surfaco operations have been greatly pushed: ahead. The first whim commenced lo work on the 3rd of January, 1873, and wis erectod by J. Warn and others. There has been a fino lode cut at Boolboonda mine. Captain Datson says it is 'worth £80 per fathom. 'Tho mines, without a doubt, will do well at good depth. Captain John Kowe, from Kapunda, has been, appointed manager at the Edina mine. There : is a lode of solid ore two feet wide now in sight. I The mine is a good one. — Thore has been found a small diggings about forty miles from Gayndiih, but the prospeot is not sufficient to induce muny . to goto it. — There are a great number' of men leaving, and labour is likely to become scarce in a short time. Tho Great Blaciall is almost' stopped. Most of tho men aro returning to South Australia.' . - Horrible Horse Accident. — A correspon dent BBnds to tho Ooens anil Murray Adoerliser the following particulars of a dreadful accidont which occurred at Myrtleford : — ' A fatal acci dent happened hero on Monday ovening, about 5 p.m., to a man named Joseph Martin, from Morse's Creek. It appears Martin was a young speculator, and left Bright early in tho morning : to go to Gurnio, New South Wales, where ho : had a share in Elizabath reef. He arrived at ? Myrtleford about 3 p.m., stopped and haddiuncr, and about half- past 5 p.m. got on his horse to proceed on his way. After he had mountod, and boforeho had got his foot ,? in the stirrup, the horso bolted and began to, buck, throwing its rider heavily On the ground. A number of persons who saw him fall ran to his.asBist- ; unco, when ho got up unhurt, and, after the horso had been .caught, again mounted, and, as before, tho horse bolted towards Niall's ; Hotol, and when coming opposite tho door, swerved towards it, when the unifortunate man's head, as lie was leaning over the horses's hoad striving to get his feet in the stirrups, came in contact with the lamppost in front of the door striking him over the left eye, and knocking him flat on his back ou tho ground. When tho spectators came to his assistance, a lioartrending sight met their gazo. The poor fellow'B head was' actually , severwd in two, with the brains 'scattered in every direction. Death was, of course, instantaneous. Constable Hogan, who came up at the time, examined tho head, and found that tho whole of the front and top of the Bkull were broken into fragments. It was an affair almost too torrible to be deBoribed. Unfortunately a wife and large family remain to mourn their untimely logs.' Failure of the Brussels Union Bank. — ? Some anxiety-lias been expressed by members of the Roman Catholic persuasion in this city since our telegrams announced that, owing to the failure of tho aboTe-named bank, his Holiness the Pope had lost £40,000. Tho sub joined telegram, clipped from an Irish paperj allers the case considerably 'The Union Bank of Brussels, of which Jacob Brothers were controllers, has stopped, payment. Lia bilities amouut to nearly three millions. The assots : oro unknown. Two persons engaged in the management of the bank at Antwerp aro in custody. Four thousand pounds in Peter's ponco were deposited in the bank.'. . District Court at Gympie.— From the Qympie Times we learn that the criminal an d civil sittings of the District Court took plaoe oa Wednesday. , There boing no criminal business 'His Honor Judge Shepherd discharged. the jurors, remarking at the same time that he T; did not think it necessary, as thero was no oase, to impose a fino on those who had not attended. Tho Registrar announced that there was only ono civil caBe, arid that it had been withdrawn. There wob an appeal — Price, appellant, v. Branch, respondent.1 : Documents were pro duced by the appellant to show that tlio appeal had been settled. Mr.' R. Lyons, who appeared for respondent, said he was not aware of any settlement. ? As Branch was leaving the district, he had seen him in Maryborough, and had then requested him to appear and answer the appeal. Branch's agent had also seen him on the pre vious day, and asked him to appear. Sonie dis cussion took placo between Mr. Lyons and His Honor as to tho position he (Mr. Lyons) would be placed in. Ultimately His Honor called the appellant, who, in reply to a question, stated that he would withdraw the appeal as there had been a full settlement. The appeal . was conse quently entered as having been withdrawn, and the sitting wns adjourned sine die. 