WARDIIILI'S DIARIES AND DEFALCATIONS. The Melbourn, Daily Telegraph of Monday week has the following in relation to the diary of gambling transaltions kept. by the unfortunate Wardill: " W.rdill's diaries" formed the great topic of cenver, sation on Saturday, and a general hope was expressed that by some means the names of the people who had plucked the unfortunate man, and had profited by the results of his fall, would yet become public. The real culprits are, of course, pretty well known in city circlen, altbough some wrong conjectures have been hazarded. The name of one officer high in the police force has been mentioned as one of the set who lured on the dead man to his doom, but we are authorised to say that the assertions made to this officer's detri ment are totally without foundation. The gentleman in question gives his word on the subject, nor is there any allusion in tile diaries to give colour to the report. Two officers in tile public service are. however, as deeply implicated as any in the after midnight card playing, where the ruined man came to his bitter end, and it is whispered that one of these gentle. men has already been temp,,rarily suspended with a view to the thorough examination of his accounts. He receives large sums of money daily, and he his only himself to blame if suspicion has fallen on him unjustly. The other officer is not in a position of money trust, and his case we believe is under consider.tion. A well-known fashlonable bank clerk has also beon suspended by his employers. All that has been said about the minute character of the diaries is borne out we believe by the fact, so that it has been possible to make out a rough account of Wardill'e losses and gains, and to see how much his associates have profited individually by their connection. There are some ten names in all, and iin well-informed cireles it is known that fire or six of these richly merit the threatened exposure. They repre.ent men holding high sieial positions, and any one of whom is old enough to be the hapless tran-greasor'a father, and who might rather have been expected to warn him of his fate than to lead him into it. A grand hotel in Collin.-street was the scene of the operations, and there it appears the " loo" party would remain until 3. 4, and 5 o'clock in the morning. The very minute of breacine up is noted iu these terrible indixes of a human fall, where church-going and Iriendly visits to happy domestic hearths occur on the same day as the gambling records. The average amount of the evening's play, so far as Wardill was concerned, was £t80. He would be richer or poorer always by that sum. One evening he won £405, and one mo.th he lost £1100. It seems impossible to be liere that his more intimate associates in thesetraneae tions did no- know that ho was always standing on th verge of a crash. At the the same time it is only fair to add that the names of the members of the M.C C. with whom the deeca ed was so mixed up are wholly absent from the books, except in connection with harmnless social ffairs. Cricket had nothing directly to do with the crime and folly. but nearly all is to be ascrihed to " loo." Thei cricket field was where the deceased man led Ilis hormless and healthy life, and tie back perlourof the Colline-street hotel alter mid. night was the scene of the ruin. Strangely enough, at the time of his death, Wardill was on the eve of pulling some " long shots" on the turf. It seems that lie backed Benvolio and Horatio and Fitzvattendon at the present Sydney races, and his winnithgs, it is authoritativeiy stated, wouldi have gone far to redeem his losses. Such is the irony of fate! It will he curious to learn whether or not the money is paid over to the benefit of those who have aclaim upon the eetate. The Dalby Herald has been authorised by Mr. Bell to state tL it ist i his intention to stand as a candidate fur the repnresentation of Dalby. In the Wide B y Newo we find the following in reference to immigration matters:-We have been making careful inquiries among some of the more respeciable immigrants as to the manner in which the system is warked in Denmark, the coantry from which the hulk of the passengers by these [the German] ships have come, and we must say that some reform in it is urgently req.,ired. the arent in Hamhurg gets paid so much for each immigrant. he forwards, thirty shillmnge a head so our informant states. He again employs sub-agents, who get, of course, much less; these again farm out their business, till at last the lowest grade of touts work far as small a remunerati,on as three Danish marks (about is. 2d. English money), for each person they persuadle to emigrate. This con federation of agents and suh.sgents have, of course, only one object in view, viz., to get as much head. moner as possible; and esre very little what clase of emigrants they despatch. T e Act provides a safe guard for the character of the emigrants by requiring certificates of character signed by the parson of the perish they come from, and by other people of standing. This little difficulty is, however, easily overcome by the enterprising agents; and for the sum of £8 10s. in English money, the intending emigrant can get it " made all right" in Hambure- proper lotoking certifirates being prepared. Of course, as we before remarked, the agents only care for qulan tity, not quality, and are therefore, probably, not very strict. There i', besides, one source of supply for tilhe Qu enasland market, that Ironises to yield plentifully and continuously. By the Danish law all vagrants, idle loafers, " m'sterless men," are arrested, and if " with no visible means of sustenance," confined in institutions somnething like the English workhoaes, and there made to work. If any particular vaoabond proves insorrigable, he is despatched to Hoambure under charge of the police and made to emigrate. As our informant said "the potlicenan doesn't lose sight of hiti till he is on hoard the ship." These are wel comed by the agents, and are duly consigned to Queensland, any little difllrulty about certificates of c,,rao?aer being, we presume, arranged after the fashion before referred to. The Danish police were in the hahit of shipping their discharged criminals also as emigrants to America; but the Yankees began lately to complain of the nrao ice, and it io possible that even this .ourcc. of supply may in time he worked for the benefit of Queensland. Thewonderis,under the present system, nit that many black sheep are found among t.he Ihambur emigrants, but that the majority of them do really prove good and useful colonists. This can be arcounted for, in the case of the Dances, by the fact that so many of the Sloeevickers, young and old, driven out of their homes by the irritating tyranny of the Prussian conquerors, are only too glad to esnape from the country. Especially is this the ease with the young men, who would brave any peril to esrape the Prueasin conscription ; there is a natural dislike to the c.rmpulsory service, which is heightened by the fact that it would be under a flag that they loathe and detest. Hundreds of families are constantly selling out of their homes and leasing Sleosig rather than endure the Prussian rule. Underall these conditions it is evident that, by using due discrimination, a most vwluable class of immigrants might be obtained, and it is most respecially annoying to be deluged with a flood of rabble instead. In referpnce to the recent actions for libel brotlhtl against the two Brisbane dailies, the Queenslander has the following:--It has been said that there is nothing utterly contemptible in nature; and it is just possible. upon some sucb basis, that the prens of Queensland may profit by the late actions for libel, If the pr..s, as a body, come to look carefully at the number, power, and position of the legal element in this community, neither the time nor the money ex peanded in defending frivol,us actions has been lost. Should it become evident that the press itself is mainly guilty in bolstering up the hydrabheaded profession, by throwing a shade of popularity and respectabllity about its proceedings, and bringing viotims to the c .ursi, t here will be an absolute gain to the community. Tile prominence irven to law proceedings in this icountry is a noticeable feature an the newepapera. Stranger samtin when they see thelengthy reports, bristling with legal j rgon. and set down the presumed insterest of the community in all that relates to law and police affairs as evidence of the old convict feeling which, to them, seems still ptrevalent in the colonies. haot the custom of reporting all law cases to the fullest estent is traceable to the time when everybody took more or less interest in suuh matters, is likely enough. But that time is gone, and the Spress itself offers, in its system of law-reporting, the most striking examplethat itever existed. The custot is vicious in the extreme. It makes famous (which is eoerything to a large proportion of humanity) what in itself is, no the majority of eases, mean and despicable. What, for instance, can be worse titan reporting the speeches, the quotations, and the authorities cited by counsel, when we know that, were they on the other side, they would demolish the whole of their own argumenta and pleadinesP There is nothing in the systems of the most barbarous nations to equal the position of the colonial press in this respect. And see what they have for their labour : an overgrown legal faction, keen as leeches to seize upon any excuse to have actions laid upon the most frivolous pretexts. It is all grist to their mill. The clients in all eases suffer. As stated in our last, it is idle to say that the press is malicious. N, journal with such a reputation could live. TIhe instinct of the public enables the press to flourish by coming as near as possible to honest public opinion on all soujeets of interest; and the same in stinct is the best possible guarantee to anyone who imagines himself injured that the same feeling of fair play will see justice done to him. As we have stated, the press is greatly to blame for the aspersions lately castupon its fame: for it is the mouthpiece through which its revilers make themselves known, and it bas been the mirror in which their littleness has been magnifid and made attractive. BIrHOP PATTEBON'S MONUcSNT AT OHBIGT CHtBCH, SYDNAr.-On the north side of the chancel at Christ Church, underneath the memorial window erected by his Honor Sir Alfred Stephen, stands (facing east) a fine recumbent figure of the martyred bishop, John Coleridge Patteson, forming a very strikino cnd inteaesting object in the eastern end of that edifice. This cenotaph is of that kind usually known as an " Altar Tomb," the table, or lower por tion, being of elaborately carved Pyrmont stone, of a comparatively dark tint as compared with the faultless Tasmanian freestone above, out of a single block of which the fiGure(life size) has been cut. The whole of the work is from the chisel of Mr. Henry Apperly, of this city. The pose of the recumbent figure and the general effect of the " Tomb," remind the specta tor of the cenotaph, or altar-tomb, of Bishop Brough ton in St. Andrew's Cathedral; but it is in the opinion of many persons, of far better proportions, and de cidedly superior as a work of art. The base mould ings of the altar project boldly, and give an air of strength and solidity to the mass, in the upper portion of which, centre-wise, are numerous deeply-reessed square panels, with quatrefoil and Tudor rose orna ments, having, in the middle, a shield of the arms of the Bishop, with its affectingly significant and appro priate crest. On the edge of the projecting plinth, in Old English letters, are these words : " John Coleridge Patteson, D.D., first Bishop of Melanesia. Killed at Nukspu, Santa Cruz Islands, 20th September, 1871." At the head of the tomb are the words: "The good shepherd giveth his life far the sheep;" and at the base are the memorable words: " Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." The B shop (whose dying thoughts have thus been comw. memorsted in stone) is represented as lying upon a mattress, his head reposing on a onshioa, and his uplifted hands folded as in prayer. The beauty of this admirable monument-most carefully designed and nished in every part- consists chiefly, and above all, fu the absolute deathlike repose of the fiure, which is so strikinge as very forcibly to appeal to the feelings of the spectator. It conveys an impression of the body having been laid out after the death with reverent and loving bands. The episcopal habit, as retained by the Anglican Church, has been very skit fully treated, the folds of the full rohette sleeves fsll ing gracefully beside the upper portion of the figure whilst towards the lower extremities there is a digni fied sweep in the chymore and rochette, and yet a statuesque rigidity, reflecting the greatest possible credit on the artist. The sculptor has also been emi nently auocessful in reproducing the face of the Bishop, having secured a strong likeness, and at the same time preserved the characteristic gentleness, earnestness, and indomitable resolution blended together in his features. The monument has been erected by sub. scription, the figure itself being the exclusive gift of the Rev. P. S. Bailey,of Jamberoo -S. f. HEnerld. FULP'T Dca Nces.-Why are we nature} everywhere but in the pulpit ? Nomasn expresses warm and ani mated feelings anywhere else with his mouth alone; but with his whole body; hbe artionulates wibh every limb, and talks from head to foot with a thousand voices. Wny this holoplezis on sacred oooasions alone? Why ,all m the aid of paralysis to pietyP Is it a role of oratory to balance the style against the subject, and to handle the most sublime truths in the dullest language and the dullest manner P'is sin to be taken from men, as Ere was from Adam, by casting them into a deep slumberP-Sydney Snith. Two gentlemen connected with the British army lr. George Fleming, veterinary surgeon, and Oolonel Fitezygram-have recently published wbrks on the treatment of the horse, and both energetically protest against the paring and cutting away of the soleand frog which often accompanies the operations of shoeing a horse. Nothing can be more barbarous than the carving and cutting of a horse's font before shoeing, though on his skill in t ,is many a farrier prides himself. The idea that the frog must not be allowed to bear on the ground-that the sole must be thinned till it " springs on the thumb," is a most pernicious one. On this subject Mr. Firming's precept is: "The sole, frog, an I bars must on no account, or under any conditions, except those of a pathological nature, be interfered with in any way by knife or rasp." At each shoeing the hoof must be shortened to its natural proportions, beyond which it has grown the protecting shoe; it is this which forms the chief difficulty of the work, and is the criterion of the good workman. The way in which accuracy of draught is obtained at the plouehing matches of the Royal Agricultural Society of England is explained by the following, as laid down for the guidance of the judges of a plough ing match held at Hull, on July 14:-" The specified weights of the ploughs in each class are to be taken when fitted with two wheels, and with the breast, share, and coulter, as used at work, but are not to in elude the skim-couller, or any other occasional extra parts, such as drag-weight and chain, although em ployed during the trial. The standard of excellence of work will be the same as that laid down by the society for the Newcastle meeting, viz.:-' That the plough should cut the sole of the furrow perfectly fiat, leave the landeide clear and true, lay the furrow slices with uniformity, with perpendicular cut of the land. side, leaving a roomy horse walk. That it should have an efficient skim- coulter, be light in draught, simple, strong, and economical in construction.' Ploughs will be tested by a dynamometer, and drawn bhy steam-power during such test. Each plough must go at least one round drawn by steam, and with the dynamometer attached, but not registering, so that it may open its own work prior to having its draught tested The draught will be registered on not less than four different furrows, and averaged to insure accuracy. Each competitor may use a new or slharp sh lre and coulter during the aynamometer trials, but these must be of the same shape and make as those which he has used during the rest of the trial. When tested on the dynamometer, each plough shall have a share cutting the same width of ground, namely : For a Sin. furrow, not less than 7tin. wide, and for a 12ia. furrow not less than 10in. measuring across the wing. Too length from the point of the share to the end of the breast will be measured along the centre of the breast." ORIGIN O? ??TrHO FO8OBGo~ ENOT.o"-Tht popular traditions which tells how the name came to be op pled to the plant which now bears it throughout Europe is not generally known. It is said that a knight and a lady were walking by the aide of the Danube, Interchanging vows of devotion and affection, when the latter saw on the other side of the stream the bright blue flowers of the myosotis, and expressed a desire for them. The knight, eager to gratify her, plunged into the river, and, reaching the opposite bank, gathered a bunch of flowers. On his return, however, the current proved too strong for him, and, alter many efforts to reach the land, hle was borne away. With a nlt effset he Sune the blossoms upon the bank, exelaiming as he did so " Forget me not!" "And the lady fair of the knight so true Still remembered his hapless lot; And she cherished the flower of brilliant hue, And she braided her hair with the blossoms blue, And she called it ' Forget-me-not.' " "Berkeley, Sept., 1869. Gentlemen,-- feel it a duty I owe to you to exprees my gratitude for the great benefit I hare derived by taking 'Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above-named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length o, time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without d. rising any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable Pill, I was quite restored to my unual state ..f health. Ple.as e ve this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus he alicered. I am, sir, yours truly, IIuNar Actruaa -To the Pmr pristors of Zhossex' OCAowas raziY." 82 