TELEGRAPHIC. REUTER'S TELEGRAM TO AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS. [BY SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.] LONDON. Saturday afternoon. NONE of the European Powers have recog- nised the Spanish Republic. Much bitterness has occurred in France between the Legitimists and Orleanists. Duc Breglie read a report in the Assembly, advocating a joint Ministerial and Presidential responsibility. He eulogised President Thiers for having advocated the establishment of a Second Chamber, and urges conciliation. The release of the steamer Murilla which ran down the emigrant vessel Northfleet has been contradicted. The statement that a complete understand- ing has been arrived at between President Thiers and the Committee of Thirty has been contra- dicted. The American Senate has refused to grant a subsidy to Webb's Californian Mail Service. The Exhibition Commissioners propose an Australian annexe, at a cost of twenty-five thousand pounds; each colony to contribute their share of the cost according to the extent of their several revenues, The use of the Belgium annexe has been granted for the present year, for the deposit of copper. The Colonial-office has received a protest from Sydney against the decision arrived at by the late Intercolonial Conference relative to making Melbourne the terminus of the Suez mail route. In a startling article, having reference to the dearth of labor in the Australian colonies, the Times advises working men to go where pros- perity awaits them. Money is easier. Debentures : Queensland sixes, January and July, 111½ ; Victorion sixes, January and July, 117, April and October, 115½; New South Wales fives, 106¾ ; New Zealand consolidated fives, 103¾ ; South Australian short dated, 109 ; Bank of Australasia, 52. Monday afternoon. The formation of an homogeneous Repub- lican Ministry at Madrid is expeeted, and tran- quility prevails. Dupanloop has arrived, and has endeavored to arrange a compromise between the Orleanists and the Duc de Chambord. This the latter, however, rejected, and a Ministerial crisis is considered imminent. Tuesday afternoon. The Army Estimates have been introduced by Mr. Cardwell, who has intimated that he will move that the fourteenth section of the Mutual Act (sic) be expunged. He also pro- poses that soldiers shall receive a shilling a day, clear of deductions, and likewise rations. Mr. Gladstone states that the Affghanistan boundary has been defined according to the best information obtainable. He further adds, that since it has been decided to constitute the River Oxus the boundary, the subject has been freed from all previous existing difficulties, as it would have been impracticable to obtain an accurate land survey. The strike of the coal miners in Wales still continues, all negotiations having failed. The American Congress have passed the Fisheries Bill in conformity with the treaty of Washington. There is considerable agitation in Madrid. Armed Federalists are in occupation of several important positions, and it is feared that vio- lence will be resorted to. The troops and militia have been called out for the support of the Government. A new Ministry has been elected, and a severe contest is anticipated in the Assembly. The Legitimists accuse Ducs Broglie and Paskiner of treachery. There are symptoms of insubordination in the Spanish army. The Carlists at Catolonia have destroyed the railway between Belbon and Meranda. An insurrection has broken out in Porto Rico. The Cortes of Portugal have passed a bill enabling army reserves to be called out. AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS. SYDNEY. Wednesday. The R.M.S.S, Moolton sailed at daylight this morning. Disastrous floods have occurred in the Hawkesbury and Goulburn districts. It is reported that the Menangle Viaduct has been damaged. No trains from the Southern districts have arrived since Monday night. Warren, the City Bank defaulter, has been remanded for a week. Mr. Parkes informed the Assembly to-night of the arrangements entered into for the carry- ing out of the Border Customs' Treaty. The Hunter River Steam Navigation Com- pony have declined a dividend of ten per cent. At the auction sales of sugar to-day, prices were firmer. The wool sales have been again postponed, until further news has been received regarding the course of the London sales. The City of Brisbane has sailed for Brisbane. A DEED of assignment by Messrs, Davis, Harris, and Co., of Warwick and Stanthorpe, of their estate to Mr. R. M. Stewart, of Brisbane, and Mr. Henry Prince, of Sydney, for the benefit of their creditors, was filed in the Supreme Court, yesterday. WE understand that Mr. Macalister forwarded to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly yesterday, his resignation as member for Ips- wich. The hon. gentlemen, after some years of anxiety and difficulty, has at length been afforded the opportunity of placing his private affairs on a more satisfactory footing, and this necessitated his resignation as a member of the Assembly ; but by the time new writs are issued he will be in a position to again appear as a candidate, and intends to do so. It is not anticipated that any opposition will be offered to his re-election. THE Lammershagen immigrants were brought up to town yesterday from the quarantine ground at Peel Island by the steamer Kate, which arrived at the Queen's wharf about half- past 1 p.m. There were admitted into the depot 102 single men, 49 single women, and about 50 married couples, with their families, making a total of 326 persons. It was deemed advisable to leave in quarantine for some days longer a few of the passengers who had been employed in attending to the fever-stricken immigrants. The immigrants generally look well, and we have no doubt when once settled down in their new homes will prove useful colo- nists. They comprise representatives of most of the races of Northern Europe, but the Danish and Swedish element largely out-num- bers all the others. A SPECIAL, concert and popular entertain- ment, to consist of a variety of musical per- formances and recitations, is announced to be given in the School of Arts, to-morrow (Friday) evening, the proceeds of which will be appro- priated in augmentation of the Wooloongabba Church Fund. THE Big Ruby Tin Mining Company (limited) was registered in the Supreme Court yesterday. The nominal capital is £10,000 in 1000 shares of £10 each, taken as fully paid up, free from all calls, and allotted to the shareholders. The objects of the company are to work 160 acres on Sugarloaf Creek, and such other land us may hereafter be acquired by the company. Regis- tered office, Queen-street, Brisbane. GEOEGE WATSON DREW, of Brisbane, was adjudicated insolvent yesterday, on his own petition. The first sitting in the estate was fixed for March 3 ; and the second for April 7. Mr. J. H. Whitley was appointed, official assignee. ROYAL INSURANCE COMPANY. - The follow- ing extract from a letter just received from the Head Office, upon the subject of the Fire at Boston, U.S., is inserted for general informa- tion :- "By a telegram received from our agents we shall lose about £230,000, from which will have to be deducted £30,000 to £40,000, reinsured. Against this misfortune we are happy to say that, leasing out this loss, the present year (1872) has been the most profitable one we have ever had, our fire profits alone amounting to £150,000, thus providing at once for three-fourth's of the Boston loss." - BRIGHT BROS. & Co, Agents, Brisbane, 26th February, 1873.-[ADVT.] SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the largest manu- facturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only, by storekeepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Ex- port Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. - [ADVT.] 