SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. During the past month there has been no news of s purely political character. The principal event has of course been the sittings and deliberations of the inter- colonial Conference, full particulars of which are given elsewhere. If the Legis- latures of the several colonies follow up the work commenced by their represen- tatives, affirm their decisions,and adopt their recommendations, then the Con- ference of 1873 will be productive of more advantageous results than any of its predecessors. Three postal services are recom- mended, one via Galle and Suez, the terminus of which is to be at Mel- bourne ; one via New Zealand and San Francisco, for which New South Wales and New Zealand were to arrange ; and one via Torros Straits, which was left to the care of New South Wales and Queens- land, the colonies more immediately in- terested in that routs'. Tho Imperial Government will be asked to contribute £20,000 towards the San Francisco route, and £5,000 towards that via Torres Straits, each colony contributing in ac- cordance with the number of letters sent by these routes. The Government of New South Wales has protested against Melbourne being made the terminus of the Galle route, and has practically deter- mined to have nothing to do with that line if the decision is affirmed by the Imperial Government, of which there can be but very little doubt. The other colonies have therefore devolved .ipon "Victoria tho duty of taking tho necessary stops for entering into a con- tract for the serA'ico between Australia and Gallo. The representatives of Noav South Wales and New Zealand have been unablo to agree upon a line via San Fran- cisco, and the delegates from tho Litter colony aro now on their way to Mel- bourne Avith the ArieAv of making ar- rangements Avith tho Government of this colony. Amongst other questions of interest considered by the Conference Avas that of intercolonial commercial reci- procity betAveen the several colonies, and a memorial to tlie Imperial Government was adopted, praying that measures might be taken for the removal of the re- strictions which preclude tAvo or more colonies of the Australasian group from entering into arrangements for tho ad- mission of articles the growth, produce, or manufacturo of any part of Australia or New Zealand, upon terms to Avhich they may mutually agree. After the termination of tho General Conference the representatives of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Aus- tralia, met together and carno to an arrangement with regard to tho Border duties question, and as tho delegates from the three colonies were unanimous upon the subject, there is little doubt that the settlement arrived at Avili bo con- firmed by their respective Parliaments. The agreement is to last for a period of three years from the date upon which it is signed. Under it there is to bo free trado across the border, in consideration of which Vic- toria undertakes to pay to Noav South Wales £54,500 per annum, and South Australia pays to the same colony £13,500 por annum. Whilst the agree- ment remains in force, neither Victoria nor Ncav South Wales may reduce her customs or excise duties without tho consent of the other colony, and it is proArided that if such a coursa is talton, then tho agreement shall ceaso and determine, unless the amount payable by Victoria to Now South Wales has been preAÍously mutually adjusted. It is also provided that this agreement shall not necessarily apply to tobacco, the produce or manufacture of New South Wales. Provision is like irivi made that goods imported into Vic- toria from South Australia-Did the River Murray shall be liable to duty under the Victorian tariff. The understanding arrived at appears to bo an equitable one. And it is to be hoped that the last has been heard of this vexed question for three years at least. . During the month the Treasurer called for tenders for £500,000 of the neAV Vic- toria permanent loan. This stock avos created by an act of last Bession, autho- rising the issuing of a loan of £1,500,000, as inscribed stock, bearing interest at 4 per cent. It Avas intended to substitute somo £400,000 of this amount for 6 per cent, debentures hold by tho Treasurer, which havo boon purchased from time to time Avith trust funds, of Avhioh ho is the custodian. A further £200,000 of tho new stock Avas to bo taken up for the samo funds, so that tho amount to be offered to the public was about £900,000. On the SthFebruary tondors Avere oponed, when it was found that of tho half-mil- lion only £118,000 Avas applied for, and of that sum only £13,100 was at par the minimum ﬁxed by the Government. The loan was at once in some quarters declared to bo a complete failuro, and no little abuse was heaped upon tlie Trea- surer and his colleagues for" theil' Avant of financial knoAvledgo and skill. It is not the first timo, hoAvevor, in our history that tho speculative portion of tho public has differed with tlio Government as to tho valuo of Victorian securities. In 1809, when tho last railway loan of £2,107,000 avos put on tho London market, asimilar state of things occurred. Tlio 1869 loan Avas at 5 per cent., and the minimum was 98. Yet of tho íaa-o millions only £332,200 wero taken up when tho tenders Avere opened. As, Iioav cver, tho yvholo of tho money Avas not rcqmrcd at tho timo, no inconvenionco was experienced. On tho contrary, tho subsequent applications Avere all too soon, for more than a million of this loan re- mained for tAvo years in tho public account, and somo £700,000 of it is uuoxncndcd at tho prosont time. No one has over protended, that tho public credit lias suffered in tho smallost degreo through that loan of 18G0not boing taken «P all at once. Tho circumstances at pteiuhngtho present loan aro vory much tho t^mo as thoso of 1809. Probably not moro «¡an£300,000willboreqiiiredduringl873. lae Government, thereforo, considered wat thoro Aias no reason for offor ^g tho ban at less than par, and the Haily applications Avhich havo como in »mee tho tenders avoi-o oponed, show wat moro will bo obtained than can Doused. Up to tho prosont timo, wo roiuorstnnd that £85,000 havo boon tulum J'P by tho public, and £103,000 of tho +i ' m lnds llnvü becn invested, so that ío_QníSvlsm,or hM in fact now S"t .î~4o,(J00, or nearly as much as.ho osti matos to require during tho current year. , It Avili doubtless take Borne timo for tho public to get used to the ohango ' from debentures to inscribed stock, and perhaps more for them to be satisfied Avith a return of only 4 per cent, for then' monoy. The Hon. A. Michie, Q.O., has beon appointed agent-general for the colony. Tho appointment lias given very general satisfaction. Mr. Michie leaves for Eng- land by the outgoing mail steamer. SOCIAL. IlisExccllency the Governor, Viscount Can- terbury, leaves Victoria by the present mail. Lord Canterbury, then Sir John Henry Tliomas Manners-Sutton, K.C.B., arrived in the colony as the successor of Sir Charles Darling, on the 13th August, 18G6, and so has been governor for about six years and a half. He appeared amongst us at a time when the colonists were much excited by the acts which had been done during Sir Charles Darling's administration ot the govern- ment, and Avhen one party in the state felt annoyed at tlie recall of a representative of the Queen, Avhom the other party regarded as a partisan. The period Avas a troublous one : but all excitement died away in the course of the second year, when the difficulties created by the Darling grant question Avere removed. Since then the colony has been steady-going and prosperous ; the people as a Avhole have shown high respect for the Governor. Lord Canterbury, early in his colonial career, con- ciliated and retained the confidence and esteem of all classes. In December, 1869, he acquired the title of Viscount Can- terbury, through the death of his brother. A few months ago the news came to Victoria that the Imperial Government intended to create him an earl. The fare- well dinner to nis Excellency Avas given at the Town-hall, Melbourne, on Thursday, the 20th inst., when the President of the Legislative Council avos in tlie chair. The dinner was a great success. Some paiticulars of the festivities Avili be found in another column. Viscount and Vis- countess Canterbury will be accompanied by the lion. Mrs. C. E. Bright (who goes home with her husband on a visit to England), the Hon. Miss Manners Sutton, and the Hon. Robert Manners Sutton. These are the only members of Loid Canterbury's family ivho at this date are in Victoria. The government will be administered in the interval between the departure of Vis- count Canterbuiy and the arrival of Sir George Roavcii, who is to leave New Zealand for Sydney, en route for Melbourne, about the middle of March, by Sir William Stawell, the Chief Justice. The despatch re- ceived by Sir George Bowen, informing lum of his appointment to the government of Victoria, was of a veiy complimen- tary character. It ran as follows : " Downing-street, Nov. 21, 1872. Sir,-I have the satisfaction of informing you that the Queen bos been pleased to mark her sense of the success and ability with which you have administered the government of New Zealand by appointing you, upon my recommendation, to the government of Vic- toria, which is about to become vacant by the retirement of Viscount Canterbury, on the expiration of his term of office, Her Majesty has been pleased to approve o£ the appointment of the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson, the Governor of South Australia, to be your successor in the govern- ment of New Zealand. Lord Canterbury has expressed a Avish to leave Melbourne on the, 28th February, and I rocmest you to make such arrangements os Avili enable you to enter upon the government of Victoria as soon after that date as possible. I have the honour to be, &c.; (Signed) Kimberley. Governor Sir G. F. BoAven, G.C.M.G., &c;, &c.;" Sir William Stawell will leaA'e for England on the arrival of Sir George Bowen. The trip is for the benefit of his health. The Executive have allowed his Honour two years' leave of absence, because entire cessa- tion from labour for an extended period is found to be absolutely necessary for the com- plete restoration of vigour to a constitution Avhich has been considerably Aveakened by many years of close application to hard Avork. Tlie members of the Victorian bar Avili enter- tain his Honour at a dinner on the 14th proximo. Tho preliminary arrangements Aveie made at a meeting held on tlie 10th instant, Judge Cope being in the chair. i Tho office of agent-general of Victoria has been conferred on Mr. Archibald Michie, Q.C., a prominent member of the Victorian bar, and a politician of many years' standing. Mr. Michie has been so long identified Avith this co- lony-has shown himself on many occa- sions such a close observer of the manners and customs, the desires and inclinations, of its inhabitants, that he can hardly fail to be a faithful exponent of our wants and wishes AvheneA'er there is a necessity for pressing either the one or the other on the attention of the Imperial GoA-ernmcnt. The position he has acquired, both as a public and profes- sional man, Avili lend weight to his represen- tations, Avhile his social status Avili entitle liiin, on his own merits, to that consideration which it is desirable our repiesentative should receive. In the last session of P ar- ment the oifico was made tenable for a period not exceeding three years, and the salary was inci eased to £2,000 a year. 1 The publication of Mr. Anthony Trollope's book on Australia and New Zealand was commenced last Saturday in The Austral- asian, in accordance with arrangements made by the proprietors of that journal on the one hand and Mr. George Robertson, who bos Ïnuchased the right of re-printing Mr. Trol ope's book in Australia, on the other. Advance sheets of the work, as it is prepared for the press, aro forwarded by the London publishers to Melbourne. The annual, fete, to which the proprietors of The Argua and The Australasian invite " all who are employed in their establishment, together with parents, Avives, and children, took place on Saturday last. The Avet Weather rendered it necessary at the last moment to abandon the original pro- posal, Avhich Avas a pic-nic at the Wer- ribee, and to substitute an entertainment at the Town-hall, Melbourne, in the evening. The company numbered nearly 600. The moceedings began Avith danceB, Avhich Avere kept up for a short time, and the guests then Went to the supper-room. Mr. Hugh Goorgo, the general manager, presided. The only toast drunk was the health of the proprie- tors. Mr. Gowen Evans, Mr. J. S. Johnston, and ' Mr. Spowers responded for them. Rare entertainment was pro- vided during the evening by a number of dis- tinguished musical artists, ayIio very geneiously A-olunteered their services. There Avere Mis. Cutter, Signori Dondi, Susini, and Giorza, and Messrs. Guenett, Hill, David Lee, Schott, and Veincr. With this Avealth of talent there Avas a constant succession nf varied musical perfoi manees, each one a masterpiece in ita way. The Avhole of the exhibits for the London and Vienna exhibitions havo been shipped fiom Melbourne. Tho colony Avili bo repre- sented at these exhibitions by special com- missioners-Sir AViliiam Stawell, Mr. C. E. Bright, and Mr. nowaid Spensley. The secre- tary of the exhibition commissioners. Mr. George Collins Levey, will be despatched to England by the piesent mail steamer, in order that he may superintend the opening of the packages, and the arrangement of the exhibits, and watch over the interests of the colony at London and Vienna. The tender of Messis. Young and M'Gui gan lins boen accepted for the construc- tion of tho first section of tho railway line from Ballal at to Maryborough, viz., fiom Ballarat to Creswick (11 miles 51 chains). The amount is £37,481 1s. 2d., or at the rate of £3,222 13s. 4d. per mile. Messrs. Young and M'Guigan were contractors for portion of the wharves on the south bank of the Yarra. The boarding-out system which the Go- vernment intend to adopt for the rearing up of the Industrial School children has at tracted the attention of ladies in several centres of population. At Geelong, on the 3rd inst., a number of ladies met to consider what should be done. They recognised it as the duty of the female membors of the com- munity to take combined action, and pledged themselves to assist the Government by every menus in their power to cany the scheme out,, successfully. Four district committoea and one ccñtiiif committee'were appointed. At Ballaiat and Aioiat, committees havo been appointed, and pieliminary action has been taken at Inglewood, Camperdown, Bairns- dale, Kyneton, and other towns. Attention has often been drasvn to the indifferent mnnner in which the Melbourne market is supplied with fish, and to the high prices which in consequence rule, The fishermen confine themselves to the harbours -Port Phillip Harbour and Western Port Bay, for example. But an effort which pro- mises to be successful is now being made in Melbourne to form a Jeep-sea fishing com- pany. A provisional committee has been appointed, and a prospectus agreed upon. Tlie capital has been fixed at £12,500, svith ?which about half-a-dozen useful craft can be fitted out. Some time ago, the fishermen themselves proposed to establish a company, to break down a monopoly in the market, but they did not succeed. The present affair is in better hands, and the proposal promises to answer well. The cost of the proposed railway from Echuca to Deniliquin, to be carried out by a company of Riverine gentlemen, has been estimated by Mr. D. Climie at £101,233. Tlie distance is 44J miles. The country is per- fectly level, and the work of construction easy. .The coal seams in the neighbourhood of Skene's Creek, Otway Ranges, were to have been inspected by the Minister of Mines a few weeks ago, but rough weather pre- vented the party from getting beyond Apollo Bay. Traces of coal were seen there, but no definite seam could be found. The country was magnificently timbered, black- wood being especially plentiful. Mr. Brough Smyth, the secretary of mines, collected some fine specimens of fossils, superior to any previously found east of the Otway. The character of the country resembled that of the Kilcunda district, where coal mines have been opened un. Traces of coal have been found at Point Castrées, Cumberland's Creek, and other places in tlie locality, and in order to open up the country, instructions havo been given to form tracks to connect these different points. An unusually brilliant meteor was observed in Melbourne and other parts of Australia on the evening of the 3rd inst., at about a quarter to 10 o'clock. A resident of Heidelberg thus describes it :-''The nucleus was about the apparent size of Venus, or perhaps a little larger, and moved from about N.N.E. to S.S.W. Starting from about 5° N.E. of zenith, it passed between the Magellan clouds, a trifle nearer the southern one, and traversed about 50°. Its colour, at first a greenish yellow, changed to an orange scarlet ; the time of flight, about two seconds. After traversing about 15° a bright phosphorescent tail was left behind, at first, like the meteor, a greenish yellow, but changing to orange scarlet after the lapse of about a minute and a half. This tail was visible for at least five minutes, and the change of colour was remarkably beauti- ful. About 10° of tail between the Magellan clouds remained visible for quite five minutes, having a second time changed its colour to a very pale green. This remnant at first had the same direction as the meteor, but after waving about for some time like a man-of- war pennant in a gentle breeze, it gradually took a driection of about N. by W. and S. by E., and remained steady until it gradually died out." The meteor was seen from Mort- lake, Warrnambool in the west, Stawell in the north-west; at Ballarat, Smythesdale, Amherst,and at Beechworth in the north-east; also as far west as Mount Gambier, in South Australia. There is little doubt that the same meteor was seen at Launceston. At that place it appeared to fall into the Tamar, near the bar. Unfortunately, no very careful observations were made of the apparent position of the meteor except at Melbourne. At a dinner which the saloon passengers of the Lincolnshire, one of Money Wigram's line, gave to Captain Daves and the officers on Saturday, at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, the captain, officers, and passengers pre- sented a valuable telescope and a handsome ring to Mr. Charles Noke, the third officer, who rescued a third cabin passenger named Martin from drowning on the voyage out. Mr. Noke saw the passenger fall overboard, raised an alarm, and then jumped into the water with a life-bnoy, which supported the two in the water until a boat picked them up. The ship was going at the rate of eight knots at the time. Mr. Alfred Wyatt, barrister, not long ago appointed a police magistrate, and stationed at Wood's Point, has been temporarily pro- moted to the Bench of the District Court, Melbourne, during the absence on leave of Mr. Sturt, P.M., of tho City Court. Our columns have been made the vehicle during the month of a good deal of dis- cussion on spiritualism. Many persons seem to have a relish for controversy on the sub- ject, but the world still remains unen- lightened, and the mystery which enshrouds spiritualism has not been removed. The Rev. Robert Potter, an active minister of the Church of England, stationed at North Mel- bourne, has delivered special sermons upon the manifestations of so-called spirit in- fluence, and ascribed a great portion of thom to the diseased brains of the mediums. The same gentleman has been debating the ex- istence of God with a society which holds meetings every Sunday evening for ehe pur- pose of free discussion. Several reverend gentlemen were invited to appear before the members of the society, and reason svith them upon momentous subjects, but Mr. Potter was the only one who could spare time, or thought that a lecture would do good. I A special exhibit has been prepared in duplicate by the trustees of the Public Library for the Exhibitions at London and Vienna. It consists of biographical charts of the Italian painters, divided into the schools of Venice, the Venetian States, Genoa, Mantua, Ferrara, Modena, Parma, &c.; The trastees, several years ago, commenced the prepara- tion of this chart, which Bets forth the names of the 'painters in chronological order, the places of their birth, the places of study, and the character of the work which they did. Photographs have been executed svith great skill by Mr. Noon, of the Crown Lands de- partment, of the engravings of some of the paintings which the Italian school executed pfr. Noon copied the engravings which the trustees have in the library. For each exhi- bition two elegant folio volumes have been prepared. , The photographs aro not very numerous, but tiley have been beautifully done, and will give such of the visitors to the Great Exhibitions as may be interested in these matters, an excellent idea of the pro- gress which photography has made amongst us. The workmanship of the bookbinder shincB very conspicuously in the exhibit. The volumes are bound in crimson and purple morocco, and lined with watered silk. The printing and bookbinding were done by the Government printer. A sad accident occurred to Mr. Peter Labertouche, chief cleikof the Roads and Bridges department, on Saturday, the 1st February. He had been staying at Mr. Benn's station, near Schnapper Point, and went out in the morning on a shooting expedition. While firing at parrots the gun burst, and inflicted a severe lacerated wound on his left hand, all the hand except the forefinger and thumb being blown away. When Mr. Laber- touche was wounded he was alone, and had to run half a mile till he met a young gentle- man who bound up the arm. He was then conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. Mr. Gillbee, one of the honorary surgeons, found it necessary to amputate the hand at the wrist. Mr. Labertouche had just entered upon the enjoyment of 10 days' holidays, after a long period of hard work, when this unfortunate accident occurred. He is getting well again. A testimonial was presented on Thura to Dr. Tracy, of Melbourne, a svell knosvn and much respected member of the medical profession, who goes home to the mother country by tho present mail for the purpose) of obtaining a year's relaxation from the performance of arduous duties. A sum of money has been subscribed for the purchase in England of some perma- nent memorial of the regard which Dr. Tracy's many friends have for him. The Medical Society entertained Dr. Tracy at a dinner at the Criterion Hotel on Tuesday evening. Just as the South Melbourne Gas Company has laid its mains in Emerald-hill, and begun to prepare itself to supply gas, the Melbourne Gas Company has lowered the price of gas in the locality from 10s. to 5s. 10d. per 1,000ft. The object, of course, is to destroy the chances of the newly formed company and keep up the monopoly ; but the step has been taken too late to be successful. The South Melbourne Company undertook to furnish gas at 9s. per 1,000ft., which brought the other companies down to 10s. The share- holders threaten, if the Melbourne Company persists in unreasonable attempts to crush it to ask for power from Parliament to supply the city and the suburbs north of the river as well as the suburbs on the south, to which its operations are at present limited. In consequence of the late strike at the New- castle, mines, coal is high in price, and sudden reductions on the charges for gas can only be made at a great sacrifice. The will of the late Walter Montgomery, tragedian, was proved in the Supreme Court on the Gth inst. by Mr. Thomas Pavey, the Australian executor. The will was made in 1808 in Melbourne, and was executed in duplicate, one copy being left with Mr. Pavey, and the other Sent to the English executors-Mr. Forsyth, of Islington, and the Rev. W. Drake, of Grantham. There were a few curious paragraphs in the will. One was-" I give and bequeath to the Baid John Forsyth the sapphire ring, and ono ruby and one diamond ring, given to me on board the Galatea by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. "I give and bequeath to His Royal Highness the Duke of Edin- burgh the watch-chain manufactured for me by Mr. Crisp, jeweller, Melbourne, the same which I have already offered to His Royal Highness at Sydney, in the colony of New South Wales, but which he declared he would not deprive me of." " With respect to certain sums of money owing me by some of my friends whom I have at times obliged, I wish the said John Forsyth and William Drake to insert advertisements in The Times newspaper for about' a week re- minding them politely of my desire and re- quest for (if convenient) payment of the same. It may be that some tew friends of mine may desire some little memorial of me. If so, let them give the market price of the valuables, and the proceeds may be added to and form part of my personal estate." The annual meeting of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society was held on Monday. Dr. Thomas Black, the president, svas in the chair. The report described the past year as one of greatly increased prosperity to the society. The subscriptions had reached the sum of £459 2s. 3d., against only £99 10s. in the previous year. The Zoological Gardens had become very popular, and several notable additions had been made to the collection, amongst the number being a fine pair of African lions, a leopard, a black bear from California, and some Indian monkeys. Im- provements had also been effected in the grounds. During the past season more than 100 pheasants had been reared, and money had been sent to England for a shipment of i ed-legged partridge. Some Californian quail had been obtained from Nelson, New Zea- land, and other valuable birds had been re- ceived. The Angora goats and the Hock of ostriches, now numbering 20, had thriven re- markably well. The trout ova obtained from Tasmania last season had, unfor- tunately, not proved a success, the greater part of the ova having died after being placed m the hatching-boxes. The report was adopted. Some alterations si'ere made in tho rules, and the following gentlemen were elected officers for the ensuing year :-Presi- dent, Mr. Godfrey ; vice- presidents, Mr. S. Wilson and Mr. Purchas;' treasurer, Dr. J. Black. Mr. Godfrey declined to act. It was determined to confer the society's silver medal upon Dr. Thomas Black, the retiring president, in appreciation of his services to the society. Mr. W. S. F. Murray, of the svell-knosvn furn of Greig and Murray, auctioneers, died suddenly on the 31st January. Mr. Murray arrived in the colony in April or May, 1853, by tlw Earl of Charlemont, which was wrecked at Barwon HeadB. ' Shoitly after his an ¡val in Melbourne, he entered the employ- ment of Mr. Tennent, in svhich he continued with his subsequent partner as fellow-clerk until Mr. Tennent gave up business and left the colony. Mr. Murray in January, 1800, commenced business in the same premises in which he had been a clerk, with Mr. Greig as his partner, and the firm of Greig and Murray has continued to carry on business there ever since. The deceased gentleman was remarkably industrious, and in his busi- ness relations displayed a straightforward- ness and sense of honour which were re- warded by succcbs. Personally he was much liked, being of a kind-hearted genial disposi- tion, and a man of strong feeling. He lost his wife a year or two ago, and the bereave- ment caused him great suffering. At Coburg, where he lived, he was an old and respected resident, having done much for the good of the locality. Mr. J. A.B. Koch's plans and specifications for the new hay market, to be erected by tho Corporation of Melbourne at the junction of the Sydney and Flemington roads, have been accepted by the City Council. The total cost of the market will be between £11,000 and £12,000, and accommodation will be fur- nished for 10G carts and 26 waggons. A meeting of Freemasons was held at the Masonic-hall, Lonsdale-Btreet, on the 5th inst., Mr. A. K. Smith presiding, when a íesolution was carried unanimously that it was desirable to form a Grand Lodge of Vic- toria. It was also agreed that a memorial should be sent home to the three grand lodges of England, Ireland, and Scotland, pointing out the necessity of having a grand lodge here, and craving the homo grand lodges to recognise it. The annual meeting of the contributors to the Alfied Hospital was held on the 31sfc January; Mr. James Service, the chairman of the board of management, presiding. In submitting the report for the year 1872, the managers had great satisfaction in referring to the growing usefulness of the institution, as evidenced by the fact that during the eight months the hospital was open, in 1871 the total number of patients treated was 2,249, whereas for the year just ended there had been 4,618, composed as follosvs:-In patients, 710 ; out- patients, 1,679 ; casualties, 2,229. The institution was shosvn by the accounts to be well supported by the public. The annual meeting of the Melbourne Lying-in Hospital was held on the 31st Januaiy ; the lion. T. T. A'Beckett in the chair. The total number of admissions (in- cluding ie-adniissions) to midwifery wards, fiom 1st January to 31st December, 1872, was 560. Of these there had been accouched, 480 ; dcatliB in midwifery wards in 1872, 3 ; total number accouched since the foundation of the hospital, 5,113 ; total number of deaths since the foundation of the hospital, 57 ; admitted to infirmary wards in 1872, 106 ; deaths in infirmary wards, 12 ; total number of admissions to infirmary'wards since the foundation of the hospital, 1.4GG ; daily ave- rage of in-patients for the year 1872,41. Out- patients-Ncsv patients admitted in 1872, 890\. An address was presented to Dr. Tracy who had been connected with the institution for 10 years, but was obliged to svithdrasvfor a short time, in order that, as mentioned elsewhere, he might go to England for tho benefit of his health. The annual meeting of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society was held on the 31st January, tho Hon. George Harker piesiding. The number of families re- lieved during the year amounted to 1,484, numbering 4,788 individuals, classified as fol- lows :-Gio widows, 29G sick husbands and infirm persons, 137 deseited wives, 35 wives whose husbands were in prison, 128 wives whoso husbands wero absent, 153 wives whose husbands wero partially employed or unemployed, 35 aged couples, 76 singlo women, 9 net included under the abovo heads. The industrial home connected with the institution hod benefited many deserv- ing poor women, svhoao nidifièrent health pi even ted them from procuring a living for themselves and childi en outside the home. The institution had afforded protection and shelter to some unfortunate svives whoso husbands hail deserted them, and to others who, fiom vaiiouB causes, weio unable for a time to takelsituations. The annual meeting of the Immigrants' Aid Society's nomo for nouseless and Desti- tute Persons was held in tho Melbourne Athenaium on the 11th inst. During the past year the home had supplied food, shelter, and, in a majority of instances, hospital tieatment, to a large number of destitute and sick persons, amongst whom weio aged and inliim, the hopelessly sick, tho partially and wholly blind, the eleseited family, per- sons turned upon tho streets for non-pay- ment of rent, the Bemi-iinbecile, and tho stianger. The number of applications re coideel svas less than in the preceding year, a eilenmstance svhich doubtless aiose horn the fuct that woik for the able-bodied svas plentiful, but the daily average of residents considerably ina eased, thus incut ring so great an outlay. The number remaining in the home fiom the pievions year was 381 ; the number of admissions recoided during the year was 7,468 men, 1,537 women, 581 childi cn; total, 9,586. The daily average number in the home tliroughout the year was ,430. The annual meeting of the Melbourne Home for governesses, needlewomen, and female servants was held on Monday. An increase in the number of inmates avos re- ported, and regarded as a proof that the benefits of the institution as a home were more fully appreciated. From the 1st of January to the 31st of December, 1872, thero iwere registered 19 governesses. 461 servants, making a total of 480 registrations. Engaged, 16 governesses. 3GG servants : total, 382. During the same period, the books show that separate weekly payments for board have jbeen mado as follow ¡-Governesses, 191 ; needlewomen, 191 ; servants, 521 ; total, 903 ; being an increase of 91 on the total of last year. It is intended to establish a mission church in CollingAvood. Bishop Perry has very libe- rally provided a site for the building. All the seats -will be free, in order that there shall be no distinction of classes, but that all may feel themselves on a footing of equality. The movement has originated Avith the Church of England. This endeavour to do good is looked upon Avith great interest. Locusts and grasshoppers appeared in very large numbers about a fortnight ago in seA'cral paits of the colony Avhich are not very frequently visited by pests of the kind. The grasshoppers Avere in sAvarms at Ballarat and Smythesdale ; thoy were not less nu- merous at Rushworth, and some found their Avay up the valley of the Goulburn, and as far south as Kilmore. They Avere seen a week ago in the neighbourhood of Melbourne. Swarms Avent up the RiA'er Murray, as far as Albury. Sandhurst avos visited by locusts for the first time in the history of the colony on the 15th inst. They were so thick on the railway line one evening that the train could not proceed until the rails had been gravelled, bo slippery had the bodies of the insects rendered them. Grasshoppers did considerable mischief to the gardens in the Castlemaine district, but as a rule it was the grass which they cleared off. They seem to have come from South Australia. ' A remarkable case of poisoning occurred in January near Echuca, at Timmering, Cornelia Creek Station. Tlie victim was William Couper, the husband of a woman named Frances Couper, who avos shown to have been on intimate terms Avith a German named William Henry, but also known by the names of Prouse and Meus. About two years ago Mrs. Couper left her husband at Adelaide and Avent to Lake Cooper, Avhcro she passed as Mrs. Prouse. Then she returned to her husband, who came over to Victoria in March, 1872. Prouse le lieyved his acquaintance with Mrs. Couper, and was on friendly terms with the husband. Not long ago Couper Avas treated at the Sandhurst Hospital for a cut throat. When he Avent home again doses of strych- nine were, it is supposed, administered to bim, and one morning he was found dead. The supposition at first avos that he had died of natural causes, ,antl burial was about to take place as a matter of course, Avhen information leached the coroner which caused him to make in- quiry. The true state of affairs avus then discoveied. The coronet's jury found that the poison was administeied by Mrs. Couper, with the connivance of Henry: and both 'were committed for trial for minder. The Avife of Mr. James Arness, of Hotham, 'and the sister-in-law of Mr. Samuel Arness, a iccent mayor of Melbourne, was found drowned in the Yarra on the 5th inst., near Kew. Mrs. Arness visited her sister at Kow on the day befoie, and was never again seen alive. Her hat and shawl were discovered at the foot of a tree on the Yarra bank. She had shoAvn symptoms of a weak mind for four months past, and said she meant to strangle herself because she was tired of life, but no one considered that she required re stiaint. When she paid the visit to Kew her manner was strange and absent, and sho kissed her sister, ns she said, for the last time. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned without any marks of violence." The medical evidence showed that Mrs. Arness Avas unsound in mind. A case of suicide occurred, under strange circumstances, at Carlton, on the 15th inst. William Ashworth, a brioklayer, who reside* at 227 Lygon-street, came into some money left him by his aunt, about two years ago.. "He visited England for the purposo of receiving it. A change was noticed in his manner when ho returned six months after- . wards, and in April last be began to exhibit signs of insanity. Once he cut his throat, but the Avound Avas successfully treated. Ho twice underwent confinement in the Lunatic Asylum, but Avas thought Avell enough in November to be trusted with his liberty. A fortnight ago, when his Avife happened to be absent from the house for a few minutes, he hung himself by means of a silk .handker- chief fastened to the bedpost. The deceased was a man of temperate habits, but he never was right after the trip to England. A man named James Shield jumped off Prince's-bridge on the evening of Thursday, the 25th instant, and avos drowned in the Yarra. Ho seemed to havo been driven to suicide by inability to obtain employment. The deceased was a blacksmith, aged 58, unmarried. He arrived in the colony on the 21st December last in the Hampshire. Whenever he applied for Avork ho was told ho AA'as too old. Ile said several times that ho would be found dead. A number of assault cases wore hoard in the Sandridge Police Court on the 10th inst., which disclosed a very peculiar state of dis- cipline on board the British ship Laju, Avhich had arrived recently from Sourabaya, and avos then at the Sandridge town ptor. On the evening of the 4th inst. the chief officer, Avhile in Ins berth, avos disturbed by some stamping overhead, and went on deck to asceitain the cause. No sooner did ho nvi ive on deck than he was struck from bo hind and tlnown down, and before ho could get up he received a kick from a man>Avhom he afterwards identified as William Pollock, the ship's cook. The master of tho vessel found the chief officer bleeding and almost insensible from tho injuries he had received in the scuttle. The constable stated that the first officer was intoxicated. The second officer admitted that he was so diunk he could not recollect anything that happened, and the cook said that the sailmaker and himself came on board late that evening, also drunk. After the second officer was on the pier in charge of the constable, the master spoke to him, and for his pains was struck on the back of the head. He leturned the blow with a stick, or, as one witness Baid, with a sword drawn fiom the stick, and in- flicted such a severe cut on the man's head that ho Avas several days before he recovered. Tlie cook Avas sentenced to four Aveeks' im- prisonment. A charge of assault preferred ngainst the second officer was dismissed. A seaman named Thomas Clino was sentenced to four weeks' imprisonment for malingering, and another named John Cardine to 10 Aveeks' imprisonment, for assaulting the master and the chief officer on the voyage from Sourabaya. The namo of the master is Thomas D. Scott, and of tlie first mate Edward Proctor. THE INTERCOLONIAL CONFE- RENCE. At the departure of the last mail the Inter- colonial Conference Avas assembled in Syd- ney, and had commenced its labours, but no great progress had been made in the conduct of business. Since then, hoAvevor, it has been enabled to finish its Avork. The first sitting Avas held on Wednesday, tho 22nd of January, and the Conference met day after day for tho transaction of business until ita labours Avere concluded, the lastsitting being held on Friday, the 14th of February. Tho principal subjects Avhich ongaged the con- sideration of the Conference Avere tho postal services, the telegraphic sorvices, and inter colonial free trade. Thero Avere also a nura ber of other matters of less importance Avhich were taken into consideration. The follow ing is the official report of tho proceed- ings : This Conference was convened at the in- stance of the Hon. Henry Parkes, represent- ing the Government of New South Wales, for the consideration, primal ily, of the follow- ing subjects :-1. A scheme of ocean mail services which would meet the * demands of all the Australian colonies und Now Zealand. 2\. The policy of intercolonial free trade, and the objections thereto advanced by the Secre- tary of State, in despatches of 13th July, 1871, and 19th April, 1872. 3. Telegraphic com munication, more especially in relation to submarine cables. ' AU the colonies of Australasia, including Tasmania and Noav Zealand, responded to the invitation, and sent the undermentioned gentlemen as their representatives :-On be- half of NeAV South Wales-nenry Parkes, .Colonial Secretary; Saul Samuel, Vice-Pre sident of the Executive Council. On behalf of NeAV Zealand-Julius Vogel, C.M.G., Colo- nial Treasurer; W. U. Reynolds, Commis- sioner of Customs. On behalf of Queensland -A. II. Palmer, Colonial Secretary; J. M. Thompson, Secretary for Lands. On behalf of SouthAustraha-Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M.G., Chief Secretary ; J. II. Barrow, Treasurer. On behalf of Tasmania-F. M. Innes, Trea- surer ; J. M. Wilson, President of the Legis- lative Council. On behalf of Victoria-J. G. Francis, Chief Secretary ; lüdward Langton, Treasurer. On behalf of Western Australia F. P. Barlee, Colonial Secretary. Tlie Conference assembled at the Trcasurj', Sydney ; the first sitting being on Wednes- day, January 22, and tlie last on Friday, February 14. At the first meeting the Hon. Henry Parkes was unanimously elected chair- man, and Mr. A C. Budge, clerk of the Executive Council, Avas appointed secre- tary. The subjects discussed by the Conference were the folloAving : I.-THE GALLE POSTAL SERVICE. With reference to this question, it was de- cided, after soA-eral days deliberation, that the proposal of the Lords of the Treasury for the establishment and maintenance of a four-Aveekly sendee between Calle and Australasia bo accepted on the fol- lowing conditions :-(1.) That Melbourne bo the terminus of the service. (2.) That the cost of all the requisite branch ser- vices bo considered as part of the cost of the whole service. (3.) That the several Australasian Governments shall contribute to the cost of the Avhole sen-ice in proportion to the correspondence conveyed by such mail service from each colony. (4.) That tho Governments of the colonies requiring branch services make the necessary arrange- ments for their respective services with the Government or Goa'ernmeiits of the colony or colonies negotiating the contract for the mail service from Galle. (5.) That the Go vernment of Victoria make all payments for the main.and branch Galle services, render- ing quarterly estimates of the amounts to be contributed by the several colonies, Avith annual final adjustments of accounts. (0.) That Cockburn Sound, in Western Australia, be substituted for King George's Sound as a poi t of call for the ocean mail steamers, pro- vided anangements can bo made to obviate material deiay, or increase of cost of the service. (7.) That the ocean mail steamers call at Glenelg, South Australia, to receive and deliver mails. During the discussion a resolution Avas passed that if during the sittings of the Con- ference the representatives of New South Wales concurred in the action of the Conference Avith regard to the Galle service, the arrangements respecting it Bhould be left to the Governments of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. New South Wales, however, refusing to con- cur, and protesting against the terminus being at Melbourne, the arrangements for the negotiation of the service lemain with A'ictoria alono. The decision that the terminus bo at Mel- bourne Avas arrived at on the following division :-Ayes : Messrs. Francis, Langton, Vogel, Reynolds, Innes, Wilson, Barlee, BarroAv*, and Sir Hein y Ayers. Noes : Messrs. Palmer, Thompson, Samuel, and the chairman (Mr. Parkes.) The general resolution approA-ing of the Galle ser- vice avos then adopted by the votes of all the delegates, except those from New South Wales, Avho explained that their votes were given in opposition because it had been decided that the terminus Bhould be at Melbourne. At a sulisequcnt meeting of the Conference the question of the terminus being at Melbourne Avas re-discussed, on a motion by Mr. Innes to the effect that the arrangement for the transmission of the New South Wales and Queensland mails, as embodied in the motion of Mr. Langton, adopted 27th January, Avas "not satisfactory." A division was taken on Mr. Innes's motion, with the following result :-For the motion Messrs. Innes, Palmer, Thompson, Samuel, and the chairman (Mr. Parkes). . Against the motion-Messrs. Francis, Langton, Vogel, Reynolds, Barlee, Barrow, and Sir Henry Ayers, Mr. Wilson declining to A'oto. The result was, therefore, to affirm the former decision that the terminus be at Melbourne. Upon this Messrs. Parkes and Samuel, on behalf of Neiv South Wales, lodged a pro- test. II.- TUE TORIIES STRAITS SERVICE. A resolution was adopted in favour of the establishment of a mail service between Singapoie, Brisbane, and Sydney, provided the total cost should not exceed £25,000 per annum, the cost to bo divided between all the colonies in proportion to the number of letters they despatch by this route. Tho Imperial Government to bo asked to con- tribute £5,000 per annum towards the sub- sidy. It Avas further decided that the nego- tiations for the establishment of the service be left to the Government of Queensland, III.-THE SAN FRANCISCO SERVICE. The Conference agreed to move tho Impe- rial Government to pay all charges upon the tiansmission of mails to and from London and San Fiancisco (retaining all postages collected in the United Kingdom on account theieof). and to contribute £20,000 annually towards a San Francisco service, to be agreed upon between the Governments of New Zealand and New South Wales. , IV.-POSTAL RATES AND ARRANGEMENTS. i ,With referonco to postal charges and the further facilities icquired in this department of tho public service, the Conference adopted i esolutious to the following effect :-(1.) That the late of postage to the United Kingdom, by any of the services agreed to by tho colo- nies-aheady established or to be established -shall be tho samo as at present by the Southampton toute ; tho Biindisi charge also remaining as at pi osent. (2.) That there be, on and after 1st January, 1874, a uniform iu teicolonial letter rate of 2d. per half ounce, both overland and by sea, and that a uniform intercolonial parcel and book-packet rate bo also adopted according to a scale agreed upon. (3.) That after 31st Mai eli next captains of vessels bo peimitted to have a box or bog for the reception of letters up to the time or sailing, provided such letters are sufficiently -tamped, and also bear the late fee stamp ; Bitch letters to be delivcied without extra charge by tho postal authorities of the colo- nies to which they aro addressed. V.-THE TELEGRAPH BERVICE. , The Conference considered various ques- tions connected with tho telegraph sorvice, and caine to the following conclusions : (1.) That in view of the serious incon- venience that Avould rcBiilt from tho stop- page of telegraphic communication Avith Eurolie, it is desirable to construct a cabio between Singaporo and the terminus of tho Queensland lines at Norman Mouth, (2.) That a memorial bo transmitted to the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies, informing bim that tho several Australasian Governments aro very desirous of co-ope- rating with the Imperial Government in the acquisition or construction of through lines of telegraphic communication betiveon Great Britain, India, and Australasia. (3.) That on and afte: 1st November noxt, the charge for telegraphic messages within each of the Australasian colonies bo one shilling for 10 words (exclusive of address and signature), and one penny for every additional word, but that these charges are not to include mes- sages on the lines from Port Augusta to Port Darwin, from Bowen to Norman Mouth, nor the cable charge between Tasmania and Vic- toria. (4.) That messages for New Zealand and Western Australia bo received at all Australian stations, the proper charge being made for their transmission to the port or place from which they are to bo posted, and vice versa Avith regard to telegrams posted in Now Zealand and Western Australia to tho telcgiaph operator at any port in Australia ; and that anangements should bo mado for the collection of telegraph charges on all such I messages. It was proposed-"That in ordor to obtain i a reduction in the charge for telogfams bo tween Great Britain, India, and Australasia, ' the imperial Government bo requested to ' join Avitli the colonies in a temporary subsidy, I not exceeding £25,000 per annum, for tho purpose of securing that object, and that tho i Governments of South Australia and Vic j toria bo requested to tako the necessary stops , to give effect to the abovo recommendation ;" i on Avhich question tho numbers for and against Avere equal. A resolution Avas also proposed in roforenco to tho above motion.-"That in addition, a free press message of CO words per diem from Loiielon to Australia be furnished," which was negatived. VI.-INTERCOLONIAL COMMERCIAL RECH? HO CITY. The Conference, after duly considering* Lord Kimberley, despatch of 19th April, 1872, and the other correspondence on this subject, resolved ' to again urge upon the attention of his lordship tho claims of the Australasian colonies, and adopted a memorial in favour of the removal of the restrictions which prevent two or moro colonies entering into arrangements for the admission, within their respective territories, of articles, the growth, produce, or manufacture of any part of Australasia, upon terms of which they may mutually agiee. VII.-INTERCOLONIAL CUSTOMS UNION. The question of adopting a, uniform tariff throughout the Australasian colonies was dis- cussed by the Conference, and a resolution was passed affirming the desirableness of such a course, on the understanding that tho ".union" should bo established on the prin- ciple that customs duties ought to bo levied for purposes of revenue only, and not for the purposes of protection. On this question there was much diversity of opinion, and tho motion was carried by a majority of one. VIII.-THE MUItltAY UIVER DUTIES. The Conference passed a resolution affirm- ing the desirableness of abolishing the pre- sent system of collecting customs duties on the Murray, and substituting the payment of lump sums, to be arranged on an equitable basis by the colonies more immediately con- cerned. IX.-COAST LIGHTS. Tlie subject of coast lights having been brought under the attention of the Con- ference, a committee was appointed to con- sider whether it would be desirable to estab . lish a general board for the Australasian ' colonies, similar to the Trinity Board of London. The committee reported'that the time had not yet arrived when an indepen- dent board, possessing executive functions, could be advantageously appointed in these colonies ; but it was recommended that the principal marine officers of the several colo- nies should meet in confeience to considor the whole question of tho coast lights, and. to reportas to their efficiency and economical management ; also, whether nesv lights svero required, and in what proportion the Bevoral ' colonies should contribute to the general lighting-up of the coast. Thereportof the com- mittee was adopted by the Conference, and several independent motions on the subjectof light- houseB, and the liability of the different Governments for their payment, wero then withdrawn, in order that they might bo referred to the proposed nautical committee. The Conference further passed a resolution to the effect that the risk to life and pro- perty occasioned by the existonce of danger- ous groups of islands known as the Snares, and the Auckland Islands, southward of New Zealand, rendered the orection and maintenance of a lighthouse in that vicinity eminently desirable, and that it bo a recom- mendation to the Imperial Government, and to the several colonial Governments, to con- tribute to tho expense of such light in pro- portion to the tonnage of tho shipping, in- wards or outwards, in Great Britain, and in each colony deriving benefit from tho same. X.- AUSTRALIAN WINES. In consequence of the treaty svith France, svhich limits the alcoholic stiength of wines admitted into the United Kingdom at Is. per gallon duty to 26 degrees of proof Bpirit, virtually precluding the exportation of the most suitable class of Australian wines, tho Conference appointed a committee to pre- pare a memorial to the Homo Government on the subject. The committee brought up a report praying that tho strength of wines to be admitted at the shilling duty might bo ineieased to 35 degrees ; and the memorial having beon discussed and consideied, was adopted by the Conference. XL-ItEMEDIES AGAINST ABSCONDING DEBTORS AND CltlMINALS. These subjects having occupied the atten- tion of the Conference, it svas resolved that the Govci nment of South Australia be re- quested to undertake the preparation of a measure to remedy the defects in tho law regarding absconding debtors, and that tho Government of Queensland be requested to prepare a bill on tho subject of the extradi- tion of criminals. The Conference under- took to use their best endeavours to get such bills passed into law, subject to their being approved of by the law officers of the several colonies. X11.-TRUST FUNDS. The Conference adopted a memorial to the Secretar}' of State for the Colonies, praying that Her Majesty's Government would take the necessary steps to enable trustees in tlio United Kingdom to invest trust funds in colonial Government securities. X11.-REFUGE Toil DISTRESSED SEAMEN AT SOMERSET. It was decided by tho Conforonco that the various colonies should contributo to the maintenance of Somerset, in proportion to their tonnage passing through Torres Straits, and that an application bo made to the Im- perial Government to continuo their present subscription to the Baid settlement, Queens- land undertaking to defray one-third of the total cost. XIV.- DISEASES IN STOCK. The Conference having taken into consi dei ation the gi eat danger to which Australian live stock ure cxposod fiom the importation of animals from countries in which infectious diseases prevail, it was resolved that it is ex- pedient to prohibit for the period of two - years' the landing of cattlo, sheep, and pigs iiom tiny places beyond the limits of the Aus- tralasian colonies, and that such prohibition Bhould take effect from and after tho publi- cation of a notice in the London Times. XV,-THE FIJI ISLANDS. The question of Her Majesty's Govern- ment assuming the protectorate of the Fiji Islands was discussed, and it was resolved that the state of affairs in the Fijian Islands , urgently demanded, in the interest of the Australasian colonies, and in that of the British Empire generally, the immediate at- tention of the Imperial authorities. XVI.-COLONIAL BTATI8T1C3. > N With a view to facilitate comparison be- tween the official statistics of tho various Australasian colonies, it was resolved by tho Conference that it is expedient lo havo all such statistics framed, us far as possible, upon a uniform system, and that tho Governments of Victoria and Wow South Wales be requested to prepare a plan mid submit a diaft thereof to tho Bevoral Govern- ments for considei ation. Several other questions wero discussed by the Conforonco, on which no definite action was taken. THE TERMINUS QUESTION. \ PROTEST OU THE NEW SOUTH WALES DELE- GATES. The decision arrived at by the Conference that Molbourno should be the terminus of . the Gulle postal servico was not acquiesced in by tho Now South Wales delegates, who tabled the follosving protest : "We, tho undersigned representatives of the Government of Now South Wales, duly accredited to this conforonco, having in our places protested against the resolution adopted by a majority on the 27th January, now desiro to record our protest against the grounds on which the conference has decided that the terminus of tho mail servico via tho Red Sea and Point do Gallo shall bo at Mol- bourno. "1. Bocauso the Gallo service is tho pro mior AustralÄn servico, and tho only service supported byTno Imperial Government in tho intorost of all the colonies, and ought thero foro to bo arranged and contracted for in view of securing its postal advantages to all equally, incspectivo of othor considera- tions. "2. Because if tho geographical situation and commcicial advantages of any ono port point it out as tho natural or most conveni- ent terminus in the interest of tho majority of tho colonies, such an arrangement should not bo frustrated by any local jealousy of tho distinction, or other minor collateral bene- fits, which may bo supposed to be incidental to a terminal port. "3. Because tho torminus of this servico has hitherto boen al Sydney, and tho superi- ority of that port as the terminus, considered in viow of Australian as distinguished from local interests, lias not been attempted to be disproved, and cannot bo denied. " 4. Because tho period which must neces- sarily bo agreed upon for tho coniso of post uiidor any contract will allow ample timo for the mail ships to proceed to Sydnoy as hitherto, without a «¡shipping of mails, and without injury to tho intorests of any colony (in respect to the carriage of mails, pas- sengers, or cargo) which properly ought to be served by a postal service. " 5. Because an extensive passenger and goods traffic between New South Wales and Europe is carried on by the ships of the Galle service ; and it would be unjust to re- quire the passengers and goods for this colony to be unnecessarily reshipped at Mel- bourne. "6, Because no single ground of a federal character advanced in the inteiests of all the colonies has been stated in support of the mail ships stopping at Melbourne. "7. Because the support offered by the Imperial Government is manifestly not in- tended to give any pre-eminent advantages to the south-western apart from the other Australian colonies, and still less to subsi- dise the commercial ambition of any one of them apart from the propcr objects of a postal service. "8. Because the south-western colonies, in relation to the Galle service, possess im- portant incidental advantages, by being the first colonies which the steamers reach and the last from which they depart- thus enjoy- ing much longer time than New South Wales for the purposes of correspondence. "9. Because the geographical disadvan- tage to which New South Wales is exposed in this respect would be needlessly aggra- vated by the ocean steamers stopping short at Melbourne, whilst such a course would neither conduce to economy nor afford any additional postal advantage to the southern colonies. " 10. Because the making that port the ter- minus, without any necessity whatever, and not with the view of improving, but by directly impairing, the efficiency of the ser- vice, would be fostering the rivalry of Mel- bourne by Imperial expenditure, and em- bittering the relations between the two colo- nies and the mother country. "11. Because the ground assigned by a ma- jority of the Conference for a change of ter- minus- that the mails for New South Wales and Queensland should be carried overland between Melbourne and Sydney, 230 miles out of a total distance of 550 miles, by horse teams-is scarcely less preposterous, under existing circumstances, than if it were pro- posed that they should be carried by a service of balloons ; and it cannot be regarded by us as other than an evidence of indifference to the just claims of New South Wales. " For the foregoing reasons, the represen- tatives of New South Wales, while express- ing their anxiety for agreement and united action on other questions, cannot take part in any further consideration of the proposed mail service between Melbourne and Galle." " Henry Parkes. . Saul Samuel, "Sydney, Feb. 4, 1873." REPLY OF THE VICTORIAN DELEGATES. To this Messrs. Francis and Langton tabled the following reply : "Reasons submitted by the representatives of Victoria infavour of Melbourne being the terminus of the Suez mail servico : "1. Because for the Suez service it is the most central port of Australia, and from it the branch services to New Zealand and Tas- mania must diverge. " 2. Because the time occupied with the . mails from Europe will be shortened to all the colonies except Western Australia (which will not be affeoted by the change) by the saving of some hours in taking in coals at King Geoige's Sound for tho voyage from Melbourne to Sydney. "3. Because a further saving of (on the average) 12 hours will be effected by avoiding the delay now caused by the detention in Hobson. Bay for the discharge of cargo for Molbourno, and the transhipment of mails for other colonies. "4. Because after August next, svhen tho North-Eastern Railway of Victoria will bo completed to the boundary of New South Wales, on the journey from Melbourne to Sydney a further saving can be effected, if the mails are carried overland, of at least 10 hours. " 5. Because for every 10 miles of railway completed hy Now South Wales from Goul- burn I osv arils Albury, a further saving of one hour svill be effected. "6. Because, if the land service from Albury to Goulburn be objected to by New South Wales, and tho mails to that colony and Queensland are sent by a branch steamer, the saving of time at King Georgo's Sound and Uobson's Bay will still be effected, and those mails delivered fiom 15 to 24 hours earlier than under the piesent arrangement ; or the mail may be divided, on the same principle as is adopted via Brindisi and Southampton, the letters being sent over- land, while the heavy portion of the mail could be sent by sea. . "7. BecausoSydncyisthe natural terminus of the Pacific and TorreB Straits routes ; and, in the distribution of advantages incidental to mail services, Melbourne is entitled to the torminus of the service for which it is most conveniently situated, and tosvards which it contributes so large an amount Without this concession Victoria would con tribute hugely to all the services, and partici- pate in the incidental advantages of none. " 8. Because New South Wales will, in regal d to tho Torres Straits and Pacific sei vices, enjoy similar advantages to those which will bo conferred on South Australia and Victoria by the Galle service. "9. Because by the terminus being at Mel- bourne, the sei vice would cost less to all tho colonies than by requiring the Galle steamer lo go on to Sydney. "10. Because the voyage from Galle to Mel- bourne is 4.G35 miles, an extieme distanco for any vessel to be kept under steam, and to perfoim her voyage with regularity at tho speed required. To this long distanco the extension to Sydney involves an addition of C02 miles. "11. Becauso the finest dock in Australia lins been built at Melbourne, mainly with tho view of fitting the port to bo the torminus of this line. " 12. Because by tho steamer calling at Glenelg, at least 40 hours' notice will always he given to pieparo for despatch of tho branch steamers from Melbourne. " 13, Because stcamcis Bail almost daily from Molbourno to Sydney, thus insuring without delay or undue expense the imme- diate transmission of the mails. " 14. Because Victoria pays about one-half of the entire subsidy to the Suez line. " 15. Becauso the contemplated subsidy of the Imperial Government to tho second line is contingent on its being an alternating line, as shown in Treasury letter, 14th August, 1872 ; and by tho terminus of tho Suez line being al Melbourne, the time for deliver}' of European mails at Sydney would be Via San Francisco ... 47 days. Via Suez (by »ranch ser- vice) . 47 elavs. "16. Because any postal compact, suchas it íb desired to enter into at this Conference, must be based upon mutual concession ; but if this terminus be not conceded to Victoria, that colony would bo, while the largest con- tributor, the only colony to which no con- cession whatever was mode. "17. Becauso, on tho ground of popula- tion, commerco, and correspondence, Vic toria has the greatest interest in the service. " l8. Becauso Victoria is willing to con- tribute to other lines affording little or rio advantages to her. " 19. Becauso the Parliament of Victoria does not meet till May, and then will not confirm any agreement unless tim terminus of this line be at Melbourne. It will then be too late to enter into fiesh negotiations for any contract to commonco tho sorvico in Januaiy noxt. " J. G. Francis.' Edward Langton. "February 5,1873." " ' Engineer-in-Chiof's Office, Railway Department, Melbourne, January 8,1873. " 'Momo.-The distanco from Melbourne to Belvoir, which is the terminus of the North Kastern Railway, is 186J miles ; from Bel voir to Albury it is two milos and a half, and from Albury to Goulburn, which is tho piesent terminus of the Southern Railsvay of Ncsv South Wales, the distance is 217 miles. This railsvay is open from Goulburn to Syd- ney, a distance of 134 miles. >ufc " 'ThoNorth-Eustern RuilwayWill probably bo opened to Bolvoir not later than August next, and tho journey between Melbourno and Sydney will then bo made over 320J miles of railsvay and 217 milos of road. That part of the join ney which is by rail can be done easily in 10 bonis, and that by road in 31 houis, making tho svholo time between Melbouino and Sydney 41 bonis. The pro sent average passago of tho P. and O. Mail steameis is 50 houis. " ' Tho New South Wales Government has determined to extend its Southern Railway from Goulburn to Wagga Wagga, which is 310 miles from Sydney. This extension is to bo commenced at once, and completed in three yealB. Wagga Wagga is 79 miles from the tei minus of tho North-Kastern Railway nt Belvoir. At the end of three years, there- fore, the journey between Sydney and Mcl- boiinie will be made by rail for 490J miles, and by road for 79 miles. That part of tho journey which is by rail can be done easily in 15 hours, and that by load in 11 houis, making the whole time between Sydnoy and Melbourne 26 hours, as against 56 hours by the mail steamers. " 'To state the matter shortly ; IShoui-scan be saved in transmitting the mails between Sydney and Melbourne after next August, by adopting the North- Eastern Railway instead of the sea route ; and when the Southern Railway of New South Wales is completed to Wagga Wagga, 30 hours can bo saved. If express speed were used for the mail trains the saving of timo Avould be still greater. "'T. HiGiNBOTHAir, Engineer-in-Chief." REASONS OP THE NEAV ZEALAND DELEGATES. Mr. Vogel also handed in the following reasons of the New Zealand íepresentatives in favour of Melbourne being the terminus of the Suez mail service, which the Conference desired should be printed : '.From the outset Victoria has declared that, unless Melbourne were made tlie termi- nus, she Avould not have anything to do with the service ; Avhilst New South Wales, until quite recently, did not contend that Sydney avos the proper terminus, but seemed dis- posed rather to depend upon the decision of the othor colonies as to which terminus was most expedient. " The representatives of New Zealand consider that unless Victoria join in the proposed service it would be unsafe for New Zealand to consent to join upon any terms based on rateable contribution. " If Victoria take part in the service, South Australia, Western Australia, and Tasmania must also do so, and the same may probably be said of Queensland and New South Wales ; but Avithout Victoria, or Avith that colony starting a fast service by way of the Cape of Good Hope, the cost of the Galle service must fall very heavily upon the contributin ( colonies. This is not a new idea upon th . part of Noav Zealand. That colony was no nilluenced by South Australia or New South Wales' notice of withdrawal from the present Suez service ; but the New Zealand Govern- ment sent home, with their notice to with draAv, a request to the Secretary of State fo the Colonies that he would only hand it in to the contractors in case Victoria had given, or should give, notice of withdrawal Within a few days of the NeAV Zealand lette being -written, Her Majesty's Rostmaster Geneial in London Avrote to the Lords of th Tieasury in similar tone, evidently equall impressed with the importance of Victoria's adherence to the contract. He pointed out that, as Victoria had given notice, the Tieasui-y Avas bound to do so. It is true that passing íeference was made to the fact that 'South Australia had determined to retire from the contract, and it Avas also mentioned that NeAV South Wales had given notice several years before ; but it Avas clearly im- plied that, unless Victoria had giA-en notico, their lordships Avould not haA'e done so. In fact, as long as Victoria continued the ser- vice, the other colonies, whether they ap- proved of it or not, were bound to contribute to and use it. This was proved by the fact that, though NeAV South Wales had given notice of Avitlidrawal several years before, no one seemed to be affected by it, and she was glad to continue her connexion with the ser- vice. The argument is clear and conclu- sive. Now Zealand Avishes to have the use of the Galle service ; she cannot safely join as a rateable contributor unless Victoria also join ; Victoria Avili not join unless Mel- bourne be made the terminus ; therefore, unless Melbourne be made the terminus, New Zealand cannot have the use of a ser- vice she desires. "The reasons Avby it Avould be dangerous for NeAV Zealand to join in the Galle service without Victoria apply much more strongly to the cases of South Australia and Tas- mania. NeAV Zealand has an alternative service. South Australia and Tasmania are so dependent upon the Suez route that they might possibly find themselves bound to contribute a a-cry laige sum towards its cost .on account of other colonies having at their command other routes "It is to be recollected that NeAV South Willes' share of the correspondence by the Galle route is somewhat small, compared with her population-a circumstance to be accounted for by the fact that, being an old established colony, a considerable portion of her population is not in such active com- munication Avith the mother country as the' population of younger colonies. New South Wales' contribution to the Suez service has not solely depended on her proportion of letters ; she has had to shaie with New Zea- land and Queensland the cost of the service between Melbourne and Sydney. But, under the neAV arrangements proposed, all» the colonies Avould snare the cost of the service and blanches, in the proportion of the letters transmitted by them ; and New South Wales' contribution would tims depend upon her somewhat small correspondence in propor- tion to her population. " The aiguinents adduced Avould be equally forcible supposing it Avere admitted that Vic- toria's insistance upon Melbourne being made the terminus of the Galle route was tyrannical and arbitrary. But the represen- tatives of NeAV Zealand aie not altogether prepaied to make such an admission. They think that the claim to tlie terminus Avas somcAvhat arrogantly asserted, but they be- lieve that Victoria, paying as she would do the largest proportion of the cost of the ser A'ice, has a right to insist upon the service being such tis will be best suited to her Avants. There can be no doubt that it is a great disadvantage to Victoria that the Pen- insular and Oriental Company's boats should stay so short a time in Hobson's Bay. As soon as one of the boats is anchored, the passengers have to be hurried over her side ; and ii eight lo be sent on has to be doliA-ered to the agents two or three days before the sailing-date of the boat. " Another reason in favour of Melbourne being the terminus is that tlie longer the voyiige tho vessels make, the greater is the risk of a bieuk-doAvn, and the less the time that is aA-ailable for making repaire. "The present contractors do not keep a spare boat in Australia, and to require one Avould entail a largo extra cost. The length of the voyage performed is 'very trying, con- sidering that the boats are not auxiliary scioav steamers, but keep on their course regardless of the diroction of the Avind. The boats from Galle inreality come from Bombay. By proceeding on to Sydney, instead of stop- ping at Melbourne, 1,200 miles of steaming, there and back, are added to an already suffi- ciently arduous voyage. The distance from Bombay to Melbourne íb about 6,000 miles. Clearly it is desirable that the boats should have as long a rest as is practicable before making the return voyage. Even if they stop at Melbourne, they aviII only have 15 days to make any required repairs. To cause the boats to proceed to Sydney, Avould, in the opinion of the Ne\v Zealand representatives, be to gieatly increase the risk of occasional brcakdoAvns ; besides that, as their stay in Sydney Avould necessarily be shorter, there Avould be less time for repairs. "It has been alleged that, by the decision of the Conference, New South Wales is placed in an unfair and unfavourable position. The representatives of New Zealand not only deny that allegation, but they contend that New South Wales will be placed in much the better position of any of the colonies. It has been virtually decided that New South Woles shall haA-o the use of the Gallo ser Aice, on condition that she contributes to the cost ratcably in proportton to the corre- spondence carried for her ; the cost of the blanch service being added to that of the mainline. Hitherto Noav South Wales hashad to bear separately a considerable portion of tho cost of the service botween Melbourne and Sydney. It has also been A'irtually de- cided by the Conference that Sydney shall bo tho terminus of the Torros Straits service, and tho Australian terminus of the San Francisco service. "With respect lo the lattor, New Zealand has made to Now South Wales an offer to ex- tend the sorvico to Sydney, to fix the times so that the service shall alternate fortnightly Avith _,the .Galle service at Sydnoy, to give to Now South Wales a full share in the ma- nagement, and to co-operate in requiring that the servico shall be efficiently peiformed, asking from New South Wales no larger payment than the postages up to £5,000 a year on mail matter transmitted for the colony by tho line. "Where vessels run in opposito directions, the much-urged advantage of a fortnightly servico can only bo given to one port. A fortnightly service at each port would íequiro a duplication of a particular monthly servico. Sydney -will íeally be the only port at Avhich a fortnightly service can bo given. The Torres Straits service will be too lengthy to corres- pond with that to Gallo, or it might bo made a fortnightlynlteinative sorvico. But, under tho oller made respecting the San Francisco sei vice, New South WuIob Avould havo a genuino fortnightly alternative service, and it would bo tho only colony to which such an ndvantoge Avould be given. Yet the total cost to tho colony of the thieo services Avould piobably rtot amount to £20,000, and could not possibly exceed £25,000. It is bolioved the amount Avould not bo moro than £18,000. "The proposal to convey tho mails from Melboui no to Sydney, either by a branch steamer or by land, -will expedite rather than delay their delivery. Supposing a branch fcervice to bo adopted, the steamer could leave Hobson. Bay immediately after the arrival, of the mails ; and thus, delays in Hobson's Bay, which frequently occur to the mail steamer, would be avoided. Besides, the mail steamer will require to take in less coal upon the route. As to the outsvard ser- vice, New South Wales has nosv to close her mails at least tluee days before the departure of the boat from Melbourne ; but if a sepa- rate branch steamer were employed the closing of the mails 60 hours before the time of leaving Melbourne would suffice, and thus 12 hours for correspondence would be gained. It will also, before long, be in the power of New South Wales to have her mails conveyed by land to and from Melbourne much quicker than is possible by sea-carriage. Great ob- jections have been urged against land carriage of the mails ; but whatever may be the case with Sydney, unquestionably the residents in country districts bordering on the line of railway will be much benefited by having their letters sent by way of Mel- bourne instead of by way of Sydney. For instance, it will be a great hardship to settlers in the neighbourhood of Albury, and throughout ihe Riverina district, if it he made necessary that their mails should be brought to Sydney instead of being sent for- ward to Melbourne. "The New Zealand representatives cannot sympathise with the argument that the mails could not safely be carried overland on ac- count of bushrangers. Coming from a colony that has made vast sacrifices to main- tain law and order amongst the native popu- lation, the Nesv Zealand representatives can- not but regret that it should be thought hecessary to urge that a wealthy colony like New South Wales is unable to observe law and order amongst an exclusively European population. "To sum up : The Nesv Zealand represen- tatives feel sure that if the terminus of the Gallo service be not at Melbourne, Victoria will refuse to have anything to do with that service, and will establish a Cape route ser- vice ; hut, on the other hand, the New Zea- land representatives are not satisfied that, whatever may be the views of the New South Wales representatives, the Parliament of the colony would be unwilling to accept the pro- posals which have been made. They cer- tainly do not believe that the New South Wales Parliament will vote from £50,000 to £70,000 per annum for a Californian service when such a' service is offered to the colony without any payment being asked. They believe that Nesv South Wales will bo con- tent that the colony shall have, for a pay- ment of from £15,000 to £25,000, the use of the Galle service, and that Sydneyshall be the terminus of the Torres Straits sers'ice, and the Australian terminus of the San Francisco service-besides that New South Wales would be the only colony with a genuine alternative fortnightly service. The representatives of Nesv Zealand are convinced that no unprejudiced person can fail t8 re- cognise that New South Wales, by these proposals, will be put into a better position than any of the other colonies. " For the reasons stated, the Nesv Zealand representatives support Melbourne as the terminus of the Galle service, and Sydney as the terminus of the Torres Straits service ; and they offer to extend to Sydney the pre- sent Colifornian sers'ice, and to give to Nesv South Wales a share in the management of that service. " Julios Vogel. William H. Reynolds. " Sydney, February 5, 1873. When the above document was tabled, an angry altercation enBued betss-een Mr. ParkeB and the representatives of New Zea- land. Mr. Parkes protested against the clause relative to hushranging, and also to the insinuation contained in the one sum- ming up the whole argument, to the effect that the Parliament of New South Wales would not coincide in all the views taken by its representatives. Ultimately, the clause referring to bushranging was struck out, and the other clause amended so as to read as follows : " To sum- up : The Nesv Zealand repre- sentatives feel sure that if the terminus of the Galle sers'ice be not at Melbourne, Vic- toria will refuse to have anything to do with that sers'ice, and will establish a Cape route sers'ice; but on the other hand, the New Zealand representatives are not satisfied that tho Government of New South Wales will he unwilling to accept the proposals which have been made. They certainly do not believe that the Government will recom- mend to Parliament to vote from £50,000 to £70,000 per annum for a Californian service ss'hen such a service is offered to the colony without any payment being asked. They believe that New South Wales will be con- tent that the colony shall have, for a payment of from £15,000 to £25,000, the use of the Gulle service, and that Sydney shall be the terminus of the Torres Straits service, and the Australian terminus of the San Francisco service : besides that, New South Wales would be tho only colony with a genuine alternative fortnightly service. The repre- sentatives of Nesv Zealand are convinced that no unprejudiced ? person can.fail to re- cognise that New South Wales, by these proposals, will be put into a better position . than any of the other colonies." PROTEST OF THE NKW SOUTH-VALES ?. PARLIAMENT. " The New South Wales Parliament also was strongly opposed to the proposed altera- tion of the terminus, and agreed to send a protest to the Secretary or State for the colonies against- the decision of the Con- ' férence. On the 20th February, Mr. ' Samuel, in the Council, and Mr. Parkes, in the Assembly, moved the ' follosving protest:-"We, Her Majesty's ' loyal and dutiful subjects, members of Parliament . assembled, are desirous of conveying to your' lordship the sense of satisfaction with svhich ive received the proposals of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the conveyance of Her Majestys mails between the United Kingdom and the Australian colonies, vid Point de Galle, after expiration of existing mail contract. The offer of Her Majesty s Government to convey mails between Eng- land and Galle in both directions until December 31, 1880, free of all charge to the colonies, and contribute a sum not exceeding one-half of the expense of a four-weekly ser- vice between Point de Galle and Australia and New Zealand, leaving the contract for the latter service to be made by the colonies in combination, is regarded by us as a wise and liberal pros'ision for the postal necessities of this part of theempire, and thepeople whom we represent are generally anxious to partici- pate in its advantages. "The port of Sydney has, from the first establishment of the Suez mail service, been the terminus of the line, and no' injury is inflicted upon any other colony by the voyage terminating at this port. The mail ships can perform the voyage to Sydney with greater advantages to the mail service and at a lower expenditure than hy stopping at Melbourne, as their supplies of coal must be obtained from New South Wales, and the shipbuilding and engineering works of Sydney are the most extensive and complete in this part of the world. "We deeply regret to learn that, notsvith standing these circumstances, it has been decided by a majority of the delegates repre- senting the several colonies attheConfercnce, that the terminus of the nesv service shall be at Melbourne. We cannot view this decision as one arrived at on the merits of the question before the Conference. . It . has not been shown that the mails in the case of any other colony would be more speedily or safely deli- vered by the proposed change, while the in teiestsof New South Wales in the mail ser- vice would be seriously injnred. ' " We approach your lordship with the ex- pression of our entire confidence in the wis- dom and justice that guille the councils of Her Majesty's advisers, and the earnest hope that the decision which would practically exclude Nesv South Wales from participating in the advantages of the Suez mail service will not be affirmed by Her Majesty's Im- perial Government." During the debate Mr. Parkes made a long speech, in the courso of which ho stated , that the Victorian Government had arranged ' with the other delegates how to vote on the terminus question, svhich they ïoally liad decided before coming there. He referred bitterly to the conduct of the New Zealond delegates. An amendment was moved by Mr. Forster in the Assembly, to the follossing effect : "It is not desirable that the Government of this colony should enter into or become parties to any agreement relating to the granting of a subsidy for a steam postal communication, via Suez, between the Aus- tralian colonies and Great Britain, which shall contain a condition to the effect that Melbourne shall be the terminus of the line." "2. That the foregoing resolution be com- municated by an address to His Excellency the Governor, accompanied with the request that such be forss-arded to Her Majesty through the Secretary of State for the Colonies." The protest, as proposed by Mr. Parkes, was earned by an immense majority, Mr. Forster alone voting for the amendment. The Upper House held, a special sitting on Friday, the 21st Fcbiuary, for the purpose of discussing the postal question, but tho debate was adjourned until Monday. Mr. Samuel stated that the Government intended to withdraw from the Suez mail service if the player of the petition were not granted. Un Monday the Upper House met, and adopted the piotest. The Ncav South Wales Government intend lo send the Puiliamentary protest against Melbourne being made the terminus of the Suez mail service to the Earl of Kimberley by the outgoing mail. OTHER PROCEEDINGS AT THE CON- FERENCE. A mutual undei standing Avas arrived at among the delegates with regard to the desirability of assimilating the patent laws of the seA-eral colonies. At present the difference between the laAvs is the cause of much annoyance and trouble. It was re- solved that the Victorian law officers should be requested to draw up a bill dealing with the subject, Avhich might be adoptedby the other colonies, Although not included in the report of tho Conference, the delegates from the three eastein'colonies; that is, New Zealand, New South Wales, and Queensland, have agreed to recommend to their respective Govern- ments to subsidise two submarine cables one from New South Wales to New Zealand, and the other from Queensland to Singapore. The two concerns aie to be taken as ono, and each colony is to contribute one-third of the subsidy. If this subsidy takes the form of a guaranteed interest, of course the re- ceipts will go in diminution thereof. The members of the Conference Avere most hospitably entertained in Sydney. Several picnics and marine excursions were given in their honour, and they received the most pressing attentions from the leading men of the city. On February 6 a Pailiamentary banquet avbs given to them, which Mr. Parkes lefused to attend, because ho Avas not alloAved to sit on the right of the chair- man. The committee of management de- cided that he was not a guest, and must give place to Mr. Francis as the leading repre- sentative of the greatest Australian colony. His absence, caused by this petty ebullition of spleen, Avas severely commented on by the public. His Excellency the Governor, Avho, it appeared, Avas much annoyed at the pro- ceedings and result of the Conference, did not exercise much hospitality towards the delegates, of whom he Avas induced to speak in the most contemptuous terms. Mr. Parkes Avas unwise enough to repeat what His Excellency had said. Their con- duct in this respect has been severely con- demned. The proceedings at the Con- ference were also rendered unpleasant by the behaviour of Mr. Parkes, Avho, not getting his ovni way, Avas very offensive and almost insulting to the other delegates. He made insinuations of a disagreeable kind i cspecting their attend- ing picnics and other entertainments given in their honour by prominent members of the Opposition. INTERCOLONIAL COMMERCIAL RECIPROCITE*. The following memorial AA'as adopted by the Conference on the subject of intercolo- nial commercial reciprocity, for transmission to the Secretary of State for the ColonieB : "The representatives of the colonies of Ncav South Wales, New Zealand, Queens- land, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria, and Western Australia, assembled in confe lcnce in Sydney, have carefully considered the correspondence which has taken place between the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies and their several Governments on the subject of Intercolonial Commercial Reciprocity, The Conference having given respectful attention to the ar- guments used by the Secretary of State, still consider it their duty to urge upon the Imperial Government the îemoval of the re stnctions Avhich preclude two or more colonies of the Australasian group from entering into arrangements for the admission of articles the gi owth, produce, or manfacture of any part of Australia or New Zealand, upon terms to which they may mutually agree. The Conference express their earnest hope that Her Majesty's GoA»ernment will introduce at as early a date as possible the necessary measure of legislation to give effect to the Avishes of the Confe- rence." A telegraphic message, embodying this de- cision of the Conference, Avas immediately transmitted by His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson toLord Kimberley, who telegraphed on the 17th inst., at 5.35 p.m., to say that Sir Heiculcs Robinson's telegram of the 14th, with reference to intercolonial tariffs, would receive the early consideration of Her Ma- jesty's Government. COLONIAL TRUST FUNDS. The folloAving íesolutions were ai rived at by the Conference with regaul to the invest- ment of trust funds in colonial Government securities : " The representatives of the Anstrálasian .colonies, assembled in conference, desire uigently to impress upon the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies the very gi cat and unnecessary disadvantages to Avhich, ns it appears to them, the colonies are subjected, through trastees in the United Kingdom not being at liberty to invest trust funds in colonial Government securities. "When trustees act under instruments which do not expressly exclude or include certain securities, their discretion as to in- vestment is still limited by certain acts of Pailiament. They may invest in securities guaranteed by Parliament, in securities au- thorised by general order of the Court of Chancery, m Parliamentary stocks, in public funds, or Government securities. They are also allowed to invest in Indian unguaran- teed stocks ; and lately they haA-e been per- mitted lo invest in railway securities. "It is submitted by the Conference that legislative piovision should be made, in vii tue of which trastees Avould be at liberty to invest in colonial Government securities. I There can be no reason Avhy the securities of the colonies should not be placed upon as favourable a footing as the unguaranteed securities of India. "There are numerous cases of persons who íeside in the colonies, beneficially interested in trust funds in the United Kingdom, avIio desire that such funds should be invested ?within the colony in which they reside. The trust deeds do not prohibit such a courso, yet the trustees, in the absence of the sug- gested legislative provision, find themselves unable lo comply Avith theAvishes of those on behalf of whom they act, " The enormous accumulations of trust moneys would make the measure now sug- gested one of great conA'cnienco to a large number of nor Majesty's subjects residing in the United Kingdom. "The Conference earnestly urges the Secre- tary of State to take the steps necessary to give effect to this representation." TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION BETIVEEN GREAT BRITAIN AND AUSTRALASIA. The folloAving address to the Right Hon. the Seoretary of State for the Colonies on the subject of the acquisition or construction of tlnough lines of telegraphic communication between Gieat Britain, India, and Austral- asia, avos unanimously agreed to by the In- tel colonial Conference : "The representatives of the colonies of New South Wales, Now Zealand, Queens- land, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria, and WcBtern Australia, in conference as- sembled, in forwarding to tho Right Hon. the Secrctoiy of State for the Colonies the íesolution attached, Avhich passed the Con- ference unanimously, desire to impress upon his lordship their sense of its urgency and importance. ", The,Governments of all the Australasian colonies have taken charge of the lines of telegraphic communication in thoir respec tiA-o colonies. Experience has shown that this course has enabled far greater facilities to be offered to those using the telegraph, and at lower rates, than if the lines had been permitted to pass into private hands, or into the hands of public companies. Her Ma- jesty's Government havo recently acquired the land lines within the United Kingdom, and the Conference believe, from tho infor- mation they possess, that the change has been attended with success. "They are of opinion that the arguments which may bo used in favour of Governments taking charge of the land lines Avithin thoir territories, apply Avith more force to their taking charge of the means of communica- tion between the separate parts of the same empire. "The nntional objects served are too db A'ious lo need comment. It is nubmitted that they arc sufficiently strong to bo Avorthy of consideration, even supposing tho com- munication would havo to bo maintained at some pecuniary cost. " But the proposal mado by the Conference will in all probability not involve a loss. On tho contrary, it may equally bo urged on tho ground of economy as on that of good government. Her Majesty's subjects in tho United Kingdom, India, and Australasia, have now to use the lines in the hands of joint-stock companies, Avho look for lates to yield their shareholders fiom 10 to 15 per cent. If the GoA-einments acquiied tho lines, they could obtain money at about 4 iicr cent.; besides that, by the use of Her Majesty's ships, the lines could be maintained at less than the present cost of maintenance. The Governments would, therefore, be able to offer the use of the telegraph at lower rates than joint-stock companies aro inclined to do. When it is considered how materially tele- graphic communication promotes the pros- perity of the countries enjoying it, it may without exaggeration be asserted that the proposal made by the Conference is one in the interest of a large portion of Her Ma- jesty's subjects. "The Confeicnce would prefer that Her Majesty's Government should elaborate the details ; and they merely throw out as a sug- gestion that the Imperial Government, in conjunction with the Governments of India and the Australasian colonies, should jointly acquire or construct a through line between the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand, and by way of Her Majesty's Indian possessions." THE SAN FRANCISCO MAIL SERVICE. An offer was submitted by the Now Zea- land representatives at the Conference to Mr. Parkes, the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, with respect to Webb's steam- ship line. They wero willing that the steamers employed in the Californian sers'ice should run in the manner provided for by the pros-isional contract which was last year entered into between Mr. Duffy, Mr. Vogel, and Mr. Webb, except that " Nesv South Wales" and ' ' Sydney" should m any agreement that may be completed, bo substituted for " Victoria" and " Melbourne" respectively. They believed that such a service could be obtained for a payment of from £45,000 to £50,000. In such case, piovided that £20,000 of the cost was met by the Imperial subsidy to that amount, New Zealand would be willing to pay the balance. The only pay- ment they proposed to exact from New South Wales would be the postages received by the colony for mail matter carried for it by the service, it being understood that if the amount of such postages should exceed £5,000, the excess should be retained by the colony. They nlso proposed that the other colonies shoulel pay to New Zealand the total amount of the postages received for mail matter carried for them respectively by the service. They should make it a condition that the postal rates should remain as at present, viz., Gd. perjoz. on letters, and Id. each for newspapers. After the conclusion of the Conference the New Zealand delegates remained in Sydney for several days, for the purpose of continu- ing negotiations with the New South Wales Government in reference to Webb's line. The perfoi manees of Webb's steamers have hitherto been very unsatisfactory, and the New South Wales Government having ob- tained local tenders from the A.S.N. Com- pany and from Mr. Hall for carrying on a San Francisco mail service, are indisposed to entertain any other offers. The negotiations with Mr. Vogel have since ceased, as the Government lias definitely refused to sup- port a subsidy to the Webb line. The Nesv Zealand delegates have left for Melbourne, for the purpose of endeavouring to arrange with tlie Victorian Government to support the Webb line. It is understood that the tender of the A.S.N. Company for this service is not very much over £50,000, while that of Mr. noll is lower still. It is probable that Mr. Hall's tender will be accepted : but the Government is likely to submit the Califor- nian mail contract for the ratification of the Assembly Information has since been re- ceived that the American Senate has refused to grant a subsidy to Webb's Californian line. _ FAREWELL BANQUET TO THE GOVERNOR OF VICTORIA. The farewell banquet to His Excellency' Viscount Canterbury was given at the Town hall on Thursday evening, the 20th inst, and it was attended by about 400 gentlemen. The Governor, accompanied by Lieutenant Roth- well and Lieutenant Terry, A.D.C., ar- rived at 7 o'clock, and was received at the Swanstou-street entrance by the mayor of Melbourne (Mr. O'Grady), the members of the committee, and the tosvn clerk (Mr. Fitzgibbon). A guard of honour, which con- sisted of about 90 of the local force, under Captain Stubbs, was drawn up in double line in Swanston-street. The chair was occupied by the Hon. W. H. F. Mitchell, president of the Legislative Council. On his right was nis Excellency Viscouut Canterbury; on his left, His Honour Sir Wil- liam Stawell, the Chief Justice. Next to the Governor were Mr. Francis, the Chief Secre- tary, Commodore Stirling, and Mr. Stephen, the Attorney-General. Next to tho Chief Justice weie Sir Francis Murphy, Mr. Langton (the Tiensurer), Mr, Justice Molcssvorth, and Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, At the same table there were Colonel Anderson, the command- ant of the forces; Mr. Gillies, Minister of Railsvays; Mr. Mackay, the Minister of Mines ; Mr. Cohen, the Minister of Customs ; Mr. Kerferd, the Solicitor-General ; the Hon. A. Fraser, the Commissioner of Public Works ; the Hon. Challes Sladen, C.M.G. ; tlie Hon. John O'shanassy, C.M.G. ; nnd a number of other members of Parliament and Executive Councillors. CaptainM'Mahon, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, was the principal vice-chairman. The other vice-chairmen wero Mr. O'Grady, the mayor of Melbourne ; Mr. Reeves, the mayor of Geelong; Mr. Claxton, the mayor of Ballarat ; Mr. M'Dougal, the mayor of Sandhmst, Mr. S. P. Lord, president of the Chamber of Commerce ; Dr. Brosvnless, the vice- chanceUor of "the University; Mr. D. C. M'Arthur, and Mr. John Blacksvood. The mayors of several inland towns not already mentioned, and of tho tosvns and boioughs in the neighbourhood of Melbourne, were piesent ; so also were leading repre- sentatives of the commercial world, pio minent bankers, and members of the dif feient learned professions. The ladies in the balconies and the gallery numbcied about 150, and amongst them weie the Hon. Mrs. CE. Bright and the Hon. Miss Manners Sutton, His Excellency's daughters. The loyal toasts were received svith enthu- siasm. The Chairman proposed the toast of the evening-"The Health of Lord Canterbury." Ho said-Gentlemen,-I wiU remind you that some six years ago we were all at logger- heads with each other, and if every man's hand was not raised against his neighbour, at least I can say this, that his tongue or pen was employed in abusing him. And to Buch a pitch was this carried that inany_ believed theie was no end out of our difficulties unless by reference to England, with the viesv of ob- taining a change in tho Constitution. At that jnnctuie it pleased- our graciouB Sovereign to appoint to rule os'er us a gentleman who had had gi eat experience in Parliamentary life, who had been a Minister of the Crown, and who had been entrusted hy Her Majesty with tho government of other dependencies. On his arrival here he pom ed oil on the troubled waters ; and so effectually did he do so that, if the lion did not lie down with the lamb, at aiiy rate the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly ss'alked from that time liand in hand, with only one desire, and that desire to advance the best interests of our adopted land. (Loud applause.) I will also ask you again to turn, your attention to the same period of six years, and to consider the cnoimous strides in the svay of prosperity tho country has made in that time ; and if we refer to the additions ' and orna- mentations to our cities, the palatial resi- dences of our merchant princes and our shepherd kings, and last, but not least, to tliis magnificent hall in which wo have met, thoy all exhibit a prosperity which has scarcely ever been equalled in the history of the world,, and which certainly has never been surpassed. I sviU not be guilty of such fulsome llattery as to say that all this pros- perity is to be attributed to my Lord Canter- bury. But I do say that it is a result of the tianquility which we havo enjoyed, and I also say that we owe that tranquility to him. (Loud applause.) When my lord Canterbury leaves these shores ho will not leave a single enemy behind him'. (Reness-ed applause.) And in time to come we shall often call to mind the genial nobleman, who mixed alike in our sports and our more serious duties. (Applause.) ' I feel peculiar gratification in being permitted to preside on thiB occasion, because I was born and brought up almost within the sight of the old tosvers of Belvoir, the ancient castle of the race from which his lordship springs. In the midland counties our forefathers have for generations sought their leadeis in the nobio house of Man- ners ; and I feel suio that through many an old hall and farmhouse there a thrill of plea- sure will be caused when it is knosvn that another scion of the old stock has added laurels to tho name, not as many of them have done, as a successful warrior, but in earning the gratitude of the people over whom his Sos'ereign had called on bim to piesido. (Loud cheers.) Viscount Canterbury, on rising to respond, was greeted with enthusiastic applause, which continued for some moments, He said, Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,-There are occasions-they aie rare, I am aware-but theie me occasions on which the multitude of memories which, present tlicmselvcs to your mind aresoAdvid and so exciting in their cha racteras almost to defy expression to everyone of them. My honourable friend who has pro- posed this toast to your notice has carried us back to the time of my arrival in this colony. The circumstances of that arrival were not, in my opinion at least, faA-ourable to me, and I remember Avell the anxieties, and doubts Avhich then oppressed me. But now, gen- tlemen, I am proud to tell you, in plain truth and Avithout flattery, that I have no doubt in my ovm mind that through the gene- rosity of the people of Victoria tliese disad- vantages Avere, in fact, advantages. (Applause. ) I remember the kindness, the consideration with which I Avas met in Melbourne. I re- member the kindness with which during the rapid visits Avhich I Avas then, or within a few Aveeks, enabled to pay to different towns in the country, I Avas greeted. I have already told you that I remember my reception' in Melbourne with gratitude, nor shall I ever forget the reception which Avas accorded me in Ballarat. 1 remember, too, that from first to last I have received from all classes in Victoria that confidence which it has been my first desiro to merit, and which I felt assured that if I did merit I should continue to retain. (Applause.) Gentlemen, you will pardon me if on this occasion I venture to trespass on your time-(hear, hear)-by stating shortly and briefly the motives, the rules, and the ambitions Avhich have guided me during my administration of this go- vernment. I did not come here Avith the ambition of directing the Government or legislation of the people of Victoria. I kncAV Avell the constitutional rule, and knowing it I sympathised and approved of it, that the destiny of the people is, after all, in their own hands. (Applause.) What I did seek, and have always'sought, was to obtain and to merit their confidence and their good will, and I "-ive sought it ina constitutional mode. (Hear, hear.) For, gentlemen, I speak in the presence of gentle- men of all political opinions and of different political parties, with whom in turn it has been my fate, and let me add, my privilege, to be thrown into confidential relationsliip, I speak in the presence of gentlemen of those did crcnt political parties with whom I have had relations,-those relations Avhich exist between the Governor and his confidential advisers. I appeal Avith confidence to them whether I am not justified in believing, which belief I entertain Avith gratitude to them and Avith a feeling of pride for myself, that from each in turn I have rcceiA'cd the fullest and most unreserved confidence. (Ap- plause.) And, gentlemen, this I know, that to each in turn I have given the most unreserved confidence. (Reneyved applause.) But though I did this, I did not conceal my oAvn opinions. I should not have thought it consistent Avith my own character, nor should I have believed thatlhcy Avould have felt anything but con- tempt for me if I had simulated concurrence when I differed from thom in opinion. (Hear, hear.) I have never professed concurrence Avhen I dissented; I have never concealed my opinion upon any question of public importance-(hear, hear)-from my confi- dential advisers, but I have never sought to impose my opinion on them, for that Avould not have been in accordance Avith the duties of my office. Well then, gentlemen, these have been the rules Avhich have guided me. My motives, I can honestly say, may be summed up in a very feAV words. They have consisted in a single and hearty desire to perform my duty to the Crown and to this colony. And what has been the result? Pardon my egotism. I have been ego- tistical throughout my observations, and I must be egotistical to the end, for if I were not Iioav could I shoAV my appreciation of your kindness, and of the manner in which you have received this toast, (near, hear.) But what now is the result ? At the close of my official career I have the happi- ness to receive from you-and I have also the happiness to believe that in this respect the people of Victoria agree Avith you I have the happiness to receive from you the assurance that you believe that I have en- deavoured to do my duty. (Loud applause.) Of more than that I am not worthy- more than that I could not expect to receive ; more than that I do not hope to receive. But I do assure you, gentlemen, that Avhether my future years be many or tew, and Avhatever may be the distance Avhich may divide us, I shall never forget tBe sympathy-no not sympathy, but loyal assistance-which I haA-e received from all parties in Victoria in the perform- ance of my duty as the representative of the CroAvn. You may be sure that the approba- tion Avhich you have now given to my career here I have received and shall ever regard as my best recompense and reward. jCheers and great applause, the company rising and twice giving three hearty cheers for His Ex- cellency.) The next toast was the " Army, Navy, and Local Force ;" and then the " Health of Vis counteBS Canterbury and the members of her ladyship's family]" was drunk. The Vice-chairman (Captain M'Mahon) proposed " Her Majesty's Ministers in Vic- toria." Mr. Francis, the Chief Secretary, re- sponded, and in the course of his speech spoke thus of Lord Canterbury :-1 feel pleasure' 'in the opportunity which the present toast has afforded me and the Ministry also of joining, not only as a citizen, not only as a member of the Legisla- ture, but as a member of Her Majesty's Ministry in Victoria, in paying a high and most deserved tribute of respect to His Excellency the GoA-ernor, who, six years ago, was sent out to nile, or at any rate to guide, the destinies of this not unimportant British community. (Ap- plause.) Not only from my position as a citizen, not only from my position for many years as one of the Legislature of this colony, but also from my position now, by accident or by merit, as head of the Administration conducting the affaira of the colony, also as a member of a not inconsiderable family bom in this colony, I venture to asseit that His Excellency deserves our most .unmistakable and pronounced thanks. I feel that from the Ministry of Victoria-and in their name and in that of the country I now speak-thanks aro due to Lord Canterbury, Lady Canterbury, and his family, but mainly to himself-the man at the helm. I have seen, in my experience of life in Australia, many GoA'ernors, and I must say that each and every one has Avell fulfilled his duties ; but I do not hesitate to say, as a member of the present Ministry, that m every instance I have found the highest and most requisite qualities dis- played by the distinguished gentleman to Avhom this large and most influential assem- blage have met to do honour this evening. "The Legislature" Avas proposed by the Mayor of Melbourne. Viscount Canterbury proposed "Prosperity to Victoria." He said,-I could not, gen- tlemen, on the eve of my departure from this colony, haA-e received or have accepted a more agreeable duty, and with these Avords I Avili take leave of myself. (Cheers.) What, çcntlemen, do Ave mean by the avom prosperity?' Is it abundance in the land? Is' it the prosperity of commerce? Is it that agriculture should thrive 1 Is it that manu- factures and eA'ery brauch of industry should prosper?1 Yes,1 gentlemen, it is these. But m the sense in which I propose it for your acceptance it is more tuan these. When I propose to you prosperity to Vic- toria, I merni not only material prosperity, but intellectual advancement. (Cheers.) I mean progress in arts and scionce. I1 mean progress in all that elevates the mind of man. (Cheers.) I mean the promotion of social virtue and of public morality.*' (Cheers.) I mean that progress Avhich Avili not only raise your power and your influence, but teach you Iioav to uso it. Gentlemen, I -will not dAvell upon the past. I have already trespassed too long upon your attention in reference to tho past. (No, no.) Well, then, let me tell you this-that so far as is Avithin my own experience, it ia of a character Avhich gives great, indeed the only, A'alue to the toast. It is of a character of the highest value, for it gives at once tho assurance that you have gained experience, and that you have a future of success. (Cheers.) . Who, looking upon the past, can doubt your resouices? Who, looking upon the past, can doubt-I do not myself doubt that these lesouroes will be developed? If you ask me bow they are to be developed, Avhy, gentlemen, I should say that this is at once a question which involves the Avhole science of politics. It is one which, even in another assembly and in another sphere, I should scarcely dare to grapple. It is one not fitted for discussion at, a time like the picscnl. Nor is it necessary that it should be so discussed. This, gentlemen, I tell you, that Avith public spirit m the Legis- lature, Avith public spirit in the people, suc- cess, with the blessing of Providence, is assured. (Loud cheers). I do not under- take to decide betAveen the different theories of different schools of politics. I say that Avith public spirit, if these theories are enunciated and argued in good faith, and if they aro subjected to free discussion, that if thero be, and I hope there Avili always be, public spirit in the people of Victoria, there Avili also be a public opinion which will guide Victoria to successiA-o triumphs. (Cheers.) Although I do not pretend, gentlemen! to fäll you what is to bî your future, let me for one moment m» î,,t0 V,,e»S,ta,% if X ca» discern itg I? know that there is a school of politicians who believe that, if o colony thrives, itsprôsneri £ must necessarily decrease the S JZ which it has svith the spot from svhich S been derived. I believe that the pronasf tion of these opinions to a very great Se»" tends to promote their success, buTi8"" notmyself believe m those opinions. (Cheerio I say for myself, gentlemen, I see no Sn why the colonies should not, as they S stronger, impart additional strength io tZ mother country. (Much applause.) I ai« no reason why the colonies, as the» achieve triumphs and victories for them Belvçs, should not, svhile thoy retain th« whole credit of these triumphs a,T vic tories, also share in the glorious historj of tlio mother countiy. Cheers.) I m7 gentlemen, for mysolfr that in proposin. to you the prosperity of Victoria, »art of my aspirations arc that Victoria, «nth S other colonies, may continue united to t » Empire, and that they-I mean the bA colonies-may be for ages to como the chief adornments of that magnificent empire to whichsvcnow belong (Loud applaud.) The Ron. John O'shanassy responded He said,-I have had the pleasure S happiness of witnessing almost the rim» and progress of the colony. (Hear, hear.) I haye observed the administration of His Excellency which 'is now officially beini brought to a close ; but I had also t 5 pleasure and opportunity of observim; and judging, as Ihey grew in importance, the ad. ministrations of four of His Excellency'» predecessors. An experience of that kind will therefore, I think, warrant me in savins this-and I say it without making any invi dious compansons-that no officer who has been charged with the administration of the affairs of tins country has acquitted him self so much to the satisfaction of all classes of Her Majesty's subjects as the officer svho is now closing his connexion with the colony (Cheers.) I have been a student of history and an observer, and I have noticed that His Excellency's career from the time of his arris'al in tlie colony when I was far distant in Eurone shows that he has truly portrayed his character when he said that he svas a con stitutional ruler. And my sincerity to this testimony will bo admitted when I say that I have not sers-cd under His Excellency nor sought to serve under him. In sneaking in reference to colonial prosperity, I refer now not to our material progress, but to the advantage ss-e possess in having had a Go- vernor chosen by the Queen svho svill soon have an opportunity of meeting face to face English politicians svho take a lively interest in colonial affairs. For he will be able to speak not merely as an experienced statesman of the mother country, but also as one pos- sessing colonial experience of no small value (Applause.) And we feel flattered that, now we have attained a position of such import ance, that no man of any position svho addresses himself to the public in Great Britain fails to make reference to tlie Colonial question-sve are flattered at the attention, for we feel that it is bestowed on us not so much on account of our origin, but to our growth, and to the progress we havo made in developing the resources of this por- tion of the empire. We are much obliged to the gentlemen of all parties who take an in- terest in us. But we are more obliged to a section of British politicians who belong to no party, who are not Liberals, or Tories, or Radicals, but who aro strongly of opinion that the integrity of the empire must be maintained. We are proud of the rccogni tion, not merely of our political connexion and constitutional forms, but of their senti- ment that the British empire shall be main. tained in all its integrity, and that no por- tion of it shall be abandoned. (Cheers.) I might further add one simple observation, that, from the study I have been able to give to all the forms of opinion in tlie mother country, I find that whatever viesv parties take of the relations of the colonies, they are not likely to make the colonial question a party question. I think His Excellency will be able svhen ho retuniB to liis native coun- try to tell, from the results of his large ex- perience, of the strong feeling and desire manifested for the relationship svith the mother countiy. At the same time there is a strong feeling in this coun- tiy amongst all parties that there shall not be too much interference in our local affaiis. (Hear, hear.) With these conditions combined, I believe it will be a vciy lons time indeed beforo Mncaulay's celebrated New Zealander, or an Australian, svill he able to sketch the ruins of St. Paul's from London-bridge. (Applause.) The other toasts svere "The Mayor and Corporation of the City of Mclboumo and the Municipal Corporations of tlie Colony," "The Ladies," "The Press," and "The Chairman." POLITICAL. The absence of the Chief Secretary and Treasurer, svho have been in attendance at the Intercolonial Conference in Sydney, tlie proceedings of svhich are described else- where, has rendered the condition ol' poli- tical affairs during the past month very quiet. Tenders were opened on Tuesday, the 4th of February, at the Treasury, by the lion. E. Cohen, Commissioner of Customs (in tho absence of the Treasurer) for the purchase of the whole or any part of £500,000 of Vic- torian Government stock, to be issued under the authority of Act No. 428, bearing in- terest at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum. Boforo opening the temiere Jin Cohen announced that the Governor in Coun- cil bad decided that no offer should be enter- tained svhich was bolosv par. It svas found. on examination, that stock had been applied for to the value of £118,150, at prices ranging from £85 to £100. Only £13,100 was wanted at the latter figure, ami this svas the extent of the business transacted. One gentleman who had been a successful tenderer for £10,000 subsequently offered to take au addi- tional £15,000 at par, and since then other applications have been received, making the total amount of the stock taken up to date £84,610. In connexion with this new stock an appli- cation was made before Mr. Justice Moles- worth, in the Equity Court, for an order, to prevent the conversion of some Victorian Government debentures, held by the master in equity, into the four per cent. Government stock. The 29th section of the act under which the new stock was erected- the Public Works Loan Act 1872- provides that debentures held by the master in equity by virtue of his office, or of any decree of the Supreme Court, at the time of the passing, ot tho act, shall, subject to any order windi may in the meantime be made by the said Court, be Bold as the Governor in Council may direct, and that the proceeds shall bo in- vested in the nesv stock. The application in question, made in Chadwick v. Bennett, re- ferred to £59,055 held by the master in Government debentures bearing 0 per cent, interest, and it was made on the ground tliac the conversion of those debentures into tlie new stock svould inilict.a pecuniary loss on the persons interested in the debentures. The annual income nosv derived fiom tne debentures was, it was stated m affidavits, £3,297 0s., but if they were sold and tho pro- ceeds wero invested in the nesv stock, tlie in- come would be only £2,549 12s. lid.; and it was represented on behalf of those of tlie plaintiffs who were tenants for life m tne estate, that the conversion svould reduce their annual income from £1,148 3s. to-7« 10s. Gd. A similar application was made in another case¡ in which there wore lunas belonging to the estate, amounting to £51,000, now invested in six per cent, t>o vernmont debentures. In, both cases lus Honour granted the application. , The border duties question has at longtii been satisfactorily settled, After the close of the Intercolonial Conference the repre- sentatives of Victoria, South Australia, ano. New South Wales met, and arrived at «J agreement respecting the border duties. 1"° duties have boon settled for a period of turco years, dating from the signature of a docu- ment which is to be subscribed on behalt or. the colonies concerned. Under this agree- ment Victoria will pay annually a sum oi £54,500, and South Australia £13,500. MJ toria is cmpoweied to prohibit the «nPTO tion of colonial tobacco if found prejudicial to tho Victorian revenue. All goods talten across tho Murray from New South 'Vales a» to bo treated as importations into yictoi ». and be subject to duty from South Aus- tralia. In case any material alteration « made in the tariff of any of the colonies in- terested, which would have the effect m rendering any treaty entered into mamtesi y unfair, such treaty may be.determined uy giving three months' notice if Parliament is in session, and six months'notice it l aug- ment is not in session. .. ,_,i. The New South WnlcsGovernmentinte .us to submit the Border Duties Treaty for ifttiii; cation by Parliament about the middle ol March, and the collection of duty is likely io cease at the end of noxt month. The Sydney Morning Herald, writing on tho subject of this agreement, makesi ti» following romarks ;-"Qu Saturday, prwi w the departure of the Intercolonial Confer- ence delegates, a treaty was concluded- sub- to ratification by their respective Parlia- ments between the Hon. Henry Parkes, as represetatives of New South Wales, and the Hon. J. G. Francis, representing Vic- toria, which will give effect to one of the resolutions recommended by the late con- ference. The arrangements are, that in lieu of the collection of the Murray River duties the Government of Victoria shall pay to that of New South Wales a lump sum of £68,000 per annum. Of this amount South Anstraliá agrees to recoup Victoria to the extent of £13,500 yearly, and have a right to the Murray River trade upon equal terms. By the new treaty Mr. Francis agrees io nive £8 000 per annum in excess of the Inchest offer he liad made previously, and Lil it not been for some quibbling it is «ratable that his former offer of "00,000 Luíd have been accepted. When Mr. Duffy and Sir James Martin discussed the subject in 1871 the then Chief Secretary of Victoria was not prepared to pay more than £50,000. 'Vue accounts of the Border customs for the ve&r; ending 31st ultimo give £73,682 as tho cross amount received, and of this £13,214 nns bom South Australia. As a set- off, Ave have ^7,230 collected by Victoria on goods from this colony, leaving a net balanco of £00,443 in favour of this colony ; but from tins must he deducted the cost of col lection kc. Last year South Australia did an increased business with our Border resi- dents on account of our complications Avith Victoria. As far as the return laid before Parliament serves as a guide, the South Aus- tralian iepresentativcslia\'0 tho worst of the new bai gain, inasmuch as they will have to pay Victoria more than last year's collection. Perhaps in this, as in other matters con- nected with the conference, they havo been ready to consider that all other interests Bhould be subservient to those represented by Messrs. Francis and Langton. The new treaty is to remain in force for three years from date of signature." ,,,",' A statement, prepared from the latest oin cial returns in the Chief Secretary's depart- ment, has been published, showing the mcseiit electoral strengtli of the colony, both as regards the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly. The statistics show a considerable decrease in the number of electors on the rolls. In 1871-2 there were 22 875 electors for the Legislative Council, but at present there are only 22,537 on the rolls, or 338 less than last year. The whole ?of the decrease is in the South-Western province. At Ballarat West the number on the rolls has decreased 290, at Ballarat East 102, and at Geelong 133. There is a still more marked falling off in the .voting power for the Legislative Assembly. At present there aro 127,700 voters on the general and ratepayers' rolls, while in 1871-2 there were 132,134, or 4,43*4 more. The principal decrease has been in the Ballarat West dis- trict, where the roll contains 2,543 less names than it did last year. There has been a con- siderable faffing off also in the Avoca, Bal- larat East, the OA'ens, Rodney, South Bourke, Creswick, Dalhousie, and Geelong East and West districts. There are now 338 less votera on the electoral roll for the Legis- lative Council, and 4,434 less for the Legisla- tive Assembly, than there wero at the cor- responding period in 1872. Tlie only marked increase in the electoral strength of a dis- trict is at Sandhurst, where the roll for the Assembly has been augmented by the names of 1,085 electors. New regulations under tlio Land Act o£ 1809haA-o been prepared, and the amended eysteui will be carried into effect as soon as they arc approved of by the Executive. On the 3rd February, Mr. II. J. Wrixon, a prominent member of the Legislative Assem- bly, addressed his constituents at Belfast. He congratulated the country on having secured a measure of such vast importance as the Education Act, and Bpoke in high terms of the ability displayed by the Attor ?' ney- General, who, though comparatively young in politics, had succeeded in carrying a measure Avhere so many had previously tailed, ne deprecated any objection to the act on the ground of expense, considering its ultimate benefits to the country, and declared thut in his opinion an educational rate would be the best means to meet the expenditure. He also entered upon the question of electoral reform, and contended that the present system was ineffectual to represent the opinion of the country; that any mapping out of the country into equal electoral districts Avould only perpetuate the evil, and explained at some length Hare's plan of representative government, which was in force in some countries and had been found to work well. Mr. Thomas Russell, M.L.A., member for Grenville, has resigned his seat and taken bis departure for the old country. The writ for a fresh election was issued on the 5th February. Four candidates carne forward but tyro ictired, and the contest lay between Mr. Montgomery, the engineer of the shire of Grenville, and Mr. Turner, another local candidate. The polling took place on Mon- day, the 24th of February, and resulted in the return of Mr. Montgomery, the Government candidate, by a large majority. The Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the ATorking of the Local Government Acts has been visiting the principal towns of the colony during the past fortnight for the pur- pose of collecting information. Tho inten- tion is to consolidate the present acts, which consist of 1,130 clauses, and extend over 351 pages of the statute-book, into a short act of from 60 to 70 pages. It is also desired to place the local bodies on an improvod foot- ing. A Marine Board Bill avíU be amongst the first measuies submitted to Parliament by the Government, In its main features it will closely resemble the bill introduced into the Assembly in the session of 1870 by Mr. E. Cohen, when he was Commissioner of Cus- toms in the Macpherson Administration, cinch provided that the duties at present discharged by the department of Portsand Harbours and the Pilot and Steam Naviga- tion boards should in future devolve upon, one board, possessing larger powers, to be called the Marine Board, and to consist of the chief harbour-master and not more than seven other members. The appointment of tlie board rested Avith the Governor in Council. , THE EDUCATION ACT. , The system of public instruction estab- lished by the Education Act of 1872 is ful- filling the expectations of those Avho were favourable to it during its progress through Pailiainent, as completely as it is falsifying the prophecies of those Avho opposed it. Its immense success Avould indeed justify the conclusion that the .curses poured on it have been turned into blessings. Of course the experience of its operations is too limited to form the basis of any trust- worthy conclusions aB to the merit of its three lundamental principles-freo, compulsory, and secular education. But, at all events, the jrabhc has shown that the allegations of the clerical and other opponents of the measure, to the effect that it aviis only popular amongst a lew, were unfounded and untrue, i Tlie ?schools under the act are overcroAvded with cfuldrcn, and haA-e been overcroAvded since lue time they Avere first opened this year, in every public school the applications made jw the admission of scholars Avhen the vacation closed in January were unprece ccntcdly numerous. Out of the aggregate number of non-vested schools, 565 in all, wo have been brought, either temporarily or ÏMiiianently, under the act. But the school accommodation lins been found very insuffi- cient, and IheEducationdepartmentis leasing «initiings suitable for schools in all directions, «M pai cuts of all creeds are just as willing j? avail themselves of the facilities for pub r nistmction now offered to their children muí .Government n8 parents of Avhat is cauca the "sect of secularists," thus.proving jue lallacy of the assertions of certain clergy, ¡"io professed thal, in opposing the act, 'U ?My belonged. Many of Hie non-vested schools «aye been brought under the 10th clause 0 the act ; that is to say, the schools will be linder the act for a year, and it wiU then be ti,» m?, who control them to say whether «ey will become permanently vested or not. .jne Uiurch of England Messenger, writing li, \il '10th c'ause, remarks :-"It is quite ,T '"at we hung back almost to the last «ornent before we could make up our «mus to avail ourselves ot the 10th 1Mb ° r new nct' ftnfl t0 let our sehools fini ./°.r a yeiu' under its provisions, ."?at it is not true that we changed our 'unos and swam with the stream Avhen .%._ i0Un,d, the t¡de too strong for us to stein. "*?**>(. Held back, as we were bound in all Chris Ifl',»oncsty to do, until by publication of tho tin» l!onsA, or iu some ot'ler unmistakable ffiii1? M'nister, of Public Instruction Mould give us to understand what would be RnS^'i08111011 o£ the teachers in non-vested «?noola as to religious instruction. Once we _,,_ "assured on that point by the circular Si fr9m tlle education offlco, there in "" ü° «o longer any hesitation on our part Bil» t11« tllc yenl's respite, if only for the tW. 10 teachers who would otherwise bo "Town out of employment nt less than a fortnight's notice. What wo shall do at tho end of the year it is impossible for any one tp foresee. There is already every indication that strong pressure will be brought to bear upon the trustees, not indeed to sell, but to let, their buildings to the state. There are caseB, we confess, in which it is hard to see what other, course can be adopted. But tho plain fact is, that to let one school is vir- tually to let them all. Once wo have con- ceded that course to be open, its adoption will be forced upon us> on all sides. It affords so pleasant and easy a solution of the svhole difficulty, so nice a compromise betwecn-a useless struggle against the state funds and an absolute surrender of principle, that sve cannot question that it svill bo very generally accepted. If once we begin letting our build- ings, there is no doubt bul we shall go on letting them as long as the state will take them. Few committees, in face of the clear evidence offered by the last month that the days of the private commercial schools aro numbered, will propose after this to open their schools as private ventures, and i fewer teachers will be found to accept appointments the salaries attached to which are to be contingent solely upon the fees," It is probable that very few indeed of these non-vested schools, to svhatever denomina- tion they belong, will finally detach them- selves from connexion with the state. It is gratifying to knosv that at least one clergy- man is not only satisfied svith tho nesv Edu- cation Act, but can adduce some proofs of its beneficial action. "AClorgyman" in a letter to The Argus has stated that "in the district of Templestowe and Doncaster there are three schools svithin a radius of four or five miles, each attended, before the passing of the act, by about 30 scholars, or 90 in all ; they nosv average CO scholars in each, or 180 in all." The district spoken of is one of the poorest in the colony. It is inhabited by wood-cutters, charcoal-burners, and carters, svho, under present circumstances, find a great difficulty in making a living. To men situated as they are, the weekly pay- ment of school fees must alsvays prove a great, and oftentimes insuperable, difficulty. Money comes to them occasionally in a "lump," but frequently they can hardly make bread and cheese for sveoks together. Under the old system of schooling, the fees had to be forthcoming every Monday morn- ing, whether they were prepardd to pay them or not, otherwise their child or children svere either dismissed, or, at the very least, placed in a false and rather humiliating position. Now, hosvever, that they can have them edu- cated free-i.e., they can pay for their educa- tion by means of their contributions to the general revenue-"many make an effort to clothe them with something like de- cency, wash their faces and hands, and send them to school." This alone is very gratifying, but more remains behind. The nesv system has been stigmatised as a godless one. But our correspond- ent says on this point that many neglected children, having como in daily contact with better taught and more civil- ised children, have, without any effort on* the part of the teachers, folloss-ed their companions from the day-school to the Sun- day-school, and from the Sunday-school to the house of God. The attendance at private schools, especially those of the inferior class, has, as might have been expected, decreased since the new system came into force. But a large proportion of the children who have swarmed into the public schools have never received any in- struction before. Except in a very fesv cases, theso children have presented themselves at school in a neat and clean condition, though of course their clothes are not of the best material; and from no school have parents in a higher social scale withdrawn their children for fear of their being con- taminated by others. Accounts have been received by the department, for instance, to the effect that a large number of children who had apparently received little or no education previously were Hocking to the state schools in the neighbourhood of Castle- maine. It was noticeable that although many of them were children of poor parents, great pains had been taken to send them to school as neat and decent-looking as cir- cumstances would permit. Similar accounts have been received from many other places. The Minister of Education has sent a circular to state school teachers, remind- ing them that while facilities for admis- sion must be offered to all, yet it is the duty of the department as far as possible to protect the children committed to their care from injurious influences, either moral or physical. He therefore wishes them to understand that immoral conduct or lan- guage on the part of any scholar would justify a teacher in excluding such a chilli from his school. Any child affected with an infectious disease must be also excluded until all danger of infection is removed. Personal cleanliness should be made a con- dition for admission in the school, and to secure it appliances forsvashing must be pro- vided at the school, and their use enforced. In conclusion, teachers are svarned that they are responsible for the scholars attending their school from the time of their assembling until their dismissal, and that it is expected that either the head teacher or his assistants will keep a constant and effectual supervision over the children both in the schoolroom and the playground. Another circular has been sent to state school teachers, informing them that as there is at present a temporary difficulty in provi- ding school accommodation in some places, tht Minister of Public Instruction wishes it to be understood that children subject to the compulsory provisions of the act- that is to say, between the ages of 6 and 15 years, shall not be excluded from the schools by the admission of younger or older children ss'ho aro not within those provi- sions. It is, hosvever, mentioned that it is not the intention of the Minister to discourage the admission of young children into schools, but for the present children under 6 and over 15 should only be admitted upon the understanding that they will not be continued on the rolls of the schools to the exclusion of children affected by the confpulsory provision. Tho Minister further directs attention to the fact that under the existing law it is the duty of all persons to educate their children, al- though the penalties for failing in the per- formance of this duty will not have accrued for some time. It is hoped that the general recognition of this duty will render any gene- ral enforcement of the penalties unneces- sary. As it has, as yet, been found im- possible to provide sufficient accommo- dation for the children whose parents voluntarily send them to the public schools, no attempt has been made to put the compulsory provision of the new measure into operation. But the department is making inquiries, with a view to enforcing that provision. In the meantime, the "street arabs" aro not to bo neglected. Arrangements have beon made by the de- partment for the establishment of a school on a large scale in Melbourne for this class of cliildren, to whoso attendance at the pre- sent schools objection might be taken on the score of cleanliness and their personal habits. Mr.Williamson, the teacher of the Nelson boys, a gentleman who has had con- siderable experience in connexion svith chil- dren of the class referred to, has been de- puted to toke tho matter in hand, and a building has been leased for a school in the centre of that part of Melbourne in which tho lowest of the population reside. Other similar schools will bo opened in other such districts, and steps have been taken to ascertain the number of children who can be in any way classed as "gutter children." The department have reason to believe they aro far less numerous than is supposed. It is not improbable that night- . schools, specially intended for the convo-' nience of children svho cannot, for various reasons, attend during the daytime, will bo established shortly. From what has beon Baid it svill bo seen that the Minister of Public Instruction (the lion. J. W. Stephen, Attorney- General) and the de partaient of Public Instruction havo had a great deal of ss-ork to do in bringing the nesv system into operation. Though the enemies of the system are not silent, not a single one of them has yet asserted that Mr. Stephen is not administering the act both honestly and ably. Hitherto the public at large havo been completely satisfied with the Btcps he has taken in connexion svith the act. Certain of the teacheis in the public schools are complaining that their incomes are not so large nosv ns they were under the old system. Before the nesv system caine into operation, and when fees were paid by all scholars, except those whose parents could not afford to pay them, some of tho teachers in the larger schools derived extravagantly-high incomes from thom. It has been deemed advisable hy the department that such incomes should be reduced, but there has nevor been any intention on its part to reduce, but on the contrary, it has shown a elesire to increase the incomes of the teachers generally. In consequence of the abolition of fees, except- ing those payable for extra subjects, the in- comes of the teachers now consist partly of a fixed salary-which includes an equivalent for the loss of tho old fees-partly of fees for extra subjects, and partly of payments for results. Some of the teachers, as is above stated, complain that under the new airarige ment their incomes have been reduced. It is the wish neither of the Legislature, nor of the public, nor of the Government, that the teachers in the state schools should be parsimoniously dealt with. The importance of the functions they discharge and the ne- cessity of securing and retaining the zealous services of a body of highly-qualified mon, aTO universally recognised. If, therefore, it can be shown that they aro inadequately remunerated under the existing regulations, a modification of the latter may be confi- dently calculated upon at the hands of any Ministry which may happen to be in power. The position of the teachers whç havo become members of the Civil Service is much improved in one respect, because their tenure of offico is more certain during good behaviour. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. There has been very little neAvs recorded concerning the gold-fields during the past month, but from the accounts that have been published it is seen that the industry is being successfully pursued in nearly all the Avell-established districts. The month has, however, been very notablo for the transac- tions which have taken place'in the shares of the Sandhurst or Bendigo quartz- reefing companies. The extraordinary success of the claims in the Sandhurst district last year, together with the apparently inex- haustible nature of some of the reefs, and the probability of the discovery of rich reefs in claims being prospected, led to the belief that there would be a good rise in the value of the shares in most of the claims in the dis- trict during the early part of this year, and the" opinion was justified, by the rise actually taking place during the latter part of January ant- rim beginning of tho present month. Specu- lation, hoAvever, as it has dono on one or two occasions previously on Sandhurst, was carried too far, and stocks were raised to such a price that a fall yvas confidently ex- pected by cautious persons to occur within a very short period. The Beehive Mining Ex- change, at Sandhurst, where most of the sharedealing was transacted, presented in the earlier part of the month such an ani- mated appearance as could scarcely have been Avitnessed in any mining or share mar- ket in the Avorld. Stocks were rushed up with the greatest rapidity, and a rise of as much as £50,000 in the A-aluo of one mine alone-the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute - took place. The re- action came about the second week in the month. The shares of most of the com- panies then fell more rapidly than they rose, the value of the shares in the Tribute Com- pany just named dropping in price in less than a Aveek quite as much as the £56,000 named as the amount to Avhich they had in- creased in A-alue. The semi-panic was said tohaveoccuned through the rigging of the market by unscrupulous speculators in the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute shares, but other sliares fell with them, and notably those of the Johnson's Reef Gold Mines, though it seemed impossible to account for the fall in those shares. In October last the Johnson's Reef Company, Avhose claim had been worked successfully for years, struck a neAV quartz reef in their claim, which has since yielded magnificent re- turns, and they havo proved the reef to exist for a long distance in the claim, but when the reaction set in, OA'en their shares fell quickly from about£710s. each to between £4 and £5, notwithstanding that the company Avere raising from the new reef stone as rich as any they had previously obtained from it, and they nave since further receded to as low a price as £3 10s. It does not appear that there were any grounds either for the extraordinary rise in the prico of shares or of the decline, as from all that is known of tho various com- panies-either the diA- idend-paying ones or those being worked iiTthe expectation of striking some line of reef known to bo in other claims-their prospects are not mate- rially different from Avhat they Avere at the commencement of this year. Looking at the mines on all sides, there is not the least cause for apprehension as to the future ; but, on the contrary, continued prosperity seems to be assured. The amount of gold purchased by the banks in the Sandhurst district in January Avas 20,230oz., which was independent of several thousands of ounces sent to the Mint in Melbourne. Ballarat proper, which, until the recent progress made m quartz-reefing on Sandhurst, Avas the leading gold-field of this colony, is still afflicted Avith dulness, and notwithstand- ing the hopes that have been entertained for many months of a revival of the large returns of former times, the revival» has not como yet. A good deal of attention is, however, being attracted towards Elaine, which is in the Ballarat district, though at some distance from Ballarat city. There are now 20 claims i -with golden stone being worked at Elaine, and the district around is thought to be one of the most promising in the colony for mining. Large nuggets are seldom heard of now, but the discovery of a good one is reported by the Ballarat Courier:-" On Saturday, the , 15th instant, a nugget, weighing 131b., was brought into the Commercial Bank here fiom Smythesdale. The finder declined to state the precise locality whore it Avas found, but said itAvas not far from Symthesdale. The welcome stranger was unearthed a few , feet from the surface, and from what we have learned it could not have fallen into moro needful hands. Tlie man who has thus sud ' denlybeen raised to comparative afllueuce Avas just before in a semi-starving state, being hardly able to obtain sufficient for tho sustenance of his Avife and four children. The nugget is expected to yield 150oz. of ! pure gold." The diggings at Stockyard Creek, near Port ! Albert, continue to yield good returns, and those at Turton. Creek. Avhich are a now dis- covery, have piovcd to be Avonderfully rich, i as regards some of the claims. The finding j of these diggings in a portion of the colony j far distant from any other known goldfield is of great importance, as they Avili lead to tho prospecting of much country not hitherto , tried for gold, and most probably to the 1 discovery of many valuable tracts of aurife- rous giound. The Union Company, of Diamond Creek, about 17 miles only from Melbourne, held their half-yearly meeting in Melbourne a few weeks ago, and from the report which was presented, it appeared that from about the end of July last year to the time of holding the meeting, the company had crushed 947 tons of stone, producing l,759oz. 17dwt. 6gr. of gold, being an average yield of loz. 17dwt. 4gr. per ton. The gold was of a high value, producing over £4 per ounce. Other aurife- rous land has been discovered at Berwick, a township about 28 miles from Melbourne, but sufficient is not known of it as yet to form a decided opinion respecting it. If the ground should prove profitable, it will not only be bringing gold mining nearer to Mel- bourne than it has yet been prosecuted, ex- cepting at Diamond Creek, but it will lead to the establishment of a gold-field in a part of the colony not hitherto generally thought to be auriferous. ' A strike of working minéis took place a j feAV days ago at Stawell, Avhere most of the I claims are largo ones, owned by shareholders 1 and Avorlced by wages men. The strike was ' to secure the rule of eight hours labour as a I day's Avork in the mines. The claimholders appear to be willing to cede Avhat the mon 'askfor in regard to time, and some of them have offered to do bo if the miners'wages aro II educed to £2 8s. per Aveek from £210s., the Avages of trackers and trimmers to remain as before, namely, at £2 0s. Tho terms mon ¡tionedwere considered at a meeting of the Miners' Association, and they wore rejected. As the parties havo now so nearly mot each other, it is honed that tho disputo Avili be .speedily settled. , Flying reports by the overland telegraph ? are constantly being received to the effect that there aro iioav really substantial grounds for believing that there aro gold-fields in the neighbourhood of Port Darwin, but our Vic- torian diggers who Avent there somo months ago, on the faith of reports circulated re 'specting gold-mining, have not yet forgotten tho swindle perpetrated upon them, by which they lost much valuable time and money in their fiuitless journey, and it will require very highly authenticated reports in future . from Port Darwin bofore another rush of Victorian diggeis occurs to that place. Gold-mining here, like coal-mining in Great Britain, is attended Avith many dan- gers, and very few days occur without tho gold-fields neAV.panel s recording the death of one or moro illinois through accidents. These accidents happen in various ways ; in somo cases by tho earth in Avhich the men aro driving falling upon thom and crushing them to death ; in otheis by water being struck ; and in otheis by the ropes employed to loAver and raise the miners breaking, as Avell as by defectivo machinery and appli- ances. During the past few weeks there has been more than a usual share of such dis- asters, and it seems as though they Avili con- tinue until the miners can bo bl ought to use moro caution than they do at present. The oldest miners, through their familiarity with .their occupation, appear to bo the most in ,cautious, and it is they who are most likely, to be the subjects of the accidents. AGRICULTURE. The bulk of tho harvest has been secured, and for the most part in excellent order. Threshing is nosv proceeding, "and, as usual, disappointment is felt by many grosvers at the yield. In some districts, l8 bushels svill be the average yield of wheat, instead of the expected 25 ; in others 12 or 15, instead of nearly 20. We hear of actual results of threshing being as high as 25 bushels per acre on certain farms, and on others of 28, 35, and 40 bushelB having been garnered. As these exceptionally good yields are mado public, an enoneous impression is very liable to get abroad. In the piesent season the nesvly- broken-up country has furnished a large number of excellent crops, which will raise the general average, but on much of the old-worked land the results have not been nearly as good as anticipated. Until our harvest returns have come in we shall be unable to estimate the probable average of our principal crop. Meanwhile, from South Australia we learn that the yield has been similarly over-estimated. It is now said that tliB average is not likely to exceed 12 bushels, instead of 17, the previously-estimated number. Oats in Victoria have been a very shy ci op, excepting in one or tss-o districts. Of barley tho acreage has been limited ; the qualities have been chiefly feeding, very llttlo malting being grown, on account of the damage sustained by the superior soits from tlio invasions of caterpillars. In both colonies the Government agricul- tural statistics are in process of collection, so that six sveeks hence, perhaps, the public may bo in possession of approximate results. The raids of locusts in some places, and of grasshoppers in others, are still continued ; in one place it is said they may be shovelled up in large quantities. They have certainly been moio widely diffused than in any pre- vious year, and as they are nosv reproducing their species in large numbers, anxiety is naturally felt with regard to the future. As they appear to have como from the svarmer paits of Australia, those nosv in the south will be likely to perish from the comparative severity of the svinter ; hut the cause of their numbers hashing for several years in- creased at a compound rate remains unexplained, and it would appear that these colonies possess no entomologist who has ability to find the clue. It is nosv certain that the yield of sviue in Victoria will be diminished to a serious extent by the black-spot disease and oidium. Whilst many of the vineyards have either escaped or been kept free from the mildosv by the liberal use of sulphur, others are re- ported to have lost the greater part of their ci op. The wet weather during the last fesv weeks appears to have assisted the vines to throsv off tho mildosv ; es-en where no sulphur has been used they are nearly clean, but much of tho fruit has been irretrievably damaged. The weather is at presont un- favourable for vintage operations, but should the month of March prove fine, as it fre- quently does, the quality may not be very greatly below the average mark. MEAT-PRESERVING. The report of the directors of the Australian Meat-preserving Company, which described the state of affairs up to the 27th January, said that since the date of the last balance sheet, circulated amongst the shareholders on 24th August, 1872, there had been slaughtered and preserved 36,188 sheep and 237 cattle, making a total of 65,691 sheep and 1,212 cattle since the commencement of active operations on 20lh March last. The continued high price of live stock, and the incieased and still increasing cost of other materials, had operated seriously against the inteiests of the company, and caused the diieclors much anxiety as to the most judi- cious course to be pursued. It svas, hosvever, considered advisable to keep the svorks going, even under the difficulties mentioned, and that the result had justified this course would be seen by reference to the profit aud loss account, Bhosving a credit balance of £1,720 15s. 7d., which it was hoped ss'ould, under the -circumstances, be considered satisfactory. The diiectors regretted that they could not as yet report much progress in the sale of the company's meats in London, but as the agents wrote most favourably respecting the quality and con- dition of the meats, there was every reason to anticipate their realising prices svhich svould leave a surplus upon their estimated value. At the third half-yearly meeting of the Riverine Meat - preserving Company, the directors reported that since the last half yearly meeting the operations of the com- pany had been suspended for a period of three months and a half, in consequence of the high prices ruling and the inferior condi- tion of the stock. About the middle of. Oc- tober business had been resumed, and since then had been continued on amoderate scale. No favourable opportunity of working up to ¡ the fullest extent would be lost. During the half-year lhere had been slaughtered 12,000 sheep and 120 cattle. The profit and loss account not being so satisfactory as formerly was accounted for by the cessation of svork already alluded to. The valuation of meats and tallow had been taken at a moderate rate, and there was every reason to expect that a surplus ss'ould arise on realisation, which would increase the profits of the com- pany. The company's agents had reported most favourably "on the quality of the meats that liad reached the London market, and for which the highest prices had been ob- tained. The business remains at a standstill on account of the high price of stock. Indeed the time is a trying one for many of tho com- panies, and may prove as disastrous as Hie dulnesB in the demand for preserved meat, svhich about two years ago rendered it un- profitable to manufacture. At present, when a fair price can be got, the sheep are not to be purchased from the grazier at a reason- able price ; and the companies which have not actually ceased to svork, only carry on at a nominal rate. A considerable portion of ' the sum requisite to enable Mr. James Har , rison to test his process of preserving meat by means of ice, has been collected ; and before the next mail leaves, no doubt the first shipment will bo made. Sheep not only continue very high, but then condition is poor, and the yield of tallow is fatting off, in consequence of the grass being so new, and therefore affording but little nourishment to the animals. The Melbourno Meat-preserving Company is only working four days a week, and not full time then. Tho Australian Company intends to close its svoiks entirely when the present stock of tins has been filled. The shipments to tho i United Kingdom in the last four ss-eeks amount to786,8511b., of svhich 231,9001b. me fiom the Melbourne Meat- preserving COm ' pany, and 131,7001b. are transhipments from New Zealand. Complaints have reached us from homo that tins of Australian meat are sometimes not exactly up to weight ; and some are as , much overweight as others are under. It must be at once admitted that Victorian | meat-preservers find it difficult, if not im . possible, to achieve perfect uniformity in the i weight of their tins. The same weight of I uncooked meat, put into cans of exactly the , same dimensions, will sometimes turn out, , when ready for the market, some few ounces 'above or below Gib., or 41b., or 21b., as the case may bo. The manufacturing practice is 1 to put 61b. lOoz. of meat into the Gib. tins, 41b. 17oz. into the 41b. tins, and 21b. 4ioz. into tho 21b. tins, in order to próvido against the loss 1 of weight which occurs during the cooking 'process. And this generally is ample, tho tins when finished proving lather ovor than under the intended sveight. Somo manufac 'turers let all ovenvoight tins go for the I weight they were intended to bo, and sell thoso of less weight, bo the deficiency ovor so 'slight, ns if Jib. short. Others charge for | excesses, as well as allosv for deficiencies, i On one point the European consumer may rest assured-the Australian meat-preserver ? never intentionally sends out his tins defi- cient in weight. Ile has nothing to gain and much to lose by such a practice. An ounce or two of beef or mutton is nothing to him, wheieas to permit his manufacture to fall into discredit svould be utter ruin. It is pos- sible that the íetail shopkeepers in England, svith whom tho consumer directly deals, may sometimes endeavour to snatch an undue advantage by selling as full woights tins sold to him as something less than full woights ; but the buyer can easily protect himself against frauds like this by insisting upon his purchase being submitted to tho arbitrament of tho scales. THE WEATHER. The summer, svhich is nosv drawing to a close, is s(¿ll maintaining its charactor for unusual humidity and lossmess of tempera tuie. Thero have been some days tho sultriness of svhich has boen equal to that experienced iu past Februarys, but they have been very few, and cool, cold, or dull weather .has speedily followed. The variations of temperature have, in fact, boen extreme, and diseases of the lungs havo been, conse- quently, prevalent to an unusual extent. The highest temperature in the shade, 102-4°, at Melbourne was recorded on the 16th inst., and the loAvcst, 47-l°, on the 31st ult. There have been some severe thunderstorms all over the colony. On the 9th inst, during one of these visitations, hailstones fell at Castle- maine, some of which weighed 2Joz. each. Of course immense damage was dono to vegetation by the downfall of such pieces of ice. A very violent thunderstorm passed over Melbourne on the evening of the 18th inst. Several of the shops in Elizabeth Btreet, one of the leading thoroughfares, Avere flooded, and one or two persons narroAvly escaped drowning:in the gutters of a street intersecting it. The total rainfall recorded at the Melbourne Observatory since the beginning of the year is 6_lin., which is moro than has fallen in tho same period in any year since 1801. THE LABOUR MARKET. There has been no lack of employment during the past month in most of tho trades. The unusual demand for vvorkmen in the iron trade, consequent upon tho activity of shipbuilding operations in Sydney, has ceased, and that trade may be considered slack just now. Prospects continue goodin the building trades. The clothing factories are in full SAving Avith winter orders now, the temporary Blackness between the tAvo seasons having been passed over, and Avages aro firm at rates quoted below. Very little is doing still in the meat- preserving Avay, and this affects both the cooper and tinsmith trades, but the former aie now working at orders from the Avine trade for largo casks and tuns, to be ready for the coming vintage. Tho agitation among the working bakers has so far resulted in no radical-change, and the movement appears to be assuming a better aspect. Apparently masters and mon Avili be able to come to some satisfactory arrange- ment as to the hours Avithout any violent measures being resorted to. Last month it Avas stated that the strike among the steve- dores' men had been smoothed over by the steA-edore Avho was complained of giving Avay to the men. Messrs. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. have determined not to be dictated to by the men as to Avhether sailors were to bo employed asAvell as lumpers in discharging, and they, therefore, discharged two ships in their own Avay by obtaining outside men Avho performed the Avork satisfactorily. In other quaiters, the men haA-e gained the day for the pi osent, and Avili not work if sailors are also employed. There has beon a more serious strike, which has not yet ended, amongst miners in the employ of various companies at Stowell, The men in a largo number of claims Avorked 10 hours per day, and received £2 10s., but they desired to Avork only eight hours at £2 10s., as other companies worked only eight hours. The companies offered £2 5s. as the minimum, but the miners refused to take less than £2 10s. for eight hours' labour. Many of the companies gave Avay .to the men s demands. On Monday, the 24th inst, it Avas expected that most of the remaining companies Avould give Avay. Regarding do- mestic servants, the demand for good female domestics is brisk. Tho folloAving are the rates of Avages paid : Domestic Servants.-For ToAvn-House- maids, £2G to £30 per annum ; female cooks receive from £35 to £52 per annum, malo do. 20s. to 70s. per Aveek ; nursemaids, £20 to .630 perannum; laundresses,£30to£40 perannum. For Hotels.-Cooks, male and female, £50 to £100perannum; housemaids, £30 to £35 perdo. For Stations-First-class married couples for home stations, £60 to £80 per annum ; second class do., Avith children, £40 to £50 per do.; cooks, £40 to £52per do.; housemaids, £30 lo £35 per do. For Farms-Men cooks, £40 to £52 per annum ; married couples, £50 to £60 perdo.; female general servants, £25 to £3> per do. Waiters for hotels, 15s. to 30s. per week : grocers' assistants, 15s. to 30s. do.; general store do., 20s. to 40s. do.; drapers' assistants, 30s. to 40s. do.; nursery 'governesses, £30 to £40 per annum ; finishing do., £60 to £80 do. Station nands.-Droveis, from 15a. to 25s. Ïier week ; grooms and stockmen, 20s. do. ; arm servants and ploughmen, £40 to £50 per annum. The following Avages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen aro without rations, unless where specially mentioned : Building Trades.-Stonemasons and plas- terers receive 10s. per day ; carpenters from 8s. to 0s. do.; slaters, 10s. to 11s. perdo.; bricklayers, 10s. perdo.; labourers, from63. to 7b. per do. ; pick-and-shovel men, 6s. peí- do. Tlie day's woik is eight houis. Bootmakers.-The trade continues brisk, and most of the manufacturers are in full work. Forrivetingchildreii'sbootsaslowasGd. per pair has been paid, and Is. for women's, lOd. for boys', and Is. 3d. for men's boots ; and about the same lates for finishing. In the íetail trade the rates paid remain about the same. In a few of the best shops the rates paid are-Wellingtons, 10s. ; elastics, 7s. 6d. ; closing, 8s. First-class men for ladies' boots aro scarce. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. There are no regular hours for work in this trade, but the workmen adhere to the decision that 10 hours shall constitute a day's woik. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per Aveek ; boys, 15s. to 20s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to DOs. per Aveek ; small-goods men (pork butchers) re- ceive 30s. to 40s. per Aveek, Avith rations, superior men receive moro. Brassfinishors and Coppersmiths.-There is a full supply of labour in this trade. The average rate of Avages paid is 10s. per day, the payment being 15d. per hour. Really good brasshnishers are Avanted. Cabinetmakers.-The average earnings of good tradesmen is 9s. per day, though somo superior hands get higher Avages. Second class workmen earn from 35s. to 40s. per Aveek. ' Coopers.-Most of tho work in this trado is done by the piece ; the Avages fixed by tho tiade aro 10s. per day of 10 hours. Tallow casks aro mado at 5s. Gd. for thirds and 4s. 6d. for fourths, Avhich latter are now most made. Coachbuilders.-This trade is noAV brisk. Smiths receÍA-o fiom £2 10s. to £3 10s. per yveek. A few hands earn ns high ns £4 per Aveek. Bodymakers-Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good bands are from £2 10s. to as high as £4 per week. Wheelers-Most of this work is done by the piece ; the Avages mado aro from £210s. to £3 10s. lier Aveek. Painters receive from 9s. to 12s. por day. Trimmers earn from £3 to £3 10s. per Aveek ; and vyee mon from £2 to £2 10s. per week. Good tradesmen can get full woik, and good bodymakers are scarce. Tho day's Avork in this trade is 10 hours. ClothingFaotories.-Thedull time between the finishing up of the summergoods and the commencement of the Avinter orders is over, and all tho houses aro in full work. Where the Avork is done on the premises, thoAvages eamed¡aro as follow :-Tailorcsses, from £1 to £115s. per week ; prossers, £2 to £2 15s. and upwards. From 12s. to£lis eaniod at shirtmaking in factory hours, but tho greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. lo 30s. per Aveek in factory hours, fiom 9 till6. Raw hands aro plentiful, but good practised girls aro in demand. Farriers.-First-class firemen get £2 15s. perAveek; door-men recoivo £2 ßs.perdo.; inferior Avorkmon receive from £110s. to £2 per Aveek, Farriers for the country recoivo from 20s. to 30s. per, Aveek, Avith their board mid lodging. In some parts of the country tho prico of shoeing has boen raised from 7s. and 8s. to 8s. and 9s. Grooms in livery stables got from 30s. to 40s. perAveek ; coachmen receive from 40a. to 60s. per do. Gaidcncrs.-The Avork in this trade is never very highly paid. The best men for situations near toAvn get from 30s. to 42s. per Aveek Avithout rations ; for situations in tho country, 20s. to 25s. per week with rations ; inferior hands lcceive about 15s. per Aveek, Avith rations. Hatters.-Bodymakers recoivo 20s. per dozen: finishei-s, 21s. per dozen; simpers, 6s. to 12s. per dozen ; crown sewers, Cs. per dozen ; trimmeis, 8s. per dozen. The market is not overstocked, but Avorkers aro not scarce. . ,, Ironworkers.-Tho mcreaso m the wages paid of late owing to the demand for trades- men in Sydney has fallen off, and business is slnck. The rates paid are as follow: Boilermakers, smiths, litters, and turners, 10s. to 12s. per day ; labourers, 6s. to 7s. per do. Jewellers.-In the manufacturing jevvellors establishments tho Avorkmon receive from £2 15s. lo £3 15s. For tho finer work tho AvagcB lange from £5 to £6 per Aveek. Good tradesmen can get full employment. Good seal engravers ai e scarce.and can earn as high as £G to £8 per Aveek. First-class jewellers' onamcUers aro much Avanted. The Ai'ork is h'ghly paid and not well done. Enamcllcrs can make the same wages. Hair workers and jewel-case makers aro also much wanted. There is not an opening for a large number of men in these trades, but the sup- ply of good tradesmen is short. Miners.-The average rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hour shifts ; breaksmen cet a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in dear sinking, for pit svork, get £2 10s.; ordinary quartz-miners get £2 5s. per week ; engineers receive £3 to £3 10s. In Bendigo, most of the ss'ork is done on tribute. In Alexandra, Maryborough, and Dayles- ford, miners receive £210s. per sveek. Most of the work in Gipps Land is done by con- tract ; where wages are paid, the men receive from £210s. to £3. Navvies.-The rate paid the men employed on the North-Eastern Railway is 9d. per hour. Painters and Glaziers.-Fair tradesmen re- ceive from 8s. to 10s. per day. This trade is fully supplied, and business is rather dull. Plumbers and Gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Printers.-The rate paid in this trade is Is. per 1,000. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers aro paid £210s. to £3 15s. per week ; binders, £2 to £3 per week; paper miers, £3 to £3 10s. per sveek. The demand for Jabour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully supplied. Stevedores' Men, &c.-Lumpers; get 12s. per day when in work. Engineers in tow-boats and donkey-engino drivers receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Work irregular. Sailors receive £5 per month in sailing vessels, and £6 per month in steamships. The men resolved to demand £8 per month for homesvard-bound vessels, but were un- able to obtain it, and have gone back to £5. Saddlers.-In the best shops there is plenty of ss'ork for good tradesmen. The earnings are about £2 10s. per sveek. The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well, and ss-ages vary from 25s. to 30s. per week. The work in this trade is nine hours per day. First-class men are wanted. Half-taught youtlm are lcndily obtainable. Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmen receive 40s. to 50s. per week ; shedsmen, 42s. to 45s. per do.; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecess'ork, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Tailors.-In first-cIasB establishments the rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £210a. to £3 per week. In faetones the rates vary, tho men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths.-Oss'ing to the meat-preserving companies not being fully employed, a good many men in this trade aro out of work at present. In the trade, the rate is fiom £2 10s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Watchmakers.-The general rate of svages in this trade is £4 per week, though some of the superior workmen get as high as £6. RAILWAY RETURNS. The traffic returns on the Victorian Rail, ways for the week ending Fobruary 20,1873, show an increase over the amounts received or the corresponding period last year, viz., the week ending February 22, 1872, in all branches of traffic. The receipts from car- riage of passengers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mailsT are £4,620 13s. Id. against £4,23912s. 8d. received last year, showing an increase of ¿3810s. 5d. The carriage of mer- chandise, minerals, and cattle yielded £7,919 10s. 8d. against £0,269 Is. 9d. received last year, giving an increase of £1,650 8s. lid. The total receipts for the week are £12,540 3s. 9d. against £10,50814s. 5d. for the same week last year, the increaso thus being £2.0319s. 4d. The aggregate returns to date from July 1 aro £455 496 10s. 7d., against £421,501 5s. Id. received during the same period last year, shosring an increase of £33,992 5s. Gd. Tho weekly average for 34 weeks was £13,396 19s. Id., against £12,397 3s. 8d. last year, showing an as-erage weekly increaso of £999 15s, öd. The number of miles of railsvay nosv open is 338, against 259 open at the same time last year, giving an increase of 79 miles. The number of passengers carried during the week in 1872 was 22,396, and in 1873, 23,176, the increase during the week this year boing 780\. The following statement shows tho gross revenue of the Victorian Railways nom the 1st Januaiy in each year to the dates in each year given belosv, viz., receipts fiom traffic to 18th February, 1869, £77,189 0s. 7d.; to 17th Februory, 1870, £74,433 6s. 8d.; to 23rd February, 1871, £83,021 4s. 6d.; to 22nd February, 1872, £90,G2111s. 10d.; to Febiuary 20th, 1873, £95,776 14s. 9d. The traffic returns of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railsi'ny Company for the four sveeks ending 20th February, 1873, show an increase os'cr the returns for the four weeks ending 22nd February, 1872. The passenger traffic yielded £7,741 14s. 9d. against £7,3415s. lid. for the same week last year, shoss'ing an incicase of £400 8s. lOd. The goods traffic yielded £1,155 18s. lOd. against £3,020 Is. 5d. last year, giv- ing an increase of £1,135 17s. Bel. The total îeturns for goods and passenger traffic for the sveek are £11,897 13s. 7d. against £10,3617s. 4d., gis'ing an increaso of £1,236 6s. 3d. in the present year. The aggre- gate receipts from January 1 to date are £22,598 6s. 2d. against £20,893 11s. lid. for the same period Inst year, the increaso this year being £1,70113s. 3d. The weekly average this year is £3,10114s. 5d, against £2,75910s. 8d. last year, the increase in the average during the present year being £342 3s. 9d. THE VOLUNTEERS. The Victorian Rifle Association, tho prin- cipal object of svhich is to encourage rifle practice, and, as a consequence, obtain pro- ficient marksmen in the colonial corps, held its annual meeting in Melbourne on the 13th inst., Major Stokes occupying the chair. The council of the association in their report congratulated the members on the con- tinued usefulness and prosperity of tho association, as evidenced by tho increased number of members, the greater amount of rifle practice, and the general increase of entries for the rifle matches. They stated that they had given oarnest attention to the markers butts, and had adopted the Bystom of marking by discs only, throo kinds of discs being used-viz., a white one to denoto a bullseye, a red one a centre, and a black one to indicate an outer. The position and value of the shot wero by that plan shown simultaneously with its mark being washed out. Tho system, thoy said, had boen found to work well. The council considered that the tenure on which thoy held the land at the Sandridge Rifle Butts, on tho const of the bay, was vory unsatis- factory, as any future Minister of Lands might wish to sell it, and they re- commended that no offorts .should be spared to obtain its permanent reservation. They also informed the members that arrangements had been made for the initia-, Hon of an annual'intercolonial match, svith Government weapons, between Nesv South Wales and Victoria, and as it was feared that a sufficient number of Martini i Henry rifles could not bo got for tho Victorians for the contest this year, it waB suggested that both sides should fire with Sniders. At tho same timo it had been resolved to renew the intercolonial small- bore match bctsveen the colonies, and it svas believed there ss'as every prospect of both matches coming off towards the closo of this year. The balance-sheet showed an incomo for the year, inolusivo of a balance of £162 , 4s. 5d. from provious year, of £1,979163, lid., i and there svas a balance loft to credit at tho end of the year, after allosving for all ex- penditure, of £32 16s. The report and balance-sheet si'ere adopted unanimously. An official court of inquiry svas hold'at tho Military'Barracks. Mclbourno, on the 18th , inst., to investigate the conduct of Çaptnin ' n. Gillbeo, of tho East Melbourne Volunteer Artillery, with reference to the proceedings of a svoman of the tosvn named Annie Britton, Tho court consisted of Lioutonant- Colonol Mair (president), Major Moule, and Major Couchman. Captain Stubbs aclod on behalt of tlio colonel-commandant. The svoman named was arrested on Saturday evening, tho 25th January, for creating a disturbance in Bourke-streot, by marching dosvn tho street attired in somo portion of the uniform and accoutrements of Captain Gillbeo, svho sho stotcd ss'as at her houso. At tho polico court Captain Gillbee mado a "tatoment donying that he was in tho vs'oman's house at all. Ho explained that he obtained permission to go to the íear of tho adjoining house, occupied by a respectnblo man whom ho knew, and that his sword and cap, svhich ho left in tho front loom, svoro taken during his absence. Ile was called upon by the volunteer autho- rities for an explanation of his conduct, and, nftersomo little difficulty, svas granted a court of inquiry. At the court ho reiterated his previous explanation, tho effect of which svas damaged considerably by admissions mado by him in answer to questions. Ho called tsi'o witnesses, whoso evidence was unim- portant, and was desirous of calling othoi'B, but they did not attend. One, a man named M'Donald, was present at the commencement of the proceedings, but he vanished before he could be examined.' It avos stated by Captain Stubbs thut M'Donald avos a con- victed thief, discharged a few months since from Pentridge prison, and also that Kerr, a mau to whom Captain Gillbee referred, was a connexion by marriage of Annie Britton, the notorious woman Avho was tho cause of the disturbance. The inquiry was not concluded, when, on the application of Captain Stubbs, Avho desired to examine some Avitnesses, the court was adjourned until Tuesday, the 25th inst. Tho Avoman Britton had been pre- viously dealt Avith by the magistrates, who ordered her a month s imprisonment, a sen- tence against Avhich she appealed to the Court of General Sessions Avithout remedy, as the sentence was there up- held. At the . adjourned inquiry held by the court on the 25th inst. ovidence was given showing that Captain Gillbeo went into her house, and she came in shortly afterwards, and a bet of £5 Avas lrfado be tyvecn bim and another man that she would not daie to Avalk down Bourke-street as far as tho Theatre Royal, calling at two public houses on the Avay, wearing his cap and SAvord during the walk. The inquiry avos concluded, and the Court found Captain Gillbee guilty of conduct most unbecoming his position as an officer of the Volunteer force. The report~ was forwarded to the Executive Council, and the Governor in Council has since discharged Captain Gillbee from his position in tho volunteer force. An inquiiy is now being made into charges of insuboidinotion which have been brought against some members of the Geelong Artil- lery Corps. The insubordination is stated to have arisen from an official order, uniting two coi ps nt Geelong into one, and directing thom to assemble m an orderly-room, built by the subscriptions of only one"corps. Somo of the members of the latter corps appear to have disliked the amalgamation, and thoy used words to the oflicers of the corps Avhen spoken to' by them, Avhich, if allowed to pass unnoticed, would be altogether sub- versive of military discipline. In the coursa of the inquiiy Gunner Bennett Avas found guilty of insubordination, and an order has been made by the Governor in Council direct- ing his discharge. The inquiry is still pro- ceeding with regard to the conduct of other members of the corps. RACING. The most important ovont which has taken place in connexion Avith tho turf in Victoria during the past month, Avas the annual meeting of the Geelong Racing Club, a fix tuie Avhich always attiacts considerable attention, for several reasons, the principal being that the prizes offered aro sufficiently liberal to draAV into competition for them the best racing blood of the* colony. The races carno off on the Geelong course on the 30th and 31st January, and the sport was excel- lent, the animals in most of the events being so evenly matched as to produce closo and exciting finishes. ThcieAvere five races on the first day-a Maiden Plate, tho Geelong Handicap, a Novel Race, a Haudicap Hurdlo Race, andaSelling Stake-themostimportant of Avhich Avas the Handicap, with a stake of IOOsoa-s., and a sweepstake of 5 so vs. each. A good field of 12 horses turned out to con- test the Handicap, the favourites at starting being Clodhopper, Count, mid Planet, in the order mentioned, and following thom Bluo Peter, Leo, and Valentine. The race was won by Leo, a South Australian tlneo-year-old colt, by Leonidas ; but the Avinner had to straggle most severely towards the end of the running Avith Valentine, Avhoin ho only succeeded in beating by about a length. On the second and last day of the meeting there Avoro five events, two of Avhich Avere the Geelong Cup, a handicap of 10 sovs. each, Avith 250 sovs. added, and the Handicap Steeplechase, of 150 sovs., Avith a sweep of 5 sovs. each added, For the Cup there Avere 12 competitors, most of Avhom ran in the Handicap of the proA-ious day. The manner in Avhich Leo won the Handicap made bim first favourite for the Cup at starting, tho betting being 5 to 2 against bim, 4 to 1 against Valentino, and 5 toi against Misty Morn and Quack, the latter of whom, as the winner of tho last Melbourne Cup, carried 8st. 121b., tho top weight. The favourite fully justified tho confidence placed in bim, and Avon the race easily ; Quack, Avho was second, ran very gamely, being unable to reach Leo near enough to make his victory a hard ono. Tho Steeplechase was not over-interesting, owing to Marquis of Lorn, Avho started first, going off with tho lead, keeping it all through, and Avinning by 15 lengths. The gathering next in importance to that of Geelong was the Beechworth annual meeting. Becchworth'isa gold-fields town in the north-castcm portion of the colony, and the inhabitants of it and the district around provided prizes for three days' racing. Tho weather on each day Avas splendid ; lhere were good fields for each event, and the racing was excellent. At the same time as the Beechworth races woro being run, the people of the Ararat district in the north- western pait of the colony brought off their fixture satisfactorily, there being good at- tendances on the two days of the meeting, laige fields, a course in capital order, and close racing. The other events which came oil' during tho month woro the Ballarat Miners' Races and Croxton-park races. The Tasmanian Champion meeting, which .was held at Launceston on the 18th, 19th, and 20th inst., although occurring in another' colony, is intimately connected with Victoria in conscqitince of its attracting some of the best Victorinn horses this year, as it has dono in all previous years m which it has been held. Tho Champion Cup, a woight for-nge lace for 300 sovs., with a sweep of 15 sovs. each, was ran on the fust day, there being only four boises in it, narady Loo, who lopiescntcd South Australia; Bluo Peter, a Victorian oyvned horse ; and tho voteian Strop, and a black maro named Morrytoos, to do battle for the island. Loo's running at Geelong made bim first favourite, and Blue Peter was next fancied, Avhile tho local boises wore considered to havo only an off chance. The race Avas a three-mile one, but it Avas not till the greater part of the distance had been travelled that the real straggle took place, and then Leo and Peter sailed clean aAvay from tho others, and wound up Avith a splendid set-to, which re- sulted in Leo being landed the victor by half a length. The time Avasöm. 59s., which I shows that tho pace was only moderato during the earlier part of the running. On tho socond day, tho Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap of 100 sovs., one milo and a half, was Avon by Loo, with Blue Peter second, and, on tho third day, Avas the rare for the Tasmanian Turf Club Derby, ono 1 mile and a half, the competitors being Bluo Peter and Leo. Both horsos raced nock and neck till near tho finish, and Avere trying to ran one another down ; but on entering a dip, which had boon lately filled up with soft earth, thoy stumbled. Peter fell on his knees and recoveied, but Loo slipped tho small 1 bone of his off' fore -leg from tho cannon bono tat the base of the foot, and Blue Peter Avon .as he liked. It Avas thought that Leo's racing career was ended, and groat regrot was felt for his ownor, as the horso had proved himself to bo of the vory first class, and was backed heavily for tho Australian and Sydnoy Gold Cup. Tho latest iicavs, liOAvever, is that ,the hoiso is doing Avell, and may porhaps bo able lo lace again in about nine months. OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS. , February in Victoria is a month Avhich can almost always be depended upon to furnish good Aveather for out-door amusomonts, and though during this month thero havo boon some heavy rains and storms, they havo not materially interfered Avith the sports common at tills season of,tho year. The first of those sports is cricket, Avhich is oxtonsivoly playod in the neighbourhood of Melbourne and in most pails of the colony. Tho numerous clubs in Melbourne and suburbs wore busily, at Avoik this month on Saturdays with matches, and on the ovonings of other days Avith practico; and thoro has boen one match for aohallcngjMup between our two principal clubs-tho Mllpourne and East Molbourno -which has offordod particular gratification to the public, Avho mustered to the extent of al least a couplo of thousands on the threo Saturday afternoons on Avhich it was played. Tho game commenced on tho 1st inst., when tho Molbourno mon scoicd 110 in their fiist innings, thoir opponents making 2!) with the loss of threo wiclcelB. On the noxt Sattuday, the ground being drier and in bettor oidor than on the previous Avook, East Mclbounio incicased thoir scoro to 140, thus heading their opponents by 3(i runs ; bul tho advontago Avas nibbed off beforo tlio after- noon Avas over, by Molbourno having 09 placed to ils credit, with tho loss of only one Avickot. The thud day of tho match Avas the 15th inst., when the ground was in splendid oidor foi- scoring, mid such an exhi- bition of batting was afforded by both sides as was never before witnessed in this or any other colony. In order to tryand finish the match on that day, the teams commenced play at half-past 11 o'clock, and kept on, with the exception of an interval for lunch, until a quarter past 6 in the evening. The innings of the day was made by Mr. Fanning, a young gentleman who learned his cricket in England, and became a member of the M.C.C. in the present season. It may be said that there are few players in Victoria who can bat like him when once he gets bcyond the prelimi- nary overs necessary to familiarise a batsman with the bowling and with the ground. The next best innings was considered to be that of Mr. Elliott, a member of the East Mel- bourne Club, who, prior to this match, occu- pied a place in the first eleven of the club for his wicket-keeping qualities only. He showed such excellent batting skill during both innings of the match, that he has since been selected to represent Victoria in the Inter- colonial Match with New South Wales, which commences this day. Mr. Fanning, who went in sixth man, carried out his bat with a score of 113, and Mr. Elliott had scored 55 when he was bowled. At one period of the afternoon two of the East Mel- bourne men, Goldsmith and Gaggin, scored 53 in 15 minutes, and in the six hours during which batting was carried on, 395 runs were obtained. Melbourne scored 305 in their second innings, and East Melbourne had 159 to their credit in the second innings, svith only five wickets dosvn, ss'hen the stumps were drawn. The match was not finished, owing to several players in each club having to leave Melbourne in the follossing sveek, to represent Victoria at Sydney in the match with Nesv South Wales, anil the East Mel- bourne club, who hold the cup (having won it from the South Melbourne), handed it over to the Match Committee, svho appointed the South Melbourne and Carlton clubs to play the first match for it, the winners to be open to challenge from other clubs. The South Melbourne v. Carlton contest svos com monccd on Saturday last, but no progress was made ssith it, in consequence of wet weather. The eleven who havo left Victoria to play against Nosv South Wales are AUee, Boyle, B. B. Cooper, Cosstick, Carr, ' W. Campbell, Elliott, Fanning, Gaggin, Gibson, A. Loughnan, and Mr. Midwinter ' accom- panies thom as scorer or emergency. The team is not tlie_ best eleven that Victoria could furnish, as several players, who would haye been selected if they could have gone, have not been able to spare so long a time from thoir business avocations as the long voyage to and fro, and the necessary stay in Sydney entail ; but they are a good eleven, and will most probably hold their osvn with the best team New South Wales can furniBh. Bowling is a game much affected by the seniors of Melbourne and the suburbs, in which there are a number of clubs who assemble daily for practice. On Saturday, the 15th inst., there was a grand bosvling tournament for a trophy betsveen the West Melbourne, Melbourne, Fitzroy, Richmond, Carlton, and Prince Alfred Clubs, in which, after the clubs had been pitted in tsvos against each other, the final contest lay betsveen West Melbourne and Richmond. In ploying off, West Melbourne proved the winners by five points, and thus hold the trophy for the present year. Many gentlemen residing near the coasts of the bay nosv keep their private yachts, and there is no doubt that the pastime will be- come still more fashionable before long. The first club sailing matches of the Victoria Yacht Club took place on Saturday, tho 1st inst., when a large number of spectators assembled on the St. Kilda pier and espla- nade, from whence an excellent view of the contests was obtained. The race svas thrice round a course marked out. The distance was estimated at nearly 20 milos, and was done by the various yachts as hero stated : Mystery, sailed by Mr. A. Mackay, 2h. 20m, 30s. ; Queen, sailed by Mr. Turnbull, 2h. 22m. ; Naiad, sailed by Mr. Macgregor, 2h. 28m. ; Mischief, sailed by Captain Coffee, 2h. 29m. 30s. ; Secret, sailed by Mr. Kissano (time not taken). The Mystery svas declared the winner. _ MUSIC. Since our last writing there has been a varied series of musical events, and some of these have had a special character. Notably so the open-air concerts given in the Botanical gardens for the benefit of the building fund for the Hospital for Sick Children. One of these took place on the afternoon of Satur- day, the 1st February, at which the musical performance svas entirely instrumental. The second, but much more important affair, took place in the same gardens on the evening of Thursday, the 13th inst. The moon was at the full, and the weather very fine. The gardens were artificially illuminated by means of coloured lamps, and in this re- spect the effect was very pleasing. There were about 4,000 persons present, which was a large attendance, considering the price charged for admission. There was a nu- merous and highly efficient orchestra present, under the direction of Mr. J. Siede, and open-air vocal music was contributed with great success by the Melbourne German Liedertafel, whose ranks for this occasion were strengthened by accessions from the choir of the Melbourne Turn-Verein. Every- thing in connexion with this event chimed in so well with the public sense of propriety that the managing bodies of other charities in Melbourne have since then shown great eagerness to use the same means to their own advantage. At the Melbourne Athenæum, which is the new title given to the old Mechanics' Institute since its recent re- organisation and enlargement, Mr. John Hill, on the 3rd inst., commenced a series of promenade concerts. In these he was supported by the very efficient orchestra from the Prince of Wales Theatre, and by Mr. Schott, Miss Christian, Mrs. Smythe, Miss Pitts, Miss Howarde, and Messrs. Donaldson, Donnithorne, and Fur- long. Only seven concerts were given. They commenced with little attention on the part of the public, but their general merit was such that the final performances were well attended, and they were brought to a con- clusion without loss. Their chief attraction was Mr. Hill's masterly playing as a solo violinist, and Miss Christian's admirable singing, On Saturday, the 15th, Mr. T. H. Guenett gavo a concert at the same place. ThiB gentleman is a newly-arriveel pupil of Mr. Charles llalli, and ob an organist, pianist, and song-svriter, has displayed an ability svhich has made for bim a favourable place in public esteem. Ho is a con- scientious player, who takes most laudable caro that his author shall be undorstooel in all that he performs. There svas only a small attendance, as is customary here at high-class concerts when artists unknown to fame make their first appearance. Mr. Guenett svos assisted hy Sirs. Cutter and Mr. Vcrner as vocalists, and by Mr. John Hill. Tho great success of the evening svas a masterly performance of tsvo movemonts from the " Kreutzer Sonati" of Beethoven, by Messrs. Hill (violin) and Guenett (piano). Mr. Rickards' company, including Mrs. Fox and Mr. Henry Hallam, in the musical-hall line of business, have drasvn around them a .numerous audience at the Apollo-hall. Tlio tsvo societies-namely, the Melbourne Musi .cal Union, under Signor Giorza, and the Intercolonial Musical Festival Society and Mr. Siede, both of them dating their founda- tion from the close of the recent Inter- colonial Musical Festival-are nosv in full work and steady rehearsal. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society have Barnett's "An- cient Mariner" in rehearsal for the second performance of that composition on Easter Mondnyjiexttttthe'IWn-hull. TheJIelbourno German Liedertafel gave their fifth anni- versary enteitainmcnt on the24th inst., svith great success. The principal performers were Mi's. Cutter, Miss Christian, Mrs. Hor witz, Mr. Guenett, Mr. Luudborg (clarionet), mid Miss Blandió Lundborg, the young daughter of the gentleman last named, who promises to become under her father's tuition an excellent pianist. Suburban concerts for charitablo purposes, at svhich first-class professional names appear, continuo to be given as usual. The LyBtcr and Cngli Italian Opera troupe have iccently returned from Nesv Zealand, and the prosjfcctiis for the Melbourne opera season of 1873 has been issued. The lyric drama lins found a nesv home in the Prim, of Wales Theatre, which has been within the last fesv days purchased by a nesv proprietary company, and is nosv undergoing extensive alterations to fit it for the different uses to svhich it is intended to put it. It svill bo henceforth Itnosvii as "The Opera-house." The com- pany is the same as played hero last yea-, with the exception that Signor Grandi lias finally left the stage, and that the eminent basso singer Signor Susini has been engaged. In addition to thoso operas svhich in Mel- bourne are looked upon as "stock," ss'c are promised during the approaching season, which commences on the 8th March, the following works, namely :-Rossini's " Mose in Egitto" and "William Tell," Halevy's "La Juive," Apolloni's "L'Ebreo," Mar chetti's "Ruy Blas," Meyerbeer's "Prophet," and Donizetti's " Poliuto." THE THEATRES. Tho principal theatrical event of tho month has been the representation at the Theatre Royal of Mr. W. S, Gilbert's mytho logical comedy of "Pygmalion and Galatea." The success Avhich has attended its produc- tion has been beyond all anticipation, and tends to confute the idea entertained by some theatrical managers that nothing but burlesques or sensational melodramas are acceptable to Melbourne audiences. The theatre has been filled nightly, and now, after the 14th or 15th repetition of the piece, the attendance is rather on the increase than otherwise. The comedy is firmly es- tablished in public'favour, and will pro- bably run for some time longer. The prin- cipal characters have been very capably filled. Two talented young actresses, Miss Shepparde and Miss Caiey, have taken the parte lespectively of Cynisca and Galatea, and they have been very favourably cri ti- _ cised. Pygmalion was acted by Mr. Apple-' ton, and Mr. Coppin made a great success of tho chaiacter of Cluysos. Mr. H. R. Harwood, after an absence of nearly two yesus, made his reappearance in the pait of Leucippe. The pantomime at this theatre was withdiawn after a successful ran of over six Aveeks. Up to the night of its withdrawal" it continued to atti act large audiences. The dramatic season "t the Prinoe of Wales was biought to a con- clusion by some fareAvell performances of Mrs. Mary Gladstane, Avho appeared in a round of her favourite chaiacters. During the closing week she played in " FrouFrou, "Queen Elizabeth,'1 "Camille," "East Lynne," "Masks and FaceB,"and "London Assurance." This lady has now been in these colonies over two years and a half, and has during that time sustained many and very diffeient characteis with great ability. Her representation of Queen Elizabeth is considered an unrivalled peiformance on the Australian stage. She purposes, it is under- stood, visiting England, with the intention of appealing on the London boards, and there can be little doubt that her abilities Avili entitle her to take a high rank in the profession there. Mr. Rickards' comique company havo re- ' ceived a considerable amount of patronage at the Apollo-hall, and Rainford's troupe of minstrels has attracted good audiences to St. George's hall. Mr. G. R. Ireland, a favourite .Melbourne actor, has been seriously ill, but is noAV recovering. Mr. B. Fairclough, a tragedian of some repute, and Madame Legrand, who are under engagement to Har- wood and Co. at the Theatre Royal, arrived by the Lincolnshire, and avUI appear shortly in Shaksperian characters. The proposition to-establish a theatre in Collingwood, the largest suburb of Melbourne, has been revived, and an effort is being made to bring the scheme to a successful issue. DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS. The following are lists of the deaths (ex- clusive of natives) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred hospitals since our last summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of tho deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : - MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. Abercrombie, James, overseer, aged 40, native of Scotland; arrived in 1872 by the Shaftesbury ; died F'ebruary 17 of hemiplegy. Ah Eyin Small, aged 20, native of London ; arrived in 1870 by the Fulwell ; died Febru ary 10, of syphilis. Bannock, Bridget, domestic, aged 30, native of Ireland ¡ arrived in 1864 by the Annie Wilson ; died February 3, of tumour. Foley, Ann,-aged 55, native of Ireland : arrived in 1854 by the Ascendant; died January 31, of cancer. Fracknell, James, labourer, aged 50, native of London ; arrived in 1847 by the Lloyd's ; died February 16, of dysentery. Fitzpatrick, Michael, labourer, aged 56, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1856 by the Janies Baines ; died February 20, of phthisis. Giles, Richard, hawker, aged 27, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1868 by the Tornado ; died February 3, of phthisis. Hirst, Catharine, aged28, native of London ; further pal ticulars unknoAvn ; diedTeb. 6, of alcoholism Hunt, John, labourer, aged 39, native of Hampshire ; arrived in 1850, Dy the Thomas Fielding; died February 8, of morbus cordis. Hughes, William, seaman, aged 24, native of Wales ; arrived m 1869 by the Ulcoats ; died February 16, of phthisis. Isaacs, Ann, aged 47, native of Scotland, arrived in 1871, by the Tory ; died February 9, of exhaustion from drink and poisoning by laudanum. Milner,Mary, agedBO.particularsunknown; died January 29, of chronic alcoholism. Murphy, Mary, domestic, aged 28. native of Ireland ; amved in 1864 by the Annie Wilson; died November 3, of phthisis. M'Nulty, James, painter, native of York- shire ; arrived in 1850, ship unknoAvn ; died Febmary 4, of fracture of the skull. Moran, Julia, aged 39, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1852 by the Prince Arthur : died February 7, of dysentery. M'Cabe, Patrick, labourer, aged 31, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1862 by the Boaneiges ; died February 8. of morbus cordis. M'Clive, Marlin, engineer, aged 67, native of Glasgoyv ; arrived in 1859, ship unknoAvn ; died Febmary 8, of fractured skull. Murphy, Margaret, domestic, aged 30, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1859 by the Rodney ; died Febmary 13, of phthisis. Neyer, Jean, draAvingmastar, aged 44, na- tive of Austria; ship and date of arrival unknown ; died Febmary l8, of Btricturo of the urethra. OnsloAV, William, schoolmaster, aged 35, native of Surrey ; amved 1864 by the Lon- don ; died January 28, of peritonitis. Prout, Silas, seaman, aged 48, native of Plymouth ; arrived in 1856 by the Salsette ; died February 8, of strangulated hernia. Patourel, Henry Le, fanner, aged 34 ; native of France ; an-ived in 1854 by the Secret ; died February 12, of concussion of the brain, Poynter, Horace, miner, aged 43, native of Fiance ; an-ived m 1851 by the Windermere ; died Febmary 15, of diarrhoea. Spackman, Win., labourer, aged 29, native of Kent ; an-ived in 18G8, ship unknown ; died February 6, of cancer of the face. Thruda, Charles, pastrycook, aged 24, native of Germany ; arrived in 1872 by the Ayrshire ; died February 15, of phthisis. Welsh, Margaret, domestic, nged 27, native i of Ireland ; arrived in 1866 by the Fitzjames ; i died Jnnuaiy 30, of phthisis, Wood, George, miner, aged 52, native of Essex ; arrived in 11852, ship unknown; died Fobruary 8, of I carcinoma. Wyndham, James, schoolmaster, aged 31, native of England ; arrived in I860, shin unknoAvn ; died February 9, of alcoholism und congestion of liver and lungs. > Waltcis, 1 Elizo, aged 50, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1853 by the Orwell ; died Febmary 19, of cirr- hosis of liver. , ALFRED HOSPITAL. Beck, Sarah, aged 50, native of Dublin; arrived in 1840 by the Eliza ; diodFebraaiy 15, of morbus cordis. Oliver, Thomas, aged 31, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1855 by tho Emma ; died Febnmiy 8, of tetanus. ' Ramsay, James, aged 40, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1861 by the Star, of India; died Fcbniury 12, of dysentery. Whitten, Robert, aged 46, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1852 hythe Harry Lorre_ucr; died January 28, of carcinoma. INTEECOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The second. reading of tho Legislative Council Bill has been moved. The measure, as we mentioned sometime ago, is to convert tho Council into an elective body. No ono expects the bill to pass this session, because othei measures have prevented the Legisla- ture fiom giving it duo considération, Tho genoial Estimates havo been voted. Tho loan estimates agi eui to aro the follow- ing:-Towauls tho constmction of a lino from Goulburn to Wagga Wagga, 174 miles, at £6,500 a mile, £1,131,000; for the con stiuction of the line fiom Kelso to Bathurst (including a bridge acioss the Macquarie), £60,000; for the construction of a line fiom Bathuist to Oiange, 40J miles, at £6,000 a milo, £279,000; for the construction of aline fiom Muuurandi to Tamworth, COI miles, al £0,000 per mile, £361,500. Total amount proposed, £1,831,500. A sum of £1,000 has beon appropriated for the expenses of a special commissioner, who is to visit Washington, U.S., to negotiate a postal treaty for the Pacific lino, and after Avaids visit England to ai lange for tho new sei vice. Mr. Samuel, the Postmaster-General, is likely to bo the special commissioner. A direct line from Sydney to San Francisco is preferred to a line via New Zealand. The NeAV South Wales Governmenticfuse to have anything to do with Webb's line-that which at present carries the mails bctyveen New Zealand and California. An Intercolonial Exhibition will bo held in Sydney in April. Facilities will be given for showing the resources of the various colonies in live stock, and agricultural and pastoral exhibits. The exhibition will beinteicolonial in chnincter, and even somo of tho American states and New Caledonia will compete. An end Avas put in the fust Aveek in the month to the strike amongst the coal miners at Newcastle, who had done no work since the 1st January. The proprietors were about to place on men, obtained from Sydney, when * 3rms were arrived at. The associated mas- ters intimated svh t conditions they wouhl agree to, and the miners then made them an offer, as follosvs :-" To resume svork for the year 1873 at 10 hours and a half, and from 1st January, 1874, at 10 hours, and on the same terms in accordance with such other respects as were in existence on the 1st day of January, 1873." The proposal was accepted. The price of coal has been raised to 12s. a ton, and under a sliding-scale the men reccis-e an extra 3d. per ton svages. If the agreement liad not been made at the time it was serious distill bances would, no doubt, have arisen, for the miners at some mines intended to have prevented the employment of outsiders. The ai rival of the steamship Victoria^an addition to the fleet of the Australian Steam Navigation Company-svhich has mado the passage from London to Sydney in 70 days, strengthens the opinion that large cargo steamships could be run profitably betsveen Australia and San Francisco. The Victoria steamed the whole way out ; she consumed less than 600 tons of coal, and did 'not need to call anywhere for fresh supplies. She brought 1,800 tons of cargo. Vessels of this class, but a little speedier, would do exactly for the Californian line. An atrocious murder was committed in Sydney barbour early in the month. , An old woman, named Elizabeth Bodella Lee, mother-in-law of G. T. Gerrard, landlord of the North Shore Hotel, Circular Quay, was the victim. She left the Circular Quay at about half-past 9 o'clock on the night of Saturday, the 1st inst., for the North Shore, where she lived. A man named Thomas Scource undertook to ferry her across. When they had been gone a short time cries of distress were heard by persons on board several ships, but the cries did not seem to indicate anything very serious, and no one attempted to lower a boat. Scource returned to the quay at midnight, with his boat sails smeared with blood and stains on the blades^of 'his oars, and next morning the dead body" of Mrs. Lee was found in the barbour. The waterman maintained that ho had landed his passenger safely at the North Shore, but of that there was no evidence. He was not sober when he started, and the boat which he conveyed Mrs. Lee in belonged to another waterman. One or more witnesses, at the inquest, identified Scource by his voice as one pf the parties in the boat from which the woman's cries came. He has been con- victed of murderand sontenced to' death. An old man named Michael Dynan was cruelly outraged near Bathurst last month,' by seven or eight young fellows, some of them blacksmiths' apprentices. He was walking, or rather staggering, along the road with a heavy mattress on his shoulders,1 when, for what they called a lark, they pushed him dosvn. As soon as he got up they pushed him down again ; and they carried the carne on until the old man sus- tained injuries which caused his death. He was under the influence of drink at the time. Seven young men, whose ages ranged from l8 to 28, were apprehended and com- mitted for trial on the charge of man- slaughter. Weather of an extraordinary character for this season of the year has been experienced in New South Wales during, the last day or two. On Tuesday the heaviest rainfall over known in Sydney occurred. No less than 4in. fell during the morning, causing'a heavy and destructive flood in the streets. The rain has been heavy and continuous all over the colony, and tho enormous quantity of 15in. fell in Sydney in three days. The City Council of Sydney have received a portrait of Her Majesty the Queen. It svas painted for the council, with the permission of HerMnjesty.from apnvate portraitin Buck- ingham Palace of the Queen in the robes of state. SOUTn AUSTRALIA. The new Governor, Mr. Anthony ' Mus- grave, of whose appointment the Govern- ment have bceu apprised^ by telegraph, is expected to arrive in May. The Exhibition commissioners met with encouraging success in their efforts to collect contributions for London and Vienna. The mineral specimens svero numerous and valu- able. There were also wines, svheat, flour, oil, preserved meats, photographs, "prepared fleeces, dried fruits, preserves, &a; Great pains were taken svith the mineral speci- mens and tlio exhibits of wool. ' The harvest promises to be a good one, but not so rich os was expected a month ago. The yield is likely to be 13 bushels to the acre on the average, instead of 20. In some places the yield has been 30 and 40 bushels. The accounts of revenue and expenditure for the past year show that the colony is sloss'ly but surely recovering the ground lost through a succession of bad svool and svheat harvests. South Australia enjoys tho dis- tinction of being one of the least, if not the least, heavily taxed of aU the Australian communities, and, as a consequence, her an- nual income looks very small by the side of that of some of her neighbours. During 1872, tho Treasury receipts from all quarters only amounted in round num- bers to £700,000, tosvards which the sum contributed by customs-the only lona fide form of taxation prevailing in the pro- vince-was £257,000, or about 2Gs. per head of the population. The rents of Crown lands biought in £78,451, postages and tele- graphs £43,000, against an outlay of £80,000 -an enormous discrepancy, attributable partly to the expense of organising the over- land telegraph service ; railsvays and tram- ways, £88,700, against an expenditure of £84,500 ; waterworks, £22,400, against an out lay of £5,300 ; and land pales, £14G,042. The total disbmsements for the year reached £700,000, a slight advance upon tho revenue. Tho sum devoted to immigration ss'as miser- ably small, but the payment of interest and principal upon loans absorbed close upon £150,000. The whole of the £314,000 borrowed for the overland telegraph has been dis- bursed with the exception of sometliina like £20,000. Defalcations to the amount of £G00 have been discovered in the accounts of Mr. J. S. Bcllhouse, accountant in the Railsvay depart- ment, Adelaide. He systematically em- bezzled moneys for nearly 15 months., ; The Adelaide Meat-preserving Company's half-yehrly report shows a profit of nearly £700, and states that 30,000 sheep havo been preserved. THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. ; The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Reynolds) is about to visit the Northern Teni tory for the purpose of bringing the Land Act which was framed for this portion of the colony into operation. Part of his mission is to go to the Dutch settlements, across the ' Straits, to see whether immigration can be promoted, and a mail service established. No disposition has yet been manifested in the Bouthcm parts of Australia to colonise the ,new territory, or to take advantage of the very easy terms which the Government offer to all who choose to become settlers ; but a little time is lcquired. The development of tropical Australia de- pends very much on the introduction of cheap labour ; and Mr. Reynolds intends, it is said, to make arrangements, if possible, for the supply of coolies from Timor and Batavia. Information is to bo collected as to the condition of the pearl fisheries on the noi th coast. Fintherexplorations havo taken'place in the interior. The Daly river has been fol lowcd np for 100 miles, and the land on cither bank is described as the finest yet ex- amined. At the highest point reached the stream was 200 yards wide, and navigable by small vessels. Intcicst in the gold-fields of tho far north has been revived by the appearanco of a digger at Port Darwin si'ith 22oz. of alluvial gold, some of it in lödsvt. and 25dsvt. nuggets. Tho quartz minéis are at a standstill for svnnt of machinery. One party has sent an agent to Victoria to proem e tho apparatus ssOiich is so much needed. Ile gives a better occount of the prospects of the mines than the diggeis who have bid farewell to North Australia; but there is no gainsaying the fact, that the climate is hot, and the seasons trying, TASMANIA. The construction of the main line is pro- ceeding slowly, on account of tho want of labour. Tho contractors have not been able, to procure as many workmen as thoy ex- pected. The Customs returns for 1872 show a veiy gratifying increase in the trade of Tasmania for that year, as compared with the returns for 1871. In the value of imports there svas an increase of £20,095: of exports to tne extent of £169,125. The follosving figures shosv svheic the increaso in the exports occurred :-0,249 bushels of svheat, 6,114 bushels of oats, 18,829 bushels of fruit, 99,211 packages of jams, 248 tons of liny, 741,3081b. of wool, lind. 3,721 tons of baik. Thcro was a decrease in the quantity of flour, potatoes, timber, and dairy produce exported m 1872, but,on tho svhole, the returns shosv'a very sound and improving state of trade ; and the grain crop this year is far in excess of the yield of last. The works of the Tasmanian Charcoal-' iron Company are progressing rapidly, and ought nosv to be nearly finished. A patent hydrogen furnace has been erected. Good progress has been made at the Ilfracombe mine, in the same locality, at Ilfracombe Bay. Both companies have laid dosvn tram svays on a 2ft. Gin. gauge. A convent has been opened by the Roman Catholics at Launceston. QUEENSLAND. The construction of the Brisbane and Ipswich railsvay has been commenced, and, after several years of hard fighting, the metro- polis of Queensland is to be connected with Ipssvich, the Dariing Dosvns, and the south, western portion of the colony by railway communication. The turning of the first sod of this line took place on the 30th January. His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby performed the ceremony, and in a speech which he made on the occasion he said : "I believe this is the time when ss'e should extend our railways, but at the same time I wish to point out that we are not so for behind our neighbours in work of this kind as some may suppose. In New South Wales I find there are 304 miles of railway, which cost upwards of £6,300,000; and in Victoria there are 271 miles, which cost £10,104,000. In Queens- land ss'e have 218 miles, which cost about £2,500,000. We have, therefore, nothing to be ashamed of." The first sod of the exten- sion of the Northern Railsvay was turned on the same day. The ship Polmaise, bound for London from Rockhampton with a full cargo of wool and colonial produce valued at £60,000, ss'as wrecked on a reef at the south- west of Masthead Island. The news reached Rockhampton on 27th Januaiy. The loss of the vessel svas attributed to the strong current setting in tosvards the island. The vessel ss'as a complete wreck. The pas- sengers and cresv reached Keppel Bay safely. The Southern Insurance Company had £31,000 on the Polmaise ; all but £5,000 has been re- insured. The National had £3,000,"- Pacific £1,000, and Sydney Insurance Company £1,700. 6,000 cases of preserved meat were lost. Mr. Wm. C. Ives, late a councillor of Bal- larat East, and who left Ballarat for Charters Towers 'at the time of the rush to that locality, has returned for crushing plant and mining materials, svhich he means to take back with him to Ravenssvood, where he has been engaged in quartz-mining, ne speaks well of the prospects of Ravcnssi'ood, and says that the reefs, though very thin, are rich, and that ' as much as lOoz. to 12oz. to the ton have been obtained from the pyrites ; but that at present the means of ss'orking the reefs are very primitive, and the batteries are overcrowded with Btone, more crushing plant being urgently needed. The diggers at Charteis Towers are in a state almost of starvation from shortness of provisions, and that there is a great deal of sickness there, principally due to the drinking habits of the community. The country is a difficult-one to travel in, as pack-horses have to be en- gaged to carry even comparatively light swags, and swollen rivers have to be ssram, in the absence of fords and bridges. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Three ships have sailed from Fremantle for London-the Fitzroy, Zephyr, and Bridge- town-carrying full cargoes of wool, ores, timber, and pearl-shell. The export of pearl-Blicll is increasing in value; latest accounts report that the better qualities of Fieman Ile shell realise as much as £1215s. per csvt. The lead oie amounted to 343 tons, and parcels of copper and iron ores have also been exported. The iron ore, it is hoped, svill in future prove an ai tide of large export, for it is of unsurpassed quality, and easily obtainable. Mr. L. C. Burges, svho was found guilty of manslaughter for shooting an aboriginal in the northern district, and sentenced to five years' imprisonment, has had his punish- ment commuted to one year's imprisonment by diiection of the Earl of Kimberley. Fiom the North-Western settlements there is but little news, and no further murders havo been committed by the Malays. The take of shell, so far, has not been equal to last year, hut the svool crop has been good, though lessened in quantity by the loss of about 8,000 sheep in the hurricane Bome monthB Bince. A slight shock of earthquake has been felt, ond is reported to have lasted about one minute. The settlers are anxious about the approaching hurricane season, but they have nosv much stronger houses than those which were lately destroyed. NEW ZEALAND. The condition of nativo affairs has re- mained unchanged during the past month. Another of the interminable series of native meetings svas held during the last week inr January at Maungatauteri, at svhich over 2,000 natives of various tribes, Hau Hau and friendly, wero present. His Maori Majesty, King Tawhio, was expected to honour the meeting by his presence, but he did not show publicly. There was a large amount of war dancing and feasting, the pigs being, as usual, slaughtered in a most cruel manner by has'ing their heads battered ss'ith bludgeons, and their eyes poked out by the women with pieces of stick. The Kings Primo Minister and general, Resvi, a man of very high stand- ing and great ability, openly confessed that the nativeB had been wrong and foolish in going to war in times past svith the svhite men. Resvi and his follosvers still, hosvever, desire to hold aloof from the whites as far ob possible. They object to the sale or leasing of land, and refuse to sanc- tion tlie formation of roads or railsvays, or the erection of telegraphs. They desire, in fact, to remain perfectly isolated, and to rest contented with what they have. The meeting broke np without any definite result being arrived at. The Friendlies firmly resisted tlie persuasions of the King ites, refusing to make demands upon the Government which the Kingites urged. Mr. M'Lean, the Nativo Minister, has settled the confiscated land difficulty at Patea, and ss'as about to proceed to the Tuhua gold-field svith the object of inducing the natives to cede it. If successful in his endeas'onv, Dr. Hector ss-ould be sent to survey the field, and Mr. M'Lean intended to proceed afterwards to Auckland, svith the viesv of getting a large meeting of the natis'es tosettlotheconfiscated lands question, and the terms of the general amnesty. ' ' Mr. M'Lean recently paid a visit to the West Coast for the purpose of setting aside certain reserves for the use of the released Maori prisoners, and to make regulations for their settling there. The natives are quite satisfied svith the liberal reserves set apart for them, and Hie Government has advanced a sum of money to the Chief Tauroa in order that ho and his people may pinchase agricul- tural implements and devote themselves to peaceful pursuits in futuie. His Excellency Sir George Bosven has been making a faress-ell tour thiough the colony, previous to his departuie for his nesv seat of government. He has been accoided an enthusiastic reception. He arrived at Wel- lington on the 4til inst., and svas expected to íetuin to Auckland about the latter end of the month. Theio ss'ill bo a grand leave taking by the Maories at Ngamasvahia, in the Waikato, beforo His Excellency takes his final departuie. The despatch containing his official appointment as Governor of Vic- toria s\as couched in veiy complimentaiy telina, no leaves for Sydney, cn route for Melbourne, in Mai cb, and his successor, Sir James Fergusson, svas expected to arrive in Wellington emly in the same month. In tho inters'al the Government will bo ad ministeied by the Chief Justice, Sir G. A. Amcy. Nothing of importance has occurred in political cheles. Pailiament docs not meet until April 15, and tsvo of the principal mem beis of the Ministry have boon absent in Sydney attending the Intercolonial Con- ference. Mr. Hall, si'ho resigned Iiíb seat in the Cabinet, intended to proceed to England svith Iiíb family from Lyttelton, in the Lady Jocelyn. Mr. Waterhouse svould undertake the Colonial Secretary's work. The dissatisfaction svith the agent-general's conduct of affaiis in England continued. The Government had resolved on follosving the ej'amplo of Victoria, and appointing a London Boaitl of Advice to assist the agent gcneial. Itsi-ns, hosvever, scarcely likely that Dr. Feathcistone would appioyc of their aiiangement, and an open luptuic was evi- dently drawing near. The Government at Wellington telegraphed to Dr. Feat helston, exmcBsingsuipiisc athis not having officially iniuiincil thom of his illness, anil still gicatci smpiibe at his appointing Mr. Mollison to act for him after lccciving intimation that Mr, Mon ¡son's resignation altogether svas de siiable. Positive instiuctions JirvYC now been given to dispense with Mr. Morrison's ser- vices. The Government wish Mr. Julyan to ? act when Dr. Featherston is unable. The Governor had received a despatch from the Imperial Government expressing its sense of the services of the Fox Ministry by a deed allowing Messrs. Fox, Vogel,' M'Lean, nnd Gisborne to retain the title of honourable for life. The returns of Customs revenue for the quarter ending on December 31 showed a total for the colony of £210,807 against £193,097 for the corresponding period of 1871\. For Dunedin the total was £59,007 ; for Oamaru, £905 ; and for Invercargill aud Bluff, £6,716. The free schools av ere opened at Welling- ton on the 3rd of February by the Education Board. They were completely rushed, more applying for admission than it was possible to accommodate. Indignation meetings have beon called at Auckland to protest against the payment of the education rate. The tender of the Auckland Packet Com- pany for a monthly mail service from Auck- land to Fiji, at £100 per trip of 28 days, had been accepted, subject to approval of tho vessel by the superintendent of Auckland. The contractors proposed the Star of the South. The N. Z. S. S. Company's tender for a' Fiji service, starting from Port Chalmers, and calling at all ports to Auckland, Avas£600 per trip. TJie Auckland Steam Company propose starting their first steamer early in April, under contract for Fiji. A discovery of immense coal deposits Avas mado by the Government survoy party at NgakaAvaho, Avliile cutting survey lines for Dr. Hector. Tavo seams Avere 5ft. thick, one 14ft., several others 15ft., and one 20ft. At least a thousand tons Avere available by merely shifting loose surface soil. It Avas all true black coal. Some experiments Avith iron sand at Auckland Avere highly successful. Tlie Band yielded 90 per cent, of malleable iron, at a cost of about £5 per ton. A com- pany to Avork the process avos to be imme- diately formed. , At Dunedin the man Ryan Avas committed for trial on the charge of shooting Detective Farrell Avith intent to kill. During the hearing of the case a letter in the prisoner's handAvriting to Detective Farrell's wife avos put in, and 24 letters from Mrs. Farrell to the accused. The letters Avere not read in Court. Very heavy Aveather has been experienced in New Zealand. A storm did considerable damage to the shipping along tho Auckland coast, and blew down houses and fences in the country districts. The Auckland and Waikato Railway Avorks were in- jured by a heavy gale on the 7th inst. A large fire took place in Colombo- street, Christchurch, on the 14th inst., totally de- stroying six shops and one house. The esti- mated loss was £3,000. The new theatre at Wellington avos opened on the 13th inst. A company to work the Grey coal mines had been started at Wellington. The stock of the National Bank of NeAV Zealand Avas offered for subscription. The number of applications m Auckland amounted to 14,119. For tbeAvhole colony the shares to be allotted number 33,333, to be divided amongst nine provinces. The applications for shares far , exceed the number reserved for distribu- tion in that colony, and the enterprise is re- garded as quite a success. The Harbour Board at Auckland, New Zealand, have in- vited applications for a loan of £100,000, in 5 per, cent, debentures, on securities named by act of Parliament. The debentures Avili be issued as folloAvs :-£25,000 on the 10th of July, 1873, 1874, 1876, 1870, to be repaid by sinking fund of 1 per cent, interest and prin- cipal, payable in either London, Australia, or New Zealand. The returns of the crops in the southern provinces had been on the whole reasonably satisfactory. Messrs. Brogden and Co., the great English contractors, had been rather unfortunate since the system of open tendering for public Avorks had been , introduced. Several contracts had been advertised, but they had all been carried off by local contractors. Messrs. Brogden Avere greatly dissatisfied, and laAvsuits between them and the Government Avere likely to eventuate on a grand scale. FIJI. The internal condition of the kingdom of Fiji continues to be unsettled, and thero seems to be every probability of the occur- rence of some serious crisis in the immediate future. Disaffection to King Cakobau's Go- vernment is on the increase, and the national exchequer is almost in a state of bank- ruptcy. The Fiji Times asserts that 85 per cent, of the white settlers ask for annexation of the Fiji Islands to Great Britain, and it is also said that a large majority of the native population is in favour of that movement. Of course, all the disaffected Avhite settlers are not of British origin, though most of them are ; but amongst those Avho are not, annex- ation to the British empire is by no means unanimously desired. There is a Prussian, for instance, amongst the shareholders of the Polynesian Company who is enthusiastic in favour of the incorporation of Fiji with the German Empire. But however affairs may ' ultimately end in this direction, there is a minority both of the Avhite and native popula- tion of the islands which desires the mainten- ance of the integrity of the kingdom of which Cakobau is at present nominally the apex. This minority, at all events among the white population, consists of men many of Avhom are animated by a desire to establish a king- dom, Avith slaA'ery for its corner-stone. Not Avithstanding the determination evinced by the British Government to suppress the glaring iniquities of the South Sea labour trade, these men doubtless think that, if they can maintain the existing institutions for a time, they Avili ultimately bo able to have their own way. Had it not been for British cruisers, they Avould probably long ere this have dealt in a decisive manner Avith the disaffected. The old King, too, must recol-' lect, and he has perhaps shed many tears' over the memory of, the days Avhen he Avas' accustomed to dispose of his enemies in the , form of fricassees. But though the lives of the annexationists and refonners may not be ' in imminent peril, fears are generally enter- tained1 in Australia that a crisis and anarchy are impending in Fiji. In the published minutes of the Intercolonial Conference, recently held in Sydney, the following para- graph occurs:-"The question of Her Ma- jesty's Government assuming the protec- torate of the Fiji Islands was discussed, and it Avas resolved that the state of affairs in the Fijian Islands urgently demanded, in the in-' * terestof the Australasian colonies, and in that of the British Empire generally, the imme- diate attention of the Imperial authorities." ' The paragraph is certainly not of a A'ery defi- nite character, but it tends to indicate the opinion of the leading men of the Austral- asian colonies Avith regard to the present state of affairs in Fiji. At a meeting recently held in Levuka, resolutions were agreed to in which it Avas said that the time had at length arrived when every right-minded' Avhite man Bhould come to the front, de- manding and claiming his rights. It Avas determined that the Ministry bo asked to dissolve Pailiament forthwith, as the ma- jority of white electors had no confidence in the present Government. At Tai Levu a meeting was held, and a resolution carried, "That the meeting has no confidence in the present Ministry, and is of opinion that tlie present fonn of Government, or any Govern- ment that can be formed among ourselves, or by the native chiefs, is and will he too poor and inadequate to carry on the affaira of the country in a satisfactory _ manner, and to establish its credit, which is of vital impor- tance to our welfare." The natives are, equally Avith tho white settlers, dis- satisfied with the present condition of affairs. In a letter dated 1st Febru- ary, the Levuka correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes as follows : " The natives, nom the highest to the lowest, aro thoioughly disgusted at finding that when-as they were invited to do by Great Britain-they are endeavouring to form a government for their ten itoiy upon British models, the subjects of Her Britannic Majesty aie everywhere not only resisting their endeavours, but in many places tiying to seduce even the native chiefs themselves fiom their allegiance. They say, and appa- rently with tmth, that all the whites want is to make the Fijian a stranger and a ties passcr on his own land ; thal when a Fijian does wrong to a white man there is an out- cry till he is punished, while no matter what a white man may do to a Fijian, his punish- ment is a thing not to bo expected. In shoit, that tho only result to themselves, ns far as they can see, is that they aie taxed more heavily than they havo ever yet been. To a continuance much longer of these things they cei tainly will not submit. If Great Britain is prepared and desires tocóme in and take possession on such tenus as will secure the interests and properties of the chiefs, and the lights, freedom, and piotcction fiom all violence and vviong of tbe native population, and keep all white men in peifect subjection, there will be little oi no difficulty in arrang- ing as to theteims; bul if Great Britain is not prepared to do this, she must say so al once, so that both the whites and the natives may knoiv Avhat they have to expect ; uud such ns-if annexation be not accepted further resist the establishment of law and order may be cither sent out of the country or effectually punished. Unless these mat- ters are aeon to at once, and the intentions and views of the British Government stated in the most clear and distinct manner, there will probably ere long bo such an outbreak that there will be no saying where it will end." . , Consul March is leaving the kingdom, but he has written to deny an assertion which had been made, that he had been recalled by the Imperial Government. Ho is by no means popular in Fiji. Endeavours aTe being made to establish a Bank of Fiji, with a capital of £100,000, in 10,000 shares of £10 each, half to be paid up during the first six months, and the residue only as and when the bank shall be autho- rised to increase its capital, it being intended for the present to keep half the capital un- called up. It is proposed that one-tenth of ' the shares shall be subscribed for in Fiji, six-tenths in Australia and New Zealand, and the remaining three-tenths held in reserve for future allotment. The Fiji Times of January 29 6ays : " The shares of the Bank of Fiji have been taken up very freely in Levuka. On Thurs- day, when the applications were opened,- we leam that 500 shares svere applied for by parties in Levuka. This number represents nearly 25 applicants, and amounts to exactly half of the number of shares proposed to be allotted in Fiji. The time in which applica- tions can be received has been extended, so as to give settlers outside the. capital an opportunity of applying. Sanguine of suc- cess, it is proposed to send an agent to Auckland ' to further the bank's interests theie. It must certainly be gratifying to the originators of this movement to see the suc- cess which has attended their schemo' in Levuka ; but if they wish to make the affair a jeal success they -svill require a good deal of support from outsiders in the shape of scrip holders. Of ourselves we have not the means to establish a banking institution, and it ia only in conjunction with capitalists else- where that we can hope at all to establish one. We have a large and remunerative field for banking operations, only requiring a company to step in and reap a golden harvest." The same journal also gives some account of the manner in svhich the Government of Fiji conducts its financial affairs. In July, 1872, an act was passed to establish and define a legal tender of money in Fiji, the fifth clause of which states that at anytime after the expiration of six months after the passing of the act, all Treasury notes then current and in circulation shall be payable on demand at the Treasury in gold or silver coin. On the day on ss'hich the three days' grace elapsed, the journal says :-"A large muster of note-holders took place at the Treasury, ss'here money ss'as paid out for about half an hour, only about 20 fortunate ones receiving any cash, when the bank ' broke,' and' sus- pended payment. Those who came after had the honom of leaving their names svritten on a piece of foolscap, with the solemn assurance thathe would pay them to-morrosv. To several svho interviesved him, the Treasurer' stated he had been expecting to receive taxes which had not come in, but on their 'receipt he would take up as many notes as possible. The people went away satisfied-that they could not 'get blood out of a stone,' but very sceptical as to when any future payments would be made. Yesterday afternoon, in vccordnnce with the Treasurer's announce-i ment that they si'ere to 'come again to-mor- rosv,' a large number assembled at the Trea- sury at 2 o'clock, only to be ' sold' a second time. The Treasurer sent word out that his 'ship hadn't come in,' for them to como again, as he could not possibly pay their claim just then." The follosving extract from a private letter recently received from Fiji, has been pub- lished ;- . ' ? " Ba Coast, Fiji, 8th Jan. ?'I see your papers have ^noticed the re- fusal of the natives to pay head taxes ; no one here wonders at it, nor svill you svhen you read tin's explanation. There are in these islands at least 50,000 adults, whose head taxeB vary from £2 per annum to 10s., the average being quite £1 per annum, which has to be paid in money, making £50,000. Nosv, as at least four-fifths of this money has to come from the planters (that is, £40,000) hosv can the Government be so stupid as to expect it to be paid, when the total value of cotton exported by all the planters in the group is only a 'little over £100,000. If the Government had im- posed a uniform tax of 2s. a head, they svould very likely have got every penny of it paid, or m other words a revenue of about £5,000 per annum, which is somewhere about the amount that the combined planters pay for goods, &c;, to the natives, in the course of a year. I and all sincerely trust that Eng- land or the colonies may annex Fiji ; and then you will see what a jump it will take. It is a splendid country, and only svants capital to des'elope its resources and send it ahead." Some of the mountaineers (says the Fiji Times) of the big land are again be- coming restless and tmbulont, and shosv ing decided proclivities for killing, the assurances of the Government to the con- trary notwithstanding. Some coast na- tives of Nalosva district went some short distance inland, to trade with the Navuan people, and as the natives were leaving on their return a treacherous attack waa mado upon them, when some half-dozen people weie killed. The Levuka correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes that "there are rumours of troubles likely to arise .with Maafu, who has not given such support to the Government as he promised, since he found that its effect has been to seriously reduce his dignity and power, and that he has no chance of tlie throne in any event. If these rumours and anticipations are well , founded, a collision betsveen Cakobau»and his viceroy is far from improbable; but although Maafu will in such a case give some trouble, there is little doubt that Cakobau svill very soon, ns things are now,.stamp:out the disturbance effectually, and that,! as there never has been ,much real love betsveen thom, I His Majesty willinot.be sorry, ito have an i excuse for so doing." , > A native chief has committed suicide at i Ba under distressing circumstances. Tui 1 Rukua, of Beqa, had been arrested and I brought over to Bau by some Hesvan officers, 'but < waa ignorant, as uto- the nature of 'the t charge , against' bira. > He svont to Cakobau, and asked the reason of his , aviest, but Cakobau pleaded ignorance. The i Beqa chief then remonstratecLsvith the King, ¡ saying that it, svasi the second- time the i Resvans had arrested him, having once kept | him a prisoner atiResva for a period of 12 months, andithat this second degradation was more,than he could bear. .The morning I after this conversation he was «found dead, having hanged himself in a small out-house. I An inquest was held on the body before a magistrate and a mixed jury, when a verdict , was,returned to the effect that deceased committed suicide whilst in a fit of tem- porary insanity. On the 6th Januaiy, Tomasi Navunisinu, together with his family and others, started on a canoe voyage from Vuda to Resva. The company encountered a heavy gale and svere all di owned. Tomosi svas a Wcsleyan native minister, and had just changed his ciicuit when the accident occuricd. He only arrived in the leewaid islands leceutly by the mission schooner Jubilee. M. AchillesDevaine, a Frenchman, who svas one of the Garde Mobile, and assisted in the defence of Paris during the lecent siege of that city, has died in Fiji. His death resulted from a wound in the head received by him during the siege. He svas 2G years of age. The follosving othei items of nesvs are from Fiji : A petition for annexation to Great Britain fiom the si hite settleis of Tai Levu had, ac coiding to the Fiji Times, been forsvarded to Les uka. It had had been signed by all but thiee settleis of that district. Mr. Mnich, H.B.M. consul, had succeeded in lecoveiing the giri Kate, svho svas ab- ducted some time back from the British Con- sulate, and to whom special lcfeience svas made in Mr. Match's lecent letter to the Rev. Mi. SuiuleiUiid. It is stated that she has bome important infoi marion svith re feicnce to the Coil. Gold is reported to has o been discovered in Viti Levu. At Navua laige numbeis of nativos are aiming, and some of the tosvus are sending back their tcacheis. THE SOUTH SEA LABOUR TRADE. The inciease of tho British squadron in- tended for the suppression of the slave trade in the South Seas is viewed by the colonists with much satisfaction. In the last sum- mary it svas mentioned that the Ethel, the fust of the wai-schooneis constructed at 8}dney foi U.M. Government for that pur- pose, had ictuinetl to New South Wales fiom her fust ciuisc in the South Seas, anti bl ought suth hei four]» isoners, charged svith kidnupping. These prisoncm, who formed portion of the ci ew of the brig Kate Grant, wliivh htitl Jjcen engaged iii tue Polynesian labour trade, wero charged at the Sv,ln«_ Police Court with kidnapping, and cominiS to take their trial at the Supreme pj_2í Particulars of the preliminarym>^ti____ were included in the summary. t£_ tri"? the higher court has not yet taken "&* Another of the schooners has rccent^E launched m Sydney. In writing of the even? the Sydney Evening News says .-.'What ment specially for protecting the island natives against the system of slavery vvS has existed for many years, and almost de. populated many of the islands. The new vessel Avas dressed with a profuso disnlayfn. bunting, and appeared neat and newly. painted, wanting only her masts and sails S complete her. A sable Avarrior, for the a if« keeping of whose kindred this craft has been designed, formed tho figurehead." Th« schooner Avas named the Georgie H.M.S. Basilisk, Captain Moresby, han seized the barque Woodbine and two othîï vessels, owned by Mr. Mayor, who lias a pearl-iislung station at New Guinea Tim seizureAvas made on the ground of the Vesse a having Polynesians on board without « licence under the new Imperial act Tim Brisbane Courier, in Avriting about the occur renee, states that " the Woodbine has been" brought into Bowen, Queensland, in chare, of Lieutenant Smith, of M.M.S. Basilisk havina been seized for not having proper and'rcnla? papers on board. It Avas also reported iii Bowen that another vessel, named tha Christina, Avas under Cape Cleveland in charge>of another officer of the Basilisk. The Woodbine Avas compelled to make Port Denison'for provisions, and to refit, havinz lost several sails and carried away somo of her standing rigging. The captain of the Woodbine states that he left Sydney with nine South Sea islanders, and went to War" rior Island, Torres Straits, Avhere he do. livered up the ship and papers as ordered to a Mr. Weir, Avho ib acting as superintcmleafc there. The schooner Challenge avos sent ta Sydney, but returned to Warrior Island when the Woodbine took the Challenge cargo and left for Sydney with three islanders on board, but got overhauled and seized by the captain of the Basilisk The captain of the Woodbine says that the islanders on board at the time of seizure) Avere all shipped at Sydney, one on the last voyage, one on the previous voyage, and one by the Challenge. Our rcadera may re. member some extracts from a private letter from Torres Straits, which appeared in our columns a few months ago, giving a very graphic account of the lawless conduct of the pearl and bêche-de-mer fishers in that out-of-the-Avay place. Among other state. ments it was asserted that South Sea Islanders wero kept in exile there for an un- limited number of years, with no chance of obtaining their freedom. It is to be hoped that Captain Moresby, of the Basilisk, is at length making some inquiry respecting these matters." The other vessel seized was the schooner Melanie, which has arrived at Sydney from Torres Straits in charge of a prize creAV, the captain and original crew being prisoners on the charge of committing a breach of the Labour Act, in carrying natives Avithout a licence. , The planters of Fiji are accustomed to argue that they ought not to be held respon. sible for the iniquiticB of the South Sea labour trade, because they do not know how any Polynesians they take into their service Avere procured. Subjoined is an extract which has been published from a private letter received from the Ba Coast, and which bos been written by a planter : "I am glad you have noticed Consul March's letter to the Rev. Mr. Sunder, land. [This letter was published in a recent summary of TheArgus.] There is, of course, some amount of truth in the mat- ter, but unfortunately very little. I am sorry to say that he is stretching everything as much as he possibly can to our disadvan- tage, Archie Watson wasnotonboard theCarl at the time of the fearful atrocities perpe- trated by her. He Avas arrested, did give bail, and did escape from that bail ; but as far as I can make out it was not with the conniA-ance of the Fiji Government, and all his friends here were very sorry he did so. All the planters in Fiji are justly indignan!; that the charge of kidnapping should be attributed to them, as they know nothing about* the manner in which labour is pro cured ; and in my year's experience in Fiji I have seen the labourer most kindly treated, and well housed and fed. As a fact, only I the other day. my partner took three of our , men,-whose time was just up, to Levuka, ) paid them, and engaged their passases to their OAvn land ; and they begged him to take them back with him, went to Consul March, and in my presence told him they wanted to stop and work three I more years for us, and agreed to do so. The consul expressed his satisfaction at seeing the men bo well and happy, and anxious to stay in Fiji ; and yet this is the man who writes from thence that the planters, with their passions stimulated by drink, ill-use and abuse their labourers. I hope yon will take your son's word for it, and tell Eeople in Melbourne that Fiji planters as a ody are not the inhuman wretches some people Avould like to make them out to be. I may tell you that the other day, when Lieut. Saunders, R.N., of Her Majesty's cruiser Ethel, Avas down the coast, he called on most of the planters on his Avay along, and ex pTeBsed his surprise at finding such a gentle« manly hard-Avorking class of men, as he had been told that he Avould meet here none but the refuse of the colonies and runaway sailors. I shall Avrite you again soon ana keep you au fait with aU that goes on here. At the Sydney Police Court, on the 18th inst., William Gray, master of the schooner Maiy Ann Christina ; George Pearson, mate of the same vessel ; and John Bell were chargedAvith having unlaAvfully assaulted one Dick on thebighseas on oraboutthel6thJIay, 1872\. JohnPitman, cookofthe vessel, deposed, -We sailed from Sydney about the 20tlr April last. Bell came on board the vessel outside the Heads. She flow the British ling. There Avere six natives on hoard, and I be- lieve two Avere on the articles. The others were passengers. We sailed for Noumea. The four native passengers belonged-one to Pentecost, one to Apio, one to the Solomon Group, and the fourth to Mare. At Noumea other natives carne on board, and sailed in the vessel. Amongst them were some native*, of i the island of Were. One of them, I be. Hove. Avas called Dick. We remained at Noumea for five or six days, and sailed from thence to the island of Were,, where we arrived early in June. A native teacher and his Avife, Avho hod come on board atura, were landed ,at Were. The vessel was kept under sail a distance from land win st they Avere being landed. As soon as the boat re. turned we put to sea. All the Were natives said to the three defendants, "Whyforyoir not land me at my home ?" Bell and I ear» son had revolvers, and Gray had a swivel gun on the quarter-deck loaded. Ikcy san- to the natives, "You are going down pearl, fishing with us. and tho first man that jump:* overboard we'll blow his brains out. me next night the Were natives were taken at« by defendant Pearson, who avos ordered to do so by Bell. He said, "Fetch these men aft and let them sign ai tides." I was m tlie cabin and saw 22 of them come in one by one. Nine of them were natives of were. Bell, Gray, and 1 were in the cabin, ana Pearson was at the wheel. As each nativo came into the cabin Bell said to lum, You put your name to this fellow paper to go pearl-fishing for two years, and you li B« plenty of money when vou come back, ^aca native of Were said, " No, me no sign, ana Bell answered, "All right." Gray then ivrote their names. They wore all asked tneir names. Dick Avas among them. . The vessel sailed to Torres Straits, remaining there for eight months. After the natives name» were put down, half a blanket, a pair m trousers, a shirt, and some tobacco were given to each. I told each of the defendant« on the voyage that I intended to inform tne authorities. Bell replied, "You are too clever." Pearson said, "You'll only injM-3 mo and the old man ; Bell is sure to get otic of it." The natives were going to jumpoyerj board off the island of Were, but Bell awl Pern son stood hy with their revolvers, ana prevented them. Cross-examined by mi. Davis-Bell went to the Governor of jNou mea, and received permission to take tue mea in the vessel. Frank, anativeof Were, denosed, -I went in the schooner Mary Ann Christin» at Noumea. I signed a paper winch was reairj over to me by Renison. He told mel «to signing to go to Tones Stiaits, and I repli««, "Yes." Ile told me how long I signed foi, and Baid I Avas to get £2 per month. 1 oui not want to land at Were. Cioss-exaininca by Mr. Davis.-Mr. Bell was kind to Dicfj and me. Dick did not try to jump oywhoara off Were. There was no row there. Sir. lieu gave me £8 when I came to Sydney ; tue ate wai d gave us rum and tobacco. The defendants were remanded. (For the remainder of the Summary set iitiae 0 of The Arc/us of this day.) SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. Continued from the Supplement to The Argus of This Day.) COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S.Baroda, Capt. D. Rennoldson, with the mails for China, India, and Europe, left her anchorage in Hobson's Bay at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 31st January. The R.M.S.S. Mooltan, Captain J. C. Al- mond, with the English December and foreign mails inward, reached Hobson's Bay at a quarter to 11 a m on the, 17th inst, being some time past due By the s.s. Taraura from New Zealand, on the lGth inst, intelligence of the arrival at Auckland, on the 2nd January, of the Call forman mail stcnmei Nebraska waa received, The Nebraska made the run from San Fran- cisco m 23J days, and brought dates from New York to 23rd December, and from Cali- fornia to 9th January Hei mails having cone lound by Sydney, did not reach heie loi some time after SrATL Or MADE In this second month of the year little can bo leported of business or the prospect of improvement llnoughout, the treatebt duhiess has been experienced unrelieved by anything of an interesting charactei As a nile, sales have been limited to supplying actual requirements, and nothing like a speculative feeling has been allowed to inter fere with the ordinary and monotonous course of ti ade Neveithclcss there is a healthy spmt of confidence prevalent which greatly narrows and circumscribes the risks incurred by business men at a time when othenuse trade appeals to be so unsntisfactoiy There is no lack of money for commercial purposes and m the midst of such abundance it would be somewhat unusual to hear of mercantile failures taking place We ventured to hint last month that the breach which had occurred between the managers of oui various banking institutes would not be long of being healed, accoidingly, after various meetings were held an understanding was mnved at by which the lates of discount have been allow ed to return again to the quotations ruluigbefoie the Imalbreakup of the compact, say 5 per cent as the mminuni and 7 pel cent as the maximum rates, while 8 pel cent is to be charged on overdrawn ac- counts, an arrangement which has given much satisfaction as by that means all ex cuse for the undignified and petty buck storing spmt which could not fail to be diavvii out while the diflerencc3 in question existed has now been entirely done away with As one of the íesults of the conference which vías lately held m Sjdnoywe cannot pass ov ei the settlement of the Boidei duties question, an amicable auangement having happily been arrived at between New South Wales, Adelaide and tins colony which, it is to be hopeil will eflectually put an end to all the squabbling to which this dispute gave rise In mcicantile circles the settlement of tins question has given unqualified satis faction The discussion on intercolonial commercial reciprocity it is also hoped will jet do good service by leading to some practical result The decision arrived at in regard to Melbourne becoming the termina- tion of the Galle mail imite has apparently given oil once in Sjdney, and it is more than likely that thecxeiciseof much tact, judgment, and loibearanco will be required before the question is finally settled In reviewing the months tiansactions, we obsen e that a good deal of animation has been impaired to the inaiket for bulk ales by the arru al of new season shipments of the various blands Consignments of Bass, Joules', Man mi's, and M Ewan's have come to hand, and ha\c found buyeis at very full figures Bottled ales continue to move off freely Dundee goods are quite neglected, but sales of gunnies to arrive have been re ported Opeiations m caudles have been more extensiv e than for a long perioel, about 5,500 boxes have changed hands Cements have also gone off freely oyei 1,000 barrels Portland having been sold to an ive American plnstei has likewise been moved oil, supplies to a moderate extent having come forward In chemicals vi e note a slight move in lloweis of sulphur, but in nothing else Codec has remained unaltered, notwithstanding the very favourable tenor of advices from Colom- bo Fish has show n au improving tendency throughout the month On all dried fruits a considei ablo i eduction has taken place In breadst-fis, which were declining when we wrote last month, a îe action occurred, which had the effect of checking the fall, and causing pnces to ad lance again A n se of 20s pet ton on floui, and 7id to 9d per bushel on wheat, has thus been established In hops transactions em biacmg 400 pockets at least of Kent 1872 have been recorded Tlie first sample bale of the new Tasmanian crop has also come to hand witlun the week The quality is very supenor The glower, Mr Downie, wntes that this season the hops are full of condition, more so than any previous yew, being also quite free fiom any disease whatevei Malt has been neglected In metals we note tlie quittance of 400 tons pjg iron, also about 400 tons fencing wire, but these nie the only items woith special mention In oils a de- cline of 1A<1 per gallon has had to be sub nutted to m kerosene, owing to unfavourable advices, and at this decline some 9,000 cases hav c been forced off Business in rice com- prises the sale of the Claymore's shipment of 150 tons Java, while 600 to 700 tons Patna nee, of the new ciop, are stated to have been sold afloat With the exception of the quit- tance of ono shipment of 180 tons salt, nothing otherwise has been done in that product Tiansactions m sugar embrace the quittance of 23,917 bags Opeiations in teas have been limited Timber has boen very Bim, yet holders have not felt inclined to puBh business this week howevei, 30,000 deals realised 5gd to Gd lllGths Tobaccoes have been veiy depressed In biandies the only sale of impoit ance mentioned is the quittance early in the month of 381 hhds and quaitet casks, chiefly La Glande Mai que and Vinegrowers' The armai of tho English mail steamet Mooltan placed us in possession of dates fiom England to Decembei Shipments to tho colonies had greatly mci eased, the aggie gate values having been declared at tlio unexampled amount of £1,818.700 Oui dates fiom Calcutta reach to lltli Januaiy, from Foo chow to 28th December, from Ba tavia to 4th Jnnuaiy fiom Singapore to 16th Januaiy, from Colombo to 20th Januaiy, fiom "lanilla to 27th December, fiom Bang kok to 21st, and fiom Saigon to Gth Janu- ary By the Californian mail steamet, just arrived at New Zealand, dates fiom New Yoik to 23rd Docembei, and fiom San Finn cisco to the 9th January, have reached us WOOL The sales have continued to diminish m extent as the close of the season approaches Tivo sales have been hold this month result- ing m the disposal of 1,580 bales at 8d to Is 3;¡d foi greasy B^d to 2s for scoured, and Is 2*'d to 2s OJd foi lleece STOCK AND STATI0V Coii8ideiablo sales of pastoial propel ty havo been effected this month Mesara lijan and Hammond íopoit tho sale of Mcssis Hobden and Osbornes station Brookong in the Mmmmbidgoo distuct of New South Wales with 84 000 sheep, 1 700 acres purchased land, 200 head of cattlo hoises, station plant _.c, to Mi William Halliday of Spring Bank, also, the salo of Mcssis Wm aud Ldwd Kennedy s stations, Burrigan Billabong Foi est, and Myall Forest in tho Murrumbidgee district of New South Wales, togothei with 30 000 sheep, horaos station plant, &c;, to Messrs James and lleniy Osborne , and the salo of Mr J A Dallas station, Gogeldiie in the Lachlan distuct of Now South Wales, with 4,100 cattle, station plant gnen in to Mi Geoigo Hebden Messis Hastings Cumngham and Co. repoifc having sold piivately in con junction with Messis Smith and Anderson, of Ballaiat on account of Messrs Robcil, lane and Co, the Booit Station, on tho Loddon Hivei, to Mi Thomas Aimstiong Messis W and J Raleigh íepoit as agents ioi Messis Blight Biothers, .lavmg sold to Mi Samuel Wilson the Tooinlo Station, com pnsing tho following nins -In the Wan ego distnet-Meio Tooialo, OutoiMeio.do Nos land 2, Talon lui, Back Aiapiles, Wauego, Nos 4 5, 0 7,8, 9, andlO, West Wai tego Nos 1, 2, 3. 4, 5 G, and 7 , West Barronah, No 2 In the Albert distuct-Ontei More No 3 , Dunlop Noi th- west, Outot Dunlop do , tlo do No 3 Dunlop South west, Ontot Dunlop do ; Dunlop South west Back Run No 3 Aiea of run about 1 200 000 acres with 91000 sheep and 13,000 lambs Mcssis Poweis Rutheifoid, and Co íopoit having sold by public auction, at then tooms, on Finlay, the Spiingfield Station neai Swan hill, on account ot the admimstiatoi of the estate of the late Mi Alcxandci Moffatt to gethei with 17,111 sheep, and all impiovo monts, to Mi Alexander Camelon, at a very satisfactory puce The Lavoi ton estate was passed in, the price offered not coming up to tho ownei's rescive The attendance was good, and buldin_s epinted, They also ic poxtTiavingsold, privately, the South Avenue Station, near Penola, with 20,000 sheep and aQ improvements, to the Hon, Henry MiUer, for £11,500 cash. They have also just con- cluded the sale of Katandra Station,-near Benalla, with 22,000 Bheep and all improve- ments, to Mr. John Murray, for a trillo under £19,000. Messrs. Samuel Macgregor and Co. report having let the Lanrenny estate, con- taining 12,000 acres, together Avith 16,000 sheep, for a term of five years, to Mr. Henry P. .Dowling, for the sum of 5s. 2Jd. per acre per annum, Avith interest added for the ATalue of the sheep. EXCHANGE AND MONEA-. The banks having made up existing differ- ences, have agreed to the following rates of discount, interest, and exchange, which practically is a return to the quotations ruling before the breaking up of the combination : Tor bills not exceeding 95 days currency 5 per cent, is now charged ; do. 125 days, 6 per clent.; for any longer period, 7 per cent. Interest on overdrawn accounts will bo charged at Hie rata of 8 per cent. The in- terest allowed on deposits remains unaltered, viz., for six months, 2i per cent.; and for 12 months, 3 per cent. The exchange on Lon- don lias been fixed as follows : -At 90 days, to buy, ï per cent, discount ; to sell, i per cont. premium : GO days, to buy, J per cent, discount ; to sell, ï per cent, premium ; 30 days, to buy, par ; to sell, lj per cent, pre- mium ; at sight, to buy, par ; to sell, 2 per cent, premium. Commission on inland bills and cheques is to be charged uniformly as before. STOCKS IN BOND. The folloAving Avere the stocks in bond at Melbourne on February 22 :-Brandy, 6,499 hhd., 35,228 cases; rum, 1,566 hhd., 203 cases ; geneva, 79J hhd., 24,816 red cases, 3,244 green cases ; whiskey. 581 hhd., 6,749 cases ; gin (sweetened), 19J hhd., 3,000 cases ; cordials, 561 cases ; spirits of wine, 21A lihd. ; other spirits, 4 hhd., 3,736 cases ; wine, 3,143 hhd., 10,209 cases; beer, 393 hhd., 432 cases and casks ; tobacco, manufactured, 362 half- tierces, 662 quarter-tierces, 7,556 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 5,975 eases ; do., unmanufactured, 145 hhd. and casks, 16 cases, 1,001 bales ; candles, 323 chests, 12,574 boxes; cigars, 835 cases; kerosene, 75,831 cases ; ilour, 667 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 200 packages ; ten, 10,296 chests (832,0141b.), 83,245 halt-chests (3,153,8521b.), 05,152 boxes (983,1691b.) ; coffee, 2,153 bags, 122 tierces, 256 casks, 287 barrels ; wheat, 3,330 bags ; sugar-Mauritius, 112 bags, 2,923 pockets ; Java. 4,988 bags, 20 baskets, 13,982 mats j Manilla, 11,117 mata ; Reunion, 270 bags ; other ports, 152 bngs ; other (refinery), 1,522 tons, 36 cases and casks; opium, 47 packages ; oats, 9,702 bags ; chicory, 105 packages; hops, 1,445 pockets; rice, 16,491 bags ; salt, 12,188 bags ; vinegar, 504 casks, 1,892 cases. IMPORTS ANO EXPORTS. The following table gives the imports and export« of the port from tho beginning of Hie year to the 22nd February, as compared Avith the corresponding period of 1872 : AA'eck Ending Imports. Exports. 1672. 1873. 1S72. 1873. Jan. 4.. Jan. 11.. Jan. l8.. Jan. uti.. Feb. 1.. Feb. 8.. Feb. 16.. Feb. 22.. £ 206,027 804,610 187,240 260,639 403,327 270,762 108,022 200,842 £ 104,374 . 801,164 300,868 202,202 469,162 403,864 367,278 324,303 £ 663,626 168,060 226,602 376,58-1 676,300 177,767 216,609 05,180 £ 1,105,303 . 170,480 108,511 120,745 850,075 184,603 221,747 183,019 Totals .. 2,000,781 2,018,776 2,448,134 3,014,870 During the first period tho account stood thus : Imports . .'. £2,000,781 Exports .2,448,134 Balance of exports over imports £348,353 During the second period : Imports .£2,018,776 Exports .3,014,379 Balanco of exports over imports £305,004 Comparing the above periods Avith each other, the results are as under : Imports in 1872 .£2,000,781 Imports In 1873 .2,018,776 Increase In 1873.£518,00-1 Exports In 1872 .£2,448,134 Exports in 1S73 .3,014,870 Incrcaso in 1873. £500,246 BANKS AND PUBLIC COMPANIES. ? Bank of Victoria.-The 40th half-yearly meeting was held on the 5th February ; Mr. .Henry Miller in tho chair. The report set forth the results of tho half-year in the fol- lowing manner : Balance of undivided prouts from 30th Juno, 1872 .£0,839 10 5 Hot profits for half-year, after pro- viding for bad and doubtful debts .. 30,058 16 3 Together .£43,708 6 8 AVhlcli (he directors propose to ap- portion as follows, viz. : To dividend at 10 per cent per annum.£26,000 To bank premises .. .. 5,000 \- 80,000 0 0 Leaving .£13,708 6 8 Being balanco of undivided profits carried forward. Tlie following branch offices had been opened during the past half-year, viz. : Murchison, Kyneton, Seymour, Casterton, Coleraine, Merino, Belvoir, and Chinaman's flat; and branches at Horsham and Pens- hurst had been re-opened. The deposits amounted to £2,745,382 ; the note circulation Avas £307,783, and the bills in circulation amounted to £448,471. The report /was adopted without discussion. Commercial Bank of Australia (Limited). -The half-yearly meeting was hold on tlio 5th February, Mr. James Service in the chair. The January summary contained an abridg- ment of the report, which recommended tho appropriation of a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum, and shoAved that there Avould be a balance of £3,045 to carry forward. The profit was the largest Avhich had been made in any previous six months. The chairman mentioned that the note circula- tion had increased in the last half-year by £95,000, and the advances by £70,000. The report Avas adopted; and Messrs. Moubray and Jenner re-elected directors. Ballarat Banking Company.-At the six> teenth general meeting of the shareholderf| the report of the directors showed that, after making due nllOAvanco for bad and doubtful debts, the gross profits of the institution for tho half-year ending 31st December, 1872, Avere £5,919 15s., and that after deducting current expenses and interest paid and ne- em ed on all deposits to that date, there re- mained with the balance of £2,811 11s. 6d. ¡brought forward from lost statement, the sum of £6,402 14s. 5d. From this sum the directors recommended the payment of the ¡usual diA-idend at the rate of 10 per cent,, and the appropriation of £1,000 to the reserve fund, which will leave a balance of £1,874 ,11s. 6d. to be carried forward to profit and loss, new account. i Provincial and Suburban Bank.-A special meeting of shareholders in the Provincial and Suburban Bank was held at the bank, in Smith-street, Collingwood, on the 7th February. The chairman (Mr. J. F. Boin) adverted to the success of the institution, and congratulated the shareholders on the confidence which had been shown to the bank by tho public, staling that the bank's transactions since its opening on the 30th Novembor had amounted to £66,572 Us. Uti. A vote of thanks to tlio retiring board and management having been unanimously agreed to, tho election of directors for the ensuing 12 months took place, resulting in the appointment of the following :-Tlio Hon. Robert Walsh, and Messrs. Robert Dehuert, John Hackett, J. R. Fawcett, and John Cornish. Tho chairman announced thal, in compliance with several requisitions, the bank would immediately open branches Avhere considered advisable, Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Hail. Avny Company.-The 16th half-yearly moeting was held on the 5th of February, the non. T. T. A'Beckelt, M.L.C., in the chair. The following was tho report : - " The board of directors have to congratulate tlio shareholders upon tho improvement Avliich has taken place in every branch of traflic-the gioss receipts for tho half year being £70,558 12s. The returns show a considerable augmentation in the number of passengers carried over the lines, and the revenue derived therefrom amounts to £46,693 17s. 3d,, an excess of £4,357 19s. 8d. over the corresponding period of 1S71. Tlio mer chandise com eyed lias increased from 88,213 tons to 100,079 tons, and tho receipts from £19,079 13s. 2d. to £21,089 9s. lOd. In con nexion' with .this trafile, however, there has been an increased expenditure per centum on revenue, caused by an increased charge for towage, a rise of nearly 50 per cent, in the prico of hoop iron used for wool dumping, and the low rates charged for the carriage of w-ool. Tho Government having reduced the charge for the tiansit of wool on the com peting line between Melbourne and Williams- town from Is. to Od. per bnle, your directors were compelled to make a similar reduction betAveen Melbourne and Sandridge, in order that tlio company's pier might not bo placed at a disadvantage in competing Avith the Williamstown pier for inward cargoes Your directors regret that they have been unable to obtain any concession from the Government in the matter of wharfage rates, and the bill to enable the company to lease a portion of its lands has been Avvthdrawn from the consideration of the Legislature, as the Government expressed then intention to oppose its further progress An official communication was received from the bo gemment on the 30th December last, stating their intention to cntei into negotiations for the purchase of the railway, and as a pre hminury thereto íequested and obtained from the directors permission foi the engineer in chief to inspect and report upon the condition of the lines of the company The engineer íeports tlio rolling stock and permanent A\ay to be m good woikmg ordei Ten neAV coinages hive been placed upon the line, andanotherciigiii'\ on the bogie prin- ciple has been ordered from England to keep pace Avith the increasing business of the com pany An important item of expenditure is the cost of fuel winch lias been seiiously affected by the disturbed stite of the coal tiade in Ncav South Wales The numbei of Aessels that have discharged passengers and cargo at the company s pier during the six months is as mulei -roieign Vessels, 02, coUiers 16, intercolonial steamers 121, total, 189 The îeceipts foi the past half year, after deducting interest and woikmg expenses leaAe a balance of £17,406 Us 7d Divi- dend at the rate of 6 per cent, £16 0-11, balance, £1 425 13s 7d ,-£17,466 13s 7d The only shareholder who discussed the ie port Avas Mi England lie pointed out that the dnectors had taken £1253 from the lesene fund to repair the Balaclava station, and maintained that they would not have been able to pay more than 5 pei cent if the îepans had been chaiged to current revenue and cxpendituie The lepoit Avas adopted, and Mcssis A'Beckett and Cohen weie ie elected dnectors Austialasian Insuianco Company--The halfyeaily meeting was held on the 7th lebruaiy, Captain MacMahon, MLA, m the chalí The directors reported that, m accordance Avith the îcsolution passed at the list meeting, they liad taken steps to close up the fire and marine branch of the busi ness 1 he i equisite liquidation of the assets would be completed without delay The íe venuo and expenditure account foi the half year showed that the marine and fire losses, and the io insurance of risks had absoibed the balance of £31,117 from thepievious half year and left a deficiency of £19,925 The liabilities Aveie as follow Paid up capital, £25,000, unclaimed divi- dends, £399, amounts owing by the com- pany, £21,994 14s bd Colonial Bank, £1,386 10s 5d ,-total, £48,780 4s lid , less £19 925 12s 5d , balance at debit of revenue and ex pendituie account, £28 854 12s 6d The assets consisted of Leebold pioperty,£10,750, office furniture, _c , £1 905, amount OAvmg to the company, £7 108 12s 3d , cash m hands of secretary, £3 3s 5d, agents ba lances, £3,087 16s lOd ,-total £28,854 12s 6d In the life branch the business for the six months ending 31st December last, shoAved a profit of £9,472 19s 9d The report and the statement of accounts Avere adopted National Insmance Company -The half yearly meeting was held on the 7th February, Mr Twentyman in the chair The repoit, of which an abridgement appeared in the January summary, showed a profit of £5,738 12s 8d on the transactions of the six months ending 31st December 1872 The îeport was adopted, and a dividend of 8 per cent declared Messrs Twentyman, Moubray, Jenner, Stea\enson, and Lang Aveie elected directors foi Melbourne, and Messrs Clegg, Taylor, and Kersley, for Ballaiat Southern Insmance Company -The half yearly meeting of the sliareholders was held on the 3rd February, Mr David Moore in the chair The transactions of the six months ending with the 31st December did not yet alloAV of a dividend, but the chairman Avas able to assure the shareholders that a prosperous state of things a\ as at hand, and that there had been an improvement m the position of the company since the 30th of June lost The yeal 1872 promised av eil, but until the accounts Avere closed tho directors could not ventuie to declare a dividend The position of affairs Avas this, that the balance brought down from the 31st December, viz, £23,700, Avith anothei £2 000 would remsuie all lisks and meet aU liabilities, and leave £98 000 of the 8hareholdeis capital intact The repoit and statement of accounts were adopted A motion for an alteration in the method of fllhng up casual vacancies at the boaid was proposed, but as it would not effect any very important amendment, the shareholders present lent it little support, and tho mover AvithdreAV it Mi Hingston then tried to bring about a reduction of the number of directors, but as that was not the motion of winch he liad given notice vi? , one to reduce the dnectors' fees, the motion foi lessening the number could not be dealt with The retiring directors Aveie then re elected The Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria -The fourth half yearly meeting of the members of tins society was held on Monday afternoon, Mr George Martin in the chair The folio« nig report Avas submitted -' In presenting their fouith half-yearly statement of accounts, youl dnectors aie gratified to îeportthat, notAVithstanding further increase in competition (tlnee hoav offices having been started since the lost meeting), the income fiom neAV business has been steadily main tamed During the half-year, 97 proposals have been received to assure £39,574 9s 9d , 70 have been accepted and completed, repre senting an annual income of £1,0115s Sd , and assuring £28,095 9s 9d The number of proposals received during the year 1872 Avas 234, to assure £85,721 9s 9d , the number completed was 157, producing an annual in- come of £2,0117s Id , and assuring £53,215 9s Od The annual income fiom premiums amounts to £3,890 10s Id , tho annual íeAenue, from mteiest and other sources, amounts to £413 2s lid , making the total annual income £4,303 13s No claim has ansen during the half-year The report Avas adopted Mr James Lorimer, Mi G F Webb, and Mr Thomas Loadei Aveie re elected directors, and Messrs James Swift and J K. Bickeiton weie ie elected au- ditors A statutory meeting of membeis of the Legal and General Life Assurance Society of Australasia (Limited) was held at Scotts Hotel on the 4th Tebruaiy, Mi Roheit Walsh m the ellan, Avhen the geueial com mittce of management and the directois in Melbourne Aveie unanimously elected to hold ofiice until the last Monday in April, 1S74 and a progress lepoit by the dnectois wxs adopted Melbourne Woollen Mill Company -The half yearly meeting Avas held on the 7th 1 ebniory, Avhen a îepoit avos laid befoie the shareholders on the tiansacttons for the half j car ending 31st Decembei, 1872 Thefactoiy was noAV m full opeiation, 8,000 yaids of tAveed haung boen manufactured and 5 882 sold at satisfactoiy puces The directors had aAailed themsehes of Mi M Pherson, visit to 1 urope, by authorising lum to puichase additional machinery to the value of about £3,000 The factory Avas ali cady Avorkmg at a profit, and as soon as the additional machinery A\as elected they Avould be m a position to pay dividends to the shareholder Calls to the amount of £8,267 had boon io cencd on 2,570 shaies issued pioAious to the close of the financial a eai, since that date 180 shaies Ima e been taken up leaAinp 250 of the first issue of 3 000 shaies still unallotted The îeportwas adopted, andMessis Stevvait, Longmoie, and P letehei elected directois Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company - The 15th half yearly meeting avos held on the 3rd Tebruary, Mi J Benn ni the chair The account« showed a piofit on the half yeal Avhich allowed of a dividend of 7s Od pei share, and of £150 0s 6d to be earned foi Aiaid As an experiment the directors had farmed out the exponses of the head oflico to the secretary Avho managed everything foi 2i pel cent of the gross eai nings Victoiin Beetioot Sugai Company -The thud oidmary meeting was held on tlio 3ul I lebruary, Mi F M Armytage ni the chau ' The lepoitshowed that the total amount ox pended on the woiks Avas £11,000 Tho com pnny had sold £400 woith of sugai, and theie weie 6,000 gallons of syiup at the woiks, AOlued at£2,000 The only method by which the dnectors could mciease the capital of tho company, to enablo them to cany out suggestions made at last meeting, and stnit woik at the piopei season, was to accept tlio oiici of £5(000 fiom tho chanman at 7 pti cent, and issue 1 200 slnics Uley would then lim o enough, with tho piocecds of tho syiup to cany out all necessaiy alteiations, mid go on with the woik One half the loan av ould be paul back in six months, the othoi in 12 months The íepoit was adopted, and authonty _iacii to the dnectois to moitgngo the plant to Mi Aimytaço Messis Millei, Staughton, ran bairn, Aitken, Mai tin, Ross Jacobs and Armytage weie elected dnectois foi 12 months I nnglands Foundry Company -At the 12th j emly meeting on the 31st January, Mi II W Lai .lands in tho chan, the dnectois sub nutted aicpoit, Avhich saul the netpiohts foi tlie yeal amount to £3,19j 3s Id , Avhich, added to the balance of undistributed piodts Inou.ht fonvnrd fiom December 30, 1871, I leaves a toíal balance of £4,734 2s lid , from which the following amounts have been deducted, viz -£323 8s lOd to cover bad j and doubtful debts, £1,000 to cover possible I depreciation m plant, leaving a balance of £3,410 14s Id , which your directors propose to apportion as follows -£1 038 for payment of the usual dividend of 8 per cent, and £1,77214s Id to be carried forward to next account The contracts in hand, with the work in prospect, lead your directors to con fidently anticipate full employment during the next year The report was adopted Geelong Gas Company -The twenty ninth half ycaily meeting was held on the 3rd 1 cbruary, Mr CharleB Ibbotson presiding 'the directors' report stated that the banking account showed a balance of £1 714 2s lOd . from winch the sum of £300 had been placed towaids the mort_a¡,e redemption fund, and £250 towards depreciation of plant leaving a balance of £1 3S317s lOd to credit of piofit and loss from which the directois recommended a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent pei annum The repoi t was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared Williamstown Gas Company-The half ycaily meeting was held on the 4th mst, when a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum w as declared Iulton Foundry Company -The half yearly meeting of the 1 ulton 1 oundry Company was held on the 8th Tcbranry The report of the directors stated that the factory during the past six months had been well employed 1 rom the accumulated prouts, amounting to £2,43912s Oil, the directors recommended a dividend of 8 pei cent on the shares paid up on the 29th Juno last leaving a balance of £1617 4s 2d to the credit of pi oh t and loss Patent Composition Pavement Comp my - The half yearly meeting was held at the com pany's oilice, on Monday the 3rd inst , Mi Thomas Masters in the chair The directois' report which vins read and adopted, together with the balance sheet showed that about 4,000 yards of pavement had been laid down dunng the past half yeal in different parts of the city and suburbs In every instance the pavement had given entire satisfaction, and large jobs w ere now in hand and others pro mised 1 he report congratulated the share holders on the success and position of the company, and looked forward to the pay ment of regular and permanent dividends The balance sheet showed a credit balance of £428 5s 4d , which was represented by work completed but accounts not collected THE BAKES The general abstract showing the average amount of the liabilities and assets of the following bank, taken from the weekly statements during the quarter ending the 31st December, 1872, has been pubhslW in tho Govei nmint Gazette - THE ENGLISH, SCOTTISH, AND AUSTRALIAN CHARTERED BANK (Within tho Colony of Victoria ) Liabilities -Notes in circulation not bearing in- terest, £43,728 168 4d , balances duo to other banks, £12,621 2s 6d , deposits not bearing; interest, £202 625 12fl Sd , deposit» bearing interest, £138,087 17s 3d Total amount of liabilities, £897,40J 7s. 3d Assets. Cotncel gold and siher and other coined motáis, £86,441 6s lOd , landed property, £21,449 12a Id , notes onel billB of other banks, £ 077 6s 7d , balances duo from other banks, £0 310 11s lid , amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchan^o, and all stock and funded elcbts of every description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bulk from other banks, £010,128 2s 3d Total nmount of assets, £738,400 17s 8d Hie return also includes-Amount of the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st De ccmbcr, 1872, £600,000 rate of the lost dil idend do clarcd to the shareholders 7 per cent per annum, amount of the last dividend dechred, £21,000, amount of the rescn ed profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £26,000 THE UNION BANK OF AUSTRALIA Liabilities-Notes in circulation not bearing in torest, £94,017 0s 4el , bills in circulation nothcvnng interest, £35,821 4s 3d , balances duo to other banks, £3,863 0s lOd , deposita not bearing interest, £592,390 0s Id , deposits bearing Interest, £956,437 5s Total amount of liabilities, ¡tl,082,425 29 Od Assets -Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals, £404,032 3s tkl , gold and silver in bullion or bars, £161,202 11s (k1 , landed property, £01,000 , notes and bills of other banks, £15 ¿IB 16s 8d , balances due from other binks, £9 081 Ids Cd , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of every description, excepting notes, hills, and balances due to tho said bank from other banks, £1,217,260 16s Total amount of assets, £1,887,990 2s 2d The return also includes-Amount of tlie capital stock paid up at tho closo of tho quarter ending 31st De ccmbcr, 1872, £1,260,000, rate of tlio last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 13 per cent per annum, amount of the last dividend declared, £81,260, amount of the reserved profits at the time of declaring such dividend, £485,074 IDs lOd THE COMMERCIAL BANK OF AUSTRALIA LiablllUes-Notes In circulation not bearing In- terest, £88,190 ISs lOd , bills in circulation not bear ing interest, £637 13b 2d , balances duo to other banks, £08,17214« Od , deposit« not bearing interest, £297,16.510s 2d , deposits bearing Interest, £241,412 2s 2d Total amount of liabilities, £695,47¿ IDs lOd Assets -Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £08 201 7s 3d , gold and silver in bullion or bars, £103.57013s 2d , landed propcrtj, £6 81638 Cd , notes and bills of other banks £21,0081 due from other banks, £0,658 17s Od , amount of all debts due to tho bank, including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stoi k and funded debts of every do Bcriptfon, excepting notes, bills, and b dances duo to the said bank from other banks £005,583 13s lid Total amount of assets, £872 398 9s 2d. The return also includes-Amount of the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter ending 31st December, 1872, ?100 000, rate of the last dividend declared to tho shareholders, G per cent per annum , amount of tho last dividend declared, £4,800 amount of the reserved profits at the timo of doclaring such ellvi dend, £8,35116s MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CUKKENT The Argus Oilice, Wednesday Evening In tlio import markets business os a rule lias been very quiet throughout tho month Not tho slightest appearance of aspccuiativofccluighas been evinced, and sales have consequently not been of much importance Tlie market for bulk ales has been enlivened byamvals of shipments of new. Bottled ales luu o gone off f rcoly, but bottled stouts have not been lil so much request Dundee goods liai o fallen into neglect Gunnies, ho» ever, have met with fair attention Boots and siloes have onl} commanded moderato notlco Candles hale been in good request Cements havo moved oil very steadily Chemicals, chicory, coffee, confectionery, cordage, blasting ponder, malt, oilmen a stores, pro visions, quicksilver, call for no special comment £ iah is improving in value Fruits, on the other hand, hav c declined Hops hav emet w ith considerable favour In metals, pig iron and fencing H ire hav o been noticed In oil kerosene has declined considerably, in other Bolts llttlo lias been done Rice has been marked by sales of ne» toarme Salt has boen slow, and sales asa rulo tilflliig Sugars havo improved, and tho market has still an adianung tcnde.ni} Teas havo not been marked by much activity Timber has shown great firmness Tobaccocs baie been subjected to considerable depression 11 inca and spirits havesliow ii little animation Ale mid Stout -In tho market for bulk ales tho monotony usually expenonced has this month been leliLvcd to somo extent by tho arriial of several ship mints of the neu seimon a beer of various brands A parcel of 100 hhds Bass s pale alo, bj tho Vernon, nas cliarcd off to olio bli} cr at £0 Another shipment is to hand by the Cit} of Florence, but not }ct landed Joule s shipment of 60 hlids by tho Knight Com mander nas cleared off in parcels at £9 6s 60hhds oi Marnans, by tho samo vessel, realised also in parcels ¿817s Od to £9 M'tivun s first shipment referred to last month nas quitted at £8 Another ly the Loch Ta} Ib juBt to hand, but not landed Bottled ale-s havo been in good request, and supplies coming forward bavin;, been barcl} up to require mont, sales havc been icadll} effected at very (,ood pnces Tennants lias boen freely disposed of at 13s Devenish a could have been placed at 12s 3d to 12b Od, but little has come for vi ard Allsopp s has boen quoted at 12s to 12s Od Foster's lias been dlBposed of readily at 12s. Aitken s has realised up to 12s Od, and an advance will be wanted for later orriials Bi.isso is quoted at 12s M Enana ¡s worth Ils Cd to Ils Od Arrols is valued at 10s (k1 to lia Bottled atouts havo not tone off bo freely, and a icductiou on last month a quotations liad to be conceded to induce purchaaera lo come f ora ard Fig brand has been selling at 12s Burkes lias not been offering, but 12s could also be got O Brien a dagger dropped fiom 12s to 11s 0d , and numerous sales liai o In consequence been made which othenviso could not havo boon offected Of Fosters, ahipmonta have been got ria of at 12s Blood s has been disposed of at ils Od to l18 od For B}assa, wo cannot quoto over 11s dd to 11b Od Ver} llttlo indeed hos, how ei er, como foi n ard of this last'iiomed brand Baggmg -Dundee goods hav o fallon iii to tho utmost neglect and, as a consiqucnco, tho prlco has continued to decline, dropping from 15s Od , last mouth s quota lion, tolls Oil tolls 9d , tho fit ures at which latest eales liai o been made though onl} in snell small parcels r s cannot haieaii} effect In cheeking tho fall non going on In addition to shipments from England, wo havo ov cr a thousand bales ndi iscd oa on the w ay from Cal cutta, all of which havo been Bold to arrive Tills combined w ith the total cess ition of ali demand from Adclaido lias had a uioet dcpicssing effect on tho market, which cannot bo oxpocteel to rocovei for the i cmolniler of tile season Vi oolpacks hal o been soil Ing slonl}, the trifling Inquiry experienced having been of somo use In clearing off odd lots at the end of thcKiison A few Bales havo been effcctcel at 4s 3d \\\ t mulei stand that a shado o\ cr is now asi ed, but no tianenctions havo been icportcel Gunnies aro lay finn On the spot thero is not much doing at present Bii6lncsB lias been reported at Ss 9d , and holders do not hesitate to asl up to 9s \ good suppl} is known to bo on tho way, and sales to arrive havo been maila at up to 8s -ljd Boots and Miocs -A v d7 good business has been done at in lees wlneli a] pear satisfactory to sellers Transactions rcpoitcd havo in almost all casca gono tillouri the auction mart At the latest sales the foi lowing pi lees were realised -Women sr S kid boots various j ittcras, bioutht from (Is 9d to 68 ]ier jail, elo Hessians, welts, 7s Od to 7s 9d pel ) ali , do 1 hin kid, 1 C , Us Oil per pan , do liicnicl do , plain, 6s Od to 0s Ixl per p ilr , do do , I S , Os to Is Od per pair, do Levants, I S , Oa Oil to Cs 9d per pair, do do, fPII, 6s Od per 1 air do mock kid, 6s to 6s Od per pair maids kid, 1 Bond 2 s 4s lOd to 6s Od per pair, ellis do, 11b to Is, 4s Od to 5b Oil per pair, do elo, 7 s to 10 8 4ö Od to 4s Od per pair elulilren s do , 1 s to Cb, Se til I cr pair, b-ilm orals, 2e to 2b 7il per pair, men's kip wellingtons, 10s. per pair, do calf almas, 8s to Os 3d per pair, Ac French calf realised 4s. (k1 to 4s lid , colonial do , 3s. lid , cor dova«, 2s. 2d to 2s. Cd , kangaroo, Is lOd to 2s 6- , kip, 1». lOJd , men s spring sides, 7a Ad to 11s , lace-ups, te tolls, bluchers, Ss Od to 7s., boys', 4s Od , men s oxonionB, 4s Od to ús 3d , canvas do , 3s Od women s lace, 5s to 68 Od , girls and maids, 4s Od tods, childrens do, Is 7d to3s.l0d Canalcfl -The market having in a measure been in -the hands of one buy el, who some timo ago clcarod on all parcels of imported held outsldo tho trade, moro liveliness lias been evinced, and transactions havo more readily come under our notico in conséquence, 1 Mt the result after all only shows how difficult, ¡f not impossible, It Is to fcet up a favourable feeling in re spouse to any operation of the kind On the later Balts an advance of ahout a halfpenny pel lb from the lowest point lias been realised, a great part of which has, however, been lost in holding chorees About 6,300 boxes will ibout cover the months sales, pri -ratcry and at auction and for the last weel or so lljd , duty paid, and OJd in bond, has been ruling Jhc Ivcva Company still quote Is Cornent -Smco the advance established last month the market has maintained a very linn aspect and any shipments of Portland offering have met with a ready sale at lbs. Od lu olio instance somo 1000 barrcl8of best brands wero reported as takenup by onehujerat 18s Cd of late however, 10s 6d has been obtained for trade parcels For second brands we quote now 18s (k1 to 18s Ou , of such, however, few sales have transpired Transactions In \morlcan plastci arc naturally limited to tho quittanco of Buch parcels as come forward fiom time to til le, and the prices obtained this month show a considerable re ductlon in last months sales About 10 days arfo 60 horrels Casco s w ero quitted at 80s, and 176 barrels Albert Mills were at same time placed at 32s Od Chemicals - Llttlo of special importance has como under our notice, and few chances can ho referred to we cannot, moreover, îcport much business in tho market Soda crystals have been selling at £12 to £12 10s for English Tor Victorian modo w o quote £12 Carbonato has been selling In small lota at £21 to £22 Caustic has declined to £28 tor 02 per cent, and £31 for 72 per cent., there is not, how over, much doing, and as a good deal is advised as coming forward, pnces aro likely to decline rather than advance Flowers of sulphur, neglected for the greater part of the month, liavo been more noticed ofilato , this week aparecí equal to 20 tons was taken up in one line at £16 Tartarlc acid has declined to 2s Id , and cream of tartar Is quoted at Is 3Jd , hut movements aro very slow Prepared opium has maintained a quota tiou of 27s Chicory Is sluggish, and only tho most ordinary sales for trade w ants can bo effected at 34d for colonial grown lu imported thcro l8 nothing whatever doing Coffee-A\ehave llttlo in the shape of Improve ment to report There is comparativ ely no stock held outside tho trade and as the demand for actual re qulremcnts at this period of the year Is of the lightest description, Uicro is nothing to give effect to tho highly favourablo advices which navo reached us of late from ti o producing markets Plantation has heen selling though somewhat Blowly, at lOd to 10$d Native Ceylon is quoted at Old to OJd Java is worth Old to OJd , but salc3 cannot he mado with any freedom Our dates from Colombo, reaching to 20th January state that the Jane Bell had lett with a cargo for Melbourne on tho 11th of that month Confectioner} -Nothing beyond a very ordinaiy trade demand has been experienced Supplies of im ported have been on a very moderate scale Keiller*fl, when offered, have met w ith a ready sale for oxport at equal to lOJd duly ¡mid For local use tho chief demand has boen upon assortments of Victorian mode, which hav e found buy crs at Od to 9Jd Candled peel In assortments has been quitted at UJd Jujubes hav o heen selling at 13Jd Cordage -Though tho market has not boen elia roctensed hy very great activity, tho demand has been satisfactory, and quito equal to manufacturera' ability to supplj Inquines have mostly run upon flat ropes for the country distnet« Orders for export havo not come forward so freely however Values hav c been w eil supported , and sales hav e been making at the Improved rates established last month Best Manilla hunp made cordale, half inch to throe-quarter inch, has been quitted at Od , and ropo sizes, one to four Indies, have been sold at £07, second quality of cordoLc has realised 8d , and Iarc,c sizes havo beon placed at £60 ïiew Zealand lines and cordage havo been disposed of at 6Jd , vvhilo ropo of the samo ma terlal has fetched £46 Flat ropes hav o beon In great demand, at pnces rangi tg from £78 to £80 for sizes running from Oin to 4in Manilla lashing, best quality, has sold at 65s. per cwt , second quality has brought 68s., while New Zealand has realised 40s. For seaming twincsvvcqiiotol4d (butthc sales effected are unimportant New Zealand flax Is firm at £25 to £30, and Manilla hemp, we leam hy advices just recelv ed, dated 27th December, vv ould cost £42 6s 4 Jd laid down in tho bay Tish has been moro active Sales hav o been f rooly making, and In many instances, higher rates have been realised Ling, which has been scarce, has boen disposed of at 5Jd , tho demand being good AVhlto herrings have risen to 82s for half horrels, and 10s (k1 for Arkins All fresh herrings havo found buyers at OS 3d lied herrings, in tins, havo been quitted at 32s lib salmon has advance- to 14s Od., at which sales are now making Halves Bardlnes havo recently been selling at all prices, according to the description of itali offered, from 11s Od upward has been accepted, but really good small Ash still command 13s 3d Quartcr sardines are disposed of at 7s 3d lib oysters are moving off at Os , while lib lobsters bring 138 Od , but the demand for those last is not very brisk Fruits -AA e note a very considerable decline on all descriptions of dried fruits, chiefly, however, on raishiB Currants have not been much lookod after , for tho last week or fortnight, however, a slight im provement has hecomo perceptible, and sales coin menced to be made at 6d , then 4$d, closing with further business at 4Jd to 4Jd, according to quality Raisins havo been soiling at lower rates, tho decline on the month being equal to lid per lb at least At the last auction sales Elemee wore quitted at OJd , and for CapcB and Valencias we can quote no higher Sultanas have fallen to 7Jd , at which this fruit is now offering On muscatels there is not much change to note, we still quote Is and Is Id Figs aro also lower, though values havo boon better supported, at the close we quote Bd. for ordinaiy, but lOd is required yet for Ano qualities Tile Ali uto, which has been looked for for Bomo time, has a largo quantity of fruit on board, and it Is fearou that a further decline will take place on her arrival In dried apples lhere is nothing whatever doing Flour and Grain -In breadstuffs the month opened with a declining tendency, which continued until £11 10s for flour was touched, sales at auction being mado at even less money, subsequently, however, in consequence of the vory meagre supplies of wheat which came forward, a reaction set in, which every one thought to be of a mero temporary charactor , hut still, affected by short supplies, the market has continued to rise, and may now bo quoted at £12 10s to £13 _o extensiv e sales hav e beon effected through out, and even had buyers been inclined to operate, no large parcel could be got hold of. moreover, millers as well ob dealers having been looking for prices to go lower, the sudden advance, though under tho circumstances natural enough, took all by surprise Tlio declino in w heat in Uko mannor became checked by a reactionary movement, and the prico, which at one time dropped to 4s lOJd , has sinco risen gradually but surely and the markot now close» firm at 6s 6d to 6s Od , but as supplies are still much short of requirements it is quite impossible to say whether or not prices will continue to advance. During the last fortnight prices In Adolaido have also taken a turn upward, and by to- days tele gram arc quoted at 4s lOd to 4b lid The course of tlio market in this respect is looked upon with regret, as it was calculated at Adelaide that even at 4s 6d f o b. the cost beforo anj profit could bo oxpectod would bo equal to 04s per quarter in London, and as at present rates a positive loss ¡s shown, it is feared that the fanners, by holding back supplies until English orders aro withdrawn will be forced to accept much lower rates, and thereby bo subjected to heavy losses in tho end It is scarcely possible to arrive at any correct estimate of what oui own yield will be, but rumour has It that there cannot bo less than a surplus of 40,000 tons to export As y et nothing has been shipped from this of the now crop, and tho result may bo Imagined if in tho latter half of tho year wo havo a quantity Uko that referred to forced upon the market without any relief from outside to ease the piessure Oats have been mov lug off very steadily at 8s to 3s 3d for common to good feeding, while milling qualities have been saleable at 33 6d tods Od , but though a much laiger business could havo been dono, the paucity of supplies, though not of a ehaiacter to affect pilces has helped matonally to check Bales Barley is much wanted, small lots of Cape and Oregon feeding sorts have bov.ii brought for ward by the fanners and quitted at 3s to S« 8(1 Malt lug, Victorian grown, of veiy common quality, baa also been sold at 4s Od to 6s 7d , whatcvci may be said to the contrary, tho bailey crop this year appears a groat failure and a cargo or two of Californian malting only, to an ive a few months hence ought to givo a good ro turn Maize has improved in value, anula now selling ntJs Id to 8s lj- , a further use was antlclpited, but that has in the meantlniebceii chocked Bran has taken a turn upwaids, aud ia now worth Is Id Pol lard Ib quoted at Is 2d to Is 4d Victorian oatmeal is moved off at £20 to £23 Furniture-An extensive sale or English liianufac tured furniture, finished and lu tho white, was held a shoit timo ago, when tho auctioneers (succeeded In disposing of all the goods offeied at the follow inf, prices, viz -Suites of walnut inlaid tables, four pieces, realised £22 per suite, walnut inlaid and plain loo tables, from £510s lo £7 each , do do card tables from 70s to £4 103 each , do do , occasional do , fiom 45s to 85s each, do do w ork do , from 60s to 05s each , mahogany dining tables, from 06s to 105s each, walnut suites of frames, nine pieces, £12 10s to £1110s por suito , mahogany duchesso tables and vvashBtands to match, m tho white, fiom £9 to £11 each, do do finished, £12 12s to £13 10s each 3ft marbletop washstands, 42s each, hat stands from £4 10s to £0 15s each, commodes, fiom 17s to 26s oach , walnut canterburies, from 60s to 70s each, cluf fonulero whatnot« £0 10s each musio stands, £4 10s each, drawingioom suites, walnut, covered In Bille, £20 each, do mahogany dilling do, coveted in lcatlici, from C8 to £4- per suite, _c An ontlro Blni ment of Amoiican chalis, compiising 178 cases Boldon the 24th hist, realised as follows -Baltimore wood brought J7s per dozen, AVashlngton do state, 80s per dozen, do do spindle 42s per dozen, Douglass cano oak, 120s pel dozen , Crown Grecian do, 01s pei dozen, cano back locking, 21s each, do mubo 1 ockcrs, 13s Cd each wood do do , 81s per do/en, Imitation wood bureaus. 10s each Tho auctioned also oflorcd 44 cases English manufactured furnituic, unfinished, finished, and in the vv hito on coiiBiL.1 nient account, and sold ovciy artlelo at B itis facttij ] ikes Ounpowdcr-Blasting powdci has been oxticinclj heavy throughout the month, and though holders have been unw ming to submit to any further dcehne, j ct buj crs hav c j,lv cn no indication of a desii o to operato in the market, and pi lees havo In consequence le inalned almost nominal Hall s has been oflerlnT at 7\d haines can bo bought at OJd , and for othor brands wc quote Od to Ojd Hops -To tho fact that the Atrato has kept out till now, must bo chiefly attnbutcd the impiovomcnt that. Influenced bj telegraphic adv ices fiom Lngland, has been allowed to tako placo in this pioduct In the early pint of the month wc íeportcd Bales of 1872 Kents to the c\tcntof 400 hiles ntfromls 4d to Is ed foi ordinary to cood samples, andavuy goodtrado demand has been maintained tliiuiic,hout at from Is Od to l8 bd 1871s ore vciv bil ely supplied , anv thing like good sinqlcs would bung Is to l8 2d C8 s to 70 s arc quoted at Cd to Od Tasmanian 187" s have been sold at Is , while old raiiL,o at fiomOd tolOd IThc tint sample bale of the new tasmanian crop, Lrownand picked by Mi Dowiiie.hasuriivcdhoiowith hi the week Hie quality is very Uno indeed, in fact, quite equal in appearance to any new Kents >u v have reached us Mr Downio writesthat îî. iT1* this season are » full, of conditionerlo & previous year's crop,' being also' N,uito freTCï any disease whatever," and further states that ii week even a better quality will be produced thaï the bale now referred to , as a fancy artiX;? i" peet«! to realise Is Od for this bale 'll b « Malt has been exceedingly quiet. An n/.~..i . sale of an entire shipment,of 2?M0 bushel, Ä81 his w, no before us, but with that exception h?,5lne ÍSbto0?2srC3dr,CtC<1 to th° "V"* Ä'Ä Metala-The market, though occasionally emu cnp,i by a run upon some specialty or another hi "" ,r whole, been without animation, ai,d,5Äi5i activit} Pig ¡ron has been schlug St £0 fS S lot«, and £8 10s hi jmrcels 1" one instance ahK 400 tons chanted hands Colian_ed Iron has °î been so brisk Scotch 201 gauge lias beensoU^«_ I nglish ordinary brand has boen selling at £34 Ä gauge Best brands have found buyers it Vii i? £30 time gauge Bar and rod lro?hílele off very slow]} , we quoto £17 Sheet ImnKh?_ dcclircd, without, however leading to mercas«! _ï? \\\ e now quote for Nos 8 to l8, £20°, wl.ileS aL 20 command up to £2.' Hoon Iron to Tory diníí? £18 to £18 10s riato ¡ron fe «or_£¿%2 ",lre .'"SÄ1 )at0 "i"T1?'1 vcry considerable attention about 300 tons lmo been taken up by oncDiivÄ prices ranging from £22 to£24 for Nos 0 7 S» Lead shot Is quitted at £39 There has not beta" much of a stead} nature doing In tin plates miTÏÏ occasion, how oi cr, about 1,000 boxos wara talîcn na on the spot and to arrive at about 10 per cent. advan»T Invoice In Muut¿ metal there la UtUo to Sí ÏÏ quote lid Sales of Ewbanks nails h^bcT made at 7} per cent on ltot prices AmprW» nails have been without inquiry «to |î asked In Collins's and Sharpo's fan a.» nothing spécial has boen done, quotations iuuSu? 828 ef to 818 , but there has leen lffi ft"T reported Anira s shoi els havo likew iso been Iieavv kt 70s Days DH shovels 84in to 80in, aroqS at 54b , and other makers', samo siro, bring 60« im low-are has Btood at list prlco, but business has not been activo "* OilB -Early In the month an uneasy feeling beean to bo evinced In record to korosono, a want o! T lidence in tho Btability of prices being a i revaiZr featurc In tlio Orst w cek a line of 1,700 coses and2 of 2,000 were placed at Is njd A shipS of 6 W cases Rainbow w»s sold to arrive at Is lid but an favourable advice» coming to hand bytelcéranh' _? greater portion waa Immediately ro-aold at the same price, it was. not, liowever, until the followinir week that the full effect on tho market was cxrarKnNwi at tills time 9,000 eases were offered by auction«! which 0,000 were sold at a reduction oflM a gallon, tho utmost realised being is. inj Tho following w eck 4,000 cases were again offered but though nothing was done publicly, It was stated'thit 3,000 casos woro of tem ords sold privately st Is nu This week 1,000 ca.es of a now and outstas brand were quitted at Is 8¡¡d New York advices via Callfonila to 28rd December rcmrt the departure for Melbourne of the Westward Ho, with 11,600 casca, besides several vessels for tia other colonies The Escort, from Boston for Melbourne was bringing 2,090 cases ono veasol was loading tt New York, and ono at Boston, both for Melbourne. Castor oil ia In slow sale, but firm at 6s. duty raid Linseed ia selling at 69 Id. for drums, and 4s bj lor bulk Col/a is quoted at 6s 3d. for drums and 4s Od. for casks, but there Is no inquiry Olive cannot be quoted over 6s Od for drums ando». Inwood. Chineo is a trifle better, 4s 3d being now required Pol« Stands at £80 to £82 ' " Oilmen a Stores liai e commanded a fair amount of attention, but values as a rule have varied little Pickles havo been soiling at Oa Od , 8s Od, Os, los, 6d , and up to 11s Od Bottled fruits halo been quitted at 10s 8d , and block currants have been sold at IIB Sd to 11s Od Jams aro selling at de. Od to 9s for lib tins, Victorian and Tawinlan Salad oils command 18a., 22s, and 24s. Pints or« quitted at 8s Cd to Ils Cd , and half pints at 6s Od to 7a Castor oil in pinto soils at 7a, omi In half pints at 6s Sauces rcaliso from Os Od. to 10s Od Capera rule at 6s Od Cohnan's mustard In 71b. tins ia quitted at 8id , for lib tins 10s 3d Is ob Uilncd ; and for half pound, Gs to 0s 3d Is noir asked Keen's DSF mustard la disposed of at 10s 0d for half and 16s for pound tina White and blue starch sell at 6£d Thumb blue is tot nd of at lOJd Sales of sago aro made at 3!d Moccaroni and vermicelli bring lOd. Preserved icge tablcs havo brought 6b Wood matches have sold at 3s (Id to 6s 4d Block pepper has been quilted at OSd to Old , and white popper at Is 2Jd. to la. 3Jd Provisions of oil aorta liavo been vory firm Butter, colonial made, has been Bteady, and notwithstan- ding a very favourable season, prices haio never been allow eu to go down to the snipping rates ot last year Tilla w eck tho prlco has Improved slightly, being now quoted 7d Bacon and hams are In good request. Victorian cured is disposed of at lOd to lid for tho former, n hilo up to Is 2d Is now genenlly obtained for tlio latter Colonial mode choeso continues to be moved off at Gd to 8d Quicksilver -Business In this metal lias been re stricted to the disposa! of small lots for the snj ply of mere actual wants at 3s 8d to 3s 9d Rice -In old Patna there is nothing dolnj, A small lot was disposed of by auction at £10 Ilk, duty paid, a price which shows a considerable de- cline For tlio lost week attention has been paul to new rice, and we understand that some 600 to 000 tons at least of what la advised as comm; forward from Calcutta has beon bespoken, or sold to amvo, at avery full prlco Calcutta dates to 11th January report that 2,000 tons aro comlnt, for- ward in tlie three vessels which bare sailed for Mel- bourne, tho Dilawur, Astracán, and James Service The prices quoted range from £19 to £20 in bond Java dressed has been selling at £24 to £26 duty paid The Claymore s shipment of 160 tons undressed Ja>a was quitted by auction at £2016s to £21 6s Bangkok dressed Is w ortli £2210s to £23 Adi lees from Hong Kong state that tho Laauit was token up to land nee at Saigon for Melbourne Salt-Tho market lias been dull and unsatisfactory for tho greater part of tho month, it having been found impossible to got rid of parcels at ani thing like pa} ing rates, indeed, tho loss on late arrivals has beca so great that importers have Bhown no desire to treat Business in consequence has beon restricted to tbe quittance of trade parcels at about tho pnces ruling lost month, so} BOs to °5b for coarse, 06s to 100s for Liverpool fino, and 106a for fino London stoved Only ono shipment, of 180 tons, by tho Thomas Stevens, has* in addition to the ordinary routine sales, been disposed of A few lots of Liierpool fine havo also been placed at 06s for large to 976 Gd for «moll bags. Of old i hiprocnts there are not above a thousand tons in mporters' hands Tlio trade, however, appear nell stocked, and tho price does not certainly look as if it wore going to rise at present Slates -The market has been very steady this month, though the trado demand has not been of a ver} animated charaetor Sales to tho extent of 200,000 lu parcels hal e In addition been reported at about last month a quotatlona Buyers, liowever, appear well filled up uow, and it is not probable that there will bo much doing forsome time The arrivals since our lost aggregate about 150,000 Quotations show little or no alteration, £4 x 12 being saleable at £10, 22 x 12, at £14, and 20 x 10, at £1 Sugar-Wo note a brisk market A considerable business lias been transacted, and of late moro especially a rlBlng tendency has been presented, fav ourcd as tho movement has been by Mauritius advices recently to hand On Wednesday, the 6th, business opened for tho month by the disposal of several shipments Tho Flodden'a cargo ol Mauritius, comprising7,281 bags, w as off orcd,oudbuycrs being will- ing, tlio wholo was speedily cleared off at prices rang- ing from 20s 3d to 27s for rations, 28s Gd to 20a for low browns, 32s to33s 3d for low}ellons, 34s to34s Gd for medium grainy yellows, 36s to 35s Cd for flno}ollows, dOs to 87a 3d for fine grey counters, and 80s for fine soft whites, 2,090 bags of tho China Re finor} Comían} 's now Bugara were quitted ot £30 6s to £40 for Uno whites, £3610a to £30 for flncBtjcllow counters, £84 10s to £35 10s for good }clloWB, and £32 16s to £33 10s for medium counters, 1,607 bags }cllow Java sold at £33 16s , 064 bags of Queensland also realised fair rates. Those prices established a slight luiproiemcut on Ino wliltcB Sales wcro reported privately at prices rising from £35 10s foi good v ellon s to £40 10s for fino whites ; COO boga, tho damaged por- tion of tho Hodden, were quitted at £25 to £37165. Thc Bomo week (endiiy 10th robmar}), tlie Meridian, tho Leading Star, and the Elizabeth made their an iwarnnco from Mauritlu» Tho lastnamcd brouglit dates from Port Louis to 27th December The fol- lowing week there waa less doing, ond tho attempts to Bell bv ouction w ere not bo successful, owing to a desire on tho part of holders to profit by the extreme rates adi ¡sed ns ruling at Port Louis An Improved tone, how ei cr, bocanic perceptible towards the close of tlie week On Monday the 11th, tho BrotklcBoyä damaged portion, amounting to 1,091 bigs, »nilli posed of at £20 to £30 10s , according to quality. A Uno of 400 boes flue whites was sold privately at £10 Tlie public sale on Tucsdoy (tho da} follo»mg) attracted a good attendance of tho trade, when mo entire cargo of tho Leading Star was offered, Due as it very soon became apparent that onie« nero not inclined to givo holders' values, tno wholo, with tlie exception of £00 bags wliicl» passed tho hammer, was withdrawn Afterwarus, howeicr, a very considerable inquiry was cvoRcu, which might have led to a largo business, but holders, foreseeing an advance, in most instances re- fused to quoto a prico, and it wis anticipated tmtav the sale of the EllraboUia cargo, adicrtlscd to como off the following doy, a rise ou the prlcca then ruling would bo established On Thursday, accordingly, this cargo was submitted to competition, wura the entire quantlt}, ainounUng to 4,370 dot, was rapidly cleared off at an improvement. RatioT bl ought 20a Od to 20s. browns, 32s .low }elIons,S£s Od to S3s Od , mid medium. 34s 3d to 35s Good browing cr} stals sold at 80s Gd , and goou whlto at 30s ltd & 398 Gd About 1,070 bags »ntl pockets, forming the damaged portion of the Aaniç, wore cleared off by auction at from 20s 9d to 3SS au. net Throughout the post week buyers were kept from operating by the stiffness of holders. carnie little to purchaso ot tlio higher rates dcmim ed until compelled Transactions, therefore, turned out oi very minor Importance Ou Monday the 17th, about » thousand packages, bags, and I^kotsweieplaeeu; »>; £37 to £39 for greys to middling willies. On luesuay tho 18th, considerable parcels of Jav a s«j£TJ\cT %l rid of Of theo II Poakossliipmont 3,601mo s «ero quitted at £39 108 for lino whites, and CJJ« T JW7 for greyish, 040 mats Java whlto «1,B'a'%0" Parana, sold as faulty, brought £J9, -sO ni its jelKW Java crystals, also faulty, realised ffl J* '«g lCs Mauritius grc}lsh whlto, in l\°cketV $0 r9 at £38 10s Hattons were got rid of J»t £20 M to £27 10s , whllo medium counters toongi t» On V, cdncsday 1,000 bags damaged were cleared o'I »s £43 to «37 6s On Thursday SOO bags were sold nrt vatel}, at £t5 for yellows to £30 10s Trgooil «h tes On ríidoy about 1,600 bags fault} sugars w ere col nu of by auction at fall prices, mnging no'« ^/J,,,. £32, £30 10s , and £3S 15s On lucsilav, the ->"? » nt auction, 2,200 mate Java nero cleared off, when Iuro vellón citais neie disposed of at £3016s,»«W c.}Stals St W8 to £38 53 Damaged Ç hill iicmicry Compam's sugai was at simo thuo dispos«! of ac, £30 16s to £38 5j A private tel"^T. TMJ Mauritius, Sth rcbiuirj, reports1 the^«"'"rlsS tho Rae« for Mclboiinie, and advises a-furtlier row of 26 cents in tho market , n3 lea-Messrs J Curio Robertson and Co report »a follows -"Slnco oin elicularof tlio 80th. iiH^ «» market boa not been so active, uoierthcltssi lim» era hold with great firmness, and durlutf tlio lust fe wea}« the trade hero ov lined nu aident disposition toke, into stock, several loree transitions la nt net» concluded Hie destiCitions ni >n<>9t,1f,0,Ä)liai leaf} congou s M> to /ino medium, and for ni le market eïosca finn Hie iwtrcgiito ^ V^ month reported amount to about 11,000 pac»at^ coloring nil descriptions, at about quotiUon8 good trade demand exists. Auction sales - On the 25th 1,257 boxes fancy teas, ex Laura, were quitted, *". -, rojiulng Is Od to 2» Id in bond ; capers. 2s. 3d. ; and gunpowder, 1s. 7½d. 1s. 8½d. Several other small sales have taken place, unworthy of special notice.The stock in bond is 4,969,035lb. Bpih,.t OM «81- at samo time last ¿ear The SÄnÄrln- the month have boon 730.3881b Ä? 500 7001b during samo timo last year Our *£.?i_i__re -Dust,aiTdsittings, 8d toOd , broken ffKUWI lo HW , ordinary to good, HW to l8 1^T__| 1-3 kinds, is lid to is 3td , do, __mUif-TOurf 1. -Id toils 6d . blactlsh leí _nÍ U W to is. Td.do «tronff. « Jd to Is ÏM 'do strong flavoury, Is 8d to IS Od , kalsow vii,,!, atrouL-, la 0d to 2s , pekoo souchong and pekoe Ar 2s to 2s 2d Uno rich pokoo, souchong _Tm to 2d to 2s 4d , do , very fine do , 2s 5d. to I. 7,1 orango peko«, scented ordinary and brokon, i u Id to s 6(1 , do, good to fine, 2s. to 2s 2d , ÏJ scented, common to middling, Is 2d to Is, Sr do middhnpr to fine, 2s to 2s 6d , young hyson, Jit to fine Is fd to 2s finest, nono ; gunpowder, Cton? good to fine, l8 7d to 3s Id Above quoU tun» aro at nor lb In bond for chests (boxes boing worth Jd lier lb more) ' T/ml«r -The market having shown great firmness .nri tendency to rise, tho principal holders becamo _n>l<_ of offonng, tho prospects of an ad mm» being considered as certain ; operations h" e consequently not been of much account Indeed last week no salo whatever was re Tr5d and altogether tho month's business has l_-of a very trifling and unimportant character On Tuesday tho 4th hist, 145,000ft red and whito __rh Hoorhifr, ex A'crnon and Loch Katrlno, woro mil tc-u T Os to I«» l'or 100ft At samo time, 136 iT«, cedar ex Macedon, woro disposed of at 21s 6d to 55te id nor 100ft, On Tuesday the 11th, Hie sales «mmnsed 12 X 12 and l8 x l8 Oregon, which realised rnfS to £15 por 1,000ft sup _x Alida »nd other Mm 355.000ft OxlJT and O whito flooring brought ii« (.«I to 12s Od per 100ft , 29,600 4ft laths fetched KB ncr 1,000, 16,620 4ft pickots, £10 10s por 1,000, ?0M doors, various sizes. DM sold at 11s to 22s 3d i-vMnsonic 757 doors, various sizes, D M .vreroquittod ft __ 3d ft 22s 3d On the 25th Instant, 30,000 Iimcsred deals and battons,ox Queen of mo Colonies, LrT and Ash, wero quitted at 6fjd to ö 1116d per '-otaccocs -Th« utmost dulncss has porvaded this market î Hie breer dealers, tho trado demand nos boon most InsiKiilfic-uit, and orders from tho other colonies havo como forward very slowly Supplies are, moreover, coming to hand very freely, and stocks, in snch a iMimlu condition of trade, being allowed to accumu Mc fears aro beginning to bo entertained that lower rate» must rule ero long Purchasers of twist havo till litclj been inclined to oporato Hrgoly, butthough a few 6inall lines havo changed bonds to arrlvo, yet, owinir to tho oxtrcmo rates demanded, thoy aro com pell«! to keep hock, this description of tobacco bolng mostly i equlrcdfor export to the other colonies, where nnccs aro known to bo oven lower than here Any attempt to sell lately, then, has proved futllo Of flat nooda a few parcels of Cameron's Vonus and Two Seas «ere recently offcred.but tho trado showing no disposi- tion to buy, thoagonteforthobrandhad.inordortosavo the market to step In and ropurchaso tho greater por- tion Tlio following are tho principal sales An auction sale of twlBt was advertised to tako place on tho 14th, mid a fair atlcndanco of tho trado was Bceurcd, but tho bidding proved very slow, and nono of the sound could Re got rid of Tlio damaged portion, howovcr, which realised Is 3Jd, waa disposed of On Holiday tho 17th, 671 paokoges were quitted, chiefly Cameron B toods. Tens realised Is 2Jd to Is 4d and parcels of various kinds, sold all faults, brought from OJd to Is 4pl net cash On Thura day tlio 20th, 42 paekoges wero sold, when half pounds braucht l8 ljd , tons Is Id, and fancy l8 2Jd On Monday tho 24th, 600 packages woro sold-Sound twist brought Is Cid tola 7d , damaged tens realised Is 21d to Is 3d , and half pounds Is 4Jd not cash Tlie advices to hand aro not so favourable, ship mellis to the extent of 205,0531b being advised from England, and from Amenca direct wo liavo adrice of 122,1921b per Westward Ho, for Molbourno , 1C6 pacl ages, per blgnal to Sydney , 76 packages, per Eiculug btar to Adelaide, and 24,7781b , per East Lothian for Now Zealand. Our quotations aro unaltered Common half pounds and tens realise Od to lOd , medium, Is to 14d , and liest 15d to lOd , navies Is 3d to Is Od , fancies, Is. (k1 to Is 9d Twist, medium, »oils at Is 3Jd to Is 4W , Bar- retts Is 6d to Is 6}(L, and Cameron's Is Od to Is 7d Ormond Swiss cigars bring 32s 6d to 35s , Manillas 60s to 62s 6d , uanna-, 40s to 60V-; Ham. burg made, 60s to 200s, and genuine Havannas, £10 to £30 Wines and Splnte -Business in wines lias been rcstnrted to the quittance of sm ill lots for trulo pur poses and no transaction of Importance has been recorded Sherries have been disposed of at £20 to £32, £33 to £60, £66 lo £70, while ports havo been tot rid of at £18 to £21, £27 to £35, £10 to £50, and £51 to £61 At uuctlon, also, medium ]»rt was sold at £41 10s , and good ports at £53 Hunt s was quitted at £3110s to £57 in bond Sherry at same time sold at £90 for fine, and £61 for medium In bond Cham]iagnes li ivo been selling at 70a to 80s, according to brand Brandies havo been dull an 1 heavy, and were It not for u public sale on tlio 11th the month must havo becu barren of any trans ictions worth noticing On the day named, 381 lilids and quarter casks wero disposed of Vlno crowcrs sold at 4s Od , and La Grand Marquo at Is. 7d I860 Hennessy s palo brandy was quitted at 0s 9d, and 1800 Martcils nt Os 7Jd In tho ordinary routlnr of trado, Hennessy s 1870 pale brandy has been realising 6s 7Jd to 6s 9d , and 1871 has brought Os 4¡d to 6s 6d Mortoll 8 1870 Is worth Os Od , and 1671 brings from Os to 6s ljd C V P is quoted at 5s Od , and Otard s at 6s 7}d to 0s Od A Bhlpinent of Marett s was placed at 5s (k1 llenaults, CastUlon, "c.uiidbuvcrsatßs Od Blsqult -«boudais bnngs from 5? 2d to 6s 4d , a ship mont of palo and dark was this woek sold at 5s 2d Ciozeaus Is quoted at 5s. Vlncgrowcrs lias declined to 4s Od , and Central Vineyards lias been placed at Is. Od La Grand Marque has been quitted at 4s 7d to 4s Dd in caso brandies there has been less than usual doing Higher rates being demanded for Hennessy's. sales havo not been so frequent of late, nevertheless holders continue torcahsc25s Od to 203. Martoll s brings 23s to 23s 3d Otard s is quoted at 22s Od , and Castillou has been selling at 20s Genevas have been vory slow , IDKZ, IA bottles, is moving lu moderato pareóla at 13s Id , 50 bottle cases of this brvnd woro quitted by auction at 13s, A II 4. Co , at same time, being sold at 10s lOJd other brands range from 11s Od to 12s Od Rum Is very sluggish, and sales can only be offected at under last month's quotations , 10 por cent o p ii quoted at 3s for IcAV I' and Lemon "art's. Lowndes s Ins been sold as low as 2s bd to 2s Od AVldskey has improved In vahío, Campbclton Is now saleable at 4s W Tor Sir H Burnett s old tom 12s Od to 13s ¡3 obtained MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs It (lOMisiiaouoii and Co roport-"AVool -Tlie s-les held during tho month havo boon com- parât» Jj unimportant, and tho season may now bo considered ueaily over. A fuw clips which havo been delayed ¡n transit havo still to be offorcd, but the total quantity remaining on hand is very limited Tlio tendency throughout tho month has boen towards lower rates, and'this has been especially notlceablo since tlio lecent telegrams reporting tho opening of Hie Loudon 1 ebruary sales at a decline of 1_1 to 3d l*r lb on tho rates current during tho previous sales «eld In Hovember Tills news was cortnlnly not ox pected but whon tho position of tho trado is cousi dercd, Hean scarcely occasion surprise Tho cost of producing goods has been so much increased by tho rise in wool, ond latterly by tho enormous advance in the value of coal, that tho manufacturers have been compelled to place Iargoly aiymontod prices on their Mines and as these advanced latea aro not willingly Paid bj cousuuiors, trade is restricted A number of ¡ho mills aro only partially employed, the owners pro lernii,' to curtail their oper itlons until tiley can either oM-viii more remunerativo prices for their goods or j urdíase the raw mater! ii at lower nt " Hence there ¡s a lessened demand for wool, and notwithstanding tie short supply, prices hav e declined llio unsettled sute of 1 nineo has, no doubt, also had a prejudicial «feet, is the continental bin ora will noturally roduco Hielr purchases until political affairs wear a moro peaceful aspect It was fully oxpoctcd that when the I ulk of the present clip carno to bo offorcd a lowor range of quotations would bo established, but this re auction w as uot anticipated before April or May, as it «as believed that tho short stocks on hand at tho .»iiiiiiciicement of tho voar would Insuro a »lamtcminco of late rates throughout the Eohruary «enes of sales The caus»s to which wo havo «uuded luve doubtless been mainly Instrumental In J niigiiij «bout o reduction sooner than w as evpected, »na »hT wool is obtainable at moro reasonable rates, »«.lilli i healthy demand will jet In, and thus the n'turc sales of tho j ear may progress at prices elosoly » iroximatlng to the avcrago of last year. A favour *i io feature in the prospects for tho year ¡3 the «»derate supply which will bo available It has »cn anticipated in London thai tho present clip will J. coi ¡.kluibly luoxccssof that of lost year, owing to ¡M exceptionally fine season, but tho returns from . ! I.1"""8 oo'onlos provo that theso oxpoctatlons «O-toLotlici erroneous rho returns of Bhlpmonts '.Me irom fcow Souti1 ;Vale3 8]low n decrcas0 of ï..i , '.°° bn-,cs> for Avhich various causos aro lift?1 "" but I'foh-vbly tho chief reason is tho mor » ity amongst the Bhcop in the wet districts of that .?_'? r }}"". c.olonJ ,u" Prob lb'y haT an inerooso of ?,,_ . 5,°?° M9> »Wist South Australia will, it is 'Miccted hav o about 3,000 bales in oxcess of lost year ,»,. Vi, from TMnin»ia »nu Now Zealand Is oi v ,ii i ° ^Nonary, or probably a slight doercaso », lo evident Alto.other it Is now becoming «Ii»rent that prices will not suflcr through ineieased m | lies as the total o\\-port of tho Australian colonies , ,,7 " o'} to oxeced that of last }car Hie Lonilon j mi ct«ill also bo relieved of over 20,000 hiles which li, 1,ce." "hipped direct to America, chiefly from iwi l>0 ' .U,° totaI shlpmonts from Melboui ne to Ä" 1'"J Ncw 'Vork «I»«"'»- IW* season being t\T ,,''alcä. consisting of superior unwished "^.mitions, and tho balanco, about 9,000 bales, ? » eccn exported from Now bouth Alólos and Now on«., i 1"0rurchascs for America havo not been "»«tiiaiicucnsivo scalo as those of I ist y ear, ow ing iL" ,l"""vt,uractorJ' position of the manufacturing ern . !" ,lro Ul,Uo(i ib,'lttu still this marl ct has tin, ,'i ,"'?"* bcllLHtcd bv tho Increased competí è,i, ".'' Î". "ew demand lins caused Hie total ,",' s W hi the colony dilling tho ßcoson no» KD-J fnnl!",u-d is leta tlm" tlllt of tho previous ¡'»sil for ulthouch prices havo been higher, ow nu d "o ??? most instances, elected to ship to the Lngllsh riifi n '" ""- hol'o of seemin¿ even hichcr "" »in wero obtolnablo heic Tram the pro fil S10.0,1 o( ",0 trnuL. 'I soems vory doubt Tlof_i hcso . l>n'lclp"tioin will be leolisod viih . i",ff"'llns ,m,° o'oarcd during the month lun,,"f" ,"" , rd -'amury 29, Hydnspes, Mel tiIZ » i'i Lnn,I°". »516 hiles, Jainury 80, Hamp JcrM.,i Ui',"i? for Loudon, >,<\>> do , Fcbruii} 3 n ,",';!. Mclboumo for I ondoii, 1,010 do , 1 cb lil« '"-»own, Mollxmrno for I_ul(ii, 3,039 do , Dn iV, Ï0 'i' A6la Molbourno for London, f.,200 do , run 1|t"'J!lsllo.iIolbouniofoi I ondoii,2,i70do .Teb Iel?,,,, "JS^Sf. Melbourne for London, l.lOOdo , ii Ï, J -vfhdo Molbuuiiiefoi London, 1 011 do , in?") -l> Uata Melbourno for Boston, USA, IcV'oi .' .t0,H1 z°Gv> hales , odd previous shipments, Crti«, t'?1 ,oau^."> 1,1S72, to date, 200,052 bales *SrRiI1iCïloï-?,Î t0 M l)cr lb . TM»Ty 1° MY, t010tl ' B°ou t0 superior, lOJd to Is 1er li,lu,tl-. "«»shed -lnfciior, Is Id to Is 2d âicn " i "^"»"l tu nvora0o, Is 2d to Is 5d , W u, o Botld' lB ßd t0 ls 8a . superior, Is Kr ii, " , bcourod - lnfciior, Is to Is 2d to ii ,crí',lmri' ls Al to Is M , middling WA i,1.8 °? ,to _, 8d , superior, Is ' Od to 2s the i", m ~A ,lr ""I'l'lj '"« como forward during iii ct i . '!, n"d' oonsldoilng tho Uss favourable 'v" -ot 4,110 wool luiukot, good prices havo bcou realised. Our present quotations are oa follow : Full-woolled aklus, nono offering; pelts, la. to 3s. each, according to length of wool and quality ; station skina, dried, 4il> to Sd. per lb. Hides.-There lias been a brisk demand'for hides during tlie month, nnd prices may bo'quoted a abode higher. All tho lota offering havo, as usual for some time past, been token for local consumption. Ox hides are worth 22a. to 33s. each ; cow hides, 18a. lo 21s. ; wet-salted hide», 4Jd. "to Gd. per lb. ; wcl-aaltod New Zealand, up to Ojd. |icr lb. Calfskins range from 6 Leather.-Our sales are :- Kip, at Is. 8d. tola. lid. per Ib.; crop, lOJd. to la. do.; kangaroo, 2s. 3d. to 2s. IM. do.; bonicas, la. to Is. 3d. Kangaroo Skins. Large and extra skins continue to realise high rates, hut small sizes are dirllciilt to ploeo. Wo quote :-^ Extra large, up to £2 2s. per dozon, or about lid. to Is. per lb.; medium, to large, 10s. to £1 6s. nor dozen; small to medium, 2s. Gd. to 10s. do. Tallow.-Tlio sales hold during tho month have been well attended, and prices hove been maintained. Tlie high rates of freight to London, ranging from £1 to £1 10s. ]ier ton, continue to exercise a prejudicial effect on Hie valuo of tlio article, but It is to bo hoped a, reduction will bo established > shortly. Oursulca aro 802 casks, at tho following quotations : Mutton, £32 to £34 pur ton ; beef, £31 to £32 10s. do.; mixed, £30 to £32 do. Tlio following ships have cleared for London since our last month's summary : 1873-Jan. 29, Hyilaspcs, Melbourne for London, 782 casita ; Jan. 30, Hampshire, Molbourno for London, 40 do.; Feb. 4, Renown, Mclboumo for London, 431 do.; Fob. 14, Asia, Melbourne for London, 1,176 do.; Fob. 14, Dolbadorn Castle, Melbourne for Loudon, 222 do.; Feb. 17, Highflyer, Melbourne for London, 400 do.; Feb. 25, Clyde, Molbourno for London, 83 do.; total, 8,147 casks. Summary op Sales this Mohtii. - Sales. Balea Cata- logued. Bales Sold. R. QoldBbrough and Co. H. Cuningham and Co. Tlie London and .Australian Agency Corporation Limited J. H. Clough mid Co. C. J. Dennys and Co. George Synnot and'Co. Guthrie, Bullock, and Co. .. Buckland and Burnett Mellish, Vines, and Co. (late Napier, VlncB, and Co.) 2 1 1 1 2 2 1 2 3 2,250 . 075 603 413 148 270 60 40 92 1,004 500 Ml 301 148 191 60 3» 72 16 4,752 2,052 Summary op Sales nunuea tub Season October 1st, 1872, to Dato. - Sales. Hales Cata- logued. Bales Sold. R. GoldBbrough and Co. II. Cuningham and Co. Tho London and Australian Agency Corporation Limited J. H. Clough and Co. C. J. Dennys and Co. George Synnot and Co. Guthrie, Bullock, and Co. .. Buckland and Burnett Mellish, Vines, and Co. (late Napier, Vines, and Co.) '.. l8 13 10 a 13 13 10 12 11 43,093 23,833 7,142 3,334 11,825 7,123 2,117 1,903 4,228 20,230 15,001 3,975 2,331 7,241 3,540 1,003 851 1,270 Total . 109 105,203 05,011 Messrs. Hastings Uuni.iouasi and Co. report of season 1872-73.-" Wool.-At the dato of our last monthly summary o declino in rnluo had been- established for all descriptions of wool excepting light greasy lota, suitable for the American market. A few sales wcro held prior to tho receipt of telegraphic advlco of tlio open- ing of tho 1'cbruary series of sales lu London, and about 2,300 balee wcro sold. Tho report of tho sales opening with a. declino in prlco of from Id. to ljd. per lb. upon tho closing rotee of tlie previous scries, caused considerable apprehension on tiiis side, and since then thoro lias been no business transacted here. Tlio bulk of this season's wool has gono' forward, but there aro yet somo late shorn clips to bo disposed of. . The exports show au increase, of 14,000 bales upon tho quantity shipped this timo last year. Until tlio market is again tested, wo cannot give quotations for tho various qualities and condi- tions of wools. . Freights aro firm, the rates being flvo-elghtbs of a penny for greasy and three farthings for washed, with a tendency upwards. The shipments since last reiiort aro as follow :-Ilydaspcs, 0,510 bales, cleared January 20 ; Hampshire, 2,022 bales, cleared January 30 ; Jerusalem, 3,940 bales, cleared February 3 ; Renown, 3,030 bales, cleared February 4 ; Asia, 5,300 bales, cleared February 14; Dolbadorn Castle, 2,470 bales, cleared February 14; Highflyer, 3,030 bales, cleared Fobruary 17 ; Clydo, 4,011 halos, cleared Fobruary 25. Total, 31,044 bales. Pre- vious shipments for London, 158,885 bales ; exports for America, 10,330 bales. Total shipments from 1st October, 1872, to 25th February, 1873, 200,259 bales ; corresponding period 1871-1872, 180,395 boles ; do. 1870-1871,170,183 bales; do. 1809-1870, 170,220 bales ; do. 1808-1800, 100,081 bales ; do. 1807-1803, 159,287 bales ; do. 1860-1807,143,882 bales. Probable quanti- ties to be taken by the following vessels :-Anglesey, 8,000 ; Essex, 1,600 (both about to clear) ; Queen of the Colonies, 2,500. Tho Thomas Stevens is also loading. Tim Batavia, 1,500 bales, is on tlio berth for Boston. Sheepskins.-We havo dis- posed of a largo quantity, but prices do not maintain our last quotations. Butchers' green skins nro worth from 3s. to 5s. Od. each ; polts from Is. to 2s. Gd. each ; dry station skins from 7d. to 8d. per lb. Hides.-Tho market lias been very firm, tlio local tanners taking a full supply. Ox hides brought from 25s. to 33s. each ; cow hides from 18s. to 22s. each ; calfskins from Od. to 7d. por lb. ; wet salted hides from 4Jd. to 5>d. per lb. The shipments of leather amount to 755 hales. Tallow.-Tho continu- ance of high rates for freight prevents buyers for ship- ment ojiernting. Wo have held four sales by auction, disposing of 300 casks for local consumption. Mutton fetched from £S3 to £3410s. per ton ; beof, £32 to £33; mixed, £30 to £32 ; inferior qualities, from £25 to £28 per ton. The abovo ships toko 3,147 casks for London. Kangaroo Skins.-Slnco last report we havo sold 200 dozen at priccSshowiiigau Improvement upon late rates. Large-sized skins in good condition are in demand." Tub London and Australian Aobxcv Coiu'okatio.v (Limited) report :-" Wool.-Tho stato of tlio markot at tlio limo of our last monthly report was dull, and is now heavily depressed in conseqiienco of the vory unsatisfactory nows received by public and private telegrams from Loudon of the serious, unexpected, and continuing decline in prices of all descriptions of wool slnco tho opening of the February sales. Our lost private telegram, dated London, 19th Fobruary, 0.45 p.m., is ns follona :-' Greasy and scoured, 2Í1. lower; washed fleece, 3d. lower. This intelligence has, consequently, caused a stagnation in our market, and no public sales havo slnco been held. Many of our constituents havo decided to ship to the London market, In profcrenco to accepting tho lower prices offered here, consequently our sales havo lieen nomi- nal during this last mouth, and Bliipmcnts to our London house increased. About 5,000 bales havo been offered, of which only some 1,790 bales havo been sold. Freights remain steady, viz.:-Qreasy, Jil. ; washed and scoured, }d. per lb. We give tlio following quotations, viz.:-Greasy.-In- ferior, Od. to 7d. per lb.; medium, 7Jd. to (id. do.; good, Old, to lid. do.; superior, lljd. to 13d. do. Sltpe.-Inferior, 7d. to Od. do.; medium, 10J. to Hid. do.; good, 12d. to Mil. do.; Buporlor, 14>d. to lud. do. Scoured.-Inferior, 10)d. to 14d. do.; medium, 14d. to 17Jd. do.; good, 18d. to 21d. do.; superior, 21d. to 24d. do. Fleece.-Inferior, lid. lo lßd. do.; medium, 12J<1\. to 18d. do.; good, 18W. to 21d. do.; superior, 211d. to 24d. do. Tho following ships havo cleared slnco our lost, viz.: 1873-Fob. 8, Jerusalem, for London, 4,011 bales; Feb. 4, Renown, for London, 3,039 do.; Fob. 14, Asia, for London, 6,200 do. ; Feb. 14, Dolbarden Castle, for London, 2,470 do.; Feb. 17, Hlglillvcr, for London, 3,100 do.; Feb. 2.1, Clyde, for London, 4,111 do.; ueld previous shipments, 177,702 do.; total fchlmncnts since 1st October, 1872, 103,739 bales. This Bhows on increase of of 13,475 tales over the ship menta to corresponding dato of last year. Shcopsklns, -The market has been well supplied, but prices havo suffered a proportionate decline with thoso of wool, and competition is veiy dull. Full-woolled skins sell from 3s. to 4s. Oil. each ; pelts, Is. to 2s. 3d. each. Dry station skins 3jd. to 7Jd. per lb. Hides remain firm, and competition brisk. Ox hides sell from 24s. to 33s. each ; cow hides, 18s. to 23s. each ; not salted, 4!d. to 6Jd. por Ib.; calfskins, Gd. to 71d. per lb. Tallow-Our sales have been well attended, and prices huvo shown an advance on last month's rates of from 10s. to 20s. per ton. Wo quoto-Mutton, £33 to £34 10s.; beef, £31 to £38; mixed, £30 to £33 6s.; and inferior, £20 10s. to £30 por ton. Tho ship- ments of tho month amount to 2,319 casks. Freights aro scarco, and firm at 80s. per toil. Stations.-During tlio past month the value of station proportlcs lins been fully tested by tho sales which havo been offected, somo first-class stations In New South Wales having sold up to 34a. per hoad. The adverso nowa rocoived during tho lost fow days from Loudon will necessarily tuud somewhat to hamper sales for the time boing, but wo are still of opinion that thora . will bo a ready solo for really good properties at satisfactory prices to Hie vendors for some months to como. Wo hove, in conjunction with Messrs. Dal. Camp, boll. Hepburn, and Co., sold tho Mount Clay Station, In tho Portland district, at a satisfac- tory price. Tho following sales havo boon nioeio during tho month :-Burrigan, Billabong Forest, . and M.inll Forest, with 30,000 alice]), _c; North and South Bolero, with 12,000 Bheep; South Avonuo, Penola, with 20,000 sheep and 100 cattlo ; Gogeldrio, Lachlan, New South Wales, with 4,100 cattlo ; Too- rale Station, Darling River, 1,200,000 acres, with 94,000 sheep and 13,000 lamba ; Boort Station, Lod- don ; Franklin Harbour Runs, Adelaide, with 21,010 Bhccp ; Springfield, Swan-hill, with 17,111 ahcop ; Katandra Station, Benalla, with 22,000 Bheop; Mur- gab Station, Murrumbidgee, with 21,000 sheep ; Pora Station, on the Darling River." Mcsbrs, J. II. Clough nnd Co. report :-"Wool. Since our last report for Januar}' niall thora has boon a period of dulncss and inaction in this markot not witnessed for a long tlnio bock. On tho 20th hist, a telegram appealed In tho publie press, to tho effect that tho London wool sales had been postponed, no reason having been given for Blich an unusual courte. Various conjectures wore formed ns to tlio cause, nuil, pending information thereon, tho sales in this market hove been hold over. Prior to this there had been five public salea held, at which 4,100 boles were submitted. Of this quantity, about one- half changed hands at prices slightly lu favour of buyers on lost muirs quotations. Telegrams of tlio opening of tho London February Enies having appear«! reporting a decline of fiom 2d. to id. on tlio different classes of wool, liai c had a very depressing effect hore, and transad lons have been very limited. Until tho publie sales have nguiu been resumed prices can only bo quoted na nominal. There is now very little woùl coming forward, as the season may bo considered as about terminated. Tho piospccts for tho ensuing clip mo highly promising, us there has seldom been so abundant a season for both feed and wator for tho stock, which is consequently In a most thriwng condition, giving fair expectation of a sound, well grown, and healthy eil]) for tho coming shearing. bliecpskhiB.-During tho month wo hoi o held our usual Bales, and havo sold an average supply ; prices, however, havo declined Bincc receipt of tho London telegrams reporting a decline in tlio prlco of wool, and presentquouitlousare-forfull-woolledskins, 3s. to 5s. Od. ; polts, Oil. to 2s. Gd. each ; und dry station skiiiB, Cd. to 7Jd. per lb. Hides.-There has been alargo quantity biouglit fornard at our soles, which hove been well competed for hy tho local taimors at finn prices. Quotations ate-for bittchors' green ox, 25s, to 35s. ; cow, 18s. to 21s. each ; wet-salted, 4'd. to Old. ; and calfskins, Gd. to 7Jd. per lb. Primo cured New Zealand hides wo havo sold up to Old. »or lb. Tallon'.-Wo havo held our . usual weekly sales during the month, and have to report a al .lit i_[>rovcm_it in tho market AVo hare Bold 233 cas ki at,Uie following prices, vie.:-For Inferior, £20 to £30 ; mixed, £31 to £33 ; beef, £32 to £33 ; and mutton, at £34 5s. per ton. Leather.-We havo held four sales hy auction since our lost monthly report, and have brought forward a considerable quantity of various descriptions, and liaro sold, by auction and privately, at the following prices, viz.:-Crop, 10|<1\. to Is.-, kip, 17d. to 23d.; calf, 2s. Od. to 3s. Od.; kangaroo, black Is. lOd. to 2a. 4d., brown Is. lOd. to 2s. 2d.; wallaby. 2s. 6d. to 2s. Od.; harness, I4d. to lOd. per lb.; basils, 7s. to Os. Cd. |icr dozen. Kangaroo Ski?». -AVo have disposed of several lots at 3s. to 10s. for small, 10-, to 20s. for medium, and 20s. to 40e. for largc-Blzi " skins. . Mimosa Bark.-Prices are, for ground, £B to £5 10a.; chopped, £3 10s. to £4 per ton." REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The Increased activity by which this market was characterised during tho mouth of January, as uoted in our last Summary, prevailed for several days after the departure of the mail, and favourite mining com- panies were largely dealt in, at further considerable advances In market value. But tho high prices to which the leading stocks had then attained, induced holders to endeavour to realise their profits, and speculative sellers immediately taking advantage to liear'thc market for a fall, top rates could not bo sus- tained, and prices commenced to droop. Sovora disappointments In mining prospects occurring about the same time, added to the depression of thcurarket, and tho result has been an extremely fluctuating, but on the wholo falling, market, prices, varying con- siderably day by day, but for most Sandhurst stockB closing at a heavy reduction ou tho prices current three weeks since, and ¡n many casca lower than the rates quoted by last mall. Tlie principal fluctuations ha va been in Garden Gully Freehold, Hustlcr'a Reef, New Moon, United Perseverance, and Victoria Quartz, which havo all advanced lu prico, and in Extended Hustler's Tribute, Boyal Hustler's, Hustler's Keserve, Richard neales, Johuson'e, and Dagmar, which closed at reduced rotes. For other than Sandhurst mines the demand continues comparatively limited, and prices' show little change, except in Band and Albion Consols, Koh-i-noor, and Devonshire,.which have receded ; and In Cornish (Daylesford), Eaglehawk Union, and Lothalr, which havo improved. For general investment stocks there lias been a moderate demand, and bank shares, bolng not very freely offorod, have commanded a slight advance in prico. Deben- tures allow llttlo change in value. Tho now Govern- ment four per cent, loan has been a comparative fail- ure, only a small portion having been as yet taken up. the limit being considered too high. Particulars will bo found in another column. Goa and insurance shares have had little business. Meat-preserving shores hove fallon in value. Tho usual half-yearly meetings of the following public companies hove beon held during tho month, and are reported elsewhere : Tho Bank of A'lctorla, Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Hallway Company; Southern, National, and Aus- tralasian Insurance Companies ; Bendigo, Geelong, and AVilllamstown Gas Companies ; Fulton's Foundry, and Gipps Land Steam Navigation. The mining divi- dends for the month amount to £31,900, as particu- larised below. Owing to a miners' strike at Sawoll there is no dividend this month from the Cross Reef Pleasant Creek Company. Debentures.- Victoria Government six per cents, have had only a moderate extent of business during the month ; sales £115 10s. to £116, closing about same ; do. five per cents, quiet at £109 sellers ; no transactions reported. Molbouhie Corporation six per cents, obtainable at £112 10s. M. and II. B. U. Rail- way six per cents, obtainable about sarao prico. Now South Wales live per cents, hove chaugdl hands at £107 to £107 15s., and ore iii tho market at £103. Queensland four per cents, changed hands at price withheld. Banks.-Ballarat changed hands at £7 7s., and woidd bo taken at £7 Os. Colonial havo had a fair extent of business, avlea ranging from £8 2s. to £3 6s., closing with buyers at £8 4B. Od. ; seller £3 6s. Commercial wore dull for a llttlo after payment of dividend, but have slnco improvod, and changed banda at £5 8s. to £510s. ox div. Laud Mortgage placed to a limited extent at 50s. tools.; stock not much offered on the market. Notional, Holbourne register, have had a finn markot, shares being placed at from £0 0s. to £6108. Od., closing buyor £6 0s. Od.,seller £6 10s. Od.; and Adelaide register hi the markot at £610s. Na- tional, Queensland, in request at £4 2s. Od., at which some shores changed hands. Now South Wales would be taken at £47. Union in the market at £50. Vic- toria held for £47 ex div., buyers about £46. Gas.-Ballarat nominal at £12 Boiler. Collingwood havo been placed at £10 3s. and £10 4s. ox div., and have buyer al same, seller asking £1010s. Melbourne quiet at £0 15b. seller for £5 paid up. South Mel- bourne would be taken at liar, and have sellers at 11s. Insurance, ic-Australian Alliance In request at 42s.; shares not offered. National sold at 3s. 3d. to 3s. Od., and have buyer at 3s. 3d. Southern have liad a very dull market, and prices have given way, shares being offered at 13s. 6J. without finding buyer. M. and II. B. U. Railway would bo taken at £51 ox illv. ; shares held for £50. Melhourno Mcot-prcsorving Com- pany have Buffered a further reduction, shares being quitted at 80s., and have sollor now at 81s. Mel- bourne Omnibus Company offered at 40s. Mines.-Ballarat and Other Districts-Band and Albion Consols havo had a very depressed market, and In the absence of support, prloc3 have glvon way considerably ; sales reported from 45s. to 33s., and ono lamo parcel quitted at under 80s., exact prico withheld. Black Horso had a limited business at 29s. to 33s., closing about 30s. Bonshaw hove had on ex- tremely limited business, aud close with sollor at £9. Crown Cross nominal at £34 to £36. Clunes Consols have receded from last month's ratoB.andclosodull, with seller at 32s. Cornish, Daylesford, continuo lu re- quest, ond would command higher price, but shares not offered ; buyer £250. Cornish, Bright, havo had a falling market, receding from 12s. Od. to 7s., and closing dull. Duke of Dovonshiro had business at 2s. Cd. to 3s. Od., but hove since receded to Is. 9d. and close dull. Devonshire havo had a largo business, but at very' fluctuating prices, rising from 12s. to 17s. Od., falling afterwards to 8s. cuni div., and finally closing willi buyer at 9s. 6d. ex div. Eaglehawk Union, Maldon, havo beena favourite stock with Investors; ond though pricos have fluctuated during the month, thev close at a good advanco on opening rato ; sales from 43s. Od. to 65s. (k1., back to 04s. Od., finally closing about 53s.; crushing expected to be commenced in ' a ' fou- days. Koh-i-noor havo had little busi- ness, and prices have rcccdod from 013. to 02s. Long Tunnel sold to a limited extent at £126 to £127. Lothalr havo been In slightly Improved request, and hov'o ndvnnccd from 33s. to 53s. buyer, with 603. asked. Magdala had a limited business at 42. to 45s. New- ington and Pleasant Crook havo slightly improved ; intermediate sold at 48s. to GOs., and wonted at latter; paid-up 'AOitli 03s. New North Clunes have had very little business this month, nominal quota- tion about £75. Now- Caledonia sold at 30s. to 31s., and close with seller at 30s. North Gipps Land havo been pressed on the market at falling rates without finding buyers, shares oflcrcd down to 35s. Pork hove had a limited business at 7s. Gd. to 9a. Prince of AValcs, Sebastopol, neglected, sollor at 7s. Od. Saints quite 'neglected until a few days past, when, owing to impiavco prospects, shares carno Into revuiest, buyers orien lug up to 15s., shores not offered. St. Georgo and Baud without reported business, and prices quite nominal. Sultan, Blackwood, have Improved to buyer nt 27s., shares scarce. Tookey continuo neglected, full shares obtainable at £14. United Albion and Prince of AA'oles havo had a limited busi- ness at Improving rates, solea 9s. 6d. to Ila. Od., closing at lutter. United Hand and Bond, double, hove had a fliictiioliug business, receding from 303. to 25s., but since improving again to 33s., at which thoy close seller. United Poverty sold to a limited oxtcnt at 4s.', lid. to 4s. 3d., closing 6s. offered, 0s. Cd. asked. Al'alha'la lu tho marked at £211. AVintor's Freehold quite neglected, shares offered at £25. Sandhurst.-Avondale changed hands at 7s. to 8a., and c-lose with seller nt 7s. Oil. Civlhcrme Rest VlUvod. sold to o limited extent at 03., and obtainable about esme. ; Coliman and Tucchl have occasional inquiries, but liltlo business ; shaies offered at 13s. Equity had mi improved market; sales from 4s. Od. to Ga., closing about; fis. (k1. Ellesmere sold to a limited extent rît Ils. to 12s., closing about 11s. Od. seller. Extended Hustler's Freehold had on Improved market along with the adjoining claims, shares being placed at from 2_i. to 30s.; tho advanco, liowovor, has since boon entirely lost, ond thoy closo dull at about opon lug rate. Garden Gulle United sold to a mode- rato' ^xlent at 72s. to 75s., closing quiot. Gurdon Freehold-This has boon ono.of tho most favourite stocks of tho month, having had numerous transactions at rising rates, and closing at doublo tho opening prico ; sales from 0s. up to 21s. ; then, in consequence of work having to bo Btopped to fix punna tho innrket bocamo very dull, and sharos lccede^l to 13s.; thoy havo since Improved again, and closo firm about 17s. Od. G, G. Consolidated almost entirely neglected ; ono solo at 10s. Goldon Ago have had a |vnrying market, following tho fluctuations in Johnson's, rising from 7s. Od. to 03. Od., rccoJIng again to 7s. Golden Fleeco woro lu good request lu tho oai;ly part of the mouth, and advanced from £4 to, £5 ; tho yield having falling off somewhat, prices havo again receded, mid close below opening rate, eales being i hade down to 77s. . 4s. Od. dividend paid during, the mcnitli. Tributes neglected, and pricos nominal. Great extended Htistlor's havo had a modoroto business, at, on tho whole, rathor receding pricos, snlcs ranging between £12 6s. and £11 2s. Od., and closing about £12 ; 10s. paid in dividends during | tho month. Great Extended Hustler's No. 1 Tribute-This atock maintains ¡la oharaotor fon great fluctuations In value Shares were dull, with occasional sales ut 03s. to 05s., when sud- denly-, jon a supposed improvement In tho Btono being Isiink through in tlio shaft, au eager demand set lu, and In a fow hours tho prico rose to £0 7s. Od. The reported improvement not being confirmed, tho market rapidly gavo way, and shares receded till 57s. (k1, was reached ; from this tlioy recovered to 038., falling aftorwarda to 52s., and finally closing about C5s. Is. Od. dividend paid. Hercules had somo Inquiry at about ¡l8«, to 20s. ; no sales reported. Htist- lor's Consols United Tribute sold to a limited extent ut 48. Gd. to 5s. 3d. Htistlor's Reef havo im- proved prospects ; shares have advanced from 283. to 36b.,, closing firm. Hustlor's Rosorvo hod a good demand, and advanced to 18s. Od., hut wore affected by tho fall In Royal Hustlor's, and woro pressed down to 8s., bIiico recovering to 11s., at which thoy closo. Imperial Hustler's Frcohold advanced from 8s. to 11s., hut have receded again, and close dull at Gs. 9d. Johnson's Reef-Tills 6tock was In groat favour during the first half of tho month, and advanced 60 per cent, ovor tho closing prico of previous month, sales being mudo from £5 up lo £7 10s. ; they have Binco hod o very irregular markot, receding to £3 7s. Gd., and since then fluctuating bolw-oou that price and £510s., closing at about £3 16s. Lazarus nominal, at about 18s. to 20s.; do. No. 1 had business nt 17s. Gd. to IPs. 3d., and eloso at about 183. Od. Liver- pool had a limited business at 17s. Gd. to 18s., and closo dull. Latham and AVotson'B Tributo changod hands nt 2s. Gd. lo 3s. 6d., and closo with soliera at 3s. 3d. Now Chum omi Victoria Tributo had a dopressod moikct most of the month, shores being quitted from £11 down lo £37 103., closing at tlio improvod rato of £11 buyer. Now- Moon continuo to show 1m proved piospcctB ; sale3 from 10s. to 133. Gd., closing seller at latter. North Hustlor's would find buyor ut 6s. Od., selléis asking 0s. North Johnson's rocoded from 80s. to 20s. od., hut hove improved at closo, nnd In icqucst np to 30s.; Is. Gd. paid in dividends. Now Chum lind llellevuo Railway Reservo have had n limited business at prices fluctuating between 14s. and 10s., closing dull. North Old Chum havo had a limited business at 30s. Gd. to 33s. Od., and obtalnablo at 3f,s. Old Chum placed to o modoralo extent at prices ranging hotween 26s. Gd, and 29a. Ploncor hod business at Bf.f. to 51s., hut close quiet, seller at 06s. Princesa Dagmar-This atock has (luctuatod with tho Johnson's, rising from 10s. Od. to 22s., receding otter wards and finally closing about 11s. Rainbow Tribute have had a limited business at between Os. aud 7s. Richard Ilcalcs have had considerable business during the month at very fluctuating prices, sales from 20s. Gd. to 33s. Gd., slnco which thoy have had an irregular market, salea ranging between 33s. and 21s., and closing dull, witli sellers at latter. Tlie fluctuations in value were owing to rc|x>rta of stone struck lu ciosscut aud shaft, neither of which as yet known to bo |iayal)Io ; do. Tribute No. 1 have fluctuated with Hie company sales, ranging between Gs. Gd. and 8s., closing bend's at former. Rose of Denmark have had a limited business at 18s. to 10s., closing about 18s. Roy al Hustler's hove licen largely deolt in, and rose considerably in anticipation of tlie reef proving jiay oblc, but the trial not being satisfactory pricc3 rapidly receded und fell considerably below opening rates, recovering aoniewliat -at close, salea from 65s. to 50s. Gd., falling to 32s. Gd., finally closing about 38a. to 40s. Tho reef is being further prospected. South New Moon had an improved market, and lose from 2s. 9d. to 5s. 3d., closing rather easier, with seller at 4s. 9d.* Shenandoah Tribute had a limited business at 5s. Gd. to 7s., but closo dull at Gs. Gd. St. Mungo Hill neglected, price quite nominal. Union Jack dull at about Is. Oil. United Johnson's Improved from 14s. Od. to 18s. Gd., but close quiet. United Perseverance had a good, business nt improving ratos, shares being placed at from 9s. Gd. to 16s. Gd., closing quiet at about 14s. Gd. Unity havo a wide market, seller 19s., buyer 10s. Victoria Gold Mines without reported business. Victoria Quart« havo greatly Improved prospects, and shares havo doubled in value, sales from 21s. to 46s. Wilson's havo been inquired for at 10s. Od. to 11s., shares not offered in this market. Tlio milling dividends declared during the four weeks ending February 22 amount to £81,900, of which £70,970 wera distributed by quartz and £4,921 3s. by alluvial companies. Tho dividends in detail are as follow :-For weok ending February 1 ¡-Gladstone, Maryborough, la. per 0,000th, £300 ; Cornish, Dayles- ford, 10s. por 1,300th, £050; Groat Extended Hustler's Tribute, Sandhurst, 2s. Gd. per 28,000th, £3,500 ; Golden Fleece, Sandhurst, 3s. 6d. pcr20,OO0th, £3,500 ; Empire, Sandhurst, Gd. per 24,000th, £000 ; Al (Carshalton), Sandhurst, 3d. per 24,000th, £300 ; Australian, Sandhurst, Od. por24,OOOth,£000 ; Bendigo and Ballarat Freehold, Sandhurst, Gs. per 600th, £159 ; Golden Stream, Smythesdale, 7a. Gd. per 2,000th, £750. For week ending Icbruary B:-Queen Victoria, Cana- dians, Is. per 2,500th, £125 ; Union, Diamond Creek, Gd. per 20,000th, £600; Seaham, Maryborough, l8, per 0,000th, £300 ; Great Extondcd Hustler's, Sand- hurst, 6s. per 28,000th, £7,000; Old Chum, Sand- hurst, Gd. per 27,000th, £075 ; North Johnson's, Sand- hurst, Gd. per 22,000th, £550; Hansel Monday, Sandhurst, Gd. per 24,000th, £000 ; Kitto's Tribute, Sandhurst, 5d. per 24,000th, £500 ; Ironbark, Sand burst, Is. ]>er 9,000th, £460 ; Eastwood's Quartz, Sandhurst, £5 10s. per 1,000 shares. £132 ; M'Intosh Tribute, Sandhurst, 15s. per 1,000 shares, £15 ; Lonj Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £2 per 2,400th, £4,800. For week ending Fobruary 15 :-Johnson's Reef, Sand- hurst, 0s. per 28,000th, £8,400 ; Golden Fleece, Sand- hurst, 2s. Gd. per 20,00011), £2,590 ; St. Michael's Mount Tributo, Sandhurst, 3d. por 24,000th, £300 ; Queen, Maryborough, Is. per 0,000th, £300; Golden Lako, Smythesdale, Gs. per 4,400th, £1,320 ; Cornish, Dayles- ford, 10s. pcrl,300th,£000 ; Wolhalla.Strlngcr'sCreek, £2 per 000th, £1,200 ; Union, Diamond Creek, Od per 20,000th, £760 ; Little Nuggetty Tribute, Castlemaine, £8 per 50th, £-148 ; Devonshire, Castlemaine,) Is. per 20,000th, £1,000; Koh- i-noor, Ballarat, 5s. per 3,200th, £800. For week ending Februaiy 22 : Great Extended Hustler's, Sandhurst, 5s. per 28,000th, £7,000 ; North Johnson's, Sandhurst, Is. jwr 22,000th, £1,100 ; Shenandoah Tribute, Sandhurst, Gd. per 24,000th, £000 ; Kitto's Tribute, Sandhurst, 3d. per 24,000th, £300 ; Cullcn's Tributo, Sandhurst, 3d. per 24,000th, £300; Rose of Denmark, Sandhurst, Gd. lier 21,000th, £G0O; Old Chum, Sandhurst, Is lier 27,000th, £1,350 ; Possby, Sandhurst, £5,520 ; North Garden Gully, Sandhurst, £7,000; Carlisle, Sandhurst, £4,500 ; I'arado, Ballarat, Is. per 3,200th, £100; Wallaby, Ovens, 9Jd. per 3,000th, £118 15s.; Elelorodo, Smythesdale, £5 per 80th, £400; Eureka, Sandhurst, Gd. per 2 !,W0lh,£GOO ; Princess Alexandra, Sandhurst, 3d. per 24,000th, £300 ; Eastwood's Quartz, Sandhurst, 90s. per 1,000 shares, £108; Johnson's Reef, Sandhurst, 3s. Gd. per 28,000th, £4,1)00 ; Now North Clunes, Clunes, £1 por 2,050th, £2,050 ; Coster- field1 G. and A. Company, Heathcote, 10s. lier 2,000th, £1,000; United Albion Company, Ballarat, Is. por 0,448th, £322 8s. Tile districts from which the above mining divi- dends aro derived rank as follows in order of amount distributed:-Sandhurst, £04,050; Gipps Land, £0,000 : Smythesdale, £2,470 : Chinos, £2,030 ; Cas tlcmuiiie, £1,448; Ballarat, £1,407 8s.; Daylesford, £1,300; Diamond Creek, £1,260; Maryborough, £900; Beechworth, £118 16s.; making a gross total for tho two tuail periods to date of £168,191 Gs. 8d., to which a considerable further sum would require to lie added for private companies and for public companies not reported. The dividends declared by public companies other than mining since doporluro of last mail aro as -follow, viz. :-Commercial Bank of Australia, at rate of 7 [ter cent, per annum, £5,000 ; Bank of Victoria, rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £25,000 ; National In- surance of Australasia, rate of 9 per cent, £050; Geelong Gas and Coko Company, rate of 10 por cent, lier annum, £1,207 4s.; Williamstown Gas Company, at rate of 8 per cent, per annum, £200; Bondigo Gas and Coko Company, mte of 0 per cent., £1,350 ; Mel- bourne and Hobsons Bay United Railway Company, role of 8 per cent, per annum, £10,011 ; Fulton Foundry Company, rato of 8 per cent, per annum, £822 6s. 4d.; Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company, 7s. Gd. per share, £1,71512s. Gd. STOCK AND SHARE LIST 1 Ainoun of Ixion Thursday, Keb. 27. 1 Dbiibmuuks. Closing Prices. £ £ 1000000 Viet. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 0 ier cent. 110 800000 Viet. Government (local), 5 percont. 109 . 100000 Molbourno Corporation, 0 por cent. 112 10000 Ballarat Water, 8 per cent - Ballarat Municipal, 0} per cont. .. - Collingwood Gas, G per cent. 102} 50C00 Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent Melb. & H. B. United, 8 103-107 30300 icr cont. - 185400 153300 111 100000 05 20000 Nelson (N.J5.) Gov., 8 per cent. .. - Last °S, t c 2 Public Companies. div. percont por Closing Prices. u a, annum. £} £ £ hanks. ) £ 55000 10 5 Bal. Bankg. (Limit) 10 10 1 Do., now issue .. 437500 10 GI Colonial of Austral. 8 81 220000 10 4 Commorclal of Aus- t tralia (Limited).. 7 5} íooopo 10 Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (Limited).. G000O0 C 4 National of Austral. 10 Gi 1000000 20 20 Now South Wales.. 12} 47-50 600000 50 25 f Victorla(Mel.rog.' t Do. (London reg.] Ul 47 oooooo 10 Land Mortgago OA9 COMl'AXIKS. 10 2J-2Ï 30000 10 7 Ballarat .. 12 111-12 2490S & 6 Bendigo 0 01-0} 149S0 6 5 Castlemaine 5 75000 5 6 Collln'w'd k Fitzroy Daylesiord(Limited; IO1 101-10} 2080 10 G 121 - 24430 5 4 Geelong .. 10 «1 1 i 6 3 ) ( 8 4 210000 1 f> 6 !. Melbourne J 8 mj-ii 110 10 ) \ 8 IN3UI1AKCH. 125000 6 21 Austral. Fire it Mar. 10 26000 0 ¿¡Australasian Lifo .. 10 _ 40000, D l,Auslraliuu Alliance. 10 42}s4?ls 182Ü0 - 1 National Fire lusur. li 3s. Gd. 100000, 5 Ï Southern Insurance 6 13s. Gd. 40C00 60 1 llVictoria Lifo _ Gon. 10 3-31 100000 50 25 Victoria Flic ft Mur. 8 30-31 1 MISCELLANEOUS. < 17875; 10 ' G Gipps Lud. SteaniN. 8 - 37600, 10 ,71 Maritime _ General l| Credit Co. (Limit.) 121 - 3S4G0 - G Melb. Meat-Prcsrvg. 10 4 12338, 50 60 Molbourno Exch'ngo G 17 12000 1 1 1 Studley Tari: Bridge a - 7000 £0 20 Victorian Ice 12} 18-19 ¡ RAILWAYS. 534700 50 50Mclb.S,IIob.B,ayUd. 0 52 * And bonus. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT I REPORT. Mr. S. Do Burr reports:-"Since dato of my last circular of tho 30th lilt., the great activity willoh thou pervaded tho loading berth homowards, bus, owing to ' tlie now advanced period of tho wool season, naturally been succeeded by a lull lu that respect ; tlio amount of tonnngo reported ns having cleared lost month being 14,295, willie on tlie preseut occasion that fall- ing to bo advised aggregates only 7,294 tons, and In- cludes the Jerusalem, 901 ; Renown, 1,293 ; Dolbadorn Castlo, ps9 ; Asia, 2,054 ; Higliflyor, 1,012 ; and Clyde, 1,0-10 ; all for Loudon ; while tho berth is occupied by the Anglesey, 1,018; Essox, 1,042; Lincolnshire, 1,025 ¡Qiicon of tho Colonies, 1,340 ; Thomas Stephens, 1,607 ; |Erlo, 1,011 ; and Loch Tay, 1,101 ; also all for] tlio abovo - port, together with the North i German barque Batavia, 300 tons, for Boston, U.S. During the month rates of freight for nil Bccondory articles of produco hovobeon fully inoln tallied, but, as was to be anticipated, our chlof artlclo of export-viz., wool-has Buffered a declino, the quantity now available for shipment being but limited, and Consequently competed for. Indeed, nero it not for tho largo number of ships taken up to load at Adelaide, thcio is no doubt but that freights generally would now hu ruling much miller those now bolug obtained. Tlio follón hut aro our prcsont current rates, which havo prevailed during: almost tho wholo of tho mouth; viz.-Wool, 6d. for greasy and 3d. for scoured; wheat, in sacks, 05s. to 07s. Od. ; tallow, 85s lo 00s. ; Leathor, 00s. per 20cnt. ; cased meats, 05s. to 70s. por 40ft. Tho activo demand for tonnngo to load brendstuffs at Adelaide, as advised in my lost, has considerably Blnclioned, owing to tho difficulty and dolay in getting produco to tho seaboard, as wolf as tho want of auf llclent loading accommodation at tho port for tho largo Hoot of ships already there, willoh lias forcod charterers, whoso lay days wore oxplring, to rolot space at'768., a figuro considerably undor chartered rates. This trodo must continuo for soveral months to absorb a considerable quantity of our surplus tonnage, and since my last advices sovoral ships o! largo tonnage havo beon token up at fully last month's rates, the particulars of which aro noted In anoihor part of Ulla circular. No clcoranooa. with horses to any of tho Indian ports havo occurred, owing In a great inoasuro to tho scarcity of tonnngo, as noll as tho lateness of tho season, out a vessel of medium tonnngo could bo placed for Colombo at a fair rato. It Is vory pleasing to be able to state that the general and long-continued strike amongst tho cool miners at Non-castlo, Now South Wales, which proved so disastrous to tho interests of Hie owners and char- terers of the largo number of ships detained for cargo during its continuance, has at longtli boon happily brought to an end, work hoi Ing boon resumed at the, soi eral pits on 7th hist., and vessels which nrrivod there Iii' tlio beginning of January aro now being rapidly despatched, whilo engagement- of soveral ships have since been made hero nt enhanced tates of freight. Tho chartering business of tho month has been considerable, tlie engagements off eel» I being os follows, vis,:-Ooah),Srdnoy to Shanghai,Thormouyl-, 047, nndCuttv Sark, «21, 44s.; Rebecca OoddirJ, 413, 459.; and with similar cargo from Nowcastlo to lion? Kong,tlieFcarIcss DOO, Thomas Brown 200,and Solid 1S7, at 40s. respectively ; together with tho Janet Stewart, for Saigon, on private terms ; schooner Stanley, Ado- laido to Batavia, with brcadstuffa, 45s. ; Swedish barquo Charlotte, 414, Fremantle to Shanghai, with sandalwood, at 70s., and back to Melbourne, from a port in the Philippines, at 40s. for sugar ; colonial owned iron barque E. J. Spence, 519, to food rice at Rangoon for this port, 70s.; Thomas Brown, 200, Foo- chow to Melbourne, with teas, on tcnns kent private. To load wheat at Adelaide for a port In tlie United Kingdom-Tlio Loch Kotrlno 1,200, City of Delhi 1,109, Talisman 1,020, Earl Dalhousie 1,017, Khandelsh 1,008, at £4 2s. Gd. respectively; Knight Commander, 1,43G, for similar business, terms private; also the Meridian, 392, at £1 5a. per 20owt. ; Gcorgo Treat, 030 tons, Adelaido to Loudon, with o full cargo of balk, at a lump sum of £2,450 ; and Loch Toy, 1,191, hence to Loudon with general produce, which rate did not transpire, " said to be £5,300. Tlie present current rates of freight for coals, loading at Newcastle, New South AValea, aro aa, follow, viz. :-Hong Kong, 403. ; Shanghai, 44b. ; Manilla, 35s. ; Singapore, 32s. ; Yokohama, 42a. ; Java, - 28s. ; Honolulu, 30s. ; Sou Francisco, 408\. In the intercolonial trade a brisk demand oxisU for shipping to load coals at Newcastle for Molbourno, at 14s. to Hobson's Bay, while In tho other branches no animation is exhibited. Sales during the month. Georgina, 315 tona, built at Barnstaple in 1807, thou classed Al for 13 years, for £3,300 ; Flying Squirrel,, 70 tons, built at Holiart Town in 1840, for £1,000." Messrs. AwnKD AVootitRT and Co. report;-"Since our last advices, dated 30th tilt., arrivals hove been on a moderate scale, and with the exception of ono or two vessels held back, the others have all secured pro- fitable employment. During the early port of this month a considerable number of engagements were concluded for Adelaide account at full rates of freight, but within tho last ton daya tho demand for tonnage boa almoat ceased, owing to a great rise in. the prico of wheat. The lull is generally tnotight.to, bo. only tem- porary, it being oxpected that tho market will ero long return to Its former lovel, for at prcsont rates pur- chases cannot bo mode for home orders. As tho wheat baa to ho Bhlppcd, tho growers will cither hove to accept lower rotea or ship on own account, conse- quently wo look for tonnage being in request at former rotes as eoou as the loading fleet get away. After tho miners resumed work nt Now- | castle, on the 7th InBt-, an active demand aroso for tonnage to China and other foreign jiorts, and within the last fortnight a larger number of transac- tions than usual havo to bo recorded at extreme rates of freight. As same ratea aro still readily obtalnablo, and likely to bo maintained, wo look to this business absorbing tho larger share of disengaged tonnage to arrive For London-Tho clearances aro the Hamp- shire, Jerusalem, Renown, Dolbadcru Castle, Asia, Highflyer, and Clyde, 'leaving on tho berth tho Angle- sey, Erio, Essox, Lincolnshire, Lodi Tay, Queen of tho Colonies, and Thomas Stephens. Freights for wool have receded to Jd. and Jd. per lb., but for othor descriptions of cargo havo been fully uphold, and with the promise of largo shipments of wheat from this, there should be no necessity for any reduction In tho existing rates of freight If only ordinaiy prudence Is observed lu laying ships on tho berth. For Calcutta-Ships aro wanted for tho conveyance of horses thither,, and will bo for some time to come, judging from latest cabio advices. For Batavia-Tlie Fingal loads oools at Nowcastlo under existing charter. For Hong Kong-Tlio Laura and Georgina have China charters. Tho--earless and Thomas Brown havo been fixed hero ; all the abovenomed load at Nowcastlo. For Shanghai-Tlio Thormopyko, Cutty Sark, and Rebecca Goddard, accepted charters to load In Sydnoy. Tho Titania goes to Newcastle to load undor homo en- gagement. For Singapore-Notwithstanding tho high rates offering, no engagements havo been made For the 1'hiiippiucs and uack ships can still ho placed at our quototlona. Chartere effected aro as follow : City of Delhi, 1,199, Adelaldo to London, 82a. Gd.; Loch Katrine, 1,200, Adelaide to London, lump sum,; Gcorgo Treat, 030, Adelaide to London or Liverpool, £2,600 ; Earl Dalhousie, 1,047, Adelaldo to direct port unknown, 80s. ; Meridian, 392, Adolaido for orders, 85x; Talisman, 1,020, Adelaide to direct port, 82s. OU; Khandolsh, 1,008, AA'nkcfleld to Liverpool, 858.; Leading Star, 249, Launceston to London, 81s.; Ther- mopylae 947, Sydney to Shanghai, 44s.; Cutty Sark, 921, Sydnoy to Shanghai, 44s.; Rebecca Goddard, 413, Sydney to Shanghai, 45s.; Fearless, 900, Newcastle to Hong Kong, 40s.; Thomas Brown, 270, Nowcastlo to Hong Kong, 40s., aud back from Foo-cliow-foo, on private terms; E, J. Spence, 510, to Rangoon and i back, 76s. ; Jónica Wilson, 336, Frcuiontle to Shanghai, private ; Erio, 1,01.1, and Loch, Tay,| 1,101, Mclbounio to London, private. Freight Quotations.-Mclbounio to. London-Wool, |¡d. and Jil. per lb.; wheat, 70a. (Iron ships); tallow, 90s.;; preserved meats, 70s.; leather and skins, Jd. per lb.; copper, 5a. S.A. Port to London or Liverpool, 80s.,' nominal ; Ncvvcastloto Shanghai, 45s.; to Hong Kong, 40s.; to Philippines, 40s.; to Yokohama, 403.; to Bombay, 82s.; to Calcutta, 20s.; to Singaporo, 34s.; to Batavia, 20s.; to Mauritius, 25s.; to Son .Fran- cisco', 35s.; to King George's Sound, 25s. Sydnoy to Shanghai, 44s. ; Hong Kong, 35s. Newcastle to Philippines and back, 80s. per ton on tho round." ! SHIPPING OF THE MONTH, ¡ PORT OF MELBOURNE. AnniVALS AND CIjEARAKCKS SINCE OUR LAST SUMMABX. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish; D" Dutch; F., French; Oh., Chilian; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; Hu., Hanoverian; T.,.Italian ; N., Norwegian ; N. G., North Connan ; 8., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Bolg., Belgian ; Br., \- Bremen; it., Hussion; s., ship; b., barquo; br.', brig ; se., schooner ; s.S., steamer.] AniUVKD, Jan. 30\. Anglesey, B. s., 1,018, Herbert Brett, Loudon,-J. H. White and Co. 30\. Earl Dalhousie, B. B., 1,017, James Henderson, London.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 80\. Essex, B.B., 1,042, AV. II. Merryman, Plymouth. IW. 1*. Whito and Co. 30\. James AVIlsou, B.b., 830, N. Heath, Foo-chow. Grlco, Sumner, and Co. 30\. Flodden, B.b., 337, Henry Batt, Mauritius. Joshua Bros. Feb., 1\. Khandelsh, B.b., 1,003, James Scnnett, Liverpool. -Bright Brothors and Co. 1\. Claymore, B.b., 278, John Dakiel, Batavia.-F. AV. Prcll and Co. 2\. Lnju, B.b., 650, Thomas D. Scott, Sourabaya. A'lctorla Sugar Company. 3\. Knight Commander, B.s., 1,430, H. Slap, Liver- pool.-Lorimer, Marwood, aud Rome. 0\. Masonic, A. h., 639, I, Lninplicr, Boston,-Nowcll and Co. 5\. Georgina, B. b., 315, AVm. Dalgleish, Hong Koug.-L. Kong Meng and Co. 7\. Elizabeth, B. li., 200, J. G. H. Guest, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 7\. Leading Star, B. br., 249, J. J. Pearson, Mauritius. -Boyd and Currie. 8\. Talisman, B. s., 1,020, Richard Duff, London. A'irgoc, Son, and Co. 8\. Rebecca Goddard, A. I)., 413, Win. C. Manson, Boston.-Newell and Co. 8\. Laura, N. O. b., 327, G. II. C. Horn, Foo-chow. James Henty and Co. 8\. Meridian, B. b., 332, Henry Wilkinson, Mauritius. -Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 10\. Lass o'Gavvlcr, B. br., 223, J. 0. Dixon, Foo-chow. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 10\. Erato, S. b., 510, Gustav F. Gadda, LJusuo. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 11\. Thomas Stephens, B. s., 1,607, R. Richards, Lon- don.- Oeo. Martin and Co. 11\. Island City, B. b., 420, Malcolm R. Brown, Sin- gapore.-F. AV. Prollaiul Co. 11\. Flnzol, B. h., 487, It. Boas, Probollngo, Java. A'ictoila Sugar Company. 12\. Cutty Sark, B. s., 921, F. AV. Mooro, London. A'lrgoo, Son, and Co. 17\. Mooltan, R.M.S.S., 2,257, J. C. Almond, Galle. F. R. Kendall. 10\. Loch Toy, B. e.,1,191, Alox. Scolt.Glosgow-Holmes, AVhlto, and Co. 20\. Lincolnshire, B, 8., 1,025, Edwin Davos, London, AA'. P. AA'hlto and Co. 20\. City of Florence, B. a., 1,200, John Hunter, Lon- don_Bright BroB. and Co. 22\. Otago, B. s.S., 015, Thomas Underwood, Hong Kong.-M'Mcekan, Blackwood, and Co. 23\. Nil Desperandum, B. br., 157, J. A'. Lauo, Fiji. Jos. M'Evvon and Co. CLtiAttED OUT. Jan. , 29\. Hydaspes, B, 8,, 2,003, E. S. Babot, London. Bright Brothers and Co. 30\. Bergfors and Son, S. !>., 700, F. G. O. Loraborg, Callao.-AVilshhi and Leighton. SO. Hampshire, B. s., 1,400, R. nidgors, London. AV. P. AVhlto und Co. 31\. Borodo, K.M. s.S., 1,232, D. Rcnnoldson, Galle, viíl King George's Sound.-F. R. Kondall. Feb. 8\. Jerusalem, B. s., 001, Jos. Largie, London. Dalgotv, Blackwood, ond Co. 4\. Renown, B. s., 1,208, AV. F. Owen, London. J. Ii. AVhlto and Co. 7\. Reljccca, N. O. li., 408, T. A. Bundgaard, Shanghai v la Now-castle.-Crosby and Co. 8\. Victorino, B. b., 310, 0. II. Lcmotstro, Mauritius. -Joshua Brothers and Co. 8\. E. J. Siwuco, B. b., 610, J. II. Gill, Guam.-Spenco Brothers and Co. 10\. Assyrian, B. br., 205, II. Robinson, London via Port Pirie. -Tunib ill, Smith, and Co. 13\. City of Delhi, B. s., 1,199, Jos. Oordon, for Gimmv -Jos. Service and Co. 14\. Dolbadeni Castle, B. a., 9S9, T. Morgan, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 14\. Asia, B. s., 2,054. AViliiam Cummings, London. Mucfarlan, Bl) th, and Co. 17\. Highflyer, B. s., 1,012, H. Bcrrlogo, Loudon.-J. II. AVhlto and Co. 18\. Thormopyhu, B. b., 047, R. Kombali, Shanghai, vlfl Nowcastlo.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 10\. Brocklesby, B. so., 196, J. A'lokers, London, via Port l'lrio.-Mooro and Co. 21\. Elizabeth, B. b., 203. J. O. li. Guest, Mauritius. Joshua Brothors and Co. 24\. Lura, N. G. b., 827, B. Rooson, Hong Kong, via Newcastle.-Jas. Hontv and Co. 25\. Clydo, B. s.. 1,140, S. Toosdol, London.-Croaker, Scott, and Co. 25\. Flodden, B. h" 837, II. E. Batt, Maurlllus. Joshua Brothel's. ' 26\. Earl Dulhotislo, 1!. 8., 1,047, James Henderson, London vii Adolaido.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 20\. Khandolsh, B. 8., 1,008, ' James Slnnolt, Guam. -Bright Brothers and Co. , SHIPS CLEARKD OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Jak. SO. Hampshire, for London.-2,053 hales wool, 831 bags wheat, 103 bales 1 tniss leather, 82 bales basils, 20 packages black sand, 478 Ingots tin, 2,022 bogs anti- mony oro.14 bales skins, 40 casks tallow, 1,318 casos preserved meats, 12 pockagoB offccls, 13 líalos cotton, 7 packages sundries. JAN. 31. Baroda, for Point do Gallo.-3 packogos (billiard iablo, &c.;), 1 packngo crockory, 1 caso glast, 1 box misliia, 23 packages provisions, 2 cases boots, 6 drums oil, 1 caso books, '3 packagos biscuits, 10 cases jams, 00 bagB flour, 15 coses preserved moat, 7 casos butter. 8 tierces beef, 1 package tobacco, 1 package curio3, G barrels 40 cases potatoes, 1 paekage medlchiu, 0 packages wool samples, 1 packago nowspapor, 2 packages fancy goods, 3 packages sundries. 1 package documents, 8 packages (company's liircols), 31 pack- ages oxhlblts, 1 caso w Ino, 1 half-lihd. alo. Fed. 8, Jerusalem, for London. -4,011 balea wool. Fl!B. 4. Renown, for London.-3,050 bales wool, 85 bales leather, 12 hales skins, 434 casks tallow, 2 quartor casks wine, 240 coses preserved meats, 1 casa leather, 703 boga load oro, 3,192 bags wheat, 12 packages ferns, 40 packages exhibits, 11 packages sundries, 39 tons sliank bones. Fen. 8. Victorino, for Mauritius.-14 packages effects and sundries. ' ? ' Fun. 14. < \- . Asia, for _ondon.~5,2GO bales wool, 7,402 horns, 43 bales rags, 852 bales skhis, 4,058 bags ground .bark, 101 bales leather, 1,175 casks tallow, 21 packages exhibits, 3 cases ferns. Dolbadorn Castle, for .London.-2,476 bales wool, 4,110 bogs wheat, 4 bales leather, l8 bales basils, 2,822 cases preserved meals, 185 pipes 37 casks tallow, 11 bales skins, 10 casks, tin oro, 5 boxes effects Fed. 17. Highflyer, for London-3,100 bales wool, 235 bales leather, 400 casks tallow, 035 casca preserved moats, 26 cases 1 quarter cask wine, 8 packages exhibits, 4 caaes effects, a quantity of shank bones, 1,830 cakes copper, and 684 ingots tin. Fun, 21. Elizabeth, for Mauritius.-112 bales hoy, 70 bags bran, 21 empty tallies, 00 half-barrels salmon, 60 casks butter, 40 cases apples, 23 horses. Fkb. 25. Clyde, for London.-1,111 bales wool, 100 bales birk, GO bales leather, 1,850 coses presorveel meats, 3,118 bags flour, 88 casks tallow, 2,290 cakes copper, 138 ingots spelter. Flodden, for Mauritius.-D4 casks salts of ammonia, 6,073 bogs animal guano. PASSENGERS BY-AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. Jar. 29. Ilydaspes, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Gisborne, Miss Edith Gisborne, Masters Matthew and Charles Gisborne, Allison Borthwick and servant, Captain and Mrs. Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs. Day, Mr. and Mrs. Draper ami child, Mrs. Howard, Miss Coyford, Mrs. A. Smith, Misses Margaret and Eliza F. Smith, Violetta Smith, and servant ; Messrs. A. Beswick, Julius Laviel, Dr. Burt ; and four in tho steerage. Jan, 30. Hampshire, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. James Edwards, child, and eorvant ; Mr. and Mrs. Enoch Taylor and two children, Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Laing, Miss Corbett, Miss Wlghton, Rev. E. B. Aingor, Lieutenant A. E. Stanloy (H.M.S. Clio), Dr. E. Robinson, Messrs. Murray Rogers, Peter Ewart, W. H. Staveley,. A. W. Knight, and Master C. J. Rutledge ; and 145 in tlie second and third cabins. Jan. 31. Baroda, R.M.S S., forOallo, via KingGeorgo'flSound. Passengers-cabin : Mr. aud Mrs. Newell. Miss Lord, Mr. T. Bowden, Miss M'Gulloch, Mr. A.KcBtorson, Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Watson, Bishop of Nelson, Mrs. Suter, Mr. Graco, Mr. Kcnipthornc, for Vcnlco ; Mr. Gayer, Mrs. Kennedy and child, Mr. and Mrs. Russell, four children, two Infants, and servant, Mrs. Jury, Mr. Attclioson, Mr. and Mrs. Macfarlane, two dulden, and infant, anil sei vant; Mr. and Mrs. Staughton, two children, in- fant, aud servant, Mrs. Sinclair, Mr. T. Bingley, Mr. Basson, Mr. T. C. Thwaites, Mi. C. S. Ogilvie, Mr. F. F. Cronin, Air. S. Gale, Mr. J. B. Davies, for Southampton ; Mr. Johnson, for Bombay ; Mr. Green, Mr. W. M. Boll, Mr. Bcsslere, for Ceylon ; Mr. Major, Mr. G. E. Forbes, Mr. E. C. Clifton, Mrs. Hiil-iossy, for King; Georgo'e Sound ; Mr. Loycnstçr, for Yoko- hama; Mr. H. Souclion and servant, for Aden; Mr. and Mrs. K. E. Brodribb, Rev. W. Bicdribb, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Lange, Mr. Caldocott, Mr. Ritchie, for Suez; Mr. J. II. Blackwood, for Malta,;.Mr. R. W. Cousloyv Mr. G. Barnett, for Brindis!. Fkb. 4. Renown, for Londci. Passengers-saloon : Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Priestloy, Mrs. W^ F. Owen and servant, Mr. Robert Mort, Mr. Gcorgo II. Mullor, Mr. William G. Lowe, Mr. Alfred. Fiscott, Mr. James Robertson, Mr. John II. Langhorne, Mr. Janies Jamison, Dr. Archdall ; and 30 in tho second cabin. Feb. IT: Highflyer, for London. Passengers-saloon ! Dr. and Mrs. Frcdk. Spicer and family (three), Mr. and Mrs.1 Edwin Stillings, Mesara. Janies Stewart, John E. Brown, E. J. Glllott. Chaules D. Barrett, G. W. F. Patterson, George Riggs» A. Adam ; and 27 In tho second cabin. WOOL SHIPS. Tho present wool season being now drawing to. ck closo, wo giro, as usual, a list of tho ships which have left Port phillip to this date, together with the day and hour of their departure, and also their destina- tions. , Ship. Sailed from Port Phillip Heads. Sort.' Norfolk .. Sept. 27, G.30 a.m. Loudon. Shannon .. Oct. 6, 9 a.m. London. City of Agra ,. .. Northumberland, s.a.. Oct. 0, 0.60 a.m. ,. London. Oct. 10, 7.15 p.m.. London. LochAwo Oct. 20, 8 a.m. .. London. Miltiades Oct. 23, 2.40 p.m.. London. Great Britain, s.S. Oct. 23, 8.30 1X111.. Liverpool. Carlisle Castle .. Oct. 27,12.20 p.m. London. Queen of Nations Oct. 81, 7 a.m. .. London. Macduff. Nov. 2,6.45 a. ni.., London. True Briton Nov. 8,10.40 o,m. London. Nov. 0,11 a.in. ., London. Aviemore Nov. 0,12.30 p.m. London. Merwanice Frainjce .. WavoofLlfo ,. Noy, 10,10.20 u. in. Loudon. Nov. 14, 4.30 «un. London. Helenslee ,. Nov. 15, 5 a.m. ., London. Ben Nelia .. .. Nov. IB, noon London. Wimmera Nov. 17, 2.45 a.m. London. Hippolyte, Nov. 22, 0.10 a.m. London. Envoy .. Nov. 27, 3.10 ixm. Boston. Superb. Nov. 29( 3.80 p.m. London. Sir John Lawronco .. Dec. 4, 6.20 p.m.. London. Doo. 6, 8 0.111. .. Loudon. Punjaub .. ,. Dee. 8, 8.80 a.m... Loudon. Dec. 10,12.20 nun. London. Dee. 10 .. Boston. Deo. 14, 7 p.m. .. London. Ninga! a. Doe. ID, 1.10 p.m.. London. Colonial Empire Dec. 20, 6 mm. .. London. Benmore ,, Dec. 23, 8.30 a.in.. London. Suffolk. Dec. 28,10.30 a.m. London, Jan. 1 New York. The Douglas Jan. 4, G.30 il.lll... Loudon.] Star of Peace Jan. 4, 8 a.m. London, Sobraon. Jan. 0, 9.30 ruin... London. Mci lucius Jan. 7. 9.30 a.m... London. Violotto. Jan. 7,12.15 p.m.. Now York. Cardignn Castle Jan. 0,10.60 a.m.. London. Agamemnon Jan. 10,11.30 n.m. London. Loch Lomond ., Jan. l8, 8.30 a.m.. London. Cambria. Jan. 19, 0 a.m. .. Now Yoik. Herzog Emst .. Jan. 28, 3.40 p.m.. Sow York. Hydaspca Feb. 1, 7.45 a.m... London. Hampshire Feb. 2, G a. in. hondón. Renown. Feb. 0, 7.10 a.m... London. Jerusalem Feb. 0, 8 0,111. hondón. Dolbadorn Cnstlo Fob. 15,8.10n.m.. [¿melon. Asia . Fob. 15,10 a.m. .. [london. Highflyer Feb. l8, 9 n. in, ,. Loudon. Feb. 27 .. Now York. In addition to tho foregoing, tlio Clyelo «as to bo ton ed to Boa this morning;, and tho Essex and Anglo sey would follow in a day or two. SALES OF PltOPERTIES, Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckctt, and Co. report tho fol- lowing salea of property :-Threo shops and dwolling liouses In High-street, St. Kilda, with land 00ft. Gin. by 193ft. Gin., £1,800 ; allotment in Glsborue-streot, East Melbourne, having 00ft. fiontago by 123ft. doon, £1,660; two dwelling-houses in Jolimoiit-road, Joli mont,1 East Mclboumo, £1,0S5 ; farm in the parish of Kyabram, comprising 308 acres, £200 ; two iillotmonts lu Willlnnis'-road, Toorak, each having 63}ft. fron- tage by 08ft. dcop, 26s. and 37s. Gd. por foot ; 10 allot rnicnts til Clark-stieot, Toorak, each haling 30ft. frontage by 107ft. deep, at 11s. to 16s. per foot. Mr. J. iioivoriTii reports tho following sales :-Allol moiit 40 x 125 to M .Council-street, Kensington-hill, near tho station, at 22s. per foot; 40 x 117 toa Go- vernment road, do., at 31s. ; 80 x 120 to Mocaulay rood, do., at 30a. ', 80 x 130 to a Government road, do., at 27s.; 40 x 125 do., do., at 25s. ; 83 x 120 do., do., at 28s. Gd., cash and terms ; land liavinga front- age to tho Soltwntor River 210ft. hy n depth of 100ft., for £1,200 cash ; two allotments fronting Brldgo-road, Richmond, nt £4 lind £4 4s., on terms, MELBOURNE MARKETS. Yf KDNE3DAV, Feb. 20. ~TH_ ÍIÍLL3. There Is ft. fait- demand for flour, and owing lo tho scarcity of wheat, holders aro asking £13 6s. for small paiccls of best silk-dressed. In oatmeal, barley, and other items thero is no chango. Quotations aro : -Flour, £13 to £13 M. ; pollard, Is. 2d. to Is. 4d.; bran, Is. to la. Id.; pearl barloy, £30 ; oatmml, £20. \ RETAIL MARKETS. All articles in the retail provision fftHttot aro veiy firm, and the tondoncy of prices (a gene- rally upwnrd. Tlio ruling prices aro ns follow : -Beef,1 4d. to 8d. per lb. ; polk, Gd. to Od. do. ; mutton, 2}d, to 6d. do. Poultry.-Fowls, 3s. Oil.j to 5s. por pair ; geese, 8s. to 10s. do. ; ducks, 4s. Gd. to 6s. Gd. do. ; turkeys, 10s. to 22s. dei Dairy Produce_Cheese, 8d. to Is. 4d. per lb. ; eggs, Is. 2d. to l8. Gd. por ilozon ; butter, lOd. to Is. 3d. por lb. ; bread, Gd. to 7d. por 41b. loar ; milk, Od. per quart ; hams, Is, 2d. to Is. 4d. por Ib.; bacon, lid. to Is. 2d. per lb. i HAY MARKET. Straw still continues rather Bcarco, and good samples readily fetch current rates. Hay Is tlio same as last week. Quotations aro na follow:-Hay, from £3 10s. to £0 6s. ; straw, £2 15s. lo £3 10s. j COAL AND WOOD. ' Coal and coke continuo to fetch high rates, and .C2 7s. Gd. is the minimum lírico for coal for housohold uses. Wood is without alteration. Tho ruling líricos aro-Coal, £2 7s. Gd. to £2 10s. por ton, 2s. 9d. por out. ; wood, 1-foot billets, 10s. Gd. to 12s. Gd. pur ton of 40 cubic fcot; do., retail, Is. to la. 8d. per cwt.; charcoal, la. to 2s. per hog of 8 bualiois ; coko, £2 10s. pen ton. EASTERN MARKET. There was a fair Wednesday's supply of vogetablo produco and fruits this morning, and a fair business was dobo at about last Saturday's prices. Buttor and eggs, howovor, woro scarce, and prices ad- vanced.' Poultry was unchanged. Tho following piicca ruled :-Vegetables.-Basil, fkl. to Is. por dozou bunches ; benns, kidney, Id. to 2d. por Ib.; boot, Od. to Ib. per dozen ; boiiquols, 3s. to Gs. per dozen ; cabbages, Od, to Is. Od. por dozon ; carrots, 4d. to Sd. lier dozen bunches ; cross, water, 3d. to Od. per dozen bunches ; cuoumbera, 2d. to Is. per dozen ; garlic, 2d, per lb. ; horseradish, 88. to 0s. nor dozon bunches; lavender, Gd. to Is. per dozen hunches ; lottuco, Sd. to Gd. per dozon ; morjsi am, Gel. per dozon bunches ; mint, del. to Gd. per dozen buuchoB ; onions, dried, 3s. to 8s. Gd. pet cwt.; do,, green, 4d. to Od. por dozen bunches ; porsloy, Gd. per dozen bunches ; parsnips. Gd. to Od. per dozen bunches ; peas, l}d. to 2d. por lb. ; pótateos, 8s. to Sa. Gd. por owt. ; pumpkins, 3d. to 4d. each ; radishes, 3d. to 4d. per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, Gd. lo la. Gd. por dozen bunches; sago, Gd. por dozen hunches ; savoys, Gd. to Is. 3d. por dozen ; tliymo, Gd. per dozen bunches; turnips, 4d. to Is. por dozou bunches ; tomatoes, Id. per lb, ; vegetable marrows, Gd. to Is. per dozon. Fruit«_Apples, Id. to 3d. per lb. ; damsoiiB, Id. to 2d. por Ib.; grapes, 2d, to 4d. per lb.; louions, Is. Od. to2s. por dozen ; niolons, water, 2s. Od. to 8s. Gd. lier dozen ; do., rock, Is. to Is. Gd. por dozen ; mulberries, id. Ïcr ib.; peaches, Gd. to 2s. Gd. per dozon; pears, d. to 8d. por lb. ; plums Id. to 2d. par lb. ; quinces, IJd. por lb. Dalry Produco.-Bultor, lOd. to Is. Id. per lb. ; choeso, Gd. to 8d. por lb. ; ducks, 4s. to 5s. per pair ; eggs, Is. to Is. 3d. per dozen : geese, 7s. to 9s. per pair ; lions, 3s. Gd. to 4s. por pair ; honey, Gd. per lb. ; pigeons, 2s. lo 8s. por pair ; pork, Gd. to 7d. per lb. ; rabbits, 2s. to 3s. per pair ; sucking-pigs, 8s. to 10s. oaoh ; turkeys, 0s. to 18s. per pair ; hams, 1s. to 1s. 2d, per lb. ; bacon, 10d. to 1s. per lb. 