Cable News from London to Aug-. 2 London, August 2.— Arrived: Abbey Holme, from South Australia. The Bank of England rate of dis count remains at 3J percent. Money ia easier in the Continental markets, and discounts ere falling. Stocks are firmer. Debentures are quoted as follows -^-New South Wales Five per cents, January-July, IOC. Vic torian Fives, January-July, 106. Queensland Sixes, 110\. Union Bank shares, 4S\\. Bank of South Ana tralia, 32. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, w. Copper of all kinds is quiet Australian is quoted at £K to £B7 for cash. Tin is tteadv. Straits Blab, £130. Australian tallow has Improved. Wool and wheat are unchanged. Best sides of Australian leather sell at 12d to 13 per lb. Bides are steady at 6}a perlb for first heavy and 6Jd per lb for best light. Sydney cocoauut oil, .*27 to ,£31. The Bev George T. Perks, M.A., hag been elected President of the vVcs leyan Methodist Conference for the ensuing year. The rumour that cholera had broken put a week ago was contradicted, bnt two cases have since occurred among Berne Danish immigrants, en route for New Zealand, amd the whole of the party have been placed under medical can. A. new Egyptian loan is announced of ^32,000,000. g&urowiCE; Ri-OKS ? Patriarch and Kingcraft were scratched at ball-past 12 to- day for tbe Metropolitan Stakes. The extra series of performances at Signor Chlarinl'a mammoth bib pbi theatre, at tho Haymarket, at million prims, promises tc be a brilliant encoess, fas the attendance last night wns an overflvwlng one, and ths scenes in the arena wens varied and aorei. We bare prericosly announced that the company would proceed to Batavia. The Bigaor informs ns that tbe destination is changed. Be Intends to proceed direct to Bombay. At the City Council meeting this morning, the aeconnta of &e; Corporation were passed, and ordered to be forwarded tn the Colonial Secretary. The motion for tbe removal of the wholesale Irult grower* from George-street to tli* Belmore Market was withdrawn, in consequence or the olty solicitor having advised tbe council tbat tbs Selmor* Jtarket bas not yet been proclaimed. Mr. Quigley's tender for theunse of the gentlemen's baths in the Domain for £276 was accepted ; at, also, Messrs. Sugden and Co., for chisel dressed Yorkshire Caithness paving tiles; Messrs. Wads worth and Co ., for rubbed Baodstone. 