CONTINENTAL. 1 The Orleans Princes, through' the action. of the Assembly in paslitigj a bill ; for the resfcbrati'ori of their ' -confiscated ' property, will come into a very handsome sum. It is stated that it will amount in all to about "40,000,000 francs, and will be diyided into .eight portions, as follows : — 1, for the Count de Paris and Duke de Chartres, on "tfrr title of their father, the Duke of Orleans ; 2, Duke de Nemours ; 3, Priuee de Joinville; 4, Dnke de MontperisieT.y ;5:"?Duke '"d'Auinale ; C, Kirig'of the BFigi'aris, Count de Fiaudre, Princess Charlotte, the ex-Einpress of Mexico, from their mother, the Princess Louise of Orleans ; 7, Prince Phillipe, of Wurtemburg, from his mother, the Princess Marie off/Orleans : and 8. the Princess of Saxe-Coburg. The surviving descendants of Louis Philiippe consist of \- fifty-twiy-persousA y < /Yf ;The hi ational Assembly have- unani mously voted" a proposal of M'.: Woiowski for granting pecuniary aid to immigrants from Alsace and Lorraine. The As- . semhly; is also,- about- to vote T,00.0,000f. for the .relief -of the "'sufferers from ihe inundations. . !/'/'. ' ' ' : ' ' / "/ / One of the Conservative members of the French- Assembly has drawn up a bill restricting ,the right of petition to that body. The measure is based on the theory that individuals may sepa rately exercise the right, but uot in com bination. Accordingly, every, petition to the Assembly must proceed from one person alone, and be drawn up iu his own hand-writing. It ' is is " said that there is some probability of this bill really bring brought forward after the holidays. - ; ;,!. The Gironde relates that a great .crime was committed : three evenings-.. back at a small inn st Ohambery, .in tbe%cpmmune of Yillerihve d'OiPon, in that department, kept by a man named -Jean Labau, and his wife. Two men, masked, taking advantage of the absence of the- landlord, forced their "way into the kitchen and obliged the wife to give up some linen and about 20f. in money. They insisted on obtaining more 'plunder, and, as the woman, attempted, resistance, -they struck lier a blow' on " the bead with a sort of lanes, inflicting' -a deep wound. At that- moment; /Laban returned, ..and, .hearing screams, rushed " forward, but was in a moment knocked down and pierced by the same weapon in the chest, neck, ami leg. He died immediately. - The French ladies of New York have forwarded to M. Thiers a ' sum of 201,278fr. 90c., which was .prim aril7 destined for the liberation of the territory! but which thoy now ask tli8 President to apply in relief of the sufferings of the;- emigrants from Alsace-Lorraine. M. Thiers has announced ; to M. le Comte d'Haussonville; .president of the Society, of Alsatians and Lorraiaers, through M. , Barthelerpy St. Hilaire, that he; has handed' this amount to the committee.' At the same time M. le Comte d'Haussony ville received through M. Hubner a sub'- Bcription of 20,170fr. '79c., collected at Moscow among the French population of the town, for the emigrants from Alsace and Lorraine. ' . . A. Neapolitan correspondent, '. writing on Dee. 3, says :—" Yesterday, at about 11 a.m., the whole quarter of the Riviera di. Cliiaja was ithro\vn;into y violent com motion, -owing "tcr'a tragical "'affair which took place in. the Yilla. Nazionale,-. re sulting in the death of Miss Ada.Schiassi and of Mr J. H. Gordon. Mr J. H. Gordon, formerly of the British Indian Civil Service, had 'been for some months living at' the-'-' Pension Anglaise,' 114, Riviera di Cliiaja, kept by Mdme. Schiassi. Among' the four daughters of; Mdrne. Schiassi were Ada and Louisa (twins). Some time ago Mr Gordon- became attached to Ada, and proposed to marry her, but the offer was refused by the-:mother, as the young lady was" already 'engaged to a naval officer. Since then Mr Gordon (who was' about fifty years of age, and. a widower) thought fit. to annoy . Miss Schiassi with his attend tions to such! an extent that the mother was obliged to request him to' change bis quarters as soon-— as possible. This seems., to have grieved Mr Gordon very much, and tor-have caused him to commit the crime of: which you have heard. Yesterday morning, about 10-45," the twins, Louisa and Ada Schiassi, went to the gardens of the Yilla Nazionale -for their usual morning walk,; where they were met by Mr Gordon, who accosted Louisa, and asked her why 'they wished to get rid of Mm, and :aiso the reason why her sister Ada refused to-entertaiu his suit. On-., her.' refusing to listen to him he left her, and approaching Ada, commenced upbraiding her, and finished by commanding her to folio w him,, which she naturally- reffised to" do, upon which he, stepping back 'a couple of 'paces, pulled a revolver- from Ms pocket and firing two shots at Ada, which entered her back, turned the: revolver upon him self, fired two other, shots -and. fell down a corpse. The police authorities and a great ' crowd "Nfere:-7Mmbdiately'; on the spot, but all efforts were useless, as bo.th the assassin and his victim . were" dead. 'At the '-inquest ;-lhis mbrnmg 'Ada was ound to have been shot through the heart. In Gordon's case " death was caused by one .of the shots having com pletely severed "the 'aorta. On Gordon were found' a gbldwat'dfi/ 'Mbert' chain with small goldhistle,7 andidocket con taining a portrait, supposed to be that of his late, wife ;'on the little finger of his right hand an onyx signet ring with his nitials, T. H. G., and inside the gold of he ring werie the/ffords- 'Hophie;/' Oct. — 1866 ; a prifse containing 37of. in paper, three sous.in bronze,, and one silypr.. six pence . Gordon bad-taken the precaution o destroy alt papers which might' lead 0 his identification, and it -was only through his bankers that the authorities ave been able to find ont anything about J? m, The Court of Assizes of the Seine- et- Oise has just been occupied, in trying a young man of twenty-nine,, named Jure, a farmer at Carrieres-sous-Bois, on a charge of parricide. The evidence showed that ihe father, who was -eighty-eight years of age, was of a miserly character, and was constantly quarreling with his Bon. On the day of themurder the father, on his return from Saing-Germain, told the young man that he had lodged- an information against him, and that he would be arrested the next day. The Bon, exasperated, seized a pickaxe which was near and struck his father a blow which killed the old man instantly. 'Ihe witness'- c deposed that the young man al .rays been most submissive to his er, and tended him with the greatest care when he was poorly, although / the old man had treated him with the greatest brutality, even going so far as to beat him violently. The prisoner was found " Guilty," but with extenuating circum stances, and the court sentenced him to five years' penal servitude.' A horrible murder is reported from Lyons. A young woman was found one evening last week stretched at full length en one of the" public seats on the, Quai de la" Charite, with her head completely severed from her body, the deed having evidently been committed by -means of a razor, which was found near the spot. Iu one of her hands were found some grey hairs that had apparently been, plucked from a beard. The corpse was recognized as that of a young woman who had been employed ; as ' a domestic servant by an old "silk merchant residing iu the vicinity. A search in his house led to the discovery of a razors which corresponded with that which had been fouud. and the mau was at once arrested on the charge of murder.7 . RUSSIA IN CENTRAL; AStA/ At present neither Russia nbr --India has any actual " frontier" whatever,; and! the scheme of preserving a belt of neutral territory as a line of demarcation between the two Powers is about as feasible as separating two fires by a :.wall of .paper. Never once in the whole range of -history? has such a' project succeeded, -except by the intorvenUon of a''thrfd;PoHv.m\ ' Rome and Carthage guaranteed". the. nedlrality off Tarentum ; au.d. the result was ihat after tho " neutral" city had been : trice' sacked by its protectors Rome devoured it and Carthage .together.:: France and Spain guaranteed .ihe neutrality of Na varre; and where is Navarre no\v ? Buiv gundy and France guaranteed the neutra lity of Provence,' and Louis XI. swallowed it at a mouthful, with the best partof Burgundy along with .it'.. Russia' and Austria guaranteed the neutrality of the clipped-down "kingdom of Poland"— with what resultwo all know. The neutrality of the DauubianPrincipalities, as guaranteed by Turkey and Russia, would nothave endured for a single generation had' it not beeu for the counterpoise of Austria. In a word, our present position is one of un-. certainty, and any uncertainty is simply fu'al iu playing against such -qntngpnisis. We cannot — it is impossible to insist too strongly upon this— we cannot be too ex plicit with Russia. So long as she merely prosecutes her just quarrel. with Asiatic barbarism she merits our hearty -approval, but beyond this she must not go. The possibility of her invading India is in deed chimerical, but the possibility of her hemming in Asiatic Turkey, making Persia her obedient vassal, andintemipt- ,iu'g o.ur: communications- with th'e'East, is>noi ;so. . We .have/committedti great error, and that error-must be repaired qn-orhptly, if at all. ;..-.A correspondent adds : — " One' word more brio re I quit the shbjeet— a Wfirject'wb'ehV.' |6. me at kast. (flunking as higbly s'I do'. of Russia jier. ,-s/?) is anything but 'a'.- pleasant; ./one to -dwelhupoii. ,-:It has been, urged .-by. many of Russia's supporters that her conquests 'iff Central' Asia aye" so- many Victories of civilisation over barbarismV" and' td lie re joiced over accordingly. But what is this civilisation by which Asiatic barbar ism is to be purified ? The question is fully answered' fiy"fi few extracts from a letter written by -a Russian resident at Sjamareaud, ? -which (how reluctantly ; I' wiff-.not .attempt tp.say) I have just read and belieyedkTthree classes of the Russian' populatiou-Afii ili tary offi cials, A-ahd merchanfsare 'at constant, feud aMong -.themseiyes! eac'htsparty at tempting tqisecure'the''b'esfe: things for iL, (self, as wasy made abundantly manifest5' when- the' choosing of a site for the building; of; the / Y/Enropeari Quarter " came "/under/ consideration " last Sep tember. ; The ground ; thus - chosen; was valued., in. a yerjr.-arbitidry 'iuan uer, and the native occupants, with their . wiv.es ,..and . families, , were-simply' driven out .of their dwellings -and bidden to go _ elsewhere.- One ofpke members of .the. Gommistion'of ? Survey ../(which consisted of two = representatives from, c-ach class) obtaine.d permission to ap propriate several costly- -marble tomb- t'Sffones to his own use ;' whereupon: the' president resigned, and- whs succeeded by- a person who is" not likely to quit his "pus!. fn>m any fear of eonm-m nation. The m-.-r-ilry of the Russian . opnlation is inui.-s.erib.ibiy low, .and fallen even7 lower since the permission recently given-5 to the soldiers to establish their wives and families in one of the suburbs ofthe town/ It is no exaggeration: to say that almost every soldier's wife is" a prostitnte, -the: husbands themselves conniving at this; degradation ; while drunkenness and debauchery prevail' to' an incredible- degree. 'Mauy of .the '.Russians: have established harems, while 'a "still larger Dumber have abandoned themselves to the hideous vices prevalent amoug.ffhe brutfilised Orientals../ In . a .word, num bers of educated/men, eared in; the: great centres of European; ' civilisation,"' ha\m 'sunk to the level- Off. the Sart; and th'e: Dhouwana.!'" . - " : ITALY/ , ! The Pope held a Cbhsi'stpry on Decem ber 23, at .which .ithere.Avere ffwenty- nine cardinals .present;; -.>His Holiness, in his allocution; spoke as'ffollows1; <:The Church continues . to be sorely persecuted. This persecution has. f'or j.ts object the destruction of- the Catholic Church. This iS"fpanifested by the acts of the Italian .Government,; which summons the clergy,. to seryp-giff- Ihe army, deprives the bishops' ofgHhe faculty of teaching; and ' taxes 'the property ofthe Church; by heavy7 bur dens. Above all things, the law me-; 'seated to Parliament on the stilecb- of religious corporations deeply wounds the rights of poss'ession'of tli'e universal Church, and violates . the .right ,of, o,ur apostolic, mission." The Pope-addd : u In face of the presentation of this law," we raise our voice before you and the entire Church, and' condemn any law that diminishes or suppresses religious families in Rome and the neighboring provinces. We consequently declare void every acquisition of their property made under any7 title whatever." His Holiness" recalled'to the minds', of the promoters of this law" the" cen sures directed against - those who encroacu on iiie nguis 01 tue Church; and further said : il But our grief at the injuries inflicted on the Church of Italy is much aggravated by the cruel perse cutions to which the Church is sub jected in the German Empire, where net only by pitfalls but even by open violence it is sought to destroy her, because persons who .not only do not profess our religion, but who even do not know that religion, arrogate to themselves the power A. of defi ning the teacMngs and the rights of the Catholic Church 7-. These men, besides heaping - " cjumny upon ridicule, do riot blush to attribute persecution to Roman "Catholics; they, bring such . .accusations . ..against the bishops, the clergy, "arid a , faithful people, because th'ey wrill nq't prefer the laws rind the w:illTpf thm. State to the holy_ commandments Church. The riiOn whri are at' thpHead of public affairs should - recallect that none of their subjects better than the Roman ' Catholics- render unto Gmsar- thelthings which are Cmsar's, and for., that very reason reridOr .rinto "God 'the things which are: Godri.'' YThe Pope added that some parts: of Switzerland appear to be'pursuirig the same path as Ger- ifiari;';aridh.e'qe.t6,-coirebtion what has' bccuf'red ' to' the Church of the .C,antonfof;,Geneyay;.j:His Holiness further-spokeof-Spainj-daclaririg. that, the 'clergy 'dbriStjon 'lriyv;' was- opjiosec to - the cdncofdats. and" 'to'Cjusiipe; and:' he: protested against ..the;- law. . % The: Pope likewise dwelt- -up'on"-the schism auiorig ;.the ArmemarisA'pf " Cdnsi.anti- nqple,,/ who..:.iersist; iri ; their -.rebellion, and who by7 stratagem haveCdepriyed the Roman' Catliplics of/.tlieir iinmuni- .t.ies/YcUri the ;titkrii,/hand;> mV'Pbp>;re- joiccd at:the c.onstancy./and activity -of the Episcopa/e.-ari'd ;th"e'-rclefgy;7ri'f all .those couritrie.s4Vfij;;ij?piriHy;yivith a "fai thful people, they def pn ded theCrigh t-s" of the Church. His Holiness invited the , Metropolitans . to assemble .(tbeir .suffragans Tor, cqnsul'tatiori, in order to battle against- duiquity,:: and -concluded by invoking, the Almight'y to 'come' to the aid of th e C hu r c h ... A.fte r t h e.. a 1 ! o - cution, the Pope elected7 eleven- bishops, of- whom C six were Italians/, 'three Spaniards, and two belonging to Other nations. After the-allocutionC the Pope .received the. Cardinals, (wh.6Vpffere:d.him their congratulations.' ' 'i'-' I DENMARBh"' Y Detailed accounts of the tempest and flood off November.' o"n: the' Baltic, state, .that the' .damage will-; have -to. be . c.ouu.ted by millions. Tri one of the lluridr'eds of Lollaiui alone llie losses. are estimated at more than a railfion of dollars (nine to'-' the pound), and there arb ih'ahy olhois: which liave suffered scarcely less. The rising sea has penetrated fformiiles inland, and, the waves meeting arom d liferent sides, parts of the country were tem- porarily7 changed into islands, the water carrying with it the fertile soil, and cover ing the field with a layer off sand, and gravel; all along the. coast of Sealand, jFunen, Lollancl-Falster, and the smaller islands the flood has peeled from the land a belt off. highly7- cultivated, earth, cutting, here and there deep slices oiit of it. Some parishes have suffered t'o the Fxtcrit Of hair .or ..two- thirds of the whole tilled area; a few have all but disappeared. Ill Gleslunde, a small village Of Lolland, only, ten farms out pi more than forty are left standing ; the greater part of ; the parish was submerged , under . nine or ten feet of water, and when.- it receded every thing was ruined, washed away, turned topsy-turvey. In this parish alone twenty- six, human lives perished, besides several brought to the brink of ihe n-rave ' bv' the sufferings and wants of those horrible days. Part of the parish formed a low peninsula, called the JhLummingcn, suo<k- ing out between 'the sea and inner ford ; the peninsula is now hidden under the level of.'the sea, and will scarcely ever again emerge ;: all its inhabitants are. drowned ; families of husband, wife, and six or seven children, must have strug gled alone and unaided, against a dreadfiil death, and have disappeared withm leaving any traces behind them — houses; . nuu. iu.rmiu.re, disappear-- irig with tliem in one common destruction. In-: another parish, Gjedesby-bn-Falster, twenty persons have been drowned, though only7 twelve corpses have been £ou_nd; ffhree families -have become extinct. ' Some off the small, islets scattered-ribout in'the .Belts!.haye been entirely subiherged, . and the; inhabitants drowned, their boats having" been carried1 away by' the storm. Ihe iocal.papers" abound in heartrending descriptions of the pitiful scenes' Witnessed all around, and of miraculous escapes from all but certain death. In Holly :'a! 'man andffiis - wife ran before.the .water. to the roof mf their -houses, but; the 'floods rose arid reached the iri t here ; tli ey were , se e n hand in hand, calmiy' expectingT-deatliIs' poming, hen. the'waye-s;yriii:'iri renewed force washed the'- feeble construc tion away, ' carrying the woman clinging to sorne. rafts of the roof orit.into-.the sea, where., she. .was soon past. all saving, 'but leaving the man to be shortly after rescued by" a ;boat. An old womari Jiving by h.erselt in a . small; cottage also.-.-sought' refuge upon, the roof; .when the "borise -cashed down she "happened -to fall udou .lier-, loom,-, which;: floated- away, with '-'her and her cat,1' bringing ' tlierii to the top' of an old .w-iffow, from:-.which. -affer. -a nulht- tof trembling and anguish, -the two- mise'ra-! creatures' weye'rivgd'eijiBiriirig/ xri one house artvOld man- and'his .wifeand. an: only7 son had lingered too long; and;tihe mountain floods soon/made escape impos sible Jor the old-coupler -rThen the son, a pbweriiil y7oung rn.au, .ventured but ivith a dine around, his body; and strove' to gain the -higher ground' at; a. little, distance, Yhif.swimmirig .and halx walking. He was near his goal, when something was' sden driving down against hiiri,. first suppqsed ?fo. bp a' corristack, but soon 'd'iscoVefricT to b'ej-in fact, a loose bridge, covered with haulm, and crushing the head of the strug- gliuS..'556«y?. ian'riefore/dibe', eyes of his parents. The most-marvellous thing in all B Ye 1 9riPAih 6 as: the'.has t e with- which Ihe waters came rushing onward. "Something iWhite,; .-.as -most -of -the -- cojantry -./people express it; Was'seen in th'ri distiirice ; it \- -??e, Se?£f;S friglitfril velocity, '"and ;in a. ic iy min litres , tfie, something white" 't'Uiiied. .o,ut.:to be, aidiigh,j:fbamirig; 'arid bearing wave of some two, or tliree feet.iu (height,, foliowedby : others 'still' higherMn rapid-.'suecessiou', "and- -changirig;' as5 if by jgiagic,.. tpIiappy, and-: -fertile: country, iivjtlrTfcs wealthy7 farms- and snug pottages, ;i(s , fields-. and iiiedclbws,. ..Orchards, . arid /groups -of; trees, into. a wildsea.- - \--- The Danish-iosses by the late' hurficaqe ,ha.y.e been rougMy. /estimated at. about half a million sterling, >and the loss of brie hundred lives . has , been- already ascer tained. On the "south -of- the island of Faister, large districts; ;,which. had .been taaeff in from the, sea,: and protected by embanknienis, and -which; were covered wiuh luxuriant crops,; now exist no longer. More than forty vessels lie stranded, on the coast of the Island of Moen ; on -The coast of Selando fifty hulls are to be seen, besides wmcu .fourteen others have b.cen reported as sunk. In the Ijsland of Faister,, a -large Prussian vessel named the Zvallov, from Memel, now lies in the middle of a cornfield, more than 1000 metres from the sea. The sea has invaded the" land here to a distance of two miles from. what was the coast. The owners of one farm here, after spending some hours iu a barn which frequently tottered around them, were rescued by a boat, but have lost all their furniture, stock, and winter provisions. A poor woman, who lived in another house with her mother and three young children, was surprised by the rising waters, and left the house to seek aid. ' On her return, the house and all that had been in it had . disap peared. Some persons were saved by climbing 'up on the roofs of their floating houses, and others climbed up trees. Fifteen persons perished at Gjedesby, where no traces remain of the houses of the thriving farmers. At Boetae, a house which was inhabited by two families, split into two parts, one of which quickly disappeared, while .the other continued to float for- a .time ; this, however, again separated 'into two parts, and the farmer was, Thrown in ' one portion on dry land whence He saw his wife ; and children dtow'ned .without having the power, to aid them. . All round -Roedby, in The ilsland of Lolland, the peasants and fish- mermen have been ruined.. Many com (stores were destroyed, by the waters, which rose/more than two metres in.the most elevated, streets. .'Near Faabprg,! in the Island of Fionia/aFoiise of refuge for the, poor was destroyed, with many of- its inhabitants. All -.the small islands: between Adroe arid""Taasinge have been submerged' ;aiid; 'covered with a heavy deposit of sand. ' At/the Town of Marstal "in :Aeroe,/the- vessels/ iri ; .the port were destroyed aridfourteeri houses overthrown. The chief town of the. island of ., Moen. h'as; been' swallowed up,- 'and s at- : the town of Allingue, in' >Bornbolm'j;-.'U the fishing boats have been-; sunk -or shattered, and the port has" been destroyed, . At Kjsege iri Selande, several vessels were thrown up on the' - railway: : In Copenhagen the committee formed to aid- the widows and 'Orphans of -the , sufferers by the war with Germany; hasa-Feen - reformed, and has commenced operations' to mid those who have suffered from the unexampled visita-; lion'. More thsn 60,000 crowns have been subscribed!; children are handing Over the little hoards tlicyv had made for Christ-' mas and New .Year presents; workmen are giving a day's pay7, the theatres are giving' special representations, arid the merchants, manufacturers, and lauded proprietors are coming forward with handsome subscriptions. The Xing and the Crown Prince arc active in The' 'movement and have subscribed largely. The Queen has organised, a concert to be given in the Palace of Industry, under the direction of: Professor Gade. The hQueeu Dowageiy.Garojine.Amelia, widow ;oft.Chnstian.YTIL, .lias. sent, 1000 -crowns To,the (committee.. The t Crown . Princess and Princess TbyraVbaye'/commeiice'd or ganising a b'azaaiy which cannot-fail to be a< great success/ 'YIN'",!" . / ; ' ' -'GERMANY. , . ,! ; 'TIie'Beriiu correspondent of the Times in forms us that', ;the. Prussian Conservative lords promising. ; riot .toi/vote .tliis ... .timp on.'- the -County ' Bill, . Hcren von Eooii". aud !Selcho\r, Ministers of War and Agriculture, represented to;.tho<; Emperor .that -there was - ;no... occasion- ,:to: create mew" peers Upon -t-liis tlie other-- Ministers 'reduced tl'icir " demand for. 'forty -peers: to twenty- five. The Emperor then nominated: twenty-five geutlemen, of. whom the names,; of ,twcnty-jOue_ are giycn.as follow:— Gene rals' Her ivart !i you Bitterifiold, Steinniitz von Peucker, von Holiebue,aud:Stosch; Minister .Ereiherr- von der'IToydt Patow; -Diploma- .tists. .Herr von; Bal'an, 'Baron ' Magnus, Heir. von. Icliniann, and Herr Fleck; Military Auditor. General. Ilerr -yori Bafdeleben, Chief President ; Under-' Secretaries, of 'State Sulzer and' Butter; President Friedberg; Herr Schuuianu, Chief- Director of Taxes; IJterr vou Philipsborn;- .Ministerial Director; Hefr von Dechend,' President of tlie Directors of the Bank; of Prussia; . Ilerr von G'urithcr, 'President .of' the Maritime Institution of Commerce; Dr Hen rici,. Vice-President of the .Supreme Court; Dr Weber, Chief Procurator-Gener'al;- Ilerr Stepliaun; Director' of ' tiie Postal Service, aud Count Donnersmarck. The other tliree are landed proprietors: not men tioned by name. In the list will be remem bered General Steinmetz, who. distinguished himself throughout . the Austrian arid early in tlie French campaigns, though his: alleged excessive expenditure of men in: the early battles led to his retirement; arid General Herwarth' von Bittenfeld, who led the/right wing of the Prussians in the invasion -of Bohemia.-. . Count Guido Herckel Donners- marsk holds a " seat in the Chamber jof Deputies. | This creation, of , Peers is regarded as the exp-ession -of a compromise, between, his Ma'jesj.7 and the 1 Junker party ; -and it/is considered tliat, in the personnel oi the new peers, the Liberal, cause, though it may gain the impending battle, on the Counties Bill, has, in reality stistairied ii check. ' Meantime, tlie Government is materially strengthened for its imuiediatejaims,;' There is. some cause to.believe that, the character of the., new list1 doe3 not correspond .with the advice tendered by Prince'Bistnark in high quarters/ hut may lie looked upon ..as invoiying ./A/triumph for Count Eulenberg. ;Tt' is considered likely That before long Vori. Roon, - Yon Itze'nplit-z and Yon Sclchowa — all of whom oppose the Counties Bill and the reforms of the Herreri- Iiaus which the Government lias yet" -in: the backgroundfwill.u,etire)from,,the Cabinet. 1 The Upper House commenced the general debate on the Districts Administration Bill on Deceiriber 6. /Coiirit Munster, the leader, of the party which1, is hostile to the Govern-1 meut, declared himself in favour of accepting .the, bill in its. integrity, and. pppos.ecffto any amendment whatever. / He , 'urged1" the ''de sirability from' a- ' national' point ' rif '-view not to set the remainder 'of Germany an ex- ainple-i of internal.discord, and, expressed a 'desita 'for Tlie" Upper Housff' being ;remod'elle.d ">in >auch. i a.jman.ner -fhat.-. The .newly'-acquired. .provinces .rwouid be ; fully represented . --.CountpEulenburg, the , Home .Minister,- -said- -that, in :.;the i&ce.; of the necessity to : secure the adoption of ..the-.bjll;,iinal.tered;..hy,-(-the electipn.pfnew peers, it was idle for the/iU'tTpprogriqsli- cate revolution from the passing of a laV ivliiciriuid Hie'riiajqfity of/'tlie ledfie'afciits back. If the Eight claitrifed the gratitude of The Government .for dts.;attitndetduring:,tHe internal conflict between 1S62 till 1866, lie" must retort that the individual must be grate ful, but that the Jstate. could not be grateful. The King, added fHe:Couut, contd not even' retain a Minister fori having once given good £0unself;jfn<J;thaf . the; Government cpuldmot |pjv ever,. shay consideration for ii "single Y'Trfianieritary fraction becauSe"it;'had for merly observed it propeii attitude;- ;Tlris bill was not, as asserted by its antagonists; the death- struggle of-7Conservati?m, but the first revhTfyingistepN towaids ; in tenialir. reform. iThe-two chief - speakers ,iu.; opposition? .were Herr. yori Kroech - and-'Herr "von-'Tdeist- IRiefXojy. .The /former /'Treated of ' The social aspects of the '.proposed .reform, .arid held,. upi the.- spectreof a -coming: .;apc;ialist republic' in ' Germany/ , Co'uriF Eriiehburg fsavs. ' '" a' " leiter ' frorii' '" Berliril made sdefi; a 'response as is ; iiot 6fferi-;/ad- idressgd-jto the' (aristpcfacy-.gf 'Prussia! An nmeiidmentj-opresented -by /the - Opposition, jiheeUTpjeriM '-b a;nriajority of 1.14 to (SiJjAi.wAS; 'mUraatpd.'.that :ihe; former would iibs'tain from further attempts to alter the: measure.. The. clause opposed was one which jmppses&V.; oriltlibs.e,, who . neglect thgir" civic duties in t':o countviea, Last.sessipn the same paragraph was rejected by a; majority:.9f4.Dn !Dec.i. the House passed' ;theeutire bill iu final division by 116 against 91 votes — Count Euleubarg, the Home Minister, having again emphatically advo cated, the measure as "Liberal,, but not im any why violating Conservative principles.'5 Later news states that Prince Bismarck has returned to Berlin, arid had several long consultations with the . Emperor and Count von lioon. The Ministerial- problem is dis- cussed at great length m all the German papers. The complications please the Liberals, who look 'iipon them as likely to result in a reform of the present Ministry, and a more complete - fusion of Prussia witli the Empire. For the same reasons the Re actionists are much disturbed. The Spener Gazette says the Imperial Chancellor has actually submitted lo the Emperor a request to be relieved from the- office cf Prussian Minister of State, and the Emperor replied verbally that- he was willing to grant the Imperial Chancellor all desirable Telief from, work. The Minister of War will assume provisionally the Presidency of the Ministry as senior member of the Cabinet, During the l ist months of the year emigra tion ha? been going' on faster than ever from the Prussian northern provinces, despite every effort of the Government to stay it. The statistics are, according to the reports of emigrant agents, that in the ten months of this year, up to the end of October, 110, S88 German? landed in the port of New York, as against 41,329 in the corresponding period of last year. -And this does not include emigration to other part3, notably to Queensland and other Australian provinces. : Rumor goes, too, that an immense exodus is preparing for this next Spring. Another way iu which this efflux affects the rriother country is as re gards the present want of school teachers. Great demands for German teachers are being made from America : Peru alone has sent over a call for , 100. - - 