GENERAL SUMMARY. / Groat disappointment was felt In London when the falluro of tho experimental shipment of frozen meat locarno known. Numerous gontlemun connected with Australia were at tito South Dock to boord tho Norfolk on her arrival, and looked very blaok on learning that tho meat had all boon thrown overboard. Mr Harrison mot with much'sympathy. Ho attributes tho failure entirely to the hurried way In which pre ' paratlons woro made, tho ship having started without aifordlng an opportunity of testing the apparatus, On 'getting to sen tho loakago of cold brine, on tho maintenance and circulation of which success de- pended, became extensive, mid owing to thc surround- ing onrgo, tho leaks were not accesible, On tho thirty- fourth ilny, nineteen tons of mont woro thrown X)vet board ; thc remainder was sacrificed when off the Azores, Tho falluro is considered only temporary. Mr Boll, a Glasgow butcher, ia bringing over twenty-four head of cattle weekly from Canada. Tho first consignment of Queensland sugar to week, tho ptïccB realised leftiif "W.-kilcPJlf'iñííi.tóíi tory. "Large quantities of Australian tinned meats hnvo been forwarded to tho West Coast of A frica. At tho Mansion House llauquct, on thc 21st, Mr . Saul Samuel made an admirable speech in responding to tho toast of tho British Colonies. Ho avowed tho nttaohmcnt of the Australian colonies to thc mother country, deprecated severance, mid warned England against sntuillcing thu integrity of tho Emplio lo sordid notions of economy. Captain Warren's michino for tho production of artificial leo was exhibited last week ; lt ls intended principally fur uno in India, .Tho Bov John Graham, from Sydney, preached tho Jsmugural sermon of the autumnal meetings of tho Cnngioga'tlonal Union Ipswich. .. Tito Bra7.lli.tn Government granted freo passages to England tn 101 deceived mid destitute emigrants. Tho Portugiuso Government stated that owing tn insulllclent timo they could not take part lu thu epeciut exhibition of wines In London next yoir. Count Strezlecki, tho Australian explorer, died In "London, aged seventy- seven. Tho reconstructed Cablnot him had sovernl sittings, nnd tho question of dissolving Parliament woo fully discussed ; a resolution was token to poatpono tho .dissolution till spring. The success of tho Llbornl candidates at Balli and Taunton greatly dloconuortcd tho Consor.vatlve party j a long series of Liberal electoral defeats lind intoxi- cated thB Tories with conlldsnco and certainty of victory, Tilla rovnrsal of their carecer of triumph ls largely duo to the indiscreet letter, full of political invective, of Lord Grey do Wilton, Tho CoiiBorvotlvcB won tho vacant scat of Hull by a «niall Majority. Mr Hoed, tho shipbuilder, was defrateil. Slr Samuel and Indy Baker have arrived tn Lnndon|¡ they have aecopteil sn invitation from tho Gcogia A phical Society, of New York, to visit America next Auwtncr. » Mr. Bright, on accepting the appointment tn tho . Duchy af Lancaster, published an address to his COM. stltutents, which declares that he has not changed his old principles, that rather than be unfaithful to them ho would retire from offlco. His re-olectlon was un- opposed. On tho 22nd- Instant ho attended a great meeting nt Birmingham, in Bingley Hall ; 12,000 ptrsons were present, including representative men from all parts of tho country. His speech wo» magni- ficent, and enthusiasm of thc audience boundlosB, He reviewed the groat historical measure passed by tho present Government, : disavowed any responsibility for tho Education Act, and expressed a hope that tho 25til clnuso would bomodilled. Ho did not reveal any Coblnet secrets, but foreshadowed further poli- tical and fiscal reforms likely to bo undertaken, such ns country representation, income tax repeal, and alteration nTlhe lund laws, 'thespeech did much to soothe the irritation of thu Liberal party. Lord Derby was entertained at a uon-polllicnl ban- quet nt tho Town Hall at Liverpool. Neurly 300 > guests, including tho Lord Mayors of London, York, and Dublin, and numerous county magistrates, were present; tho object of tho gathering was to recognise tho warm interest Lord Derby has always taken in Livorpool oindre ; ho spoke upon tho relations between capital and labnur, glanced at tho circumstances sur- rounding thc Ashantee war, and said that his judg- ment was in suspenso regarding Ministerial responsi- bility for tho wnr. Tho Duke of Edinburgh during his stay in tho Crimea, visited Sebastopol, and asuistod at the trial trip of tho ironclad Novgorod. Three thousand five hundred electors of Morpeth signed n requisition to Thomas Burt, secretary of tho Northumberland Miners' Association, to stand for that Borough ; ho consented, and n subscription Hst towards defraying his expensas was oponed. Owen's College, at Manohester, costing £100,000, has been opened with much state, under tho presidency of tho. Duke of Manchester. Tho Bishopric of Victoria, Hongkong, is conferrod on tho Itcv. J. S. Bardon, twenty years a missionary in China. General M'Clolland hos orrired in Engl and from America.; and Mark Twain has been lecturing to largo audiences in London. Tho cases of cholera imported into Liverpool from Havre have not resulted in a spread of the disease. Since th» departure of tho Danish immigrants there has hecn-nn outbreak In Landon, Cholera has de- clined ut thc northern ports ol Europe, but '.he utmost vigilance Is exercised by the sanitary inspectors. The authorities hove made extensive raids upon metropolitan milkmen, fining scores for adulteration, and in turn thu latter have held Indignation meetings and passed resolutions to raise tho milk to Sd. per quart. According to tho report of tho Sanitary Committee, seventy ncr cent, of tho tea imported annually is not tea nt all, but leaves of other plants. Ten million lbs, of grossly adulterated tea is now in bond ; tho com- mittee urgo immediate parliamentary action. A handsome testimonial, subscribed for by 275 British exhibitors, was presented to Mr Owen, secre- tary of tho Hoyal Commission nt tho Vienna Exhibi- tion,-it consisted of a silver dessert service and purse of 1300 guineas ; and Mrs Owon received a cass of Danish jewelery. Tho Homo Rule agitation in Ireland proceeds vigorously ; tho priesthood are giving a qualified adhesion. Mr Butt leoturcd on the subject in London and elsewhere Tho Irish National Commissioner!! on Education havo pa-sed a resolution that on Father O'Keelfo satisfying them that ho is a flt person to exercise that trust, thoy will recognise him ns manager of tho Cullan Schools. A proposal to reinstate him, however was negatived by ten to four. Tho matter wo» referred to tho locul inspector for inquiry and report. Reginald Herbert, who undertook to row from Mnideubend to Westminster Bridgo in twclvo hours for £1000, accomplished tho journey in ten hours, botwecn six and four. Two member of tho Hackney Bicycle Club have tnken a pleasure trio to Lunds End and back, 300 miles without disaster, ' Rupert Kettla delivered an award in connection with tho arbitration between the purtles in tho North of Englnnd iron trade. The masters proposed a reduc- tion of l£d per ton on puddlers, mid 12fc percent on othor workmon. Mr Kettle decided against the masters nn all the grounds adduced by them ; mean- while coal and iron continue to rise, and tho «hares of minorai companies advance daily. Mr Brassey, in an address on economy and trade, at Norwich said ho thought coal must fall in prica in about two years, though never to thc old rates ; he looks for relief mainly to now methods of economising thc use of coal, i In Mr Holiday's opening address ot the Bristol Miners' Conference, he said the Amalgamated Society had noarly ono hundred thousand members ; ho 1 insisted that workmen hud not obtained u fair shtto of 1 tho advanced rates. ¡ Eight hundred Leicestershire miners struck on tho weighing question. 1 Serious riots by Cornish miners occurred at Cnm 1 borne, originating in feuds with tho police. Tho Nottingham lace trade strike continues. A general striko is imminent among Leith sailors, Concessions by mastors terminated tho nailers' , strike. In Somorsetshiio four torchlight processions of agricultural labourers passed off without disorder ¡ about 16,000 persons altogether wcro present; hundreds of tenant farmers countenanced tho proceedings. Rnilwny nccldents aro declining in frequency and severity, but still numerous collisions hara occurred. Tho Bishop af London's pallico narrowly escaped destruction by dre; tho stables, and coach-houso were consumed. A Uro at Ardverlko Lodge, belonging to Slr John Ramsden, burnt out tho inmates and destroyed the Art treasures ; the loss is estimated nt £50,000. Tho adoption of asphalte pavements is rapidly spreading in London. Tho Transiitlnntlo balloon was repaired, nnil started from Now York on thu morning of tho Otb, with Messrs Donaldson, Ford, and Lunt, going east ; these men wore n balloonist, an artist, and a snilor ; after n short sail across Connecticut, it descended about 100 miles from tho starting point. Barnum is In Europe consulting eminent remnants on tho subject of a voyage between America and Europe. Sir Qcorgo Grey retires from publio life at the close of tho present Parliament. The Hov. W. Night has resigned his ministry in tho Free Church. Mr. Plimsoll was entertained at a banquetât Ports- j mouth. At Shefflold tho steel mnuufacturcrs nro working only four days a week, owing to tho dearness of coal. Tho steamship Iamnli foundered on her voyage between America and Glasgow. An amnesty gathering was held ot Blnckhealh, and a monster gathering is announced nt Dublin for November 23rd, tho anniversary of tho execution of tho Manchester Fenians. Tho Tichborno trial continues, Defendant's case was concluded on thc 27th, and Mr Hawkins is now calling rebutting witnesses, Lady Itndoliffo's re -..~Ti.,".i- - >-- -,I,"I. ,i" wi;nn ,t"..!-.i t|10 testimony of nearly nil tho adverse witnesses given during tho month ¡ Qrent excitement was produced by tho alleged arrival of Arthur Orton, and the ovldenco of Captain Brown mid John Linc, steward of tho Osprey, who declared they picked up tho Tichborne and brought him to Melbourne, cause much surprise. ltoad-mnking ls progressing'rapidly 'towards tho capital of tho Ashantees, who appear to bo retreating. Australian tin has attracted attention, and it ls pro- nounced equal In quality to the best English tin. Dnvo (larson has left with n company for Sydney. Judge Finnois roturns nt tho end of November. Tho Samuel Plimsoll, for Sydnoy, will toko 110 assisted immigrants. OUITUAIIY-Mr Pickersgill Cunliffe, Mrs. Gatty (authoress), Lleiitonnnt-General Hay, Archdeacon I'ollook, Major General Bygrave, Mr. Paget, lato M.P., (drowned), Slr William Eden, Slr Robert Maduro, Sir John Campbell Lees (on tho underground railway) Dr. John Murray, Vlce-Uhancollor AVlckcns, Mr Fitzball (dramatist). 