Current News. THE Foundation- day was observed yesterday at the Brisbane Grammar School with the usual ceremonies. There was a small attend-<*> ance of visitors, owing to the inclemency of the weather. Mr. Harlin, the head master, de livered his usual annual address, giving a retaW of tbe year's work. He stated that the average attendance of pupils had decreased from ninety in 1870 and eighty in 1871 to seventy during the past year. His Excellency, after distributing the prises, made a short speech, in which he stated his opinion that the diminution of the number of pupils was owing to the too does competition existing be tween the Normal and the Grammar School*. He counselled that boys should not be admitted to th* school until they had received an ele mentary education, and by this meant more time could be devoted to the tsarhing of the higher branches, for which purpose the school was mainly instituted. A vote of thanks to His ExocUency dosed the proceedings. We will rater to this school more fully in oar next. Inn arc thnty-tvo plaints and one ad journed summons for bearing at the Petty Debt* Court for the present month, commencing on Monday next. The following are the de fended eases eat down for Tuesday:—JL W. Bow* v. J. F. Sloan, £12145. money due) W. Carter v. A. Koenig, £4145. goods sold, 12a. 2d. paid into Court i Charles Prentios v. Arundale, £6125.6 d. work and labor | John M'Lsnnan v. J. 0. WDkms, £16 6s. money due, £7 16s. paid into Court} David Penfold v. Means. Praser and Buokland, £8 10s. value of seven hate sold, 6a. 6d. paid into Court j B.Babbidge v. F. Cooper, £1 10s. for dredge sold} G.B. Hammond v. F. Corrigan, £1 10s. work and labor} Morton Tavares v. Geo. Wofeer, £2 Bs. work and labor} Sana v. Id. Walter, £110*. clothes destroyed} Geo. Wolter v. Morton Tavares, £12 $ent of rooms) Same v. Morton Tavares (adjourned summons), £1 lls. 6d. money due. fw criminal sitting* of the Supreme Court an fixed for Monday next, but a* there are no prisoners for total, the judge will merely ait frofarmd, and probably receive the pair of white kid gloves usually presented on such oooasions. A notioe has been issued to the effect that the jurors summoned will not be re quired to give their attendance. Mb. Bbadt, the sariealtorist, is now in Bris bane, on his way to the Tweed Biver, when he intends entering extensively into silk culture. His location, m Brisbane, is Pariah's Hotel, and we have no doubt he will cheerfully give to any one calling upon him information concerning sOkonltur*. Tn Speaker's writ for the election of a mem ber for Ipswich, to serve in the room of the Hon. A. Mawalister, who resigned his seat early in the wesk,fbr private reasons, was issued on the 27th. The nomination is fixed for March 6. In the event of a contest, the polling day will be March 8, and the writ is made returnable on March 15. Mr. Maoalister offers himself again forth* Mat. imnln? to the Qwrmmt Omtetie was issued on the 27th, containing a liet of the articles and probable quantities required for the Government service for the year 1874 i and tenders for the supply of the same will be received at the Offios of the Colonial Secretary until noon on Monday, March SL Th* main requirements specified are:—Stationery, sur veyors' materials, ironmongery, ship ohinrtlau. ui*ol*tery, and brush ware. T*M alt, being, (be anniversary of the aatanlielimant of the FJgbthours* Movement in Brisbane, will be observed aa a t«n«ral holiday by th* operatives connected wife tbe baildinf trades. In Laimnershagt? immigrant* wer? brought up to town on Ptb\~26, from th* quarantine froond at Peal Island by the iteMner Kate, which arrived si the Queen's wharf about half pa* 1 p.m. There- were admitted into the depot 108 tingle men, 49 tingle women, and about 50 married couplet, with their families, making a total of 828 persons. It was deemed advisable to leave in qomrsotine lor some days longer a few of the pa- angers who had been employed in attending to the fcver-etrieken immigrant*. The immigrants generally look well, and we have no doubt when ones settled down in their new home* will prore useful colo nist*. They comprise representatives of most of the raoes of Northern Europe, but the Danish and Swedish element largely out?num bers all the others. Tax German immigrant Tassel Alardus is now overdue, and her arrival may be looked for at any time. She left Hamburgh on No vember 11, and is consequently 106 days out, She has on board MS immigrants all told, com prising 55 married couplet and their families, 90 single men, and 67 single women. The Too woomba, one of the Harris' line of dipper., sailed from Glasgow on December 9 for BrU bane, with, according to the pstsonger list in the Ewropm* Mail, about 180 immigrants. These comprised 15 families numbering 80 indi viduals, 80 single men, and about 50 single women. • Tn adjourned meeting of shareholders in the Bra* Mountain Tin Mining Company, to reoeive the report of the deputation appointed at last meeting to confer with the directors, was held at the Town Hall, Brisbane, on Feb ruary 26. The Hon. Wm. Thornton pre sided. The deputation, consisting of Messrs. Roberts, Barnett, and Jones, explained that they had just come from an interview with the directors, and had seen Messrs. Simpson (ohair man), Gibbon, and Gosrts, the fourth, Mr. John Scott, being out of town j that the two first-named had individually pledged themselves to oppose the making of any further calls unless the money was bond fide wanted for the de velopment of the mine} that they both ex pressed their belief that no further call could be required during their present year of offloe j and they utterly repudiated all sympathy with the avowed policy of Mr. Goerts—vis., to draw from the contributing shareholders all necessary funds to raise the tin and then divide the gross proceeds of its sale in the shape of dividends. These promises were given by the gentlemen named, as their individual pledges, and not in the form of a resolution of the board, which they thought they had no power to make. The de putation further reported that they had recom mended to the directors, ah a measure of con ciliation, and with the view of restoring har mony between the two classes of shareholders, that they should appoint a holder of contri buting shares to the esat at the board now vacant by the disqualification and consequent resignation of the Hon. Geo. Harris, but no pledge could be obtained on this point. After some desultory conversation, it was resolved on the motion of Mr. Marshall, of Glengallan, —v That, trusting in the honor of the director, not to make any further call during their tenure of office, this meeting recommends the contri buting shareholders to pay under protest the oallof two shillings and sixpenoe per share, already announced, and now due." Votes of thanks to the chairman, and Messrs. Roberts, Barnett, and Jones, terminated the proceeding.. TUBBwasnomeeting of the Brisbane Hospital Committee oorVeb. 27. The Besident Surgeon's report for the past week, ending February 27, is as follows:—In-door patients remaining last week, 108 ; received during the week, 14; dis charged, 16 1 died, 1 (on February 22, J. W. Webster, late lay reader at Cleveland, aged 32)) total in hospital, 184; remaining, 100} out door patients on list, 168 1 in attendance during "W ■**-!!"■*•. Tn case of Baynes v. Osborne was brought to a dose on the 25th, by the jury returning a verdict for the plaintiff on the first oount of the declaration—which alleged a breach of the contract to transfer 6000 Bdina shares damages £876, in addition to the price paid for those shares, which was taken to be 6s. 6d. per share. The actual amount of the verdict is therefore £2000. Counsel for the «Wf!rtCTt obtained leave, however, to move to enter a verdict for the defendant generally, or for a nonsuit, or to reduce damages, and the matter will probably be argued before the full Court next term. It appears that Gardner, who was arrested some time back here on a warrant from Vio toria, on a charge of fraudulent insolvency, but released on a writ of habeas corpus, is likely to get out of trouble. Tbe Melbourne Argue re ports an application to make absolute an order met for the ssqoestiation of his estate. It came before Mr. Justice Molesworth in the Equity Court on Thursday, February 18. Mr. J. H. White, a creditor, obtained an order mi for the sequestration of Gardner's estate. An enlarge ment of this order was applied for on behalf of Mr. John Ellington, who describes himself in an affidavit as Gardner's agent, and alleges that Gardner is now on his way from Queensland to Melbourne with a view to act in thu matter, and that" he will probably be here in about ton days or a fortnight." The affidavit is dated on the 6th instant. It also states that Gardner is prepared, immediately on his return to Vic toria, to pay all persons to whom he is in debted the full amount of their debt*. His Honor enlarged the order till Thursday, February 20, giving permission to Gardner, in the event of his return to file any affidavits in opposition to the order visi for sequestration which he may be advised to make. A DEED of assignment by Messrs. Davis, Harris, and Co., of Warwick and Stanthorpe, of their estate to Mr. R. M. Stewart, of Brisbane, and Mr. Henry Prince, of Sydney, for the benefit of their creditors, was filed in the Supreme Court, on February 26. NOTHING (says the Pall Mall Gazette) can be more melancholy than the account given by some agricultural laborers, who emigrated to Brazil in May last, and whose letters of a "painfully interesting character" have just been published, of their condition in that country. "They have used us very badly," says one. "We have not tasted bread since we have been here. ... We live together like pigs—in worse than pigsties ; and we shall soon all be pined to death here. We would not have come here for all the world if we had known. It is a shame to get us ostt her* like this. There are 114 out here with us, and we have all petitioned the Emperor to oome back. There have five died in three weeks." Another oomplsias:— ** They have deesived us very much, xou may expect me back in a short time, as soon as I have the money; and be sure and tell my brother George not to come out here, for it's no good, for they never fulfilled their promises. We have not found anything true what they have said. The houses not so good as they are m England. We have nothing to eat but black beans and rice. There is no bread here. We have no bed to lie on but the cold ground. I have not undressed but three times sinos I left old England." It would be interesting to know who is responsible for the sufferings these on fortanato emigrants have endured. Both. brmrmurc? Cowavy.—The follow ing extract from a letter just received from the Head Oftee, upon the subject of the Fire at Boston, UJ9., is inserted for general informa tion:—"By a telegram received from our agents we shall loss about £280/100, from which will have to be deducted £80,000 to £40,000, re-insured. Against this misfortune we are happy to cay that, leaving out this loss, the present year (1872) has bean the most profitable one we have ever had, our fire profits alone amounting to £150,000, thus providing at once for thres-fourths of the Boston lose."—Bbimu Bbm. 4O* If**, Brisbane, 26th February, 18fe-£lm] 