THE IMMIGRANT SHIP " ALARDUS." We have been courteously furnished, by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, with the subjoined copy of the report furnished by the Immigra- tion Board, as the sequel to the enquiry hold by them on board that vessel, on her arrival at Capo Moreton :— Immigration Office, Brisbane, 23rd June, 1873. SIR, —We have teo honor to inform you that in compliance with the instructions contained in your letter dated the 2nd instant, we pro- ceeded to the Pilot Station on the night of Friday, the 6th instant, and early the next, day boarded the German immigrant ship Alardus, lying to off the Yellow Patch. The result of a most searching inquiry into the character and condition of the ship, the quantity and quality of provisions, water, medi- cines, and medical comforts ; into the general treatmont of the immigrants by the officers and surgeon-superintendent ; and finally, into the probable causes of the sickness and mortality which has prevailed on board are given in the following report :— REPORT. " Mr. Manson, shipping master, who accom- panied us for the purpose of examining and measuring the ship Alardus, reports that she is well found in gear and tackling, and a safe sea going vessel, her fittings up for the accommo- dation of passengers, and which we were told had not been altered or added to at or since her leaving Melbourne, are reported to be good and substantial. Notwithstanding this we are of opinion her peculiar construction, without a single air port or opening in her sides or stern, renders her an unsuitable ship for the convey- ance of a large number of passengers, and that her fittings are in several respects defective. " The number, dimensions, and position of the ventilators are descrided by Mr. Manson s one of these was put in at Melbourne and another greatly increased in size, which additions have much improved the ventilation. The com- partments occupiod by the immigrants were not unusually close or offensive ; but as this inquiry was held on a fine clear day, with the immi- grants in good health and on deck, all dirt cleaned away, and all the hatches open, it is no test of the state of the atmosphere below that probably ensued from sickness, dirt, diminished ventilation, crowded compartments, bad weather, and closed hatchways. " In addition to the imperfect means of ven- tilation, no proper or decent closet accommoda- tion was provided for the use of the females, who whatever was the slate of the weather, were compelled, at any hour of the day or night, to scramble upon deck to the closets there con- structed for the general use of all hands, which are represented, from the large size of their ports and their consequent openings to sea and weather, to have been dangerous for children. This absence of proper accommodation was at first attempted to be remedied by a moveable stool, but it soon became such a foul nuisance from want of ordinary care or cleanliness that its removal became imperative. The measurement of deck space made by Mr. Manson agree very closely with those made at Melbourne. The former which is rather the most fauorable for the ship, gives a total nett superficial space of 3,543 square feet, which, ac- cording to the agreement with the shippers, Louis Knorr and Co., would permit the Alardus to carry 193 statutory adults ; instead of this she left Hamburgh with 297 statutory adults on board. " The height between decks is good, and the space for air and exercise, on the upper deck ample. " The ships despatched from Hamburgh under agreement with Louis Knorr and Co. are dieted for 150 days. " The provisions, water, medicines, and medi- cal comforts on board the Alardus were duly examined by the German Commissioner (Capain Werchman) and by Mr. Kirchner, and were pronounced to be good in quality and sufficient in quantity, and, with the exception of water, which proved to be of bad quality, the result of our inquiries on board from each adult immigrant confirm the correctness of the certi- ficate given by the above gentlemen. " No complaints were made of want of pro- visions or water, and although the consumption of medicines and medical comforts was large, they were, by care, made to last until the ship reached Melbourne. '" The water, which is believed was taken from the Elbe, was stowed in sound and well charred oak casks and in one iron tank reserved for the use of the cabin. The water in the casks is represented to have soon become very foul and offensive, and a further supply taken on board at Pernambuco shortly became equally offensive. There is much reason to suspect that the water casks were made in America, and were sent to Hamburgh filled with petrolium, the taint of which assisted to spoil the water in spite of the cleaning and careful charring to which they were subjected. " The visit to Pernambuco, rendered neces- sary by several water-casks having leaked, is much to be regretted, for it considerably lengthened the voyage, and for several weeks subjected the immigrants, ' not over strong or healthy,' to the enervating and sickly influence of a tropical climate during rainy weather. " A distilling apparatus would have made this digression unnecessary, but unfortunately the agreement with Louis Knorr and Co.; does not make it imperative to carry one, and none was on board, the quantity of water, ' a fresh supply having been taken on board at Pernambuco,' was abundant. " The captain, who we fear was addicted to intemperance, disappeared suddenly on the 17th April, 1873 ; .he was not seen to jump or fall overboard, and as far as we could learn there exists no suspicion of foul play. " The first mate joined the ship ill, never did a day's duty, and died at Melbourne from con- sumption. " The second mate, who also acted as first mate and purser, took charge of the ship, and brought her into Melbourne, after the captain's disappearance ; he appears to be a good, ener- getic seaman, very rough and exciteable in his language and manner, and with very vague ideas of his duty to the immigrants, with whom he was on very friendly terms, principally, it is believed, from letting them do as they liked, and refusing to assist the surgeon in his attempts to enforce some slight order and de- corum. " No complaints of bad treatment by officers are made by the immigrants, but the surgeon superintendent accuses the second mate and the crew of too great intimacy with the single females, and although several witnesses, ex- amined to try and establish this charge, refused to give any information, we have it out of the mouth of one of the women that she was with child by one of the crew, and the general demeanor of the younger females was suflicient to justify the belief that the surgeon's complaint was not groundless. " Amongst the immigrants were a number of Scandinavians, who could not speak German, and whose only means of communication with the surgeon was through the medium of one of them who could speak a little English but very imperfectly, which, language the surgeon speaks well ; these immigrants had almost all of them complaints to make against the surgeon, mostly of unkind behaviour, of rough language,—' al- though they admit they could not understand what he said,'— of not being prescribed for when they thought they should have been, of not receiving medical comforts agreeable to their wishes. " The German immigrants had no complaints to make, and it therefore seems probable that the above, not very serious ones, owe their origin to the very imperfect means of inter- communication above referred to, and also perhaps to a little international jealousy. " The position of the surgeon-superintendent on board of the Alardus was very unsatisfactory, for although it is stipulated in the agreement with Louis Knorr and Co. that the care and management of the emigrants is to devolve on the surgeon, no such condition can over-ride the German, law, which makes the captain supreme, and in case of a difference of opinion arising between surgeon and captain, the former would be by law compelled to give way. This, if we believe the surgeon's report forwarded from Melbourne, was on several occasions actually what occurred ; his suggestions and remon- strances were disregarded, and he felt himself powerless to resist. It may be remarked that the surgeon says most positively that he never knew of the existence of the clause in Louis Knorr and Co.'s agreement, which refers to his position on board, until it was shown to him during this investigation ; this seems the more singular as he appears to have made his unsatis- factory position a subject of early remonstrance to Mr. Kirchner. " Attached to this report is a synopsis of the deaths which have occurred, 28 in number ; 22 of children under five years of age, and 6 per- sons above that age, in addition to which three deaths occurred in quarantine, after the date of the above synopsis, two of children, and one adult, making the total number since leaving Hamburgh thirty-one. " We are of opinion that the sickness prob- ably owed its origin to the weak and enfeebled constitutions of many of the immigrants, es- pecially the children, who were in too large a number (92), and who are represented to have come on board badly clothed, suffering from the effects of indigence and want, and bearing the germs of sickness about them ; that disease having been thus introduced, it was aggravated by bad ventilation, by overcrowding of the compartments between decks, by bad water, and by the filthy habits, and want of energy of the immigrants themselves, who, according to the surgeon's statements, could not be induced to go on deck when the weather permitted it, or to clean their persons, their bedding, or com- partments ; and finally,—as far as regards the appearance of typhus,—very probably to the ship's long detention in the tropics during the rainy season occasioned by her visit to Per- nambuco. " Finally, as regards gratuities, we see no reason to recommend any deductions being made in those payable to the the surgeon, but do not think the mate's behaviour to the immi- grants was such as to deserve any pecuniary recognition from the Government of Queens- land. " We have the honor to be, Sir, " Your most obedient servants, " F. O. DARVALL. " JOHN McDONNELL. " W. HOBBS. " CHAS. PRENTICE. " ROBT. GRAY. " The Hon. the Colonial Secretary." On Friday evening, 11th instant, a meeting of German and Scandinavian residents of this city was held in Tattersall's Hotel, Dr. Emmel- hainz presiding, to receive the report of their committee on the treatment experienced by the immigrants on board the Alardus. Mr. H. RUTHNING went fully into the ques- tion of the great danger of the present loose system, and pointed out how very necessary it was that alterations of a radical kind should be effected. If this colony desired to continue Ger- man and Scandinavian immigration greater secu- rity than mere instructions to the Continental Agent must be given that those immigrants will be well treated. As Mr. Brahe, the German Consul in Melbourne had already placed before the Imperial German Government strong re- monstrances on the laxity of supervision in Hamburg, and the apparent defect of Ger- man passenger laws, so the committee intend to appeal to the German Government and the German Press in a similar manner. But our own laws are seriously defective, and call for immediate reform. Neither do the present arrangements with the shippers appear to be calculated for the protection of the immigrants, and alterations in this respect should be made. The local Immigration Board, not by special law, but by courteous acknowledgement on the part of the Government of the claims of the German and Scandinavian population should contain amongst its members one German colonist, whose presence on the Board would be a guarantee that German and Scandinavian immigrants shall not be neglected. On the motion of Mr. RUTHNING, seconded by Mr. HAGEN, the following Report was adopted, and its circulation, in German and Danish printed copies, amongst the German and Scandinavian population of the colony, agreed to :— " To the German and Scandinavian population of Queensland. " In a public meeting held in the Town Hall, Brisbane, on 29th May, 1873, a committee was elected for the purpose of procuring legal assist- ance for the passengers of the Alardus, which committee herewith bring up their report. " The strict and searching enquiry of the local Immigration Board has resulted in show- ing an excess on that ship of about one hundred passengers, and a great deficiency of ventilation, and proves how little in Hamburg the Commis- sion of Inquiry could have taken into account the duration, discomfort, and many changes of temperature connected with a voyage to Queens- land. It is absolutely necessary that the pas- sengers should receive the space demanded by the Queensland regulations, and especially good ventilation between decks. There should also be on board a water condenser, and for the sick and convalescents a larger quantity of medical comforts. " To secure this strict supervision in German ports for emigrant vessels sailing here, the com- mittee intend to appeal direct to the Imperial German Government. But that everything possible may be done on the part of this colony in order to extend protection to foreign immi- grants in foreign vessels, the committee propose to move our Legislature for the adoption of an enactment similar to the Victorian ' Passengers Harbors, and Navigation Statute, 1865, Part 2.' The laws of this colony unfortunately show in this respect a difficulty of application, and great defects. The committee intend, as soon as the present session of Parliament has closed, to place before our Govornment suggestions to this end, and also with reference to other arrange- ments, as local security of theshippers, &c.; " The committee now call upon the German and Scandinavian population of this colony to give votes in the coming general election only to such candidates as promise publicly to obtain, in the first session of the new Parliament a reform in our laws, in order to secure as much as possible protection to non-British immigrants in foreign vessels. " The subscription, less a deduction of 16 2/3 per cent. for outlays incurred, will be returned by Mr. Just, Fortitude Valley, until the end of next month. This gentleman, as Treasurer of the Committee, will readily produce the accounts in this matter. " Brisbane, 11th July, 1873." A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting. THE opinion of the New York Daily Bulletin on the Alabama money is not complimentary to the States. The paper says :—" The money when received from the English Government, will be paid into the United States Treasury, and the American claimants may then find to their cost that it is scarcely lots difficult to collect funds from their own than it is from foreign Governments." THE Wolverhampton Grammer School has had £1,000 worth of land given, to it by a firm of solicitors on behalf of their client. 