LATER KETTS. . By the s.s. Derwent, that arrived at Launceston on Sunday, we have Victorian papers, metropolitan and provincial to Saturday. By the same vessel. we have also files from South Australia to the 9th inst., and from the Middle Island, New Zealand, to the 3rd inst. We take from the Melbourne papers the following items of telegraphic intelligence, supplementary to, or explanatory of the Australian Associated Press telegrams forwarded to us by the Tasmanian cable : NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, Tuesday. The Hon. G. W. Allen has accepted the appointment of Minister of Justice, and resigned his seat at the Council of Education. He is succeeded by Mr. Brown, the member for Newtown. Tenders were opened to-day for the Queensland loan of £80,000 at 4 per cent. Tenders were received to the amount of £100,1100, but all except one for £100 were below £00, which was the minimum fixed. If the minimum of the previous loan had been taken, £72,000 would have been placed. The sale of Mr. Lloyd's stations was stopped to-day by the mortgagor obtaining an injunction from the Supreme Court. A. young man named John Glover, who is supposed to be insane, murdered William Piety with an axe near Boolaroo, on Friday night, and then burned the body. The murderer has been arrested and committed for trial, the jury adding to their verdict an expression of opinion that the prisoner was of unsound mind. Mr. Goold has been elected Mayor of the city. The Full Court has decided to postpone the action Copping v. Bennett, for the recovery of dramatic authors fees, until the February sittings. The new Electoral Bill, which has been read a first time, increases the number of members to ninety, and provides one member for Sydney University at a future date. Public nominations are to continue, but candidates are to make a monetary deposit, which is to be forfeited in the event of their not receiving one seventh of the votes polled by the highest candidate. Riverina is to return one member for each of the following districts Albury, Darling, Home, Murrumbidgee, Murray, and Oxley. The writs are to reduce twenty-four hours after Parliament is dissolved, add to be returnable within thirty days, and the new Parliament is to be assembled within the third clear day after. The Queensland debentures offered to-day were not on Government account, but were a portion of the Bank of New South Wales' purchase of last issue. Wednesday. In the Legislative Council Mr. Thompson takes an objection that Mr. Innes, not now being a responsible member of the Ministry, did not represent the Government, and further gave notice of motion (that a responsible Minister should occupy a seat in the Council. The Assembly is in committee on the MininrJUlL The House will adjourn for the holidays on Friday week. Mr. G. W. Allen's re-election is not likely to ba contested. V P Mr. Bramston has resigned the Attorney-General ship of Hong Kong. The Torres Straits mail steamer Sun Foo passed Townsville yesterday, and is expected to arrive at Brisbane to-morrow. An extensive discovery of coal has been made near Berrima, six miles from the railway. The lead is 17ft. thick. A fire occurred on board the schooner Scotia, but it was suppressed without much damage being done. A number of passages have already been secured by the Californian mail steamer Macgregor. The A.S N. Company have decided to increase the steam traffic accommodation on the Queensland coast. Honolulu sugars were sold at auction from £24 10s to £33 15a ; damaged Mauritius brought full rates. Thursday. Professor Liversedge confirms the reported discovery of diamonds near Tambaroora. The largest found weighs three carats, and is of excellent colour. Mr. James Cater, of the Manila station, has been killed by his horse throwing him against a tree. The branch mail steamer Governor Blackall left to-day for Auckland and Fiji. The Assembly has resumed the discussion of the Mining Bill The Government has removed Mr. Loder from the magistracy, owing to his conviction for riot. Wool is coming in freely. At to-day's sale, prices , were easier, and only prime lots realised late rates. Sheepskins are lower. The import markets are dull. Linseed oil is scares. Sydney, Friday. The Triennial Parliaments Bill has passed the Assembly. Mr. Parkes has intimated that he will, on Friday next, move on adjournment to 13th January. The Herald directs attention to clause 8 of the Border Treaty Schedule, and opines that Mr. Francis could not notify the exclusion of tobacco until its introduction had actually commenced. The Rev. Dr. West, editor of the Strata, was seized with a fit whilst returning from the office in his carriage last night, and died within a few hours after. The steamer Governor Blackall, being unable to complete her coaling, was detained until this morning. A body has been found at Ruby Creek which has been pronounced to he that of a Chinaman. It is supposed that he was killed while asleep, as a pick had been driven into his brain. A verdict of wilful murder has been returned by the coroner's jury. A man who recently left for the Palmer River is strongly suspected of the crime. Seven hundred tons of ore were received from Uta tin mines last month. The officers of the A.S N. Company give Captain Grainger a farewell dinner to- night on his leaving the company's service. Mr. Thompson the assistant superintendent of the company's works, has been appointed resident engineer of the Pacific Mail Company at Callao. Bottled ale is firmer. Small sales of plantation coffee have been made at 1s. 4d. in bond. NEW ZEALAND. Auckland, via Sydney. Auckland news has been received to 9th December. Prospectuses have been issued of two sugar refining companies, one at Wellington, with a capital of £120,000, and another at Dunedin, with a capital of £100,000. The project has been favourably regarded, but the competition between the provincial towns for supremacy is likely to ruin the attempt to establish a colonial refinery. .. The Auckland cricket team are to be entertained, at a banquet to-night, in honour of their return after beating the cricketers throughout the colony. The rifle representatives from Melbourne share in the banqueting honours. Native prospects are improving. A deputation of Kingites has gone to Kitt to urge upon the Maori King to meet the Governor at Ngama-Whaia early next year. The Good Templars are increasing rapidly, and their influence was felt in the late provincial also lions. The nomination of immigrants for the colony, their home by last mail, amounted to 2,361. H.M.S. Basilisk leaves shortly for New Guinea to continue the surveys there, Captain Moresby's action at that island having been approved by the Home Govern- mont. Sugars are well supplied, and 20s per ton lower. Mauritius, best whites, £38 to £39. Brandies are firm at 9s to 9s 6d. Ale and stout are scarce. Bread stuffs unchanged. Oats firmer, 3s to 5s 6d. Maize, 4s 8d. Tolmccofs and teas fully supplied. Caledonian shares, £12 ; Tookey, no transactions. Dined in, December 4th. Arrived : Keino, French war steamer, from Sydney ; Zealands and Jessie Redman, from London ; Eleanor, from Newcastle ; Ijraporor, from Mauritius. Lyttelton, December 4th. Sailed : Jane, for Hobart Town. . Wellington, December 4th,. Arrived : Turnbull, from Foo Chow Foo, Napier, December 4th. Arrived : Holding, from Christiana, wash Danish immigrants. QUEENSLAND. BntstiANR, Tuesday. Official news from the Palmer River report! the diggings to be good, but prat about scarce. Many are leaving for the Endeavour River. The escort took 5,000oz. of gold. , Miss Brown, a governess, has been killed at Ipswich by her horse bolting and throwing her against a tree. At Stanhope a party of the miners, at Ruby Creek, found the remains of a murdered man partially buried in a prospecting hole near the border. The Queensland police declined to interfere, and information was given to the Tenterfield police. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. AiiKLAinc, Tuesday. The brokers have resolved to petition the Altera- bly to appoint a select committee for the consideration of the Brokers' Bill, and also to establish a brokers' association. Dr. Gosse, chairman of the Education Board, has resigned. Mr, Curkelt, formerly an auctioneer at Cattles maine, has died suddenly at Yam Creek. Mrs. Cobbin, late female searcher, died yesterday. The trial of Ridgeway, for murdering Burt on the Coonatto run, is proceeding. A private telegram from the Northern Territory states that all the men are leaving for the alluvial diggings. All the railway bills have passed both Houses of Parliament. The education debate is further adjourned until to-morrow. Breadstuffs are firm and unaltered. Wednesday. The Council has rejected the Education Bill by a majority of three. The second reading of the Judges' Salary Bill has been carried in the Assembly. A disastrous fire destroyed half Mr. Angus' Willes who run, and swept over Spring Creek, Willowie, Booleroo, Charlton, Laura, Gladstone, Broughton, Crystal Brook, Hummocks, and Appila. Most of these being agricultural areas, fears are entertained that an immense quantity of wheat has been destroyed. Mr. C. B. Pearson has lost his standing crops. A thunderstorm occurred last night, and the weather is now cooler. Mr. Geo. Donaldson, jun., has been appointed clerk of the Palmerston local court. Breadstuffs are unchanged. Later telegrams contradict the impression that fires in the North are so widespread as at first thought, but information is very meagre. Thursday. A petition, signed by 2,000 persons, had been presented to the Assembly in favour of a railway to the Murray. Ridgeway has been found guilty of the murder of Burt on the Coonatto run, and sentenced to death. Very little wheat has been destroyed by the late bush fire. The annual meeting of the Bible Society was held last night. Wheat is firm and unchanged. Friday. The Appropriation Bill has patted the Assembly, and the Northern Territory Mining Bill has passed the Council. The Treasurer has abandoned the motion for raising a loan on inscribed stock, as the amount in the Treasury is sufficient to enable him to tide over the recess. The prorogation of Parliament takes place next Friday. Twenty-one thousand acres of land were selected during the month of November. The Government have extended the time for resuming work in the claims at the Northern Territory until 1st March. The jury on the Woolcock murder case have petitioned the Crown to proceed against the Kapunda Herald for alleged libels on their conduct. Now wheat is being shipped to England by the South Australian and St. Vincent. The brig Adrumintu, from Melbourne to Adelaide. put into Victor Harbour uncertain of her position. She reports all well, and leaves for Adelaide to- day. A Yam Creek telegram states that a mining surveyor and registrar are wanted at the new rush. There is the best show of gold in the territory, that the alluvial is insufficient to warrant a rush. The work consists of scraping rock with a tin dish. The alluvial is line, like that in Queensland. Wheat is firm at 3s. 3d. to 5s. 4d. Port Darwin, Friday. The warden's reports are good, and show surface gold on the new field at Pine Creek. Many defects have been granted for alluvial and reefing oltisM. Scarcely tiny labour is employed on the job, and there will be very little crushing this year. Small quantities of gold are in the hands of private diggers. Seven now public-house licences wait grounded on Monday. 