TOPICS OF THE DAY The Equity Court will sit this morning at half past 10 o'clock. The Atrato, barque, which arrived on Monday morning from Cape Town, reports that the Orient, Jane Bell, and Fair Hover had called at the Cape. We are requested to draw attention to an announcement in our advertising columns of an entertainment in aid of the Organ Fund, St. Andrew's Church, Walkerville. We understand that Mr. Bee, Inspector of Police, has intimated to the Government his wish to change his present office for some other appointment in the Civil Service. We learn that the Gable Company's staff at Ban joe wangle have recovered from the effects of Deujrue fever, and the usual hours of working are now resumed at that office. A meeting of the Havilah Gold Mining Company is to be held this afternoon, in White's Rooms, and we understand the pro ceedings are likely to be lively and interesting. Messrs. McCulloch, Campbell, & Co., of Melbourne, report the sale of the famous Clydesdale champion entire horse of Scotland and Australia to Mr. Charles B. Fisher for £1,200, the highest price ever paid for a draught horse in Victoria. We published a few days ago a tele- Cran announcing the ontbreajc of cholera &t; East London. It appears by cur telegram pub lished this morning that the rumor was nol correct. Two cases only have occurred amongst Danish emigrants en route to New Zealand. The whole party have been placed under me dical care. We are informed that the Directors of the Waukaringa Gold Mining Company have engaged a milling captain in Victoria, and authorised him to bring six practical miners over with him at their cost, i'his is one good way of dealing with the immigration question. We also learn that there will be an early crush ing of three tons of quartz from this miue—one ton being already in Adelaide, and the other two on their way down. The following is a return of the num ber of telegrams sent through the British-Aus tralian Cable from Port Barwin for the week ending Saturday, August 2:—From the colonies —South Australia, 16; Victoria, 33; >ew South Wales, 26; Queensland, 2; Tasmania, 2; New Zealand, nil; total, 79. To the colonies —South Australia, 13; Victoria, 37; New South Wales, 30 ; Queensland, 5 ; Tasmania, 1; New Zealand, 4; total, 90. Grand total, 169. According to Mr. Boothby's prefatory report to the agricultural statistics, the quan tity of rainfall during the three months of May, June, and July of 1872 was 11? inches. We ara informed officially that the quantity for the three months during the present year was 7-689inche«. But the rain this year has been spread over a greater number of days, and none of it has been wasted. Besides, the ground has been kept moist dnring the greater part of the months referred to. At an adjourned meeting of 57 jour neymen butchers, held at the Londoo Inn on Monday, August 4, Mr. J. Powell in the chair. Secretary Byrne read minutes of previous meet ings ; also code of rcles for the working of the Association, which were all adopted, with some alight amendments. It was also proposed that a meeting be held on Monday evening next, and that all employes be requested to attend, when the rules will be read over to them for their in formation and approval The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Satur day and die same hour on Monday, August 4, is registered as follows:— The following is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win telegraph line:—Beltana, S., very light, fresh, fine, clear; Strangways Springs, W. by' N., light, dear, fine, cool; Peake, calm, dear, doudy; Charlotte Waters, calm, fine, rain; Alice Springs, calm, doll, dense fog, rain; Barrow Creek, N.E., light, fine, cool; Tennant Creak, E., fresh, fine, dear, cool; Powell Greek, 8., fresh, dear, fine, cool; Daly Waters, calm, dear, pleasant; Katherinn, calm, clear, very fine, pleasant; Tarn Creek, 5.8., fresh, fine, dear; Port Darwin, S.E., light, fine, dear. An accident of a dangerous nature hap pened to Mrs. S. Coombe, of Brompton, and her two sana on Saturday evening. Whilst re turning from Adelaide in a one-hone trap, on turning the corner of the Lower North-road, near the Tanners' Arms, Botrdcn, the hone took fright at a light in a yard opposite, and then, plunging furiously, capsized die vehicle, throwing the ooenpanta violently to the ground. Fortunately they had no bones broken, but escaped with a few scan and braises. The hone continuing its cause, came in contact with the hotel lamp- post, ■*""-gfnr; the trap considerably. To-morrow the Adelaide Hunt Club intend to celebrate the Duke of Edinburgh's birthday by a grand run in the Horphett Vale district. They have accepted an invitation from Mr. C tt. Styles, M.P., to lunch at his residence, and the dogs will throw off imme diately afterwards, the hunt leading over a fine line of country, with a pleasant variety of leaps. The landowners and oocupiers have been most ready to give leave for the hunt to cross their grounds; and probably there will be a large muster of local horsemen and spectators, as Brands have not been Men in that quarter for nearly twenty years. An adjourned meeting of journeymen shoemakers was held at the Thistle Inn, Way moutb-atreet, on Monday evening, August 4. There were about 60 journeymen present, and Mr. It J. Stapleton occupied the chair, Mr. P. Healey acting as Secretary. The Chairman re ferred to the report of the Committee and read the prospectus of the proposed Society—a co operative society, members acquiring an interest by tile purchase of shares—which was, after some remarks, adopted in a slightly amended form. A Committee of aeven was appointed to act until the Society was formed. Votes of thanks to the Chairman, Secretary, and p.ess ciostd the meeting. A meeting of Collegians (Mr. Fred. Avers presiding) was held in Queen's Cham bers on Monday afternoon, August 4, at which it was unanimously resolved that a scholarship for natural science should le founded in memory of their late waster, Mr. C. W. May, instead of erecting a memorial window in the College Chapel, as was originally intended. The Committee were re jneated to take whatever steps were necessary ia order that about £150 might be subscribed. Half of the amount is already in the Treasurer's bands, and it is confidently predicted that there will be no difficulty in obtaining the remainder. Collegians will be sure to support such a pro ject, Ey which the memory of their esteemed master will be handed down to posterity. The following is a telegram sent by Mr. C J. Coates, Secretary Northern Territoiy Prospecting Company, to Mr. Thomas Burgan, in charge of the party sent to the Northern Territory, and the rtply received thereto: - " How many claims have you, and where situated?" "August4.—Three situated south end John Bull line reef, twelve miles west from Tarn CreeV, on telegraph line, and six miles south-east from Howley Crossing. Numbers one ,three, and five, north from Springbett's I 'respecting Claim, registered numbers; Hal lack's, three hundred forty-one (341); Oossens, three hundred thirty-seven; Herbert's, three hundred thirty-eight; gold on Hallaek's; ethers untried. Specimens quartz Omeo.— Thos. BuHGiN, near the Gums." On Monday afternoon there was a meet ing at Ford's Hotel relative to the roadstead murder. The Rev. Samuel Green was ap pointed Chairman. It was stated that the meeting was held in consequence of a generally expressed feeling of sympathy with the widaw of the late Captain Whittacombe. The first ebullition of feeling had been in favor of build ing an elaborate monument over the late captain's grave, and forwarding to his widow a photograph of tile same. This looked feasible at the first blush, but on second consideration, it sras thought better to place a simple slab over the grave, and send to the bereaved widow a handsome sum of money. Mr. Green was appointed Treasurer, and Mr. A. S. NeiU Secre tiry- The Committee were appointed as fol lows :—Captains Bickers, Baillie, fockyer. Jack, Bairon, Begg, Kamsay, and Johnson; Messrs. John Formby, W. R. Cave, Neiil, and Bennett, with power to add to the number. An expression of regret at the absence of the ship's agents, Messrs. Levi It Co., was recorded, as well as a vote of thanks to Sergeant Doyle, for the careful and attentive manner in which the funeral of the deceased caniaiu had been provided for and arranged. Subscription-lists were opened at once, and very liberally re sponded to, so that there needs but the slightest exertions on the part of the Committee to show how heartily South Australians can befriend the bereived widow. The Penola correspondent of the Border WaUh, writing July 31, says:—"Much alarm is felt at the unaccountable absence of Mr. ?. Wright, an old resident amongst us, and who keeps a baker's shop and general store on the main road. It appears that on Monday after noon he proceeded with his horse and cart northward, on his road to the contracts be tween Penola and Nameoorte, on pur pose to collect accounts; be left his cart about two miles from Penola, and borrowed a saddle. He was met by Mr, Koehler, the butcher, about eight miles from Penola, and th?n said he felt very unwell. Koehler tried to persuade him to come back with him, but he said he weuld go on. Nothing being heard of him, on Tuesday some of his relatives proceeded along the road to enquire for him, and it was then found that he had not been at the con tracts, neither bad he called at any of the stations. The horse he was riding was a remark ably quiet one. On Thursday the police turned out, and again madea search in all likely places, without success. On Thursday evening a meet ing of the inhabitants was convened at the Royal Oak Hotel, and it was then determined for a large party on foot and horseback to start on Friday morning, and make a thorough aeaxeh through the country from when ha wu last seen." A telegram, dated Ist August, from Penola, states that—"The police, and about two dozen of the inhabitants, have been out searching all day for the missing man Mr. Wright, but did not obtain the slightest due to "his whereabouts." Our Melbourne correspondent, refer ring to the alleged alarming prevalence of infanticide in Victoria, and to the sensational comments of a portion of Hie press of that colouy, remarks:—"The cases that have oc curred are, of course, very shocking, but «imil?r occurrences are not so rare in Rngl«.T?i or in other countries as to justify all that tie Mel bourne papers say on the subject. The crime of infanticide is not by any means so prevalent in these colonies as it is in England. What relates to Sooth Australia you can work out for yourselves; what relates to Victoria, as com pared with Rngland, has thus been worked out for us. as a check upon the ' moral pruriency' j of our • sensation-mongers.' In IS7I there wete five cases of infanticide in a population of 750,000, or one in every 150,000 persons. In England and Wales the average yearly number is 1,000 in a population of, say 20,000,000, or one in every 20,000. In the central district of Middlesex it is 70 in a population of 900,000, or one in 13,000, With such facts before us it is monstrous to talk of the alarming prevalence of infanticide in this colony. There may be some cases that are never brought to light, I but so there are in England, where—Dr. Lao- j tester maintains—for every one discovered there is one concealed. We talk of the 'sen nationalism' of the American press, but there is a great deal tso much of that growing op among ourselves, and it should be checked. It is, however, of an entirely different kind to American 'sensationalism.' The Americans are imaginative, initiative, inventive, but never 'fool their own nest' They are too chary birds for that, and might so far be copied with advantage. Our statistics, like yours, show that crime of every description is on the de crease. That is as it should be, and we should neither traduce others nor become seU-tra docera." •B-Mr. J. H. Parrdesires us to call special attention to hi* Sale, at Messrs. Smart k Co. 1* Store, Grwham-street, at 11 o'clock This Morn ing, of 6 Bales Grey Calicoes, Flannels, fee. «W Mr. W. O. loxmoore requests special attention directed to his Sale at the Exchange j Hart To-day of a large and complete Station i Outfit, Lease of a valuable Cattle Eon, and •boat 4H head of well- bred Cuttle. Sale at noon. It may not be generally known that Mr. J. M. Wendt, of B*, laniDLE-STBErr, in the ostly Jeweller who has taken prizes and medals for colonial-nude Jewellery and Plate at the diffe rent Exhibitions in the colony. Be has also succeeded in carrying off Prize Medals at the Intercolonial Exhibitions in Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand, and in all instances the competition has been very extensive. These facts speak wonders for the excellence of finish and elegance in design of the goods --^Hifan tured in his establishment sttho Slaughter is one of the many words which from their expressiveness are used to convey relatively the same idea nnder widely different circumstances. As applied to war it signifies a rotbleu disregard to the sacrifice of human life by combatants in the struggle to attain a given object In trade the same word is fre quently used to denote a similar disregard to the ■aorifio? made upon the value of goods to effect a complete clearance wben any circum stance renders such a proceeding desirable. Such a circumstance is now operating in the approaching expiration of the partnership hitherto existing under the style of 3. A. Northkoee & Co. which renders it desirable that the siock and liabilities of the firm shall |irevioosly be reduced to the smallest possible limit*. By an advertisement in another column it will be seen that, with a view of effecting this, they intend offering their entire stock, worth-orer £40,000, at an immense sacrifice —to make, in fact, a complete nlaugkier. do MAEAVILEA. OOooA.—Tatua ?boxkbbs (the largest Manufacturers of Coco* fist Europe), having the exclusive eapply of this anrrralled Coco* for Parity fine Aroma—Sanative, Kutntive and Sus taining Power— Easiness of Digestion— and especially, high delicious flavor. One trial will establish it as a favorite Beverag* for breakfast, luncheon, and a'- Soothing Refreshment after a late evening. N.B. Caution—" Maravilla" is a registered Trade Mark. MARAVILLA COCOA.-The Gkb. Rays, " Titlob Bbothus' Maravilla. Coco:, hns achieved a thorough success, and su{H>r * dcs every other Coooa in the market. Eutire solubility, a delicate aroma, and t rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilb) Ciena above all others. For Invalids an Dyspeptics, we could not recommend more agreeable or valuable beverage." F farther favorable opinions vide Standard Morning Pott, British Medical Journa EOIKEOPATHIC COCOA.—Th original preparation, which has attained euch a world- wide reputation, is manufac tured by Taylor Bbotkers, under the ablest homoeopathic advice, aided by the drill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an enrinenJ degree the purity, fine aroma, ajd nntr tious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in on* minute without boiling. The above arti cles-are prepared exclusively by Tatlob Beothcbs, the largest manufacturers iti Europa, and sold in tin-lined packets only by Storekeepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Sxport Cttoarj Mills, Bruges, gUanma. ■tzham. Adelaide ... 0-055 Willnnga ... 0160 Gawler ... 0050 Nomuaville ... 0140 Taannda ... 0 1001 Port EUiot ... 0137 Kapnnda ... 0"030 McSntfa's Flat 0-030 Auburn ... 0t>40 Babe Town ... 0 150 CUre 0t?20 Moant Gunbier 0t?0 Monnt Barker... 0165 PenoU. 0*210 Strathalbyn ... 0O60 AVentworth ... 0026 Gumeracha ... 0-250 