iAULIbH TJBLEGliAMS BY CABLE AND OVERLAND LIJS'E. % 7 ? ? — (Baiter's Telfigiiwis to Australian Associa te ted P;-fiv,y.) yb \\\ London. Ausust 1. A discussion: took place in the House -of Com 1110ns on Ministerial ^^Responsibility, in conse quence of Mr J|Ayrtoi£repudiating the responsi bility of the Board of 'Works for the alteration of an .estimate by the Treasurer. Mr Gladstone disagreed with the dictum laid down by Mr Ayrton. Parliament stands adjourned till Tuesday. ,,sTlie,K.ing of Saxony is. reported to be recover ing. In the House of Commons, Mr. G. Sclater 33ootli criticised the management of the Treas ury.. ; The Right Hon. R. Lowe, promised that henceforth regularity and order should, pre vail. The appointment of Mr. Stephens to succeed Sir George Jessel as Solicitor-General has not been c ?ntirmed. The grant for an additional £10,000 a year to the Duke of Edinburgh on his marriage was brought before the House of Commons. »»The motion was carried with IS dissentients. The Goodwood Cup was won by Flageolet, 1 ; Favonius, second ; and Cremorne, third. The insurgents are burning Seville with petroleum ; and an insurgent squadron consist ing of hve gunboats and two frigates are bom barding the port of Almeria in Andalusia. : The insurgents at Carthagena have formed a . Ministry; and are negotiating with those of Yalentia. Don Carlos lias entered Biscay. The insurgent troops are in possession of Seville. Cholera is spreading in Tennessee, America. London, August 2. The Bank of England rate of discount remains at 3J per cent. Money is easier in the Contin ental markets, and the discounts are falling. Stocks are firmer. . Copper of all kinds is quiet. Australian is -quoted at £86 to £87 for cash. Tin is steady. Straits slab, £130. Australian tallow has improved. WooMand wheat are unchanged. Best sides of Australian- leather sell at 12d. to 13d. per lb. Hides are steady, at 6d|j. per lb. for 'first heavy, and Gid. per lb. for best light. Sydney cocoanut oil, £27 to £31. . The, rumour that cholera had broken out a 'week ago was contradicted, but two cases have since occurred among some Danish immigrants en route for New Zealand, and the whole of the parjby have been placed under medical care. % A new ^Egyptian loan is announced of £32,000,006! \- London, August 4. A railway accident, which; caused the. death o£ fourteen x-ersons has occurred at Wigan. The English, French, and German Naval commanders have agreed to prevent excesses by - Spanish insurgent war ships. . ? . ; ,;1. ?. . ? i - . London, August 5:. Parliament has been, prorogued. In , the Speech delivered on the oceassion, her Majesty thanked the Legislature for the loyal prompti tude with which it had made ; provision for the appoaching marriage of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh with the Grand Duchess Maria .of Russia, ,and trusted that the union will prove to be a new tie of amity between England and the two great empires who are among the first of the foreign Powers. Reference is made to the successful termina tion of the mission of Sir Battle Frere to Zanzi bar, and to the new commercial treaty which has been entered into with France. It is also mentioned in the Speech that extra dition treaties have been entered into with Italy, Denmark, Sweden, and Brazil ; and that negotia tions are proceeding' for similar agreements with other Sates. The Speech further alludes to the liberality of the House of Commons in enabling the Govern ment to prompt sy meet the claims of America consequent on the Geneva award. The measures of the session are then enume rated, and ifc is stated that the revenue is fully answering the expectations of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, although the activity of trade is somewhat restrained by the general condition of the people, which continues without evidences of improvement, and leads to continued agitation for a dissolution. The cases of cholera in London are confined to the party of Danish emigrants who arrived here on their way to New Zealand. There are seventy of them. They have been placed on board the liospital ship at Gravesend. Four cases of cholera have occurred, and there have been two deaths. Dr. Featherstone is looking after the welfare of the emigrants in the interest of New Zealand. Cholera has appeared at Berlin. The insurgents have surrendered in Granada, and the insurrection has been overcome through out Andalusia. London, August 6. The R, M. S. China, with the July mails from Australia, arrived at Galle to-day. Prince Arthur has been betrothed to Princess Thyra, of Denmark. Reinforcements have arrived for the defence of Cape Coast Castle against the Ashantees ; but the troops have suffered much from sickness ?and the heavy rains are likely to prevent imme diate operations. The French harvest it is estimated will show a deficiency of nearly 1,140,000 hectolitres. The Comte de Paris has had an interview ?with tlie Comte de Chambord at Vienna. 