LONDON WOOL A2SD PKO1X7CK October 24th. The fourth series for the year of tbe London Colonial Wool Sales closed on October 23rd. At the opening, prices for all kinds Australian fleece w»ol were firm ; combing and half-bred showing some advance. During the progress of the sales tbis ten- ' denny increased, and prices for the hitter kinds may now be quoted one penny to one penny/ halfpenny dearer than last sales, in man; cases even more. Other kinds hare continued firm except scoured and greasy, whicb-' were rather easier at times. ? Australian preserved mutton (61b tins) Sd per ib. ; 41b tins beef and mutton at lower rates. Adelaide wheat quoted at 65s to 66s per 496-lbs. {From the Herald's Message.) The first consignment of Queensland sugar to test tbe inglisb market, was sold by anctian last neelt, the prices realized being considered satisfactory. Large quantities of Australian tinned meats hare been forwarded to tbe West Coa»t of Africa. At the Mansion House banquet, on the 2l«t, Mr. Saul Samuel nude an admirable speech iu responding t* the toast; of tbe Botiah colonies. He avowed tbs attachment of the Australian colonies to tbe mother country, deprecated severance, and warned England agaiost sacrificing tbe integrity of the Empire to sordid notions of ecenomy. Captain Warren's machine for the production of artificial ice was exhibited Jast week. It is intended principally for use in India, , The Bev Jobn Graham, from Sydney, preaoHed tht iuaUirural sermon ot the autumnal meetings of tbe Congregational Union at Ipswich. The Brazilian Government granted free passages to England to 161 deceived and destitute emigrant*. Tbe reconstructed Cabinet bait bad several fittings, and the question of dUnolving Parliament was fully dis cussed ; a resolatioa (ran taken to postpone the dissoiu. tion till spring The success of the Liberal oandidatw at Bath and T&unton; greatly disconcerted the Oonsei native party [ a* long series of liberal electoral defeats had intoxi cated the Tories with coaAdeoce and certainty of victory. This reversal of their career of triumph is largely due to the indiscreet letter, full ot political invAftiva nf 1 s\tA (*r*»v An wilfnn Mr. Bright, on accepting tha appointment to the - Duchy of Lancaster published an address to his cob* stituents, which declares that he baa not changed fail old principles, that rather than be unfaithful ti them he would retire from offiea. His re-election was unopposed On the 22nd instant he attended u great meeting at Birmingham., in liingley Hull; 12,000 psraoBs were present including- representative men trm ail partn of the country. His spsecu was magnificent, and the enthusiasm uf the auiiienco biuud --ss He renewed the ;grest historical^ measures posfe-J_ by tke present Government, disavowed aay responsibility {or the Education Act, and expressed a. hope that tbe 25ih clause would be moiiified. He -!M not reveai any Cabinet secrets but foreshadowed ftuther political and fiscal refoims Iikey t» be undertaken, aucb as covwty representation iifome tax rfi(w»l, and Alteration cf the land laws. 1 he tpcecb did much to tooth the irritation of tbe Liberal party. ' - The Conservatives won tho vacaat seat of Bull by a small majority. Mr. Reed, the ship-builder, was de feated. * . Lord Derby »t entertained1 at a non-politica! ban qnet in tbe Town Hall at Liverpool Nearly 300 guests, including tbe Lord Mayor* of London, York, and Dublin, and numerous county magistrates, were present ; the object of th-» gathering was o recognise the warm interest Lord Derby has always taken' in Liverpool aJLur* ; be spoke upon the relations between icnpital and labour, glanced bt.therircnmstatices bot rpunding the Ashanteo war, ^nil said that his judgmeiit . w/m in suspense regarding Ministerial reeponaibility f« the war. ' The JDaktitei .Bdujburgh; durine -hii star »^K GrSnea, viBt^8el»Btopol-«»4»sMtea*tthe feud- tap; of the ironclai Novgorod. ? ir«mJv Three thousand five hundred electors of Morpeth eiened a reauisition to Thomas. Bart, secretary of the Northumberland Miners' Association faxtaudfor that borongh: he consented, and a subscription hat towards de&iayUiKliise;^PBnBaB was opened. . Sir Samuel and Lady Baker have arrived in London ; they have accepted an invitation from the Geographical Society of Mew York to visit Amoriea nert snmmer. Oven's College, at Manchetter. costing one hundred thousand pounds, has been flpeoed with muah state, under the presidency of tbe Duke of Manchester. The Bishopric or Victoria, Hongkong, u conferred on tbeKev.J. S. Bardon, twenty years a musionary jn China. - ? ? . » General M'CleUaud has arrived in England from ' imerici ; and Mark Twainhas been lecturing to large aulienoes in Xondon, ? The jsaees of cholera imported into Liverpool from Havre have not resulted ia a npread of the disease. Since the departure of the Danish immigrants there has been no outbreak in London Cho era huB dfichned at the northern ports of Europe, bnt the utmost vigilance is exercised by die Banitary inspectors The authorities hive m«de extensive raids upon metropolitan milkmen, fiuin-t scores for adulteration, and in turn the latter have held indignation meetings and passed resolutions to raise the price of milk to 5d P-AccoriinE to ? the report of the -aoitiry Committee^ nA ? _* .r M.i.iM «tvmni^j3i1 ? annnftllv ifl wot ten et alL bnt leaves of other plauts. Ten million lbB of grossly adulterated tea is now in bond; the committee urea immediate i«rUamenti*y action. A handsome testimonial, subscribed for by 275British exhibitors, was presented to Mr. Owen, secretary of the fiayal Commission at the Vienna Exhibition, it con Eiseted of b silver dessert service and pnrse of 1300 guineas; and Mrs, Owen received a case of Banian Ths Home Bule agitation in Ireland proceeds vigorously; the priesthood are giving a qualified adheiion. Mr. Butt lectured on the subjeci in London .and elsewhere. ? The IriBn National Commissioners on Education have passed a resolution that on t'a her O'Keeffe satisfying them that he is a fit pnrson to exercise that trust, they will recognise him as manager of the Callan schools. A proposal to reinstate him, however, was negatived by 10 to 4. The matter was referred to the local inspector for inquiry and report. , Reginald Horbert, who uui'orto k to raw from Maid enhead to Westminster Bridge in twelve hours for JSIOQO, accomplished the journey in ten honrg, between -6 and 4. ' -? Two members of the Hackney Bicycle Olu» have ' taken a pleasure trip to Lands End and back, 300 miles, witboutdisarter. ? Kupert Kettle delivered an award in connection with the arbitration betwwn the parties in the North of England iron trade Tuo masters proposed a reduction ofl6d per ton on puddlera and 12$ percent, on 'other ?\ workmen. Mr. Kettle decided against the masters on nil the grounds adduced oy mem. iueanwnue turn uuu. iron continue to rise, and tuo shares of mineral com panies advance daiiy. , * Mr. -Brassey in an address on economy and tiade, at Norwich, said be thought coal must fail in price in about two years, though never to the old rates; he IooVb for relief mainly to new methods of econo mising, the useof coal. . In Mr. Hali lay's opening address at the Bristol Miners' Conference, he said the Amalgamated Sooiety had nearly one hundred thsusand members ; he insisted that workmen had not obtained a fair share of the advanoedTAte'. Eight hundred Leicestershire miners struck on the ?weiijhine.fluestion. . , . , . „ Serious riots by Cornish miners occurred at Uiun ? borne, originating in feuds with the police. The Nottingham lace trade strike continues. A general strike ia imminent among Leith sailors. HConoesaionB by masters terminated the sailors' strike. Tn Somersetshire four torchlight processions of agri cultural kbonrers passed off without disorder j about il.COOO persons altogether were present ; hundreds of 'tenant farmers counteuanced the proceedings. Railway accidents are declining in frequency and ?eovetity, bnt still numerous collisions have occurred. The BiBhop of London's palace narrowly escaped -destruction by fire ; the stables, stalls, and coach-house were consumed. 4 fire at' Ardvorike Lodge, belonging to Sir John Eameden, burnt out the inmates and destroyed the Art treasures; the losi is estimated at L60 000. The adoption of asphalte pavements is rapidly spread ing in London. The tramatlantic balloon was repaired.l&nd; started l'rom New York on the morning of the (Sth wi h Messrs. Donaldson. Ford, and Lunt, going east; these men ?were a Balloonist, an artist, and ti sailor ; after a short soil across Connecticut it descended about 100 miles from the starting point. Uarnum is in Kurope consult- ' in? eminent aeronauts on the subject of a 'voyage between America aud Europe. Sir George Grey retires from public life at the close of the preBent Parliament. The Kitv. W. Knight has resigned his Ministry in the Free Obnreh. Mr. Piimsoll was«ntertained at a banquet at Ports mouth, * ' At Sheffield the steel manufacturers are working only four days s week, owing to the dearness of coal The steamship Ismail foundered on her voyage be tween America. and Glasgow. An amnesty meeting was held at Blackheath. and a monster gathering is announced at Dublin for Novem ber 23. tide anniversary of the execntion of the Man chester Fenians. Road-making is progressing rapidly towards capital of the Ashautees, who appear to bs retreating. Australian tin has attracted attention, and it is pro noutioed equal ia quality to the best English tin. Dave Carson has left with a company for Sydney. Judge Francis returns at the end of November. The famuel FlimceU, for cydncy, will take 110 assisted immigrants. 