INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. A i PLEASING instance of good feeling between different religious bodies has been afforded in South Australia. The Adelaide Observer of the 20th ultimo says -"The anniversary sor vite of the Strahan) n Wesleyan Chapel were held on Sunday last. The morning sermon was preached by the Rev J G Vii right, Primitive Methodist, unit in the afternoon and evening the Rev T Lloyd, of North Adelaide, officiated There were large congregations. On Tuesday evening a public tea meeting was numerously attended, and a pleasing feature was the friendly feeling shown by members of various churches At the public author mg the Rev. J Y Simpson presided A crowded audience assembled and with cases were given by the chairman, the Revs F S Poole, li A (Church of Jinglitud), T Lloyd(Wesliiyiin),J G Wright (Primitive), and other gentlemen Thollov J b" Hotidorson (Presbyterian) being unwell, Bent an apology for his absence The anniversary was, if not the most successful ever held by the Wesleyans, one of the best THE Melbourne Argus states -It is probable that in very short time the banking facilities of the colony will be still further increased by the establishment of the Australian and European Bank a colonial scheme which has for a considerable time past been quietly making progresS towards maturity It is expected that in a few days more the list of provisional directors will be fully made up A RULE has been laid down by Judge Rogers s for his guidance (says the Ballarat Azar), that will help His Honor to piosoivomoro uniformity in sentences passed by him than IS noticeable in the punishment awarded by other be called Judges In fixing the term of imprisonment, His Honor considers the longest Grindrod by the Legislature, and a reduction of it is guided by what may be termed extenuating circumstances, such as a first offence, previous good character, pleading guilty, and other matters that tend to place a prisoner's general conduct in a more favorable light. In sentencing the prisoners at the general sessions on Thursday, he referred frequently to Uno plan of adjusting sentences has Married Women's Property Statute OUUBOS some confusion in courts of law," observes the Ballarat blue, and defects in it mo fro quietly being brought under notice A ease thereof Shields Williams v Forbes-wosoallod on for hearing at the County Court on Friday, and it was found that it had been set down for trial by) jury, but in consequence of the usual fees not having been paid jury men were not forthcoming The case was about to be struck out, when the defendant's counsel claimed costs The plaintiff demo J that he had the means to pay for a jury, and could not pay the costs Mr Hardy, solicitor for the defendant, said that the plaintiff was worth £150, and that his wife was carrying on business as a butcher' Judfo Itogors,howovor, refused to interfere with the Married Women's Act, stating that he expected just as much when the Act was passed that the women would keep the shop, and the men would stop at home to mind the babies " THE Wellington Independent writes -" A curious story reaches IIB by telegraph from Invercargill to the effect that the crew of a coaling bout who had penetrated to an inland lake near Milford Sound found traces of MotOR whilst they were fishing for oats It is stated that they saw the smoke of a fire on the opposite side of the lake, and that on proceeding to the spot they found recent footprints, which they seem to have at once decided were those of Maoris The only thing to give any mr of probability to the supposition that these traces might be those of a ' wild' tribe of Maoris is the report made some two years ago by the master of a Boating boat, who asserted that he had sent a number of Maoris, who died as soon as they were observed There is also a tradition amongst some of the natives living on the West Coast that there is a lost tribe somewhere in the western wilds " IHP Lyttelton Times states that a German opera troupe were performing in San I ancient, and intelligence has been received that they intend visiting Australia immediately. This troupe is spoken of as very superior to any that has visited that city, and the baritone IS specially mentioned as being something marvellous BANK managers, like other people, are keen enough to adopt the expedient for obtaining business. It is not long since that an agreement was entered into as to the charge to be made upon overdrafts The Kyneton Hospital (Victoria), when making an application recently us to the rate of interest they would have to pay for an overdraft, were informed by all the banks that 8 per cent would be the rate A communication, however, was received from the Bank of Victoria that renewable promissory notes would be discounted on the following areas - Three months at the rate of 5 per cent, four months at the rate of 6 percent, six months at the rate of 7 per cent, and would renew from time to time the whole or any portion of the accommodation at the lowest ruling rates of interest. By the casting vote of the chairman it was decided that the offer of the Bank of Victoria be accepted, and a promissory-note given by the committee for the overdraft in accordance with the terms of the letter. NEWS has been received from New Zealand to the 28th ult., but it is not of much interest. It is reported at Dunedin that silver, almost a pure state, has been found at Shotover. At Wellington it is alleged that Mr. Vogel consent to accept the Premiership, and will reconstruct the Cabinet, with Mr. Whitaker, if possible, in the Legislative Council The Government have purchased the Port Chalmers and Dunedin Railway on the following terms : They acquire the £120,000 stock of the company at £6 5s per share, and take up the liability of the company's £100,000 of debentures. The total purchase-money in £175,000. The company asked £220,000. A Parliamentary survey line, from Dunedin to Mooraki, has been commenced. Brog. . don's tender for completing the central line to the Chain Hills, four and a half miles is £1699. The passengers by the Philip Laing, the first ship to the settlement, intend celebrating the twenty- fifth anniversary on the 15th proximo. At Dunedin, on the 26th of March, the Morven Hill station was offered at auction. A bid of £130,000 was made by Mr, McLean, but the property was bought in for £1,000. A man named Humphreys died at Balclutha while under the influence of chloroform administered for the purpose of an operation. Deceased was the son of the late Alderman Humphreys, of London, On March 27, at Dunedin, Drivot's wool BUIOB show a falling off of from 1d. to 2d A correspondent of the Times vouches for seeing a live man at, Warsaw discovery of a rich gold-bearing district, seventeen miles from Whangarei, is reported The Fidelia, a screw collier of lfiOO tons, left Cardiff for Dunedin last month, to trade between that port and Nowottdtlo.-The Government is forming a settlement at Waikato, and allowing the German and Danish emigrants temporary use (of the unsold and Captain Fox, of the Forfarshire, an immigrant, vessel, has been fined £12 10s.. each on four informations, at Wellington, for breach of the Passengers Act, in not giving the passengers complaining a sufficient supply of water, during the voyage. The assistant law officer stated that the Government intend to proceed in every case reported of any breach of the Act. The Bench thought that the captain was only to blame for not having put into some port for water, but I line a serious amount of blame was attached to the owners or charterers of the Forfarshire. The Government of South Australia, through Mr. Todd, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, are fitting out an expedition for the purpose of rooting iron poles along the northern portion of the overland line, The party is to consist of about SO man, who are to be placed under the charge of Mr. Richard Knuckey, whose experience and energy eminently qualify him for the position, Arrangements are being made to charter a vessel or steamer, which will call at Melbourne for the poles and other materials, which have recently arrived there from England, and the company will then be conveyed to the Roper, where operations will be commenced forthwith. In connection with the work stores for the inland telegraph stat ions will be taken by the party. It is stated that there are in the Territory 50 teams available for carting the poles. Till! South Australians have been visited with a plague of grasshoppers, and Bad accounts are received from the country districts. In the Waterloo letter of the Kapunda Herald appears the following, dated March 20. " Not a vine or fruit, tree is left with leaves ; even the young wood on the trees, especially the plum is beaten off. 'Clio she-oaks are quite bare of every particle of green, and by all appearances will die and the paddocks look as bare as a miiottditiiiiscd road. The farmers do not know what to feed their cattle on, most of them being short, of hay, having out very little, as the crop promised an abundant harvest of room. Now they would like to purchase hay to save their cattle, but none is to be had at, any price. I am afraid many a poor boat will start as soon as the cold winter rains set in Stubble burning has hardly yet commenced with LLB, as the farmers are using the land in paddocks as long as possible straw being the only thing not yet touched by locusts. Some of our farmers are calling in the straw and form- ing large st rolls, to be used in case of extremity as food for cattle. The time for grasshoppers is at an end, and they are dying by millions ; but even in death they are trying to do as much mischief as possible. When they find the hour of death approaching, they look out for show (crop places cracks in willie, ac. 3 but their favorite dying pieces appear to be walls, tanks, and waterholes. Many of my neighbors have been compelled to clean out I hear wells and tanks because the water was unfit for use, and one of horn-a trustworthy tuan informed me that he took about four bucketfuls of dead locusts out of his tank, and that they must have crawled into it by the mouth of the pump, us there is no opening in the tank large enough to allow a locuSt to full through. I had to clean my own well in consequence of the water being spoiled by the dead bodies of the locusts." THE Church Herald is enabled to state on authority that no less than forty-eight of the colonial prelates have expressed in one shape or another to the English bishops (some annually, others by private communications, their conviction that any tampering with or alteration of the Creed of St. Athanasius would be fraught with peril, and might severely strain the exist- ing good relations between the mother and daiiglitor-Ohurchoa. The Borne paper costing a High Church Society for obtaining possession of the iidrowanns of livings in important centres of life and activity has been formed, and on in licensing committee of clergy and laity appointed as its trustees. The sum of £10,000 for its purpose was, it is reported, promised at the outset as an instalment, THE Guardian publishes the following from its Paris correspondent i Sir Henry Hoare has addressed a letter to M. About, editor of the XlXme Steele, in reply to an article which appeared in that journal, professing to give an account of a conversation between Sir li. Hoare and the Comte de Paris. According to the above article, the Orleans Prince is represented as having said that if the choice of his follow citizens fell upon him he would assume heroine of power without hesitation and without ecru plot But Sir I. Hoare says that the words ' used to him by the Comte de Paris were the following :-' Recognizing the only monarchy possible in France to be a Constitutional monarchy, and that in order to give it stability it ought, OB in England, to be based on the hereditary principle, he would never put himself in opposition to the candidature of the Comte de Chambord. But if, the country having decided to reconstitute the monarchy, the Comte de Chambord refused flatly to accept of constitutional conditions, in that case the situation would be changed. I have reason to know that the above are the precise opinions which the Comte de Paris is in the habit of emitting hero to his most intimate friends and that his sincere desire is that in the event of a monarchy being re-established the Comte de Chambord HIIOUUI pass before himself. Sir H. Hoare also very truly represents the feelings of the Comte de Paris when he speaks of his appetite for a throne' being far from ravenous,' and represents him as saying that having been an exile from childhood, it was a real blessing to him to re-enter France, where he hoped to remain, and where it was happiness to him to remain.' " The case of a little girl named Ellen Andrews, whose religious training was recently the subject of proceedings in the Court of Queen's Bench, come before Vice-Chancellor Malins on February 15. The child was the daughter of a Roman Catholic father by a Protestant mother, and had been for nine years maintained and educated as a Protestant by her mother's relatives. The father's brother, a Roman Catholic, now claims the custody of the child on the strength of a document executed by Mr. An- drews two days before his death. The Vice Chancellor said he thought that to take the child away from the care of those with whom he had lived and by whom she had been educated would be harsh and unjust. He should grant an injunction to restrain the uncle from interfering with the education of the infant without leave of the Court. 