NEW ZEALAND. Auckland via Sydney. Auckland news has been received to 9th December. Prospectuses have been issued of two sugar refining compauies ; ono at Welling ton, with a capital of£120,000, andanotkerat Dunedin with a capitolof £ 100, 000. The project has been favorably regarded, but tho compe tition between the provincial towns for supremacy is likely to ruin the attempt to establish a colonial refinery. Tho Auckland cricket team aro to be en tertained at a banquet to-night, in honor of their return after beating tho cricketers throughout the colony. Tho riflo represen tatives from Melbourne share in tho ban queting honors. Native prospects aro improving. A' de putation of Kiugitcs has gone to Kinti to urge upon the Maori King to meet tho Go vernor at Ngarnaldhaia early next year. The < lood Templars are increasing rapidly, and their influence was felt in the late pro vincial elections. The nomination of immigrants for tho co lony sent homo by thu last mail amounted to 2301. H.M.S. Basilisk leaves shortly for New Guinea to continue tho surveys there, Cap tain Moresby's action at that island having been approved hy the home Government. Di nedin, 4th December. Arrived : Rcinc, French war steamer, from Sydney; Zoalandia anil Jessie Redman, from London ; Eleanor, from Newcastle; Emperor, from Mauritius. Lyttkltun, 4th December. Sailed : Jane, for Hobart Town. Wellington, 4th December. Arrived : Turnhnll, from Foo (.'how Foo. Napier, 4th December. Arrived : Hoding, from Christiana, with Danish immigrants. Under the heading " A Salmon at Last," the Jiotmrt Town Mercury statos that a fish has been caught which is really believed to be a salmon by those who aff ect an ac quaintance with the outline audgoneral appear ance of that much to he desired fish. Tho fish in question was caught in tho Rivor Derwcnt at Bridgowatcr, by a man named Connors, who Bent it down to Mr. Morton Allport. It was on view at the museum on tho 5th December, and ns tho news that a real salmon bad at last been caught soon circulated, people flocked to see it the whole day. During tho morning it was lying on. a plato, but it was found advisable to put it in spirits towards noon. Its weight is 2 lb. 14 oz., and though, as usual, there were some personB who refused to believe in its genuineness as a true salmon, and even explained their reasons for arriving at this opinion, tho weight of evidonce was largely in favor of tho belief that it was a salmon without a doubt. Even those who declare that it is a sea trout say that it is the nearest approach to a salmon they have seen caught in these waters, and that in itself is something. The fish will be sent to England. The Cerberus bad shot practice on 11th Dec. at Point Ncpean, with but moderate success ; only two shots were close to tho target. A sad accident occurred at tho close of the firing to Sub-Lieut. Wylly. He fell from .the turret on to the main deck, and was taken up insensible. The cause of the acci dent is not known. Maravilla Cocoa.— Taylor Brothers (the largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having the ex clusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invito com parison with any other Cocoa for Purity — lino Aroma — Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power— Easiness of Digestion — and especially, high delicious flavor- Oiio trial will establish it ns a favorite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and Soothing Refreshment after a late evening. N.B. Caution— "Maravilla " is a re gistered Trade Mark. Maravilla Cocoa.— Tlie Glebo says. "Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, aud supersedes every other Cocoa in tho market. Entire solubility, a dclicato nroina, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa abovo all other. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favorable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, &o.; Ac. HoMotorATHic! Cocoa.— This original preparation which has attained such a world-wide reputatiou, u manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under tlio ablest homoeopathic advice, aided by tbo skill aud experi ence of the inventors, and will bo found to combine in an eminent degree tbe purity, One aroma, and nu tritious property ot tho fresh nut. Soluble Chocolate made in one minute without boiling. The abovo articles are prepared exclusively hv Taylor Brothers', tbe largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold iu tin-lined packets only by store keepers and others all over tiie world, Fleam Mills, Brick Dane, London; Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. Tie Great Remedies for Consumption, Wastinj nnd Indigestion aro Savory and Moore's Tancreatic Emul sion and Pancreatine. Medical men who havewsdo ila special study testify that life is prolonged In a remarkable manner, apj»etite, strength, urfd weight increased, digestion greatly promoted, nourishment imparted, sod .hi general condition of tbe body im proved. Lav or.- and Moore (chemists to the Queen, U.R.H. the Prince of Wales, bin Highness the Khedive of Egypt, sc.), 143 . New jJJond-rtreet, Loudon, aud all chemists throughout tlie world. Note.— Nurao and 1 rode mark on nu:li liol tie. Pkhskrvt. the health and oomfort of your children by using Dr! Jaime's Tonic Vermifuge for the removal of Worms, the restoration ol tho appctitft, debility of the stomach and digestive organs, and in all cases where a general tonic la needed. This old-established remedy will be found safe and sure In its action, pleasant to the taste, and a moot useful auxiliary In maintaining the general health. Sold everywhere.— 1 Asv 1st ast Line — No doubt the Rcgtstror-Ccneral's statistics relating to mortality amongst infants, wou.'d . aliow a very inarkod improvement If Mrs. Johnson's American Siothlr.g Syrup were used universally. It Is perfectly free from any narcotic, and Is used exter nally only. None genuine without tho name of "Bar clay and Sons, FarriEgdon-etrcet," is on the stamp. Bold by ail chsttlrte. Agoate, Be yen, 1 oog and Bee , Melbourne, _ 