OUR PARIS LETTER. The Comte do Oliambord doos not come liome to men's business uud bosoms, aud he is daily being dragged down deeper into the slough of intrigues. His prospects continue to be more and more problematical, and he; may deem, himslf fortunate, if, after the coining pitched battle between his partisans and France, he can retire to Frohsdorf, ex claiming, like Francis I. at Pavia, "I have lost all but my honor." Even his opponents expected ho would romniu to the last a Knight without roproacli by boldly confirm ing Ms programmes ; on the contrary, ho allows his friends to assert ho will abandon liis principles, and at tlio same time that he will not. Such is paltering in the double sense mere springes to catch wood-cocks. This time the country will not be dnpod. It will have no other flag but tho tricolor, no other constitution but -one minutely and solemnly drawn up, signed -but not sworn to. Political oaths count for nothing in France. Whatever love existed for Princes audPeers in this country up to 1848 has all but died out now. The idea of it has become exploded, so that when Henri V. is described by his admirers as the " Providential fireman, des tined to extinguish the flames of anarchy," the people go into fits of laughter, as there are no flames to be quenched, and none to be kindled, save in the event of the Monarchy being imposed by a Parliamentary coup d' etat. Aftor a bitter experience of various patterns of Monarchical Govenments, tho French are convinced that " providence has not sent a few men into the world, ready booted and spurred to ride, and millions ready saddled and bridled to be ridden." The desire of tbe country is to manage its own affairs itself, aud would prefer to-morrow Radicalism, with a Republic open to all, than to fall into a Monarchy closod by Right Divine. Tho coignes of vantage seom then to be in favor of the Republic, as sketched by Thiers, and apiproved by the coolest heads aud most conservative interests, as the only harbour of refugo against future revolutions. The advent of Henri V. is possible, like everything else in this country, but there is no difference of opinion that in the course of a very short time lie would havo to fly. Having no roots, his retjime must wither away. An Assembly that is not in harmony with the country ; that is seriously, at a solemn crisis lilco the pro- sent, incomplete by thirteen seats, can vote Henri V. to the throne by a narrow and party majority, but so doing will deepen the hatred against the elected, and will not create what is everywhere absent — loyalty. There is no reason to apprehend a revolu tion at present. The pleasure can wait. Be sides, Maomahon, wliilo promising to rosign the role of politician, will remain a soldier, ready to suppress disordor, no matter by what party provoked, even wero tho transgressors of the law his own friends, the Legitimists, whose battle ground could not extend beyond tho Vendean provinces in any ease. It will be a crowning morcy, whon tho country can enter into possession of itself, onjoy a Go vernment .that shall have a national, not a party programme; that will live, and lot live ; practice political toleration, that eighth cardinal virtue, and finish with martial laws, and irritating officials. | Up to the present, the Bazaine trial has established what tlio prisonor could not do, and tho withdrawal of one count in the indict ment, isalioavy blow for the wliolo prosecution. ; It is the prevailing opinion still, that Bnzaine 1 was not worse than tho others, and that it is tho disorganization of the army of . the Rlii$e that is on its trials Each Genoral counted on the intolligonco of his confrere and was too respectful to superior authority to take _ the initiative in anything. Each one declined tho responsibility of ordering, and would take nothing on thomsolvos. ' Tho oiviliau wit nesses appourod to comprehend bettor than the professionals what was necossary to h'6 dono, and displayed most solieitudo about tho exocutiou of what was uocessary. Tlio euomy, also, was woll aware of the confusion reigning in tho French cam)), of tlio absence of all dofinito views of ovorytliing boing loft to hazard, of tho frivolity and egotism that existed. It is lamontablo to tliiulc, according to authorized opinions, that uo progress has been made in redressing these evils. The evidence of M. Schneider, ex-Prosideut of the Corps Legislatif is considered important for the prisoner; ho assorted Bazaine did not from tho beginning regard the war as hope ful, and that duty, not ambition, impelled him to accept a chief command where defeat was more certain than victory. The super stitious recall, that Noy, like Bazaine, had for counsel a father and sou. Howovor, so far no evidence has boon adduced to justify the exocutiou of Bazaine, and opinion is not sorry that the finding of tho verdict rests with the court — us it cauuot form one. The total cost of the trial is estimated at one million of francs. The prosont Govornmeut is so terribly in earnest iu tlio establishment of " moral order," that tho agreeable excitement of the momont is diminished, owing to the depres sion of caricatures and epigrams. It will allow " nothing disrespectful of Queen Elizabeth." Joke and abuse Thiers and his followers, one may, but rofleot on tlie Count do Ohambord, aud the sack and coxd await thosinuer. Hlustratod pocket handkercMofs of " Men of the Time " ore ranked as an evil worse than the cholera or Imperialism. Against silver medals struok to honor the Count do Chambord, there aro opposed chocolate tabUttes with the image of Thiers, squibs and crackers aro no longer made up in fly-leaflets with a biography of Gumbetta, and it is said republican periodicals aro man ufactured into pasteboard, to sorre as covers for legitimate volumes. The printing trade never was more flourishing; ovory citizen seems to bo occupied publishing pam phlets on the situation, and dedicating thoin- toliimsolf; the mattor is not difficult, as an agency has been started to draft prospectuses for companies, puffs for tradesmen, aud pam- plilots for politicians. Lord Palmerstou re marked, had Franco not a revolution every twenty years sho would bo the richest nation in Europe.. Had he lived to wituosa the five milliards ho would havo seen how littlo a terri ble invasion affects hor, even now tho capital eats, drinks, and makes merry as usual. Tho Thoatres are more than crowded, aud more are boing built. Many persons conclude ono franc expouded on newspapers would yiold more amusement tliau six for a fauteuil of a theatre. You might count on tho fingers of ono hand tho journals that havo remained consistent in tho ponding conflict. Some, led away by specious programmes, aro roturning to thoir first lovo, " When change itself can give no more, 'tis easy to be true." Finding 110 other moans for . provoking a breach of the peace, threo old bftcliolors havo clubbod together 1500fs. to purchase an objet d' art for tho actross, prououueed to he tho most beautiful iu Paris. Tho Princess Metter- uich, in tho halcyon days of tho second Em pire, proposed tho " Club of Ugly Lndies," submitted herself as tho Prosidont of it, as she claimed to be " tho best dressed monkey in Europe." She only rocoived five udherenta excepting ono, all possessed marked defects, so tho club was constituted and dissolved on its first mooting, the proceedings only lasting while the Princess Bmolcod a cigarett. The "Ugly Club" at London bad Wilkes for President, who boasted he could win the first beauty in England' in the twinkling of an eye. Mirabenu was elected an honorary momhor of that club, and its manager had a- noso like an elephant's trunk, and was in dicted by a butcher's boy for upsetting, by that unruly momber, a basket of meat into tho gutter which he carried on his head. Francis I. had the longest nose of Ms time, longer by two inches than any man's.; Honri IY. swore by it, juBt as modorns do " by tho loot oi jrnaraon. were piaxn iuuiob m make up their minds like philosophers that they were so, and sot themselves to study the means to please, thoy could out out all the beau ties, the latter would only have for consola tion that good looks wero all the victors lacked. Uiacun son gout en ce bas monde. (To be Continued.) Reported Boiler Bursting. — A report was ourrentin town yesterday, that the boiler of the Hibernian Company's machine at Cowarral had burst, and seriously injured the engine driver. Being naturally anxious to ascertain the oorrect state of matters, wo waitod upon Mr. York tho presont manager and learned from him that it was next to an impossibility that such an aooideut could havo occurred at tho Companys Works, as he was present at tlio late washing up on Wednesday . evening, and snw the wliolo of the fires raked out from the furnaces, Further inquiry lod to thcimpressiou that tho sad affair might have taken plaeeat Capt. Ohalmer's maolilno at Now Zealand Gully. In connection with this maohino it was reported that a lato arrival named Brockott had met with sevoro injuries, and thathi® wife had left town on foot for tho Gully. "We aro in. formed by Mr. Carroll that ho loft tho maohino lato ou Wednesday evening, and that it was working only upon day shifts, and iu all probability steam would not have been got up until yeatorday. What could have given rise to such a cruel aud ap parently heartless report, those most interested iu both machines soom at u Iosb to know. Embezzlement. — Thomas Robinson, arrestod on warrant, appeared boforo Mr. F. N. Boddek, oliarged on tlie information of Mr. A. Q. Heuriques, witli ombozzhng tho sum of £4 10s., tho property of his cmployor. Sergeant Owons deposed to nrresting prisoner at linlf-past two o'clock o u Wodnesduy after noon in tho Market Hotel, East- street. Ho replied, " I suppose I must go with you," and accompanied witness to the Lock-up. Witness was not then pre pared to proceed with thoca80,tuidpraycdforaremand of 8 days for tlio production of evidence. The remand was granted. Mr. Milford, who appeared for prisonor, applied for bail. The Benoli granted tho application, and prisoner obtained hail, himself in £80, and two sureties £40 eaoh. Cholera.— Some fow months hack onr English advices informed us tluit oholora was ragiug on tlio Continent, and that several oasos had been reported in London. Wo now learn that the bases imported into Liverpool from Havre had ended in a spread of tho disease, and since the departure of tho Danish immigrants no fresh cases had made thoir oppearanco- In tho northern parts of Europo, the diseaso had de clined, but evory precautions were being taken by the health officers at tho different ports. 