ON THE TAXATION OF AGRI CULTURAL LAND. 'When calling the attention of our readers to the extraordinary proposition of the junior member for BarogBa (Mr Lake), to tax the farmers' lands by way of reimburs ing the revenue for any outlay in intro ducing immigrants we pointed out the in justice of such an exparte sample of class . farmer, like the English ruralist, with his Irish harvesters, only requires extra help during the hay and corn harvest, and that the general community have the benefit of the harvesters' labor during the rest of the year, as is the case with our sheep shearers. Yet for emigrants, and |abor-7- ? which are as great a benefit to the rest of the community as to the farmers— -Mr Lake would tax only the farmers 1 The mining companies of the colony are benefited off the gear round by fbe ship loads of miners heretoforeifflported at the cost of the colony, but no one ha* yet said, upon MrLakVs principle, * Tax the mines !' 'We will, however, suppose that the farmers of the colony could employ their harvest hands all the year ; an absurd sup position ia a climate where there is no draining to accomplish, no thrashing, to carry on, no hedging and ditching, no turnip husbandry, and no manuring during weeks of frost, &c.; Supposing the case, however, of employment through the year for our farmer immigrants ;— what about the other immigrants,— as carpen ters, masons, smiths, &c;? for no ship brings out only farmhands, and what also about the female immigrants? Will Mr Lake not tax somebody else besides the farmer on account of the cooks and kitchen maidB, lady's maids, and maids of all work? Questions which at once show how nn statesmanlike and unjust his proposed taxation of the agricultural lands of the colony would be. We will now, however, according to promise, look a little into the history and character of the English Land Tax, and we think it not improbable that the reader will incline with us to the belief that the taxation of land must be in its nature partial and imperfect, and tending to oppression. We learn from the Saxon Chronicle that the invasion of tie Danes upon the terri tories of the Anglo Saxons was checked by fines and ransoms rather thau by force if arms, till Alfred vanquished and sub jugated the invaders. The two to three millions of people engaged almost exclusively upon the land that then constituted the population of England, had nothing in that uncommercial ige but land susceptible of taxation, and in a.b. 991 a tax was laid upon, the land in Drder to raise the amount required for the Danish tribute or Dane-gelt at the rate of a shilling upon every hide of land (200 acres), or about a pound of our present money. Urgent circumstances after wards raised it to seven shillings, sub sequently it fell to four shillings and so continued till the Daue-gelt was abolished about 70 years after the Norman con quest. Such a source of revenue was, however, too captivating to be totally re linquished by spendthrift monarch* and ministers, and it was accordingly subse quently renewed, but only granted by Parliament from year to year till the closing year of the last century, when the great William Pitt induced the Parlia ment to make the Land Tax permanent the real object being to allow the tax to be bought up or redeemed, and the pay ment being made by a transfer, to Govern ment of its amount in the funds, the purchaser receiving an annual payment of 10 per cent, more than the tax. The movement, however, was not so successful as its originator intended. This tax, unlike the Dane-gelt, which was upon the acreage, was an ad valorem impost or assessment, its amount being four shillings in the pound on the annual value, the valuation remaining precisely the same as it was regulated by the Act of 1C92 (William HI.) The consequence was that the Select Committee of the House: of Commons on Agricultural Distress in 1836, found that owing to the increased productiveness of some lands, its unequal bearing was most absurd, for that it amounted to 2s Id in the pound in Bedfordshire, Is Id in the pound in Surrey, 3|-d in the pound in Durham, and Scotland's land tax being regulated at the Union in Queen Anne's time by the droll rule that when England paid a million a year land tax Scotland was to pay twenty thousand pounds, or one fiftieth ; the consequence waa,that in 1836 Scotland's taxation was 2^d in the pound, at which we can imagine how the Lothian advanced farmers must have rejoiced to gether with those of Durham and Lanca shire. This brings us to the point, that to ap proach equity in this species of taxation there must be incessant valuations, in which case, cultivators would be taxed according to their scientific and practical farming skill, their enterprise, and their capital ; and just in proportion as His capital and ingenuity enabled him through mechanical aids to dispense with manual labor and emigrants, so much the more, on the ad valorem principle would the spirited farmer have to pay tor emigration ! Probably Mr Lake does not want that exactly. Well, let us put to ihe test what he does want, upon bis Anglo Saxon plan of twopence an acre tax. In this colony, Where farming, generally speaking, is carried on without the process of manuring, it is advisable to let the lands of a farm have intervals of rest in erder to recruit themselves. Besides, as the ex perienced London says— 'No reasons, however ingenious, for the omission of this practice, can bring conviction to the mind of a farmer, who, in spite of all his exertions, finds at the end of six or eight years, that his land is sour, full of weeds, and comparatively unproductive.' Now, besides fallow land, intentionally so circumstanced, there will alway* be a considerable quantity of land belonging to our farming community, from, various cause* uncaKMtaseoi unencrosaflortMoer-i vise uanrodiictne. 0oe» Mr Laki^pnh] tp-i*x'the farmer* &£. eaelkjbai*, twih-W rent, or interest of &fe; pnrcnase money f If the lumen? crop be a failure through '. red-rust, takeal), or any other fatality, j would he then tax the land? ' ' - \ Taxation Bay the best writers on polita- \ cal economy should be upon, the result* fit J the successful employment of capital and ? industry. But when the farmer has only r half a crop, or a crop that only meets h^ ? working the land, his sowing and reaping and interelt of capital: then, the tax upon that land must come out of his capital, .as must the tax upon all fallow and unem ployed land. Some taxeB are voluntary, as where an individual chooses to tax himself through the luxury of tobacco, or imported wines, spirits, &c.; Others are compulsory, like Mr Lake's, which, if not paid out of the profits of the land, must be paid out I of capital, or out of an income from some I other source. ** In principle there iB no objection to voluntary taxes, they do not interfere with industry or production, but are paid out of the incomes of the contri butors, and paid willingly, and for the most part without undue 'pressure upon their means.' ;Mr Lake's proposed tax, we have] already seen, is under, the most prosperous 1 circumstances of the farmer a tax levied upon his produce, which the consumer does not pay, as the value of his produce is not regulated by its prime cost, bnt by the world's market price, as is the case with wool, copper, &c.; ' All taxes' says Bicardo, ' must be regarded as injurious to the community ;' but of all taxes those that affect a raw material, as wheat, are the most objectionable. In conclusion, a tax on land, is of all taxation, the least refined, if not the most barbarous, and that which Eastern despots have usually had 'recourss to, and it is therefore the least creditable to the statesmanship of a modern senator. Taxa tion of land, carried to an extreme, tends actually to throw the land out of cultiva tion, as was the case in Spain in the early part of the present century. ;: Such taxation acts injudiciously in.way?; unseen by eb allow legislators. For instance, suppose a farmer of a thousand acres, a fifth of which is fallow or unpro ductive* to pay the proposed Lake land tax upon his holding, he would not only have to hand over to Government the money value of a load of wheat, but he would also he out of pocket the rent, the seed, the labor on ihe land that grew it, and also the cartage to a market. So much for taxing land ! and for what ? For the benefit of thousands who have no land to tax. Mr Lake would in feet tax our 8,000 farmers for the advantage of 35,000 people engaged in other pursuits. In fine, a tiller of tbe soil is the last individual ofiibe community whom a con siderate legislator would select for special taxation, in addition to bis indirect con tribution to the revenue. The merchant can regulate his imports and his dealings as. he wishes j the draper can cultivate thu necessaries and luxuries of dress exactly as his judgment and taste, his experience, and his patrons enable him ; and the grocer in like manner, times his transac tions with studied nicety to the require ments of the circle which he has to supply; but the hardy tiller of the soil spends his life in toiling against the influence of the elements and all the caprices of soil and climate ; bis days are those of doubt, uncertainty, and to a great extent of anxious apprehension. He rises up early, and late takes rest, and eats the bread of carefulness, rot knowing what to morrow's sun may produce or destroy. The simoom's parching blast may crush the cherished hope of an entire season. The caterpillar and the eankerworm may prove as destructive of the husbandman's prosperity as the hurricane and the hail storm j and the brilliant sunshine of spring that gladdens tho citizen's family with promise of a holiday or a picnic among the perfumed blossoms of a wattle grove, may serve bat to invigorate the noxious weeds that harrass the farmer ?Minn afi-am uoaiin a.«J **.»..4.j._J- ?»!*?!. l*?m kwuuuu auiu sonouil) OUU VVUWBII VTXbU. U1U1 through life his occupancy of the soil on which his all depends. No! No! Mr Lake. Tax whom you will, or what you will, bat don't dream of taxing the farmers' land and the labor he bestows upon it. 