MRr.ROITRN'K. December 4. I The Government have resolved to refer the disputed boundary question with South Aus tralia to the Privy Council. A supplement is issued with this day's Chronicle. | Mr. Dan Brtggs is organising a Varieties Troupe, and will open in Maryborough about a week before Christmas. By way of another warning to bathers, a shark, measuring four fept six inches, was caught the other day off Graham's Commercial Wharf. POLICE Court. — On Thursday, before the Water Police Magistrate. William R^biusw, a seaman, was sentenced to twentv-four hours imprisonment for desertion from the schooner Jason. Hospital.— The returns for the we°k end ing yesterday were : — Admitted, five men and one woman ; discharged, five meu and one woman : remaining in institution, 23 men and four women. Thr tender of Messrs. Nielson and Yepper. for the erection of a school and teacher's house at Tinana, on the Gympie Road, has been accepted by the Board of Education. The work will be commenced in a few days. A MAN named C. E. Downing had both bones of each leg broken yesterday just above the ankles. He was engaged stacking timber at the Mary Biver Paw Mills when a stack of inch boards, packed for drying, about six foot high fell upon him. He was thrown across a smaller stack, and the weight of the timber fell across his legs. He was conveyed to the hospital anil placed under the care of Dr. Little, who gives every hope that the limbs will be saved. The tempestuous state of the weather last 1 night prevented the band playing in the reserve. The band will, however, go through their varied and entertaining programme next Tuesday evening. Dame Luna will hardly be up in time to enjoy the scene, but doubtless there are mauy who will prefer her absence, considering that the ' Marker the night the better tyde for love.' ON and after the iBt January, 1875, the mails for Elliott^ Gayndab, Mount Perry, and Gladstone (overland), will close at 8 p.m. every Sunday and Wednesday, instead of Mon day and Thursday mornings, as at present ; for Kilkivan, every Wednesday and Thursday, at 8 p.m. ; and for Bundaberg, every Monday and Thursday, at 8.30 a.m. Mr. Henry Smith has left at our office, for inspection, a small sheaf of wheat grown ou his farm at the Burrum. It was planted iu the early part of July, and the seed was not steeped. It is known as the '* Golden Dr^p*' variety, and proves beyond a doubt that wheat can be grown with great advantage on the Burrum. Mr. Smith allows us to state that that he will be happy to supply seed gratui tously to anyone who may take an interest in growing wheat. It Avw seem extraordinary that in a large and populous town and district like this, the hospital authorities should find it necessary to tear up the house linen in order to supply bandages for the patients. Yet such, we are i informed, is the case. 'Surely the ladies have ! no idea of this state of affair?. The Rev. Mr. Copas will make a door to door collection to-day on behalf of Mrs. Ka'sultke, whose husband was so suddenly snatched away through a snake bite. We have I made strict enquiries, and find that the poor widow and children are in the most abject poverty. It is indeed *? the cry of the help less and needy in their distress.' A subscrip tion list is open at our office. Mr. Ewart, the District Inspector of Schools, visited and inspected, during this week, the Maryborough schools and those established at the 3£ary River Saw Mills, Yengarie, the Maryborough Sugar Company's . estate, Pioneer's Rest, and Tiaro. The school house at Isabella Reserve is not yet com menced, no tenders having been received.. The specifications are said to be too strict ; Mr. Ewart has promised to report on the matter. He yesterday held an examination of teachers at the Primary School here, in consequence of which the children had a holi day. A Sweet Thing. — A street in Maryborough was literally flowing with honey yesterday, A man had collected four' hundredweight, and placed it in a quarter caBk, intending, we believe, to ship it to England. Man only pro poses, however. The honey fermented, and on his rolling the cask to the store door, intend ing to tighten the hoops, the head of the cask was blown off, and the contents meandered slowly down the hill by Messrs. Graham and Co.'s stores. It is a question whether the blacks or the bees discovered the luscious stream first. To both it proved ' a poten tiality of wealth transcending their dreams of avaricp.' The most important event of 1874 — next of course to the commencement of the Mary River Bridge — will occur on Wednesday next (9th December). On that date Venus is an nounced to pass across the sun's disc. She will commence her perilous journey about 11*45 a.m., starting from the N.E. edge and making her egress at tbe N.W. 6ide. To observe the performance accurately, a good telescope, well mounted and supplied with a sunshade, is necessary. Failing a telescope, or even binocular, opera, or field glasses, we mast fall back upon the old-fashioned piece of smoked glass. Veiy great care must be exercised not to look at the transit with the ' naked ' eye. For Venus is very modest, and Old Sol has before now struck people blind for attempting to emulate the eagle and look at him with un - veiled eyes. An ordinary piece of window glass, held over the flame of a candle or small kerosene lamp until blackened to proper den sity, will do very well, or better still, a piece of deeply colored glass, especially a piece of deep red, and a piece of deep Tjlue together, wonld be found very safe and pleasant. The ob servations of the savans will be principally con fined to the determination of the exact time at which the planet's disc enters upon and leaves that of the sun. Should any spots be on the sun on IWednesday they may be at once recognised by their (comparatively) stationary character, while Venus will appear to move. Should any of our readers have sufficient interest in this extraordinary phenomenon to impel them to 'read up' on the subject, they are referred to an exhaustive paper by Henry O'Reilly, Esq., F.R.A.S., specially written for and published in the ' Maryborough Book Almanac' for 1874, The Good Templars, Rechabites, and Tee totallers of Maryborough generally are, in our humble opinion, indebted to Mr. Kennelly, of the Post Office Hotel, for greatly assisting the cause they are endeavoring to promote. That gentleman has imported from South Aus'ralia a. large quantity of very fair Colonial wine, and is enabled to retail it at the small charge of sixpence per tnmbler — the same price as draught ale. Were the ad vocites of teetotal. ;st» to direct their efforts towards removing the duty on Colonial wine, so that it might be retailed at. a moderate liriee. tbev would in troduce a formidable onponent to the Fiend Alcohol, and thus reduce the amount of crime and misery causerl by drunkenness. The crowded stale of Mr. Kennelly's bar is a proof of the' popularity of the wine in question. — [Advt.] Breach op Brands Act. — Yesterday, before the Police Magis rate. Matthew Hogau charged Henry Bull with illegally branding a Iiorse. the property of comolainant. De fendant pleaded guilty, and plaintiff's attorney. Mr. Macnish, pleaded for a mittigated fine, as this was the first case of the kind thai had come before the Court. The Bench inflicted a fine of £10, costs of Court 9s 6d, and profes sional cos's £2 2s., remarking that the next case of the kind that was brought under their notice would be much more severely dealt with. Mr Roebuck, tlie Inspector of Brands, watched the case on behalf of the Crown, and stated that he should have felt it his duty to prosecute had the complainant not done so. The fact that ' Napoleon crossed the Alps in an open boat ' is disputed by many his torians. Yet the feat is not impossible, nor yet comparatively difficult, for Mr. George Ross may have been seen scudding through the streets of Maryborough any time during the last three days in a cedar dingy — 8 foot 6 inches overall — running on wheels. The boat is a model buiit by Mr. H. Anderson. It is fastened to the springs and wheels by four bolts. When it is desired to use the boat buggy on the water, the bolts are removed and the holes in the boat made for their reception stopped with corks. When on wheels it forms a light, comfortable, and certainly an ' un common style ' of vehicle, and by keeping to windward of the Immigration Depot, ' Captain ' Ross can at all times ensure a fair wind. Another instance of a 'narrow escape'* from a big fire occurred on Thursday. A youth, employed in one ot the offices above Messrs. Bogild and Bryant's establishment, was given a basket of waste paper, and instructed to burn the contents, lie lit his fire in the small yard between the bnildings of Messrs. Bogild, Bryant, and Oo. and Mr. W. Yonng. The wind scattered the fire, and ignited some straw, that was kept with some casks and cases, ready for packing purposes, slacked in a corner of the yard. The boy had sufficient sense to cry for assistance before Ihe confla gration got much headway, and a large tank of : water being bandy, little harm was done ! Fifty cases of kerosene was stowed in a shed close by. We have had several ' narrow escapes' and warnings lately, and still are only ' talking ' about a fire brigade. We enjoyed, on Thursday, the unspeakable gratification of seeing the first stake for the Mary lliver bridge driven. We were so over joyed at finding that the incessant agitation of at least ten years, is at last crowned with suc cess that, in a delirium of joy, we rushed to Weinheimer's, borrowed a trombone of Von Lilj a, and relieved our feeling? by blowing a blast of exultation and victory. From Mr. F. Byerley, the Chief Engineer for Roads and Bridges, we learn that the bridge will be about on a level with the Aria'lne and Erin-go-Bragh hotels. The construction of the approaches will be commenced at once. They will not be in a line with tbe present road, but will oc cupy a site between it and the creek, so that the traffic will at no time be stopped. Until the river has been surveyed, it cannot be decided of what material the bridge wi'l be composed. One thing, however, is settled. There will be a drawbridge in the centre to prevent obstruction to the river navigation. — Tenders are invited in another column for wood and iron, and the works will be carried out by the Works Department without the instru mentality of a contractor. The water carriers refuse to fill tlieir casks at the pump lately erected at the Ululali Re serve, preferring the old system of backiug to the edge of the lagoon and usiug a bucket and rope. The latter process is certainly the more laborious, and the mixture obtained hardly drinkable, but then the approaches to the Government, pump have not beeu made. The frames of horses that are mostly employed in the wood and water trade are not capable of dragging a loaded dray up the bank as it now exists- When the Government started the work it was understood that on the completion of the stage and crection of the pump the Corporation would make the approaches. The Government have performed their portion of the work and expended the money granted for the purpose, but the Corporation is defunct. It is intended to carry the delivery pipe from the pump, on a staging, to the shore end of the wharf, so that drays need not venture on the planking. At tbe same time a fence will be put up on cither side. The whole work reflects great credit on the department. The pump — an ordinary Aldgate one — is capable of throwiug fifty gallons a minute. Among the contributions which flow with such indiscriminate profusion into our editorial larder, is a highly scented delicacy alleged to be ' Danish Cheese.' We are not aware whether the manufacture of this substance is very actively followed in the ' State of Den mark,' but if so, we can quite understand the propriety of Hamlet's assertion that ' there's something rotten ' — and also the secret which enables a small naval power to hold undis puted possession of the gates of the Baltic. An atmosphere of *' Danish cheese ' would be a weapon of more tlian defencc to a small force guarding a narrow pass ; 'twould 'Smell towards Heaven,' and carry dismay and deith into the ranks of the invader. The por tioli allotted to us is said not to be fully ripe asfc'et, a statement which, after critical exami. nation thereof with a respirator and telescope, we believe to be correct. Whether, when its latent virtues are fully developed, it will abide the crucial test of driving a terrier out of a tan yard, it is impossible to say; bat tbe paint is even now peeling off our verandah posts, and the neighbors for several doors on either side are moving out. Pending the full maturity, we have improvised a cupboard out of 1 one of Mr. Ransley's patent lead-lined coffins, with a stench trap by way of padlock. Meanwhile, although our eyesight is seriously impaired through having to use a Davy lamp to write by, and ourselves feel as though we weie — in the language of the accident re porters — 'in a state of advanced decompo sition,' we hope to retain sufficient vitality to report progress from time to time during the next few years. Mr. Faiecloth, the Police Magistrate, has arranged to hold a magisterial enquiry at Tiaro, on Wednesday next, to ascertain tbe cause of death of the late Mrs. Truman. The particulars;' as we have heard them, ar-i briefly these. The deceased lady was near her con. fineipent, and a gentleman, the son of a medi cal man, and who had some experience in medicine, although not 'duly qualified,' was called in to attend her. After some days' illness the patient became worse, and, at the la«t moment, a Qualified oracti'ioner was pro cured. He arrived too late, however, to be of any service, for the patient died shortly after h's arrivn'. There being no medical certificate, the death cannot 6e registered unlil an en quiry is held. It needs no horoscope to en^b'e us to pre dict fliat the pic uic on Thursdav next will be a success. The fact that the arrangements are to l-c carried out. by the Ciledoni.m Society, is of Itself a sufficient guarantee, even without the knowledge (liat, the g-iod sliin Lady Bowen will l-c commanded by Commodore Cottier. — The lads and lasses from the land of kilts and porridge, will come troop:ng together for the occasion; and the pipers will convince the vile Sasscua lis that the mwsic tlicy discourse is — ' Like the whistling of birds, lik^ the humming of bees, T,ike the sonsh of the south wind in the trees : Like the sinirin? of anirols, the playing of shawms, Like ocean itself with its rtirms and calms.' Then, at intervals, Her Von Lilja's brass band will play, and there will be .dancing ; and : th^se who like can be landed at the quarantine station, and aft^r a long day's onf.ing, be picked up by the steamer as she returns home. But why continue ? All the information i contained in our business columns, and the recollection of the good time we had last ^ eparati o n - d ay will be sufficient to induce a very jolly party to join the excursion. Those who want ' word? of wisdom ' hid better skip this paragraph. Nevertheless, it may supply a text for some future Darwin or Tyuda1! to preach from when such exalted themes as the vaca'ist-rian policy, or the Darling Downs dummiers, are forgotten. — Iu a remote part of this town lives a cat, who a short lime ago became the subject of one of those momentous events which, in a higher order of mammalia, are usually announced immediately over the ' leading article ' in a stereotyped sentence, commencing ' at her residence,' aud (sometime;) euding, ' both doing well.' It is needless to say that, to render such an announcement applicable to the case under consideration, some word indicating plurality would have had to be substituted tor the dual ' both.' Well, the cat and her kit tens 'did well,' and not only that, but bet'er. For a disconsolate hen, who had addled or lost her brood, and whose yearning sympathies found no obstacle in the minutiai of compara tive anatomy, conceived the idiotic idea- that the kittens were the fruit of her own unre warded patience and had a legal claim on the motherly care frhe insists ou bsstowing on them. The infant felines thus 'enjoy the ad vantage of a double guardianship. If they feel chilly, or ' fractious' — as babies will — they seek refuge and warmth under the out spread wings of their feathered dry- nurse, returning thence at intervals to draw at the genuine maternal fount that sustenance which ; she. poor thing, with all the will in the world, cannot supply. The best of the j'ke is, thaj the cat m tkes not the least objection to the : incongruous partnership, but evinces her ap- j preciation of the day-nursery with which the j gods have provided her, by purriog contentedly as she sits by. The bushranger who stuck up and robbed Mr. Campbell, the School Inspector, some time back, at Perrott's Gap, has been arrested, and is now in the custody of the Ipswich Police. We understand there is no doubt as to his identity. 