A CRUISE IN THE POLAR SEA. BY JAMES GRASSIE. Chapter 16. [It will be remembered that the preceding chapters of the "Cruise" appeared in the "Border Watch" during 1873. Mr. Grassie now informs us that he will finish his narrative in two more chapters, and that it. will shortly be published in Melbourne In book form.] The surface of the earth manifests the fact that it has been greatly disturbed by Plutonic agencies in the early geologic ages, and although these disturbances have in a great measure subsided, volcanic activity in the present day shows that they have not ceased ; and ? the conclusion drawn from these facts is that the earth is even now in a process of cooling down only, and that ultimately-and at no very distant period-it may become a cold and uninhabitable body" like the moon; and that hypothesis is strengthened by more modern and far more authentic, proofs. Only 900 years ago, Eric, an Icelander, founded a state in that district of Green land where Julianashab-a modern Danish town-is now the capital, and thither crowded imigrants from Norway, Den mark, Iceland, the Western Isles of Scot land, and even from Ireland, and Bafn, one of their chroniclers, informs us that their settlements extended to 75 ° north latitude-a point considerably further than Jan Moyen, which is now, except in singularly genial seasons unapproachable from intense cold-where the temperature now often sinks to 34 ° below zero, and mercury, the most volatile of all sub stances, becomes as malleable as lead. He gives also the startling intelligence that these immigrants proceeded thither chiefly in open boats-a feat which now none but madmen would undertake to attempt, and that the soil produced cereals, and vegetables. Other chroni clers confirm Rafn's statement, and also inform us that in summer the,children of Uppernavik gathered large quantities of whortleberries, and that the country was well timbered, a fact proved by - the in scription on a stone whioh Captain Parry discovered there in 1824. The stone in question was in excellent preservation, well cut; and bore the following in scription carved in well defined Runic characters " Erling Livaghstone, and Biorn Thordasson, and Endrid Oddson on the Saturday before Ascension week, raised this mark and finished clearing this ground of timber, 1135." None of these chroniclers make any, not the least, mention of ice, cold, or snow interfering with or inteiupting their operations, and the probability is that the district of Uppernavik then possessed a more genial climate than Orkney or Caithness does now; and to. crown all these proofs, the ruins of the townships occupied by these early, adventurers have been discovered since Captain Perry's time. Like the pioneers of Australia these adventurers had to contend with hordes of fierce and untractable savages called , the " Skraelings" who ultimately dro^e them out of Greenland. These aborigines, then so numerous and; strong, now so few and weak, are represented by the Esquimaux, themselves a proof of the rapidly^ increasing rigour of the climate in which- they now struggle for a very feeble existence^ and you might as well plant a tree or vegetable, or sow cereals or whortleberries, in the mouth of a burning _ blast furnace as in any part of the district where Parry' foutid the Runic stone. The temperature there descends to 38 ° below: the freezing point, and cold performs the effect of fire, the snow falls as dry as flour on the mountain tops and a fresh layer is laid on them every year, mercury becomes -as malleable, as lead and one blast of the froze wind deprives the spirit of wine of all its strength. Greenland contains seven hundred and twenty thousand square miles, being twelve hundred mileslong by .six hundred broad, and the matrix of the cold-the snowy mountain tops-are: about five thousand feet high where the snow and ice finding an outlet .by glaciers over whelm valleys, fill up glens and push their destroying influence in a south easterly direction, travelling at the rate of seven inches, daily, or thereby, and wherever the icy king. puts his cold hand is henceforth and; for ever uninhabitable. Thus only two hundred/ and fifty years ago Sermitlialik was a fertile and lovely valley where the whortleberry grew and ripened in the long summer sun, the* sparrows chirruped) the reindeer browsed in shelter ofthifc. wide-spreading branches1 of the natural fir-tree, the willow ptarmigan and harp were brown as the grouse of Scotland,, and the salmon disported in its stream^; ; but.the glacier, advancing slowly, spread ;destruction over the whole: yalley, which is now a region of everlasting ice-and onward still it moves, determined appar ently to overcome the influence of the Gulf Stream and embrace the continent of America in its cold and cruel grasp, and then freeze up the world. Theologians have predicted that'the earth would be destroyed by heat, but it appears far more probable that its winding sheet "Will be a shroud of snow; and if even a portion of the Gulf stream is frozen up Europe would soon be what the mer.de glace: is now. From the glacier comes the icebergs, and a fiord, glen, or plain, which receives a glacier, becomes un inhabitable afid for ever lost to the world : and nevertheless during the last two hundred years, one glacier emerging from the mer de glace has filled up the great Valley of Sermitlialik, and for ever destroyed all life and vegetation there. All was now bustle on board the Torch preparing for the approaching season. The standing rigging was all rattled down; and the running^ rigging and canvas taken up and dried; and while these operations were proceeding, myself and a selected hunting party determined to try in earnest for a supply of fresli meat. Our tents . or marquees were carefully selected, and a goodly supply of bedding, ammunition, and edibles' packed- ® on a sledge, when a small party of Esquimaux were seen approaching theship. They had travelled from the Cockburn side of Bellot's Straits,? and - informed us more by signs and gesticulations than by speech that they had passed herds of reindeer and large coveys of willow ptarmigan by the way, arid finally two of them agreed to accompany us and build our snow huts. It is amazing what an1 acquisition a native or aborigine is to a travelling party in any part of the world, and in the polar regions in overland travelling I believe an Esquimaux is indispensible. In the present day, when whaling ships are all or nearly all steamers of the first class, and penetrate in pursuit of oil further north than the Esquimaux in habit,' the seamen, having little or no intercourse with the shore, despise the assistance of its wretched natives ; but if they knew the comfort of a snow hut which two of them will in an hour build for a needle, or the unerring rectitude with which they will traverse the snowy and sunless wastes, predict storms and track the reindeer and the fox, they would5 probably alter their opinion. ' The entrance to our new huts was by long passages through which we had to crawl on our hands and knees, but when once in the parlour with the matsilaid over the icy floor and the oil lamps lighted, the place became -warmer ihan one would have expected, but stillr cheer less and cold. The Esquimaux, however, seemed to be quite contented-they' had never seen any house accommodation superior to this, and while they got plenty to eat were,or appeared to be comfortable, but they wanted a full meal every liour. Alas, this matter of eating reduces us all pretty much to a class,' and hunger [is a sad leveller of distinctions. We were wont to smile at the Esquimaux eating candles, grease, whaleskin, and blubber, but I and the crew soon learned to enjoy a raw steak from the hip of a bear, or seal, or the shoulder of a reindeer, and latterly I felt convinced that flesh frozen and thawed was cooked enough for use in that cheerless region. On the fourth night of our excursion out, as I was vainly trying whether . hot rum would thaw human blood, one of the Esquimaux entered the tent exclaiming " Reindee! Eeindee! " To he Continued. 