TELEGRAPHIC SUMMARY. LONDON, SEPTEMBER 4. The mismanagement of the Pacific mail service excites serious misgivings here. The London agents have for two months declined to book offenders through to Australia. According I to letters of complaint in the Times the San Fran- ie agents refused to endorse the railway tickets of passengers from Australia per Tartar, although they had prepare their fares to Liverpool This involves great hardships, and some were' compelled to pawn watches and other valuables to get on, and others are still detained, in America. From explanations it appears London and American agents had warned the company's representatives in Australia that, unless the funds to pay the transit across the States and the Atlantic passages were remitted, they could not guarantee passengers going forward. The agents' letter was acknowledged, but no money sent ; and offer was made to the Governments of Sydney and New Zealand to take over the contract, and continue the service in consideration of an extension of time, and other advantages I An M.P., writing to the Times, suggests that self-supporting colonies should bear the expenses of vessels of the Imperial Navy cruising in their waters. It is the practice of the Dutch colonies, and the Press generally think it worth imitation. . ... The sloop Sappho is to be immediately commissioned for service on Australian station. The Colonial Secretary has agreed to act as arbitrator between British Columbia and the Dominion for the settlement of the disagreement respecting the terms of the union, provided both Governments agreed to accept his decision as final. , , , Mr, Henry Holland has resigned the Assistant Under-secretary ship of the Colonies, and as the Conservative candidate for Midhurst. In his address to the electors he strongly advocated a closer connection between England and the colonies as advantageous to both. . i After his return from Ireland, Sir Gavan Duffy visited Lord Carnarvon. j At HighClere, William Hopwood, a Tichborne witness, was sentenced to one year's imprisonment foreigner. " to - The claimant's late secretary applied for a summons against Mary Ann Loader for perjury. The application was referred to the Court of Queen's Bench. - _ * J Mr. Sothern has relinquished the idea of visit ing Australia. The project is revived for erecting a permanent building for colonial exhibits. 4 Mr Childers was nominated chairman of the Great Western Railway in Canada. A prolonged discussion has taken place in London papers relative to emigration, principally to Canada. A Fenian has published in the Times some doleful letters on his experiences and observations in the United States and Canada, which elicited replies from Mr. Edward Jenkins, Rev. Mr. Herring, and other promoters of emigration. A Philadelphia!! Society, established to assist Englishmen in distress, recommends temporary suspending emigration to America, and is helping hundreds to return. The cruel misrepresentations of agents in England are strongly denounced ; artisans especially are warned against leaving England ; the quality of men sent out j is much complained of in Canada. The Times pronounces against Canada on account of the severity of climate, and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in preference, yet large cargoes are still being shipped off. 500 labourers and families left last week and the agricultural strike having collapsed, Mr. Arch threatens wholesale deportation to Canada. Mr. Taylor, the secretary, has gone over on a tour of inspection. Irish emigration has greatly declined. 130 immigrants from Shetland have left in the steamer Schiller, for New Zealand. The deceased emigrants have just returned from Brazil to Berlin in a wretched condition. A resolution was passed for winding-up the Blinman Consolidated Copper Mining Company. The Bank of Australasia paid a second dividend of 5 per cent. The Van Diemen's Land Company have decided to construct a tram way through Emu, by loch. ! Tallerman's Meat Agency Company has declared another dividend of 10 per cent. The labour market still remains in a highly in good condition. The wages Question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affect- ing 40,000 persons, after lasting eight weeks, was terminated on August 20 by submission to the masters terms. On the same day, at a meeting of 13,000 slate quarrymen near Bethesda, it was agreed to accept the concessions of Lord Penrhyn, subject to the dismissal of two obnoxious agents, The minimum weekly wage is 30s. to skilled men. These conditions being refused, the men we cleared out their tools from the quarry. The miners of Fifeshire and Clackmannan have mg refused to submitted a reduction of 15 per 11 per "asters have decided on a general ?;* He men however, have not agreed ; tm voted for resistance, and 1151 for accept once ; 3,100 have not voted. A secession from the Union is probable. > , J W Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire, awinuriiam Polices of a reduction have been seen by colliery owners, and a similar movement isirnpeiidmgin Northumberland. and Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men. submitted the question of reduction to area Arthurs London, and the decision affirmed Sr- emPloyers for 12. percent, abatement. come Leicestershire miners have struck against T 0 W- Per day- After a protracted w nee and several conferences, the South mine mers agreed to submit to a 10 per cent. IZAT portion that wages are not again affirm " g the present year- The bttlklof St hhovLTT have obtained work',' AJS >s,urreude«"g tickets, at improved the IT";" any..aSe4 met however, by joining £2 IT All have to enter the work" Z 1" ?ed t0W0lk without giving up tickets, who are still unemployed on v iPnfr board finally broke JP at Halifax, sent form a english ! 20 remaining at Bradford. ftíAf"'*'they remain was AWEdinhnni¿0IÍÍ Iceland the Danish King a^iilburea'wherehe waived anentriV '»SouttTLl11^ ?ff»"teen steamers »iS}0^9^1.1"2110^ party, and the city »«^decoratedjn theiihowurf The Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to Copenhagen The Prince of Wales meanwhile has figured in a series of festivities at Plymouth, to celebrate the opening of the new Guildhall, cost- ing £200 000 on one day there was a grand Free masons' demonstration, and on the closing day a military ceremony and performance of the " Creation " at Guildhall. The Prince arrived at Marlborough House on the 22nd; and during the day visited the Empress of Austria. The Prince and Princess of Roumania, and Prince of Austria and the five Royal children, left the same day in the Royal yacht Osborne for Copenhagen. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, after being banquetted at Brussels, reached Folkestone on August 20, on their return from a Continental tour. The town was decorated, and an address i of welcome presented. They have sincobeen'at Balmoral, and on the 28th the Duke pays a visit to Liverpool for several days. The Imperial Prince and Princess, of Germany left Hyde on August 24 on a voyage back to the Continent. The Prince of Wales went to Berlin a week later, to be present at the confirmation of the Imperial Prince's eldest son on 1st September. He will accompany the Emperor to witness the military manoeuvres at Hanover from 13th to 19th instant. The Austrian Emperor has arrived in England incognito to join the Empress at the Isle of Wight. M. de Jarman is appointed French Ambassador in London. Two new Bishops, St. Davids, and Central Africa, were consecrated on August 24th, in Westminster Abbey, by the Archbishop of Canterbury. The evidence being insufficient to prove the charges against Sir George Elliott, member for North Durham, the petition was withdrawn. ! Mr. Gladstone, in his letter to the Guardian, denies the statement industriously propagated that the Queen had endeavoured to influence, his conduct with regard to the Public Worship Regulation Bill, The reversal by the Dean of Arches of the Bishop of Exeter's judgment in the Exeter reredos case excites much interest in clerical circles. An appeal is announced to the Judicial Committee. The break-up of the Ashantee monarchy! is quickly following the English victory ; the Kings syllabus and Hecqua having declined to renew their homage to King Coffee, he has appealed to the British Administrator at Cape Coast Castle for assistance ; the situation is further complicated by a report that the hostile kings have been promised support by the chiefs of Akim and Denkera, Captain Lees having gone to Coomassie to mediate has been well received. Lieutenant Comer in a letter to the Foreign Office declares that the slave- trade still flourishes in a belt of jungle villages about a week's march from the East Coast, and to destroy this traffic he recommends the construction of a railroad from Bagomoys to Ujiji, under the protection of European Commissioners, and 1000 or 2000 soldiers. Mr. Gladstone, as a shareholder in the Metropolitan Railway Company, has written, to the < chairman recommending more moderate fares, and the substitution of two classes of passengers for three. To minister to the wants of the greatest number he regards the wisest policy. There are indications of a revival of liberal courage and unity ; three demonstrations have taken place at Frome, Brighton, and Sheffield, at which place spirited addresses were delivered by Messrs. Goschen, Fawcett and Mundella, who spoke sanguinely of the future, and confidently of Air. Gladstone's continued leadership. ? Professor Tyndall (president) delivered the inaugural address before the British Association, the main thesis being that matter is the ultimate source of all things, and its own just cause ; he demanded absolute liberty for scientific investiga- tion, and the submission of religious theories, schemes, and systems to its decision ; he was afterwards ably supported by Professor Huxley. The Welsh national Eisteddfod has been held at Bangor, and attracted an immense audience. The Bishop of Bangor presided. A Welsh oration was delivered by Mr. Morgan Lloyd, M.P. In the choral competition for forty guineas and a gold medal, the prize was won Tay the Carnarvon Philharmonic Society. A harp and other gold and silver medals were competed for. It will be held next year in Conway Castle. An association is being formed in London to prosecute Ritualistic clergymen under the new Act. An exciting controversy, inimical to the popularity of the English Church, has been provoked by the refusal of clergymen, supported by the Bishop of Lincoln, to permit the word "Rev." to be inscribed on the tombstone of a daughter. of a Wesleyan Minister ; the subject was brought before the Conference during its recent sittings Archbishop Tait, " S. G. O. of the Times, and other correspondents condemn the bitter intoler- ance of the sacerdotal party. The Henri-Martini rifle is about to be issued to the army without delay, and arm-chests are being manufactured at Woolwich sufficient to hold 100,000 new weapons. The frightful increase of crimes of a brutal character, especially kicking to death is provok- ing an indignant outcry against the absurd leniency of punishments inflicted, and even magistrates declare that savage ferocity is gaining ground, and must be met by repressive legisla- tion. Flogging for brutes is the public demand. Cremation gains ground in European opinion, while in America German societies are' springing up for burning the dead. On Saturday, August 22, the great hosiery factory of Messrs. Morley and Son, near Tottenham, was burnt down, and £100,000 worth of property destroyed ; 300 persons were thrown out of employment ; incendiarism is suspected.. Early on Sunday morning, Messrs. Richard son's large paper mills, near Yarra w-on-Tyne, wore consumed, estimated damage,, £40,000 on Monday, an extensive conflagration occurred in Southampton Docks, resulting in the destruction ' of a range of buildings occupied by the Royal Mail Company, and used as workshops ; the loss amounts to several thousand pounds. On Tuesday, a fire broke out in the top floor of South prison of Glasgow, and the flames were not subdued till the west wing wits gutted. On the 16th August, owing to the ignition of thatched stacked bark, a considerable part of the town of Market Harborough was burnt down. A destructive fire occurred at Mr. Gregory's timber-yard Manchester, the loss is £10,000 Sir Arthur Guinness's extensive porter stores, at Shannon, Yarborough, were totally destroyed by fire. The reconstruction of the Pantechnicon in eight separate sections, provided with double wrought-iron doors, is rapidly proceeding. Four lives were lost by a colliery explosion, near Hanley, caused by exposure of a naked candle. By an accident to the winding gear at the pit's mouth, at Broad Oak Colliery, in Wales, twenty men were confined in the pit nearly two days. Two lives were sacrificed by a collision between mineral trains on the Rhymney Railway, near Dowlas. One heavy train dashed down a steep incline into another standing at the station, and killed driver and stoker. A terrible tragedy occurred at the Princess Club, Manchester, on August 25, where a young merchant named Burge, after shaking hands with another named M'Lean, shot him dead and then instantly slew himself, in a fit of temporary insanity. After a fortnight's search, the body of Mr. Wilton, a master of the City of London School, lost on Snowdon on August 11, was found at the foot of a precipice. Another master was drowned at Whitby. The Mersey Docks and Harbour Board have intimated to the Gas Company that they hold them responsible for the destruction of the landing-stage, through the carelessness of one of their plumbers. ' , j The Achilles a ironclad, has been built at a, i; -to '.,,., 'j-iu./.?< now I.-, r I Earles' yard. The hull was designed, by Mr. Reed. She made. a successful trial trip. Mr. Pugin continues his malignant persecution. During a hearing at Bow-street on a libel charge brought against the proprietor of the Westminster Gazette, a writ was served on Herbert, at suit of Pugin, which provoked a disorderly scene in the court, and scandalized the magistrate. Pugin was committed for trial for libel ; bail accepted. The Liverpool Leader was mulcted in £2500 for an alleged libel in exposing the rottenness of a public supply association, and |d. in another action for criticising the management of the Liverpool Theatre Royal. Mr. Wormald, of Lincoln College, succeeds Mr. Staunton as editor of the chess column in the Illustrated Ntios. The Alexandra Park Races were attended by 25,000 persons ; the fields were excellent. 1 Saddler has accepted a challenge, from George Brown, of Nova Scotia, to row for £500 and the championship of the world on October 19, at Coleraine, Ireland. i In the inter-University race on the Dee between Aberdeen and Edinburgh, the former won by a length. The Great Northern Leger at Stockton was won by Trent, by half a length over Rostrevor at Oxford the Princess of. Wales Plate was won by Cranbourne, and Wild Myrtle won the Oxford- shire stakes. A ladies' cricket match has been played, in Bucks between two elevens, the Nash ladies in one innings scored 135 against 86 of their opponents' two innings ; one lady contributed 61 runs. 1874 is the Centenary of the invention of cricket. A match at Brighton between Sussex and Notts ended in a decisive victory for Sussex. At the regatta of the Royal Victoria Yacht , Club the Commodore's Cup was won by St. ' Ursula, and the Vice Commodore's prize by the cutter Cythera. The Egeria again won the Prince of Wales'. Challenge Cup. OBITUARY-We Bishop Sumner, Alderman Challis, Lieutenant-General Sir James Lindsay, Sir Coventry Payne, Sir John Walsham, formerly Charity Commissioner ; Baroness Barnes, from a fall from horseback ; Earl Annesley, very suddenly ; Robert Sly, horse-trainer ; Lord Garden, American impostor and' swindler, who committed suicide on his capture by the detectives ; Sir W. Wiseman, Sackwell Fox,. J. T. Fisher, railway manager ; Lady Lees, Lady W. Russell, Vice-Admiral Castle, Sir T. J. Kemp, of Norfolk ; Rev. F. C. Ewald, missionary among the Jews ; Admiral Chaigneu, by the accidental discharge of a revolver while cleaning it; Forcade De La Roquette, ex Bonapartist Minister ; Rev. James Shore, prosecuted by Bishop Phillpots twenty-five years ago, by a fall from his horse ; Rev. H. Jenkins, of Oxford ; Sydney Dobell, poet ; Frederick Moran, on the staff of Rappel; Lord Bellew's, son and heir by suicide ; Mr. Betty, formerly known as Young Roscius ; Kenny Meadows, artist ; Hugh Gladstone, nephew of the ex-Premier ; J. H. Foley, sculptor, interred in St. Paul's Cathedral Garth Marshall, of Leeds, by falling into crevice on Mount Blanc, and the Countess Mount Edgcumbe. On the 25th August, a swimming race for amateurs for the championship of England, took place at Welsh Harp, London. Six men swam one mile in still water, and H. Davenport won by 80 yards, in 31 minutes 9 seconds. Chirchelsons won the Great Ebor Handicap Stakes at York, with Blantyre second, Louis third. The Baden-Baden Grand Prize was won by Prince Lohenloe's Maestro. At Huddersfield, Jupp's eleven, with two innings, were beaten by a team of twelve of Lascelles Hall in one innings. In a return match between Sussex and Gloucestershire, the latter made 412 runs in one innings, and Sussex 438 in one innings and part of a second. A railway to the summit of Vesuvius is projected. Etna is in eruption. . Brigandage is assuming dangerous proportion in Sicily. Passengers' rates have been raised on the American and Canadian line. Freights will follow. SPAIN. Ministerial crises have been rumoured, and changes are anticipated in the military departments. General Zabla will probably be superseded as Commander- in-Chief by Merinos. Military operations of late have been mainly in favour of the Carlists ; they dominate in several northern provinces, levy taxes and Customs duties, destroy railways, murder prisoners, and surprise weakly defended towns. Lagturdia, in Navarre, was captured by introducing twenty Carlists, disguised as muleteers, with rifles hidden in carts, who possessed themselves of the gate and admitted their comrades. On 17th August Serdurget was treacherously surrendered to Tristan by the commandant was shot ; 485 soldiers and 32 old guns were taken ; the captors also recovered possession of 40,000 piastres paid to the betrayers of the fortress. The Bishop of Arzel was implicated in the surrender. The Carlists then proceeded to Puycerda, which has been besieged and bombarded since August 21 ; while bands under Miret Sabals and Tristan have hovered near to intercept Republican reinforcements. The resistance of the town is brave, and Carlists suffer much from shells and sorties. Hero Alcaniz and Callabra have been seized by Carl ist hands. Meanwhile preparations are proceeding for another great struggle between the main armies. * Zara, after revictualling at Victoria, returned to Kuranda, where he is organising a combined attack on Estella with Merinos, who remains at Oetza, watched by Carlists, who are between him and Estella. The new levy is proceeding . satisfactorily, and the Army of the North is being rapidly reinforced. General Pasha's head-quarters are at Teruel. General Cushing, American Minister at Madrid, is pressing American claims in connection with the Virginius affair, at the same time refusing to admit Spain's counter claims, on account of filibustering expeditions to Cuba. , .' The Judge appointed to investigate the circumstances of Primes assassination has indicted fifty additional persons for complicity in the crime. ' FRANCE. Bazaine, escape from his island prison has been the sensation of the month. The mode of escape, by means of a knotted rope', having been generally ridiculed as too romantic and impracticable, Madame Bazaine, to divert unjust suspicions from.' innocent officials, published a full and dramatic account of the whole affair ; only herself and nephew, M. Bull, were implicated in the plot, and failing to obtain from MacMahon by personal intercession any mitigation of the severities of his captivity, Madame Bazaine resolved to attempt his libera- tion. A steamer was hired at Genoa on pretext of a trip to the Mediterranean, Madame and Hull were rowed ashore at Lacroisette, where, to avoid, compromising the steamer's crew, they hired a fresh boat and proceeded to Isle Marguerite, arriving about ten at night. Bazaine had previously said prepara- tion, and his wife had communicated in a letter. Circumstances favoured the plan, and the guards may have connived, anyhow be safely descended the rocks by means of a rope, in the d Orkneys, and was dragged into the boat utterly exhausted and bleeding. On reaching the steamer Bazaine personated an old servant. The, captain was induced to change the destination to Genoa instead of Nice, where they landed on Monday. Travelling slowly to Spain, and then to Belgium, where their children were staying. Bazaine's ultimate location is un- determined. The Government were greatly exasperated at the escape, especially as Mac Mahon's connivance in insinuated},everywhere it is regarded as a Bonapartist triumph. Several persons, including the Commander (of the Fort and Colonel Villette, , Bazaine's old aide-de-camps, are in custody, and a searching official, inquiry has taken place. / Several Paris, journals, and illustrated papers have been subjected to legal proceedings' for pub' . û ? ! .. ,;,- c. a i ;, c : .?}\\\r,«,Tf. t,'<7 a is lashing accounts of the escape.. Rumour says Bazaine is offered command in Spain. j " Villette and others accused are to be tried on the 6th October. j MacMahon has made a semi-rigid progress through Brittany ; he started on August 16, and returned to Paris on the 27th. He was received in the principal towns with cordial avidity as a great soldier, but his equivocal position inspired no enthusiasm. 