Eastern News. THE FORMOSA DIFFICULTY seems to hang fire, and the great empires of China and Japan are playing a waiting game that may, according to present appearances, last for ever, and not finish then. Still the Chinese Government are pushing on defensive operations, arming the Taku forts and apparently bestirring themselves in the mat ter of fortifying Woosung, and continue massing troops on the island of Formosa. A private tele gram to a mercantile firm in Singapore an nounces that the steamer Asia, which was in tended to come down here, has been taken up for the conveyance of troops from Canton to Formosa ; and it is evident that, whatever may be the end of this ill-advised invasion by Japan, the Chinese Government mean at least to be thoroughly prepared either for aggression or defence. The Dutch in Acheen.—The Indier (Java) of the 9th instant, says :—" The news from Acheen makes it apparent that Colonel Pel is steadily and zealously active in clearing the ground around the Kraton. The Achinese continue hostilities with the same perseverance as before. Although several small States have, of late, shown more evident signs of friendliness, the submission of Great Acheen is still as far off as ever. The former vassals at Acheen seem to have become more and more convinced that the power of that once mighty Sultanate has been broken, but, at the focus of the war, the question is by ao means looked upon as decided, although the Java Bode would have it that an influ ential headman has arrived 'here (Batavia) to make propositions for peace, which has, however, not been confirmed. Another correspondent says that the Dutch twice offered quarter to the garrison, who thereupon answered contemptuously, "tida" (no). The Batavia Handexblad of the 26th ultimo says that, while some of the small Achinese states are hoisting the Dutch flag, they are sending troops to the assistance of the enemy around the Kraton. A correspondent of the Ster, in commenting on the constant intercourse kept up between the Andaman* and the Nicobars, and the numerous escapes of convicts therefrom, most probably in the direction of Acheen says :— "In the Ptnawj Gazette of the 22nd ultimo, we find the following reflections regarding some Achinese soldiers who preferred death to surren der, on the occasion of one of the forts being taken by the Dutch troops :—'These eight fanatics (were they white men, by common usance they would be called patriots), with the full know ledge of certain death, deliberately chose to impale themselves on their enemies' bayonets, fighting to the death for the cause they believed to be the right one.' All very fine this, but cool investigation might probably discover some more appropriate appellation for them. The Calcutta Ectning Mail of the 26th ultimo con tains, under the heading of ' Escapes from Port Blair,' an account of the escape of a batch of eighteen convicts from the Nicobars, who were actually traced toAeheen by an official, where the boat stolen by them, and some of the con vict*, were re-taken; but the rest, it appears, could not be found, having perhaps joined friendly patriots and compatriots eager to pro tect and employ them forthwith. The escapes of convicted felons from the Andaman and Nicobar convict establishments, it is now ascer tained, have been astonishingly numerous, as the published annual reports set forth, and all the fugitives most likely making for Acheen, as we hear of them cropping up nowhere else. Now, if these be among the defenders of Achinese forts, they will, of course, prefer death to a return to labor at the AnAnn^a or Nicobars. Fbom the Home Nine*' Summary and other ex changes we make the following extracts :— I The Czab axd the Pbixce Imperial.—The Czar, it was reported on August 21, from Paris, has in an autograph letter sent to Arenenburg, invited the Prince Imperial to be present at the autumn manoeuvres of the Russian army. Prince Louis Napoleon, bo the story goes, has gratefully acknowledged His Czarish Majesty's courtesy, but has excused himself from attend ing the manoeuvres on the ground of the import ance of his studies at Woolwich. Therein " the Queen's cadet", acted wisely ; but we wonder in what style he was addressed by Alexander 11. As "Monsieur, mon Frere," or simply as " Prince ?" One of the remote causes of the Crimean war is said to be that the Emperor Nicholas gave to Napoleon 111. only the contu melious title of "Monsieur, mon Cousin." Fashionable Piett.—The Dowager Mar chioness of Lothian, and a number of English Roman Catholic ladies, are busy* getting up an address of sympathy from the Roman Catholic ladies of Great Britain and Ireland to the ladies of Miinjter, in Germany, who, a few weeks ago, as is stated in a circular, "so bravely testified their devotion to their imprisoned bishop, for doing which they were summoned before the tribunals of justice, fined, and threatened with imprisonment." It is also proposed that each lady in the United Kingdom who joins the movement shall subscribe a small sum in order to render the address a becoming testimonial of the sympathy of the ladies of Great Britain and Ireland. It is expected that a meeting of the English Roman Catholic hierarchy, clergy, and i laity will shortly be held in St. James' HalL to express, as was done at the great meeting in the spring of the present year, sympathy with the bishops and pastors of Germany who have been prosecuted by the Government of that country. The Brussels Conference, —All Prince Gort schakofTs proposals have been discussed by the Brussels Congress, and everything in those pro posals which could be demanded in the interests of humanity without prejudice to " the rights of war," has, it is stated, been adopted. By the " rights of war," we suppose, are meant the rights of a despotic sovereign to snatch about seven hundred thousand men from their homes and their avocations ; dress them up in a pre posterous garb; drill and beat them until they become so many human machines; put lethal weapons in their hands, and then set them to the task of cutting the throats of their neigh bors who never did them any harm. But the Brussels Conference is regarded by civilised Europe with a feeling closely verging on con tempt ; and its deliberations will probably have no more effect on the future operations of war than the Pope's Syllabus, and the long-winded | debates of the (Ecumenical Council had on the religious opinions of sensible people. For a practical illustration of "the rights of war," the observer may be referred to the atrocities of the contest raging in Spain between the Carlists and the Republicans. Scientific Results of the Kashgab Mis sion.—The honors which have just been con ferred on Sir Douglas Forsyth, the leader of the Kashgar Mission, and on Colonel Gordon, RE., his second in command, must be considered to have been fairly earned by the services they have rendered, whether to the State or the cause of science in general. For a full report of Sir D. Forsyth'a labors in the latter direction we have still to wait, but a very good outline of Colonel Gordon's explorations forms an interest ing passage in the address which Sir Battle Frere delivered in June to the Royal Geogra phical Society. His labors have resulted not only in verifying the previous researches of Shaw and Hayward, and in correct ing the reports of native explorers, but also in conveying much new information con cerning regions of which next to nothing was known in Europe. His exploration of the Pamir Steppe, for instance, is not inaptly described as recalling "the old geographical triumphs of Elphinstone and Malcolm." Captain Trotter's announcement, as quoted by Sir B. Frere, that " the scientific operations of Russia and England have now crossed each other in friendly rivalry, the road from Kashgar to the crest of the Thian Shan Mountains being a link in the chain across Asia common to both countries," strikes a pleas ing variation on the strain in which many Eng lish politicians have hitherto celebrated Russia's progress in Central Asia." A Danish Invasion.— His Majesty the King of Denmark, in a Danish warship with the queer I name of " Jylland," has hastened from Iceland, I where the thousandth anniversary of Icelandish nationality has just been celebrated, in the presence of a number of distinguished Danes and a select circle of English and American gen tlemen, including among the latter, Mr. Cyrus Field, of Atlantic Telegraph fame, Mr. Bayard Taylor, the traveller, and Mr. Charles Leland, otherwise known as " Hans Breitmann;" and has swooped down, quite in a Scandinavian and piratical fashion, on the Scottish port of Leith. Thence the Royal " Bere Sarker"—if that be the way of spelling the Norse title—accom panied by his son Prince Waldemar, advanced on Edinburgh town, invaded Douglas' Hotel (inacab) and carried off the Adopted Daughter of Eng land. The Royal Scottish Archers were not called out to repel the invader. " Mons Meg" was not fired at him as he retired with his prize; nay, the Provost and Bailies of Edinburgh had the hardihood to wait on the Rover King at the hotel, and present him with an address, which, desiring to remain incognito, His Majesty was modestly reluctant to receive. Translated into a sober statement of fact, the Danish invasion resolves itself int > this : that King Christian has visited our shores, in order to fetch his daughter, the Princess of Wales ; that the princess and her papa have gone off in the Jylland to Copenhagen; and that on August 21 the royal party were to visit Christiansand, in Norway. Alabmixg Conflagration in Leicestershire. —On August 17 considerable consternation pre vailed in Leicester by the receipt of a telegram from Market Harborough stating that the town was in flames, and demanding the assistance of all the available fire-engines. As quickly as pos sible the Borough and Sun fire- engines were on their way to Market Harborough, approaching which place it was soon observable from the dense smoke overhanging the town and the smell of burning material that a serious con flagration was raging, and that the town was on fire in five or six different places. On arriving at the scene, it appeared that a thatched stack of bark in the extensive tanyard of Messrs. Staynes and Son, situate near the sheep-market, almost the centre of the town, had token fire, it ia supposed from a Bpark from a chimney con nected with a furnace used to consume old tan ning materials, and which soon communicated with the main and adjacent buildings. The yard contained several thousand tons of tanning bark, and the burning embers, aided by a strong south-westerly wind, were carried over the town in different directions, and falling on to the thatched roofs, vrliich are very numerous in the town, set fire to it in nine different places. For a time the wildest confu sion prevailed in the town—families vacating their homes, and turning their furniture into the streets and removing it to various places of security. The local volunteer fire-brigade, which possesses three engines, being overpowered by the numerous outbreaks, the aid of the Leicester fire-engines was sought, but pending their arri val the inhabitants, by the application of an almost innumerable number of wet blankets and buckets of water to the thatched roofs and the more complete unroofing of some premises, succeeded in effectively putting out the distant fires, and with a copious supply of water from the adjacent river Welland and the letting off of the Folly—a large reservoir on the outskirts of the town, which was the means of filling all the drains or sluices—the fire was, after some exertion on the part of the united brigade, kept confined to the tanyard in which it originated, and which it totally consumed. In addition, about nine buildings situated in different parts of the toira were seriously The manner in which poor old mother Church has been hustled and pulled about hither and thither during the past session (says our London correspondent) must hare gone far to make her lose all sense of her identity. As every member has got his own views as to how she should dress and demean herself before her children, infnite are the opinions as to how far the old lady may be left to herself ; how far she should be managed and controlled by her ladies' inaida, the Bishops ; or how far all or any of her children in the parish should be allowed a voice upon her vestments, and other such matters of high concern relating to the best, or supposed best, millinery means of getting to heaven. One honorable member is for leaving an absolute discretion in the Bishop. Another honorable member is for leaving a sort of discretion to the Bishop, subject to an appeal to the Archbishop. Lord Cairns had already declared, when a similar suggestion was made in the Lords, that he did not know what an appeal from a discretion meant, and certainly it does look like one of those self-contradictory and repugnant proposals only admissible in a measure where all sorts of attempts are being made to " solder close impossibilities, and make them kiss." In the face of such a confusion of purposes, opinions, prejudices, superstitions, childishness, intolerance, and wrongheadedness, the Act, even when it is brought into play, will probably still further embitter sectarian aud party feeling, and perhaps—unconsciously to most of the belligerents—help on a further stage the work of disestablishment. The everlasting newspaper wrangles about copes, and candle sticks, and acolytes, and incense, is becoming a bore to readers, who are on the look-out for more substantial fare ; and thus most of the indiffe rent ones especially are for letting the bill pass at once, if only for the purpose of getting rid for a time—if that be possible—of the whole sub ject. As it is a bill, they say, to make easier and cheaper a compliance with the law, give it a trial. If Ritualists still prove contumacious turn them out of their benefices. So matters, you perceive, are getting rather hot for these candlestick men, who, in common with their so called "brethren" of the Establishment, see nothing but trouble and graver difficulties in the distance. A Political Forecast.—Mr. Fawcett, M.P., addressed the liberals of Brighton on August 17, and was enthusiastically received by an audi ence of- at least 3000 persons congregated be neath the dome of the Pavilion. The honorable gentleman concluded a very eloquent speech as follows:—" In spite of all the foolish things that have been said by Ministers who are now in office about a 'dummy army,' and a " paper fleet,' a tighter hand will have to be kept on the great spending depart ments, and the Secretary for War and the First Lord of the Admiralty, although they have made alarmist speeches, will not improbably receive peremptory orders that, whether they like it or not, they must spend less money than was spent by their predecessors. It is well that we should consider these and other difficulties which beset the Government, not with. the view of gratifying the spirit of political par tisanship, but rather that we may be warned from what is now occurring of the mis chief which ensues, and of the danger which is incurred when a party that is in Opposition se cures office by recklessly raising expectations which cannot be fulfilled, and by creating hopes which cannot be realised. It is also well at this particular juncture to direct attention to any thiug which is calculated to inspire confidence in Liberal prospects, for grave mischief might be caused to the country if the Opposition ceased to discharge its proper functions of keen and con stant watchfulness, and this would have inevi tably occurred if Liberals had remained as despondent and apathetic as they were at the commencement of last session. If liberals care fully consider the causes which led to their de feat, and if they bear in mind some of the pro minent aspects of the present political situation, they must not only feel hopeful, but they must come to the conclusion that the day is not far distant when Liberalism will again be in the as cendant." The Pbince of Wales and the Freemasons. —On August 14, His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales paid bis promised visit to Plymouth, for the purpose of opening the new Guildhall in that town, on which occasion the Freemasons of Devon and Cornwall decided upon holding a United Grand Lodge of the two provinces to give him a welcome upon his first Masonic ap pearance among them. Nearly 8000 brethren assembled, wearing craft clothing and Royal Arch jewels. They marched through the prin cipal streets of the town to the Guildhall, where the lodge was opened in ancient forms by the Rev. J. Huyshe, P.G.M. of Devonshire, sup ported by Lord Mount Edgcumbe, P.G.M. of Cornwall; Mr. L. P. Metham, D.P.G.M. of Devon ; and Sir F. M. Williams, M.P., the D.P.G.M. of Cornwall. The Prince, on entering the Hall, took the chair, and was saluted as a P.G.M. of England. The brethren then sang " God bless the Prince of Wales," and followed this by enthusiastic cheering. The Rev. John Huyshe then called upon Lord Mount Edgcumbe to read an address of welcome, to which the Prince made a gracious, reply. After a speech from the Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, the Prince declared the Grand Lodge closed, and before he left Brother Trevene called for three cheers for the Prince of Wales. The call was re sponded to most enthusiastically, every brother standing and cheering with the heartiest good wilL As the prince left the hall the cheering 1 was again renewed. The Prince, having closed the lodge, proceeded to St. Andrew's Church, close by, viewed the works of restoration pro ! deeding under the superintendence of Sir Gilbert 1 Scott, then drove to the residence of the Mayor, Mr. Rooker, and lunched in company with Lord I Mount Edgcumbe and a number of other gentle men connected with the town. In the after noon his royal highness attended the perform lance of "Elijah," by the Plymouth Vocal As- I sociation, in the great halL Leaving the con i cert, the Prince visited the Western Horticul tural Show on the Hoe, and in the evening entertained a party on board his yacht His Royal Highness brought his visit to Plymouth to a close on August 15. Progress of Bonapartisil—The Bonapartists continue to make, not only steady, but rapid headway ; and the return for the Department of > Calvados, by an immense majority over his | Legitimist and Orleanist adversaries, of the Im perialist candidate, M. Le Provost de Launay, is the most important incident which has taken place in the Napoleonic reaction since the reap pearance of M. Rouher, " ex-vioe-Emperor," in the Versailles Assembly. The Calvados is a wealthy and intelligent department; the Nor mans are among the shrewdest of Frenchmen, and altogether the election must be regarded as a most serious omen. The Republican press ascribe the triumph of M. de Launay to the circumstance that he was Prefect of the Calvados under the Empire, and acquired great popularity in the discharge of his official func tions. Be it as it may, BonapartLim is decidedly, in commercial parlance, " looking up." Sunday, August 16, was not only the ftbtival of the Assumption, but the morrow of the fete-day of the Napoleons. There were Bonapartut mani festations of a devotional nature at many of the Paris churches, the gentlemen wearing violets in their button-holes, and the ladies violets in their bonnets ; and some thousands of country people, dressed in their holiday best, are said to have come to Pario by excursion-trains, iv the expec tation of seeing mdtt de cocagnt and merry-go rounds in the Champs Elysees, puppet-shows, and gingerbread stalls at the Barriere dv Trone, regattas on the Seine, and a nocturnal display of fireworks on the Trocadero, as on the " quinze Aout" of yore. French |>eople do not like to be de prived of a holiday ; and the Republic of the Fourth of September has, unfortunately, no fete day. A little official enthusiasm has, how ever, been got up to welcome Marshal M'Mahon on hi«j progress through the North-Western De partment. The Chief of the Septennate has visited Laval and Le Mans, and has by this time penetrated into Bowrbonist and bigoted Brittany. He has reviewed troops, inspected cavalry bar racks, attended official breakfasts and dinner* ; he has been " koo-too'd " by prefects, sub-pre fecta, mayors, and adjointa ; but the demeanor of the people, while it has been respectful, has certainly been of the coldest nature. Very dif ferent was the " progress " made two-and-twenty years ago by Louis Napoleon Bonaparte, Prince- President of the Republic. What a thrill of joyful hope ran through France when, at Bor deaux, he uttered the memorable words, " VEmpire cut lapaixf" There seems to be a very general impression in France just now that a return of the Empire would mean, sot only peace, but prosperity. Temple Bab (says our London correspondent) is in articulo mortii. Often have divers of the irreverent proposed to remove this venernblo piece of masonry, for the mere base and utilita. rian purpose of " widening Fleet-street;" but often as the proposition has been made, tho sacrilegious hands of the spoiler have been arrested by the pious Londoner. Remove the Bar ! Remove the glorious old monument, on the summit of which the heads of the Scotch rebels of 1745 had rested ! Remove that sacred gate, through which, as was well known to every London 'prentice, Queen Victoria could not come without a pass from the Lord Mayor ! The two august old stone parties would leap in their niches if effect were attempted to be given to such radical views. Where were Messrs. Childs, the bankers, to keep their books, which for two hundred years have beeu kept iv the rare old room over this rare old Bar ! Alas I amidst all these controversies, the great question —like ao many other great questions—settled itself, by a heavy " settlement" in the wall*, ominous of the whole concern coming down with " a ruu." Oppressed by the weight of the accumulated centuries of Child*' books, and by their own reflections, the dear old stone figures appeared the other morning with a yawning crack along side them, and seemed to be addressing every bus and affrighted cabman passing beneath, in these terms : " Now then, look out. We've had enough of this talk about pulling us down, and we can stand it no longer ; bo we shall come down at ouce, and we just mention it, as we may press perhaps a little inconveniently on someone, when we do it." The hint was sufficient. The Board of Works was Bent for. Shoring-up was commenced. Childs' books are turned out I dust and all, and mußt Beck other quarter*. They say the figures and their resting-plaoe we doomed. An inquest is already being held upon them, and London shall know them no more for ever. Mb. Richardson, who visited Queensland in the Ramsey as representative of the Agricultural Laborers' Union, and who purposes again visit ing us about next Christmas, in company with another batch of immigrants by the Indus, has circulated the following stirring address in the locked-out districts, and no doubt with good effect:—"As emigration appears to be the recognised remedy for lock-outs and small wages, I wish to draw the attention of the laborers to the fact that free emigration will not last for ever, and the almost certain fact that those who do not now embrace the simple and great oppor- tunities offered, will in a few years, when old age and an empty cupboard stare them in the face, say, 'Oh ! that I had been wise in time !' I know something of practical emigration, and it is only old womanish fears and fancies that keep half the laborers from facing the water to-day ; when once fairly out to sea people think as much of the dangers of the deep as the deep thinks about them. Some are bound for Canada. some for New Zealand, and others with myself for Queensland. Were it possible to put Queens- land products, soil, and money before the eyes of the farm laborers to-day, few there would be without their 'Application Forms' to- morrow. I have brothers and sisters in that colony ; they work well, live comfortably, and save money. To every relative and friend, worthy, sober, and plucky, I would say, 'Go by the next ship.' Talk of roughing it! The Queenslanders are better housed, better fed, better dressed, better paid, better educated, more polite, more hospit- able, more independent than the same class are, or are likely to be, in England. Fellow men, if you want to be your own masters, come with me ; if you want a rent-free cottage and a ten- acre garden, come with me; if you prefer £50 a year, and as much as 12s. a day, as mechanics, of eight or nine hours a day, in preference to 2s. 6d. a day of fifteen hours, come with me. Thirteen weeks' holiday on the voyage ? Don't let your poor, weak, timid friends stand in your way of progress ; they can't keep you, and you can better help them abroad. Those who accom- pany me will have my best attention for their profit and amusement during the voyage, and a hearty reception from employers and old friends that have become "old chums" in a land of plenty. The magnificent clipper ship Indus is being fitted out for the 9th day of September. If the reader means going, write particulars of age, family, and profession, and a quick reply, without charge, will be forwarded by yours faithfully, Edward Richardson. Brisbane House, Aylesbury, July 25, 1874." From Aylesbury we have received some in- teresting particulars respecting Mr. Richardson's proceedings there, after returning from Queens- land, and previous to his recent fresh departure to rejoin us. He made a regular practice of holding forth, evening after evening, on the vil- lage green to the assembled laborers. Political considerations hardly were comprehended by their untrained minds, and the appeal to the stomach, in the pictures drawn of plenty of beef and pineapples, appeared to be the most effec- tive portions of our zealous friend's discourse. Mr. Richardson's advocacy of our interests gained him no affection from the wealthier classes. The farmers took no trouble to conceal their detesta- tion of his proceedings, and those of all similar immigration sub-agents. A good number of per- sons have been led to make a start for Queens- land from Aylesbury and the vicinity, in conse- quence of the publicity given to the induce- ments it offers by Mr. Richardson. Vessels re Tow.—Legal Decision.—The last number of the " Reported Cases in the Privy Council" (the Review says) contains a case on this subject. A vessel called the Silver Cloud, was being towed upon the River St. Lawrence from Montreal to Quebec by a tow-boat, called the Hero, when a dense fog came on and navi gation became dangerous. The master of the Silver Cloud did not order the Hero to stop, and in consequence she was run agrouud and greatly injured. The question was were her owners entitled to recover ? The Judges of the Privy Council decided that they were not. They con sidered it the clear law that " When no direc tions are given by the vessel iv tow, the rule in the case of tug-steamers is that the tug shall direct the course. The tug is the moving power but it is under the control of the master or pilot on board the ship in tow." In the present case they considered that the jwraona on board the Silver Cloud had, by not giving any orders to the Hero to stop, consented to proceed in the fog, and that they thus contributed to the accident bo as to disentitle themselves to recover damages. The following rule with regard to the duties of a tug-steamer, which had been laid down by Lord Kingdown in the case of the Julia, was cited with approval by the Judges in the present case :—" A tug is to use proper bkill and diligence, and is liable fur any damage by her wrongful uct. When the con tract to tow was mad«, the law would imply an engagement that each vessel would perform its duty in completing it; that proper skill and diligence would be used on board each, that neither vessel by neglect or misconduct would create unnecessary ri»k to the other, or increase any risk which might be incidental to the ser vice undeilaken. If, in the course of the per formance of the contract, any inevitable accident happened to the one without default on the part of the other, no cause of action would arise. If on the other hand, the wrongful act of either occasioned damage to the other, such wrongful act would create a responsibility iv the party committing it if the sufferer had not, by any misconduct or unskilfulnesH on hu juu-t, contri buted to the accident.' The San Francisco correspondent of the Auck land Herald "guesses" to the following effect anent " affairs of State " :—" Grant is going to play Old Nap with Yankee land. He will go in for the third term. Then comes v dictatorship, and then the coup d'ttat, and Repul.licitninui die*. It id half dead now ;it would )*; very eaxy to strangle out the little life that remains. But, then, ' the'people, the people.' Ob ! hang the i>eople ; that's just what Ulysses the First will do, if they give him much trouble. He has the army, and means to keep it. Fancy a Yankee duke, earl, or count. The American ladies will take to the new order like young ducks to the water, and right royally would they queen it. I can undei stand an American Graud DuchesH—and a glorious woman at that, but I can't even imagine a Yankee noble. They could not do it, they have too much sense ! Grant is playing hit game with the South. He will find plenty of material there out of which t<> make dukes and counts. For that matter, if he is at all pushed, he need only advertise, und a million German nobles will answer his appeul. ' Wanted, for the duchy of Pennsylvania, a duke and duchess. Apply, " forwarding patent," to , 'i ... — Ulysses First of America,' " 