N E W S > - B Y j' ''T'.H'IÎ 1 MAIL. ? V:A erra...-, _ .. . .", A'JTI.A:bÉ 'li'ZSUAY ~> A.M. : TUB I1, and O. steamer Icu err:v.J ill u.c^t.a ut eleven o'clock lam night, alter a splendid paniego from Gaile-»Ix days under contract limo, . PAS'SNOBUS-ron SYDNEY.- Messrs. Jane, R. J. Black, J. Cullen, A. P. Cain, 0. Moore, G. Brooker, Mrs. Collins, Mr. and Mrsj. Stevenson, Miss Dobbin, Mrs. B. Wood and two childron, F. Bustard, W. Carroll. GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON, SEI'TKMUKII 4TII. Tho mismanagement of tho Pacific mall scrvlca ex- cites serious misgivings hero. The London agents have for two mouths declined to book passengers through tn Australia. According to letters of com- plaint In tho Times the San Francisco agents refused to endorso thu railway tickets nf passengers from Australia per Tartar, although they had prepaid their fares to Liverpool. This involves great hardships, and somo wore compelled tri pawn watches and other valuables to get on, and .others aro still detained in America. From explanations, it appears London and American agents had warned tho company's represen, tatives in Australia that, unless tho funds to pny tho transit across the States and the Atlantic passagoi were remitted, they could nut guarantee pussengers going forward. Tho agent's letter wus acknowledged, but no letter sent ; an offer was made ta the Govern- ments nf Sydney and Now Zealand to tako over tho centrant, and conlinua the survies In consideration of an extension of timo and other advantages.. An M.P., writing to the Times, suggests that self supporting colonies should bear tho expenses of vessels of the Imperial Navy cruising in their Waters. It is the practice of the Dutch colonies, and the Press generally think lt worth Imitation. The sloop Sappho ls to be immediately com- missioned for the scrvlco on Australian station. The Colonial Secretary has agreed to act as arbi- trator between British Columbia and the Dominion for the settlement of tho disagreement respecting the terms of tho union, provided both Governments agreed to accept his deoision ns final. Mr Henry Holland has resigned tho Assistant Under-secretaryshlp of tho Colonies, and ls the Con- servative candidato for Midhurs.. In his address to tho electors ho strongly ndvooated a closer connection between England ind the colonies as advantageous to both. oom. After his return from Ireland, Sir Gavan Duffy, visited Lord Carnavon. At High Clerc, William Hopwood, a Tichborne witness, wus sentenced to ono yost's imprisonment for bigamy. ' .. . Tho claimant's late secretary applied for a BUinmonB against Mary Ann Loader for perjury. The applica- tion was referred to the Court of Queen's Berich. Mr Sothern has relinquished thc idea of visiting Australia. ? The project is revived for erecting a permanent building for colonial exhibits. Mr Childers was nominated chairman of the Great Western Railway in Canada. A prolonged discussion has taken place in Loudon papers .. relative to emigration, principally to Vanada.': i A Bohemian has published in the " Times " somo doleful letters on his experiences and observations in United States and Canada, which elicited replies from Hr Edward Jenkins, Rsv. Mr Herring, and other pro- moters nf emigration. ' - A Philadelphia Society, established to nssUu Englishmen in distress, recommends temporary sus- pending emigration tn America, and is helping hun- dreds tn return. Tho cruel misrepresentations of agents in England are strongly denounced ; artisans especially are warned against leaving England ; tho quality of men sent out is much complained of in Canada. The Timm pronounces ngiinst Canada on aconunt of tho severity of climate, nnd recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in preference, yet large oargoes are still being shipped off. SOO labourers and families left last week ; and the agricultural strike haring collapsed, Mr Arch threatens wholesale deportations to Canada. Mr Taylor, the secretary, lins gone over on a tour of inspection. Irish emigration ha» .greatly declined. 130 : Immigrants . from Shetland have left in the steamer Schiller, for New Zealand. The deceived emigrants have just returned from Brazil to Berlin in a wretched condition. The Bink of Australasia paid a second dividend of The Van Diemen'« Land Company hsvo decided to construct a tramway through Emu, by loch Tallormnn's Meat Agency Company has declared another dividend of 10 per cent. Tho labour market still remains in a highly in- flamed condition. 1 ho wages question proves diffi- cult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affecting 40,000 person«, after lasting eight weeks, was termi- nated on August 20th by submission to the master's terms. On tho somo day, at a meeting of 13,0.40 »late quarrymen nonr Bethesda, lt was agreed to accept tho concessions of Lord Pomhyn, subject to the dismissal of two obnoxious agents. Tho minimum weekly wages is 30s. to skilled men. These conditions being refused, tho men have cleared out their tools from tho quarry. Tho miners of Fifeshiro and Clackmannan having refused to submit to a reduetion of 16 per cent, the misters havo decided on a general look-out. Tho men, however, have not agreed; 2100 voted for re- sistance, and 1101 for acceptance; 3300 havo not voted. A cessation from the Union is probable. In West Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire, and Durham, notices of a rcductinn have been given by colliery owners, and a similar movement is impending in Northumberland. Tho.Ynrkshiro and Derbyshire masters and men submitted tho question uf reduotion to arbitration in London, and tho 'décision affirmed demands of em- ployers for 12J per cent abatement. Sntno Leicester- shire miners havo struck against reduction of Od. per dflj. . After n protracted resistance and several con serences, the South Wales miners agreed to submit to a 10 per cunt reduction au condition that wages aro not again lowered during tile present year. Tho bulk of locked-out labourers hnvc obtained work without surrendering tickets, ot improved wages. Many aged men, howovcr, by joining tho Union, will have to onter tho work-houso. Tho lock-out lasted eighteen weeks; 870 returned to work without giving up tickets, nnd about 400 aro Btill unemployed. Tho pilgrim band finally broke up ut Hnlifax, only twenty-one of the original 100 remaining at Bradford. About £700 was clear ed ¡ they remain in Scotland till November. On his return from Iceland tho Danish King visited Edinburgh, whero ho received an enthusiastic wolcomo ; a ilcot of fourteen steamers wont out to escort the ltoyul party, and tho city was cady dec- orated tn their honour. Tho Princess of wales ac- companied lier father back to Copenhagen. Tho Prince nf \V alo» meanwhile ha« figured in a scries of festivities at Plymouth, tn celebrate the opening of the new Guildhall, costing £00,000 ; nn ono dny there was a grand Freemasons' démonstration, and on tho cloting day a a military ceremony and performance of tho " Creation " nt Guildhall. Tho Prlnco arrived nt Marlborough House on the 22nd, and during tho doy visited tho Empress of Austria. Tho Prince and Princess of Roumanln, and . Prlnco of Austria and tho Hvo Hoya! ohildron, left tho samo day in tho Royal yacht Osborne for Copenhagen, Tho Duko and Duchess of Edinburgh, after being banquettod at brussels, reached Folkestone on August 20th, on their roturu from a Continental'tour. Tho town was decorated, and an address of wclcomo pre- sented. They have since been at Balmoral, and on tho 28th tho Duke pays a visit to Liverpool for several days. rho Imperial Prlnco and Prinocss of Gormany loft Ryde on August 24th on a vngaga back to tho Con- tinent. Thc Prinao of Wales went to Berlin n week later, to bo present at the confirmation nf tho Imperial Prince's eldest san on 1st September. Ho will accompany tho Emperor to witness tho military manouvras nt Hanover from 13th lo 10th Instant. Tho Austrain Emperor has arrived in England incognito to join tho Empress at the Isla of Winllt. M. do Jamao ls appointed French Ambassador in Landan. Two new nish oin, St. Davids and Control Africa, were consaoratad nn August 21th, in Westminster Abbey, by tho Archbishop nf Canterbury, The ovidctioo being Insufficient tn prove tho ehnrges against Slr Uoorgo Elliott, member fur North Durham, the petition was withdrawn. Hr Gladstone, tn his lottar to tho Guardian, donica the statement Industriously propagated that thc Queen had endeavoured tn influence his conduct with regar 1 to Public Works Regulation Bill. The reversal by tho Doan of Arabos of tho Bishop of Exetor'B judgmont in the Exeter rercdos uoso ex oites much Interest in clerical. oirclcs. An oppoal ls announced to the Judisitil Committee, On Saturday August 22nd, tho great hosiery factory of Messrs Morly and Son, nenr Tottenham, was burnt down, and £100,000 worth of property dostroyed, 800 t ware thrown out of employment j incendiarism is .tupectcd. Early on Sunday morning, Motin. Richardson's Inrgo paper tnillB, near Yiirrnw- on-Tyr.c, were con- sumed, estimated damage, £40,000 ¡ on '-'Monday,' an extensive conflagration occurred ; irk Southampton Docks, rosulting - in tho destruction of a range of buiidingB occupied by thoRoyal Mull Company, and used aa . workshops ; the loss amounts 'to . several thousand pounds. On Tooday, o fire broke out in tho top floor nf South prison ut' Glasgow, and the flames were nnt subdued till the weBt wing was gutted. On the IC th August, owing to the ignition of thntched stacked bark, a considerable part of tho town of Market Harborough was burnt down. . A de- structive fire ocouircd at Mr. Grcsty's timber yard, Manchester, the loss is £40,000. Sir Arthur Guinness' extensive porter stores, nt Shannon, Yarborough, wcro totally destroyed by fire. Tho frightfullincroose of orimes ofa brutal character Bpeclully kicking tn death, 1» provoking au Indignant outcry r.galnst the absurd leniency of punishments inflicted, and oven magistrates declaro that savage ferocity is gaining ground, and must be met by repressive legislation. Flogging for bruteB lethe public demand. Cremation gains ground in European opinion willie in America German societies are spiinging up for burning the dead. The Old .Catholic experiment in Switzerland has collapsed, and Fore Hyacinthe, finding tho extrusive forces too powerful, hus resigned his Geneva cure. There have been insurrectionary disturbances in llaly. Same German working mon have written to Bismarck, stating that reprisals shall be visited on Catholic Bishops for any future attempts to kill him and successful assassination is to bo followed by thc doalh of tho Pope himself. Thc Brussels Conference, on questions nf inter- national law in time of war, terminated last Saturday.. Tho praticat results are expected to bo considerable. Thc German delegate was most prominent in urging extension or modifications of the Russian scheme. Tho English dolegntc merely watched the deliberations. Telegraphic intelligence from Now York ls to the effect thct a resolution of confidence in Mr. Deechcr was passed with only one dissentient, Mr, F. Moulien. . An exciting controversy, inimical to tho popularity of the English Church, has been provoked by the refusal of clergymen, supported by tho Bishop of Lincoln, to pîrmit the word "Rev." tn bo inscribed on tho tombstone of a daughter of a Wesleyan Minister; thc BUbject was brought before the Conference during its recent sittings. Archbishop Tait, " 8. O'O. " of the Times aod other correspondents condemn bitter in toleran co of tho sacerdotal party. ,: Thc Henrl-Mnrtini ililo ls about to bo issued to the army without delay, and arm chests aro being manu- factured nt Woolwich sufficient to hold 100,000 new weapons. Tho ship Euxine, from Shiolda to Aden, with a cargo of coal, took fire at sea. Her crew of twenty one tonk to tho boats, both of which had arrived at St. Helena, after a voyage of eleven hundred miles, during which tho boats after leaving thc burning vessel neuer 'saw each othor. Lieutenant Coiner in a letter to the Foreign Office, declares that the slave trade still flourishes lu a bolt of jungle villages about a week's march from the East Coast, and to dcBtroy this trafilo he recommends the construction of n railroad from Bagomoys to Ujiji, under the protection of European Commissioners, and 1000 or 2000 soldiers. I The Duke of Leinster is dead. IT WILL be interesting to members af the Angtlcnn church lo learn that a telegram has just been received from Bishop Tuffnell, stating that tho Archbishop of Canterbury had accopted his resignation of the Bee of Brlsbano on the 20th September. Thc seo is now vacant, and tho election of tho future bishop rests with tho clergy and laity-tho latter through their representatives in tho synod. Tho ranga from which tn maka scloction is of tho widcBt possible kind, any Bishop or clergyman of the Church of England not less than .10 years of age being eligible ; andas theta aro at least two lay members of Synod to each clergyman ; the constitution of tho Church of England is most popular, and tho election of tho highest officer of the church rests mainly with the laity. Wo understand that a meeting of tho Diocesan Council, which is composed of six clergymen and six laymen, will be held next week in Brisbane, when lt is presumed. a special meeting of Synod will bo convened for tho election of thc future bishop. MO.VSTEK TENT.-Messrs. Craig, Brothers, the well known sallmakcrs, have just completed an immense canvus arena, for Chevalier Blondín. It contains 8000 yards of canvas, or 00,000 atinare feet. There are 15 miles of sowing-giving 3,801,000 stitches. This is by far the largest order over completed in the sail making lino in tba colony, and lins been finished in eleven working days. Tho prise in round numbers is £640. Blond in's effects were sold on Tuosday, in the ' Doma'n. The canvas realized £42, and tho wood I work very good prices 