^m®mSAGBIGULTE2M. r- j(?^mOTTO'smOorre«poiidka.t3 , ? i, o l ? -Paris - Ubvepaber 29. i 'It'^nay1 seem «trange io jmany jtb lie int«^ed;that the agricultural world i»: .-jKnnceJis organising.a crusade against the reprehensible practice of aliowing lands |o lie in fallow, The evil is more genera} than might be supposed, and is limitH-to ^oiparticplar disfoict j if it does not' pro gress neither does ifretrograde. Perhaps -we are abeut where -Young' iound us. This state of things is not creditable ; the system does not enrich the soil, but .im poverishes the fanner, and yet it exists despite the lessons of science, conclusive examples, and against even the good sense of those who adopt it.. , In. other respects .the agriculture of i'rance has made rapid siridesin the way of progress. The obstinate adherence to the triennial rotation, two grain crops succeeding a year's fallow, is attributed to deficiency of capital; which does not allow of the farmer maintaining stock— that is, to have a supply of manure; to the pro prietors, who consider their interest to lie in the cultivator not taking as much as he can judiciously from the soil, but: ' in ? bis not using out ; the land; to, leases which stipulate that a 'faUbV shall 'be adopted ; but perhaps the principal cause may be traced to routine. According to reliable calculations, the fallow syaj&m; entails a loss, of 75 francs per acre ; and per contra, were this sum expendedon manures -alone there would be a net gainof 90 francs per acre Instead/-f a loss.- Market-gardening is the essence of the TOtaMbn. principle; plants there are alternated with' judgment and ' are rf^ell manured. . What Would such a cultivator ihinbif -he were«dvised ^to leave ^ plojt untilledfor ». twelvemonth? : ^Taturally. li;e would ^.latighy -and why ? Because he is ^idw&Sr; manure? repair all breaches jnade,in lihe .Jfertiiitk of his. allotment. 'A copious feast secures more 'true repose ior the^soil than a i.yeat!a. jsleep., JSpf.-? Weir, since farmers feel foreign competi tion excludes/: them from the wool .-and grain markets, and that the price of iaeat is ^ironically on^ihe^increase, th© neces sjity. pi /cifltiyftting forage and;' root- .crops is ? producing converts, by . thai pipst eloquent and-mildest of -reasons to yhich' we all submit^-self-interest. v i ;:..-.? ' ; The^politicalagitationH which ebb and -flow like the tide, and unhap^pHy nearly ^rregu%rly, are^telling on the position of the .agricultural laborers, not, only , by compeUing ? the farmers- to ', practice economy, but rendering manr^acturing operations so insecure that no work can 1 be found in th&4»wns. In. the centre of France, ?where the, farm laborer is best paid, '-4^; wages f during the winter, or 's]torfc mpnths/'aYe about 46 jfraoes, or eq^ .to. .on^B .'tranc and; three-quarters per day. Supposing^ he has a wife and two1 children, the conBumptipn of bread for the family may be estimated rat six poundadaily, which, at the price of one frwic ^per four pounds, .nearly absorbs all he earns. :, -B arm servant^ ^^in Prance are engaged at two seaBons of the year- rrSt. John's Dayand All Saints ; the former is the more important^ as the wages paid for the period of four months are about the same as are given for the -remaining eight. Onft%e two holidays in 'question the^bpysand/girls assemble in the .market squarjes of the Various towns to be hu^,; the .young women; carry a bouquet in ^heir corsage, and the lads a ribbon in a button- hole of their coat to indicate they are open to every el^jible offer* Now the first of this month the bflfera were ex jceptionally superior to the demands ; {fathers, snspecting hard times to be looming, recommended those of their jchildren who were suitable, to relieve [the'.hive by seeking employment. Unfor tunately, on. the' other side, thefarmer [had -made his, calculations in a similar spirit, for simple John Hodge, the worst of Governments is that under which hef snffers hunger and can procure no workv:* '. .I-,..' ' i . - : ; '?. ' '''//' ; '-.. Why cannot capital be as easilv in yested-in working a farm as in carrying on a factory ? It is said the inability to clearly draft a deed of partnership^ the' impossibility of conducting^ simple and intelligent system, of bookkeeping, , by which the capitalist can comprehend at a glance how the money goes, are the chief, obstacles. The success^ after six years' trial, obtained by M; de Sajnt- Prdjet, in his ^-lan .of applying the' principle of. co operation to the Mlgfo^a^esyBtem, merits attentive' consideration. In the. -south, the \esfc and the1 centre of France, is compnsea the MeT»yage region'; that is to say,' where the landed proprietor con tributes rmore. or less. of the stock and ahar^l .the produce with the cultivator, yorproprietots whose occupations or tastes prevent; their, living near their lands; ttieM^teyage plan possesges.serious drawbacks. TPo ameliorateit would include a socs^i, as well as an-agricultural benefit. Co-operation, jso far , as ffHTwing is con cerned, . is but a ' new nime f or an old icustonu -'?; -M..' - -de : Saint-^rojet 1al£-]ttedi jthree different portions of bis Estate, toi ?yhat are; called 4s inany ^** colonies,' or; ^oupsVpfrj families. : ' Jp. this case each; family consistediof four ,able bodied in-i ielligent men, their wives, and children. A deed w^s drawn up wherein he gua ranted fjied ireniuneration in money or in kind, r^and a share iii net profits; He supplied them with the capital' to pur chajse .their' share of the stock, charging them 5 per cent, interest. Theadvancg has been repaid during the fourth year in cash,' and ithe value of Hhe live and dead stock enhanced loir mutual benefit. Where formerly such; families but vegetated, they now-live.1 ? Hairing ^experienced the attraction, o| acquired- property, the taste to additb ty has' been developed. . Where there was want plenty now reigns, and if $hB famiKes so desire they can realise the wish of Henri IV.^tp.Bee a fowl -m Jhe pot every Sunday. Instead of dreaming of immigration to the town, the families have become more attached to the country. Marriages have been contracted as pros perity increased} and; happiness was only augmented the more they became fruitful. Thirty years ago the milk daily sup plied to Paris arrived from a distance of 30 miles ; to-day the milk for . the capital is transported over an average distance of 90 miles, and a little as far us 120 miles. .„' The city consumes abont one quarter of a million quarts of milk daily, which is retailed at six sous the. quart, having been purchased originally but for two.?' The 'unsold miHr. is made -into white 4jhpese, more or , less rich— clouted cream ina word'. The milk is forwarded to Paris every night by train, and is a mjapture of 'the morning's with the jevenu^vS -»^yifr?^g- To - preserve the former feesVfor, |? hourg, i* is placed in specialyessels which are plunged into a water bath, t and Seated to 206 degrees— eyer under the boiling point j the vessels ate then taken out,-. pLinged in cold spring water till the afternoon, when the contents are mixed, in-common, with the evening's milk in .an immense tub,, with a strainer inside, and then rapidly run off into the cans, which are at once covered down, tied, sealed to prevent Iraud, and in this state reach Paris at 2 in the morning. The wholesale dairyman's profit is about one centime, less than a farthing, per quart, and the average expenses of . . collecting and transporting the milk, is nearly equal to its prime cost.- In Switzerland farmers are making fortunes by selling milk to the various ' condensing'3 ''companies, and Danish agriculturists . are likely to find a market for fresh butter in tins. One of the oldest and most important beet factories inS)cance is that of Bourdon, at Moritferrand. It works up 360 tons of beet in the day, which is purchased at the rate of 16 francs per ton, the pulp being sold at i2 francs. The yield of sugar varies from five to five and a-half per cent. Upwards of 22 tons of. molasses are daily distilled, 200 lbs. of which yield' 25 quarts- of alcohol, and -the residue, when evaporated, produces from 10 to 17 per cent, of potash.' ;53ie country round is very rich— more feittile than the 'Iblackiianda' of. Susaia.-^ jffepure is rarely employed, therfarmers alleging it injakes no difference in the -yield.: ?- WHeat and beet is the notation followed. The wheat is peculiarly rich' in gluten, and is in ^request for making macaroni. , ?_' The return of beet is^Oltans to the acre, and the rent of the latter varies from 70 to 120 francs. , The factory only employs oxen for draught purposes, of which 500 are in request, 'half 'that number' Tieing' annually fattened for4he market. ;: jMuch attention is being directed to guano and chemical manures, s with the jiew' of escaping imposition; ,:Interme-' diary, -dealers in commercial. mapiures are rapidly disappearing, as farmers are' pur chasing directly- ^at Uh.e genuine depots. Tjhe feeling is. spreading that the p'roduc- : tion of beef and mutton must be, the ' sheet anchora'' henceforth for French farmers. There is an increase in efforts' .for the breeding and' rearing of horses of - a! useful ratlier -thanof an ornamental: kind. The. additional tax on salt vexes; farmers, whoiempltfyja good deal; of it' blither as amappetiserifor stock than as a ibnic for 4he soil; and although a, philp- - st-pher considers salt detrimental to vege- '? tation because it killed off some of. his- Hdney beans, in a fktwer-pot^ ^gricultu- . rists accustomed to employ it as a stimu lant will not be easily frightened into, giving it up. , ', ; The phyUpxera continues its ravages on the ;Tine. It is monarch of all :it surveys ; its power can be jneasured by the ruin which it causes. Thesulphuret pf-carbon has been voteda remedy worse than the ^disease, :~Hincl it1 is proposed to' ifegene^j^/I^ench vineyards by acclima tising si^ipj^'inpm the T^ZjnTiaAmericati vine. Mr iPJanchen has j&fournBfl; from ^he States wiih^sjpecimens of an acarqa,? having the: property of pursuing^ k*iing,L ind eating :the phyJioxera. The^ little^ strangers *ire_ doubly welcome, and i£ they do -their work: we will bring them across the Atlantic as first-class passenp gers, and atpng^rench railways in sleep--, ing cars. .;'. ' /i r .'. ' -' . ; f; '?? ^ Ck--OFSBA3XVE F^smisg. — Oo-opei»tivfi farm ing has, it seemjB, already commenoei . in the United States, and bo 6tr, says the JTcio Fori ; Tribune, It Is veiy aupoessfuL S'6r inJBtance, ; the best and principal :part of- t^ie cheese ^ro daced in the country is :made fcyiihe co-opera- ? ?tive plan, whether -the farmers sell thiBitmilkji; -' or pot in their niflfc and receive ^hek pay in ; dividends when the Cheese is sold, ipr bothJ methods areadopted. Country metchantB have now almost'eeased to bny cheese, and well it is' that they have done sit, fortthey aremthont the proper means of taking care of it ; many ef them are such poor business men, or they Uaver so little capital, that they cannot afford to pay what cheese is worth ;-and formerly when they dealt in it many of them failed. , Bntteris^ also; made .in factories | in 'the' same way; ' anii even when- madia in families it is bought by special dealers, who take it at the house and pay cash for. it 'Tiiis is of great advantage to' the dairy farmer, for he is able to pay cash for whatever he may need, and he can trade when; he ukes^ If progrees is made with like Bucoess in this manner for a few years, the country merchant will bny neither . fruit, hops, nor' vegetables, and he will «ell bat few groceries or farm machinery, for these can be iought is: they now are in many sections at 'wholesale. Grjdn could be sol5.by this farmers, of a town ship, or disMct at wholesale and at better prices than, they now get lathe retail way, and buyers can -afford to pay' better prices^ for this way of doing Wanness drops out, ^rst, the country merchant ; second, the . small - dealer, making two middlemen, and; of 'epoise; their profits are furedinthe fanner.,/ '^ \ V; ';; ' '.'????'??-? Every one who attempts to get a hearing for important questions 'before ; they reach; tie ^*bunHngw.Btag«-i8-loingia good work, and: the letter addressed by Mr. Jeffenes ,to~th^ Times on the*fiuture of farming*' is aa attempt of -this kindS Ko one can deny that all .the .data from which Mr. Jefferles starts: are atrictlyias certained, and sooner or later we shall have to faeejthe qaestion to which they give rise. It is perfectly true that England is every year b£. somtng.siece and morajHiexclaaiyely meat pro ducing country, and yet, from the steady rise in the j-rice of 'meat, from the .extreme fieasi bility of ike Hjwrket to alight dis^nrbaiices, and fronjt)tlrer%igms,it is evident that ihe supply has a difficult iniceepingpaoe with the demand, and that Mr., jefferles is not unduly alarmist in Ids' view that J*if the population should, cbn :tinue toincrease in its present ratio, the margin between an inadequate supply and a partial iainine would be very small indeed.' And the difficulty _of increasing, preduotioa is, as he , rightly points out,' not a question of the cpndi- ! idons of land tenure, however it stay be the fashion to refer It tffthis. More meat means ' in the present high-pressure days simply more ? artificial food, andOmore artificial food means - more artificial manttre j_and 'supposing;' as he says, 'that compensation for unexhausted im-i provements .was the rule, and ^supposing un limited capital was ready to invest,' where then would the artificial food and artificial manure in such enormous quantities be obtainable ? The present sources would simply materially, raise -their price,' eo that the influx of capital would fee Dalasced. Mr. JeffeneB'a solution — or rather his hope for a solution— lies in the pro ductive powers of our colonies'. It may yet come to pass, he thinks, that these yast unin habited regions may produce some vegetable in quantities sufficient to feed the stock of the future, or some mineral manure with power -to treble the amount of bur homo crops of cattle food. Even this, however, leaves still open a ' question which we £bink will one day demand serious attention. ~What is the effect of the high-pressure system of cattle breeding on the character of the meai? Has it not already tended (as we ourselves believe to be the case), and must it not tend still more in theiuture-tbl a degradation of the quality, or, in other words, ? \o a -diminution of the nutritive, properties of the meat, whiah will be by np meaBS opmpen sated -by .the increase in quantity? If increasing plenty is to be balanced by ointmuons degene ration, we do not really get nearer to the tiol^ tkm'to the problem o? lheat supply. -^PaJ{ Mali Budget, ''-?'? 