TELEGRAPHIC SUMMARY. London, September 4. The mismanagement of the Pacific mail service excites serious misgivings hero. _Tho London agents have for two months declined to book passengers through to' Australia. According to letters of complaint in tho ' Times' the San Fran cisco agents refused to endorse tho railway tickets of nassemrers from Australia per Tartar, although they had prepaid their fares to Liverpool. 11ns involves great hardships, and some were com pelled to pawn watches and other valuables to get on, and others are still detained in America. From explanations it appears London and Ameri cau agents had warned tho company's repre sentatives in Australia that, unless the funds to pay the transit across the States and tho Atlantic passages were remitted, they could not guarantee passengers going forward. The agents' letter was acknowledged, but no money sent ; an ofi'or was made to tho Governments of Sydney and New Zealand to tako over the contract, and continuo tho service in consideration of an extension of time, and other advantages. An M.P., writing to the ' Times,' suggests that self-supporting colonies should bear the expenses of vessels of the Imperial Navy cruising in their waters. It is the practice of the Dutch colonies, and the Press generally think it worth imitation. The sloop Sappho is to be immediately commis sioned for service on tho Australian station. The Colonial Secretary has ngroed to act as arbitrator between British Columbia and the Dominion for the settlement of tho disagreement respecting the terms of the unimi, and both Governments have agreed to accept his decision as final. Mr Henry Holland has resigned tho Assistant Under-Secretaryship of the Colonies, and is the . Conservative candidate for Midhurst. In his address to the electors he strongly advocated a closer connection between England and the colo nies ns advantageous to both. After his return from Ireland, Sir Gavan Duffy visited Lord Carnarvon. ? At High Clerc, William Hopgood, a Tichborne witness, was sentenced to ono' year's imprisonment for bigamy. The claimant's late secretary applied for a sum mons against Mary Ann Loader for perjury. The application was referred to the Court of Queen's Bench. Mr Sothern has relinquished the idea of visiting Australia. Tho project is revived- for erecting a permanent building for colonial exhibits. . Mr Childers was nominated chairman of the' Great Western Railway hi. Canada. A prolonged discussion lisa taken place in Lon don papers relative to emigration* principally to Canada. . . A Bohemian has published in the ' Times' some doleful letters' on his experiences and observations in the United States and Canada!,- which elicited replies from Mr Edward Jenkins,- Rev. Mr Herring, and other promoters of emigration. A Philadelphia Society, established to assist Englishmen in distress, recommends temporary suspending emigration to America, and is helping hundreds to return. The cruel misrepresentations of agents in England are' strongly denounced ; artisans especially are warned against' leaving England ; the quality of men sent out is much . complained of in Canada. The ' Times' pronounces against Canada on account of tho severity, of climate, and recommends New Zealand and Tas mania in preference, yet large cargoes are' SHill being shipped oft'. 500 laborers and families tiit last week ; and the agricultural strike having collapsed, Mr Arch threatens wholesale deportation' to Canada.- Mr Taylor, the secretary, has gone over on a tour 'of 'inspection. Irish emigration has greatly declined.- 130 immigrants from Shet land have left in the steamer Schiller, for New Zealand. Tho deceived emigrants have just returned from Brazil to Berlin in a wretched condition. A resolution was passed! for wihding-up the Blinman Consolidated Copper Mining Company. Tho Van Diemen's Lund Company havo decided to construct a tramway through Emu, by loch. Tallerman's Meat Agency Company has declared anotbar dividend of 10 peT cent. The labor market still remains in a highly in flamed condition. The wages question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affecting 40,000 persons, after lasting eight weeks, was terminated on August 2G by submission to the master's terms. On the same day, at a meeting of 13,000 slato quarrymen near Bethesda,- it was agreed to accept the concessions of Lord Penrhyn, subject to the dismissal of two obnoxious agents. The minimum weekly wage is 303. to skilled men. These conditions being refused, the men' have cleared out. their tools from tho quarry. The miners of Fifesliire and Clackmannan having re fused to submit to a reduction of 15 per cent., the masters have decided on a general lock-out. The' men. however, have not Screed : 2100 voted for resistance, and 1154 for acceptance ;3300 have not votedi A secession from the Union is probable. In West Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire, and Durham, notices of a reduction have been given by colliery owners, and a similar movement is impending in Northumberland; The Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of reduction to arbitration in London, and tho decision affirmed demands of employers for 12£ per cent, abatement.- Some Leicestershire miners have struck against reduction of 6d. per day. After a protracted resistance and several conferences, the South Wales miners agreed to a 10 per cent, reduction on condition that wages are not again lowered the present year. The bulk of locked-out labourers have obtained work, without surrendering tickets, at improved wages. . Many aged men, however, by joining the Union will- -have to enter the workhouse. Tha lock-out lasted eighteen weeks ; 870 returned to work without giving up tickets, and about 400 are still unemployed* ?' , . : The pilgrim band finally broke up at Halifax, only 21 of the original 100 remaining at Bradford. About £700 was cleared ; they remain in Scotland till November. On his return from Iceland the Danish King visited Edinburgh, where he received an enthu Biastic welcome ; a floef of fourteen steamers went out to escort the Royal party, and the city was gaily decorated in their honor. Tho'Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to Copen hagen. The Prince of Waled meanwhile has figured in a series of festivities at Plymouth, to celebrate the opening of tho new Guildhall, cost ing £60,000 ; on one day there was a grand Free masons' demonstration, and on the dosing day a military ceremony and performance of the ' Creation' at Guildhall. The Prince arrivod at Marlborough House on1 the 22nd, and during the day visited tho EmprosB of Austria. The Prince and Princess of ttoumania, and Prince of Austria and tho five Royal childron, left the same day in the Royal yacht Osborne for Copenhagen. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, after being banquotted at Brussels, reachod Folkestone on August 20, on their return from a Continental tour. °The town was decorated, and an address of welcome presented. They have sin«o boon at \ *.-..... ... *...**-*+. - -* '? — -?'-- '-? '' ♦?* Balmoral, and on tho 28th tho Duko^Tf^ i to Liverpool for several days. ' y ^ H The Imporial Prince and Prihci™ nin H left Ryde on August 24 onavov^ *12?7 I Continent. The Prince of Wala ^wentt bVv ' 1 a week later to bo present at the eonhtl * I the Impend Prinoe'MldMtMn on 2fi V* 1 He , will accompany the Emporei ? to Z^t I military manoeuvres at Hanovor from 13th Z& 1 The Austrian Emperor has arrived is Us, i j 1 incite to join the Express at tijjfj I inloinf1^018 aPP°hltCd Fr^AmbS&iaw; I Two new Bishops, St. Davids and (Wm I Africa, wero consecrated on Au»ual pJit, -' I Westminster Abbey, by tho ArchilTbh p , & I terbury. ' ' U1- e Mr Gladstoncj in his letter to the 'OiubI1 i I denies the statement industriously propa-aS't I the Queen had endeavored to influence his cf I fion Bill r°g t0 thD Publi0 *«4il8 I The reversal by tho Doan of Ardua oi «,« I Bishop of Exeter's judgment in tho Exek rW 1 dos case excites much interest in clerical cinT I An appeal is announced to1 tho Judicial S 1 Tho break-up of the Aototeo monarchy ii I quickly following the English victory ? the iZ I Dynabin and Bucqua having declined to'rZ I their homage to King Coffee, he 1ms appealed W I tho British Administrator at Cifpb Coast M, I for assistance. Tho situation1 & fortu, I complicated by a report that tho fibstile kiira I have been promised support by the chiefs of Akin I and Denkera. Captain Loes having M to 1 Coomassie to mediate has been well received 1 Lieutenant Comer in a letter to.tho'Foreira 1 Office declares that the slave trado still flonriahei I iu a belt of jungle villages about a week's w& 1 from the East Coast, and to destroy this traffic h I recommdhd3 the construction of a railroad trim' I Bagomoys to Ujiji, under the protection of Euro pean Commissioners and 1000 or 2000 soldiers Mr Gladstone, as a shareholder in tho Metro' politan Railway Company, has written to tha' chairman recommending more moderate fares ail tbe substitution of two classes of paBsen»era lor three. To minister to the wants of the Vmltrt number he regards the wise3t policy. There are indications of a revival of Eercl courage and unity ; three domonstratwD! have taken place at Froine, Brighton, and Sheffield at which place spirited addresses were delivered by Messrs. Goschen, Fawcett, and Muhdelk, wlo spoke sanguinely of tho future, and confidently of Mr Gladstone's continued leadorship. Professor Tyndali (president) delivered the in' E augural address before tho BrttiBh Association tfci m main thesis being that matter is the ultimate K source of all thingSj' and its 'own just cause j Ij R demanded absolute liberty f6i? scientific investigii K tion, and the submission of religious ttedfieJ ? schemes, and systems to it3 decision ; hV mi I afterwards 'ably supported by P'rdf&sor; Hnilev. I The Welsh national Eiseddsfod has been htld ? at Bangor, and attracted an immense aiiilieric'j. B The Bishop of Bangor presided. A* Welsh .oraliot' m was delivered by Mr Morgan Lloyd, Itf '. In tha' K choral competition for forty guineas and a gold E medal, the prizo was woh'by the Carnarvon Phil. E harmonic Society. A' Harp and' other gbat and' ? silver medals were competed' for.' It will be held 1 next year in Conway 6astl& . . K An association is being' formed' in' London b i prosecute Ritualistic clergymo'n tinder the'ilw Act. , An' exciting controversy,' iniiiiib,irt'o'the popu larity of the English Church,' lias been'provokei ' by the' refusal of clergymen, supported' by, the' Bishop' 6f Lincoln, to permit the wiira 'Rev!' to be inscribed on the tombstone of a' daughter o! a Wesleyan minister ; th.3 subject was' brought before the Conference during its recent aiuingjs: Archbishop Tait,- ''S. G. O.' of the 'Time's,1 »nd other correspondents conderan the bitter iitoler- i ance of the sacerdotal1 party. 8 The Henri- Martini rifle is about to be issued to' I the army without delay, and armch'estsarobeln^ 1 manufactured at Woolwich' sufficient fo' WA I 100,000 new Weapons. ' g The frightful increase of crimes 61 a bratat i character, especially kicking to death/ is provoking I an indignant outcry against the absurd' ksiency I of punishments inflidted,- and oven magistrctci I declare that savage' ferocity is gaining ground, and B must be met by repressive' 1'egTslatiori,- Flogging I for brutes is the public demand. _ I Cremation gains gronntr in European opinion/ I while in America German' societies are springing I up for burning tho dead; I On Saturday, August 22; the great hoaie'ry' I ?faietory of Messrs. Morley and Son, nearTotten-; g ham1,- was burnt down,- and; £±00,000' worth of I propbrty destroyed ; 600 persons wero throtfn out I of employment ; incendiarism' is Buspectsd. | Early 6n Sunday morning, MeiW. KichardWl 1 large paper mills, near Yarrow-on-Tyne, were con- I sumed, estimated damage, £40,000 ; on Monday; I an extensive-' conflagration occurred pi Sonthamp- I ton Docks, resulting in the destruction of a' range' I of buildings occupied by the Kcyal MailCompany,- g and used as workshops ; the loss amounts to I several thousand pounds'. On Tuesday a fire I broke out in tlie top floor of South prisoli. of I Glasgow, and the' Ai'iiVeS wfe're not subdued fill- tha 1 west wing was {;irM6il. On tli'6' 36th August,- I owing to the ignitio'n of thstchfed stacked bark, * B considerable part of the town of Market Hav I borough was burnt' (fawn; A- destructive lira ? occurred at Mr Gresty's tfm'b'er yard, Manchester, g the loss is £40,000/ Sir Arth'iir'..Gimmfcai I extensive porter stnre'3, at Shannohy Yaiborousn; I wer'6 totally destroyed by fire. . . I The' reconstruction of the Pantechnicon in eight I separate sections, provided with doirblo wrought- I iron ctodfs, is rapidly proceeding.- .',.?- I Pour lives wero Jost by a1 colliery explosion) . near Hariley,- caused by tbo exposure of ansJeit By an acfiitlent to' tbo Winding gear; at «W pi « mouth; rifc Broad Oivk Colliery,- in Wales; twenty men were confined in the' pit. Marly Wtf daw Two lives were' sacrificed by' a collision betweetf mineral trains. on the Rhymnoy Bjuway,' wa- Dowlas. One' fiea'vy train' dashed dVrtra. a , steetf incline into another standing at the atationy anu killed driver and stoker. , I A terrible tragedy occurred at tire Fnnees I Club, Manchester, on August 2&, where s ymtf I merchant named Bnrg«,-rfter shaking binds m B I another riamod M-Lean,- shot him dead and ftrt instantly slew himself,- to $ fit of temporary lnAf£T* fortnight's search; the My 4 g Wilton,- 0 roa'Ster of tfe City of Louden ScM lost on Snowdffff on Aiig'tet 1); was **»»?*$ foot, of a precipice.- . Another master was drowned atTho MeW aotk* and Harbbr a^j'** timated to the Gas Company that they _ hold *« responsible for the destruction -of the landin stage, through the carelessness of one of ft* ^eXb'ilian^^d^tote^f Earles' yard. The hull was designed by Mr Keen. She made * successful trial trip. , j; MrFugin continues his malipialit fl*'™* During a hearing at BoW-str ^oe P« 8^ £ brought again* tho proprietor d '&» ™D f Gazette,' a writ was served oir Horb^ fffo for criticising the management, of tbo wvuf 25,000 persons v the tields wore, excellent Saddlor has accepted a oteHmg* fto» » ^ Brown, of Nova Scotia, to ro^org'^ championship of tha world on Ootorar a, Coleraine, Ireland. *?. tfan AtfaMtf i In the iute-UniVersity race , on &* J« ££g , Aberdeen and Edinburgh, the former won / j 'i™ Treat, by hal£# length over Kosteovor; at OiroSoPrincesVbl^ales Plato was won by CranbTO and Wild Myrtfo -mm tho Oxford nlifro stakes, ,-'-? i ? ? ?» , . . A laics' cricket -,mfitcli has been 'played m Burks between two elevens, tho Nash laches m one innings scored 115 against ,86 of *hc« oppo nents' too innings'? one lady contributed --l ruas. 1874 is *'19 'Centenary o£ tho invention, of cricket A match at Brighton botweeb Sussex and Notts ended' in' a' decisive victory for Sussex. At tho regatta of the Royal Victoria YacJJfc, /?lub tho Commodore's Cup was won by, St; Ursula and tho Vice-Coinmocloro's prize b£,tho,| cutter Cythora. The Egeriaagatn won thc-i-nnec; of Wales's Chattengo Cup. .... ' OBitffABY.— AldeTman Challis, 'ilioutonant General Sir dr.mos Lindsay, Sic Coventry Payne, Sir John Walsham, .formeriy, Charity Com missioner; Baroness Bern^s, frofh a fell from. horseback; Karl Anuresley, very suddenly; Robert Sly, Uorse-trainw |-Lord Gordon, Ampncaa, iinDOstoraud swindlcr.'who committed suicide on his capture by the detectives-; Sir W. Wiseman, ?Sackwell Box, S. T. Fisher, railway manager ; Tad? Lees, Lsdy 'W. Russell, Vice- Admiral Castle, .sfr T J. Kemp, of Norfolk; Rev. F. C. Kwald, missionary among the Jews; Admiral .Chaigno.u, bv tho acci'dontal 'discharge of a rovolyec wlulo, , eloanitw*it ; Forcsdo t)e La Roquo t, cx-Bqnapartist Miutetfir; Rov. James Shore, prosecuted, by Bishop Phillpots twenty-five years ago, by a fall from his horso; Rev- H. iionkitia, of Oxford;; Sydney Dobell, poet; Frederick Morin, on the, BUffqf.'B»PBel'.; Lord Bellew's, sou and hoir Ity suicicle ; Mr Botty, forthorly known aa Young Roscius ; Kotfhy MdadoWs, artist; Hugh Glad stone, nephew of the exrPreinier ?; J. H. Foley,.. Bculptor, interred in §t. Paul's Cathedral 5 Garth Marshall, 6t Leeds, By 'falling ''into a 'crevice on Mount Blanc, and the Countess Mount Edg cumbe. t:. , .... .. . ,*.,.. .. ? ? ? . On tho 2Sth August, a sw,imrjing raco tor amateurs for' Iho'champiotiship of Kngland,' took; plaw at Welsh Harp, London. Six men swam ono mile in still wator, and H. Davenport won by_ 80 yards, in ~Sl minutes 9 seconds. At Huddersfield, Jupp's' cloven, with two in nings, were tjeaten by a team of twelve of Lascolles Hall in one innings, la a return match between Sussex arid Gloucestershire, tho, latter made 412 runs in one innings, and Sussex 438 in one innings and p'art $f a second. A. railway to tho. summit of Vesuvius is pro jected. Etna is in eruption. ? ....... .JSrigandage is assuming dangerous proportions, in Sicily. . . , ? .. ' Passengers' rates hayo ibeen raised oh tho ?American smd Canadian 'line, Freights will Mow. } 