Maryborough. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] June 10. The lawyers in this town have for a long time been grumbling at sundry poachers ou their pre- serves, unlicensed practitioners who not only drew up legal documents, for other people, but committed the additional oll'eiicc of doing tho work at considerably less than half tho regular price. The other day they caught one of these wicked people, and made him feel thu weight of their united indignation. Ho was clerk to a general dealer in town, au ex- auctioneer, and one of our much-respected uldormen. Tho offence was clearly proved. Hu .lind drawn up a transfer of some hind from ono person to another, and tho sum of ono pound was paid for tho document The dofenco was that the offender, a man named Perkins, wns tho servant of another mnn, and did not receive tho money. The evidence, however, established that, the malley waa actually paid to him, whoover got it afterwards. A good deid of interest was taken in thc case on account of tho individuals concerned. This Mr. Perkins had boen the municipal assessor, and in some of the angry newspaper correspondence concerning tho assess- ment he had distinctly denied that ho.was the clerk of one of the aldermen?Mr. Hutchins. In the case mentioned he swore ho was, and had been his clerk for tho last nine mouths. Boing nsked in cross-examination about his letter in thc Chronicle, he coolly said that the statement he had made in it wns a " naked lie," that it was told " for a purpose." This refreshing candour is somewhat unusual and is worthy of record. The JVviet recommended tho Council to elect Mr. Perkins to the post of Town Clerk, which was then vacant, on the ground that it would give the corporate body a sort of artistic complete- ness. As I understand, this action was taken by the lawyers at tho instance of tho Queensland hn\v Society, which seems to be a legal trades'union. Tho public generally do,not feel quite so lively au interest in the mainte- nance of legal fees at their present lovel as tho lawyers themselves ; but in this ease it was felt that the action was justifiable, ns it was proved in evidence that the person signing the transfer was laying himself open to mi action for dama- ges, ns ho had < really no propor interest in the .property ; and it is to bo supposed that a regu- lar practitioner would havo advised him not to« do such n thing. Somebody, I mu sure I cannot tell who, is guilty of causing sore disappointment to some worthy people here. It was generally under- stood that Dr. Vaughan mid the New:South Wales bishops were coming up here, and it was not till the arrival of the Courier, with the pas- senger list of thc Lady Young to Sydney, that they found they were mistaken. The men of tho gold escort that came down from Gympie last week were fully expecting to escort the rev. gentlemen up to that town of gold reefs and moribund gold-mining companies. Perhaps, though, thoir reverences wero share- holders, and a visit to the grave pf thoir departed hopes would have been too painful, and they could not well have como to Maryborough mid not gone on to Gympie. The building of a new wing to tho hospital is progressing fast. I nm glad to say that the number of patients seems to ho steadily dimin- ishing, and the typhoid fever has gone alto- gether, lt was often a source of remark last summer what a large proportion of the German and Danish "new chinns" .wore sick; thoy nearly filled the hospital. These people, although new comers, were nearly all in tho second year of their residence, mid might, therefore, be supposed to be partly acclimatised. These northern races are usually supposed to bo very hardy and capable of enduring great vicissi- tudes of climate. I fancy that their sickness i3 partly caused by the enfeebling effect bf the overcrowding, bud food, and long voyages pf the Hamburgh- emigrant ships. This would, no doubt, rendel* them liable to disease until their constitution recovered its tone.. Another cause may help to produce the eli'ect. They are, as is well known, exceedingly frugal in their habits, and from what I seo of them in towoi here, I should'judge they carry their frugality a little too far. I notice that they crowd theil* houses in au extraordinary mininer. One family will tike a small four-roomed cottage, and in the nar- row space they will take two or three different sets of lodgers. Indeed, it is evident that many of them must save and serape to a wonderful extent, because they will bo found iu possession of an amount of property which can only have been obtained in so short a time by the sternest self-denial. The Corporation are always earning new laurels. They have just excited a fresh outburst of popular indignation by a sliameless joh perpe- trated for the purpose of getting the brother of one of the aldennen into a billet of £250 a year. In order to accomplish this, they amalgamated the offices of Town Clerk und wharf clerk, inducing the holder of the latter post, a gentleman who has been in the corporar tion service for eight years, and is a most able and trustworthy orficinl, to resign, by giving him numerous private promises that he would be elected to the combined offices. When the elec- tion took place the alderman's brother was elected, and the Mayor and three of the alder- men, who were not "in" to this particular joh, were ' highly indignant; one resigned on the spot, aud I hear the other three have done the same. This, 1 hope, will be the beginning of the end?and I hope that the rate- payers will take 'steps this time effectually to prevent a recurrence of past scandals. The affair I have just mentioned will, I expect, spoil another little arrangement which the aldermen had completed. It seems that the Mayor of Brisbane has very politely invited them to the opening of the Brisbane Bridge, and they imme- diately met and resolved that three of the num- ber should go, their expenses to be paid out of the Corporation funds. The bazaar in connection with the Bonum Catholic Church opened this afternoon. Tho brass baud parading the town with a banner displaying the word "bannar," held solemnly over their heads, announced the fact Paying the Temperance Hull a visit, 1 found the usual style of bazaar stalls, and the usual array of nicely dressed young ladies ready to make all mankind their prey, lt is true that when I saw them the bazaar had just opened, and tho stall-holders seemed just as much afraid of their customers us the customers evidently wero of them. But this sort of feeling is only temporary, lt is "like the momentary fear of a kitten when it sees its first mouse, and soon gives way to the instinct of rapacity which sends the little animal with stretched claws and waving tail creeping after the very object which nt first excited its terror. lu this particular bazaar the stall-holders will be merciless, lt is for church purposes, and the odour of sanctity will attach to the most bare-faced swindles perpetrated on the occasion. I told you on u previous occasion that thc gentlemeu appointed us trustees of tho reserves had begun to ornament thnt on tho river bank. They are doing this with great taste, and forming flower-beds, as well as planting trees- and bushes. One side of this reserve abuts on a row of old buildings still used as public offices, and a paling fenco divides the two. This fence has two or three gates in it, leading to the Lauds aud Works Office, and also one giving a back entrance to ? tho depot. This last gate is locked, and the key' kopt by the Police Magistrate, who is Immigra- tion Agent; and thc gate is used by him to let ladies, wanting to hire female servants, pass into the girls' quarters without traversing the front yard, which is generally crowded with rough-looking mid rough-spoken male im- migrants. I must also tell you that one of the officials here, a very old resident and very fond of gardening, is one of the trus- tees ; and the others generally leave the arraugemeut of most of tho details to him. He caused a continuous bed to be formed along the fence I have mentioned, leaving openings into all the offices except tho depot.. Now between these two gentlemen, I am sorry to say, there docs not exist that harmony which ought to reign in their exalted sphere. So the lnimigru tion-Agent protested to the gardener,..mid the latter replied by planting, under orders, a young tree in front of the gate. Another protest ac- companied by a threat of walking straight over anything growing there resulted in the gate, also under orders, being nailed up. Now . the Immigration-Agent gives tho trustees so ninny days' notice thnt he will assert his rights vi el annis, which, being trans luted, means with nu Aiuericru axe and a cross- cut saw. Tho gossips are regularly delighted over this little storm in a teacup, and I repeat it to your readers so that they may judge what petty things the prevailing monotony of the place drives people to do, and what small trifles the public take interest iu. 