ABOUT CIGARS. (From the New York Times.) There is a great deal more in the choice of a cigar on account of its outside appearance than one not accustomed to it would sup- 1 pose. A wrapper which has that which the Cubans call calidad makes the cigar much stronger than one which does not possess it. That is to say, that the wrapper which has calidad contains more essential oil than one wn icq lias none, ihe presence or the essen tial oil is denoted by an abundance of small pustules on tbe surface of the leaf and by a general, rich oily appearance. The value of cigars does not increase in direct ratio to their size, for owing to tlio difficulty in get ting good wrappers for the larger hinds, the expense of their manufacture is much in creased. Upon one occasion in Harannah, a manufactory received an order for a thous and cigars -intended for a present for tho Queen ot Spain's husbaod, Don Francisco de Asis, wbich he agreed to make for £200. They were delivered in duo time, and packed in a richly mounted cpdarchost, were Bent to tbe royal recipient. They were mag nificent cigars, of the cazadorffi (huntsmen) or longest size, all of the came colour, and so smoothly made as to look as if they had been turned out of hard wood instead of made of rolled tobacco. They were placed on exhibition for a few days before they were sent to Spain, and a gentleman who saw them, wishing to make a present to some dignitary, asked the manufacturer to make him a like number at tbe same price. To bis surprise, the order was refused. The manufacturer said he could not do it for the money. His explanation was that it was not the actual cost of the tobacco and the labour of making them; but it was on account of the trouble and expense met with in selecting the wrappers. He said he had to pick over thousands of hales before Le could secure a sufficient number of the pro per length, colour, and fineness. Sume two years ngo there was a story of a Cuban cigar-dealer in Broadway, who selected cigars for his more favoured customers by ear. It wbb said that he put the cigar to his ear and listened inteutly for a moment, and by the cracking of the tobacco was en abled to judge of its quality. This was a good advertising dodge, but in practice it was all nonsense. None but that wily Cuban ever heard of such n mode of trying a cigar. In tbe island of Cuba that which we call a cigar is called a tolaco (a tobacco), and when it is required to discriminate be tween the manufactured and the unmanu factured article it is called tobaco toreido, or rolled tobacco. This, however, is only neces sary when used in the plural. In Mexico a cigar is called a pv.ro, and in Peru and some of the other Spanish-American counties it is called a cigarro puro in contra-distinction to the cigarro dt papel or cigarette. Cigarettes in Cuba are called cigarros, and their con sumption is enormous. Strange as it may appear, there are eome confirmed smokers in Cuba who never use cigars at all, but con fine themselves to cigarettes. To tbe New Torker it looks curious to see a great bearded man smoking a tiny cigarette ; and indeed were be to smoke bis cigarette as tho New Torker would smoke his cigar, it would be labour lost so far as getting any effect from the tobacco was concerned. But the cigarette smoker inhales the greater part of the smoke — it goes directly into his lungs and into contact with a large surface of mucous membrane, and indeed into the blood itself. Were the New York cigar smoker to smoke a cigarette in tbe same way, it would make him so giddy that he would be compelled to give it up long before it was consumed. Tbat the smoke does go into the lungs is proved by the fact that a cigarette-smoker can inhale the smoke and inhale it again after drinking a glass of water. The wholesale price of domestic and imported cigars in New York are about as follows per thousand : — Domestic all Ameri can tobacco, from 8 dol. to 40 dol. ; domestic, part American and part imported tobacco, 85 dol. to 75 dol. ; domestic, all imported tobacco, 50 dol. to 140 dol. ; imported, from 45 dol. to 5270 dol. This is not a fair quota tion, however, for the only cigars sold at 45 dol. are theDamae, which are very email. An imported cigar of the average size costs about 140 dol. to 175 dol. The imported cigarettes are sold at about 156 dol. per thousand packages. A few Manilla cigars and cheroots are sold in New York ; their price at wholesale is from 55 dol. to 75 dol. Connecticut, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Missouri, and Wisconsin furnish the tobacco used by the cigar- makers in the United States — the first-named tbe beat, and the last the poorest. The following statement, clipped from a contemporary, is given for what it is worth : — 'The present annual production of to bacoo on the globe has been estimated by an eminent English writer at 4,000,000,000 lbs. Suppose it all made into cigars, 100 to tbe pound, it would produce 400,000,000,000. Allowing this tobacco, unmanufactured, to coBt, on the average, 10 cents a lb., we have 400,000,000 dol. expended every year in its production. At least one and a half times as much more is required to manufacture it into a marketable form, and dispose of it to the consumer. If this be so, then the human family expend every year 1,000,000,000 dol. for one of its so-called petty vices. Something like a Pointer.— A gentle man has a thoroughbred pointer dog which is eaid to be the most effioient animal of its bind. It never lets any chance slip by it. The other day, as it was trotting along the street, its master observed that it ran np the front steps of a house, and pointed dead at the door-plate. He whistled, but the dog refused to budge an inch. Upon going up to see what tbe matter was, he found that the door-plate bore the name of ' A. Part ridge.' Strange Homtcide. — The little German settlement of Breslau, Suffolk county, L.I., on the line of the South Side railroad, was thrown into a fever of excitement on Mon day, as the facts attending a strange homi cide in the village the evening previous gained circulation. Early on Sunday even ing a party of six sat down to play a game of cards in the saloon of Nicholas Heil, among them the proprietor of the place, and Andrew Muller. About nine o'clock August Kelleman entered the saloon, carrying an Enfield lifle in his handp,and this he passed to the wife of the proprietor, asking her to keep it for him. He then turned to leave the place, telling her as he went out not to give the gun to any one, as it was loaded. About ten o'clock he returned, this time apparently nnder the influence of liquor, llie rest ere interested in a game of cards, and they, too, ware note or lees affected by ? - liquor. Kelleman asked immediately for his gun, and as no one volunteered to bring it to him he searched for it himself, and found it at last where it had been put away by Mrs. Heil. With it be passed through the store to the room where the others were seated, and leaning against the bar levelled it at those at tbe table. All remarked that it was dangerous amusement, to wbich he replied that he guossed he could look after himself. The rifle was then brought down tbe hip and cocked, Kelleman remarking as ho did uo, ' look out now, fellows, for this gun is loaded sharp.' He was standing a- this time within a few feet of the table, and the words' had hardly been uttered before the gun was discharged. It would seem that Muller turned round at Kelleman'* remark, and, as he did so, received the full charge in the neighbourhood of the left tem ple. The left side of his head was almost entirely blown off, and his brain was scat tered over the walls and ceiling. — N. Y. Tribune. A Man* TTangf.d by Women. — Trindad (Colorado), 9th February. — About ten days afrn a woman by the nunie of Molly Howard eamn here from Las Animas, and took up her residence iu a small hut within sight ol our post-ofiieo. At the same time a man arrived, who claimed to come from Califor nia. This man was en American. He was lame in one foot, having had his toes frozen, and was only able to wear a boot on one of his feet. He was of sandy complexion, medium height, heavy set, with a very bad face. He lived in a small hut with four or five Mexican men. On Saturday morning last the town was thrown into a state of great excitement by the report that Molly Howard was found in her house murdered. On entering the cabin in which the crime was committed a sickening sight was pre sented. The poor woman lay across the bed, dead, with tho loft side of ber head smashed to a jelly. On the forehead was a gash two inches in length, on her chin two ugly bruises, and on her throat the imprints of finger-nails were visible. The opinion was that the deed was done by Mexicans. The coroner took charge of the body end em pannelled a jury. The stranger referred to was arreBted on suspicion, as well as a big Mexican named Pedro Lucero. This man Lucero is a desperate character. The Cali fornian, Lucero, another Mexican, and a negro were all held to await tho decision of the coroner's jury. The coroner gave per mission to bury the remains, and yesterday (Sunday) the late Molly Howard was taken to her last resting-place. About nine o'clock on Monday morning, groups of men witb revolvers gathered together. At about eleven the groups concentrated into one large crowd and proceeded to the coroner's office. Finding that the inquiry was over, they wended their way to the office of one of our justices of the peace. There they entered the building, and seizing the American tbey once more made their way down the street towards tbe river, followed by at least one hundred and fifty persons. At the river side a large cottonwood tree was sought and found, a rope thrown over a projecting limb, and fastened round a culprit's neck. He was then asked if he had anything to say, when he confessed to having killed Molly Howard because she owed him one dollar. He was then told he would be given ten minutes to make his peace with his Creator. He replied that he did not want to pray. A woman by the name of Moline then fastened another knot on the rope around his neck, the word is given, and she, with three other disreputable women, and in the presence of at least two hundred and fifty persons, Mexican and American, launched the mur derer into eternity. He died in about fifteen minutes. — Cor. N. Y. Sun. Death of an Old Celebrity. — An Irish man died lately in London, whose career and attainments entitle bim to a niche in the annals of literature. The deceased was about fifty years of age, and was as odd a figure as one could meet in a day's ride. He was small, but firmly knit, generally wore a white hat and dreBH coat, and always an old volume under his arm. He was a confirmed book-worm. Mezzofanti was hardly a more accomplished linguist. Mortimer was a graduate of the University of Dublin, and deeply versed in classic lore ; but he added a polish to his erudition by his intimacy with at leaBt a dozen languages. He spoke French, German, Russian, Polish, Spanish, Italian, modern Greek, Turkish, Arabic, Irish, and Danish with fluency. In his youth he had been cabin-boy in an American barque, and subsequently became a medical student in Paris, but had to leave it on ac count of his connexion with tbe June insur rection of '48. He was a very strong man, and utilised his strength by taking an en gagement as a Hercules in a circus in Aus tralia. By turns he gave lectures on Shak speare through Germany, was a Greek pro fessor at Hamburgh, had a troupe of Span ish ballet-dancers in Holland, and was a companion of Sir William Don, the baronet actor, in his wildest continental frolics. In his time he had been tutor to Charles Lever's children at Florence. He came to the sur face one day in the employment of Tom Thnmb ; another, in the company of Mur phy,' the Irish giant, who was a distant cousin. He had been in London since the Franco-Prussian war, which ruined him in fortune. Hia learning was of little profit to him, for he died very poor in a ward off a hospital, and ib buried in a nameless grave. Atrocious Mubdeb, and Fraud.— The Udderrook case, in which a man at first feigned death, and was afterwards really murdered, in order to defraud life insurance companies, will (the Philadelphia correspond ent of the Times writes) be remembered by your readers. Udderrook, one of the con spirators, who subsequently murdered his victim to carry out the plot, is now under sentence of death in gaol at WeBt CheBter, near Philadelphia. Another almost similar case of an attempted fraud aopn a life insur ance company by murder has arisen in Kansas, the conspiracy being disclosed by the confession of one of the murderers. McNutt and Winner were painters at Wichita, Kansas, where they murdered an employee named Baviers, last .December. McNutt, who was subsequently captured, has confessed that he got his life insured for 5000 dole., and that he and Winner planned to kill and burn some victims, whose body was'to be palmed off as McNutt's, so that the money could be collected and divided between them. When the plan was laid they lived in Kansas city, Missouri, where they intended to carry it out, but they finally determined to go to the smaller town of Wichita, in Kansas, whence their escape would bo UMb Hon they began tfca business of painting and soon built up a good I trade. The want of a victim for some time delayed the execution of the plot, but Winner finally went to Kansas city and employed Saviors to work for them. On his arrival at Wichita, they met him at the railway station, and took him to their ehop without any one knowing anything' about it. They firat made him drunk, and then administered other until he was unconscious. Then they put his face over the fire, and burnt it until it could not be recognised, and laid him on a bed saturated with petroleum. MoNutt then cut a gash in Winner's arm with a pair of scissors; and, opening a vein in Savier's arm, took out a quart of blood and sprinkled it over Winner, to make it appear that he had bled a great deal. McNutt then left, drop ping his vest and empty pocket-book at the back of the house, to make it appear as if thieveB had thrown them away, and going to Atchison he took -the railway train for Missouri. Winner then set fire to the build ing, which was burnt, and he reported that he was robbed, and McNutt killed and burnt. The story took for a few days, until Mo Nutt was recognised and arrested. This :s one of the most diabolical life insurance frauds that has yet been chronicled. The Smallest Chxldbe.v Alive. — A cor respondent of an American paper sends the following: — -Mrs. J. B. McCrunn, residing at No. 58, Parsons-street, Kalamazoo, Michigan, is tbe mother of twins eo small that they are a marvel of humanity, putting in shade all stories of Lilliputians ever heard of. One is a boy and the other a girl, and weigh together three pounds and four ounces. Tbey are perfect, and seem to be in good health. Their bed is a little paper box filled with cotton, and tbey are dressed in doll's clothes. The mother and children were doing well at laBt accounts. These children are the smallest living children ever heard of. They take food naturally, and make a noise very like young kittens. Quite a number of citizens have called to see these little wonders. A teacup will cover the head of either. Their hands are about the size of a bowl of a teaspoon, and tbeir bodies less than six inches long — the boy a trifle the larger. ' ' Out of his Beat.' — The Home News of April 17 says that the police courts sup ply some curious and instructive revelations of the infinite variety of professional careers in this vast ' man hive ' of London, as the Shah of Persia described it. We all know tbat the sale of oatsmeat is a speciality, and a considerable article of trade, engaging a large industry in itB preparation and its distribution. The catemeat man is a favourite character in the popular ballad, though we fancy of late years the romance of his profession is somewhat out of fashion with the comic minstrels of tbe musio halls and the streets. We are therefore glad to find that however prosaio it may have be come, his career is still a lucrative one, and subject to a very brisk competition. It ap pears from a case which came up before the magistrate at Lambeth that the profession of a catsmeat man has ite laws and customs, and its privileges and its prerogatives, its fees for admission and its bonds, like the bar or the church. A person cannot practice as a oatsmeat man without purchasing what is called a ' round,' which oonsists of a cer tain range of customers, and he has to enter into a bond not to practice beyond his round. In the case to which we are advert ing the prosecutor had sold a round for £120, or £20 more than the amount of the bond which is required of the member of an inn of court on his call to tbe bar. One day he met the prisoner beyond the round specified in the agreement, and brought an action for breach of covenant. A few days since he enoountered the prisoner again transgressing his agreement, and remon strated with him, whereupon the prisoner presented a loaded revolver at his head, with apparent intent to do him grevious bodily harm. The defence was that the re volver, although loaded in all the six chambers, was really a harmless weapon, bought as such of a pawn-broker. The magistrate, accepting the defence, dismissed the prisoner with a severe reprimand, and bocind him over in a surety of £10 to keep the peace for six months. An Imitator of A. Okton.— As every body, except perhaps infants in arms, has read the Tichborne case, it is distressing to find that the perusal has been known to exercise a deleterious influence on the reader. Suoh, however, seems to have been the result in the case of an individual who pleaded guilty a few days ago at the Stran raer Burgh polioe court to the oharge of cheating, confessing at the same time that he had been reading the Tichborne case. It appears that he so identified himself in spirit with the hero of that unwieldy romance, that he called upon an aged couple in the place and announced himself as their son who had gone to sea about a year ago. When they began to speak about his adven tures, he pleaded fatigue, took to bis bed, turned his faoe to the wall, and wept for joy. This conduot touched the hearts of the old people, who supplied the claimant with clothes and ready money till the neighbours expressed some doubt about his identity, and the old woman consulted the police, when it was discovered that tlie impos'or was a well-known oharaoter, who had ohanced to pick up a little knowledge of the old couple's son from a casual acquaintance. This eorry cheat was sentenced to sixty days' imprisonment, during whioh an important part of Arthur Orion's story — the moral may possibly dawn upon him. — Echo. A Lunar Elevator m a Fix ! — Thomas Brown was employed at a certain theatre a few years ago as a kind of utility man, and one night the manager put him behind the scene at the rear of tbe stage to take charge of the moon. Brown had a candle on tbe end of a long pole, and it was his duty to hold the light behind tbe moon, which was merely a round, unpainted space in the cur tain, and to pull the ourtain slowly up to represent the rising of the moon. Brown seated himself on a piece of a baronical castle, and while waiting for tbe order to go to work he fell asleep. Presently the tragedian on the stage eaid to the heroine, 'swear by yon bright moon,' &c.;, £c., and turned to point to it ; but the orb of night was not there. The stage manager flew around and gave Brown a kick, end in a frenzy ordered him to 'H'iat that moon | quick.' _ Brown was bewildered, and with- j out waiting for any further orders, he ran I the curtain clear op with one jerk, when the \ cord broke, and down it came' again. 1 Another string was hurriedly rigged on the pulley, and the moon began to rue properly ; bat Brora's nerves voce «o unstrung by i fright that he couldn't hold the candle steady behind it, eo that there were fifteen or twenty eclipses during the ascent, the light meanwhile wandering all over the cur tain, to the infinite amusement of the audi ence. However, the luminsry got safely up at last, and the tragedian again observed, 'swear by yon bright moon ;' but before the words were fairly out the cord snapped again, the curtain unrolled with velocity, and broke loose from the roller, revealing Brown, the lunar elevator, roaming round in his shirt-sleeves with a candle on a stick. Brown got out of the house very fast to escape a real tragedy. Dickens at Boulogne.— His own house hold bad got into a small war already, of which the commander-in-chief was hie man servant, ' French,' the bulk of the forces engaged being his children, and the invaders two cats. Business brought him to London on the hostilities breaking out, and on his return after a few days the story of the war was told. 'Dick,' it should be said, was a canary very dear both to Dickens nnd his eldest daughter, who bad so tamed to her loving hand its wild little heart that it waB become the most docile of companions. ' The only thing new in this garden is that the war is raging against two particu lar tigerish and fearful cats (from the mill, I suppose), which are always glaring in dark corners after our wonderful little Dick. Keeping the house open at all points, it is impossible to shut them out, and they hide themselves in the most terrific manner, hanging themselves up bohind draperies, like bats, and tumbling out in the dead of night with frightful caterwaulings. Hereupon, French borrows Beaucourt's gun, loads the same to the muzzle, discharges it twice in vain, and throws himself over with a recoil, exactly like a clown. But at last (while I was in town) he aims at the more amiable cat of the two, and shoots that animal dead. In sufferably elated by this victory, he is now engaged from morning to night in hiding behind bushes to get aim at the other. He does nothing else whatever. All tbe boys encourage him, and watch for the enemy — on whose appearance they give an alarm, which immediately serves as a warning to the creature, who runs away. They are at this moment (ready dressed for church) all lying on their stomachs in various parts of the garden. Horrible whistles give notice to the gun what point it is to approach. I am afraid to go out lest I should be shot. Mr. Plornish says his prayers at night in a whieper, lest the cat should overbear him and take offence. The tradesmen cry out aa they come up the avenue, ' me voici ! O'est moi — boulanger — ne tirez pas, Monsieur Franohe ! ' It is like living in a state of siege; and the wonderful manner in whioh the cat preserves the character of being the only person not much put out by the inten sity of tbe monomania is most ridiculous. (6th of July.) * * * About 4 lb. of powder and half-a-ton of shot have been (13th July) fired off at the cat (and the pub lic in general^ during the week. The finest thing is that immediately after I have heard the noble sportsman blazing away at her in the garden in front, I look out of my room door into the drawing-room, and am pretty sure to see her coming in after the birds, in the calmest manner, by the back-window. Intelligence has been brought to me, from a source on which I oan rely, that French has newly conceived the atrocious projeot of tempting her into the coachhouse by meat and kindness, and there, from an elevated portmanteau, blowing her head off. This I mean sternly to interdict, and to do so to day as a work of piety.' — Forster's Life of Dickens, vol. iii. A Hunting Stoby. — In the April num ber of Bailey's Magazine appears the follow ing story from the Orawley and Horsham country: — Oa the 5th January of thia year these hounds found two foxes together in Mr. Meek's (of Bantridge) forest. The foxes broke in opposite directions. Tbe body of the pack settled to one, and had a very quick and good run of one hour and five minutes, and killed him. At the same time as the paok settled to tbeir fox, two hounds, Chancellor and Cardinal, got after the other. Tbe find was in a wild country of heather, long grass, occasional bogs, &c.; ; the whip stopped one of the hounds — Chan- cellor — but missed the other, thinking he had joined the pack. But not so ; Cardinal stuok to his fox. The time of finding these foxes was as nearly as possible two o'clock. Cardinal hunted this fox, over a large tract of country, as we have gathered from the different places he was heard and seen at. About a quarter past five o'clock three men were going home from work, and hearing a hound hunting and coming towards them they stopped to listen. He got nearer and nearer. When close to them the fox, a good deal distressed, passed close by them, and very close after him a hound. They put down their tools and followed the hound to see the fun. Of oourse they were soon left behind ; but knowing the country 1 well (this happened in Tilgate forest) they made for a high point, on whioh they stopped to listen. In about a quarter of an hour j they heard some little distance off a hound holloaing lustily. They made for the place, and found the hound bleeding a good deal about the jaws, but the fox lying nearly dead, and torn about tremendously. They took the fox from him, at which the hound seemed perfeotly contented, and just turned round and trotted off to the kennels, which be reached at 7.30 p.m. Tbe time the men took the - fox from the hound, they said, must have been a quarter to six o'clock. Two of these men were well-known to the huntsmen, nnd the next day they took their brush to tbe kennels and told their story. Cardinal is a very good hound, a fourth season hnnter, and was bred by Lord Ports mouth, by his Major ont of bis Compliment. The men who told the story said that from tiis appearance of the ground the hound and fox must have had a tremendous fight for it. The fox was a three or four-year-old dogfox, and a very fine one. James I Addicted to Pumniho. — Fuller, the eminent historian and divine, has en rolled among hiB Worthies of England Dr. Field, Dean of Gloucestsr, a learned divine, ' whose memory,' he says, ' dwelleth like a field which the Lord hath blessed.' Field was an excellent preacher, and used often to preach before James I, especially in his pro- j grass throogh 'Hampshire in 1609. The firat time his Majesty heard him, he observed in the same punning spirit with Fuller, and which. was indeed characteristic of the age. ''This is a field for the Lord to dwell in.', Hia Majesty gave him a promise of a bishopric, bat owWfiUsd it When be heard of the doctor's death, hia consoienoe appears to have smote him. He expressed his regret, and said, ' I should have done more for that man.' — Another divine,' whom his Majesty used to style ' the King of preachers,' was John King, who became Bishop of London in 1611 ; and was so great a preacher that even after his elevation to the mitre, he never missed delivering a sermon on Sunday when his health per mitted. Garibaldi and His Sympathisers. — j The Leghorn correspondent of a German paper says: — ' Last week ninety-five^ Eng lishmen landed at Caprera to visit Garibaldi. He was not well, and could not receive a deputation, to whom he expressed his ap preciation of the love and sympathy which the English had always shown him. Before he lived on the island no one ever came to it, but within tbe last three years no lesB than a hundred and thirty steamers bave put in there. In the same period he bas re ceived presents of the value of from 14,000 to 16,000 francs in farming utensils, and has refused others worth millions. He ie hono rary citizen of ninety towns, .and honorary president of a hundred and twenty institu tions. He has received twenty-one swords of honour, eleven from abroad, and since 1871, five thousand addresses.' SinouIiAb Customs. — This week me very singular hocktide customs are being ob served at Hungerford, in Berkshire. These customs are connected with the charter for holding by the common righte of fishing, shooting, and pasturage of cattle on the lands and property bequeathed to the town by John O'Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster. Tbe proceedings commenced a week ago with a supper, at which the fare was peculiar, namely, macaroni, welsh rare-bits, water cress, salid, and the inevitable punch. On April 13— John O'Gaunt's day— known in the town aB Tuth Day, the more important business of the season wbb transacted at tbe town-hall, from tbe window of which the town-crier blowed the famous old horn which has done service on these occasions for many long years. The tytbing or 'tuth' men thereupon proceeded to the high constable's residence to receive their ' tuth ' poles, which were decorated with flowers and ribbons. The first business of these officials, who are generally tradesmen of the borough, was to visit the various schools and ask for a holiday for the children. This done, there task appears to be a unique one, namely, to call at each house in the town, and demand a toll from the gentlemen and kiss from the ladies, and to distribute oranges ad libitum throughout the day, in expectation of which a troop of children follow them through the streets, which are for several hours kept alive with their joyous shouts and huzzas. The high constable is elected at the annual conrt held on the 13th, and one of the curi ous customs is tbe sending out by that officer's wife of a bountiful supply of cheese cakes among the ladieB of the place. The festivities close this evening with a banquet given by the high constable to his fellow tradesmen and neighbours. — Home News. Imitating the Yankees. — A woman's whisky war has been commenced in Man chester. The fair-ground at Knott Mill, which during the Easter week has been given up to the annual fair, was on Sunday the scene of a very different gathering. From a temporary platform, consisting of a lorry, about a dozen working men's wiveB addressed an attentive crowd on the evils of intemperance. The chairwoman said she had been a teetotaller twenty-seven years, and had never regretted it. Some of the speakers were members of good templar lodges, and were Btyled ' sisters,' and all had, iu some way or other, been brought over to total abstinence through the terrible examples of drunken husbands or fathers. One woman introduced herself as ' no far away bird, but the daughter of old Joe Blank, the drunkennest man in Deans gate ; ' another speaker, also looally con nected, said ehe ' had been twenty-one years drink cursed, having for a husband the greatest drunkard tbat ever walked the streets of Manchester.' This woman's hus band, who was at one time never without an excuse to thrash her, was now a re formed cbarBoter. At the close of the speeches a number of persons took the tem perance pledge. The Next New Bush. — The Court Journal (London) says: Captain Butler of ' Great Lone Land ' fame expresses hiB be lief ' that if the gold-miners of the regions which he has known had the faintest concep tion of the nature of the veins of gold which permeate Ashantee, not all the fears of Afri can olimate, or the Ashantee treachery and cruelty, would prevent an immigration whioh must ere long completely change the face of these regions, whatever terrible loss of life occurred during the earlier period of settle ment.' If we may judge of the undiscov ered wealth of the Ashantees in gold by the glimpses which the late campaign has afforded us, it is reasonable to conclude that the country does indsed possess enormous deposits of the preoious metal. ' Every little ornament,' says a correspondent, ' in Ooomassie is almost recklessly mended and patched with gold. Common pieces of crockery, whioh might perhapB be repaired in England by the not very elegant process of sewing in brass wire, are found quite as ronghly, or even more roughly, repaired in Ooomassie, but with gold instead of brass.' These accounts may possibly lead to a new ' rush ' to the Gold Coast by adventurous miners. Ladies' Bights. — A lady made the follow ing reply to a politician who recently oalled at her house to get her husband to go to the poll and vote:— 'No, air, he can't go. He's washing now, and he's going to iron to-morrow ; and if he wasn't doing anything, he couldn't go. I own this house, and if any one votes, it'll be Mrs. Jones.' An Amusing Incident of the Ashantee Expedition.— One result in the fording of the Dah was a laughable incident next morning— one indeed, which it may safely be asserted has never before occurred in the British army. It was quite dark before the last party were over, ana the natives packing np the clothes did not notioe those of one man who had undressed at the foot of a tree. Consequently he had to pasa the night — a very wet one — in his blanket, and absolutely paraded witb his regiment in the morning in nothing but hia helmet and rifle— a aeoond Achilles in Hyde Park, minus his shield. The incident cauasd immense laughtar, and happily the clothes were soon afterwards found and brought over. A Bbotph Bulldog. — A dog, who already bore about .fab muxdh «om not inglorious sous, aonompsnied his master, who xarrisd ' on his breast tbe Yiotoria Cross, to ths Ashantee campaign. Being of the bulldog breed, and with a natural turn for fighting, be distinguished himself on several occasions, and indeed through the campaign.' Ia one instance, he rushed into the enemy's ranks, and, singling out one of his native foes, ao bit and worried him that he actually brought iu his prisoner in triumph. He was suoh a favourite with tbe men that in a heavy en gagement their fire was suspended for a minute to allow of his uninjured retreat from one of bis desperate forays. He lives to enjoy his return and his honours, and at this moment is one of the pets at Belgravia. A strange etory cornea from New Mexioo. The Indian tribe of the Kiowas had become tolerably well civilised, and their chief, Line Wolf, was seriously trying to live like a white man. He had a farm under cultiva tion ; he bad ploughs, waggons, and mules, and was getting along nicely, when the news arrived that his eldest eon had been killed while leading a party of marauding Indians in Texas. Then the savage nature of tbe old chief broke out. He shot his mules, broke up his waggons, piled them and all his agri cultural implements in his house, set fire to his houBe and burned it to tbe ground, shaved his head, stuck a black feather behind bis ear, called tbe young men of his tribe together, and set forth on the war path. He and his tribe are now in open revolt, and their extermination is supposed to be the only way of reducing them to quietude. Young people confide in yonr parents. Make them above ell others yonr oonfidants. They are the best and most disinterested friends you will ever have in this world. It is natural for you to think that tbey do not and cannot, from the position of things, know much, at least very much, about your affairs, and that therefore you cannot, talk confidentially with them. Do not, however, yield to any such impression. Cultivate rather the habit of consultation' with them. Ou things great and small seek their advioe. A daughter will never come to shame, a son never to dishonour, who reverently asks for advice from them and respects their counsels. There are two twin brothers, whose re semblance to each other is so strong that strangers can hardly tell tbem apart. They keep a grocery and provisional shop, and were one day bringing in bags of meal from a waggon which was out of sight from inside the shop. Nathan had his ooat on, but Eli was in his shirt-Bleeves. A stranger in the shop watched them coming in and going out one after the other, but only one was visible at a time, and at last he exclaimed to Eli, ' well you're the smartest man I ever saw ; but why do yon keep putting on and taking off your ooat ?' These brothers and several other men were in tbe habit of getting up very early, and going to swim, and once Eli going, as was his wont, to Nathan's hous6 to call bim by tapping on the pane, saw his own face refleoted on the glass, and taking it for his brother's oalled out, ' come on they're all waiting for you.' Josh Billings pondere on the subject of oats until he arrives at the hypothesis that a defunct puss is a rarity, owing to the tenacity with which these animals appear to cling to life and the absence of feline corpses within ordinary observation. Josh delivers himself thus:— 'A kat ie sed to her nine lifes, but I beleaf they dont hev but one square deth. It is almost unpossible to tell when a kat is ded without the aid of a koroner's jury. I hev only oue way miself to judge of a ded kat. If a kat iz killed in the fall of the year, and thrown over the stun wall onto yure naber's lot, and lays all winter under a sno bank, and don't thaw out in the spring, and keeps quiet during the summer months, and ain't missing when winter set in again, I hev always Bed that tbat kat was ded, or was playing the thing dredful fine. A woman may be of great assistance to her husband in business, by wearing a cheerful countenance. A man's gloominess and per plexities are increased a hundredfold when his wife moves about with a continual soowl upon her brow. What constitutes the genuine frontier cos tume ? — The outskirts of civilisation. Why is the letter S like the end of dogs ? — Because it is the beginning of sausages. What is that which flies high, flies low, has no feet, and yet wears shoes? — Dust. Why is a chicken just batched like a cow's tail ? — Because it was never seen be fore. Why are clergymen like railway-porters ? Because they do a good deal of coupling. Why are worn-out clothes like ohildren without parents?— Because they are left off 'uns. Why is a man who marries twioe like the oaptain of a ship ?— Because he hai a second mate. Why is a horse the most miserable of animals? — Beoause hie thoughts are always on the traok. What ahould you do if you split your sides with laughter? — Bun till you get a stitch in them. Why is a talkative young man like a young pig ? — Because if he lives he is likely to become a great bore. Why does a widow feel her bereavement less when she wean corsets?— Beoause then she is so-laced. When does a man overoome the inertia of an inanimate object ?— When he makes an umbrella stand. Why ought cooks to be ths smoothest of birds known?— Beoause they always have a oomb abont them. Why is a young lady like a bill of ex change ? — Because ehe ought to be settled when ebe arrives at maturity. Why are naval and militaty officers the moat unlucky ot men P — Because tbey an generally in some man or other. When is a man nearest related to a fi»h? — When he has got a .'good old soul for ? mother, and an old crab of a Gather. Why should soldiers be r4ther tired on the 1st of April?— Because they bays jdithada March of thirty-one days. What la the difference between eUbtrioity and a fool ? — One is simply, marvellous, the other ia marvellously sinipfe. Why ahould no parent aootpt ihfe ssrrioes of a tutor wbb smokes?— Bedit^e bis habit Whatf?thedilliirenoi1-mt-M the top of the monumentand a song for one' votes? — One's so high, the other's ado. 'Why is it Wlmoat osr&kiutliat; Sbakspeate was a money-broker f — Because ao nan has furnished ao many stock quotations. ' ' 'Why is it that tbe young la3ifes o» *o changeable with tespMttttbtiroweStbbaris? —They an always rfishing to fcllsr (altar) them. -'''.J'.''' 