NEWS BY THE MAIL. NOTES OF THE MONTH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, May 15. It is High tide in London, the very crown ! and top of the season, with all the exhibitions t open, the May-meetings in full swing, the trees in the parks all clothed in green, the laburnum in the squares " dropping wells of ure," Rotten Row moving mass of carriages and horses, Fop's Alloy thick with golden youth, Madame Patti and the other singing birds pouring out their voices nightly al'efPB'peras, a couple of the daughters of JifadánSo Angot scolding at their respective theatres, the big hotels crowded to the ceil- ing, lions-African and others-roaring in a hundred drawingrooms, the Conservatives maintaining the Constitution, and the Czar at Windsor. There never was a busier or a gayer time for London, in spite of the bitter north- east wind. Yet, for all that there is Jtvut little news of any importance. Parliament is passing all the small measures of Mr. Disraeli's Government with a shocking unanimity. The licensed victuallers have got their reward for service at the elections i (. bill which does not seem to do much for a ." Jjoyond relieving them of a too strict . mute police supervision. At one time r n i seemed to be a prospect of an exciting Jas 1 life on the question of the hours of soft The Government had proposed to -give the time of keeping open by half an in the large cities, which was a very " concession indeed, rather in the in st of the public than the publicans. But we have given way before a shower of , titions and the teetotal influence, and have Announced that they do not intend to make the limit of opening a vital point in their bill, but will accept such hours as the House may agree upon in committee. The bill has therefore passed the second reading easily, and henceforward drops out of the public mind. Those who expected that some great boon would be conferred on the publican interest, and who hoped to profit by the agitation thus aroused, have been disappointed, and the licensed victuallers, on their part. have no great reason to be thankful for the mercies rendered to them by a Conservative . Government. A somewhatimportuntdiscus8ionhaa taken place in the House of Lords at the instance of Earl Russell, which has set all the Continental qualities speculating, but which to us at home did not appear at the time to have much significance. On the 5th inst. Lord Russell interpolated the Foreign Minister as to the prospects of peace or war in Europe, expressing his own conviction that "such was the vast influence of England in the councils of Europe, that it would be in her power to preserve the general peace," and insisting on the necessity of faithfully carrying out all our treaty engagements. Lord Derby, in his reply, seems to have produced by his excessive caution the very effect he tried to avoid. He did not deny that the events of 1870 had created a situation which was full of danger. He declared that France was inspired by a universal and deep-seated desire for vengeance and for the recovery of her lost provinces, while Germany was apprehensive of the French designs and resolved upon retaining and Germanising her con- quests. " So far as immediate appearances go," said Lord Derby, "there is no serious cause for apprehension of any disturbance of the peace of Europe." Should war eventually be the result, it would be the duty of England to avoid "embroilingherself," while keeping to such of her engagements as are " bind- ing in honour and good faith." There is not much in all this that need excite any alarm although it must be confessed that the very cautiousness of Lord Derby is calculated to create some misgivings. The continental press, however, Iiob seized hold of the liner \- dent, and given it a colour according to its national prepossessions. The Germans in- terpret Lord Derby's words to mean that England will take care that France does not attack Germany from the side of Luxembourg or Belgium, while the French are startled to find that they are regarded as so near another war. They do not like to think that other nations are able to read their thoughts, and not being as yet prepared for war, they are troubled to and that Germany is being warned of what they intend. The excitement produced by Lord Russell's interpellation and Lord Derby's answer was greatly heightened by the simultaneous appearance of a remarkable communication in The Times, from its Paris correspondent, purporting to give the substance of certain conversations held between Prince Bismarck \- and King Victor Emmanuel, when the latter was on a visit to Berlin last year. A contradiction has been given to The Times' statement, but The Times has repeated it and insisted upon its accuracy, and I have reason to believe that the Times was right. Some such conversation certainly took place at Berlin last year, though we can understand that neither party to it would like to have the particulars divulged. A feeling of uneasiness still continues at Paris, engen \- dered perhaps by a consciousness that the ideas attributed to France by Bismarck are not altogether visionary. Judging from my own recent observation in Paris, I have no doubt whatever that the feeling of revanche is still cherished in the heart of every French- man, and that every effort is being made privately to renew the army and to improve its condition. The feeling, perhaps, is not so openly displayed as it used to be two or three years ago, but it is not the less deep or real. You can see a thousand signs of it in Paris-in the print shops, where photographs of two dismal-looking women, with eyes pathetically upturned to Heaven, \- embody the lost Alsace and Lorraine at the theatres, where every allusion to a revival of the national glory is caught up and applauded in the salon, where any picture representing every scene of the war, or incident of the German occupation, attracts crowds of eager spectators, whose looks betray what is working in their hearts. Jievanche is the one word in the vocabulary which lies deepest in every Frenchman's season. As to the military preparations they are not the less real because the signs of them bareheaded from the public eye. You see fewer soldiers than usual in the streets, but that is because the conscripts are kept rigorously at drill. Those who are seen go about with quite a different air from that they had in the proud days of the Empire. There is none of the Swagger and strut and les affaires militaire which we used to see in the small men in brick red trousers, and there is far less drumming Sind filing about the streets. But for all that the work of military re-organisation goes on unceasingly. France already has an army of 480,000 men on the peace establishment, which is some (50,000 more than Germany has under the new military bill. A great mystery is made about a new gun, which is to eclipse the Krupp, and a new rifle, which is to out Shoot the Prussian, The serious part of the matter is that the great mass of the French people are fully persuaded that they were not fairly beaten in the late war-that treachery, want of preparation, and superiority in the mechanical means of fighting had as much to do with their defeat as any (superiority of the Germans. It may be that something may occur for some years to come to disturb the peace of Europe, but it would be absurd to pretend that France is contented with her position and disposed to accept the loss of her provinces and her relegation to jan inferior rank among the nations. One thing more struck me very forcibly in Paris, that is the almost universal indication of a Bonapartist revival. There is not a print shop in Paris which has not a photograph or picture of the Prince Imperial in the window, while it is rarely that you see a portrait of Marshal MacMahon, or of any of the other pretenders, royal or otherwise, to the chief power in the Rue do Rivoli there is one shop which displays a large print of the old Napoleon moving from his tomb with a divine halo round him, and pointing with his hand in a direction where one sees a portrait of the Prince Imperial Round this window there is nearly at all times of the day a crowd of silent gazers In the saloon, among the pictures of the year is a full, length likeness of the young Prince, placed in the most conspicuous part of the room which is also the object of general attraction, Nor are other signs wanting to show which way the tide of popular sentiment is setting The Vendome column is half up again, and already there are wreaths of immortelles on the spikes of the railing round its base On the walls of the fashionable quarter "Vive Napoleon IV ' may be frequently reads chalked up or printed That the great mass of the Parisian bourgeoisie would welcome the advent of the fourth Napoleon heartily, I have no doubt whatever The shopkeepers complain bitterly of the state of trade and the depression of the times and openly express their aspirations for a return of the good old times The relics of the ugly work done by the Commune, although in a great measure removed, and the marks of destruction stand in silent witness against the system which to the mass of Parisians is the only one which passes for a Republic No one believes that the present state of things will last or that even the period of the Septennato will be allowed to expire without further revolutions As for the Legitimists they are of course quite out of the game The Orleanist princes have even fewer friends They are too rich and selfish perhaps too good in that kind of virtue which a Frenchman least respects to have any chance Much of the future of France depends upon the character of the young man at Chiselhurst, and of him I hear very favourable accounts He is said to have abilities far beyond the common and to have already evinced much force of character Perhaps the best warrant in his favour is the opinion I lately heard expressed in family in phrase, by a friend who knows him intimately, that he is a cheeky young beggar ' In Spain the victory of Serrano, or rather of Old Concha, over the Carlists at Bilbao, is likely to lead to an Alfonsist revival There has been a Ministerial crisis, which has resulted in the formation of a purely monarch real Cabinet, and though Serrano himself may not he very well disposed to surrender the sweets of power even in favour of the gentleman who is believed by all Spain to be his own son, it is not unlikely that before many weeks are over we shall see an end put to the force of a Spanish republic That, of course will be the beginning of a new series of disturbances The Government has announced its policy on the Gold Coast and in a speech which, for its manliness and good sense, has been very well received, Lord Carnarvon has unfolded his scheme for the future government of the Tantees They are not to be abandoned, as some of our philanthropists have proposed, but a further attempt will be made to give them such civilisation as the negro nature is capable of This determination is so far interesting to all the colonies as that it indicates a firm attitude on the question of the Imperial integrity Having accepted the charge of the Gold Coast, it is not possible for the Government to decline taking over the years, and it is probable that ere this instructions have been sent out to Commodore Goodenough to proclaim the British authority over the islands and to put an end to King C ikobau s efforts at constitution making The irrepressible Jenkins, of Gynxs baby, who has been making an ass of himself in several ways has put on the notice paper of to day a mysterious motion To call attention to the present unsatisfactory method of determining the constitutionality of acts transmitted by Colonial Legislatures to the Colonial Office for Her Majesty s approval ' I have not the least idea of what is meant whether Jenkins is a minion of Higinbotham or a representative of the Constitutional party but it is probable that no more will come of the motion than used to result from the patriotic efforts of the lamented Macfie The Government obtained a signal victory two nights ago in the House on the question of the county franchise, Mr Disraeli proving to the satisfaction of a large majority which included Mr Lowe and other so called Liberals that household suffrage in the counties could not be carried out with out disturbing the whole electoral system a general re distribution of seats the effect of which would be to disfranchise all constituencies with a population under 10,000 The debate, from which Mr Gladstone was conspicuously absent was chiefly remarkable for developing Mr Forster in the rule of the new Liberal leader A curious paragraph in The Times of last Monday, and its subsequent contradiction have set all the town talking about certain mattcrsoffectingthoRoyallamily The Grand Duchess having been absent from the last drawing room, it was stated in The Times that the cause of of her absence was one which if known would fill all loyal hearts with joy This is the usual polite way of informing the public that the Grand Duchess is in the state in which, as a French writer says, " a woman is most a woman ' But seeing that the Grand Duchess has been married barely three months, it struck everybody that it was a little premature, not to say indecorous, to make any such announcement The paragraph itself was contradicted the next day on the authority of the Duke of Edinburgh, which set people talking, more especially when it is whispered that the original announcement was made to The Times by the Queen herself through Sir William Knoll) a Tho key to the mystery I believe to be this, that there is a certain disagreement between the Grand Duchess and other members of the family on the question of precedence, which kept that high lady away from the last drawingroom It is said that the Duchess of Edinburgh objects to give ing the pas at Court to the Princess Louise (the Marchioness of Lorne), who, according to the English etiquette, takes precedence as a princess over all princes, and necessarily over princes' wives It is, more over, stated I cannot say with what truth that the Emperor of Russia's somewhat sudden visit to England is not altogether un- connected with this affair All Australian colonists will be glad to hear that the services of Mr James Youl, the introducer of the salmon to Tasmania, have been recognised by his being advanced to the dignity of a C M G. It is not often that honours upon colonists have been so judiciously bestowed, and the colony of Victoria especially, which took so conspicuous a part in the forwarding of Mr Youl's particular enterprise, and without which, indeed, it would never have been carried out, ought to be gratified at the compliment which has been paid to the great salmon acclimatiser.s OUR PARIS LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) Summahv -Return of the Deputies to Versailles-M Picone and li 18 Apologies the Question of Nice and Savoy-" The Times own Parisian Corres, pondent and Prince Bismarck's Retrospective Anecdote The Declaration of Count Andrassy to the Austro-Hungarian Parliament in favour of Peace The Religious Persecution in Germany and Switzer land Rather too strong a Metaphor-Peter a Pence Coms do Expand. The Suez Canal Question -The Proposed Constitutional Bills The Exhibition of Paintings of 1874 The Decline of Art The Exhibition for the Benefit of the Alsace Lorraine Emigrants The Shepherd Boy, by Murillo-M Guyot and M Thiers The Colonno Vondomo Latest Intelligence of the F oBhlons. PARIS, MAY 16. The National Assembly, which had pro- rogued its sittings last Easter, on account of the holidays, and of the councils general of the departments, held at this time of the the year, and of which our honourable deputies are almost all members, resumed its labours on Tuesday last. I was present at the opening of the session. After the usual formalities the President read aloud a letter in which M. Piccone, a deputy of the "Alpes Maritimes," tendered his resignation as a member of the Assembly. This aforesaid M. Picton is a lawyer of Nice, who some few days since, after a public dinner, pronounced in Italian before a half-Italian, half French audience a speech in which he expressed a wish that the county of Nice would one day be restored to the kingdom of Italy, its legitimate owner. However, great the respect due to liberty of opinion, such language from the lips of a member of the French Assembly could not but appear improper and treasonable ; nor can it be wondered at that a cry of indigna- tion should have burst from the whole French press, which went even so far as to require M, Piccone's exclusion from the Assembly. This he has avoided by the tender of his resignation. M. Piccono'a letter having been read a legitimist Deputy of Savoy, the Marquis de Costa Beauregard, stood up and read a short but strongly-worded protestation in tho name of the whole deputation of Savoy. This was somewhat superfluous, as no one has ever dreamt of accusing Savoy of any tendency whatever to a wish for separation. It is not exactly so with Nice, where there really does exist a not over numerous, but very active party, which wishes for-and perhaps does more than wish for-a return to Italy. People even go so far, whether right or wrong I cannot tell, us to affirm that this party is secretly, but very materially, abetted by M. de Bismarck, who in this circumstance out-Italians the Italians. On this subject I recommend to your notice a most curious correspondence published by The Times a fortnight since, stating that at the last visit made by King Victor Emmanuel to Berlin the High Chancellor most strongly, but very uselessly, urged the King to claim back, even by force, Nice and Savoy, promising the support of Prussia. It is true that this assertion has since been officially denied at Berlin, but you will own that be non is very, eben trials. The Parisian correspondent of The Times relates that M. de Bismarck acknowledged in his conversation with Victor Emmanuel that he had committed two great faults-the first in having thought too highly of the military strength of France, and the second in not having thought high enough of her financial resources. "It was on my part,'' he said, "a great mistake not to have required an indemnity sufficiently large to have crippled for several years together the treasury of France. I ought to have required at least ten milliards." This assertion is fully confirmed by a fact known to myself personally, and which has not I think been hitherto repeated anywhere. Towards the middle of January, 1871, when it was evident that Paris, on the verge of famine, could not hold out more than 10 or 12 days longer, and the conditions of peace were already being thought of at Versailles, M. de Bismarck called from Cologne a German banker, Herr-, who had been established as such for a quarter of a century in France, having married a Frenchwoman there, and who, at the same time, enjoyed a high reputation both for capacity and re- respectability. "Sir," said the Chancellor bluntly, " I am well aware of your sympathy for France, but you are a German, and a man of honour, and I am sure you will give a frank reply to my demand. What, in your opinion, is the maximum of the war indemnity that France in her present circumstances is able to pay a'' " Count," replied If err -, " if you require from France three milliards, they will be paid ; if you require four, they will be paid also ; but you will have drown her last drop of blood from her." "Good," replied Bismarck; "I thank you, Sir ;" and when, a fortnight later the peace negotiations began at Frankfort, Bismarck claimed five milliards. The fact was told me by Herr himself. M. de Bismarck seems persuaded that war must break out at not too remote a period and the same opinion prevails in Russia and Austria. Not a week since, Count Andrassy, being questioned in the Austro- Hungarian Parliament as to the state of foreign politics, declared that theredoubtleBSdid exist a latent hostility between several nations, and consequently thattbeionaa no lack of reasons for war ; but that though he cannot ensure peace for any lengthened number of years, yet there does not exist at the present moment any immediate danger of conflict. He declared at the same time that there is not in Europe any Government desirous to disturb public tranquility. With regard to the Austro-Hungarian empire, not only is it eager for peace, but it has already done its utmost to maintain it, and and will continue so to do. " Peace," he added, " has been the exclusive aim of the Emperor Francis Joseph in all his interviews with foreign princes." The Count next entered into some explana- tions as to the state of affairs between the Court of Vienna the I Holy See, and declared that the difficulties raised by the Pope's last encyclical were in a fair way to be set at rest, and concluded by stating that the idea of the separation between church and state is making daily progress throughout Europe. In Prussia, in Switzerland, things are carted on still further, and the tendency seems to require the subordination of church to state. On the one hand, M. de Bismarck continues its relentless attack against Catholicism, and has demanded and obtained from the Berlin Chamber of Deputies a new and formidable weapon. The bill adopted last week upon the administration of vacant Catholic bishoprics, not satisfied with pro- nouncing a penalty against those ecclesiastics who shall persist in maintaining their relations with a deposed bishop, endows the Government with the right of appointing, with special permission to administer the goods and chattels and revenues of all kinds belonging to the bishopric, which seems neither more nor less than a downright confiscation of its temporalities. And now let us see what course is being pursued by the most honest, liberal, and enlightened nation in Europe the people of Switzerland. Not five years ago all the right-minded people of Switzer- land called aloud for the separation of church and state-this was the whole extent of their demand. M. de Ceresole and the other chiefs of the party had not the slightest idea of subjecting church to state ; they did not admire convents, but they respected the existence thereof, and their tolerance went even so far as to bear with the Jesuits. The Council of 1870, and the proclamation of a papal infallibility have swept away all this indulgence The Liberals themselves have felt that it was necessary to arm the state j against the unheard-of pretensions of the church and the result has been the constitu- tion you know of. Those who wished to express their fellow-citizens are oppressed in their turn, the Jesuits are banished, the recruiting of convents is forbidden, the | bishops are deprived of the power they exercised over their own priests in short, the church is placed in the strict hand of the state. Such is the fruit of intolerance ; all truly wise men have seen in their dreams any earthly paradise in which it will be allowed to believe or to doubt, to affirm or to deny, to pray or to abstain from prayer, as conscience may prompt each and every one of us, without fear of any kind. But alas 1 this golden ago is still far from us. At Rome, and by Rome I mean the Vatican" the dissatisfaction is very great, as well you may suppose. The clerical press complains o' p oppression, and is not altogether unfounded in its complaints. But while it plainly set forth the evil, it pretends not to see the cause, J and at the same time it takes delight in ex- aggerating it by outrageous metaphors and fallacious hyperbole, which trouble the souls of simple-minded people, and would, in other times than those we live in, beget most lamentable excesses and violence. You know how difficult it is for the great mass of people to take in an abstraction, and how apt they are to understand a word in its most obvious sense. This aptitude is worked upon, and the manoeuvres is almost constantly successful. I think I have already spoken to you of the sale for half-a-f rank of a bit of the damp straw with Which the dungeon of the holy father at Rome is littered. The damp straw of the thing" is a mere metaphor, mean- ing that the Pope is a prisoner in the Vatican. Well, it appears that the article is still openly offered for sale in Ghent and Antwerp. What outbursts of execration against his torturers, what tears of pity for the illustrious and unfortunate victim this merchandise gives rise to in the souls of the poor deluded women ! How is it possible for them not to believe in the reality of the captivity of the Holy Father, when they hold in their hand the very straw on which he has slept, bound in fetters of iron 1 Go and tell these good folks that the dungeon of the Holy Father is a metaphor, and the bit of straw a figure of rhetoric that, in reality, Pius the Ninth is free to go and come as he will that he is supreme lord and master in the limits of the Vatican, and that should it be his will and pleasure to depart therefrom, all the nations of Christendom will vie with one another which nation shall offer him the most splendid hospitality your declare, tion will be replied to by a smile of incredulity, There is the straw-they sec it with their eyes, and they cannot refuse to believe its testimony. friend of mine, just returned from Rome, where he has been spending his honeymoon, has brought me thence a photo representing the Pope, mixed up in a sort of cage, behind the bars of which he is seen clasping his hands and praying for his tor- mentors. This photo, say the pious vendors thereof, is a true picture copied from nature. It is sold by thousands at half a franc apiece. Of this sum half is paid over as Peter's pence, which brings in, as is said, a mighty pretty penny. from 1861 to 1869 it has produced on an average each year, if the Corriere di Milano says true, 8,000,000 francs, or i'_l_,000 and it is said now to exceed £100,000. With this sum the Pope partly maintains his household, which, according to the " official almanac of the Vatican," comprises no less than the people, major domes, camerieres, nobb guardsman, officers of the Swiss and Palatine guards, chaplains, stewards, carvers, ushers, &c.; But if money is this plentiful in the Pontifical coffers, it is far from being so abundant in the pouch of poor Don Carlos, and this penury, if we are to believe the Royalist press, has been the chief cause of the retreat of the Carlists from before the walls of Bilbao. Not only money was want- ing for the purchase of guns, ammunition, and other military stores, but the volunteers, scantily paid, or not paid at all, were well inclined to listen to the brink of the gold and the persuasive promises of the republican generals. This, they say, brought on the defection of several (absentees. That the " sinews of war," as money is styled were wanting in the camp of the Carlists there cannot be the shadow of a doubt ; but that the government should have been rich enough to buy off its adversaries, however cheap they might rate themselves, is just as hard to be believed, since we see that, after the raising of the siege. Marshal Concha, for lack of the precious metal, has been fain to remain inactive for more than a week, and has only just resumed the hostilities. As might he expected, the military events of Bilbao have wrought a change of Ministers at Madrid, each of the parties represented in the Ministry, from M. Garcia Ruiz, a Republican, down to M. Sagasta, a Monarchist, and to M. Martel, a Radical, wishing to turn to its own exclusive profit this first success. This has given birth to a new Ministry, Right " of conciliation," of which General Zapata is premier. Is it very necessary to tell you the names brought to us yesterday by the Tele, graph SagaSta, Ulloa, ? Camacho, Alonzo Martinez, Alonzo Colmenares, Romero Ortiz, Rodriguez Arias? In this long and mournful fever for change which Spain is labouring under the proper names so often lose their first meaning, if, indeed, the greater part of those I have written down bear any moaning at all, that to be able to form any judgment as to the value and capacity of this new combination, we must wait to see how it is welcomed and accepted by the press of Madrid. ! Before I conclude these few remarks upon what is going on abroad, I shall merely mention the incident relative to the Suez Canal, and the conflict that grand undertaking has given rise to; the English papers will have given you a most full account of it. M. de Lesseps threatened one day to close the canal, put out his reasons, and dismiss the pilots ; the Cabinets throughout Europe are alarmed, the telegraph sends messages in every direction, and after a lapse of 18 hours, in presence of a probability of military occupation, the great engineer bows down before the decision of an International Board of Inquiry, and while he still upholds the justice of his claim, consents to the reduction of his tariff. B stands for a fact that the rates now adopted lower by 10 per cent, the Eceipts of a company which, up to this day, has received neither interest no; dividends, owes £2,000,000 on the coupons already due, and whose present shareholders do not entertain the slightest hope of ever getting their money back. Under these circumstances, M. de Lesseps' vivacity of language is easy to understand, and his ill humour seems the more natural, as the maritime Powers who have decided the question arose in the threefold character of judges, accusers, and executioners at one and the same time. The attitude of the Porte in this affair has been just what it should be. Waiving his right to define and explain the privileges of the company, also summons all Europe to the judges, and gives to the world a new example of a solution by international arbitration. The mercantile part of the incident has come to a close, but you will easily see how greatly ithasincrcasod the importance of the Eastern! question. Whether Russia has or not, as it is pretended, stood behind her now prol6gé,\h<¡ Khedive, in order to thwart the projects of the English for the acquisition of the canal, it is easy to foresee that national jealousy will increase and expand together with the growth of the material interest called into being by the achievement of M. De Lesseps. The Suez question is teeming with difficulties, and its present phases may be- looked upon merely as a forced truce. we will, if you please, now return to the subject with which we began this letter, the re-opening of the Parliamentary session. What will this second part of the session bring forth ? Will it knit up the ravelled skein of difficulties that the country has been contending against this last year The dispositions manifested in official regions, and which I personally took cognisance of last Tuesday, lead me to on. entertain some doubts as to this result. It appears from the declaration made by the Vice-president of the Council, the Duke de Broglie, that the constitutional laws those famous constitutional laws which have so long been spoken of are to be forthwith laid before the House, and nothing will be left undone by the Government to bring on a solution. The Government says so, but no body gives credit to it. These bills have in view, as you are aware, to organise the Sep. remain, and if we are to believe those who are initiated in the secrets of the Cabinet, they are as follows -The hill on elections, a bill for the creation of an Upper House, and a bill to ensure the transmission of the executive power Of these three bills the first alone is ready for debate The second of which I shall speak pleasant!), is to be laid on the table the day after to morrow Of the third nothing is yet affirmed, and yet it is the one which ought to come on before all the others being the most important for the stability of the Government and the security of the future but as this question can scarcely be resolved without giving at least an indirect sanction to the Republican institutions, they prefer leaving it a little longer on the shelf The country, impatient and anxious, calls upon us to constitute , lie are ready to do so, but as little as possible Allow me to note down here some slight information as to the Government bill for the institution of the Upper House The Upper House or Grand Council (le Grand Consul will, it is proposed comprise about 300 members to wit-100 members appointed by the I executive, 150 elected by the departments, and those who are members by right of office, who are nearly the same as those who had a seat by the same right in the ci defiant Senate (cardinals marshals and malE, and the presidents of the Courts of Cassation and the Court of Accounts) The members not appointed by the Executive power are to be elected by the Executive, by various classes of electors chosen from among those who have exercised the duties of magistrate, certain functionaries, the members of the Legion of Honour, etc and the highest tax pa) era To the Grand Council will be given the same attributions as to the National Assembly the right to propose laws, and to amend those in discussion It was also on certain occasions, have the right to form a High Court of Justice to sit in judgment on the Ministers, or the President of the Republic when accused of prey location of breach of the constitution The Grand Council is to elect its own president in case of the death or resignation of the President of the Republic he will be invested with all the rights appertaining to the Chief of the Executive, so long as the vacancy shall not have been filled up the two Houses in case of vacancy, will meet together in Congress and elect a successor to the President of the Republic with out being in anyway bound to give to the successor of Marshal MacMahon either the same title or the same attributions The duration of the power thus given to the head of the state may be likewise modified by the Congress In other terms, the retreat of Marshal MacMahon before the expiration of his seven years rule would reinstate the National Assembly in possession of all its rights, and, in conjunction, it is true, with the Upper House it would be in a position to form new resolutions without being bound by the preceding constitutional decisions, the said decisions solely concerning the personal authority given to Marshal MacMahon The decision of Congress would be decided by the majority of votes without any distinction whatever being made between the votes of members of the Upper or Lower House The lost clause concedes to the President of the Republic, with the consent of the Upper House the right of dissolution of the National Assembly The re-opening of the Parliamentary session has this year very nearly coincided with the opening of our annual exhibition of painting, which we term the 'Salon ' I will not say either that it is superior or inferior to its predecessors, but content my self with stating that the number of punt ings submitted to the jury for exhibition is far greater The catalogue for the present year numbers 3 9-7 in lieu of 2 112 comprised in that of last year, and the foreigners are much struck by this fact A great Russian nobleman, a friend to 1 France, said come, Vi hat I admire in your exhibition is the multitude, the enormouaneaa of this area final production in a country whose rivals declare it to be powerless and Btonle, or at all events degenerated, and yet this is the produce of the labour of one-year almost of one city, and that with out counting the private exhibitions, those exhibited at the picture dealers' and those exported direct to England to America, to the very ends of the world You are a traveller Did you ever see such a thing it Vienna at Munich, in London, or in Rome' ' You are right,' I replied, ' no produce more than any other nation in the world But have you not observed, as I myself have done that our productions are all stamped with one great and lamentable defect, uniformity ' You may easily meet here with some thousand skilful artists, but they are almost all equal in talent Their hand is good, but the) all, or nearly all, do about the same thing. The levels evidently rising but the summits are as evidently lowering down towards the level, instead of towering far above it Almost all the exhibitions which I have seen for the last 10 years have left the same impression upon my mind We have never reckoned among us a greater number of artists those artists have never been more skilful, their pictures have never been so easily and so profitably disposed of, whether in 1 rance or abroad , but are, to be art, has disappeared from among us, and of all the pictures exposed this year to the admiring gaze of the public, it would be hard to pick out seven or eight which tower above the others and allow us to compare them distantly to compare them with the masters And it is the same in every branch of motor lectual produce, literature, the drama as well as in painting Art, the produce of genius gives way to bull and the ideal disappears before what is called the real For instance, the Theatre Francais is just now performing a comedy entitled The Sphinx, the great dramatic success of the season The author is one of our greatest and most amiable playwrights, a member of the French Academy, M Octave Fcmllot Well in the last act the heroine takes poison, and dies on the stage Would you have me give you the description of this dying scene so perfectly performed by the actress who plays the part of Mdme de Charles With her we lay aside the conventional art of the theatre, and enter the high domain of the real, and stand face to face with a most characteristic case of intoxication by neurasthenia Of this all the symptoms are most accurately expressed one after the other first, the anguish [depicted in the face, then the rigidity of the features, the fixity of the gaze, the contraction of the limbs The subject seems to contract, to shrivel up, so to say, the tooth and jawbones are tightly compressed, the head is thrown back the whole body as it were shaken by electric shocks This is followed by the last convulsions, the spasms of the tetanus than one last general shudder, and she is dead "Howtruol' is the general cry Yes, in deed, and too true I This exaggerated accuracy is no more real stage acting than the reproduction in wax of certain organic de- forties is sculpture or the engraved repre sensations of a cancer or a phloginon belongs to the art of Forstor or Calamotta After the horrible scene of the death of Madame de Charles, the spectators of the first representation remained plunged in stupe- faction They were no longer in a play house, the play, the author, the actors, had disappeared ; everyone felt as if horror-struck by a real catastrophe of which he had been a witness in spite of himself. The next day, in every drawing-room, in the public press, the cry was universal, "It is a horrible sight I abominable ! and not to be borne I and everybody flocks thither Pans the provinces, and our foreign visitors and for the last two months the Sphinx every night it is performed fills box pit and gallery almost to suffocation This decline of the art of resume my remarks on painting-ii still more visible when on leaving the. Salon you visit either the hall of the Louvre or the exhibition in favour of the emigrants of Alsace Lorraine at the Palais Bourbon We had given some land in Algeria to such of the emigrants of Alsace Lorraine as had chosen in favour of French nationality Good that but the means to clear away and cultivate the land which had been given to them" A committee has been formed in with a view to organise an exhibition the produce of which is to be applied to the expense of their first establishment such as the purchase of tools agricultural implements cattle Yes The palace formerly occupied by the Corps Leys Intif andnowvacantBincethe Ysaeinblv holds its sittings at Versailles has been placed it the disposal of the committee and all our principal owners of pictures and art treasures have willingly sent thither the most precious gems of then galleries The success has gone beyond the most sanguine expectations Fancy to yourself all that Pins contains most excellent in the productions of art pictures for estry enamel work arms costly array porcelain ancient furniture a heap of wonders for the most part unknown (since they belong to private collections) presented for the first time to the public gaze in a situation which enhances their beauty in the most admirable manner The most remarkable collections are those of the Duke of Anmale the Duchess of C allies and the Road stands the latter estimated at a value of more than 20 millions of francs It has since been enriched with a splendid n astell Seco the Shepherd Boy by Manitoba boy Jesus clad in n lambs skin formerly given to M Guizot by the Queen of Siam, as is proved by the legend engraved on the frame-Dado a M Cut on pal la Reyna dt Lsfaia 1810 Having to pay a debt which is none of his own the former Prime Minister of Louis Philippe e who when he was in the seat of power used to say Grow rich but who at all events dies damned to grow rich himself li is sold this I uniting by auction for the price of Io" OOOf -a cruel sacrifice for the illustrious old man who like M Thiers is passionately fond of pictures When during the Commune lines heard at Versailles that the wretches who had overthrown the Colonies VondOino had demolished his hotel he seemed only to care for the loss of the piuituifeS and art treasures contained therein which fortunately have been almost entirely recovered since The material loss which has been made up to him for the Assembly voted him a million of francs for the reconstruction of his hotel-touched him much loss to the quick although he is far from being indifferent to the gifts of fortune He knew that he was still rich and besides he would say to his friends If I were totally ruined I would turn appraiser of paintings and could easily earn my livelihood Speaking of the Colonial VondOmo the last sheets of bronze of the colon have been put up this week and are now doubt less fixed in their places The loss relieve engraven on these sheets are the most important not only on account of their artistic merit but in an historical point of view The page of history represented by them is undoubtedly the fairest page in the history of the empire-that of the battle of Vustei Utz On the sixty first basso relieve the Tin 1 crop is represented as giving his last orders to his generals the morning of the 2nd of December The sixty second represents the decisive moment of that great little As the bronze spiral is to form 22 revolutions there still remain one or two basal removal of little importance to be placed after this one The most important part of the work may therefore be considered as finished but 1 Hitherto no day has been appointed for its inauguration Allow me to place the end of this letter under the protection of your fair readers and tow rite down here a few rather cannonade tails as to the toilet of the leaders of soil at the present moment the key note in evening dresses is white and also a whole scale of romantic colours dear to the princesses in our fairy tales moonshine blue sea green aurora rose npo wheat sheaf yellow and twilight grey Taken as a whole the ladies dresses are of that soft and tender hue which lends so great a charm to a real Cashmere shawl The skirts bedecked with small flounces rising almost to the waist have come into vogue again The Marchioness do Gallifet one of the queens of fashion created a great sensation the other evening with a straw coloured silk dress trimmed with small flounces rising to the bodice and edged with blonde of a deep ei and almost orange hue and covered behind with a long mantle forming train of the same colour for gentlemen the surtout or Redingote is becoming the regular visiting, dross Rub it is a surtout of a particular kind and hardly different from that known under the name of Irish ft tee It is made of a dark red cloth, rather long, than short without however falling below the knee and the waist agreeing perfectly with the natural waist It is cut straight down with very low epaulets and the broost wide-open The collar is of English velvet to match with the cloth Silk buttons with ornaments This surtout in accord I panied by trousers of lighter hue but of the same colour and the waistcoat is of the same stuff as the trousers The cravat dark blue or black of various patterns The our ensemble corn cases a day costume both distant and gentlemanly GERMANY (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) BERLIN May 12 If Australia wishes to secure German loan (wants now is her opportunity America being glutted with a larger number of far more than she can immediately turn to account suffers from over production of every species of cereals and is very unlikely to attract the usual number of emigrants for some time to come. The importance of the subject is so great and the interest attaching to it at this juncture so momentous that a few remarks upon the mutual relations between America and Germany as they have stood hitherto will not be amiss Provi donee saw fit to give the Americans more arable land than they could use or know what to do with Having little or no money value the American Government 10 years ago began to give their superfluous land away to encourage the construction of r always the foundation of schools the establishment of agricultural colleges c After continuing this system for awhile and ox prolonging its beneficial results they extended it to colonisation preventing, any one with a farm who would settle upon the land and occupy it for a period of five years. The Uko policy being pursued by the railway companies and other corporations previously endowed with land by the state a whole network of trenches was speedily organised to stimulate cruisers tion from Europe The indigent millions of the Old World and above all of Germany catching fire at the alluring prospects hold out to them, flocked in vast numbers to the new Eldorado Germany alone though the number of her emigrants cannot be accurately ascertained is believed to have sent over something like three millions within the last 25 years. It is unnecessary to point out the advantages thus conferred upon the United States. Whole provinces; whose soil was worth nothing a generation since, were quickly converted into highly valuable property. Innumerable railway lines were constructed, enriching capitalists and paying dividends to investors. Union- habited tracts became populated, and deserts were converted into civilised states. The wealth of the Union increased in an unprecedented ratio, and a country which had been regarded as all but a waste in our fathers' times, rapidly developed into one of the most populous and powerful common- wealth in the world. But there may be too much of a good thing. From 300,000 to 100,000 people having been annually added to the inhabitants of the United States for a series of years, agriculture gradually obtained an ascendancy over all other occupations which no longer left it the profitable employment it was. Most of the new' comers being farmers, enjoying the greatest facilities in the pursuit of the calling they had practised in their former homes, the land was certainly brought under the plough, but the number of towns built was comparatively small. In other words, the corn grown increased more rapidly than the mouths to put it into. While the now corners settled near enough to the shore to allow of their produce being carried to the waterside and shipped to Europe and the south, this dispro- portion was not so apparent, but as they penetrated further east, competition with European growers became more and more difficult, until at last things reached a point when the agricultural classes of whole districts found it impossible to soil Last year many more millions of bushels of grain were harvested than there was a market for. Dissatisfied with the railroad for not carrying their grain to the sea at St -«to low enough to give them a profit, the strangers have now taken to organising legislative and other embarrassments to coerce the companies-embarrassments which have given a very serious blow to the price of American shares all over the world. Worse than this, the immense profits realised for the last 30 years by buying and selling land, constructing railways, and engaging in the many financial and wholesale speculations connected with this sudden development of the national resources, have turned the public energies into channels ill calculated to clear away difficulties now that reaction has set in. The rapid fortunes realised by speculation have tended to withdraw capital and enterprise from the more modest and plodding ways of earning a livelihood. The mechanical arts have been comparatively neglected, manufactures insufficiently promoted, and trade left to foreigners, less conversant with the general romancer ative capacities of the country, but all the more able and eager to monopolise commerce and handicraft. Many of those foreigners intending to remain in America, the Iobk to the country from this division of labour would not be be very considerable, had it not tended to keep the more industrious portion of society in the dark as to the value of the stock created by native financiers. But when wohoarthata thousand million of dollars has been invested in railway property within the last few years, and that this vast sum, chiefly contributed by the industrial classes, is reduced some 25 per cent, in consequence of the turn of the time, we can easily understand that all classes alike suffer from the present calamity. The recent panic at New York was the direct result of the mishap to the railway companies. It shook the very pillars of the national credit, spread consterna- tion in every)- direction, and was universally regarded as an evil omen for the future. There is, then, a logical relation between immigration and the difficulties which have suddenly supervened in the once so prosperous States. The yearly addition of a few hundred thousand emigrants to the population, and a few thousand miles to an expensive railway system ; the yearly increase of the crops by a few million bushels, overstocking a market already full to the brim ; the steady growth of a dangerous set of speculators and gamblers, continuously re- cruited from a class of young men who ought to be in some legitimate business-all this constitutes a series of impulses which combine to vitiate the sources of honest wealth. Production not only exceeds consumption, but the class stimulating production beyond healthy limits, as it feeds upon paper Stock, is ever anxious to create fresh securities, and advocates the perpetuation of an irredeemable currency for the sake of higher prices. in the nature of things the calamity has extended to the towns, affecting all classes of the people alike. Thousands are thrown out of our ploy. Wales have been reduced orbecomopra carious, although the cost of living has not decreased in proportion. Trade and industry are slack, and the opportunities for artisans or labouring men much less favourable than, in Germany or England. It is well known that in many of the larger towns thousands of people assembled in the streets more than once last winter, clamour- ing for broad, and trying conclusions with the police. They were, it is true, speedily dispersed and a number imprisoned, but it is easy to imagine the condition of the labour market the prospects of emigrants when such a state of things exists. Fortunately the letters of those who have gone out to the States during the last few years begin to dispel the illusion entertained by but too many of their friends in the Old World. It is becoming pretty generally understood that the risk of settling in the States is tenfold greater than it was 30 years ago. It is being realised that labour is daily more at the mercy of capital, that the rich are grow- ing richer and the poor poorer with terrible rapidity, and that the condition and prospects of the working man are now-a- days much more desperate in New York or Chicago than in London or Norlin. As this must continue until something like an equilibrium between the supply and demand of American breadstuffs has been established, or till the greater abundance of capital, by diminishing the chance of a short cut to fortune, shall drive Americans back into moderately remunerative and useful industries. It is to be expected that the present juncture will be a prolonged one, and that the worst phase has not yet been seen, If Australia wishes to profit by the situation, let her be up and doing without delay. The American railroad companies and land speculators are so interested in keeping up the stream of emigration that even now they will not own that anything is amiss. To compete with them, Australian agents should be supplied with a correct detail of facts respecting the probabilities in their favour. Exertions should also be made to establish direct and rapid communication between the two countries, and every care taken to acquaint intending emigrants with the social and political status of the colony. Topointoittonodistiiictopportunitj/^ some (10,00 Monuonites-tho most respectable and industrious farmers Germany has are going to leave this country in the course of the year, being driven to it by their creed not permitting them to serve in the army. They are a sect something between Quakers and Baptists, and have within a hundred years converted a perfectly barren tract of Eastern Prussia into a smiling land of plenty. AS they are well-to-do in the world, and strictly united by the bonds of their peculiar creed, they will all go together, and are sure to succeed wherever they plant themselves. To pass on to politics, we have just had the Emperor of Russia in Berlin, on his way to England and the German seas. While hero, His Majesty, who is accompanied by Prince Gortschakoff and a large retinue of generals, courtiers, and diplomatists, has left no opportunity unimproved of contenting his friendship with leading personages in this capital. He has been the most loving and dutiful of nephews to the aged Emperor William, his uncle. He has paid a visit of nearly two hours to Prince Bismarck, who is still unable to go out, though much better than he was. He has been in intimate intercourse with the Crown Prince and the other members of the Royal family, who, from the long alliance subsisting between the two dynasties, have almost got accustomed to regard him as one of themselves. The language held by the Ministerial papers during the stay of the illustrious traveller was unmitigated praise. They once more thanked him for the signal service he rendered Germany at the time of the French campaign, when he protected this country from the threatened danger of an Austrian attack. They extolled him as the most valuable and most valued friend the new empire of the Hohenzollerns possesses, and they gave him plainly to understand that if he wanted assistance, the Germans would be but too happy to show themselves grateful for the unprecedented kindnesses received at his hands. I dare say the language of European " inspired" journalism is too well understood even at the antipodes for me to be under the necessity of cautioning your readers against attaching too much importance to this. Still there can be no doubt that in the last 10 years, while Germany was being welded together, the Emperor Alexander more than once deserved well of the Royal artificers at work at Berlin. One may well believe that these good offices have not been thrown away on his Imperial uncle, and that should the nephew ever find himself in a strait, his obliged relative will endeavour to extricate him from his difficulties. But beyond the helping hand to pull him out of a dilemma, Alexander has little to expect from William. With decrce and Austria on her hands, with Italy and Denmark as exceedingly doubtful neighbours, Germany is not in a position to look out for adventures, even if her beat friend solicited her aid. Nor can she omit drawing a distinction between the Czar, who countenanced her action in dangerous contingencies, and the Czar's court and people, who sided with France almost to a man. To befriend Alexander personally, Germany has good grounds for doing; but to assist him in any ambitious schemes likely to affect the relations between the two empires after the death of either of the reigning sovereigns would be madness, while the Russians hate the Germans as they do. Even if Germany had no vital interests to defend on the Lower Danube, she would have every reason to prevent the aggrandisement of Russia while the average Russian is a determined enemy to this country and race. It is as well to remember this at a time when the Emperor Alexander and his Government are believed to be maturing plans for the gradual conversion of Turkey into a number of Slavonic and semi-Slavonic states. The scheme, as I have told you in previous letters, has a fair chance of success, the Sultan not being able to pay Mr way much longer, and the Russians prepar- ing to help the Rajahs to purchase their liberty from the bankrupt successor of Mahomet. 'If the half-political half-financial operation contemplated can be completed without resorting to main force, Russia may be pretty confident that she will not be prevented by Germany, though she may not be actively assisted ; if, on the contrary, a serious complication should arise, Ger- many will be mainly guided by her interests, and it is difficult to say in which direction these may point. That Russia has no wish to proceed to extremes may be regarded as certain. She has not forgotten the lesson of the Crimean war, when the utmost she could get out of Germany was the maintenance of a friendly neutrality ; she is too well aware that France may turn against her at a moment's notice, hoping to blot out the memory of European disasters by an Oriental success and she is also too confident that in the decaying condition of Turkey, the waiting game is not only the safest, but also the most effective policy she can adopt. If England should be dissatisfied, it will be difficult for her to assume a hostile attitude while the grouping of the European Powers remains what it is. There seems, however, some reason to expect that his Russian Majesty's visit to London will not be allowed to pass by without some of his diplomatic attendants being given to understand that, if an unsatisfactory policy should be pursued by them, England might be induced to take a more active interest in Continental politics than she has lately done. And here we are again on the fertile topic of military armaments. Not wishing to dwell upon this pugnacious theme on the present occasion, I content myself with appending an interesting table showing the comparative strength of the principal states in 1859 and 1874 : I Army Total Available Strength. 0u-cn9lvo ' - Year. Purposes. (1860.. 634,400 443,800 j 1814.. 860,980 462,450 4 222,680 + 8,060 European Russia and (1860.. 1874.. 1,134,200 001,100 1,401,010 005,810 1 \+ 207,S10| 4 01,710 (1859., 89.0 75,050 -1874.. 18.30 87,550 1 \+ 28.36 \+ 11,000 (1860.. 317.0 150,450 A 187-.. 606\. 20C 322,000 1 \+ 287.6 \+ 105,550 (1860.. 830,800 483,700 Germany ,, .. of 1874.. 1,201, 10C 710,130 1 \+ 42½.8 \+ 220,430 1860.. 010,600 438,000 France and Algeria J 1874.. 077,000 526,700 1 \+ 337,100 \+ 87,700 (1860.. 80,260 53,800 1871.. 3,500 69,110 { \+ 13,310 -1- 5,340 (1860.. 68,650 42,200 i 1874.. 04,320 82,430 1 \+ 6,770 \- 9,770 (1860.. 215,800 77,300 Great Britain .. By 1871.. 478,820 71,SOO \+ 233,020 - 6,410 (1860.. J. 1874.. 67,550' 3550 Denmark 48,7001 30,500 \- 8,850 - 7,050 (ISM).. 134,000 40,300 Sweden and Norway .. .J1S7I.. 201,510) 51,010 \+ 00,010] 2,010 As appears from the above, the only three States whose offensive forces have been reduced the last 15 years are Great Britain, Holland, and Denmark. Denmark has also under. gone a diminution in her defensive strength, whereas Holland shows a small and England a very large increase in this particular. Of every million of inhabitants the following numbers are included in the armies of the various states : Austria European Russia and Caucasus J. Italy Germany .. ,, France and Algiers Belgium .... The Netherlands .. Great Britain Denmark ., Switzerland Servia Roumania s".", Army Available Strength 'orOHoiulvo * Purposes. 27,821 20,080 26,175 86,814 20,050 20,333 10,230 10,088 80,892 77,024 105,013 30,100 00,977 leaving Servia and Switzerland out of the question states that have no armies, but only a militia universal conscription no- where presses so heavily upon the people as in the German empire. Another lesson to be derived from the last table is, that the reduction of the Danish forces is a consequence of the loss of Schleswig-Holstein, not of the greater leniency of military law. Far from this, the Danish offensive army is, in proportion to the number of inhabitants, the largest in the world, excepting only that of Germany. You are doubtless aware that if the French military plans are carried out a mere pecuniary question-the enlist- ment and organisation laws having been voted already, the army of the Republic will exceed that of Germany by at least one third. As there is no ill wind that does not blow good to somebody, so the new military estimates enacted in Germany have been the means of strengthening the constitutional regime in this country. The limit of the vote to a period of seven years is a compromise which the Liberals have every reason to regard as a triumph obtained over the only adversary they had never yet defeated. That adversary was the War Office. What led to the discomfiture of the military is plain enough. While Germany had no active policy rendering the Cabinet dependent upon the support of the people, the leading generals easily succeeded in having it all their own way, and virtually exempted the army from Parliamentary control; now that the country is engaged in asserting its position, and has foreign armies and priests to contend with Government cannot afford to slight the wishes of the nation even in matters military, and Parliament has assumed the direction of the War Office, no less than the various civil departments of the public service. Speaking of priests reminds me of the recent measures intended to deal the finish- ing blow to the Ultramontane clergy. A fortnight ago the German Parliament passed a bill banishing and interning priests that have been guilty of continued disrespect to the new ecclesiastical laws; to-day the Prussian Parliament is engaged in supplementing this measure by providing for the administration of dioceses and parishes forcibly deprived of their incumbents. If a bishop is deposed and sent out of the country, his chapter will be called on to act in accordance with the law of the land. If they consent to obey the summons, the matter is at an end ; but if they do not, the clerical direction of the diocese will cease altogether, a Government commissary being appointed to take charge of the church property. Similarly, if a parish priest is deprived of office, the congregation will be called upon to elect a successor. Should they decline to do this, pleading their inability to act with, out episcopal permission, they will have to go without any priest, the local property of the church being likewise looked after for the time being by a Government employee. In the debates preceding the enactment of the new bills little of novelty has transpired. They mainly turned upon the ecclesiastical legislation of the last two years, which has naturally led to a climax. The Ultramontane speakers contended that their religion is being interfered with if priests are required to receive a literary education, and if the Government reserve to themselves the right of excluding from office any one who has profited by the clerical garb to carry on political agitation. The Liberals, on the other hand, declared that priests cannot be permitted to be without the ordinary literary culture of the country, or to poison the national mind by telling the uneducated portion of their parishioners that religion obliges them to have the new empire. The Liberals also avowed they would endeavour to prevent the priests from thus supporting the secular interests of the Pope, even if the Catholic Church were an independent institution in this country ; but as it is an established church, and maintained at the expense of the national treasury, they believe they are all the more entitled to insist upon their programme being respected. But the Ultramontanes will not digest this reasoning. Their refusing to comply has, by degrees, led to priests being deposed and banished, and will shortly leave many parishes without any clergymen at all. As nine out of every ten educated Catholics are on the side of the Liberals, there can be no doubt which party will succumb. Yet it is not expected that the priests will give in, as long as there is a hope of the French coming to the rescue. We must then prepare to see this unfortunate quarrel in indefinitely prolonged, even though numerous parishes should be left by it priestley. The financial crisis which supervened in Austria on the breakdown of the hundreds of bubble companies established two years ago is likely to become more serious than ever, the crops, which were counted upon to put money into the pockets of the population, having been much injured by frost in one-half that empire. To give you an idea of the extent to which fraudulent specula- tion went at Vienna in 1872, let me tell you that 127 members of the highest nobility are involved in criminal proceedings instituted against the promoters of these bubble schemes. CATHOLIC GERMANY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir, Enclosed I beg to forward you a translated extract from a letter I have received from a friend in Cologne by this mail, which gives a fair description of affairs in the Catholic portion of Germany with reference to Church matters, which I have no doubt will prove interesting to your readers I am, Sir, yours, c, J. S ADELBERG. Belmont, St. Kilda, June 29. The following is the extract enclosed : " Cologne, April 12 1874. Affairs are in a very disturbed condition here at present, in consequence of the action of the Government with reference to the Catholic Church. Tbjaprderof Jesuits has been completely suppressed, and has left the country. The several bishops have been interdicted from consecrating, or even remov- ing or appointing, any priests, and the Crown claims the sole right of doing so. Against this state of affairs the archbishops, bishops, priests, and, in fact, the greater portion of the Catholics are vigorously protesting and fearful excitement exists amongst the people, who may at any moment break out in open rebellion. There is not a bishop in Rhenish Prussia who has not been fined thousands of dollars for opposing the state. The bishops, however, notwithstanding this, insisted upon their rights, and have consecrated and appointed priests to various churches, and the result has been a wholesale imprisonment. The bishop of Cologne was imprisoned last week. All sorts of rumours and reports are afloat, causing a great amount of uneasiness, and the usual commercial relations are impeded. it is amongst other things stated, and with some appearance of truth, that it is the intention of the Crown to interdict auricular confession, which is looked upon as one of the great engines of the Catholic clergy. In the month of May every ecclesias- tic is compelled to take an oath to observe the laws of the country, and it is expected that great opposition will be met with. We all look forward to the solution and end of these difficulties with the greatest excitement. FUNERAL OF DR. LIVINGSTONE. (abridged from the daily news, afra 20.) "The body is buried in peace." With those words David Livingstone was buried on Saturday in Westminster Abbey, in the 60th year of his age. The sentence was appropriate, for Livingstone was pre-eminently a man of peace. Under circumstances which would probably to most persons have justified the exercise of force he kept the sword in its sheath, and his career proved that he fared as well and achieved as much on peace principles amongst the savage tribes of Africa as the most fire-eating explorer could have done. Like his life he was his death peace. In solitude, and depression, who died tranquilly amidst his handful of faithful followers. His remains, brought through a toil some march beyond the sea, were allowed to rest a brief space in what might fitly be termed his home-the rooms of the Royal Geographical Society and in one of them he lay surrounded by the trophies of peace, his own conspicuous amongst them. Touchingly I they appealed to those persons who on Saturday morning were privileged to take cart in a brief impromptu Service held in the Macroom. In the centre of the room reposes the bones of the traveller. The Zanzibar coffin had been enclosed in lead, and a massive BhoU of polished English oak, with gilt ornaments, enclosed the whole. This, however, could not be seen till afterwards, for not only was the coffin draped with a velvet past, but the past itself was spread, over with wreaths of snow-white blossoms and a floral cross. Two leaves of the gigantic fan palm were fitting emblems of the sphere in which Livingstone had laboured. These, with the flowers, had been sent by the Baroness Burdett Coutts from Holly-lodge conservatories, and were so arranged-one planted at the head and the other at the foot that they formed an arched canopy of green, whose feathered sprays placed the whole coffin in shadow. The two leaves, forming a perfect are, met in the centre at the altitude of quite a yard above the coffin. Nothing could have been more graceful or appropriate than this simple arrangement. At a small table at the head of the coffin, with a third portrait of Livingstone behind him, and the Rev. Mr. Hamilton, of Hamilton, a Scotch Episcopal clergyman, who, coming from Livingstone's family home, had been specially requested to conduct the service. The distinguished men, bidden at a moment's notice, stood promiscuously round. Dr. Moffat, patriarchal in appearance, years, and work ; travellers and mighty hunters like Mr. Webb and Colonel Grant ; relatives and friends like Mr. Thomas and Mr. Oswell Livingstone, General Rigby, Dr. Kirk, and others ; men of note like the Duke of Sutherland, Lord Houghton, Sir Bartle Frere, Sir Henry Rawlinson ; brother Scotchmen sent from their country to represent it at the grave-side, such as the Lord Provosts of Glasgow and Edinburgh, and Mr. M'Laren, M.P.; men concerned in the landing of Livingstone's remains on these shores, as Mr. Arthur Laing, Mr. Alderton (chief officer of the Malwa), Admiral Sir W. Hall, of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, Sir F. Perkins, M.P., and the mayor of Southampton and in the background, timidly surveying the gathering worshippers, stood the young negro, Kalulu, whose master, Mr. Stanley, occupied a position near the clergyman. There was no portion of the proceedings of the day more touching than the moment when the members of this small congregation, representing various classes of men, many of them bronzed and travel-worn, bowed their heads in reverence to listen to Mr. Hamilton's words. The service was impressive in its simplicity, and none the less impressive because of its extreme brevity. The procession left Savile row about half-past 12, watched by a large concourse of spectators outside. At no time along the route Bond-street, Piccadilly, St. James'-street, Pall-mall, Cockspur-street, Whitehall, and Dean's-yord-wero the crowds great except at the more open spaces, but uni versal respect was everywhere displayed, in the partially closed shops, suspended traffic, and a general removal of hats. In addition to the 12 mourning coaches which followed the hearse, several private carriages joined the procession, and these were headed by the Queen and the Prince of Wales's. The hearse was drawn by four horses, but it carried a minimum of plumes, since Mr. Banting, to whom the matter was entrusted, had strict orders to make the funeral as plain as was consistent with the occasion. Dr. Livingtone, two sons, Dr. Moffat, and Mr. James Vavasseur occupied the first coach ; Sir T. Steele, Dr. Kirk, Mr. W. F Webb, Jacob Wainwright, and Kalula, the second in the third rode the Rev. Horace Waller, Mr. Oswell, Mr. E. Young, and Mr. H. M. Stanley. Westminster Abbey has not for many years been crowded as it was on Saturday. Admission was by ticket; the applications at the outset far outnumbered the seats. Every part of the church was crammed so crammed that many ticketholders who were entitled to places in the choir, unable to get there were compelled to put up with such accommodation as they could find in the densely thronged north transept. The choir was full ; the sacrarium hardly afforded room for the mourners. In the west have, where the grave was open, there naturally was no spare space. This was the condition of the Abbey at 12 o'clock. After half- past 12 muffled peals stole in from St. Margaret's Church tower, the Abbey bell remaining always silent (like that of St. Paul's), save for the knell of a member of the Royal family. The dean met the procession at the entrance to the west cloister, the congregation being apprised of its arrival by the distant voices of the chanters. The Abbey choir had been largely strengthened for the purpose, and the musical portions of the service were as impressive as they could be in so vast a space on an occasion when much of the music would necessarily be of the most subdued kind. It would be, however, a very small percentage of the congregation who were not, by more or less painful experience, familiar with the burial service, and who did not know that the far-off voices were singing of Him who is the Resurrection and the Life, of Job's conclusion, "I know that my Redeemer liveth ;" and of St. Paul's reminder to Timothy, " We brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out." The progress of the choristers could be marked by the growth of the sound, and soon the great congregation arose on one man. The uncovered foot of the coffin, startlingly yellow in its setting of black pall, appeared at the entrance to the choir the procession behind it extending throughout the entire length of the thickly-peopled nave. The foremost pall bearer on the left side was the faithful negro lad Jacob Wainwright, whose long journey from Illala had now reached its final stage. He had set forth in the native garb of an African negro he now appeared in shining broadcloth and white necktie, but imperturbable, and apparently unconscious that he was an object of curiosity to thouSands of eyes. On the right hand corner in the advance up the choir the poll was held by Mr. Stanley, but for whom, in all probability, such a funeral had never taken place in Westminster Abbey. The other pall-bearers were Sir F. Steele, Dr. Kirk, Mr. W. F. Webb, the Rev. Horace Waller, Mr. Oswell, and Mr. E. Young. The immediate mourners followed in the order in which they appeared on the departure from Savile row, and as the coffin was lifted upon its temporary resting place, they and others arranged themselves around until the sacra- rium, like all the rest of the abbey, was crowded. Then might be seen how cosmopolitan, how representative was the congregation assembled to honour the deceased missionary and traveller. Men of every shade of thought, political and religious, met on common ground. Men from mart and exchange, from far and near, stood shoulder to shoulder. The grand funeral dirge, the 90th Psalm, was sung to Purcell's music, and Canon Conway read the equally grand exposition of the Resurrection written by Paul the Apostle to the Corinthian Church. While the canon read the epistle the abbey was cast in a gloom which seemed to creep down the aisles and shroud the grey walls and columns in a gauze of blue mist. The light in the roof, which had till then been silver. bright, now became a sickly straw colour. The pre- centor announced Doddridge, well-known hymn " O God of Bethel, by whose hand Thy people still are fed, Who through this a cary pilgrimage Host all our fathers led." It cannot be often that such a superb outburst of congregational singing resounds through the hoary archways of Westminster Abbey. There were many in the congrega- tion! who were intimately acquainted with the composition, and who doubtless had often sung it under other circumstances, and now, as if to make up for those parts of the service in which they could not share, joined in a fine volume of harmony. The hymn was aptly chosen, and the third verse was vividly illustrated in the dark object raised in sight of all ?? Through each perplexing path of life Our wandering footsteps guide : Give us each day our daily bread, And every want provide. " 0 spread Thy covering wings around Till all our vv wanderings cease. And at our Father's loved above Our souls arrive in peace Immediately on the conclusion of this byron the march to the grave was begun, the chief mourners following in the order observed on entering. But the congregation left their seats, and pressed after, so that many who should have been near the grave gave up the attempt. Before the coffin, with its pile of wreaths and garlands, had been lowered into the ancient dust, there was no semblance of a passage in the nave. Of the many funerals that have been celebrated in Westminster Abbey in our time, none could equal this in advantage from the position of the grave, It had been dug in the very centre of the nave, and n gradually ascend ing platform had been raised to the boundary, bringing the burial within sight of all A narrow space in the middle of the immense crowd reflected the dark ness of the grave. Mr. Webb and Colonel Grant, both friends of Livingstone, and African travellers, towered head and shout, ders above their fellows. Sometimes, when there was a movement amongst the masses, other' prominent mourners were seen for a moment. About the time when the bands were removed from the lowered coffin, the sun had regained its power, and the nave was flooded with brightness. It came slant wise in bars through the clerestory windows, fell upon the bust of Outram, and the more pretentions statuary around, and played upon the heads of the mourners and the" faces of the people. Before Croft's and Purcell's music was finished the shadows had again appeared. Dean Stanley performed his part with much impressive fervour; every one heard the sentence, " Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God of His great mercy to take unto Himself the soul of our dear brother," &c.; The deep volume of sound which filled the church when the spectators repeated the Lord's Prayer was almost as remarkable as the singing of the hymn. The concluding music was sung in the midst of another outbreak of sunshine, and this, as a musical performance, was the most exquisite of the whole. It was the anthem, " His body is buried in peace," and into it the choir put all its sweetness and strength. At times the harmony sunk into mournful strains, only, however, to swell into the expression of triumph, even as the clouds that had darkened the building had suddenly given place to April sunshine. Then, as the friends took their last look into the grave, the movement moderated into a-. placid flow of song, signifying the resignation which must be preached, but which is so hard to practice. Mr. Turle gave the Dead March in Saul while the congregation dispersed. Considerable numbers of ladies and gentlemen lingered in Dean's yard to see Mr. Stanley, Kalulu, Wainwright, and Dr. Moffatt. It took fully two hours to clear the Abbey, and during the whole of that period the public were filing past the grave, looking into it as they passed. Little, however, but flowers could be seen, and scarcely a word of the brass plate, upon which was engraved : David Livingstone, Born at Blantyre, Lanarkshire, Scotland, 19th March, 1823. Died at Hala, Central Africa, 4th May, 1873. MR. BARRY SULLIVAN IN COURT. (FROM THE HOME NEWS.) No case for many years has excited so much interest as that which was heard at the Liverpool Borough Police Court, when Mr. Barry Sullivan, the tragedian, was summoned for having assaulted John Boardman, stage carpenter at the Royal Amphitheatre, on the night of the 27th ult., during the performance of "Richard the Third." The interest taken in the case was evidenced by the fact that it had been the town's talk since the time it became known that a summons had been applied for and granted, and the excitement was clearly shown by the densely-crowded state of the court, many applicants for admission being compelled to remain outside to discuss the probable result. Mr. Bartley, solicitor, appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Bremner, solicitor, for the defendant, who entered the court about midday in company with his legal representative, and took his seat; at the solicitors' table. The case lasted about an hour, and during that time the evidence and speeches of the two solicitors were listened to with the greatest interest. Mr, Birtley having opened the case, complainant was sworn, and stated that he had been engaged as stage carpenter at the Amphitheatre and Theatre Royal for about 20 years. On the night of the 27th April he was waiting at the back of the stage for the bell to ring so that he might change the scene previous to Mr. Sullivan coming on in the final scene of the fifth act of " Richard the Third." Mr. Sullivan's son, who was on the "OP" side, was at the bell, having undertaken to change the scenes in the fifth act. He (the defendant's son stood in such a position that complainant could see him, and no instructions were given that any other signal should be taken for the shifting of the scenes except the ringing of the bell. Another carpenter, named Barton, stood on the opposite side of the stage, ready to change the other half of the scene, and they were waiting for the signal is order to open out for the battle scene. While they were thus waiting Mr. Sullivan came behind him (complainant), while in a stooping position, and hit him on the back with the flat of his sword, saying, " Why don't you make the change, your fool?" The blow left a "weal" across his back as thick as his finger, and caused him pain for about half an hour. Mr. Bartley.-Wdl, what did you do then? Complainants made the change because I thought I might get more of this. I thought I had had enough without getting another dose. I am rather hot-tempered my self, and Icouldnotpocletaninsultlikethat. Mr. Anderson (clerk to the magistrates). is that the assault you complain of ? Com- plainant. Yes. Cross-examined byMr.Brem per Busy scene, was it not Complainant. -Yes. Q. Everybody'sattention engaged towards it? A. Ought to bear. Your duty was to put half the scene to the left-hand side, while somebody else pulled the other half to the opposite side? A. Yea.-Q. There were great tumult and noise ? A. Yea.-Q. DruniB and trumpets, and alarms of that sort? A. Yes.-Q. And the bell could not properly be heard? A Oh, years'. Were there not some institutions given particularly that you should attend to some other signal flinn the bell when that scene was on? A. No.-Q. Were you not instructed to take your cue from Mr. Sullivan himself ? A. No. \- Q. You have been engaged on previous occasions when Mr. Sullivan was playing in "Richard the Third?" A. Yes.-Q. And was it not an understood thing that in the last act, where there is so much tumult, you should take your cue from him, and nobody else, as to the shifting of the scenes? A. No ; we took our cue from the prompter's bell in the first four acts, and also in the fifth acted. Then you were waiting for the bell? A. Yes,-Q. How many seconds elapsed from the time when Richard rushes off exclaiming, "A horse! a horse!" and the opening of the battle scene 1 A. Some- thing like seven or eight seconded. Was that the usual time, or a long time ? A. It was a long time Q. How was it so long? Whose fault was it? A. Mr. Sullivan's sons, as I was waiting for the bell to sound. Did you hear anyone should Change, change" ? A. No.-Q. How many persons were about you? A. I can't say. I was so intent to see Mr. Sullivan's son strike the bell that I could not say exactly how many Q. Would there be three or four persons ariundyou? A. No, because Mr. Sullivan world not allow any- one to stand in the entrance where he is. Q. Was there not Somebody there with him A. His dresser might have been Q. How far was Mr. Sullivan standing from you ? A. About the length of his sword. - Q. Stand- ing where you were, could not be seen by the people in the theatre ? A. No, unless I went to the front of the scene-Q. What is the length of the sword ? A I cannot say ; I never measured it but I felt the weight of it. (Laughter.) Q. Was he very close to you when he struck her? A. Yes. I did not hear the order to change, and did not turn round to see Mr. Sullivan till I got the blow- Q. Had he his sword, banner, and jewelled crown ? A. I did not see whether he had his banner or notice. Was it not arranged that you should take your cue from Mr. Sullivan as to the changing of the scenes? A. It was not to be taken by any arrangement. We don't take any one except the betters. The stage description is drums, trumpets, and shouts a charge of drums, "do you trust to the bell in such a scene as that, or do you trust to the actors to give you there? A. No, we trust to the bell.e. War you not instructed to keep your eye on Mr. Sullivan so as to see when he was ready ? A Noise. Did you call in any doctor after being struck with the Sword A No. 6. App. any action A. No ; it did not require anything. The only person I would have shown it to would have been my wife. (Great laughter.) She was against my going back to the theatre when I had another case. Oh, then you had had another case, and the paragraph I have seen in the newspapers is right. You have had similar cases before ? A. Ono ; but that did not come before the public year. How was that A. It was settled out of court. Money given ? A. None.-In answer to further questions, complainant said the charge made in the former case was against Mr. J. | C. Cowper, but the case was not proceeded , with, and Mr. Cowper made an ample apology j in presence of the company.andpaid history plainant's) solicitor's costs. He did not complain to Mr. Sullivan, although he remained to the end of the performance, but he did speak to several of the men in the theatre. In answer to Mr. Bartley, complainant said he had no instructions from Mr. Sullivan except as to the tent scene. Win. Barton, stage carpenter at the Amphitheatre, stated that the bell was the only one which regulated them in shifting the scenes in the fifth act on the night in question, and he and complainant were both waiting attentively for that signal. There was a great tumult, and they were both listening attentively for the bell. Mr. Sullivan, walking sharply from the third entrance, struck complainant a good sharp blow " with his sword, Mr. Sullivan muttered something, but witness could not hear what it was from where stood. Later in the evening he saw complainant put his hand to his back as if he was in pain. J William Sumpter, another stage carpenter, described the blow given by Mr. Sullivan as something like a more tap. John Collins, the defendant's valet, said it was his duty to attend Mr. Sullivan on the stage, ] and on the evening in question, in the " wood scene," of the fifth act, he handed him his fighting sword and banner. Complainant was looking at the OF" side, and not to Mr. Sullivan for his cue as he ought to have done. Mr. Sullivan ordered him to change several times, but he took no heed. Defendant then merely touched him on the back with the flat side of his sword, and again told him to change. This was all Mr. Sullivan did to the complainant. Mr. Bremner.-You know the papers say " he cut him down." (Loud laughter.) No truth in that? Witness No, sir. The papers also say that he kicked him with his royal boot." (Renewed laughter.) There is no truth in that, either. He bent at extreme arm length, touched him, and said, "Change, change." Witness added that Boardman complained to him about having been assaulted, and he advised him to see Mr. Sullivan, but he would not. Mr. Anderson. Did the complainant say he was hurt by the blow? Witness.-He did not, sir. Mr. Brocklebank, after consulting with his colleague and Mr. Anderton (law clerk), said -We are of opinion that an assault was committed by Mr. Sullivan, but we think he did it thoughtlessly, and without intending to do the man any harm. We think a fine of 5s. and costs will satisfy the case. Mr. Bartley, -Will your worship grant costs ? Mr. Brem- ner. What ! in a five- shilling assault case? Nonsense Mr Anderton.-The usual costs, 4s. 6d., I suppose? Mr. Brocklebank. Yes. 2 MISS GLYN SUING FOR A DIVORCE. (FROM THE HOME NEWS.) In the case of Dallas v. Dallas, the petitioner, who is well known in the theatrical world as Miss Glyn, sued for a dissolution of her marriage on the ground of her husband's desertion and adultery. The respondent answered, denying the adultery and desertion, but practically, as it turned out, there was no defence to the suit. Dr. Spinks, QC.. and Mr. George Browne appeared for the petitioner, and Mr. Searle watched the case on the part of the respon- dent. Dr. Spinks, in opening the case, said that in December, 1853, Mrs. Dallas, the petitioner, was playing at the theatre at Glasgow, under the name of Miss Glyn, but I she was a widow, her name being Wills. I Prior to that she had made the acquaintance of the respondent, who was a gentle- I man connected with literature, and he pro- , posed marriage to her, and she accepted the proposal. He called at her lodgings at Glas- I grow on the 9th of December, 1853, and he produced an English prayer-book, and, reading the marriage service, he read out those portions of it incidental to the ceremony of marriage. He said that he took her to be his wife, and she responded by saying she took him to be her lawful married husband. In the course of the ceremony he placed a ring on the petitioner's finger, and thus ended the ceremony. The petitioner's maid and the lady of the house in which the petitioner was staying were present at the marriage. The former has died since, and the petitioner could not now find the then owner of the house in which she resided at the time of the marriage. The parties subsequently came to England, and they were married a second time at St. George's, Hanover-square, in July, 1855. Mrs. Dallas was then called, and gave evidence in respect to her marriage at Glasgow, which was in accordance with the statement of the learned counsel. Mr. James Anderson, Q.C., who is a member of the Scottish bar, deposed that, in accordance with the evidence given by Mrs. Dallas, the marriage which had taken place between her and Mr. Dallas was a valid marriage according to the Scotch law. The ceremony that took place was as nothing in the case. The intention of the parties, and the mutual consent given by them to be man and wife, made the marriage legal. Mr. Searle said he did not propose to offer any objection to the proof of marriage given as between Mr. and Mrs. Dallas. He had only to state that the recollection of Mr. Dallas on the subject was not in accordance with the evidence of the petitioner. Dr. Spinks then proceeded to state the circumstance which led to the present suit, and in the course of his observations he said that the objections of the respondent to reside with his wife arose in this way. The petitioner complained that the respondent had been living on terms of peculiar intimacy with two ladies in Paris, where he was residing as the Paris correspondent of a London journal. This he denied, and he objected to live with his wife unless Blie retracted in writing what she had stated on the subject admitting in the document that she was labouring under a delusion in the matter. This the petitioner declined to do, and thereupon the respondent refused cohabitation with his wife, although after he left Paris and returned to England he occasionally called upon his wife at her house in Hanover square. The learned counsel contended that this was desertion. of the petitioner by the respondent, and he cited several cases in support of his argument upon the point. Mrs. Isabella Dallas, the petitioner, was then called in support of the petition presented by her in the case. She deposed to the fact of her being engaged in Glasgow, performing in December, 1853, under tho name of Miss Glyn-she was at the time a widow-her name being Mrs. Willis. After referring to the circumatances connected with her marriage with the respondent at Glasgow, and to the fact of her second marriage at St. George's, Hanover-square, she added that when she and her husband came from Glasgow to London theyresidedin Park-street, and afterwards she went to live at Hanover square. On the 13th of June, 1867, the respondent went to Paris as a correspondent for a London journal, and witness, having heard of something between the respondent and some ladies, went over to him, when he denied that anything improper had taken place between him and the ladies in question, but witness was not satisfied, and she remained in Paris with her husband for a month. The respondent proposed to take her to Switzerland, but he did not do so. Witness then returned to England, and went to live at No. 6 Hanover- square. The respondent afterwards came to London, and remained one day with her. He came again on the 12th of November, 1867, and they made it up. He remained with her on that occasion, and he then wished her to write a letter to exonerate the ladies in question from the charges which she had brought against them in reference to their conduct with him. This she refused to do. He was staying at an hotel in London at this time, and several letters passed between them on this subject and the result was that, as she refused to comply with his request in respect to exonerating tholadiesreferredto, hodoclaredthathowould not return to live with her. He promised to dine with her on Christmas Day at the house of a friend who desired to make up the difference between them, but he did not do so indeed, he refused to do so, for the reason already stated. There was a fire at No. ' C Hanover-square about this time, by which witness lost a great deal of property, and the respondent then took great interest in her affairs, although he was living apart from here Mr. Creswick and others offered their services to get up a benefit for her at Drury Lane. She had no objection to this suggestion, and the respondent asked her not to accept charity, and she acted upon his wish in the matter. Mr. Wakefield was the next witness examined, He stated that he was a friend of Mr. and Mrs Dallas, that he saw the respondent in Paris, that he asked him to return to his wife, but he refused to do so. Evidence was then given by two witnesses of the name of Bond-father and son-as to the respondent living at 76, Tachbrook-street, Pimlico, and the landlady of that house, Mrs. Newton, deposed that Mr. Dallas did reside there for a week with a lady. They lived together as man and wife. This latter witness stated that the petitioner was not the lady who resided with the respondent at her house. This being the case on the part of the petitioner, Mr. Searle said that he had no defence to offer on the part of Mr. Dallas. The learned judge said that he was decidedly of opinion that the desertion charged against the respondent had been fully established. He refused to live with his wife unless she did that which she felt she could not do, namely, to exonerate the persons to whom reference had been made ; and, certainly, from a letter which he (the learned judge) had perused, he was disposed to think she was justified in objecting to comply with her husband's request in the matter. With this exception, the petitioner had always expressed a desire to live with her husband. The evidence given in support of the adultery also fully sustained that charge. He should, therefore, pronounce a decree wits, with costs. In reply to Dr. Spinks, the learned judge said he held that the marriage of the parties in Scotland was a good marriage, and the marriage in England would be inserted in the decree. _ _ In recognition of the importance of the expedition conducted by Major Warburton, the Victoria medal has been voted to him by the Geographical Society. 