Late English News. FifOM the 5. if. Herald's telegram of home news urought by the mail steamer l'cra, we make the following extracts : Au JI P., writing to thc Times, suggests that self-supporting colonies should hear the expenses of vessels of the Imperial Navy cruis- ing in their waters. It is the practice of the Dutch colonies, and thc Press generally think it worth imitation. Tho Colonial Secretary has agreed to act os arbitrator between British Columbia and the Dominion for thc settlement of thc disagree- ment respecting the terms of thc union, pro- vided both Governments agree to accept his decision as final. After his return from Ireland, Sir Gavan Duffy visited Lord Carnarvon, At High Clerc, William Hopwood, a Tich- borne witness, was sentenced to one year's imprisonment for bigamy. The claimant's late secretary applied for a summons against Mary Ami Loader for perjury. Thc appli- cation was referred to tue Court of Queen's Bunch, Mr. Sothern has relinquished thc idea of visiting Australia. The project is revived for erecting a perma- nent building for colonial exhibits. Mr. Childers was nominated chairman of the Great Western Railway in Canada. A prolonged discussion has taken place in London papers relative to emigration, princi- pally to Canada. A Bohemian has published in the Times some doleful letters on his experiences and ob- servations in the United States and Canada, which elicited replies from Mr. Edward Jen- kins, Rev. Mr. Herring, and other promoters of emigration. A Phiadelphian Society, established to assist Englishmen in distress, recommends temporary suspending emigration to America, and is helping hundreds to return. The cruel mis- representations of agents in Eugland arc strongly denounced ; artisans especially are warned against leaving England ; thc qnality of men Bent out is much conrplaincd of in Canada. Tho limes pronounces against Canada on account of thc severity of the climato, and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania iii preference, yet large cargoes arc still being shipped off. 500 labourers and families left last week; and the agricultural strike having collapsed, Mr. Arch threatens wholesale deportation to Canada. Mr. Taylor, the secretary, has gone over on a tour of inspection. Irish emigration has greatly declined. 130 immigrants from Shetland have left in the steamer Schiller, for New Zealand. Thc deceived emigrants have just returned from Brazil to Berlin in a wretched condition. Tallerman's Meat Agency Company has de- clared another dividend of 10 per cent. The labour market still remains in a highly inflamed condition. The wages question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affecting 40,000 persons, after lasting eight weeks, was terminated on August 20 by submission to thc master's terms. On the same day, at a meeting of 13,000 slate quarry- men near Bethesda, it was agreed to accept the concessions of Lord Penrhyn, subject to I the dismissal of two obnoxious agents. Tho j minimum weekly wage is 30s. to skilled men. j These conditions being refused, the men have cleared out their tools from the quarry. The miners of Fifeshirc and Clackmannan having refused to submit to a reduction .of IS per cent, the masters have decided ¿ii a general lock-out. Thc men, however, have not agreed; 2100 voted for resistance, and 1154 for acceptance ; 3300 have not voted. A secession from the Onion is probable. In West Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire, and Durham, notices of a reduction have been given by colliery owners, and a similar move- ment is impending in Northumberland. Thc Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of reduction to arbi- tration in London, and tho decision affirmed demands of employers for 121 per cent abate- ment. Some Leicestershire miners have struct against reduction of (id. per day. After a pro traded resistance aud several conferences, thc the South Wales miners agreed to submit to $ 10 per cent reduction on condition that wage! are not again lowered during the present year. Tho bulk of Iockcd- out labourers hav< obtained work, without surrendering tickets, at improved wages. Many aged men, how ever, by joining tho Union will have to entei the workhouse. Thc lock-out lasted eighteei weeks ; 870 returned to work without givin< up tickets, and about 400 arc still unemployed The pilgrim band finally broke up at Halifax only 21 of the original 100 remaining at Brad ford. About £700 was cleared ; they reniaii in Scotland till November. On his return from Iceland the Danish Kin¡ visited Edinburgh, where he received ai enthusiastic welcome ; a fleet of fourteei steamers went out to escort the Royal party and the city was gaily decorated in theil honour. Thc Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to Copenhagen. The Princi nf Wales meanwhile has figured in a scries o festivities at Plymouth, to celebrate thi opening of the new Guildhall, costing £00,000 on one day there was a grand Freemasons demonstration, and on the closing day i military ceremony and performance of tty "Creation" at Guildhall. The Prince arrivée at Marlborough House ou the 22nd, am during thc day visited the Empress of Austria The Prince and Princess of Kaumania, am Prince of Austria and thc live Royal children left thc same day in tho Royal yacht Oabonv for Copenhagen. Thc Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, ¿fte being banquet tod at Brussels, reached Folkc stone on August 20, on their return from ; Continental tour. Thc town was decorated and au address of welcome presented. The) have since been at Balmoral, and on the 2Stl the Duko pays a visit to Liverpool for severo days. Tho Imperial Prince and Princess « Germany left Ryde on August 24 on a voyag back to the Continent. Tiie Prince of Wale went to Berlin a week later, to bc present a the confirmation of thc Imperial Prince' eldest son on 1st September, tlc will accom pany thc Emperor to witness thc militai manouvres at Hanover from ]3th to 19ti instant. Tho Austrian Emperor has arrived in Ene, laud iacuqnito to join thc Empress at the Isl of Wight. M. dc Jarnac is appointed French Anibassa dor in London. The evidence being insufficient to prove th charges against Sir George Elliott, uicmhc for North Durham, thc petition waa with drawn. Mr. Gladstoue, iu his letter to thc Guardia >; flcnies thc statement industriously propagate that thc Queen had endeavoured to iuflucne his conduct with regard to the Public Worshij Regulation Bill. The break-up of the Askautee monarchy i quickly following the Euglish victory ; Kiug Dyuabiu and Becqua having declined to reno their homage to King Coffee, he has appcalci to thc British Administrator at Cape Coos Castle for assistance ; thc situation is furthe complicated by a report that thc hostile king hare been promised support by the chief of Akim aud Denkera. Captain I^ees Lavin gone to Coomassie to mediate has been wei received. Lieutenant Comer, in a letter to thc Foreigi Office, declares that tho slave trade stil flourishes iu a belt of jungle villages about week's march from thc East Coast, and t destroy this traffic he recommends the con etruction of a railroad from liagomoys t Ujiji, under the protection of European Com missioners and 1000 or 2000 soldiers. Mr. Gladstone, as a shareholder in th Metropolitan Railway Company, has writte to thc chairman recommending more modérât fares, and thc substitution of two classes c i passengers for three. To minister to tb wants of the greatest number he regards th I wisest policy. There are indications of a revival of liberal courage and unity ; three demonstrations have taken place at Frome, Brighton, and Sheffield, at which places spirited addresses were de- livered by Messrs. Goschen, Fawcett, and Mundella, who spoke sanguinely of the future, and confidently of Mr. Gladstone's continued leadership. Professor lyndell (president) delivered thc iuaugural address before tho British Associa- tion, the maui thesis being that matter is the ultimate source of all things, aud its own just ' cause ; he demanded absolute liberty for scientific investigation, and thc submission of religious theories, schemes, aud systems to its decision ; he was afterwards ably supported by Professor Huxley. The Welsh national Eisteddsford has been held at Bangor, and attracted an immense audience. The Bishop of Bangor presided. A Welsh, oration was delivered hy Mr. Morgan Lloyd, M. P. Tn the choral competition for forty guiueas and a gold'medal, the prize was won by the Carnarvon Philharmonic Society. A harp and other gold and silver medals were competed for. It will bc held next year in Conway Castle. An association is being formed in Loudon to prosecute Ritualistic clergymen under the new Act. An exciting controversy, inimical to the popularity of tho lînglish Church, has been provoked by the refusal of clergymen, sup- ported by the Bishop of Lincoln, to permit the word " Kev." to bo inscribed on the tombstone of a daugher of a Wesleyan Minister ; the subject was brought before tho Conference during its recent sittings. Archbishop Tait, "S.G.O." of the ïïmes, aud other corres- pondents condemn tho bitter intolerance of the sacerdotal party. The Henri-Martini rifle is about to be issued to the army without delay, and arm-chests are being manufactured at Woolwich, sufficient to hold 100,000 new weapons. The frightful increase of crimes of a brutal character, especially kicking to death, is pro- voking an indignant outcry against thc absurd leniency of punishments inflicted, and even magistrates declare that savage ferocity is gaining grouud, and must be met by repressive legislation. FJogging for brutes is tho public demand. Ou Saturday, August 22, the great hosiery factory of Messrs. Morley and Son, near Tottenham, was burnt down, and £100,000 worth of property destroyed ; COO persons were thrown out of employment ; incendiarism is suspected. Early on Sunday morning, Messrs. Richard- son's large paper mills, near Varrow-ou-Tyne, were consumed, estimated damage, £40,000 ; on Monday, an extensive conflagration occurred in Southampton Docks, resulting in the des- truction of a range of buildings occupied by the Royal Mail Company, and used as work Shops ; tue loss amounts to several tnousand pounds. On Tuesday, a fire broke out iu the top floor of South prison of Glasgow, and the flames were not subdued till the west wing was gutted.. On thc 16th August, owing to the ignition of thatched stacked bark, a con- siderable part of thc town of Market Harbor ough was burnt down. A destructive Ure occurred at Mr. Grcsty's timber yard, Man- chester, the loss is £40,000. Sir Arthur Guinness's extensive porter stores, at Shannon, Yarborough, were totally destroyed by fire. The reconstruction of thc Pantechnicon in eight separate sections, provided with double wrought iron doors, is rapidly proceeding. Four lives wcie lost by a colliery explosion near Hanley, caused by exposure of a naked candle. By an accident to the winding gear at the pit's mouth, at Broad Oak Colliery, in Wales, twenty men were confined in the pit nearly two days. Two lives were sacrificed by a collision between mineral trains on tho Rhymney Rail- way, near Dowlas. One heavy train dashed down a steep incline into another standing at the station, and killed driver and stokor. A terrible tragedy occurred at the Princess Club, Manchester, on August 25, where a young merchant Burge, after shaking hands witli another named M'Lean, shot him dead and then slew himself, in a fit of temporary insanity. After a fortnight's search, the body of Mr. Wilton, a master of the City of Loudon School, lost on Snowdon on August ll, was found at the foot of a precipice. Another master was drowned at Whitby. Tho Mersey Dooks and Harbour Board have ultimated to the Gas Company that they hold them responsible for the destruction of the landing-stage, through the carelessness of one of their plumbers. The Achiliau, au iron-clad, has becn-built at Earles' yard. The hull was designed by Mr. Reed. She made a successful trial trip. Tho Liverpool Leader was mulcted iu £2500 for au alleged libel in exposing thc rottenness of a public supply association, and Jd. in another action for criticising thc management of the Liverpool Theatre Royal. Mr. Wormald, of Lincoln College, succeeds Mr. Taunton as editor of tho chess column in the Illustrated News. The Alexandra Park Races were attended by 25,000 persons ; the fields were excellent. Saddler has accepted a challenge from George Brown, of Nova Scotia, to row for £500 and the championship of the world on October 19, at Coleraine, Ireland. In the inter-University race on the Dec between Aberdeen and Edinburgh, thc former won by a length. A ladies' cricket match has been played iu Bucks between two elevens, thc Kasli ladies in one innings scored 115 against Sb' of their i opponents' two Urnings ; one lady contributed 61 runs. 1874 is thc Centenary of the invention of cricket. A match at Brighton between Sussex ? aud Kotts ended in n decisive victory for Sussex. At thc regatta of the Royal A'ictoria Yacht I Club thc Commodore's Cup was won by St. Ursula, and the Vicc-Couunodore's prize by I thc cutter Cythera. Thc Egeria again won the Prince of Wales' Challenge Cup. OBITUARY.-Ex Bishop Sumner, Alderman Challis, Lieutenant-General Sir James Lindsay, Sir Coventry Payne, Sir John Walsham, for- merly Charity Commissioner j Baroness Bernes, from a fall from horseback ; Earl Annesley, very suddenly ; Robert Sly, horso-tvainer ; Lord Cordon, American impostor and swindler, who committed suicide on his capture by the detectives ; Sir W. Wiseman, Sackwcll Fox, J. T. Fisher, railway manager ; Lady Lees, Lady W. Russell, Vice-Admiral Castle, Sir T. J. Kemp, of Norfolk ; Rev. C. Ewald, missionary among thc Jews ; Admiral Chaigncu, by the accidental discharge of a revolver while cleaning it ; Forcadc Dc La lloijuctt, ex Bona partist Minister ; Rev. James Shore, prosecuted by Bishop Fhilpots twenty-five years ago, by a fall from his horse ; Hov. H. Jenkins, of Oxford ; Sydney Dobell, poet ; Frederick Morin, on the staff of Rappel; Lord Bellew's son and heir, by suicide ; Mr. Betty, formerly known as Youug Roscius ; Kenny Meadows, artist ; Hugh Gladstone, nephew of the ex Premier ; J. H.* Foley, sculptor, interred in St. Paul's Cathedral ; Garth Marshall, of Leeds, by falling into crevice on Mount Blanc ; and thc Countess Mount Edgcumbe. On thc 25th August, a swimmiug race for amateurs for the championship of England, took place at Welsh Harp, London. Six men swam one mile in 6till water, and H. ¡Daven- port won by 80 yards, in 31 minutes 9 seconds. Chirchclsnns won thc Great Ebor Handicap .Stakes at York, with Blantyre second, Louis third. The Baden-Baden Grand Prize was won by Prince Lohenloe'e Maestro. At Huddersfield, Jupp'ti eleven, with two innings were beaten by a team of twelve of Lascelles Hall in one innings. In a return match between Sussex and Gloucestershire, tho latter made 412 runs in one inning, and Sussex 43S in one inning and part of a second. A railway to the summit of Vesuvius is pro- jected Etna is in eruption. Brigandage is assuming dangerous propor- tions in Sicily. Passengers rates have been raised on the American and Canadian linc. Freights will follow. Ministers! crises in Spain have been ru- moured, and changes are anticipated in thc military department. General Zabla will probably bc superseded as Comuiander-m Chief by Momios. Military operations of late bavo been mainly in favour of the Carliste ; they dominate in several northern provinces, levy taxes and Customs duties, destroy railways, murder prisoners, and surprise weakly defended towns. Laguardia in Navarre, was cayvtured by introducing twenty Carlista, dis- guised as muleteers, with lilies hidden in carts, who possessed themselves of the gate and admitted their comrades. On 17 th August Surdurget was treacherously surrendered to Tristauy; the commandant was shot ; 4S5 soldiers and 32 old gumi were taken ; the captors also recovered possession of 40,000 piastres paid to the betrayers of the fortress, fhe Bishop of Arzel was implicated iu the surrender. The Carlista thou proceeded to Puycerda, which has been besieged and bombarded since August 21 ; while bands uuder Miret Sabals and Tristan y havo hovered - near to intercept Republican reinforcements. The resistance of the town is brave, and Car lists sufffer much from shells and sorties. Hero Alcaniz and Callabra have been seized by Carlist bands. Meanwhile preparations i are progressing for another great struggle I between thc main armies. Zala, after ré victualling at Victoria, returned to jfesmnda, where he is organising a combined a'^fcon Estella with Morinos, who remains A ..eliza, watched by Carüsts, who are between wm' and Estella. The new levy is proceeding satisfactorily, and thc Army of the North is being rapidly reinforced. General Pavia's head-quarters are at Teruel. General Gushing, American Minister et Madrid, is pressing American claims in con- nection with the Virginias affair, at the «ame time refusing to admit Spain's counter claims, on accouns of filibustering expeditions to Cuba. Tho Judge appointed to investigate the cir- cumstances of Prim's assassination has indicted fifty additional persons for complicity in the crime. The Old Catholic experiment in Switzerland has collapsed, and Pera Hyacinthe, finding the extrusive forces too powerful, has resigned his Geneva cure. There have been insurrectionary disturbances in Italy. Some German working men have written to Bismarck, stating that reprisals shall be visited on Catholic Bishops for any future attempts to kill him; and successful assassination is to be followed by the death of the Pope himself. Tho Brussels Conference, on questions of international law in time of war, terminated last Saturday. The practical resulta are ex Sected to be inconsiderable. The German ciégate was most prominent in urging exten- sion or modifications of the Russian scheme. Tho English delegate merely watched the de- liberations. 