HOTTSfc OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday. Jl-'E 2. The Speaker took tht Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Petitions in favour of a vote of £150,000 for main 1-fMiic fnr ttiA tp.t 1S715 were Dresented bv Mr. VY EST-tESKlNE ironi lue uisiriuu yuuucii ui Echunga; by Mr. Mvles, from the District Council of Noariunfe-a; by Mr. Keks, from the District Council of Carapfceiltown; by the Commissioner of Public Wwiks, from the District Council of Stanley; by Mr. Kogfks, from the UiBtrictCouuciia of Encounter iJay and iiapid Bay. Keceived. Mr. KKICHAUFF presented a petition signed by 19 residents oc the colony, principally German-, similar to one already received from residents -»r Greenock, praying for the liberalization of the laud laws. Keceived. Petitions a?ai ist free and assisted immigration were presented by Mr. Pickebisg from IIS person*, and by Air. Kefs from 3SO persons resident in the Burraand neighbourhood. Mr. HUGEE^ preseuted a petition from 6') selectors of land in the Hundreds of Kilkernm anl Maitland, praying that the lease of a well at Yorke Valley might be cancelled. TtieeltUMilL-bIONEK of PUBLIC WOF.KS (Hon. H. E. Bright) presented a petition from 2S persons in favour of immigration. deceived at d re.id. Mr. KEEd was about to present a petition from residents of a country district, praying the House not to pant the iirayer of a petition before the Executive Council, when The StfcAKEit s.ud the memorial was not in order. That House Lad uo power over the Execu tive Council. PAPERS. The following papers were laid on the table:— By the Commwsiossh of Pcslic Wouks. Public Works Ktport, 1S'J. To be printed. By the Attoh-*et-Gkneiul. Return oi fees laid to MemDcia of the fjul Property Commission. To be printed. Papers in refcTence to Absconding Debtors. By the Chief .Secuetakv. Eeturn of advances and excess warrants from 3ist Decemter, 187a, to 13th May. 1S74. Correspondence with Mining Companies relating to Coolie labour. Correspor.deLce relating to the sale of Crown LandB for cash during tbe recess. Mr. Gosse's Exploration lieport. To be printed. Papers relating to the closing of the Warden s Court in the Northern Territory. Corresponded'; with the Government of Vic toria in reference to the determination or the boundary-line between Victoria and South Aus tralia. Alteration of (Icneral Laws 167 andKS, Scheduh Balance-sheet of the Gawler Permanent Building aud investment Society. PALM- HOUSE, BOTANIC GARDEN. The CHIEF SECliETAicY (Hon. A. Blyth) said he would lay oa the Library table a photo graph of the proposed Falm-House at the B:tan;o Garden. The photograph had been sent from Bienien. indian labour for the northern xeuiutoky. Mr. BABROW said he had seen a letter from Mr. Charles Goode, a former resident of the colony and member of that House, in which he Baid tli;u he had introduced to Mr. Dutton. the Agent General, a Danish clergyman, who had been tor many years connected with a tribe of people in India who he ib ought would be admirably suited for the Northern Territory. Mr. Dutton had promised to wrue to the Government on tae matter, and he asked if any communication hu-t been received from him. The CHIEF SkCUETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said no douot a letter bad reached the Commis sioner of Crown LaEds, but he was not aware of k. if the hon- meaiber would give notice of the ques tion he would reply to it. THE PROPOSED NEW PARLIAMENT Mr. BEAY asked if the Government would place a sum on the Estimates for the erec:ioa of new Parliament Houses. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. fl E. Bright) said the Hotue would first have to decide wl.-.-ther new Parliament Homes were required. If it weie decided that they were necessary a turn wouid be placed on the Es.ioiates. ARkk*U}Ef.lEST OF BUSINESS. Mr. BAKiiO :.V aiked the Government to consent to so cu with tho debate on the Budget imme diately. It was only fair to the Treasurer that the debate he had so :»biy initiated should be brousrht to a conclusion beleie other important business was dealt with. Mr. BUGKKS made & similar request. It was scarcely precederieti to ask the House to commit itself to a fcui for borrowing £600,000 and to pass a Civil Service Bill before they had an elucidation of the policy of the Ministry, and were in p issessien of the Estimates of the Ways and Mean?, by which they intended to meet the engagements of the country. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) Baid that was an unprecedented request The Government, however, cculd have no objection to bringing on Supply as early as possible, and to rearrange the Paper, so that Supply should oome on iinmt:uiately after a motion for a return had been moved and questions had been asked. SALARIES OF CIVIL SERVANTS. Mr. BRAY moved— 'That a return be prepared and laid on the table of this House Fhowinsr the rate per annum of salary drawn by all offic2r3 in the first schedule in the Civil bemce Bill for the first half of 1S74; the salary propoge-i for 1S74-5, with the increase shown. A similar return of all officer* in the second schedule; the title of all officers in the third, rouith, fifth, eLctn. and seventh classes respec tively, with the rate per annum of salary drawn by each orhcer for tbe first half of 1874, and proposed salary for each such officer for 1S74-5, showing the increase, also maximum, minimum, and annual increase in these classes; also statement showing officers whose salaries have been increased on the istimatts fcr first half of 1874 over their salariej in IS73. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) ^u»-the i.'ove^'nent had no objection to the motion. The return w;js being prepared, and there wW'*-(rii;e hule addition to the inform ition 7n£CV i, 00' rafn-.ber requested, to which the ton. member would uot object JLne motion vas carried. THE LAW RELATING TO RAILWAY I ACCIDENTS. Mr. BUNDEY asked 'if it is the intention of the Government to introduce an Act during the present session of Parliament to alter the law of negligence with respect to accidents on the Govern ment lines of railway.' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) replied:— 'The Government do not propose to introduce such a measure.' EXPORTS TO THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. Mr, SOLOMON asked 'if an account ha* been kept by the Customs of all duty-paid articles ex ported from Port Adelaide to the Northern Ter ritory,' The TREASURER (Hon. L. Clyde), in reply, read the following memo, from the Collector of Customs:— 'Vessels to the Northern Territory are treated as coasters as regaids trausires, and give no particulars of duty-paid goods, except beer, wines, spirits and tobacco.' THE WELLINGTON FERRY. Mr. WEST- EKSKINE asked-'L Will the Government ascertain whether any illegal tolls have been levied at the Wellington Ferry ' 2. Is the ferry now safe for crossing cattle? 3. What time was allowed for completion of contract for repairing jetty '' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) replied :-'l. The Ferrykeeper reports that neither herself nor the Assistant Ferrykceper have levied any illegal tolls at the Wellington Ferry, and further that she has no knowledge of such tolls being charired by any per son. 2. Yes; although the yard on the west side of the river is not yet completed. 3. Nine weeks.' THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH LINE. Mr. BOUCAUT asked-' 1. How many miles of the Port lJarwin Telegraph Line have been actually erected with iron poles ? 2. What number of miles will the iron poles already ordered (and not placed) cover? 3. What is the total number of miles for which iron poles will be required: 4. Wha'. is the number of miles that will have to be supplied with iron poles that have not been ordered?' The CHIEF SKCRt-.TAKY (Hon. A. Blyth). in reply, read the following memo, from the Superintendent of Telegraphs:— 'The answer to the hon. member's questions will be clearer if it is first explained what the Superintendent of Tele graphs proposes to do. It is intended to plant iron poles alternately with wooden ones-^or 10 to the mile— from near isouthpoit to a point about liw miles Bouth of the paly Waters. As the country from this poi.it down to the Mac Dounell Ranges is sparsely timbered, aud the trees mostly unsuitable, iron poles will be planted consecutively It! to the mile. This, it is estimated, will require in all 11.000 iron poles, of which t-.5t)j are now in the Northern Territory and iu course of distribution and planting, and 1,000 in Iramitu from England, leaving a balance of 3.JW0 to be provided for out of the new loau. With regard to ihe future repolingof the southern half of the line, the {superintendent recommends that iron poita should be planted alternately with wooden poles from the MacDonnell ivanges down to the south of the Chariutte Waters, a distance of :JOO miles, timber being available ; but from there to Beltana iron poles should be planted consecutively. Over thi- portion of the line there are already about 2.C0O iron poles planted alternately witn wooden ones, covering a distance of something like S2o miles noith of the F-nniss Springs. To carry this out about 7.000 more iron poles will be required. The expenditure will, however, be extended over a series of years, anil will, of course, be very much less than for a similar work in me ixoriLieni lerriior), wnere, owiug m me utterly disorganized state of the labour market and the number of unforeseen contingencies, it lias been found quite impossible to form any estimate of expenditure. The answers to the hon. member's questions are as follows :— 1. About 456 miles of the line have up to the present date been planted with iron poles, viz.— 2:10 miles south of the Charlotte Waters, 9 miles south and 115 north of the Daly VV aters, and 1 12 miles between Pi ne Creek and Sout li port. Besides these 4W, poles are being carted from h'outbport, south of the Kutherine. Poles are iliitnbuted from the Daly Waters about 50 or 60 miles and there are poles lying at or near the Daly Waters to reach beyond Xennant's Creek. 2\. Neatly -1UO miles. 3. About 1,500 miles, more or less. 4. Six hundred and fifty miles, more or less. MONEY IN DEAD LETTERS. Mr. KKICHAUFF asked ' have any sums been received at the Treasury found iu any dead letters or parcels, in accordance with clause :J3 of the Post-Ctiice Act; and if so, what ainouat in every 3 ear since the passing of the Act.' The TREASURER (Hun. L. Gly.je) replied :- 'Only iCtas been paid into the Treasury under clause :& of the Poet-Olhce Act, viz., £1 ia 1SGU and i;5 in lSCH.' MESSAGES FROM THE GOVERNOR. The following messages were received :— Message So. 6. From His Excellency the Gover nor, rtcimirueii'linir the House, in compliance \viih /.r'uress -o. 2, to make provision in the Eg*, i male*, for the year 1S71-5, to an extent not 2\\-.wttui:g XcC'C, for thepurpi-6eoi supplementing a like amount to be raised ly the inhabitants of Nairiie fur the erection of an institute. Message No. 7. Keconimending the House, in comi'liance with Address No. 3, to make provision in the intimates for JS71 5, to an extent not exceeding £'400, for the purpose ot enabling the Corporation of Strathalbyn to put into a complete state of repair the main rouds within the Corpora tion boundaries. SUPPLY.-ADJOURNED DEBATE ON THE FINANCIAL SPEECH. In Committee. The debate ou the financial speech was con tinued by Mr. HUGHES, who said that he was glad the fiebate on the Budget in its scope allowed hou. members to review the policy of the Government before asking them to vote upon such questions as tiie proposed loans which would shortly be brought before the House. He did not intend to folhw the Treasurer through bio review of the Esti mates, but would leave the greater portion of them to tbe time wh«i they would properly ccme before them, and when he was sure it would be fairly discussed. He would first call the atten tion of the Treasurer to the great inconvenience under which members laboured through nor, having the revenue totals of the various depart ments before them, as had been the custom in the past. The absence of them left hon. members in lanoracce of the amount received at each depart ment. They had the returns before them in 1S72, and be remtinbered that last year the Treasurer had stated as a reason that they were not forth cuuiing was because the returns wouid only have extended over Eix months, owing to the change in the financial year. The tiist item to which lie would call attention, and one which he felt would call forth the attention of members, was that fixed for the increase of saiariea of the Speaker and officers of the House. This was, he admitted, a very proper rise, but he must submit that the amount set down was not sufficient to be adequate to the office. It must be remembered that the Hon. the Speaker had been detained in the House for 11 months attending to his duties during a late session. If the Ministry contended that the honour should content the Speaker, and the Speaker gave in his adhesion to that idea, he would be perfectly satisfied, as no doubt only gentlemen who could properly support the position accepted it ; but if the ailovranee now given were meant as remuneration he must 6ay tliat it Wits insufficient for either Speaker or President of the Council. If on this occasion filinistere thought1 it ripht to give to this position higher emoluments, he would be happy to give them his support. He thought that the salaries- of the Clerks of the House Bhould be rai&ed.; ilmistcrs had said that they would not meddle with such matters,- bc-t would leave them to the House, but he wiahe*Jo ask ivhy they should not move in the mat.'*? They had heard the argument advanced that t*A salaries of the Civil Service muet be raused m con sequence of the enhanced costof living, out was net that a cause that also operated in the case of the Clerks of the House? Yet they even proposed to place these gentlemen in a worse position than the Civil servants by putting thsm down at a fixed rate, and thereby preventing them from having the annual increases which the Civil Service was to have under the new tilL He saw that the Chief Clerk was placed in tbeiirbt class and the Clerk's Assistant in the second ; but he would ask the Treasurer by what chance he had cast almost he might say the insult upon them of putting them there. It would have been much better to have placed them in the third class, seeing that they had neither the pay of the first and second chws nor the increase which was to be provided for the Civil servants by the new law. It was mockery to so place them with then- salaries when the maxi mum in the first class reached £1,000, and that in the eecond £450. The House last session had frequently Eat till midnight, and the Clerks had then had to remain long after hon. members had left. And in that way no doubt they were often involved in extra expenses, for how were they to get to their homes after midnight! These gentle men he therefore thought should have allowances as compensation for their time of overwork. Tiie Treasurer had hinted at the reason why he would not recommend an increase. He said, if he (Sir. Hughes) remembered aright, that no one would say that the Clerks of the Legislative Council ware entitled to an increase of salary. (Hear, hear.) But he would ask why were they not entitled to an increase as well as the other officers of the Ciivil Service. Those gentlemen in the Council had to give all their time during certain hows at their oihees. and could not take anything eise to do, and he there fore considered that they were entitled to ju« the same consideration as the clerks in the *oniC2 of the Treasurer or the Audit Office. It was admitted that the President of the Council ought to have as much as the Speaker, though the Speaker had three timeti his wotfe, and why Bhould not the Clerks of the Council enjoy an increase? Li the provisions for the House of Assembly he saw that there was an allowance of £150 put down for the preparation of indices, and it was evident that the sum was to be divided between the Clerks of the House ; but that he looked upon as an attempted evasion of the Constitution Act, and an action which would not hold water. If they passed that allowance for the officers of the House the officers of the Council would be able to come down and ask them to grant them a similar sum. (Mr. Mortlock— 'Quiteright.') The Constitution Act in its 37th clause said :— ' The salary of the President of the said Legislative Council shall be at least equal to the salary of the Speaker of the Baid House of Assembly, and the salaries and allowances of the various^ officers of the said Legislative Council shall be the same as those of the correspond ing officers of the House of Assembly.' He must submit that the only fair way of dealing justly with the Clerks of the two Houses was to give them an addition to their fixed salaries, because then on retiring from office they would be able to draw their retiring allowances in proportion to their salaries; whereas if the Clerks now retired the £150 allowance would not count The next question which he had to touch upon was that of the estimates for Hospitals. He saw that the sutscriptions for the year 1873 were £1,067 17s. 9d., and that the Treasurer estimated for 1874-5 the sum of £1,000. But he thought the Treasurer had hardly had his attention called to the fact that private sympathy had been very much removed from that institution in consequence of the rule which had lately received the approbation of the Government of no longer attending to patients sent to the Hospital on orders of subscribers, but sending them to be treated at the Destitute Asylum. Others he wa3 sure like himself who had been in the habit of paying a few guineas per year to the Hospital, and who sent poor people tbere who coujd not afford to pay for medical attendance, finding this rule in operation, would withdraw their support from the institution, and he thought the Treasurer would find that the aggregate of subscriptions to the Hospital would be found to fall away in consequence of the change to which he had alluded, he saw that no increase wah put down for the professional gentlemen acting as Solicitors under the Real Property Act. They gave their time, talents, and energies to the fulfilment of their duties, which they carried out in a very satisfactory way. He was sure that the Attorney-General would be ths last person to undeivaiue tbe woik of hia own profession. (Laughter.) He had referred to the draftiug of a Bill lately by Mr. Gawler. and he was sure he did uot see why be fchould not have been paid for that, as it was no part of his dutief. He thought that, consiuerirg that the cost of living affected the Solicitors *is v.ell as other ptr=ons, tin increase was here as desirable as anywhere else, lie would gladly support the increase of Inspectors and teachers' pay iu ihe Education Estimates, and also the allowances in the department, and if that was lione he thought that tiny would get on much letter if the Chief Secretary kept his htlucttiou Bill iu bis peckct. He had aivra-b considered country Institutes a valuable aid to education, and grants to them would have his hearty support. There was an Him, and a very large one, down fur telegraph poles- iS.000- and he understood the Treasurer to tuy that £25,100 would be required. (Ihe Treasurer— '£;25,0l;O more.'') That would be in all £&iWKJ; for iron poles. He would ask the Chief Secretary if he had considered the question of procuring the patent riband poles mentioned in a prospectus which he held in his hand. They were only one-third of the weight of cast iron, and were cheaper, aud could be carried for much less money to where they would be Tumiirail «vVi » **\\\ li.i 1*.. . l*fi»1 ii n/in oo o i'.iM' 1 frt nurfitnf matter. He saw in regard to tbe question of roads that tbe Treasurer proposed to increase the amounts set down for the disposal of Corporations and District Councils. Tbe amount to t!ie Corpo rations this time was to be £3'2,t.00, and that set down for construction and maintenance £90,000. Though he would heartily support these, he did not consider that they were sufficient for the maintenance of the roads, aud there could be little doubt that this was one of the most important questions with which they had to deaL An ancient writer, when asked what was the first step in civilization, replied, 'Koads;*' when asked what vt as the second step, he had replied, 'More roads;' ai;d when the neophyte put the same query to him the third time, his answer had been still the same— 'More roads.' (Laughter.) It had been intimated by the Government that they intended to bring down another Road Bill ; but he hoped that they would not, for if they were to have such another Bill as that of last session he would be compelled to give it his most strenuous opposition. The Bill oi last year endeavoured to lorce the maintenance of the roads upon one class of persons— the landowners. But as the roads were a benefit to all classes, the fairest way to pay for them was out of the General Revenue. It was wonderful with what persistence the Commissioner oi Public W orks had pressed that BilL It was an old adage that uo person was more favourable to direct tuxe.s than those who did uot pay them, and he did not thiuk a land tax would operate n.uch upen the Government. He thought tbe i.3,ttO proposed in connection with postage stamps was not Cii-i'd for, as the carrying out of the idea (or which the money was required would cause uiuch extra work in the Post-Uffice, and would only have the tflcct of increasing the apparent revenue of the Post- Office. The last item on the intimates to which he should call attention was that of iniusii'ruUon. Numerous petitions had leen sent in Jroui ihe country districts asking for immigration, and from the petition which ria i been signed in various localities he would read two lines. These pointed out that 'Your iucmo rialiBta would most respectfully beg to dire :t your intention to the fact of the large number that are almo&t; daily leaving the ranks of ihe farm labourers for the purpose of settling upon the lands in the new areas.' But if we were to supply fresh labourers for each man who went upon the land in this way, he wondered where our system would stop. He was prepared to see an iiumigration brought about by raakiug the country attractive, but could not support the e-:pt.'u-liture of the revenue to bring persons here. History re peated itself, and all remembered the result of immigration before, when a few years back they had rioting and the labour test. He would welcome the immigrants here when they came, but ho^ed that the revenue would not be txpeuded in bringing tiiem htre. He would again ask the attention of the Treasurer to a remark which he made last year. On page S of the paper which gave the figures of the Bonded Debt it was stated that that debt would 1« on July 1, Ib74, £-2,28-5,400. He supposed that most or them considered that that was the whole of the bonded Debt, but it was not. There was about £100.000 more in what the Treasurer called 'IreaEury bills. This was really a part of the Bonded Debt. The only difference between bonds andTitasury bills was in the date, and the bills were not the Itss obligatory because of their shorter date. He now came to a portion of the policy of the Treasurer to which he could not agree. He recommended that as the bonds fell due they shouid simply reutw for bath interest and priucipal. (Hear, hear.) Let them apply that principle to business, and what would be the result] If the Tieasurvr would permit him he would repeat a few words that he uttered. He said, 'He believed there were parties ready and willing to enter into a contract to pay the debt of the colcry as it became due, and to take in exchange lonp-uated 1 onJs. He commended it to the con sideration of the House. The payment of the principal and interest falling due was too great a burden on the General Keveuue, and there was no necessity for its being borne. The creditors did not want their money, and it was quite unneces sary for the colony to be loading their shoulders to pay it off. The present generation was bearing an unfair Bhare of the burden of the National Debt.' (Hear, hear.) When a creditor held a bond or a bill he expected his debtor to meet it, although he borrowed the money again next day ; and when a man said he could not pay, and wished to renew, the creditor looked upon him with dis trust, and said ' I would rather not' There was % very good principle among Indian money-lenders. Ihey were always willing to lend money to a reasonable extent to young officers on the secu riij of their commissions and property, but upon the exact day when the money was due they imiaicd upon its being paid in gold upon their desks, and then they would lend it again. The credit South Australia held ;n England, the ready sale of our bonds, and the h&h; price paid wag owing to the manner in which we bad met our obligations as they became due. One of our old financiers had insisted upon the principle which was in force when we began to borrow money — that the cost of public works should be defrayed to the extent of one-third out of the general public revenue. We had acted on that principle for some years, and it had the effect of establishing cur credit; but when we found that our credit was established we dropped off and paid for public workfl entirely by loan. If the House looked at the sheet of Bonded Debt liability they would see that in January aud July of 1875 the whole amount of principal to be paid off was £3i400-namely, £17,200 in January, and £17,200 in July. If we renewed for these trifling amounts we would not bold the same high position in the London market that we had hitherto held. He would now call the Treasuier's attention to the Ways and Means. On the 30th June, 1874, there was a balance to be brought forward of £121,000 The Treasurer showed that there were liabilities on the other side to the extent cf £37,000. leaving him with a balance in hand of £S4.00-J. The first glance oue took at a sheet of this kind was to see how the Treasurer began and how he left off, because it was a fair expectation that tbe Treasurer should not leave the country in a worse position than when he started. The Treasurer commenced the year with a balance of £24,000, aud proposed to leave with a balance of £311 5s. I0(L-in plain English that meant getting the country into debt. The surplus revenue for the year ending December 31, 1873, was, according to the Auditor-General's report, £173,000 above what was expected. Then the same report showed that the savings of the year —that was the unexpended balances not brought JS^Sramonnted t0 £*7.000. making a total of £*lP,000, which he could not fairly have reckoned upon, and yet they fouudthat after all that on 30th J.u.n«yW4.hehadonly£SUC0in hand, and that tins £&i;,000 slid away in twelve months to nothing -or to £341. He said deliberately that that meant Retting into debt, because the reductions made by tbe Treasurer in the estimated Customs returns were insufficient considering the position of the colony during the coming year. The market was overstocked with goods, and that fact, joined to the fall in copper and the late bad harvest, bad produced a tightness in the money market, which must anect the Customs for some time to come. And tightness in the money market always affected land sales in the first instance, bo that he felt Justified in stating' that he greatly feared that the Treasurer's estimate ef Customs receipts would not be realized. The Treasurer showed them that the exports for ,J?JLeSL endlD!J? March 31. 1573, had been £r™{S ^d- for the ycar ending March. 1S74. £4,522,f00, the increase being a million: and that the imports for the two similar periods had been respectively £3.041.000 and £4,033.000, or an in crease of fully a third of the amount of the pre vious year. There was an increase of imported goods to the value oi a million of money, and so it was that this increase in the Customs duties of £102,0i0 more than was expected was brought about. When the estimate was made the sum of £-269,000 was expected, and the amount actually received was £360.000. There was a healthy margin of half a million between imports and exports, which was sufficient to meet the liabilities on the Bonded Debt and the in terest on borrowed capital; but the sudden increase of exports to the extent of a milliou of money, the consequent overstocked markets, and ihe present dulness of trade were acting severely upon the mercantile classes, and would act for some time upon the imports into South Australia, causing a failing off in the Customs for the cominp year Levond the allowance made by the Treasurer. He could not congratulate the Trea surer upon the statement of Ways and Means, or his policy of renewing everything as it became due. Xow he came to a point upon which he wishe-l to address the Ministry, and more particularly the House, because the House was interested iu it. It was the question of excesses. The Auditor General's report showed that the excesses to December 31, 1873. were £14,0fi4 IS*. SI This was a modest sum, which wou:d hardly cause alarm, but they all knew that that was not a fair statement of the farts, aud now they found that tbe amount of excess warrants to 31st December, 1S73, was £143,W0. (The Treasurer— 'Where is that?') In the Auditor-General's report, page 32. When he s.aw that he felt it extraordinary that as Parlia ment sat till December IS. there should be such a large excess, and he immediately put a notice ou the table, .ibking that the return might be con tinued. Kow they had a statement of the excess expenditure since 31st December, which showed that since that date the amount of the excesses was £108,000 more. They had now before them acccounts which he thought would surprise ruiuy hon. members— showing that, in addition to the amounts on the sheet upon their riles, upwards of £250,0--0 unsanctioned and un voted by Parliament had teen used in covering excess warrants by the Governor in Council. This was virtually setting aside the authority and guar dianship which the House exercistd over the revenue. Two of their principal duties were to see to the due collection of revenue and the way in which it was appropriated. In all public works which came before them there were two distinct procesBes dearly and distinctly laid down. The Commissioner first asked the leave of Parliament to construct a certain work, and the Treasurer applied for permission to incur the cost It had been the custom for many years to introduce these two powers into one Bill, but this wholesome prac tice had been departed from. The Chief Secretary had told them a few days since that the Govern ment did not cousider it worth while to ask for amount of £tiO0,0CO, which they wished to borrow, was by no means a peddling sum. Why could they tot have asked for that sum last session i A large amount for which this loan was asked was for works which had been authorized by the House, and there Mas a large amount which had not. He would instance the Hope Valley Keservoir. An item of £{£100 was asked for that work, and he believed the whole of that sum had been voted by excess warrants. Certainly that work was never authorized, and the Ministry could not say that the necessity had not arisen, because they had been challeEged by Mr. Kogers on the question. Oa 4;h September, 1S73, Mr. .Rogers asked by what means the Government intended to raise funds for the pauueut of the daymen and contractors ou the works of the Hope Valley Reservoir. The Com niiEsioner of Public Works then replied that an excess warrant of ££0,-i09, in anticipation of a fresh loan for the Waterworks, was granted by the Executive Council ou l'.Uh June, 1S7:1, aad that legislative sanction for a further loan would be sought that sewion. But it was not asked. (Air. Barrow-' Jt was civen notice of and withdrawn.') The lean was a-, t obtained. Tiie Govsrunieut could not say that they did not know of it, because they have said they would get legislative sanction for the expenditure. Then came the question, lightly touched upon by the Treasurer, as to makir;,' use of revenue for railways and other works. It was very important for the Home to consider us a constitutional question how far theTreasurer was j ustitwu in doing that. His own view was that if he had obtaiueJ Parliamentary authority to issue the bonds it would have been fair for him to have said, ' We have power to issue these bonds. I may do it more profitably another time than now, and therefore upon the security I have in my hands to issue bonds 1 will employ the surplus revenue.' But to use that revenue without authority was an unconstitutional stretch of the Treasurer's authority. The Treasurer came down and said, 'It is no use debating the matter, We have tpeut the money, and you must pass this Bill lor jCG0O.0OL-.-' That was hardly the way to treat the Parliament, considering that they certainly had the power even nw to say if theywiFhed, 'Things are not looking well, and we will defer this.' Of course the House was goin.i to pass the vote, lie did not intend to put any obstruction in the way, but he only w.she'l to point out that the course taken was un .'institu- tional. The Chief Secretary in a duvuUous way plunged in to defend his coileapue, and said that r.o Ministry shouid shrink from responsibility if necessity arose. He agreed tiiac cases arose where the Ministry should risk souietHng when it was necessary for the public weal or safety, but he wouid ask the House if there wa? any necessity for the couise which had beeu taken by the Govern ment. (The Treasurer— 'Yes.'') The Govern ment knew what money was required, but never a*bed for authority to issue bonds, and went on getting excess warrants. He would ask the Mouse to consider that there was ample time to obtain these fund3 without the Treasurer being obliged to use up the surplus revenue, which amounted to £210,000. and without his bsing placed in the humiliating position of having an overdraft at every Bank. And not only was it a humiliating position to be placed in, but it was the worst policy in the world, because the momait the Treasurer showed his hand in that nay tie public faith was shaken. (A Minister— 'How was it known?') The Auditor-General gave tbe information in his report. That there was no necessity for this he would proceed to s-how. The Parliament last year sat until ]8th December. On 2Sth August of that year the Railway Accommodation Bill finally passed the Assembly; on 4th September tbe necesaty for further works at Hope Valley Keser voir tos stated; on 2Sth October the Hoyleton Kailwsy Bill finally passed; on 4th November the BrougUon£ailwayBulwaspasEed;on9thDecember the Council's amendments regarding the Port Pirie Railway Bill were agreed to; and on 10:h Decem ber the Port Waken'eld and Kadina Railway was agreed to. Now, had there nut been ample time for than to have obtained the consent of Parlia ment to borrow money for those purposes? The first cmtract for the Port Pirie .Railway had only been taken since the meeting- of Parliament, 'VVbaUas the use of Appropriation Acts if the Treasirer came down and said, ' \'fs have spent the i»;ney, and you have nothing to d* but to w:e it without nnr Question.' Was not tin's a simple and uiter disregard of I'arHiirueatarr authority? It -*as r,»thing eke. He woudcrcd lie did not see it himedf, but he seemed to iaugu at it. (jilie Treasurer— 'I am proud of it.') He hoped the lioust'would take a note of that— tiie '.treasurer was pioudof an illegal act. It was uiicorisMtutiotial and il egal. The Treasurer vindicated his c : nduct, but he would be happy to argue the matter out with fciru. He seemed to think that thv issuing of excess-warrants by the Governor in Council was a legal txt. In the first instance he would ask what was an' excess warrant. It only shifted the respon nbilitj ircm the Treasurer on to the whole Ministry. The question had been raised as to the legality of excess warrants, and one lawyer in a pffrow view of legality argued that nothing was ilfcsal unless a criminal penalty was attached to it. .(Mr. Boucaut— '.N o.') He was glad to see tbat tie hon. member did not take this view ? f the matte; because there were higher Codes and Courts than tie Criminal Codes and Courts. An ecclesias tical ; offence was not the less punishable bttauie not punishable by common law, bat it wai nevertheless tried before a different tri bunal,' which passed seLtence. The Constitution was id itself a Jaw of the highest kind, framed and euaciol by those duly authorised by the nation, and tie oflkeis of State were responsible to Par l:aniiat forgery uncoustuutioniJ act. The point l;ad leen raked that tLcre was no taw against the 'i itaMirer's using the public revenue in the way in v.f;;ci it had tietn dune. Even supposing that there; was no law agaiust a Treasurer using the ieveiiie of a iirovince without legislative sanction, he vould afk tbe Treasurer if there was any authority which permitud him to use the public mono' in tbe way he did. The Treasurer was pl?ctd in trut-t by the nation to collect the nveiuep, and there his duties ceased unless he received authority to use them; and to use them without Parliamentary sanction was unconstitutional, and consequently illegal. Tbe next question which he wished to speak about was excess warrants. Were they legal ! Clause 33 of the Constitution Act had been referred to as though it authorized the issue of excess warrants, but he maintained that it gave no authority of the kind. It only prescribed the form in which excess warrants should be binding on the officers to whom they were addressed. It was to be signed by the Governor, and countersigned by the Chief Secretary, but even then it was necessary to obtain the sanctiou of Parliament first for the issue of the warrants. Clause 33 of the Constitution Act was as follows : — ' Ho officer of tbe Government shall be bound to obey any order of the Governor involving any expenditure of public money; nor shall any warrant for the payment of money, or any appointment to or dismissal from office be valid except as herein provided, unless such order, warrant, appointment, or dismissal shall be signed by trie Governor and countersigned by the Chief Secretary.' Were this not done the warrant would be illegally issued, though it might be binding en the officer to whom it was addressed. He would not have the power of the Comptroller of the Treasury in England, who was bound, in the case of such warrants being pre sented to him, to satisfy himself of their Parliamen tary sanction before he obeyed them. Were these excess warrants legal, issued as they were by the Government of South Australia? That was a question that Bhould be settled now before we went any further, for we had gone far enough illegally when during the last recess £250.000 bad been issued ou them. On this question, Bowyer, in his work on 'Constitutional Law,' at page 207, said: —'That supplies granted by Parliament are only to be expended for particular objects specified by the authority of that assembly became from this time an undisputed principle recognised by fre quent and at length constant practice. It produced the ellect of conipelliup the Ministers of the Crown to lay estimates regularly before tbe House of Commons, and by exposing the management of the public revenues has given to Parliament uot only a real and effective control over an essential branch of the Executive Administration, but in sr me measure rendered them partakers in it. The House of Commous has thereby obtained so effectual a control over the Executive power that no Administration can possibly subsist without its concurrence.' And at page 20S he said:— 'It is tvident that unless a system of control over the application of the public revenues to the various pui poses of goueniment by the officers of the Crown were established, not only malversation could with difficulty be prevented, or even detected, but the appropriation of the supplies by Parliament might easily be evaded.' Ot course we tooU: our Coustitution in these matters as well as our law to a great extent frum England. On the teneral principles which guidel these matters Bowyer in his book, at page 2o8, said:— 'The general principle of that control is the separation of the custody of the public money fiuni the function of payment. The peculiar function of the Exchequer is to receive the public revenues, and that of the Treasury to apply them or pay them to the diilerent departments. Thus the first branch of the duty of the Exchequer is the receipt ot public money, and the second is the iesue of the Eame under orders from the proper ?luthotity. The Exchequer is armed with a power of denying its sanction to any demands upon it from whatever Minister or department they are made unless those demands are found in accor dance with the determinations of the Legis lature.' Speaking of the mode of operat ing, at page 210, he said:—' A Koval order under the sign-manual, countersigned by the Com missioners of the Treasury, is directed to the Comp troller of the Exchequer, directing them to place at the Bank of England to the credit of the public accountants of the Crown in the respective branches of the service the amount of the sum granted by Parliament in such proportion? as those Commissioners shall from time to time direct. The Comptroller must satisfy himself that 6uch order has been made in conformity with and has not exceeded the grant of Parliament. If the v-ouiyirouer, wiuiout sumceiifc legal gruuuua, re futes to obey a warrant of the Treasury, the Treasury must move for a mandamus iu the Court of Queen's Bench, and the question of law comes before that tribunal whether the pay ment in question is authorized by the Act of Parliament under which it is demanded and which must be specified in the warrant.' Here we were specially bound in actioD, because our Constitution gave smaller powers than those in -.i)gland in regard to the expenditure of the public money. Jn the Constitution Act of ISoti, in clause I it set forth— 'And such Legislative Couucil and House of Assembly shall have and exercise all the powers and futictions of the existing Legislative Council, provided that ail Bills for appropriating any part of the revenue of the said province shall originate in the House of Assembly.' That showed that the appropriation of revenue required the fc'-inciirn of Parliament, and it would be seen by S'aii'ii!g Orders ;S17 and 31S that it was provided Hat Bills ,-iasbed for chis purpose should be certitiad l.y tbe C eik ami forwarded from the Assembly by meFsape to the Council, desiring their concurrence. This Parliament had all the powers uow of appro priating revenue that the former Council had. The Imperial Act 13th and 14tb. Viet., 59 of August, 1S5'J, entitled 'An Act for the Better Government of the Australian Colonies,' enacted the following in clause 14:— 'The Governor of South Australia, with the advice and consent of the Legislative Council, shall have authority to make laws for the peace, welfare, and f:ood government of the uaid colony, and by sush laws to appropriate to the public service the whole of Her Majesty's reveuue within such colony arising from taxes, duties, rates, and imports levied on Her Majesty's subjects within such colony. Provided always it shall not be lawful for auy such Council to pasc, or for any such Governor to assent, to aDy Bill appropriating to the public service any turn of money unless the Governor on Her Majesty's behalf shall first have recommended to the Council to make provision for tUe specific public service towards which such money is to be appropriated; and that no part of Her Majesty's tevenue of the said colony an?ing from the source;} ?ifoieeaid shall be Issued or shall Be made V any 6Uch law issuable, except in pursuance of warrauts I'liuer the hand of the Governor of the colony ''irtctcd to the public Treasurer thereof.'' Tnat allowed that there was no power to issue these excess warrants without the sanction of the Par 'ianitiit first had and obtained, 'ihe Governor's tvairant was not legal except for civil list and pensions, for which there was a special enactment 'ii the Constitution Act. This uiatter had been lcfcired to the Sccielary of State from the other colonies, and replies received from him which had very great importance attached to them. He would fiist quote from a,despatch of the Duke of Bucking ham snd Chandos to the Earl of Belmore, dated 'iuth September, 18C8. In that dispatch he said— 'I apprehend that you cannot legally exercise a power of expending moneys without an Appropria tion Act, and that you would primd facie be bound to refuse to sign a warrant sanctioning any expen diture of public money which has not been authorized by law.' The Governor had been induced at this time by hia Ministers to give an excess warrant to tbe extent of £200,000, and bad felt iu doubt as to the propriety of the course he had taken, and had referred the matter to the Secretary of State for the Colonies. On the saaie question on the 16th June, 1869, Lord Gianville in a despatch to the Earl of Btlmore said:— 'I con eider it clear that except in case of absolute and immediate necessity (such as the preservation of life) no expenditure of public money should be incurred without sanction of law, unless it may be presumed not only that both branches of the Legislative will hold the expenditure itself unob jectionable, but also that they will approve of that expenditure being made in anticipation of their consent' And the despatch wound up with the words — 'YourLordship will not therefore beat liberty on any future occasion to.repeat the step which you have adopted in this case.' Another despatch of the Secretary of State to the Governor of Sydney, dated 7th January, 1870, said:—' The present case so far as it is material to this conbtituiionai ques tion is as follows :— The Constitution provides that, subject to certain charges, the revenue of the tiuituy fcliall lie &ui;/jea to i»e appropriated to such ??{jtciljc mhposkb as t)} any Act ui thtfL-yii-iuture of ttit tolcr.) bhail be piercribed in that, beltaif. 1'he Lepiciaiutt- of the cok-ny consists of the Governor, the Council, and the Astembiy anu it ioliowa tliut; to --.pei.d money nithiiut the authority oi the GovtiiH'r, Couiicu, aud Assembly, is a breach of . the law. The CimdUlutiun Act provides that no part of that revenue bbali be issued or sluli be ;uadc is&ualle; except iu pursuance of warrants I'litcr tiie band cf the Governor of the coiouy fluected- to the public Treasurer thereof. Ou the Governor therefore it is imposed the duty of seems: that nc breach of the law is committed.' it would be stisu that he did not merely say that ihe ;iut Knuid be unconstitutional* but ttiat it would be 'a breach of the law.' He thought, tn in what he had quoted, that it was laid down dtatiy that Parliamentary authority was requisite l-efoie these warrants, signed by the Governor and ccuiiterEigned by the Chief Secretary, could be used. He hoped that hon. members would con bider this question now, as this was the time when thedcubt shouid be set at rest. They had seen by the report of the Auditor-General that tae Government had disregarded Parliamentary authority, and had issued £250,0Ou by excess warrant, and a paper had just beeu Lid on tiie ;abie stowing that £108,00!' more was U be added o the turn. Occasional necessities for aciing without Legislative sanction niijrnt arise, and in iUthacasethe Government woull have uis sym- pathy, but here tbere was no bucIi necessuy. if they had asked fur sanction last year they would have got it, but they had not done so. In regard to the amount to be expended upon the Hope Valley lleservoir, the Government had said tbat they woaid ask for Parliamentary sanction for the expenditure, bat bad afterwards declined to do so. He thought when Ministers so boldly defended the issue of excess warrants as legal it was time for them to interfere, ard they would not be worthy of their position if they did not do so. He could not con gratulate the Treasurer on his proposed financial policy, but the principal thing he found fault with was bis unjustifiably setting aside the sanction of the House in this matter. He hoped that the question would be forcibly argued. The Chief Secretary and Treasurer mentioned that the prin ciple which they had adopted was right, and he would be glad to hear them in reference to it. Mr.WEST-EKSKLNEhad heard several financial speeches in the House, and thought the Treasurer had been able to bring forward a Budget of a very satisfactory nature, showing that the population of the colony to be at least 2o0.000 persons, and that the revenue could be safely estimated as having come up to something like a million. Though he wished to say a few words on some secondary questions, he could not if he wished find much fault with the speech of the Treasurer. The last speaker had taken considerable trouble to do so, but whether or not his figures would bear investi gation he could not say. Having been Treasurer of the colony during a late session the hon. member was in a position to say what were tbe special duties of a Treasurer and what were not, whilst of course he could not, never having yet occupied that position. (Laughter.) They had had something said upon that question by several members the other day, and Mr. Stow had advised them to guard against allowing the House to be interfered with in reference to their expenditure of money. He was glad to see that the Northern portion of the colony had bad au iin menee sum put down for its development, but when the Treasurer had said that the South East had not beeu forgotten he had expected something more than a mere grant ot £lb''J for u crane for Kingston. (Laughter.) He had no doubt that useful instrument would be fully appre ciated by the inhabitants of that place, and iie hoped it- would be a reproductive public work. He bad, however, hoped to see a sum of inouey placed on the Estimates for a road from the Tatiara country to Lacepede Bay. He had privately pre s-nteu a petition to the Coinuiibsioner of Public Works, but the only reply which he had got was that it had been received. He hoped that the Commissioner would bring down a message from the Governor for a sum to be placed on the Esti mates for the development of Tatiara. Forcy thousand acres of laud were held there, aud there were no means of transport for the produce raised in the district to be brought to niarKet. Only 12 bags of grain could be brought along the roads they had in one bullock-dray ; whereas ou properly- metalled roads 45 or 50 were commonly canitd by one wagon. If the Government did not bear this matter iu mind he pioimsed that ne would keep it before the notice of the House, for the carryiugout of this work would not only benefit the farmers of Tatiara, but the people of the Wiin mera would be induced to send their produce to Lacepede Bay, which would be the nearest port. A good deal had been promised in reference to i'oit MacDonneil, but nothing had been doue. The Government Btiid that they had scui a diver there, and all appeared to be right; but he niutit say that all was not right, aud that I'y the necessary works not being carried out there it had lost a considerable amount of trade. He regretted that the Treasurer should have alluded specifically in his speech to the salaries of certain of the Civil servants, as he thought it would have been infinitely better to have waited until the second reading of the Civil Service Bill came on, as many members like hnn Eeif felt waimly on the subject. Last Bession the House was pledged, and the Government had agreed with the House, after considerable pressure, that owing to the increased cost of living, and the enhanced price of everything, aud the increase of pay in other employments, it would be advisable to raise generally the salaries of the Civil Service. They had brounht forward teveral special cases of heads of departments, but many other hon. members as well as himself had ttrongly objected to their action in this particular, and he had said for his part that, as far as he could induce hon. members to go with him in the matter, he would only consent to these increases l«ing given to heads of departments on condition that the salaries of other Civil servants, after a careful revision, should be increased at the same time. He thought in this Civil Service Bill '.he Go Yctnmenthad redeemed the pledges they had made. AVben they found this department had teen i.egiected and most unjustly treated it was Uie duty of hon. members to take the first opportunity of expressing disapprobation at the way iu which the Clerks of the House had been dealt with. This was rendered all the more glaring from the fact that the salaries of the President and Speaker had been raised. He did not object at all to those increases, but if the President and Speaker were entitled to these increases how much inure were the Clerks entitled to au addition to their salaries. The House was pledged hst session to the principle of a general iuctease of salary to the Civil servants, und it was very clear that the Service would have tost many valuable officers if the House had not given its adhesion to that principle. The omission of the Clerks of that House from any increase wa.s almost an insult to tbat branch of the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) The only excuse there could be for it was that under tin; Constitution Ac: the Clerks of the other liouse could claim the same salaries as were paid to the Clerks of the Assembly; out was it right to uo au injustice there in order not to confer a favour elsewhem? The ctticers of the Legislative Council could claim for the preparaiiou of inuices the Eame amount as was paid to the uffijurs of the Assembly. Then, again, with respect to the retiring allowances. The President anil Speaker were in altogether a different position to theCJerks. They could follow their own business avocations. anu were only engaged in tne respective Houses whilst the Houses were sitting; but the clerks devoted tbe whole ot their time to their otfices, and last session the House tat on one occasion from 2 o'clock till a quarter past 12, and frequsaUy until 10 and 11 o'clock', aud alter the rising of the House the Clerks tud to remain to clear on' the work which the business of the afternoon and niutit had involved. The Irea&uter; stated Mr. Goy-ler had said nothing less than £20,000 wan sufficient to tiestioy thisues and Bathur^t burr. He agree.] ^Hlii'iH, and he honed the matter would «^ J^ overlooked*.' There' 'were large poruVtlS* oTtlu tSouth-Lastern district utterly destroyed by thistles, and if the Government laud was covered with thistles it was impossible to expect that freeholder* could keep tbeir laud free from them. The over loading and uudermanning of ships wasauochei matter which he was glad to see the Treasurer was fcoiug to take action about during the session. He viiis sorry the Government did not. prupoie to adopt some means to raise a sort of internal defence force, lie believed such a force was very l ecessary, and if he could not prevail on um Government or some hon. memuer more able than himseli to do so he would endeavour to bnug ia a measure on tbe subjtct. When the Civil Service Bill came ou he should be able to divell at greater length on what appeared to him to bu very much like an insult allured to that House. Mr. BAKUOWsaitl the late Premier of England, Mr. Gladstone, used often to begin an oration b) Eayiug, 'There arc three courses opon to you.' fclow, there were only two courses open to hirn-^ either to make a long and discursive speech going over tbe facts and fallacies of the finuueial speed', or to make a shoit speech and leave Home of the facts and all the fallacies alone; and, teeing tbe small House present, hu should adopt the latter alternative. Tiie Treasurer in Bitting down, after making bis Budget speed), moved the first item oh the Estimates, uud thus challenged the whole Estimates of Expenditure. The Treasurer followed that up by going through the whole of the items of expenditure, and hon. members had dune the same, it was perfectly correct to do so, but he did not intend to do so liiinselt, and he hoped he .should not be iucorrec. if iie abstained from doii-g so, becaubti when the Esti-mues cjuio be/ore them in detail then van the beat time to deal with Uie details; otherwise each. hon. iik-mber'3 address would be uiicoiiacioualily and inconveniently lou*?. The financial policj of the Ainitt-try irua supuosed to be embodied in tUe finaivikl speech; but although they might aiiiee wi'.h neatly ati the items ia the ix! muted ihty uiigiit t'Jt.tlly dia agiee vhb the fiuauciai poiiey of tiie Government, if that fii.auciai pyicy involved anything moie than a few Bume in arithmetic, it was stated recently iu oue of the Melbourne papixs that the Victorian Treasurer wa-. too goad au arithmetician to make a financier, lie hapiieued to mention that to a friend, who replied, ' i^ou are uiUUkeu; it is uot iu the Argils but in the South Australian Advertiser.' lie was confident, however, it was in no Bouth Au- traiuu paper, however appropriate the reference might have beeu there. The remark meant to imply that the Treasurer of Victoria dealt so much in snail matters of detail and in minute calculations that he was unable ever to shadow forth broad schemes of financial policy. He did not mean to mike any application of that to his hon. frieud the Treasurer: but the way in which Treasurers for years past hid concluded their financial speeches by moving the firet item of the Estimates waa not, in hu opiuipu, the wisest plan thai; might be adopted; because when the Treasurer refeirtd to all tiie items oa the Estimate*, even down to a crane for Kirigrtuu Jetty, £lt0, the House got its attention uiuracUai and divided, aud it was drawn away from broa-l comprehentive question.-1 of fiscal puhcy to dedl with minute details which ought to be dealt with when the particular ceparimaats comprising these details came under the consideration of the liouse. Be was sure the Treasurer would nut take any offence at that remark, because it was a simple general confession ot guilty all round, as they ha-i all done the same thing ov=r and over again, kit bad already said he should uot attempt to uo through the whole Estimates in detail, because if he did be should have to make a iong speech tu 4 very thin House, and on that point he could not help remarkiiig that when they were a»ke-i to adjourn the House over the race weeK they were told that if they did not do so the racing uitmbers would uot attsmi to carry on the debate on the Budget. Now. it was a singular fact that there was not at that time a ingle racing member present. They adjourned the debate for an inconvenient period, and had not the Treasurer's speech been embalmed in print it would have been forgotten, and now they were dis cussing it in a thinner House than if they hadcoa tinued the debate during the race week. There were one or two points whish he must touch oa ia common with the speech of the Treasurer. The ' hon gentleman stated that the late Government, of which he (Mr. Barrow) had the honour to be Treasurer, issued £35,000 worth of Treasury bilkl when there was no occasion to iBsue them. The Treasurer seemed to think that because he (Mr. L'arrow) did not rise to contradict him that must be taken as an acknowledgment of the correctness of his assertion. He, however, simply abstained from contradicting him as he knew he was making a random statement, and he thought he would let the Treasurer bury himself in the hole which he had dug for himself, if the hon. gentleman would consult the Under-'freasurer, than whom there was not a more reliable public ollieer, that gentleman would tell him that the bills were not issued before they were wanted, that they were issued at the best time for issuing them, that those bills fetched a good price, and that the bonds be (Mr. Barrow) issued when he was Treasurer fetched a higher rate than any of the boudi issued by the present Treasurer. He thought he was quite right in matting that point against the Treasurer. They expected tliat the Treasurer would have brought forward some grand scheme of finance. He was very sweet on inscribed stock at one time; but now they heard nothing of that, aud why- Because the market was not favourable for the moment for lloating these bonds. But all the Treasurer wanted was a permissive BilL lie was not bound to float the bonds if the market was in an unfavourable state; but supposing the Treasurer waited until the market was in a favourable state and the House was in recess, he would lose the opportunity of taking advantage of the market, because he w.is afraid to take the necessary authority when the market was unfavourable. Therefore, while the Tieasurer had been studying arithmetic he had forgotten finance. The hou. gentleman 6aid his Treasury bills, bearing £1 lls. 3d. interest per annum, would not fetch par, ami tlieiefote it was absuid to expect tint he Ciiuld have floated bones at par in the form of iuscnbei slock. He might or might not have floated them at par; but there was another point in favour of bouds, which was that whilst the Treasury bills bad only three years' currency, the bonds had a longer currency, and the longer currency, provided it was not excessively long, was more an-eptaule than the shorter term. Did the Treasurer shnke his head at that?-that a higher price would be obtained for a 25 years' bona than for a three years' Treasury bilU The Treasurer seemed tu think that the shorter the time the higher the price, lie (Mr. Barrow) met that with a tht denial, and he asserted that a Government b.uid having 25 or *JU years to run would command more competition, anil would bnug in trustees aud other pursoua, which Treasury bills of two or three years' currency would not do. if the Treasurer differed fi oui him iu that so much the woiee for the Treasurer, because he wus sure he (Mr. Barrow) would be borne out by statistics and figures in what he had slated. He did nut mean to say that they should make their bonds to run 50 or GO years, because when they passed from the hands ol one genera tion to another it was ditlk-ult to see from the beginning- to the end what fluctuations and muta tions there might be iu the money market, and every one who was conversant in the smallest degree with the subject knew that there was always a large sum of muney awaiting investment where the investment was secure and undisturbed for u number of years. So much the worse, then, for the Tieaburtr's management, it appeared lie had poor oilers for his bonds, whereas iu other places good ofleis were made. A considerable portion of Eour per Cents were sold in Victoria, and he did not see why the credit of Victoria Hhould bo better than the credit oi South Australia. He knew Mr. Langton bad a difficulty in floating the whole of las iimcnbtd stock, but he ultimately did so at par. Tne Treasurer went to Victoria ami inspected the books there; but what was the benefit to the colony of that inspection 1 He had prepared no scheme, and all that v'tuou of liiiauciul 8'mplificatiou had vanished into thin air; and the Treasurer looked for uothiug now but to get his supplies, to have a dissolution immediately afterwards, aud a general election as speedily as posbible after that. Tne Tteasuier had laid down the extraordinary principle uiui it uu iuiu uuuuey iu iiiu J.icii»urj nc iiau a right to spend it without auy special sanction on the part of the Parliament. Without wishing to inanity small matiera, and without any desire to distort one word to the hou. gentleman'^ prejudice, he did say it would be perilous in the extreme to KiHcuou that principle -(hear, hear) -aud uotouly pciiluue, but treacherous uud traitorous to the country if they did not protest against it. (t'heeru.) Why, it was a fundamental principle of political libeity and gaiety that the taxes raised by the people should be raised with the consent oi the people and expended only with their conseui. The hon. getitleman would nut attempt tu raise taics without tliu sanction of the peoplr, but lie would expend them without that '?onsent, and he felt hound to lift up his voico ag.iiu.st t ii.it. No doubt emergencies would occur when the Govern ment were bound to expend money without Parlia mentary sanctum. Such a thing was doue wh'ti they passed a Bill altering the Customs duties. The Collector of Customs van directed to collect duties on the proposed new rate to prevent uuy uickcry. and to maintain a proper and fair balance I etween (he different parties who hail transactions with the tustom-ilouse. The Government, how ever, in doing that ki.ewthat it was a temporary measure. It was done, not iu recess, but when Parliament was in session, aud when every act could be tciutiuized and watched, and the Govern ment always took cure to gel a bill of indemnity as quickly as pot-Bible fully justifying what had been illegally tbouKh necessarily doue. But then why should they perpetrate an illegal expenditure of money when there was no cause to do it? And this wab the couiplaiut lie had to make against the Government- that they had expended money ille gally when they might have got the legal sanction of Parliament. The four or five Kailway Kills of iast session were Bills authorizing the construction cf the woil:», bur not, authorising the expenditure i f DiOiity. There were Iwo distinct processes to go through. They passed one process, but they were never invited to consider the other. His hon. cjI league (Mr. Townseml) hid tabled a motion ior a railway from Adelaide to this Murray, and he (ifr. Barrow) had a motion for telegraphic extension to Cape Borda. Suppose the House passed thtBe, would that be a sufficient tanctiou for the Government to at ouce incur the expenditure on thcae works? (No) Most certainly not. The Treasurer said it would not when it was a proposal emanating from a private member, but that it would be quite suffi cient sanction to any propo3al emanating from the Treasury bunches. There seemed to be a bok of magic virtue in olfice which enabled Ministers to do what others could not do amidst a blaze of apology. The hon. member must, he thought, retract what he stated about the right of the Go vernment to spend money without Parliamentary fcaiictiou. The Government had no legal right to do so, and if any hon. member said thay had he *ould soon bring tiie matter to issue by tabling Eome motion upon which the sense of the House might be taken. He wished to lay strees upon the word 'legal' right, became there might be aa absolute necessity to expend money which it would I e morally wrong not to do so, and when the Government must accept the responsibility, know ing that although their action w-ta uot wuiiin the limitof tlielaw, ;t was absolutely ntct^ary, and they would obtain lep-tl sanction attcrwards. But was that the case here.' The Treasurer could have obtained legal sn'ittiou to the expenditure, but ho declined to do to. For thai reason he felt bound to euttr his prottat against the courte pursued, and agamst tbe extraordinary doctime laid down. With regard to the mode m which this moiiey was expended, Mr. Hughes pointed out that a very Jai^-e amount ot excels wan ants hud beeu issuco. Pern-ins tome of these weie Lot excess warrants, but advance warrants. Kxecfis warranty were issued when a certain aruuunt of money haviug been voted far n parti cular work, which had unexpectedly cost more than was estimated, ana which u would beruuiouitu leave incumplete. Ihen an exaaa wmaut to given for the ainouut over and a'jove what lul bten voted ior the work. Advance warrant;- were where money was advanced without anything having been voted by Parliament. 'Take tiie question of the Jndian famine. Suppose the ne»n of that had come to fcrifciand during the recess, the Government would have go*, an ad-zonce warrant. to meet that. That was not an txc-.a warrant, but an advance warrant, auypubi iii-; r« tervoir should burst during tne recess, the Government would issue, not an excess warrant but an advance warrant, because tbe acci dent, not having been foreseen, could not have been provided for. The Government would gel jm auvance warrant, trusting to the Parliament to indemnify them afterwards, in issuing au advance h arrant, however, no Government wouid pitjd thtt they did it as a legal right, but simply a* a matter of public necessity. He tbousUt a Guvtrument ought not to issue tsituer excebs or advance warranU unless absolute!/ ntce-6ary. When they were necessary the Govern* Uifcut mutt take the rtdpmi&iUlay; or ucniun llieui, but let them rot come down taying, ' U'eciu uo it without -ou. We do noi »-ni your authority for it. We only want jou to give us au aictnwt resolution m to the propriety of toe wort, and then we can do without you nb regards the req'iiiii2 expenditure.' 'ii.ut u Uic diatmctiuu, and nuu. meu.beis would iiut hay it was a dutictioa without a ddlertnce. (Hear, hear.) in s-ouie KaiLyay Uiila theic were clauacb auiiionzuif. iUc requisite «i-u* of iuoi;e) to be i.;i6td, but no funds wciis pruvi.lou in the i'uilw&y; Uil;-s ?/^-:e-i iu.-t session. Ths«c liilii hiniply ui/ ruitd Uic MbUW. ?-iinc;i'le of the a'lvisa biiity of tU pojI;. .inJ le!- it to the Parliament afteiwaiiis to maki* provision for the r*quHU« expenditure. Uie Government bad uimpiy v,o* pubb-*uo'' of the Bills aliiuniug liie de!iiruutcu«»4 of constructing these wuiLs, and then they pro ceeued to the execution ul the works iu dcikuca al the Parliament— net intentionally, bnt because they did not know their business. He had no hesitation in making these statements, because be was satisfied he should be borne out byhon. . members who had studied the Constitution Act iooJc at these Railway Bills. They were passed in one session. The works were commenced and responsibilities were incurred during the recess, and a Bill was brought in in the following tension, which Bill might be constitutionally rejected. The works were approved in the abstract in orje session; in the recess re sprnsibilities were incurred, and in the following sessir-n the House was told that they must pasB the Bill to meet the expenditure incurred. Was that what responsible Government was rednced to ? Was that what members of that House were prepared to submit to ? Had the Government any authority to expend money by the Bills of last session ' If so. were not those Bills Mr ncy Bills, and cupht they not to have been introduced by messsre from the Governor, which was not done? Did the Speaker present those Bills at the bar of the Legislative Council ? No. Theyfwerc net Money Bills, nnd therefore they provided no funds, and the Treasurer and his colleagues had no right whatever to assume that because these Eailwav Bills were p.-ssellast year therefore they were justified in expending as a matter of rijrht the public funds upon worts for the construction of which no funds had been voted. These remarks would have been spared if the Treasurer had stated that in vitw of the abundant harvest or tie state of the labonr market the Government had taken the resnoniibility of order ing the plant and expending the money, knowing that, although they had no authority to do so. they shon'd obtain authority to do so. ( The Treasurer— ' Hear, hear.') Was that the ground the - Jovern ment took i (The Treasurer — ' Yes ;*' and sn hon. member— 'Ko, no.*') Then the Go vernment bad been mest unfortunate in ex pressing themselves. The statement made by the Treasurer was that the Government were notified in expending money on the authority of the Eills passed- last session. He traversed that f-tatcment altogether, and said the Government bad rto mnre authority to spend money under trose Bills than they had to expend the money in makirga rafrViv from Adelaide to the Murray if fl.ir. Townsend'.; ir:otinn aftirnvng the desirible effs of such a wii- 1: were carried. AH expenditure ♦ f the public rr.on- y ruu-t l-e sanctioned by both IJcusts. and it mu=t be covered by the Appropria tion Act. He wr.s rot saying this in any hostile spirit towards the Treasurer and his cr-Heipues ; but he spoke earnestly, because he felt that the'e were important constitutional questions involved in the fact that the Ministers had overridden. iimLtentk.raiiy no d«':l-t. the Cor-tituti-j:i of the cr-untry. hud set aside the authority of Pj.rli.i cent, and had attempted by trcir own ;-'c -Kai to pive sanction to works which required the Farc'kn of b'th Houses and the three estate' nf the realm. With regard to the Civil Service Bill, le sliculii reserve hi3 remark? until that Uillcame fn. He lioppif they wi.uld i»e al-!e to pass a Bill which would be useful to the I'ivii Service. He would just sin:piy forewarn Ministers of one thins, in order that they rnitrht take a note of his oltjec tirn. He did not think tint the Gonnnisiiou wt.ich was appointed was a properly appointed C- mruission. (Hear, hear.) A I'ivil .Service Com mission should repres-nt the heads of depart ments, the rank and file of the service, and the oattide public. The Civil Service was made fur tie public and nut the public for the Civil Service, but the way m which the Com mission was appointed de;;lt with only oce of the three e-sentials just special. It recognised the heads «f the deDirtmeats, but it ignored the rank :\rA file of the service, and utterly shut out the public (^heer9.) With regard to the Civil Service, he stated positively, and if challenged for proof he could give it, that the pre sent Civil Service Bill and the method of arriving at it was not such as to give satisfaction to the Civil Service. It might give satisfaction to certain members of it— and it would be strance if it did not — but whilst it made fish of one ard flesh of the other, and whilst the whole thing had been con ducted in such a different spirit to what might have been expected, it was absurd for the Government tothir.k it would give satisfaction either to the Service or the public. No one could suspect him of raisin? an objection to the gentlemen who weie appointed on the Commission. They were entitled to be on the Commission; but others were entitled to be there too. ami he should like to have seen a mixed Commission, in which a few colonistB of gix)d judgment and understanding might have given their assistance in framing a report which would have satL-fied not only the ambition of the heads of the departments and the hopes and aspirations r-f the rank and file, but have secured the general coi.fidence of the public. The Commission, however, hail onlv effected one of these three objects. He should like to know fro.n the Go-eminent whether the rerwt of the Civil Service Commission was the only document the \- kivemment had. and whether, seeing they were authorzed to call for papers, documents, and wit nesses, any witnesses were called. Also, whether ary reporter was engaged, and whether any papers were produced. Was the whole matter considered so icsi?nific=nt and trivia! as that it couli be dealt with solely by the Auditor-General and rive Secretaries to responsible Ministers / Tfce nio-ie in which the Commission was appointed, so far as its appointment was developed in the documents before them, was most unsatisfactory, and if tht1 Ministers had not hear! nwh about it it fcsd sixupiy been t ecaus-e thnse who had a great deal to say hesitated to do h-, being rt luctam to em banass the Government or obstruct public busi ness. He mupt either sav nithin? or say what he thought. (Cheers.) He would, however, say thin, that if the (Jovernraert brcutrht down all the docu ments they had with regard to the Civil Service Bill, whatever objection he in'ght have to it he would render his best assistance to them in endea vouring to get it put into a sliane which wouid be satisfactory to the House, and he should not attempt to make it the groundwork' if an attack upon the Treasury benches. He supposed they would have ample opportunities of dp uissing the Loan Bill and Civil Service Bill foy-anrt-by, and therefore he should content himself with the observations be had made. He s3w that the Treasurer thought he hail accomplished a grand feat in change? the financial year from July to Jrne instead of from January to December. A ffw years ago, however, the Parliament were con gratulated on having made an alteration the other way, and therefore the Treasurer's idea whs simply the revival of an old plan which had been found inconvenient. He thought t hat last session as Homer nodded the House were to some extent asleep, and it would have been wiser if the Treasurer had accepted his triumph as unobtrusively as possible instead of coming down flourishing it in their faces and crying 'I did it, I did it.'' (Laughter) He suppled he should have an opportunity of discussing in detail the items under the head I egislalature, because he should have some thing to say when that was considered. Iheir proper course was to discuss broad financial questions, and one scarcely knew whether to go into the particular lines or whether to confine oneself to the main points of financial policy. He observed that the Treasurer hail not shown what each department of the service earned— informa- tion which was given in previous Estimates. He fccptd they would be able to push through the Estimates pretty quickly. He believed there was no proper authority to pay the salaries of the Civil fcervauts after the 30th of this montli. (The Trea surer— ' Hear.') The Treasurer looked rather dubious about that, although cf course if he ha-l nioneyin the Treasury, why should he not use it? (Laughter.) The supplies, however, had only been granted up to the 30th June, and if the Estimates were not passed by the 30th June they must of course pay the salaries, but he hoped it would be dene in a constitutional way. He trusted the Treasurer would bring down a Supply Bill, and not simply pay the money out of the Treasury because it happened to be in the Treasury, forgetting that the time might come when his liabilities would bs trreater than they were now, and his resources less. (Cheer*.) Mr. LAKE, after listening to the last speaker, could not help thinking that the Treasurer had made a great mistake. The Treasurer had stated that the order for railway material was sent to England because there was a prospect of iron being much dearer. He noticed that rails were quoted in latest advices at £9 7s. 6d. per ton, and the Treasurer had paid j£9 per ton, so that, cal culating the interest he had paid, he did not think he had gained anything, and he had performed an unconstitutional act. He thought also that the Treasurer made a mistake in not selling *iS0.00O worth of bonds at £& 7s. fd., or \\\ per cent. ; but it was not an in tentional mistake, and, considering the views of the Treasurer, it was perhaps pardonable. He znuEt complain of the war in which the viceregal speech was delivered. They were promised some statement of Ministerial financial policy; but he had Bat for a couple of hours listening to an array of small figures which would have wearied any schoolboy. The Treasurer was very lavish in his promises. He told them about Banks and about particular sorts of loans ; but after all it amounted to nothing- The Treasurer had bad an opportunity of bringing down a policy; but be preferred to put it off unril another tirce, and if the House allowed him to have another twelve months' tenure, of office he might perhaps come down with some policy. Now, however, was the only time when as a matter of fair play the Treasurer should have brocaht forward his policy. He simply said thu because the Treasurer had told them he was ripe with schemes for improving the finances, and he bad not mentioned one of his schemes for altering the financial operations of the colony; but there was no Ministerial policy at all in his speech, and Eotfcing. in fact, to complain of save the sins of emiiBioii. He disagreed with the Treasurer in eoire of his ste'eipent;. The Treasurer said he was prepared to increase the colonial u^bt to ;'\c millions; if it cou'd only be shown -kx the works to be carried out by the in reaaed 1o.tm would be tKeful a«d reproductive. He a*id unhmi&ingly;, however, tiiat the ratting debt was largely represented by works which were riot reproductive. The Treasurer seemed to think South Australia could borrow more simply because she had net yet borrowed so much as other colonies had. He admitted that other colonial debts were much larger than onr own, but there ware altogether different circumstances, and he cnai lenged the Treasurer to show that other places were paying mere per head for the r debt than South Australia. Taking all matters into con sideration, the interest on our public debt was as large as the interest in the other colonies where a much larger amount was borrowed. He made these assertions on the authority of Martin's 'States- men's Handbook' He found that the public debt of Great Britain amounted to £25 per head, of France £25. of the United States £11 5s., and of KuEsia £4 12s. The colonial debt of South Aus tralia be took at three milions, and the population at 200,000, making the indebtedness £15 per head as compared with £25 per head in Great Britain. The debt of Great Britain could Hot be called up, ard was charged 3 per cent interest, whilst the debt of South Australia paid 5 per cent, interest, and was liable to be called up. The cost of govern ment of Great Britain amounted to £2 10a. per head of the population, whilst in South Australia it amounted to £5. The interest on the National Debt of Great Britain amounted to 17a. per.heaJ, whilst in South Australia it was 18s. per head, in Prussia it was Is. 6U, iu France 16s., in the United States 10s., and in Russia 5s. In New South Wales he found the interest on the debt amounted to 26s. per head, as against ISs. in South Australia; but look at the different circum stances of the two colonies. In South Australia there were 135 miles of railways, which, according to the estimate of the Treasurer, only produced an escess of £8. MO revenue over expenditure; whereas in &ew; South Wales there were 396 miles of rail way, which had cost the whole of her present debt, but which during the last four years had shown an excess of revenue over expenditure of £t6?,G0fl. or an average of £141,250 per annum. The debt of South Australia was three millions— O'o)— he was including the £6*00,009 which was authorized— (No)— and taking it at t! per cent.— and we diil not pay 6 per cent for the whole of it— the interest would be £180,000 per annum; but New St uth Wales out of her railways alone got £14-i,000 per at num. The total debt of New South Wales was 10} millions, and this was fully represented at 5 per cent by the income of £Ul,000 per annum, ard she did not owe a larger amount than the rail ways would pay the interest on, while we had a deb; of two and a half millions, out of which we got no interest at all; for if it was said that we got a revenue out of Waterworks, and that we had public building?, he would assume that .New South Wales and Victoria were in a similar position, and he would therefore put everything but railways out of the question. The Treasurer was decidedly wrorg when he said that we did not owe as much as New South Wales in proportion, because we were two or three millions worse off. Then he ranie to Victoria, but she did not give the cost of her railways, and he had reckoned them at the same cost per mile as those in New South Wales. (Mr. Solomon—' Double.') If double bo much the vrcrse for the Treasurer. Victoria had 329 miles of railway, which had cost 11 millions of money. The present debt of Victoria was only 12 millions, so that apart from their railways, which were very productive, they only owed a million. We owed two and a half to three millionn. and how could the Trearurersay we were better off than Victoria. There was not the slightest doubt that we were not so well off and owed more in propor tion to the property we had, as there was nothing to bring us interest on any sum approaching thr«e millions. Because these works were unproductive the taxes were as much as the people could be.ir, and if the Treasurer persisted in the course he had adopted the House would begin to think that they wouid have no further confidence in the Treasurer, or that they had lost their confidence when they did put their trust in him. Now, let them look at the cost of Government per head in this and other countries. In New South Wales the cost was £4 per head ; in Victoria, £2 19s. : and in South Aus tralia over £4. He would ask the Treasurer on that basis whether we were in a better position than Victoria to borrow money unless we could show plainly how we were going to pay the interest upon it He admitted that we were better able to pay the cost of Government here than they were in England ; but he denied that we were better able to pay £4 per head than they were able to pay £1 13b. per head in England, where there had been struggles to show that they were not able to afford even that amount. If it were necessary to refer to Great Britain he might refer to the Advertiser —which he did not take as his guide, but which had put some information in reference to the statistics of Great Britain in very readable form It was there shown that the ordinary expenditure, apart from army and navy expenses, fell short of JKO.W-0,000, or 13s. per head of the population, against cur £4 2s. per head. Where was our economical Government ? Where were the boasted riches or the income of which we spoke, and the borrowing power on which the Government dilated -; (Laughter.) As soon as figures ware looked into the extent of our population was noted, 3nd it was seen that we were willing to borrow largely, and to consolidate our revenue our financial Btatus would not be considered so good as it was thought at present. On the Stock Exchange the custom was generally to compare our debt with our revenue, and it must not be forcotten that a million of money was looked upon as a larce revenue for SCO.O'O people. Supposing our revenue to l-e one million, and we had 10 years to pay our debt in, our security would be ten millions. But that was not the true way to look at the matter. Supposing instead of petting only a million o! revenue we taxed the people and got a revenue of five minion.', we would not have five times a.? good security; but the fact of the people bcirg taxed five times more than they ought to be would bring our credit into a disgraceful state in a very short time. Another point which they had to consider was one he had always taken exception to. So long as we had an overflowing Treasury, and could get in money by any means it was believed that we had a perfect right to expend that money for any purpose. He would ask the Treasurer— although it had been dore by his predecessors— whether he could con FcitntiouBly, as a matter of true financial policy, appropriate £250.000. the result of the land sale?, for the ordinary purposes of revenue, except with the one view that posterity should pay our debts. Paying off the interest we paid now was not paying off our dehts. We must pay our debt3. and the sooner we face the matter the better. The policy of renewing our debts as they became due with the interest attached, instead of paying off the liabilities would in 10 years increase the debt to six millions, and, in order to pay interest and arrange for redemption, in 30 years' time an annual payment of £500,0000 would be neces Fary. The Treasurer had spoken of consolidation. But what was the meaning of consolidation I Would the Treasurer say how he was goinz to con solidate, because that made all the difference:' Would the country gain anything, or was it onlv for the convenience of the Treasurer? He did nob Fee that they should study the convenience of the Treasurer against the interests of the country— (Hear, bear)— and there wonld be no economy in consolidation. If by consolidation the Treasurer meant uniformity, something might be done; but consolidation was another thing. It meant studying the customers and not ourselves, and uniformity would mean studying ourselves ami not the customers. By consolidation we could do nothing but lose, and the sooner we gave up the idea of it the better for ourselves and our credit. The Treasurer would have to barrow monev before it was actually wanted, and it would be lying idle, or, if used, it would be an injury to the public, because the expenditure would be in wrong channels. But where was this going to end? What were the Government to do when they had got rid of the particular loan which they had obtained? They must borrow on the old style or on some other. The Treasurer could not consolidate future loans unless he meant to antici pate loans for future purposes for the next 50 years. If hon. members would think out the question for themselves he thought the result would be a great economy to the country. Seeing that this was likely to be brought about, if hon. members gave their attention to it, he was quite sure that the country would be quite satisfied with their conduct He could not agree, notwithstanding the two hours' speech they had had from the Treasurer, he had given tbem one bit of policy worthy of acceptance df tbe Bouse. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. BIyth) had listened carefully to the speech of the hon member Mr. Lake, who had endeavoured to make out that South Australia was in a very bad way indeed ; but she was in no such position, and no one knew better than the hon. member for Barossa. It had been said that nothing was so fallacious as figures. He did not believe in the accuracy of the Statesman's Year Book in reference to these colo nies, as he had found several mistakes in it Let the hon. member take the estimates of the other colonies, and the statements made by their Governments, and he thought he would hold a different opinion with reference to South Australia and her borrowing. The hon. mem ber, while he referred to the amount that was to be borrowed for South Australia, had not referred to the extent of the borrowine powers of the other colonies. In reference to borrowing the hon. member had not mentioned the case of New Zealand, in which the greatest interest had been shown by capitalists, because, perhaps, Sew Zealand was the worst case he. cou'd bring forward in support of his view ; for it was a matter of comment in the newspapers of New Zealand that the extent of her debt was not known. The comparison which the hon. member had drawn between government in these' colonies and the older countries was unfair, and he thought if the hen. member had much experience of older countries he would have a different opinion in re-ftrerc,' to the taxes that there had to be p3id. Those older countries had to Tnake no grants for roide. District Cqnncils, or railwavs, but all thesa tliDgB were piled up against ptor South Autulia, The colony v» not. bc^eTtf, in anything like the bad position which was repre sented by the hon. member for Baroesa, but occupied a more favourable position in the eyes of those who were exceedingly good judges, namely, persons who had money to lend, and at the present time it was in a more favourable posi tion than it had been at any previous period. He did not wish to go minutely into the costs of government, but knew that if the hon. member looked at the subject he wonld find that the expense of government here was very much less than in the mother country, and the Government here performed a vast number of duties that would not be undertaken in Europe, and which no Government was called on to peiform. Comparing South Australia with tbe other colonies they saw that New South Wales had got no main roads, and Victoria only granted about £30,000 as the public revenue for road-maintenance. He thought he was quite right in staling that amount, and knew that he would be correct in stating a lower sum with regard to New South Wales, There was one thing which lerders in the mother- country looked to in these colonies. All those colonies that entirely ignored immigration as one of their duties were the par ticular colonies whose credit did not stand the highest Hon. members might shake their heads, but the two colonies of the Australian group New Zealand and South Australia— who were carrying out immigration, had secured better prices than any other for their bonds. Nothing would advance a young community like that of Australasia better than a well-devised scheme for increasing the population by means of im migration, though he did not say anything in reference to the details of such a scheme. The hon. member had told them that our debt per head was larger than in any of the neighbouring colonies, but let not the hon. member go to the Statesman's Year-book, but to the Blue-books to which he had access, and he would find that the debt per head of South Aus tralia was lower than almost all the others. It was unfair for the hon. member to include the £600,000 to be borrowed for railways amongst the loans, when he had not given the colony credit in his statement of the mileage of railway con struction for the works which were to be carried out with those funds. He thought no man would say that South Australians were a i.^avily taxed people; they certainly were not as heavily taxed a community as that of Vic toria, to which the hon. member referred. In regard to the maintenance of roads in Victoria, if the hon. member would travel merely from Melbourne to St Eilda he would find that he would have to contribute something towards the keeping up of the roads. The Government had wisely refrained from taking such an expense entirely on their shoulders. If the hon. member would take up the Blue-Books of the various colonies, he thought he would be able to make as good a case for the colony of South Australia as could possibly be conceived. Mr. Barrow had made some remarks of a severe kind on the Civil Service scheme as a whole. He had said that it ought to give satisfaction to the Civil Service, that House, and the outside public. He would admit that it should give satisfaction to the Civil Service and that House, but having satisfied the latter they were entitled to consider that the public were satisfied through their representatives ; but he would Bay this much, that no hon. member who wished to dev'se any 6cheme what ever for the Civil Service. settling, as it would do, the salaries to be re ceived now. the annual increase, the retiring allowances, and various other matters, could hope to make it satisfactory to all. There always would be a great many who would feel and express in very unmistakable language the opinion that their particular cases or points had been overlooked. In a case of this kind there was only one course to be adopted, and that was the manly ore of doing what they thought right with a general scbeine, without looking into the minor details which some persons would like to advance. He thought if there had been any dissatisfaction in the Civil Service he would have heard of it, as he never laid himself open to the charge of being a person who was not accessible in such matters; in fact, his time at certain periods during the year was taken up with hearing statements. He hud heard a few complaints— so few that he could count them on the fingers of his hand —and he thought this a strong proof that the Bill gave general satisfaction to the Service; and he thought that if he referred the question to the House whether they would have the proposed Bystem or another Bill their votes would prepon derate very much on the side of the Government. He was quite certain that there was a wide- spread feeling that the queston of the Civil Service had received a very careful consideration. The hon. member for the Sturt asked whether there were not a number of papers, and whether there were not snorthand reporters engaged ; but every person knew that enquiries of this kind led into private matters, eucIi as a man's age, health, and general qualifications, and it would be most unfair, as it would be unavisable, that matters of this kind should be made pub ic. He could only say that in the skeleton of the measure tbe hon. member would find the countenance of the Bill which had been prepared by his Government and which he was prepared to advocate and vote for, A number of Ministries had been engaged on this subject and a wonderful agreement was shown both as to what such a Bill should be and as to the suitability of the Bill that was laid before Parliament It had been said that they had made a mistake m altering the financial year; but it was a fact that another colony, viz., Queensland, was about to follow our example, and when that was done New South Wales would be the only colony in the eroup which had not the same financial year And he knew that in New South Wales they were quite ready for the change. He had one word to say on what was called the constitutional question, and it was that if they wished to conduct their borrowing wisely they would follow the course adopted last sesaion, and carefully exclude from Bills authorizing public works the borrowing powers which had been formerly included in them, as nothing could be more generally agreed upon by those who knew anything of borrowing in the City of London than the undesirabiliiy of borrowing on smdl loans authorized in various Acts. The lwr rowing powers should be placed in one Bill for that purpose, and those who had money to lend could easily consult the Act at the office of the Agent General. He had voted for the second reading of the South - Eastern Kailway Bill when he was on the other side of the House, and inasmuch as he had done so he at once felt bound to vote for the borrowing of funds to carry it out And the same ought to be the case with reference to all matters of this kind. The Treasurer had done his best in what he had done for the interests of the colony, and if he had borrowed money on the bonds before he had sent them home be would have been blamable by hon. members as a person who had not in his public capacity acted with the same acuteness which would characterize his own dealings in his own business. The Government had acted so as to carry out without waste of funds these railway works, which had received the solemn assent of the Parliament of South Australiaand the three estates of the realm. He had known the case of several Treasurers, and was included m the number, who had unwisely borrowed before they had obtained leave to do so. An injury had thus been done to South Australia, and he hoped the rule would not be followed in future. A great deal of ignorance prevailed outside the House on the subject of consolidation, a large number of people believing that Parliament had power to pass a Bill to cause bondholders to accept 4 per cent bonds in exchange for 6 per cent, but those who held the bonds without an exception held an entirely different opinion. Holders could not be induced to produce their bonds unless they got something for doing so. They had as much right to detain the bonds they held as mortgagees had to retain their deeds, and the advice of Lord Lyndhurst to those was that they should put them in an iron box and sit upon it, and never leave their position till they were forced. He thought they would have to look some years forward before they would have a uniform stock; for persons having got a thorough good security, which they were quite contented to retain, would not take any trouble to exchange them for the benefit of South Australia. The Government were ready to give the Civil Service question the fullest consideration, and in their action up to the present they had only striven to do what was right in relation to the people concerned. On the motion of Mr. BEES the debate was ad journed until Thursday next JUSTICES OF THE PEACE BILL. This Bill was received from the Council, and read a first time. LOAN BILL. This Bill, on which the debate had been ad journed, was read a second time. In Committee. The preamble was postponed. Clause 1 was passed as printed. Clause 2. Treasurer may issue bonds. Mr. BRAY wished to know whj no amount was fixed. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said that the bonds might be of different denominations. Tbe clause was then passed. Clauses 3,4,5, and 6 were passed as printed. Schedule. Mr. BARROW asked what amount had been expended, or were the Government liable for on account of the works mentioned in the schedule. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. £. Bright) said the amount paid for land at the Port Adelaide Station was something like £22.000, and the amount estimated for sundry works on the North line was £28,550. He might mention with regard to the amount paid for land at Port Adelaide that the Government had saved £9,000 by the litigation they commenced respecting the exorbitant prices which was demanded for the land. The total amount down for extra accornmo d&tion; on the Port line was £38.000, and about half cf thai amount had been expended. The amounts st: (leva for the Fort Wakefield, Extension Railway, the Port Pirie and Gladstone Eailway, tbe Port Wakefield and Eadina Bail way, and tbe Port Broughton and Barunga Railway were according to 'the estimates of the Engineer-in-Chief. The completion of the Adelaide Waterworks Extension was set down at £r5,000. The Port Augusta and Port Darwin Telegraph was not in his department, but the Treasurer or Chief Secretary would give informa tion about that About £30.000 had at present been expended on the Waterworks, and a contract for £40,000 or £58,100 had been accepted. Mi. BABKOW wished to know how mush of the £600,000 had already been spent or liabdities incurred for. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde), speaMne roundly, said about half the money. Mr. WEST-ERSR.INE opposed the Port Wake field and Kadina Railway last session, and he should now move that this hue be struck out of the schedule. Mr. KAMSAY supported the amendment, as he thought tbe money could be much better expended in another way. Mr. BOUCAUT greatly regretted hi3 vote last session. He now believed it was a great mistake to make a railway from seaport to seaport, and he now wished to record his protest against it Tbe COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. B. E. Bright) said hon. members were mis taken in saying this railway went from one seaport to another, although it did connect two ports. (Laughter.) He objected to the lion, member for West Torrens making it appear that this line was juEt along the coast, whereas it opened up a large area of back country, and gave it means of com munication to large centres oi population. If this railway were not carried it would be necessary to make a macadamized road, which would cost at least £1.010 per mile. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE maintained that this railway did not affect the question of communica tion between Clare and Wallaroo, and it was really a railway from seaport to seaport Mr. STOW-Is this the line which was autho rized by Bill last session? The CHAIRMAN- Yes. Mr. STOW— Then 1 move that the Committee divide. (No. no.) Mr. LAKE opposed the Port Wakefield and Kadinaline. He argued that the whole distance between the two points was only 32 miles, and that, even if the railway were made, it would not greatly facilitate the traffic. The information given to the House respecting this line was exceed ingly meagre, and he had been aseuied by resi dents on Yoike'B Peninsula that they cid not want this railway. Besides this, if the idea was to connect Wallaroo and Clare and tfce Northern hue there would be a break of gauge, for this line was to be made of tbe 3 feet 6 in. gaufe. Mr. BOUCAUT twitted the ComaisEioner _ of Public WorkB with having initiated tie discussion by giving arguments for the line which called for a reply from those who strongly conlemned the railway. He expressed Ins conviction that the railway would be a great mistake. Mr. SMITH said two years ago Mr. Duncan nsoved that a railway or macadamized road should be constructed between Port Wakefield. and Kadina, and that was almost unanimously affirmed. Last EesBion the Government brought in a Bill for a railway, which was passed, and now it was hardly fair for hon. members to raiae up and oppose this means of communication being given to the people ot the Pemusula. If the railway was not con structed a road must be made; and of the two he preferred the railway, and believed it might be made a reproductive work. Mr. LINDSAY said if he did not oppose this line it was simply because he recoguisad the claim which Yorke's Peninsula had for sime means of communication. He voted agaimt the third reading of the Bill last session on engineering details, and in voting now for the lint, he, in the absence of fuller information than wa3 before the House, threw the whole onus of makinj the railway on the Government. Mr. WEST- ERSKINE contended, in answer to a remark made by Sir. Smith, that he was not actine unfairly in opposing this line, in reference to which he had expressed his disapprobation last session. , , . . Air. RAMSAY said Mr. Smith had complained that they would not be doing the people of Yorke's Peninsula justice if they did not pasa this line; but his desire was to give them a macadLmized road, which would run where they wanted it All the heavy goods would continue to go by water even if a railway were constructed, and the Government would be paying £115.000 to take pioduce which would otherwise be shipped at Port Wakefield on to a railway belonging to a private Company. If the line were taken to Moonta the advantage would be greater. Mr. BOOTHBY said if the produce went by tea to Wallaroo it would have to be carried to Kadina by tbe private railway. After deciding last session that the work was necessary the House could not turn round now and say it was not required. It had been proved over and over again that railways were better than roads, and the proposed railway was from one centre of population to another which was daily increasing. If the argument against connecting two ports had been listened to in the old country there would have been no rail ways between London and Glasgow and London and Liverpool. A motion that the Committee do now divide was carried. The line objected to was declared carried. Mr. WEST- EBSKLNE called for a division. Ates, 17— The Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Attorney-General, Messrs. Barrow, Boothby, Bray, Duncan. Hughes. Krichaufl, Lindsay. Pearce, Bees, Simms, Smith. Solomon, Stow, and the Commissioner of Public Works (teller). Noes, 5— Messrs. Boucaut Lake, Myles, Ramsay, and West (teller). Majority of 12 for the Ayes. The schedule was then passed a3 printed, and the preamble and title were agreed to. Mr. STOW moved that clause 6 be reconsidered. He thought statutory sanction was required for money already advanced. He did not find fault with the Government for incurring the expenditure they had under the circumstances, but he hoped the course they had taken would not be followed. He would also point out that by the Constitution Act every warrant for advancing money had to be countersigned by the Chief Secretary. That was one of the parts of the Constitution Act that had been repealed, and the clause as it stood would give the Governor power to advance money without the counter-signature of the Chief Secretary. The clause was reconsidered and amended so as to provide for the counter-signature of warrants by the Chief Secretary, and to sanction money already advanced for the works authorized by the Bill. Mr. PEARCE moved the reconsideration of clause 4— application of moneys— so as to add the words 'and for no other' after 'purposes' in the fourth line of the clause. He wished to prevent the Government from using money for other purposes than that for which it was voted. (Mr. Stow— 'They cannot') He had been informed that money voted for the Roseworthy Extension had been expended near Adelaide and on other parts of the line. The motion for the reconsideration of the clause was carried. The TREASURER (Hon. L. GlFde) said that if Mr. Pearee intended that every £5 note should be kept separate for the purpose for which it was raised that was impossible. Advances were taken from one loan for another work and repaid, and no com plaint could be made so long as the original intention was carried out. Mr. PEARCE did not want to prevent the Government spending £1,000 raised lor the Port Wakefieid line on the Port Pirie line if it were paid back; but what he objected to was that if a line cost less than it was expected to the balance should be used for another work. Mr. SOLOMON imagined that such an amount would appear in the unexpended balances. The misapplication of money in the way suggested would be a serious charge against any Ministry, and he had never heard of such a thing being done. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) said the words proposed would leave the matter exactly where it was, and he objected to super fluous woids being inserted. He thought the hon. member would find it difficult to get the Auditor General to pass money misapplied in the way he mentioned, and he tkought bis informant must be wrong. ? Mr. WEST- ERSKINE could not understand the Attorney-General's objection to the amendment if it was only because it wonld give no additional force to the clause. Mr. BOUCAUT thought it very inconvenient to add unnecessary words to a carefully- drawn Bill. He thought some latitude should be allowed to the Attomey-GeneraL Mr. PEARCE said he had done his duty in bringing the matter forward, and would not press his amendment. The House resumed, and the Bill was reported. SUSPENSION OF SITTING. Mr. SIMMS moved the suspension of the sitting for three-quarters of an hour, it being then 7 o'clock. Carried. A division was called for:— ATE9, 16— The Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Attorney- General, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Barrow.Boothby, Duncan, Hughes, Lake, Lindsay, Pearce, Ramsay, Solomon, Stow, West-Erekine, and Simms (teller). Noes, 5— Messrs. Boucaut, Krichauff, Bees Smith, and Bray (teller). Majority of 11 for the Ayes. On the House resuming, MOONTA WATER SUPPLY. Further consideration in Committee of motion of Chief Secretary (Hon. A. Blyth)— ' That it is expedient to construct tanks for tbe storaje ana supply of water to the Township of Moonta ana its neighbourhood ; such water to bs sold at a rate not exceeding sixpence per hogshead of fifty -four gallons.'' To which Sir. Stow had moved the wllQwindaDaeadinent ;-Xq strike out oil the voids after 'water' with a view to insert 'for sale to the inhabitants of the township of Moonta and its neighbourhood.' . _, t,. ., The CHIEF SECRETARY (Son. A. Blyth) said he did not wish to take advantage of hon members in having that question decided in so thin a House, but he had nothing to say upon the subject but that he agreed to Mr. Stow's amendment. Mr. REES since last discussion of this question had received a letter from Mr. Drew, bite Mayor of Moonta, stating that he had misapprehended the circumstances of the case when last he spoke, as the tanks were not to be placed in the position pointed out to him when last at Moonta. He now hastened to make the correction by reading Mr. Drew'B letter. Mr. Drew stated that the tanks were to be placed near the town, at a spot where they would be able to secure a proper Bupply, and where the water collected would not be impure. Notwithstanding the change in the Bite of the tanks the objections which he had advanced before ware equally applicable new. He knew that Moonta was in a distressing state through the want of water; but he felt that the adoption of this scheme would be giving them an antidote which was worse than the poison which they had been taking. Tbis scheme involved an expenditure of £b.000. Kadina was petitioning the House for a similar sum, and Wallaroo would possibly soon be doinz the same. The dams which would be required for these three works would re quire an expenditure of £1,700. and he thought it would be very injudicious to carry out such a scheme in preference to a comprehensive one such as that projected some years ago by_ Mr. Rogers on the gravitation principle, and which would only cost £25.(100. He pointed out that certain deposits were carried to the roofs of the houses in Moonta by the prevalence of particular winds, and that by these deposits the waters carried into the tanks were nothing short of beicg poisoned, and a large amount of fever had been the result, several members of families he had heaid of having been carried off by the makeshift policy which they were adopting. He thought the Government would encourage the people of Moonta to continue using this poisonous water. The scheme of Mr. Rogers was comprehensive and cheap, and wonld only take a year and a half for its completion, and theie would not only be an abundant supply for the three townshipB, but he believed a supply could also be given to the Bald Hills. He thought it very problematical that these emergency tanks would be filled twice a year. He did not think that tanks of the capacity stated could 'be made in the way Mr. Hull proposed. Mr. Hull had risen to be a good engi neer, and he did not wish to say anything against him, not knowing the gentleman, but there were other engineers who held an opposite opinion to Ijb; and he (Mr. Rees) must strongly object to. the lining of the tanks with puddle which was proposed, as they would part and crack at the very time that was most critical, viz., in the dry Eeason. The Board of Health had sent an experienced officer to Moonta, and he believed he might say they were as much opposed to this scheme as he was. Most disastrous results had occurred at Moonta last summer through the use by the inhabitants of impure water. In one family which had come within his knowledge five out of eight had died. Dr. Dickie subjected the water to analysis and had found it to be charged with the most dreadful im purities, acd he found that the scheme of the Government would only have the effect of perpetu ating the evil by inducing the people of Moonta, who were not an fait in these matters, to make use of water which was im pure. His observations on thiB question did no arise from any desire he had to oppose the Government, but because he took a very great interest in the public health. He did not consider that Mr. Hull had given sufficient time to bring out a well-considered scheme. He would divide the House on the subject, and thought he had said enough to show that the scheme was not only temporary but very Utopian. Mr. HUGHES said that Mr. Ree3 had begun by reading a letter to show that he was mistaken on this question when last he addressed the House, but from his remarks it appeared that he did not know all about the subject even now. They had the authority of Mr. Furner and Mr. Drew, the present and late Mayors of Moonta, that the site proposed for the dams was quite healthy, and the water stowed there would be perfectly pure. The hon. member was therefore mistaken in thinking that the water collected would flow from the town. The hon. member seemed to think that Moonta should not want a supply of water, because he did not think well of the scheme. He had raised the objection that if this work was carried out for Moonta the same would be required for Kadina and Wallaroo. No one thought that as population extended they should not want a much larger supply of water. In regard to the two latter places the hon. member need not be afraid during this session, for they had a supply of water, and were not placed in the help less position of Moonta. He understood that they were asked to pass an emergency vote, because the inhabitants might be driven out of Moonta for the want of water next summer, and for this reason he thought it worthy of support. The scheme which the hon. member had spoken of really embraced three schemes in one; but whilst he was quite ready to see a comprehensive scheme carried out, that was no reason for opposing the present emergency one. He pointed out that Moonta was in the position of having no public tanks. As to the construction of tanks, he thought that the captains and others about mines who had been enabled to construct very good useful tanks would laugh at the idea of their being considered incapable of carrying out a work such as was proposed. They were urged to do something for the immediate relief of Moonta, and before the late rains. He had seen it stated in one petition that they would soon have to distil water or carry it over by steamers in order to eave the iniiabitants' lives, they had run so exceedingly short in the supply. Therefore whatever the Government did with regard to expensive schemes of water supply let this be given as an emergency vote to enable the residents to take advantage of the present wiuter's rains. There was no surface water, but water impregnated with copper, which was poisonous, and hence the absolute dependence of the residents upon the rainfall of the neighbourhood. He had received an urgent and/ pressing tele gram from the Mayor of Moonta repre senting that every day's delay in this matter was a fatal mistake. Mr. Rees had made an esti mate of 30 gallons per day, but he could only Bay that the people there in their wildest dreams never thought of having such a quantity as that. The grand and comprehensive scheme referred to by Mr. Sees was ? fully set out in Parliamentary Paper No. 92 of 1E65. It was there proposed to build a tank at Wallaroo calculated to bold 120 days' supply for 2,000 persons, five gallons per day — 1,200,000 gallons; at Kadina. a tank to supply 2,500 persons, total capacity of 1,500,000 ; and at Moonta, a tank to supply 3,500, total capacity of 2,100,000. It was evident, therefore, that the proposal was to give each township a separate tank, and he urged hon. members not to cause delay, as delay might result in the infliction of frightful evils on the population during next summer. Mr. AN GAS said the scheme proposed in P.P. No. 92 of 1865 was estimated to cost £33,460, and it would cost at least 25 or 30 per cent more to carry the work out now than in 186*5. The water supply was proposed to be collected from 150 acres at Wallaroo, 63 acres at Kadina, and 158 acres at Moonta, and the supply was calculated on a rainfall of 10 inches per annum. He was not prepared to say what the average rainfall had been. (Mr. Rees— '22 68.') If so double the quantity of water could have been col lected. If tbe tank which it was intended to exca vate could be utilized in connection with the ques tion of drainage from the Bald Hills, it would be very desirable that it should have the countenance of the House; but if it was simply a temporary expedient, he questioned the desirability of it. He believed matters of expediency were pressed upon the House in a manner which involved a great loss of money, and although no one could be more alive to the importance of ensuring a regular water supply to a district dependent upon its owa rain fall, be hoped the Government would postpone the question that night and let hon. members have an opportunity of perusing the report contained in the Parliamentary Paper which had been referred The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) asked the House to imagine the position if the Government had taken a course exactly the reverse of that which they bad followed, and he pictured tbe outcry there would have been had the Government ignored the demands of the Peninsula and disregarded the pitiful appeals which had been made by the authorities at Moonta. There were two modes of defeating a measure— one by direct and definite opposition, and the other by suggest ing in its place a more comprehensive scheme, and their plan was being subjected to the latter mode of treatment The Government were bound to take notice of the appeals made to them. They came to the House at the earliest possible moment they had taken the House entirely into their confidence in the matter, and in reply to the argument for a comprehensive scheme of water supply he said the Government were proposing to give to the people simply what they wanted. If that motion were negatived the [Government would of course bring forward as soon as possible a large scheme of water supply for the Peninsula, but he reminded the House that such a scheme would cost at least ££0,000, and hi a work of such magnitude as that the calculations must be most carefully made, as very serious and costly mistakes might ensue. The amount of £6,000 was absurdly small, consi dering the large population, and he asked the House to consider that there was no other scheme mentioned by which the residents could look for relief next summer. He trusted that they would arrive at some decision that night, and not farther delay the settlement of the question. Mr. DUNCAN said it was a thankless position to oppose the expenditure of money in one's own district, and yet he felt that his duty to his con stituents compelled him to take that position. To carry this vote of £6,C00 would simply be penny wise and pound foolish. (Cheers.) If the Govern ment simply asked for £2,000 to give to Moonta such a water supply as Wallaroo and Kadina had he would support it but he was afraid the voting of this £6,000 would shelve the question of the water supply for Yorke's Peninsula indefinitely If £50,000 were expended oa waterworks there the water would not be given gratis, but would be sold as it was in the city, and the waterworks would doubtless become a reproductive work. He questioned whether, if this amount was voted at once, the tanks could be constructed in time to catch the present winter's rains, and if not that cut away the only argument in favour of this £6,000. Bis colleague had paiuted out that if these tanks were constructed the water would not be impure, but persons who had been to the Peninsula would know that each cottager had hi3 own tank, and he would depend upon that, impure as the water might be, until it was exhausted rather than cart pure water a distance of two or three miles. The water supply at Moonta had been short lately, because building operations had been so extensively carried on that the residents could not construct their tanks. Now, however, he ventured to predict, there were few houses in Moonta which had not their own private tanks, and in all human probability all those tanks were now full. He would far rather vote for a metion cf this kind than against it, but he felt under the circumstances that he must oppose the motion in its present form. Mr. BOUCAUT said there was a good deal in what was said by the Chief Secretary, but the statements made by Mr. Duncan and Mr. Rees had a great deal of weight. They all knew that in matters of this sort great pressure was brought to bear upon the Government to introduce schemes that they did not think necessary, having regard to the general interests of the colony, and the Houseshould take that iuto consideration. He wished to call hon members' attention to a letter which he bad received from a resident of Wal laroo. On the previous debate he made some remarks rather adverse to the scheme, and a gentleman had written to him stating that he was very glad some members took such a view. He showed that while Wallaroo and Kadina had pro tected their tanks the people of Moonta had neg ected theirs, and the woodwork and ironwork had been stolen, and they immediately called upon the Government to make fresh tanks. The scheme of the Government was not mature, and the argu ment of the Chief Secretary that the Government could not be expected to take so much care of small works like those proposed as they would of larger operations, joined to the fact that the old tanks bad been allowed to fall into disrepair, should lead to the conclusion that tbis was a scheme that should not be carried out. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE read an extract from tbe lorA.es Peninsula Advertiser, dwelling upon the evils resulting from the late scarcity of water, in order, he said, to convince tbe House that this was one of those cases of 'desperate disease' that should be relieved. It would be unjust,impolitic,and wrong not to take eome action to relieve the popu lation by some means. It would be very foolish to go m for a comprehensive scheme now, as it could not be carried out for about two years, and in the meantime the people would be suifering. Mr. LINDSAY said if this was a case of emer gency, how had the people got on during the last 12 years? He was much impressed with the scheme proposed in IStia as set forth in Paper 92. The advantage of this scheme was that it admitted of almost indefinite extension. The wisest thing possible would be to go in for this scheme, and if it cost £40,000 or £50.C00 it would be better than a makeshift scheme. If the works were pushed for ward they might be ready as soon as the more limited ones. Mr. REES said the people in Moonta had, remembering the experience of last season, built tanks in all directions, and even if the £6,000 were spent on the tanks proposed it would be impossible to Bupply the wants of next season with this winter's rains. The silicate in the neighbourhood would absorb quite a third of the water, and the tanks even finished would not be filled to more than a quarter of their capacity. An ordinary man would rather use the dirty water he had been accustomed to drink than go to a distance to buy water, for every sixpence was of importance to the poor people on the Peninsula. He had not in tended any discourtesy to Mr. Rogers, the Govern ment Engineer. He was there as a represen tative of the people, and his presence had nothing to do with his profession. Some of the tanks at Moonta were now running over, and even during the drought Captain Hancock had publicly stated in the Yorke's Penin sula Advertiser that he had an unlimited supply of distilled water, which could be used by the miners. The scheme required was one like that creditable one which had been carried out in refe rence to Adelaide some years ago, and had proved so profitable. Works causing an expenditure even of £100,000 would in a few years be none too much, and would prove remunerative. Mr. BUGHES-Were the people to wait till a scheme wss matured at a cost of £100,000? While the Adelaide Waterworks were being constructed Adelaide could fall back upon the Torrens; but the people of Yorke's Peninsula had nothing to fall back upon. The arguments that even if the tanks were built they would not be ready in time, and that if ready they could not be filled, were such as Ehould not be brought before the House. Mr. Bees said that people would not buy the water from tbe tanks, but even under his comprehensive scheme the water would have to be purchased. What tbe House bad to consider was tbe necessity of a reservoir -which could be used to save life when water was required. The essence of the scheme which bad been proposed some years ago was that each township should have its own revenue. He trusted tbe House would vote thi3 as an emer gency matter, and before a comprehensive scheme could be carried out give the people some means of safety in the event of a drought in the etuuing summer. Mr. SMITH was sorry the debate had been so prolonged. Almost every argument used that night was a repetition of what had been said before. It was no ute to thrust upon the people of Moonta more than they wanted. He believed £6,000 would meet the wants of the township for many years to come, and he believed with other speakers that it would not be long before every house in Moonta had a tank of its own, and they would not go to the Government reservoir when they could get a good supply of pure water on their own premises. He supported Mr. Stow's amend ment, and hoped it would not be attempted to force on additional taxation. Mr. ANGAS proposed, as an addition, 'pro- vided the cost does not exceed £2,000.' On refe rence to the plan be found that the locality only commanded a surface area of 100 acres. It was an absurdity to construct tanks at such an expenditure as the Government proposed to store water frojn. other ground, where all kinds of impurities might be collected. He believed one tanV costing £1,000 might be constructed to hold as much as two tanks costing £1,500, and they would hold all the water that could be collected on the land over which the Government had control, while such a provision wonld meet the present requirements of the town. He had consulted the members for tbe district, and he believed both were prepared to support the amendment he proposed. (Mr. Hughes—*' No.') : Mr. Stow's amendment was carried. On Mr. Angas's amendment being put, the Ayes were declared to have it Mr. S JIITH called for a division :- Ates, 7— Messrs. Boothby, Boucaut Duncan, Lake, Lindsay, Rees, and Angas (teller). Noes, 11-The Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public WorkB. Messrs. Myles, Pearce, Kamsay, Smith, Stow, Wefit-Erskine, and Hughes (teller). Majority of 4 for the Noes. Tbe motion as amended was put, and declared carried. The House resumed, and on tbe motion that the report be adopted, Mr. LAKE moved an amendment to strike out all the words after 'that' and insert words re ferring the matter to a Select Committee. Some hon. members said, 'Don't make tanks, because they won't be finished,' and others said, 'Don't make them, because they would not be filled.' He said, 'don't make them,' because if they were made and filled this winter they would be spoilt acd the water would be lost. Therefore they would not meet the emergency, which was the only argument in support of the scheme. One tank only half a mile from the position where these four tanks were proposed could be constructed which would hold as much water as the four for at most £2,000. Therefore he proposed that the matter be enquired into thoroughly. The Chief Secretary made some believe that the larger scheme would be gone into eventually whether thiB was done or not Then, why spend £17,000, for they knew the Wallaroo and Kadina people would also make similar demands? Mr. DUNCAN moved the adjournment of the debate, which was declared negatived. Mr. DUNCAN called for a division :- Ates, 7— Messrs. Angas, Boothby, Boucaut, Lake. Lindsay. Eees, and Duncan (teller). Noes, 11— The Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Hughe?, Myles, Pearce, Kamsay, Smith, Stow, West- Erskine, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 4 for the Noes. Mr. RAMSAY said when the matter was first before the House he felt very much inclined to vote against the motion and support a comprehen sive scheme, but as the people were in favour of what the Government proposed he should vote with them; and he wished the people to know that in case of that being carried out be should not be prepared to support a large vote for a comprehen sive scheme for some considerable time. Mr. BOUCAUT asked tbe Government to be exceedingly careful in what expenditure they allowed, and asked Mr. Lake to withdraw his ameadiunt, Mr. BEES had straggled against the scheme, but seeing they were beaten he hoped the amend ment would be withdrawn. , . Mr. PEARCE felt inclined to vote for the amend ment rather than anything which had been sub mitted, fie asked the Government to take care that the expenditure was not wasted. He thought the Moonta Corporation should be expected to preserve the works after they were buUt Mr. LAKE, with leave, withdrew the amend ment . .. . ., Mr. DUNCAN expressed his surprise that the Government should make a majority to force on a decision in this matter in a thin House. RAILWAY ROLLING-STOCK. Mr. LINDSAY moved ' That a return be laid on the table of this House showing— 1. The number of goods wagons ordered from England for the new 3 ft 6 in. gauge railways, and the weight, carrying capacity, aud cost (actual or estimated) of each. 2. Number, cost (actual or estimated), weight, and carrying capacity of pas Benger carriages (if any). 3. Number, cost, and weight of locomotives. 4. Gross weight of train each locomotive is estimated to be capable of drawing from Port Wakefield to Kadina.' Carried. PORT DARWIN TELEGRAPH. Mr. BOUCAUT moved 'That there be laid on the table of this House copies of all papers retatiug to the alleged state ments made by Mr. Paterson, in Brisbane and elsewhere, adverse to the stability of the Port Darwin Telegraph line.' Carried. PAPERS. The following papers were laid on the table :— By the Chief Secbet^rt. Return in reference to present and proposed salaries of civil servants. By the Commissioner of Public Works. Return in reference to rolling stock employed on 3 feet 6' inch lines. House adjourned at 10 o'clock till next day at p.m. PAIRS, Port Wakefield and Kadina Railway Schedule Loan Bill— For, Mr. Bundey ; against, Mr. Mort lock. Moonta Water Supply— For motion, Mr. Simms; against, Mr. Carr. 