GLADSTONE. Monday. Tho "R.Af.S.S, Tons Morion, arrived in Fort Ourtis-tliis morning exnot'to her oontrnot tinio, bringing (lie first inward mails -via Siugnpore. Tho Gliulstouo and Rookhniuptoh "portion woro both landed, but tho mnilinan had started overland boforo tlioy had arrived, but had to return as tlm roads nra vorv bud nnd-. nil tho oreuks up. . Tho Mary is ordered to tnko tho mails from Gladstone to tlio R.M.SiS; Ffiiifs/iirtyduc'liero on Thursday next, Tito Balclutha reports having spoken the Boomerang bound South, and slates that the Lord Ashley had roaohod Tbwnsvilie in safety, .'njthougli sho encouutcrcd the full fury of the oyelono last Thursday wepk : h jr docks woro : entirely swept, foro and aft, and she wnsdis .masted. A Crusher — Mr. Boyco, hoot and bIioo , makor, of Enst-stroot, litis " stopped his paper " on account of eur commenting upon his pre sumption in opposing Aldormnn Schmidt for the Fitzroy AVard, nnd ordered us " to crnsoliis namo from tlio list of our suhsori- hers." Tlio Northern ArOus will apponr ns ; usual, Nomination ion Alderman. — Tho diffo'ront candidates for nomination tp-duy for , tho Fitzroy AVard — Mossra Schmidt . and Boyco ; for Arolior AVard, Mr. Maofnrlano ; and for tlio Loioliliardt -AVard, Meters. Nobba ond" Smith. AVo havo already oxprossod onr viows upon tlio claims of tho two first oondldatos, oiid endeavoured ..to point' out to the" 'ratopayors tlio foot that Mr. Boyco; who is wholly inexperienced in Municipal mutters and a stranger to tho town, is hardly, a fit man to contost tho ward with an old Alderman liko Mr. Schmidt, who is a lioldor of considorublo propierty in Rook-, hainptou, ' lias grown with tho pliioo, and becoiud idontified with its prospority. 'If - Mr. Boyco is a bettot man . than Mr. Solimidt ho ought to ho olootod, hut it 'is only fair to ask ; tlio. question — is liobotcrj mid. in what? Has ho "any stnko in tho tp'wn, or tho samo status as an independent tradesman, or is ho as woll iind ; payMfS-\vfll undoubtedly' aiq'oinbtho bestL and ivliioh the host mania, tlioraoah ho Jo doubt. Iu fact,1 Mr. Boyoo has. nothing hut liis requi sition to rooommend ;hini, aud tho ratepayers cannot possibly have auy coiilidonee in a man they know nothing about. Mr. Boyco is 'a tradesman of somo six months' standing m tno town, -anti Jilr. Solirault ono of II years, during wliioh time he hns been moro or less connected with Municipal nuittors, nnd lias alwhys. beon found to bo conscientious aud nssidtiouB in l)is duties, and deservedly respected by tho ratepayers, who will no doubt object" to elect. n' strnncor who has nothing to recom mend him in tho plneo of their old and true servant. The uominntiou for tho Loiohhardt AVard lies botwoon Messrs. Nobbs and Smith, nnd wo imagine the support will bo pretty equal on eithor sido. Mr. Nobbs was no laggard while in the- Council, and' most oner- gotio and pushing on tlio works,- as woll as in- depohdont in his opinion nnd intelligent in his views. Tho appearance of Mr. A. AV. S. binitli in tho fi'old will, however, oonsidorably militnto against his ohiuioo of being returned, as that gentleman lias been reluctantly in duced to oorao, forward by a very influential body of ratepayers who are bent upon return ing ihim.v. The high estimation in whioh Mr. Smith is hold by allolassoB in the AVard as well as out of it is likely to toll strongly in his favor, and Mr. Nobbs will have to bestir'liiraself and look to his laurels. Mr. Mnofiirlnne is unop- posod, and will np doubt prove the right man in, the right place. The "Southern. Belle."— This : direct vessol' whioh sailed from London on 12th No- ' vembor, with immigrants and otirgo for itook- hampton, lins on board the following goods : woolpaoks, No.' -1000; ooincnt, 40 tons ; agri cultural ' implements, £125; hardware and ironmongery, £125 ; oihnens stores arid pro visions, £275; oheoBe, 5 oiyt. ; fruits and spices, £34; ohomioals, £55 ; drags, £18. A' Matter of Faoi.— Tho Printer's Register statos as 'a mattor of fnot, amongst otliur facts relative to tlio importation of now steam presses irito Australia; that Messrs. Fairfax and Sons, of tho Sydney Morning Herald Will" bo tho first in Australia to use tho Hoe AVob Maoliine. Many months, howovor, must olapso hoforo it will' ho at work in Sydnoy. Tho maoliino in question lias boon at work iu Sydnoy for upwards of fivo yoors.' AVo inBpootod it oursolvos somo four yours sinoo, and it had thon boon at work ovor twolvo moritlis.— ED. N. A. The Torres Straits . Mail.— AVo would re mind our roadors tlmt tho English mail by tho R.M.. Flintshire closes at tlio Post-offieo to morrow (Wodnesday) for convoyanooj to Port unrtis by tlio Mary, and on roferonoo to tho mail notico, as published in to- day's issue,, full particulars can hp ascertained as to regLstorcd and ordinary letters. Mr. Moller, — Dr. Harricks, who was cm- ployed by tho GoVornmont to mako a post mortem examination of tho body of. Mr. Carl Mollor— rumours having boon oiroulnted to tlio effcot that tho unfortunate man hud mot his death by poison— has brought into town tho viscera for tlio purpose of, nnalisution, and wo understand that in a fow days a coinploto inves tigation will bo made into tlio osuso of doath. Aliumbra Musio Aall. — -AVo notice tlwt Oris musio linll — welLltnowni in former times lis tli0 Soandinavian — is to ho opouod to-morrow ovoning under tlio auspices of Mr. and Mi-h. Fred AVilton assisted by a liost of talont, and from tho long dearth of anything liko amuse ment in tho town, wo hntioipate tho company will havo a fair run. The Mails, — Yesterday Mr. Poterson ro- ceivod intimation that nono of the country mails had arrived at AVcstwood with tlio ox- eeptfon of tlioso from Guinford and Rolloston, owing to tho vory bad stato of the roads. Tho Tom Morion, lt.M.S., w.liioh brought tho first direct Singapore homo mails, roaohod Glad stone yesterday morning to hor eoutract tinio, - but owing to tho Mary being ongngod iu otlior work, Oaptnin Rundlo could not spare her to go to Glndstono to bring our mails; liadhuseilt liar ou Sunday sbo oould liavo boon baolt iu 'timo to-morrow to onnblc us to answer corres pondence by tho Flintshire on AVednesday. Mr. Potorson will accompany tho mails in the Mary to-uiorrow, and aftor shipping thorn on buarii tho Flintshire will prooecd to Gladstone arid do the same for tho mails from that town. So the rainpngaousnoss of tho Gladstoniuns nt thoir trontmout when tho Mary visited tho Snnfoo hqs, wo see, lmd some substantial effect with Mr.' Goorgo Thorn, tho now Post master-General. The Gaol.— During tho Into lioavy woather tlio walls' of tho Rookhaiuptan Gaol have, wo hear, received considerable dumago, and aro obligod to ho supported by props. Surely it 1b quite tune that wo lind a now gaol, else somo of thoso 'fiuo nightB wp shall hour of all tho " birds " having floivn. . National Bank — This colonial ostablishiuont is, wo' Bop, . spreading its hranohos north, south, oast, and west of tlio' oolony, and ffosh ones aro eoritiiiually hoiug opouod, tlio hitost that at Roma, whoro wo should think there is a fino flold for oporations.- Hospital Meeting. — Yesterday a meeting of tho Committoo was iiold nt tho Court-houso. l'rosont: .The Prosidont, Vice- President, Secre tary, Surgeon, aud Messrs. Pattison, Livcrmoro, Sliaw, Dibdit, and Sandol. Aftor tho minutos had boon road nnd confirmed the President Btutod that it was with groat regret that ho informed tho Committoo since their last meeting, both auditors had diod. Tlio then Secretary applied to liiu on tho subjcot rind asicou wiioiuor mo services oi iUcssrs.xiiDuinanu Shaw, who had offered thoir services should bo accepted. Ho instructed liirn to do no ; and was perfectly satisfied with thoir audit, aud nskod tho Bnnotion .of the Committoo to his notiou. Mr. Hall moved that the President's action bo confirmed. Mr. Livermoro seconded it, nud would like to ndd that tho Cotnmitteo wero gratofulto Messrs.. Dibdln and Shaw for stopping in and undertaking tho dutios of tho deceased auditors. Carried. Mr. Livormoro alluded to the lottcr from the Secretary of tho Bouevolout Society asking for spoody payment of £100 to -enable tlioir Secretary to pay tho accounts. Tlio Prosidont thought tlio money should bo handed - ovor. The .Treasurer in formed, tho Committoo that the balauoo iu their banker's bauds was £598 Is. 4d., and tho aooounis owing ' to dato aud passed wero £220 10s„ . leaving a balaneo of -£377 ' Gs. 4d. Mr. .Pattison stntod .that ho and Mr. Dibdiu had niudo a personal oanvass of the town and had colloctod about £250. ' Mr. Hall riiovod that tlio oeoouuts as jiassed bo. paid amounting to .£220 Ifis. Mr. Dibdiu sooondod it. Oarriod. Tho Scorotary . stated he had received a lettqr from a Moses Ayard,' of Brisbane, asking to supply tho Hospital with motlieincs, and was instructed to ausworliim to tho effect that tho Committeecon- traabid/nrsjieh. The Sccrotarv rpqd a letter wr. m. Loigh, resigning ms position ns a mom- borof Committee ; and also road two letters from tho Benevolent Socioty, ono asking for the £100 duo to them, and tho other asking for its immodiato payment. Mr. Dibdiu would liko somo information from tho Prosidont ' respecting this money which was alleged by the Bouevolout Socioty to be duo them. Tlio President stated that in the first- plnoc tlioro was a qorlaiu amount gruutoil by tho Govern ment ns a Pauper Fund, which was linudod to Mr. AVisoinnn to disburse, and that gcntlemau thought it a good plan to band it to tho Committoo of tho Hospital, Binoo thon tho Government had continued to give it to them as a Pauper fund, nud tho Cominittoe had sinoe the establishment of tho Benovolcnt Society -linndod it to tho Indies to disburse, so long as tho -hospital oould do without it. Mr. Pattison considered it was high time this bono of contention, tho Pauper Fund, was donlt with in a decisive manner, as it was a sore point amongst tho town ns to whothor tlio Ladies' Bonovolent Society did not onoourago pauper ism. If tho money was given to the Society, thoy Bhould tnke in hand all tho pnupors nud not liavo any half- mensuros. ns he know for a fnot that the Hospital was supporting paupers that should be kopt by tho Benovolont Society. Mr. LiVormoro said that tho objoets of tho Ladies' Sooiety wore to relieve paupers unable to earn thoir own livings, anil assist woman with chil dren whose husbnnds wero dead or had de serted them. The da'dies visited all tlio oases that oamo before tliom, but sometimes woro tnkon in ; but to sny tbc Sooiety ouoouragod paupers, ho thought wns rather hard. (Mr. Pnttison: Hoar, .hear.) Tlio Prosidont said the ladies deservod groat credit for what thoy did, but nt the samo timo it must be sottlcd by the Government to whom the money must go ; it either belonged to the Hospital, or must bo 'paid over trf the Sooiety at onco ; and it was a question iu 'his mind whother tlio way tho funds worq disbursed was not nn erioourugomont tp pauperism, und he should liko to have tho matter sotllod. Mr. Hall would put the mattor to an issue by proposing " That tho Sooretnry pny'to tho Ladios Bonovolent Sooiety £200 of the amount now duo by usage, and tho balauoo so soon as tho funds of tho Hospital will pormit. That all grants of moucy reooivod by this Coramitteo from tho Government, he ex. ponded only under tlio supervision of the Com mittoo through its officers." Mr. Dibtlin seconded tho motion, romarking that for somo timo past tho Sooioty had held put a premium for pauperism.' Mr. Livcr moro remsrkod that ho thought it wns bad taste of Mr. Dibdiu to abttso tho ladies of tlio Benevolent Society, who worked with Buoli . zeal in tho oauep of phnrity. Mr. Dibdiu appealed to tlio President as to whctlior ho had mndo any abusive remarks. Tho Prosidont roplioil ho linil not— on tho con trary. tho ladies deserved ovory oredit for thoir work. Mr. Livormoro moved as an amondment " That tho sum of £200 out of tlio £400 recoived oil aecount of tho Paupor Fund ho paid to tho Bonovolent Socioty at onco, and £200 ns soon 'as tho ftindH pormit, say in throo months. Mr. Sandol soooiuled tho amendment, whioh was put nnd lost on tho casting vote of the l Chairman, tho 'original motion boing oarriod. Tho Presi dent remarked thnt that decided the question for tlio future, and ho should writo to tho Govonimont to say that nny lnonoy voted for tlio Hospital should bo sent direct to tho Com mittee, and nny paupor grant to tho Benevolent Sooiety. Tho Committee thou rose, after arranging for tho nununl meeting to .ho hold.on Monday next. Northern District Court. — Mr. Charlos Sydnoy Dlok Molbonrno hns, wo loitrn boon appointed Crown Prosboutor of tho Northorn District Court vice Handy, doconsod. Iu tlio fneo of tlioir not being a barrister to tako tho position, wo think tlio appointmont a most oxoollont ono, as Mr. Melbourne's thorough knowlcdgo of criminal pruotico woll qualifies him for that responsible position. Tlio nu-.v Crown Prosecutor lias long boon entrusted by our various Governments witli tho preliminary con duct of all lioavy criminal cases, and tlio im portant part Mr. Moibourno took in tho Gritlla, Archibald, AVilliums. and Palmar trn godios — as chiefly by liis conduut of tho oaso tlios o uriniinals wore Drought to tlio gallows — u us limy justifiod tho Govonimont iu thoir solention of this gontloman for'tho ollioo. Police. — Yostorday a Danish woman linmod Maria Christian wasoliargod with stouling a £1 note, ono Hovoroign, and a ponknifo, from ono John Matorzin, a German rosidont near tho old dopot. Tho ovidonoo offorod for tho pro secution raised a doubt as to tho woman boing the thiot', aud Mr- Mncarthur' gave hor tho bonofit of it and discharged hor. Harry Hanloy, nn ox-dotcctivo, was roiniuidodfor thvco dnvs ou a ohnriro of sloalliijr £12 from a man named MoConuoll. Railway A\fmoHDRinaE.— In' this morning's issuo wo notico that the Railway uutlforitics liavo takon a stop iu tho tight dirootion, and. intond constructing a woiglibridgo at tho terminus— a want wliioh lias boon oxporioucod for somo timo past. The AVkather, — Sinco our last issuo tlio weathor lias oontinuod vory boisterous und squally. Tlio rivor has risen vory considerably, and givos little sign of its falling. Outsido it is vory windy,- and when wo wont to press there was what a sailor terms a " mnokorel sky," whioh is' reoogiiisod by salts as tho precursor of strong winds. Tub "Lord Ashley.'— Daring tho last ton days oonsidorablo anxiety has boon folt for tlio . safety of tho Lord Ashley Htenmor, which -left Rookhampton on Tuesday wook for the En- dorivour River, with about 250 souls ou bonrd nnd 27 horsoa. Owing to detention in the river that night sho did not oioar the rivor until '.the following ovoning (Woduosdny) at midnight on which day tho galo commenced , nuii must have folt its full fury, , judging from the reports which have sinoe reached us. Tho local agouts, Messrs. R. M. Hunter and Co.'s. offices have, sinco Thursday week, beon daily bosieged by anxious enquirers us tq tl(o fatoof tho Lord Ashley, but owing to tho northorn linos being down n o tolographio communication wns to bo hndbo- yond Marlborough. As soon, howovor, as Cap- tainHtiutor wasawaro that thoR.M.S. Tom Mor ton from Singapore was duo in Port Cnrtis yes- torday morning, ho at onco wired Mr. Honry Friond, thoGladstoiioagont of tho Ashley to know if tho onptain of. tho mail steamer had soon or. heard anything of the vessel, nnd reooivod in formation to the following offoct That the Balelulha whioh had. urrivoil in Glndstono from Rookhampton reported speaking the Boomerhng, and Captain Edtnondson stntod, that the Lord Ashley find arrived in Townsville dismasted and quite a wreck, and that hor crew wero all looked up .for refusing duty, and tlio whole of hor horses overboard. A passougor by tho Balclutha tolograpliing from Maryborough to Messrs. R. M. Huntor and Co. statos, that th'o Lord y i.-A i .1 1 mntintod in the galo. The horsoa woro all lost, and tlio soum'on, on arriving at Townsvillo, refused to prooood any further in hor. Tho information ho lmd gloauod was from tho oflioors of tho Boomerang who had boon at tho wreak. Noumea and Gladstone. — Inn late issue" we called attention to tho necossitv of thn Rookhamptop Chamber of Comraoreo taking stops to propuro cable communication between Glndstono ond New Caledonia, tho matter being one of vital importance to us. The M. Chronicle in spooking ou tho samo subject says: — Tho Northern Argus justly calls atten tion to tho expodienoy of establishing tele graphic oomraqnioation botween Glndstono and Noumea, Now Caledonia. Independently of the commercial nilvantagos whioh mustnecruo to both places from suoh a moasuro, tlioro nro oonsidorntioiis of n graver character which ren der it desirable that tho various Australian, Governments should bo in a position to com municate iiistantnnoousiy with tho Fronoh authorities of Noumea. Tlioro is Ovory reason to suppose that the French convicts riot only oan, but do, esoape to Australia, and although tho majority of thojn may bo very ostimablo people, whose solo crime hns beon politcnl utopianism, nnd to whom, therefore, wo would ' bo vory glad to offor nn asylum, uovortholess tuciu >a ouiv tu wu <» uut tutu wuu U1 really' desperate characters, who would-be any thing but dosiratilo acquisitions to those colonies. Aud sinoe the worst characters would nlso, in all probability, bo the most daring, it is highly nesirnblo that onr polioo should have the moans of inquiring into the antecedents of nny suspicions arrivals from that point. The nearest point of Australian land to Noumea is Sandy Capo, aud we aro not sure that this would not be found the most advantageous starting Doint for a oable, as it would be loss liable todisturbanoo from vossels anchoring m tlio vicinity tlmn in the more froquuutcd waters around Gladstone. The length of aablo required from Noumoa to Snndy Caps would be from 700 to 750 miles, and to Gliulstouo somothiug ovor 100 milos addi tional.". ' . " . Teleoraph to the Palmer and Endea. vor. — In a late issuo wo reported ' in our Telo- graphio coluiuus; that a deputation of tho Brisbane Chamber of Cammoroo had waited on tho Postmaster Gonoral, urging on- him tho necessity for oxtonding the tolograph wiros to the Palmer and tho Endeavor Rivor ; wo now publish from the Courier the rosujt of tho deputation : — " A deputation from the Chumbor of Commerce, consisting of Messrs. Stowurt, M.L.A., Quinlnn, AVartlo, aud Turner, waited upon tlio Hon. tho Postinastur-Gonoral yostorday aftornoon, to point out tho advis ability of oxtonding the tolcgraph lino to tlio Endoavor' Rivor. Mr. Stewart said that thoro was likely to bo a vory largo population Rottlod vory soon, both at tlio Palmer and Endoavor Rivore, nnd in his opinion, if tho tolograph was to he oxtended tlioro at all, it ought to bo douo as spoeilily as possible! Tliero was no doubt " AVHl-i 04hu1 UCUUIUU a plnoo of importaneo, and there was at presout great difficulty in regulating supplies. Mr. Thorn Baicl thnt ho had tho subject in contem plation, and intended to bring it hoforo liis colleagues. Ho not only thought that tho tolograph lino should ho oxtouded to tlio Endoavor Rivor, hut also to Polmorstou; which howovor, ho hoped would roooivo anothor name, as tliero was nlrcady ono Pahnorston in tho Northern Tomtory. The 'best modo of carrying out tho project, in liis opinion, would ho to bring tho wires from Junction Crcolr whoro thoro wns_ already n station, to tlio Palmer Rivor, a distanco of nbout 160 miles, and from tlionco to t-ho Endoavor Rivor 1-M) miles, mukiug a total length of 2'BO miles. Allowing for tho increased cost of labor and material, tho line would cost ubout £60 por imlo whioh would cost nbout £15,000. Ho was sorry that so muoh delay had already takon pliioo in tho oxteuHiou of the telegraph linos all over tlio colony, hut it arose principally, lio behoved, from thn difficulty of proouring mon and material. Tho prcsont Govonimont would uso their best endeavors to push on tlioso works vigorously. With regard to tlio 'f\ extension mentioned by tlio deputation, ho ra would bring tho matter boforo his eollotiguos re tlio noxt day. Tho doputation thon thanked li tho lion, gentleman anil withdrew." ' 'M A Victorian Millionaire. — Big Olarko, thu vil Victorian Rothschild, lias gone tlio way of all :'a flosli, anil has loft behind him wealth to tho . 'ffl value of £1,000,000 sterling. To liis throo sonH w ho has loft £1,000,030 oaoh by donrl of gift, and a his prolmto duty nniountoil to £80,000. Tho 8 S. M. Herald in alluding to tluqoourronco 'fj says: — "The groat landholder, v JY. J. T. -| Clarke, died ut Essondon, on Tusi.j jIliiRt, in j tho sovonty-tliird -year of his age. Ho was ' tho son of a fhimorsotshiro farmer, aud came ij out to TaHmiuii-i many yours ago. Ho there j| guvo oviuoneo ot Ins wonuertut onorgy and H thriftinoss, and hoou acquired oonsidorablo w iaudod property in tho island. In 1835 ho ifj mndo his first purchase of stution property in ' Yi Now South AVides, but not liking tlio ojimato fl| lio rotiirnoil to Tasmania, and was ono of tho . In early settlors iu tlio . neighborhood of Gcoiong sfj liftor tho first attempt to colonize Viotoria. >; From that timo to tlio present lio has boon ox- j|i tending his possessions, und diod tlio owner of jw estates far oxccoiliiig a Gorman principality in Ip extent. In addition to his vast torriterioi iu Victoria anil liis town properties, ho owned K, about 60,900 noros in Tasmania, 70,000 in in; South Australia, 60,000 in Now Zoalaud, and two or tnrco proportios m new aoutli \V' los, ffi: Ho also ownod 16,000 shnros in the ColtUiinj , ii . Bank, boaiilos largo numbers of shares iu other P hanks and xiuhlic companies. His flocks and jgt herds, must liavo boon enormous, and tho gonoral rumour is that ho diod worth four S millions sterling. Ho loaves threo sorb." i DeArNess of Meat. — Sorious eomplaiuta | havo roaohod, us of lato froni housowiros and : Lends of familios complaining of the rise iu moat by tlio bntohcrs, and stuting thnt had it, \ improved nB muoh iu quality lis it lias risen . in price, tliny would not linvo tnueh to grumble at, but it has not ; on the contrary, the quality of tho moat now is nothing as good as it was whou a less price was paid for it. The follow ing paragraph whioh appdars in a contempor ary, offers a suggestion by which the evil may bo rcmodiod : — " Moat hns gouo up in Clermont ' and Coppcriield to 4£d and Cd per lb. As tho i rise lias occurred simultaneously with tho ! establishment of somothiug liko n monopoly ' in the butclioriug trado, Bhnrp cyos soe a con- 1 ; ncction between tho two, mid a co-operative company is talked of. This is an old story. j Sa'vorui times liavo confiding butohera como . into tho town, at the instigation of the in- j . habitants, to bronk up the monopoly and ' < lowor the price ; ond every timo havo they been sold. Tlioy gut a spiondid custom for a i f mouth or so, and then find all thoir ohiof customers havo entered into six month's con- I tract with tho ''old man." They retire in -j disgust, and up goes the price of meat ngaiu. t i< Wo strongly advise dissatisfied poi-sops to form j a co- oporativo company, as nil who join will 4 be obliged to stick to it, and thoy will bo able || to supply thomsolvos with moat at its actual < oost. | -i'tiie Endeavour Riveb Rush. — Thoso new ; diggings aro attracting so large a number of - minors from tho southern ports of Queensland that the A.S.N. Co. have beon oomuollcd to plneo extra boats in tho trade. Tho Boomerang Florence Irving, and Leichhardt havo been al ready dispatched, and tha Wenlivorth is to loavo next week. Tho miners of this colony are aoting wisely in waiting to' know something definite ns to the prospeots of 'the Endeavour mines. , ' i 