THE HIGH PRICE OF MEAT. VO THE EDITOB. Sir—The reference in your columns of this week to the importation of beef from the adjoining colony' carries with it," to my mind, something very significant, the'more particularly at the-present juncture of time, when two very important questions are being discussed by the country and the Legislature, viz., the question of - free immigration and the revision of the land laws. If our admitted millions of square miles of country and the very large are is held under pasterar leases will only supply animal food to so limited a population as 200,000 -persons"at suoh 4 piieethat the'Victoriaaato&k-; .<—— wad themselves of our market, then, in my humvu opinion, one of two things must be .established Jact—eiUier. ikit - the country "is a place undesirable to recommend persons to emigrate to by reason of the unproductiveness of the soil, or else that very sweeping alterations in reference to .the dealing with the Crown lands are imperative^ While the Government agent in England is,: I presume, pointing to South Australia as a lmd flowing with beef and mutton, your news-note records the fact , that the beef is supplied by steamer from Melbourne to the inhabitants of Adelaide; while settlers in the bush, at a distance of 800 to 400 miles from Adelaide, in the heart of extensive pastoral country, have to pay 4d. to 5a. per lb. for mutton, and 6d. to 7d. for beef. This state of affairs not arising from untoward circumstances as drought or disease among the cattle, but irom the ample fact that existing laws allow of and support a monopoly of the land by lessees of the Crown, and entirely discountenance and prohibit cultivation fair pastoral purposes. In reference to the removal of the restriction as to dealing with land north of the rainfall line, it has been argued that attempts at wheatgrowing would end in certain ruin; but why, t would ask, should wheat be referred te as the only product aimed at in cultivating the soil? Why not afford facilities for cultivating for thp production of wool, beef, and mutton? In onp of your leading articles a week or two since £ noticed some remarks decidedly pertinent to the subject, suggesting areas of say from two to ten miles to be used as agricultural in connection _ with -pastoral farms. Were such farms obtainable as freeholds, a vast field would be opened up for_ the employment of labour, a rapid increase in the production of wool an<| the numbers of sheep, cattle, and horses would take place, and Adelaide and the outside locali. ties would be enabled to feed on meat of the production of our own colony at moderate instead of exorbitant prices. Apologizing for i the' trespass on" your space, I am Sir, &c.;, CONSUMER. MS. AND MBS. CASE'S FNTEBT^iNMEMi.—• There was a large audience at White's Roomi on Thursday evening, June 18, to greet theZq favourites in_their new programme. "The Man in Posseaaon'.'.ia of course similar in character tethS other sketches of the Grace S^erton repertoire/ its charm lying in the many odd people it introduces. At the onset Mr. Cate presents himcelf in the very critical state of love through which most aspirants for "the fair" have to pass. The lady, however, objects to theperpetual espionage; to whioh she is subjected, and plainly tells thef swain that his room would be preferable to hisf company. The unfortunate gentleman, startled' at the. development of so decisive a policy," determines not to leave the hou~e of his enslaver,' where &e;_i8-a visitor, and he puts into practice! the bold idea of disguising himself as a bailiff,- as the only r61e by which he can escape , sum-i mary ejectment. The " Man in Possession" th^sr appears on the scene, The lady, however, at; once detects her adorer, and decides on pursuirig; a "diamond- cut-diamond" revenge. Then follow f a number af capital impersonations folly equal s to anything Mrs. Case has yet givenin Adelaide.! The first is : Lord Dunderhead, a - nobleman j the time Dundreary stamp. Next : comes Miss - Judith Clinch, ]' a personage t who believes tliat woman has rights; and! then Miss Darley Dashwood, a spirited young! lady of decided " tally ho, hark away " propan-f sities. This is one of Grace Egerton's most} natural and attractive representations. Sally > Scuttles, -the ..gushing maid of'all work," ist followed by the final character of the sketch, I Mrs. Zlottlehead,. an unhappy, woman. whose' dread of grey bAirt has induced tier to resort to f, "invigorators" and "restorers." Thft denout- s imxI is of conne the usual happy one -of muhial [ explanations and geueral felicity. As a whole t " The M^JI in • Pos etsion " furnishes a pleasant' hour's recreation. _ Of course the piece has. in it number of good songs. The second part of 1 She programme was miscellaneous, comprising | reproductions^ several of Mrs. Case's already popular. oddities. Aa jisual Mr. Case, in addition to his citpitally-saBtained repreeentation of the unfortunate^ victim of his wife's versatility, contributed delightful instrumental music, assisted by Mr. E. S. HalL Special ' mention should be made of DeBeribt's grand concerto (violin), with piano acoompaniment, which was a real treat. , /Hrursday'B programme will be repeated for the tiro remaining evenings of the week, and for Monday next another change of performance has been announced. . , .•( THE THEATBE.—We ar« ^eased ito-^ble report a capital house al; the Royal pn Thuireday evening. There waa a good attendance in all parte, including. His Excellency "the Governor and state. "The dress circle especially was better filled than it has been for some "time. It is gratifying, to perceive that the public have at length, though-, late, awakened to the fact that there ia^ ^omejtog ^wojth witnessing in the Shakspenan revival ^.t t|us place of amusement. Mr. Fairclongh appaajred for : the last time as Iago in the tragedy' "OttfeHb/'^nd, as on tbe former tf&Msioti;<of Ma pflaying, it won the ufuntsaL^aobsiicm' of j the audience. Miss, Bowling's Emilia we-have before said is hermoet 6tH3ces«&d;:.«^for^ and s£ffl&ahei;»39,;tii&t; I o^nies; She renderingwhat i»too of£romade' a«ubordiAate ptet wassonietirii^ to be reinem-.' bered. Mi-. Carey ea Othello was deserving of passion at times. Miss Ansted as Desdemona and Mr. Hoi owajf as Cassio were'diad ftoroughly dfoobva. It-should be borne in nriadthat this and to-morrow evenings will be the Uist occasions on" whichTMiss Bowring and, MrJ Fairclongh will perform —.loriiigM l as ^Macbeth - and JaAy Macbeth, and on Saturday-they make their final appearance as the'Danish Prince the Queen in:^Hamlet." - We sincerely hojie:they will be well patronised. ! : : d Ii^Veelt's ^^Salde mip. for flsttAdgtistif did not reach its destihationtill 14 hours bebirid its' prbper; tiniie, toil' the" COCJOAi^-TAYLOR BROTH£E8{the largest Mantrffecturers of; Cooba . inJBnrope) r havizig "the exclusive' supply of *titis | unrivalled Cocoa, invite oompariscm 4nth any ' other.-^Docoa' for ^mrity—find Atoma, Sanative, Nutritive, and Sustaining power; Easiness of Digestibci^ and eepbci^lfy high daicvFin ifiavodr, O^. ^bial- will estSfcblishi' a, &vouTit4i; b^y^M^for breakfast, lanphBoo,-aDd a'soothmg refreshment after a late evening;. N.Bi— Cauticn.—" MABATTT^,A" is a registered Trade jMark. . - f ' - ; - , . I MjfoMftlLLk COCOA,—The mobt jeays, "TAYLOR BEOTHEHS' Maravilla Cocoa has ^achieved a thorough'suOcfcs^ '«nd supersedes every other Coooa in the market. Entire sota,- 3®y,* «wlieate aroma, 1 and a rare oonoentre^ aon of tba purert elenierrts of riutritKm dutinruish tha Maravilla Qoooa, aJ»v6-aU other*. For nvaEdbi and dyBpeptias we oould not recommend i more agreeable or valoable beverage." For . urther favpurable wpinionp,. vide 'btendard. -MorrunqPott, Briiukllvfaal Journal,&c.;, &o;, ! HO MYOPATHIC COCOA^Thia n^nal preparation, which has attained such a rorid-wide reputation, ^ is manufactured by P'AIIOB ^SaojHKRSi—mider-the-ablest homwobathic advice, aided by the skill and experience pf tbe inventors, and Will b« found to combine in wi waii^ent degree -the purity, fine aroma, and liuwltioua property of the fresh nut. / I SOLUBLE GH0G0LATB. made in oss minute-without foiling. The above articles art prepared exclusively by TAYLOB BBOTHKBS,. the fargost manufacture!* in Europa, and sojd in.tin- |ned packets only by Storekeepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick-lane. London. Export Chicory Mill);, Bruges, Belgian;. ; l<»mwWTCl« 