Regula.ii mail communication is a matter of such extreme importance, especially to;' communitiesj lying somewhat' outside the main centre pf civilisation, that it cannot be too urgently ;sought 'for by those who; do not cnjoyj it.to the fullest extent -? It is' the pne means, by which the ill Affects: of' being at! a remote distance! from the centres of jcommerce, 'aie removed and. obtained, jondj'is the greatest saving botli of time and (money to all engaged in trade of any description. Hitherto, in Maokay, we havo Leen probably worse, served as far as mailj , communication is cohcerne'd than any town of similar or even less size and importance oh this'coast. 'Notj only have the intervals between the arrival and despatch of mails been long, but they have also jWn .in the highest degree, irregular. ' .phere -was no dependence to be placed on the time even o'n which they ought to arrive ; sometimes we were left for weeks jwithout a mail, and then again two or three would amvoiquito' unexpect edly in .quick ? succession. There seems, however, now to be a desire on the part of the Government 'to do us justice in this i matter, and if the contract for tho fort-l nightly mail- service between this'port and; that of Bnsbano is faithfully carried out,: we 6hall: bo able to reckon with! some; certainty) on when* our! letter- and papers: will arrivi ? It would be well, however,} to represent as strongly 'as possible to tbe; powers that.be, that' although.- the new mail service is satisfactory as far as it! goes, there] is yet one most important link; ?wanting in order to perfect it. ! j The con-! tract lately entered into . between the Government and the A.S.Ni: Company' does not provide for. the conveyance of mails further than to Flat-top Island, from ) which pkuJG also all outgoing mails are to bp takeiudff by passing steamers. . How, uMess some provision | is. immediately . made foc'suitable communication between the Islaiid! and Mackay, the benefit | which we shoujdf derive from this new arrange^ ment 'wilf.be greatly lessened. . Th'e.boat service of [this port, which has' performed ; the worjc| of conveyance of mail^ to and from Flat-top Island, is miserably, insuffi cient, and in: case of rough, weather we! might be left for some days without being] able to i'have the mails brought in to thej port, apdj in the case of outgoing mails J the boat would often be too late to catch the passing steamer.' As the- A.S.N. Co. are | ijbout ,to station a steam launch J at this I ]jort, representations should ;atj once be made in order to have . a : contract] with them for _the regular conveyance of] mails and passengers: between; Mackayj and Flajt-Mp; Island.' It is. a matter which!, would only require representing properly, in order | to be at once arranged satisfac-l torily, and the sooner .this is done, the better fpr every individual in* this district] The House has .been lately occupied in debatingja motion of Mr. Buzacott's, the member for Rockharapton, in which hp aska .thej Government to grant increased mail (communication between that place and tliej South. 'Were Mr. Buzacott eontcntfwith thus trying to obtain increa sed * facilities of communication for his own cohstituents[. we certainly should not find fault witli him Jor' doing so, but we consider] that- when he complained that the North was getting too ^favourably considered by the now northern man cop tract, fie -showed lack of appreciation of the vyants and importance of the northern 'districts |of Queensland. 'We have hither to becb] hardly considered j at all in this 'matter^ ] although . with . a considerable population, and with an export ; trade equal, |to, if not exceeding, that of any district in this colony in proportion] to tho population. Rockbarnpton, on tho con trary, Has. always enjoyed regular woekly communication -both with Sydney and 'Brisbane for years past, and wo do hot soo that: that portion of tho colony has any cause to complain on thiB particular! Bcbrp, whatever may bo their grievances on other matters) Wo are. glad- to see that tliu Colonial Sccrotary defended tho action bf. tho Govempiout in this matter, and ex pressed .it as their opinion that tho North was ontitlod to greater consideration thin had hiiherto been shown it We hope this may - bo taken as a sign -that the Government nro beginning more fully to realise Itlio. : importance of tho' North, and that for tho future.wo shall not be op We lmve so often been, left out altogether in the cold, whore our interests in any way clashed! with those of tho more favoured South.' We hud hoped that tho central portion' of tho colony would have made common cause with us, and ovon if thny did not sido ' with us, we certainly never oxpectqd to boo thorn objoct to tho very slight; benefits that wo havo j at length obtained from tho Government) Tub Criterion Hotok °nly opened a fortnight ago by {Mr. Fay, had* a vory narrow cBoape of being tnimed to tho ground on Monday evening, tho 15th. inst. Just as Mr. Fay had finished lighting: a largo fuar- brnncli chandelier in tho Jaw, thofoatenhig which supported it suddenly g&vo; way] and tlie 'wholo affair fell on to Hie' bar and thence to th^ ground, breaking all tho and scftterinR tbi bnrshig kerosene -,ovor *1 ICeirunis ch.g.-St. Fatnck , Mr. « i - i ? ' — ? jJiwJ^MoyneUs .0. the place; -which appeared one sheet. of flame. Mr. Fay, with great presehce'of mind, *ran for some' blankets, and several;' persons - being [ at hand, attracted by the blaze, [ to'help, they soon succeeded; in smothering! the flames, but. not l-cfore the} front of the counter and part of the floor had i been blackened and 'scorched by the fire. It would have; been ,a great, loss had the building shared- tho Bame fact as the old hotel on tho site of which it is jorected, and wljich was burned down about j^ro years ago. f. j The .'Lizzie Muir,'*' a |fine-looking three inastod schooner, made; her first appehrance in this Fort on- Tuesday last) :aftor a good run of six days fro^i Brisbane.1 She'is qnito anew vessel of 87 tons . register, j nnd was bnilt in ?Sydney. ' She has ? been purchased by Mr. Andrew Mnir, who owned- the ?! ' Ottawa,' and is, we understand, to'trade regularly to Maokay. We would call the attention of ohr readers to tho large Land Sale, advertised to be heldjfchiB day, at' Wills' .Hotel, by Mr.. G. Smith. It is hot often r thaf such an opportunity offers of securing land-in' some of;tha best parts of j the town. There aro also boiUo very good suburban1 allotments to be sold ftt the same time, and we do -not doubt that - competition fwffl bo well main itaincd for some of tli6 choicer portions. ? ; ] !j We- understand thgt several matches!* are ?'arranged i to come off on the Course to-day, [and ?we' have' no doubt that more will - yetj Be jmade. There' is ono' between Mustang and St. j Patrick, for -a mile, to take plaoe-at 12 o'clock, and there is some/ talk I of a jumping match at the same. time. There is generally some good i sport on; tlio Course' on. the third day, ahd. this I will doubtless not prove' am exception to the [rule.. .! ! j J' ? : . The ?*' Tinonee, 'j . which! arrived yesterday . afternoon, from Lowen.j brought -down with her Bixty immigrants = to this port, who hadibeen ?landed from the '.Lady Douglas.' They are all from England, and [ will doubtless readily [meet with engagements] They are- classified as ; follows Twenty married couples ; four tingle .women;; thirty-one- ; single men, ' andj five children: *- ;'j' [j h ? ?-// j ? Settling for the 'Mackay Races will take place this .evening at Adrian's, Tattcrsall's Hotel.- There will no doubt be a good many present to drink the healthjof the winbera and losers; after, the several prizes are paid over. . Tiie Northern Argur of -'Tnno G sayH ?~' So there is! a'chance of the establishment— (is that tlie. word?)— K)f a. Bishopricj at Rockhanxpton. .The Rev. Mr! Leigh received on Thursday- a telegram from the Bishop 'dt Sydney, stating that the Rev. Canop iR. %. King, formerly rector bf St. Andrewls] would leave Sydpsy by the Balclutha, on- business; connected wiih the erection of the proposed new iBishoprio at Rock hampton. The Balclntha left on the afternoon of the thus the rev. gentleman is on the road, and will . be here' about next Wednesday. This is a step in advance. Should we be ifortu-. nate enough to obttin a Bishop, our . importance and bur influenco wi^l be greatly incroasd; Bockhampton will then be a city. Egad 1 -We wonder what Mrs.- Grundy will say to this; will she interfere and attempt to] 'deprive us of our ecclesiastical, as she has already done of our ? sebular^ghts ? ' 1 | 1 | ! pEORGETOWN, June 112.— Onr business people and machine 'owners- are indignant at the .tele gram which appeared in your paper to ther effect „ that the ^six thousand five hundred and ninety -.ounces of 'gold sent from here by last escort was principally Palmer gold. Tho[fact was that'the whole of the gold then sent was the produce of this field alone. Four .hundred and fifty tons 'of stone from the Try-no-more|Reef has crushed ono thousand six huudred ounces. One hundred and five tons from Peter O'Neill's yielded two hundred and seventy ounces, And twenty-seven tons from tbe Victory Reef, yielded eighty-one ounces. 7—Telegram to. Cokrier.j j Singular Accident. — An accident offa sin 'gular nature occurred on Saturday last. Patrick Duggin; a groom, was riding] a horse along the Enoggora Road when he came suddenly x-n a cow which was lying: in the road, and which in attempting . to rise suddenly, was kickedjbehind the ear by tbe horse and instantly expired. The horse and man were both thrown) to the ground, and' rendered quite j insensible. ' On coming to, Duggin found that his collar-bone was broken. The- horao'' was : uninjured.— - Telegraph.-' . '4 . ? i . . The Lady Douglas; arrived] in port on Satur day last, after an excellent passage of 95 days. The immigrants were all in 'good health, with the exception of one woman, who came on board ill, being in decline. There have been nfe deaths and no births during tho passage. The* passengers all speak in the | highest terms of ooth captain ana doctor.. Some of them com plain of having been brought here under false pretences, that. is to say having taken their passages to Brisbane; and nob being aware that thoy were coining hero pntil they wereisome way on tho voyage.) Thhs is, wo aro sorry to say, a not unfrcquent complaint with Queens land immigrants, and wheuevor well founded is a serious grievance, in fact a fraud on the part of tho Government, or '.its agents, for which - tliesa noor neonlo do not seem to have anv to dress. As to the immigrants,' we could have wished there had been a stronger infusion of the agricultural clement, as] wo . were led to understand there would be, though we dare say that a few .monthB colonial experience will much increase: their valuo as colonists.- Wo are afraid there aro somo very] dishonest -charac- ters amongst them, tho captain complaining that they got at and broached the cargo, break ing tho hatchway locks,- until at last it was found necessary to» uBo handjcuffa to fasten tho. hatches. This may account fpr tho * alleged fact that during tbo 95 days passago 140 days rations woro consumed, though it scarcdy seems a sufficient causo for so prodigious an expendi ture. .Wo think there must bo great neglect on tho part of tho officials in'lUmdon to;allowof so many bad characters getting freo passages to Queensland as; acorn to have' come by tno last fow ships. Tb'o hiring ia not -proceeding very briskly. For any slackness iij this direction tho Immigration Office in Brisbane ia olono to blame. Their tardiness in communication ia aucb that tho agent here did ^notrccoivo any particulars as to tbo number or description of her passen gers, even any official iutimatlon that sno wat coming here at all, until Thursday, 28th inst., just two days keforo she arrived. - Consequently many of the largest employers of this kind of labour know nothing at all About it even yet Up to yesterday ovening about 57 adults nsd boon engaged, - and : Bovorali childron. — T. D, Timen, June 6. .j' Sub- Inspector Johnsons has telegraphed to Superintendent Brown that tho blaoks north of Clamp Point wonldlnot allow tho orew of the Boomorong to land- tho fourth boat from the wreck; also that thoy havo 'attacked tho rood party on Sea View Kango, Tboy alao attacked tbo outtcrs Albert and Edward, lying nt anchor weather boimd off Palm Islfmds, aangorously wounded one man, and attempted to fire tho vessel by throwing lighted te^tree bark down tho hold. It is ovideut that tho aboriginals in that quarter want looking oftur.-WAU Wo { Bulletin ) understand that the; Govern mont intend to proceed at oc oa with Improving tho navigation of the Fitzroy. by deepening tho ohannol at the Upper Flats. All tho ineoassary plans and specifications have poen prepared, and a gentleman arrived from Briflb/roo by tho. tftdy Bowon armed with full powors to comuionca and Sush the! works on os fost'os 'possible, j [Tho mbpr for tiie coustniotion jof the lirstpuut is in town,' and tho necbssa rjj materia] tot tho orootion of quarters for thoi workmen wijl bo taken dawn in tho MAry to-- Jlay, and the bnffd ings commenced. . Hqitablo itoneTor tho groins is knowii to oxist in tho neighbourhood of tho flats, flo.that no diffiouity la approhendod on that seoro. Most of tho timber for tho works 1b to be -supplied by tho I proprietor of tho CalUonp Saw Hfilx.iand the wholo. of it is ox pe.Qtoa - io . be -^it^dvpn tbo spo- j within, a I- 1 From tbu'mo5(*t ^ sot 1 fnrtuiiato oonUemaOppM^.W.^_r.„^; Wit 3'! kni. ? fflW month. It iii confidently expected that when, the groins are erected and the work fimshed! there will be at least ten feet of water on thej Flats at low tide, which would give 'sufficient 'depth at high springs to float vessels of twenty feet drought. .We Bhall give a detailed descrip-. tion of the proposed works as 'soon as possible. English Extracts. — M. de Lesseps has ful minated a threat of closing the Suez CauaL' Having protested, in vain against the Interna tional. Tonnage Commission, he now informs the Khedive that, being unable to work the canal under the new tariff, imposed upon him, he^ will dismiss his pilots, and extinguish the light-} houses. Tho Khedive has replied that, in such a case, he would himself provide for the work ing of tbe canaL ? Hans Christian Andersen, - the well-known Danish La Fontaine and friend of Dickens, has been dangerously ill, and there ? is little hope of a lastiug recovery, ? A hand some gift' has been presented' by the ladies of ' Chislehujst'to the Prince Imperial. It is- ah .inkstand in the shape of a beehive. The hive is of cold, and rests on a silver base, richly gilt and enamelled. Ten bees, most artistically con structed, are placed at suitable intervals on the hive or base. Valuable jewels add to the beauty of the object. ? The Mansion House Fund for the. relief of the sufferers through the famine in Bengal now amounts to £73,000.- — - The whole of the army will, in a few weeks, be armed with the Martim-Hcnry rifle. ? The sum required in the ensuing year to meet the claims of officers arising out of the abolition of pur chase ia £657,000. ? The Council of the Society of Arts has decided to offer a prize, consisting of a gold medal or 20 guiheas, for the best essay 'On the Cultivation and Manufacture of Indian Teas.' ? A scientific expedition is to be made up that portion of the Nile situated in Egypt. Tho expedition is to consist of six Italian; naturalists. By special desire of the Viceroy two other gentlemen: were added.to the expedition, one of them being tho'Italian Vice^ Consul at Alexandria, who.isa Jew. ? Itis cur rently reported that during the ensuing summer their Royal Highnesses, the Duke and Duchess of- Edinburgh will visit Ireland, as the guests of the Duke and Duchess of l Abercorn.- — -Tlie Record states that another prosecution of -'Mr. Mackonochic has been- resolved on, as tbek' ,wa3 a distribution 4 of palms, High Moss, and pro cession in St.- Albau's, Holborn, on Palm Sunday. Tho processional! cross, &a;, were draped in mourning, as is done in the Roman Church at that .Beason. -j- European Mail, April 17. ! ?llolloway's Pi7k.~Tha slightest indisposition, so that it may. not rapidly run its disastrous course from bad to' worse, ! should engage the immediate 'attention ;of - the afflicted of all classes. A few doses of these thoroughly puri fying and strengthening Pills will always be beneficial wKen . the least disorder reigns, or when! nervous fears oppress. ! Two or three Pills at bed time have the happiest effect in promot ing : perfect digestion,, whereby the muscles ore rendered more vigorous; the spirits more buoy ant,! and the entire frame more hardy. Hollo way's medicine increases the j quantity of nutri ment derivable from a given . quantity bf food, and 'so the quality of, the blood is improved, tho tone of every fibre throughout tho body lis heightened, and tho disposition to fall into disease is 'reduced to a minimum. — [Advt.] j 