TOPICS OF THE DAY The Kingston and Norwood Parlia-<*> mentary Club will meet on Tuesday instead of today, this being a holiday. We understand that the Secretary to the Temperance Muoon new being beld in Ade laide haa received a donation of £5 from His Excellency the Governor. Our sporting readers will be glad to see Oat there will be a day's racing on the old Adelaide Oout-se to-day. Particulars may be ascertained in oar advertising column*. Tea and public meetings will be held in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, this evening, in connection with the South Austra lian division of the Sons of Temperance. Prayer meetings wiU be held every day during this week at the Mission BaU, Ebenezsr Chapel, Bundle-street, from 12 to 1 o'clock. The Bey. J. L Parsons will conduct the service to-day, asd on the other days ministers of various churches will officiate. The Sydney Morning Herald states that subscriptions have been raised to fit out a small expedition in search of the explorer Leiahhardt. Three men have been well equipped, each being prodded with a couple at horses, fiireanna, and other weapons, and they wffl shortly start in company with Andrew Hume. There was a respectable attendence at White's Booms on Saturday evening, the audi ence being more than anally enthusiastic. Grace Bgerton was rapturously received, nearly everyoneofhersongsbefngencored. Mr. Oase had no cause to grumble, his concertina and violin playing bemrverywellreoeived. Thiseven ing a special holiday programme will be given, which will comprise several characters now to tha Adelaide public '* We have it on the best authority," writes tbtOtagoDaHs &<**. "thatafter one of the Immigrant ships recently arrived hare had been at sea a few days, the «~r*«J- i find ing that a number of the passenger* belonged to the class known as the "light-fingered gentry," advised the immigrants if they had any money, it would be the best to place It In his hands for safe keeping till arrival On* free immigrant, acting on Hie suggestion, banded the captain a mm of one thousand two hundred pounds." The Border Watch, of June 17, states that "(tare baa been a succession of heavy frosts daring the part few daya, aeoompanled by bright sunshine. Ploughing iTmaldng good headway, the weather of late being all that could be desired for outdoor operations. It fa probable the area under wheat wfll be somewhat leas than last fear, white that under potatoes wfll be largely increased. On the Mount Schanck Bstate we hoar about a thousand acres will be broken up for crop, and that it is pro. bable a conaideraUa area wOI be cropped every year in future with the view of ertaUiamg English gomes." On Friday evening, the juvenile mem ber* of the various Temperanoe Societies in the dty, as well as many other youngster*, wen invited to an entertainment by He. J. Kemp Pennny, D.M.W.G.C.T., 8.T., in the Huston Hall, lately opened in KondlMtreet east The Hall was well filled, and Mr. Bameveld ex faibltad bis dissolving views. During the even- Ing the Exoelsior Band played aome tunes. Miss Cook sang a ballad. Masters Harry Oook and 8. IfcEee rendered a couple of recitations, and Mr. J. Kemp Penney wound up As pro. eeeding? by remarks on Intemperance. He In vited children not attending other places of worship to attend the Sundty-aehoola in Bbe •aezer ObapeL The rainfall between 9a.m. on Friday and ttie sum hoar on Saturday, Jane 20. ii registered as follews :— AdalaUe ... 0-359 Robe Town .„ 0-250 Port Augusta... 0-310 Bun 0*460 Georgetown ... o*2oo Auburn ... o*4oo Clare 0-400 atoonta ... 0*360 Wallaroo ... o*3Bo Kapunda ... o*4oo Blanchstown .„ 0*250 Ga-cler 0*445 Tanunda ... o*6oo Wilhuiga ... 0*563 Gwneraeha 0*770 Port Klliot O*4Bo Normavaie ... 0*683 Mt Barker ... 0*470 Geoiwa ... 0*430 Ifoningle .. 0*290 Bli&man; ... 0750 Peoola o*o4o -Ucbose ... 0*560 Meant Gambler O'lfiO Strathalbj? ... 0*250 Wentworth ... 0*250 . << Hamlet" attracted an iram«i« house at the Beyalo* Saturday e*sning,the immshm being a oomplimentary benefit to Mr. Fair dough. The weather was boisterous and wet. and therefore the brilliant --rmnMarn which graced the Theatre on Saturday evening most be taken the more to be a substantial and fitting ■•••■•■{■"■H'-n of the ability of an actor who daring a brief season hat, without any flourish of trumpets to introduce him, won golden opinions aa an interpreter of the legiti mate drama. The performances throughout went admirably, Mr. Fdrdough, as the Danish Prince, being greeted with most enthusiastic applause at the conclusion of each act. At the termination of the per formance Me. Fairdough was recalled and greeted with prolonged and vociferous cheering. When the applause had subsided, He Fair elongh stepped forward and said—"Ladies and gentlemen—let me thank you for your attand aaoa here tbii evening sad for the pi-wflita- yon have so kindly bestowed upon me. I trust that at no very -**-*-*■* time I may again have the opportunity of appearing before you; but whether or no, I shall always have most plea sant reooQectiona of sunny Soulb Australia!" (Oheen.) HlaEnjella?eyaadaparty fromGo ▼ernnunt House were present. A further en gagement has been made with Ida. Bowring "for one week only." and she win appear tills evening as Pauline, in the «~nHifftta of "Delicate Ground." This wOl be followed by Ottburiea^aeofHaidee." Delouow?*"? tr Noncrc. —We an requested by Mr. Charles THnmanii to call attention to This Day 5* Auction Sails of Valuable Freehold Pro. pwtyand_£«™"W.lmplements, Stack of Hay, to., ate., which will take place at 1 o'clock, on tin Premises, NafUwortii, af the late Mr. 8. Day, by order of tha Bxecuton, 