Townsville. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] February 25. QUITE a stir has been created in our latterly quiet town by the arrival of the Lammershagen, from Hamburg, with over 300 German, Danish, and Polish immigrants. They are generally acknowledged to be as fine a lot of immigrants as has ever been landed here. It is fortunate that they were also a happy, contented lot, otherwise the miserable accommodation which awaited them here would hare caused serious trouble. A lot of thin wretched things called, by courtesy, tents (but in reality only partly, tents, the rest old flies, with no ropes to them), were supplied to the new comers, and hurriedly erected in a pouring rain. The single men, to the number of over eighty, were put in possession of these man- sions, and told to make themselves at home. Too much credit cannot be given to the Police Magistrate and the Immigration Commission for the labor they went through in seeing to the wants of some 300 people, who all had to be pro- vided for at a moment's notice. In proof of the energetic action of these gentlemen, the general expression next morning was one of satisfac- tion. In fact the immigrants stated that they had never slept so well since leaving home, their only want had been a little more salt. Salt being invariably the condiment which is fated to be forgotten at picnics, sustained its reputation at this gigantic picnic. A few stret- chers would have been an improvement in the internal economy of the old printing office, which did duty as a depot for the single girls. It seems hard to compel girls to roll up in a single blanket on the floor, but none complained, and next day all who wished for situations were quickly hired at remunerative rates for new arrivals. A few single girls are to be forwarded to-morrow to Mackay and Bowen, together with about forty single men, and a number of married couples with large families. There were no cases of sickness on the ship's arrival, and the surgeon-superintendent, Dr. Mohs, may congratulate himself on his success in landing his charge in such good condition. An Italian who became light-headed whilst on board, ran off into the neighboring bush on the arrival of the steamer at the wharf, but the police and black trackers were at once set in motion, and he is probably ere this in custody. As we are to have a regular shipment of immi- grants for the future, it seems very strange that no provision should be made for a depot. We have a fine and expensive bonded store for the convenience of our thirsty population, and surely when we land a cargo far more remunerative (ultimately) to the revenue than brandy and beer, some more convenient recepta- cle should be provided than a few rotten tents and a wet ground to sleep on. The pots and pans which were served out to these people were of such a description that few were in service- able condition — holes and cracks were the pre- dominant feature in their construction. This could have well been avoided, as the articles could have been purchased here at such a price as would have fallen below the total cost of those sent from Brisbane, when breakage and freight are taken into consideration. However, all has gone off merrily, and every one is satisfied. The Endeavor River news is very meagre. Nothing new has transpired. The surroundiug country has been so boggy and " spewy" as to be impassable for horses, and even for men with swags. Meat is very scarce. A lot of sheep sent from Townsville, fetched 30s. per head — buy and carry off your prize — no butchering at the price. Cooktown has already a reputation for being a very quiet, peaceable town — no rowdy- ism — in fact, men prefer settling their disputes by a private talk in the street with the Police Magistrate. The great want appears to be wharfage accommodation, and the wonder is, that the sites for wharves are not leased at once, or that the Government does not immediately take steps to build one. Now would be the time to get the thing done. Hun- dreds of men are living in idleness, waiting until the wet season will allow them to be off to the Palmer. These are only spending their pre- cious money, when they would jump at the chance of earning some, and I am credibly in- formed that 500 men could be got to work at a day's notice, at from 25s. to 30s. a week rather than they would remain in enforced idleness. There are now, it is roughly computed, some 1500 people at Cooktown, and hundreds on the road between that and the Normanby. The result of the enquiry held on the remains of a man, some thirty miles down the coast from the Endeavor, has been the discovery that he was a miner from Tambaroora, named Dickman. He is supposed to have been one of five men who started from the Palmer to go to Cooktown, or rather to the Endeavor. He probably mis- took Mount Thomas, where he was found, for Mount Cook, and so lost himself. His death is easily accounted for by the " sign." He had been sitting on a bluff rock overlooking the beach. That he had been reading letters was evident from the fact that several were found on the rock, with a stone on them to prevent their blowing away. He must, whilst in this position, have been stolen upon by the blacks, who battered in one side of his skull, and fractured the other. After his fall he was stoned, as numbers of large pebbles were found all round the body. His feet and hands had been chopped off, for cannibal purposes probably as they were missing, and I am informed that these parts form the choice bits of the Northern cannibal tribes. His boots, tobacco, and money were left untouched. No sign of his supposed companions could be found. The treacherous dealing of the blacks here was fully exhibited. Seeing no one but three white men in the boat which landed Mr. Somerset to make the investigation, they came down making signs of friendship, but as soon as the black police were seen, instantly the wild blacks ran off, and on search being made it was found that every man had been dragging a spear in his toes. Several (spears, not blacks) were taken possession of, and two or three of them (very ugly weapons, quite different from the common long spear of the southern blacks) now adorn my collection. We have a great many steamers here now, the latest arrivals being the Arakoon, of Bris- bane, and the Enterprise from Port Darwin. The Wonga Wonga and Tinonee are expected here to- night or early to-morrow morning. The Star River copper mine is looking very well. Large quanties of splendid ore are lying at grass, and a consignment now bagged up in Townsville will be shipped immediately for Newcastle for smelting. All building in Townsville is at a stand-still. No timber is procurable at any price, and there seems every probability that when any does lose its way and get here it will all go to Cooktown. Carpenters will soon all be following, and we shall then be in bad case indeed. A poor woman named Benton went mad a few days ago and dropped her child into a lagoon, where it was drowned. She was taken to the lunatic reception-house, and, in spite of medical aid, died in a few days. Carriers are beginning to move out loaded, so we shall probably soon have the dry season, and with it some startling Palmer news, which will be duly chronicled. February 27. A number of Palmer diggers have arrived in town. They report a terrible scarcity of provi- sions ; as much as seventy shillings per lb. having been asked for flour. Gold was to be got, but as the means of sus- taining life were not obtainable at any price, they concluded it would be wiser to leave, and wait till the rainy season had passed, when provisions would be comparatively plentiful. The Joint Stock Bank is about to open a branch at Cooktown, and I believe the necessary buildings and materiel leave by the Wonga to-day. The three banks will then be repre- sented at that go-a-head city. The Board of Education are not behindhand ; their northern representative goes to the Endeavor to-day, to prepare the way for the young idea. It only needs the parson now to follow, and Cooktown will rival Townsville in civilisation, as it already does in population. 