' GEBMANY AND DENMARK. ? „ The National 'Xeitmg of September 23 Buys » ?? — We, hare to. tbank some English newspapers KikToM1!-?!'1?*?80'^ groundless discussion naB boefl 'obuwaenood nbout misunderstandings bdtwoc'n ?10 -i! )*-? v«man and Danish Governments. Those , n -j j«T|**»fi»alB ? linye said moro ? tlmti they thomsolvos Know ; their informants in Copenhagen seem to li^.vemado themselves the mouthpieces of certain )O i 'persons thero whoso opinions 'they either eha'ro or by whom thoir credulity has been misused. The statement as to the expulsion of the Danes ' ? tfrom SdhleswiB have been, nerhans. written in good faith by the English correspondents to , iLor.don ; they may have communicated what r, ., /somebody told thorn, or what they hud rend, they themselves not being at tho placos whoro ? .'the protended occurrences took placo; bfttbeforo : ' -hey write homo anything hbout diplomatic misunderstandings, they Bhould have first made 'iajuirieB in Copenhagen, and not have sent nn uncorroborated bit ofidlo gossip broughfcto them 1 ''-: with' an object. And this bo much the more, in that the news could only have appeared to to them, improbable. As far ?fts concerns tho .???expulsions from SohleBwi^, the events nearest approaching to them Bhall ba moro clearly ? ': i .;-, .established; the expulsion of persons who look .-? MpontliemselvoB as - Banes, and who go to Schleswig, there to rise aRaittat the ex ,!,;irn arting: order and Government, i3 moreover, in no way 'despotism' over the Norl.h . . : Hchloswig people, a8 an English paper -:? ? (expresses it. Reopen intention in Germany :.;vf 'a quite that the Danish-speakinc Schleswigers ^ ^ahaUbotwftted with full justice. Forbearance,! ????'.ii.i*'i,, ffro!enceS fiey shall not bo oppressed, ; :v,t £nt» tlj'eir language shall beleft to themongrttdg ?'- ?;??' lnP,.yi if tho right and option of Using tho ; Common langusge of their nation or State ba ; v, , rendered to the Germans. But it is quite another question whether ontranco iDlo and '.'-' ??' reeMenco in Schlcswig shall bo permitted to ' , ..Danes, bo they born in Jutland, on the islands, or iu Seliieswig, if they betake ;themselvea ?to contend against tho German dominion, and to, busy themselves for tho rotmion of North Sohleswig with Denmark, The more we wish right to every real Schlettiger, so much the Icsb ao wa believo that such activity can be borne with ; for, sooner or later, the existing State must opijose itself to that which contests its legitimacy, and thereby tho foundation of for bearance and tnildneso 'may easily bo spoilt. The Prussian authorities, as cannot bo denied, have sometimes put up with very much from tbe Danish party in Sehloswig, so that one ?wondered -at their toleration ; t'non they again .??? '., ' icome fin-ward with earnestness and strictness ? ????' 'when it was not expected, and therefore is ^received with so much the more agitation. It would, perhaps, be better if they would establish \ ?-. -' ??' Afocei rate £n their prohibition and their supers , ,.,', , T*8.'0'' 'Open rebellion cannot be allowed, end .y'l'St'is iwst that the inhabitants of the country at ??'?' large should know; once for all) that it is not \- ?; allowed. _ The native who spposes himself to the 'existing Government Las everywhere his ..punishment according to the laws of tht- land, the immigrant foreigner everywhere has to ? ' ' Expect his expulsion ; and no exception can be made to this in Schloawig. . The tactics which aro ut present adopted by ?aome German newspapers in the discussion of ? ''the so-oalled North Sohleswig question (says ,„ .^Jthp ZielerZcilunff of September 24) are simply . . , ??wuioiiLaiKB. xne expulsion of peaceful sub ?'?????? :jeots ot friendly Powers belonga to the class of -exceptional measures in the intercourse of civi ; . : -liaed nations. When, indeed, agitators danger- '', ?? -'Ous to the State, and who threaten the safety of i ;.i Restate are to.be dealt with, no Government stands on much ceremony. Brit here is the difficulty. We have not hitherto supposed lhab ? 'the compositors were answerable for political ,, ., loading artioles in newspapers, und so 'it 13 cliffl , 'cult to comprehend what end iherb may be to this 'danger to the State' 'for Danish subjects .... mho have committed no offence other tLan by ? fceing employed on North Schleawig journals -with Danish vietts. And tho matter stands . nearly m the same position as regards the ex pulsion of wine peasants. The ' stirring agita tors in North Schleswig are Prussian subjects who vai*ilyoendeavour not to come into conflict ' ; witU the lawB. What then: would public «P'.nion in Germany eay if, under similar cir.' TSumstances, the expulsion of German subjects Bhould, be any where docreed? Should we -?.' .:l?wait; the judgment of the foreign press ? No ; the tact would perfectly nuffico to prick the na ;*ional conscience, and we might see a Govern inent and a party in Germany ' who would' try the experiment of placing themselves in open.: opposition to this national coasciousness. Just 5n the s&me; way the change of opinion in Don mart came completely, about, very. rapidly in ? ?. ;??? . tiie, press, more slowly in tho conscience of the : ' : ;.vi ':-pepple. , Gemi'anB, .who in the last few months :..-,i Slave travelled in Denmark, can only Bpeuk well '?i'iroftheit reception in Denmark. Before the'iex--. ? ipalstona in North Schleswig proceed, thoiques \- ? ti«sn'is, aoebrdiitg to our view, to be solved, iwhethor the fisk is at all proportionate to the, ^-'; ?possible ttSed; If tlie expulsions hare not th'eir.V ?'.j.f'intended result in the quieting of North Sclilbs-,. !.?...-; .Wig, then we look upon them us a .politioiil miB-' ?takei- Every policy is faulty that puta a' wpa-' ' , pon into the hand of an opponent. ?'-.. ' '?' ?'?''' :. The Italian journal L'Opinione, of Septem--'! ! ? ber 24, says : — According to a despatch from ; :? ; 3Paris, great commotion prevails in KuBBia and v !.'.'i England in consequence of tho notification that ? : , the Government of Berlin have proposed to tho ? Cabinet of Copenhagen to make Denmark enter .. into tho Confederation of the North. ? W» already observe for some days a kind of re rV growth of the communications that proceed to ..,...-?. SPariB and London in disparajjement ofGer-; -» many, attributing to hor projects likely ? to; ; ; !' arose the gravest uneasiness, The very source .10.. ;.«f these announcements makes us beliove that \- itlioy may be without uny foundation. We do ' ' Dot see them confirmed in any way from Copon- . i ' ;, hagen, nor from Berlin, nor from St. Peters ? hQrgh, nor do wo observe in any diplomatic '.^quarters any symptoms of fear in this res'pecb. ;:, ,. It is too improbable that Germany should desire at this moment to expose herself to the danger .:-:/. of ? fresh European complications. Denmark : i) certainly would not enter with good grace into iii.the Confederation of the North, and. besides, ;,V;. 'the extraordinary aggrandisement of the Con ;'v federation itself would bo a serious dancer to .'...i the other states of Europe, and would not ? ,; -'suoceed without new conflicts. As regards the r , , j ;SqhleBwig question, Germany has no other view., exoept to consider the Treaty of Prague as non existent, and it ib not to bo believed that she ; .. .wisheB to push things further. '.'.''„ ? ?!- JohnXemoinne, in the Journal des Bebdis.oi , ;;?.!; .'September -26, asBertB of the French that :— In ? v: ? the; state of matorial inferiority in wliioli we .^..haye.been placed by. tuo evouts of 1870 we ought to reBign ourselveB to being only speota- ? !fu* tors' in the transformations which the dominant ?jj power's of -tho- Continent would wish to. impose- '. upon Europe. A now question arisos, or rather ^rreviy.es,' to-day ; that of Sclilcswig, that is to ; ? ^W».:Pf tue territory which separates Gormany/ r.-iu from, Denmark, and whioh has nevisr established 'i''; between; the two countries moro thun a very ;p;,yhguo,,very indeterminate separation, subject to : '?.all.voluntary quarrels. This question, of which !.--.:Lord Palmerston ouce Baid that, it would be the ; 'r -.Vspxll which would set fire to Europo, and whioh v ,' 'lias been, in fact, the netive principle of the' conflagration whioh has first consumed AuBtrio- ??- and, lator, Franco, Iiob not been definitively ?;'\£;apUled by the convention which followed . the .'..'?henbefdrth'faraous battle of Sadowa, and known rtrt-iUndor. the name of the treaty of Proguo. Franco ,)jaj!jook,part in this treaty,, in which ouo finds the t,,(tn^raco . of that tortuous and Beeretly-working .j^mjad bf'tlie man who was then our master, yc.ThejEmperor Napoleon III. did not like open. situations; he never did more than a half of anything. He wished that a door should be ? neither opon or closed ; he always reserved to ?himaolf'an esit or re-ontra'nBe. It was thuB tliaf, hebondueted thu TWSaty 6f Prague. Ho had ehooavanni'l, iSrnentedj the war of 1866 bo. Hveen .Pruii.'ifi and'AiiMria; ha reckoned that this win% which only lusted sixdayj, would last at le'Mt Bix inonths, and' that lie trbHld bo called npoh to intervene: betft'een the bolligorents a' peacemaker end arbitrator. Wo r^m0ral)61, ^ astoundiug effect of the Vjattlo which wo call Sr.aowa; Austria was crushed and tho vie tonous nrmios wero almost at tho gates of Vienna when Franco interposed. ?. ?. . Our Jimporor had a custom from ftluoh ho never cteparted, and which he had by constant appli cation raised to the position of a principle and doctrine ; it was that of consulting tho popula tion. Wo have not tho least intention to re proach him for it ; tlie principle is good, every thing is in the modeof applying it. Woloavothis digression, whic!- will lead us too far from the actual qncsWon. The Emperor then caused to be Infcorted into the Treaty of Pragua the condi tion that, the population of Northorn Sohleswig should bo called upon to dispose of themselves by a voto. The article was thus drawn up : 'S.M. the Emperor ot Austria transfers to S.M.the King of Prussia the rights that, he has acquired by the treaty of Vienna, of 30th Oct., 1864, to the Duchies of Holstein and of Schles wig, with the condition that the population of North SchloBwig,. if it by its voto freely ex presses the desire to be reunited to Denmark', shall be in consequence euieA to Denmark.' M. do BismaTck, in accepting tho condition, must have laaghefi in his German beard nearly as much as on th« day when ho got the pVdmiBo extracted from him by M. Jules Favre not to disarm the National Guard of Paris. Ho had gaiued enough to promise everything, and promised himself, tio doubt, to hsld to nothing. And in fact, from year . to year the German dominion became established and installed in Suhleswig, and it is ^robablo that it will romain there. In any oa?e we are not the ones who can uudortako to dis place it. The actual question whiSh revives at tho present moment is, then, this — Denmark demands tho performance of tho Treaty of Prague, wliicli wo called for, and Prussia, now Germany, answers as she would answer Alsace and Lorraine. Truo, the treaty wa9 concluded , witli Austria by the mediation of France'; but : Austria does nof claim its fulfilment, and France has no moro to say. We aro not in a position to make ourselves the redressors of wrongs, and thero are otherpowers whom thiBuffair concerns more than us. It jb asserted that Germany, not content with the occupation of tho duchies of the north, dreamt of incorporating Denmark into the German confederation, and that to this cause the coldness of Russia towards hor must be attritiu'teQ. We confess our inorodulity on this point. Germany knows very well that anch' a pretension would immediately turn Russia and- England against her. We believe that her actual d«sig\V is limited to definj^j assuring t6t;erself the possession, of a territory which gives outlets, to hor new maritime force, and, to intimating, not only to Denmark, but also to Europe, her resolution not to give it up. ? England may have regrets — she may even feel remorse; but wo — we can only look on. 