One milliner? iUlomfns Gerald: .. TUESDAY, MAY 19, 1874. ! IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers stated, in answers to questions: That there was not in the office of the Minister of Jua tice a copy of the letter sent by the chief bailiff of the Supreme Court to the late Chief Justice respecting the arrest of persons under writ of care, leaving or alleged to be leaving the colony that returns concerning the results of the classification of teachers by the Council of Education would be furnished when ordered by the House that the decision of his Excellency the Governor in reference to the conditional release of Gardiner was comtnttniciteil to the prisoner by the gaoler under the directions of the sheriff; that the Government at no time during the present contract for the Pacific mail service agreed to accept, honour, or protect orders drawn or _ given by the contractor on the Treasury for coal supplied to steamers on ac , count of the said service that the sum of 3650 voted for the road from Manilla to Walgett would be expended in improvements that were urgently required that it was not intended to pro- claim Saturday, the 23rd instant, as a public holiday ; that the Government intend to give up Monday as 1 an extra sitting day of the Assembly on the passing of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill that Botany bridge was to be re-erected on or before the 28th June next Mr CooPE brought up the report from and the evidence taken before the select committee on the Sydney Museum, and it was ordered that the documents be printed. Mr, MACKINTOSH and Mr. LUCAS made explanations touching the condition of the crossing near the site of the Botany Road Bridge. Ministers laid on the table Government House expenditure unit Hospital and Lunatic Asylum returns, and it was ordered that the papers be printed. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. PARNELL, to refer the Drummond Copper Mining Company's In corporation Hill to a select committee for inquiry and report. Mr. PARKES moved that the report from the select oom mitt ed of the whole House on the Electoral Act Amendment Bill be adopted. Mr. NELSON moved the recommittal of the bill, in order that clause 10, in relation to the naturalization of aliens, might be amended, he explained, in a speech of some length, that he disapproved of the state in which the law was left in the bill, as he thought that an alien should be placed in possession of all the privileges of a British subject on the issue to him of a certificate of naturalisation ; whereas b y the bill nil aliens were deprived of the exercise of any such lights for two years after the grant of certificates. He wished to move as an amendment that complete letters of naturalization may be granted to a lens in virtue of five years' residence in the colony, whether before or after the passing of the Act. I he hon. member subsequently included in his motion clauses 5 and 6 and the first schedule. Mr. PARKES opposed the recommittal, as all the provisions of the bill had been fully considered, and the debate on the naturalization clause alone occupied two nights. Mr. J. ROBERTSon was in favour of the reconsideration of the naturalization clause, and also wished to have an opportunity of altering the name of the Cassilis electorate to Cobden. Mr. GARRETT thought the whole of the clauses in question ought to be discussed in committee. Mr. R. B. SMITH supported the recommittal, and contended that the electorate of Manning and Port Macquarie was entitled to two members. The recommittal was also supported by Mr. BURNS, Mr. BUCHANAN, and Mr. RAFAEL, and opposed by Mr. ALLEN, Mr, T. ROIIHKTBON, Mr. FIT/.I-ATIIICK, and Mr. H AKKU, and negatived on division by 22 to 11. The adoption of the report was carried on division by 22 to 10, and the third reading of the bill was. after further debate, made an order of the day for Wednesday (to-morrow). Mr. FARNELL moved the second reading of the Public Railways Land Resumption Bill, which, he said, had been passed by the Legislative Council, and the object of which was to render all lands purchased from the Crown at any time during five years after the passing of the Act liable to be resumed for railway purposes, upon the return to the purchaser of the amount of his purchase money, with 25 per cent, added. Extensive reserves had been made in the directions in which it was supposed future railway extensions would take, and as they were open to great objections they could be cancelled on the passing of the bill. Mr. J. ROBERTSON supported the bill, but thought that twenty-five per cent, was not sufficient allowance for resuming Crown lands, and that the provisions of the bill should be extended to roads made through private lands. Mr. BAKER. also supported the bill. Mr. Burns submitted as a matter of order that the . bill could only be introduced in Committee, and by a message, as by the 6th clause the Colonial Treasurer 1 wM authorised to appropriate revenue. i JMA, fji'jEACB&a;àstaipeil the bullion, and after fur: j ' VFA ii' iv v and W m s. <.'.i..Kti"Liii M -S >.' Js'P with the debate, the bill was e4iscli»r«e(l front the paper, and withdrawn on the motion of Mr PARKES. Mr, ALLEN moved the second rearrange the Insolvency Laws Amei element Bill, which he said was intended to expedite and Tobin the expense of proceedings in insolvency, and the principles of which had been recommended by the Law it- form Commis treat. Mr. R. B. SMITH opposed the bill, arguing that it would impede insts Bar of expedite proceedings in insolvency, as it would unite HBiirily transfer enormous powers from the Supreme Court to the Chief Commissioner of Insolvency, wUn could, if he thought fit, prevent appeals from his decisions. Horejrvrdcd the bill as a dangerous innovation and moved the adjournment of the debate till Wednesday. Mr STEWART IOHO to speak when attention was called to the state of the House, and us only eighteen numbers were present when it was counted, Mr. SrKAKim adjourned the House at eight minutes past 10 to 4 p.m. this day (Tuesday). THE last New Zealand Loan that it has been attempted to negotiate in our market must be considered a failure. There is money enough to be had at a price, but not quite at the price which the New Zealand Government is willing to accept. The amount desired was £3,000,000, and the whole of that could have been secured at 85, but the Government minimum was 87, and at that price only £28,000 was tendered. To allow a margin for the operations of those who wish to sell it is obvious, therefore, that the real price of a New Zealand 4 per cent, is about 86. This negotiation has been a fair test of the value of New Zealand debentures in this market, but we cannot judge from it of the , value, of our own debentures, issued on similar terms,' because we have no exact means of knowing the different degree of estimation in which the two securities are held New Zealand is at the present moment progressing rapidly, and is undoubtedly destined to great future prosperity ; the only doubt is what ther at present it is not attempting to go too fast on the basis of borrowed money. All goes on swimmingly while the money is coming in and being spent; but prudent people naturally ask what will be the effect in a few years hence when the money is all gone. If the new immigrants all settle down profitably and develop the resources of the country, then it will be well ; but if there should be distress, and a considerable immigration take place, then the value of the public securities will fall. The New Zealand debt is heavier in proportion to the population than that of any of the other colonies, and the taxation is also heavier. The country is at present quite able to bear it, but, of course, it is possible in a very young community to overdo the national burthens. A young colony to which people have only recently immigrated, is not like France where the people are tied to the soil, and where they patiently bear the heaviest burthens. People who have only immi- grated can quickly emigrate, and they run away from an embarrassed colony like rats from a sinking ship. According to the tenour of our recent advices from Adelaide, the Treasurer there is also about to come into the market for money to the amount of £600 000 for public works. We are told that he has abandoned the project for a Funded Stock, seeing that his inquiries in Melbourne have satisfied him that that kind of security is not adapted to the market. The fact is, however, that neither in Melbourne nor in Sydney has the market been tried. In both cases the Governments have established this description of security, but they have asked a figure so much above the natural market value that the public has not responded. In Melbourne the Government insisted on par for four per cents. and here, though par was not asked, the price was above the real market value. The only way to test whether the public like this kind of security is to let it go for what it is worth, and as that is an experiment that has not yet been tried, it is altogether too early to say that this kind of security is not wanted. This subject is of great interest to us in connection with our own still negotiated loans, and it might be profitably taken into consideration by the Assembly when discussing the Loan Estimates, which have yet to be passed. It must be remembered that the Railway Loan of last session has not yet been negotiated, and that further loans will be, required for the works still to be sanctioned. It is open, therefore, to consider whether he shall borrow this money in the London or colonial markets and if the later, whether he shall do it in the form of debentures, or as a Funded Stock. The only objection ever made to borrowing' in the colony has been that the floating capital here is wanted for commercial purposes, and that the Government ought not to absorb it. But this argument is of very little force if other colonies come , n and take spur available capital. We cannot prevent their doing so, nor indeed ought we. It is natural that an old and wealthy metropolis like Sydney should become the financial centre in which the other Governments may convent recently operate ; nor have we any reason to grumble at the compliment that is thus paid, but if there is money to be had our own I'REASTJHEH may just as well borrow in the colony as send his own loans to England and leave other Governments to absorb the local capital What the real difference is between borrowing in England and borrowing in the colony has never yet been fully stated. In fact, no Trea ture that we know of has ever really placed before the Assembly the full truth about what our loans cost us. Taking the whole of our loans together, no one is even in a position to say what is the actual average nominal rate of interest. Some debentures have been quoted in a premium, some on a heavy discount but whether our nominal average interest is 5th, does not appear on any official i record. Still less has there ever been any estimate put before the House of the total cost of a loan in London. In this total cost we include all costs of brokerage, commission, printing, interest on money, and remittance on the expiry of a loan to take up the debentures. It is obviously impossible to say, until we have all these particulars, exactly how much is gained or lost by borrowing in the colony, and it is equally obvious that the Assembly, before giving its sanction to either plan, or that the TREASTTBEB, before deciding on that plan, should have this information as fully and as accurately as it is possible to have it. Our own impression is that we lose very considerably by borrowing in London. In the younger days of the colony it was absolutely necessary to go to that market for any considerable sum of money, but it is by no means so necessary now; and it has become a very serious question, whether the time has not arrived that out borrowing finance should take a turn. If it should be decided to have a fixed debt in the colony, and the interest and principal payable only in the colony, then it will be for further consideration whether such debt should be in the form of a Funded Stock, or whether in the form of debentures, terminable or interminable, and whether such debentures could or should I be capable ., of '/8Úch.;jt.egutraüon. as 'J' jwül J I T air-lift still: I j her . till it's", '. I'J I' will place them out of circulation, and again leMoro, tried to circulation at the option of the owner. If it should be con rendered expedient to "have a large funded debt in the colony, then it will become urgently necessary that the TnuA.stntKK should be willing to sell at the market price, and not hold out obstinately for what it is quite clear the public will not give. Perhaps on all these points the TurAsunKit may have something to say to enlighten the House when the Loan Estimates are brought on. Happily he is not immediately in want of money, and has enough to meet the charges of all the works now going forward. The Consolidated Revenue is in a condition to be able to advance to the Loan Fund, and this makes the matter not so immediately pressing as it otherwise might be. Still though any definite legislation, or even any definite Executive decision, may be thrown forward towards the next session, it would be satisfactory to find that the subject alluded to has been receiving the careful and patient consideration of the Executive. THE answer elicited by Mr. OAKES from the COLONIAL SECRETARY respecting the telegram produced in the course of the trial of the cause DICK V. TuojtrsoN, at Mudgee, together with the opinions expressed by several members of the House thereupon, show either that the Telegraph Act needs amendment or is seriously misunderstood. Apparently there is nothing in the Act to justify the procedure in the case cited, and it is well for it to be asserted by the Legislature that the seal of secrecy under which the telegraph officers work is inviolable under all circumstances. Mr. FARNELL must be in error in his reading of the rule of the Supreme Court in the case alluded to by him as a matter of memory. Is a telegraph clerk could be obliged to break the vow of secrecy in obedience to the Supreme Court, the Court could air. exercise the same power over the Post Office, and presently both offices would be open to the detectives of the police. Doubtless the ends of Justice would be occasionally served if the telegraphic clerks could be made to give up messages, and Post Office clerks could be made to give up letters by order of the Supreme Court ; nay, it might serve the purpose of bringing many guilty people to justice, and putting a stop to much that is wrong were a system, of espionage established in both these offices But in conformity with a wider view of the position, it is wisely agreed that the common weal of society is better conserved by maintaining the inviolability of these offices than by allowing any interference with them on the part of the Judges. It cannot be forgotten what was the verdict of the English nation on this subject when Sir JAMES GRAHAM, then Home Secretary, violated the secrecy of the Post Office. He pleaded public service. It was for the public safety, he said, that the correspondence of certain suspicious political refugees had been examined, and that an espionage was established at the General Post Office for the detection of plots against the peace of the country. And what was the reply of the nation ? Why, that the safety of the country was less exposed to danger by preserving the Post Office free from such interference, than by serving the ends of justice " by violating its secrecy. It might suit a despotic State, where the people existed for the good of a family, but could not be endured in a free country, where faith between man and man was the only possible foundation of society. In accordance with this dictum, although Sir JAMES managed to get a secret, instead of a select committee of inquiry into the practices acknowledged to be carried on in the General Post Office, and no more was heard of the affair, he was obliged to abandon his kettle steaming practices, and let the correspondence of the country pass unquestioned. THOMAS CARLYLE spoke in the key of public opinion when he said, in relation to the same affair, " I have had the honour to know M. MAZZINI for a series of years and whatever I may think of his practical insight and skill in worldly affairs, I can with great freedom testify to all men that he, if I have ever seen one such, is a man of genius and virtue, a man of sterling veracity, humanity, and nobleness 1 of mind. Whether the extraneous Austrian EMPEROR and miserable old chimera of a POPE shall maintain themselves in Italy it not a question in the least vital to English- men. But it is a question vital to us that sealed letters in an English post- office be, as we all fancied they were respected as things, sacred that opening of men's letters, a practice near of kin to picking men's pockets, and to other still viler and far fataler forms of scoundrelism, be not resorted to in England, except in cases of the very ' last extremity. When some new gunpowder plot may be in the wind, some double- dyed high treason, or imminent national wreck not avoidable otherwise, then let us open letters : not till then." The term that best expresses the unpopularity of this breach of faith is the one then used to designate it. It was called un-English, and certainly most un-English it is, whether employed to serve a despotic ally, or domestic our noses. I-I - - If the conviction became general that the messages sent through the Telegraph Office were public and not private property, people would cease from employing it on private business, or would communicate in cypher. Now, let it be supposed that all communications were in cypher, it is clear, then, that the correspondent would repose no confidence in the clerk, and the clerk would be under no bond of secrecy. There would be no more breaking of faith in handing the messages on demand to the Judge of the Supreme Court, than in handing to him one of the blank forms of the office. The one would be as intelligible as the other, and the Supreme Court would soon give up demanding such useless documents. But people who use the telegraph in the main do not correspond in cypher, they trust the good faith of the office ; they confide in the clerks-and is it right, we ask, that this act of confidence should expose their privacy to be invaded ? We should behave towards the office as though the correspondence passing though it were in cypher, as though the officials had no secrets to divulge, and as though it were unjustifiable to take advantage of the accidental circumstance of the telegrams being comprehensible to the , clerks. Again, let it be supposed that each person . needing one had a telegraph of his own, and kept his own records. In this case he would s be in the position of trusting tone one. His \- secrets would be in his own hands. There is t nothing remarkable in this. At one time ! everybody who found it worth while employed I , a private messenger. But notions of economy I and increase of intercourse have led to the i tubstitutjiQá.of',one, for early, and men agree to act in concert, on the understanding that the privacy of their messages is as much respected as though they were sent under cover. Copies are kept for the convenience of the writers, and may at any time he demanded by them, but by no one else. Again, we ask, does it not seem strange and unjustifiable that advantage should be taken of the accidental circumstance that men in this matter of telegraphing prefer to act in concert than individually The telegraph and postal systems are of the utmost importance to us ; they are necessary to the development of modern commercial and social life. Their success depends upon their efficiency, and one element of their efficiency is the T privacy. It is surely better to maintain these in full vigour than to destroy public confidence in them for the sake of getting at a few rogues. I . SUPREME COURT Business This Day - Jury Court Abbott v. Kidman, Thorne and others v '1 boroo, Maclean v Stuart and another, Moore and others v Allen. Banco Court Murphy v Vaux, part heard Mullen v Crawford assessment, Suttor v Bather , Now Firth v. Bank of New South Wales. Minister's Office 10.30 Hellyer and another v Druitt and others, to settle Assignment of course is nm Flood v Monash and others, to tax costs on appeal DIVORCE AND MATRIMONIAL CAUSES COURT -Tuesday, 19th May Before his Honor Mr Justice Hargrave Spiller, petitioner v Spiller, respondent and Bonnett, co- respondent, motion to diroctMasuca IMI-BOVHMEÎITS IN TELEGRAPHY. - It will be seen by one of our telegrams in to days ISBUO that the New Zealand 1 olegmph department Batt adopted the improvement known as the duplex instrument, by means of which messages can be sent both ways on the same wire at the same time it will be satisfactory to our readers to know that the improvement has been adopted in this colony for some time and i reparations made for working it on our main lines' Mr Cracknell has arranged to show and explain the apparatus at the conversion of the Royal Society's Wcewoa. day next The' ENCAMPMENT The Volunteer Encampment for IS"! will, this year, take place at Campbellfield small respects a more convenient locality than Richmond Common 1 hose Volnntui rs who intend to participate in camp life will proceed to the ground on Friday' evening. CAUTION AGAINST GAUROTERS -A correspondent wishes to advise persons who have business in the streets late at night, to take the precaution of walking in the middle of the road, and if possible to be accompanied by a good dog MAN RESCUED FROM THE WATERY correspondent says that the credit of rescuing the man from the water at the foot of Bathurst streets Sunday evening last, 18 due to a person named Graham, employed at the Anchor 1< Four Mills, and not to the police, as previously Blutcd A NARROW ESCAPE -On Thursday morning last, two gentlemen, Messrs Uhr and McDonald, went down the rocks at Ben Buckler (a v. well known fishing spot), situated between the South Head lighthouse and lionel i To reach the rock from which the party had to fish it is necessary to pass across sema heavy boulders, the francs being somewhat dangerous They had reached the top in safety, but a heavy sea suddenly Fit in, and their retreat Mas completely cut off The consequence of was they had to remain on the rock all night, but the next morning They were rescued by pilot Christison B ero*, with the assistance of pilot Creer, who, having accidentally heard of the dangerous position of the party, lowered a rope over the cliff and succeeded in getting both gentlemen safely landed. THE FATE! OF LEICHHARDT. Two or three weeks ago the public were informed that Andrew Hume had armed in Newcastle, from Sydney, with the intention, whetheraccompBnitd or unaccompanied byothorpowena, of regain travelling into the interior with the view of pro. i ming further evidence as to the fate of Leichhardt. Several persons have manifested a desire to join an expedition in search of remains of Leichhardt, and the Government has been appealed to to equip such expedition from a letter received yesterday by the Hon J Robertson, from the Under Secretary for Lands", it appears that the Government has no intention of equipping an expedition The following is a copy of the letter referred to - " Department of Land", Sydney, May, 1871 -Sir-in reference to the father of the 6th instant, presented by you on behalf of Mr J B. Scott, requesting information as to whether the Government are disposed to equip an expedition to search for remains of Leichhardt, I am directed to inform you that it is not the intention of the Government to equip an expedition for the purpose therein referred to I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, Vf Vf STKIHEV The Hon J. Robertson, MLA , Sydney ' 1ÎKNLVOLFÎ.T ASYLUM-An old member of the weekly committee sTates " The donation of fifty pounds per executor of the late Mr. Maurice Alexander, who for several years was the indefatigable zealous honorary treasurer to the Benevolent Asylum, speaks volumes for the excellent opinion the deceased gentleman had of this institution, and the executor himself was for years a member of the weekly committee The liberal donation is the more to be appreciated by the public because the donor was a Hebrew, and Israelites are never recipients of the charity The deceased gentleman attended the weekly committees regularly paid the greatest attention to the accounts and expenditure, in many instances reduced the latter by getting goods at invoice price, and is known to have saved the institution hundreds of pounds ' INTERCOLONIAL CHESS MATCH BY ELECTRIC TFLBOUU it - NEW SOUTH WALES V Sotiit AUSTRALIA The annual chess match between seven champions of the colony and an equal number of South Australian players will come off on the 25th instant The terms of the match for the same as those observed in the last contest, with the exception of an alteration in the time limit In the present match the players will be allowed two hours for thirty moves, instead two hours for twenty moves, which was the time adopted in the previous matches with South Australia. Mr V. Brown has been appointed to act as the representative for the South Australians in Sydney, and Mr W J. Cunningham has kindly consented to perform the same kind office on behalf of our players in Adelaide A meeting of the committee of the Chess Association of New South Wales IT is held last Thursday, at the Club Rooms, Courvoisier s Cafe King-street, when the following gentlemen were selected as the champions to represent Una colony in the above match, v i? Messrs. W Crane, jun , C M Fisher, C G Heydon, 1 J Ryan, W Ridley, jim , R. Smith, and H Wallach, with Mr V Brown as brat, and Mr J J Slade, a second emergency men The committee regret that they were unable to avail themselves of the valuable services of Messrs P B. Walker and F J Oibl> s, in consequence of their absence from 86 daily Duplicate boards will be provided, so as to enable visitors to watch the progress of the game? without interrupting the play cr< engaged in the match No person will be allowed access to the rooms occupied by the play ers ROCKY POINT -The lease of the Rocky Point toll-gate for the term of twelve months, was sold by the trUst. son Saturday last to Mr Thomas Turtle for the (sum of £221 10s, the lessee offering £230 for a further term of two of months This gate was established at the present site in the year 1871, when it realized only £185. 5 he steady increase in the value of since that time may be taken as an indication of the settlement and increasing prosperity of the district through which the road passes sir E T ._ . A J" I. ."» (-no those MARY LYNCH A correspondent writes what. he considers the sentence passed on Mary Lynch for an attempt to utter a forgery is very severe. The girl is about 13 years old, and he thinks justice) would have been satisfied by such a sentence as is sometimes given to hardened offenders from one to three months. CRICKET ARRANGEMENT A match has been arranged between the officers of H.M. ships Pearl, Child lenger and Dido, and the Darlinghurst Club for to-morrow, the 20th instant, on the Albert Ground. Wickets are to be pitched at 10.30. SYDNEY INFIRMARY Report for the week ending 18th May Admitted, 39 males, 3 females : total, 40. Discharged, 27 males, 10 females : total, 63. Died, 7 males, 2 females : total, J. Remaining in house, 132 males, 66 females: total, 138. Subscriptions, etc. re- ceived, £106 13s. 3d. MOORE PARK WATERHOLES correspondent suggests that these waterholes should be fenced in to pre- . vent cases of drowning. ERRATUM.-In the letter of "A Lawyer" published yesterday, the words to the Bench" have this vertently been inserted twice. They should be erased after the words " last Thursday." MARAVILLA COCOA. Tayl, Brothers (the '«««''"'¡J: facturers of Cocoa in Europe), Wine thecicliuivesoniayorirui unrivalled Cocoa?, invite comparison with any other cocoa 2 purity- fine aruma-sanatno, nutritive and sustaining power business of di*eBtton-and spirally, high delicious story'. of trial will establish It is a favourite borough for a""."". luncheon, and a swathing gnashing after a late evening. and Caution." Maravilla is Is a registered trade mark. . , MARAVILLA COCOA. The. Orsova says, "ESS Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough SLOCUM, and »»r*T"T every other cocoa In the market. Entire »o'»"1."*, No aroma, and a rare commander of the parent eTT*FJ nutrition, .tUtiagnlBh the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. ' Invalid and dyapeptU". we could not "°°m^"f a XioMviX uWc or valuable beverage- For further favourable opinions j . RTA aND. Ma.VI.SÜ EVER. BninsH MSPIOAI. J»»K^Ä".» IlOMÜ'OrATniC COCOA. his original P^W^^SE attained such a world-widerepntatioa, 12 ^¿"ffiKÄnistdÜ Bribery. under the ablest homoeopathic advioe.aW^bT was Hid inference of the inventors. and will be .'S^propert» MI rmuW degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious prap A CHOCOLATE, made TSS The above articles are prepared «clMirclybTTjW}¡¿ -taU only by.»««»»^^"^»»^^.""^.^'"»"^?»^». A in a.I. was'. . i'":.!'-'"1"1':.1'" THE NATIONAL POETRY AND MUSIC or iBULAwn -This was the title of an interesting lecture, delivered last evening in St Mary's Seminary, under the auspices of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society. The lecturer was Mr John G O'Ryan (Professor of Science and Languages - late of St. Mary's College, Ireland). There was an audience of between 200 and 300 persons, and the elixir was occupied by Do in M'Carthy The lecturer began by apologising for having undertaken such a subject, on the ground of its magnitude, and of its having already been tri at ed by several of his learned countrymen. Irishmen and every romance be proud of their national poetry and music, both of which had outlived the storms and troubles of centuries the Irish language was, he affirmed, that of the science and literature of Europe, when the Latin had long lost its purity, as the spoken language of Italy, and Greece no longer held that freedom for which her son had bled 'to the schools and collegiate establishments of Ireland flocked the inquires of Europe, and it was said that the ancient university of Armagh alone find 7f Oil matriculated students at one time. Aldfncd, who afterwards became King of the Northumbria at morn, and who BLcnt several joins of exile in Ireland, wrote a poem in the Irish language, in which he lauded the hospitality, morality and learning of the people who had afforded him a refuge The manuscripts extent showed that she at this period the Irish languorous second lonesome Europe in elegance and purity. They comprised elegance of diction which would remind the Cliismca! scholar of passages in the works of Homer, Virgil, and Horace He believed that the expressions of greeting and a income of an Irish peasant, care of the present day, would be found to furnishovidenco of the extent to which poetry stone intermixed with the speech of the Irish nation the Col (a combined a love poetry) with a love of music Diodorus Siculus, who wrote before the Christian era, had spoken of the people of Ireland as devoted to the worship of Apollo, the god of song , and had said that their nation was made up of priests and songsters Oeinldua Cain' rienBia, to come to a later period who not being an Irishman was not likely to be prejudiced in their favour, had admitted that Ireland hold the chief rank in music. Among the Irish, music was looked upon as an essential part of a warrior's education Mr O Flynn next proceeded to refer to the poets of Ireland The first he named was fat Columba, orlcolumktll, several of whose poems had been translated into English Scent of the monks of this age were poets and the monasteries were the nurseries of poetry as a class of general learning. He (Mr. O'ltianl had forecast the circumstance that during the wars of the Irish with the Danes, nearly every ancient Irish manuscript was dr stray ed, and what they left behind were not spared by the foes of Ireland who succeeded them Irishmen had thus to deplore the loss of nearly all the ancient manuscripts before the ninth and tenth centuries About the time of the Danish invasion, they had the "Roman ' tales which contained the record of the adventures in love and war of the renowned Finn Mac Cool The lecturer here treated his audience to a new solution of the Macpherson-Osaianic difficulty Mcpherson (Mr O Ryan said) had in the poems of Ossian robbed Ireland of these beautiful compositions, the h crown of which were Irishmen, while the events then illustrated had taken place in Ireland Inthe early part of the 13th century, when Ireland suffering from war, desolation, rapine, and all kinds of misfortune, were written the finest Irish airs, which for beauty and elegance had never been surpassed, including "Aileen Aroona and the " Last Rose of Summer The Irish bards existed as long as their countrymen were in the position to reward them for their skill, and when the Irish had no longer the means of doing so the birds disappeared. The lost of the bardic race was TurloughO Carolan, who died in 1791, in the 61st year of his age The lecturer after describing a harp still preserved, which is said to have belonged to Brian Bore he, said that besides the h are, the Irish used the pipes, clarion, fiddle, and drum One leading characteristic of Irish airs was the fact that there would be found in them the major GtU and the minor 3rd -that the airs were so arranged that the octave was divided into two parts one containing six, and the other three notes They would observe in nearly all Irish airs a very perceptible soft ups and mouinfulnoss-tho Hill' illustrating the feelings and condition of the Irish nation at the early pened at wl relates he had mentioned) so many of the Irish airs were composed After referring to the works, chiefly on sacred subjects, of an early rush poet named Donhutt O Dil}, the lecturer passed over set tral Irish poets of the 17th and 18th centuries, all of whom wrote in the Irish language, and who from the character of their contributions might be called the Hobart Burnsos of their country. The advent of Tom Moore endita reawakening effect as regarded the national music, was next sketched by Mr O'Ryan, who then alluded to the works of Gerald Griffin, Bemm, Thomas Davis, Deegan, James C Mangin, Ferguson, and Samuel Lover who had written antecedent to the '46 period The lecturer who stated that he could have said much more on the subject than time had permitted him to do, and that he might supplement the lecture at a future date, concluding his remarks by reciting extracts from some of the writ as just named It may be mentioned that Mr. O'Ryan's abilities as an elocutionist identity of a high order were frequently called into his own service and that of his audience, in giving specimens of the works of the various writers, to whom he found it necessary to refer in the course of his lecture He even sang with much skill one of Moore's poems The national airs of Ireland were, in addition, illustrated by specimens carefully and well sung by Miss Clara Lea and Mr Jackson Mrs Caldwell, who accompanied, played others of the airs of Ireland on the pianoforte A cordial vote of thanks to the lecturer brought the proceedings to a close THE EMERSON MINSTRELS This clever troupe of "nigger" melodies, who had recently at the School of Arts so long and so successful a run, are About to pay us another visit The company, comprising all the old favourites, will open on Friday at the School of Arts The performances are said to be " farewell" ones preparatory to the troupe leaving for America AMATEUR ATHLETIC CLUB - The annual general meeting of the Sydney Amateur Athletic Club will be held this opening, at the Oxford Hotel COLONIAL WINE IN EUROPE The Argus of Friday says that Mr J T. Fallon, wine merchant and vigneron, who has just returned to Melbourne from a visit to Europe, states that the prospects of the colonial wine trade there are very encouraging In consequence of the folly of some persons in Australia, who have sent wretched wine to the old country, a strong prejudice against our produce was created amongst the wine merchants of Loa on that, however, is gradually disappearing before the better samples which many, of our vignerons have forwarded, and Mr Fallon 11 of opinion that if the dole may vintages are fairly represented in the English market, the demand there will much exceed the supply Some of the leading merchants of London were surprised at the excellence of Mr tations samples They scarcely believed the colonies could pro duckwing at all approaching them in quick) He sold a quantity at prices which only European wines of lucknow lodgement could realize and he could have disposed of parcels in half a dozen different places but he thought it better to confine his sales to one firm Messrs Kinlock and Co , some merchants, of London Messrs i allorman and Co gave 0 him great assistance in bringing Australian wines before the public On one occasion he went with some land ng men to the cellar to see some casks of colonial wine opened which had just armed and the liquor almost appeared bright enough for bottling even then His companions stated that they never before saw wine arrive in such good condition Wines of his which he has been in the habit of selling here at 258 a dozen have been sold in L ndonat 4's But the commission agents export large profits and are not satisfied with any thing under 25 percent and nearly allowances have to pay 2s 6d per gallon duty in England Mr Fillou believes that he has now fairly opened up a market in England for Australian wines, and he himself has made arrangements to send home St) hogsheads a month to start with Ila visited Rev. eral of the wine producing districts of J France and Germany, and his in Election Hereof confirmed him in the bell of Hut this industry) is eminently adapted to the Australian climate the celebrated vineyards on the Rhine are scarcely producing one fourth of the average vintage in consequence, principally, of the frosts of last. June But the crop B there have been below the a\ orage since 1869 It seemed to him that the crops in some of the vine) area through which he went would not pay for the gathering or at all events that the gathering would not be considered worth undertaking here if the \1mj3 did not yield 1 butter The produce of many of these vineyards he estimated at 60 or 100 gallons per acre while here the yield ranges from 300 to 500 gallons per acre He did not see much of the ravages committed by thopln/lloxtia vastat) ix as he did not pass through the districts which have suffered most from tlusplhgue Radium, which has been trout feel them as well as here with sulphur, in being subjugated completely Mr Fallon, of course, visited the champagne, burgundy, and Bordeaux country, and passed through the Moot ind Chnndoncellais which he describes as truly wonderful Their length is 24 kilometre, or 16 miles Trio firm has, in fact, burrowed round the neighbourhood, and in some places there are Urne morE of cellars They confine the en- selves almost solely to bring must and making the wine indeed, to 0 great cellars of Europe have as a rule, little if any v Heard attached to them Mr Fallon also visited Hocdcrir Lind Madame Clquot s cellars at Rheims and the Chateau Margaux and Chateau Lafitte vine) yards, in Bordeaux DEATH OF A CHARTIST LEADERS Launceston journal states that Mr. Zephaniah Williams died at 11 a.m. on Friday, 8th May. Mr. Williams had come into town from his us at residence, with, his son-in-law. Mr. George Atkinson, of Latrobe, for the purpose of having a very serious operation performed in the hope of obtaining relief from pain caused by a complaint of long standing. The operation was performed at 3 o'clock on Thursday by Drs. Millar, Maddox, and sign, in the presence of three medical students Messrs. Miller, Robertson, and Thompson, now walking the General Hospital, Launceston. Mr. Williams had not strength to recover from the effects of the operation, and he Bask and died next morning. Mr. Williams was one of the celebrated Chartist, leaders, Frost, Williams, and Jones who dared to entertain and express claims to British liberty fune forty years in advance of the period for grant ing such demands. He has been a valuable colonist, always endeavouring to develop the mineral resources of Tasmania, and investing all his means towards that end, as wellasdovoting his time, skill, and experience to the same end. He was not the last of the celebrated Chartist leaders, OF Mr. Frost still survives, though he has reached ''ûB'ageçtOOyears. ;, ,,,.¿J _ ..'.' ! j THE NARANDERA MURDERS,. - At the We donga Police Court, on Thursday last (the Albury Banner states), a man named John Smith was brought up under warrant from Seymour, on suspicion of being identical with a person for whom the police have long been source ing. 'i lie person "wanted" for a man who was seen in stewpan with the brothers Pohlman on the day the murder occurred, and, from various circumstances, suspicion pointed to Smith as the man in question. The prisoner was a (march d to Albury, and brought before the local Bench on Friday morning. From the evidence then taken, and from the fact that the prisoner's appearance did not tally with the Police Gazette description, it has no clear that the wrong man had been apprehended, and the prisoner was discharged. It is rather a hard case for Smith, who has been brought all the way from Seymour, and has now to find its way back as best he may. BRANCH RAILWAY TO GUNDAGAI The Times of Saturday reports that a meeting was held in Gundagai on Wednesday last, for the purposes of considering the host linens of urging upon Government that the promised branch line to connect the town with the Great Southern Railway at the station to be formed at Cootamundra should be proceeded with as soon as possible Mr. Rose, P.M., occupied the chair, and the following resolutions were carried : " That, as the extension of the Great Southern Railway from Yass to Cootamundra, and thence to Wagga Wagga, is to to at once proceeded with this meeting is of opinion that the Government should now be urged to fulfil their promise of constructing a branch line from the proposed Cootamundra station to Gundagai. 2\. That this meeting considers the expense will be saved, and the general interests of the public and of the residents in this vicinity will be best promoted by the construction of this branch line being carried out simultaneously with the extension or the main trunk line. 3. That the inhabitants of Tumut and Adelong, whose interests in this matter are identical with those of Gundagai, be invited to co-operate in the movement." HOUSE BLOWN DOWN During the storm of Monday, 11th instant (says the Braidwood Dispatch), the house occupied by Mr. John Cunningham, on the Shoalhaven River, at Warra, was lifted up bodily by the wind, and its fragments scattered in all directions. The gale, which had a clean sweep across Fox's paddocks, came over the river with such fury that nothing that was within its circuit could withstand its force, and trees upon trees are now lying in heaps across the Colombo road at this side of Mrs. l'ojnc's, "Warri Inn, to which Cunningham's family had to fly for refuge when their domicile was carried SINGULAR ACCIDENT AND NARROW Escura - On Monday afternoon (says the Maitland Mercury) a young man named Joseph Hedges, son of Mr. Stephen II edges, of Hillborough, w s riding homewards, when the violent storm we have already recorded overtook him The great wind tore the leaves and boughs of the trees off and a large limb came crashing down upon the head of Hedges' horse, killing it instantaneously!) The young man, how ever escaped with a violent bruise on the thigh, caused by a blow from the falling wood, which drove a in the box in his pocket violently against the flesh the wood fell all round him, and, when he came to himself, be found that he was in the centre of about 50 tons of broken timber, none of which, except that which bruised his thigh, had touched him DESPATCHES TO COLONIAL GOVERNORS The Melbourne J cadet of Saturday last observes -" Sir James Fergusson, the present Governor of New Zealand, was understood to be regarded as the beau ideal of a governor in the estimation of the Colonial Office When he left ' South Australia, instead of going direct to the seat of his new government, he went to England, where he was housed by old Parliamentary friends, patted affectionate ly on the back by the Colonial Minister of the day, and permitted to enjoy himself in the land of her nativity as long as it pleased him We mention this because all colonial Governors do not obtain such latitude, and because it indi- cad is that Sir James L Fergusson is more apparent with the Colonial Office than is perhaps any other representative of the Queen in these colonies Are we to suppose that Sir James improved his visit to England by bringing back with him notions that smack of the flavour of Downing-street in the old days His Excellency has 1 lately discovered that despatches sent from one colony to another should be sent from and to the Governor of such colonies, and not from and to Ministers carrying on the Government there. In other words Sir James-. Fergusson invites his gubernatorial brethren to join with him in insisting that a practice which dates from the inauguration of responsible government here shall be discontinued The proposal, it need hardly be said, has been scouted b) 15th Mr Francis and Mr Parkes, and it in reasonable m believe that in all the other colonies it will be rejected in an attempt to override con constitutional rights by a Govern r who has clowlynot properly) acquainted himself with the terms of his com UllSSlOt ." A STRANGE FAMILY The Geelong Advertiser relates the following -Our readers will, no doubt, hive until ed the FS called sheep stealing; cases not be Patter- son and at the same time will have learned the unanimous testimony given in favour of the prisoner, both by witnesses and the gentleman who, by virtue of his position, was c m pelled to take the part of prosecutor Lo Patterson is a tall, gaunt half-year, old looking man, so miserably clothed as to be scarcely decent, but well-known in Geelong as a hard-working, honest man, but somewhat deficient in intellect v. wood-carting was his employment, and after returning from town to his home in the neighbourhood of the You Yangs, neighbours depose to hearing his axe on the mountain until midnight Thus his days, months, and years passed Taking his load of wood into Geelong, bringing back what stores he could obtain Taking his frugal meal, most frequently bread and water, and then betaking himself to the forest to provide his next day's load of wood A family of eight children, all under thirteen years of age, looked up to this over- wrought and half-starved frame for support, whilst the mother, without either nurse or doctor was again just confined Not the glimmering of education was to be dis- cerned amongst this darkened throng of human intelli- gences, and even the compulsory clause of the new Education Act would prove inoperative, if for no other reason, from the fact that no school exists within the prescribed distance When questioned as to the food they (got, the children stated that they had not tasted meat for nearly a week Milk they never bad, and butter was a luxury rarely seen, so that dry bread and cold water was the principal face of this family. It is scarcely necessary to continue the description Poverty and dirt, as complete as can be imagined, pervaded the whole Clothes or bedding the fan He) had none, and so shocked was the nominal prosecutor with the miserable state of the prisoner, that from the police court he took him to a clothing store and there and then provided for his wants "What characterises this case is the strict integrity of the man, accompanied with constant reading of the family Bible,unwear) ing work, uncomplaining acceptance of the hardest fare, and that of insufficient quantity , the want of every requisite of civilisation without the advent of despair As at once an explanation and an excuse for Lo Patterson, it n ac be said that his ideas with respect to his own interest are simplicity itself. It is thus imagined that he may not at all times have received full value for his wood, but even if he did, what is the price of one small load of wood a day to keep eight children and two adults ten in all, besides the horse We have but faintly reproduced the feelings of pain and sorrow with which the narrative, as told to us, was clothed Only that truth is stranger than fiction, and that unfortunately the circumstances above related are ml) foo due, we should have been inclined indignantly to den that such object poverty could possibly exist RAILWAYS IN RIVERINA. In commenting on the land laws of the colony, the Southern Argus says of the proposal to construct a railway from Moama to Deni- liquin :-" Now is the proper time to determine whether control over Riv< rind shall at some future time be relinquished by the Government of New South Wales; for if it is resolved to the contrary, then more effectual means should at once be adopted for checking the policy of the Victorians, which aims at extending their territory from the banks of the Murray as far us the Murrumbidgee) River. Systematically, Melbourne merchants and politicians have worked to secure an influence over that part of the country, and constantly incre.asing facilities have been afforded the inhabitants for entering into business relations with the chief city of Victoria instead of with Sydney. two railways have been constructed as far as they could be carried d Without trespassing on the territory of New South Wales s and, when stopped by the boundary line of the two colonies, a scheme was concocted for continuing one of the railways further into the interior of the country desired to be appropriated, by obtaining the sanction of the Legislature of this colony to certain private individuals forming fifty miles of railway from Deniliquin to Moama, where it would become connected with the Victorian Government line at Echuca. Wo denounced that scheme from the outset, knowing that the intentions of the pro n others were not stated honesty to the Legislature. The bill, however, was passed in Parliament, and now the morning of the project makes the intentions apparent, for it is actually proposed that the Victorian Government shall purchase and openly work this fifty miles of railway in view South Wales territory when completed." SCARCITY OF HORSES IN INDIA. The Pall Mail Uiitette days: Horses are becoming scarce in India, although there are in that country the largest breeding establishments in the world, and, according to the Friend of India, the dearest. The first attempt at horse-breeding by the English in India was made in 1791, when a stud was established in Bengal. Under native rule Large troops of horses had been maintained, and various breeds were 1 ceJtbiated. So soon, however, as law and order took the place of chronic warfare the horse supply of India diminished, and at last it was found difficult to obtain sufficient for the cavalry force. The Government then determined on establishing studs, which have gone on increasing at a great cost ; but at present the price of a troop horse, it is stated, amounts to no less than 100 rupees, need only BOO horses can be supplied annually to the Bengal army. India depends entirely on a foreign supply, the once fmiimiB Bheenia Tbnroo mare Had the Kattywar horse bring almost extinct. A commission is now visiting the various studs throughout the country, and it is hoped that something definite and not outrageously expensive will be done to improve the system which has been so costly that ney other State but England would have given it up in despair. In India, however, if the worst comes to the worst, there is the elephant to fall back upon, whereas we have nothing at home to depend upon, when our hopes are extinct, but fashions, and it seems probable that, under present arrangements, by means of railroads, man china It will soon become extinct,; requiring only just a sufficient number of hearse horses to convey his remains decently a ' '^«^'¿'V.',".:.,',;",', ,,. , .. i ill j 