TELEGRAPHIC SUMMARY. London, 4tli September. .ine mismanagement 01 tne racilio mail service excites serious misgivings. The agents have for two months declined to book passengers through to Australia, according to letters of complaint. The San Francisco agents refused to endorse the railway tickets of passeugers from Australia per Tartar although they had prepaid their fares to Liverpool. They endured great hardships, and some were compelled to pawn their watches and other valuables to get on ; others are still detained in America. From explanations it appears that tho London and American agents had warned the company's representative in Australia that unless funds to pay the transit acrossthe United Statesond Atlantic passages were remitted they couldnot guarantee passengers going forward. The agents' letters were acknowledged, but no money was sent. An oiler has been made to the Governmentsat Sydney and New Zealand to take over the contract and continue the service, in consideration of an extension of time and other advantages. Without prompt action the service will cease. An cx-M.P., writing to the Times, sug gests that the self-supporting colonics should bear the expenses of vessels of tbe Imperial navy cruising in their waters. It is the practice of Dutch colonies. The press generally thinks it worthy of imitation. H.M. sloop Sappho is to bo immediately commissioned for service on the Australian stations. The Secretary for the Colonies has agreed to act in arbitration between British Colum bia and tbe Dominion of Canada for the set. tlement of tho disagreement respeetiog the terms of union, provided that both Go vernments agree to accept his decision us final. Sir H. Holland has resigned the assistant under-secretaryship of the colonies, and is the Conservative candidate for Midhurst. In his published address to the electors he strongly ndvocated a closer connexion be. tween England and her colonies as being ad- vantaeeous to both. Upon his return from Ireland, Sir 0. Gavan Dully visited Lord Carnarvon at High Acre. Win. Hopwood, who was a witness in tho m 1.1 Vina hftATl Rrntencpd to ft XlUllUlMlie Gttoet _ year's imprisonment for bigamy. The clai mant's late secretary applied for a summons against Mary Ann Loder for perjury, and the applicant was referred to the Court ot Queen's Bench. . Mr. Sothern has relinquished the idea ot visiting Australia. ... .. The project has been revived for erecting a permanent building for tbo colonial exhi bition. The right hon. H. C. E. Childers has been nominated chairman of tho Great At estern Railway of Canada. . The labor market still remains in a highly inflamed condition, and the wages question provos difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affecting 40,000 persons, after lasting eight weeks, was terminated on the 26th August, by submission to the masters' terms. On the same day, at a meeting at tended by 12,000 persons, some qunrrymcn, near Bethesda, it was agreed to accept con cessions offered by Lord Penrhyn, subject to tho dismissal of two obnoxious agents, and minimum weekly wages to be 30s. to skilled men. These conditions being refused, the men have cleared out tbeir tools from tho quarry. Tho minors of Fifeshire and Clack, mannansbire having refused tosubmit to a re. duction of IS per cent., the masters havo de. creed a general lock-out. Tho men, however, are not agreed ; 2100 voted for resistance, and 1154 for an acceptance of tho terms, 3300 have not voted, and secession from the union is probable. In AA'est Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire and Durham, notices of reduction have been given by colliery owners. A similar movement is impending in Northumberland. The Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of reduction to arbitration in Lon don and tho decision affirmed the demands of the employers for 12J per cent, rebate- mcnt. Somo Leicestershire miners liave struck against the reduction of Gd. per day. After protracted resistance and several con ferences the South Wales niiuers agreed to submit to 10 per cent, reduction, on condition that the wages are not again lowered during the present year. The bulk of locked-out lnborers have obtained work without surrendering their tickets at improved wages. Any aged mon, how ever, V joining the union, will have to enter workhouses. The lock-out lasted eighteen weeks, and cost the union £25 000. 400 men have emigrated, and 870 have returned to work without giving up their tickets, and about 400 arc sti 1 un- emnloved. The pilgrim band Imally broke up at Halifax, only 21 of tho original ny remaining. At Bradford some were arr«W on a charge of begging. About £i 00 w ClThedQuecn remains in Scotlaud tiilSo- vcmber. On his return from Iceland fta Danish King visited Edinburgh, where he experienced an enthusiastic w'c'n ' jt fleet of fourteen ateamers went out to cscort the Royal party, and the city was g y decorated in honor of the Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to Copenhagen. , -i. t.fl3 The Prince of VN ales, meanwhile, figured in a series of festivities at tocelebrato the opening of the new On M Hall, costing £400,000. On was a grand Freemasons demonstration, anu on the closing day a military c?"-mory the performance of The Creata Guild Hall. The Prince arm ed at Mar borough House on the 22nd, ? tllc day visited the Empress of Austria, an Prince and Princess of Rouman.V and tbe Prince of the Asturias. The fne i y children left the same day in the yacht 0 being banqueted at Brussels, reached FolU stone 20th August, on their reffirn from a continental tour. The town wasdeeoratedana an address of welcome was presenWW h ave been since at Balmoral. On t - ISMS ''Emperor of Austrir t England incognito to join the Empress iu ISThe Count de Jarnae has been appointed . French Ambassador in London. j Two new bishops, St. Davids andCeh W Africa, were consecrated on A g Westminster Abbey by the Archbishop ot ThfSIStawe being iufficient topmvc KSsaEMKSSk'-— 'iMriadstone, in a letter to the Guardian, denies t .8mQacen bad triously propagated tha' tbe.> con8uct en deavored to influence Reguls- with regard to the Public Worship Kegu Tbeversal by the DeanofArchosoi this Bishop of Exeter s judgment in Exeter Reredos case excites much interest XheTrLtupof the Ashantee monsrehy. lis quickly following on th "Vfeving '.The Kings of Djuabrn and Beequ? b S Declined to renew their .Jritrih Ad- Coffee, he for assist- i ninistration at Gape Coast , tnce, and the situation is further lomp , file hostile kings have been 'iDDort by tbe chief of Akimand rtara Captain Lees having gone to Coo- So io mediate, has been well re- . r—neron. in a letter to tbe r il office has declared that the slave flourishes in a belt of juoS 1; Tbout » week's march from the East In order to destroy tbo traffic he re- mends tbe construction of a railroad from STmSScjiji, under tbo protection of ih"-sbarebolder in the Metropolitan Railway Company, has written , ' the chairman, recommending more mode- ratefsres, and the substitution of two classes U nasseiigers for three ; to minister to the wants of tbo greatest number he regards "nerlare indications of a revival of Libe- J courage and unity ; three demonstrations have taken place at Fronta, Bnghton and Sheffield, at which places spirited addresses rere delivered by Mr. Goschen and Air. I 'professor Tyndall, the president, deli- I vered the inaugural address before the British Association. He demanded absolute I liberty for scientific investigation, and the submission of all religions theories, schemes I <nd systems to its decisions. He was I afterwards ably supported by Professor I KThe! Welsh National Eistedfodd has I been bt Id at Bangor, and attracted an im- I mense audience. The Bishop of Bangor pre- zjea. A Welsh oration was delivered by I Mr Morgan Lloyd, AI.P. In tho choral competition for forty guineas and a gold nedal, the prize was won by the Carnarvon I philharmonic Society. Other gold and silver I ceMs were competed for. The meeting rill be held next year in Conway C'aatle. I An association is being formed in London I lo prosecute ritualistic clergymen under the I 1 An exciting controversy inimical to the po- pebritv of the English Church has been pro- I voted Bv tho refusal of a clergyman, enp- I ported liy the Bishop of Lincoln, to permit I the word " reverend" to ho inscribed on the I tombstone of a daughter of a Wesleyan I minister. The subject was brought beforo I tbe conference during the recent sittings. Archbishop Taits, S.G.O., in the Times, and H ether correspondents, condemn the bitter in- I tolerance of the sacerdotal party. I The Henry-Martini rifle is about to bo issued to the army without delay, and nrmo- I lies arc being manufactured at Woolwich I sufficient to hold 100,000 new weapons. I The frightful increaso of crimes of a I bratal character, and especially kicking to I death, is provoking an indignant outory I against the absurd leniency of the punish- meats inflicted, and even magistrates declare I that the savage ferocity gaining ground must be met by repressive legislation. H Cremation gains ground in European opinion, while in America German societies ire springing up for burning the dead. On Saturday, 22nd August, tho great I hosiery factory of Alessrs. Alorley, at 9 Sirinton, near Nottingham, was burnt down, H tad £10,000 worth of property destroyed. 00 persons were thrown out of employment. Incendiarism is suspected. Early on Sunday norning Messrs. Hichardson's large paper- H rills, near Jarrow-on-Tyne, were consumed. H He estimated damnge is £60,000. On H JInnday an extensive conflagration oc- tarred iu Southampton docks, resulting in the destruction of the range of build- I inga occupied by the iloyal Alail Com- piny, and used as workshops. Tho loss is estimated at several thousand pounds. I On Tuesday a lire broke out in the top floor of the South Prison, at Ghisgow. The I llames were not subdued until tho west wing was gutted. (In the 10th August, owing to I the ignition of a thatched stack, a considor- I able part of the town of Alarket Harborough was bnrr.cd down. A destructive fire oc- curred at ATr. Gresty's timber-yard, Alan- I Chester; the loss was £40,000. Sir Arthur I UuinnesaVextcnsive porter stores at Shannon Harbor have been totally destroyed by fire. I The reconstruction of tho Pantechnicon in tight separate sections, and provided with double wrought-iron doors, is rapidly pro- H cenling. Pour lives were lost by a colliery explosion H near llaulcy, caused by the exposure of a naieil caudle by accident to the winding pear at the pit's mouth. At Broadoak Col- H iery, iu Wales, 120 men wore confined in H If pit nearly two days. H Two more lives wore sacrificed by a colli- ton between two mineral trains on tbe Ehymney railway, near Dowlais. One heavy train dashed down a steep incline into ono- I tber standing at the station, killing the I driver and stoker. A terrible tragedy oecured at the Princess I Club, Manchester, on 25th August, whore a I young merchant named Barge, after shaking I hands with another named Alaclean, shot I him dead and then instantly slew himself. I A verdict of temporary insanity was re. turned. I After a fortnight's search the body of Air. I Wilton, a master of a London ladies' school, I lost on Snowdon on 11th August, was found at the foot of a precipice. Another master I has been drowned at Whitby. TheMursey Docks and Harbor Board have intimated to the gas company that they hold I them responsible for the destruction of the I landing stage, . through the carelessness of ono of their plumbers. I A Chilian iron-clad, built at Earlo's yard, I at Hull, and designed by Air. Hoed, has make a successful trial trip Mr. I'ugin continues his attacks, and during a hearing at Bow-street on the B libel charge brought against the proprietor fl of the I IV.-'m !?>>/(?' Gu'ette, a writ was H, served on Mr. Herbert at the suit of Air. Pupii, which provoked a disorderly Scene in B court, and scandalised the magistrate. Air. Pugin has been committed for trial for libel, H and bail accepted. The Liverpool Leader has been mulcted in H £2500 damages for alleged libel in exposing the rottenness of a public Bupply association, H ltd one farthing in another action, for con- homing the management of the Liverpool leatre Royal. Mr. Wormald, of Lincoln College, sue- sds Mr. Staunton as editor of the chess cluran in the Illustrated News. The Aloxandra Park Races were attended H iy 25,000 persons ; the fields wer eexeellent. Siddlcr has accepted the challenge of George Brown, of Novo Scotia, to row- for £100 and the championship of the world. The date of tho race is 19th October, at tolcraine, Ireland. In the International University Boat Race, (utile Dee, between Ahordeon and lEdin- Asrgh, the former won by a length. The Great Northern Leger at Stockton vis won by Trent, by half a length over flostrevor, and at Oxford the Princess of Wales' s l'late was won by Cranbonrne, tad Wild Alyrtle won the Oxfordshire Stakes. _ A ladies' cricket match has been played in Bucks between two elevens. The Nash Indies in one innings scored 115, against SO in their opponents' two innings. One lady contributed 61 runs. A cricket match at Brighton, between Sussex and Notts, ended in a decisivo victory for Sussex. At the regatta of the Royal Victoria i sent Club, the Commodore s Cup was Won by St. Ursula, and tho Vice-Commo- dorcs Cup by the cntter Cythera. The Lgeria again won the Princess of Wales's Challenge Cup. A railway to the summit of Mount I csuvius is projected. Etna is in eruption. Brigandage is assuming dangeiouB propor- passenger rates have been raised on the American and Canadian lines. An advance in freights will follow on 25th August. A swimming race for the amateur cham- P - ll England took place at the 'elan Harp, Hindon. Six men swam one tale in still water, and H. Davenport won re.- > 'u 31 min. 9 sec. uuvalrouB won the Great Ebor Handicap -takes at York, Blantyre was second, iorouse third. At Baden Baden the Grand Prize was won "yrrince Hohenlohe's Maestro, tar Huddersfield, Jupp's Eleven, with two anuim, were beaten by a twelve of Laa- ales.haU' in ono innings. In the return ten between Sussex and Gloucestershire, , ktter made 412 runs in one innings, second 38 in one inningB and part of a A disenssion has taken place in tho Lon- on papers relative to emigration, prin- i» iv m- ' "A Bohemian" published the some doleful letters on his ex igence and observations in the United taieSx,andT,Canada. whicli elicited replies in Air. Edward Jenkins, the Rev. Mr. bou'9 aud other promoters of emigra- .ta iPvaa?c!pWan.S0C1'ety. established to .. englishmen in distress, recommends temporary suspension of emigration' to America, and is helping hundreds to return, ine cruel misrepresentations of agents in gland are strongly denounced, and arti- especially are warned against leaving England, The quality of men sent out is much complained of in Canada.' The Times pronounces against Canada on account of the severity of the climate, and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in preference ; yet large cargoes are still being shipped off. Five hundred laborers and their families left last week, and tbo agricultural strike having collapsed, Air. Arch threatens wholesale deportation to Canada. Air. Taylor, secre tary, has gone over on a tour of inspection. Irish immigration has greatly declined. One hundred and thirty immigrants from Shet land havo left in the steamer Schiller for New Zealand. Eighty deceived immigrants havo just returned from Brazil to Berlin in a wretched condition. A resolution bns been passed for winding up the Blinsuan Consolidated Copper-mining Company. The Bank of Australasia has paid a second dividend of 51 per cent. The Van Diemen's Land Company have decided to construct a tramway through Emu Bay block. Tallerman's Aleat Agency Company has declared another dividend of 10 per cent. A confercnoe of Liberals is to bo hold in London in November, on the subject of Electoral Reform, to urgo uniformity in the suffrage for counties and boroughs, and the extension of the franchise with equality of representation, to be secured by a redistribu tion of seats. Mr. Laird, member for Birkenhead, is seriously ill. A number of English Catholic ladies are preparing an address of sympathy to the ladies of Alunster, Germany, for bravely testifying their devotion to the imprisoned bishop. A meeting of Catholics will shortly beheld in London to sympathise with the persecuted bishops and clergymen in Germany. Tho Hospital Sunday Collections amount to £30,000. A meeting of Orangemen expressed satis faction at Air. Disraeli supporting the Public Workshop Bill, and pronounced against Ritualism. A monument to Wm. Tyndal is proposed to be erected in St. Paul'a Cathedral at a cost of £10,000. Jackson was executed at York for the mur der of his sister. Twenty thousand personB paraded the streets and suburbs of Dublin at tho Homo Rule- manifestation. Air. Butt addressed a monster meeting at Al onnglian, and suid that he believed a nation like England would grant to the Irish people the right.to manage their own affairs. The Empress of Russia proceeds to the Isle of AYight in November to attend the accouchement of the Duchess of Edin burgh. Adyices from Germany report a serious split in the Ultramontane camp, and a re action in favor of ' the Government policy. An address of sympathy, largely signed, has been forwarded to Prince Bismarck. Rumors are in existence of a widely spread conspiracy to assassinate Prince Bismarck. He and Count Moltke accompany the Emperor on a visit to Italy. Garibalui is indisposed, but now better. The Pope continues to refrain from ap. pearing in public religious ceremonies. Eleven persons are missing, nnd twenty are supposed to bo drowned through tho burning of a cotton-laden steamer on the Ohio River. London, 5th September. A meeting of Lancashire manufacturers was held to initiate a Bhort hours move ment. AI. Chambordy has been appointed French ambassador at Aladrid. A gale on the coast of Newfoundland caused, an interruption to all tho cables. Obituary. — Alderman Challis, Lieute nant-General Sir Jas. Lindsay, tho Baro ness Berners, from a fall from horseback ; Robert Ily, horse trainer ; Sackvillo Lane Fox, J. F. Fisher, railway manager ; Lady Lees, Lady W. Russell, Viee-Admiral Castle, Sir F. Kemp, of Norfolk ; Rev. F. C. Ewalil, missionary among the Jews ; Ad- miral Clrargneau, by the accidental discharge of a revolver while cleaning it ; Forcade do la Rouquette, ex-Bonapartist Alinister ; Rev. James Shore, who was prosecuted by Bishop Philpotts twenty-five years ago, by a fall from liis horse ; Rev. Henry Jenking, Oxford ; Sydney Dobell, poet ; Frederick Alorin, on the staff of the Rappoi ; Lord Bellow's son and heir, by suicide ; Air, Betty, formerly known as the young Roscius ; Kenny Aleadows, artist ; Hugh Gladstone, nephew to the ex-Premier ; J. H. Foley, sculptor, who was interred in St. Paul's Cathedral ; Garth Alarshall, of Leeds, by falling into a crevasse on Alont Blano ; Countess of Alount Edgecombe ; nnd Dr. Tighe, Dean of Derry. 