THE ESTIMATES OT EXPENDITURE. The Estimates laid before Parliament on Wednesday derive special interest from the fact that they embody the proposals of the Government in reference to the Civil Service and foreshadow the Ministerial poHcy upon education, roads, and other matters which intimately concern the public well-being. As mentioned elsewhere, the total amount of the appropriations recomtrrnded in His Excellency's message is £815,790. Towards this aggregate the department Legislature contributes £10,295. The increases include an advance of £100 each in the annual a"owances to the President of the Council and the Speaker of the Assembly. No corresponding change has been made in the salary of the clerks, but it is proposed that £150 should be granted as a recognition of the services of the officers of the Lower House in preparing an Index of Ac is. The amount set down under the head " Civil Establishments" is £33,795. This embraoes no less than seventeen departments, all of which are to benefit, more or less, by the of the liberality Government in the matter of augmentation of salary. It would be mpossible to enumerate the whole of the alterations recommended, but some of the more prominent may be mentioned. The Chief Secretary hsi provided himself with an extra clerk at £100 a year; the Deputy Auditor- General is to receive a well-earned advance of £100; the Sherifi has been promoted from £500 a year, with allow ance3 in his capacity of Comptroller of Convicts, to £700 without that extra; the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages will have £100, the Government Printer £50, and the Under Treasurer £100 added to their salaries. The Government would probably find a difficulty in explaining why the last-mentioned office shcfuld have a higher emolument attaching to it than the offices of Secretaries to responsible Ministers. The Chief Secretary has taken compassion upon the Agent-General and his pertinacious advocates, and besides raising his salary from £900 to £1,000—an amount not at all too high for the position—has given him a Secretary and Assistant at £5'J0, and added a round hundred to the pay of his second clerk. A clerk h?.s also been appointed to the Immigration Department, at the rate of £200 a year. These additions to the staff, if they do not ensure efficiency in the discharge of agency and immigration business at home, will, it is to be hoped, tend to Btem the tide of complaint which flows so uninterruptedly from Great George-street and its precincts. It is proposed to give an extra hundred a year to the official heads of the Crown Lands, Publio Works, and Law Officers' Departments, and £600 is set apart for provicQngan establishment for the sixth Minister, .whose title has not yet been determined. The Chief Inspector of Sheep, the Director of the Botanic Garden, the Master of the Supreme Court, the Registrar-General of Deeds, and the Gold-Fields Warden are each to be awarded a £50 increase, and the modest sum of £100 has been appropriated for gold prospecting. No sum is set down for continuing the extension of the Botanic Garden, but a grant of £1,000 towards which £400 is to be saved out of the general vote for contingencies, is proposed for the erection of a new palm-houce. The Commissioner of Insolvency is recommended for an increase of £200, and the generality of the Stipendiary Magistrates are to be allowed £50 each extra. A Magistrate at £400 a year is moreover to be stationed in the Northern Areas. The Police Department has allotted to it a sum of £45,633, or £1,089 in excess of the current provision. Of this latter amount £100 goes to raise the salary of the Commissioner. It is estimated that Gaols and Prisons will absorb £11,690—a small advance upon the to'cal for the preceding twelvemonth—and that Charitable Institutions will require a vote of £52,077 as against £24,508 for the half-year ending with June. The increase includes an additional allowance of £50 a year to the Vaccination Officer, £100 a year to the Senior Bonce-Surgeon of the Hospital, £50 a year to the Resident Medical Officer of the Lunatic Asylum, and £50 to the Chairman of the Destitute Board. In this latter department there is expected to be a net eaving of a few hundred pounds. The Board of Health, which is numbered amongst Charitable Institutions, is expected to entail an annual cost of £1,662. The Superintendent of the Adelaide Cemetery is to have his salary raised by £50, and the Sab-Protector of Aborigines by £20. Various trivial increases under the head Volunteers and Government Store will advance the yearly outlay upon the military defences of the -province to the extravagant total of £890! From the form as«uned by the estimates for the Education Department it is tolerably evident that the Ministry have either no intention of introducing or else no expectation of passing during the present session a Bill remodelling the system of public education now in force. It is proposed to place at the disposal of the Board a sum of £37,984, being an increase for the twelvemonth at the rate of £13,174. Of this £5,000 is to go towards augmenting the stipends of teachers, £2,000 towards the erection of a traifciag school houee Tor teacLers and book depot, £2,000 for the payment of pupil teachers, and £3,000 towards meeting the expenses of erecting schoolhouaeB within municipalities. Two Inspectors of Schools are to have £3S0 each, and the other £450. The Chairman of the Board is to cease to receive fees, and in lieu thereof an allowance of £100 a year is to be granted him. Under the head Institutes we look in vain for evidence of au intention on the part of the Government to give immediate effect to the report of the Commission which recently closed its labours. The provisioa for country Institutes is to be raised from £1.500 to £3,000, and £500 is to be set apart " towards the formation of a Free Library of Reference at, the South Australian Institute," but beyond that nothing is to be done For the Postal and Telegraph Department is set down the enormous sum of £95,042, being £7,673 in excess of the vote for the current year. Rather less than half of this increase goes towards salary account, the bulk of the remainder being thus appropriated—£1,795 to . the conveyance of inland mails and ship mail gratuities, £500 to additions and repairs to telegraph lines generally, and £1,000 to the maintenance of the Port Darwin line—the total amount appropriated to this last-mentioned service being £8,000 for the twelvemonth, not to mention £6,000 set apart for the payment of clerks, messengers, linemen, and labourers as . required. The proposed vote for the Customs Departm* nfc is £11,051, the increase being £1,566, of which £50 is to be applied towards augmenting the salaiy of the Collector. The Marine Board is expected to absorb £17,702—a much smaller sum than last year. Amongst the special itemB we find £50 as a fmther addition to the salary of the President, £60 placed to the credit of the Harbour-Master's salary, £600 for the hulk at Glenelg, and £1,500 towards obtaining fittings and stores for the Government steamer recently purchased in Sjdney. In the Engineer's Department important changes are to be effected. The Chief Assistant Engineer is to receive an increase of £100, and three new appointments are to be made. First, of an Assistant Engineer at £500; secondly, of an Assistant) Engineer for the South-East, who is to receive £500 and two forage allowances; and thirdly, of an extra clerk at £160. The chief alteration in the Architect's Department consists in raising the salaiy o£ the head of it from £350 to £500. Th« Secretary of the Central Read Board , is ta have his pay increased by £50, and to be supplied with a second clerk at £100. Tb« Superintending Surveyors are to have-advances corresponding with that of the Secretary. The total amount recommended for expenditure upon Public Works is £209,783, the provision for main roads bang limited to £90,000. This is a material improvement upon the annual vote for two or three years past; but the sum named falls far short fit th« country's requirements. The estimate for Railways and Tramways has crept up ta £137,402—an amount which will with difficulty be made np this year. It must be understood, however, that this includes grants foi- material and for maintenance of lines. The Waterworks Department claims the control over the expenditure of £14*755, and the Survey and Crown Lands Office of £27,724, being an increase of £4,883. Amongst the miscellaneous items we find an entry of £100 in lieu of honse t« the Surveyor- General, thus raising his salary to £1,050 a year. The Department of this Valuator of Runs has to rest satisfied with an addition of £70 to the amount of £1,77# customarily aet ""apart for it. The provision for Retiring Allowances and Gratuities has leapt from £3,000 or £4,000 a year t* £10,220, the advance being accounted for by the fact that a sum has to be set apart for distribution amongst Government officer* on account of the first half of 1S74. Oca thousand pounds is provided to meet interest and exchange charges, £27,752 to cover miscellaneous votes, and £35,000 to bring out immigrants. Of this latter sum £30,000 is specifically dedicated to assisted immigration, the remainder being available " for the introduction of immigrants." MAJOR WARBCRTON.—It will be seen from our European telegrams that an anticipation that was expressed by several speakers in the course of yesterday's debate upon the motion for voting a monetary recognition of Major Warburton's services - as an explorer has already to some extent been realized. The scientific men of England have determined to do honour to the man who has been the first to lead a party acrosa the Australian Continent from the centra to the western coast, by presenting him with the Victoria Medal of the Royal Geographical Society. This is a reward which Major Warburton on account of his contributions to the general knowledge of the geography of this country well deserves. He has explored a hitherto unknown and- untrodden portion of the country, and the British savans have 4OM a graceful tiling in promptly recording their Btnee of theimportanceof the work performed- Mr. Hughes's motion, asking that a sum of £2,000 be placed upon the Estimates as -a public acknowledgment of the gallant Major's labours met with much the Eame reception that similar proposals have had accorded to them in past years. It was carried, but. not without a lengthy debate, which afforded opportunity for the expression of oontidera'b.c difference of opinion as to what was best to be done. There can be ho doubt that it would have been better hactthe matter been left in abeyance until the journals and maps of the expedition were placed in the hands of the Government, so that they might have initiated the necessary vote. However, as it is, the assurance has been jiiven that those documents . will he resented to the publio forthwith, and f 'arliament has agreed to an amended proposition, which provides for the Major receiving a bonus of £1,000, and his party one of £500. This is certainly a meagraenough recognition of the eminent services rendered. The explorer and his assistant* have achieved a great work, which redounds to the honour of the colony, at the coat of much privation and risk to themselves, and their claim upon public sympathy deserved eve n a more liberal response than it has met with. ANNIVERSARY.—At Glenelg the axunveMary services of the Wesleyan Church were conducted on Sundav, May 10, by the Rev. J. Bickford and the' Rev. G. W. Patshell, H.A. On Tuesday evening there was a crowded tea meeting, and afterwards a successful DOMIS gathering, the latter presided over by Sir. T. Johnson. The report read by the Treasurer, Mr. W. T. Waterhouse, showed that the finaneiai position was very satisfactory. Addresses wer* delivered by the Revs. J. Bickford and G. Patctell, Messrs. J. Lloyd and J< D. Hi». Thft pecuniary result was extremely encouraging. INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE MATCH.—A match iv we are informed, arranged to take place Saturday, May 23, between 10 riflemen of Adelaide and an equal number of Melbourne, each party firing on their own ground,. with Government weapons, 30 bore. The distances are to be 200, 4)0, 500. and 600 yards, seven shots at each range. Lieut. W. F. Gray will aet as umpire for Melbourne, and Captain H. H. Lep'astrier for Adelaide. The following are the respective teams:—Adelaide—Captain- J. C. Ferguson, Captain R. J. Soott, Mear.«. • S. R. Boeiato, W. Baker, G. Hicks, M. J. Leonard, Jas. Morcom, L. G. Madley, C. Schunke, and B. Weidenbuh; emergency-men, Messrs. Stames and Rows. Melbourne—Major Trythall, Captain King;, CaptaingWardill, Messrs. Davis, Christophersos, Kellow, Lacey, McHutchison, Marsh, Limeroek^, Walton, and Whalley. Two of the latter toMa - will act as emergency-men. THE THEATRE.—" Richelieu" was performed; for the last time on Wednesday evening before, we are sorry to say, a very moderate house. Several of the minor characters showed to mack better advantage than in the first representation —notably Mr. Holloway, as De Boringhen>. whose performance, smacking slightly of Lasceller Fiorestein in the " Bohemian Girl,"'displayed a lightness in him somewhat unusual. Father- Joseph, by Mr. Walsh; Barradas, by Mr. We-st; p. -d Francois, by Miss Ansted, were cs e Htably represented. We must also speak a word itt prnife of the orchestra, who have on several occasions lately discoursed some very sweet and eujoj able music. Last night they rendered tk« overture to "The Bayerdere" and a selection from" La Favorita" in a most excellent mariner. To- night Shakspeare's great masterpiece— " Bamlet"—will be presented, with Mr. Fairdough as the Danish Prince, supported by Mis*- Bowring es Queen Gertrude—arfile for whioh*» she has made quite a name in the neighbouring colonic:—when it is hoped a large .attendance will testify that Adel&ideans; appreciate highclass drama. 