ARRIVAL OF THE , - ENGLISH MAIL [AUSTB VLIAN ASSOCIATED PBESS TELXGKA3T.1 | Adkiaidb, October 13tb. The K.M.S. Pera arrived at 11 o'clock | last night after a 'splendid passage of 17 days from Galle. The ■weather was to rough as to delay the landing of mails till nearly 3 o'clock this morning. London, September 4'h. Upon bis return from Ireland Sir U. G. Duffy visited Lord Carnarvon at Higbclare Castle id Hampshire. Commissioner Hopwood, who was a wit ness in the Tichborne case, has been sentenced to a year's imprisonment for bigamy. The claimant's late secretary ap plied for a commons against Mary Ann Loder for perjury, and the applicant was referred to the Court of the Queen's Bench. Mr Sothern has relinquished the idea of visiting Australia. The project has been revived for erecting a permanent building for the Colonial Exhibition. The Bight Hon. H. C. E. Childers has been nominated chairman of the Great Western Railway of Canada. The labour market still remains in a highly inflamed condition, and the wages question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affecting 40.000 persons, after lasting eight weeks terminated on the 2Gth of August by submission to the masters terms. On the same day at a meeting attended by 12,000 persons and some qnarrymen near Bethesda, it was agreed to accept the concessions offered by Lord Penrhyn, subject to the dis missal of two obnoxious agents, and the minimum weekly wages to be 303 to skilled men. These conditions being re fused the men have cleared out their tools from the quarry. The miners of Fifeshire and Ciackmananshixe having refused to submit to a reduction of 15 per cent., the masters bare decreed a general lock-out The men, however, are not agreed; 2100 voted for resistance and 1154 for an accept ance of the terms, 3300 have not voted. Secession from the Union is probable. In West Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire, and Durham notices of redaction have been given by the colliery owners. A similar movementis impending in Northumberland. The Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of reduction to arbitration in London, and the decision affirmed the demanJs of the employers for 121 per cent, rebatement. Some Leices tershire miners have struck against the re duction of 6d per day after a protracted resistance and several conferences. The South "Wales miners agreed to submit to 10 per cent, on condition that their wages are not again lowered during the present year. The bulk of locked out labourers have obtained work without sur rendering their tickets at improved wages. Any aged men, however, by joining the Union will have to enter the work-houses. The lock-out lasted 18 weeks, and cost the Union £25,0C0. 400 men have emigrated, 400 immigrated, and 870 have returned to work witbont giving up their tickets,- and about 400 are still unemployed. The Pil grim Band finally broke up at Halifax, only 21 of the original 100 remaining. At Bradford some were arrested on a charge of beggiDg. About £700 was cleared. The Queen remains in Scotland till jSovember. On his return from Ireland the Danish King visited Edinburgh, where he experienced an enthusiastic welcome. A ( fleet of fourteen steamers went out to j escort-the royal party, anu the city was | gaily decorated in honour of the occasion. The Princess of Wales accompanied' her father back to Copenhagen. The Prince of Wales, meanwhile, has.figured in a series of festivities at Plymoutti, to celebrate the opening of the new Guildhall, costing £400,000. Or one day there was a grand Freemasons* demonstration, and on the closing day a military ceremony, and per formance of the " Creation " at the Guild hall. The Prince arrived at Marlborough House on the 22nd, and during the day visited the Empress of Anstria and the Prince and Princess of fioumania, and the Prince of the Astnrias. The five royal children left the same day in the yacht Ostorne, for Copenhagen. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, after being banqueted at Brussels, reached Folkestone on tbe 20th August, on their return, from a Continental tour. The town was decorated and an address of wel come was presented. They have been since at Balmoral. On the 28th tbe Dnke pays a visit to Diverpool tor several days. The Imperial Prince and Princess of Ger many left Hyde, on August 24th, for the Continent. The Prince of Wales went to Berlin a week later to be present at the confirmation of the Imperial Prince's eldest son. On the 1st September he vvillaccom pany tbe Emperor to witness the military maneuvres at Hanover. The Emperor of Anstria has arrived in England, incognito, to join the Empress in the Isle of Wight. The Connt de Jarnac has been appointed French Ambassador in London. Two Dew bishops of St. David's and Central Africa were consecrated on August 24th in Westminster Abbey by the Arch bishop of Canterbury. The evidence being insufficient to prove the charges preferred against Sir George Elliott, the member for North Durham, the petition was withdrawn. Mr Gladstone in a letter to the Guardian denies the statement industriously propa gated that the Queen had endeavoured to influence his coiidnct with regard to the Public Worship Eegulation Bill. The reversal by the Dean of Arches of the Bishop of Exeter's judgment in the Exeter Beredos case excites much interest in clerical circles. The break-up of the AshanteeMonarchy is quickly following cn the English victory, and the Kings of Jpjuabin and Becqna having declined to renew their homage to King CoSee, be has appealed to the British Administration at the Cape .Coast Castle for assistance, and the situation is further complicated by a report that the hostile Kings have been promised support by the chiefs of Akin and Denkarr. Captain Lees, having gone to Coomassie to mediate, has been well received. Lieutenant Cameron, in a letter to the Foreign Office, has declared that the slave trade still flourishes in a belt of jungle villages, about a week's march from the east coast. In order to destroy the traffic be recommends the construction of a rail road from Bagomoys to Ujiji under the protection of an European commissioner. Mr Gladstone, as a shareholder in the Metropolitan Railroad Company, has written to the chairman recommending more moderate fares and the abolition of two classes of passengers for three, and to minister to the wants of the greatest num ber he regards as the wisest policy. There are indications of a revival of Liberal courage and unity. Three demon strations have taken place, at Frome, Brighton, and Sheffield, at which places spirited addresses were delivered by Mr Go.-chen and Mr Fawcett. Professor Tindall, the president, deli vered the inaugural address before the British Association. He demanded abso lute liberty for scientific investigation, and tbe snbm.ssion of all religious theories, schemes and systems to its decisions He was afterwards ably supported by Professor Huxley. The Welsh National Eistedford has been held at Bangor, and attracted an immense audience. The Bishop of Bangor pre sided. A Welsh oration was delivered by Mor gan Lloyd, M.P. In the choral competition for 40 guineas and a gold medal, the prize was won by the Carnarvon Philharmonic Society. Other gold and silver medals were competed for. An association is being formed in London to prosecute Ritualistic' clergymen under the new Act. .... An exciting controversy, mimical to tbe popularity of the English church, has been provoked by tbe refusal of a clergyman, supported by the Bisbop of Lincoln, to permit the word " Reverend" to be in scribed on the' the tombstone of a daughter of ft Wealcyu suniitei) Tbe Httyt*' brought before the conference during the recent sittings. The frightful increase of crimes of a brutal character, and especially kicking to death, is provoking an indignant outcry against the absurd leniency of punishments inflicted, and even magistrates declare that the savage ferocity gaining ground-must be met by repressive legislation. Cremation gains ground in European opinion, while in America German so cieties are springing np for bnrning tbe dead. On the 22nd August the great hosiery factory of Messrs Morley, at Swinton, near Nottingham, was burned down, and £10,000 worth. of property destroyed. Five hundred persons were thrown out of employment. Incendiarism is suspected. Early on Sunday morning Messrs Richard sons large paper mill, near Jarrow, on the Tyue, were consumed ; the estimated dam age is £60,000. On Tuesday a fire broke out in the South Prison at Glasgow, by which the west wing was gutted. On the 16th August a considerable part of the town of Market Qarborongh was burned down. At a destructive fire at Gresty's timber yard, Manchester, the loss was £40,000 The Mersey Docks and Harbour Board have intimated to the Gas Company that they hold them responsible for the destruc tion of the landing stage, through careless ness. A Chilian ironclad, built at Earle's yard, at Hull, and designed by Mr Reed, made a successful trial trip. Saddler has accepted the' challenge of George Brown, of Nova Scotia, to row for £500 for the championship of the. world. The date of the race is October 19th, at. Coleraine, in Ireland. In the International boat ■ race on tbe Dee, between Aberdeen and Edinburgh, ' the former won by a length. - A ladies' cricket match has been played in Bucks, between two elevens. One lady contributed 61 runs. ' ' " ~ A railway to Mount Vesuvius is pro jected. ' '' Mount Etna is in eruption. Brigandage is assuming dangerous pro portions in Sicily. A Philadelphian Society, established to assist Englishmen in distress, recommends the temporary suspension of emigration to America, and is helping hundreds to re turn. The crnel misrepresentations of agents in England are strongly denounced, and arti sans especially are warned against leaving England. -The Bank of Australasia has paid & second dividend of 5j per cent Tallerman's Meat Agency Company has declared another dividend of 10 per cent. Obituary.—Alderman Challis, Lieutenant General Sir James Lindsay, the Baroness BerneiB, from a fall from a horse; Robert Sly, horse-trainer; J. F. Fisher, railway manager; Lady Lees, Lady W. Russell, Sir F. Kemp, of Norfolk; Rev F- -C. Ewald, missionary among the Jews; Ad miral Cbargneao, Forcade de la Roqnette, ex-Bouapartist Minister; Rev Jas. Shore, Rev Henry Jenking, of Oxford; Sydney Dobell, poet; Hugh Gladstone, nephew to the ex-Premier; J. H. Foley, sculptor. 