TELEGRAMS. (From our own Correspondents.) ADELAIDE, September 29. The Chief Engineer (Mr. Mais) recommends that a railway should be made to Blanclietown, ven if the River Murray Railway via Mount Barker should bo constructed. He estimates the cost of constructing a railway from the Murray Bridge to Border Town, 130 miles, at £744,000. The Chief Secretary (Mr. Blyth) gave notice of a preliminary resolution respecting the River Murray Railway for discussion on Thursday, and also a notice of motion that the House should meet on Fridays. The Chief Secretary states that the Govern ment have no intention of selling land in the neighbourhood of the Drainage Works. Lewis's Lake Eyre exploring party consists of. four whites, two Afghans, and 18 camels. The last crashing of the Lady Alice miue gave a return of 150ozs. The Minister of Justice (Mr. Bundey) is subpcened to the Northern Territory to give evidence in the perjury case, Jones v. Reynolds. ' Daniel Palmer, maildriver, who had his leg broken and was otherwise injured by being thrown from the mail coach, near Gumeracha, has died in the Adelaide Hospital. A farmer named Bentley died suddenly at Yorkc Valley, from drink and exposure. At a meeting of the late Mr. Theophilus Robin's creditors the liabilities were stated to be nearly £10,000 and the estate showed a surplus of £2,400. A committee of investiga tion was appointed and the meeting adjourned for a week. Mr. John Coltou has returned to Sydney en route for Adelaide. Mr. Formby, late Mayor of Port Adelaide, lias been appointed Secretary to the National Marine Insurance Company. Tho annual meeting of the Cricketing Association shows a debit balance of £13. There is every promise of a good season's play. Practice for tho intercolonial match has com menced. The wheat market is dull at 5s. Id. per bushel. MELBOURNE, September 29. Butchardt has petitioned Government to be released, alleging that he is now sane. Mr. Elder has bought the imported Arab horse Rustoom for 215 guineas. The Dunolly railway will be opened on the 6th of October. The National Agricultural Society have passed a resolution in favor of assisted immigration. The Hospital Sunday collections show an in crease in the town but a decrease in the country as compared with last year. SYDNEY", September 22. The Postal and Cable Conference commences on Thursday, when delegates from Queensland will be present. PORT DARWIN, September 29. A meeting has been held at which it was re solved to send out an expedition to search for and relieve Pennain and Borrowdale, who started on an exploring trip four months ago with a small stock of provisions. CRICKET.-At a committee meeting of the Mount Gambier Cricket Club ou Saturday evening the Secretary was instructed to write to the several district Clubs with the view of getting several matches on the board at an early date. He was also instructed to open com munication with the Association in Adelaide to' see whether it would be possible to arrange for a few matches to be played in the city, the South - East being represented by members chosen from the various district clubs. "We think the latter project is worthy of consideration. Should the matches eventuate they will bring the South-East under the notice of our Adelaide friends in a new character. Of course the undertaking would be expensive, but we have no doubt the public would be willing to contribute handsomely towards it. DIVIDEND.-It is proposed to declare a iirst dividend of 8s. in the pound in the estate of Julius "Weidenbach and 3?. H. H. Bevilaqua, of Kivoli Bay, payable on and after the 10th of October. \ THE weather lias, been very unsettled for the past 10 days, and a great deal of rain has fallen. It has, however, been very mild, and all sorts of vegetation has made excellent progress. Grass is becoming abundant. HERE F. DRAEGER, profwsor of music, t announces in our.-advertising columns his in- ] tention of settling here, and teaching music, e Herr Dr^eger's labilities in this lim are so well t known that he needs no recommenJution from i us we sincerely hope that1, his success will be 1 commensurate with his merit.. f '. THE -EOAB BOARD.-At the monthly: meet- ' ing of the Local Board of Main Roads at Penola 1 on Monday it was resolved to ask the Commis- . sioner of Public Works to sanction the mating of about four , miles of road to the south\of Robertson's Bridge, and about a mile and a-half at Kingston, at once. This was estimated to cost about £4,500. The minutes of the meeting will appear in our next. . SEVERAL reports and letters are unavoidably held over. THE telegraphic news from London is up to Sept. 22. A conflagration is reported to have occurred in a cotton mill in Massachusets, America, whereby 40 persons were killed. The Republic of Central America had paid the in demnity imposed upon it for the indignity offered to Vice-Consul Magee. Bismavck is anxious that Denmark should enter the German Confederation, but the King of Denmark, it is said, declines. The proposed arrangement would suit German interests. She feels herself badly off for sea-room. Some Danish agitators have been expelled from Sclileswig-Holstein, an act which the Berlin press justifies; though it is not likely to increase the amiability of Denmark, j Prince Gortschakoff has resolved on the insidious policy of recognising the rights of Servia, a Turkish principality, to conclude independent commercial treaties. The next step will be to recognise her right to refuse to pay the taxes, and the last, Russian intervention. FURIOUS DRIVING.-At the Mount Gambier Police Court yesterday a man named Michael O'Brien was fined 5s. and costs for careless and furious driving in Commercial-street on the afternoon of the 21st inst. SOUTH-EASTERN SOCIETIES.-It is notified in the Gazette that the sum of £150 voted by Parliament as a grant-in-aid to South-Eastern Agricultural and Horticultural Societies has been apportioned at the rate of 36J per cent, on the amount certified to have been expended in prizes. The sum of £117 14s. 5d. lies to the credit of the Mount Gambier Society, and £32 9s. for the Narracoorte one. 0f the sum of £800 voted by Parliament as a grant-in-aid to all country societies, and which has been appor tioned at the rate of 35 g per cent, on the amount expended in prizes, the Mount Gam bier Society receives £113 19s. 2d.; the Narra coorte £31 0s. 3d.; and the Robe £26 19s. 7d. KINGSTON COURT HOUSE.-The tender of Charles Dover has been accepted for the erection of the new Court House at Kingston. The amount is £784. 