LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWs. NOMINATIONS for tho North Western Province election must be made before to- morrow evening. AT the last meeting of the Kynetonshire Council, upon the receipt of Mr C. loung's resignation, Councillor Braithwaite was appointed returning officer, and was authorised to taUe tbe necessary steps to fill tbe vacancy. Subsequently, however, upon the advice, we understand of Councillor Thomson, this resolution was set aside on tbe ground that it was illegal and that prevision was made by the Statute for the President to hold elections for extraordinary vacancies. We think there can be no question that in his anxiety to save the Council from an illegal act Councillor Thomson has fallen into the yery error he was striving to avoid. Section 96 of the Shires' Statute provides that " in every shire divided into ridings all elections of councillors for any riding shall be held by and before such ono of the councillors for such riding * * * as the Council may from time to time have appointed to hold elections in and for Buch riding," The 126th section upon which, we nnderstand, Councillor Thomson relies is not at all inconsistent with the 96th. It simply provides that an election to fill an extraordinary vacancy shall be held, not by tbe President, but " upon a day to be'appointed by the President." As to the rest, it is specially enacted that " such elections shall be held in the same manner, and the proceedings shall be the like as are hereinbefore provided for with re< spect to tbe annaBl ordinary elections of councillors ; and all the provisions of this part shall apply in the case of such elections in like manner as in cases of ordinary annual elections of councillors." It is clear, therefore, that the notice which has been issued by the President as returning officer is not in compliance with the law, and that Councillor Braithwaite must commence the election proceedings de novo. YESTERDAY, Mr H. Milvain and Mr H. Y. Smith, of Malmsbury, were introduced to tht Commissioner of Sailways by Messrs Young and Dnffy, M.L.A-, for the purpose of urging the case of Mrs Collins, whose husband was killed a few weeks ago by the fall of a block of stone from the crane at the Malmsbury railway station, upon the consideration of the Government. The deputation was proceeding to shew that the fatal occurrence was occasioned by the crane being out of order, and that the departmentment was consequently responsible for it and bound to do something for Mrs Collins, bat Mr Gillies stated that- the matter had undergone full investigation, and he had quite made up his mind that the accident was not attributable to any defect in the crane or anv neglect on the part of the officers of the department. He refused to admit, therefore, that Mrs Collins had any shadow of legal claim upon the Government. However, he deeply sympathised with her in her bereavement, and if her case was submitted as one for charitable consideration, he would be willing to entertain favorably. With this assurance tbe deputation was obliged to be content, and, after thanking Mr Gillies,'.withdrew. OWING to the intended removal from Wood end of Mr Craig, who, for a considerable period, has officiated as Church of England lay reader there, some IadieB of the congregation conceived the idea of presenting him with a testimonial of their esteem. Contributions were only solicited froir ladies, but notwithstanding this and the movement being kept very quiet, a considerable amount was collected in a very short time, the result being that Mr Craig was presented with a very handsome watch, and Mrs Craig with a gold ring. Inspired by thia very good example, the gentlemen of the congregation .have subscribed a purse of sovereigns which will be presented to-day before Mr Craig takes his departure for his new change at Preston, Mr Craig was much liked by the people of Woodend, and his removal is greatly regretted. MB. ANDREW STBAWHOENE announces in our advertising columns that he is a candidate for the vacancy in the Kynetonshire Council caused by tbe resignation of Mr Young M. L. A., for Lauriston and Edgecombe. ON Saturday, the man calling himself Peter Smith who had been arrested under circumstances detailed in our laBt issue, as a lunatic, was again brought before the Eyneton, Bench and discharged, the medioal evidence being to effect that whatever else the fellow was, he was not insane. The police have since received information that he is a tap-room loafer and vagabond who tramps the country with a begging petition, and wbeu he gets into the clutches of the police feigns madness. A short time ago he was imprisoned at J£ew for smashing windows, and was then cautioned that if he came before the Bench again he would get twelve months, BJB real name is Peter Tong and he formerly resided at Ballarat. He has cleared out of Kyneton and is believed to have gone towards Trentham, WB learn that the total sum contributed to the fund in aid of the Burns boys of Portland is known to have reached something over £3200. The lists are not all in, and it is probable that the amount may be larger than that stated, but in any case it is very handsome,-and as the expenses conneoted with collecting the fnnd are very trifling, nearly the whole sum will be available for investment. AN entertainment was given by the Kyneton Amateur Dramatic Club, in the Town Hall, Malmsbury, on Monday evening last, for the benefit of the Volunteer Brass Band. The hall was not well filled, but those who were present appeared to enjoy thdmselves very much. The first piece of the evening, " A Comical Countess," kept the audience in good spirits. Mr T. K. Gardner as the Chevalier de Vilbrac, and Mr E. Cock asthe Baron de Bergonce, were very good. Both knew their parts well and played with the ease of professionals. Madame D'Alton sustained the character of the Countess, and it is needless to say that she played in first-class style, while her costume was superb. The servant was played creditably by Mr J. Clark. In the musical interlude, Mr E. Cock sang " Mollie Darling" and "Don't Forget to Write me Darling" very well, and was encored at the finish of both songs. This gentleman has a sweet tenor voice of considerable power, and we hope to hear him again. MrG. Hart sang several comic songs in his usual Btyle, which took very well. Mr J. Smith kept tbe Spectators in roars of laughter with a humorous stump speeoh. The last piece, " The Brigands of Calabria," was got through in a first-class manner by all the characters. As this piece was played in Kyneton, there is no occasion to refer in detail to tho several players. The same pieces will be put on the stage in Kyneton, on Wednesday, the 9th instant, for tho benefit of a poor widow, when we trust to see a good house. LAST week a farmer named Kenneth M'Kenzie, who resided at Horse Shoe Bend nearEedcsdale, died somewhat suddenly, and as he had not been attended by a medical man for aome time previous to his death, an inquest was held by tbe Castlemaine coroner on Friday. It appeared that deceased had been treated by Mr Terry, the spiritist practitioner of Melbourne, to whom he had forwarded a lock of his hair and an account of his symptoms, but as he was suffering from pulmonary consumption it is not to be wondered at that the spiritist prescriptions failed to effect a cure. The jury found that death resulted from consumption. M'Kenzie shortly before his decease wrote to Dr Bone of Castlemaine, by whom he had been attended some time before, asking for a certificate of the cause of death, in anticipation of that event occurring, a request which was of course declined. NEWS comes from Whittlesea of the finding of a bundle, containing what are believed to be the decomposed remains of an infant, in a waterhole near the Church of England parsonage at that place. The contents of the bundle were re- duced to a condition resembling lime or plaster of paris. They were wrapped up in part of an old wincey dress and a piece of canvas, the coverings being so rotten that they camo to pieces when taken out of the water. It is supposed that tho parcel must have been submerged for the last ten or twelve months THE Western Australians intend to expend L10.000 during the current year in assisting immigration. 5HB IJEESOS, tho teacher of the Benalla State School, has been committed for trial on several charges of indecent assault. THE miners of the Castlemaine district are not satisfied with the proposed changes in the tariff. They intend to petition for a large reduction of the duties on materials used in mining. THEBE were no cases for hearing at tha Woodeud Police Court on Monday. THE members of the Graytown School Board finding their advice continuously ignored by tbe department, unanimously resolved at their last meeting to resign their positions. AN old Waterloo veteraness (if (says tho JBallarat Courier) we may use tbe term) gave herself up at the City lock- up on Sunday, as having no lawful means of support. Her name is Maggie Macdonald, and she is a sturdy old lady, who has seea eighty-one summer suns and as many wintry snows. He stoiy is that she was married at fifteen to a young Scotch soldier, whom she followed to the wars, and was with him on the field of Waterloo. Her eldest son, if he were living, would be sixty-seven years of age, but he fell fighting for bis country in the Crimea, where two of his brothers also fell, and two more in India. The old lady says she has two other sons, but cannot say whether they be dead or alive. Her husband died some nine years ago. She is still hale and hearty, and according to her own account can do a day's washing, or any other description of similar work, if she can but get employment. It appears, however, that there is another side to Maggie Macdonald's Btory. If we are rightly informed, the old lady was an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum not long since, where she became somewhat unrnly, and being told that she must apDear before the committee, she feared that her liberty would be cartailed, and left the Asylum—to which, it is to be hoped, she will soon return a sober and more silent woman. THE Express reports that the crops in the Bacchus Marsh district have not suffered so much from the late frosts as the graBS has done, and the rain which fell at the beginning of the week, although extremely light compared with what fell in the higher lands from Myrniong upwards, will greatly benefit both grass and crops. There is a good breadth of wheat in the direction of Coimadai. In Bacchus Marsh and Parwan barley iB the principal crop. THE Gipps Land Times says:—Sowing operations are now concluded at Briagolong, and the wheat, which in some places is about a foot above the ground, is looking well, the recent rainfall hat ing had a most beneficial effect. Many of the farmers are now engaged in getting the ground in readiness for potatoes. There is not so much land cropped this year as there was last, a large quantity having been laid - down iu English grass. THE heaviest fall of snow that has been known for years occurred at Wood's Point on Sunday The mail started as usual, but when the mailman got about six miles from Wood's Point, on the Yarra Track, he found from 20ft to 30ft of snow, and had to return. Until the snow is cleared it will be impossible for mails to be conveyed. A CONTRIBUTOR to the Castlemaine Representative dupplies the following anecdote of a former resident of Kyneton. Some months ago, during the illness of Mr C. A. Smyth, Mr Pridham wes entrusted with the Crown briefs, and was engaged in securing the conviction of a young man who had married too much. The second wife— who, by the way, could neither read nor write— told how she travelled from Runnymede to Kyneton to marry the prisoner, who met her at the railway station of the latter place, said the learned counsel, " you met him at Kyneton, and I suppose—ah—that he—ar—proceeded to bring matters to a. climax?" The witness blushed and stammered. Young Molesworth, who appeared for the defence, was extremely tickled. It reminded him, he said, of the young woman who, after supper at a ball, was asked by . her swain—then dying for a waltz—whether her " programme was full f" The young woman was scandalised, and complained to her mistress of having been insulted. " She'd only eaten three sangwhiches and a bit of sponge cake," she said! Mr Pridham, who never uses a short term when a lengthy mysterious one comes handy, repeated his quostion in a stern manner —" Did the prisoner, I aBk you, bring matters to a climax t" The witness still hesitated for a reply. " Climax " evidently bothered her. - " If my learned friend would put the question in a milder form"—gently insinuated Mr Molesworth. " Well,' v said"the counsel rather eiasperated, " did the prisoner take you to a clergyman's house and go through the marriage ceremony with you P" Witness (greatly relieved): "Yes, he did." THE Argus understands that Lady JSowen proceeds to Europe by tbe mail steamer Nubia, which leaves early next month, and tilat she will be accompanied by the members of her family. Ax idea of tbe craze that has set in for tickets in the Ballarat Mechanics' Art-Union will be gathered from the fact that, on Saturday, (as we learn from the Courier), an eager speculator offered the committee IS 10s for every ticket they had left. The offer was declined for <two reasons—the committee oould not see their way clear to charge a premium, and every ticket is Bold. fonowingfro- the ^ - Times :-A woman residing a ^ jn Ade. whose husband has for some tbat her laide, has received aJetwr aQ extraor. husband has committed ~ hig moathfull dinasy manner,^., by cram«n K match or of powder, and then a PP/"J? doubt, as generally fufe. We are not m^°°f/ bal?e been noticed such a remarkable case would have cam6 by the Melbourne papers StUUb° ^ as from a relation of the pw one can scarcely c " dlt Jt promulgation of would be perpetrated as the promu s such a hideous falsehood. THE SeraU states that recently some one in Gallonfsouth Australia.who have had very good ^ " h e work oAuitio'n fn ciencyof those engaged in tne wor* oi the public schools,insisted that tto Board of faction should call up and examine a few of the teachers. The teachers were examined and in an unlucky moment the chairmanoftbeBoard promised that their answers should be This was done. We give three ^c.mensofthe surprising result:-Quest.on.-What changes were introduced at the Norman Conquest.? Answer.—First, the introduction of Christianity; second, the ringing of the Corfu bell. <£.- What was the cause of the Crusades, and which of our kings took part in them ? A—ihe boundary of Nova Scotia, and Charles I. engaged in them. Q,.—What were the chief events of the Commonwealth? A.—(By no less than three candidates)—The gunpowder plot. THE Torres Straits mail line is surely the most unfortunate on the face of the earth. Although the steamers have been running so short a time, no less than three of them have come to grief. First there was the Sunfoo, wrecked in the China SeaB; then the running ashore of the Flintshire at Townsville; and now the Jeddah has been on fire, scuttled, and sunk. It was reported on Friday that the steamer had put into Eden, on fire; and subsequently a telegram was received stating that the flames had been extinguished by tbe aid of pumps. The latter, however, must have been a mistake, for a private telegram to a Melbourne firm came to hand on Saturday, conveying the unwelcome intelligence that it had been found necessary to scuttle and sink the steamer. Even if this should refer to the lore part of the vessel only, where the flames broke out, the calamity is most serious THE sale of choice breeds of sheep commenced on Friday, by Messrs Powers, Hutherford, and Co., at the stores of the London and Australian Agency Company, in Collins-street, was brought to a close on Saturday afternoon. The attendance was again good, and in moBt cases satisfactory prices were realised. The following are a a few of the principal lines in the catalogue, with the priceB obtained in each case, and tbe names of the buyers. Pure merino rams belonging to Mr James Gibson, Belle Vue, Tasmania, by Sir Thomas, brought up to L96, Mr W. .Robertson, being a purchaser of two at that figure. This gentleman also bought the stud ram " Golden Drop " at 205gs- Stud rams by Golden Drop, realised up to 60gs. Tasmanian merino rams, bred by Messrs. W, Gibson and Sons, Tasmania, brought up to 135gs., Mr Elder and Mr B. Bonald each purchasing at that price. A splendid ram of the same breed, from Messrs T. Dowling and Sons of Jellabad. Darlington, was bought by Messrs Peppin and Sons for 140gs. Of Lincoln rams sold on account of Mr W. Cumming, one realised 105gs, the purchaser being Mr J. G, Dou^liartv, some of the other buyers being Mr W. J. Clarke, who paid up to Ii90; Mr T. A. Chirnside, who paid up to Ii85; and Mr Joel Horwood, L77. Ewes of the same breed brought up to L76. Pure Lincoln ram?, bred by Mr T. Bath, realised up to 15gs., and pure Leicester hoggets, bred by Mr H. Field of Tasmania realised from 11 to 20igs. THE candidates nominated on Saturday for the Western Province were Messrs Bromell, Henty, Learmonth and Hutherford. A VEBT spacious and handsome new theatre was opened at Sandhurst on Monday nigbt by the English Opera Company. An address, written for the occasion by Mr E. T. Easterby, was delivered by Miss Clara Thompson. THE Melbourne correspondent of the Bendiqo Advertiser writes:—The mania for suicide seems once more to be growing rampant in this city, and, as nsual the muddy stream of the Yarra is chosen as the readiest means of seeking.oblivion. Within the last four and twenty hours two attempts at suicide by drowning in that river have been made by women, and in one instance the attempt was successful. At half-past one o'clock on Saturday morning, the moon at that hour shining brightly, the constable on duty at Prince's Bridge heard cries from a female in the river of " Oh, save me! save me 1" On looking over the parapet he saw a woman, apparently of about 25 Tears of age, struggling in the water. Bushing to the nearest boat-shed, he procured a boat and paddled out in tbe river towards the spot where he had seen tbe woman floating. She had, however, by this time, disappeared, and he could find no trace of her. The police have since been dragging tbe river in search of the body, but so far without success. The second attempt referred to above was made by a woman named Sarah Grimley, who jumped into the river on Saturday afternoon from the wharf. Two men employed on the steamer Otway, who witnessed the woman's rash act, promptly ob tained a boat, and succeeded in rescuing ber. before she sank. She was subsequently taken to tbe watchhouse, and locked up on a charge of attempting to commit suicide. The unfortunate woman stated that she had formerly been a domestic servant, but that she had been robbed ot ell her money, and was without a home, or any prospect of obtaining a decent living. THE Kyneton monthly Cattle Fair will be held tomorrow. THE ASNUAI, show of entire horses under the auspices of the Eyneton Agricultural Association, will be held at the shjw yards to-morrow. * Iwners of entire-horses will do well to remember that in order tu prevent it from clashing with tbe fair, tl.e exibition will commence at 10 a.m. instead of at noon as on previous occasions. TBE Redesdale Monthly Cattle Fair well be held on Monday next, t' e 7th instant, when Messrs Mullarky and Donoh e will have a large number of horses, cattle, etc. for sale. WE again remind onr readers that the Woodend Annual Plain and Fancy Dress Ball will take place this evening. THE drawing for tha Art Union in connection with the Kyneton Mechanics' Institute will take place in tbe hall on the night of tbe 22nd instant. It will be preceded by an Amateur Dramatic and Musical Entertainment arranged on a more than ordinarily attractive scale. THE jtustralian Journal for September is to hand. The price haB been reduced to sixpence.. The quantity of reading matter has not been diminished, and the quality appears to have been improved. THE 7 emperance Jfeu>s for the current month contains a full assortment of intelligence and comment interesting to teetotallers. AH EKS TO TEE CONTUSION OF .TONGUES.—Who has not sighed for the universal language which shall enable everybody to understand everybody else? Good old Bishop Wilkins thought he had solved tbe problem two hundred years ago, when he elaborated hiB Philosophical Language ; but whoever turns over the huge tome tbat enshrines the bishop^ civilising idea closes it speedily with the conviction that he would rather learn half a dozen actual languages than commit to memory the mass off antastical symbols spread before him. And such must ever be the fate of schemes which attempt the impossible task of making humankiad linguistically symphon etical. A different method has been worked out to a succeBBfnl isBue by Mr Anton Bacfamaicr, of Munich, which places within the reach of common Bense natives oi every country in the world the means of communicating with each other with ease and perfect certainty, though each person is perfectly ignorant of any language save Lis own. This wonderful feat is effected by Mr Bachmaier by the simple process of numbering tbe idtas necessary for carrying on correspondence. The numbers are the symbols written, and they express identical ideas in all the linguistic keys—thus 12S6 is " money " in the English key. "argent " in the French, " gold "in the German, "rupai" m the Urdu, "penge" in the Danish, "&c; A sentence written in these numbers may be penned by an Englishman and read with perfect ease by a Chinaman or Bussian; an advertisement couched m these figures will be understood all ovar the world by people possessed of keys in their own languages. —Overland Mail. • 