NEWS BY THE MAIL. The r. ft U. Company deserve special commendation for the rapidity with which, the European mails have been delivered this r cnth at their destination. The Pen arrived at UJeneJg six days before Her contract tune, bringing newspaper dates from Great Britain only 39 days old. We believe this is the quickest passage which has ever been made upon the Australian line; bat even if it is not, the speed that has been attained is well worthy noting, as an evidence of the anxiety of the Company to stand well with those whom it has contracted to serve. Although the Pera has brought a fall badget of domestic and Parliamentary intelligence so far as Great Britain ii concerned, it is particularly devoid of news of startling or even of special importance. Both Houses of Parliament have pursued a quiet and somewhat humdrum course, andyetitwouldnot be fair to deny them credit for a considerable show of legislative activity. The impression that the session was to be a short and easy one has been so far falsified that in the middle of June there was a large amount of work still remaining to be done. Mr. Disraeli has distinctly an nounced his intention to have a considerable proportion of the measures which the Govern ment have introduced carried through all their stages this year. When a disinclina tion for late sittings was exhibiting itself in frequent motions for early adjournment, he surprised the House by a speech which quite dispelled the idea that a minimum of work and a maximum of play was to be speedily followed by the prorogation. He stated his conviction that the session would neither be brief nor unproductive, and emphasized his remarks by declaring that the Govern ment meant, at all events, to have the Licensing, the Friendly Societies, the Factories, the Land Transfer, the Rating and Valuation, and the Scottish Church Par sonage Bills definitely dealt with. Besides these, he enumerated a number of other measures which called for im mediate attention. There was no doubt as to Mr. Disraeli's seriousness, so his followers reluctantly gave up their dream of a speedy release, and be took themselves to hard work. It does not reconcile them to this change in the aspect of affairs to find that a considerable portion of their labour is likely to prove superfluous. Mr. Cross, the new Home Secretary, has through mischance caught a Tartar in his licensing Bill. It has damaged him personally in the House through the confusion into which he has drifted with it, and the opinion is freely expressed that should it ever pass it will ruin the Government with the licensed victualling interest. Those gentlemen have in fact been sold, though their anger has not begun to burn up yet. The new Govern ment came into power to curse the Permis sive Bill people, and it remains to bless them. So far from being relaxed, the Act of 1S70 —Mr. Bruce's mortal sin— is being rendered in many points more stringent. Its authors have exhibited greater weakness and irreso lution than Mr. Bruce himself ever did, for they are literally at sixes and sevens about how to please everybody, and in cynical despair have thrown themselves on the forbearance of the House. The Chancellor of the Exchequer haa succeeded in hit Ling the mark better with his Friendly Societies Bill. At any rate the measure has been very favourably criticised outside tbe House, and it has been carried through its earlier stages in triumph. It is, of course, founded upon the recommenda tions of the Royal Commission, and the general impression appears to be thai it will place Benefit Societies under just enough legislative control to check existing abuses without diminishing the independence of the Associations or interfering with, their prudent self-management. As some set-off for the difficulties in which the beer question has involved him, the Home Secretary has had the satisfaction of carrying the Factories Bill, which proposes to regulate the hours of employment of women and children, through its second reading with flying coloiu-s. Mr. Fawcett was bis chief opponent, on the old ground that the Bill was an unnecessary interference with the fres action of adults; but the House would not countenance the objection. There is sure to be some stout fighting on the part of the manufacturers while the Bill is in Com mittee ; but the first division was such a decisive one that there is little likelihood of their doing it material harm. As usual, the schemes of the Opposition have met with 'a short shrift and no favour' at the hands of Mr. Disraeli's majority. This was notably the case as regards Mr. Eichards's attempt to repeal the famous 2Sth clause of the Education Act. Using the ordinary Nonconformist argu ment upon the subject, he urged that ao long a3 parochial guardian? are permitted to make contributions out of the rates for the education of very poor children in denomina tional schools not only is a large section of the public aggrieved, but an obstacle is in terposed in the way of the development of a t'.uly national system of education. The Government, however, did not see the matter in that light, and while holding that the country does not desire the repeal of ihe clause, they were able to show convincingly that the Conservatives are satisfied with it by defeating Mr. Richards by 245 votes in the largest and most important division of the session. The Ministry looked with more kmdly eyes upon the Liquor BilL introduced by Sir K. An3truther, to extend the cele brated Gothenburg licensing system to Scotand. Mr. Secretary Cross, with certain reservations, expressed himself in favour of the experiment being tried, so that the Bill pacsed the second reading without difficulty, and fair promise is afforded that the plain of licensing which has bo materially diminished drunkenness in Sweden will soon be put into practice north of the Tweed. Throughout the month the Lords were again principally occupied with ecclesiastical subjects. Much of their time was taken up in considering the Archbishop of Canterbury's Public Worship Regulation Bill, which, despite all efforts to delay it, was being steadily pressed through Com mittee. Its provisions are most emphatically unpopular with a large section of the Church of England, by whom the hope is cherished that the measure will be either thrown out by the. House of Commons or rendered innoxious by amendments. From - the form it was assuming in the Lords there is ground for believing that if it passes it will have more enemies than friends. Whatever it may do towards suppressing Ritualism, there is little prospect of its tran quillizing the Church. The Government have received more favourable notice for their Bill introduced in the Lords by the Duke of Richmond for abolishing Church patronage in Scotland. The principles of the measure excited general approbation, espe cially among the Scotch, who hailed as a wel come reform the principle recognised by it of leaving the Churches perfectly free in the choice of their ministers. The only point that give rise to debate was whether the voting should be confined to communicante or extended to all ratepaying parishioners. Eventually a compromise was effected by including all members of the congregation in the electoral body, upon which the Bill rapidly passed out of Committee. When tired of ecclesiastical topics their Lordships fell back upon the Judicature Bill, or refreshed themselves with mild discussions upon legislation for India; bat these sub; jects had little interest for the outsids public. j Foremost among the domestic topics of the month are the festivities got up in honour of the Czar of Russix The Imperial visitor was entertained with the orthodox round of banquets, reviews, and Bight-seeing, by which national good feeling towards a royal guest is usually expressed. Soon after His Majesty's departure the Wbitsun holidays began, and were succeeded by the great national races at Epsom, so that the month's chronicle of pleasures n a lengthy one. A direct contraat to these £Xj doings n presented by the record of the labour difficulties which continue to prevail in many of the agricultural and manufac tuiing dtat*.ict3 of England. Strikes and lockouts are still causing great anxiety to the employers and equal misery to the men concerned in them, while they are doing injury to the nation generally by seriously embarrassing the course of trade. The dispute betweea the miners aud the principals of the Aston flail Colliery has been rendered memorable by the fact that it has extorted a epech from Mr. Glaistoue upon strikes and the county franchise. The men threw up work in consequence of a notice that their wages would be reduced 15 per cent., and refused to resume employ ment on any terms unlet3 four non- Union men, who did not turn out, were dismissed. The Manager wrote to Mr. Gladstone, who is one of the proprietors, askra^ whether he would continue the tenancy of h*s cot-'cijr3 to men who would interfere cd unwar rantably %\ith the liber Ly of their fellow- workmen. Mr. Gladstone replied by inviting the colliers to a conference} at which he told them some very wholesome truth. His exposition of the right of every man to; work for what wages he pleases, and of the folly of any organized effort to deprive him of that liberty, was conciliatory, logical, and exhaustive. He, moreover, pointed out Id the men that such attempts upon the part of majorities of working men to interfere with minorities was one of the hindrances to the extension of household franchise to the counties. For this electoral reform he expressed strong approval, and urged bis hearers to cultivate the respect for the rights of others which, would show that they could be safely trusted with increased political powers. How far these sentimenti are likely to kindle a proper ambition in the Aston Hall colliers ib a debatable point; but their utterance is noteworthy, and has naturally excited a good deal of comment. Seme of Mr. Gladstone's friends despair of his making men sick their class interests iu ihe higher feeling that they are English men; and others pertinently ask why he advocates outside the Houbc of Commons measures which, when he was at the head of the Government, he carefully kept in the background. The substance of the foreign new3 brought by the mail has already been communicated by our European telegrams. Full particulars of the fall of the De Broglte Miaislry m France and the appointment of their succes sora are given in the various journal ; but they possess only an historical interest in view of the more recent crisis which we know to have occurred at Versailles. The jealousy of the Bonapartist8, which has btely been growing in activity, is parUy explained by the electoral victories which that | party appear to have been achiev- | ing. Did the jealousy arise from a regard for the welfare of the country it would be commendable, but the woral : aspect of French politics is that every ' question is regarded in a purely paitiirn ? spirit. Republicans, Royal'sts, aud their various rivalB are simply patilofcic in their , own interests, and consider the safety and advancement of France of secondary im portance to their aggrandizement. The Danes have been celebrating with immense entbnsiesm the twenty-fifth anniversary of the granting of a free Constitution to the kingdom. In the course of the demonstration the King came in for a mo3t hearty ovation. In Germany the progress of the struggle between Church aud State continues to throw a'l other national events into the shade; the more so as neither side exhibit the least disposition to give way. The course of events in Spain is quite consistent with the advances the Carlists are now announced to be making. The Civil War w?s smouldering on, and, despite the assurances published at Madrid to the contrary, it was apparent that the followers of Don Carlos were in con siderable force,* and that the Government had not strength enough to come to dose quarters with them. The condition of the country naturally gets worse and worse. Whole districts are going out ef cultivation, production languishes, trade is at a stand still, and unless victory soon declares for one side or the other it is impossible to say to what deplorable depths the country will sink. Parliamentary.— Both Houses on Tues day turned aside from the questions which it was assumed were to occupy the greater part of their attention, and devoted themselves to the consideration of measures of a more prosaic,* although by no means of an unimportant character. In the Council the debates on the Loan Bill and on tbe proposed Murray Railway were postponed— the one for a day, the other for a week-^and the Inebriates Bill consequently obtained priority. The provisions of this measure were carefully dissected, and one or two amendments were introduced. Other points, to which we have already called attention, and which should be dealt with before the Bill is passed, were quietly ignored. Owing to the unfortunate absence, through illness, of the Minister of Justice and Educa tion, the Assembly was deprived of the anticipated official explanation of the state of affairs in the Northern Territory. A short and sharp discussion upon a proposal to recommit the Waterworks Bill with a viaw of inserting '» clause1 'authorizing ojvaera of cellars to use during one season of the year water without stint for syphon purposes was properly rejected, and the measure was carried throu^ht its remaining stages. Tho considerat:on of the Land Bill in Com mittee was put off out of defe rence to Mr. Ward, who has given notice of a series of amendments, the concoction of which has, he states, entailed the expenditure o! much thought and care. The Chief Secretary was ia a par ticularly amiable mood, and, in moving the postponement of the measure, disclaimed all thought of charging the member for Gumc ra«ba with negligence or indolence in having deferred the tabling of his amendments until now. Failing the Lard Bill, the day wa3 dedicated to the question of main roads. The remaining clauses in Mr. Blight's Bill upon the Bubject wero passed, and substantial progress was made with the schedules. The one defining tho' six districts into which it is proposed ta divide the colony was passed as prnted, bat on1}' pro forma, the Goveramcr.t promisr?-* to a^ree to a recommittal if asked fort Ap-rt from condderationsof boundary rai3sd by Mr. Angrs, the House will have au opportunity of deciding whether the South* E.st h to be retained as one district, or wbriher, a9 required by the -Northern residents, there should be a divisiou into two, the limits to correspond with those of the Electoral Districts of Victoria and Albert. It is a pity to have these local disaseements perpetually cropping . up, although it is not to be wondered at that the less populous part of the district should hesitate about trusting itself to the tender mercies of a Board elected, as in the nature of tb'ngs it must be, by the people in tho other portion. When the matter is fairly and fully before the House it will be timo enough to consider what plan Bhould bo adopted for E^ttiu^ at rest the differenofs that exi6t and obtaining for each end of the South-East its proper share of the funds available tor exjienditure upon roads. Tho passing of the tchedulo of tuaiu Hues afford0'! the usual opportunities for log-rolling, aiii they were sot left unutilized. Several new roads vere inserted, and it w evident that the Bill before it quits Committee will bo heavily weighted with lines now and old. The -As8rmb'y -]:d not take the trouble to proceed upou any very definite plan in its operations, for it allowed roads parallel to railways to be left on the schedule, and adopted without much reserve proposals for extending the Commissioner's list, which in its original form was one we should have thought almost sufficiently plethoric. When, the Committee upon the Bill next sits the process of main lino extension upon paper will be proceeded with. The Cost of EsTAULisir&reNTS.; — Oae cf the most noteworthy defects iu the report oE the Civil Service Beard which sat during the late recess consisted iu the omission t:- furnish a statement oi tho maximum total of salaries obtainable under the proposed Bill for the regulation of the Service. This in fcimation has now been supplied by the Auditor-General at the instance of Mr. Ward, and will be of special interest to the Legisla tive Council in discussing the provisions of the measure. The alarmingly rapid rate at which tho outlay upon establishments swells in times of financial prosperity is a fruitful Eource of comment, and the public will not be surprised to find that during tha last year or two there has been a material increase in the cost of government. In 1873 the amount absorbed iu the payment of fixed salaries, and of salaries then provisional and temporary but now on the permanent list, was £109,443. During the first half of 1874 new offices were created which entailed a further expenditure of £2,730, and additions . were made to salaries to the extat of £5,243, thus raising the expenditure to tho rate of £117,422 a year. Coming down to the Estimates for 1S71-5, we find that a further provision of £5,720 is proposed for new officers, and of £11,423 for increases to the pay of old officers, thus raising the total expense of establishments to £134,503. In round numbers, therefoio there is to be an advance of £25,000 in fixed salaries for 1874-5— should the estimate of the Govern ment be agreed to — as compared with tho actual provision for 1S73. It is nothing but fair that increases should be made as promised last year, but we are disappointed that such a reorganization of the Service has not been proposed as would have effected a reduction in the number of offices, and a consequent saving to the country corre sponding in some measure with the augmen tation in Balaries. As it is, as much a3 £8,450 is to be speut upon new offices in addition to the £16,606 which is to go towards increasing the pay of persons previously in the employ of the Govenment. Of the £134,565 forming the proposed ex penditure for the current twelvemonth £37,400 is to be paid away to heads of. departments and others on the schedule of the Civil Service Bill who have no title to an annual increase, thus leaving £97,165 to be distributed amongst officers in Classes 2 to 6. Mr. Hitchin shows an almost morbid anxiety -? to divest the minds of members of Parlia ment of the idea that the Civil Service Bill will lead to a material increase in the outlay requisite to keep the machinery of govern ment in regular working order. In com pliance with the express instructions of the Assembly, he gives a statement of the ' total amount of possible increases' under tho Bill ; but he is careful— and not without reason— to qualify it by showing that these ' possible increases' are more imaginary than real. Tlie total amount that the country can be called upon to pay under the operation o£ the increases to officers coming within Classes 2 to 6 is £111,543, or an advance upon the estimated expenditure for 1874-5 of £14,380 ; but he also points out tbat it is an equally conceivable thing that all the offices would become vacant and be filled up at the minimum salaries, in which event the aggregate would not exceed £85,370. The average between these two extremes is £98,457, or within a very few hundred pounds of the amount upon this year's Estimates. From this the Auditor-General deduces the conclusion that, with doc allow ance for charges in offices, the maximum arising from yTtvM increases is practically reached in the Estimates now Before the Lower House. We hope this statement will go some way towards reassurine those mem bers of Parliament who have taken alarm at the thought of making the rate of salaries! upon those Estimates the starting-point for the increments under the Civil 8ervice BilL As we have before said, it will ba better to postpone the operation of the in crease principle in the Bill for a year or two than to deny to Civil servants the benefit of; the general readjustment and general increase of salaries for which Parliamentary approval is being sought by the Government. ^_ The Peoposed Great Westerx Tele graph,— The j-eople of Western Australia have taken action with regard to the pro posed telegraph line between Perth and Adelaide. By the mail which reached Glenelg yesterday the following message, which had been telegraphed to Albany by Mr. Bailee, the Colonial Secretary of the western colony, was received by the Hon. Arthur. Blyth:— ' P. & O. steamer Pera arrived to-day (July 17) at King George's Sound with mails from Galle, four days ia advance of contract-time. Steamer with mails from hence will probably be too late. Letters have been sent to say that the Legis lature has affirmed the extension of telegraph line to Eucb, acd voted the necessary funds. The work will be commenced so soon as it is known that the South Australian Legislature has decided to carry their line from Port .Augusta to Eucla.' From another source we learn that the sum voted by the Western Australian Council is £15,000, which will certainly not be sufficient for the work if the cost of the line per mile in the neighbouring colony is as great as it is estimated at on this side of the Border. We take it for granted, however, that the Government at Perth will be quite prepared to guarantee the erection of its portion of the wire without assigning any particular limit as to expense. A clear understanding upon this point having been arrived at, South Australia will do well to carry ont its part of an undertaking which will be of considerable direct— and of still greater indirect— advantage to the colony. The Government have intimated that they intend bringing the subject before Parlia ment during the present session, and the reminder just to hand from Perth should stimulate them to initiate a vote without delay. ? ^^^^^^^ A MUBBAT STBA3l*B Blowk Up.— A telegram se-at to ub from Blaacheiown shows that the chrqu«-ei cire3r of the Slool^ewinke h;i beetjviolestly cloicd by her bouer bursting aid, sad to record, two men have been killed, while others hare b:en injured by the explosion The vessel wr? a Sst-bottomcl piadle striker of 42 tons. She was built at Port Adelaide in j 3856 for tbe Murray trade, and wa3 re^bt^red in 3S63 For sre* ♦'me the craft wss owned by Messrs. Crozie- i Jamicson, bat subsequently J she p-7«ed iito the hands of Mr. Etenezer Bandtll, who use-i Lor Ion? on the rivere. After wards 31c -k. H. Wa.-ren and S. WiLon, of Two Welis, were the proprietors, and she trade! to Port Gawier; but still later the boat wa3 sold bv auc.ion by Mr. W. G. Luxmoore. Dragging *i't pontoons* from the dredges up the stream to Port Adelaide, and sometimes carrying pleasure parties, varied with the occasional towage of ves^«'=, filled up another period of ber history. Then she returned to the Murray under the chi'iie of Captain B. Fuller and the direstion of Mc«r.«. J. Stilling & Co. Upon her most recent t'ip sbe reached Monnum from Swan r-or: on July 19, and we presume sailed for W«twoi ii either on the same date or early lest day. The catastrophe that has destroys i thevt-sel a-d proved fatal to mon on bo^rd tccumd at a point 26 miles below Blanchetown. Loubtltsfc we shaP soou be in a position to give further particulars regarding the event. The English Mail.— The P. & 0\. Coropi ?- steamer Pera was sighted from Glesei ; at 7.C0 a.m. on Tuesday, July 21, signal flag.} were hoisted in the city at 8.45, the boat dropped anchor at 10 xm, and a special train started from Adelaide to the Bay at that time. The mails ?were put on board the tender Fairy at ten XLinutcs past 10 o'clock, and the packages and tags were landed on the Glenelg Jetty at 10.35. The train immediately left for Adelaide, where the mails arrived at 11 o'clock. There was no conveyance ready to receive them, and as the tDgrce had [to return to the Bay immediately, the bags were deposited in the shed under the charge of a Post- Office official, who had been in waiting at Glenelg. The Broughton rtearaer was at the Gleuelg Jetty at daybreak, and went off directly upon the Pera dropping her anchor, net more than a mile distant. She left the ocean steamer's dde a few minutes before noeu with the heavy cargo, which was immediately landed on tbe pier. Th« Pera sailed at noon exactly, and a telegram was immediately sent to Mr. Kendall, the agent of the P. & 0\. Company in Melbourne, informing him of the hour of her departure, and that the packet was only detained from the time of her dropping anchor to sailing two hours. The mafl contractors received orders from the Postmaster-General to have the Fairy in readiness from noon on Tuesday, but instruc tions were given by the owners to light the fires at midnight on Monday, so that she mi^ht be pre pared to start if necessary by daybreak. The steam tender made frequent trip3 to the ocean packet, conveying visitors to the vessel and the shore. SrPEEME Cocet.— The Primary Judge sit in E-juity on Tuesday, July 21. A demurrer was upheld m the suit ol Paiteson v. Aubrey for want of parties, and a formal order was mode in tbe case of John Doeherty, lunatic. The Civil Sittin-is were also continued before the Chief Justice and Juries. A verdict for the plaintiffs on all the issues was taken, by consent, in the case of Rundle v. Marsson and Others. In L-iJ»ig v. Lucas and Another, which was an action arising out of a contract for the supply uf ttcue for the ersct'on of the National Bank Branch at Narracoorte, the plaiutiff was non suited, leave, however, beinj reserved to move tbe Full Court as to the construction of tbe written agreement. Ihe remainder of the day w3» oc«-uj.''ed by the c?se of Burt v. Elder. The plaintiff was Mr. A. G. Burt, and the defendant the Hon. Thos. Elder. The action arose out of the recent Westerly explorations under the leadership of Major Warburton. The plaint' if alleged that he had been wrongfully dismissed from his petition as second in command of the exploring: party, and he claimed £500 damages, which claim, however, was reduced during the trial to £250, the actual amount of wages to which Mr. Burt would have been entitled under his agreement. The defendant placed a number of pleas on the record, but at the hearing his counsel intimated that tbe only defence rel'ed on would be that there had bean no breach of contract, but that the plaintiff had voluntarily withdrawn from the defendant's service. The only witnesses examined were tbe plaintiff him self, and, for the defence, Major Warbarton and his son, Mr. Richard Warburton The Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount sought, £230. The Court wfll sit again to-day (Wednesday), when possibly tbe only remaining cases oa tbe cause-list, viz., Miles and Another v. King and Davies and Another v. Selth, will be finished. Thb Ibkbriates But.— On Tuesday, July 21 . Sir Henry Ayers moved the second reading of this measure in the Council. The motion was carried after a short debate, and the Bill passed through Committee with a few verbal alterations. It wfll, therefore, probably be sent on to tbe Assembly in the courss of to- day. Legal Chakges.— The members of the pro fessional firm ^ ef Messrs. Bett9ridge and Nicholson having dissolved partnership, Mr. Nicholson has joined Mr. E. P. Nesbit, and they will practise a3 Nicholson & Nesbit. Thk Glkselg Jetty.— The need of a landr '? place on the south side of the Glenelg Pier has been represented to us. While the passenger from tha Pera were disembarking at the old steps on Tuesday one of them received an in voluntary immersion owing to the inefficiency of the landing arrangements. A Seaside Stroll.— An omnibus full o! patients from the Lunatic Asylums visited Glenelg on Tuesday afternoon, July 21. The mail steamer was still in sight, and the party seemed thoroughly to enjoy their stroll on the beach and jetty. They did not show the slightest desire to elude the vigilance of their keepers, or in any way infringe upon the friendly restraint in which they were placed. Oterlasd Goods.— Tbe amount of cargo landed by the Pera this trip was considerably In excess of the quantity brought by any previous mail steamer, and after having discharged the loading at Glenelg the Broughton returned to Port Adelaide. The merchandise was forwarded by special train to Adelaide shortly after 3 o'clock on Tuesday. Mobb Copfeb.— The Kapunda paper says:— ** We hear that very good indicatioos of copper having been discovered on the Murray Flat?, near Eudunda, a number of Kapunda gentlemen have taken the matter up, and having obtained a right of search intend to expend money in seeking to prove the lode. The stone looks promising. The whole of the country in that neighbourhood greatly resembles that of some of our best copper- bearing districts. We have seen a really splendid cample of peacock copper ore from the Lady Alice. If there is a sufficient quantity of ore of this character and quality to be obtained thence, this mine will even yet pay its shareholders.'' Flobiccltubr— Kapunda has not an Agricul tural Society, but one for fostering floriculture is now being formed. THB Ghambeb of Commebcb.— The quarterly meeting of this Chamber has been convened for 3 o'clock this afternoon. City Mission.— Tin a^oa! meeting of this institution will be huia iu St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street, to- night. The Flukb.— The Hon. A. B. Murray has given notice to move on Tuesday next in the Legislative Council, 'That in the opinion of this Council the Government of this province are not justified in slaughtering any sheep affected with fluke.' The Aldisca abd Peba. —The Aldinga started from Port Adelaide for Melbourne an Tuesday several houra after the nail steamer left Glenelg, and interest is felt in the relative passages to the sister colony. Some Bmart people assert that the intercolonial liter will overhaul the ocean packet before reaching the Heads. The Glenelg Anchorage.— The following extract from a letter received by Messrs. Elder, Smith, k Co., from Captain B, MethveB, com mander of the Pera, and bearing date July 21, will be read with interest:—' For your informa tion, I beg to say that when I return here (Glenelg) I shall anchor as close in as I can for the convenience of cargo. I shall also have a spring on the cable so as to give a lee side. My own opinion is that the weather need not be made a reason for disappointing shippers of cargo. Our arrangements on board, backed by some determination on the part of the boatmen, ought, and will, I trust, be sufficient to prevent this.' Respecting the weather and the detention at King George's Sound, the captain writes :— ' We have by no means been favoured in the matter of weather, considering the season, in the present run. I looked as a matter of course to getting the winds from westward some three to four days on the other side of the Leu win, whereas we carried the south-east trade wind to 31 J° south latitude. We then got some twenty hours of quite light and sometimes calm weather, when the south-east wind set in again, heading us at fresh force into the Sound. They were all unprepared there. I fire 1 guns, rockets. &c;, for one and a half hours jnder the windows of the pilot's house, from 1 to half- past 2 a.m., and then had to send a boat in to Mr. Clifton's and bring the pilot out. We did not get away till 5 p.m.' The Government Steam Fleet. — In the prospect of the acquisition of a steamer now oeiog fitted out in Sydney, there seemed to be little need for another State craft. The opera tions at the inner bar, however, have shown that another was required, and a peculiar vessel is in course of erection at the Government Yard. The stem and stern posts are on end, showing that she is to be of great length, and the iron ribs which are to form the framework are in j course of preparation. The craft is to be used in ! lieu of the present crane barge, which when laden with blocks of limestone needs the services of a tug. The new vessel will carry an immense weight, and will be fittrd with sufficient power to steam with her lading to the Port. The engine used in propulsion will be capable of dis connection, so as to ra:se the rocks from the bottom. The progress of building will be watched with much interest, as the affair is decidedly experimental. Sudden Death.— Oa July 21 the Kapunix Btrald records tbe sudden death of Mr. B.r tholomew Fallon, well known as formerly a fanner and as brother to the late Father FaUon, who for many years was fatitioned at St. John's, near Kapunda. Mr. Fallon has ceased to farm on his own account, and for some time had been in the employ of Mr. W. Rogers, of St. John's. On Sunday forenoon he attended divine service, and appeared to be iu his usual good state of health. In the afternoon he went to Boot's Gap, on returning from which place in the evening he was seized by violent retchings and cold shivers. Remedies were at once administered by Mr. Rogers, who a'so placed the deceased in a hot b.ith, but a'l proved unavailing, as at midnight he died. An inqueit wa: held by Mr. D. Nock, J.P. Political League. — The monthly public meeting of the Anti- Immigration and Land Laws Reform League was held on Tuesday evening, July 21, and was fairly attended. The priaciple3 of the Association were explained, and members were enrolled. The Committee reported, in reference to remarks that had been made in Parliament and in the Press to the effect that they had arranged with the newly-arrived immigrants to speak at the Town Hall meeting, that no arrangement of any sort was made by them with tbe immigrants. The Fabkisghav.— A telegram sent by Cap tain Craib trom Fremantle, via Rhj George's Sound, and dated July 17, stated tbat the Fatningham, of Port Adelaide, was loaded, and would sail for 8bangbai next day. Seniors Accident.— Whilst Mr. A. Kingdon, who is employed in tbe General Post-Office, wxj on tbe top of a spi Ing-dray londcd with English mailbai-s, on Tuesday, July 21, tbe backboard fell out, causing the man to faU to the ground. He tended on the back of bis neck, and received a tevere Lcalp wound extending from tae. front to tbe bask of b«'s bead. The sufferer was at once removed to the Sheriff's office, and from there to b'*s borne, wbere be lies under the care ; Dr. Corbin hi a very precarious condition. Ceceltt to Animals.— The Xo.the.-a Arg-n says: — if We have often t:en grieved to witness the cruel treatment horses receive from unfeeling and unskilful drivers without being in any wa7 called to task for their conduct. The police, however, have turned then1 attention to the matter, and on Saturday John Huntar, a labourer, was brought before Mr. Young, J.P,, with cruelly beating and overloading a hor;e, for which offence he was fined 40s., and 11?. cests. If a few more were taken up and simi larly dealt with it might have a tandency to soften their rough natures; at all events, it would make them more careful, ?nd cause them to curb their temper.' A Dear Joke.— Some wag in Victoria has had to pay £170 for a good joke. He selected a number of 40-acre blocks of land in the names of celebrated men or characters, and the lots have all been solemnly forfeited by notices in the Government Gaztttt addressed to the.following, among others equally far-fetched and suspicious looking: — 'Bismarck, Robert Burns, Chas. Coleridge, Chas. Dickens, Lanty Lafferty, Henry Parkes, Robert Peel, Peter Possum, Sims Reeves, Jack Robertson, Henry Squires, William Fitt, Anthony Trollope, Richard Turpin, William Wallace, Artemus Ward, Samuel Weller.' The Mookta Wateb Tasks.— The local paper states tbat 'Mr. Nettleton'a contract for the construction of the Government tanks at Moonta is being actively carried out. In the excavation of the two tanks at Cemetery Flat 10 or 50 men are engaged. The limestone rock comes close to the surface, and varies in thickness from one to about five feet. Its dislodgement with the aid of blasting powder is effected without much diffi culty. At the Athletic Ground only one taok has been commenced yet, and this is in course of sinking by a party of Kadina men, who are pro gressing admirably with their work. The ground is free from limestone, and comparatively easy ta sjnk.' (From yesterday's Evening Journal.] The Nbw Gold Disootbbies.— The following is an extract from a telegram received by the Minister of Justice from the Government Resi dent of the Northern Territory, dated July 21 : ' Excellent news from Sandy Creek. Fresh dis coveries, alluvial, near Katharine.' Nobthebn Tebbitobt Reefikg.— The fol lowing telegram, dated July 20, from Mr. Fred. Phillips, at Pine Creek, has been received by Mr. C. J. Coates:— ' Standard, Edol-Marie, and Eleanor machine started to-day; twelve weeks' erecting. Everything working splendidly. Crush Standard quartz first.' China Freights.— The German brig Peri, 275 tons, from Foochow for Adelaide, has been char tered for £1,200 in full-if on to'Sydney, £1,300. The German barque J. H. Jessen, 250 tons, Foo chow to Adelaide, has bten chartered at £1,200 m full. The Hke, German barqae, 349 tons, Foochow to Melbourne, was chartered on private terms; and the Kersor, Danish barque, 317 tons, Foochow to Melbourne, at £3 7s. 6d. per ton. Real Estate Sales.— Mr. W. Back reports that he sold by auction en Monday, July 20, Mr. Langley's five-roomed house in Gou«er street, with a frontage of 40 feet by a depth of 70 feet, for £318. * Thb Costbst.— A passenger per the mail steamer informs us that this stranded barque from the Northern Territory was got off the place where she ran ashore, but afterwards sack. 