WliKN deprecating Wo vci'-y irijiidicioui mode adopted by those | who undertdke tomipjily old (wttled coantriea with (the moans of acquiring aknbwledgs of iiew fiel'ds'for poimlatiorf, ,feucTi,aa tboso that cxisUj injthe.^ustnj^ja^coloni^i'wo ,wq not to' be tniippoeed to qoartionthe great r\ tr r r «'i * »!' 1- ft t^i C\ r advantages to be derived from the cir culation of all accurate and well selected information, and such as shall neither compromise tbe veracity and judgment of those.who furnish it, or prejudice i the interests of those who accept and arc guidid by it That which we kivc always condemned, and shall continue to denounce as highly prejudicial to the chanicteT of the colony, as well as to the interests of those we may succeed — by gross misrepresentation, or the sup preasomnf' disagreeable facts— inmiliic- ing to come to this colony, is the practice of circulatingpublicationsintbeold world which can have no other effect than im posing upon the over-credulous nnd the ignorant There would' be some, en couragement to persevere in this; dis honest practice, if the colony derived any permanent or substantial benefit from ii. ' The end, as in many other instances, might be held to justify; the means. -Bnt in this case the means, do not accomplish the end proposed. Quite the reverse ; for, whenever we liave succeeded in'tempting immigrants to'our shores, a^-'ery short acquaintance with the original of the;:paihting they had admired bo much when first exhibited some 16,000 miles away, decided them upon foregoing auy prolonged opportu nities for a personal acquaintance with its attractions. Our last experiment in recruiting for a population among the Teutonic and Scandinavian nations, ought to have been a useful lesson to us, and sho 1 Id have taught us the impolicy, as well as the extravagance, of not only inducing, but praying . for emigrants to leave their, lionua in the Old World lo seek new ones in this colony. Some of the pamphlets we have objected to wei-e translated into the German, Danish, and Swedish languages for circulation in the countries where those languages are the vernacular. Had not a great war bc-en raging at the data of' Mr. Buck's ill-advised and ill-judged jnLs ftion to Europe it is more than probable his success in the .vocation of kidnap ping his countrymen for importation into uiu* colony woum nave oeen . iar more considerable than it eventually proved. A pamphlet he issued him self, while acting on behalf of Tasmania, and addressed to the , German ; popula tions, purporting to convey a true de scription ef oiir resources, natural and artificial, was never exceeded by any production of mere fancy, so fiir as its mere pictorial character was cbucefrucd. Xovwhat weie'its;eflects} Saiuetliree or faur hundred individuals were in duced to 'seek' the new Eldorado of Sir. Blxk'3 iraagination, hiid out 'of this nurober, short as the time has been since tlieir first arrival in. thb: colony, not less than- three-fourths of these * im ported and deluded foreigners have left us for the other coionies. -The same may be said cf the Scotch immigrants by the Persia,, and ,pf seyen-eighths ~ of ♦he entire number, j[he costs of whose' passages ;and : temporary; support thus' colony is .still taxij/lto provide, rtbe re payments Tlie 'desertion of tlie'colony by those we have tempted and paid for coming among us-is but a- portion of the penalty pur^NemesisexncU 1 for the original fraud, we committed i- by '? im posing upon' innocent anil ', ignorant persons, and placing .inducements be fore them which it was not in our power to, realise. r) The colonists, as well as the colony, were denounced 'bv the' fang jes and voices of everj- es caped emigrnht to the other colonies, and not a mail stc-iuner ever crossed. the oee-.in.oo its way. to the '?? Oltl: World that did . not convey letters ' to the friends and relatives of pin- subsidised but deceived immigrants, denouncing us n« 11 colony of cheats and swindlers, and cautioning all connected 'with -hera to; beware .of. theiteinptoro atid circila toi-s of unrelinble publications in refer ence'to Tasmania 'as a field' for emi grants.- '?'''??!'.'''',' . ?-''??; ':;'i'[yl We must not lm sm-pi-ised, tlierclore, wlien those' we indiico to . come to us over 10,000' miles of ocean leave us whenever an opportunity for doing so Ls presented. Imm igrants like ournative bom youths find upon experience, that what they read in oiir pamphlets arid publications, iri,'ief«r*nce to the supe rior ; advantages; to. be enjoyed- by set tlere and immigrants who can com mand from three 'to four or five hun dred pounds.' The experience . to be. acquired on . the spot teaches as dif ferent a lesson ns it is possible to conceive from that which we may learn- from reading ;tiieVglowiiig: Qte} loguoof resources' a'vailiiblo 'to 'tlie prudont, sober, industrious, small capi talist' We take as example in point a passage /from, a largely. '., circulated brochure, compiled by agentleman ofex perionce, nii-J; we believe,' one who. ruiklly . desires to see the, wojfk of .settleiuent: successfully carried on.-/ u lUnfortnimteiy thq wnteivifroui hispBCuliavlavoeatiouB has but little , practical .. experience ; of what he.writes labbut;: «id,'': for-^thU ireaion,1,' ali^ough1 '4'ill statistira; are] ' ac-' cura'tcly^WHected^'the ij^p; lie .{vikia 'of tliem is liable to be Beriously;;iqueJ»ii tioned.ii.He.writtSj- itiUiiswrtodi-'.'fito .riomtpii -..idijf. av.-ao:-tr.) ?H-ti .t-'ir .iDT -isifobO render his experience as beneficial as possible to those who are induced, by a wish for elbow room to quit tlieir homes in the Old World— who will find, under the sunniest of skies, with the most Withy, cliiiv.tto of all the British colonies, and more congenial than any other to the constitutions of Britons, a home for their boys and girls' in Tas mania upon some of the million acres reported upon in these notes — a colony wherein the Bmall capitalist can find ready^and romun'erative'return for his' investments, and the steady farm la borer and the industrious domestic ser vaftfcan'g'et ' comfortable* places with good wages.' If this picture was p.iintcd in, lasting and substUMtuu colours, and in its main features. . sub stantially true to life, Tasni'inia would nt this moment be the.most prosperous And desirable place for 'small capitalists, fanners, labourers, domestic servants, it-.-., in all the Australian colonies. Um how, is it. that ' the small capitalists' will not be ; tempted to remain - in it, although 'they can find ready remune ration for their investments 1' Or that the native borii 'boys and girls' fly away. from 'the million of acres'; with as little regret at the separation as i- the said ' million' were located in the ' Dog Star,' or in Borne other outof the-way and inaccessible region / Or, how comes it thnt ' the steady, indus trious farm labourers' and ' domestic servants,' whethei imported or native born, make their expatriation from Tasmania so soon as the means are acquired to enable. them, to take the first step towards building up or pro curing permanent homes for them selves I And -then. again,, when we come to look at the ' million acres reported; 011' and refei'red.to by the ' writer, we find the capacity of the reporters im peached, upon the authority ~of-the Executive Government itself, nnd that the best portion of- the 'million' has since been sold to the ' land-sharks,' whose first care Ls that no ' industrious farm labourer,' ?'' small ? capitalist,' or ' bor.est domestic servant' shall ever become free holders of the,soil if they can help it ' We were under the im pression that the general, nay the universal complaint, of the small num ber of heads of families to Tasmania is that, they do not know;how to iemploy either tlieir _{' boys or ..their, girls,' and that only for the proquirtity'of the otht!r Australasian . settlements, -which afibiiU for the present an outlet to our surplrig'' 'population,' ''the'.'.sdris and daughters of our tradiijg,. conunercial, jOiuJ . professional -, classes, ? would : have either to serve .us -domestic servants and furm labourers for 'the 'few ' hind slmrks,' or else 'tuni'totoliew and grub ni the forests for. tljo'meaiis.of procuring n'liare 'existence.. ,.;iWiiy.. we; condemn ,snch publications, as we rare .referring to, is ', thatjthoy.teiid to -Jr.iw: our at tention away' from ''the'; circumstances pf ,oiir. position, and divert us iiito chan nels' of thought H-Iiiohliayo.no cpnnec tiijii with the'sburees whicli slowly, but 'certainlyl. .lire ; leading' to ' a : , state. ' of things which the pressure of increasing population in all the colonies will some .^ayjV'ng to a conclusion far from satisfactory* to those who look \vith con fidence to the growth among us of such a territoritil proprietory as lias never yet existed in any modqrately . peopled country.' Our business' is to turn thought, if we can, into its legitimate courses, by laying- bare tilings as they actually* are, niidnot iw we shonld wish them to be; nnd for this reason we shall continue to pursue tlie line , of, olisorva tions we have just entereirl- -upon.'. -.:... \- . ''?' ' ? ? ? 1 ' . The cominerc'ml crisis at Launt'cstdn, of which it is hardly ':sa.fe. to. say we have beard the last, has revealed some startling facts, and has proved how little morality governs trade. ? Among- the ? cases that come most prominently into relief is that of -V. W/AVhitc,' whose' act of fleeing from the colony while his case .wan progressing; helps to. convict him. We cannot under stand what prompted this man to flee. It appears that he bad made matters all right witb-hU local creditors; he was not the only offender against commercial morality. The odils were just as much that he would escape as that he would- be convicted. Common fairness to bis partners ought to have induced him . to remain' an'dJ boldly face the issue. Perhaps tbe words of Shak *pere were true in: this case, 'Conscience makes cowards of us all.''.' PaBsing from the. personal, to the, general -upe'et uf .ihe'case.'hcrcis food for. still more unpleasant reflection, : W. W. White ii no novice in - the art of insolvency. Two' 'years'- ago- he hdd: to 'arrange with his creditors. , It is fair, therefore, to presume thai, he had no capital, when ; he agaiu started in burincss., A few days. ago. he tailed for overiiloj.ooo, and could show hardly any assets. The question naturally ariiics— How has. this man been able to trade. to such au extent? ' We arc afraid it ia not difficult to supply the answer. Tn his previous failure it in very likely that sonic wholesale' bo'iire, either : here or in Melbourne, was sharply hit. The firm then quietly acquiesced in taking whatever hey could get. -yhitc Marts again in busi jicss, and bnys of this firm'.' At 'first they, pake him pay cash; gradually they give iim a small credit. On the strength of that rcdit;personB*hoknownothingorlittlebf he man'^jaurt cire^^tDtfr .into.businesa .X 11 O T T Jt A a 0 li with him, tend him large qnantitici of g-Kxls, and grant him favourable term) oi credit. With tbe goods obtained from othef sources he will pay Jhe men,, who have given him the little credit, 'and ^who7 by charging him improperly high pric's, have recouped, tbeinwlves for their 'pre- vious losses. How the uufortunitely con fiding people are to: be paid is never' dreamt about ; all thst is conwdercd t» how long the game can be carried on, and how much comfort can be obtained at the ex pense of others. That this has been the ?«perati6irih'at''hair' been 'performed ' in: White's caw h almost set beyond; a doubt by the evidence .that has already licen pj-enj.but we.are almost inclined to.think. that if a inan like Mr, Moton Mom, sup pos-'il'to be a man of the world, mid a rtliarp, clever man of business, cametfouc the dupe of W. W. White, it mii»t:liiv«: been his own fault.; It in clear that he was sending large quantities of gooils, :in4 receiving no proper account or pccniiiarv returns beyond pieces of paper «allel bill*, which said bills' must have bejn, in the eyes.of a man like Mr. Jloton Moss, of no greater worth than a man*s mere proinis-e. tliat he would pay. It is quite clear that' Jlr Muton Mos- was citber for once very eredulonfi, br else that he trnxteil too much to tbe strong arm of the law to secure him' his line. While we cannot yet say tint there ohould be no recovery for debt, *ave incases where fraud can be proved,, we must deprecate a practise we believe to be but too common, namely, to give a man credit simply because. if he does not pay, he can be made to pay. Thcro is \jltle iloulit that in thcii-'dayB excessive credit 'is given, and that, too, as a general rule, to those most unworthy to receive such favour. The small man who is struggling hard to raise himself in the world find* it a Very hard thing to obtain that modicum of credit sii all-essential for bin peace of mind, and the extension of his business' Vela man like -W.W. White finds-no dif ficulty in obtaining unlimited supplies, aiul but for the inopportune failure of a. still bigger house, there is no knowing how long the game might have uecn kept up. That one fact alone proves the low standard of commercial --morality ; though thcre.are many other instances thatwight be cited to prove that assertion, we will content ourselves with one. It appears, by a report on Wednesday's Jiaaminer, that on the previous day a meeting of the creditors of Mr. George Hubbard wnshcld at the office of Messrs, Douglas arid Col lins. An offer of a five-shilling composi tion was made;. 'but 'on the motioH of the representative of Mr.Askeii Morrison, the holder of. the greater portion of the accommodation paper, this was rejected; and 'it was; resolved to pass the estate through the Bankruptcy Court. Now, what say the figures ? , Mr. , Hubbard fails for £13,980 13«. lid.';. In this acT .cmiimodation for Me'ssrs. Peters, , Mar'n aril, anil Co. to'the extent' of 49ifi'6-8 ''? chideuV Jrr ' ilub'bard's factual „ trade liabilities'iiiay^thcrcfore be^said to be 'ij4,a'04'i3s 'lid. His declared assets are £4,79G ?19s:.8il ; so that, but for having obliged' .Messrs. Peters, Ilarnard, and Co., lie w(onIJ have had a balance at bis. b.ink ersof ^49*59 9d, However, he has done what tS-ilomon . characterises a mailness, gone surety for. another, and he must ali'uk the consequence. Mr. Morrison,' on' the other hand, will be entitled to rank as a creditor of both estates ; ami the unfnrtn uatc Mr. Ilubbard msy.bc keptfor months in suspense. Till he obtains hix discharge, even his earnings -as i a clerk will mot lie safe, and the only result will be that the revenue of the country will '? to some cx tent'be fed;by the feestbat will lie' levied on'every' hand, and which can '? be s'igina tised by no- other term thatylhat of a rapacious character, reducing: the credit or's dividend, and stabbing in the, dark. the; alrcady.'sore,ly woundeij commercial reiju-i tation-df tbe. bankrupt.... .'.,'''-.?,-.?.':? A most pitiabje instanoc of 'the ' ill efrUts of submitting to the iiiHuencos of ali.ior iiml temptation, the children who arc rcarcdiriour.Stttteinatitutio'ns.wasbrimght to light at the City Police Court on Thurs day morning. .' 'A boy, who had been sub jected in his earlier youth to the trainiug and the influences of the Queen's Orphan Aeylum, having lost ' his parents in iu fnncy, nnd become a qualified candidate for the.protcctlon qf |bc Cjtiardiaijs of that institution; was, in due course, j'apprinr 1 iced' to a milkman, and in the service of bia master, besides, being Instructed,; in the art and mysteries of . the profession of a dairyman, was first introduced to' a know ledge of the' astonishing capacity of money as a means for acquiring certain luxuries which his short experience in tbe outsii'e world gave him a desire to indulge in. Neycr havingi before experienced the actuation; of handling current coin, and now being continually in the habit of re ceiving it, and ne,ver baying been pla:cd in a. position to't entertain any otherthan the 'merest' [abstract notions of; his em ployers', right to .it, what wonder that he i laid himself open to a charge of embezzle ment,' by occasionally appropriating small sums. Having pjcaded guity to, the charge Ithcrewas no alternative for the Beach but in due course of law to commit him to prison, where he is not likely to_conceiye. more correct notions of conventional hon-' «»ty than he acquired while in the Orphan age.': ! There may be 1 special ; features !in this boy's character 'which - would ' account for his divergence from the path of vecti tutlei under other circumstancca than those of his special ' training and ' sudden contact with temptation, bnt as he has so recently, become a victim to the system of assigament which cxiatu,. we must needs take him for an example, and suppose him to be— as we are' certain the majority of hU.fellowrare— morally and' neutrally up to'-'the Standard 'of 'the ' a'veragcjhomet', rested boy. ..jHeBtarteiin the .race of lift with the lad from the fireside, and although he bai been carefully instructed by precept 1 tL'l. -.'ijVMVX'ir. U'i jli'Lcda'a' --t' ''' to lead a good life, he is ft'orful]^ I weighted on account of a superkl ? amount ct virtue Wj^p^SS; ? His rival 19 required to 'keen hi.i H frompickiugL,,,aling,:nPa1:i08;J:| but then, in the one instance, then.,, ' I .eethatwh,«verha, the labour J?S I ?°n 'h.al'.Pay «* i«. a»d the boy „ I general thing, gets some .mall share of V I wage, to .,.end, while ,he ^'J* ? Stateisletoutforanumberofyear.^ ! I fee or reward of ever so Wding™^ ? encourage him either in iadustr™ ? honesty.— We are at' one 'with ' Mr 'V ? shiUing of guerdon should be ,,1°,' ? .for.by.thojeJrhoJlct.tbe.part of L f I to the fatherly a^Mo.Xit11:™ I fcmces there is so-iinatinhl,. V H that.ou.each board-day the B arfa'1 ? 'at.their.wif,. enU , in «me £™f ' '' I ply it, purely »U,bese peopled '5 I prefer that source of'Mhnr sii|,i,lv «im,,i. H on aceoupt.'of it, ch^pnes^l.tj'1 I would not nece^Hatc a great effiirt of h I imagination to surmise 'tliat s,,,ne do' -l» I would, tiirprefeMliecliilureaofuiei I he even'.f they had to.p;ty a8 those J2 I look for apprentices from private '^£ I and robmnting- competitor., ',„ thh £ ? would aet who csomcly in vario',u,in I winch arc too obvious for it t,', [ ' ? I sary.morc ; than barely to mei,,ion 'f* I I he meanest kind of people wonldnoii,,.,: I as they would get children ei,eW|/ere\i I out entering into the btmd. 'w,.^ I law m the case of the State orphan ? 'it. I apprentice wouW havc 80me t.nngiWe^roof I of the result* of hi,. labouri „„,, ' ' ? quently more respeet for his employer and I his service ; the Guardian, WMila nrithave I to send away weak ami BiVkly cJiil.lrcn I simply because they liail arrival' at 'tk ? .tipulate.1 age ; poor people outrfOc would I not be subjected to an mifhir compctitbn I ami, -more than ,^11, there wonia i,'e |o I likelihooa' ofthc little novice in thewfiil', I ways stealing a shiilmg from Ins master I during the week, when lie knew be, ironW I have two of bis own when Saturday ni»ht I canW. ! . . : ' ? ' ? Dmtii or Mr. , A. C. ConW-iv. li«™ I tn record the death on thii 1st SontcmW nl ? Christehureh, New Zealand, of M A ft „,' I ?Cnspo-Cottrel,- solicitor, cMatsWoMS, I late A. C. Cotterell, -Esq., fonnerlyof Urn- I ceston ami this. city. Tlic.ileccasnl gcntlcnun I served his artlelea with It r. A4.ni,, S, I sohcitor-^eneml,' and shortly niter Mi .1 I mission, % 11803, left thw. shore forChrirt. I churcli, where he eontiiined to anutin vatit I his death. He was married to Mils Daiai a I daughter of one of nur old I'resbytafen, »«,. I isters. . Mr.- Cottrell w.-u in hii 37th y«r I and waa greatly respected. 1 Nuwsp.iPKn 'Mt-scci.AR CunmuMTr.' I —The Newautle Pilot, of the 18th iiisUnt, I Ifeferring-lo tho cowardly attack recently I made 011 ono of oar runnors, ami «t t!i« sama I hmo remarking upon an attnek which in I made upon one of its own liroprictorj, eiicjVs I thus:— 'From a Ta«iiai!inn KnsW m I learn. that Newcastle, N.S.W., iinotexcln- I sive amongst tho Australias for pl^yfiil ra, I monstrance A{pirisit the advance of 'a nevs- I paper to tho importance cif ,i 'Da'dj-.' It I lsrtruc, here, we liail tho ailranfai^e in choice I of -weapons, and also as to the object'1 «I I assault,- a ? lifo preserver ' (V) ' ,.(«(/«/ ,r» I fitting,' on a propriotnr of tho Dally 1'ilol, at I Newcastle ,v,while at Hobart Town bmckla I only were U3cil 011 n, small boy romicr, who I ventareil to offer for sale the Daibj Triliiur. I Yet tlio inbrol ia ill favour, of Tasmania,. Iw I tlje 'sqitLuian'-who assauHedtliohoYiR I it openly, o,nd paid penance it tlio U I Court ; whereas the mijtntnl, lint not mil. I rietnl Newcastle Rufllon (haviiw'cUoscntbt I cloak' of night to hide Ills malicious deed), I escaped, miuus his 'life preserver,) witUoidy I tba opprobrium of . every man' in tho com- I niuiiity, nota coward liko himself. A'pemy I DaUy,' like,tbo Pilot, tho . Tril.mir »,-k-t. I over, the 'best igot up paper of itsxhmin- I theso cnlonics,: outaide of .Melbourne, aud «'( I wish it tbe success it deserves. ' v I Tire CASTj:iincitv tax.— An application I waa'maile at the Police Court, yesterday, for I a transfer of tbe license of tlii« hpuie'till I lioit licensing day, from Mr.-MyVtlnpn- I sent owner, to one William Spamgmve. Tl« I .police objected to the transfer on two cropnal I (1.) that tbb ai-iilicaat proposed to asiociits ? I with himself in the carrying-on of the tali- I ness, tine of his dniightera, a Mrs. Chandler, 'I who had kept another public-house in an iiri- I satiafactory nianner';' ai»l.(i?.) that it vis I illldesimble to' grant licenses' to .lingle' pef- I sons. Mr. 'l'arletoi) Dohited out tliiit tl)l| , I latter/objoctiou. favoured somewhat of an I urbitl-ary charaotcr s but, in tire face oftlt ' I applieation being nnpoiod, and that no hard' I atiip could \\-: done— next licuulng iky I being on the 2nd November— the application was rcfiued. . , , ' ? .'. ' I 1 WiifDUar. Ritterv 'Poixt.— During He severe gale, which blew at, intervals throagu- I out yesterday, BOmo pieces of tho woodwork . were detatched from tho head of tho wad mill, and fell in dangerous proximity to''th« dweUiurain tbo iuimediato vicinity. One formidable piece was projected into the y»nl at tlie baok qf Mr. :I!ule's Iiqnsle, r,nd aT;olj(« oloso to Mr. Neecllinm's. In ? liotli jd».W - there nro: man'y 'oblldren always (fa™! about, and it is a matter for consratulation tliatnonoliaimenedtobeinthe vicinity at the time. The woodworks crowning tto mill are exhibiting, of late, evidencej of neirleot, and require to tbo looked to. '-«» serious consenucnccs may result from alloff ing them to remain in sueh a state as to t» seattereij about in pieces' oyor a tlijckjy jejq; latcd noigiibourliood. . ' ? ? | '' :? Cotosism1 Bitii— An .Influential medjnjf wasbeldyestenlay»ftenioonBttlioTomiH«ll, for tho purpose of perfecting arrangements in connection 'With the proposed Colonuu Ball. Sir. I. M. Wilson occupied the ctar, ami the folWing gentlemen wefo appoiow sub-coinmitteeis to -cany out the details in connection with tbo ball i-MeMn. C, M, MaxweU, Hon. T. D. Chapman, His «»'W tbe Mayor, R. P. Adaiiis, C. J. Bayly. «.?, V..^Iorris,,J.Bi«Iencope, J. 0. Davto -?? P.Maoing,'J. Perkins, inn,, P. s»l«'. Thoa. Lovns, H. Cook, Sir J. M. Wilson, C. Des Venx, Henry Dobson, John Fomter, A O. W.bster, M. Allport, Jos. MoFurlanejA,' HuybenC. F; BcUtead, It. Walker. The Thoaamos' of ' the whole committee wll 0? ?found in our advertisiuftcolunuis'. n Tiik Bellrinoers rt Nw Xoiikolk.-^o Monday evening tho residents of aow J* folk will havo an opportunity of witnc*nng tho . performances of the. .above cnnjeni artistes, tlio charming music from whose ' liells, rendered BtiU ihoro 'beautiful from the '?derating tunes which they select, lias «'. Seligbting thoi-ooplo of Hobart Town for souio time past. ? It is not often a company'1 bellriogers comes amoiigst'iis, and their per formance is therefore somewhat novel. »» wo add that the'Lynch fainily's entertain ment is also varied and interesting, wo 'eel certain that they will bavd ' a laiw n««'!' anco at Now Norfolk oirMtfndiiy ?nvM 1 Xdf :XitH: IAcoidkst 'AT ' ? HAirnvn*;-' : may not bo genorally knoirn that tlie yomjg. manEaJkerwhoMcentlysustaine'l «*2Ji injurie»fromtb«ljnnrtuig;of his; gvrn, o»» , . the preservation' of hi. life, in a gnat »«' ; . .lai-L'';., . .,,, .„?-?, ?iIl'MS'1V'!(*''^itiiJsd'i!..iJi.-i'-.--''''[:'''1 aura to tho valuable instruction given during the recent course of lectures dclivored under the auipices(of ; the-, Mercantile. Assistants'' ',' Aaaooiation.,; Mr. ff^Robb, of this city/ wns i' .present when- the, acoident opcurred,^ i and . profiting by Dr. Beiija&pld;'s directions, im mediately applied a tight ligature i above Hie elbow. Part of tho hand having been .blown off, this was the ouly method of stopping tho copious flow of blood, and as the sufferer had to travel for four hours before medical assist ahco could be obtained,' there ia no doubt that his life was in'im'minint danger, and had it not been for . the presence of mind dis played by Mr Eobb, tho accident might have 'resulted fatally. ' ' ?''' '' ...'. ' ; The Bbllrisoers;— Tho very Bnccessful ? ' ncaaon which tho talented Lynchfamily, and their amusing colleague, Mr. Harry Kceloy, have justeorapletod, was last night' as sue- ccBsfully termlridtd, as on Wednesday week it was inaugurated.. .In apite of their having choien,' or haling 'been compelled to choose, the Oddfellows' Hall for thoir entertainment —which howevor woll suited for their- pur- pose is far froni centrally situated— they havo had no reason tb'bbmulaiu of a want of ap preciation during their stay in Hobart Town. Every night the capacity of tho house has baen tested, ami on aoveral occa sions numbera aufflcient to nialai a tolerable audience have been turned away from the door; we apeak advisedly in the singular number, and regret that there arc not two, so that ono entrance might bo appropriated to those who prefer a front seat. Wuorovor we go we hear nothingbnt the most r.ptnrous expressions of delight at tho rcinenibrtmco of the enjoyment that hua been occasioned by 'muaio's golden tone 'so happily attained by this accomplished family. Thcro is nothing left to regret on either side savo the nnnnamfvnf lini-tillCT. UHll 11R fhtt PniltmitTlllltnd provincial tour of tho Messrs. Lynch is but limited, our farowcll notice, however enthusiastic and favourable, cannot be of the service to them we would desire, yot wo urge upon our readers at New Norfolk and Rich inond not to allow the opportunity to cscapu them of being delighted na wo have been by pnying a visit to tho Australian Bcllringcrs. 1'kiokh ? arox TnAVEi-LEns— All elegantly attired though 'hardly a prudent and well hchaved yonng lady waa observed by n friend of ours, who, we fear, was more amused than shocked at the unseemly exhibition— in in indulging in two or three pranks in Liver pool- street, yesterday afternoon,- which we arp surprised wero not tho occasion of the recording officer at the police Btatiph havinjj to make an entry against1 her, which would take more than a tear -to. obliterate A venerable. old gentleman was wending his way along tho ricketty sidewalk, when the ?lady who was running a muck at civilisation . and propriety, espied a handsomely-houud vnliimoi'peepiiig ont ofliia sidecoat pocket, which: bIio - dexterously abstracted, and rapidly passed into the hands of a male byo Btander-— who may havo been a friend. Not -.- to bo beaten inireadiness'of reaourcca by the expert appropriate, he grandly walked after tho old gontlemnn, politely offered tho book to; him,' and philosphically pocketed the gratuity which . tho gratiude of the deluded victim prompted him to tender. The succosa . uttcmimg lus Hrst essay, encourageii Her to bolder, breaches of decorum; and she com nienccd indiscriminate ? attempts 'at dis lodging i passing bell- toppers; nud in the Becdiid instance the gossamer of agontlemanly pedestrian flying, and the wind-picking it up, it went careering and richochetting don-n the street as if it meant the Iron Pot beforo sundown. Circumstancea, however, enabled; tho owner shortly to recover it which having -been 'done, -no returned to the locality where he stood when ho lost it, evidently looking for the girl that did it, mid the beaming cxpreaaiou of absorbing interest in her welfare that1 lent. a momentary but j)Tcsi(preBsihlo oh or in to his countenance, our informant' told ua, needed to be seen to bo appreciated, ' ? ? ' ' Horn or Tasmania Lodoiv I.O.G.T.— An entortainment was given in connection ?with tho nhovo lodgo at tho Ebonezcr School- room, Murray-streot, last oveningj Bro. ? Doyle, W.C.T., in tho chair.'' The attend anco was : very meagre, but tho various speakers and pcrformera did their beat to render tho meeting attractive ; aad at tlje pouclnsion Uip chairman inyitp(l thosii prp Bcnt, who were not 'already members of tho order, to becomo auch at onco. - Bazaak at LoNaroBD:^-A uotioo appears ol«cH'here,,annouiiciiig that abaiaar, in aid of Presbytery,! will bo iheld at Longford dur ingtho Christmas holidays,'' , ? ?: -?? ! . - Oati.aniw Road Trust.— Oh reference to ouradvortiBing' columiiB, ' it will be seen 'that* the above trust invite tenders for' the con struction of various and-important works. , Tbndkrb.— ilr. Henry Hunter invites ten-' dern tlirnuirh nur lmninnRs' columns for tho erection or' a grand stand' 'on tho now racb coureo. :, . ;''' ; '.',' ' ' i A Yoysq Fikakcikb, and his Yousoku AiiMiiiiiB:— Ouf contemporary; tho ChiPoukli, has' been converted . into 'a' beliovor in Mr. FyahV pro-eminence' as a 'financier, and voucheB for tho soundness of tiiBopinions as to tho progressive ami prosperous stato of the'colouy. ? It eoniurb in all thattho ' ' Young Fipancicr ' has allcge'd &i; tp, the satisfactory Rtato. of our trade' ami commerce. ', ' ThiB fliango iii'ourcontcmporary's opinion is yory re- assuring; we may mow hopb that wo sual hear' the lnst' of ''annexation to \ictona'. : and the incapacity of legislators ami. Parlia- ment, seeing' that. our. finances'1 liavb been placed «n a satisfactory footing,' ami that the- opposition to the Government has bceii proved to have beecn factious and wireasoii-! able. If the commercial crisis has done no other good, it haahad, evidently the effect of bringing' tho ' young 'Financier ',' and' hjs '?? younger admirer into '6I636 'political' and lmitunlly admiring relations. This conjnilc-; jilit»,Hniirfqr thla reason, it is to be hopod, It may long continue. Thero is a vast deal' of valuable work done by that, mysterious! [?? machine, which operates on the principle of I 'wheels within -wheels,' and we suspect [ this edifying reconciliation of ancient. poli-; I tical antngomstB is one of its best and finished I aiiecimcns. : I Al'tUMATlZATION, — A consignment of sal I nioit ova, oonBiHiiig of about a tlwusaud I Wt|iy; young flah, arrived on the Oth of I Buptaiilier, 'by- the'Bella Mary, from Hobart I lown. 'Great care has been taken of the ova t on the paBuge.acrosB by Captain McArtbur, I who', by the way.has conveyed them free of I cliMge. The Bella Mary, owing to tte wind I 'net tide, waa compelled toi anchor at tho I North Head, aiid.tlie supply of ice having ? hecowe exhausted,' the captain took .the E earllU opportunity of sending a message to B the «ocioty'« curator, who immediately aent ? (lawn to the vesserfoFthe .prucioua freight, ? which waa in a short time' transferred to the ? ? pondB, ?nrepored'for'the reception of tho flah, ? »t the Domain. ; Of theae tight hundred fish ? nave beon hatched, and all appear to be in a ? healthy condition!. Only -seven, of the ova ? furnoj ant-bad.'-- It is to be hoped that good ? results will1 follow such an : excellent -bo- ? pmiing.— fr, Z., Jltrttlfi; E4th September. 1 ? A Cool Djupkba'do,— The ' Newcastle ? i'lfoioftho.lst Ootobor aays:— ' Between ? one and two o'clock yesterday afternoon, Mr ? Ahern, Customs boatman, observed that the ? door of the Harbour Master's dfflco was open,' ? wth the key ontaide. ; Entering ' to ? see if ? anything waa wrong, he found ' a' man pack ? ''K.»P telescopes, papers, - and a nnmbir of ? articles, tho nroDortv of the Harbour Mas'-' ^m to. On being 1 questioned, 'the iittruder S^m 'liowcd flRht, and' Ahorn prepared to do Ho with theJintehtioii'df ejecting n cap »? ?Belioving, hb'woyer.Hnat'tWs' might ^^ . * matter dfTBomo.difficulty'if attempted ^m xngle-handed, as his opponent was of sturdy ?si ^Portions, .and ovidently. had mischief ? in. H Wm, Aherh-acVed tdwards- the ^ door, with' ^B front to the foe, intending to obtain : ossiot anco.. .AVatehinghis oppiirtiinity-heslipped out of tho door; which ho immediately cloSed and limited; leaving the wjnld-be thief thus safely aujurcd inaiilo. .Mr. Ahern next ran to tlu pi?lico station, and, having stated tho ciuu, .Sergeant Donohoo and Constable Robiu-' son returned with him to tako . the man in thorifllcoin cliarab. Meanwhile, however, tho latter had not boon idle. Ho endeavoured to escape through the windows, ' not observing, . apparently, that the . latter \vuro .strongly barred ' with iron ; dut Bido ' tlio glass; autl in doing ao. Binaahod a eonaidcrable quantity of glass, aa well as the wooden' sashes. '. Finding his attempts to 'got out ineffectual, ! he prepared fur resistance, and, from his shadow on the wall, which could bo seen when the door was partially opened, it appeared aa if ho had .inino implement uplifted wherewith to strike the flrst person who 'entered. This'' proved to be tho case, as, when Sergeant Donohoo went in with a rush; he received a violent -m mi tuu uuuk irum u s^yginati wiuiucu »y the thief. ' Constablo Robinson enterod sim ultaneously with tho Sergeant, and they nmciuatoiy Boizcd tuoir man, wno ottered n desperate resistance, and handcuffed him, after which hocamo quietly as far 'as tho. lock-up door. Here, ho again rosintod, mid by some nicaus freed himself from tho hand cuffs. With somo trouble, however, ho was eventually locked up on a charge of being illegally in tho Harbour Master's office with intent to commit a felony. , When placed ; in tho coll ho gave his name as Edward Hughes and stated that ho was a seaman belonging to tho ship John Korr. He was evidently under the influence of drink, and on being interro gated Inter, ho stated that ho was mad drunk when captured, and did not know what he was doing. The caso will bo brought on for uimriUK no tuo x onea i^oiirb. A Too Fond Lover Betrayed — Last Saturday's N. Pilot says : Wo arc indebted to Captain Arnold, of tho Restless! (whoso ves sel arrived in Newcastle Harbor on Thursday ovoning), for tho particulars of a' remarkable ' occurcucc at Noumea, in connection with tho escape of M. Ilochcfort and his compat- : riots, rosultiug in the captiiro of 0110 of tho ' principal accomplices in tho escape. It will bu recollected by somo of our readers, that when tho escaped Cnmmuiii-its arrived first at Nowcastlo per tlio P.O. 13; lrarciuo, -thoy wcro i\ cc 0111 null icd by ti Germfl.ii, who was said to have aided tho escape by taking tho prisoners in. his boat, and placing thorn bu board tho vessel. This was a fact ; audiin uc time the Gcriiiun (wliosc iinnio .lins not transpired) went to Melbourne ; but haVing, it appears, left a ' lady lovo ' behind hunlnt' Noumea, owing to tlichurry of 'ddpartufd,1 he bethought him to return and fetch, her. With this view, ho returned to NowrCalb-! donia, hut to hia grief,' found tlio ladyuu faithful and married to ,a man named Con 'liors.'a ballast mastcK Tliis'miforaobu circumstance drove tho . forsaken lover' nlmoa't inad, , or olsb. being. 11 .man of violent passions, ho 'in'cdiilltcd'rovongo i at' any rate ho thought' prpper;to show a piatolj' and thrcaton tho ,'' hapiiy'' couple '' tho , il-!' iimimwnl being that' the wife iiiforu.iod.tho French authorities of the eonipliui ty of her former Inver in aas'Is'tliig M. Robhefort to es cape; and Captain Arnold ;saw' '.the' uiifqrtu; uate, ironed and closely guarded, boiiic taken1 to the convict station, on tlio Island of N™1' Two days boforo tho Rostlcss left Noumea' for thiB port. .CaptamVAfiiold saw Connors land from a boat after :n' visit to tho island, where tho culprit lay ili durance vile. Cap. tain Arnold states that he tried to speak a good word for tho 0110 who had i' loved ncnV wisely, Jjut too well,',', but ponnnra was uii-' relenting in ddtonnhiation to help on the worst, and' it only transpired that tho trial had commenced, but had not concluded, i - 