FRENCH AGRICULTURE. [From our own Correspondent.] Paris, November 29. Paris, It may seem strange to many to be informed that the agricultural world in France is organising a crusade against the reprehensible practice of allowing lands to lie in fallow. The evil is more general than might be supposed, and is limited to no particular district; if it does not pro gress neither does it retrograde.♦ Perhaps we are about where Young found us. This state of things is not creditable; the system does not enrich the sou, bnt im poverishes the fanner, and yet it exists despite the lessons of science, conclusive examples, and against even the good sense of those who adopt it. In other respects the agriculture of France has made rapid strides in the way of progress. The obstinate adherence to the triennial rotation, two grain crops succeeding a year's fallow, is attributed to deficiency of capital, which does not allow of the farmer tnnitifauning stock—that is, to have a supply of manure; to Che pro prietors, who consider their interest to lie in the cultivator not taking as much as he can judiciously from the soil, bnt in his not using out the land; to leases which stipulate that a fallow shall be adopted ; but perhaps tlie priucipal cause may be traced to routine. According to reliable calculations, the fallow system entails a loss of 75 franca per acre ; and per contra, were this sum expended on manures alone there would be a net gain of 90 francs per acre instead of a loss. Market-gardening is the essence of the rotation principle; plants there are alternated with judgment and are well manured. What would such a cultivator think if he were advised to leave a plot ontiUedfor a twelvemonth! Naturally he would laugh, and why ? Because ha is aware manures repair all breaches made in the fertility of bis allotment. A. copious feast secures more true repose for the soil than a year's sleep. How ever, since farmers feel foreign competi tion excludes them from the wool and grain markets, and that the prioe of matt is chronically on the increase, the news city of cultivating forage and toot crops is producing converts, by that most eloquent and mildest of reasons to which we all submit ■elf-interest. The political agitations which «bb and flow like the tide, and unhappily nearly as regularly, are .telling on the position of the agncnltanl laborers, not only by compelling the farmers to practice economy, but rendering «??««nff«hiri«g operations so insecure that no workcan be found in the towns. In the cantos of France, where the farm laborer is best paid, his wages during the winter, or "short months,"are about 48Jfranes,or equal to one franc and three-qnatasn per day. Supposing he has • wife and two children, the consumption of bread for Che family may be estimated at tax pounds daily, which, at tin pries of one franc per four pounds, nearly absorbs all he earns. Farm servants in France am engaged at two seasons of the year—St. John* Day and All Saints; the former is the more important, as the wages piid for the period of four «n«ntfc? are about the same as are given for the remaining eight. On the two holidays in question the boys and gids assemble in tae market squares of the various towns to be triad ; the young women .carry a bouquet in their corsage, and Che lads a ribbon in a button-hole of their coat to indicate they are open to every eligible offer. Bow the first of this month the offers were ex ceptionally superior to the demands; fathers, suspecting hard times to be coming, recommended Chose of tbeh* children who were suitable, to relieve the.hive by Bonking employment. Unfor tunately, on the other eide, the farmer had made his calculations in a similar spirit. For simple John Hodge the worst of Governments is Chat under which he suffers hunger and can procure no work. Why cannot capital be as easily in vested in working a farm as in carrying on a factory? It is said the inability to clearly draft a deed of partnership, the impossibility of conducting a simple and intelligent system of bookkeeping, by which the capitalist oan comprehend at a glance how the money goes, are the «hief obstacles. The success, after six years* trial, obtained by ML de SaunVProjet, in bis plan of applying the principle of co operation to Che Mitayage system, merits attentive consideration, fit Che south, the west, and the centoe of France, it' comprised the Metayage region; Chat is to say, where Che landed proprietor con tributes tmore or less of Che stock and •hares Che produce with the cultivator. For proprietors whose occupations or tastes prevent their living near their lands, the M6tayage plan possesses serious drawbacks. To ameliorate it would include a social, as well as an agricultural benefit. * Co-operation, so far as fanning is con cerned, is but a new name for an old custom. M. de Baint-Projet allotted three different portions of his estate to what are called as many *'colonies," or groups of uuniuss. In Cms oase each family consisted of four able bodied in telligent men, their wives, and ohudren. A deed was drawn op wherein he gua ranted fixed remuneration in money or in land, and a share in net profits. He supplied them with Che capital to pur chase their share of Che stock, charging Cham 5 per cent, interest The advance has been repaid daring the fourth year in Cash, and the value of Che live ana dead' stookenbancedforinntaalbenefit. Where formerly eueh famines bnt vegetated, they now live. Having experienced Che attraction of acquired property, Che taste to add to it has been developed. Where Chen* was want plenty bow reigns, and if the families so desire they oan mum the wish of Henri IV.,toaeea fowl in the pit' every Sunday. Instead of dreaming of immigration to the town, Of families have become more attachedtothe country. Marriages have been contracted as pros perity increased, and happiness was only augmented Che more they became fruitful. Thirty yean ago Che milk daily sup plied to Paris arrived from a distsnos of SO miles; to^tay the milk for the ■napital is transported over an average distaste of SO miles, and a little as far as 120 miles. The city consumes about one quarter of a million quarts of mflk daily, which is retailed at six sous the quart, having been purchased originally bat for two. The unsold milk is made into white cheese, more or lass rich—otosted cream in a word. The mOk is forwarded to Paris every night by train, and is a mixture of the morning's with Hie evening's milking. To preserve the former fresh for 12 hours, it is plaoed in special vessels which are plunged into a water bath, and heated to 206 degrees— ever under the boiling point; the vessels ace then taken out, plunged in ?old spring water till the afternoon, when the contents are mixed in .common with the evening's m3k in an Immense tub, with a strainer inside, and then 'rapidly run off into the cans, which are at once covered down, tied, Mated tq prevent fraud, and in this state reach Paris at 2 in the morning. The wholesale dairymanis profit is about one centime, less than a f««hi^g, per quart, and the average expenses of collecting and transporting the milk, is nearly equal to its prime cost. In Switzerland farmers are ™Mng fortunes by selling milk to the various "condensing" companies, and Danish agriculturists are likely to find a market for fresh butter in tins. One of the oldest tod most important beet factories inFranoe is that of Bourdon, at llontfanand. It works up 360 tons of beet in the day, which is purchased at the'" rate of 16 francs per ten, the pulp being sold at 12 francs. The yield of Sugar varies from five to five and a-half per cent. Upwards of 23 tons of anolasssa are daily distilled, 200 lbs. of which yield 26 quarts of aleofeol, estd Che residue, when evaporated, produces from 10 to 17 per cent, of potash. The country nuad is very rich—more fertile than the 