General Summary. London, September 4. The mismanagement of the Pacific mail service excites serious misgivings here. The London agents have for two months declined to book passengers through to Australia. According to fetters of complaint in the Times the San Fran cisco agents refused to endorse the railway tickets of passengers from Australia per Tartar, although they had prepaid their fares to Liver pool. This involves great haraBhips, ana some were compelled to pawn watches and other valu ables to get on, and others are still detained in America. From explanations it appears London and American agents had warned the company's representatives in Australia that, unless the funds to pay the transit across the States and the Atlantic passages -were remitted, they could not guarantee passengers going forward. The agents' letter was acknowledged, but no money sent ; an offer was made to the Govern ments of Sydney and New Zealand to take over the contract, and continue the service in consideration of an extension of time, and other advantages An M.P., writing to the Times, suggests that self-supporting colonies should bear the expenses of vessels of the Imperial Navy cruising in their waters. It is the practice of the Dutch colonies, and the Press generally think it worth imitation. The sloop Sappho is to be immediately com missioned for service on Australian station. The Colonial Secretary has agreed to act as arbitrator between British Columbia and the Dominion for the settlement of the disagreement respecting the terms of the union, provided both Governments agreed to accept his decision as final. Mr. Henry Holland has resigned the Assistant Under-secretaryship of the Colonies, and is the Conservative candidate for Midhurst. In his address to the electors he strongly advocated a closer connection between England and the colo nies as advantageous to both. After his return from Ireland, Sir Gavan Duffy visited Lord Carnarvon. At High Clerc, William Hopwood, a Tichborne witness, was sentenced to one year's imprisonment for bigamy. The claimant's late secretary applied for a sum mons against Mary Ann Loader for perjury. The application was referred to the Court of Queen's Bench. Mr. Sothern has relinquished the idea of visit ing Australia. The project is revived for erecting a permanent building for colonial exhibits. Mr. Childers was nominated chairman of the Great Western Railway in Canada. A prolonged ^discussion has taken place in London papers relative to emigration, principally to Canada. A Bohemian has published in the Times some doleful letters On his experiences and observations in the United States and Canada, which elicited replies from Mr. Edward Jenkins, Rev. Mr. Herring, and other promoters of emigration. A Philadelphian Society, established to assist Englishmen in distress, recommends temporary suependifig emigration to America, and is helping hundreds to return. The cntel misrepresentations of agents in Euglaud are strongly denounced artisaus especially are warned against leaving England ; the quality of men sent out is much complained of in Canada. The Times pronounces against Canada on account of the severity of climate, and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in preference, yet large cargoes are still being shipped off. 500 labourers and families left last week ; ^aud the agricultural strike having collapsed, Mr. Arcli threatens wholesale deportation to Canada. Mr. Taylor, the secretary, has gone over on a tour of inspection. Irish emigration has greatly declined. 130 immigrants from Shetland have lefc in the steamer Schiller, for New Zealand. The deceived emigrants have just returned from Brazil to Berlin in a wretched condition. A resolution was passed for winding-up the Blinman Consolidated Copper Mining Company. The Bank ot Australasia paid a secand divi dend of 5£ per cent. The Van Diemen's Land Company have decided to construct a tramway through Emu, by loch. Tallerman's Meat Agency Company has de clared another dividend of 10 per cent. The labour market still remains in a highly in flamed condition. The wages question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affect ing 40,000 persons, after lasting eight weeks, was terminated on August 26 by submission to the master's terms. On the same day, at a meeting of 13,000 slate quarrymen near Bethesda, it was agreed to accept the concessions of Lord Penrhyn, subject to |he dismissal of two obnoxious agents. The minimum weeklv wage is 30s. to skilled men. These conditions being refused, the men have cleared out their tools from the quarry. The miners of Fifeshire and Clackmannan hav ing refused to submit to a' reduction of 15 per cent., the masters have decided on a general lock- out. The men, however, have not agreed ; 2100 voted for resistance, and 1154 for accept ance ; 3300 have not voted. A secession from the Union is probable. In West Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire, and Durham, notices of a reduction have been given by colliery owners, and a similar movement is impending in Northumberland. The Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of reduction to arbi tration in London, and the decision affirmed demands of employers for 12iper cent, abatement. Some Leicestershire miners have struck agaiust reduction of Cd. per day. After a protracted resistance and several conferences, the South Wales miners agreed to submit to a 10 per cent, reduction on condition that wages are not again lowered during the present year. The bulk of lccked-out labourers have obtained work, without surrendering tickets, at improved wages. Many aged men, however, by joining the Union will have to enter the work house. The lock-out lasted eighteen weeks ; 870 returned to work without giving up tickets, and about 400 are still unemployed. The pilgrim band finally broke up at Halifax, only 21 of the original 100 remaining at Bradford. About £700 was cleared ; they remain in Scot land till November. On his return from Iceland the Danish King visited Edinburgh, wherehe received an enthu siastic welcome ; a fleet of fourteen steamers went out to escort the Royal party, and the city was gaily decorated in their honour. The Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to Copen hagen. The Prince of Wales meanwhile has figured in a series of festivities at Plymouth, to celebrate the opening of the new Guildhall, cost ing £60,000 ; on one day there was a grand Free masons' demonstration, and on the closing day a military ceremony and performance of the ' Creation ' at GuildhalL The Prince arrived at Marlborough House on the 22nd: and during the day visited the Empress of Austria. The Prince aud Princess of Roumania, and Prince of Austria and the five Royal children, left the same day in the Royal yacht Osborne for Copenhagen. The Duke and Duchess of Ebinburgh, after being banquetted at Brussels, reached Folkestone on August 20, on their return from a Continental tour. The town was decorated, and an address of welcome presented. They have since been at Balmoral, and on the 28th the Duke pays a visit to Liverpool for several days. The Imperial Prince and Princess of Germany left Ryde on August 24 on a voyage back to the Continent. The Prince of Wales went to Berlin a week later, to be present at the confirmation of the Imperial Prince's eldest son on 1st September. He will accompany the Emperor to witness the military manoeuvres at Hanover from 13th to 19th iostant. The Austrian Emperor has arrived in England incognito to join the Empress at the Isle of Wight. M. de Jarnac is appointed French Ambassador in London. Two new Bishops, St. Davids and Central Africa, were consecrated on August 24th, in Westminster Abbey, by the Archbishop of Can terbury. The evidence being insufficient to prove the charges against Sir George Elliott, member for i North Durham, the petition was withdrawn. Mr. Gladstone, in his letter to the Guardian, 'denies the statement industriously propagated that the Queen had endeavoured to influence his conduct with regard to the Public Worship Regu lation Bill. The reversal by the Dean of Arches of the Bishop of Exeter's judgment in the Exeter rere dos case excites much interest in clerical circles. An appeal is announced to the Judicial Com mittee. The break-up of the Ashantee monarchy is quickly following the English victory ; the Kings. Dynabinand Becqua haying declined to renew their homage to King Coffee, he has appealed to the British Administrator at Cape Coast Castle for assistance ; the situation is further complicated by a report that the hostile kings have been promised support by the chiefs of Akim and Denkera, Cap tain Lees having gone to Coomassie to mediate has been well received. Lieutenant Coiner im a letter to the Foreign Office declares that the slave-trade still flourishes in a belt of jungle villages about a week's march from the East Coast, and to destroy this traffic he raoBtaendB the construction of a jruboad from Bagomoys to Ujiji, under the protection .of European Commissioners, and 1000 or 20001 soldiers. ' . Mr. Gladstone, as a shareholder in the Metro politan Railway Company, has written t» the* chairman recommending more moderate fares, and the substitution of two classes of passenger* for tbiee. To minister to the wants of the greatest number he regards the wisest policy. ? There are indications of a revival of liberal courage and unity ; three demonstrations have taken place at Frome, Brighton, and Sheffield, at which place spirited addresses were delivered by MeEsrs. Goschen, Fawcett, and Mundella, who spoke eanguinely ot the fntnre, and confidently of Mr. Gladstone's continued leadership. Professor Tyndall (president) delivered the' inaugural address before the British. Association,, the main thesis being that matter is the ultinSate source of all things, aud its own just came ; he demanded absolute liberty for scientific investiga tion, and the submission of religious theories, schemes, and systems to its decision ; he was afterwards ably supported by Professor Huxley. The Welsh national Eisteddsfod has been heldl at Bangor, and attracted an immense audience. The Bishop of Bangor presided. A Welsh, oration 'was delivered by Mr. Morgan Lloyd,. M.P. In the choral competition for forty guinea* and a gold medal, the_ prize was won by the Carnarvon Philharmonic Society. A harp and. other gold and silver medals were competed for.. It will be held next year in Conway Castle. An association is being formed in London to prosecute Ritualistic clergymen ender the new Act. An exciting controversy, inimical to the popu larity of the English Church, has been provoked by the refusal of clergymen, supported by the Bishop of Lincoln, to permit the word 'Rev.'1 to be inscribed on the tombstone of a daughter of, a WeBleyan .Minister ; the subject was brought before the Conference during its recent sittings. Archbishop Tait, 'S. G. O. of the Times, and. other correspondents condemn the bitter intoler ance of the sacerdotal party. The Henri-Martini rifle is about to be issued to ? the army without delay, and arm-chests are being;, manufactured at Woolwich sufficient to hold. 100,000 new weapons. The frightful increase of crimes of a brutal character, especially kicking to death, is provok ing an indignant outcry against the absurd. leniency of punishments inflicted, and even, magistrates declare that savage ferocity 13 gaining; ground, and must be met by repressive legisla tion. Flogging for brutes is the public demand. Cremation gains ground in European opinion* while in America German societies are springing up for burning the dead. On Saturday, August 22, the great hosiery factory of Messrs. Morley and Son, near Tottenham, was burnt down, and £100,000 worth of property destroyed ; 500 persons were thrown out of employment ; incendiarism i»- * suspected. Laxly on Sunday morning, Messrs. Richard- v son's large paper mills, near Yarrow- on- Tyne,,,. were consumed, estimated damage, £40,000; on Monday, an extensive conflagration occurred in Southampton Docks, resulting in the destruction, of a range of buildings ' occupied by the Royal Mail Company, and used as workshops ; the lose amounts to several thousand pounds. On Tues day, a fire broke out in the top floor of South, prison of Glasgow, and the flames were.no t, sub dued till the west wing was gutted. On the' 16th. August, owing to the ignition of thatched stacked bark, a considerable part of the town, of Market Harborough was burnt down. A de- ? structive fire occurred at Mr. Gresty's timber yard, Manchester, the loss is £40,000. Sir Arthur Guinness's extensive porter stores, at Shannon^ Yarborough, were totally destroyed by fire. The reconstruction of the Pantechnicon ia eight separate sections, provided with double wrought-iron doors, is rapidly proceeding. Four lives were lost c by a colliery explosion, near Hanley, caused by exposure of a naked candle. By an accident to the winding gear at the pit'* mouth, at Broad Oak Colliery, in Wales, twenty men were confined in the pit nearly two days. Two lives were sacrificed by a collision between mineral trains on the Rhymney Railway, near Dowlas. One heavy train dashed down a steep incline into another standing at the station, and .% killed driver and stoker. A terrible tragedy occurred at the Princess Club, Manchester,. on August 25, where a young merchant named Burge, after shaking hands with, another named M'Lean, shot him dead and then instantly slew himself, in a fit of temporary insanity. After a fortnight's search, the body of Mr; Wilton, a master of the City of London School, . lost on Snowdon on August 11, was found at the foot of a precipice. Another master was drowned at Whitby. The Mersey Docks and Harbour Board have intimated to the Gas Company that they hold them responsible for the destruction of the , landing-stage, through the carelessness of one of , their plumbers. * TheAchilian, an iron-clad, has been built at , Earles' yard. The hull was designed by Mrv . Reed. She made a successful trial trip. ,,*' Mr. Pugin continues his malignant persecution.' During a hearing at Bow-street on a libel charge brought against the proprietor of the Wcsbnumter Gazette, a writ was served on Herbert, at suit of Pugin, which provoked a disorderly scene in the, court, and scandalized the magistrate. Pugin was committed for trial for libel ; bail accepted. The Liverpool Leader was mulcted in .£2500 for? an alleged libel in exposing the rottenness of a public supply association, and £d. in another action for criticising the management of the Liverpool Theatre Royal. Mr. Wormald, of Lincoln College, succaeds Mr.. Staunton as editor of the chess column in the Illustrated Ifews. The Alexandra Park Races were attended bg 25,000 persons ; the fields were excellent. Saddler has accepted a challenge from George Brown, of Nova Scotia, to row for £500 and the championship of the world on October 19, at Coleraine, Ireland. In the inter-University race on the Dee be tween Aberdeen and Edinburgh, the former won. by a length. The QjMt N^rttwnL^r j^ptochldBwaBwpiv *by Trent, by half a length over Rostrevor ; at 'Oxford the Princess of Wales Plate was won by 'Cranbourne, and Wild Myrtle won the Oxford ?shire stakes. A ladies' cricket match has been played in .Bucks between two elevens, the Nash ladies in one iimiiigs scored 115 against 86 of their oppo nents' two innings ; one lady contributed Gl runs. ?1874 is the Centenary of the invention of cricket A match at Brighton between Sussex .and .Notts ended in a decisive victory for Susses. At the regatta of the Royal Victoria Yacht Club the Commodore's Cup was won by St. Ursula, and the Vice-Commodore's prize by the ?gutter Cythera. The Egeria again won the Prince of Wales's Challenge Cup. On the 25th August, a swimming race for amateurs for the championship of England, took place at Welsh Harp, London. Six men swam one mile in still water, and H. Davenport won by 80 yards, in 31 minutes 9 seconds. Ckircbelsons won the Great Ebor Handicap Stakes at York, with Blantyre second, Louis -third. The Baden-Baden Grand Prize was won by Prince Lohenlbe's Maestro. At Huddersneld, Jupp's eleven, with two innings, were beaten by a team of twelve of Las celles Hall in one innings. In a return match between Sussex and Gloucestershire, the latter made 412 runs in one innings, and Sussex 438 in one innings and part of a second. A railway to the summit of Vesuvius iB pro jected. Etna is in eruption. Brigandage is assuming dangerous proportions in Sicily. Passengers' rates have been raised on the -Americau and Canadian line. Freights will ?follow. Obituaby.— Ex Bishop Sumner, Alderman ?CJhallis, Lieutenant-General Sir James Lindsay, ?Sir Coventry Payne, Sir John Walsham, formerly 'Charity Commissioner ; Baroness Bernes, from a fall from horseback; Earl Annesiey, very suddenly ; Robert Sly, horse-trainer; Lord ?Gerdon, American impostor and swindler, ?who committed suicide on his capture by the detectives: Sir W. Wiseman, Sackwell Fox, J. T, Fisher, railway manager ? Lady Lees, Lady W. Russell, Vice-Admiral -cJastle, Sir T. J. Kemp, of Norfolk ; Rev. F. C. Ewald, missionary among the Jews ; Admiral Chaigneu, by the accidental discharge of a re volver while cleaning it; Forcade De La Roquett, \- ex Bonapartist Minister ; Rev. Jamas Shore, pro . secuted by Bishop Pbillpots twenty- iiva years ago, by a fall from his horse; Rev, H. Jenkins, of -Oxford ; Sydney Dobell, poet ; Frederick Morin, ?on the staff of Ravpel ; Lord Bellow's, son and heir toy suicide ; Mr. Betty, formerly known as Young Roscius ; Kenny Meadows, artist ; Hugh Glad . stone, nephew of the ex-Premier ; J. H. Foley, sculptor, interred in St. Paul's Cathedral ; Garth Marfcball, of Leeds, by falling into crevice on ., Mount Blauc, and the Countess Mount Edg cuoibe. 