ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. ADELAIDE, 13th October. (AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS.) The R.M.S. Pera arrived at 11 o’clock last night, after a splendid passage of 17 days from Galle. The weather was so rough as to delay the landing of mails till nearly 3 o’clock on Tuesday morning. i- : ■ SUMMARY OF NEWS. i v London, 4th September.; , Upon his, return,; from Ireland,- Sir C. Q. „ Duffy visited ;Lord-.-Carnarvon,-at Higholere Castle, in Hampshire. ■ . Commissioner Hop wood, who. was'a witness, in the ■Tichborne, case, has been, sentenced .to" a year’s im prisonment for bigamy-. .; The Claimant’s -late secretary applied for a.sum-’ inons against ’Mary Ann Loder for peijury/abd the applicant was referred to the Court of Queen’s Bench. Mr Hothern has” relinquished the idea of visiting Australia. . . . > . ' , ;. The'project lias been revived for erecting a perma nent building for the' Colonial Exhibition.' • ■ ' The Right Hon. H. C. E.- Childers; has been nomi nated chairman of the Great vAYestiafn Railway of Canada. : - , ; . - ; - The labor market still remainsin a highly inflamed" condition, and the wages question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affecting 40,000 per son’s, after lasting eight week's, waa terminated' on the 26th August, by.submission to the jn asters’ tarms. On the same day," at'a meeting 'attended by 12,000 persons, and ;some quarrymen • near Bethesda, : it; was agreed to accept the. concessions .offered; by, Lord Pen’rhyu, subject to the dismissal-of : two. obnoxious agents, and the minimum weekly . wages to ; be 30s, to - skilled men. These,": conditions [ being refused, the . men; have , cleared’, out ", their tools from the quarry. . The miners.of Fifeshire and Clack manansbire having refused to submit to a reduction of, 15 per cent.; the masters have decreed: a: general look-out; i the men, however, are - not.agreed;-2100 voted for resistance and 1154 for an acceptance of the terms; 3300. have not voted.” Secession ; from the union is probable. In West 'Lancashire, Flintshire, Lanarkshire, and Durham notices of reduction-have been‘given by the colliery owners. J A similar move ment is impending in Northumberland. The York shire and, Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of reduction to arbitration in London, and the decision affirmed the. demands of the employers for 12J per cent, rebatement. " Some Leicestershire miners have struck against the reduction of 6d per day, after a protracted resistance and several confer ences. ’. The South Wales miners agreed to submit to 10 per cent, reduction, on condition that their wages are not again lowered during the present year. , The bulk of locked-oiit laborers have obtained work without surrendering, their tickets, at improved wages. Any aged men, however, by joining the Union will have to enter’ the workhouses. The ’ lock-out. lasted eighteen weeks, and cost the Union £25,000. 400. men have- emigrated,'4oo immigrated,’ and: 870-have returned to work without giving up their tickets, and about 400 are still unemployed. tjThe Pilgrim Band finally broke up at Halifax, only twenty-one of the original 100 remaining. At Bradford-some were 'arrested on a charge of begging. About; £7OO was cleared.- . , - - The Queen remains in Scotland till November. OiT his return from Ireland;: the Danish’ King visited Edinburgh, where he experienced an enthu siastic .welcome. A fleet of 14 steamers went out to escort the Royal party, and ■ the city was gaily;'de corated in honor of the occasion.- The Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to Copenhagen. The Prince of Wales, meanwhile,; has .figured in a series of festivities."at Plymouth to celebrate the open ing of the new Guildhall, costing £400,000; On one day there was a grand Freemasonsl’demdnatraiaori, and on the closing day a military ceremony and per formance of the, “Creation-’ at .the Guildhall.-: The; Prince arrived at Marlborough House" on the. 22nd, and during , the day visited the Empress of Austria and the Prince and Princess : of Rdumania, and the ; Prince of the Asturias. The five Royal children .left the same day in the yacht Osborne, for Copenhagen. The Duke and Duchess ;of Edinburgh, after ; being banqueted at Brussels, reached’"Folkestone" bn the 20th August, on their-return from a continental tour. The town was decorated; and-an address of welcome was presented. They, have been, since. at Balmoral.: On the‘2Btb the Duke'pays a visit toLiverpool for ■several daysr -The Imperial Prince-and-Princess’ of Germany left Ryde on 24th August tor the continent. The Prince of Wales went, to, Berlin a week later to’ be present at the cbnfifmatioAof the' Imperial Prince’s; eldest son.. On the IstSeptember He,will .’accompany, the Emperor to; witness the military maucauyrea at; Hanover. . . i 1 ; The Emperor of Austria',has arrived,in .England,, incognito, to join the Empress in the Isle of-Wight. ! The Count de jarnac. has been . appointed. French Ambassador in London. Two hew bishops of St. David’s and Central Africa were consecrated-on 2,4 th August; , in Westminster Abbey, by the Archbishop of: Canterbury;...',’. i The evidence being insufficient to .prove-the-charge preferred’against Sir George Elliott, the ■ member for North Durham, the petition was withdrawn;., , !. •' Mr Gladstone, in a letter to the Guardian, ..denies the , statement. industriously . propagated, that the" Queen had endeavored, to influence his conduct .with'; regard tb, the Public Worship Regulation Bill; ; The reversal by the Dean of Arches pf the Bishop of- Exeter’s judgment in the Exeter ..Reredos.case excites” much interest in clerical circles. ~ ‘.t v, " The break up of tbeAshautee monarchy, is quickly following.on the English..victory,. and the. kings of Dju-ibin and Beegna having declined to renew their homage to King Coffee, he has appealed to the British Administration at the Cape Coast Castle for assistance, and the situation ia further complicated by a report that>the-hostile kings have been-protpxaed supnort by ; . the Chiefs' of Akim and'Denkarau ’ Captain Lees having ’ gone to Coomassie to mediate has been well received. Catqerqnj-in af letier .to thp Foreign Offide; has Beolarbd’that the 4lave' trdde still-flourishes in, a "belt of -jungle ylllagesy-pbout n week’s from the east coast." In order 1 to destroy the - traffic, he recommends -.the 'construction of l a railroad fromi Bagomoyo to Ujiji undur’the protection of a European commissioner;’- ft'', i ; ; - T./'a l-’ .... ,j . Mr;. Gladstone,, as a shareholder in.'the Metropolitan Railway Company, has written to the chairman, recom ,mehding;more moderate fares, and’th'e substitution ‘pf two classes of pasaeugera for three, .and to minister to the wants of the greatest number he regards as the "vrisest policy. •• - -.- '-J I , V, I There are indications b£ a reyivM-of 'Liberal courage and unity. Three demonstrations have i atiFr mb,- Brighton!, and Sheffield, at ; which places .spirited addresses were delivered by Mr Qoschen.ahd ,Mr Fawcett, vi . Professor Tyndall, the president, delivered" thes.in augural address before;:the'-British.' demanded: absolute; scientific investigation, and tbe^submission of-all religious theories, schemes, and systems to its decisions. ’ He was afterwards ably Professor'Hiixley. ’■ - ; ;>V ’ The Welsh National Eistedfodd has been held at Bangor, and attracted; an r immense audience. The. Bishop of Bangor presided. A -Welsh oration was delivered by Morgan Lloyd, M.P. f In' the choral com petition for 40 guineas and a gold .medal, the prize was won by the Carnarvon Philharmonic-Society. Other gold and silver 1 medals were competed’ fori / ; An association is being formed in .London to prose, cute Ritualistic clergymen under the hew- act. | An exciting controversy.inimical to :c the ’popularity of the English Church' has ’beeh provoked by the refusal of a clergyman, supported, by the Bishop of Lincoln, to permit the word “ Reverend” to be’ 1 in scribed on the tombstone, of a daughter 'bf a Wes leyan minister. ; The subject was brought before the • conference during the recent sittings. .. . ' : , " The frightful increase of crimes of a; brutal charac ter, and 'especially kicking to death, ia;prqybkihg!ah indignant .outcry against the absurd leniency, of. pun-, ishments-inflicted, and -even magistrates ;de'clare that the savage ferocity gaining'ground rnhst be met;by repressive .’legislation. ■ ,: r-. • i ; \- Cremation gains ground in European opinion, while ■in’-'America German societies are* springing up~fbr burning the dead.-.-m l; - •- . . On the 22nd of August the-great hprieiy, factory of Messrs . Morley • at: Swioton, near | Nottingham, was burned dqvfp, .arid .£lo,opo..jvorth. of property de stroyed. , '6oo' persons’ were 'thrown but of employ." ■ment. ’ Incendiarism .is’suspected. ■ Early on Sunday morning Messrs Richardson’s large paper mills, near Jarrow on the Tyne, were consumed;'the estimated damage is £60,000. On'.Tueaday a -.fire broke out in - the South Prison at. Glasgow- by which the west wing was gutted. ( . On the..l6th August a considerable part of the town of Market Harborough was burned down.. At’a destructive fire at Gresty’s timber-yard, Man 'Chester r .tfae los3-was.£4o,Qoo.~ -. —„ ; The Mersey Docks and Harbor Board have intimated to the Oas Companythat they hold them respoosible for the destruction of-the landing-stage- through care lessness. . ; A Chilian ironclad,'built at Earle’s yard at Hull,’ and designed by ’M£_Recd, ’made a successful trial ; trip. .. , ... (T • Saddler-has- accepted the eballonge of George Brown, , of Nova Scotia,; to. row for, £5OO for the. championship "of the wbrid.' .-.The date of ~ the,race is 19th October, . at Coleraine, in Ireland. — In the;liitemational boat race on-th’e Dee, between Aberdeen A andEdmburgh,.the fprmerwon by a length. A ladies’ cricket; match has been‘played in Bucks between two elevens. One lady contributed 61 runs. Obitoaht.—Alderman Challis; Lieut.--Qen. Sir- James Lindsay;‘’the 1 -"Baroness’Birners, from a fall from’ a horse; Robert Sly, . horse trainer; 3. F. r Fisher, .railway, meager;’Lady Lees; Lady \V.;Russeil; Sir .F. ■ Kemp cot .Norfolkjf.Rey. F.:,G.. Ewald; -missionary among the Jews; Adtniral Chargnean; Forbade da la' Roquette,; ‘ex Bphapartist MihisterjAßeyl fJas. Shorb; Rey. Hehiy-Jeniin’gpL Oxford; Sydney Dobell, poet; Hugh Gladstone, nephew to the ex Premier;6 J;:H. Foley, sculptori. 1 ' : A railway to 1 the 1 summit of Mount Vesuvius is pro jected. i •■; ■.-.;•.■■■ ;- ■ -rr.-j; ■ - -j ; Mount Etna is in eruption. ’ Brigandage - is /assuming dangerous in- Sicily.,. , • . A Philadelphian society established to - assist -Englishmen in-: distress- recommends the - temporary suspension'of emigration^-■ to America; and is helping hundreds to.return., ’ ■ " The cruel misrepresentations- of agents in England are strongly'denounced; and artisans" especially are warned against leaving England; ‘ (-.■■i-e ; The Bank of Australasia has paid a'second dividend of 5J per cent; '"‘• ■ ' ■' ■ 1 ‘ ‘ Tallerman’s :: Meat Agency Company Fas'declared another,dividend of 10 per cent.. . , ' ,‘. J ’’’ ! ''' ; ; .-Siviis. Ministerial crises have been rumored, and changes are anticipated in the military .department,.... General-. Zabala will probably be superseded as commander-in chief by General Moriones. Military operations of late have been mainly in favor of the; Carlista. ; , , Laguardia,.in Navarre, was captured by introducing 60 Carlists "disguised' as -Muleteers, With rifles bidden in carts. ■ This band possessed themselves of the gate, and admitted their comrades.' ’ ’ ; ; ; . On.the 17th August Lbp d’ Urgelwas treacherously; surrendered. ■to ■ Tristauy;- the commandant-was shot and 495 soldiers and 22 qld guna.takpu.,;The captor also - recovered . possession:, of 40,000 .piasters paid to the. betrayers 1 of-' the fortress. : The Bishop of Urge! was implicated in the surrender. The Carlists then {proceeded- to Puigcerda; , which has been Bombarded . sihcc,2l st' August, while .bands. under Siire t, Siballs, and Tristahy have hovered near ,to intercept the. ■ Republican reinforcements’. - - ; General Cushing, the American Ministerial Madrid,, is, pressing the • American ■ claims.. in connexion with the Yirginius affair, and at the same time.is’refusing ti>- admit Spanish counter "claims on account of thei filibustering expedition to Cuba. ; ■ The judge appointed to T investigate: the; circum stances of-Marshal Prim’s assassination-had indicted •fifty additional persons for complicity iu the.crime.;- ... Fkasce. . . Marshal Bazaine’s escape from his prison has, been the sensation bf/the. month.; Madame Ba’zaiue, to avert unjust suspicion upon imiocent officials, published a full and/dramatic - account of the whole affair. Bazainels, .location "is - undetermined. The Government" wjis greatly,exasperated.. at. the escape, especially as Marshal Macmahon’s connivance is in sinuated. It is every where regarded as a’Bonapartist triumph over the. Government.; Rumor says that Baziine.haa been offered tbo cotn mandln Spain. ■ • ’■ ’ . 