ITAUTLKY. Friday. — The fouuilnlion-itnneofSt. Pe.ter's Anglican Church, Mount Victoria, wan laid to-duy by the Might Rev. Hiihnp of Syr! nny, in the presence of the Right Rev. Bishop of Biithurst, and a nuiiii'riuH body of clergy nnd locnl resident*. i£00 whs laid on tlm stone, including £'6o from Sydney friends. BRISBANE. Fiiduy. —The Courier publishes an article warning iu strong terms, against the rush to the Palmer until tho wet season is past. — The tin ore received at' Warwick (luting the week amounts to 117 tons. — Parliament is prorogued till the 3rd November. — In thn suit Broad water Tin On. v. Oliver, for the a nount nf calls und bile rest, plaintiff was nonsuited on the ground that insuflK-ieut no tice had been given, tin: Judges holding that notice to tho extent nf a calendar month was required, whereas only a lunar month's notice had be».n given. An application has been mude for a new trial. — Ariived. — Mail steamer Jedduh. — Sailed. — Western. City of Brisbane, Alexandra, and Florence Irving, steamers, for Sydney. Saturday. — It in rumoured that writs nf eject ment will he issued ngiiinst tliu proprietors nf thu Cunning Downs Stutinn to recover for ullegud dummied selections. — The Leichardt (s. ) sailed for Cooktown with a full cargo, 150 pHSinngiM'8, and thirty horses. — Sailed. — At C a.m. : Jeddnb (s.), for Singapore. MELBOUKNK. F rid ay. — Tho budget has finally passed the committee, aud all the Government proposals have been agreed to. — The body of a man lias been taken from the Yarra. Mis handj and feet wern tied, and bis skull was fractured. — The Government is introducing a measure into the Legislative Council, for tho purpose of dealing more eUcetively with the growing evils of larrikinism. — The Amending Land Bill was read a first time last night. The measure is not yet distributed amongst the members. — The Navigation Board has held an inquiry into the cause of the loss of the Alice Muud. It found that her loss arose from the careless navigation of Captain Hurley, whoso certificate has been suspended fur four months. The mate is also reprimanded. — The Criminal Court has been occupied all day in the trial of George Kutchnrt, indicted for forgery. — Further sales of brandy, equal to 150 hogs heads, have been made. For case, 28s. (id. has been refused. — OaU are in considerable demand at 5s. Sd. Maize, 5s. Satuiduy. — Money Wigram'snew steamship Durham has arrivad after a splendid passage of fifty-three days. — The Church of England Assembly has closed its sittings. — A deputa tion fioin Albnry asked the Minister of Rui! wuys if the Government would abandon its nhare of tho tolls from the Union Bridge over the Murray. The Minister promised a favour able consideration of the mutter on receiving a teleguim from Mr Parkes. — Burchiirt's case has been further adjourned till Monday. — A serious stabbing aflrtiy occurred mur King street yesterday evening. A man named Johnson was ho seriously injured that his depositions were taken ; the perpetrator, Williams, is in custody — The Dm bum tilings the Germnn astronomical party to observe the transit of Venus. — The steamerBarrahnnl is olT the Otwiiy, 90 days from England. She is owned by the Melbourne Shipping Company. Sunday, — Shannon has been coin mil ted for trial for tlie Mmniugton murder. — The R.M. S. Golconda was off .the Otwuy nt 10 p.m. She will reach the bay in the foienoou of Monday. — There is a heavy sea outsidu. B ATA VTA. [VIA IJPBENSLAND ] Ariivuls (fron. the Colonies). — Formosa, Metis, ViligHut, Templnr, Syduey, Twee Oesusters, Solid, and Moc Bailly. — Depar- tures. — Christie, (51G tons, Alexandrine, 335 tons, St. Brycedalo, 428 tons, all su^ar, for Melbourne. — Australian coals, 27f., English, 37f. Flout is weaker. Cofl'ee slightly weaket. Rice quiet. Sugars cause a stronger inquiry. NEW ZEALAND. VfA Melbourne Mr. Vogel has left Auckland, uud he intends suiling by the next steamer for Sydney, to make arrangements for the laying of an elec tric telegraph cable, and to assist Mr. Russell iii lefovence. to the mnil negotiations. — Since the prorogation of Parliment Mr. H. A. At kinson has joined thn Ministry, hut it is not yet announced what office he is to fill. — Im- migrants continue to pour into the colony ut the rate ofu thousand per week, and some times more. — It is stated that the Governor intends to pay a farewell vist to Canterbury during the Metropolitan Eaces week in No vember. — After Mr. Vogel has completed ne gotationxin Sydney, he will pioceed to Eng. land accompained by his family. It is his in tention to remain several months. Dr Pollen is likely to be head of the Government in his absence. — It is understood that when Sir G. A. Arney (Chief Justice of Auckland nnd Tnr anuki) retires early next year, Mr. Prender gust will he appointed Chief Justice, and the Attorney-Generalship will bo offered to Mr. Travera. The Chief Justice will probably i permanently reside in Wrlliiiytnti. — Tins Ni-w | Zt'ulai.d Insurance Co'iipmy Ins ri.-n'ved to incri'iiHM its capital to a million *'er ing. — A set vice of plntu hus been presented «.» ibe a 1 1 til iii of the French war steamer Vite, fur the valuable aid he reudered iu connection with the grounding of the Surat. — On the oc casion of mutiny ou board the Cuthcurt im migrant ship, the captain filed amongst the seamen, and wounded three of them, und he is committe.il for trial on u charge of unlaw fully wounding. ADELAIDE. Friday. — Sixteen surve.y parties ure in the field surveying agricultural land. — Transit is scratched for tlie Hunt Club Cup, which is to be run for to-morrow. — The Helen White, thiity-fivi! days out from Sydney, has arrived. — A child died ut the Destitute Asylum from sickness caused by defective drainage. — There have been sales of wheat at oa. Id. The markets seems a little, firmer. Saturday. — Two were racing in druys, and. one, named Jones, wus pitched out and killed. — Wheat sales have taken placu at 5s. — Sailed. — P. it O. .steuuier Golcondu, for Mel bourne. INDIA. Via Mkluouhne. Calcutta famine accounts, under date August (!, report that the early crops are encouraging; that the number of relief labourers is reduced ; that rain is general, aud that thete are better hopes of a good harvest in Lower Bengal.— The Viceroy is visiting Assam. — Three divorcw cases at Alla habad arc attracting public notice, the co re spondent being a Major- General. Sir Rich ard Sample is visiting Decca. — Mr. Forsyth is at Simla pre;-nriug a narrative of the Yarkand mission. — Floods have occurred in various parts of the Bombay and Madras Presidencies, in consequence of heavy rains. — The house of Wassadeo Malibtir IlilJ, a member of the Council, fell and killed him. — MajorGelieral Marriott will probably be Adjutant-General of the Indian Army. — Cholera has broken out at Knjpnor. — The indigo crop at Bengal is very small. — The Burmah Railway has been com menced. — Baron Napier, of Mngdala, has been reviewing the troops at Simla. — The attempt to adopt n cooling apparatus on the Madras Hnilivay has failed. — Lieutr-nant Gardiner und six men on the gunboat Kestrel were drowned during a typhoon ut Formosa. QUEENSOL1FF. Saturday. - Arrived. — Durham, steamship, from London . Korsor, Danish barque, from Fnoeliow Poo; Gothenburg (#.), from New oiilund. HO BART TOWN. Saturday. — Parliament is prorogusd to the 15th April. — Tho Governor, in his speech, urncMnlly alluded to the. cordial relations which had existed between himself, the Par liament, und this people, and snid he should always take a warm interest in Tasmania. — The Rev. Mr. ttucktnnd is diuigerously ill ? Arrived. — City of Hobart (h.), from Sydney ; Harriet Mucgregor, from Adelaide. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Western Australian news snys that a pro position has been made by Siemens, Brothers, tu lny ti submarine cablu on the west or noitb western seaboard. It is favourably enter tiiiued liy the Government and Legislature, — The inland newspaper postage is again abol ished. — A measure on the principle of Tomm's Act has passed. — Tho Council has voted .£10,000 for immigration ; £1000 to be ex pended in obtaioing coolies. — The second reading of tlie Constitution Bill, establishing responsible government, has passed by a large majority. The bill provides for the nomina tion of an Upper House ; the Lower to con sist of twenty-five elected members. Oom pensution is provided for officials liable to lose oflice on political grounds. Mr. Unrlee is to receive a pension of full salary, besides a bonus equal to seven years' salary ; other Ministers to have'prtnsions of twn-thitds, and ii bonus equal to fivn years. Immediately the second reading passed, the Governor dissolved the House to obtain the verdict of the country. HOMCEOPATHIC COCOA-— This original preparation, which hus attained sium a world-wide reputation, is iiinnnfnnhired by Tayloii Biiotheks, under the alilest hoinioupathio ndviiio, aided by the skill and experience of tho inventors, und will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, line nroiiiti, and nutrition* property of tho frodh nui MAKAVILLA OOOO A. — The GMw my*, ' Taylor Bkotuktis' jtfaravillu Couoa lias achieved a thorough kuccgsh, und supersedes every | other Coooa in the inarkc-t. ]Jntiru solubility, a delicate arnina, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Sfarnvilla Cocoa above ull others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a litoro ttjjreenble or valuable beverage.' For fmihcrfnvouTiiMe opinions viilo Hlmulnrtl, Morn lit/ 1'unt, llrithh Medical Journal, ?$?-?., ife. Tvr e n v o v s d e b ilitt, -^ and its SPEEDY ALLEVIATION and X' E tl Sf A N E N T CUKE, bv a new and siinplo process, with tho necessary prescriptions and dietetic rules to bo observed during the treatment. Trice Ud., of all booksollers j or poet freo from tho author, seven penny stamps. W. GREENFIELD, IS2, William-street, Melbourne. Public Notice. cjajSJ \1/OOJJ, BUOTIIERS beg to inform I * Iliu'r numerous customers uud tlie public in general, that, in consequence of the late lire, their business will beoarricd on iu the temporary offices, opposite tho old stores. ? _ Public Notice. FRANK GARDNER, Auctioneer, &c;, begs t» inform the public that, in consequence of his premises having been consumed by tho late ftro, he has removed his oiliee to tho.se premises lately oc cupied by 31r. llewisnn, next Hall of Commerce, where business will be curried on as usiutl. ? Public Notice. MR. J AMIS 4 ROBINSON, of Newoastle, is authorised to Purchase Scrap Iron on our account. City Iron Works Company, ? Pyrmont, Sydney. Public Notice. 'VTO ONE is authorised by me to purchase Scrap J_ i Iron on my account, and anyone using my name to obtain the same will bo prosecuted accord ing to law. ? JAMES ROBINSON. The New Belmore Soap Works. 'PHE NEW BELMORE SOAP 'WORKS are in X full employ ut their Works, AVickham. Orders left at No. C, Hall of Commerce, Nowcaatle, will be promptly attended to. ? To the Public. T7'ACCINATION at my Surgery flute Dr. Bow V ker's), Bolton-.street, DAILY— FREE OF UHARGE. A deposit of 2s. (Jd. mutt be rauda, which will bo returned on the ninth day. H. F. MoGRATH, Government Medical Officer, ? and Public Aracciuator at Newoaatlo. Newcastle New Tailoring Establishment. DLASKKK, JlKiicitAXT Tailok, has much . pleasure in informing the public of Now mtle and surrounding districts, that he has JI'ENKD THE ABOVE, in part of those prcmisos n I runter-Ht-rcnr, with u New and Entiro Stook if AVOOLLEN'S. Having had 25 years' Experience iu this and lie sister Colonies, D. LASKER feels quito onh'dent. that all Orders entrusted to him will giva till satisfaction. D. L. wishes to draw the particular attention of ientleiucu requiring Tioira 1'ants or Ribiko JiiKKCitES, a.s ho hus had large experience, in mak ng the above. DRESS AND FROCK COATS will bo turn»d ut unsurpassed. One trial will prove the fact. Address — D. LASKEE, MERCHANT TAILOR, 1IUNTKU-STBKKT, Next to M'Kenzic's Confectionery Shop. NEWCASTLE. Chinese Stores. EAVAR, Chineao Store, Huntor-stroot, New . eastle, next to Mr. Fleming's butcher's shop, brunch of Tijf, AVau and Co., George-Htreot, Sydney, has for sale— ull kinds of Gruuery, Drapery, Iron mongery, Chinese, Jarauese, and Funey Gooda, all at lowest prices, aud Cheaper thuu uny houso in town. Also, Tea and Sugar. GRATEFUL.— COMPOttTING. ITPS'S COCO A.— B REAKFAST ' By a thorough knowledge of tho natural lawa which govern the operation of digestion and nutri tion, and by a careful application of tho fine pro perties of well- selected cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately flavoured beverage, which may save us many heavy doctors' bills.'— Civil SirriVe Gazette. Maxukacturk of Cocoa.— 'Wo will now give an account of tli« process adopted by Messrs. James Epps uud Co., manufacturers of dietetic articles, at their works in the Eimton-roud, London.' ? See article in CattscW* Household Guide. Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold only in packets, lubollod thus : ? JAMES EPPS and C O., Homojopatiiio Chemists, ?18, Thvoadueedlo-Btreet, mid 170, Picondilly Worka Diana Place, Euaton-road, London. BOTTLES! BOTTLES! HIGHEST PRICE given for Alb, Pobtbb, ana AAriNE Bottles. AVOOD BROTHERS and CO WANTED, for Lambton Colliery, a thoroughly competent and energetic Man, to take charge of the underground workings at Lambton Colliery. Apply to THOMAS CROUDACE, Esq., Lambton Colliery. Sept. 21st, 1874. WANTED, a Good General Servant. A com fortable homo for a respoctablo girl. Apply Royal Hotel, Wiekham. . \\\T ANTED, a Man to drive a Team. Apply to YV ENOCH BAILEY, Junction. TTTANTED, a Painter, to Paint and Deoorato TT Two Omnibuses. Apply to T. TUDOR, Hamilton. 'YXrANTED, a Rtrong, active Youth, aa Porter. ? -T AV. GREAVES. ? WANTED, a sober Man, to look after Horaea, and he otherwise useful about an Hotel. J. HUBBARD. Yacht Club Hotel. ? WANTED, a thorough LuunilrosH. Apply at tho Great Northern Hotel. 'VXrANTED to. Sell, Cood Senond-hand Spring T» Cnrts, suitable for Grocer.s. Dealers, and others. Apply to AV. CLARKE, Blanc-street. POSTPONED, On account of the Maitland Races, TO THURSDAY, SEPT. 24. MR. F. GARDNER has received instructions from Mr. GKonriE Sidney, to sell by publio auction, at his Residence, Sidney's Commercial Hotel, Scott-stteet. on THURSDAY next, tho 24th inst., nt Ten o'clock — His ArALUABLE HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, ooMrmsiNo — 1 Loo Table, Horsehair Coneh and Chuira, Piano, nurpets, hearth rugs, oil paintings, picture)), nhimney ornaments, fender with fire irons, dining tables and other tables, pier glass, vases of fruit, couches and sofnn, chairs and forms, carpets and oil clotha, table covors, uhoxt of drawers, wardrobe, ainglo and double iron bedsteads, sideboard, office desk, blinds and mirtuiiiH, bedding, -washstundH with Bets, looking- glnsKes, drcHHer, Rufc, door mats, kitchen and laundry utensils, and othor things, too numerouH to mention. Terms at sale. Valuable Newspaper Property. rTVHE MATTLAND ME11GURY, tho lnrgeat Mdvw JL most valuable of tho New South Wales Pr*-'*1* vinoial Nowspapors, cstablianed in 1843, will ht.rt SOLD ABSOLUTELY, by P1TBLTC AUCTION, „- nt the Exehnnge, Sydney, on WEDNESDAY, 4th November, 1874, , i For full particulars, see tho prinoipal . newspapers published on Saturdays throughont tho colonies. BRUNKEB 4 SPARKE, ,? ,4#otibneora, ; East Maitland. 