Telegraphic. REUTER'S TELEGRAM TO ASSOCIATED PRESS fB\ SUITS in St TELEGRAPH English. THE &UV1LUVIA; OUTRAGE LONDON September The Government of Guatemala has paid the indemnity demanded by Great Britain for the outrage inflicted by Colonel Gonzales, the Commander of San Jose, upon the person of Mr. Magee, the British Vice-Consul, and saluted the British flag, THE CABLE SHIP FARADAY. LONDON-, September 22. Much anxiety is felt as to the safety of the cable ship Faraday, no intelligence of the movements of the vessel having been received during the past ten days. Continental. DENMARK AND GERMANY. LONDON, September 22. IT is asserted by the Vienna Press that the King of Denmark has rejected Prince Bismarck's proposals to enter into the federation of the German Stated. The Berlin Press justifies the expulsion of Danish agitators from Schleswig- Holstein, but affirms that the relations of the Government with Denmark remain of a friendly character. THE SERVIAN DIFFICULTIES. LONDON, September 22. Prince Gortschakoff has formally recognised the rights of the Prince of Servia to conclude commercial treaties with European powers independent of the Sultan of Turkey. American. GREAT DISASTER IN MASSACHUSETTS. LONDON, September 22. A Massachusetts cotton mill has been destroyed by fire, and forty persons buried in the ruins. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN" ASSOCIATED PRESS.] September 21. The Full Court, by a majority, have ruled that the Bishop of Newcastle is not entitled to inhibit the Rev. Mr. Thackeray from officiating as a clergyman of the Anglican Church. There was a heavy fall of snow at Bathurst yesterday. In the run from Brisbane, the Florence Irving, s., distanced her competitor by some hours. The Don, schooner, from Launceston, is ashore on the Sow and Pigs Reef. The P. and O. Co.'s branch steamer Ellora leaves Melbourne to-night with the in-coming English mails, via Point de Galle. The body of Moloney, the Customs officer stationed at Bourke, has been found in the Darling. A strong westerly gale is still blowing The market for breadstuffs is easier. September 22. The Bishop of Newcastle has applied for leave to appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the full Court in the Thackeray case. The Cyphrenes, s., which takes the English mails via San Francisco on Saturday next, com- pletes her coaling at Newcastle to-night. Sir James Martin, the Chief Justice, has made a formal application for the Acting Governorship of the colony during the absence of Sir Hercules Robinson at Fiji. The Cabinet met to-day to consider the application, but the result of their deliberations has not yet transpired. The bills of an old-established mercantile firm have been returned to-day dishonored. In consequence of the financial difficulties of the Corporation, their laborers have been put on half time. The exports of last year, exclusive of the Murray River trade, were of the value of nine millions three hundred and eighty-seven thousand. The imports during the. same period amounted to ten millions four hundred and seventy-one thousand. Sailed : City of Brisbane, s., for Brisbane. September 23. Messrs. Willis, Lloyd, and Co., merchants, have called a meeting of their creditors for October 1. The Government have promised a deputation of the Shipowners' Association that they will urge the Imperial Government to amend the Polynesian Labor Act. The Museum is to be re-opened to the public to-morrow. The Government have declined to admit Sir James Martin's right as Chief Justice to assume the acting Governorship of the colony. The detention of the Ellora, s., at Melbourne, with the Suez mails, has caused much dissatisfaction and indignation. At the wool sales to-day business was extremely brisk. A large parcel of the new clip in grease, realised sevenpence fal thing. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] September 21. The crew of the Medea, barque, bound from Geelong to Newcastle, refused duty, and had to be taken into custody by the water police. The trial of Butchart, for forgery, is proceed- ing, A number of the medical witnesses have pronounced him sane. His Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen proceeded on a visit this morning, to Eaglehawk, at the invitation of the Borough Council. It is reported that a disagreement has taken place amongst the directors of the newly-formed Australian and European Bank. The Altcar, ship, 1283 tons, which sailed from Liverpool for this port on June 17, is reported off Cape Otway, with the loss of all her top | gallant masts, Sales of maize at 5s. per bushel. Further transactions in brandies. Largo parcels of Hennessy's pale changed hands at 9s. per gallon. Telegrams from Java report sugars advancing. September 22. The Governor, in his speech at a banquet at Eaglehawk, yesterday, alluded to the prosperous condition of the colony, and the brilliant future which awaited it. Since Saturday several tea ships have arrived, bringing shipments equal to forty-seven thousand packages. Mrs. Hallam, better known as Miss Hattie Shepparde, the celebrated actress, who has been seriously ill for some time past, died this evening. The affairs of the Australian and European Bank management have been amicably settled. New South Wales Debentures five per cents. -seller, UNION 10s. ; buyers, £108. The Ellora, s., for Sydney, with the English mails, cleared the Heads at 4 o'clock this afternoon. The jury, in Butchart's case, after being locked up all night, acquitted him of the charge of forgery on the ground of insanity. He will be kept in gaol during the Governor's pleasure. Sir. Francis, the late Premier, took his seat in the Legislative Assembly to- day for the first time since his illness, and met with a most cordial reception. It is understood that he will not take an active part in politics or resume office. The Government promise the introduction in the Legislative Assembly of measures for electoral reforms during the present session, if the business of the House will permit. The markets are dull. Oats meet with a ready sale. Large parcels of kerosine oil, diamond brand, have changed hands. TKLEGlurmc communication with the southern colonies was partially restored in the course of yesterday afternoon. In consequence of the long break in the communication, the pressure on the lines last cveuiiigss- asuniu>uallyheas-y,and owing to the prevalence of a severe thunderstorm in the vicinity of Tenter field, communication SIMS again temporarily interrupted this morning. Our latest telegraphic advices to hand are From London and Melbourne, to Tuesday evening last and from Sydney, to Wednesday morning. THE Kate, s., proceeds to the immigrant ship Zoroaster, now lying at the Roads, early this morning. Should the ship be passed by the medical officer, the steamer will bring the immigrants up to Brisbane, in which case they may be expected to land about 1 o'clock this afternoon. A NOTICE in another column advises ratepayers situated on the higher levels of the city " to take advantage of the water" whenever it is turned on to their premises, ponding sitor. arrangements as may be found practicable for a more regular supply. A CORREsPONDENT, who signs himself, " Dugong writes as follows respecting a matter which SIMS noticed in our local columns yesterday :-" Knowing Professor Ward well by reputation during my visits to the States, I have undertaken to fulfil his order for dugong skele- tons, of, which I am supplying to P. T. Bar num (New York), Messrs. Spiers and Pond, London (of Melbourne fame and over twenty museums and zoological societies." 0üDn:r.L0W5 are reminded, by advertisement in another column, of the banquet to take place at the Royal Hotel this evening, in honor of the visit of Grand Master Hinchey, who is to open a Board of Directory to-day in connection with the M.U.I.O.O.F. A MEETING of the members of the Regatta Club is announced to be held at the Royal Hotel on Monday evening next. The Caledonian ball which took place in the Town Hall last evening, was not, as far as numbers were concerned, be successful as those gatherings have been for the past few years. Those who did attend, however, endeavored to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Messrs. Rosen Stengel and Benvenuti, assisted by Messrs. J Dignan (comet) and Cameron (bagpipes), formed an efficient orchestra. Dancing was commenced about half-past 8 o'clock, and kept up with great spirit until the "wee ma' hours ayont the naval." THE performances at the Queensland Theatre, last night, consisted of " He's not such a fool as he looks, and the burlesque of " Ixion." The comedy was hardly equal to " Naval Engage- ments," played on the preceding night ; but, as the main drawback was a certain amount of hesitation on the part of the performers, the piece would hear repetition, being good in itself, and affording the actors frequent opportunities. Mr. Phillips could make a sterling success as Sir Simon, and Miss Oliver has a congenial part as His a. Mold. The manager announces that he will take a benefit on Thursday next. Mr. Tavares has unquestionably done a great deal to improve the state of the drama in Brisbane, and has shown an enterprising spit it which deserves a most substantial recognition. He has purified the local stage of the offensive douile-cntcndrc, which was but too prominent a feature prior to his dying, and that stop alone entitles him to public support. We trust to see his habits repaid in part on Thursday night, by a story full attendance. This evening will be repeated the comedy of " Not such a fool as he looks ; Mr. Frank Adams, n contortionist, will make his first appearance and the performance will conclude with a new farce-" Domestic Economy." THE Sydney correspondent of a Melbourne exchange forcibly depicts the result of the blundering in drainage and sewerage by which the Corporation, the Marine Board, and the Goverament have managed to convince one of the most beautiful harbors in the world into a nut batice to themselves and in all probability a source of trouble and expense for many years to come. He says." Every year makes it clear that we have spent a great deal of money to do a great deal of damage. The discharge from the sewers is not only silting up the harbor, but causing ntl odour from the foreshore at loss- senator as pernicious to health as it is disagreeable to the senses. Darling Harbor is almost wholly occupied by pt state ss-hars-c», and their owners fool the evil in two ways. In the first place, the ground is continually shoaling alongside their wharves- and secondly, it is most sickening to be on the premises at loss- tide." THE latest idea broached in Victoria with regard to immigration is not to send lecturers to gather the people in large masses and make speeches to them, but to accredit gentlemen and ladies of swimming address and good coasters tional powers to go about quietly amongst the ss-oi-kiiig classes, and as the Scotch say, has-e " a bit crack and' the folk." We dare say there's not an old man or old woman in the colony but feels well qualified to do the work of mi emigration agent on this plan. THE wild horse population of Victoria is estimated by the Border Post at 106 SE. AT the model school in Albury, special prizes were awarded, at the request of the pupils, to Miss Rose Hartley, Miss Janet Stewart, and Master Frank Heath. " The good girls and boys of Albury seem to be blessed with very pretty names. We: (Queensland Times) have seen an artificial right hand and arm, manufactured in England for Mr. Henry Walker, in this town. The mechanism is much the same as that in the arms made by Mr. M'Lennan, of Brisbane, with the exception that the third and fourth fingers of the hand has-e hinges in them, so that they can be closed at the three joints. The arm and hand, with fittings, of knife, fork, hooks, &e.;, cost almost £30, with the addition of freight. We learn that it is no inn movement whatever on the hands and arms made by Mr. M'Lennan, which have turned out to be of admirable service to Mr. Walker. In fact, the way in which the thumb nets is not so ingenious as that in Mr. M'Lennan's workmanship, being made to move by the compression and extension of the muscle of the biceps instead of by the joint, of the elbow. Mr. Walker desires us to thank the subscribers for their kindness and liberality in assisting him to obtain these excellent appliances. The only business transacted at the Central Police Court yesterday with the barge,, 54 two drunkards, one of whom was 71, "i ' E and the other fined 10s or twenty foui1£*,a> the lock up 5 OUT litmus m YESTERDAY the Mayor and Aldermen flour Hargreaves, Vowles, and Shanks spar," ,c'?> noon in visiting the banks of the theme i beyond the One mile Budge, and the waterholes from which it was some time is proposed to bring the water supply for 1, Jane with a view to being able to report definitely both the quality and quantity of the 4 r ,? the pre- ont season 1 how area in the ei II " below the smaller of the waterhole, is in,,,,,' and beautifully clear, and is also well , That in the two waterholes, although not so reduced in quantity by the long di u It J, quite so pleasant to the taste, IN t assist , as that in the creek The supply tun, t" , abundant, and if it were possible to or tun guarantee against an extract dam the by- a"" ,? the water from this source would be fined ever j respect However, by the court, action "1 a dam it is thought that a siifiiei.-ncj M water could be retained to last through even a son drought At present the creek in lieu"" 'of the water sparkling, but there H no ki v windowsill be like when sheep warm, commences \- Queensland Times a Mn 7 votes He IN AN, W I long to us (Qt n n, i Time of Laidley, says On Thai 1 , ,,. hid i vii j de tractive his hole, cut e] by tha cDWt of two men of the names of AI Garn 1 a 1 0 s who were erecting a stone It v, for the lit a fire to prepare dinner and in dour of the place being heavily g, iron chiefs took head being lit only a few A iuU gOUT Mv fence, the same being a log fence 1 itely c cte 1 It destroyed over a mile of the fence There was at the time a heavy gale of wind blowing," the direction of my buildings, which vie in managed unsavory the most strenuous, of tions Mr Cook and many others sent to er b my loss is over £50 If such ue-,h"cnce i, allowed to go unpunished, pi open it will 1 as a, great danger in such a wide spread if count] It is curio is that the polite protection not allowed in this particular cause the matter what malicious design may be in the act of et tim, i Such a structure fires, the police are not in a the it) to apprehend and burn.; the lieu tea t justice and if the poor man so in are 1 I so ill next day on Crown had fallen a tlC(# t till he damaged fence, the police can go in for the him to Court and he will be a washed Now , why should not the I that li via of action? He tells her to fence in 1 miii ve, and after he has done time and j cr n can light a iii of outside his fence wlientlcvvi 1 is in the most favorable point for it tried n All he can do then is to call it accident till boulia n Al jus, Referring to the my survey to Roma, says -"It is evident that the Government have made up then man In b Inn li the southern rally at into the matter and that it will soon become a question which lies Lrisbn e of Rockhampton will be the future it for those districts which he directly to the van at the latter AVo, years were, arrested at every ever tion should be made to see neal land) from the Great Northern line to St tug are in order that we might obtain that the fire which be longed to us, and if that branch be not mile either by railroad or tramway and it the line should be pushed on rapidly for just on hall to a certainty be out off from c communicate with one of our most valuable lists t AU think it is quite time that some move was mile with regard to branches to Spain in an 1 is r mont and we are under the Empire ion that -a tramwaymen wooden railways will make all the required put poses for some v cat s to corio, sufficient money could be asked to make their i if the Government, should refuse to wife of M Fry not apply some of the waste land of the c 1 ny to such a purpose ' 'turns are only five names on the new eke total list for Rockhampton (says the B Ile i v whereas there should be at least SOO New combinations are certain take place in the Assembly, and it is imp s able to predict what will be the effect of the late re on str fiction Should Mr McDevitt and his men Is accede to the Opposition cross both the "Ministerial majority would be very much r duced and if met by any thing like an organ el Opposition, Mr Macalister would find progress with the business of the country invisible that would soon lead to a vote of HOC mail plane which in time would be succeeded by an appeal to the court by 2 of have at length mm eli ii suffrage in fact as well a m name, md the electors slight having lx n abolished, the next appeal to the ballot 1 I ought to reflect the opinion of the country with a fidelity which has never on any area is occasion been obtainable it with the fa what is now offered for enrolment this result be of arrived at our public men may well despair t ever seeming any voluntary expression of the aggregate will of the great body of the people Till Melbourne Daily Telegraph says -The Mechanics Institute (of Ballarat) has effected its escape and banked its body Its grand iii tribution of works of art that is of 10 or ) per cent. of the subscribers' money. melted mt gold MISs took place yesterday, no law offer of the Crown interesting, and no constable ] it ting in an appearance on the scene The promoters, with £2000 or £3000 to their credit can rub their hands softly together and cor gr late themselves that they are not as Saq n i 1 Barnard, and Thompson, for these g them I had they ventured upon so much as a £1 1 C doutta sw cop, would have been in the lock up long before now How great is the gulf Kew u the Leviathan and Major Smith, and the Hebrew hero of the book and pencil and Mr Jut[h Jones ! But in sad truth it must be conti I that the spectacle is a very sorry one llielucil PresS has offered no other plea for the in fit to putting a gambling scheme ber one the public in disguise than that it is in debt, and it that r ile were acted upon, poverty would be an excited r pool at picking Wl [Peal Board Tclcjiam) have received letter from a gentleman in Brisbane on the subject of the absence of a minister of religion on Peak Downs 1 how i item says that if a local preacher, now Hboiing luBiisbaite, vvcicinvitai, he would most likely accept the invitation n This gentleman has now been in Brisbane for three years and has gained the respect and esteem of all who have the pleasure of his acquaintance He acts up to what he teaches, and u under a respectable man twenty three je its of a" wife two sisters who labor in the Sunday school He is only a working man at pre. cut, by it in a been man independent position, and has all revues His heart is in his work, and he is" not want riches but support Our cum Per Cent thinks that "if a salary of £100 r J were gum inteed, with a house, and his empty * were paid from Brisbane, there would be no difficulty in seeming his set vices further he is engaged in a God fearing young woman * '" is now Sunday school teaching, and will in a- % valuable assistant to him in his labor Seven leading citizens in Brisbane are made a. re sciences, who can testify to the superior qr 12 cations of the gentleman If the inhabitants t Peak Downs want to secure his service to 7 must move in the matter at once, or he will w. snapped up by other places , s left Sydney Evening Post understands via the Regular Artillery will be mmicneW strengthened at the commencement of new year, and that the recruiting will be coming' the country districts Apart from the Su tion astowhcthei the artillery are required for a ' it will no doubt be conceded by all that a corps has been well and soundly instructed 10's duties either as connected with the gun " the field, and LS quite a credit to the colony Till Vuaheim SoidJicin California i My very suggests o article on the subjection iron tion Says the Ckiîi/oin.a» -"from [active experiments in the East Indies, English engineers assert that one cubic foot of water Dry? T= through a given once each second wall AM thoroughly irrigated eight) acres of in this continent, where irrigation is not their i, . engineers estimate that the same body to as above will irrigate 200 acres of land used mg the English statement as more corn and therefore more correct, and knowing in each twenty four hours it will i«l"»".t'> l' '/ a reservoir of the capacity of 150,000 g" . the passage of 27 al cubic feet of we keep in thorough irrigation 2200 acres of land Admitting that 15 per cent of this is,. wasted daily through evaporation and other strong causes, there still remains water 9 event with which to cultivate 140 acres land " 