AgfirVAL 0.1<\ THE " ENGLISH MAIL, — ^ —■—— [BY KLKCTKIC TKr/EGK Al'Il.] [alsikaman ASSOCIATED PUIS* TKLKQRAMS.] Amxaidk, Tuesday. The U.M.S. Peru arrived at eleven o'clock last night, after a splendid'passage of 17. days from Gallc. The weather was so rough as to delay landing of mails till nrurly (hree o'clock this morning. J.oxnoN, llli September. Upon his return from Ireland Sir G. Unify visited Lord Carnarvon, at- Highclere Uastle, in Hampshire. Commissioner llopwood, who was a witness in •the Tichborno case, has been sentenced to a year's imprisonment, for bigamy. The claimant's late s-eretary applied for a. summons against Mary Ann Loder lor perjury, and the applicant was referred to the Court of the Queen's Bench. Mr. .Sothern has relinquished.the idea of visit ing Australia. The project has been revived for erecting a permanent building for tile Colonial Exhibition. The Hight Hon. IL C. K, Childers has been nominated qhnirman of the Great Western liail wav of Canada. The labor market still remains in a highly illllamed condition, and the wages question proves dillicult of adjustment. The Belfast, strike, all'eeting 40,011(1 persons, after lasting eight- weeks, was terminated on the 2i>th August, by submission to the masters' .terms. , On the same day ;it a meeting, attended by 12,000 persons ami some quarry men, near Bethesda, it was agreed to accept the concessions ottered by Lord Peurhyn, sub ject to the distnissal of two obnoxious agents, and (he minimum weekly wages to be 30s. to skilled men. These conditions being refused, the men, have cleared out their tools from the quarry. The miners of KiCeshtre and Claekuiananshiro having refused to submit to a reduction of 15 per cent., the masters have de creed a general lock-out,; the men, however, are not- agreed—2,100 voted for resistance and l,l.H for an acceptance of the terms; 3,300 have not voted. Secession from the Union is probable. In West Lancashire, Flintshire Lanarkshire, and Durham notices of reduction have been given by the colliery owners, A similar movement is impending in Northumberland. The Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of reduction to arbitration in London, and the decision atlirmed the demands of the em ployers for 12 J per cent., rebatemcnt. Some Leicestershire miners have struck against the reduction of (id. i>er day, after a protracted re sistance and several conferences. The South Wales miners agreed to submit to 10 percent, reduction, on condition that their wage} arc not again lowered during the present year. The bulk of locked out laborers have obtained work, without surrendering their tickets, at improved wages. Any aged men, however, by joining the Union will have to enter the workhouses. The lock-out lasted eighteen Weeks, and cost, tlte Union £'25,000. Four hundred men have emi grated; 400 immigrated, and 870 have returned to work without, giving up their tickets, and about -100'arc still unemployed. The Pilgrim Band finally broke up at Halifax, only 21 of the original 100 remaining. At Bradford some were arrested on a charge of begging; about £700 was cleared. ' | The Queen remains in Scotland till November. ; (hi his return from Ireland, the Danish King visited Kdinburgh, where lie experienced an enthusiastic welcome. A licet of fourteen steamers went out to escort the Koya! party, and the city was gaily decorated in honor of the occasion. The Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to Copenhagen. The Prince of Wales, meanwhile, has figured in a a series of fustivitie< at Plymouth to celebrate the opening of the new Guildhall, costing £400,01)0. On one day there was a grand Freemasons' demonstration; and on the closing day a military ceremony and perform ance of tlie " Creation" at the Guildhall. The prince arrived at Marlborough House on the 22ud, and during the day visited the Empress of Austria, and Prince and Princess ot Konmania, and the Prince of the Asturias. The live Royal children left the same day in the yacht Osborne for Copenhagen. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, after being banqueted at Brussels, reached Folkestone oil the 20th August on their return from a con tinental tour. The town was decorated and an address of welcome was presented. They have been since at Balmoral. On the 2Sth the Duke pays a visit, to Liverpool for several days. The Imperial Prince and Princess of Germany left Kyde on 2-ltU August for the continent. The Prince of Wales went to llerlina week later to he present at- the confirmation of the Imperial Prince's eldest son. On the 1st, September lie will accompany the lvuperor to witness the military manoeuvres at. Hanover. The Emperor of Austria has arrived in Eng land, incognito, to join the Empress in the Isle of Wight. The Count de .Tarnac has b;cti appoiuted French Ambassador in London. Two limv bishops of St, David's and Central Africa were consecratcd on the 21th August in Westminister Abbey bj- the Archbishop of Canterbury. The evidence being insufficient to prove the charge preferred against Sir George Klliott, the member for North Durham, the petition was withdrawn. Mr. Gladstone, in a letter to the Gminlirin, denies the statement, industriously propagated that the Queen had endeavored to influcncc his conduct with regard to the Public Worship Re gulation Bill. The reversal by the Dean of Arches of the Bishop of Exeter's judgment in the Kxeter Keredos case excites much interest in clerical circles. •■•The break up of the Ashantce monarchy is quickly following on the English ric:orv, and the Kings of Djuabin and Beequu. having de clined to renew their homage to King Colfee, he has appealed to the British Administration at Cape Coast Castle for assistance, and the situa tion is further complicated by a report that the hostile kings have been promised support by the Chiefs of Akim and Denkara. Captain Lees having gone to Coomassieto mediate, has been well received. Lieutenant Cameron, in a letter to the Foreign OHice, has declared that the slave trade still flourishes in a belt of jungle villigej, about a woek's march from the east coast. In order to destroy tile traffic, he recommends the con struction of 3. railroad from B.igomoys to Ujiji, under the protection of a European com missioner. Mr. Gladstone, ;y a shareholder in the Metro politan Railway Company, has written to the chairman, recommending more moderate fares and the substitution of two classes of passengers for three, and to minister to the wants of the greatest number he regards as the'"wisest policy. 1 There are indications of a revival of Liberal courage and unity. Three demonstrations have taken place at Frome, Brighton, and Sheffield, at which places spirited addresses'<vere delivered by Mr. Goscheu and Mr. Fawcett. Professor Tyndall.tlie president, delivered the inaugural address before the British Association. He demanded absolute liberty for scientific in vestigation, and the submission of I religious theories, schemes, and systems to its decisions. He was afterwards ably supported by Professor Huxley. The Welsh National Eis'.edford has been held at Bangor, and attracted an immense audience. The Bishop of Bangor presided. A Wclsli ora tion was delivered by Morgan Lloyd,'M P. In the choral competition for to guineas and a gold medal the prize was won by. the Carnarvon Phii liarmonic Society. Other gold and silver medals were competed for. An association is beiug formed iu London to prosecute ritualistic clergymen under the new act. An exciting controversy, inimical to the popu larity ol the English Church, has been provoked by the. refusal of a clergyman, supported by the Bishop of Lincoln,to permit the word '• levereml" to be inscribed on the tombstone of adaughtcr of a Wesleyan Minister. The subject was brought before the Conference duriug the recent sitting. The frightful iiicrease of .crimes of a brutal character, and especially kicking to death, is provoking an indignant outcry against the ab surd leniency of punishments inflicted, ami even ■magistra.es declare that the savage ferocity gaining ground must be met by repressive legis Crcmation gams ground in European opinion, while ill America German societies are springing | up for burning the dead. On the 22nd August the great hosiery factory of Messrs. Morley, at Swinton, near Notting ham, was burned down and £10,000 worth of property destroyed. 500 persons were thrown out of employment. Incendiarism is suspected. Early on Sunday morning, Messrs. Richardson's large papenuills, near Jarrow, on the Tjne, were consumed. The estimated damage is £60,000. On Tuesday a fire broke out in the South Prison at Glasgow, by which the west wing was gutted. On the lGtli August a con siderable part of the town of Market I Jarborough was burned down. At a'destructive lire at •Greaty's timber yard, Manchester, the loss vas £-10,000. ' The Jersey Docks and Harbor Board has in • tiiuated to the Gas Company that they bold them responsible for the destruction of the landing stage, through carelessness. A Chilian ironclad, built at Earle's Yard, at Hull, and designed by Mr. Reed, made a success ful trial trip. Saddler has accepted the. challenge of George Brown, of Nova Scotia, to roiv for £500 for the championship of the world. The date of tlie race is the 19th of October, at Coleraine, in Ireland. In the International boat race on the Dec, he twceu Aberdeen and Jvdiiiburyh, the former won by a length. A Indies' cricket match lias been played in Dnofcs, between two elevens. One lady con tributed 01 runs. ' Obituary.—-Alderman Challis, Lieut.-General Sir .James Lindsay, the Harmless Birner (from a fall from a horse), liobort Sly, horse trainer; J. fc\ Fisher,,railway manager; Lady Ltes, Lady W\ 1 \nssc 11, Sir F. Kemp. of Norfolk; Her. F. C. Kwald, missionary among the .lews; Ad-.niral Ohargneau; Forcade de la Koquc.'te, cx-iiora partist Minister; liev. James Shore, Henry Jenkins, of Oxford; Sydney JJobell, poet; Hugh Gladstone, nephew of tho e.v-I'iemier; J. II. Foley, sculptor. A railway to the .summit of Mount. Vesuvius is projected. Mount- Ktna is in eruption. Brigandage is assuming serious proportions in Sicily. A' Philadelphia society, established to assist Kngli-dunen in distress, recommends the tem porary suspension o£ emigration to America, and is helping hundred ■; to rctnni. The cruel misrepresentations of agents in Kngland are strongly denounced, and artisans ll.v are warned against leaving England. Hank of Australasia lias paid a second dividend of per cent. Tallcrmaim's Meat Agency Company has de clared another dn-idend of 1(5 per cent. 