INTRODUCTION. The first session of the eighth Parlia- ment of Victoria, which has been but a barren one, though it lasted over seven months, was brought to an end on the 21th December, when the prorogation took place with the customary formalities. The principal measure of the session- the Local Government Bill - has been passed into law, though the difference of opinion existing, between the two Houses on certain points caused its fate long to hang in the balance. The spirit of com- promise however, eventually prevailed in both Chambers, and a very ponderous act has been added to the statute book. The principal conflict of opinion was upon clause 399, dealing with the ques- tion of closed roads and roads through private property This clause was struck out by the Legislative Council, and the one they inserted in its place was finally adopted by the Assembly with some slight amendments. As the law now stands on this subject, it is the duty of the local bodies to have the roads opened, save in exceptional cases where it can be clearly shown that the road is not required. Local bodies, with the permission of the Governor in Council, are empowered to grant licences to close such roads as are not required. Power is given to the Board of Land and Works, when it is shown that the road is not required, to have a fair valuation made of it, so that it may be sold, and the money derived from the sale paid over to the muni- cipality in case it should be necessary at any future time for the land to be re- sumed and the road to be re-opened, the municipality is empowered to resume the land and reopen the road on repaying to the owner the amount for which he originally purchased from the munici- pality. The Legislative Council insisted that owners of ratable property should be allowed to vote in any subdivision where the ratable property is situated ; and on this point they were successful. The power of the representatives of pro- perty in the Legislative Council se- cured the rejection of the Mining on Private Property Bill for the third time. The defeat of this measure, the adoption of which would have done much for the mining interest throughout the colony, is much to be regretted but it was intro- duced in such a half hearted way that there was no prospect of success from the first. Ministers did not introduce the bill until the end of the session, and its ad- vocates displayed none of that earnestness which is essential to the passage of such a measure. The bill introduced to put down the intolerable nuisance of larri- kinism by providing for the infliction of the punishment of flogging for crimes and outrages of a violent character, was lost in the Assembly after its second reading, in consequence of a blunder on the part of the Ministry, which enabled an adversary to raise a formal point of order that proved fatal. The larrikins and their friends are jubilant accord- ingly. On the last day but one of the session, the Ministry sought to introduce a rail- way construction bill, to provide for the construction of that portion of the Gipps- Land Railway which will connect Oak- leigh and Melbourne, and which had been left unauthorised pending the settlement of the claims of the rival routes known as the "outer circle" and the "inner circle," the latter involving the purchase of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company. The Minister of Railways announced that the Government had determined to adopt the outer circle route, and said the ob- ject was to carry the second reading of the bill in order that the permanent sur- vey of the route might be made during the recess. A strong opposition was raised to the proposal, and the House being counted out at 4 o'clock on the morning of the prorogation, the bill was lost. The sur- vey, however, is to be made upon the strength of a division on the question of adjournment, in which the Government had a majority. The Judicature Bill, which has become law, establises a new court for the trial of offences to be called a Central Criminal Court, and a uniformity of venue in civil and criminal judicature. It divides the colony into six circuit court districts, the boundaries of which will be coterminous, and also provides for the establishment of the grand jury system in criminal cases. Among the other results of the session are a bill to continue the present system of payment of members for another three years, a Customs Law Amendment Bill, and a Compulsory Vaccination Bill. The speech of His Excellency the Governor proroguing Parliament had but small achievements for its theme of con- gratulation. It is impossible to avoid the conclusion that if less time had been frittered away in purpose- less discussions which had no bear- ing on public questions, the session would not have been distinguished as it has been by a plentiful lack of practical legislation. "Words, not deeds," has been the motto of hon. members, or there would have been some- thing, more important for the open- ing paragraph of the prorogation speech than the announcement that the boundary line between Victoria and New South Wales had been satisfactorily ad- justed. Parliament is prorogued until the 1st of February next, and the time will probably be extended to the first week in May. The vacancy in the representation of Richmond occasioned by the retirement of the Hon. J. G. Francis was filled on the 8th December, when Mr. Joseph Bosisto was returned in opposition to Mr. L. L. Smith by a majority of 188 votes. SOCIAL. By the present mail steamer His Excellency Sir George Bowen goes to England on leave of absence for seven months, and will be back in Melbourne in July or August next. Lady Bowen will return with him if there is any prospect of Government-house being then speedily completed but should this not be the case, Lady Bowen will remain in England until the end of next year. Sir George Bowen during the period of his foreign service, 24 years, has had leave of absence on only one previous occasion and has not been in England since 1859, when he went out as Governor to Queensland. Holiday-making has been the business to which all classes have principally devoted themselves during the last week or so, and the festivities which belong to the season will not be fairly at an end for at least another week. Christmas has seldom been more en- joyed than has been the case this year. The weather, which up to the 23rd of the month had been singularly cold and tempestuous, completely changed on the 24th, and since then cloudless skies and balmy breezes have been the rule. Visitors from the country have poured into Melbourne, and the city has worn a thoroughly holiday aspect. The out- door sports on Boxing-day were never more numerously attended, and in the evening the theatres and other places of entertainment were one and all crowded. In fact, there was scarcely one of them capable of holding the audiences which presented themselves. The steamship Northumberland left Sand- ridge pier for London on the 5th inst. Amongst her passengers were Mr. Du Cane, the late Governor of Tasmania, and the Hon. Mrs. Du Cane and family. His Excellency Sir George Bowen accompanied his late guests as far as Sorrento, where he landed. He was brought back the next day by the Government steamer Pharos. The Northum- berland took a considerable number of pas- sengers and a large cargo. Considerable interest has been excited by the arrival in 47½ days of the new screw steamship St. Osyth, from Plymouth. The St. Osyth has made the fastest passage known between England and Aus- tralia, and her commander (Captain McNabb) is sanguine of yet doing the distance under 45 days. She had to contend for more than three weeks against heavy adverse weather, and also put into St. Jago for 24 hours, which caused another delay. The St. Osyth, which is berthed at the railway pier, Sandridge, has since her arrival been in- spected by thousands of visitors. Victoria has not after all been honoured with a visit from Cakobau, the ex- King of Fiji. He was very desirous of visiting this colony, but as H.M.S. Dido could not delay her departure from Sydney for Fiji, he took advantage of the opportunity and returned by that vessel to his late dominions. The commissioners appointed to make suggestions as to the best mode of represent- ing Victoria at the forthcoming exhibition to be held at Philadelphia, have sent in their report to the Government. They pro- pose that an exhibition be held in Melbourne in August next, and steps have been already taken to make this as complete a success as possible. Correspondence has been entered into with all the Australian colonies and New Zealand, with the settlements in the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and with all the territories from which it is at all probable that exhibits might be forwarded. In their report the commissioners suggest that the Government should grant a sum of £5,000 ; of this amount £3,000 to be spent for the purposes of the exhibition and £2,000 for buildings. In addition to the building to be erected with the £2,000, the trustees of the Public Library will grant the use of all the buildings that have been previously occupied for the purposes of an exhibition. The following gentlemen have been appointed commissioners for carrying out the arrange- ments of the exhibition :- Sir Redmond Barry (chairman), the Count de Castelnau ; Hons. J. J. Casey, J. F. Sullivan, and C. J. Jenner ; Judge Bindon ; Messrs. Munro and Bosisto. M.L.A.'s Rev. J. J. Bleasdale, the Mayor of Melbourne, and Messrs, McIlwraith and Sherrard ; secretary, Mr. G. C. Levey. The Government of New South Wales has promised to place a sum of money on the Estimates for the purpose of being repre- sented at both Melbourne and Philadelphia. And South Australia has undertaken to act with the rest of the Australian colonies. A munificent gift has been made to the Melbourne University by Mr. Samuel Wilson of Ercildoun, a squatter, whose liberality has previously been displayed in other directions. He has placed at the disposal of the authori- ties of the University the sum of £30,000, for the erection of a hall in keeping with the de- sign of the present buildings, the donation to be free from any conditions whatever. In his letter to the chancellor offering the gift to the University, Mr. Wilson intimated that, having been successful in the colony far be- yond his expectations, he felt he owed a debt of gratitude to Australia, and it was his de- sire to apply a sum of money to a purpose of a public nature which would testify in a per- manent manner the interest which he felt in the welfare of Victoria. Having considered the subject of what would be the most suitable way of giving expression to this feeling he came to a decision in favour of the Uni- versity for reasons which he explained as follows :- "As the true greatness of every country consists chiefly in the right use of the cultivated intellects of its most gifted sons, it is to the highest seat of learning that we must look for the great men of our future history ; and I finally decided that the head of the system of secular education in Vic- toria, the University of Melbourne, is the institution most worthy of my aid. By the high educational standard which it main- tains, it enables men of talent and industry, without distinction of station in life or of religious belief, to fit themselves for any position to which they may attain, whether as merchants, professional men, resident landowners or statesmen, whose duty it will be to guide the destiny of this young but growing country, the future greatness of which no one can doubt." The annual cricket match between the Parliament and the Press took place on the 4th inst., on the Melbourne Cricket-ground. The Press were again victorious, scoring 189 against 101 made by the representatives of the Legislature. His Excellency the Go- vernor and Mr. Du Cane, late Governor of Tasmania, were present. The Roman Catholic archbishop of Mel- bourne, Dr. Goold, with the bishop appointed to the new diocese of Ballarat, Dr. O'Connor, arrived from Europe by the mail steamer Ceylon on Saturday evening, 12th inst. The archbishop was received by a large party of the clergy and laity at Williamstown, and conveyed by special train to the Spencer-street railway station. Here a carriage was in readiness, which took the archbishop with Dr. O'Connor and Dean Moore (the latter of whom had accompanied Dr Goold on his voyage home and out) to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where a large congrega- tion was assembled. The archbishop, after pro- nouncing the benediction, thanked his flock for their kind welcome, and immediately left for the palace. On Sunday afternoon several addresses of welcome were presented to the archbishop at the cathedral, which was densely crowded on the occasion. In all the addresses, allusion was particularly made to the education question, and the resistance of the Catholics of Victoria to the present system of public instruction. Dr. Goold, in his replies, also urged his flock to support the Catholic schools, and to withstand a system of education, in which he said, "God was shut out of the schools, and every name allowed to be mentioned in them save the name of the Creator of all things." Dr. O'Connor has since taken charge of his diocese. He was very cordially welcomed by the Roman Catholics of Ballarat. Intelligence has been received that O'Fer- rall, the Lands department defaulter, has been arrested at Singapore. For more than 12 months O'Ferrall has succeeded in eluding the pursuit of justice. In the first instance, O'Ferrall, favoured by the remissness of his superiors in the Lands office, was enabled to make his escape from the colony, and for some time the efforts of the police to discover his whereabouts resulted in failure. He was eventually traced to New Caledonia, and Detective Mackay was despatched there with the necessary powers to secure him. He was not able to accomplish this object, as O'Fer- rall, partly through information sent to him from his friends here, and partly, it is alleged, through the connivance of some of the lower French police authorities in New Caledonia, was kept acquainted with all the proceedings taken against him. After several vain attempts to capture him, the police authorities here determined to lull him into a sense of false se- curity, and with that view they appa- rently withdrew from the pursuit, and De- tective Mackay was recalled. His friends here were then induced to believe that the pursuit was abandoned, and that O'Ferrall could without difficulty leave the island. A French detective was engaged in New Cale- donia, and was empowered to arrest O'Ferrall if the opportunity offered. Some sources of information to O'Ferrall were closed by the changes made by Admiral Ribourt after the escape of Rochefort. A strict watch was kept on vessels leaving, especially on those bound for Honolulu and San Francisco. Finding these avenues of escape stopped, O'Ferrall appears to have considered the boldest plan the most feasible, and as far as can be ascertained he left New Caledonia in a small vessel trading to Queensland, and from thence left by the Torres Straits mail steamer. The Victorian Government received information almost simultaneously that O'Ferrall had left New Caledonia for Queensland, and that he had been seen in the latter colony and had departed by the steamer. The news came too late to allow of his arrest in Queensland, but the telegraph was at once set to work. His Excellency communicated with Sir Andrew Clarke, the Governor of the Straits Settlements, Singapore being the first port at which the steamer would call, and requested his assist- ance in arresting the offender. All neces- sary information was forwarded. On De- cember 9 a telegram was received by His Excellency from Sir Andrew Clarke, stating that O'Ferrall had been arrested, and had been brought before the police- court, and remanded, pending the arrival of the warrant. In anticipation of this news, Detective O'Callaghan had been sent to Brisbane with a warrant and, in accordance with instructions, he left by the Torres Straits mail steamer Legislator, to proceed to Singapore for the purpose of bringing back O'Ferrall. He will return with his prisoner by the next mail steamer. Under the 141st section of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute, O'Ferrall is liable on conviction to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding 10 years. This clause has special reference to embezzlement com- mitted by persons in the public service of the Crown. A very old colonist, Mr. William Hull, died at St Kilda on the 15th inst., in the 80th year of his age. Mr. Hull arrived in the colony in 1840, and commenced business as a wine merchant in Payne's-buildings, Eliza- beth-street. Afterwards he removed to Swanston- street, and was the head of the firm of Hull and Sons until 1856, when he retired from trade. Soon after he came to Melbourne Mr. Hull recognised the dis- advantage under which Port Phillip laboured as a dependency of New South Wales, and he accordingly assisted in the movement for separation. Mr. Hull was a great opponent of transportation, and took a share in the many demonstrations which were held with a view to show the opinion of the colonists as to the attempts made to thrust the felonry of the mother-country into our midst. On the inauguration of the Constitution, Mr. Hull became a candidate for the representa- tion of Richmond, but Mr. D. S. Campbell and Dr. Evans were above him on the poll, and they were returned. On the death of Mr. John Hodgson in 1860, Mr. Hull offered himself to the electors of the Central Pro- vince for the vacant seat in the Legislative Council, and he was elected, although he had a formidable opponent in the person of Mr. John Pinney Bear. Mr. Hull remained in Parliament until September, 1866, when his term of office expired. He then retired altogether from public life. Owing to the unfavourable season, the weather being cold and wet, sericulture has not prospered to the extent that was antici- pated. The unusual cold which interfered with the hatching process and the develop- ment of the worms, also checked the growth of the mulberry trees, and food was conse- quently scarce. From Tasmania very good results have been obtained. Miss Clark, a pupil of Mrs. Bladen Neill, last year took 8oz. of grain to Hobart Town. The Tasmanian Go- vernment granted her the use of large rooms at the Orphan Asylum, and also the labour of the children and of the old women pen- sioners. She was able to get a good supply of leaves from some fine old mulberry trees there. In Adelaide 8,000 mulberry trees were planted some years ago, and by next year there will be 90 acres of these trees available. At Perth 20,000 young trees were planted out two years since. The New South Wales silk sent to Lyons by the Victorian Sericultural Com- pany has been valued by Dufour and Co. at 42s. to 43s. per lb. Mrs. Bladen Neill goes to Europe by the mail steamer, taking with her a quantity of fine cocoons, the produce of this colony. An epidemic of measles which has ex- tended from one end of the colony to the other, has broken out. It has attacked both old and young, and in some districts there has been considerable mortality. Scarcely a single school has escaped the epidemic, and the Christmas speech days were considerably interfered with in consequence. The disease even broke out amongst the garrison artillery, and to prevent the infection spreading through the whole force, the men were marched down to Cheltenham, where they camped in the open air for 12 days. This had the desired effect, and the force is again in a healthy state - not a single case of sickness remain- ing. Measles is a disease which rarely as- sumes an epidemic form here, and it is many years since any general outbreak of the ma- lady took place. The notorious criminal Thomas Sullivan, who was concerned with three others, Bur- gess, Levy, and Kelly, in the commission of several atrocious murders at Maungatapu, near Nelson, New Zealand, in June, 1866, has been apprehended at Wedderburn, in this colony, under the Criminals Influx Pre- vention Act. Sullivan was found guilty of one murder, and was a participator in several others ; but as it was through his evidence that the other criminals were convicted, the sentence of death passed upon him was com- muted to imprisonment for life. About 12 months ago the New Zealand Government granted him his release on the condition that he left the colony. He was with some difficulty shipped under an assumed name on a vessel going to London, but on arriving there, finding himself closely watched by the police, he took the first opportunity that presented itself and came out to this colony. He had formerly resided at Wed- derburn, where it appeared he had left a wife and children, and also property. According to his own story, these, in fact, were the inducements which brought him to this colony. The act under which Sullivan was arrested provides that convicts coming to Victoria from any other place, even although they may have been par- doned, shall be liable to three years impri- sonment. The prisoner was brought before the magistrates at the Melbourne City Police Court on the 16th inst., when Superin- tendent Winch, who conducted the prosecu- tion, stated that Sullivan was brought up under the 2nd clause of the act. If the Bench were satisfied of his identity, they could take one of three courses, viz., imprison him here for three years, hold him to bail to leave the colony within reasonable time, or send him back to the place from which he came. Mr. Winch asked the Bench to take the last course and send the prisoner back to New Zealand. After hearing the evidence, which conclusively proved the identity of the pri- soner, the Bench made an order that Sullivan should be taken in custody to the country whence he came, informing him at the same time that should he appear here again he would be sentenced to three years' imprisonment in irons. Some difficulty is experienced in carrying out the decision of the Bench, the owners of vessels being naturally averse to carrying such an undesirable passenger, and for the present Sullivan remains in confine- ment in the Melbourne Gaol. The Supreme Court has recently decided the action brought by Mr. C. G. Casey, a surgeon, against Mr. Candler, the district coroner. The action was brought to recover damages for false imprisonment. At an in- quest held at Brighton, presided over by Mr. Candler, Mr. Casey was examined as a witness. In the course of his examination an altercation took place between him and the coroner, and the latter conceiving that the witness had been guilty of con- tempt of court, asked for an apology. Mr. Casey refused an apology, remarking that it was the coroner who ought to apologise to him. The coroner then committed him to gaol for 24 hours. The question raised by the action was whether, under the circum- stances, the coroner had legally exercised the power of committal. There was a great deal of legal argument expended on the sub- ject, but the Court eventually decided that the coroner had legally exercised the juris- diction he possessed. The verdict recorded by the jury for the defendant has therefore been upheld. A desperate criminal named John Wee- church has lately been tried for his life on a charge of assaulting a warder at Pentridge with intent to murder him. Weechurch, who had previously undergone sentences of imprisonment, and who appears to have been transported from England to Tasmania, was in 1866 sentenced to six years' hard labour for horsestealing. This term would, if he had conducted himself properly, have expired in April 1872. But Weechurch's be- haviour in gaol was of such a nature as to cause the visiting justice from time to time to add terms of imprisonment, so that in 1872 he had still a number of years to serve before he could be released. Weechurch was of opinion that after the expiration of his original sentence, he was in illegal custody, and he made several unsuccessful applications for his release. These being disregarded, he one day made an attempt to stab Mr. Duncan, the inspector of penal establishments. All the circumstances con- nected with the affair showed that the plan for murder had been carefully prepared. Weechurch was then found guilty and sen- tenced to death. The Executive, however, commuted this punishment to imprisonment for life, as there appeared to be some doubt as to the law under which the prisoner was detained after the completion of his first sentence. Instructions were, however, given that Weechurch should be care- fully watched and should not be permitted the use of any implement with which he could inflict injury upon others. Unfortunately, from a mistaken humane notion, these instructions were not very carefully attended to. As Weechurch promised to behave himself, the inspector- general allowed him to work in a garden with two other prisoners under the superinten- dence of a warder named James Coghlan. For three weeks Weechurch worked in the garden with a hoe without attempting to molest anyone ; but on the morning of the 6th November last he crept up behind the warder and struck him a fearful blow on the side of the head. Half an inch higher up and Coghlan would have been killed instan- taneously. As it was his injuries were of such a character as to render it doubtful for a time whether he would re- cover, but eventually he was restored to health. At Weechurch's trial the defence set up was that he had been treated like a wild beast, that he had been improperly im- prisoned under the visiting justices' sen- tences, that the separate confinement to which he was subjected was enough to drive him mad, and that he assaulted the warder only with the object of having his grievances ventilated. To the astonishment of the com- munity the jury accepted this defence, and found Weechurch "not guilty." Captain McLay, of the barque Apelles, from Calcutta, has brought intelligence of the destruction at sea of a vessel whose name he could not discover. The Apelles left Sand Heads at 1 p.m. on October 29, and about 30 miles S.S.W. from the Eastern Channel lightship a ship on fire was discovered. Captain McLay bore down on her, and passed close under her stern, hailing her at the same time, but receiving no reply. There was good moonlight and fine weather at the time, and the Apelles sailed round her twice, passing on one occasion very close across her bow. Men were sent aloft on the Apelles to the topgallant yards to look down on and into the burning ship, which internally was a seething lurid mass, having two large heaps of fire, one about the main hatch, and the other near the after hatch. There were no decks visible, and the beams, combings, and other framework were seen in clear and distinct relief against the fire. Captain McLay ordered his crew to make as much noise as possible, with the view of attracting the attention of anyone who might be on board the burning wreck. There was no response, however, save the echo of the accosting voices. Determined if possible to find out something more about the blazing derelict, Captain McLay remained in prox- imity to her during the night, and burnt a number of blue lights to attract attention, in case there should be any boats in the vicinity with the crew in them. Not a boat was to be seen, however, or sign of any life on board the wreck at daylight next morning, and taking advantage of a light breeze, the Apelles again sailed closed by the stern, and ample time was afforded to closely note the appearance the vessel presented. Captain McLay describes her as a splendid iron clipper, about 250ft. in length, and about 1,500 tons register, a beautiful model. A correspondent of The Argus has suggested that the vessel, judging from the description, was either the Chinsurah or the Alexandra, belonging to Messrs. T. and R. Brocklebank. Several fatal accidents have occurred during the month. At Sandridge the wife of Mr. R. A. Morgan, residing at that town, and her infant son, were burned to death by the explosion of a kerosene lamp, which set fire to the bed in which they were sleeping. On Boxing Day a party of young men went up the River Yarra in a pleasure boat, and contriving to upset the boat, two of them, named Benjamin Reynolds and William Foster, were drowned. Two lives have been lost in the Long Tunnel, Wal- halla, under melancholy circumstances. A miner named John Hagan was suffocated by the fumes of gunpowder, and Henry Basford, in endeavouring to bring up the body, was killed by falling down the winze. Several other miners were overcome, and had narrow escapes whilst endeavouring to rescue Bas- ford. Mr. Simpson, manager of the Bank of Vic- toria at Epsom, who is accused of embezzling the sum of £700, has given himself up to the police. He has been admitted to bail, pending an investigation at the Police Court, A. W. Cruden, late manager of the Rochester branch of the Union Bank, has also been ar- rested on a charge of embezzlement. POLITICAL. Parliament, after being in session for over seven months, has at length been prorogued. The prorogation took place on the 24th De- cember. Even up to within the last day or two there was considerable doubt whether hon. members could be relieved from their duties before the Christmas holidays, but Government and Opposition were alike de- sirous of bringing to a close a useless and weary session, and all the business that could not be disposed of within the limited time was allowed to lapse. The principal measure of the session - the Local Government Bill - has been successfully passed into law. The Mining on Private Property Bill has been again rejected by the Council. The Amend- ing Land Bill was not proceeded with, and the motion given notice of by Mr. McLellan, censuring the Government for not dealing with the question of the land, was also allowed to lapse. LOCAL GOVERNMENT BILL. This measure, at the departure of the last mail, had been passed by the Assembly, and had been transmitted to the Council for con- sideration. It was feared that there were some points in the bill upon which there would be a serious difference of opinion be- tween the two Houses which might even imperil the passage of the mea- sure, but this danger was averted through the wise spirit of compromise evinced on both sides, and eventually the bill became law. The second reading was passed in the Council on December 2, and several evenings were passed in considering the bill in committee. The principal amend- ments made by the Council were to strike out clause 370, providing that absolute property in roads shall vest in the Crown ; clause 399, dealing with the question of closed roads and roads through private property and the provision in clause 419, relating to toll- gates, that after the 31st day of December, 1875, no tolls shall be collected at any road or at or near any bridge, other than a bridge which is private property and constructed by virtue of an act of Parliament. In place of clause 399, an amended clause proposed by Mr. Cuthbert was afterwards inserted. Under this clause the time of open- ing the roads was extended from 12 months after the passing of the act to three years. It was the duty of the local bodies to have the roads opened, save in exceptional cases where it could be clearly shown that the road was not required. A provision from the Shires Statute waa substituted for the penal ties named in clause 399 for non-fulfilment of the act Local bodies, with the permis- sion of the Governor in Council were em- powered to grant licences to close such roads as were not required, and to charge a rent for the licences to be calculated on the amount of the value of the land enclosed. Power was given to the Board of Land and Works, when it was shown that the road was not required, to have a fair valuation made of it, so that it might be sold, and the money derived from the sale paid over to the muni- cipality. In case it should be necessary at any future time for the land to be resumed and the road to be thrown open, the muni- cipality was empowered to resume the land and reopen the road on repaying to the owner the amount for which he originally purchased from the municipality. These amendments with the others were taken into considera- tion by the Assembly on the measure being returned to the Lower House. Several of the amendments were disagreed with, but the Go- vernment as far as possible adopted a con- ciliatory course. The amendments relative to tolls, to the valuation of property, and to voting, were disagreed with. A provision was inserted to provide for a separate elec- toral roll for the Council and Assembly, to be made for persons who, through non- payment of rates, were not entitled to be placed on the municipal roll. The principal discussion took place in reference to clause 399 relating to the open- ing of closed roads This clause, which was not originally in the bill, but which had been introduced by the Government through the action taken by Mr. A. T. Clark, was struck out by the Council, and a new clause inserted of a less stringent character. The Govern- ment proposed to adopt this clause, with some alterations. Their intention was strenuously opposed by Mr Higinbotham, who declared that he would prefer that the bill should be lost rather than the Assembly should give up the principle involved. The members generally, however, were not dis- posed to risk the loss of the only result of the labours of the session, and the Govern- ment were thus enabled to carry their point without difficulty. The clause was amended in several respects. The period which should elapse before the provision for opening all roads should come into force was altered from three to two years, and the proposal to charge rent for the use of enclosed roads, such revenue to go to the local bodies, was struck out. The bill, with a message inti- mating the action taken with regard to the amendments, was sent back to the other Chamber. The Council determined to insist on their amendment in clause 74, enabling owners of ratable property to vote in any subdivision where the ratable property was situated, and the Assembly gave way on this point. The bill, with others, was assented to by the Governor on the day of proroga- tion. MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY BILL. The second reading of this bill, which was similar in all its provisions to the one re- jected by the Council last year, was moved in that Chamber on December 17 by Mr An- derson. There was a lengthy debate on the subject, but hon. members generally objected to being called upon to deal with so impor- tant a measure on almost the last day of the session, and it was also apparent that the majority were averse to the main principles of the bill. The motion for the second reading wae negatived on a division by a majority of eight votes to seven. It was clear from the thinness of the House, that no great interest was felt in the ultimate fate of the measure the rejection of which was regarded as a foregone conclusion. CRIMES AND OFFENCES PREVENTION BILL. This measure which provided for the in- fliction of the punishment of flogging for crimes and outrages of a violent character and which was specially intended to put down the rapidly increasing nuisance of "larrikinism," was unfortunately lost in the Assembly after passing its second reading, upon a formal point of order. The measure also dealt with the supervision of marine stores. The second reading in the Assembly was moved by Mr. Kerferd on December 16. During the debate much opposition was manifested to the proposal to give police magistrates the power of inflicting the punishment of flog- ging for certain offences but the second reading was agreed to by a majority of 13. It was intended in committee to make an attempt to strike out the whipping clauses. Before these were reached however Mr. G. P. Smith raised the point of order that as the measure was one affecting and relating to trade it ought according to the standing orders, to have originated in committee of the whole. This view was combated by Mr. Kerferd and and other members of the Go- vernment but the Speaker on being appealed to upheld the point raised. The bill, in con- sequence had to be laid aside. The same point was raised last session in reference to the Permissive Bill, with a similar result. It might have been anticipated that the Go- vernment in view of the importance of the measure, would have guarded against any such contingency. RAILWAY CONSTRUCTION BILL. On the very last days of the session, even after the Appropriation Act had been passed through all its stages, Mr Gillies moved for leave to introduce a Railway Construction Bill, the object of which was to provide for the construction of that portion of the Gipps Land Railway viz., from Oakleigh to Mel- bourne, a distance of about eight miles, which hitherto had been left unauthorised. When the subject was under the consideration of Parliament last session, the proposition of the Government was to connect the Gipps Land line with the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway at Elsternwick and from that point to take running powers over the Hobson's Bay line. This proposition was so distasteful to the House that it was with- drawn and the Gipps Land line was only authorised as far as Oakleigh, pend- ing further information. In accord- ance with the expressed wish of Par- liament negotiations were entered into for the purchase of the company's line. The Government, however, was unable to come to terms with the directors of the Hobson's Bay Company and the negotiations fell through. An alternative proposition had been suggested by the engineer-in-chief, who recommended a route described as the outer- circle route whereby the line skirting the north-eastern suburbs of Melbourne would join with the Gipps Land line at Oakleigh. During the past year a strong local feeling in favour of this line has been excited in the suburbs which by this route would obtain the benefit of railway communication, and on the other hand a feeling equally strong has been raised in the suburbs on the oppo- site side of Melbourne which were anxious for the purchase of the Hobson's Bay line, or for a direct route to Oakleigh. Mr. Gillies, in introducing the bill on the 22nd December, announced the decision of the Government in favour of the outer- circle line. After describing the action previously taken in the matter, the hon. member proceeded to state the various routes which had been proposed, which were as follows :- Outer circle, cost £195,070, dis- tance 16 miles 44 chains : North Melbourne to Oakleigh, via Richmond, £210,107, 15 miles 11 chains ; Hawthorn to Oakleigh, £74,896, 13 miles 10 chains ; Picnic station to Oakleigh, £94,242, 12 miles 16 chains ; South Yarra to Oakleigh, £73,054, 11 miles 66 chains ; Balaclava to Oakleigh, £40,866, 12 miles 70 chains ; Elsternwick to Oakleigh, £30,715, 13 miles 9 chains ; Spencer-street station to Oakleigh, via Prahran, &c.;, £164,803, 9 miles 53 chains ; Spencer-street station to Oakleigh, via St. Kilda and Els- ternwick, £141,287, 11 miles 65 chains. The adoption of either of the lines Nos. 3, 4, 5, 6, or 7, would render it necessary that power should be obtained to run over the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay line, and that £96,078 be expended to make a junction with Spencer- street station. After a consideration of all the proposed routes, the Government, he stated, had arrived at the conclusion that the best one to adopt for the public advantage would be the outer-circle route. The House had expressed a great objection to running powers being taken over the Hobson's Bay line, and there would be great difficulty and inconvenience to shipping caused by the erection of a swing bridge over the Yarra below the Falls. In view of those facts there was, therefore, no alternative but to choose the outer-circle route. The proposal of the Government, while satisfying some members of the House, roused the strongest opposition of others, and it was freely stated that every form would be availed of in order to prevent the bill being passed. Bearing in mind the late period of the session at which the bill had been in- troduced, the Government themselves could scarcely have anticipated that the measure would become law, but their principal aim was to secure the second reading being carried, in order that the permanent survey of the route might be made during the recess. The debate on the second reading was adjourned to the 23rd inst. Several opponents of the scheme spoke at length against the measure. Mr. Langton made a lucid but extremely lengthy speech, in which he argued that the proper course would be to purchase the H. B. line. Messrs. Patterson, Jones, and Purves also spoke against the measure. While the latter was speaking, attention was called to the fact that there were strangers in the gallery and the galleries were cleared shortly before 11 o'clock. The adjournment of the debate was afterwards moved, and was negatived by 31 to 12. At 2 o'clock Mr. Gillies intimated that whatever the fate of the bill might be, he should regard that division as an indication of the feeling of the House, and should take upon himself the responsibility of ordering the permanent survey to be made of this route. The ad- journment of the House was next moved, and after further discussion, the House, at 10 minutes past 4 o'clock, was counted out, and the bill was therefore lost. JUDICATURE BILL The second reading of the Judicature Bill was moved in the Assembly by Mr. Kerferd on the 2nd inst. The object of the bill was to establish a new court for the trial of offences, to be called a Central Criminal Court, and to establish uniformity of venue in civil and criminal judicature. At present the boun- daries of the general sessions and circuit court districts are not coterminous, but by this bill it was proposed to remedy this evil. The colony would be divided into six general sessions and six circuit court districts, the boundaries of which would be coterminous. These divisions would be termed bailiwicks. The bill also proposed to amend the practice and procedure of courts of criminal jurisdiction, and provided for the establishment of the grand jury system in criminal cases. The proposal to introduce the grand jury system here was opposed by Mr. Higinbotham and other members, but their opposition was ineffectual, and the bill was passed into law. CUSTOMS LAW AMENDMENT BILL. A bill to amend the law relating to customs has been carried. The bill relates to certain matters of detail in the working of the Cus- toms Act, and provides the machinery neces- sary to carry them into effect. It also pro- vides for the establishment of warehouses in large inland towns as is done in England. The provisions of the Customs Act relating to fraudulent entries are extended to goods entered for warehousing instead of confined to goods entered for duty only. The smuggling laws are extended to include goods brought into Victoria by land over the borders. The bill also makes the employers of clerks making false declarations under the Customs Statute liable to prosecution, and gives power to the Government to appoint warehouses for the cleaning and dressing of rice therein, or for any other purpose which may seem desirable for the encouragement of trade and manufactures. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS BILL. This bill providing for the continuance of the present system of payment of members for another three years has been passed. It was thought that the measure would have been rejected in the Legislative Council but it was carried safely in both Houses. In the Assembly the third reading was passed by 35 to 18 and in the Council by 12 to 11. ELECTION FOR RICHMOND. The election for the representation of the town of Richmond in the Legislative As- sembly, rendered necessary by the resignation of Mr. J. G. Francis, took place on December 8\. The candidates were - Mr. J. Bosisto, a well-known resident of the town, and Mr. L. L. Smith, a defeated candidate at the last election. Mr. Bosisto was returned, the numbers polled being - Mr. Bosisto, 1,352 ; Mr. L. L. Smith, 1,165 ; majority for Mr. Bosisto, 187. The successful candidate is a supporter of the Government. OTHER BUSINESS. The Bill to Amend the Life Assurance Companies Act was lost. A new clause had been introduced by the Treasurer, providing that neither the principal nor the amending bill should apply to the friendly societies registered under the act of 1865. In the Legislative Council an amendment was made whereby the friendly societies were brought within the operation of the statute. The As- sembly disagreed with the amendment.but the Council insisted upon it, and the bill was ac- cordingly lost. Bills to continue the Dis- eases in Stock Act and Drawbacks Act have been passed. A compulsory Vaccination Bill has also become law. The Appropriation Bill was passed in the Assembly on Decem- ber 21, and in the Council on the following day. A bill to amend the Officials in Parliament Act and to repeal the clause which provided that no member of Parliament could accept an office of profit under the Crown, unless he had been six months out of Parliament, was paesed in the Assembly, but lapsed in the Council. PROROGATION OF PARLIAMENT. Parliament was prorogued with the cus- tomary formalities on Thursday, 24th De- cember. The following is the prorogation speech read by His Excellency the Go- vernor :- "Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, " Mr Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly, "It affords me pleasure to be able to release you from your long and arduous labours, and I have to express my thanks for the attention which you have bestowed upon your Parliamentary duties. "A claim has been made by South Aus- tralia that the boundary line between that colony and Victoria, though fixed so far back as 1847, should be re- adjusted. With the view of preserving the friendly relations that exist between the two colonies, it has been considered desirable to refer the matter to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, whose decision will be communicated to you in due course. " The boundary line between Victoria and New South Wales has been satisfactorily adjusted, and the necessary steps have been taken to give full legal effect to the arrange- ment. " Mr Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly : "I have to thank you on behalf of Her Majesty for the supplies so liberally granted by you for the service of the year. "Mr. President and Honourable Gentle- men of the Legislative Council : " Mr Speaker and Gentlemen of the Legis- lative Assembly : '"The present Parliament was returned charged with the special duty of dealing with the acknowledged defects in our constitution. I have observed with satisfaction that this difficult question occupied the earliest atten- tion of both branches of the Legislature ; and although no legislative enactment has been agreed to upon the subject, I cannot re- gard the time which has been devoted to its discussion as having been wasted, as it must tend to a solution of the difficulty. " Notwithstanding the length of time occu- pied in the discussion of constitutional reform, it is a matter for congratulation that some very important measures have been dealt with by you - pre-eminently that relating to local government. In that measure the fullest effect is given to the principle of local self-government, by extending the powers of the various municipal bodies. In addition to this the law has been so amended as to re- medy many of the defects which previously existed. "The Customs Duties Amendment Act is important in respect to the changes made by it in certain duties of customs, but mainly because it may be regarded as the inaugura- tion of a system of fiscal reform which will materially lighten the burdens of the people, and at the same time promote the commerce of the country. By the passing of that measure it has been shown that trade can be freed from hindrances of a vexatious character without doing injury to the manu- facturing industries of the colony. It will be the duty of my advisers during the recess- to consider carefully the desirability of ex- tending the reform thus inaugurated. "The act to erect a new court for the trial of offences, to establish uniformity of venue in civil and criminal judicature, and to amend the practice and procedure of courts of criminal jurisdiction, will be found most useful, removing many anomalies in the administration of the criminal law, subdivi- ding the colony into well defined areas, and rendering more certain the administration of justice. " The amendment of the law respecting neglected and criminal children cannot be regarded as unimportant, affecting as it does the welfare of a class whose after life will depend greatly upon the treatment which they experience in their youth. The boarding-out system has been found most beneficial and this measure cures several defects in the law which considerably inter- fered with its successful operation. "The act you have passed relating to building societies will place those useful institutions in a more satisfactory position. " It is to be regretted that Parliament has, for the third time, failed to concur in passing into law the measure dealing with mining on private property, seeing that such a law is urgently required to remove restrictions upon mining enterprise, and upon the settlement of the country, and that the necessity for it has been acknowledged by both Houses of Parliament. " I observe with satisfaction that you have amended the law relating to customs, giving greater facilities for trade and manufactures ; and that measures curing defects in local governing bodies' loans, and various other important matters, have also received your attention. "During the recess full inquiry will be made, by means of a Royal Commission, re- specting the present condition of the various friendly societies with a view to effective measures being taken to ensure their being placed on a more satisfactory basis than at present. "The works in connexion with the con- struction of the various lines of railways authorised by Parliament are being rapidly proceeded with. Several new lines have been opened, and within a short period other lines will be ready for traffic. Of those authorised by Parliament last year two are under contract for construction, for two more tenders have been called, and the re- mainder are being permanently marked off so that tenders may be invited. On all the lines opened traffic is constantly increasing, and as my advisers are satisfied that a judicious ex- tension of railway accommodation will pro- mote the comfort and prosperity of the people, trial surveys of new lines are now being made with the view of submitting to Parlia- ment new proposals for railway extension. " I have observed with pleasure that the prosecution of our great schemes of water supply has been attended with satisfactory results. The Coliban scheme has proved to be so far a success that Castlemaine is now supplied with water from the Malmsbury Reservoir ; and Geelong, Castlemaine, and Sandhurst are now returning a fair revenue to the state. In several other important localities, under the provisions of the Loan Act, local water supply works are in course of construction. " I am glad to inform you that settlement upon our public lands progresses satisfac- torily. The continuous increase of selection has led my advisers to make inquiries as to the character of settlement that has taken place, and the results prove that of the lands selected for which leases or Crown grants had been issued after the three years' proba- tion of the selectors had expired, not more than three per cent. has been sold or mort- gaged, and of the selectors who have taken up the public lands within the last 12 months, 80 per cent. are in actual personal occupation Attempts have been made in a few instances to evade the law, but with the means now at the disposal of the Lands department, and the information which it is constantly in receipt of, the Government will be enabled to frustrate any efforts in that direction, and to punish those who violate the law. "Steps have already been taken for the purpose of establishing a labour office, which it is expected will benefit alike the employer and the employed. It is confidently antici- pated that the scheme will be self supporting, and will at the same time furnish valuable statistical information as to the employment of the people. "I now, in Her Majesty's name, declare this Parliament to be prorogued to Monday, the 1st day of February next, and it is pro- rogued accordingly. "Melbourne, 24th December, 1874." Copies of the speech were delivered to the President and Speaker and the members of the Assembly withdrew. His Excellency and suite then left the Council chambers, and the proceedings closed. THE WORK OF THE SESSION. The first session of the Eighth Parliament of Victoria was brought to a termination on Thursday. The session was commenced on May 19 and Parliament has therefore been sitting for more than seven months, a period considerably longer than in the previous year. The change of Administration con- sequent on the illness and resignation of Mr. J. G. Francis did not cause an adjournment for more than a few days, and the Assembly has been in continuous session for nearly the whole time. The Assembly held 91 sittings, and the Council 48. The num- ber of bills initiated in both Houses during the session was 46, of which 36 were introduced in the Lower House, and 10 in the Upper House ; 26 bills were passed into law. Of the bills initiated in the Council, four were passed, two lapsed in the Council, and four in the Assembly. Of the 36 bills introduced in the Lower House, 22 became law, five were withdrawn, five lapsed ; the Constitution Amendment Bill was laid aside after the third reading, the Life Assurance Companies Act Amendment Bill was lost in consequence of the amend- ments of the Council being insisted on, the Mining on Private Property Bill was re- jected by the Council, and the Officials in Parliament Act Amendment Bill lapsed in the Council after the first reading. The principal work of the session has been the consideration of the Local Government Bill. BILLS ASSENTED TO. The following measures have become law, having received the Royal assent on the dates undermentioned :- JUNE 23. 38 Vict., No 481. - Acting Engineer-in- chief's Act. 38 Vict., No 482. - Consolidated Revenue (Appropriation) Act (No. 1). AUGUST 11. 38 Vict., No. 483. - Railway Loan Applica- tion Act. 38 Vict., No. 484. - Consolidated Revenue Act (No. 2.) SEPTEMBER 10. 38 Vict., No. 485. - Interpretation of Acts Act Amendment Act. 38 Vict., No. 486. - Public Works Loan Application Act (1). 38 Vict., No. 487. - Public Works Loan Application Act (2). OCTOBER 6. 38 Vict., No. 488. - Consolidated Revenue Act (No. 3). OCTOBER 27. 38 Vict., No. 489. - Customs Duties Altera- tion Act. DECEMBER 8. 38 Vict., No. 490. - Bank of Victoria Act Continuation of Powers Act. 38 Vict., No. 491. - Consolidated Revenue Bill (No. 4). DECEMBER 24. 38 Vict., No. 492. - Appropriation Act. 38 Vict., No. 493. - Building Societies Act. 38 Vict., No. 494. - Expiring Law (Diseases in Stock) Continuation Act. 38 Vict., No. 495. - Neglected and Criminal Children Act. 38 Vict., No. 496. - Public Works Loan Act 1872 Amendment Act. 38 Vict., No. 497. - Public Works Loan Ap- propriation Act. 38 Vict., No. 498. - Expiring Law (Draw- backs) Continuation Act. 38 Vict., No. 499. - Expiring Law (Payment of Members) Continuation Act. 38 Vict., No. 500. - Local Governing Bodies Loan Act Amendment Act. 38 Vict., No. 501. - Compulsory Vaccination Act. 38 Vict., No. 502. - Judicature Act. 38 Vict., No. 503. - Customs Law Amend- ment Act. 38 Vict., No. 504. - Mining Statute Amend- ment Act. 38 Vict., No. 505. - Railway Loan Appro- priation Act. 38 Vict., No. 506. - Local Government Act. TRANSIT OF VENUS. This interesting astronomical phenomenon was observed on the 9th December, with anxious care by all the observing parties established in this portion of the world. On the morning of the 9th inst. the weather appeared to be very unpromising, but fortu- nately the clouds broke in time to permit several of the most important observations to be made with clearness. The state of the atmosphere was extremely favourably for observing the transit. The planet was first visible when about five eighths of its diameter was on the sun. The whole disc of Venus was seen with remarkable clearness, that portion outside the sun's limb being nearly as clearly seen as that within, and was margined by a bright thin edge of light. At the Melbourne Observatory, presided over by Mr. H. L. J. Ellery, Government astronomer, the weather was watched very anxiously from early morning and it was so threatening that almost all hope was abandoned of getting anything like a good observation of the transit. Every now and then the sun could just be seen through partly obscured rifts in the heavier masses of cloud, and this state of things con- tinued up to within a few minutes of the critical time, when, to the delight of Mr. Ellery and his party, a sudden break in the clouds occurred just sufficient to enable observations to be made at the important moment of the ingress of the planet's figure upon the disc of the sun. The internal contact at ingress, or first internal contact that is the contact of the outer edge of the planet with the edge of the sun, which was the most valuable point to be observed and noted was most successfully observed, though it was impossible to ob- serve the first or external contact, that is the point of apparent junction between the edge of Venus nearest to the sun and the edge of the sun on account of the clouds, which by a strange but happy chance cleared up only just in time for the observation of the important internal contact. The atmosphere was splendidly "steady" and favourable for the observation in consequence of the previous fall of rain, and the effect of this was that the definition of the phenomenon was very distinct ; in- deed much more so than could have been hoped for. There was no haziness or ap- pearance of a "black drop." The contact was clear and tangential, and altogether free from the expected interferences with a good observation. During the contact and the following few moments, the photohelio- graph was set to work, and numerous photographs of the ingress were obtained. They were taken rapidly at about two second intervals, and about 50 were ob- tained. The great telescope was used solely for photographing, in addition to the heliograph, but unfortunately it could not be brought into position quickly enough for photographs of the ingress to be taken by it, though it was used very effectively further on. The clouds then, as if they had just parted to allow of an observation at the critical moment, closed again over the sun, and its face remained obscured, with only occasional breaks, till between 2 and 3 o'clock. These breaks were availed of to obtain micrometric measures of the planet, which was now well on the sun's disc, and also to take photographs with the photo- heliograph and the great telescope, which were very successfully obtained. Between 2 and 3 o'clock, the weather began to clear up a little, and the observers were able to go more leisurely to work. The photographing went on well, though with several interruptions from passing clouds. The internal contact at egress, a very important point, was also observed very satisfactorily, although the at- mosphere was a little more disturbed than during the internal contact at ingress, and there was observed a faint attempt at that appearance known as the "black drop," and a slight hazy ligament. For these reasons the internal contact at egress was not quite so satisfactorily observed as that at ingress, though a very good observation was made. During the egress a satisfactory series of micrometric measurements were made of the "cusps" or apparent indentations on the edge of the sun's, disc caused by the planet when withdrawing off the face, and a rapid series of photographs was also obtained at two or three second intervals by means of the photoheliograph. Owing to the cloudiness of the sky at this time, the first external contact could not be seen, but it must have been somewhat later than the computed time, judging by the fact that the actual first internal contact was later than it was computed it would be by 3m. 13s. The first internal contact took place at 0h. 0m. 45s., or 45 seconds after noon. The tabular time was 11h. 57m. 32s. The internal contact at egress took place at 3h. 29m 5s., or 1m. 31s after the computed time, which was set down in the tables at 3h. 30m. 36s. From this it would appear that the time occupied by Venus in travelling across the sun's disc was also miscalculated, as if the time of crossing had been correctly calculated, the internal contact at egress should have been later than it was com- puted it would be to the same extent as the internal contact at ingress. This will probably be to some extent explained as a consequence of the first error, be- cause if Venus came in contact with the sun more towards the sun's limb than was expected, it would have a less space of the disc to travel over. As a matter of fact, it was observed that the "chord" traversed by Venus on the sun's surface was somewhat less than it was to have been according to the tables. The external contact at egress in the last apparent contact between the edges of the sun and the planet took place at 3h. 59m. 28s., or 34 seconds earlier than it was com- puted it would, the tabular time being 4h. 0m. 2s. Two hundred Janssen photographs were taken at the Melbourne Observatory and on development they were found to be as satis- factory as could have been expected, con- sidering the frequent interruptions from clouds, and they will probably furnish some very important data. Besides these, 37 photographs were taken with the great tele- scope and 47 with the photoheliograph. These were only taken when the sun was un- obscured. A very careful scrutiny was made during the transit for any indications of a satel- lite or moon accompanying Venus, and for evidence of Venus having an atmosphere. Some slight signs of an atmosphere were noticed on one or two occasions, but nothing definite was made out. No sign whatever of a satellite was observed. The structure of the sun was clearly visible, and if anything like a satellite of appreciable size had been projected on the disc it would have been ob- served. The fact of none having been ob- served, however, is no proof of the non- existence of a moon attending Venus, as it might have been present and unobserved under two conditions, viz., if it were directly between Venus and the sun, and thus con- cealed by Venus, or if it were outside the disc of the sun, which was quite possible, because as before stated, Venus only passed over a limited part of the sun's surface. The following reports were received from other stations of observation in the colony :- View-hill Sandhurst. - A very fine obser- vation of internal contact at egress only. No other observation possible through clouds. Glenrowan (North-Eastern District). - In the morning internal contact observed. De- finition good. Clouds passing rapidly ; wea- ther threatening ; black in the west. Thun- derstorm came up about 2 o'clock, and no more was observed afterwards. Mornington. - Ingress, internal contact, observeed through drifting clouds. First and last contact of egress observed. Beechworth. - Got observation of ingress, both contacts very satisfactory. Overcast all the afternoon. No observation taken. The observer was Dr. James Anderson, for- merly professor of mathematics at Columbia College, U.S. Stawell. - Transit of Venus observed with great distinctness during nearly the whole of the period. Dunolly. - Observations made by Captain Baker from time of first contact, with a re- fractor telescope equatorial, mounted and re- gulated by temporised sand-clock. Result first contact, 11h. 26m. 13s. ; inner con- tact, 2h. 56m. 10s. ; second inner contact, 3h. 32m. 42s. ; final contact, 4h. 7m. 10s. Sale. - First outer contact distinctly ob- served here about 11h. 37m. ; atmosphere clear ; shortly after noon light rains and cloudy weather, with thunder and lightning, which continued and obscured further vision throughout the day. From Mr. Thomas Pearce, of Royal-park, Flemington-bridge, obtained by him with an 8ft. Newtonian reflecting telescope, 9in. spectrum, with a magnifying power of 40 times :- External contact of ingress, cloudy ; internal contact of ingress, 11h. 59m. 30s. ; rupture or real contact at ingress, 0h. 0m. 45s. ; internal contact at egress, 3h. 29m. ; external contact at egress, 3h. 58m. 40s. Geelong. - The transit of Venus was suc- cessfully observed. The time taken, subject to correction, was - At ingres internal con- tact, 11h. 57m. 59s. ; and egress internal, 3h. 30m. 5s. From Sydney the following report was re- ceived from Mr. Russell, the Government astronomer :- "Very fine at Sydney, also Woodford and Goulburn, and I believe Eden (Twofold Bay). I obtained a good many photographs. No black drop. Contacts not obtainable to a fraction of a second." Mr. Russell also stated that a beautiful halo was visible around Venus (indicating the atmos- phere), before the planet was wholly on the sun. No black drop was discernible ; but the Goulburn observer saw the black drop distinctly. The Government parties have a total of 960 photos. of the ingress and egress, and 350 photos. of the planet on the sun. South Australia, Adelaide. - Mr. Todd re- ported - "Cloudy at ingress, clear five minutes after. Long series of micrometnc measures and a few photograps. Got egress splendidly. Could not get ingress ; too cloudy. Blowing a fresh gale. Tasmania, Campbelltown. - From Captain Raymond, U.S. Engineers :- "Cloudy weather in the morning, but about 10 minutes to 1 p.m. weather clearing. Sun just visible. Heavy storm here this morning. Clouds all day. We have got a good many good photo- graphs, a few micrometic measures, and one observed contact." Hobart Town. - From Professor Harkness, of Washington Observatory :- "Cloudy at beginning of transit. Then rained till half- past 2 p.m. Broke away a little at a quarter to 3, and we began to take pictures. Got 39 photos of Venus on sun, and 74 Janssen's photographs of egress. Contacts all lost. The German observation party in Tasmania will be able to contribute their quota of in- formation. At Port Darwin, the cloudy weather pre- vented observations being taken of the first contact, but the transit was visible occa- sionally afterwards. Brisbane. - Captain O'Reilly reported of the transit that the day was favourable, but no black drop was seen. The dark edge of Venus was illuminated five minutes before the internal contact. A thin greenish stream of light was between her and the sun, the edge gradually becoming brighter until a complete circle appeared on the sun. Mean- time the external contact was not observed. The internal contact occurred at 30m. 21s. past noon ; the middle contact 2h. 14m. 58s. ; internal contact egress 2m. 40s. past 4. New Zealand. - The observations through- out New Zealand were a comparative failure, owing to the very general prevalence of cloudy weather. The only places, strangely enough, where any chance of observing was noticed were those which were without pro- perly prepared and qualified observers, and in such parts as amateur observers succeeded in taking observations their scientific value is very little if of any use at all, owing to the erratic time of their chronometer watches. At Nelson, Captain Sharp was fortunate enough to get a successful observation of the egress. The most successful ob- servations were those taken by Professor Peters (American) at Queenstown which, amongst persons acquainted with the me- teorology of New Zealand, was known to be the station holding out the greatest promise for a good observation. The telegram from Professor Peters reports that the final in- ternal egress contact observations were lost by 10 seconds. Thirty-three telescopic and 193 photographic observations were taken. On review, all were found capable of con- nexion. At Auckland, Messrs. Pond and Martin succeeded in getting a view of the fust contact, which was noticed at 1h. 50m. 37s. Greenwich time, subject to corrections. The formation of the black drop was noticed at 1h. 58m. At 2h. 17m. 10s. another glimpse of the sun was caught and the planet was fully on. Subsequently the sky became so overcast that further observation was impossible, and nothing of the final phase was therefore seen. The German party of observation at the Auckland Islands, about whose safety fears were for a time entertained, and in search of whom the American steamer Swatara has gone, have been heard of. The following tele- gram from the Bluff, New Zealand, dated De- cember 17, appears in the West Coast papers of December 19 :- "Arrived. - Alexandrina, barque, from Auckland Islands, in connexion with the German Transit of Venus expe- dition party. Captain Beck, one of the scientific party, who arrived with the vessel, reports that they did not observe the sun till 10 minutes after the ingress had taken place, then it was beautifully fine throughout.. They succeeded in taking 150 photographs. The vessel merely called at the Bluff for the purpose of comparing chronomoters with the American party, after which she again proceeds to the islands, and remains there for two months, taking further observa- tions." A proposition has been made by the Ameri- can expedition that all the observing parties at stations in or near Australia should meet together in Melbourne about February next, for the purpose of comparing observations and conferring together. The suggestion has been favourably received, and will pro- bably be given effect to. It is doubtful, how- ever, whether the French expedition will be able to remain until that time as their object is to return as quickly a possible to France immediately upon the conclusion of their observations. Mr. Ellery, in a paper read before the Royal Society, contributed the following observa- tions with reference to the physical appear- ances presented during the transit. The late Professor Wilson, he said, observing at Mornington with the beautiful 4½in. Simm's equatorial, remarked :- "About five minutes before actual contact there was an appearance I do not recollect having seen described. The dark body of Venus was continued and completed outside the edge of the sun, marked out by a narrow luminous arc. There was no doubt about this appearance. I quite satisfied myself that it was not a mere mental continuation of the circle." At Glenrowan, Mr. Gilbert, observing with a 4½in. reflector by Cooke, noted about 2¼ minutes before estimated internal contact :- "The limb of Venus visible outside sun's edge, and appeared luminous, the margin being quite distinct where the luminosity was densest." Mr. Marcus Harrison, at the Observatory, with a 2¾in. refractor, remarked :- "I several times fan- cied that the disc of Venus appeared darker than the surrounding glare of the sky, and seemed to trace the dark outline even where the light streak was not visible." Mr. Anketell M. Henderson, observing with a Browning 8½in. Newtonian, noted regarding this phase : \- "It cleared about 11.40, and I got my first observation. Definition perfect ; not the slightest tremor. At 11.53 or thereabouts I was surprised by seeing the surface of Venus outside the sun, distinctly visible on a faint phosphorescent-looking background ; it re- mained visible for about 45 seconds, when clouds interfered." Mr. C. Todd, of Ade- laide, observing with an 8in. refractor by Cooke and Son, remarked :- "For some time after internal contact at egress the por- tion of the planet which had moved off the sun was distinctly visible, appearing as though seen through a nebulous and luminous haze of a purplish hue, extending beyond and around the edge of the planet, and inclining to violet towards the sun." He had received no other notes of the visibility of the disc of Venus outside the sun's disc at egress, and he had been unable to get any trace of it him- self, although the sky was clear, and he looked for it. At Glenrowan the transit was seen earlier than at Melbourne, and when the planet was about two-thirds on the sun Mr. Gilbert remarked, "N.W. limb slightly luminous." He then came to the appearance presented at internal contact, of which he noted as follows :- "This phase was remark- able well seen, and was almost tangential and free from any haze, ligament, or other disturbance. The sky remained clear in the neighbourhood of the sun till after internal contact was well over. About half-past 2, before contact, limb of sun appeared to bulge out so as to embrace Venus, the outwardly bent cusps continuing around Venus like a thread of silver. Occa- sionally a slight flicker between the limb of Venus and sun visible, then a hazy junction like thin smoke appeared, and finally a very faint smoky thread appeared to join the thin edges. This suddenly disappeared at 0h. lm. 9.4s., Melbourne time." Mr. White's obser- vations gave almost similar results. At Mornington, the late Professor Wilson noted a "fluffy connexion," which is undoubtedly the same phase I noted, viz., "smoky con- nexion." At the final junction the sun's edge was very tremulous, but the sky was quite clear. Professor Wilson stated of this phase that "the sun's edge was boiling. Venus did not look round, but as you might imagine a spherical balloon not quite blown up ; the edge looked crumpled. A small dark object was seen flickering backwards and forwards between Venus and the edge of the sun. This increased, and there was no other phase to which I could attach a definite time." At Sand- hurst, Mr Moerlin, observing with a 6½in. refractor, remarked :- "As the planet moved gradually near the sun's limb at exit, the sun's limb and planet appeared sharp and well defined and the streak of light between the two was distinct and unmistakable. As it came nearer and nearer the same appear- ance was witnessed without any change whatever. The streak of light became smaller, and all at once a sort of triangular- shaped connexion between the two took place, on appearance which I have seen with the artificial transit, out to a more limited extent, the base of the triangle on the sun's limb, the apex on the planet. The time when this phenomenon first appeared was 3h. 26min. 54.3sec. The planet every once in a while jumped off the apex of the triangle, and the rim of the sun's disc could be dis- tinctly seen between the two, the distance, however, between the triangle and the planet when jumping growing less. The jumping or separating of the apex of the triangle and the planet ceased a few seconds before what I considered tangential contact." Mr. Todd says, respecting this phase, that "it was quite clear at egress, which «as well observed ; no black drop, but the continuity of the sun's disc was first broken by an exceedingly-fine black line. The planet was seen to be slightly disturbed, the outline of the ball being apparently drawn out into a thin band." With respect to an atmosphere surrounding Venus, and the presence of a satellite, some of the observers had noticed towards the centre of Venus a light which condensed almost to a bright spot, and the Rev. Mr. Clarke, of Williamstown, observed a brownish orango halo surrounding Venus, and some others had observed a coloured light, though the difference of the tint was no doubt due to the eye-pieces used. He himself observed a blue light surrounding the planet, and made a careful scrutiny of it. He also called Mr. White and several others to observe, and they all saw it. He also noticed the granulated - or, as it was called, willow- leaved-appearance of the sun which was very distinct, but approaching the planet presented a blurred appearance. With re- spect to the bright spot noticed in the centre of Venus, the same phenomenon was ob- served in the centre of Mercury during the transit of that planet. EDUCATION. The question of the salaries of state-school teachers under the new Education Act has been brought prominently before the Legis- lative Assembly during the month. Many of the teachers, principally those of the medium and lower classes, complain that the opera- tion of the new act has proved materially detrimental to them in a pecuniary point of view, instead of improving their position, or at least leaving them as they were under the former system. These teachers found an ex- ponent of their grievances in Mr. Higin- botham, who on December 8, moved the following resolutions :- "That the House should resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to con- sider the following resolutions :- (1.) That it was a part of the design of the Legis- lature in enacting the Education Act that the status of all teachers engaged in free primary education should be improved by their admission as officers of the state into the public service ; that all the salaries, except the highest of the teachers employed in com- mon schools, and admitted into the public service, should be maintained under the new system without reduction ; and that provision should be made for securing to the teachers in atate schools the benefit of retiring allow- ances in like manner and to the same extent, as might from time to time be made in favour of public servants in the other departments of the state. (2.) That it is expedient and proper, in the opinion of this House, that such design should be carried into effect without delay, and that pending the adoption of means by supplemental legislation and by an applied code of approved regulations for giving complete and permanent effect to the intention of Parliament, temporary provision should be fully made for the above pur- poses as from the 1st day of January, 1874. (3.) That singing and drawing ought to be taught as free subjects in all state schools in the centres of population. (4.) That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, requesting that he will cause a sum of money to be placed on an additional estimate for 1874-5, for the purpose of carry- ing out the above objects." The hon. member maintained that the Legislature in enacting the Education Act had designed that the status of teachers should be raised, and that they should not suffer in a pecuniary point of view. He pro- ceeded to show, however that the effect of the new system, as administered by the Education department, had been that the majority of teachers had undergone a reduc- tion of salary, and that the average salary of teachers was now actually beneath that re- ceived by the lowest class of officers in the civil service. In view of the importance of their duties. He contended that the teachers were entitled to receive more just and liberal treatment. He also urged the de- sirability of singing and drawing being in- cluded amongst the list of free subjects. Mr. Mackay replied at considerable length, com- bating the view that the teachers were suffering peculiar hardships. He stated that the present system of payment was baaed on a just and equitable principle, and that teachers were now paid according to their capabilities. Any individual cases of hard- ship the Government were quite prepared to meet. He also pointed out that teachers in Victoria were paid much higher salaries than those in England or other parts of the United Kingdom. He estimated that the Government were willing to accept the views of the House with regard to singing and drawing being made free subjects. After a somewhat protracted debate, in which the feeling of the House was evidently with the teachers, the motion for going into committee on the resolutions was agreed to, and the resolutions were passed, the first being amended as follows, on the suggestion of the Minister of Education :- "That it was a part of the design of the Legislature in enacting the Education Act that the status of all teachers engaged in free primary education should be improved by their admission as officers of the state into the public service ; that all the salaries except the highest of the teachers employed in common schools admitted into the public service should be maintained at the same average under the new system." On a later occasion, Mr. Mackay in reply to a ques- tion estimated that the amount neces- sary to give effect to the above reso- lutions would be close upon £30,000. The most moderate estimate he believed was £20,000. As far as he was concerned, he intended fairly and honourably to carry out the resolutions, and he would accept the average of salaries paid under the old board as the average to be paid under the new arrange- ment, taking, of course, into account the various fluctuations to which they were sub- ject under the old system. Mr. Higinbotham is determined to see that the matter is not allowed to drop, as he has given notice of asking early next session, what machinery the Government have adopted to carry out the resolutions. DEATH OF PROFESSOR WILSON. The cause of science in the colony has suffered an irreparable loss in the death of Professor W. P. Wilson, whose decease took place suddenly at Schnapper Point on the 11th inst. He had been in indifferent health for the last two years, but no serious appre- hensions were entertained by his friends. On the morning of his death (Friday), he rose at 5 o'clock to examine a number of matriculation papers. About breakfast time a little peculiarity in his speech and some confusion of intellect were noticed. He went out of the house, and on returning in a short time lay down on the bed. Then ster- torous breathing commenced and he died about a quarter to 4 o'clock in the afternoon, two hours before the arrival of his medical attendant, Mr. Rudall, who had been tele- graphed for from Melbourne. The cause of death was apoplectic seizure. Though there had been some premonitory symptoms of the attack, it came almost without any real warning, and, indeed, found the professor in the midst of work. He took a deep interest in the observation of the transit of Venus, and having undertaken the charge of an ob- servatory at Wolfdean, Mornington, he ex- hibited the utmost anxiety to accomplish successful results. On Wednesday evening he wrote from his station to Mr. Ellery, the Government astronomer, that he was very much knocked up ; but a letter written to the same friend on Thursday evening, the day before his death, contained a clear account of a very valuable series of observa- tions of the transit of Venus, and made no allusion to ill-health. At the time of his death Professor Wilson was about 48 years of age. He came out to this colony on the establishment of the Melbourne University as professor of mathematics, a position which he retained from his arrival, in June, 1855, until his decease. He had previously held ti e position of professor of mathematics at the Queen's University, Belfast, at which seat of learning he delivered the first lecture. He used sometimes to remark that it was not every one who could say he had delivered the first lecture in two different universities. As a student at Cambridge he won great dis- tinction, achieving the position of senior wrangler in 1847. He was the author of several philosophical works, including one on dynamics, and another on the motions of the particle. In addition to his mathe- matical and philosophical knowledge, Pro- fessor Wilson had an extensive acquaintance with architecture and the fine arts generally. During the first half of the period of his re- sidence in Melbourne he took a lively inte- rest in many public movements ; but latterly the increasingly laborious nature of his duties at the University greatly circumscribed his exertions outside his professional sphere. He was to the last a zealous and effective member of the board of visitors to the Mel- bourne Observatory, and one of the most active members of the Royal Society, of which he was vice-president at the time of his death. His lectures in connexion with the establishment of the Technological Museum were distinguished amongst the series by the marked ability they displayed. Professor Wilson was one of the leading spirits in the Australian Eclipse Expedition of 1871, and had charge of the small equa- torial telescope. Professor Wilson was un- married. His nearest relatives in the colony were two nephews, who were being educated under his care. The council of the University has adopted the course of entrusting the appointment of a mathematical professor to succeed Pro- fessor Wilson to Professor Adams, of Cam- bridge, the celebrated astronomer. No limi- tations are attached to the appointment, and Mr. Adams will be left to the unfettered exercise of his judgment in selecting the best man Mr. Adams was a very old friend of the late Professor Wilson, and was in fre- quent correspondence with him, and is there- fore likely to be fully acquainted with the duties of the vacant post. INJECTION OF AMMONIA FOR SNAKE- BITE AND CHOLERA. The following remarkable case of cure of snake-bite by Dr. Halford's remedy - the in- travenous injection of ammonia - reported by the Warrnambool Standard, is the one referred to in the leading article on the sub- ject published in this issue :- "A severe case of snake-bite occurred at Allansford on Sunday, December 6, to a young woman named Mary Ann Dowling, aged 22 years, a servant in the employ of Mr. E. Griffin, of the Junction Hotel. It appears that at about half past 12 she went out to the wood-heap to get some fuel to replenish the fire. She had gathered a few pieces and was sitting on a low log with it in her arms, watching the chil- dren playing. Suddenly she felt a sharp twinge of pain in the calf of her left leg, and jumping sharply up, at the same time giving her clothing a shake, a large snake fell from her clothes, and disap- peared in the wood-heap. She went into the house and told Mr. Griffin that she had been bitten, but he at first could not realise the fact. In the course of two or three minutes, however, the girl began to vomit, and get drowsy. Mr. Griffin then lost no time a getting a vehicle ready, and in less than an hour he reached Warrnam- bool, much difficulty being experienced in keeping the girl awake on the journey. When brought to Dr. Bradford's residence she was in a comatose state. The doctor gave her several doses of ammonia and brandy, but the tendency to sleep continued despite these remedies, and it was deter- mined to inject ammonia on Professor Halford's principle. At the young woman's request, Father Meade was sent for, and also Mr. Hugh Murray, the solicitor, as she wished to make some provision for the dis- posal of her money, but on their arrival she could not be got to speak or make any sign. Dr. Bradford then opened a vein in the left arm and injected liquid ammonia, the effect being watched with intense interest by those present. Almost immediately favourable symptoms appeared and in a few minutes, from a death-like stupor, the patient returned to perfect consciousness, and spoke to those around her. Her recovery was very rapid, but she complained of violent headache. Doses of ammonia were continued through- out the day, and at about 7 in the evening she had recovered sufficiently to be removed to Tattersall's Hotel. The inclination to sleep still remained, but the patient was kept awake until about 11 o clock, when she retired, being wakened every four hours to take her medicine. Yesterday morning she still complained of violent headache and lassitude, with numbness in her left hand and leg. She has now quite recovered." The following case, in which the injection of ammonia was successfully used in re- storing a cholera patient when almost at the point of death, is reported by Dr. J. B. Clutterbuck, of Adelaide, in the last number of the Australian Medical Journal :- "The treatment of the collapsed stage of English cholera has always been one sur- rounded by uncertainty as respects the sequel of such cases. The following is an outline of one of the most unpromising and certainly one of the most severe forms of the disease I ever witnessed, which terminated favourably, a result ascribable, probably, to the somewhat novel practice adopted. "David Forbes, an attenuated married man, aged 33, an emigrant on board the St. Vincent from London to Adelaide, August, 1874, of which vessel I was surgeon superintendent, presented the following symptoms. Prior, however, to my visit, it transpired he had been found lying on the upper deck fully four hours, a heavy dew falling. At 2 a.m. I saw him. He had incessant vomiting, rice- coloured watery dejections, no pulsation at the wrist, perfectly cold tongue, in- distinct articulation (indeed the voice scarcely audible), icy coldness of the whole body, violent spasmodic action of the abdominal and voluntary muscles, and lastly that peculiarly characteristic feature which we term facies hippocratica. The combination of these symptoms will be at once recognised, as proving the serious nature of the affection, differing only from the Asiatic type in the absence of that peculiar lividity, sometimes blueness, of the skin, so characteristic of the latter malady. Recovery I had deemed hopeless, an opinion coincided in by our commander, Captain Walter Bissot, who had seen similar cases amongst European crews in various parts of the globe, three having within 24 hours died during one voyage. " During four consecutive hours I adminis- tered, at short intervals, the usual routine stimulants - brandy in pretty large doses, carbonate of ammonia, æther, strong beef tea, mustard poultices to the abdomen, et id genus omne, but without inducing reaction of any kind. Suddenly the idea occurred of injecting ammonia into the circulatory system. If it failed to do good, it could do no harm, in extremis ; but, before stating the result of such a procedure, I should fail in professional duty were I not to acknowledge that to Dr. Hal- ford was I indebted for the treatment pur- sued in the present case - the theory and practice inculcated by him in the treatment of snake- bite poisoning. Into a vein at the bend of the fore-arm, 10 drops of the liq. ammon. fort., with an equal proportion of water, were injected. After the lapse of five minutes, the capillary vessels were visibly influenced, slight perspiration breaking out on the face and forehead, the patient feebly saying his ' head felt hot,' but no other apparent or appreciable effect followed ; no pulse could be felt, coldness of the tongue and of the body generally, and frequent vomiting, co-existing. There was encourage- ment, nevertheless, to repeat the experiment ; hence, 15 drops of the ammonia with 10 of water were again injected. Within three minutes the man heaved a deep sigh, uttered a word or two in a louder tone of voice, and on applying my finger to the wrist, the pulse was found beating feebly, yet intermittently. Within three minutes afterwards there was more freedom of volume, greater regularity in its beats ; the tongue, too, had become warm, the extremities slightly so, the voice stronger, the features assuming a more natural aspect. Brandy, wine, &c.;, were given occasionally, but were invariably re- jectcd by vomiting. There was no evacua- tion from the bowels. Subsequently, a general, although gradual improvement suc- ceeded, and on the third day from the com- mencement of his illness, he was compara- tively well, complaining only of headache and a feeling of prostration of strength. The irresistible conclusion must, I think, be drawn from the description given of the above case, that the patient was literally 'rescued from the jaws of death' by the admixture of a most powerful stimulant into the blood itself, which, by rousing the mus- cular action of the heart at a moment when its power to act had almost ceased, wrought a beneficial change in the other deranged organs and tissues. I am aware, however, many hold the opinion that in such cases a morbid condition of the blood, blood-poison, as is the phrase, is the proximate cause of such disease, and that the am- monia may have simply counteracted, or in some manner neutralised, the morbific matter. Such a doctrine has of late become a very fashionable one, and has accordingly, been a sort of hobby, and applied to desig- nate a host of diseases totally dissimilar in character. The soundness of such teaching is not rendered very clear, hypothesis being substituted too frequently for fact. Micro- scopically no poisonous matter has been de- tected in the general mass of blood in cholera Anglicana. Post-mortem examinations have not, so far as I am aware, disclosed any trace of virus in these cases ; nor has an appeal to symptoms during life helped to confirm such views. Much that is supposedly true in physic often turns out, or is, mere conjec- ture. But I am digressing somewhat from the practical lesson furnished by my emi- grant's case. Should the Asiatic cholera unhappily re-appear, I think the ammoniacal injection may merit a trial." GOLD AND THE GOLDFIELDS. The gold mining industry has not yet re- covered from the state of dullness which has characterised it for some months past, and the hopes entertained when the last mail left, that several encouraging incidents of a further development of mining which had been chronicled during the previous month, would lead to others of a more important nature, and so to a general improvement, have not, so far, been realised. With the exception of the accounts from Sandhurst, where quartz-mining and prospecting is very actively pursued, the reports state generally that there is little or no improvement to re- cord in the various districts. Many of the yields from the Sandhurst quartz mines, how- ever, continue very good, and it is expected when the year's gold statistics of that dis- trict are made up that the result will be most favourable, not only as regards the quantity of gold, but as showing that the metal has been obtained from numerous claims, and that there has been such an expansion of dividend-paying quartz as must ensure a be- lief in the permanent prosperity of the dis- trict. Quart-mining is also being largely extended in other parts of the colony, espe- cially at Pleasant Creek, and in Ballarat East and the various divisions of the Bal- larat mining district. The fact that by far the larger portion of our gold is now ob- tained from quartz instead of, as formerly, from alluvium, should be regarded as a proof that the mining carried on must be of a more profitable nature than when the in- dustry was confined almost solely to alluvial mining, excepting perhaps in the few first years of gold digging in this colony, when extraordinarily rich runs of washdirt were frequently found. In the report of the Government Mining department for the quarter ending 30th September, 1874, the yield of gold for the quarter was estimated at 278,750oz. 8dwt., of which it was computed 108,505oz. 6dwt. was from alluvium and 170,245oz. 2dwt. from quartz ; and yet in the same report it was estimated that there were 31,083 alluvial miners and only 15,150 quartz miners. The figures given in the report are furnished by the mining surveyors, and though only approximate, may be taken as nearly correct. There will now soon be an opportunity of comparing the general results of mining for the current year against those of previous years, by computing the amount of gold exported and minted, together with the quantities held by the banks, who are now almost the sole gold buyers, at the com- mencement and close of the year. At the present time mining is all but at a standstill, in consequence of the holidays, which with the working miners generally commence before Christmas and extend over the follow- ing New Year's Day. The statistics of the Mining department for the quarter ended 30tl September 1874, already referred to estimate the number of miners at work in the colony at 46,239, of whom 18,513 Europeans and 12,570 Chinese were engaged in alluvial mining, and 15,042 Europeans and 114 Chinese in quartz mining. The colony is divided into seven large mining districts or divisions, and the miners were distributed over them in the following proportions :- Ballarat, 10,419 ; Beechworth, 6,661 ; Sandhurst, 7,208 ; Malborough, 8,726 ; Castlemaine, 7,142 ; Ararat, 3,487 ; Gipps Land, 2,596. The approximate value of all the mining plant in the colony was £2,101,788, of which Ballarat had 429,018 worth ; Beechworth, £260,498 ; Sandhurst, £506,460 ; Maryborough, £310,459 ; Castlemaine, £290,930 ; Ararat, £162,386 ; and Gipps Land, £142,037. The number of square miles of auriferous ground actually worked upon was 1,063, divided as follows :- Ballarat, 152 ; Beechworth, 280¾ ; Sandhurst, 141 ; Maryborough, 82¾ ; Castlemaine, 165¼ ; Ararat, 83¼ ; Gipps Land, 158. There were 3,398 distinct quartz reefs proved to be auriferous, Ballarat having 205 ; Beech- worth, 908 ; Sandhurst, 757 ; Maryborough, 570 ; Castlemaine, 397 ; Ararat, 77 ; and Gipps Land, 484. There were five quartz claims in the colony which had shafts sunk below 1,000ft., namely the Magdala, New- ington and Pleasant Creek, the South Scotch- man's, at Stawell, and the Port Phillip, and New North Clunes, at Clunes. The Minister of Mines had received a a large number of applications for the vote of £10,000 which the Legislative As- sembly recently granted for prospecting, and all sorts of companies and private individuals claim a share of the vote. The Minister however, has not yet propounded any plan on which he will distribute the vote, but it may be taken for granted that the majority of the applicants who have already presented their claims to him will not benefit by the action of the Legislature in granting the money. The question of whether quartz reefs would be found payable beyond certain depths in this colony has been the subject of much discussion, and it is not at all impro- bable that some portion of the grant will be lent to companies who are now doing what may be called public work in testing deep ground for payable quartz reefs, the money to be repaid in case the operations of the companies are successful. There can be no doubt that the discovery of deeper payable quartz ground is of much more importance than the finding of a new run of alluvial washdirt, and while a portion of the vote will certainly be devoted to prospecting for new auriferous country, similar encouragement should be given to the prospectors for now deep quartz reefs. Many instances have lately been made public in which working miners employed by the shareholders of large claims have been suspected of stealing gold which was found in their possession and two miners were re- cently sent for trial at the Ballarat General Sessions for stealing gold from the mines in which they were employed. One of them was acquitted by the jury, and in the case of the other the jury disagreed. Those facts, coupled with the evidence adduced in court, have produced a very uneasy feeling in the minds of all mining men - speculators or in- vestors. Whether the men accused stole any gold or not does not matter much. The arguments of counsel who defended them, and the dicta of the judge who presided, have gone far to show the extreme difficulty of proving the robbery of a mine of its gold, un- less that which has been stolen had been previously seen by some persons and could be identified as the property of the prosecu- tors. Then there is the difficulty of proving the gold to be the property of those who pro- secuted the supposed thieves, which is ren- dered still more difficult if the thieves be members of a tribute party - especially if the evidence against them be the oaths of their mates, who have participated in or winked at the peculation ; for when the co-partners of one of the men tried admitted that they had stolen gold and divided the price of it, they admitted, according to the judge's remarks, that they were men whom the jury should not believe upon oath. Altogether, the law as regards stealing gold appears to be in a most unsatisfactory state, as it offers greater barriers to the conviction and punishment of gold robbers than it provides bulwarks for the protection of those to whom the gold really belongs. The New North Park Company, Ballarat, made a rather singular discovery a few weeks ago, which may possibly prove of considerable value, as a similar article at home is said to be worth, if first-rate, 40s. per pound. In the 325ft. level they struck a vein of plum- bago, very pure, 5in. thick at the top of the drive to 18in. at the bottom, which is pro- nounced to be very good. Mining within a dwelling is mining on private property with a vengeance, but mining has assumed this phase in Ballarat East. A party of alluvial miners satisfied that there was a rich deposit of washdirt under some property just off the Main-road bought it for a small sum, and to escape the observation of the police they set to work in one of the rooms, the building having only a ground floor, and have obtained 86oz. of gold from that shaft. Finding the washdirt con- tinued under the adjoining property - a two- storey brick building, in a very dilapidated and dangerous condition from mining already - they purchased it also, and have com- menced another shaft in one of the rooms on the ground floor ; but the police, dis- covering what they were about, have given them notice either to pull down or to shore up the walls of the building within three days, as it is in danger of falling on passers-by. With that strange disregard of personal safety which so frequently characterises our miners, a second party has commenced to sink another shaft just outside the tottering walls. There is every probability of the gold to be gained exceeding immeasurably the value of the premises to be destroyed by getting it. A discovery of rich quartz on the Upper Yarra, at Reefton, about 64 miles from Mel- bourne, has been reported, and some of the specimens, which are very rich, were exhi- bited in Melbourne on the 28th inst. From a trial crushing of one and a halt tons stone, a yield of 28oz. 18dwt. 18gr. of smelted gold was obtained. Besides the prospectors' claim, the ground on the line has been taken up for over a mile and a half. The country is difficult, and the reefers are anxious that a track should be opened up from Warburton, as at present they get their supplies with great difficulty and expense. AGRICULTURE. The grain harvest in the earlier districts of Victoria is at an end, and a good deal of the wheat has gone forward chiefly to local millers, the supply of new grain to the metro- polis having been on rather a limited scale. In the mid-season districts also harvest is drawing to an end, and a beginning is being made in the latest and coolest localities. As in previous years, some of the estimates of yield, based on an examination of the stand- ing crops, have not been borne out by the results of threshing, but upon the whole the yield so far has been fairly satisfactory, there being none of those total failures which served last year to reduce the general average. New barley has come to market, and the quality upon the whole is good ; but the aggregate will, as usual, be much less than we shall need. The oat crop has varied greatly ; a few good yields are reported, but more bad ones, the cold wet spring having weakened the plant and allowed weeds to get ahead. In the cooler districts peas are more generally grown ; their value as a rotation crop is better understood. Both wheat and oats are found to grow and yield better after peas than after a bare fallow. It is believed that a large quantity of hay has been saved. In certain districts which were threatened by locusts the wheats were saved by cutting them for hay. The damage done by locusts in Victoria has not been great ; their prin- cipal ravages have been upon the pastures in comparatively limited areas ; and, as the latest crops will shortly be secured, they are not likely to affect the yield of grain. Moist weather having prevailed, potatoes have grown vigorously, but the quality of the early crop is for from satisfactory. Up to the present time the oidium has been easily kept in check by the ordinary sulphuring. The vines are otherwise healthy, black spot being less prevalent than of late years ; the crop, barring accidents, will be a heavy one. Hop cultivation is gradually extending in Victoria. The bine is rather backward, owing to the cold, wet spring, but it is looking healthy, and there is a fair promise of an average crop. Owing to the occurrence of hot winds early in September, many of the sets planted in new grounds failed to grow, and thus the increase in the aggregate production of hops will be some- what retarded. THE LABOUR MARKET. As usual at the end of the year, the labour market is in a very unsettled state. As most tradespeople are in a position to afford a holiday, they take it, and work of all kinds is necessanly neglected. There is at present no word of a strike in any branch of trade. For tradesmen work is moderately brisk, but the employers complain bitterly of the slack- ness of business, and in many trades this will react on the workmen, as in many esta- blishments the demand is not equal to the supply, and now the trade with the neigh- bouring colonies is lost, there is no help but to stop manufacturing. This is particularly noticeable in the clothing manufactories. In several trades it is likely there will be an alteration for the worse in a month or two in the rates paid, or a large number of hands will be out of employment. House servants are not to be had at all at present. Men are wanted for harvesting, but the rates have not gone so high as was at one time expected. Of clerks, and men for light easy situations, there are plenty ; the wages paid are very low, and situations difficult to obtain. The following are the rates of wages paid :- Domestic Servants. - For Town - House- maids, £30 to £36 per annum : female cooks receive from £40 to £60 per annum ; male do., 30s. to 80s. per week : nursemaids, £30 to £35 per annum ; laundresses, £30 to £40 per annum. For Hotels - Cooks, male and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids £35 to £40 per do. For Stations - First-class married couples for home stations, £70 to £90 per annum ; second- class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do. ; cooks £45 to £55 per do. ; housemaids, £35 to £40 per do. For Farms - Men cooks, £50 per annum ; married couples, £60 to £70 per do. ; women servants, £30 to £35 per do, ; farming men, 20s. per week ; milkmen, 18s. to 20s. per do. ; ploughmen, 20s. to 25s. per do. Waiters for hotels, 25s. to 35s. per week ; grocers' assistants, 15s. to 30s. do. ; general store do 20s to 40s do drapers assistants, 30s. to 40s. do ; nursery governesses, £30 to £40 per annum ; finishing do., £60 to £80 do. Station Hands. - Stockmen receive from £60 to £75 per annum ; shepherds, 15s. to 20s. per week ; ordinary working men, 20s. per do , droicis 2os to 40s per do. ; gardeners 5s. to 20s. per do. The following wages for skilled labourers and other tradesmen are without rations, unless where specially mentioned :- Building Trades. - Stonemasons, 11s. per day , plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, 10s. per do. ; carpenters, 10s. per do. ; labourers, 7s. per do. ; pick-and-shovel men, 6s. per do. The day's work is eight hours. Bootmakers. - Machinists are scarce, but the other branches of the trade are well supplied. For rivetting, children's boots the rate is 6d. per pair ; boys' 10d. ; women's, 1s. ; and men's, 1s. 3d. The same rates are paid for finishing. In some of the best order shops the rates paid are :- Wellingtons 10s. ; elastics, 7s. 6d, ; closing, S8s. Good hands for ladies' boots are scarce. Bakers. - First-class workmen (fore men) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. Butchers. - Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys, 15s. to 20s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week, small-goods men (pork butchers) re- ceive 30s. to 40s. per week, with rations ; superior men receive more. Brassfinishers and Coppersmiths. - In the engine fitting shops there is a fair supply of workmen ; the wages are from 11s. to 12s. per day. The same rates are paid in the fine brassfinishing shops, but the supply of work- men is very limited, and good tradesmen are much wanted. Cabinetmakers. - The earnings of the men employed in this trade are very variable. In some of the best shops in Melbourne the wages paid are as high as £4 per week, while in inferior establishments, the men receive from £2 to £3 per week. In the country the wages paid are still less. Coopers. - Most of the work in this trade ís done by the piece ; the wages fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Tallow casks are made at 5s. 6d. for thirds and 4s. 6d. for fourths, which latter are now most made. Coachbuilders. - Smiths receive from £210s. to £3 10s. per week. A few hands earn as high as £4 per week. Bodymakers - Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good hands are from £2 10s. to as high as £4 per week. Wheelers - Most of this work is done by the piece ; the wages made are from £2 10s. to £3 10s. per week. Painters receive from 9s. to 12s. per day. Trimmers earn from £3 to £3 10s. per week, in 1 wee men from £2 to £2 10s per week. Clothing Factories. - Where the work is done on the premises, the wages earned are as follow :- Tailoresses, from £1 to £1 15s. per week ; pressers £2 to £2 15s. and upwards. From 12s to £1 is earned at shirtmaking in factory hours, but the greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 6. Farriers. - First-class firemen got £2 15s. per week ; door-men receive £2 5s. per do. ; inferior workmen receive from £1 10s. to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s. to 30s. per week with their board and lodging. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40s. per week ; coachmen receive from 40s. to 50s. per do. Gardeners. - The best men for situations near town get from 36s. to 42s. per week without rations ; for situations in the country, 20s. to 25s. per week with rations ; inferior hands receive about 15s. per week, with ra- tions. Hatters. - Bodymakers receive 20s. per dozen ; finishers, 24s. per dozen ; shapers, 6s. to 12s. per dozen ; crown sewers, 5s. per dozen ; trimmers, 8s. per dozen. Ironworkers. - Boilermakers, smiths, fit- ters, and turners, 10s. to 12s. per day ; labourers from 6s. to 7s. per do. Jewellers. - In the manufacturing jewellers' establishments the workmen receive from £2 15s. to £3 15s. For the finer work the wages range from £5 to £6 per week. Good tradesmen can get full employment. Good seal engravers are scarce, and can earn as high as £6 to £8 per week. First-class jewellers' enamellers are much wanted. The work is highly paid and not well done. Enamellers can make the same wages. Hair workers and jewel-case makers are also much wanted. There is not an opening for a large number of men in these trades, but the sup- ply of good tradesmen is short. Manufacturing Stationers. - Vellum and book binders receive 60s. per week. Rulers are paid at the same rate. Lithographic printers are paid at the rate of 50s. per week. Machine printers receive 70s. per do. Ma- chine and letterpress printers receive from 60s. to 70s. per week. Miners. - The average rate for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hour shifts ; breaksmen get a slightly higher rate of wages. In Bendigo district, quartz- miners in deep sinking, for pit work, get £2 10s. ; ordinary quartz-miners get £2 5s. per week ; engineers receive £3 to £3 10s. In Bendigo, most of the work is done on tribute. In Alexandra, Maryborough, and Dayles- ford, miners receive £2 10s. per week. Most of the work in Gipps Land is done by con- tract ; where wages are paid, the men receive from £2 10s. to £3. Navvies. - The rate paid the men em- ployed on the Government Railways is 9d. per hour. Painters and Glaziers. - Fair tradesmen re- ceive 9s. per day. This trade is fully sup- plied. Plumbers and gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Printers &c.; \- The rate paid in this trade is 1s. per 1,000. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers are paid £2 10s. to £3 15s. per week ; binders, £2 to £3 per week ; paper rulers, £3 to £3 10s. per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully supplied. Stevedores' Men, &c.; \- Lumpers' wages are 12s. per day at present. There is a good deal of business doing. Engineers in tug- boats and donkey-engine drivers receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters. - The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Work irregular. Sailors receive £5 per month in sailing vessels, and £6 per month in steamships. Saddlers. - The supply of really good trades- men is short, but second-class workmen are plentiful enough. The earnings are about £2 10s. per week. The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s. to 30s. per week. The work in this trade is nine hours per day. Tanners and Curriers. - Beamsmen receive 40s. to 50s. per week ; shedsmen, 42s. to 45s. per do. ; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do. - time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Tailors. - In first-class establishments the rate paid is 1s. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £210s. to £3 per week. In factories the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths. - This trade is very brisk at present, and the meat preserving companies being at work again, workmen are in good demand. Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per week ; ironworkers £2 10s. to £3 per week ; galvanisers can earn £3 per week. Most of the work m this trade ia done by the piece. Watchmakers. - The general rate of wages in this trade is £4 per week, though some of the superior workmen get as high as £6. THE RAILWAY REVENUE. The report of the Board of Land and Works for the year ending June 30, 1874, dealing exclusively with the railway system of the colony, has been presented to Parlia- ment. The debenture capital for the con- struction of railways now bearing interest amounts to £10,657,000 being £68,100 less than last year, that sum having been re- deemed at the close of the financial year 1872-73. The net revenue derived from working the lines during the year was £476,327, or 4.47 per cent. upon the capital bearing interest. The interest on the bor- rowed capital amounted to £618,350, leaving a deficiency of £142,023, to be met out of the consolidated revenue - a reduction of the amount required during the previous year of no less than £92,279. The report states that the extinction of this charge upon the re- venue may be looked for at no distant date, so far as the lines opened for traffic to June 30 are concerned. The deficiency which had to be made up out of the consolidated re- venue was in 1870 £311,331, for six months of 1871 it amounted to £162,506, for 1871-2 £263,911, for the following year £239,302, while for the past year it was only £142,023. The expenditure from all funds upon the construction of the various lines of railway, stations, rolling stock, &c.;, exclusive of the plant and material on hand, amounted, on June 30, to £11,557,483 19s. 6d. The total amount expended during the year was £741,616 9s. 2d. The percentage of working expenses to receipts, 44.03 per cent., was regarded as a low rate, and would be found to compare favourably with that of railways in other parts of the world. The total earn- ings for the year amounted to £851,042, the expenses of working to £374,715, and the profit to £476,327. A reduction of 33 per cent., made on the 1st May on single fares on all the lines except the Williamstown line, was followed by a considerable falling off in revenue, but the short time the reduc- tion had been in force during the financial year rendered it impossible to form an opinion as to what would be the ultimate re- sult of the reduction. RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traffic on the Govern- ment lines of railway for the week ending December 17, compare unfavourably with the returns for the corresponding period of last year, though there are 539 miles open as against 441 miles open last year. The passen- ger traffic gives a return of £6,108 13s. 6d. as against £6,393 0s. 7d. last year, showing a falling-off in this branch of traffic amounting to £284 7s. 1d. The amount received for the carriage of goods is £12,891 4s. as against £12,935 12s. 6d. last year, showing a falling- off in this branch of £44 8s. 6d. The total returns for the week amount to £18,999 17s. 6d. as against £19,328 13s. 1d., showing a falling-off on the week's traffic of £328 15s. 7d. The aggregate returns to date from July 1 amount to £441,132 11s. 4d. as against £407,963 8s., show- ing an increase in favour of the present year of £33,169 3s. 4d. The weekly average of 24 weeks is £18,380 10s. 5d. as against £16,998 9s. 6d. last year, showing a weekly increase of £1,392 0s. 11d. in favour of the present year. The returns of the traffic on the Melbourne and Hobsons Bay United Railway for the four weeks ending December 18 compare very favourably with the returns of the corresponding period of last year in every branch of traffic. The amount received for the carriage of passengers is £8,779 11s. 7d., as against £8,572 5s. 3d. last year, showing an increase of £207 6s. 4d. in this branch of traffic in favour of the present year. The goods traffic gives a return of £4,123 17s. 4d. as against £3,905 16s. last year, showing an increase of £218 1s. 4d. in favour of the pre- sent year's traffic. The total returns for the four weeks amount to £12,903 8s. 11d., as against £12,478 1s. 3d., showing an increase on the month's traffic of £425 7s. 8d. as com- pared with the returns for the corresponding period of last year. The aggregate returns to date from July 1 amount to £76,335 5s. 4d., as against £72,339 15s. 8d., showing an in- crease in favour of the present year of £3,995 9s. 8d. The weekly average is £3,143 4s. 4d., is against £2 901 5s 7d showing a weekly increase of £281 18s. 9d. in favour of the present year. THE WEATHER. During the past month the weather has been of a rather changeable nature consider- ing the period of the year, but it has on the whole been advantageous to vegetation and harvesting operations, so far as the latter have proceeded. The highest temperature in the shade during the past fortnight - 102.7 deg., was recorded on the afternoon of the 17th inst., when as may be imagined it was inconveniently hot, and the registration of the temperature was almost as high as ever it is in Melbourne. The lowest temperature recorded during the same fortnight was 44.1 deg., on the early morning of the 24th inst. The highest reading of the barometer - 30.056in., occurred on the morning of the 13th inst., and the lowest 29.481, on the afternoon of the 22ud instant. Rain fell during the month to the amount of 1.92in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 28.28in., as compared with 23.51in. during the same period in 1873, 32 61in. 1872, 30.61in. in 1871, 33.18in. in 1870, 24.61in. in 1869, 18.27in. in 1868, 25.55in. in 1867, 22.43in. in 1866, 15.94in. in 1865, 27.27in in 1864, 35.88in. in 1863, 22.05in. in 1862, 29.02in. in 1861, 25.38in. in 1860, 21.52in. in 1859, 25.62in. in 1858 , or an average of 25.84in." RACING. The annual race meeting at Wagga Wagga, which is yearly increasing in importance, was held on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th insts. A large number of visitors went up from Mel- bourne, and the meeting passed off very pleasantly. On the first day, a colt by Snowden won the Mares' Produce Stakes. The Wagga Cup, of 500 sovs., was won by The Diver, by Maribyrnong, out of Gwendo- line, carrying 7st 11lb. Haricot, the winner of the Melbourne Cup, with 6st. 13lb. up, was second. Six others started. The two miles was done in 3m. 33½s., the fastest time ever made in Australia. Emperor won the Maiden Plate and Express won the Turf Club Plate. On the second day, Australia won the Derby, Snowden won the Grand Stand Handicap, and Liberty the All-aged Stakes. On the third day, Beeswing won the Mile Handicap. The Town Plate Handicap was a most exciting race, as The Diver, 7st 1lb., and Haricot, 6st 4lb., were to meet again over a mile and a half distance. The Diver was winning easily, when Haricot, whose weight was 6st 4lb., swerved from dístress, and carried The Diver right across the course. The latter ran into a trooper, and Yeomans, his jockey, was thrown violently. Haricot passed the post first, and then his jockey fell off. Mr Lloyd, the owner of The Diver, would not protest against Haricot (or he would assuredly have been disqualified), as the jostle was not in- tentional, so the race was awarded to Haricot, another protest for his losing his jockey being dismissed. The time again was very fast, 2m 39s. The Ballarat Midsummer Race Meeting took place on the 4th and 5th December. On the first day the programme commenced with the Handicap Hurdle Race, which was won with ease by Flambeau ; native was second, and Shakespeare third. Maid of Haw- thorn won the Flying Stakes, Jack Sprat was second, and Grasshopper third. Only four out of the 17 coloured on the card started for the Dowling Forest Handicap, which was won by Goshawk, Imperial being second, and Gaslight a very close third. Prince won the Selling Stakes easily, beating three others. The Selling Steeplechase was won by Trumpeter, beating four other horses. The second day's racing on the Dowling Forest course was even more uninteresting than that of the first day of the meeting. The attendance was small, and the racing entirely without interest. Spitfire won the Selling Hurdle Race, Despatch being the only other starter. Mocking Bird won the Selling Plate, beating two others easily. The Midsummer Handicap was run away with by Sultan, who disposed of the field with the same ease as Haricot did in the Melbourne Cup. Ararat won the Steeplechase, being the only horse that went round without baulking or falling. The day's racing was brought to a conclusion with a Consolation Stake, which was won by Jack Sprat. THEATRES. The past month has been a busy one in the theatrical world of Melbourne, the exciting cause being of course the Christmas panto- mimes, for which more than usually exten- sive preparations were made both at the Theatre Royal and the Opera-house. The latter was first in the field, producing its pantomime, as was the case last year, on Christmas Eve to an over-crowded house. The title of this pantomime (of which Mr. Gar- net Walch is the author) is rather an im- posing one, namely, "Adamanta, the Proud Princess of Profusia, and the Six Unlucky Suitors ; or Riddle-me, Riddle-me-ree, and the Transit of Venus from a new point of observation." The scenery and appoint- ments are very beautiful, and a long period of successful representation is anticipated. The pantomime at the Royal was produced for the first time on Boxing night to an immense audience. The title is not an unfamiliar one - "Humpty Dumpty, who sat on a wall," and the piece has been written by Mr. Thomas Carrington and Mr. James Eville, two gentlemen well known in literary circles here. It has been adapted from a burlesque of the same title by Mr. Strachan, with con- siderable freedom. The scenery and me- chanical effects, the work of Mr. Hennings, are pronounced the finest ever seen on a similar occasion in Melbourne, and they so delighted the audience on the first night that the artist had to appear twice before the curtain. Previous to Christmas the month was, as usual, a comparatively dull one at the theatres. Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, after a long and most successful engage- ment at the Theatre Royal, took their farewell benefit on the 21st inst., when they appropriately selected as the prin- cipal item of the bill the piece in which they first became known to Melbourne play- goers - viz., "Struck Oil." Mr. Williamson, at the close of the piece, bade farewell for a time to the audience, in a few well-chosen re- marks. He had, he said, "tried to arrange some words into a set speech, but he had found it impossible to discipline his feelings into any- thing like a formal address. After all, mere words came only from the lips, but truth came from the heart. He could but thank everybody for the kindness shown them. To the public who had supported them, and to the press who had encouraged them, he should always feel grateful, for it was really in Melbourne that he and his wife had made their first grand starting-point. It was the Melbourne people who had given them a firm helping hand to the ladder of fame. Nor would he forget to thank those behind the curtain for the friendly co-operation which had been shown them. He hoped before long to be again before the Melbourne public with fresh novelties. He could not say how soon, but whenever the time did come, it would be a source of pleasure to him. He would only further say, 'Goodnight ; good- bye ; and God bless you !' " The utmost cheer- ing followed these remarks. Mr. and Mrs. Williamson are now playing at Ballarat, where they seem to have produced as deep and favourable an impression as they did at Melbourne. Miss Eleanor Carey, who has long been a favourite actress with frequenters of the Royal, has during the month gone "over the way" to the Opera-house, where she appeared very successfully in "La Tentation." It appears probable that Miss Carey will prove no less successful in, to her, a new line of business, as she is now playing with excellent effect in the extravaganza in connexion with the Opera-house pantomime. The Falkir of Oolu, otherwise Dr. Sylves- ter, a clever illusionist who has recently arrived from England, made his first appear- ance at St. George's Hall on Christmas Eve, and has since been playing there very suc- cessfully. M. Blondín still continues his stay in Mel- bourne. The night performances, at which there are many very beautiful displays of fireworks, seem to have particularly hit the taste of Melbourne people, the consequence being a very large attendance nightly. MUSIC. During the month just passed a very mixed general programme has been presented to the musical public in Melbourne. On the 3rd Mr. Hughes, a music teacher of some local celebrity, produced at the Athenæum an opera di camera for the benefit of the Masonic Charity Fund. The name of the work was "Les Fleur de Savoie," and it is a clever amplification of an original idea by Bordese. The performance was successful, and was repeated again on the 11th. On the 17th a moonlight concert took place in the Botanical gardens. This was given for the benefit of the funds of the Protestant and Catholic orphanages. The instrumental music was supplied by a fine orchestra, con- ducted by Mr. Siede and Mr. Plock, and the vocal numbers were given by the mem- bers of the Melbourne German Liedertafel. The succeas of the first concert was so great that a similar entertainment was given in the same place on Monday, the 21st, but not with the same attendance on the part of the public. A new Philharmonic Society recently formed in the Fitzroy divi- sion of Melbourne, gave their second con- cert successfully at the local Town- hall on the 17th December. Macfarren's cantata, "May Day," was the chief number in the programme. We have at length come really to the end of an opera season which, with the needful intervals, has been almost con- stant in Melbourne for the last four years. The excellent company which for such a length of time was under engagement to Messrs. Lyster and Cagli is at last dis- banded. On the 12th and 14th of the month they played "Il Profeta " and " Mosé in Egitto" for the last time, and on the 22nd and 23rd gave excellent representations of "La Juive" and " Lucia di Lammermoor ;" these two performances were for the benefit of Signor Cagli. In recogmtion of Mr. Lyster's exertions as operatic manager, which have always been made in the spirit of liberality and good taste, a complimentary concert was got up for his benefit at the Town-hall on the 19th December. The Italian artists and Mr. Beaumont volunteered their services, and so also did the Melbourne Philharmonic Society and the Metropolitan Liedertafel. There was a fine orchestra, and the Mel- bourne organ was also used on the occasion. A well-mixed programme was admirably performed, but the weather interfered with the attendance. On the 21st Mr. and Mrs. Perraton gave their annual concert at the Town-hall, where there was a numerous attendance of the friends of their pupils. Verdi's "Requiem Mass" was produced for the first time m Melbourne at the Theatre Royal on Christmas Eve, and it was repeated again on Christmas night. The solo vocalists were Signora Palmieri and Zenoni- Gamboa, Signor Palmieri, and Signor Susini. There was a chorus of 50 voices, and the accompaniment was supplied by two pianos played by Messrs. C. B. Foster and Alfred Anderson, R. A. ; the whole work was conducted by Signor Zelman. The manner in which this composition was presented did not produce a very favourable impression. The whole of the colour was taken out of it through there being no orchestra. The chorus, too, might have been better trained ; the soloists sang well. On Christmas night the annual performance of the " Messiah" by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society took place at the Town hall, in the presence of an audience numbering many thousands. The soloists were Miss Pitts, Mrs. Cutter, Mr. Armes Beaumont, and Mr. S. Lamble. It was an admirable performance, and worthy of high praise. On Boxing night the Town- hall was opened for a promenade concert, but although a number of favourite singers appeared, the public did not show in any- thing like great number. COURSING. The Victorian Coursing Club have resolved to secure the services of Mr. Frank Gar- diner, the English coursing judge, for the ensuing season. The liking for this sport is increasing throughout Victoria. New clubs are forming, and even the most distant locali- ties are eagerly looking forward to stocking the country with hares with a view to future sport. OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS. The cricket season may be said to be now at its zenith in the colony, and the progress of the game during the past few months is evident in the improved play exhibited at all the later matches. Of course the most inte- resting event at present exciting cricketing circles is the intercolonial match with New South Wales, which was commenced on the Melbourne ground on Saturday last. The Victorians have had it all their own way for so many years past that it was beginning to be thought that the interest hitherto exhibited m the contest was on the wane. That that is far from being the case, however, was shown by the large attendance on the ground on Saturday last, upwards of 8,000 persons being present. The weather was all that could be desired, the day being beautifully fine, and a cool breeze blowing through- out the afternoon. The Victorian team was captained by B. B. Cooper, of the South Melbourne Club, Coates per- forming the like office for the New South Wales team. The wicket was a very dead one, and before play was commenced it was agreed between the two captains that a fresh wicket should be provided for each innings. Coates won the toss, and elected to send the Victorians to the wickets. They managed to put together 149 runs before the last wicket fell, and at the time the stumps were drawn two of the Sydney men were out for 40 runs. There was on view in the pavilion during the day the silver cup, the gift of the pro- prietors of The Australasian, which will be presented to the highest scorer in the match, whichever team he may happen to belong to. Early in the afternoon an adjournment was made for lunch, which had been laid in a marquee in the reserve, and about 50 gentle- men sat down to table. Mr. D. C. McArthur president of the M.C.C., occupied the chair, having on his right His Excellency the Go- vernor, and on his left the New South Wales captain (Mr Coates). The usual loyal toasts having been duly honoured, the chairman proposed "The health of His Excellency the Governor." In replying, Sir George Bowen expressed his thanks for the kind terms in which his health had been proposed, and the enthusiastic manner in which it had been drunk. It had given him great pleasure to be present that afternoon, as he was always glad to assist, as the French termed it, at such meetings. He took objection to the word patronage, used by Mr. McArthur, as he considered our old English sports did not require the patronage of governors or any- body else. He was present that afternoon in consequence of the pleasure it gave him to see the old English sports so flourishing here. (Cheers.) On the last occasion that he was present on the Melbourne ground, he re- ferred to a leading article in The Times, in which it was stated that Australia was far more British than America or Canada, be- cause the English sports and games were more cultivated here than in those countries. It was needless for him to say that the game of cricket was not at all to be compared with the American national game of baseball. On the same occasion he also referred to a letter in one of the New York papers, in which the writer referred to the Victorians as " Darned Britishers." He had no doubt that our friends from New South Wales were as glad as the Victorians to be known as " Darned Britishers," as he was quite sure that the colonists would never forget that they were not only Australians, but also Britons, and bound by many endearing ties to the mother- country (Cheers.) Ho re- gretted that his old friend of 20 years' stand- ing - Sir Hercules Robinson, the able Gover- nor of New South Wales - was not present that day. They all knew what a lover of sport that gentleman was. He (Sir George Bowen) could not pretend to be a match for him at racing, but as Mr. Du Cane, the ex-Governor of Tasmania, had recently chal- lenged him to a single wicket match at cricket, he did not think he could do better than to pass the challenge on to Sir Hercules Robinson - (cheers and laughter) - and play the match either here or in Sydney. Before that time came, however, he would be back from a visit to Lord's and the Oval, and bring with him all tho newest dodges, which would perhaps place Sir Hercules at a disadvantage. (Cheers and laughter.) But whether this match came off or not, he thought these intercolonial contests - whether rifle matches, rowing matches, or cricket matches - were of immense advantage, as they induced a kindly feeling between the different colonies. This meeting might be looked upon with especial feelings of pleasure. Victoria was in a cer- tain sense the daughter of New South Wales, though it might be said in the words of Ho[???] ; " Matre pulchra filia pulchrior." (Cheers). He would now, by leave of the chairman, propose the health and a hearty welcome to the New South Wales team, coupled with the name of their captain, Mr. Coates. (Cheers.) The toast was duly honoured and responded to, and, after a few others an adjournment was made to the cricket field. The match was resumed on Monday, and notwithstanding that the day was intensely hot, the interest in the game continued so great that nearly 4,000 spectators were pre- sent during the afternoon. The wicket was much livelier than on Saturday, and this was of course in f avour of the batsmen. The Victorians also suffered a loss in the absence of one of their bowlers, as Murphy was un- able to be present in consequence of his brother's death. Hastings, of East Mel- bourne, fielded in his place. The Sydney men put together 216 runs before they were disposed of, Bannerman contributing 81 of the number, while Tindall carried his bat out for 26. Tho Victorian team then went a second time to the wickets, and when the stumps were drawn they had lost three wickets for 70 runs. Yesterday the Victorians finished their second innings for 185, thus making 334 in all. The New South Wales men had thus 119 to got to win, and when the stumps were drawn yesterday four of their wickets were down for 84. In all pro- bability, therefore, New South Wales, after a long-continued series of defeats, will suc- ceed in winning the " intercolonial" this year, and we believe that all true cricketers in Victoria who have the interest of the game at heart will be glad of the victory if it be gained, for there is little doubt that the un- varied success of Victoria had at length begun to detract from the interest of the annual contest. The Australasian Cup how- ever will probably not leave the colony, the highest scorer at present being Kelly, of the Victorian team, who put together 86 by fine cricket, and this score is not likely to be ex- ceeded. The second scorer so far is Banner- man, of New South Wales, who came close with 81. Next to the intercolonial contest the match which has undoubtedly occupied the fore- most place in public interest is the extraor- dinary match between the East and South Melbourne Clubs for the Challenge cup, at present held by the former club. Before the date of our last summary, the game had been commenced by the South Melbourne team securing 170 in their first innings. East Mel- bourne followed with 259, and the Jolimon- ters became certain of the game, but their hopes have considerably decreased since then, for three Saturdays have come and gone and the South Melbourne have not yet completed their second innings, 8 wickets being down for the magnificent score of 437. Even should South Melbourne not get any more runs, which is most un- likely, the Jolimonters have to score 347 in their second innings to win, so that the game at present seems almost a certainty for the southerners. The match will be con- tinued on New Year's Day (Friday), and if not then concluded will be played out next day. The annual match between the Parlia- ment and the Press came off on the 4th inst., and again resulted in an easy vic- tory for the press men. His Excellency the Governor, and Mr. Du Cane, the ex-Governor of Tasmania, were present throughout the day, and both made very happy speeches at the luncheon. Handball and bowling still continue fa- vourite out-door amusements, and several matches have taken place during the month, but not of sufficient interest to particularise for our home readers. On the water, although yachting and rowing are still as spiritedly supported as ever, there has been hardly any particular event during the month of sufficient interest to chronicle in this place. All the various clubs are in a prosperous condition, and several of the rowing clubs have held their annual trial fours since our last summary, excellent rowing being exhibited at some of the matches. The regatta committee have fixed the next annual regatta for March 20, and have issued the programme, which is almost identical with that of last year. DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS. The following are lists of the deaths (ex- clusive of those persons born in the colony) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals since our last sum- mary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death :- MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. Armstrong, William, native of Scotland ; further particulars unknown ; died Decem- ber 13, of acute inflammation of lungs. Ashmore, Charles, aged 54, native of Not- tingham ; arrived in 1864 by the Great Britain ; died December 23, of tuberculosis. Ballantyne, Eliza, aged 35, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1862, ship unknown ; died December 12, of congestion of lungs and contusions. Bailey, Charles, aged 68, native of Bristol ; arrived in 1853 by the Stebon- heath ; died December 15, of senility and diarrhœa. Backler, Thomas, aged 54, native of London ; arrived in 1861 by the Yorkshire ; died December 16, of phthisis. Cleary, Mary, aged 22, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1873, ship unknown ; died Decem- ber 8, of morbus cordis. Collins, James, aged 60, native of London ; arrived in 1846 by the Glenbervey ; died December 9, of erysipelas of face and head. Farrell or Furnell, Ann aged 45, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1854 by ship unknown ; died December 22, of softening of the brain. Goodman, Robert, aged 70, native of Devon- shire, arrived in 1844 by the Sea Queen ; died December 1, of compound comminuted fracture of the left arm. Gornez, Manuel, aged 30, native of Cape de Verde Islands ; arrived in 1874 by the Sam Mendell ; died December 9, of aneurism of aorta. Heeney, Michael, aged 26, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1865 by the Golden Empire ; died December 1, of fracture of the neck. Hardidge, John, aged 44, native of Somerset- shire ; arrived in 1857 by the Sabrina ; died December 6, of fracture of the spine. Johnson, Charles, aged 39, native of Sweden, arrived in 1862, by The Pride ; died December 10, of morbus cordis and general dropsy. Johnson, John, aged 37, native of Sweden ; arrived in 1874, by the Carl Vale ; died November 30, of phthisis. Little, Nathan, aged 26, native of Essex ; arnved in 1874, by the Derbyshire ; died December 12, of typhoid fever. Linn, Mary, aged 52, native of Cheshire ; arrived in 1859, by the Tyrone ; died December 22, of phthisis. Massey, Charles, aged 45, native of Salis- bury ; arrived in 1855, by the Eldorado ; died December 1, of morbus Brightii. Poyner, John, aged 55, native of Cornwall ; arrived in 1841, ship unknown ; died Novem- ber 30, of fracture of legs. Ryan, Edmund, aged 30, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1861, by the Lilias ; died December 2, of pyæmia. Shaw, Margaret, aged 25, native of India ; arrived in 1857, ship not known ; died De- cember 4, of phthisis. Shuttle, Rosanna, aged 26 ; arrived in 1850, by the Creole ; died December 20, of phthisis. Thomson, Elizabeth, aged 30, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1848, ship unknown ; died December 16, of phthisis. Talbot, Charles, aged 48, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1862, ship unknown ; died December 20, of erysipelas of face. Von Riecheman, Mary, aged 51, native of Doncaster ; arrived in 1863 by the Sussex ; died December 2, of gangrene. Weir, Jane, aged 46, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1853 by the Thomas Fielding ; died December 2, of burns. Wood, John, aged 28, native of Cambridge ; arrived in 1854 by the Lord George Bentinck ; died December 15, of congestion of the lungs. ALFRED HOSPITAL. Allford, Walter, aged 22, coachman, native of Wiltshire ; arrived in 1874 by the Christian McAltham ; died December 27, of aneurism. Black, Agnes, aged 45, dressmaker, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1853 by the British Queen ; died December 14, of suppurating hydatid of liver. Booth, David, aged 21, groom, native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1856 (vessel unknown) ; died December 12, of pneumonia. Campbell, James, aged 40, butcher, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1853 by the Red Jacket ; died December 12, of pericarditis and pleuro-pneumonia. Fitzsimon, Frances aged 30, domestic, native of London ; arrived in 1865 by the Duke of Newcastle ; died December 16, of phthisis. Foley, Mary, aged 56, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1870 by the Bengal ; died December 2, of morbus cordis. McCarty, Ann, aged 33, native of Birming- ham ; arrived in 1862 by the Commodore Perry ; died December 25, of phthisis. Wilmot, Ann, aged 44, nurse native of Yorkshire ; arrived in 1868 by the Liverpool ; died December 8, of phthisis. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The general elections have almost en- grossed the attention of the public during the month. Mr. Parkes (the Chief Secretary), in his address to his constituents, passed very lightly over the matter of the Governor's minute in regard to Gardiner the bush- ranger's release, dwelling, however, on the impossibility of his failing to treat seriously the adverse motion and the inevitable necessity of a dissolution. He went over the past measures of the Government, and defended himself from all blame on the score of Hall the Californian mail contrac- tor's failure, for which he argued he was not responsible. He declared himself to be in favour of railway extension by putting cheap lines into the less populous districts, and promised new waterworks and sewerage works for the city, together with additional endowments to the municipalities. He has brought some ridicule on himself by a paragraph in his published address, in which he largely claims for his administration the merit of the present prosperity of the country, and entreats the electors not to listen to his opponents, who might disparage that view. With regard to education, Mr Parkes claims that while others have talked he has acted. He disparaged the league, as representing certainly not more than 10,000 persons, and he weighed them as against the 600,000 people of the colony, and declined to follow their lead. At the same time, while abiding by the act, he confessed himself willing to give a further impulse towards the cause of national, as opposed to denominational education. He is willing to plant public schools wherever they are wanted, exclusively at the public cost, and also to rigidly enforce the law by shutting up little schools that have fallen below the minimum. No definite issue has been put before the country, and hardly a candidate has said that he is Ministerial, owing to Mr. Parkes's action in the Gardiner affair. The following is the result of the elec- tions so far as they have proceeded :- East Sydney, Messrs. Parkes, McIntosh, Sturt, and Davies ; West Sydney, Messrs. Robertson, Dibbs, Dangar, and Cameron ; Windsor, Mr. R. Driver ; Morpeth, Mr. Wisdom ; Northumberland, Mr. Stevens ; Grafton, Mr. Bowden ; Nepean, Mr. Shep- herd ; Paterson, Mr. Arnold ; Yass, Mr. Fitz- patrick ; Kiama, Mr. Fox ; Orange, Mr. Nelson ; Newtown, Mr. Brown ; Paddington, Mr. Sutherland ; St Leonard's, Mr. Far- rell ; Goulburn, Mr. Teece ; West Mait- land, Mr. H. E. Cohen ; Shoalhaven, Mr. Warden ; Hastings, Mr. Smith ; Mudgee, Mr. Goold ; Queanbeyan, Mr. Wright ; Hartley, Mr. Brown ; East Maitland, Mr. Scholey ; Patrick Plains, Mr. W. C. Browne ; Wollambi, Mr. Cunneen ; Narrallen, Mr. Hurley ; Balranald, Mr. J. J. Phelps ; Braidwood, Mr. Greville ; Canter- bury, Messrs. Hill and Lucas ; Argyle, Mr. Butler. With the exception of Mr. Abbott, the members of the Cabinet are all now elected. The new elections will give the Inde- pendent members a large majority in the House, and will probably lead to the forma- tion of a new party. Considerable excitement was caused by publicity having been given to the fact that certain Catholic priests had held a private meeting of the Catholic electors of Sydney, at which a resolution was carried pledging themselves to vote for the Ministerial candi- dates. Cakobau, the ex-King of Fiji, has been on a visit to Sydney, during which he was ex- tensively feted. A public banquet was given to Sir Hercules Robinson to celebrate the annexation of Fiji. The Mikado reached California under the contract time. The A.S.N. Company have arranged for a provisional contract for six months longer. The ship Windsor Castle reports seeing a burning ship in 5deg. N., and another vessel by apparently rescuing the crew. The full Court has refused the Bishop of Newcastle's application to appeal in the Thackeray case. There has been a large fire at Windsor, a few miles from Sydney, by which 40 buildings were burnt down, and damage done to the extent of £13,000. A meeting has been called, with a view to raising subscriptions for the poor families who have suffered from the conflagration. One night last week a small life-boat con- taining two Frenchmen, in blouses, made the lighthouse at Moreton Island. Their clothes were marked "5,604" and "5,117." They stated that they were escaped Commu- nists, 12 days out from New Caledonia. They had only a pound of bread and a pint of water left when they made the land. The lighthouse-keeper gave them a night's lodg- ing, and they left for Brisbane next day. The boat had only one oar, and a sail made from bagging. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Hon. A. Blyth, Chief Secretary, ad- dressed the electors of Gumeracha recently, chiefly for the purpose of ascertaining whether he had any chance of being elected if he stood. He stated that the questions of education, railway extension, and increased labour demanded urgent attention. An amendment of the Real Property Act was required, and a simplification of the Supreme Court procedure was also necessary. The Government were determined to reduce the upset price of land to £1 per acre. The meet- ing was not enthusiastic. A large requi- sition was subsequently presented to Mr. Blyth, asking him to stand for North Ade- laide, and he consented. The elections do not take place till February. Sir Richard Hansen, Chief Justice, has been appointed chancellor of the University, Bishop Short vice-chancellor, and Mr. Wil- ham Barlow, B.A., secretary and registrar of the university. An association has been formed to push on the construction of the railway line north of Port Augusta. The number of deaths during the past three months was 951, as against 561 for the corresponding period of 1873. The most fatal epidemics have been measles, diarrhœa dysentery, and typhoid fever. To defective sanitary arrangements much of the mor- tality is attributable, especially on Yorke's Peninsula, where it has been decided that the provisions of the Public Health Act should be put into operation. A meeting of persons interested in the Real Property Act carried resolutions against re- pealing the act, and also denying that the recent decisions imperilled the efficacy of it. Mr. Ernest Giles has left for Port Lin- coln, to explore the country lying between the Musgrave and Tomkinson ranges. Mr. Price Maurice, a wealthy squatter, under- takes the cost of the expedition. After ex- amining the country to the north and north- west of Fowler's Bay, Mr. Giles will take command of an expedition fitted out by Mr. Elder, and push across to Perth, southward of Mr. Forrest's route. The acting Crown solicitor has given an opinion that the Ancient Order of Odd- fellows cannot amalgamate with the Grand United Order in Victoria and New South Wales without a special act of Parliament. Mr. John Colton has been elected mayor of Adelaide. Great indignation was excited at the fact that the Protestant Association (a small body) endeavoured to influence the election against Mr. Solomon. It is anticipated that 200,000 tons of breadstuffs will be available for export this season. Mr. J. K. Day, major of Kapunda, has been appointed immigration lecturer in England, as successor to the late Mr. Gowling. Parliament House is to be patched up once more, a tender for £2,000 hating been accepted for additions. The new light for the lighthouse at the Port has arrived, and it is expected to be fixed early in January. The cost amounts to £3,500. The Equity Court has issued injunctions restraining several woolwashers from inter- rupting the pure flow of the River Torrens. The Rev. James Ashton, chairman of the Bible Christian Association, is dead. Northern Territory affairs are in a very un- satisfactory condition. The quartz crushing companies are nearly all wound up, though tlo alluvial diggings are improving. Mr. Millner, protector of aborigines and resident medical officer, has resigned from ill health. He leaves by the next steamer, and there will then be no medical man at the settle- ment. A circuit court is to be despatched from Adelaide to Port Darwin in February. QUEENSLAND. The magisterial inquiry respecting Hume's (the convict explorer's) death has proved that he died of thirst. No doubt remains that O'Hea, one of Hume's companions, has also perished, though his body has not been found by the search party. TASMANIA. The Butler estate has been subdivided, realising £55,000. Mr. Forster, inspector of police, has re- signed, and Mr. John Swan succeeds him. The Hobart Town publicans have carried the aldermanic ticket, and Mr. Crisp was for the third time elected mayor. Mr. Alfred Harrap has been elected mayor of Launceston. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. After a four days' session of the Council, beginning on November 18, the constitutional question was delayed pending the arrival of Governor Robinson, who brings special in- structions with regard to the views of the Home Government on the proposed re- form. A bonus of £500 has been voted to Mr. Forrest and his party. The arrangements made for the reception of Mr. Forrest include a public entry, the presentation of addresses, a banquet, and a ball. Mr Barlee's salary has been increased £100. With a view to the furtherance of the mining interests in Champion Bay district a bonus of £2,500 is to be given to the first person who shall erect smelting works in the Victoria district, to be open to the public at an approved tariff, and to be capable of smelting at least 2,000 tons of lead or copper ore in one year, and who shall succeed in smelting such a quantity of ore as shall pro- duce from such smelting not less than 1,000 tons of pig lead or ingots of copper within a period of three years from 1st January, 1875. Another bonus is offered to encourage the industry of sericulture ; £500 is to be granted to any person who, before 1st March, 1876, shall have exported 250oz. of saleable grain, produced by him in the colony. The wheat crop is good but not sufficient for the consumption. NEW ZEALAND. Sir James Fergusson left Auckland on November 27 per Mikado. There was little ceremony, owing to the shortness of the notice. The mayor made a short speech, regretting such a sudden departure, and alluded to Lady Fergusson not being present, and trusted the farewell would be taken as a genuine manifestation of good-will. In con- clusion he wished him God speed. In reply, Governor Fergusson thanked all present for their kindness in gathering at such short notice to bid him. God speed, and regretting the suddenness of his departure. He had always found the people of the colony kind and generous, and did not require that such opinion should be confirmed by that mani- festation. He expressed his indebtedness to the public men of the colony for their kindness during his stay. To all classes he was grateful for their expression of regard, and hoped to see the speedy development of the great material wealth with which Pro- vidence had blessed the colony. No man who had been in the colonies would be more assiduous or desirous for its welfare than himself ; no opportunities or talents should be lost for advancing its interests. Three cheers for Sir James and three for Lady Fer- gusson were given. His Excellency went aboard the steamer Devonport, which steamed off to the Mikado, the artillery firing a vice-regal salute from the break- water. The Mikado weighed anchor as soon as His Excellency got on board. The Otago Daily Times says :- "It is stated in Auckland that the reason of Sir James Fergusson's hurried departure by the Mikado was that the Marquis of Normanby has as yet only received his commission as acting Governor, so that it was impossible for him to assume the governership while Sir James Fergusson was here. It is also stated at Auckland that Sir James Fergusson will succeed Lord Northbrook as Governor- General of India." The rumour, our corre- spondent says, is discredited at Wellington. The Marquis of Normanby, the new Go- vernor of New Zealand, arrived at Auckland from Sydney on 3rd December, after a tedious passage in the Hero. He landed that morn- ing at 10 o'clock, and was received on the wharf by the Provincial and General Govern- ments, the volunteers lining each side of the wharf. At the city end the city council pre- sented an address to which His Excellency briefly replied. He said as he had only just landed they must not expect him to express any opinion regarding the colony, but they might depend upon it he would make him- self thoroughly acquainted with it. He hoped to return soon to enjoy the scenery for which Auckland was famed. A proces- sion proceeded through the city to Govern- ment-house. Most of the shops were closed, and strings of banners displayed. The cere- mony of swearing-in commenced shortly before 12, in front of the Government-house, and there was a large assemblage by that time on the lawn. The oath was admin- istered by the chief justice. Afterwards the Superintendent presented an address, setting forth that peace was reigning between the two races. The Governor brielly replied, and this closed the ceremony. Lord Hervey Phipps has been appointed aide de camp, and Captain Maling, 30th Regi- ment, private secretary. His Excellency was honoured with a public reception at Wellington on December 14, at noon, and was presented with an address of welcome from the mayor and members of the corporation. The day had been pro- claimed a public holiday, and an unusually large number of the citizens turned out in holiday attire and thronged the wharf and its approaches, while all the vessels in port spread every available rag of bunting. The armed constabulary, fire brigades, and the various volunteer corps formed a guard of honour on the wharf, at the end of which, where the municipal address of welcome was presented, a bevy of young girls strewed flowers before tho marquis and marchioness. His Excellency made a brief extempore reply to the corporate address, as follows :- "Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen of the Corpo- ration, - I cordially thank you for the very hearty welcome you have given me upon my arrival on your shores, and I also thank you for the very flattering terms in which the address is couched. I can only assure you that any abilities that I may possess will be sincerely and heartily devoted to promote, as far as in me lies, the happiness, well-being, and prosperity of the colony of New Zealand. I have also to thank you on behalf of Lady Normanby for the welcome you have given us, and to assure you that we feel confident our stay among you will be a happy one. I again thank you for your kind reception." The statistics for 1873 give the population of the colony of New Zealand at the end of that year as 295,046. Commenting upon the returns, the New Zealand Times points out that for that year the Government paid wholly or in part passages of 8,754 immigrants without colonial experience, and l,500 of them children, while during the same period 4,761 persons, a large portion being expe- rienced colonists, left the colony. The Times attributes this result to bad land and oppres- sive mining laws. The imports of the colony for the quarter ending September amounted to £2,280,000, and the exports to £668,788. The exports show a decrease on the return of last year, owing to the falling off in gold and hemp. Intelligence from the boring party at Poverty Bay kerosene springs states that oil is flow- ing into the wells at the rate of 10gal. per day. As the sinking deepens the oil springs improve. As much as 3ft. of oil accumulated in the well during one night. There is a considerable tract of country known as Ohinemuri, in the vicinity of the Thames goldfield, and believed to be equally auriferous, but hitherto the natives have jealously kept it closed to the prospector - they could not be got to sell or lease it upon any conditions, and at times Government had a difficult task to prevent the miners of the Thames from rushing the block. It would appear now, however, that the obstruc- tionists have given way, and that a fresh field for mining enterprise will be thrown open in a very short time. A private letter recently published in one of the Thames papers states that all money ques- tions in reference to Ohinemuri purchase havee been arranged. Te Moananui, who has been foremost in obstruction, lately with- drew his opposition. The principal business to settle will be the allocation of the purchase money for different lands on account of which money has been paid. It will take a month to arrange boundaries and reserves. The Hannah has arrived from London with 300 Government immigrants. The first portion of a railway opened at Napier has, contrary to expedition, paid more than working expenses. A venerable chief, whose Christianised name was Hobbs, died at Wellington at the almost incredible age of 104. His native name was Rapiha Motuora. Madame Goddard has met with great success at Napier, and is now at Auckland. The young salmon placed in the river at Christchurch are reported to be growing very fast and food is abundant. The Wellington Post says it is currently reported that Mr. Travers has declined the appointment of Attorney-General offered to him by the Government, contingent upon Mr. Prendergast's elevation to the Bench. The alleged cause is said to be difference of opinion with the Government as to the position which the Attorney-General of the colony occupies under the act regulating his appointment. An inquiry has been held at Napier re- specting alleged cruelty on the part of the captain of the Bebington to an immigrant girl. The evidence was contradictory. The girl states that she refused to give up a pocket- book containing memoranda of incidents on the voyage, and concealed it about her person. She was seized, tied up, and stripped, when the book was taken from her. No de- cision has yet been given. Cecilia Allen, a little girl in service with Mr. Howard, North Shore, Auckland whose house was burned on Friday, November 27, has been arrested for arson. The circum- stances seem to indicate that the child was afflicted with a mania for incendiarism. The house had caught fire several times, and on the last occasion a man passing went in and found the girl removing the furniture out of the way of the flames. The fire then got such a hold that it wss impossible to extin- guish it. The child afterwards made a full confession. She said she had also tried to set fire to another place, and it is stated that she attempted to cause several fires at Auck- land some time ago, but was stopped by neighbours. At the annual meeting of the Fiji Bank, held at Auckland, the business was shown to be fairly profitable, though not large. The Bank of New Zealand shores are quoted at £18. At a sale of pure Lincoln rams at Wan- ganui, the prices ranged from £31 to £40, the average being £34. Mr. Bowen, recently appointed Minister of Justice, has offered himself for the vacant seat of Kaiapoi, and is not likely to be op- posed. Brennan, who made a murderous attack on a girl at Invercargill, some time ago, with an adze, has pleaded guilty, and been sen- tenced to imprisonment for life. FIJI. According to latest advices from Fiji, matters were going on very quietly under the Provisional Government established by Sir Hercules Robinson. Mr. St. Julian, the late chief justice, whose health had been failing for some time, died at the beginning of December. The news of the appointment of Sir Arthur Gordon as Governor had not yet been received. Cakobau, the late King of Fiji, has been paying a vist to Sir Hercules Robinson in Sydney, where he has been feted and made much of. The Vunivalu arrived from Fiji in H.M.S. Dido on the 29th November, and left for the islands in the same vessel on the 20th December. The old man took an intel- ligent interest in everything that was brought under his notice, and appeared to enjoy his novel experience very much. Prior to his departure, the Governor of New South Wales, in the name of the Queen of England, pre- sented him with a yacht of 30 tons. The special correspondent of The Argus, who was a passenger in the Dido from Fiji to Sydney with the ex-King wrote an account of the voyage, from which the following is extracted :- When the moment of final leave-taking at Levuka came, Cakobau tenderly kissed his wife and daughter, and also his son Abel, a burly fellow 30 years of age. Queen Lydia wept copiously, making vain efforts to dry her tears with a coloured piece of tapa. Cakobau's eyes also overflowed, but he quickly turned away, and endeavoured to interest himself in objects on the deck of the Dido, deeming such weakness unworthy a great chief. When the ship's screw had made a few turns, the canoes slowly sailed away to the shore, presenting an extravagantly sor- rowful aspect. On the principal canoe there was a ring of Bauan ladies almost encircling the deckhouse, and looking in their short light jackets, " Like doves, Sunning their milky bosoms on the thatch." Queen Lydia and Andi Quila sat at the prow leading the weeping, and the mournful exer- cise was vigorously taken up by their hand- maidens squatting in serried rows, and mop- ping their eyes in concert, as though plunged in the lowest depths of inconsolable woe. The Vunivalu is a man 6ft. high. He has still some claim to be considered a good figure, though one leg is much shrunk from the effects of an old wound. His carriage is good, and in his native dress his ap- pearance is imposing. His grey hair is worn short, and he has a bushy beard and whiskers of the same colour. He has large dark eyes, which have a strange glow in them at times when he is animated by some wild thought which he does not care to give expression to. Ordinarily his appearance is that of a self-possessed, dignified, and astute old Fijian chief. He adapts himself readily to changing circumstances. On the voyage to Sydney he soon made friends with the whole company, and proved himself one of the most cheerful and genial fellows on board. He was free of the whole ship, and was continually turning up at the most un- expected times in the cabin, the ward-room the gun room, or some other place, with a friendly dig in the ribs for the first person he met, and a chuckling Vinaka (expres- sion of contentment). This cheerful old discrowned monarch thought nothing of bursting into your cabin at break of day, and shouting Bula (health to you) in your ears. He sat at the captain's table every day, and ate in white man's fashion, conducting himself very well. When drink- ing wine he always said "Bula " to each person in the room, beginning with the captain and ending with the stewards. When the Pearl left Fiji she took from the Dido the chief part of her coal, so that this voyage had to be made almost entirely under canvas. On the second day from the islands, the wind being favourable but light, the Vunivalu asked Captain Chapman how long it would take him to get to Sydney with that weather. The captain answered, "You tell the clerk of the weather to send us a strong breeze, and we will be there in very quick time." Cako- bau responded promptly, "Your steam- engines are the clerks of the weather - ask them." The captain then explained that he had got no angona (Fijian grog) to make them sing with. Cakobau said he was very comfortable, and in no great hurry, and that he supposed the Almighty had sent these fine light winds in order that he might enjoy his trip. A day or two afterwards, meeting the chief engineer, he remarked, "What a fool you were to let the Pearl take your coal away from you." Then, checking him- self suddenly, he added, " Oh, no, I see you did a smart thing - when there is no coal you have got no work to do." The Vunivalu christened the engineer, " Carpenter of the fire-sails." Matai, mechanic, or carpenter, in Fiji, means a man who has been specially trained to his craft, and can do what those who have not been so trained cannot. Thus the old chief called the doctor the "Carpenter of the sick," and learning that the Dido did not carry a chaplain, he said he would make the paymaster "Carpenter of the church," because he had nothing to do but to sit at the ward-room table all day. The captain, who is tall and of a portly figure, well calcu- lated to impress a race accustomed to judge people by their stature, he often called "Carpenter of the carving," in allusion to his position at the table when dispensing the hospitalities of the cabin ; but on special occasions he gave him the full Fijian title conferred upon him in the islands of "Turanga Kete Lib," or, as we should say in English, "Sir Big Belly." Cakobau spoke of getting a new set of teeth as one of the benefits he would gain by his visit to Sydney. When we were caught in a gale the Vunivalu saw bad weather at sea for the first time. He was a little bit nervous when the gale struck the ship, but he was soon reassured when he saw everyone make light of it. The operation of taking a double reef in the foretopsail, under the direction of Mr. Ducat, the first lieutenant, while the spray swept acrosas the deck amidships like a muslin veil, was full of interest for him. He wished more sail to be taken in than was considered neces- sary, but finally said he supposed he should be used to strong winds before he reached Sydney, just as other people in the ship were. A double canoe, even the Ra Marama, which carries 300 men, would have had no chance, he considered, in such weather. He after- wards admitted that he had not taken the captain's word for it that there was no danger, but that having consulted all the principal officers in turn, and received pre- cisely the same answer, he knew that the truth had been told him. Cakobau was at all times anxious to gain information about the armaments of different nations and their various fighting capacities. Joe (one of his sons who accompanied him) having once spent a fortnight in an American ship of war, where he heard some tall talk, was prodi- piously impressed with the power of Brother Jonathan. The captain told him one day that the reason he thought so much of the Americans was that they had compelled his father to pay a fine of £9,000. " Yes," said Joe, "and they can make you pay money too, as in the case of the Alabama claims." Upon nearing Norfolk Island, Cakobau asked many questions about the origin of the present settlement there, and was greatly interested in the romantic history of the Pitcairners. All the wind having died away, steam was got up at 3 o'clock one morning, and by way of amusing the Vunivalu, he was sent for to start the engines. He jumped out of bed with all the alacrity a schoolboy might have been expected to display on such an occasion. When the old chief had set the engines going, and saw the wonderful power of the complex machinery, working with as much regularity as though it were endowed with human intelligence, he turned to the interpreter and said - " Well, you know, the Almighty must have shown them (the white men) how to make all this. They could never have found it out themselves." We anchored off Norfolk Island on the morn- ing of Sunday, November 22. The islanders had often heard of Cakobau Rex, though they had never expected to see him, and his presence greatly astonished them. They were chiefly struck with his size, there being no big men in their own commu- nity. The Fijian chaplain walked up to the Melanesian Mission Station with some of the ship's company. The South Sea Island students there, believing that Cakobau had come, flocked round him in crowds, gesticulating wildly and shouting at the top of their voices. They were much disap- pointed on learning that their visitor was not the ex-King. In the afternoon Cakobau rode out in the first land conveyance he had been in. He was accompanied by his son, Captain Chapman, and some of the Pitcairn Islanders. The vehicle was a sort of dog- cart, the only one belonging to the settle- ment, and the grandeur of the turn out was greatly enhanced by the proud bearing of the captain's coxswain, who, as outrider, bestrode a horse in the most picturesque attitude at his command. On one of the ship's com- pany asking a Fijian servant what had be- come of his master, he answered, "He has gone away in a boat drawn by a four-legged animal." When the vehicle reached rough and hilly ground the Vunivalu remarked to his companions in nautical metaphor that they were making heavy wea- ther of it, and that the motion was worse than the rolling of the Dido. The settlers presented him with larkspurs, carnations, and other bright flowers, which he fixed as ornaments in his hair in Fijian fashion. On the following day, when half of the Pit- cairners came off to the ship, and there was some dancing on the deck, the old warrior rapidly made friends among the visitors, though many of them were at first afraid of him, and he tickled some of the young ladies in the ribs with much affectionateness of manner. Three days after leaving Norfork Island the ship was caught in on exceptionally heavy gale. The hatches had to be battened down, and a boat was washed away in spite of all that could be done to save it. It was found necessary to secure the ex-King's house on deck with additional lashings, lest it should carry away, and its most distin- guished occupant several times expressed a fear that the vessel would founder. He pre- served his customary cheerfulness, however and appeared to derive consolation from the fact that if the vessel were swamped by some of the green seas she took on board he would not be the only man that would be drowned. Early on the afternoon of Sunday Novem- ber 29, we made the coast of New South Wales a little to the southward of Port Jack- son. The Vunivalu, seated on a chair on the bridge telescope in hand, carefully scanned the extensive coast line which gradually came into view. He at once noticed that the conspicuous tree which stands on the cliff at the back of Watson's Bay was a Norfolk Island pine. When asked if he did not think the land we were approaching was larger than Viti Levu, the principal island in Fiji, he answered guardedly, seeing none of the hills which always denotes the extent of a Fijian island, "It is rather long, but I do not think it is very broad." When he saw the beauties of Sydney harbour at a glance from the tower of Government-house, he exclaimed in admiration. "This country was evidently made for the white men. They can bring their ships up to their very doors." Before he had been two days in Sydney he was quite dazed with the multiplicity of new things he met at every turn, and was unable to speak much of them for want of objects to compare them with in his own country. On the voyage up he asked Captain Chapman to make him a present of the deck- house in which he slept, that he might erect it at Bau on his return to Fiji, and keep it as a perpetual reminder of his pleasant cruise in the "Tighto," as he always called the ship, without intending the slightest disre- spect. He also frequently expressed a strong desire to be brought over to Melbourne in the Dido, adding that when he had seen Sydney and Melbourne he should be ready to go back to Fiji and die. The arrangements, however, did not admit of the ex-King visiting Melbourne, where preparations had been made to award him a cordial reception. Cakobou's career has been a very remarkable one. For 40 years he was one of the worst cannibals of whom history has any record ; yet he has led a consistent life according to his lights, and he was a can- nibal only so long as he considered it hon- ourable to be one. Since his adoption of the Christian faith in 1855, he was fully acted up to his professions. He is a man who has always had the welfare of his people at heart, and at his present advanced age he has still a desire to acquire .knowledge which he may turn to the advantage of the Fijians. No one can be long in contact with Cakobau without feeling that there is much that is good in him, and that there are few savages in the world who, having lived his life, could end it as creditably us the ex-King of Fiji promises to end his. On the 15th December, a banquet was given in Sydney to His Excellency the Governor in celebration of the annexation of the Fiji Islands to the British Empire. We are in- debted to the Sydney Morning Herald for a report of the proceedings. Besides the guests, numbering 120, there were also present the Vunivalu, ex-King of Fiji, and his two sons, Ratu Timoci and Ratu Joe, who were dressed in the costume of the islands, and attracted a good deal of interest and attention while the company were awaiting the summons to the diningroom. The Hon. John Hay (Pre- sident of the Legislative Council) occupied the chair, having on his right the guest of the evening and the Hon. Henry Parkes (Chief Secretary), and on his left the Vuni- valu, and the ex-King's chaplain. The Hon. J. L. Montefiore occupied the vice- chair. In response to the toast of his health, Sir Hercules Robinson, after some preliminary remarks, said :- "I am very glad to have this opportunity of publicly acknowledging how much the success of my recent mission to Fiji is attributable to the skilful preparation of the ground by those who preceded me, and the good qualities of those with whom I had to deal (Loud applause.) The labours of the late commissioners - my friends Com- modore Goodenough and Mr. Layard - (ap- plause) - extending over five months, have not yet, I think, received the appreciation they deserve. The object for which they were undertaken was, no doubt, temporarily de- layed, but that cannot, I think, detract in any way from the merits of those to whose exer- tions we are indebted for the very complete information as to Fiji which we now possess. (Hear, hear.) It must be borne in mind that matters in Fiji at the time of the visit of the commissioners were scarcely ripe for an unconditional cession of the country. Influ- ential persons connected with that Govern- ment had got an idea into their heads that the islands were coveted by England as Naboth's vineyard was by Ahab of old, and that we should be willing to make almost any sacrifice to obtain the object upon which we had set our hearts. They seemed to think they had only to open their mouths wide enough and we should instantly jump down their throats, and it was not until the conditions proposed to the commissioners had been peremptorily declined by the Im- perial Government that these persons awoke to a true sense of the situation. Besides, the commissioners were only directed to inquire and report to the home Government, and were therefore not in a position to bring negotiations to a conclusion as if they had been armed with plenary power. (Hear, hear.) They, however, produced a report which, to my mind, displays great ability and research. (Hear, hear.) I know it was of the greatest possible help to me in the prosecu- tion of the mission with which I was entrusted, and I am confident that it will be for years to come the text-book to which successful reference can be made by any one requiring information as to the climate, re- sources, native customs, and past political history of the new colony. ( Applause.) In- deed I can only say that I often felt almost ashamed during the progress of my negotia- tions of the extent to which I was profiting by the result of the labour of those who pre- ceded me. You, many of you, I dare say, have seen what a good man the commodore is across country. (Hear, hear.) Well, I felt, when I was in Fiji, as if I were riding after him over a stiff country, and that he, having broken the top rails, I was triumph- antly galloping through the gaps. (Laughter and cheers.) But it is not only to the labours of the commission that much of the success of my mission is due. I must not forget to acknowledge also the good qualities displayed by the rulers of the people. Foremost amongst these in influence, and in those chief-like qualities which ennoble the possessor, be he black or white. I must place the man who is now sit- ting near me, and who is one of your prin- cipal guests here this evening. (Loud and continued applause.) Now, it was too much the fashion I think for our own countrymen of a certain class, with little knowledge of the world, and limited educational advantages - to divide the human race into two sections - civilised Englishmen and benighted savages. They seem to think that nobility of mind is confined to being of their own colour ; and they frequently overlook the obvious truth that savage virtues are at all events prefer- able to the vices of civilisation. I remember once hearing rather an amusing illustration of this. An English missionary, on his return from China, landed in London at the East India Docks. He engaged a cab to convey himself and his family to their lodg- ings. He went himself on the box beside the driver, and cabby, when he found his fare had just come from China, asked innumerable questions as to the manners and habits, and customs of the people of that country. The replies he received ap- peared to leave him in some perplexity as to the precise rank in the scale of civilisation which the Chinese were entitled to occupy ; and at last he turned to the missionary with what, doubtless, appeared to him a crucial test. He said, "Now tell me, sir, are they really a civilised-like people in them there parts ? Do they take their gin of a morn- ing ?" (Loud laughter.) Now, to those who view all native races from this elevated "gin- in-the-morning" standpoint, your guest of this evening may, perhaps, fall short of their high standard. (Hear, hear.) But I must in justice say, that throughout the late negotiations Cakobau displayed a disin- terested anxiety for the good of those who looked to him for protection which would have done honour to the most enlightened European. His opinions were expressed with a precision and illustrated with an apt- ness which showed great natural intelli- gence and perception of character, whilst there can be no doubt that the sound judgment which he was able to bring to bear upon the practical solution of the difficulty, and his downright honesty of purpose con- duced largely to the success of my mission. (Applause.) And now that we have accom- plished the annexation of Fiji, let me glance for a moment at the results which are likely to accrue to Australia and to the empire at large from such an acquisition. Opinions at home may and do differ as to whether addi- tions to our vast empire are, in the abstract, desirable, or the reverse. But matters at Fiji had been allowed to advance beyond the point at which they could be disposed of by the application of any mere doctrinaire prin- ciples. A large number of British subjects had settled in the islands - some for the legitimate purpose of agriculture and trade, others for the less legitimate object of escap- ing from their creditors and dupoes. (Hear, hear.) No effectual steps were taken in time to control these men, and to protect the native interests of the country from their de- predations, until at last annexation became a simple duty, as the only practicable means of escape from evils for which Great Britain might justly be expected to provide a remedy. Most people who have carefully reflected on the subject will, I think, concur in the opinion recently expressed by Lord Derby, that, as a general rule, "England has al- ready black subjects enough." But this was a special case, in which the path of duty was clear, and all other considerations were in consequence ignored. I trust, therefore, that a step which has been adopted from such purely conscientious motives may not be without its reward, and that the course which the Imperial Government has adopted in this matter may be justified by subse- quent events (Cheers.) For myself, I be- lieve that the result of the acquisition of Fiji will be considerable both to these colonies and, indirectly, to the mother country ; but I think there is sometimes much misapprehension in the minds of en- thusiastic persons as to the possible future of these beautiful islands. It must be re- membered that they are within 15 degrees of the equator, and that, although comparatively healthy, the conditions inseparable from a tropical climate are unfriendly to European life, and prohibit the employment of white labour. It must not be overlooked, there- fore, that under the most favourable circum- stances Fiji can only become a colony some- what similar to Ceylon, or Java, or the Mauritius, producing tropical products by means of black labour, under white super- vision and superintendence. Under no cir- cumstances can the place develope like Australia, or New Zealand, or North America, into a permanent home for the Anglo-Saxon race. The bulk of the community can never be people speaking the English language, but must be composed of Orientals of some description, as they alone are capable of labouring and living under the vertical rays of a tropical sun. Still, although Fiji may never be anything but a tropical colony, I think that the acquisition of the place is likely to prove of considerable advantage to these great English communities which are so rapidly growing up in the Australasian seas. (Hear, hear.) In the first place, if such an Alsatia had re- mained open at our doors, these colonies would have been indirectly exposed to an endless series of trading and kidnapping scandals, which they would have been power- less to repress. Again, it might have proved very inconvenient to Australia, if Fiji, with its unrivalled harbours, had fallen into the hands of any foreign power (Hear, hear.) As it is, we have secured a position in the South Pacific, in the great highway between Australia and America, which is sure to be found a most convenient naval station for our own ships of war. Fiji will also prove a valuable coaling link in the chain of steam communication which has now I trust been permanently established between Sydney and San Francisco. (Loud Cheers.) Whilst as regards the place itself, it has been saved by annexation from a bloody struggle, and under the new régime that sense of security will spring up which is in- dispensable as a foundation for enterprise and prosperity. (Applause.) The islands are unsurpassed in fertility, and are capable of yielding tropical and semitropical products in great variety - such as sugar, cotton, maize, rice coffee, tobacco, fibre, and the varied products of the cocoanut palm. Under such conditions capital will assuredly flow into the islands, attracted by the prospect of profitable investment. The value of property will increase. The great natural resources of the country will be developed. Fresh markets will be open to trade. And the group, from its position, will become a centre from whence the blessings of Christianity and civilisation will radiate through the almost numberless surrounding islands of the South Pacific. (Cheers.) It is impos- sible not to see that the vista thus opening at Fiji may possibly extend to the utmost limits of Polynesia. The facilities offering to industry and enterprise through- out that vast region are certain sooner or later to be availed of ; and as the islands of the Pacific are opened up the funds for their development will flow from Australia, and their tradal relations will be with these colonies. The next hundred years, there- fore, may perhaps produce in the Soutlh Pacific unimagined changes which will fill the world with wonder. (Cheers.) What a flood of light, and what an array of stupen- dous events, have changed the character of the world since 1774. Would Lord North know England, or George Washington know America now ? (Hear, hear.) And in these Southern seas it is possible that the British nation may yet put on a new form, and amaze mankind with new developments. (Loud cheers.) It is in view, therefore, of what lies beyond Fiji, and in connexion with probable Australian progress, that I think the treatment of the whole question of Polynesian development is worthy of the highest capacity for statesmenship. (Hear, hear.) But, gentlemen, this is a topic which is beyond the compass of an after-dinner speech, and I will therefore conclude with the expression of a hope that the beautiful group of islands which have just been an- nexed to the British Crown may advance and prosper, and may in time form no inconsider- able or unworthy addition to the younger Britain which is now so rapidly growing into maturity in these seas. Upon the termination of his Excellency's address the company rose from their seats and gave enthusiastic cheers. The Chairman then proposed the "Vuni- valu, ex-King of Fiji." (Cheers.) The Vunivalu (who was loudly cheered) addressed the company through an inter- preter. He thanked them most heartily for the handsome manner in which they had responded to the toast. (Applause.) Fiji was always tossing about like a ship that was in a bad anchorage. (Applause.) Many white men had gone to Fiji, and they attempted a Government, but were always going, moving about one way and another, and they found it would not answer. (Hear, hear.) After trying their own Government for a long while, Commodore Goodenough and Mr. Layard were appointed by Her Majesty to come and inquire into the affairs of the islands, and hear and see for themselves. In response to a letter which had been written by Mr. Thurston, for the chiefs, offering to cede the islands - (hear, hear) - His Excel- lency Sir Hercules Robinson then came, and by the straightforward manner in which he spoke to them, he gained their confidence immediately - himself and the whole of the chiefs. And they came to the con- clusion that it would be the best they could do to give the islands up uncondi- tionally to Great Britain, having every con- fidence that they would be treated justly. (Hear, hear.) They therefore determined to do so, and they did. Up to that time there was great quarrelling among the whites, and when the Governor went down there it seemed to put a stop to all quarrelling and dissatisfaction. They made up their minds to give Fiji to Great Britain, and now they could see already that they had not made a mistake, and that it was a very good thing (Applause.) After all the business had been settled the Governor left Fiji, and took Ratu Timoci with him. The Governor said he would be very glad to see him (Vunivalu), and asked him to come up. He said he would, and had a most enjoyable trip up in the Dido. (Applause.) His Excellency took great trouble in making him comfortable in every way, and since he had arrived in Sydney he had been round to many places and seen all the wonders the whites had. He had come to the con- clusion that the whites were good, and that their land was good also. (Cheers.) He and the other chiefs in Fiji had been, as it were, blind men, and for himself he might say that he had just come out into the light and begun to see for that hitherto he had been perfectly blind. (Applause.) He could see from what he had already witnessed here that things would prosper in Fiji. Every- thing seemed to go on well, and the great kindness he had received while in Sydney had given him every confidence that the future of the Fijis would be well. He wished all the gentlemen present and chiefs of the white man's country not to forgot Fiji, and do all they could for it, because if they did the place would go ahead. (Applause.) Hitherto Fiji had been as it were a man sleeping out in the cold in the bush without blankets. Now they had lots of blankets as it were, and were very comfortable. He thanked them very much for all they had done for him. (Loud applause.) THE SOUTH SEAS. MASSACRE OF A SHIP'S CREW. The Hobart Town Mercury of the 21st December reports that the brig Wolverine, from Bird Island, has brought the news of a horrible massacre perpetrated by the natives of Howe's Islands upon the captain, officers, and crew of the brig James Birney, of Sydney. The supposed sole survivor of the ship's company is the second officer of the vessel, named William Rhodes, who arrived by the Wolverine. The following is the second officer's narrative :- The brig James Birney left Sydney about the 4th May last, for the purpose of proceeding to the South Sea Islands to collect beche-de-mer. The vessel was commanded by Capt. F. W. Fletcher, whose wife and two children live at Balmain, near Sydney. Mr. Christopher Kelly, of Balmain, a brother-in-law of Capt. Fletcher, was a passenger by the vessel. The following composed the ship's company :- First officer - Joseph Leman, a native of London ; second officer, William Rhodes (the sur- vivor) ; carpenter - John Taylor, a native of Auckland, N.Z. ; steward - Robort McEwan, also a native of Auckland ; able seamen - Hugh Cleland, on of the second engineer of the s.s. City of Hobart ; John Davis, a native of Gloucester, England ; Henry Smythe, a native of Dublin ; a man known as " Charley," and two coloured seamen, one a native of Vanu Lavu, and the other of Banks Group. After leaving Sydney, the brig Ssteered for the Loyalty group of islands, arriving there about the 15th May. The vessel on or about the 26th August arrived at Howe's Group. Stations were at once formed on three islands. The captain super- intended one station, the second mate another and Davis the remaining one. The chief officer, with a good force, remained on board the brig to protect her. The shore parties lived in huts. The most amicable relations existed between the ship's com- pany and the natives of the island, who always appeared without their weapons. The captain gave orders that all the firearms, with the exception of a few weapons, should be left on board the vessel. The captain took the steam launch and a large boat, having with him, besides coloured labourers brought by the vessel, Mr. Kelly, the pas- senger ; and of the crew, Taylor, Smythe, and Cleland. The second officer took a large and a small boat, with a number of coloured labourers also brought in the James Birney, but no white men, Davis, one of the crew in charge of a party of similar natives, took a small boat. These parties proceeded to their respective stations, leaving on board the James Birney the chief officer, the steward, Charley, a seaman, and a dwarf girl, a native of Solomon Islands. Early on the morning of the 10th August the second officer took six of his men into the bush and left them there to cut firewood. The second officer returned to the hut, and the chief came up to Mr. Rhodes and asked him for some "baccy," and the latter went into the hut, and brought out a quantity, which he gave to the chief. Mr. Rhodes then went into the smoke-house. On coming out he was holding a conversation with the chief, when he was suddenly seized from behind and pinioned. At the same time he received several blows. This was the signal for all the native party who were with Mr. Rhodes, except six, seeking safety in flight. They took possession of the small boat and made for the ship. Simultaneously with the seizure of Mr. Rhodes an attack was made on the hut, in which were the six coloured labourers who stuck by Mr. Rhode.s They were received at the door by one of the coloured labourers named Williams, who fired a revolver and killed one of their number. The hostile natives who had charge of Mr. Rhodes left him lying upon the ground, and joined forces with their companions in the assault upon the hut. He succeeded in freeing himself, and made a rush for the hut. He seized a re- volver and a gun and fired their contents upon the hostile party, who retreated towards the bush. Mr. Rhodes and his remaining force of six labourers made for the large boat, and pulled to the ship. On approaching to within a short distance of the vessel they were received by a volley of firearms, and then noticed that the vessel was crowded with natives of the island, who had during the previous night boarded the vessel, surprising and killing the chief officer and his companions. Mr. Rhodes having expended the whole of his ammunition, deemed it prudent to retreat, as a fleet of canoes was bearing down towards the vessel from the direction of the islands on which the captain's and Davis's parties were stationed. He was then joined by the other boat containing the coloured labourers. Both then pulled for a passage running between two of the islands. About 30 canoes containing about 100 men, imme- diately started in chase. The crews of the two boats managed to pull clear of the islands, when the pursuit was abandoned. The crew of the smaller boat were then taken into the larger one, which was steered in the direction oí the Solomon Islands. The boat then contained 17 souls, who were without provisions and water, with the exception of six biscuits. After enduring great privations for five days the voyagers reached the island of Isabel, Solomon Group. The voyagers then worked along the eastern coast of the group, touching at several, but not making any stay for fear of the natives Twenty- two days after leaving the James Birney the boat arrived at Hadda Bay, where the American whaling barque Benjamin Cum- mings was lying. Mr. Rhodes and his com- panions went on board of that vessel, and the captain, when the vessel left a few days afterwards for the Bay of Islands, took them away with him. On her way the vessel called at Stewart's Islands, and while there a native of Honolulu, who had escaped from a captivity amongst the natives of Howe's Island, said he had heard of no less than six vessels being captured by those natives, and their crews massacred. On the 18th ult. the Benjamin Cummings arrived off Bird Island, and there observed the brig Wolverine lying at anchor. Next morning Mr. Rhodes went on board, and asked Cap- tain Walker to give him a passage. The coloured labourers who escaped with Mr. Rhodes from the massacre remained on board the whaler. Mr. Rhodes states that he believes the whole of the members of the parties commanded respectively by Captain Fletcher and by Davis had been attacked and murdered by the natives of the island. CRUISE OF H.M.S. SANDFLY. The Sydney Empire of December 11 gives the following account of the recent cruise of H.M. schooner Sandfly, one gun, Lieutenant Howell, which returned to Port Jackson on the 10th December :- "The Sandfly commenced her cruise on the 2nd July, on which date she cleared Sydney Heads, proceeded to Norfolk Island, thence to Anetium and Havannah harbour, but nothing of importance took place till reaching Tapoua on the 14th September in quest of water. A large number of canoes came off on the 17th, but brought no trade. The natives were very friendly, and offered the crew inducement to go on shore. A watering party landed, being accompanied by some of the natives, and searched for water, but found none. Early in the afternoon, when most of the crew were below, the natives commenced firing arrows at those on deck. Orders were at once given to get ready to repel the attack. A few shots were discharged, and they dis- persed, many taking to the water and desert- mg their canoes, 20 of which were destroyed, and two villages fired. On the 20th Septem- ber the island of Santa Cruz was being ap- proached and extreme caution was exer- cised, as the treacherous and warlike nature of its inhabitants waa known. Canoes fully manned came out to meet the vessel. The largest canoe pulled astern, and made signs for a rope to tow with the schooner. They appeared annoyed at not getting one, and became impatient. At half past 10 a.m. anchored in 14 fathoms, 200 yards from ashore, and inside Carlisle reef. Natives came off in great numbers, many of them bring- ing pigs, cocoanuts, &c.;, which they gave in exchange for articles of trade. Several canoes, however, were well armed, and they began to get very thick round the schooner. It was noticed that the boys were all swimming for the shore, and as ths natives were detected uncovering their bows and arrows, it was thus surmised that they meant mischief. The marines got their rifles on the after-deck, taking care to keep them out of sight. The natives, who thronged the gunwale in great numbers, were becoming noisy and insolent. A blank shot was fired from the ship's gun, but had little effect in frightening them. At a quarter- past 11 a.m. the natives opened fire with poisoned arrows. Lieutenant Howell discharged his revolver at the lead- ing native, and gave the order to his men to commence firing, which the crew responded to with deadly aim. In an instant the natives were panic-stricken. Those on the vessels gunwale either fell or jumped into the sea, many of them dead, others wounded and struggling for the shore. The canoes' crews were so astonished at the effect of the rifle shots that they jumped overboard, and struck out for the shore. During the short time the engagement lasted, about 30 natives were killed ; the ma- jority escaped into the bush. The Sand- fly lowered her boats, and the crews spent the afternoon in destroying all the aban- doned canoes, some of which were very large, and set fire to two of the natives' vil- lages. In the evening hoisted in the boats, and kept a good watch in case of another at- tack. On September 21 proceeded on shore for water, taking a war rocket in the boat, and fired at random into the bush. The watering party managed to get a supply under cover of the rifles of another boat. On the 22nd watering the ship continued, filling the casks. The bush was thick with natives, and a few shots were fired to keep them off. Also threw a shell from the gun on deck. After the boats had left, at a quarter-past 3 p.m., saw the natives at the ruins of their village. One of their number came down to the beach, and fired two arrows at the vessel. In return for this a shell was lodged in their midst, and they at once scampered off for the bush. They were not again visible till the 23rd, when they came on to the beach, but a few rifle shots soon dispersed them. On the 24th left for Havannah har- bour, then went to Cherry Island. The natives of this place were friendly, and were fine stalwart men ; one of them was weighed, and turned 280lb. With regard to the mas- sacre of the Torture (late Lapwing), there are but few additional particulars. A na- tive, and a Mr. Taylor - the master of the cutter - escaped, but the latter died two days afterwards from wounds received. The schooner called at Api Island on the 20th August. At this place a boat's crew of the Zephyr had been murdered and eaten some time since. An attempt was made to got the perpetrators of the crime. As this failed, the village was shelled. When the schooner was leaving Havannah harbour, on the 23rd ult., the loss of the American schooner Hallie Jackson was reported as having taken place at Santo. The crew reached Havannah harbour. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The P. and O. Company's R.M.S.S. Nubia, Captain W. B. Hall, after taking on board her outward mails, gold, specie, and wool, and embarking her passengers, took her depar- ture from Hobson's Bay on the afternoon of the 2nd inst. The P. and O. Company's R.M.S.S. Ceylon reached here on the evening of the 12th inst. with the English, Indian, and China mails. The Normanby, with the Torres Straits English mails via Singapore, reached Sydney on the 18th inst. This steamer afterwards came forward here. The Cyphrenes, with the Californian mails, reached Sydney on the 17th inst. STATE OF TRADE. There is no improvement to report in the trade of the past month, and this is the more noticeable because in the preparation for the holidays and the festive season, so characteristic of the month, the early part of December is usually one of much stir and activity. Not that transactions are of such an extensive nature, but the trade demand is brisk, and this activity is expected to make up in a measure for the stagnation which ushers in the new year and continues throughout the greater part of January. On the present occa- sion, however, complaints of dulness have been most prevalent, and instead of proving one of the busiest, the month has turned out one of the dullest and heaviest of the year. Only a very moderate demand for merchan- dise has been experienced, and though the monotony has been occasionally relieved by an exceptional speculative operation in some specialty which for the moment rose into favour, yet this activity being restricted, as there has not been sufficient elas- ticity in the market to permit of its extension to other articles of produce, the movement has invariably been powerless to impart an improved tone to general business. It was fully anticipated, moreover, that ere this some relaxation in the stringency which has been maintained in the money market would have been conceded, more especially as the advance of the wool season and the float- ing of the Government loan must of necessity have placed our banking insti- tutions in a position to concede the boon. Hitherto, however, the mercantile community have been disappointed in this respect, and owing to the sudden advance on money rates in England, that circum- stance may be made an excuse for withhold- ing the concession for a much longer period than is right or proper ; but with so bountiful a harvest as England has this year been blessed with, the advance in question is looked upon as likely to be only temporary, and ought not to delay any longer the wished for relief here. In commercial circles confi- dence has been wonderfully sustained. It would be folly, however, to shut our eyes to the fact that small failures are still continually occurring in the country districts, the bad effect of which is more or less felt in the city. For the greater part of the year importations have not merely "not paid," but have been the source of positive loss and as competí- tion and over-trading has reduced the profits of the dealers below even what is necessary to cover the actual cost of business, it will be seen that our complaints have not been without reason, and that the year now closed is one that many would wish to forget, but have good cause to remember. A meeting of creditors was held on Monday, the 14th inst., in the estate of Mr. William Strick- land, brewer, Colac. The statement of liabi- lities submitted showed the indebtedness to amount to £6,000, the assets being estimated at within £50 of the liabilities. It was agreed to assign the estate to two of the creditors present. A meeting of creditors was held on Thursday, the 17th, in the estate of Messrs. Squire and Freeman, timber merchants, St. Kilda. The liabilities amount to about £6,000. The assets show a nominal defi- ciency of £700. It was resolved to put the estate in liquidation by arrangement under the act. We last month referred to the action of the Chamber of Commerce in regard to the Mint, and as a further instance of the really useful and practical nature of the subjects to which the chamber directs its attention from time to time, we have much pleasure in noticing this month a movement in regard to the " border duty" question. A sub- committee was appointed to investigate the complained of grievance, whose report was published a short time ago, and we have pleasure in endorsing the conclusion arrived at, and sincerely trust that the recommendations of the committee will be adopted, and that no time will be lost by the Governments of Vic- tona and New South Wales in resuming negotiations for the purpose of establishing a treaty, and if the question is approached in the same spirit as it has been treated by the chamber, and negotiations entered into on the basis laid down in the six propositions which form this report, an amicable arrange- ment will very soon be arrived at, and a question settled which, left as it has been, reflects sadly on the wisdom and common sense of either colony. Business operations during the month, as already stated have not been saving in excep- tional instances, of a marked character. Bulk ales have scarcely been dealt in. In bottled ales and stout some 8,000 cases and barrels of Tennent's and O'Brien's changed hands. To effect these sales, however, a reduction of 10 per cent. on last month's quotations had to be conceded ; a reduction on other brands has also been submitted to, though not to such an extent. In cornsacks, we note the quit- tance of about 800 bales Calcuttas and about 200 balea Dundeea ; the arrival of the Apelles, from Calcutta, with over 1,000 bales is also a feature in this market. Candles have met with a speculative inquiry, and the largest business ever attempted in the market carried through ; some 52,000 cases, al- most the entire quantity now in stock, have been concentrated in one interest. Cements have declined. Coffees are easier. Fish is steady. Dried fruits are lower. Breadstuffs have been without interest. New wheat is just coming in. The only new feature is the arrival of 400 tons from Cali- fornia. New Victorian wheat has come to market but only in trifling parcels as yet. Blasting powder has been more noticed. Hops have been fairly dealt in. Of malt, in addition to ordinary routine sales, some 20,000 bushels have changed hands. Metals have been slow, and oils have been little noticed. Sugars have been dealt in to a fair extent ; the sales agregate 85,900 packages, mats, and bags. Teas have also been largely sold. Tobaccoes, timber, wines, and spirits do not call for any special mention. The arrival of three foreign mail steamers by the various routes was reported within one week a fortnight ago. The steamer Ceylon, from Galle, reached here on the 12th inst., with the Suez mails, bringing dates from London to 30th October. From Calcutta our dates reach to 11th November, from Colombo to 18th November. from Foo-chow to 31st Octo- ber, from Saigon to 8th November. On the 19th, the Normanby, with the Torres Straits mail, arrived at Sydney. Our dates from Batavia reach to 21st November, and from Singapore to 19th November. The Cyphrenes reached Sydney on 18th inst., with dates from New York to 2nd November, and from San Francisco to 6th November. WOOL. The sales have progressed satisfactorily. About 14,900 bales have found buyers in the course of the month, and the prices realised have ranged from 7d. to 1s. 3 7/8d. for greasy, 1s. 2d. to 2s. 6½d. for fleece, and 1s. 4½d. to 22½d. for scoured. STATIONS. Very little has been done in this class of property during the present month. Mr. John George Dougharty reports having sold on account of Messrs. C. S. and A. T. Haley, to Messrs. Lindsay and Martin, the Upper Moira and Yielama stations, in the Murray district, with 31,500 sheep, cattle, horses, stores, and plant. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Exchange on London continues the same as last month. The banks draw 60 days' sight bills at ½ per cent. premium, and buy ½ per cent. below par. Discount rates remain at 7, 8 and 9 per cent. for two, three, and four months bills, while 10 per cent. is charged for overdrafts. Interest is allowed on deposits lodged for 12 months at 5 per cent ; 4 per cent. is allowed on six months' deposits, and 3 per cent. on deposits lodged at three months. STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on 19th December :- Brandy, 8,913½ hhd., 47,198 cases ; rum, 1,072½ hhd., 617 cases ; geneva, 38½ hhd., 30,244 red cases, 3,416 green cases ; whiskey, 773½ hhd., 5,740 cases ; gin (sweetened), 1,164 cases ; cordials, 809 cases ; spirits of wine, 50½ hhd., other spirits, 19 hhd., 7,569 cases ; wine, 4,580½ hhd., 19,008 cases ; beer, 1,662 hhd., 4,580½ cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 492 half- tierces, 1,878 quarter-tierces, 6,466 three-quarter boxes and boxes 4,686 cases ; do. (unmanufactured), 137 hhd. and casks, 128 cases, 780 bales ; candles, 85 chests, 55,099 boxes ; cigars, 1,201 cases ; kero- sene, 131,992 cases ; flour, 184 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 46 packages ; tea, 8,533 chests 714,075lb.), 73,905 half-chests (2,817,577lb.), 44,226 boxes (420,129lb) ; coffee, 1,847 bags, 46 tierces, 348 casks, 498 barrels ; wheat, 152 bags ; sugar - Mauritius, 1,948 bags, 679 pockets ; Java, 7,035 bags, 400 baskets ; 23,038 mats ; Manilla, 44,059 mats ; Réunion, 5,436 bags, 1,752 mats ; other ports, 22,747 bags, 20,202 mats ; other (refinery), 1,964 tons, 84 cases and casks ; opium, 197 packages ; oats, 1,515 bags ; chicory, 164 packages ; hops, 518 pockets ; rice, 67,952 bags ; salt, 8,310 bags ; vinegar, 880 casks, 1,410 cases. IMPORTS AND EXTORTS. The following table gives the imports and exports of the port from the beginning of the year to the 19th inst., as compared with the corresponding period of 1873 :- Week Ending Jan. 8 Jan 10 Jan 17. Jan 24. Jan 31 Feb 7 Feb 14 Feb 21 Feb 28 Mar 7 Mar 14 Mar 21 Mar 28 April 4 April 11 April l8 April 25 May 2 May 9 May 16 May 23 May 30 June 6 June 13 June 20 June 27 July 4 July 11 July 18 July 25 Aug 1 Aug 8 Aug 15 Aug 22 Aug 29 Sep 5 Sep 12 Sep 19 Sep 26 Oct 3 Oct. 10 Oct 17 Oct 24 Oct 31 Nov 7 Nov 14 Nov 21 Nov 28 Dec 5 Dec 12 Dec 19 Totals Imports. 194,374 801,154 306,358 262,292 459,152 403,864 367,278 324,303 285,538 241,487 315,563 131,651 199,710 139,241 128,598 219,057 243,510 356,837 285,801 265,602 211,103 224,025 190,981 165,003 267,943 268,949 257,155 203,498 308,510 356,962 255,738 180,834 126,970 295,019 307,057 292,192 238,519 359,667 356,570 265,273 201,083 301,600 263,017 206,411 225,322 291,213 333,977 268,962 222,052 179,395 302,197 Exports. 241,824 325,087 290,352 287,720 439,627 292,611 376,743 282,238 300,686 261,135 236,344 321,560 289,557 121,189 337,784 318,312 235,045 237,252 280,053 180,700 160,427 248,035 266,429 233,149 162,151 157,269 222,137 189,134 249,833 395,597 402,203 478,666 250,819 346,876 326,161 226,607 216,895 141,261 357,508 312,272 273,549 209,437 259,137 291,469 139,118 251,020 281,018 248,014 220,253 131,403 164,014 13,358,567 13,461,680 13,817,091 14,112, 812 1,105,303 179,486 168,511 120 745 850,975 184,593 221,747 183,019 757,593 172,209 109,082 118,302 455,850 73,029 162,379 116,136 496,599 56,126 41,846 214,825 349,858 109,139 81,905 52,287 479,653 73,316 208,177 57,903 509,028 122,135 32,624 43,347 349,537 87,537 50,522 72,511 409,965 128,813 54,370 101,578 598,570 365,304 87,285 384,601 1,089,118 166,113 458,250 74,361 786,507 356,458 287,964 1874. 587,760 352,841 77,329 409,236 496,461 209,898 193,256 253,373 449,081 157,754 135,508 53,346 1,105,608 68,672 141,426 105,484 702,208 66,658 93,752 195,415 450,608 44,046 136,488 164,468 567,032 75,379 44,992 141,847 391,516 129,395 57,663 204,304 315,765 62,635 59,487 203,282 419,434 79,185 80,372 131,308 528,397 151,607 117,576 315,257 844,406 485,209 247,133 318,521 816,356 205,379 468,696 During the first period the account stood thus :- Imports .. .. .. .. £13,358,567 Exports .. .. .. .. £13,817,091 Balance of exports over imports £458,524 During the second period :- Imports .. .. .. .. £13,461,680 Exports .. .. .. .. £14,112,812 Balance of exports over imports £651,132 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under :- Imports in 1873 £13,358,567 Imports in 1874 £13,461,680 Increase in 1874 £103,113 Exports in 1873 £13,817,091 Exports in 1874 £14,112,812 Increase in 1874 £295,721 PUBLIC COMPANIES. Polynesia Company. - An extraordinary meeting of the shareholders in the Polynesia Company wae held at the company's office, on Friday, December 11. Mr. A. K. Smith was in the chair. A progress report was read from the inspectors appointed at the last general meeting, which was highly condem- natory of the past management of the com- pany'a affairs. The conduct of the late manager, Mr. F. Cook, and of the former board of directors, was strongly censured, and the inspectors recommended that counsel's opinion should be taken as to whether pro- ceedings should be initiated against Mr. Cook and certain late directors, and also to recover a large portion of the company's land which had been, in their opinion, illegally alienated. The principal object for which the meeting had been called was to consider the advisability of voluntarily winding up the company, in order to prevent any judgment creditor from stepping in and obtaining an order for the compulsory sequestration of the company's estate. After some discussion, the meeting adjourned until the following Tuesday, when it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Butters, that the affairs of the company should be carried on by the present directory, with instructions to use all due diligence in bringing matters to a satisfac- tory issue as speedily as possible. Riverina Meat-preserving Company. - An extraordinary general meeting of the share- holders in the Riverina Meat preserving Company was held at Messrs. Dalgety, Black- wood, and Co.'s office, on Tuesday, Decem- ber 22. Mr. James Blackwood occupied the chair. The meeting had been called to con- sider the present financial state of the com- pany. It was explained that there was a debt of £3,200 due to the Bank of Victoria, and altogether the liabilities of the company amounted to £11,500, against which could be placed the tin plates (over which liens were held) worth £4,100 and sundries £100, the result of the whole being that, taking the liabilities and the assets at a fair market value, there was a deficiency of £3,500 against the company. Against this the company had the works, which cost £6,000 the pre- mises altogether costing £8,000, though, as regarded their relation to the liabilities, the question really was how much the whole works were worth now. The paid-up capital of the company amounted to £10,995, and there were 1,909 shares unallotted, the amount paid up being £5 a share on the shares taken up. There remained nearly £10,000 worth of unallotted shares, but it waa not considered likely, in the present state of the market, that these would be taken up. After a short discussion it was resolved, that in the event of the direc- tors not being able to come to terms with the Bank of Victoria concerning the debt due to the bank by the company, the direc- tors should be authorised to let the works, or failing that, to take steps for the winding- up of the company. Ladies' Sericultural Society. - The half- yearly meeting of the shareholders in this company was held at the Town-hall on Tuesday, December 22. Sir George Verdon was in the chair. The report showed that owing to unpropitious weather the season had not been a good one for the company's operations. The mulberry trees planted at the company's farm at Mount Macedon were, however, doing extremely well. The balance- sheet showed that there was the sum of £259 12s. 4d. to the credit of the company, and it was explained that since the accounts had been made up this balance had been in- creased by the sum of £135. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and after trans- acting some other business the meeting ad- journed. MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co. report :- Wool. - The auction sales held during the month have been well attended, and a larger quantity than usual has been offered and sold, 39,424 bales having been catalogued, and about 26,300 bales sold since the departure of last mail. The unfavourable telegrams received early in the month, reporting the close of the November and December sales in London at a decline of 1d. to 3d. per lb. on inferior and faulty sorts, also at a propor- tionate reduction on other descriptions, had a depress- ing effect in this market, and since then a lower range of prices has ruled. This reduction has been chiefly noticeable in inferior to ordinary sorts and small lots, though even the best clips have participated to some extent. Altogether we should quote prices 1d. to 1½d. lower during the past three weeks. At these altered values a fair amount of business has been transacted, as the growers generally prefer to sell in the colony at current quotations rather than incur the chances of shipment to a distant market.. Thoe demand for America may be considered almost over, most of the buyers from that country having left Melbourne for New Zealand, owing to the class of wools now coming forward in this market being, with a few exceptions, unsuitable for their requirements. Altogether they have, from the commencement of the season to this date, bought and shipped, from Mel- bourne, about 19,000 bales direct for American con- sumption, and they have secured a large proportion of our best greasy clips ; indeed, their purchases have been restricted almost entirely to the choicest flocks. Their competition for these enhanced the value of other sorts, and, whilst their operations were being actively sustained, the sale of all descriptions was to a certain extent simulated. A large proportion of the lots brought forward during the past few weeks have been small parcels from farmers, many of them new beginners with sheep. These clips have in many instances been in- differently got up, and otherwise, in inferior condition and unsuitable for shipment, consequently the range of prices obtained for them has generally been under the average. They have been principally bought by fellmongers for sorting and scouring, previous to being exported. We look for a great improvement in the value of these lots, when the growers have gained more experience in classing[?] and skirting, and possess better appliances for washing. At present it is diffi- cult to make them understand why their clips do not realise prices equal to large flocks which have been carefully bred and culled for years past and which are sent to market in the best order for the manufac- turer. The usual sales have not been held this week, owing to the holidays, but they will be resumed next week. The warehouses are well filled, and considerable quan- tities will be offered during the coming month, after which the season will be nearly over. A late telegram from London announces that the February sales will not commence until the 23rd of that month ; consequently an unusually large propor- tion of the Australian clip will be offered at the first sales of the year. Freights to London continue at ½d. per lb. for un- washed, and 5/8d. for washed. The following ships have cleared during the month with wool onboard :- December 1, British Monarch, from Melbourne to London, 4,913 bales ; December 3, Nubia s.s., from Melbourne to London, 1,420 bales ; December 3, Lord Warden, from Melbourne to Lon- don, 4,303 bales ; December 4, John o' Gaunt, from Melbourne to London, 6,855 bales ; December 5, Northumberland, s.s., from Melbourne to London, 4,072 bales ; December 8, Rodney, from Melbourne to London, 4,955 bales ; December 21, Grecian, from Melbourne to London, 6,027 bales ; De- cember 24, Evelyn, from Melbourne to London, 5,181 bales ; December 24, Norna, from Melbourne to London, 4,667 bales ; December 24, Ben Ledi, from Melbourne to London, 5,093 bales, December 14, Altcar, from Geelong to London, 6,644 bales, Decem- ber 14, Erato, from Geelong to London, 6,391 bales ; December 17, Queen of .Nations, from Geelong to London, 3,604 bales ; December 14, Star Queen, from Melbourne to Boston, U S , 1,409 bales, December 19, S. D. Carleton, from Melbourne to New York, U.S., 4,550 bales ; December 21, Robert Kelly, from Mel- bourne to Boston, U.S., 3,874 bales. Total, 73,958 bales. Add previous clearances, 113,762 bales. Total October 1 to date, 187,720 bales. The Canny Scot is loading for Boston, U.S., and will take about 1,950 bales. This cargo will probably be the last for America from Melbourne this season. Prices Current. - Greasy - Inferior, 7½d. to 9d. ; ordinary to average, 10d. to 11d. ; good to superior, 1s. to 1s. 3d. Fleece, washed - Inferior, 1s. 3d. to 1s. 6d. ; ordinary to average, 1s. 7d. to 1s. 9d. ; average to good, 1s. 9d. to 2s. ; superior, 2s. to 2s. 4d. Scoured - Inferior, 1s. 4d. to 1s. 6d. ; ordinary, 1s. 6d. to 1s. 8d. ; middling to good, 1s. 8d. to 1s. 11d. ; superior, 1s. 11d. to 2s. 2d. Sheepskins. - The regular auction sales held during the month have been well supported by the fellmon- gers and shippers, all the skins offered finding ready purchasers it about late rates. Very few full-woolled skins are being sent forward, but they may be quoted nominally from 4s. to 6s. 6d each. Pelts are worth from 1s. to 2s. 3d. each ; lambskins, 2s. to 3s. each ; and station skins, 5d. to 8d. per lb. The shipments for the month are - Dec. 1, British Monarch, Mel- bourne for London, 153 bales ; December 8, Rodney, Melbourne for London, 47 bales ; December 17, Queen of Nations, Geelong for London, 17 bales ; December 24, Ben Ledi, Melbourne for London, 16 bales , Decem- ber 24, Norna, Melbourne to London, 257 bales ; total, 490 bales. Hides are in good request, and we have disposed of a large supply for local tanning at the following quotations, viz. :- Ox-hides, 22s. to 32s. 6d. each ; cow- hides, 14s. 6d. to 21s. 6d. each, ; Victorian salted, 4½d. to 5d. per lb., and New Zealand, 5d. to 5½d. per lb. There is a fair prospect of this market remaining steady at present priccs. Kangaroo Skins. - The inquiry for this article con- tinues active, and large- sized skins in good condition are worth up to 13½d. per lb. Small sizes realise from 8d. to 10d. per lb. Tallow. - During the month we have held four auc- tion sales, and sold 1,485 casks of all descriptions, at a slight reduction on last month's prices, attributable to the increased rate of freight to London. We quote \- Mutton, from £31 to £33 ; beef, £30 to £31, and mixed, £26 to £30 per ton. Most of the large parcels are purchased for shipment to London, the quantity taken for local consumption being smaller than usual. The clearances are - December 1, British Monarch, Melbourne for London, 693 casks ; December 3, Lord Warden, Melbourne for London, 476 casks ; December 8, Rodney, Melbourne for London, 454 casks ; Decem- ber 14, Altcar, Geelong for London, 20 casks ; Decem ber 21, Grecian, Melbourne for London, 394 casks ; December 24, Evelyn, Melbourne for London, 337 casks ; December 24, Norna, Melbourne for London, 120 casks ; total, 2,494 casks. Freight to London may be quoted from 60s. to 70s. per ton. Preserved Meats. - Some of the factories continue in operation, although only on a limited scale, as fat stock has not sustained any further decline in value. The shipments (all for London) are as follow :- December 1, British Monarch, 1,000 cases ; December 3, Lord Warden, 1,750 cases ; December 5, Northum- berland, 500 cases ; December 8, Rodney, 365 cases ; December 21, Grecian, 499 cases ; December 24, Ben Ledi, 1,000 cases ; December 24, Norna, 450 cases. Total, 5,564 cases. SUMMARY SALES OF WOOL THIS MONTH. R. Goldsbrough and Co., Melbourne .. ., Hastings Cuningham & Co. J. H. Clough and Co. M. Synnot. D. Melville and Co. C. J. Dennys and Co., Gee- long George Synnot and Co. .. Guthrie, Bullock, and Co. Mellish, Vines, and Co. Buckland and Burnett Sales. 39 Bales Cata- logued. 17,984 11,761 8,430 5,950 1,603 1,486 3,170 1,979 4,716 2,557 874 737 836 731 39,424 26,315 Messrs. HASTINGS CUNINGHAM and Co. report. - "Wool. - During the past month there was no cessa- tion in the arrival of wool from all districts, and an unprecedented amount of business has been transacted up to the 23rd inst., when an interruption occurred in consequence of the Christmas and New Year's holidays. Nineteen sales have been held in Melbourne, at which 29,200 bales were offered, and 20,030 bales sold. In Geelong 10,210 bales have been brought forward, and 6,280 bales disposed off. At the beginning of the month there was a dulness in the tone of the market, but during the post fortnight prices have somewhat recovered, and may be quoted about the same as ruled at departure of last mail. Greasy sorts, suit- able for America, have been in demand, and com- manded fair rates. The supplies for this market are now all forward, and buyers have left for New Zea- land. A comparison of exports for this season will show a large increase to date upon those of previous years, and as the bulk of the wool is now received in town or in transit, we shall probably in our next report advise a close of the season. Business will be recommenced on or about the 6th prox. In the meantime we quote as follows :- Greasy - Inferior to medium, 7d. to 9d. per lb. ; medium to good, 9½d. to 11d. ; good to superior, 11½d. to 14d. Scoured - Inferior to medium, 14d. to 16d. per lb ; medium to good, 16½d. to 20d. ; good to superior, 21d. to 24d. Fleece - Inferior to medium 17d. to 19d. per lb ; medium to good, 19½d. to 22d. ; good to superior, 23d. to 26d. Freights are obtainable at 5/8d. for washed and ½d. for greasy. Rates for undumped are 1/8d. higher. The shipments since last report are as follow :- For London, from Hobson's Bay - John o'Gaunt, 6,856 bales, cleared Nov. 21 ; British Monarch, 4,920 bales, cleared Dec 1 ; Lord Warden, 4,303 bales, cleared Dec. 3 ; Northumberland, 4,049 bales, cleared Dec. 5 ; Rodney, 4,955 bales, cleared Dec. 8, Grecian, 6,027 bales, cleared Dec. 21 ; Norna, 4,667 bales, cleared Dec. 23 ; Ben Ledi, 5,093 bales, cleared Dec. 23 ; Evelvn, 5,181 bales, cleared Dec. 24. From Geelong - Altcar, 6,644 bales cleared Dec. 14 ; Erato, 6,391 bales, cleared Dec. 14, Queen or Nations, 3,603 bales, cleared Dec. 17. Exports for London, 62,688 bales ; previously reported 109,509 bales ; total exports for London, 172,197 bales. For America - Star Queen, Boston, 1,409 bales, cleared Dec. 14 ; Robert Kelly, do., 3,874 bales, cleared Dec. 21 ; S. D. Carleton, for New York, 4,550 bales. Exports for America, 9,833 bales ; previously reported, 7,315 bales ; total, 17,148 bales. Total shipments from Oct. 1, 1874, to Dec. 24, 189,345 bales. Corresponding period 1873, 147,962 bales ; do. do. 1872, 130,462 do. ; do. do. 1871, 139,392 do. ; do. do. 1870, 102,975 do. ; do. do. 1869, 123,587 do. ; do. do. 1868,, 136,009 do. ; do. do. 1867, 93,006 do. ; do. do. 1866, 85,887 do. The following vessels are loading, and will probably carry — Ben Cruachin 5,500 bales, Canny Scot 1,950, Sarah Grice 5,000, Great Queensland 8,000, Shannon 4,000, Cambridgeshire 6,000, Sobraon 5,000, British Nation 5,300, City of Florence 5,600, Lincolnshire 3,500, Fleur-de-Lis 4,000. Sheepskins. - Since our last monthly circular the market has been less active, and prices are easier. Butchers' green skins are now selling at from 4s. to 5s. 6d. each ; dry station skins, from 4d. to 7½d. per lb. Fresh pelts find ready sale at from 1s. to 2s. 6d. each. Hides. - Our sales have been well attended by the trade, and good competition has been maintained. Large quantities were disposed of at satisfactory rates, quotations being, for butchers' green oxhides, 26s. to 32s. each, cowhides, 18s. to 23s. each ; salted Victorian, 4½d. to 5d. per lb ; and New Zealand, 5d. to 5½d. per lb. ; calfskins are worth from 6d. to 7½d. per lb. The shipments of leather amount to 290 bales. Tallow. - This article shows no improvement in value, buyers for shipment operating only to a limited extent, and the local manufacturers being fully supplied. We quote - Mutton, £30 to £32 per ton ; beef, £29 to £30 ; mixed, £27 to £31 per ton. Exports for the months are 2,394 casks. Kangaroo skins inquired for, and are saleable up to 12½d. per lb. for large and good conditioned skins. Bark. - The high prices recently obtained for this produce has attracted a fair supply, and the market is steady at the following rates :- Bundled, from £4 to £4 10s. per ton, and ground £5 to £5 10s. per ton." Messrs. J. H. CLOUGH and Co. report :- "Wool. - Our last report was per Nubia, on the 2nd inst., since which time the arrivals of wool in town have continued in large quantities. The public sales have been largely supplied, and well attended both by buyers and shippers. Nineteen sales have been held, at which 29,226 bales have been offered, and over 20,000 bales sold in this market, in addition to 10,210 bales offered, and 6,283 bales sold in Geelong, since the departure of last mail. During the month there has been a marked decline in the current rates ruling in this market. The withdrawal of the American competition by the filling up of the orders for that market affected prices of all superior clips in grease, and shortly after, the very adverse advices received of the closing of the London sales at a reduction of 1d. to 3d. per lb., the latter being on faulty and low wools, had a corresponding influence on these descriptions. The condition of the clip has turned out fully up to the most sanguin expec- tations, the northern district wools, principally shorn the high prices which have been paid for them in this market, reaching from 14d. to 16d. per lb in grease, while the washed clips of the later districts nearer town have, in many cases, exhibited very great care in their getting up, and prices realised have been for such up to 2s. 6d. per lb and over. The attention of American and continental consumers and wool staplers is being yearly more strongly attracted to this market, increased and improved telegraphic and other communication bringing us into nearer contact, and with the consequent enhanced competition there can be no doubt that the producers who are availing themselves of the advantages of this market for the sale of their clips, will be largely increased, and more wool each succeeding year change hands here. A notable instance of the benefit arising from realisation here is shown in the fact that clips for which a higher rate of freight was paid for Great Britain, to secure an early London market, scarcely ruled as high in London as similar wools fetched here. In addition to the clearances direct for America, up to the date of our last report, of 7,320 bales, the following ships have sailed, viz. :- December 15, Star Queen. 1,409 bales ; December 22, Robt. Kelly, 3,674 bales ; making 12,603 bales. The S. D. Carleton and Canny Scot will take about 5,500 bales in addition for the United States. During the month the clearances for London have been ; \- December 2, British Monarch, with 4,913 bales ; December 2, Lord Warden, 4,306 bales ; December 2, Nubia, R.M.S., 1,421 bales ; December 2, John O'Gaunt (November 21, first clearance, 6,414 bales, additional 496 bales), 6,910 bales ; December 7, Northumberland, s.s., 4,072 bales ; December 9, Rodney, 4,962 bales ; December 22, Grecian, 6,080 bales ; December 26, Evelyn, 5,062 bales. Total, 37,676 bales. Add pre- vious shipments from 1st October, 113,762 bales. Total, 151,438 bales. In addition to which there is a large quantity of wool afloat in the bay in vessels shortly about to sail. From Geelong have cleared - December 15, the Altcar, with 6,644 bales ; Decem- ber 15, Queen of Nations, 3,604 bales ; December 15, Erato, 5,360 bales ; together, 15,608 bales, making a total of 167,046 bales, besides other vessels also loading at that port. Rates of freight, ½d. to 5/8d. and ¾d. per lb. Prices now current may be quoted as follows, viz. :- Greasy - Inferior, 6½d. to 9d. ; ordinary to good, 9½d. to 11d. ; good to superior, 12d. to 15d. Fleece - Inferior, 14½d. to 17d. ; ordinary to average, 17½d. to 20d. ; aver- age to good, 21d. to 23d. ; superior, 21d. to 30d. Sheepskins. - During the month the usual sales have been held, and an average supply has been disposed of, the market showing some few fluctuations in prices. The present rates for butchers' green skins are, for full-woolled, 4s. to 6s. ; pelts, 9d. to 2s. each ; and dry station skins, 6d. to 8d. per lb. Hides. - The market this month has been firm, and all coming for- ward have been readily cleared by the local tanners at the following rates, viz. - For green ox, 22s. to 32s. ; cow, 16s. to 22s. each ; Victorian wet-salted, 4½d. to 5d. ; New Zealand, 5d. to 5½d. ; kips, 5d. to 6d. ; and calfskins, 6½d. to 7d. per lb. Tallow. - There has not been so much business doing for shipment this month as usual, principally in consequence of the scarcity and increased rates of freight. Our sales have been at the following prices, viz. - For inferior, £25 to £27 ; mixed, £28 to £31, beef, £30 to £31 ; and mutton, £32 to £33 per ton. Leather - We have held our usual weekly sales, and have disposed of a large quantity of various kinds, at for crop, 10½d. to 11½d. ; kip, 1s. 8d. to 2s. ; calf, 2s. 4d. to 3s. 11d. ; brown kangaroo, 2s. to 2s. 5d. ; waxed kangaroo, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 7d. ; wallaby, 2s. 6d. to 3s. ; and harness, 12½d. to 14d. per lb ; and basils, 5s. to 15s. per dozen. Kangaroo Skins. - During the month we have disposed of a considerable number, at for small sizes, 7d. to 9d. ; medium 10d. to 11d. ; and large sizes, 12d. to 13d. per lb. Mimosa Bark. - This article has been in very short supply for some time past. We have sold, bundled, at £4 10s. to £?? and ground, at £6 10s. per ton." REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The business of the past month has been of mode- rate extent. The most noticeable event during the early portion was the heavy fall, amounting to a panic, in the South Garden Gully, Companies. The fall has since been partially recovered, and most of the com- panies on the line close in fair request. Should the Gordon's, Londonderry Tribute, or Cosmopolitan, strike payable stone soon, a very large advance in prices would doubtless be quickly established. The Garden Gully United continues to yield well, and the Pandora crushing, has proved payable. The Johnson's have completed purchase of Walker's claim, and taken possession, so that large yields are now anticipated. Latham and Watson's have had numerous transactions at rising rates, and close firm, the stone continuing to look rich. Catherine United expect much increased yields soon ; some of the tributes are doing very well. Eaglehawk Union have advanced ; they pay a hand- some dividend. Extended Crown Cross and Newing- ton, after being pressed very low, close in good request. New North Clunes have improved in value. Long Tunnel and Walhalla without change. Debentures dull of sale. Bank shares quiet, except National, which have further advanced. No change of import- ance in gas, insurance, or miscellaneous shares. The Stock Exchange has been closed since the 24th inst., and will not re-open till the 4th proximo. The divi- dends for the month amount to £64,905, as particu- larised below. Debentures. - Victoria Government six per cents., due 1885, have had slight inquiry, and dealt in at £113, closing seller same ; 1883 changed hands at £109 10s. to £110, and had seller at £110 , do. five per cents. had a little inquiry towards close, seller asking £109 ; do. four per cents. inscribed stocks were in the market at £91. Melbourne Gas five per cents. nominal at £101, and Geelong six per cents. at £105 seller. New Zealand four per cents. obtainable about £88, and Queensland four per cents. at £91. New South Wales five per cents. would find buyers about £108 5s. ; no declared seller. Banks. - Australasia in the market at £69. Colonial had a quiet market at slightly easier rates ; sales at £7 17s. 6d. to £7 15s., closing firmer, buyers £7 16s., sellers £7 17s. Commercial opened in active request, and had sales at £5 17s. to £5 17s. 3d. ; afterwards easing, and sold at £5 15s., closing at £5 16s. seller. City of Melbourne dealt in at 30s., and have seller at 31s. Land Mortgage were placed to a limited extent at 55s. 6d. National, Melbourne register, have been in demand during the month at advanced rates, sales to a good extent from £7 2s. 9d. up to £7 5s. 3d., closing firm ; buyers £7 5s., and held for £7 6s. ; do., London register, have had business at £7 2s., and Adelaide register at £7 3s. 6d. London Char- tered were asked for at £29 ; no declared seller. New Zealand had buyers at £18 5s. New South Wales nominal about £53. Australian and European dull of sale, shares being offered at 51s. Oriental in the market at £48. Victoria were inquired for, and changed hands at £53 10s., closing with seller at same. Gas. - Ballarat nominal at £11 7s. 6d., and Bendigo at £6 17s. 6d. sellers. Collingwood had a little inquiry, and sold at £8 18s., closing with sellers at £9, new issue shares offered at £6 7s. 6d. Melbourne had buyers at £5 5s., but closed rather quiet, seller £5 7s. 6d. South Melbourne nominal at 15s. seller, 13s. buyer. Insurance, &c.; \- Australian Alliance without busi- ness and price quito nominal National continue to meet with ready sale, shares changing hands at 5s. to 5s. 3d., and wanted at 5s., with 5s. 6d. asked. Southern have again had fair inquiry, with sales at 13s. 3d., closing 13s. 6d. asked, buyers 13s. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway in the market at £60, and would find buyers about £59. Melbourne Omnibus changed hands at 48s. 6d., and closed seller at 49s. New issue shares opened with seller at 10s. 9d. but have since been in good request and wanted up to 13s. 3d., without finding seller. Melbourne Ice would be taken at £21, and obtainable at £23. Aus- tralasia Coal Company were placed early at 4s. 3d. but have since fallen dull, and at close were offered at 3s., without finding buyers. Mines. - Ballarat and other Districts - Albion, Black- wood, quite nominal ; about 23s. seller. City of Bal- larat obtainable at 22s., and had buyers about 20s. Crown Cross United nominal at 60s. seller. Clunes Consols have had a very depressed market, and shares offered down to 46s., with buyer at 40s. Cornish, Daylesford, held for £290, and would have found buyers at £275. Eaglehawk (Limited) offered at 6s. 6d., and Duke and Timor at 44s. Eaglehawk Union have had a fluctuating market ; opening dull at 43s., they receded, and were quitted down to 30s., when they had improved demand, and recovered to 40s., finally closing about 37s. seller ; month's divi- dend, 8s. per share. Extended Cross Reef were de- pressed early, and quitted at £15 5s., but have since had good demand, and improved to buyers at £17, and no declared seller. Long Tunnel changed hands to a small extent at £106, closing quiet at £107 seller ; month's dividend, £2. Long Tunnel Extended had a limited business at 5s. Lothair. - This company is being re-organised, and price quite nominal. Magdala opened in request, and placed at improved rates, from 17s. to 22s. 6d., but easing and closing seller 18s. 6d. New Black Horse opened dull, and fell to 9s., but recovering again to 10s. buyer, 10s. 9d. seller. Newington and Pleasant Creek have been dull, and suffered a heavy fall, sales ranging from 43s. to 30s., recovering since to 34s. buyers, and closing firm. New North Clunes have been in good demand throughout the month ; sales at £35 to £36, and wanted at £35 ; shares scarce - bonus of £1 10s. and dividend of £1 paid during month. Prince Patrick neglected, nominal price 55s. seller, 50s. buyer. Reform would find buyers at 30s. Racecourse have come into re- quest, and wanted at 50s., without finding seller. Specimen-hill were placed at about 15s. 3d., but close easier ; seller 13s. ; 6d. paid in dividends. Sultana have been pressed on the market, and suffered a very heavy fall in value ; sales from 47s. down to 19s., closing seller same. Tookey had buyer about 17s. 6d. United Hand and Band had sales at 4s. 6d. to 4s. 9d., but have fallen since, and offered at 2s. Walhalla would find buyer at £153 10s. Winter's Freehold opened with slight inquiry, and wanted at £6 15s., but have since been dull of sale, and are nominal at £5 15s. seller, £5 buyer. Sandhurst - Acadia Catherine had inquiry at 6s. 9d., seller 7s. 3d., but have since fallen to 5s. Burrowes's Freehold placed early at 12s. l½d., but close quiet, with price nominal about same ; 1s. 6d. per share in dividends. Cathe- rine United came into request on improvement in stone being reported, and sales were made at 9s. 6d. to 11s. 6d., closing about 11s. seller. City of Sand- hurst quitted to a limited extent at 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4½d., closing dull. Extended Hustler's Freehold changed hands at 4s. to 5s., and close sellers 5s. 6d., buyers 4s. Garden Gully United have had a very firm market, with sales ranging between 96s. cum div. and 87s. ex- div., closing with buyers at 87s. ; shares not offered ; 6s. paid in dividends. Do. Freehold were asked for, and sold at 5s. 6d. to 6s., but close dull at 5s. 6d. seller. Golden Stream Tribute had a depressed market, and were quitted from 10s. 3d. down to 7s. 6d., but recovering a little, and had sales to 8s. 10d., closing buyers at 8s. 9d., 1s. dividend paid. Gordon's Garden Gully Tribute opened with good demand, and sold at 5s. 2d. to 6s., but since depressed, and have been quitted down to 2s. 11d. ; im- proving, to 3s. 6d., and closing buyers same. Great Extended Hustler's have had a declining market, and quitted from 62s. to 55s. cum div., and at 52s. 6d. ex div., 'closing seller 52s. 6d. ; dividend for month 4s. Do. Tribute No. 1 had moderate inquiry, with sales at 12s. 6d. to 13s., and wanted at 13s. ; seller asking 14s. Hercules were wanted up to 11s. 6d., but close quiet. Johnson's Reef opened in good request, and changed hands at 60s. to 63s. 6d., but have since declined, and close seller 60s., month's dividend 1s. Lazarus No. 1 had a limited business at 7s. 6d. Latham and Watson's Tribute No. 1 have been in strong demand during the past month, and made a good advance, sales ranged from 1s. 10½d. up to 3s. 3d., clos- ing, firm at 3s. buyer ; 1s. 6d. per share paid in dividends. Londonderry were in demand during the first week, and dealt in at £48 10s. to £50 10s., but afterwards had a very depressed market, and fell to £29 10s., improving from this to sales at £35, and finally closing with buyer at £34. Dividend of £1 paid. Londonderry Tribute have also been depressed, and receded from 5s., to sales at 2s., recovering a littl, and closed at 3s. New Chum and Victoria Tribute had fallen from last month's closing price, and are quite nominal about £6. New Hustler's offered at 3s. 3d. North Old Chum have had a small amount of business at 14s. to 15s., and closed seller at latter ; 2s. 6d. dividends paid. Pandora quiet throughout the month ; shares sold at from 22s. 6d. to 18s. 6d., and finally closing at 19s. buyers, 20s. sellers. Richard Heales quite nominal at 1s. 3d. seller, 9d. buyer ; Royal Hustler's dull ; sales to a limited ex- tent at 5s. 10d. to 6s. Rose of Denmark were asked for at 9s., seller 10s. United Johnson's have changed hands at 4s. to 4s. 3d. Victory placed early at 15s. to 15s. 9d., closing about 14s. 6d. seller, 13s. 6d. buyer. The mining dividends during the four weeks ending December 26 amount to £64,905 11s., of which £62,585 11s. are from quartz, and £2,320 from alluvial com- panies. The dividends in detail are as follow :- Week ending December 5 - Johnson's Reef, Sandhurst, 1s. per 26,374th, £1,318 14s. ; Burrowes's Freehold, Sand- hurst, 6d. per 24,000th, £600, North Old Chum, Sandhurst, 1s. per 27,000th. £1,350 ; Llanberris Bal- larat, 2s. 6d. per 2,000th, £250 ; Duchess, Ballarat, 1s. per 4,000th, £200 For week ending Docembor 12 - Golden Stream Tribute, Sandhurst, 1s. per 24,000th, £1,200 ; Ironbark, Sandhurst, 1s. per 9,000th, £450 ; New North Clunes, Clunes, bonus £1 10s. per 2,056th, £3,084 ; New Dimock's, Ballarat, £2 per 40th, £80 ; Golden Lake, Smythesdale, 8s. per 4,400th, £1,760 ; Specimen- hill, Daylesford, 6d. per 21,760th, £544 ; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £2 per 2,400th, £4,800. For week ending December 19 - Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, 4s. 6d. per 26,422nd, £5,944 19s. ; Duchess of Edinburgh, Sandhurst, 1s. per 24,000th, £1,200 ; Hercules, Sandhurst, 6d. per 28,000th, £700 ; Latham and Watson's Tribute, Sandhurst, 1s. per 32,000th, £1,600 ; Burrowes' Freehold Tribute, Sandhurst, 6d. per 24,000th, £600 ; Sultan, Blackwood, 5s. per 2,500th, £625 ; Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, £5 per 600th, £3,000 ; Cornish, Daylesford, 10s. per 1,300th, £650. For week ending December 26 - New Dimock's, £1 per 100th, £100 ; Great Extended Hustler's, Sandhurst, 4s. per 28,000th, £5,600 ; Ellenborough, Sandhurst, 6d. per 24,000th, £600, Empire, Sandhurst, 6d. per 24,000th, £600 ; Kitto's Tribute, Sandhurst, 3d. per 24,000th, £800 ; Londonderry, Sandhurst, £1 per 800th, £800 ; Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, 1s. 6d. per 26,422nd, £1,982 8s. ; North Old Chum, Sandhurst, 1s. 6d. per 27,000th, £2,025 ; South Garden Gully Tribute, Sandhurst, 8d. per 24,000th, £800 ; Latham and Watson's Tribute, Sandhurst, 6d. per 32,000th, £800 ; Lazarus No 1, Sandhurst, 6d. per 45,000th, £1,125 ; New North Clunes, £1 per 2,056th, £2,056 ; Horwood's Freehold, Sandhurst, 6d. per 24,000th £600 ; Eldorado, Smythesdale, £7 per 80th, £560 ; Duchess, Ballarat, 1s. per 4,000th, £200 ; North Cross Reef, Stawell, 16s. per 10,000th, £8,000 ; Eaglehawk Union, Maldon, 8s. per 22,000th, £8,800. The districts from which the above mining dividends were derived rank as follows, in order of amount dis- tributed, viz :- Sandhurst, £30,196 11s. ; Maldon and Daylesford, £9,994 ; Pleasant Creek, £8,000 ; Gipps Land, £7,800 ; Clunes, £5,140 Smythesdale, £2,320 ; Ballarat, £830 ; Blackwood, £625. The dividends for the several mail periods since January 1 stand thus :- Four weeks ending January 24, £60,306 ; do. February 21, £140,469 ; do. March 21, £75,769 ; do. April 18, £55,280 ; do. May 16, £38,542 ; do. June 13, £45,959 ; do. July 11, £50,862 ; do. August 8, £69,391 ; do. September 5, £70,273 ; do. October 3, £71,496 ; do. October 31, £48,869 ; do. November 28, £55,826 ; do. December 26, £64,905, making a gross total for the year to date of £847,833 reported by public companies, to which a con- siderable further sum would require to be added for private companies and for public companies not re- ported. STOCK AND SHARE MARKET FOR YEAR 1874. The business of the year 1874 opened with a good demand for shares in most of the local banks, and prices generally exhibited a rising tendency. Some little inquiry was also experienced for shares in the leading English banks which have branches here, several of which have now opened registers for Victorian shareholders. This state of the market continued till April, when owing to the very consider- able amount of money which had been leaving the colony for some time previously, partly in remit- tance for sales of city properties, and partly for investment in pastoral properties in New South Wales and Queensland, the money market became much more stringent, the banks raising the rates of dis- count, and capitalists charging higher rates for loans on mortgage. As usual, this acted for the time pre- judicially on the price of bank shares, which were for a time comparatively neglected, and receded in value. The market, however, soon recovered, and has since been generally well sustained, all except the Colonial and Commercial, closing at an advance on the current rates in January. The balance-sheets of all the leading banks show good progress. During the year the City of Melbourne have increased their capital, and the Australian and European have com- menced business. Debentures have had a fluctuating market, rising or falling as the amount of trust funds requiring to be invested in this class of security was large or small at any particular time. They close at about opening rates. During the year the City of Melbourne Corporation and the Government of Western Australia have been borrowers in this market, and succeeded in placing their bonds (bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent.) at satis- factory prices. Gas companies have had less than usual favour, and lower prices were sub- mitted to, but they have recovered somewhat of late. Insurance shares have had a restricted business, with out much change in values, except in Southern, which rose prior to return of portion of the capital, and after payment thereof command same rate as at beginning of the year. The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway shares rose in anticipation of a sale of the line to Government, but although the negotiation fell through, the price did not recede much, the direc- tors' reports showing increased earnings. Little business in miscellaneous stocks, but meat-pre- serving companies have been in great disfavour. With respect to mining companies' shares, the market opened in January very dull, and con- tinued for several months to be characterised by extreme depression. The transactions effected were mostly of very insignificant extent, and although occa- sional short-lived spurts were experienced in various companies as some new mining development brought them into notice, the market for most was unrelieved by any improvement in demand or value, and in few cases was any substantial advance in market quotations established, while in very many instances heavy falls had to be submitted to. The depression was not con- fined to any particular district, but was felt in nearly every case where an endeavour was made to realise any considerable number of shares. Call-making companies of course, suffered the greatest depres- sion, and large numbers of shares were every week forced on the market at whatever they would realise, often far below the nominal current rate, and result- ing in heavy losses to the owners. About June, how- ever, a chance for the better took place. The low prices to which shares had been forced, together with improved prospects in several of the leading com- panies, attracted speculative attention, and holders being unwilling to accept the low rates current, higher prices had to be paid to secure shares in favourite companies. An increased business resulted, and was continued with various fluctuations for about three months, falling dull again in September, and reviving about the end of October, at least as regards companies on the Garden Gully line, Sandhurst, but finally closing dull. The dividends show a falling- off as compared with the two previous years, but full particulars are not yet to hand. Reviewing the market more in detail, we note the following particulars :- Victoria six per cent. deben- tures opened at £113, receded to £111 5s., rose after- wards to £115 10s., and have since fluctuated between that and £112 10s., closing dull at £113. Colonial Bank opened at £8, roso to £8 6s. 6d., receded to £7 14s., and have since fluctuated between that and £7 17s. 6d., closing at £7 16s. Commercial advanced from £5 17s. 6d. to £6, ranging since from that price to £5 15s. 6d., closing at £6 16s. National improved from £6 16s. 6d., to £7 7s., receding to £7 3s. 6d., and closing at £7 5s. 6d. New South Wales rose from £47 7s. 6d. to £52 12s. 6d., fluctuating since between that and £51 10s., closing about £52 10s. Union have risen from £49 to £52 ; and Victoria from £49 15s. to £53. Collingwood Gas fell from £9 7s. 6d. to £8 17s. 6d. Melbourne receded from £5 10s. to £5, since recover- ing to £5 6s. 6d. National Insurance advanced from 3s. 9d. to 5s. 3d. Southern Insurance rose from 13s. 6d. to 16s. 3d., and after payment of 5s. per share re- turned capital, receded to 13s., closing about 13s. 3d. M. and H. B. U. Railway advanced from £57 to £62 10s., receding afterwards to £59 10s. Melbourne Meat- preserving fell from 60s. to 20s., since recovering to 40s. Crown Cross United opened at £7 6s., and have fallen to 60s., paying 3s. 9d. per share in dividends. Cornish, Daylesford, receded from £260 to £160, but improved again to £280, and paid £65 per share dividends. Clunes Consols fell from 40s. to 9s , then rose to £9 10s., and have dropped again to 45s. Eaglehawk Union opened at 30s., and cased to 17s., then advanced to 70s., falling to 30s., and closed at 37s. ; dividends paid, 42s. 6d. per share. Extended Cross Reef receded from £30 to £17, rising again to £26 10s., but have fallen, and close at £18. Lone Tunnel opened at £122, and after- wards fell to £65, but have recovered again to £106 ; dividends for year, £26 10s. per share. Lothair improved from £4 to £5 3s. 6d., sinco receding to 12s., closing quite nominal, company being reorganised. Magdala dropped from 66s. to 17s., fluctuated to 35s., and closed at 18s. 6d. Newington and Pleasant Creek paid up shares receded from £8 to 35s., rose again to 80s., and finally closed about 42s. New North Clunes opened at £70, and afterwards receded to £31 ex bonus of £30 per share paid, rising to £47, falling again to £30, and closed at £36 ; dividends during, year, £48 per share. Sultana opened at £5 15s., and receded to 20s., rccovering after- wards to 60s., but falling again to 18s. 6d. Sultan have fallen from £30 to £8 10s., paying £2 per share. Walhalla were depressed, and receded from £200 to £101, recovering, again to £175, and closing about £155 10s., £45 10s. per share paid in dividends. Winter's Freehold opened at £16 10s., and rose to £23, but have fallen again to £6. Garden Gully United advanced from £5 15s. to £8, receding afterwards to 63s., rising again to 100s., and closing at 90s., paying 62s. 6d. per share in dividends. Golden Stream Tribute dropped from 9s. to 2s., then improving to 17s., but fall- ing again, and closed at 8s. 9d. ; 2s. per share paid in dividends. Golden Fleece have fallen from 69s. to 7s. ; dividends paid, 1s. 9d. per share. Great Extended Hust- ler's improved from 83s. to 93s., then receded to 24s., advancing afterwards to 86s., but falling again, and closed at 52s. 6d. ; 36s. 6d. paid in dividends. Great Extended Hustler's Tribute No. 1 receded from 37s. to 10s., and closed at 13s. John- son's Beef Gold Mines opened at 62s., then fluctuated, and fell to 32s., recovering again to 63s. 6d., and close at 55s. ; dividends paid, 13s. 6d. Londonderry opened at £47, and have fluctuated since between £22 and £51, closing at £35 ; dividend of £1 paid. North Old Chum have fallen from 47s. 6d. to 15s. ; dividends declared during the year 32s. per share. Richard Heales opened at 11s. ; and re- ceded to 2s., afterwards rising to 12s., but have fallen again to 1s. Royal Hustler's have dropped from 36s. to 5s. 6d. Victoria Gold Mines opened at 13s., and rose to 45s., receding afterwards to 30s. ; dividends paid 3s. Pandora rose from 5s. 6d. to 30s., since falling, to 18s. 6d. SALES OF PROPERTY. Messrs. BYRNE, VALE, and Co., auctioneers, &c.;, corner of Swanston and Little Collins streets, Mel- bourne, report the sale of the following, free- hold properties :- Frankston - Two half-acre allot- ments, £9 10s. Winton - 47 acres land, £67 10s. Nunawading - 40 acres land, £225. Frankston - Half- acre allotment, £10 10s. Fitzroy - Rae-street, wea- therboard cottage, three rooms, &c.;, 1and 18 x 80, £180. Kerrie - Farm, 240 acres, £1,020 Sandridge \- Terrace of three houses, situate in Railway-place, £1,495. Benalla - Township allotment fronting Car- rier-street, containing half an acre, £31. Northcote \- 18 acres of land, £400. Richmond - Off Swan-street, allotment of land 109 x 90, £127. Coburg-Louisa- street, allotment 274 x 300, £219. East Melbourne - Wellington-parade, two brick houses erected on land 66 x 165, £l,785. Coburg- Louisa-street, allotment 53 x 148, £34. St. Kilda - Allotment of land having a frontage of 330ft. to Mort-street, £1,000. Braybrook \- 12 Government township allotments, £100. Yarra- ville-Sussex street, two allotments, each 33 x 88, £50. Windsor-Green-street, Weatherboard cottage, erected on land 33 x 130, £410. Cranbourne - 30 acres of land, £20. Mordialloc - 59 acres of land, £60. Fitz- roy-McKean-street, allotment 66 x 165, £231. St. Kilda-Barkly-street, two brick houses, £950. Haw- thorn - 26½ acres of land, situate on the Riversdale road, £427. Messrs C. J. and T. HAM report having effected the following sales of city and suburban properties during the month :- Prahran-14½ acres, Gardiner's Creek, £365 18s. 6d. Melbourne - 46ft. 6in. x 132ft., Swan- ston street, two-story brick dwelling, £2,650 10s. Prahran - 29 acres, Hawthorn road, £744 12s. Rich- mond - 60ft. 6in. x 146ft. Vaucluse, £423 10s. Footscray - 14 allotments land, having frontages to Victoria, Frances Donald, and Nicholson streets, £505 17s. 10d. Hotham - 50ft. 9in. x 79ft. 10in., Vic- toria-street, chemist's shop and brick dwelling, £1,440. West Melbourne - Chetwynd-street, 30ft. x 152ft. 6in., £405. Hotham - Munster-terrace, 61ft. 6in. x 160ft., £307 10s. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES SINCE OUR LAST SUMMARY. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; Pr., Peruvian ; I., Italian ; N. Nor- wegian ; G., German ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Belg., Belgian ; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barque ; br., brig ; sc., schooner ; s. s., steamer.] Dec. ARRIVED. 2\. Sarah Grice, B. s., 1,071, Geo. Hay, Liverpool. - Grice, Sumner and Co. 10\. Marpesia, B. s., 1,443, Thos. Storey, Liverpool. - Geo. Martin and Co. 11\. Mayflower, B. br., 277, Peter Dickson, Antwerp. - Pigott Bros. and Co. 11\. Voni, N. br., 197, N. Nelson, Amoy. - S. De Beer. 12\. Ceylon, R.M.S.S., 2,012, G. N. Hector, Galle. - F. R. Kendall. 12\. Sobraon, B. s., 2,130, J. A. Elmslie, London. — W. Crosby and Co. 15\. Samos, A. sc., 394, C. H. Bryant. - Newell and Co. 19\. Appelles, B. s., 1,030, John L. McLay, Calcutta. Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 19\. Aristos, N. b., 531, A. E. Kildahl, San Francisco, F. W. Prell and Co. 19\. Countess of Errol, B. sc., 218, A. Taylor, Foo- chow. Grice, Sumner, and Co. 20\. Malabar, B. s., 1,219, Chas. Douglas, N. R. London. J. H. White and Co. 20\. Kasse[?], B. b., 3225, R. Lindsay, Manilla. Poole, Picken, and Co. 21\. Normanby, E. and A.M.S. Co.'s s.s., 1,000, T. Park, Singapore. Bright Brothers and Co. 21\. Glaslyn, B.b., 373, J. Kirkpatrick, Port Natal. Spence Bros. and Co. 22 Madura, F.b., 360, L. Durand, Mauritius. Joshua Bros. 23\. Hertfordshire, B.s., 855, Philip Graham, Liverpool. James Service and Co. 23\. Brazil, B.b., 277, W. Mackie, Mauritius. Sal Cleve. 23\. Adelphoi, B.b., 348, C. Gunn, Cheribon. Victoria Sugar. 25\. St. Osyth, B.s.s., 3,600, R McNabb, London. W. Crosby and Co. 26\. Carl Max., G.b., 294, M. Beyer, Mauritius. Geo. Martin and Co. 28\. Bayard, B. s., 1,319, H. E. Heard, London. - Geo. Martin and Co. Dec. CLEARED OUT. 3\. Nubia, R.M.S.S., 1,033 tons, W. B. Hall, Galle. - F. R. Kendall. 3\. The Lord Warden, B. s., 1,237, John Smith, Londer- don. - J. H. White and Co. 5\. Northumberland, B. s.s., 1,400, H. H. Shinner, London. - W. P. White and Co. 8\. Rodney, B. s., 1,447, A. Louttit, Cape of Good Hope and London. - W. Crosby and Co. 14\. Star Queen, B. br., 264, Thos. Crimp, Boston. Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 19\. S. D. Carleton, A. s., 884, G. A. Freeman, New York. - Osborn, Cushing, and Co. 19\. Mocq Bailly, F. b., 395, L. Gaston, Maldon Island. \- J. W. Ploos van Amstel and Co. 21\. Grecian, B. s., 1,272, Walter Guthrie, London. - W. Crosby and Co. 21\. Robert Kelly, A.s., 823, A. H. Kingman, Boston. \- Newell and Co. 23\. Normanby, E. and A.M.S. Co.'s s.s., 1,000, T. Park, Hong Kong via Sydney. - Bright Brothers and Co. 23\. Norna, B. s., 1,050, D. Latto, London. - Holmes, White, and Co. 23 Ben Ledi, B. s., 1,056, A. Cameron, London. - Holmes, White, and Co. 24\. Evelyn, B. s., 1,179, J. Boag, London. - Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 24\. Camilla, A. b., 584, B. A. Humphrey, Guam. - Stuart, Couche, and Co. 24\. Don Diego, B. b., 320, H. B. Francis, Malden Island. - Grice, Sumner, and Co. 24\. Flodden, B. b., 337, H. E. Butt, Mauritius. - Joshua Brothers. 24\. Salisbury, B. s., 1,094, J. C. Clare, Calcutta. - George Martin and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. DEC. 3. The Lord Warden, for London. - 4,306 bales wool, 64 bales leather, 476 casks tallow, 1,750 cases pre- served meats, 2 cases trees, 1 case wine, 4 packages effects. Nubia, s.s., for Point de Galle. - 3 cases oatmeal, 12 packages boots, 15 bags sugar, 21 pieces timber, 14 cases biscuits, 15 kegs beef, 7 casks potatoes, 20 boxes candles, 7 packages samples wool, 5 packages pre- served meat, 2 packages boots, 2 quarter-casks treacle, 2 packages glassware, 1,420 bales wool, 6 quarter- casks wine, 2 cases live plants, 4 packages seeds, 30 packages merchandise. DEC. 5. Northumberland, s.s., for London. - 4,072 bales wool, 15 cases black sand, 6 cases specimens of natural history, 12 cases skins, 401 slabs 686 ingots tin, 170 casks butter, 500 cases preserved meats, 3 packages silver plate, 4 casks salted gut, 26 cases wine, 9 packages merchandise. DEC. 8. Rodney, for London. - 4,962 bales wool, 365 cases meats, 454 casks tallow, 39 bales sheepskins, 64 casks tallow, 4 bales rabbit skins, 25 bales basils, 337 tons phosphates, 3 packages merchandise. DEC. 14. Star Queen, for Boston. - 1,409 bales wool. DEC. 19. S. D. Carleton, for New York. - 4,550 bales wool. DEC. 21. Robert Kelly, for Boston. - 3,874 bales wool, 4 cases trees and plants. Grecian, for London. - 200 tons phosphate, 100 casks tallow oil, 499 cases preserved meats, 294 casks tallow, 7 bales rabbit skins, 6,030 bales wool. DEC. 23. Normanby, for Hong Kong, via Sydney. - 9 cases preserved meats, 10 packages (containing 468oz. gold). Norna, for London. - 4,667 bales wool, 1,151 cakes copper, 120 casks tallow, 450 cases preserved meats, 20 bales tailors' clippings, 10,000 horns, 10 tons shank bones, 880 bags antimony ore, 6 casks glue, 3 casks jewellers' sweepings, 40 bales basils, 15 bales scrolls, 253 bales sheepskins, 2 bales rabbit skins. Ben Ledi, for London. - 5,093 bales wool, 34 bales leather, 1,000 cases preserved meats, 16 bales skins, 3 packages apparel. DEC 24. Evelyn, for London. - 5,062 bales wool, 337 casks tallow, 65 bales scrolls, 43 bales basils, 10 bales sheep- skins, 15 bales leather, 12 casks pelts. Don Diego, for Malden Island. - 3 packages apparel, 6 barrels ale, 45 tons coal. Flodden, for Mauritius. - 4,800 bags animal guano, 427 casks sulphate of ammonia. Salisbury, for Calcutta. - 2,211 cakes copper, 5,007 redgum sleepers, 30 tons hay, 25 tons chaff, 1,600 bushels bran, 160 horses. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF LAST MAIL. DEC. 3. Nabia, R.M.S.S., for Galle, via King George's Sound, &c.; Passengers - cabin : For Glenelg - Mr. L. L. Lewis, Hon. A. Blyth, Mr. J. H. Brown, Mr. W. K. Baker, and S. Frearson. For King George's Sound - Mr. Wardell, Captain and Mrs. Simpson, Misses Simpson (three), Mr. W. Simpson, Mr. and Mrs. Gillam, Mr. Paton, and Master Laurence. For Bombay - Miss Anderson, Mr. W. Morris, Mr. Trengrove, and Mr. F. G. Clerk. For Yokohama - Mr. James Newton. For Venice - Mr. Austin and family, Mr. and Mrs. Creswick, Misses Creswick (two), and Mr. and Mrs. Inglis. For Brindisi - Mr. Roberts, Master Roberts and servant, and Mr. Edlund. For Southampton - Mr. and Mrs. John Reid and family (five), Dr. Thomas Black, and Mr. Hartley. For Suez - Mr. and Mrs. Oliver. DEC. 6. Northumberland, s.s., for London. Passengers - saloon : Charles Du Cane, Esq., Hon. Mrs. Du Cane, Masters Copley and John Du Cane, Misses Edith and Florence Du Cane, Mr. F. L. Butler (tutor), three maids and butler, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Des Vœux, Miss Des Vœux Miss King, Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. and Miss Moffat, Rev. R. and Miss Henderson, Mrs. J. de V. Lamb, Miss Lamb Miss A. Lamb, Masters J. W. Lamb, S. E. Lamb, E. Lamb, A. Lamb, and servant, Miss Thorne, Miss Barnett and maid, Captain and Mrs. Hodge, Miss Maggie Hodge, Miss Barbara Hodge, Dr. and Mrs. Horsford, Master Earls Horsford, and servant, Miss Bell, Miss Fannie Bradshaw, Mrs. Ticehurst, Mr. and Mrs. E. Coombes Miss Coombes, Miss S. J. Coombes, Master R. H. Coombes, Master G. Coombes, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, Messrs. Wm. Jay, C. M. S. Chi- chester, J. K. Wright, A. Aeschimann, J. M. Kelly, L. Basch, E. M. Scott, Lieut. S. Ewing, R.N., Lieut. Wm. Tooker, R.N., Mr. and Mrs. B. P. Savage, Mr. and Mrs. F. Wilkinson, Mr. and Mrs. Woodward, R. R. Moeller, Mrs. Darcy, child, and servant ; and 100 in the 'tween decks. DEC. 8. Rodney, for Cane of Good Hope and London. Passengers - saloon : Rev. T. Ness and Mrs Ness, Mr. and Mrs. Hanmer and child, Mr. and Mrs. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. Langdon, Miss Lang- don, Miss Florence Langdon, Miss Laura Langdon, Miss Blanche Langdon, Master Edward Langdon, Master Charles Langdon, Mr. James Young, Mr. James Murlind, Mr. William Jameson, Mr. J. Cameron, Rev. Mr. Ornistien, Mrs. Ornstien, and seven children, Miss Holman, Dr. Patterson Dr. J. Gawham, and 38 in the second and third classes. GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. The following are the ships taking gold which have sailed from this port since the publication of our last Summary, together with the quantities and des- tinations :- Sailing 68,013 The total amount of gold exported from the colony since the beginning of the year 1874 is 991,443oz., of which 134,922oz. was transhipped from New Zea- land. During the corresponding period of the year 1873 the entire quantity exported was 1,249,130oz., and of this total 126,558oz. was from New Zealand. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. TUESDAY, DEC. 29. 1000000 800000 100000 10000 50000 53200 281400 110000 20000 9729000 509780 500000 500000 Vict. Gov. Rlwy. (local), 6 per cent. Vict. Government (local), 5 per cent. Melbourne Corporation, 6 per cent. Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. Ballarat Municipal, 6½ per cent. Collingwood Gas, 6 per cent. Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent. Melb. & H. B. United, 7 per cent. Do., 6 per cent. Do., 5 per cent. Nelson (N.Z.) Gov., 8 per cent. New South Wales, 5 per cent. Do., 4 per cent. New Zealand, 4 per cent. Queensland, 4 per cent. 112-113 108½ 105-108 108½ 500000 500000 600000 1250000 1200000 1500000 1000000 80000 24908 14990 75000 2980 24430 210000 26000 210000 16250 75000 40000 100000 88460 12000 7000 534700 PUBLIC COMPANIES. BANKS. 5 Bal. Bankg. (Limit) 1 Do., new issue 6½ Colonial of Austral. 4 Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited) 2 Melb. Bank Corpo- ration (Limited) 4 National of Austral. 20 New South Wales 25 { Victoria (Mel. reg.) { Do. (London reg.) 2 Land Mortgage 10 New Zealand 25 Union 40 Australasia 25 Oriental 20 London Chartered of Australasia GAS COMPANIES. 7 Ballarat 5 Bendigo 5 Castlemaine 5 Collin'w'd & Fitzroy 6 Daylesford (Limited) 4 Geelong ..... 5 } Melbourne ... { 10 } INSURANCE. ½ Australasian Life .. 1 Australian Alliance.. ½ National Fire Insur. ¼ Southern Insurance 1 Victoria Life & Gen. 25 Victoria Fire & Mar. MISCELLANEOUS. 6 Gipps Lnd. SteamN. 7½ Marítime & General Credit Co. (Limit.) Melb. Meat-Presrvg. 1 Studley Park Bridge 20 Victorian Ice .... RAILWAYS. 50 Melb. & Hob. Bay Ud. Last div. per cent. per annum. 12½ 3s. 6d. 12½ 10 6 12½ } £ } 7½ 156s. 157s. 115½s. 145-146s. 51½-52½ 53½. 57s. 67-Ol[?] 47½ 5¼-5 3/8 10½-10¾ 50s.-55s. 5s.-5½s 13s-13½s. 21-23 59-60 * And Bonus. Printed and published by Hugh George, at The Argus Office, Collins-street, Melbourne, for WILSON and MACKINNON, proprietors. 