THE ENGLISH MAIL. Tlie P. aud 0. steamer Pera reached Hold fast Bay shortly after 11 o'clock on Monday niglifc. The following items of news have been received by her :- - ' ' GREAT BRITAIN. LONDON, September 4. The mismanagement of the Pacific mail service excites serious misgivings' here. The London agents have for two months declined to book passengers through to Australia. Accord ing to letters of complaint in the Times the San Francisco agents refused to endorse the railway tickets of passengers from Australia per the Tartar, although they had prepaid their fares to Liverpool. This involved great hardships. Some persons were compelled to pawn their watches and other valuables to get on; others are still detained in America. From ex planations , it appears that the London and American agents had warned the Company's representatives in Australia that unless funds to paiy for transit across the States and Atlantic passages were remitted, they could not guaran tee passengers going - forward. The agents' letters were acknowledged, but no money sent. . An offer was made to the Governments of Sydney aud New Zealand to take over the con tracts and continue the service, in consideration of an extension of time arid other advantages. Without prompt action the service will cease. An ex-M.P., writing to the Times, suggests that the self-supporting colonies should bear tlie expenses of vessels of the Imperial Navy cruising in their waters. It is the practice of the Dutch colonies, and the Press generally thinks it worthy of imitation. The sloop Sappho, 720 horse-power, is to be immediately commissioned for service on the Australian station. After his return from Ireland, Sir Gavan -Duffy visited Lord Carnarvon at High Clerc. "William Hopwood, a Tichborue 'witness, has been sentenced to seven years' imprisonment for bigamy. The Claimant's late secretary, has applied for a summons' agaiust Mary Ann Loader for per jury. The applicant was referred to the Court of Queen's Bench. Mr. Sothem has relinquished the idea of visiting Australia. . Sir Richard MacDonnell has been nominated to represent the Dublin University. There has been a prolonged discussion in the London papers relative to emigration, principally JtO;Canada. ."A. Bohemian.".,-published, -in-the' Timcs some doleful letters on his experiences, and observations in the United States and Canada, which have elicited replies from Edward Jenkins, the Rev. Mr. Herring, and other pro moters of emigration. A Philadelphia {society, established to assist Englishmen in distress, recommends the temporary suspension of emigration from Great Britain to America, and is helping hundreds to return. The cruel misrepresentations of agents in England are strongly^ denounced. Artisans espe cially are warned against leaving England. The quality of the men sent out is much com plained of in Canada. The Times pronounces against Canada on account of the severity of its climate, and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in preference. Yet large cargoes are still being shipped off; 500 laborers and their families left last week, and the agricultural strike having collapsed, Mr. Arch threatens a wholesale deportation to Canada. Sir. Taylor, its secretary, has gone over on a tour of inspec tion. Irish immigration has declined. The Bank of Australasia has declared a second dividend.of 5A per cent. The Van Diemen's Land Company has decided to construct a tramway tlirougWtlie Emu Bay block. The labour market still remains in a highly inflamed condition, and the wages question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike,1 affecting 40,000 persons, after lasting eight weeks was terminated on August 26 by the submission of the men to the masters' terms. On the same day at a meeting of 13,000 slate quarrymen, near Bethesda, 'it was agreed to accept the concessions of Lord Penryn subject to the dismissal of two obnoxious agents, and that the minimum weekly wage should be 30s. to skilled men. The conditions being refused the men have cleared out their tools. The miners of Fifeshire aud Clackmannanshire, hav ing refused to submit to a reduction of 15 per cent., the masters have decreed a general lock-out. The men, however, are not agreed, and secessions --from the Union are probable. In West Lancashire, Flintslurc, Lanarkshire, and Durham notices of reduction have been given by the collieiyowners. A similar movement is im pendiug in Northumberland. The Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men submitted the question of a reduction to arbitration in London, and the decision affirmed the demauds of the employers for 12£ per cent, abatement. After a protracted resistance and several conferences the South Wales miners agreed to submit to 10 per ccnt. reduction on condition that wages are not again lowered during the present year. Tlie bulk of lock-out labourers have obtaiued Work, without surrendering their tickets, at improved wages. Many aged men however, by joining the Union, will have , to enter the workhouse. The lockout lasted 18 weeks, and cost the Union £25,000 ; 409 men have migrated, 400 ^nigrated, 870 returned to work without giving up tickets, and about 400 still remain unemployed. The pilgrim band finally broke up at Halifax, only 21* of the original 100 remaining. At Bradford some were arrested on a charge of beggiug. About £700 was cleared., The break yp of the Ashantee Monarchy is quickly following the English victory. The Kings of Djaubin and Becqua having declined to renew their bondage-'to King Coffee, he has appealed to the British Administrator at Cape Coast Castle for. assistance. The situation is further complicated by a report that the hostile Kings have been promised support by the chiefs of Akim and Denkera. Captain Lees, having gone to Coomassie to mediate, has been wel received. The death of the only daughter (aged three years) of His Excellency and Mrs. Musgrave, occurred-on the lltli inst. The circumstances which led to it are of a very painful, nature. While preparations were being made for giving the children their usual bath on Friday evening, the poor little creature fell off a chair into a tub of hot water, and was severely scalded. Dr. Gosse was immediately in attendance, and did not apprehend any seriou? consequences. During Saturday, however, convulsions came on, under which the little one sank. His Ex cellency and Mrs. Musgrave will, we are sure, have the sympathy of the whole colony in this .painful bereavement.-Advertiser. ? A fire occurred 'early on Saturday morning on the premises of Charles Linock, a carpenter, in Latrobe street, Melbourne. Tlie property was destroyed, and his wife and two children wero severely burned ; but they are. now pro gressing favourably. On Ms return from Iceland1,the Danish King visited Edinburgh, where he^ experienced an enthusiastic welcome. A Beet of *14 steamers went out to escort the royal party, and the city , was gaily decorated in their honour.. The Prin-' cess of: Wales accompanied her father back to Copenhagen. . . The Prince of Wales meanwhile has figured in a series of festivities at Plymouth to celebrate the opening of a new Guildhall'costing £60,000. On one day there was a grand Freemasons' de monstration ; on the.closing dajr a military cere mony ; and- a performance of "the " Creation" at Guildhall. The Prince arrived at Marl borough House on the 22nd, ana during the day visited the Empress of Austria, the Prince and Princess of Koumania,' and rche Prince of Asturias. The five royal children left the same day in the yacht Osborne for Ctnenhagen. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, after being banqueted at Brussels, reached Folkestone on August 20 on their return from a continental tour. The town was decorated, and an address of welcome was presented to them. The Duke visited Liverpool on September 28 for several days. _ j The refusal by the Peculiar People to invoke medical aid for the sick and '"[lying has been ruled aff the Central Criminal Court not to be a criminal offence. j An Association is being formed in London to prosecute Eitualist clergymen sunder the new Act. ^ ? An e*xcitiug controversy, inimical to the popu larity of the English Church, has been provoked by the refusal of a clergyman, supported" by the Bishop of Lincoln, to permit the word " rev." to be iuscribed.on the tombstone of the daughter of a Wesleyan minister. The subject was brought before the Conference during its, recent sittings. Archbishop Tait and S.G.O.un the Times; and other^correspondents condemn the bitter intole rance of the sacerdotal party;' The Henri-Martini rifle is about to be issued to the army without delay, and arm-chests are being manufactured at Woolwich, sufficient to hold 100,000 new weapons. The frightful increase in crimes of a brutal character, especially kicking to death, is-provok ing an indignant outcry against the absurd leniency of punishments inflicted, and even magistrates declare that the savage ferocity gaining ground must be met by repressive legis lation. Flogging for brutes is the public de mand. There are indications of a revival of Liberal courage and unity. Three demonstrations have taken place at Frame, Brighton, and Sheffield, at which places spirited .addresses were delivered by Messrs. Gosclien, Fawcett, and Mundella, who spoke sanguiuely of the future, and confi dently of Gladstone's continued leadership. Professor Tyndall, the President, delivered an inaugural address before the British Association, the main thesis being that matter is the ulti mate source of all things, audits own first cause. He demanded absolute liberty for scientific in vestigation, and the submission of religious theories, schemes, and systems to its decisions. He was afterwards supported by Huxley. The Old Catholic experiment in Switzerland has collapsed, and Pere Hyacinth, finding the extrusive forces too powerful, has resigned his Genevan cure. There have been insurrectionary disturbances in Italy. Arrests have been made at Florence, Naples, and Bologna. The International Society is thought to be implicated. There is likely to be a fight between China and Japan for the possession of the Island of For mosa. Some German working men have written to Bismarck, stating that reprisals shall be visited on Eoman Catholic Bishops for any future attempts to kill- him, and a successful assassi nation is to be followed by the death of the Pope himself. Prince Louis Napoleon was invited to attend the Russian autumn manoeuvres, but excused himself on account of his Woolwich studies. The Ultramontane leaders in Germany, Austria, and Belgium, are holding a Conference at Geneva. Earthquakes are reported in Switzerland, Porto Rico, and Constantinople. A destructive fire broke out at Nijni Novgorod on the opening day of the great fair. The Brussels Conference on questions of inter . jwtional law ,-mutinies*'of -war' teipninatcd'"on Saturday. The practical results expected were inconsiderable. The German delegate was most prominent in urging extensions or modifications of the Eussiau scheme. The English delegate merely watched the deliberations. The insurrection in Khokand is extending, two large towns being besieged by the Insur gents. Eussian aid is invoked, and a General has proceeded to the Chinese frontier, where a large Chinese force threatens both Kuldja and Kasghar., A railway to the summit of Vesuvius is pro jected. Etna is in eruption. Brigandage is assuming dangerous proportions in SicSy. Passenger rates have been raised on the American and Canadian lines. A rise of freights will follow. The Cubian insurgents are again active. Muck indecisive fighting has occurred in the Central Department of the Island. Eochefort has been refused an Asylum. in Germany by the Berlin Cabinet. The fourth anniversary of the capitulation of Sedau was celebrated on September 2nd, at Berlin, by a grand military parade ; the Prince of "Wales was present. A ladies'cricket match has been played in Bucks between two elevens. The Nash ladies in one innings scored 115 again 86 in their op ponents' two innings. One lady contributed 61 runs. 1874 is the centenary of the invention of cricket. On fhe 25th August a swimming race for the Amateur Championship of England took place at Welsh Harp, Handon. Six men swam one mile in still water, and H. Davenport won by 80 yards in 31 min. 9 sec. The Ashbury Gold Medal for swimming has been-competed for on the Thames over a mile course, and won by Trudgen, of the Alliance Club ; time, under 13 min. A 500 yards Handicap Swimming Eace among members of the Serpentine Club was won by Ainsworth, the ex-champion. About 400 Eoman Catholic pilgrims left London on the 2nd inst. for France, to visit the shrine of St. Edmund, at Pontigny. Very few French joined them. . Lieutenant Cameron in a letter addressed to the Foreign Office, declares that the slave trade still flourishes in a belt of jungle villages about a week's march from the East Coast of Africa. To destroy" the Iraffiq lie recommends the construction of a railroad from Bagomoyo to Ujiji,. under the protection .of . European com missioners and 1,000 or 1,200,soldiers. 