THE IRISH RACE. THE EARLY COLONISTS OF IRELAND. [CONCLUDED.J "THIS high panegyric is only equalled by the prose and verse compositions of the ancient bards and rhymers of the modern historians, who have recorded the deeds of the great warriors. Ith. Heber and Heremon, whose descendants boast to have been the rulers of the land. Even Moore, although he wrote such beautiful lyrics concerning the race in his early days, yet when he came to study history, he felt the same difficulty I do now. I do not dispute their origin or supremacy ; but I fail to distinguish their early customs, their remains, or race from those of the Firbolgs or Dannans whom they conquered, and, who left undoubted monuments peculiar to their time. Now, all these peoples—the piratical navigator along our' coasts, the mid-Europe primitive shepherd and cultivator, the Northern warrior, and the Iberian ruler —were, according to my view, all derived from the one Celtic stock. They spoke the same language, and their descendants do so still. When they acquired a knowledge of letters they transmitted their history through the Irish language: No doubt they fused ; but somehow a quick fushion of races has not been the general characteristic of the people of this country. Unlike the Anglo-Norman in later times, the Milesian was a long way from home ; the rough sea of the Bay of Biscay rolled between him and his previous habitat; and if he became an absentee he was not likely to find much of his possessions on his return. It is to be regretted that while we have such a quantity of poetical and traditional material respecting the Milesian invasion of Ireland, the Spanish annals or traditions have given us but very little information on that subject. "Besides the sparse introduction of Latin by Christian missionaries in the fifth century, . some occasional Saxon words, springing from peaceful settlers along our coasts, and in commercial emporiums, and whatever Danish had crept into our tongue around those centres where the Scandinavians chiefly located themselves, and which were principally proper names of persons and places that became fixed in our vernacular, we find but one language among the Irish people until the arrival of the Anglo-Normans at the end of the Twelfth century. " Having finished with the Milesians we now come to the Danes (so called), the Scandinavians or Norsemen,—the Pagan sea-kings, who made inroads on our coasts, despoiled our churches and monasteries, but, at the same time it must be confessed, helped to establish the commercial prosperity of some of our cities and towns from 795 to the time of the battle of Clontarf, A. D. 1014, when the belligerent portion of the Scandinavians were finally expelled from the country. During the time I have specified, Dublin, Limerick, and Waterford belonged to these northern people. They not only coasted round the island, and never lost an opportunity of pillage and plunder, but they passed through the interior and carried their arms into the very centre of the land. The Danes left us very little ornamental work beyond what they lavished upon their swords and helmets; but, on the other hand, it should be borne in mind that there are no Irish antiquities,; either social, warlike, or ecclesiastical, in the Scandinavian museums. " Concerning their ethnological character, I must again refer to the ' Crania Britannica.' In the records they were designated strangers; foreigners, pagans, gentiles, and also white and black foreigners ; so that there were undoubtedly two races—the dark, and the fair or red, like as in the case of the Firbolgs or Dannans. They were also, styled 'Azure Danes,' probably on account of the shining hue of their armour. " I believe the fair section of that people to have been of Norwegian origin, while the dark race came from Jutland and the coast of Sweden, and both by the Orkneys, the coasts of Scotland, and the Isle of Man. Their skulls were large and well-formed ; they had a thorough knowledge of metal work, and especially iron; and, as I have shown felsewhfere, their swords ' and -spears were of great size and power, the former wielded as a slashing weapon, -while those of their early opponents were, of bronze, weak, and.intended for stabbing. In nowhere else in europe (that I am aware of) have these rounded, pointed, or bevelled heavy iron swords been found -except in Ireland and Nor- way.' '' Large quantities of Danish remains have been discovered in deep sinkings made in Dublin, and several weapons, tools, .and ornaments, believed to be of Scandinavian origin,. have been , found within a few inches of the surface on one of the battle-fields on - the south-side of the -Liffey, within the last few years.. Upon most of these I have already reported' and given illustrations. I may mention one circumstance connected with this race. I never examined a battle-field of the Danes nor a collection of Danish weapons or implements, that I did not find the well-adjusted scales and weights which the Viking had in his pocket for valuing the precious metals procured either by conquest or otherwise. Although considered- hostile, these Scandinavian Vikings must have fraternised with the Irish. We know that they intermarried, for, among many other instances that might be adduced, I may mention that during the battle of Clontarf, when Sitric, the Danish king, of Dublin, looked on the fight from the walls of the city, he was accompanied by his wife, the daughter of the aged king, known as 'Brian the Brave.' " We are now coming to a later period. The Romans had occupied Britain ; the Saxons followed ; the Danes had partial possession for a time ; the Heptarchy prevailed, until Harold, the last of the Saxon kings, fell at Hastings, and England bowed beneath that mixture of Norman, Gaulish, Scandinavian, and general Celtic blood that William brought with him from the shores of France. The Saxon dynasty was at an end, but the Britons of the day accepted their fate ; and not only the soldiers, but the Norman Barons, fused with the people of that kingdom, and largely contributed to make it what it now is. This fusion of races, this assimilation of sentiments, this interchange of thought, this kindly culture, the higher elevating the lower, among whom they have permanently resided, must always tend to great and good ends in raising mankind to that state into which I hope it will please Providence to call him. "I must hasten on. The Anglo-Normans came here in 1172, a very mixed race ; but their leaders were chiefly of French or Norman extraction. Why they came, or what they did, is not for me to expiate upon. I wish, however, to correct an assertion commonly made to the effect that the Norman barons of Henry II. then conquered Ireland. They occupied some towns, formed a "Pale," levied taxes, sent in .soldiery, distributed lands, and introduced a new language ; but the ' King's writ did not run ;' the subjugation of Ireland did not extend over the country at large, and it remained till 1846 and the five or six following years to complete the conquest of the Irish race, by the loss of a tuberous.esculent and the governmental alteration of the value of a grain of corn. Then there went to the workhouse or exile upwards of two millions of the Irish race, besides those who died of pestilence. Having carefully investigated and reported upon this last great European famine, I have come to the conclusion just stated, without taking into consideration, its political, religious, or national aspects, so far as this communication is concerned. "It appears to me that one of our great difficulties has been the want of fusion—not only of races,- but of opinions and sentiments, on what may be called a ' give and take' system. As regards the intermixture, I think there cannot be a better one than the Saxon with the Celt. " Look what the intermixture of races has done for us in Ireland ; the Firbolg brought us agriculture ; the Dannan the chemistry and mechanics of metal, work; the Milesians beauty and governing power; the Danes commerce and navigation ; the Anglo-Normans chivalry and organised government; and, in later times, the French emigrants taught us an improved art of weaving. " It would be more political than ethnological were I to enter upon the discussion of that subsequent period which would conduct us to the days of. Cromwell or the Boyne, or, perhaps, to later periods, involving, questions not pertinent to the present occasion. I must here say a word or two respecting Irish art. In architecture, in decorative stonework, from archaic markings that gave a tone and character to all subsequent art, in our beauteous crosses, in our early metal work, in gold and bronze, carried on from the Pagan to the Christian pe- Piod, and in our gorgeously illuminated MS. books, we have got a style of art that is specially and peculiarly Irish, and that has no exact parallel elsewhere, and was only slightly modified by Norman or Frankish designs. Time passed, as it is passing now, and events accumu- lated political affairs intermingle, but the anthropologist should .try and keep clear of them. At the end of the reign of Elizabeth a considerable immigration of English took place into the south of Ireland. Subsequently the historic epi- sode of the 'Flight of the Earls,' O'Neill and 'O'Donnell, brought matters to a climax, and the early part of the reign of the first James is memorable-for the ' Plantation of Ulster,' when a number of Celtic Scots, with some Saxons, returned to their brethren across the water ; and about the same time the London Companies occupied large portions of the fertile province, and the early-Irish race were transplanted by the Protector to the West, as I have already stated. It must not be imagined that this was the first immigration. The Picts passed through Ireland, and no doubt left a remnant behind them. In consequence of contiguity, the Scottish people must have settled upon our northern coasts. When the adventurous Edward Bruce made that marvellous inroad into Ireland at the end of the fourteenth century, and, advanced into the bowels of the land, he carried with him a Gaelic population cognate with our own people, and in all probability left a residue in Ulster, thus leavening the original Firbolgs, Tuatha de Dannan, and Milesians of Ulster, with the exception of the county of Donegal, which holds a large Celtic population, speaking the old Irish tongue, and retaining the special characters of that people as I have already described them. This Scotic race, as it now exists in Ulster, and of which we have specimens before us, I would sum up with three characteristics. That they were courageous is proved by their shutting the gates and defending the walls of Derry ; that they were independent, and lovers of justice, has been shown by their establishment of tenant-right; and that they were industrious and energetic is manifest by the manufactures of Belfast. Do not, I entreat, my brethren of Ulster, allow these manufactures to be jeopardised, either by masters or men, by any disagreements, which must lead to the decay of the fairest and wealthiest province, and one of the most beautiful cities in this our native land." Throughout the address, and at its conclusion, there was loud applause. On the motion of Sir William Vevner Guise, seconded by the Rev. Dr. Mcllwaine, a warm vote of thanks was passed to Sir William Wilde. 