;wk wonld bo loth to charge ' the pre: sent Executive; with entertaining nny deliberate:design to. bring the lawa.of the country into general disfavour through being partially administered even under their immediate supervision and by their own directions. Differences of opinion on questions fairly open to controversy have placed ub in political antagonism to the Ministry of Messrs. Kennerley, Eysh, and Co.; ; . but we are not so unreasonable as to believe that even an Executive, credited by a targe portion of the pubUo with being, subservient to the. : control;.. of the Colonial Secretary, would knowingly so direct the carrying out of the laws, as to justify the belief that political expediency, and not simple justice, was the main! object , for , the , service of which the; laws -have 'be.ea' instituted. Of late, a good deal , has- heen-iliqard as to the ahsoluto .necessity of- 'Upholding tho laws of the'/liuid, and enforcing respect for order and the constituted authorities. But it is in vain to expect that either "tlio laws, or those who superintend and" direct" their ad- ministration, can .be regarded with tho reverence.: and rospect to wliich , they are entitled in all well-governed' com munities, if reasons are furnished by tho Executive ..Government ...to-rwarrant a belief, " that in effect the laws, liko political professions, are only service able and ontitlcd to respect, when tlioy can|bo'U8odt0 3Ccuro"tliQ"ciuls"of 'thoso who mako and use tliem."': '' :p ; lio case wo aro about to notice, as illustrating what appcariT to Us a very objectionable abuso of Excontivo autho rity, in favour of ' sfervicoablo jiolitieal agents is one, which, wo are certain, noyer would have been gohemlly known, liad not there been a journal in this city which does not owo whnlevor in- fludnce it possesses . to the sjiecial' pat ronage; of the public Treasury. ' But although this special instance . of ' the abuse of, power in favour of, the Messrs., G. nnd Ci Davies of tli o- Mercury has not until now beon publicly referred to; as might bo expected, it' lias'not escaped tlio . criticism , of every:., independent minded and intelligent person to whom; tho facts connected with it are known. And we aro -not Surprised to find that' sueli is tlio . ease. Indeed it' would lie somewhat .astonishing, after tho manner that other alleged offenders against tiie Customs Act : " linvo had tlio - law en forced nguinst;,tliem/ if tho unprece dented lenity 'exhibited towards tho; registered proprietors of tho official orgnn was not a subjeot for tho severest nnimadvovsion,' -whenever tlio enso is; commented upon.,' .:1 . Evovy one.conhooted with' trade and coinmereo in ' the ' cbiony knows' how, justly severbitho' Customs laws' nip in dealing witli.'ali.offohders against ;their, stringently-constructed enactments. .Wo have had experience;' . too, of tho ; in-; exorablb, and, in'sbmb instances, of1 tlio. harsh measures, of. justice dealt rout already to', more i than one ofour'citi- zeiis, who, unfortunately, either wil fully, or inadvertently, had brought themselves, within ' tho ponal grksp.of tho 25th Victoria; No;. 3. In one case, wlievo the possible loss to the revenue,' had the importer' succeeded in passing tiie improperly described goods, would, only havo amounted to nbout ; six pounds sterling the alleged 'offender, after being induced -to record a pica of guilty, was fined £100, and- the: seized, goods forfeited. Two or three, in- . stances might bo roferred to where tho penalties prescribed for entering iin'- proporly. described goods, arid ' attempt-' .ing to.imss them through tlioi Custom House have been rigidly executed where the contingent losa to 'the revenue was, only estimated at a few shillings. The . public heavd. of .all these cases, .and' although, to some extent, sympathising with the suflerers fqr.-having incurred; .such heavy", penalties," no one blamed: the Executive -for having the law, harsh and stringent :ns: if necessarily -'fy' im partially enforced.- ' But what can ho said in the 'base.'bf '.tiie Messrs. 'G.; and C. . Davies, . the iregistered proprietors of a journal, . notoriously devoted to \tho' service of the 'Ministeis, and 'uriusually . .ostentatious ..and- extravagant in ,its demonstrations of - servility, since vthe 'London ship - Wugoola was entered' at our ifflgrom nousp'l", in tiie manifest of .tiiis London trader, 'among otlier tliings- .appeals a paclcagp,.,. marked as' if: the contents were.' to (be (used for priiitirig purposes orily/ 'All sueli i gbods :are. exempt freni .duties;;' Tiie package , is seized by the Custom-House authorities, is opened, and, fouud'to contain niatxri vials, not for: printing, but for cricket-' jng purposes.' ; vBjr.:Taw tlib/rgbod's become forfeited, Mahd the importers subject to be brought before two jus-- tioes in tho:fiist;plaeej- or, according , to .option,- to the.,'; bar -.'ot the 'Supremo. Court, to answer for 'tbo alleged attempt toj defraud the revenue, or such i cases ..inay be . deolt-;' summarily with by tlio .Executive:- themselves., ,, Before' - the' -goods can he seized a' declaration must ho, made either that they are correctly described, or that- tlio" " importer .'liajd not received tlio,. bill of lading, invoieo or other advice' 'from whiclithe :desoription, quantity, or ,, value of tlio goisls tl«,«rika4 . din ho nseortained." Tlio penalty, for-makirig n'talse abolarq. tion by tho 38th Victoria, No. 54, is " not less than £50." The " 138tli" section . of the the 25 Victoria, No. 5 empowers .thP .GbVei-nOin-ttuhcil to restoregpodssoized although condemned" >-rand:it is in virtue of this power being exercised' in favour ;of tiie; Messrs. ,G. 1 and C. Davies,' tiie 'iprdprietprs of the Ministerial organ— and theipririters of measureless areas of i puffery and nau seating , eulogies on the .Governor and his Council — that the goods have boen soized, " restored, . and - the offenders fined in the unprecedentcdly mitigated and encouraging penalty-' of "three pounds." , Had the Messrs. Davies been dealt' with, 'as all previously alleged offenders were, under similar circumstances, and! not in such an ex ceptionally favoured mariner, while the veryfact of tho seizure was carofullysup- preesed, there would not have been the least ground for complaining. But here we; have, on the one hand, men occupy ing a far higher rank in the social scale dragged, before the Police Courts in Hobart Town and Launceston, and compelled to undergo the ordeal of a searching exposition of their nllegpd misconduct, and severely 'fined and otherwise punished ; aiid on tho .other, when the Customs House officers seize misdescribed goods entered in the name of tlio proprietors of the Ministerial, journal, without any exposure, public investigation, or known' 1 grounds ' for. justifying, the . act, Hie, goods are re turned, arid ihe 'favourites of Ministers fined " three pounds." If it could be shown tlrnt they were innocent of nny intended fraud, they ought not to have beon fined one farthing; but the fine itself, small .ns it is, proves .that Ministers did not acquit them of com plicity injthe, transaction in some way or another; and if " complicity" was Uolioved in; the Messrs. Davies ought to have been dealt with as others were. A mere money penalty is disregarded by those able ' to. mect it," wlfon exposure caii be escaped, and which is #, punishment - more JetofrenPin imnhy iiistunces 'tlian nny pecuniaryhniilct. Wo' cortoinly'rah cb'n-r zeivo how much it . would detract from the valuefofrthe- fulsomo' heap ofadula- tory coritrijiutioiis, rwliich,wpre sliipped in hasketfuls by tho lost mail to the Home-market, if ,in ;the.-8amer cargo, there was a consignment of proofs that, tho shippers'oftlie sickfcning drugs bad been brought- before tho . Police Courts and fined as others have been. It was expediont,then,tohavetliomntterquiotly arranged; rand . kept - from tho public until the Governor and his Council had taken , final leave of each other.-' We can now; account for the extraordinary forvour.b/thp Ministerial organ of late in Ihe cause of "law and order." ' But; it is by such' a mode of supporting law; and dispensing justice, , as this ,0030' illusixntffl/.'fhAt' disrespect' for. .'the . laiv and 'its administrators is generated. The real culprits -and enemies to tho peaco, the order/ and propcr cbriduct of society, are : those who bend the laws -to purposes of mere political expediency.-: and dispense them ' so. ns to inculcate 'the mischievous' arid demoralising' doctrine, tlmt there is " one law for tlio strong and powerful; rind another for tho weak and upinfliiential." .We . nip quite prepared to hear tlint tlio Messrs. Davies' case is different from those of tlio threo or four' respectable - citizens/ jvlioso goods wore 1 confiscated, and, themselves heavily fined. But if tlioy' were not guilty to' tlio same degree as ,tho othere who have 1 been pnuished/ tlioy ought not to liavo;boen mulotedito tlio oxtont of a'/ farthing. Wlint'.yas,', tlio fine iaiposed foi; J, : |Was it to estab/, lisli the impartiality. of Ministers 1 Was it to prove that they /had the' cburngo to risk giving offence to tlioiKproteges 1 Or had tlioy an ,. understanding - with them tlmt by submitting, to.be fined the cause of- both would-be advanced, inas much ns the public would bo imposed' upon by a cheap device— the ' cost of which could lio recouped by a single advertisement from the Innds Office 1 The Messrs'.'; Davies will lose riotliing! iby submitting to. a . penalty of three- pounds." .Ministers - will "get /sixty, shillings worth- of ; value for'it by gulling the public," but respect ' for tlio, adiniiiistratidn of tho laws will . he still further decreased and confidence in the Executivo correspondingly 'diminished. Or the cases tried'at the Criminal Sessions that clospd yesterday, two call for comment We will deal with .them in their order . and importance. On the 4th of November George Williams, unhappily led: away by( passion— a n.-iSsion most' probably the ontcomc of Yong: continued mental dis ease — so injured his ; wife that she/ after lingering in the hospital very nearlya fort-, night, died: -; For .that act the- unhappy man had to stand; a: trial. Friendless arid helplcsss he critered-the dock, and but that a member of. the bar -was ready to take up: tiie case, on being assigned by tbe Corirtas counsel for the prisoner,' the latter,,,- would have been undefended., , And we may. von-, tui-e to say that when a counsel is thus as signed to a prisoner be might almost ris 'well be without one. However ablctbc coun- sel may be, be has, under such circumstances, great odds against which to, contend. He is equally ignorant of' what will be the case either for -the, prosecution; or the defence. Itistrue that by judicious cross-examina tion he may be able to bring out facts favourable, to the. accused; but, on, the -other band, it is very. likely— nay,. almost a- certairity,-if tbe.counsel. be of a'.'caiitious- > temperament— that he riiay be afraid to put questions' that might do good, simply from -the dread that they -mighf-i do harm,' arid,, destroy ;the( straw, . which, , like ri ; drowning man, he cIiUches. Arery likely- this was !i. the.-: motive - : that- governed -Mr. Jackson in his:conduct - of defence. elicited in favour-of -the 'theory -of tem porary insanity.; that; has been: set:up,.to render ' it 1 absolutely " riccessary that fur ther enquiries sbould;bc, made before the Executive decide, to carry- out, the extreme penalty of the law. The judge said it was extremely regretable 'that- some evidence should not have been put .before, the , jury as to the priaenerjs demeanour and conduct while in hospital arid "gaol, , ana- ai'jhiBi sight there seems to be "considerable ' force in ! the remark. But when we come to think oyer the matter, :ye are inclined to come to the conclusion that this - testi mony would be of little use.;: - Clive was a great man -it 'will be admitted jrin rill bands. -Yet; what was bis career? Twice in early youth,- of course while under th influence of some mental disease, he at tempted suicide. Both times fie placed a loaded. pistol to his head.-.. Both times the cap refused to do its office. ; Hc threw aside the pistol, and came to .the conclusion that there was a career before him. The Civil Service writer became a soldier, the victor of , several important battles, the founder of British power in India, and late in. life, when, apparently, there was nothing to annoy him, the same mental dis ease .mastered his will, and .he cut his throat with a penknife. The moment the rash act was done his - faculties were re stored, and he endeavoured to staunch the bleeding, but in vain. And bo it may be, probably is, with the unhappy man now in a condemned cell. The judge and the jury, by their verdict, thought that the wardB," They are all cutting their throats,'' was but a manoeuvre, because the next mo ment he. could give a "collected answer. But for the introduction of one word, no importance, need -have , been" .attached to this answer, for. without one word it wonld simply have been a repetition of Hhe words' .of the conslable. We believe thac-wlnt occurred at the time at which the unhappy... event happened u what shall decide J he. point ns to the maris state of mind, and. not what may-liavc occurrcil. All tha we think that the'dpetors are wanted i for " ;in this case is ior, one simple thing.'. They: arc wanted toriiakc an examination of the-- man's head, so that.au idea inay bcanivcd at as to whether the man's statement as to the injuries his head has sustained is correct- If tli'cy ouswcf in the affirmative, then, a serious rdoubt. will . arise as Jo whether, the man'was'sanc at' tlic' time lie 'committed the murder of his wife. It is a well-known fact that s man. with ji 'seriously injured head, can' by excitement become temporarily mod, and bcunaccoun 'table" for bis actions. It is stated by -D , iccti vc Simpson-- thattif the- man- was .' 1 c 'id iin the streets he would .become ex- al.'ojl, ud wo venture to think that th ' msri's cauditioii would predispose him to da rash deeds. Far many years blindi and-alwaya poor, he found that other in- firmities were creeping upon him. He suffered from . rheiuriatiam j and neuralgia. Such complaints' have driven strong men to : madness ,and self- destruction how much more likely would they be to have! the sainc effect upon a man with .weakened intellect and a shattered brain? And in conclusion we,' with Mr- Jackson, think lit , is idesirablc that the .erection once more of the scaffold' in this colony shouid be avoided: The utilitarian argument, against thc abolition ,pf capital punishme'rit,— why ' should' the' country maintain a man who has deprived the country of the services of another man ? —cannot apply in the present case. "Tiie victim in this case bad .passed the allotted period of life, and had become useless to .the country, being in.: the receipt of Government relief: From the utilitarian point- of view— the only one we fear that has much weight in this colony— we con tend that George' Williams is entitled' to the mercy of the Crown. . , He had lived in friendship, with this woman eighteen years ; though disabled from earning a proper .livelihood, he had showed' tlmt lie had a proper sense of the duties of his'positiori, jiffi his obligations' ib'the woihrin' who lia'd associated herself with him,: rind who ;in bis hour of trial stood by his side. ' May it not, therefore, ;be .that, George Williams is hut added to the list of those names who have injurcd'those th'ey loved the moat? ! ; ! Police Court. — Atthe Police Courtycster day morning, the oiily' case I brought- before' the Police Magistrate was that of Thomas Scanlbnwho, charged with having disturbed the peace jn Hamugton-strect 011 Wedues- (lay morning, was fined.., five aliillings 'lvith;. the alternative of soven dnye' incarceration. . : Board ..qf. EouoA-noN.-The .meeting-' of: the Board of Education which was to ho held yesterday, lapsed because - there .was riot :a . sufficient; linmllriri nf nmmlinni nMionnt 4n form a quorum. Dr. Butler and Mr, Swan were tho only members of tlio Board who put iu.ati appcarauce. ... , -y / MATmcuLATiON ExAiiiNATroN.— Tlio ex amination of candidates .reaidcut in Hobart Town for matriculation ' at tho Melbourne University,- carried out here under the super vision of the Council of Education/ was con cluded oil Wednesday, Thero were four 'camUdntoa,ah(l Mr/Richardson 'tho' secretary to the ; Board of. Edaaation, yesterday for warded their papers to the examiners at relbonnie/ who Avill decide upon tliom. BENBVQLB.ST.SociErv.—The usual weekly .mcotinu of this 'society was held'' yesterday, ' Dr.. Hall iu tho chain -The minutes' of :tho lost raeotlng were read aud confirmed."! .i Tlie 's'ecretarj reported that 42 . cases, .. comprising X 18 individuals1 lia'd becin relioved (luruig'tlio .week. In 30 of 686,00363 full,1 aud' in !-12 cases half rations' had been supplied: ' " The returns from, the Iu valid Depot showed that .from tho 20 th of. November to, the 2nd of the present month two men had been discharged, ono to tho servico of Mr. - Hall, on tho Huon Road, the other, becahao - ho stated lie 'was able to work. From the Now Town Pauper Establishment one female,. 76 years ? of age, was discharged on the 29tli ult. to ' her thus- hand. In two cases ;relief waa'granted for a month; c!A woman,- named Johnson/who ap-' plied for relief,; stated thatjher hnsbahd ihad ?;one to Sydney lost , month.;, that, she gave urn £14 on the promise tliat-lio would send for her. He hadnot kept his 'promise, aiid' she. was consequently destitute.' : From in formation obtained by Mr. Witt it was 'as- certained that the applicant was a drunkard. This being so, she was informed that lio out side aid . could ,bo granted to her, but' she might have what she required to eat at 'the depot. The address of His Excellency tho .Governor, in.reply. to that which :had. been presonted !to him by- tho socioty, was. .read and referred to ttio General C6himitte.c ' Crisiinal Sessions;— The1 first case; tried yesterday morning before Bis Honour the Chief j Justice ! was .that of .Dora Taylor for pdr)ury, r which , broke down, tho( evideuco boiiiff of a character io draw? a remark from His Honour regarding its insufficiency to sustain a charge of perjury in a case liko the orio -before jhim, where no existing animus was /apparent.. -The ! Attorney- Goncral did not press'fdr a ' verdict, and the girl was acr quitted. Williaui Hopwood was. found guilty of perjury,' having taken arfalse affida vit in order to, induce tho Rev. J, Storio to celebrate' a r marriage between hjni and a ypuiig female, both of tliem being under age. Ho reuoirod/ li sehtonce'of 'one month's iu/ pnsonment;-' George Lauu/o had pleaded guilty to a charge of horsestealing, Was sen tenced to two years' imprisonment, and Geo Fisher and. John , Wilfiama,. each of whom had pleaded guilty to forging and uttering, were ordered to bo imprisoned for twelve -years,'. both of then/having a criminal career recorded against them which aggravated the circumstances of tho preaent'eharge.'. Aiihur Blackmore, who liad been found guilty of re ceiving goods, knowing them to havo been stolen, and remanded for. sentence, was placed in the dock with tho other prisoners and when asked if h h had anything to say why tho sentence of the court should not be passed .iipon him, made an affirmation of his innocence, whichhowasabontto supplement by some further remarks, when he fell back in the dock, which in a moment- was in a scone of,confu8ion. Policemen,, prisoners, and javelin men, vied with each other in endeavouring to hold down the unfortunate fellow who was struggling against an epilep tic visitation in the bottom of tho dock. For some minutes nothing could bo heard in court but tho heavy thuds occasioned by the struggle, and a difficulty arose in con- tcmplnting tho task of getting tho prisoner down tho stone steps wliich lead to tho sub- terraneau passages communicating with tho gaol, This was, however, finally effected, and means were taken down below to revive tho man sufficiently for him afterwards to appear and receive a sentence ; of two years' imprisonment. This concluded tho business of tho session and tho court adjourned rise die. In tho Court presided over by Mr. Jus- tico Dobson, two cases were tried yesterday. In one a verdict was obtained by the Crown, and in the other thepriaonor, named Edward Day, charged with burglary, obtained an ac quittal. The sentences passed were (—Row lands and Nibholls' for assault with' a criminal intent, .received each ten days imprisonment, ./.id Rowlands is to remain two years in the Uetormatory, and Nicholls one year in the same institution. Frederick Morgan, ..for. sheepstealiug, four years ; and Jonn Trif- fitfc, for being an accessory after >.the fact, two years ; William Bright, for housebreak ing, eight years ; James Geary, for horse stealing, six years ; John Brooks, for break ing into the dwelling-house of Mr! Rodda,,and steading therefrom cortain articles belonging to Mr. Thomas Shirley,- twoVydars ; ana William Bryan, for tho same offence, ono year. This closed the business 'of the ses sion. LngaIi Ingenuity. — In tho case of the young man, William Hopwood, who was yesterday; found guilty of perjury, 'Mr. Crisp nearly succeeded in killing two birds with ono stone. It was only the trilling matter of putting in a printed copy instead of the -original document containing therlawsand. regulations of proceedings of the Church of Scotland in Victoria,, that occasioned 'bis failing, not only clearing in his client, but in . pushing ..His Honour yery,.cloaely.fota Ado- cision which the other court hod failed to arrivo ; at ' in connection with ttife cash - in ' Equity, Stork v Ganlner and othere. His' Honour almost complimented" ' the - learned gentleman on tho hue of defence he had adopted, although ho remarked with somo severity on tho conduct of the reverend gentleman who' was in the witness box at'tho: time. :!.!..:» - : _ I;0!G.T. Frionds'/wHo likW'proimsedj contriliutiohsto the propded . basoarin 'aid of a Good Templars Hall/at Ne/Town, are requested to. forward them as darly ",ds'"p6s- siblc to thb 'ladics named in' the advertise ment. s Entertainment. — A public . meetingyand entertainment, in connection with : tho, Sun risd Lodge, I.O.G.T., 'will, take place this oreniug.m tho Memorial: . Hall, .-Brisbane- street when music,' readings, and rcoitatiotis . will be given. ',v '-yy.'r. ADactylic. — Alfred Perry was yesterday engaged at Government House drawing a cork- from ..a bottle .of .sherry,, .wheu ,,tho bottle j broke, aiid dn incised wound was , in- llictcd on tho little, finger of ' his left - liand; The woutid was dressed! oy, Dr. Macfariane, > Export of STock;-—THb barquo Waratah, whicli cleared out' at the' Customs yesterday for Napier; takes away twenty-two excellent draught and two blood, horses. The brigan-- tine Annie' which cloared'out'for .Noumea, takes a fine Durham bull - and a number of Leicester sheep. ' ! ! ."' ' The OtrUROii . News. —This - monthly peri® odical'ihas reached us bs usual tho day after tluit on which it was forwarded to our con temporary/The' present' nuinberi'icoiitains a large amount of interesting - local matter. Its' leader deals ' with the ; subject, ' ' Tho Christian Sunday," aud its reolly'oxcolleut criticism on Professor Tyndall's address is far and away the best and- most -tcmporate that has appeared on the subject in any of the Tosmonian periodicals. PuNisiniENT.— I havq !a great objection to corporal punishment — as two of my other works,' ' Advice to a Mother ' aud 1 Counsel , to a Mother,' abundantly testify. '.Is corporal ' punishment, then, never necessary ?" Yes,' now 'aiid then — that is to say, but vory seldom' and even' then, - not. until other means have .been; tried, and have failed/ When is corporal punishment allowable ?; When a child persists in telling lies ; when a child, after repeated admonitions, still con tinues to play with fire ; when a child, -> after .milder punishment, remains , grossly ;dia- obedieiit. The. 'milder puhishmehts to ho, tried before resorting to corporal punishment/ are, cither' fastening; liith in lus cliair,. -or putting him'in .a 'corner, aud keeping him there until.he 'acknowledges his fault,' and bees'. to' ,hc forgiven. The. moment . lio dOcs , soTiomu8t;be relcascidfromhis imnrisoument a kiss 'should be given him,' and all should bo forgotten.' The only persons ' to-adiniiiistb'r rerpqral'puhishment to a child ore either thoi Jather.V.or" the niotnbr ; no ' governess; ©r, servant should, on any account whatever - bo cdlowe'd" to . do !so. - In, imhiiliihg your cuua, ioc mm Bee tuat yon uo it more 111 sorrow than iu auger ' indeed, anger or ' sever ity ought never to he imported into the' imuishment of 'j an jiuuoceut,' defenceless, little child.;. if, ib.be, lasting. injury .will. bo injlioted upon him. ' If you have t6 punish ;your ©hit, do it at once,- and ' lot uot tho sun godswn.upon your wrath. \ ) When once- ' a child has been punished for doing what is wrong, do not,'- for tlio future,! twit' or taunt hiin with it— thofault, havizg been punished, : must atouco be condoned. Do. not. punish . -your child by sending him supperless to bed ; 'such imnishment would be utter folly— it would be only punishing his healtli/ ahd not' his evil temper or his misconduct. A child ought not tobe pnhishodtfor breaking any . article — a vase, for instauco — however valuable it might he, unless, indeed; it ' bo caused by an act qf-.disobedience— that is to - . say if he' had'beon warned hot' to touch tho ; vase, aud lie .had disobeyed ,tlu command,, then, ho must ! be!, punished — not for!. the breakage' ' but' for /the ! disobedience. , ;If . a child be brought up with gentleness and, yet with firmness, by love and yet with k discip-' linvery little corporal punishment will he require— the.less the hotter ;,,bufc . still there ! .are caste and times when corporal punish , 'ment is absolutely.. needed— suou, cases being the exception audnot the rule; when ; it. is . necessary, hqwover. painful.it might bo to a j mother's feelings, it must; bo a<jUnuiistcred. Personal ' Aptearanch of B i s jiarc k ! —A tall, square' man, straight as a pine, and ! rugged as a larch ; a man of plain attire, . - with qu ample brow and grey, retiring eyes; firm' nose andchin a hard, coarso moustache ; q scrougiy nuit, a self-contamed, a . froward sort of man, apparently all nerve and brain, \- JJ'ith ready word; and. open laughter en his . lips, and with a countenance so bold and frank that silence, if by chance ho should bo sileut, might appear to hide some ominous ' thought— such .was Bismarck von Sconbausen as he passed me under the linden an hour ago, as halo and kindly as a winter frost. Gaze on that frame from head to foot, a frame ereot and stiff as though the bones were steel, tho outer covering mail.1 The man is all of a-piece, strong, ready, blunt, aggressive, with a fixed belief in fact, in science, in the rule of . ..three. The gleam of superstition lingers oil uis fooo - no doubt, no . sentiment, no weakness, no remorse; A rocky and on- sympathising face it seems to casual lookers- . on. "Wheu laughter passes from the "ample brow to the unsparing lip, tho radiance is more like the fiash on burnished metal than the more poetic play of flesh and blood. . Danish Ladies.— The Danish character is remarkable for frankness and hospitality, and as transparent as glass. As a rule, the ladies are not what wo should ; deem beautiful, though somo of them are eminently so. Aftcr an interview or two' yon become liko ld friends. I had an' attack of illness which confined me to my bed for a day or two, and a lady, wliom we had met, ' came to visit us ' She sat by my bedside for half an hour, hold ing my hand in hers all the time, and talking iu a manner calculated to cheor an invalid's heart. On another 'occasion my wife and myself visited several newly-made lady friends, and I kissed six of thorn without a single blush among the eight of ub 1 I don't believe there's a coquette in all Scandinavia. — 'Wayside Notes in Scandinavia. Twenty-six births took place during the voyage of the immigrant Bhip Gothen- 'berg from Hamburg to New Zealand. Tiie first of October was a red letter day to all prisoners confined for debt in New Zealand. On that day first came into opcrntion the Act passed lost session abolishing imprisonment for debt. A lad of .13 years of age-met with his .death from the effects of the. heat on the 5tb November. He resided at Castlemaine, and after being in thesiih for ten 'minutes/ wqt mtq Lthe house and died without a straggle or a groan. 