low-water mark, and the river current would do the rest. I should be glad to endorse that opinion; but I venture to state, without fear of contradiction from any competent authority that this river would not scour out the channel to the intended depth, and if it did the constant work from the river and sea combined would fret away away the sides, causing tons of loose sand to continually fill and block up the channel, while the sand that was removed would be speedily deposited in the form of a bar at its mouth at a point where the sea and river waters met, and within a certain distance from which comparatively quiescent water is always found. It is consequently proposed to pile and sheet the channel throughout, and to continue the the sheeting across the river on the west side for a distance of 2,000 feet, so as to help in directing the water into the canal. The piles would be driven as soon as the sand is removed down to high-water level, and then after excavating as much under low-water mark as possible, the experiment might be tried if it were deemed desirable of letting the river scour out the channel to the further depth wanted. As proof that the current could hardly be depended upon for this purpose, Mr. Mais points out that the difference of level be- tween the water at Goolwa and the sea is only 1.02 feet, while the average velos- ity is only two and a half knots an hour — a velocity which floods do not materially inc- rease as their force is lost in the lakes. In any ease it would not do to utilize the river for excavating until groynes have been carried out seawards to at least a depth of 20 feet of water, otherwise the mud would be deposited by the current just around the new mouth, which would at once be made inaccessible. In support of this position, Mr. Mais directs attention to the fact that a similar scheme is being carried out in Gipps Land, Victoria, to remove the narrow neck of land which separates Lake King from the sea. There two piled wharfs, 400 feet apart and 700 feet long have been constructed along the entire width of the passage. As sudden and heavy floods prevail in Gipps Land, it is intended to trust to the force of the stream to scour out the channel after excavating to a certain to a certain depth below low water. But even then it is con- templated to run out groynes seaward, although their length has not yet been decided upon. The estimate of cost which is appended to the report is of course approximate; but in preparing it the Engineer-in- Chief ha3 been guided by all* the information, upon the subject in his possession and by his per sonal knowledge of the locality. The total sum that may have to be spent if the canal is constructed in the manner the report sug gests is £355,000. This, however, includes a contingent outlay of £61,000 for removing the sand below low-water mark if the scour of the stream is not found sufficient vo com plete the excavation. But even should thi expense be saved, the works that are deemed absolutely necessary add up to the respectable figure of £294,000. ' This allows £61,000 for cutting the channel, £140,000 for piling, and £93,000 for coc strncting the two groynes. Taken in con nection with the tenor of the report, this estimate leaves Parliament no other course than to decline committing itself to the canal scheme until further information is obtained. If by spending £300,000 or £400,000 important facilities could be gained for securing the river trade to this colony it would undoubtedly be a desirable transac tion. But to incur an outlay of that extent for works which after all might prove of little utility is quits a different matter. At the close of the report Mr. Mais expressly says :— ' I do not consider that sufficient data has been obtained to enable any engineer to decide with any degree of certainty upon the exact plans he would adopt and which he could say would be a decided success.' The caution thus manifested is in every respect wise, for the designing of harbour and similar works is well known to be one of the most delicate branches of civil engineering. To undertake them without the most comprehensive and exact information regarding the tidal and other influences that have to be provided against is to court failure. Until the further data spoken of in the report are forthcoming it would be simple folly for the colony to begin the construction of the canaL Istekcolonial Fbeb Trade.— The Inter colonial Free Trade Bill, which. wa3 read a first time in the House of Assembly on the 16th Lost, is, as stated by the Treasurer, identical in all important respects with the measure bearing the same title passed by the South Australian Parliament in 1871. The alteration in the Imperial lawupon the subject permits the adoption in the present Bill of a shorter and simpler preamble than was used before; but the number of clauses is the same, and with two exceptions they are reproduced verbatim from the previous measure. The first clause empowers the Government, with the advice of the Execu tive Council, to enter into an agreement with the Governors of all or any of the Australian Colonies for the interchange of colonial pro ducts, manufactures, and other merchan dise, either free from Customs duties, or at such reduced rates as may be determined upon. The one alteration in this clause is that spirits and tobacco are not) as in former instances, excluded from its operation. This modification has, we presume, been introduced to facilitate arrangements between this and adjoining colonies with regard to Border duties. Every agreement ia to be limited in duration to ten- years. It may alBo be terminated upon twelve months' notice, or altered or rescinded by mutual consent of the various parties thereto. The Governor is required by proclamation in the Gazette to make known what articles are affected by any reciprocity contracts he may enter into, and every alteration or rescission that may take place thereon has to be similarly announced. The Governor is further empowered to make Orders in Council for carrying the Act into effect, and in every case he is to notify them in the official organ. These are in brief the provisions of the Bill which the Parliament will now have the opportunity of pawing -with the certain fear that their labours will not be rendered nugatory by Imperial veto. Exporting Gold.— In the cargo list of the P. & O. mail steamer Nabia appears an entry of four boies, containing each 10,000 sovs., shipped by the Union Bank of Australia, also 800 o»i chiefly Northern Territory gold, sent by the £., S., and A. C. Bank. The Blinman Mail.— The latest mail from Adelaide for Blinman arrm.il at the latter place 10 hours late, owing to the bad state of the roads, the result of heavy rains having fallen between Kooringa and Boolcunda. Diseases in Stock.— The Government have published in the Qazetle of June 18th the very valuable report of the New South Wales Inspector of Stock upon the contagious diseases in Europe affecting or likely to affect Austra lian cattle. In a recent article we commented upon Mr. Bruce?3 remarks regarding pfeuro pneumonia and the efficacy of inoculation &s; a remedy for that scourge. We need only add that the whole of the report deserves to receive the most careful study from every stockholder in the colony. Concebt.— This evening a sacred concert and organ reeital will be given in the Pine- street Church. Mr. W. B. Cainner will preside at the organ. It will be observed on reference to the programme in another column that it contains, in addition, to several fine compositions for the organ from the great masters, a miscellaneous selection ef admired solos and concerted pieces of vocal music. Footbaix.— On Monday, June 22, a match is to be played between the Kensingtonfaad Gawler Football Clubs at Gawler. As each side has a strong team a lively game is expected. Customs Seizure.— At Pert Adelaide Mr. Searcy, an assistant landing- waiter of BLAI. Customs, on Thursday afternoon, June 18, noticed some packages being removed from the Aldinga to a cart, and on examination found that they contained a quantity of cigars. The vehicle had upon it the name of Mr. John Holbrook, Wilford Vineyard, Underdale, and the man is charge had been asked by the steward of the vessel to take the packages to the Railway Station for him, and not knowing the contents he consented. The packages, cart, and horse, were seized pending enquiries. Mb. aud Mrs. Case's Entebtaihment. — There was a large audience at White's Rooms on Thursday evening, June 18, to greet these favourites in their new programme. 'The Man in Possession' is of course similar in character to the other sketches of the Grace Egerton repertoire, its charm lying in the many odd people it intro duces. At the onset Mr. Case presents himself in the very critical state of love through which most aspirants for ' the fair' have to pass. The lady, however, objects to the perpetual espionage to which she is subjected, and plainly tells the swain that his room would be preferable to his company. The unfortunate gentleman, startled at tie development ef so decisive a policy, determines not to leave the house of Ms enslaver, where he is a visitor, and he puts into practice the bold idea of disguising himself as a bailiff, as the only r61e by which he can escape sum mary ejectment. The ' Man in Possession' thus appears on the scene. The lady, however, at once detects her adorer, and decides on pursuing a ' diamond-cut-diamond' revenge. Then follow a number of capital impersonations fully equal to anything Mrs. Case has yet given in Adelaide. The first is Lord Dunderhead, a nobleman of the true Dundreary stamp. Next comes Miss Judith Clinch, a personage who believes that woman has rights j and then Miss Darley Dashwood, a spirited young lady of decided ' tally ho, hark away ' propen sities. This is one of Grace Egerton s most natural and attractive representations. Sally Scuttles, the gushing mnd of all work, is followed by the final character of the sketch, Mrs. Mottlehead, an unlrppy woman whose dread of grey hairs has induced her to resort to ' invigorators ' and ' restorers.' The denoue ment is of course the usual happy one of mutual explanations and general felicity. As a whole ' The Man in Possession ' furnishes a pleasant hour's recreation. Of course the piece has in it a Dumber of good songs. The second part of the programme was miscellaneous, comprising reproductions of several of Mrs. Case's already popular oddities. As usual Mr. Case, in addition to his capitally-sustained representation of the unfortunate victim of his wife's versatility, con tributed delightful instrumental music, assisted by Mr. E. S. Hall. Special mention should be made of DeBeriot's gr-,rd concerto (violin), with piano accompaniment, which was a real treat. Thursday's programme will be repeated for the two remaining evenings of the week, and for Monday next another change of performance has been announced. The Theatbe.— We are pleased to be able to report a capital house at the Royal on Thursday evening. There was a good attendance in all parts, including His Excellency the Governor and suite. The dress circle especially was better filled than it has been for some time. It is gratifying to perceive that the public have at length, though late, awakened to the fact that there is something worth witnessing in the Shaksperian revival at this place of amusement Mr. Fairclongh appeared for the last time as Iago in the pathetic tragedy, ' Othello,' and, as on the former occasion of his playing, it won the universal approbation of the audience. Miss Bowring's Emilia we have before said fr her most successful effort, and siQl adhere to that opinion; the rendering of what is too often made a subordinate part was something to be remem bered. Mr. Carey as Othello was deserving of much commendation for many excellent poiats, though we think there was a slight excess of passion at times. Miss Ansted as Desdemcna and Mr. Holloway as Cassb were also thoroughly effective. It should be borne in mind that this and to-morrow evening^ will be the last occasions on which Miss Bo wring and Mr. Faircloagh will perform — to-night as Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, and on Saturday they make their final appearance as the Danish Prince and the Queen in ' Hamlet.' We sincerely hope they will be well patronised. Cbutsal Sittings.— The trial of Mary Agues Townsend, aged 18, and Agnes Townsend, her mother, charged with the murder of the infaut thild of the youngar prisoner, occupied the Supreme Court the whole of Thursday, June 18. The Crown Solicitor conducted the case for tb.« prosecution, and Mr. J. W. Downer defended the prisoners. At the conclusion of the medical evidence His Heuor held that the indictment for murder could not be sustained, inasmuch as the doctor was unable to say positively whether the infant had been born alive. The case than proceeded on the count for unlawful concealment of birth. On the application of Mr. Dewner the elder prisoner was discharged, His Honor directing the Jury that in the pre sent state of the law of the colony only the mother can be charged with concealing the birth of a child. The trial of the girl for the lesser offence was then proceeded with, and it resulted in a verdict of guilty. She was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment; The only other matter brought before the Court was that «f Bath, Eritcher, and Johns, who were recently committed at the Police Court for conspiracy in connection with a horserace. On the applica tion of Mr. Ingleby, who appeared with tho Crown Solicitor for tie prosecution, the informa tion was withdrawn, and the parties were allowed to confer. The Court will sit this (Friday) morning, when the only remaining case on the calendar, that of James Geharty, charged with horsestealing, will be heard. A Notobious Scamp.— On Wednesday, Jun« 17, a man, who gave the name of George Francis, was brought before Messrs. J. Harvey and P. Rowland, J.P.'s, at Salisbury, charged with vagrancy and retaining money under false pretences. The prisoner, who had, in company with a woman, taken possession of a tanantless hut on tke Little Para, viiited numerous houses in and around Salisbury with a woeful tale, pre senting in almost every case a letter said to be for a friend in the country, and which he could not post for want of a stamp. By this means he obtained a considerable amount in stamps, cash, or provisions, besides evoking much sympathy on his behalf. Three or four days had been thus spent when Trooper O'Connor stopped the proceedings by arresting him. The prisoner during the hearing of the charge against him showed considerable acquaintance with Police Court procedure, and was impudent in his behaviour. He was committed for a month to gaol, where he is well known as Nicholas Budd, Matt, Delat.— Last week's Adelaide mail for Port Augusta did not reach Hb destination till 14 hours behind its proper time, and the delivery took place at 10a.m. on Sunday. Sudden Death.— An inquest was held on Wednesday, June 17, at Upper Wakefield, on the body of Elizabeth Dempsey, wife of Felix Dempsey, farmer, she having been found dead in her bed on the morning of the 16th, although she had retired to rest the evening before appa rently in good health. Mr. J. E. Bleechmore, J.P., acted as Coroner, and Mr. R. P. Strike was the Foreman. Benjamin McGuire deposed that he last saw deceased alive on Monday in her dairy at about 8 o'clock, when they were churning. She made no complaint of ill-health, and he never heard her quarrelling with her husband. The witness never knew of deceased complaining of pains in her head or any part of her body. Anton Vogt, qualified medical practitioner, said that he was called on Tuesday morning by Mr. Dempsey to see his wife, who he said was dead. Made a thorough practical ex amination. The expression of her face showed that she had not been struggling, but black spots on her face and neck indicated that her death had been sudden. She was near her con finement. Deponent thought that she must have died from an apopletic fit. He had attended deceased before and considered her liable to apopletic fits. When witness saw her she was lying on her back. There were no appearances of death by poison, nor were there any bruises on her body. She had never com plained to deponent of pains in her chest. Con sidered that her death was caused by apoplexy. Felix Dempsey stated that his wife was aged about 38 years. On witness returning home from Auburn on Monday afternoon she told him that she thought she would be laid up with pains in her bones. She did not look as well as usual, but still went on with her ordinary work. Deceased had not been lately laid aside. Witness went to bed at about half-past 8, leaving his wife sitting by the fire. She retired to rest after 10 o'clock, and woke up after she had been in bed two hours complaining of not feeling warm. When she went to sleep she appeared to breathe very heavily, and de ponent having enquired if she was awake, she answered. Woke next morning and called the little girl who was sleeping in the next room three times, and wondered that he did not wake the deceased. Then put his hand upon her shoulder, and found that she was quite dead. At once sent for his brother, and witness went to Auburn for the doctor. Deceased had never been subject to fits. She was always healthy, but not strong. He could in no way account for her death. There had never been any poison in the house but bluestone. He had always lived on good terms with his wife. The Jury re turned the verdict that Elizabeth Dempsey died in a fit of apoplexy. Serious Accident.— On Sunday last, as Mr. F. Heinecker was proceeding from Palmer Church to his home with his wife and son, a wagon approaching from behind collided with the spring-cart in which they were seated. The violence of the shock was bo great that both Mrs. Heinecker and her Eon sustained very serious personal injuries. It is hoped, however, that both will eventually recover. The South Waukabdkia.— A general meeting of this North-Eastern Beefing Company was held on Thursday, June 18, Mr. J. Calder presiding. The report of the Liquidator stated that the plant and materials had been disposed of at satisfactory prices, and that a dividend would be paid out of the proceeds. The report, with the balance-sheet, was adopted. Cbjcketing DctSEB.— On Thursday evening, June 18, the annual dinner of the Kensington Cricket Club was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel, Adelaide. About 20 members and several friends from other Associations sat down to an excellent spread. Mr. A. Crooks, the captain, presided, with Mr. J. R. Burton in the vice chair. The Chairman presented to Mr. F. C. Aldridge, the highest scorer in the past season, a colonial bat, manufactured by Mr. Peck, of Morphett Vale. Various toasts were given, and the proceedings were very pleasant. New Caledonia and the Atjstbaiias.— The Revue AusiralienTie for May, after quoting some remarks of the Melbourne Argus and the Sydney Umpire on the trauifer of the commerce of New Caledonia from Melbourne to Sydney, adds the opinion that Sydney cannot hope to le for an indefinite period the port of supply {revitailltment) for Noumea. After some years, we believe, and as soon as ever we have at Noumea an honest and intelligerb Government, New Caledonia will prefer to have its steam vessel communications with Brisbane, from which it is separated by a distance which a steamer can easily traverse four times in a month. In the same article it is said that it would be reasonable, and not difficult, fcr the Australian Colonies to guard themselves against the intro duction of escaped convicts from New Caledonia, as Victoria and South Australia have protected themselves from the landing of a similar class of persons from Western Australia. 'To the law,' adds the same writer, 'there should be added a Convention simply intercolonial. We do not believe an international convention would be necessary to obtain from the Caledonian authorities the deliverance of the certificates of which we speak (that none of the persons on board a ship are escaped convicts); besides, the colonies have a right to refuse the liberty to enter their territory. They have already proved it; and in the interest of her subjects England, who has established at Noumea a consular agent, might charge him with delivering the passport in question.' In the A pril number is a letter from M. Henri Kochefort, containing a brief expression of his opinion concerning the Government of New Caledonia. After acknowledging the kind welcome given him by the editor of the Mevue Auttralienne, he says:—' Tou have understood, from your first number, that the rule of the epaulette is scarcely of any more use at six thousand leagues from the metropolis than in the metropolis itself. The life of every new country dwells in the spontaneous enterprise (initiative) of those who are willing to settle there. The first duty of an intelligent Govern ment is, therefore, to loosen the reins to the colonists, not to check them with bit and bridle. But France is, at this day, so thoroughly en gulfed in arbitrary domination that she manu factures it, after a sort, for exportation. Administrative puerilities and caprices have already discouraged the best intentions. Men who came to settle on the Caledonian soil have gone back by every steamer before the diffi culties which were raised up against them and the conditions to which they found themselves despotically subjected. Against this regulating to-death, in our opinion, you must continue to strive, or you will have to see broken up and perishing before your eves the only French colony where the climate is not fatal, as it is at Senegal, as it is at Cochin-CIiina, as it is in the Antilles, and in Guiana.'— Brisbane Courier, Government Immigrants in Queensland. — A debate in the Parliament of Queensland is thus summarized by the Britbane Courier of June 3 : — ' In the Legislative Assemby yesterday a dis cussion was originated by Mr. De Satge* on the quality of the immigrants at present being received from England. The non. member characterized the late arrivals as being in many respects worse than South Sea Islanders. Mr. Wienholt termed them a disgrace to any civilized community. Mr. Macalister admitted the in ferior character of the immigrants lately intro duced, and said the matter had given the Go vernment serious uneasiness. That day a Cabinet meeting had been held for the Purpose of consi dering the whole question. The Government could no longer hold the Agent-General irre sponsible for the character of the immigrants coming here, and they meant to make alterations to secure a better description of people. Mr. Palmer warmly defended Mr. Dsintree, and deprecated the conduct of the hon. member for Ncrmanby in bringing the matter forward with out consulting the leader of bis party, as it was simply playing the game of the Colonial Secre tary. He said that the people now being brought to the colony, although they might perhaps indulge in a little drinking after their arrival, compared favourably with those introduced under a former system of immigration, inasmuch as it could not be said they were paupers.' The Hawkesbubt Handicap.— 'Augur,' in the Australasian, says of this Sydney eveat that it has closed with an entry of 39 horses, only three of which number belong to Victorri owners. The quality fa very good, for Dasj worth, Javelin, Keprieve, The Prophet, Priam, Horatio, Goldsbrough, Speculation, FitzYatten don, McCallum Mohr, Mentor, Ella, Stirling, and Viva appear in the list, and the result of this big handicap will give an idea ef the form of the crack stable* of New South Wales. TeetotaUsm. — At a temperance meeting on ?Wednesday evening, June 17, at St. Luka's Church Schoolroom, Mr. A'0 Chambers pre sided, and Messrs. T. Moore, R. Buttery, E. E. Kessel, and J. Rule spoke. There was a good attendance, and several persons gave in their names for membership. At Beverley, as already reported, a gathering was held the previous evening. There 11 agreed to become Good Templars. The Teetotal Mission also hid another meeting ou the 17th at Kensington; Mr. M. A. Mad^e was the Chairman, and the Rev. H. T. Burgess, Messrs. Leake, Bone, and Thomas spoke. Twenty-one persons presented themselves for membership. In the Sturt Bible Christian Chapel, Mr. J. E. Pascoe presided, and Messrs. Winwood and Culvert delivered addresses. Six came forward to sign the total ' abstinence pledge. At the Halifax - street : Schoolroom on the night of the 16th inst., Mr. . W. W. Winwood took charge of a meeting, and addresses were given by Messrs. H. Buttery and T. Bailey. In the Oddfellows* Hall, Mr. E. F. Kingdon presided: there was a large attendance, and 22 joined the order. At Christchurch Schoolroom, North Adelaide, Archdeacon Marryat, who was is the chair, expressed hia entire sympathy with the object of the Mission, and said he wished it every sucess. The Rev. J. Tfcorne and Mr. W. W. Winwood spoke, and at the close several individuals handed in 'their names as intending members. fFrom yesterday's Evening Journal] The Prisokkr Anderson.— We understand that this unfortunate young man, who was mentioned in Thursday's Register as having formerly been in the employ of Messrs. Bona'd eon, Andrews, & Sharland, was only in their tervice for a few weeks, during which short period bis conduct was unexceptionable. The Outgoing Fnglish Mail— As intimated m our advertising columns, the mail contractor has chartered the sterner Sophia for 'the em barkation of the mails and the conveyance of intending passengers by the P. &. O. steamer Nubia. The Fairy's new machinery is not quite completed. Extra trains are advertised by the Railway Company. Not Paying the Pbintib.— The American Press generally regard as a serious crime the non payment of printers, but a colonial paper has lately written thus upon tho subject:—' Looking over an old ledger we see a long array of names of former subscribers who are indebted to u s. Some of them have moved away, and are lost to sight, although to memory dear; others are carrying the contribution-boxes in our most respectable churches; and others again hava died, and are now angels in heaven; but they owe us just the same.' Sales of Shares. — Equitable Insurance shares were sold on Thursday, June 18, at 32*. each ; and National Barks, on 'the Adelaide register, at £6 19s. Considerate Act.— It wul be remembered that not long ago Mr. F. Luck, of near Gawler, died under peculiarly painful circumstances, and we now learn that Ms widow and family were left in a straitened position. The deceased had some time previously paid tbe first premium on a policy in the Mutual Provident Society, but a claim for the £300 insured could not be made, as it was distinctly provided that in a case of suicide happening within 18 months of the date of the assurance no money is payable. Friends of the bereaved, however, represented the whole of the circumstances to the Executive ? of the Associr tion, and the Board of Directors, while bound by the ruleB to declare the policy void, made a present to the widow and family of £300. Supposed Gambling Swindlb.— The Ballarat correspondent of tke Argus writes : — ' Those portions of Ballarat where gamblers most do congregate have been sorely vexed lately by a rumour of some one being caught red-handed cheating at loo. The persons directly interested in the matter are all well know a, and may be described as two publicans holding a respectable position in society, two respectable tradesmen, and an equally respectable public officer. The alleged cheating consisted in the introduction to the party by one or two of its members of packs of cards which, to the initiated, pointed out on their backs the ace, king, and queen of each bait, and consequently gave those in the secret a great advantage. Two or three packs of cards which one of the party left behind him have beea secured, and they show clearly that they have been tampered with since the maker turned them out of his hands. The stationer who sold them hss been found, and he declares they have been ' painted ' since they Jrft bis shop, and that he sold them to one of the five players. The person who is accused of painting them urges that had he done so he rever would have left the proof of his guilt to fall into the hands of his accusers, and alleges that the accusation is raised against him by borne of the party who lost their money fairly enough, with a view to 'bounce it out of him again. Instructions were given by the accused party to his solicitor to commence legal pro ceedings against those who he says are libelling him, as his version of the story is that the painting of the cards was performed by the Earties who now accuse him of the fraud, after e left them, with a view to support their object ot making htm refand the money he had won. It will be a curious and difficult case from which to unravel the trutb, and as other witnesses besides the parties directly concerned on the occasions in question are to be called, ard as they are all well-known people, the trial will be looked forward to with great interest.' Highway Robbery in Victoria.— Robberies om the Queen's highway seem to be coming into fashion again. Perhaps the proposed release of Gardiner from Darlinghurst Gaol, New South Wales, has infused fresh energy into that par ticular class of gentlemen who tike to ride other men's horses and appropriate other people's money. A case of highway robbery is thus reported by the Ingleaood Advertiw: — ' Wbat appears to have been a most determined and successful attempt at 'sticking up' was perpe trated on the Newbridge-road, near Messrs. Boy, Simpson, & Co.'s station. A carter, named John McLean, living at the Four Posts, beyond Serpentine, reported to Constable Shaw, at Bridgewater, that he was travelling from Tar nagulla to Bridgewater, and being unable to reach Bridgewater the same evening he camped for the night near Catto's paddock. About 8 p.m. he observed two men on horseback, who rode up to whers be was camped. They dismounted, tied up their horses, and came towards him, when he taw their faces were hidden by crape masks. When they came up to him, they each drew a revolver, at the same time demanding his money. He stated that he bed none, and they replied that he had, as they krew when he had sold his potatoes. The} searched him, but found nothing, McLean Laving, according to his own statement, thrown his purse, containing £2 10a. in notes and silver, into his dray when he saw the men coming. The men must have seen him do so, for after searching him they went to the dray, where they found the purse and money, which they appropriated, and having apparently secured all they wanted, they remounted their horses and rode away. Next morning McLean went on to Bridgewater, aad was advised to report his Iocs to the police, whica he did. The police have since made every effort to discover the perpetrators of the outrage, but without success, and it is doubtful if they will be able to do bo, as McLean professes bis inability to identify or give the slightest description of either men or horses.' Mabini Insurance,— The Melbourne Argut tells that a meeting of ships' agents has been held at the Chamber of Commerce to consider a new form of average bond, together with resolutions adopted by a meeting of merchants and importen. Mr. Jeffrey (Vice- President of the Chamber of Commerce) occupied the chair. The bond, with tbe resolutions, affirming the desirability of all moneys received as average or selvage deposits being paid into a separate Bank trust account, in the came of the ship's agent, appeared to meet with the general ap proval of all present, and it was agreed to recemmend to the Chamber the desirability of at once acting upod these resolutions. It was incidentally mentioned that some shipping firms had already the same form of bond in use. Some discussion ensued upon a proposal to adopt tke oystem in vogue in the West Indies, viz., that two average adjusters should be ap pointed—one by the ship's agent and the other by the consigmees of cargo — and that in the event of dispute they should appoint an umpire to decide between them. The meeting was strongly opposed to the proposal, and coBBe quently no action was taken in the matter. THE PROPOSED RIVER MURRAY CANAL. The report of the Engineer-in-Cbief upoa ttc proposed canal between the River Murray ?t-d the tea, will disappoint the friends of taut Echeme for improving the navigation of the river. The report is based upon tho preliminary surveys and borings which have been made between Goolwa and tha Murray Mouth during the pwt year, and it altogether discourages the notion thai the formation of a new outlet for the waters 0! the iiverjwill te either so simple or so in expD'.ave an operation aa at first sight might; be Luppoced. It even raises serious doubts as to whether the adoption ef the canal project would permanently render the river more accessible to shipping than .t now is. Mr. Mais, who through iut the report expresses nimaeii witn audable caution, is clearly cf opinion that t would not do so. The conclusion he ]&s; come to through reading the various recommendations which have been made in he past for improving the mouth of. the MmrayiB 'that it would be better to assist nature in forming a proper entrance lo the iiver than to form an artificial mouth ?n another place.' At the Bame /oe he represents that the information it present available upon the subject is not sufficient to enable any engineer to say definitely what is the best course to pursue. Hu thuiks highly of the plan elaborated by Mr. Aberntthy for improving the Murray mouth, but insists most strongly that before the colony commits itself to any scheme more precise and thorough observations should be instituted regarding the tidts, winds, and currents which prevail in the locality where the works are to be con structed. Unless that is done erroneous calculations and a serious discrepancy between anticipations and actual results will be unavoidable. His advice on the point is eo judiciouB that unless the scheme is at once abandoned, which would be doing it less than justice, no time should be lost in entering upon the collection of compre hensive data of the kind alluded to. With regard more particularly to the permanent utility of the proposed canal, Mr. Mais enters into a careful exposition of the various causes that operate to produce the sand bars to which all rivers like the Murray are liable at ,the point where their watei3 are discharged into the open aea. Eddies depo:it the silt which the /rat going stream has brought down in suspension. Storms throw up the sea sand, which presently settles at the most quiescent gpot. An the currents running out from a navigable river are not usually strong enough to again disturb these deposits, they aoca mulate into formidable banks, which are continually shifting their position, as they are acted upon by storms from different quarters. Protection against such hindrances to navi gation is gererally sought by running out groynes on each side of the mouth of the river in'BUch a direction cud into such a. depth of water that the waves will not break within (them. Guards of this kind would have to be provided at the mouth of the proposed canal, or else it: would soon silt up, and present all the inconveniences which now appertain: to the natural outlet. Although this adde conBiderably to the costliness of the: undertaking, it must be remembered that for the channel to be of any lasting benefit it must be carefully protected. Mr. Mais*!! proposal is to cut the canal through the sandhills, so as to conduct the waters running past Goolwa and the west ride of Hindmarsh Island by the moat direct route into the ocean. The channel would be three-quarters of a mile long from the west ; bank of the river to low-water mark on the beach, with a width of 200 feet at high water and a depth of 20 feet at low- water spring*. Aa to the process of effecting the exca vation Mr. Mais says:— 'I am quite aware that the popular opinion is that nothing more is needed than to cut the tandhills (itself no easy matter) down to 