'?[', '- TE LEGU APHIC SUIM M AE Y'. . ; ?; ;.' ' ? ...::.' '.. London. Sent. 4. The mismanagement of -the Pacific mail service excites serious misgivings. 'Tlie. agents have for two ; months ' declined /to book passenger's .through to:. ''.Australia, according, to. letters of, complaint. The San Francisco agents refused to .endorse the railway tickets of passengers froih Australia per Tartar, although tthey had prepaid their fares to Liverpool! They en dured great hardships;, and some were, compelled to - pawn their watches and other valuables to get on ; others are still detained in America. From explanations it appears that the Lundon and .American agents had warned the company's repre sentative in Australia- that unless funds to pay the, transit acrpssthe United States aurl. Atlantic passages were remitted they could not guarantee) passengers going forward.. The: agents' letters were ac knowledged, but no money was sent. An offer lias been made to: the: Governments at Sydney and New Zealand. : to -take over the contract and continue the service, in consideration of an : extension of; tiuif and oilier advantages. '.Without prompt action the servico will cea--e. . : : ' An ex-M, P., writing to. the 2Vwe*-, sug gests that .the ; self-supporting colonies should bear the expenses of vessels cf: the' Imperial navy cruising in 'their waters. Tt is the practice of Dutelicolonies; The Press generally thinks it -worthy of imiiation. ff.M. sloop Sappho is to be im'mt-di - ately commissioned for service on the Australian stations. The Secretary,: 'or- the Colonies' has agreed to act in abritratipu between. Bri tish Columbia :and the 'Dominion,, of Canada f-ir the 'settlement ofthe disagree ment respecting the terms of union, pro. vided tliat both- Governments agree 'to accept his derision as final. ?- '??'?'. Sir H. Holland has resigned the assis tant under- secrefcarysuip of iho t-qlonies, and is the- Conservative' candidate for Midhurst. In his published address to the electors he strongly advocated a closer connexion between. England and her colonies as being advantageous t-- both. ? Upon his 'return ? from Ireland, : Sir C. Gavan Duffy visilbd Lord Carnarvon ' at High Acn-. ?'?.''?'?'? ? ; : ? Win. Hopw ood, who was a witnnss 'in the Tichborne case, has been sentenced to n year's imprisonment for bigamy. The claimant's late secretary applied' for a summons against Mary. Ann Loder for perjury, anil the applicant was referred to me uourc oi v^ueeu s dimiuu. ? : Mr Sothern has relinquished the idea of visiting Australia. Tho project ha- been revived for proof ing ii permanent building for the colonial exhibition. The right hon. H. C. E. Childers has bnpn nominated chairman of the Great Western Eail way of Canada, The labor markot still remains in a highly inflamed condition, and the wages question proves difficult of adjustment. The Belfast strike, affeotlcg 40,000 per. sons, after lasting eight weeks, was termi nated on too 26th August, by submission to the masters' terms. On tho same day, at a meeting attended by 12,000 persons', some quarrymen, near Betbcsda, it was agreed to accept concessions offerod by Lord Penrliyn, subject to tho dismissal of two obnoxious agents, and minimum weekly wages to bo 30s to skilled men. These conditions being refused, tho men have cleared out their , tools from tho quarry. The miners of Fifeshire and CJaokmannnnshire having refusod to sub mit to a reduction of 15 per cent., th» masters have decreod a goneral lock-oat. Tho men, however, aro not agreed ; 2100 voted' for resistance, and 1154 for an acceptance of the terms, 33iX) have not voted, and secession from tho union is probable. In West Lancashire, Flint shire. Lanarkshire and Durham, notices' of reduction have been given by colliery' owners. A similar movement is impend* ing in Northumberland. . The Yorkshire and Derbyshire masters and men sub mitted the : question of reduction to arbitration in London, and the decision affirmed the demands of the employers for 12£ r per cent., rebatement. Some Leicestershire miners have struck against the reduction of 6d per day. After pro tracted resistance and several conferences the South Wales miners agreed to sub rait to If) per cent, reduction, on condition: that the wages : aro not again lowered during the present 'year; The bulk of locked-out ; laborers ' have 'obtained work wit h;6iit: surrendering their tickots at im proved wages. Any aged men, however, by joining',, the union, will have' to enter workhouses. The lock-out lasted 18 ji-eeks, and cost the union £25,000. 400 men have, emigrated,: and '870 have re turned to work without giving up their tickets, and about -400 aro still unem ployed/ ' The pilgrim; ! band finally broke up at TTaHfuxi only 21- 'of the originallOO remaining.' ,' At' Bradford some were ar rested' on [a! charge' bf^begging! : About £700 was 'cleare'd.' ;,'/', ,',' , ..',:; '' '.?'.'',-.'. ' .'. }, The Quebn.remains inScb'tland till No veraber. .On hisireturnfrom Icelandjthe Danish King:visited Edinburgh, wherohe nxperienRed anehthusiasti'o welcome. iA fl.'et of 14 steamers went out to escortitho Eoyal.party, and the city 'was gailyide corated in hbnpr: of the 'occasion. - -The Princess of Wales accompanied her father back to' Copenhagen; '' ' ''.'!'' . Tho Prince. of . Wales, .meanwhile, has fiiiured.in' a ; series of festivities, at Ply mouth to .celebrate the opening of the iiovr Guild Hall, c'-sting! £400.000. ; . On one day. there, was a grand : Freemason's de monstration, and on the closing day .'a military ceremony and performance1 of The 'Creation, at thV Guild; Hall.- The irrince arrived at ftaarlborougu riouso'on the 22nd, and during the .'day visited the Empress of 'Austria, ahd.'.'tl.ib Prince and Princess of Eoumania, . arid the Prince of .tho i Asturias., / The five Eoyal children left the same. day. ,iu.tho: yacht Osbprne for Copenhagen. »? ?: : ';:,. ?:,?,,; 1 ThbDuko and Duchess of Edinburgh; nTter beihg: banqueted at-Brussels; reached .Folkestone 2Qth August, on their retiirh from. ft conf-.ini-rital 'toiir:1- ' Tlifi 'town1 wna docorated, and. an :addroi:s of welcome ..was';pre'sented ; they, have been' since, at Balmoral. fOh,:the 28th \ the. rDuk'o pays ?a-visit.to Liverpool for several days. The Imperial Prince and, Princess of Germany lpffc Uyde 24th August for the. Continent. ?ThePHnce o 'Waleswent lo.Berlin a wetk later, to. be,present at the confirmation1 of tlio Imperial;Prince's. eldest son. On the 1st September he 'will accompany ; the Emperor to witness the military manoeu vres at Hanover. ; . V ; \ ; ..:' The'. Emperor of Austria has arrived in England incognito to join the Emprossiin the Isle of :Wight. , ?:?':,'?? ;.! . The. Count dejarnao has been appointed French' Ambassador in London. : ' The new bishops, St.: David's and Cen tral Africa, were consecrated on :24th, August in; Westminister . Abbey '?? by the Archbishop of Canterbury. ' : : . . The evidence being insufficient to prove the charges preferred against Sir George Elliot, the member for North. Durham, the petition was withdrawn. , '??? : MrGladstono, in a letter to the Guar dian, denies the' statement industriously propagated that the- Queen had endea vored to influence his conduct with re? .sard1 to the ^Public Worship .Regulation Bill..-' ','; ': ?'.!. ' '': : ' The reversal, by the Dean of Arches of. the Bishop of Exeter's judgment in the Exeter Enrcdos- case excites much, inte rest in clerical circles. :. . . .- ? ' ' The break-up of the Ashantee monarchy is quickly followingon tho English victory. Tno Kings of DJuabin and Beequa having declined to renew their homage to King Coffee, 'lio has appealed to the British Ad ministration litCapeCoastCastlo for assist dnce.and the situation is furthercomplicated by a report that the hostile kings have been promised support by the chief of Akim and Denkara. Captain Lees having: gone lo'Coomassie to mediate, has been well received. , Lieutenant. Cameron, in a letter to the F- r-ign Office, has declared that the slave tra'le still flourishes in a belt of jungle villages about. a week's inarch from the Ea«t Coast. In order to destrov the .traffic! he recommends the construction of a railroad from Bagomoys to Ujiji, under the protection of a European commis sioner. . Mr Gladstone, as a shareholder in the Metropolitan . Eail way Company, has written to tho chairman, recommending more moderate fares, and the substitution 'of. two elttssps'of passengers for three ; to minister 10 tno wants or me greatest number he regards as the wisest polioy. There are indications of a revival of Liberal courage and unity ; three demon strations have taken place at Frame, Brighton and Sheffield, at which places spirited ad'!res«»s wi-re delivered by Mr Goschen a^d Mr Fawcett. Professor Tyndall, the president, deli vered the inaugural address before the. British Association. He demanded ahio*-* lute liberty for scioatifto WTeatignU90, W& thdnisubnaisisipn' :of' aHrfligjous1 theories, schotneJs.ahd systems tb.its| decisions). jHe- vnjflrdfterivvards- ably svpported by Pro-. fepjRorHuxloy.- .:?;:;,:.,,, ; . t*J'he ''''''e'lah National .Eistcjlf odd has been hel^Vat Bangor, end attracted an. lp-.riiense audience. 'The Bishop, of ?Ban'g'ori.proaided; AtWelsli oration was.deiiyered'by Mr .Mot gan£loydi M.P. In'thc choral' co'rhpeliti6'ri fo'r'fAHrty gUfnead nhd a gold medal',- the. pfte&'va&wonby; tho Carnarvon Pliilhnr nuWilc Society. Other gold and A\Ytt irieflals Trero competed for. The meeting, ?wilV-belicld ncxt'year lirConway Castle. (.Ah association is 'Being formed in Iwri-. OOu'lO prosecute ruimusuu uiurg} uiuu uuuur th^hcw^uct. , . ,- . . ?? i ^An .exciting controversy inimical to the popularity of the Ebglish Cliurc'h , has been provolced by the refuanl of a clergyman, sunportccl'by the Bishop'of Lincoln, to per snit '{he wo HI ' r'dvorbud' to %e inscribed on tfid'tytobstiiic'df li'da'ughlcrof a Wckleyan ri(iih1M«r. -T'ietral-jectVas brought befOrfe 'thfc'fc'tfn'fere'nce during, the recent sittings. Aftftfbtfehdp Tatts, S. G.O., in the Times, ?null .'other correspondents, condemn the:bitter intioleranoo of the sncerddtal party. ;;U'h;e Henry-Martini rifle is about to be issued to, the army without delay, and armo Tiesihre' being manufactured at Woolwich surocientNtp hold 100,000 new weapons. ' . Treinatioii gains ground in . 'European dpiWdrl, while in Anieidica German sdcieties ^trfi'^irih'giiig up for bnrnin|rt)h6 dead. ? lOn Saturday, 22nd August, ' the great ?hbBibr'-y factory of Messrs. Morley, at Swin ton;-ncar Nottingham; was burnt down, and ilOjOOO1 worth of property destroyed, 600 ?persona/wore thrown out of employment Inoenfliarism is suspected. Early on Sunday njqfnfng Messrs. llichardaon's laige .paper iuiilai near .Tarrow-on-Ty tie, n'er'o consumed. Tn^'^a'timat'eddamhReis 6Q.0OO. On Monday iti . extdhsjive coriflagra'tioh occurred in aontnamptou aocKS, resuming in me ucsiruc tiph.bfthe rhngo of buildings occupied by tli'e iloyiil Mail Company, nnd used as work shops; The loss is estimated at .several thbusandipoUnds. On Tuesday n. fire broke ?qfltintho-top floor of the South Prison at 'Glasgow. The flame were not subdued until the west wiug was gutted. On the 16th X'uguEt, owing to the ignition bf a thatched stack, a considerable part bt 'the town of Market Parborbug'h wac burned down. ? A aWtr'uctive fire beciirre'd at Mr Gresiy's tfnflWi'-ij'ard, Manchester ; 'the loss waR .£?10,000. feir Arthur Guinness's extensive pdfteratoresat Shannon Harbor have been totally destroyed by fire. ; ... . ', ; .]The reconstruction of the Pantechnicon in eightseparate sections, and provided with dbuble wrbuglit-iron dbbrs/is rapidly .pro ceeding, . ' .'FoUr'Hte's were lost by a collery explosion near Stanley, caused by the exjfosiirfe of a Wdlrea candle tiyiichidtentfO the Witiflirtg ' 'p&r; at the pit's'mbuth. At Brdadbalt ! Col . -li^ry, in Wolcs, 120 imen were confined ih th«:pit nearly .two.days. . ... Two .more lives were sacrificed by a colli fiitiii between two mineral trains . on . the jRhymney railway, near Dow|ais.- 'One heavy 'train dashed. down a steep incline into ano jtKer'sfeBding at the 'station,., killing the (jr'iverand stoker. '.' , . il'terrible trageSyobcurred at ihe Princess 'Cltib; Manchester, on '25th August, Where a 'ytitiiig Werchant naniiidBitt^.'a'fter shaking hands with another named Maclean, shot Jrim.'deud arid then instantly slew himself. !A iverdict of temporary insanity was re turned. , ^ After a fortnight's .search the body of' :Mr Hilton, a master o'f 'a (London ladies' tschopl,'lost on Snowdbn on 1 It'll August, was ;'fou'nd at the footbt .a precipibe. , Another 'napSter-has been drowned- aJt'Whitby. 'the Mersey Docksahil HatbOt Board have 'ihtitoated to the gas company that they hol'd ?them: responsible for the des'ttfuctidn '6f-the ' landing ? stage, othrough this/ carelessness Of ione. of: their plumbers. A; Chilian iron«lad,- built' at 'Earle's.yard, at Hul),. and designed by Mr Jteed, has macle _a. successful trial trip. . '' 'Mr Fugin continues his attacks, and dur ing a hearing at Bow-street on the libel ' \--5iarge brought against the proprietor of the 'Westminister Gaiette, a Writ Whs served on: Mr Herbert nt the suit of Mr Pu'gin, which; Iprovoke'd a, disorderly scene in court, iandj scandalised the magistrate. Mr Pugin has! ?been committed for. trial: for libel, and bail ?accepted, j ..'.-'.;' . /tTbejX/uw/joo/ Leader . has been mulcted ini £2500 damages for alleged libel in exposing rthe rottenness of a public supply, association,; 'and one farthing in another action, for con-: 'de'mning'the management of the Liverpool 'Theatre Rbyal. Mr \Vprmald, of Lincoln College, suc ?ceeds'MrStaunton as editor of 'the chess '{column in: the Illustrdted Neios. -. JThe Alexandra Park liaces were attended .hy 25,000 persons ;*the fields were excellent. , Saddler has accepted the challenge of George Brown, of Nova Scotia, to row for ?..£600 and the championship of the world. Ttie date of the race is 19th October, at Coleraine, Ireland. In the International TJriiversity BoatHace, on the Dee, between Aberdeen and Edin-* -bnrgh, the former'woii by a length. ? The' Great Northern Lego r at Stockton wiis won by Trent, by haU a length over -Rostrevor, and nt Oxford* the Princess of ., Wales -Plate was won by Cran bourne, and .Wild Myrtle won the Oxfordshire Stakes. : ., .A ladies cricket match has been, played in ]3ucks between two elevens. The Nash ./ladies in one innings scored 115, against 86 ' in their opponents' two innings. One lady ^contributed 61 runs. 'A cricket match at ?Brighton, between Sussex and Notts,ended in a decisive victory for Sussex. 'At the regatta, of the Royal 'Victoria ? Yncht Club, the commodore's Cup was, won by-St. Ursula, and the Vice-Commodore's .Gup. by the cutter Cythera. The ICgeria .again .won the Princess of Wales' Challenge ?Cup. ,'Arailway to the summit of Mount Vesu vius' is projected. ? - ? ' ' ' ^Etna is in eruption. - ;. Brigandage is assuming dangerous i-ropor- ; tions in Sicily. ; i :!TUe pssenger rates have been raised' on ;:the.American and [.Canadian lines. An nd i; v(ince in freights will follow on 25th August. . A swimming race for the amateur cham ? ;pionship of England took place at the Welsh Harp, Hindoo. Six men swam one mile in .?till water, and H. Davenport won by 80yds .in'31min 9sec. ' Chivalrous won the Great -Eber Handicap ?Stakes at York, Blantyre Was second, Loronse = third, . -? ..' I- ? r . . ? '? At Baden Baden the Grand Prize was won ' by Prince Hoherilohe's'Maestro. r, ?:?': ??? ..:/' ?;? 'iAt'Hu'ddersfield,: Juppfs Eleven, with two .idnninj!a,:;were beaten. by A.twelye of ^-Las- ,r«elle»-balJ,. injonp: innings, .In* ^he. return . match between, Su?»QXi (ipil .GloUCegtecsblto, the, latter mode. iia-. irah^., in, ,pnc| iunj.i «?, Jaind Sussex .438 hi bl^e ^.nYltbgs anipart of a; 'deoqnfl; .-?:', ' ''''..?' ', '?'.'.'.;'.. ' ' ' '.'?:' : ; A discuasioti has lalcen place/in tlie toii ? don papers relative to emigration, {trincipally' tioCnnnda. 'A Bohemian'' published' in the jTj'mcs sOfno doleful letters on his experience land ofestrvatibns in tlie United States and Canada, which- elicited replies'' from. Mr EdWafd Jenkins, the I?ov. Mr Herrys, and otner promoters of emigration. ?A' Philadelphian Society, established to assist Englishmen in distress, recommends t.hft temnnffl-r^. annnanaion of nmiirratinn to America, and is helping hundreds to return. The cruel misrepresentations of agents in England are strongly denounced^ and arti sans especially are warned against leaving England. The .'quality of incn sient out is much complained of iri Canada. The Times pronounces agaihst Canada on account o£ the severity of- tlie'olintate.and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in preference j yet large cargoes are still being shipped oft. ITivo hundred laborers and their ?; families left lust week, and the agricultural strike having collapsed, Mr Arch threatens whole snledeportntion to Canada. Mr Taylor, secre tary, has gone over on a tour of inspection. Irish immigration has greatly declined. One hundred nnd thirty immigrants from Shet land have ldft in the stertmer Schiller for New Zealand. Eighty deceived immigrants have just returned from Brazil to Berlin in a wretched condition. A resolution has been passed for winding up the 15 Blinsunn Consolidated Copptr mining Company. The bank of Australasia has paid a second dividend of 5$ per cent. The Van Diemcn's -Land Company havo decided to iconslruct a .tramway through EmuBay block. Tallerrnau's Meat Agency Company has declared another dividend of 10 per cent. A conference of Liberals is to be held in l^onuon in jMovemuer, on me suDjecD oi Electoral Reform, to urge tmifo'rriiity in the suffrage for counties and boroughs, and the extension of the franchise with equality of representation, to be secured by a.redistri bution of seats. ' '??' J Mr Laird, member for Birkenhead, is s-!ribnsly'ili. '.'??' . ?': :.?'???? , ? } A number of English Catholic ladies are preparing nn address .of sympathy to the ladies of 'Muh'ster, Germany, for bravely testifying! their devotion ,tb the. imprisoned bishop. . ...... .?-.??. :.!:??' .A meeting of Catholics wijl shortly be held in London to sympathise' with the persecuted 'bishops and 'clergymen, in' . Ger many. , ' '.. .'.' . . The Hospital' Sunday CoHectioiis amount to ;£30,0b0. . . ' .' ! ! ??' A mee'ting'ftif bratitfementexpressed siitis fActibn at.:Mr,Disrabfli supporting ahe'Publib Worship; Hill,, ^ahd '.pronounced- -against Ritualism. .'...- . ..-?.,?'? . A monument to Ur'Wm. .Tyndal. is . pro- posed tp be erected in St.-.Paul's Cathedral at a cost of j£ 10,000. . '.-.-' Jackson was executed at Yoik 'fbr'tnb; murder of his sister. ,'?' Twenty thousand persons paraded, the streets and 'Suburbs of Dublin at the'Home Rule manifestation. 'Mr iBut't addressed- n monster meeting at Monaghan, and said that he believed a nation) like .England -would grant to the-Irish 'people the right to.managc their own affairs. The Empress of Russia proceeds to -the Isle of Wight in No.vember to attend the accouchement of ;the Duchess of Edinburgh. Advice's from Germany report a serious split in the :UItrnmbntane camp, and a re iactionin favor Of the Government policy. .An address ? of . sympathy, Largely signed, .has been ''forwarded, to Prince Bismarck. Rumors are in existence of a widely spread conspiracy; to assassinate Prince Bismarck. He and' Count 'Moltke accompany the Emperor on a visit to Italy. Garibaldiis ilidiBposed, but now better. : The POpe continues to refrain from ap-: pearing in ipublic' religious ceremonies. ; Eleven persons Jare missing, and twenty ; Are supposedto -: be drowned through the ; ^burning of a ? cotton-laden steamer on the -.,'., ,, London, 5th Sept; : A meeting of Lancashire manufacturers; was held to.iriititate a short hours more-: 'ment. ,'' . ','. !! ?? : ? ? ? ? - - ; ' M.'Chambbrdy has been nppointed X'rendi ! ambassador at Madrid. : ' i Agale on the coast of Newfoundland' cauaedan interruption to all the cables. ; Obituary.— Aldernian Ghallis, .Lieute-! nant-General Sir Jas. Lindsay, the. liaroness1 Berners, jfrom a fall from horseback ;? Robert Ily, horse trainer; Sackville Xanei Fox, J. I'. Fiaher, railway manager ;, Lady' Lers.'Lady W. Russell, Vice-Admiral Castle, Sir F. Kemp, of Norfolk ; Rev. V. ' 'C.\ Ewald, missionary among .Tews;: Admiral Chargneau, bythe accidental dischargeof a revolver while cleaning it ; Foreade -de la Rouquette, ox-Bonapartist Minister J.iJiev.1 James Shore, who was prosecuted by Bishop Philpotrs twenty-five years ago, by .a1 fall from his horse ; Rev. Henry Jenking, Ox ford j Sydney Dobcll, poet ; Fredrick Morin/ on the staff of the Kappel ; Lord' ;Bel)ew's son and heir, by suicide ; Sri-Betty, formerly known as the young Rbs.Mus ; 'Kciiny. Meadows, artist ; Hugh Gladstone, 'nephew^ to the ex-Premier'; J.. H. Foley, sculptor; who was interred in St. Paul's -Cathedral ; Garth Marshall/ of Xeeds,- by 'fattiug. -'jnto--n crevasse on Mont Blanc ;. Countess .of Mount Edgeeombe ;and Dr. Tighe,Dsan; of Derry. .;: .?'-. , , .. .; ,,-, -,; ??;,.,.?:?..? ? 