Calliope. OUR Calliope correspondent writes:—Our progress is retrograde; our efforts in the reefing line seem fated to meet with continual checks. Foremost among these is the heavy cost of crushing. There are many poor reefs here that would employ a great number of men, but 30s. or more expenses debars people from trying them. Scores of reefs have only been superfi cially tested, from this cause alone. Reefs that would be considered rich properties in other places, are mere drugs here ; they won't pay to work ; yet we have machinery rotting for want of use, and 20s. or more per ton is still de manded and paid for crushing ; this with cart ing expenses (and in most cases your own labor added) swallows half an ounce per ton. None but the best reefs can stand, moderately good ones shut up, the miners leave the field, business becomes slack, and those that remain grumble and predict a general and speedy " bust up." That's how we feel. And the remedy for all these evils is within their reach, lying rotting before their eyes, but the idea of making crushing cheap and en couraging the reefer never seems to occur to the machine owners. The contractors are push ing the company's shaft down steadily. They are making better progress now, the country being kinder ; about 4ft. per week is the average at present. The tributors are raising likely stone. A crushing from the Theresa at the company's battery yielded 9£dwts. per ton. John Bulls, at the Endeavor machine, now going through, last crushing from cap reef, Bdwts. per ton; a parcel from Mackay's, next at this machine. A parcel of pyrites from Mackay's last crushing, tried by Mr. Goody, of the En deayor, gave ldwt of gold to every pound of pyrites tested ; a parcel has been sent for spe cial assay to Melbourne. Conneinarra raising fair stone, vein Bmall. Bain and Co. No. 2 East Harp of Erin still carrying good gold; depth 95 feet. Some really grand stone has been raised from this depth, still sinking. Mackay's No. 1 are also going down to a greater depth while the dry weather continues.—Mr. Ewart has paid a visit of inspection to the Calliope school; he seemed pleased at the progress ob servable since his last visit. The inhabitants of Calliope have been singularly favored in having so painstaking a teacher as the present appointed to their district The average attendance at the school is about sixty. A telegram received on Tuesday from Cardwell states that a dray had left there the previous day with three tons of provisions for the Palmer gold-fields, the route selected being the old road to the diggings. Ox the 24th instant, the inhabitants of the Palmer gold-field presented Mr. Howard St. George, P.M. and Gold Commissioner (says the Cooktown Courier), with a beautifully-illumi nated testimonial and a purse of nuggets. The testimonial was drawn up and illuminated by Mr. S. Grant, of Palmerville. The purse is in crochet work, in red, white, and blue silk, with tassels of the same materials, and beads to match. The words "H. St. George" are worked in gold on the white side of the purse. It has two very large slip rings, made from Palmer gold ; the one represents the business people, with the sc⩽ on one sides, and words " Busi ness people, Palmerville," on the other. The other ring is intended to represent the miners ; on one side of it isdepicted the pick and shovel, while on the reverse the words, " Miners, Palmer Uiver," are engraved. These were the most appropriate mottoes we could think of. The puree is very prettily done. It was made by Mr. W. Jackson, of this town, and ought really to be looked upon as a work of art and skill. Sixck our liiat (says the Slanuum Miner) 2h tous of ingot tin have been sent away from the Stanthorpe Smelting Work.-*. The second fur nace is fast approaching completion. A Chixamax, Ah Fee, and party, sluicin"- in Spring Gully, uilearthed a beautiful nugget on Friday, which (says the Creswick Advertiser) weighed about 9tk>iu. It was token from a small block of solid ground which hail been left standing by some party who had previously worked the ground. One aide of the nugget was blackened by the timber against, which it was found embedded, so that some one must have been very near at one time finding a good patch. The TarrtrjotMr Ttma states that "Streets of shining g o \\#> jg now c watchword of town alluvial workers. A good lead is being traced threar^nig the private property and the road of Mar^-atj-eet, and several claims have been marked °ut, owing to very good returns having been found in one claim recently bottomed, from a gutter trending as above. The following information with respect to the mines at Walhalla is furnished by the Gipptland Time*: —" Cohen's reef, at Walhalla, embracing the Long Tunnel, Wellesley, Walhalla, North Gippsland, Golden Fleece, Empress, Alpine, and South Gippsland companies, is scarcely more than ten years in existence, yet in that time it has turned out upwards of nine tons of pure gold. This has realised £1,032,151 ; dividends and reserve fund amount to £594,132, and the value of the machinery now on the ground is probably not under £100,000. Some idea of the richness of the mines on Cohen's reef may be formed from the following figures, which may be relied upon as absolutely authentic. We will take the three principal companies—namely, the Long Tunnel, Walhalla, and North Gipps land. The present market value of their shares —in number 5400—is £378,600 ; they have paid in dividends to shareholders £580,298 ; showing a grand total of £958,898. This magnificent result has been attained in ten years, at an out lay in capital actually invested of only £15,000 ; leaving a net profit of £943,898." The Newcastle PUot is informed that Mr. Pratch, owner of the Camilla, barque, has entered into a contract with Messrs. Tully and Co., of the Mount dOr nickel mine, at New Caledonia, to raise and deliver 3000 tons of nickel ore, at the rate of 150 tons a month, for £10,500. Spe cimens are held by the contractor, and a qualified person has been appointed to superintend the dres»ing of the ore at Noumea, so that when supplied it may be equal to sample. It is pro bable the- ore will be shipped at Newcastle, for re-shipment in its raw state to England in small quantities, while experiments in refining are made in this colony. Twenty-five tons were sent to Port Adelaide some time back, and twenty-six tons to England, to be assayed, and the pure metal returned has been valued at £560 a ton. The Tully Mine is held in twenty-four shares, and an idea of its value may be formed from the fact that one half share was sold at Noumea for £1250 to a gentleman who afterwards refused £3000 for it in Melbourne. The same journal learns that the mineral wealth of New Caledonia is likely to become rapidly developed by the few energetic capitalists who have taken up their residence in the French settlement for that purpose. In addition to nickle ore, coal has been found, and the land in the neighborhood of Noumea appears to be prolific in copper of great richness. Of the latter mineral, Newcastle has already felt the benefit, a3 several cargoes have been shipped to this port to be smelted at our local copper works. The mo3t recent arrival has been the barque Saxon—usually a Port Adelaide trader from Noumea, with 296 tons of copper ore, which is to be reduced at the New Lambton Smelting Works. A competent authority has stated that this latest cargo is, for the most part, richer than most of the ore previously re ceived. Coal Under Stdney Harbor.—The Syd ney correspondent of the Argui writes :— " The project of seeking coal under Sydney itself is by no means novef but it has been so much cheaper and easier to win coal at the outcrop, at Illawarra in the south, and Newcastle in the north, that no one has ventured to face the risk and cost of probing through the sandstone for mation on which Sydney lies. That there are thin seams of carbonaceous matter in this sandstone at moderate depths is well known, but our geologists have regarded them as the ana logues of the Cape Patterson seams, and do not look for any workable coal above the upper Illawarra seam. That seam dips below the sea level at Coal Cliff, a place about 10 miles north of Wollongong, and the coal seams rise again to the surface on the north side of Sydney, at about the southern end of Lake Mac quarie, although the first seam that there comes in view is not indentinable with that which dis appears at Coal Cliff. Still it is presumable that the coal basin continues right under Sydney. The question is, at what depth will it be found, of what quality, and of what thickness of seam ? The doubts on this point constitute the risk of the adventure, to which has to be added the danger from water percolating through the cleavages in the sandstone. If there is good coal under Sydney at no more than 1200 feet it would probably pay well to work it, as huge ships would prefer loading in Sydney to risking detention at Newcastle." London Metal Market.—Messrs. Sanford and Bird, under date of July 23, report as fol lows of the metal markets :— Our market is without animation ; the mode rate amount of business offering and the arrival of the holiday season conduce to great quiet ness. Iron : There is no new feature to notice in this article ; only a limited quantity of orders is being given out, although makers' prices are at a minimum until a further reduction occurs in coal and the wages question is definitely settled. —Copper has attracted some attention within the last few days and may still further improve, but we scarcely look for any permanent advance owing to the small demand for English.—Tin has gradually weakened to the prices quoted in our list The demand consequent upon the re opening of the tin-plate works has been less than was expected, and although deliveries through the month have been good, there has not been sufficient enquiry to m«iptj«n recent quotations.—Tin Plates : The works are now generally open, but the make is much restricted, owing to the heat of the weather and the scarcity of water. Prompt deliveries are diffi cult to obtain, and prices are steady. Lead is firm. Sheet zinc unchanged. Quotations.—Copper, Chili bars, £77 10s.; Aus tralian, £87 10a. to £88 ; tough cake, tile, and ingot, £85 per ton ; discount, 2J per cent.—Tin : English ingot, £98 to£99, discount, 2i per cent- Staite, £95 ; Australian, £93 10s. per ton. A Thousand Years Ago.—The Danish fleet, with the King of Denmark and Prince Walde mar on board, left Friedrichahafen at midnight on Tuesday for Reikiayik, to attend the fetes to be held in that town in celebration of the one thousandth anniyersary of the colonisation of Iceland by the Norsemen. A Press Association telegram says :—The American Iceland expedi tion, under Mr. Cyrus Field, left Aberdeen yesterday. Mr. H. N. Gladstone, son of the ex- Premier, and Mr. John Bright accompany it. Ceylon Items.—The news of the knighting of Mr. R. F. Morgan, Queen's Advocate of Ceylon, wa3 received by a Renter's telegram on the 23rd ultimo. It is doubtful if this means that Sir Richard is to be Sir Edward Creasy's successor as Chief Justice, and the belief is that it rather indicates his continuance in the position of Queen's Advocate, in many respects the most responsible and important public appointment in the colony under the Governor.—Two soldiers of the 57th Regiment were drowned whilst bathing in the sea near the Breakwater works at Colombo. One was in distress and Che other went to his rescue ; both were carried away by currents, and were beaten by the heavy surf upon rocks. Their bodies were not discovered until some considerable time after they had dis appeared, and great difficulty was experienced in getting them ashore.—The export of cocoanut oil to Britain has been greatly overdone, and, owing to the increased attention paid to the Gold Coast, it would seem as if the development of this branch of our trade must depend upon faci lities being found for its use locally. A new U3e for coir yarn—a part of the cocoanut industry—will perhaps be found in applying it to the bark of the Cinchona trees, in lieu of moss and other things (difficult of attainment here), necessary to shelter the bark from the direct action of the sun's rays.—The pros pects of a good supply of labor for planting and all other purposes are very cheering. In the month of June 21,500 immigrants crossed the Ferry from the Indian Continent, and they still come ou an average of 400 or 500 per day. The Planters Association are putting forth efforts to make the supply permanent by laying the advantages of labor in Ceylon before the inhabi tants of Southern India. Never was there a better year for the commencement of great public works in Ceylon so far as labor supply is concerned. —The arrack farms of the Ceylon Government have been let for the year 1874-75 for no less than £215,000, or an increase of £31,000 over the sum paid for last year, although the number of licensed taverns has been reduced. It is felt that the too free licensing of taverns in the coffee districts has done much injury to the coolies, and is one of the chi«f causes of coffee* stealing. 