FRENCH - AGRICULTURAL r ^LETTER. (From our Paris Correspondent.) ? " . _ Nov. 29.; It may seem strange, to many to be informed that the agricultural world in France is organising a crusade against the reprehensible practise of allowing landB to lie in fallow. The evil is more general than might be supposed, and is limited to no particular district; if it does not progress, neither does it retro grade. Perhaps we are about; where Young found us. This state of things is not creditable j; the system does not enrich the soil,, but impoverishes the farmer, and yet it exists; despite the lessons of Bcience, conclusive examples, and against even the good sense: of those who adopt it. In other respects the agriculture of France has made rapid strides in the way of progress. The obstinate adherence to the triennial rotation, two grain crops' succeeding a year's fallow, is attributed to deficiency of capital, which does not allow of the farmer maintaining stock---that ? is, to have a supply of manure; to the pro prietors, -who consider their interest to lie in the cultivator's not taking as much as be can judiciously from the soil, but in his not using out the land; to leases which stipules that a fallow, shall be adopted ; but perhaps the principal cause may be traced to routine. According to reliable calculations, the fallow system entails a loss of 75fr. per acre; and per contra, were this sum expended on manures alone, there would be a net gain of 90fr. per acre instead of a loss. Market-gardening is the essence of the rotation principle; plants there are alternated with judg ment, and are well manured. What would such a cultivator think if he were advised to leave a plot untilledfora twelvemonth ? . Naturally he would laugh, arid why ? Because he is aware manures repair all breaches made in tho fertility of his allotment. A copioUB feast secures more true reposo for the soil than a year's sleep. However, Bince farmers feel foreign competition excludes them from the wool and. grain markets, and that the price of meat is chronically on the increase, the neces sity of cultivating forage and root crops is producing converts, by that most eloquent and mildest of reasons to which we all Bubmit-self-interest. The political agitations which ebb and flow like the tide, and unhappily nearly as regularly, are telling on the position of the agricultural laborers, not only by compelling the farmers to practise economy, but rendering manu facturing operations so insecure that no work can be found in the towns. In, the centre-of France, where the farm laborer is best paid,, his wage during the winter, or " short months," are about 46fr., or equal to Iffr. per day. Supposing he has a wife and two children; the consumption of bread for the. family may be estimated at six lbs. daily, which, at the price of lfr. per 41bs., nearly absorbs all he earns. Farm servants in France are engaged at two seasons of the year, St. John's Day and AH Saints'. The former is the more important, as the wages paid 1 for the period of four months are about the same as are given for the remaining eight. On the two holidays in ques tion the boys-and girls assemble in the market squares of the various towns to be. hired; the young women carry a bouquet in their corsage, and the lads a ribbon in a. button-hole of their coat to indicate they are open to every eligible offer. Now, the first of this month the offers wero* exceptionally superior to the demands; fathers, suspecting hard times to be coming, recommended those of. their children who were suitable, to relieve the hive by seeking employ ment. "Unfortunately, on the other side, the farmer had made his calcula tions in a ^similar spirit. For simple John Hodge, the worst of governments is that under which he suffers hunger and can procure no work. "Why cannot capital be as "easily in vested in working a farm as in carry ing on a factory ? It is said the inability to clearly draft a deed of partnership, the impossibility of con ducting a simple and intelligent sys tem of bookkeeping by which the capitalist can comprehend at a glance how the money goes, are the chief obstacles. The success, after six years' trial, obtained by AT. de Saint Project,. in his plan of applying the principle of co-operation to the metayage Bystem, merits attentive con sideration. In the south, the west, and the centre of France is comprised the Metayage region ; that is to say, where the landed proprietor contri butes;; more; or less of the stock and Bhares the produce with the cultivator. For proprietors whose occupations or tastes prevent their living near their lands the Metayage plan possesses Berious drawbacks; to ameliorate it would include a social, as well as an agricultural,benefit. Co-operation,- so far as farming is concerned, is frut-a new name for. an old custom. M. de Saint-Project allotted three different portions of his estate to what are called as manycolonists," or groups of families. In this case each family consisted of four able-bodied intelli gent men, their wives, and children. A deed was drawn up wherein he guaranteed' fixed remuneration in money or in kind, and a share in net profits. He supplied them with the capital to purchase their share of the stock, charging them five per cent, interest. The advance has been re paid during the fourth year in cash,, and the value of the live and dead stock enhanced for mutual benefit. Where formerly such families but vegetated- they now live, having ex perienced the attraction of acquired property, the taste to add to it has been developed; where there was want plenty now reigns 5 and if the families so desire they can realize the wish of Henri IY., to see a fowl in the pot every Sunday. Instead of dream ing of immigration to the town, the families here become more attached to the country; marriages have been con tracted as prosperity increased, and happiness was only augmented the .moi^ihey became fruitful. . the milk daily sup-' plieff to Paris arrived from; a distance of thirty miles j to-day- milk, for the j capital is transported over an average distance of ninety mjles, and a little as far as 120 miles.- The city consumes about one quarter of a million quarts °-t daily/which isretailed at six sous, the quart, haying been purchased originally but for two. The unsold milk is made into white cheese, more or less rich-clouted "cream, in a word. Tber milk is forwarded to Paris every nighty by train, and is a mixture of the morning's with the evening's milking. To preserve the former fresh for twelve hours it is placed in special vessels, which are plunged into a water-bath, and heated to 206 degrees, ever under the boiling point j the vessels are then taken out, plunged in cold spring water till the afternoon, when the contents are mixed in common, with, the evening's milk in an immense tub with a strainer inside, and then rapidly run " off into cans, which are at once covered down, tied, sealed to prevent fraud, and in this state reach Paris at two in the morning. The wholesale dairyman's profit is about one centime, less than a farthing, per quart, and the average expenses of collecting and transporting the milk is nearly equal to its prime cost. In Switzerland farmers are making fortunes by selling milk to the various " condensing" com panies, and Danish agriculturists are likely to find a market for fresh butter in tins. One of the oldest and most impor tant beet factories in France-that of Bourdon-is at Montferrand. It works up 360 tons of beet in the day ; which is purchased at the rate of 16 frs. per ton, the pulp being sold at 12 frs. The yield of sugar varies from 5 to 5£ per cent. Upwards of 22 tons of molasses are daily distilled, 200 lbs. of which yield 25 quarts of alcohol, and the residue when evaporated produce from 10 to 17 per cent, of potash. The country round is very rich-more fertile than the black lands of Russia; manure is rarely employed, the farmers alleging it makes no difference in the yield. "Wheat and beet is the rotation followed ; the wheat is peculiarly rich in gluten, and is in request for making macaroni. The return of beet is 20 tons to the acre, and the rent of the latter varies from 70 to 120 frs. The factory only employs oxen for draught purposes, of which 500 are in request, half that number being annually fattened for the market. Much attention is being directed to guano and chemical manures; with the view of escaping imposition. Interme diary dealers in commercial manures are rapidly disappearing, as farmers are purchasing directly at the genuine depots. The feeling is spreading that the production of beef and mutton must be the sheet anchors henceforth for French farmers. There is an in crease in efforts for the breeding and rearing of horses of a useful rather than of an ornamental kind. The additional tax on salt vexes farmers, who employ a good deal of it rather as au appetizer for stock than as a tonic for the soil, and although a philosopher considers salt detrimental to vegetation because it killed off some of his kidney beans in a flower pot, agriculturists accus tomed to employ it as a stimulant will not be easily frightened into giving it up. The phylloxera continues its rava ges on the vine; it is monarch of all it surveys; its power can be measured by the ruin which it causes. The sulphu ret of carbon has been voted a remedy worse than the disease, and it is pro posed to regenerate French vineyards by acclimatising stocks from the vul pim American vine. M. Planchon has returned from the States with speci mens of an acarus, having the property of pursuing, killing, and eating the phylloxera. The little strangers are doubly welcome, and if they do their work he will bring them across the Atlantic as first-class passengers, and along French railways in sleeping cars. 