Maryborough. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] June 10. THE lawyers in this town have for a long time been grumbling at sundry poachers on their preserves, unlicensed practitioners who not only drew up legal documents for other people, but committed tUe additional offence of doing the work at considerably less than half the regular price. The other day they caught one of these wicked people, and made him feel the weight of their united indignation. He was clerk to a general dealer in town, an ex-auctioneer, und one -of our much-respected aldermen. The offence \v;w clearly proved. He had drawn up a transfer of some land from one person to another, and the sum of one pound was paid for the document. The defence wiw that the offender, a mau named Perkins, was the servant of another man, and did not receive the money. The evidence, however, established thut the money \v;w actually paid to hini, whoever got it afterwards. A g"od deal of interest was taken in the case on account of the individuals concerned. This Mr. Perkins had been the municipal ;i*seaaor, and in some of the angry newspaper correspondence concerning the assess ment he bad distinctly denied that he was the clerk of one of the aldermen—Mr. Hutckins. In the case mentioned he swore he was, and had been his clerk for the last nine months. Being asked in cross- examination about his letter ta the Chronkie, he coolly said that the statement he had made in it was a " naked lie," that it was told " for a purpose." This refreshing candour is somewhat unusual and is worthy of record. The iVetc* recommended the Council to elect Mr. Perkins to the post of Town Clerk, which was then vacant, on the ground that it would give the corporate body a sort of artistic complete ness. Aa 1 understand, this action was taken by the lawyers at the instance of the Queensland Law Society, which seems to be a legal trades' union. The public generally do not feel quite so lively an interest ia the mainte nance of legal fees at their present level as the lawyers themselves ; but in this case it was felt that the action was» justifiable, as it was proved in evidence that the person signing the transfer was laving hinuseif open to an action for dama ged, as he had really no proper interest in the property ; aud it is to be supposed that a regu lar practitioner would have advised him not to do such a thing. The building of a new wing to the hospital ia progressing fast. I am glad to say that the number of patients seems to be steadily dimin ishing, and the typhoid fever has gone alto gether. It was often a source of remark last summer what a large proportion of the German and Danish " new chums" were sick ; they nearly filled the hospital. These people, although new comers, were nearly all in the second year of their residence, and might, therefore, be supposed to be partly acclimatised. These northern races are usually supposed to be very hardy and capable of enduring great vicissi tudes of climate. I fancy that their sickness ia partly caused by the enfeebling effect of the overcrowding, bad food, and long voyages of the Hamburgh emigrant ships. This would, no doubt, render them liable to disease until their constitution recovered its tone. Another cause may help to produce the effect. They are, as is well known, exceedingly frugal in their ' habits, and from what I see of them in town here, I should judge they carry their frugality a little too far. I notice that they crowd their houses in an extraordinary manner. One family will take a small four-roomed cottage, and in the nar row space they will take two or three different sets of lodgers. Indeed, it is evident that many of them must save and scrape to a wonderful extent, because they will be found in possession of an amount of property which can only have been obtained in so short a time by the sternest self-denial. The Corporation are always earning new laurels. They have just excited a fresh outburst of popular indignation by a shameless job perpe trated for the purpose of getting the brother of one of the aldermen into a billet of £250 a year. In order to accomplish this, they amalgamated the offices of Town Clerk and wharf clerk, inducing the holder of the latter post, a gentleman who has been in the corpora tion service for eight years, and is a most able and trustworthy official, to resign, by giving him numerous private promises that he would be elected to the combined offices. When the elec tion took place the alderman's' brother was elected, and the Mayor and three of the alder men, who were not " in " to this particular job, were highly indignant; one resigned on the spot, and I hear the other three have done the same. This, I hope, will be the beginning of the end—and I hope that the rate payers will take [steps this time effectually to prevent a recurrence of past n«m<Ul«. I told you on a previous occasion that the gentlemen appointed as trustees of the reserves had begun to ornament that on the river bank. They are doing this with great taste, and forming flower- beds, as well as planting trees and bushes. One Bide of this reserve abuts on a row of old buildings still used as public offices, and a paling fence divides the two. This fence has two or three gates in it, leading to the Lands and Works Office, and also one giving a back entrance to the depot. This last gate is locked, and the key kept*by the Police Magistrate, who is Immigra tion Agent; and the gate is used by him to let ladies, wanting to hire female servants, pass into the girls' quarters without traversing the front yard, which is generally crowded with rough-looking and rough-spoken male im migrants. I must also tell you that one of the officials here, a very old resident and very fond of gardening, is one of the trus tees ; and the others generally leave the arrangement of most of the details to him. He caused a continuous bed to be formed along the fence I have mentioned, leaving openings into a all the offices except the depot. Now between these two gentlemen, I am sorry to say, there does not exist that harmony which ought to reign in their exalted sphere. So the Immigra tion-Agent protested to the gardener, and the latter replied by planting, under orders, a young tree in front of the gate. Another protest ac companied by a threat of walking straight over anything growing there resulted in the gate, also under orders, being nailed m». Now the Immigration-Agent gives the trustees so many days' notice that he will assert his rights r» et arnus, which, being trans lated, means with an Americrn axe and a cross cut saw. The gossips are regularly delighted over this little storm in a teacup, and I repeat it to your readers so that they may judge what petty things the prevailing monotony of the place drives people to do, and what small trifles the public take interest in. 