I From July 11 to date. Tho Parliamentary session has been inten- tionally prolonged one week for further consi- deration of the Land question, but the week's labours have been fruitless. A free couferenee of members of both Houses was agreed upon, to consider the amendments in tbs Crown Lands Salo Pill, and on Wednesday last the conference met and deliberated for one hour without coming to any agreement. ' The Council afterwards went into committee, and insisted upon their amendments, the members unanimously stating that all parties, the Go- vernment included, would bc satisfied if the bill were thrown ont. The same night, in tho Legislative Assembly, on receiving the Coun- cil's amendments, a motion by the Prctnior that thc bill bc read that day six months was carried. Thc Minister for Lands then gave notico of motion for tho resumption of the greater portion of tho country under the ten years' leases in the Southern districts, which coming on far discussion later in the day, was carried in the Assembly without divi- sion, but was subsequently rejected in tho Council. During the recess, it is tho intention of the Government to take steps to recover possession of Crown lands alleged to have been acquired by fraud or forfeited by the non-fulfimcnt of conditions. Several minor measures, the Western Peak Downs Bill, tho Imported Sugar Refiners Bill, and the Wather- ston Coal Bill were all read a third time in tho ! Assembly, on Wednesday last. The Appro- priation Bill has passed both Houses. A very intereresting and instructive lecture was delivered in the Presbyterian Church, Derby-street, on "friday week, by the Kev. Dr. 'Nelson ; Subject-" The present «tate of the Argument on the Antiquity of Mau." There was a good attendance, and the lecturo was {»resented with force and clearness. The Kev. ecturer stated his intention of further con- sidering the subject on another occasion. On Saturday last, 11th instant, the immi- grant ship Agra, arrived in Keppel Bay with her living freight of 276 souls, all well, with the trifling exception of a few cases of whoop- ing cough. The immigrants wore all brought up to town by the tug-boat Mary, and, judging from appearances, are likely to prove a valuable addition to our population. All the men suitable for the work, have been offered em- ployment on the Railway extension, and the single girls will all find situations immediately, at high wages. The immigrants have landed at a most favourable time of the year, the weather being cool and pleasant. The Agra is to be discharged and ballasted where she now lies, off Mud Island, and when that is completed will sail for Oregon to take a cargo of wheat to London, under charter. The Dawson Bridge was formaUy opened for traffic on Saturday last by Messrs. Byerley, Ballard (Chief Engineer of thc Q.N. Railway Extension) lt. M. Bunter, A. Feez, and other influential gentlemen from Rockhampton. The ceremony being completed, all thc officials aud employees partook of au excellent supper provided by Messrs. Byerley and Jardine, the designers of tho work, aud thc usual toasts were given and drank heartily. Thc ship Landsborough which sailed from Keppel Bay on the 21st January last, about the time the terrific cyclono which swept both sea and land and wrought much mischief, is reported to have arrived safely at Callao after rather a lang passage. She was caught in the cyclone, and had most of her sails blown away, but succeeded iii getting clear of tho reefs without further damage. The Springsure Pastoral Society has been resuscitated, and held their show on Wednes- day, July 1, which was adecided success. Thc hurried manner in which it had been got up materially diminished the number of exhibits, and prevented owners of stock from selecting their best, but it was nevertheless a oredit to the district, the stock exhibited showing unmis- takeable evidence of careful and successful breeding. At thc annual mooting of members held the same day, it was determined to con- tinue thc opcratious of the society, and it is confidently expected that next year's show will bc as successful, if not more so, than its pre- decessor. The Springsure races, which came off on Thursday and Saturday following, also proved a success, both in thc attendance and the running. The winucrs of the principal events were as follows :-Maiden Plate, Ball's Indian Chief ; Flying Handicap, Archibald's Julian ; Mombcrs Cup, Williams' Charges ¡ Springsure Handicap, Archibald's Julian ; Hurdle Race, Kelman's Mokiana ; Subscribers' Purso, Hand's Protectionist ; Consolation Stakes, Kelman's Princess Royal. A man named Henry Jaques was killed on the first day of the races by a fall from his horse while galloping across thc course. At a meeting of thu Philharmonic Society held in thc School of Arts last Wednesday evening it was determined to resume thc practice of rendering vocal and instrumental music, and to give ono of their interesting miscellaneous concerts at an early date. The Central Queensland Graziers' Society have decided to hold their first show of cattle, horses, and other kinds of stock ; also of farm, orchard, and garden produce at Gracemere, on Wednesday the 29th instant. At a sale of Crown Lands held at thc Land Office, East-street, on Tuesday last a number of town, suburbau and country lots were dis- posed of at upset or somewhat advanced prices, the total amount realized by thc sale being £523 Us. Gd. A fatal accident occurred on the farm of Mr. Macarco on Wednesday last to a Danish girl named Anna Maria Jensen. She was uot employed by Mr. Macareo, but by two Polynesian labourers and a Dane who arc making a dam for him. While at her work as cook her clothes in some unexplained way caught fire, and before they could be extinguished she was so severely burnt as to necessitate medical treatment. She had to be conveyed to town some miles and was put in a dray and entrusted to thc care of two South Sea Islanders who so delayed in obtaining modical advice that when Dr. Thon was called in, twenty-four hours after thc accident, he could do nothing for her, and she soon expired. Dr. Thou refused to give a certificate when thc Rev. II. Hartley applied for it, because of thc carelessness and neglect manifested, and which made a magisterial inquiry necessary. Eight entries have boen received for tho Rockhampton Handicap :-Seaman's Wan- derer, Callaghan's Kingston, ditto Greyhound, Christian's Lord of tho Hills, ditto Spot, Abraham's Erin, P. Hardy's Overthrow, and Kent's Nob. Six entries have also been received for thc Normanby Handicap: -Ross's Oh mc, Callaghan's Kingston, Christian's Lord or thc Hills, (ircgory's Waverley, ditto Brigalow, and Kent's Thc Nob. At thc meeting of thc Municipal Council on 1 Thursday afternoon, twelve applications for thc office of engineer to thc waterworks were considered, tho choice (which was made by ballot) falling upon Mr. George G. Alley. Intelligence has been received from Cook- town to Townsville, thence by wire- up to Wednesday last. A big rush has set in to Sandy Creek, twenty-five miles from Palmer- ville. Mr. Commissioner St. George has visited it and pronounced it to be a good rush, stamp- ing the Palmer as a permanent goldfield. The sinking is getting deep, and the ground has been tried for twelve miles with the best results. In some claims the miners are making from four tn five ounces per man per week, some parties obtained 150 ounces in a few days, other large yields are reported. The older diggings are being deserted for the new rush. Private letters received speak highly of the rush, and say it will support a large quantity of men. The gold is being traced towards the heads of the rivers Mitchell, Walsh, and Tate. Fresh reefs are being opened, which are showing splendid stone. Mr. A Fyfe has left in the Boomerang. Hon. Mr. Yaldwin is also a passenger, and he brings good news from thc Palmer. Mr. Fyfe says that although he comes back, public feeling on the Palmer is very much against it. A meeting has been held to form a quartz mining company, and they are now negotiating for Mr. Hunter's machine. The blacks are very bad, and are spearing the horses belonging to the police and others in large numbers. More black police are urgently needed. A telegram from Townsville on Wednesday last stated that four thousand (4009) ounces of gold were lying at Cardwell from Georgetown. The Ravenswood and Charters Towers escort arrived ou that day, with nine thousand (DODO) ounces of £0ld. A targe quantity was is said to be lying in the banks at Cooktown. Captain Trouton, manager of the A. S. N. Company, had an interview with the Post-! master-General on Saturday last, with reference to tho Northern mail contract. They disagreed, and it is expected that thc contract is broken. There is a prospect of the steamers Ashley and Western being subsidised for the coast- wise service. Mr. Pollct Cardew has boen appointed Cold Commissioner, aud Mr. St. George, Police Ma- gistrate, at Cooktown. Tho latest advices from Cooktown state that payable gold claims are hoing worked in Sandy Creek, thirty miles from Palmerville. Tho Herschel, ship.arrivcd in Moreton Bay, with immigrants, on Tuesday last, from Ham- burgh. Tea deaths from dysentry occurred during the passage out. 