Telogrfijpliio. ncDTKn's TncncRAMS TO ASSOCIATED PRESS. [BY SUIUIAMXE TELEGRAPHJ a England. THE OUTWARD AUSTRALIAN MAIL. LONDON, September 20. Traise. and 0. GVs PURSES. Tera left Point de Galle on September 25 for the colonies with the London mails to the date of September 4. Continental. GERMANY' AND DENMARK., LONDON, September 29. It is officially dollied at Berlin that Denmark has remonstrated with the German Government concerning the expulsion of Danish agitators from Schleswig Holstein. The Berlin Press are of opinion that the ex- pulsion of foreigners from German territory cannot be advanced as an occasion for diplomatic action. The East. DISASTROUS TYPHOON AT HONGKONG AND MACAO. SiNG vom:, September 29. Intelligence! has been received to-day that Hongkong and Macao have been visited by an awful typhoon which proved very disastrous to shipping and on land. It is reported that two steamers and eight ships have foundered at sea, or been wrecked, and that many vessels are missing. The damage to property on shore is immense, and it is estimated that one thousand persons lost their lives during the prevalence of the typhoon. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] September 29. The champion gig crew gave a dinner to the Melbourne mon last evening, some of whom returned to Melbourne to-day. Archbishop Vaughan's strong denunciation of secular education is evoking much support in favor of its establishment. Large entries are expected to be made for the different events at the Grafton regatta. The junior crew of the Sydney Rowing Club sailed to-night, having entered for the gig race. The A.S.N. Co.'s s. Coonanbarra, which has recently undergone extensive repairs, has made the fastest trial trip ever known in this port. In the import markets, an advance has taken place in galvanised iron. Dried fruits are meeting with more enquiry. Sales of two medal candles reported at 9d. Melbourne. [AUSTllAI/lAN- ASSOCIATED PRESS.] September 20. The Government have stated in the Legislative Assembly that it is their intention to introduce a bill to amend the Civil Service Act as soon as the business of the House will permit. Under the twelfth section of the Land Act of 1866 there were originally five thousand nine hundred holdings, comprising an area of a million and a half acres of land. There are now remaining three thousand holdings, the area of which is seven hundred and fifty thousand, acres. The Alliance Insurance Company have declared a dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per annum, with a bonus of three shillings per share. A complimentary address, accompanied with a purse of sovereigns, has been presented to Dr. M'Gibbon, in consequence of his departure from the colony. The property in Bourke-street on which the Polytechnic Hall stands has been sold at the rate of ninety-one pounds per foot. There are seven entries for the Challenge Cup of the Public Service Homing Club. The entries for sheep in all classes at the Hex- ham Pastoral Show number one hundred and seventy-three. in the import markets the storage of a ship- ment of Californian oats is reported, to await a better market. Java sugars have been sold at £33 His. to £8 5s. per ton for whites, and CM to 634 5s. per ton for yellows. Sales of Devoe's kerosine at 1s. 3d. per gallon. A parcel of Associated YTineyard Co.'s brandy changed hands at 6s. 8d. per gallon for bulk and 20s. for case. The cargo of maize, ex African Maid, has been quitted at 4s. 9d. to 4s. 10d. per bushel. A considerable business is doing in new teas. The weather is very fine. Sailed : Macedon, 's'., for Sydney. WE understand that Mr. W. H. Miskin will receive the appointment of Official Trustee under the new Insolvency Act, and be gazetted to that office immediately. TO-DAY is rent day with the whole of the pastoral tenants of the Crown in Queensland. They have, however, three months' grace ; but as they can only obtain that by suffering a penalty of 25 per cent., it is a privilege availed of very reluctantly, and no doubt -the Treasury receipts to-day will, as usual, be about the heaviest of any day in the year. The: slippery state of the planking which forms the carriage-way on the bridge has more than once been commented on as likely to be the cause of accidents. The justice of the warnings which have been given was proved by an accident which occurred yesterday. The horse of a man who was riding over as the Cleveland coach was crossing shied at the vehicle, and losing its footing, fell, throwing its rider with his head towards the coach, in so close r proximity to its wheels that one of his hands which he had advanced to break his fall, was passed over, by the wheels and seriously crushed We should not much wonder to find the Corporation called on before very long to sustain an action for damages for injuries suffered by some person passing over the bridge. Unfortunately however, it is the ratepayers and not the alder- men who will be punished. Sixcu the recession of Parliament, the Colonial Architect's office has not been idle. AT Cooktown the Customs buildings, which cost prise offices and a bonded store, are now complete, as well as a couple of cottages for the pilot service; and carpenters are now engaged in erecting receiving stores at the new Govern- ment wharf, which we may state, on passant, is by this time probably finished, having been constructed under the direction of the Harbor authorities. At Cardwell also, the Customs buildings have been completed, and comprise in addition to the same accommodation as at Cooktown, a residence for the' Sub-collector The building is of timber, roofed with iron Mackay is receiving additions to the Court House, to which a verandah and offices are being attached. Bowen has been favored with an enlargement of the lock-up, and further additions are in contemplation. New buildings at the pilot station there are also being erected, in the shape of a house for the pilot, and cottage! for the boatmen. At Rockhampton addition! are about to be made to the Immigration Depot, and plans have been prepared for a wing to be added to the police barracks at that town, The new court-house and lock-up at Gladstone are rapidly approaching completion, and will be finished in a few weeks. Mount Terry lins line n powder magazine added to its share of public buildings, and Millchester is to have one forth with. in the western districts various small jobs of repairs and improvements are in hand, and the llama new telegraph and post offices are advancing satisfactorily. IN- our issue of yesterday we anticipated the departure of His Honor the Chief Justice and several members of the legal profession for Rockhampton by a day, those gentlemen leaving by the Queensland, s., yesterday. There are four criminal cases for trial at the assizes : Robert Bostock, for perjury j George Smith, for another serious offence ; Jimmy, an aboriginal, for piracy and Hugh Brissliug, for wounding with intent to murder. In the cases of 1?. Power a Chinaman, and Edward Kelly, who were respectively committed for trial for larceny as a bailee and embezzlement, no bills were found The civil cases for hearing are O'Dwyer v, Henriques, for £200, damages arising out of a charter party ; A. Half, Curator of Intestate Estates v. Peters, for a 50, goods sold ; and James Devereaux v. William Forsyth, £1000, damages for false imprisonment. In the list of passengers per the Florence Irving, sailing on next Saturday for ports north of Bowen to Cooktown, the names appear of the hon. the Treasurer and Mr. Rose, Engineer of Harbors and Rivers. In the Supreme Court, on Monday, on the application of Mr. Carver, for Messrs. Little and Browne, probate of the will of John Miller, late of Brisbane, shipwright, was granted to William Pettigrew and Andrew Reid, the executors named in the will. Goods sworn under £100. IT appears that a member of the congregation attending the Church of England Fortitude Valley, and who is one of the building committee of that church, requested Professor Haselmayer to give a performance in aid of its funds. The benevolent wizard consented, and at his last entertainment announced a performance on Thursday evening next, " for the benefit of a Church of England," not specifying the particular church, out of consideration for the feelings of some of its members. That particular fact was discovered by our reporter. Tliochurehwardeushnd not, however, been consulted, nor was it thought necessary to do so, as the gentleman who under the arrangement with the Professor considered himself quite at liberty to do the best he could for the funds in his own way. But the church wardens do not approve of the Church funds being supplemented by entertainments of that kind, so that the Professor will not exhibit his " magical illusions " for the benefit of the Valley Church. Pecuniary favors seldom go a-begging, however, even when they may be obtained through the medium of something very like what was once known as the "Black Art." The entertainment announced for Thursday evening will take place, and it will be for the benefit of a church, to-the Mortuary Church of England at Milton-so we are requested to state by a member of the building committee of that edifice. They, it would seem, are not afraid to turn the necromancer coin into eccle 5¡¡ii-tic.il bricks and mortar ; thinking, perhaps, that if he has the help of a certain gentleman who shall be nameless in performing his feats that is all the stronger reason why a portion of the proceeds should be diverted to so good a purpose as the committee have in view. The thirteenth sitting of the Education Commission was held yesterday afternoon. Present : Mr. Justice Lilley (in the chair) ; Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hockings, Mr. Main, Dr. Prentice, and Mr. Harlin (Secretary). The Commission examined Mr Jerome W. Long, Master of St. James's K. V. School, Boundary- street and adjourned till Friday, the 2nd proximo, at 4 p.m. IT may be remembered that at the township of St. Lawrence a tornado made fearful havoc early this year. The wharf was entirely destroyed, and the bonded store and Government offices unroofed, and in some cases levelled to the ground. A few miles to the southward is Waverley Creek, which has long been considered a more convenient place for shipping to dis- charge-, and we learn that, instead of replacing the old wharf, the Government are erecting one on this creek, and a bonded store is also being built on its banks, where a number of sections are being surveyed. It would appear, therefore, that the township of St. Lawrence is in danger of suffering an eclipse, or being transported. A GENERAL, meeting of the members of the Australasian Association was held in the Town Hall, last evening, for the enrolment of them" bear, the election of officers, and the transaction of business connected with the establishment of the association. In the absence of Sir Maurice O'Connell, from whom a letter was read a pressing his regret at being unable to be present in consequence of a prior engagement, the Hon H. B. Fitz was voted to the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, and a number of new members having been enrolled, the election of officers was" proceeded with. Sir Maurice O'Connell was unanimously elected president, and the Hon. G Thorn and the Hon. H. B. Fitz were elected vice-presidents. The chairman, in returning thanks, said he would do all in his power to ad- vance the interests of the association, which he believed would prove of great benefit to the colony, not only socially, but also politically. It appeared to him, looking at the history of the Australian colonies, that unless some steps were taken there was a great probability of the claims of native-born Australians being overlooked and this opinion was strongly impressed on his mind last session, when the Land-orders Bill] which provided for land-orders being granted to immigrants of a certain class, was introduced. He could not see why natives of the colony should not i cecile "land-orders on arriving at a certain age, especially when advantages of that character were extended to immigrants. The following members were elected as a committee of management c The Rev. J S. Hassall, the Hon. G. Harris Messrs. J. L. Byrne, G. L. Lukin, W, A. Brown' H. L. Hely, W. E. Murphy, G. Lukin, YV. If! Kent, J. Fowles, YYr. A. Robins, li. D. Neilson S. P. Winter, M. Magill, W. H. Parker, J! Gilligan, J. C. Kent, C. S. Mein, Chambers Le Breton, and J. L. Bourne. Mr. Robins was unanimously elected honorary secretary, and Mr. Neilson honorary treasurer. After other business of a comparatively unimportant character had been disposed of, a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the meeting steps rated. Tun general meeting of the Agricultural Society of Southern Queensland was held on Thursday, the 24th instant, in the Court-house, Beenleigh, and was well attended, P. H. Nind, Esq., chairman. The time for the next Annual Show is fixed for the middle of April, 1875, and a committee consisting of Messrs. Davy, Garbutt, Gr. Black, Hinchcliffe, and T. Muir have been appointed to draw up a prize list and programme. It was decided to hold a special general meeting at Nerang township during next month. The auditor's statement was handed in, and the accounts were found to be in a highly satisfactory state. Amongst other mat- tern of importance which came before the meeting was a motion by the president, P. H. Nind, Esq., seconded by Mr. Savage, as follows "That in the opinion of this society, it is desirable to communicate with other kindred societies for tho purpose of consulting in what way the agricultural, pastoral, and industrial products of Queensland may be represented at the International Exposition at Philadelphia in 1876, and to take steps to act in union with the other Australian colonies in this matter. President to communicate with other societies." The proposition was carried unanimously. The question of a land grant to the society was also discussed, and the secretary instructed to write to the Minister for Lands on the subject. A good deal of general business having been disposed of the meeting was closed with the usual compliment to the chairman. YYTi: have again to call the attention of playgoers to the fact that Mr. Tayan»' benefit will take place at the Queensland Theatre to-morrow evening. There will be no alteration in,tho'ordi- nary prices for admission. WATT: are in receipt of the Queensland Omi Templar for October. The present number is one of the best we have seen. The (VW Templar deserves to be supported, and we hope it is ON Sunday a special train ran from Ipswich down the Brisbane extension of the Southern and Western Railway line, as far as the works have been as yet completed. We understand Mr. Dunbar, late station-master at Gatton, has been appointed to the charge of the new station at Goodna, and that he and his family were taken down to their new and pleasantly situated quarters on Sunday. The occasion, we hear, was availed of to put on some extra accommodation, and a number of the employes on the line and a few residents of the town were privileged with a free trip down to Oxley Queensland Times. ATISTIMOSIAI. (exceeding in value 100 guineas-) has been presented to Archdeacon Glennie by his numerous friends in the Darling Downs div tricked). D. Gazette. ' YY'is (says the Queensland Times) protest against the epithet "godless," as applied to national schools. YYro have ere now called attention to the fact that "godless" has two significations - namely, " unconnected with God," and " opposed to God." For instance, as well might a grocer's shop be called " godless," because it contains no religious works, as a national school because in it religion is not taught. YYre buy our tea without asking a blessing at the counter why should we be unable to buy reading, writing, and arithmetic in the same manner ? A QI;I:L'.VSI..\ND contemporary celebrated the advent of the silly season the other day by deprecating the assistance given to the gold mining industry in this colony, basing its ideas upon the erroneous assumption that gold-miners get more help from the State than any other section of colonists. WitH. infinitely more wisdom the Y'ictoriiuis, recognising the fact that their gold- fields have pushed forward the. colony to its present prominent position, are agitating the subject of increasing the yield of the auriferous sources of wealth, looking at the question very properly as a national one. It is obvious that the discovery of some practic- able method of materially increasing the profits of quartz mining would be more than equivalent to the discovery of two or three " rashes ;" a"'' the offer of a Government reward to stimulate scientific men would be a capital investment. Should the Victorian Legislature take this very reasonable view, a revolution may yet take place in the gold-mining industry, and a few pennyweights to the ton will then be synonymous-, even in Gympie, with a " splendid crushing. (?¿/mj)íc Times. THE sugar refinery at Yengarie is doing a roaring trade (says the Maryborough correspondent of the Queensland Times), making twenty) tons of refined sugar per diem. They spare no expense. Some time since they laid down three miles of iron railway for the purpose of bringing in cane to be crushed, but now it is appropriated to bringing in firewood and they have erected large cane-crushing machines on the plantation, and have lived down three miles of iron PU'". through which they force the juice into the bus at Yengarie to be converted into refined sugar They have also a very large engineering estate lishment, which employs about twelve men a >. usually making and repairing the machinery the establishment in fact, to defence the various industries in and about Maryboioiit," would take up too much of your space, out of prosperity of Maryborough and its sonorous,, is something to marvel at The commas". I never was so busy, more especially in the bar" Singline; a person who has been away 3 6 months would hardly know it. There is not a. man or woman out of work, and if we had . emigrant ship every month it would not supply the demand for labor. - 