CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, MARY BOROUGH. A meeting of the above toot place yesterday* by arrangement with Messrs. B. B. Moretoa and F. Ivory, the members for Maryborough and the Burnett, to confer with those gentle men on matters affecting the commercial interests of the district. The members of committee present were Messrs. Barns, Philpott, Young Graham, Gren fell, Dearoaley, and Southerden, Mir. Bairns was invited, in the tcrimorarv absence nf iW deputy-chairmau, Mr. Graham, to take the chair. The visitors, Messrs. Morcton and Ivory, having been introduced, the Chairman pro ceeded to . bring before those gentlemen the question of local registration 'as one of the most urgent wanfe of the toWnana neighbour hood. The present System pursued of confin ing all registration to a central office in Bris bane was unsatisfactory, insecure, and afforded facilities for the commission of adl kinds of fraud. It was utterly impossible that one Master of Titles under the Real Property Act, should efficiently supervise the conveyancing 'throughout the colony. Hitches were con tinually occurring in trans ictions affecting distant properties, and the consequent delays, often involving the expense of double fees, were vexatious and sometimes ruinous to the parties concerned, rfe would therefore call the attention of the hon members present to the expediency of establishing branch offices for the registration of titles, at Maryborough for Central Queensland, and at Rockhampton for the North. The local registration of bills of sale and other securities, was likewise much required, as such documents usually contained information important to persons living on the spot In connection with this . matter he would also call attention to the ex traordinary prevalence, of late, of the practice of effecting post-nuptial settlements, and the - probability that if the jurisdiction of the. District Court were extended to insolvency , cases, some huge frauds would by and by be discovered. Another matter of importance was the local Issue of duty stamps, now im- : possible to obtain without sending to Brisbane, thereby causing additional expense for agency. Another disadvantage was, that the Registrar General was at present the sole authority as to the sufficiehcy, or otherwise, of any stamp for tlie purpose of the document to which it j was affixed If stamps were obtainable here, 1 parties would be able to a :t ou their own judg- ! ment in such cases. He would incidentally I remark, that huudreds of transfers of milling j shares had bpen effected at the offices of the j various companies, the whole of which would, ' if examined, prove to be illegal ; inasmuch, as the ordinary adhesive stamp was never in- , tended to be used for such purposes With j regard to the establishmeut of a local tribunal i in insolvency in connection with the District Court, he would remark, that although there might be official obstacles to its establishmeut. they had been surmounted in England by tut: appointment of professional lawyers as Regis trars of the branch Courts. The same might, and should be done here. It would then be possible to confer on the District Court a limited jurisdiction in Equity, or even Admi ralty cases, \\-iiich would be a great convenience to the mercantile community. Under present circumstances, a claim, against the A. S. N. Company, for instance, could be prosecuted only by a circuitous and expensive 'action in the Supreme Court. It had been ruled that the local agents of the Company were not responsible for the laches of the latter, consequently, shippers and importers had no chance of redress. i 1 r. (iRENFELL remarked, that it would be desirable that means should be afforded for enforcing claims against shipping generally. Mr. Babxs said tliat by giving to the Dis- , t-rict Cour!- a jurisdiction in Admiralty cases, that object would be attaiued. The Hon. B B. Moreton, in reply, said that the question of a local Court of Insolvency had not, as yet. engaged his attention. It was one that would need time to consider and settle The other matters mentioned by the Chairman, had already been represented to him, and he had given them some thought. r. Graham said that with reference to claims against shipping, the only way of enforcing them was by getting the master of the vessel to sign receipts for everything sup plied to him. Mr. Barns in answer to A question by Mr. Young, said that the only redress to be ob tained. under present circumstances, was by a personal action against the captain. Mr. Dearnalet represented to the visitors the expediency of taking some action to secure for Maryborough a fair shareof the advantages expected from the mail service via Torres Straits The mail for the outward voyage of the Sunfoo closed at Maryborough on the 2nd instant, whereas the mail steamer did not leave Brisbane till the 6th. He had been informed rtat, a. small fifpampr aaiiIiI Ka fn convey our mails to and from the mail steamer somewhere near Sandy Cape, for about £10 per month, a trifling sum. cons dering the growing importance of Maryborough. Or should this plan not prove feasible, our mails ought at least, to be picked up and dropped at Glad stone, where the mau steamer would in any case have to call, instead of taking them on to Brisbane, 150 miles further south. Tbe Hon. B. B. M6reton said the matter had already been brought under his notice. He th n»ht that a pilot steamer for the port of Maryborough was much required, and conld be partly utilized for tbe postal service. Mr. Dearkalet would add that the post*! department should be urged to give timely notice of the departure of the European mail by advertisement in the local papers. The Maryborough postmaster had always shewn the ntmostreadiness to supply any r^qnircd in formation ; but he nevertheless thoneht ft sbould be a genera' rule to give these matters the Utmost publicity by kdvefrtising'them The Hon. B. B. Moreton was quite of the sfcme opinion. Residents in the bu«h were not in a position to profit by the Courtesy of the postmaster here, and for their sake, if 0n no other account, the departure of the .mail oueht to be advertised several days beforeha :d Some further conversation took olace Vesreet ing the mail via San Francisco, of which it was alleged that the residents of Brisbane and Ipswich were allowed to avail themselves at the ordinary rates of postage; tbe e an jwsared, however, to besome doubt on 'this mint The connection of Maryborough with the Torres Straits service was also discussed the general opinion of the meeting bein^decidedlv in favOr.of Gladstone as the point o'f junction Mr. Young addressed the visitors3 on the necessity for improving the navigation of the lower course of the river and tbe outer chan nel*. Vessels were being constantly d«lave1 either in the straits or in the river by obsta cles which were Nevertheless sn^centihle nf easy removal Although Maryborough cnnld put forth quite as good a claim to Government expenditure for this purpose as either Rock I hampton or Brisbane, no help had been offered as yet. It was the general impression that some scheme for the removal of these obstacles was under consideration, a dredee had been partly promised, and a Si]t.pUDt ha-l ber-n sent here for repair, but no satisfactory result had followed. Under these circumstance#?, the membere representing this, part of Queensland would do well to give the intentions of the Executive a fillip, eo as to canse some hinc definite to be done at once, there could be no two opinions as to the necessity for their interference, on comp rison of the revenne raised from Maryborough with the amount of public money expended oh our behalf. Mr. Yoang went on to explain the chief cause of detention— where steamers had to. wait some times for twelve hours— near the Stewart Island Flats. There w»s another bir at Dun dathu Flats ; and, although the evil was fla grant and notorious, not a penny had ever been spent at either place. Mr. Barns remarked that the chahhel at the Brothers was also siltin? up. The Hon. B B. Moreton understood that some money had been voted for imp-oving these places. Mr. Graham was of opinion that the amount in question was for improvements on the Upper Mary as well as the lower course bit. -ourHERDEN noped the members would see that this vote, whatever it waa, be not allowed to lapse. Mr. Young, in view of a probable revision of the tariff, would alfco urge the expediency of abolishing the duty on butter, it being just twice as high as in the other cd'onies, and nearly, if not quite equal to, the cost price of the article As a protective duly it entirely failed, at least, in this district, where the climate was adverse to dairying. The CHAIRMAN Would further call the atten tion of the members to the want of a nilot schooner. A pilot station had b*en established at Inskip Point, but it had fallen into the sea, and it was desirable that there shoild be a vessel cruising, outside of the Wide Bay Bar for the benefit of vessels wishing to enter from the south. A second schooner had been promised when a steamer should be provided for the Moreton Bay pilot service, bu1, the pro raise had not been kept, the cois-qnenoe had been the loss of the Pirame. which would tend to make shippers shy of this port and check our trade, there ought to be at least two schooners always employed in the Her vey's Bay pilot service. Another vessel wonld shortly arrive, from abroad, and who could tell bow soon another similar disaster might not Occur. Mr. Graham sneeested that a pilot steamer wonld be greatly preferable to a schooner. Mr. Young thought it might answer the purpose for vessels taking the Southern en trance to obtain a pilot at Moreton Bay Mr. Graham was of opinion that any cap tain who knew his buainfess Was quite compe tent to come in by himself. He objected to any concession to the centralizing tendencies of Brisbane. Mr. Southebden introduced the question of immigration, urging that the district had not received its due proportion from Great Britain. Mr. Babvs said that the preponderance of foreign immigration to this port was already giving rise. to serious inconvenience, and that the matter had assumed latterly a very grave aspect. Mr. FeilbeRg (of the Wide Tiiy --ni r-nr- nett News) would, as a member of the Cham ber, call Mr. Moreton's attention to the urgent need of an interpreter, recognised officially as i such by the Government, whose assistance ' should be available to foreigners in and around j Maryborough. Grave mistakes were constantly made in the Police Court and elsewhere for want of some person competent to clear up causes of m ^understanding. Mr.- Kehlet, the watch maker, had hitherto acted, free of charge, in cases where Danes were concerned, but he had been so worried in consequence that he now refused to do so any longer. Some time ago an association representing- the foreigners had represented the matter to the Government through the Police Magistrate, recommending, at the same time, a person possessing a com petent kuowledge of German, Danish, and Swedish, but the application had been refused. Mr. Barn's said that the majority of the dis putes under the Masters' and Servants' Act arose out of misunderstanding. There ought, at any rate, to be a German interpreter, Ger mans being the most numerous of the foreign arrivals. Mr. Graham hoped the members would advocate the abolition of the present excessive duty on salt, and placing the same on the Ad valorem list, like other goods of a similar character. An effort should be made, also, to obtain free admission for our sugar into South Australia, in consideration of our large un taxed importation of her breadstuffs. | Mr. Southerden was of opinion that inter colonial free trade was a matter of -primaiy and immediate interest to the whole of Aus tralia. The Chairman mentioned the subject of the Mary River Bridge and tramway commu nication The Hon. B. B. Moreton said that he had already received from the Secretaiy of the Chamber a voluminous statement of the doings of the Chamber in connection with these matters. Mr. SOUtherDen alluded to the probability of the Brisbane Bridge beiug eventually made a charge on the whole colony. Should such a , proposition be made the subject of Debate in Parliament, an opportunity might be afforded for insisting on i.aryborohgh's equal right to a bridge. Tlie Hon. B B. Moreton assured the Committee vtliat they might depend on Ms making the Mary River Bridge a sine qua noti before giving his consent to any proposition of the kind. An irregular conversation then ensiled res pecting the proportion borne by the imports at Maryborough via Brisbane to the direct im ports, and a suggestion was thrown out that the Chamber make this a special subjeet of in vestigation. It was . stated that the imports paying duty at Brisbane amounted to at least three times the direct imports, and Mr. Graham estimated the value of the former at £40,000 per month, yielding £4000 of duty, equal, in roand nnmbers, to £50,000 per annum, as our indirect contribution to the Customs revenue. Aiicr suiue luxbiier coLLveitaLiuu, t/ue MAN, on behalf of the Committee, thanked Messrs. Moreton and Ivory for th ir attendance and courteous attention to the several matters which had been brought under their notice. The Hon B. B. Moreton would be happy to communicate with the Chamber at any time, and especially to learn their views on subjects connected with the tariff In this matter they would always have the local interest of the Brisbane merchants to contend against. , A tendency towards protection wa& developed in Brisbane, Ipswich^ and Too woomba, and the Brisbane firms had no object ion to the ad valorem duties, because their tendency was to concentrate all the soft goods trade iu Brisbane. .In reply to the Chairman, he said that lie was in favour of a revival of the nearly untried scheme of provincial Coun cils, as they would relieve Parliament of the consideration of rfiany local matters, which now engrossed much time. In reply to Mr. Dearnaley, who broached the Subject of finan cial separation, Mr. Moreton said, that in con versation with Mr. Buzacott, the member for Rockhampton, lie had learnt that it was pro posed to make the bridge over the Fitzroy -River a charge against the district - The meeting then dispersed. 