ADELAIDE. I November 19. A man named Richard Anderson quarrelled with Edward Brown, oook at a station near Wentworth, and having knocked him down, dragged him into 'the river, where both were drowned. A. K. Bruce, Chemist, has removed to his his new premises, almost adjoining his old establishment, and as he now resides on the tbe premises. Drescriotions may be dispensed | at any hour, either by himself or a qualified representative. —fAnvr.] | The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council takes place on Tuesday I next. No fresh notices of motion have been tabled. The plans and specifications for the new Telegraph-cum-Post Office at Bandaberg are now to be seen at the Maryborough Telegraph Office. Tenders must be sent in by the 26th November^ Mb. R, B Sheridan, S ib collector of Cus toms, has been appointed local immigration agent, vice George Faircloth, P. M. The new appointment has, we understand, been made at Mr. Faircloth'e request. Hospital, — The returns for the week ending yesterday were — Admitted, 5 ; discharged, 7 ; died, 1 (Polynesian) ; remaining as inmates, 21 : outpatients, 9. We beg to remind our readers that the con cert, the proceeds of which are to be handed over to the widow of the late Mr. Moore, takes place on Monday evening. The object should be sufficient to crowd the house. The programme appears in another column. Chables Ward, a youth about 17 years of age, employed by Mr. J. Annear at the new Immigration barracks, fell yesterday from the scaffold to the ground, a distance of 23 feet. Beyond a severe shaking, and an incised wonnd on the right arm, the injuries were not serious. The hiring at the Immigration Rarracks commenced yesterday. The rate of wages ruling were : — Single girls, six to ten shillings per week ; single men, £30 to £40 per annum ; and married couples according to agreement. We have no hesitation in stating that tbe Great Queensland immigrants are the best class of passengers who have landed at our port. Early Closing Association. — The prin cipal places of business having agreed to close their respective establishments at one o'clock on Fridays, the public are particularly re quested to support the moveuent by doing their shopping on Friday mornings. |[Advt.] The Chamber of Commerce meeting on Thursday again lapsed through want of a quorum. Mr. Ohas. Powell was the Only member present. Some correspondence of an important nature has, we hear, been on hand for a long time past, and it seems a pity that tbe vitality of the Chamber is not sufficiently pronounced to enable the letters to be dealt with. Mb. Edward Mobgan informs us that he hag^commenced the manufacture in Mary boroug&.jjf earthenware draining pipes. By the machinery at &iB; command he can make 1 the pipes from one to nine inches in diameter, j The manufactory is near the police paddock. ' A most audacious robbery was committed by the aboriginals^ at the Prince of Wales Hotel early on Thursday morning. A pane of glass, 14 inches byJ8 inches, was broken in the bar window, and through the opening thus made the robber obtained access to the pre mises, and stole fifteei bottles of grog. It is evident from the confusion in which a drawer containing papers vtas left, that a search which proved unsuccessful had been made for money. On Thursday morning several blacks were noticed to be dmnk, and an Aboriginal named 'Jemmy Cleiry,1' being informed of the robbery, denonnied two of his country men as the robbers, aiid handed them over to the police. ' ; Mr. W. T. Godson, B.M., gives us some particulars of the religious agencies at work among the Polynesians stationed in Mary borough. He informs us that some of them meet regularly every week in the Adelaide street chapel for worship. They have also the use of the John street meeting-house every Sunday afternoon for the same purpose. The services are conducted; in each case, by a native teacher. Mr. Godson appends a letter written by Robert Wasauhim, the teacher in question, which conveys in very in telligible English his wish to be baptized ; which ceremony, we understand, will be per formed on Sunday next, between 3 and 4 p m , in the river Mary, near the new bridge. A well attended meeting of the Mary borough Cricket Club was held at the Sydney ? Hotel last night. Mr. C Powell was voted to the chair. Mr. Charles Powers was elected Hon. Secretary and Treasurer for the ensuing year. A letter was read from the Stanley Cricket Club, Brisbane, desiring to play a friendly game at Maryborough at Christmas. After some discussion, during which the several members present expressed their desire to meet the Stanley Club, a committee consisting of Messrs. N. Tooth,- Oxenbould, J. H. Forbes, O. Powell, and Oswald, were ap pointed to consider tbe matter and report thereon within a month It was, however, de termined to commence at once the scratch matches 'for all .comers' emery Friday and Saturday. It is essential that all cricketers attend, and thns give the committee an opportunity of judging the strength of a Maryborough team. We are glad to be able to report the awaken ing, like a giant refreshed with wine, of our Torf Club from its dormant or cataleptic con dition of the last two months. We hear on good authority that the c'ub intends holding a day's racing on the 1st of January next. The peenniary cloud which hid the committee from pub'ic view has, we are informed, been dis pelled, and the winter of our discontent is about to be made glorious summer by the promot satisfaction of outstanding claims. We hope the licensed victuallers will support the Christmas meeting, under the auspices of the T'irf Club, as liberally as they offered to support a meeting under their own direction. If the public come down at all handsomely with the needfijl, tbe comm'ttee intend holding two days raeirg, but we are inclined to think that one day will be sufficient at this time of year. That, however, is a matter - of which the committee are, perhaps, the best judges. Although we have felt, it our duty to give the committee a 'gentle reminder' now and then, we are not unaware of the many difficulties the club have had to contend against, such for instance, as starting with a burden of debt not incurred, by itself. For, though not res ponsible for payment of the money due to the mortgagees, the club derives no revenue from the sale of gates and booths, and has thns no resource but what it obtains from subscriptions, and, we trust that, under the circumstances, the public will dance vi?oronsly to the piping of the 'Maryborough Turf Club Redi vivos.' The committee will mea-t. the secretary in forms us, on Monday evening at the Royal Hotel. — (Communicated.) An open air meeting of laboring men, con vened by an anonymous advertiser, took place on the 90- Acre Reserve on Thursday evening. At the hour appointed from 250 to 300 men assembled. It being an exceedingly dark night, and no provision having been made to throw light on the proceedings, it wass impossible to recognise those present. A great deal of time was lost in waiting for the un known convener to open the business. As the time went by, however, and no one would ac knowledge having inserted tbe advertisement, the crowd were about to disperse, when one of the assemblage — whose name we were unable to ascertain — called order, and moved himself into the chair. Although not the originator of the meeting, he believed he understood its object. It was to induce the working-men to make a movement that ought to have been made long ago. It was to take steps to save them selves and their wives and children from star vation. It was to show that the whites should not be asked to compete in the labor market with South Sea Islanders. As long as the Islanders' labor was confined to the cultiva tion of sugar or to working in the fields, he, for one, would not complain. It was true, no doubt, that an islander was better physically adopted than a white man for certain work. But when he saw half the storekeepers employ ing Kanakas to drive their town drays — when he saw Kanakas working in the place of housemaids, waitresses, and washerwomen — and driving perambalators through the streets, while white women are unable to obtain em ployment, and white men, when they applied for a job, were offered such wages as would make it impossible to support a wife, let alone a family — then he considered it time for the working men to make themselves heard. It was very far from his intention to advocate any rowdyism or lawless proceeding. If the working men would but combine, they could make tbeir great power in the land felt. He was confident that if matters were properly represented the authorities would devise some means to give them redress, for nobody would argue that a civilized being could work and exist at the same rate of wages as was paid to a blackfellow, yet, that was what it was com. ing to. The speaker was listened to with great attention, and frequently interrupted with shouts of approval. A conversational discussion ensued as to where the next meeting should be held. Ultimately Mr. Fowler volunteered the use of a room in his house, at the corner of North and Pallas streets, as a com mittee room. It was agreed that a committee of twelve meet at Mr. Fowler's on Saturday (this) evening, to further discuss the matter, and that the result of their deliberations be submitted to a public meeting to be called for the purpose. The names of tbe committee did not transpire. The meeting, which, throughout, was orderly, then dispersed. See advertisement on the subject: We understand that the men employed at 1 the Maryborough Bridge have subscribed a j handsome amount, to be expended in the I purchase of a buggy and double set of harness for presentation to Mr. J. Robertson, the I Foreman of Works. The presentation will take place immediately upon the completion of the bridge ; and Mr. Robertson's buggy, drawn by his men, and occupied by himself, will probably be the first vehicle to cross. W E have been placed in possession of the following further particulars concerning the men rescued by Captain Gallant, of the Camilla, cattle ship, as reported in a late telegram from Gladstone. After leaving Nonmea on tbe 2nd inst., aod when in latitude 23 degs. 27 sees., S, and longitude 165 degs. 27 sees., E, at noon, a ship's longboat was ob. served, bearing down upon them from the SW, The Camilla hove to, and the boat coming alongside was seen to contain two men : the elder man was observed, as the boat neared the ship, to thijow overboard some papers, a small bine box,and a canvas bag tied at the neck. The men's statement, when taken on board, was that they were Swedes, and bad ran away, from the Danish ship, Doctor Grant, having stolen the long-boat for that purpose ; that they (eft the ship at anchor at Gpooloo Island, in the Kamoan group (2000 miles away 1) ; that they ran away because the captain was dead and buried on the island. The mate had taken charge, and one of the ordinary seamen was promoted to the position of mate ; the ship also was in a bad condition. They had been nine months on board, but could not tell either the captain's or mate's name They had been 17 days since they left tbe ship, havine then a hogshead of water, 25 biscuits and 30 cocoa-nuts. When the Camilla picked them up they bad come to their last biscuit, bnt had about 20 gallons of water left, and although their beards were fully a fortnight old they did not seem in any way the worse for their adventure. The elder man gave his name as Olaf Brandt, and was apparently over 40 years of age; the younger, Carl Petersen, was evidently not 30. The elder man, when asked what he had thrown overboard, replied th8t the papers were old pieces of books and a salt-box, and that the bag contained nothing but rubbish. The men stated that the cargo of the ship was composed of copra' and other island produce collected dnring 12 months, and that she was bound for Europe, but could not tell for what country. After consultation ; the captain of the Camilla thought it best, as their statements and conduct were so mys terions, although they evidently were not French escapes, to return with them to Noumea, which was done. The men were placed on board the Coetlogon, French man of-war, while the authorities at Noumea took j charge of the boat and other effects. The j boat was an ordinary ship's long-boat ,J rigged with two spritsails made of old canvas | and tarpaulin. The Camilla again left Noumea on the 5th inst,, arriving in Glad stone on tbe 14th, 