THE BEYENTJE. Ihe Treasury receipts for the first quarter of the current financial year exceed in amount the sanguine anticipations indulged by Mr. Colton in August last. In his Budget Speech, delivered on the 3rd of that month, the hon. gentleman estimated that the revenue for 1S75-6 would, exclusive of fresh taxation, amount to £1,146,449, and of this sum the past three months have brought forth £304,156 ISa. 4d. This total is we believ.! larger than for any previous quarter in the colony's history. It exceeds by £40,000 the aggregate for the corresponding period of 1574, and by £50,000 that for the analogous period of 1S73. The splendid returns for the three months ending June last were made the subject of general con gratulation throughout the colony, but they only reached £231,123, or £23,000 less than for the term just expired. Moreover, it is noteworthy that the increase is due not so much to Land Sales, which are so fre quently appealed to as a means of maintain ing an approximate balance between reoeipti and expenditure, as to the legitimate source* of ordinary income. The three items to which is mainly attributable the extra ordinary buoyancy of the finances are Customs, Crown Lands Bents, and Bail ways and Tramways. The revenue from Customs alone is between £13,000 and £14,000 in advance of that for the September quarter o 1S74, and £S,000 more than for the three months ending June last. Crown Land* receipts have increased from £31,427 in July, August, and September of 1874 to £44,294 during the corresponding months of 1875. This is an increase which we particularly commend to the attention of Mr. E. T. Smith, who has been paying special atten tion to the necessity of requiring pastoral lessees of the Crown to contribute more liberally to the expenses of government. In Railways and Tramways there has been an equally gratifying advance, the total being £41,720 as against £29,617 in the Sep tember quarter of 1S74 and £33,264 in that of 1S73. The amount, it will be observed, does not form one-fourth of the estimate of the Treasurer for the financial year, bat as a set-off to this it is to be remembered that the past quarter cannot be accounted one of the busiest periods of the year in respect of traffic Should the harvest prove any thing like so good as it promises to be it is fair to assume that the £41,720 will be largely exceeded in the March and June quarters of 1876, and that £180,000 will be readily realized in course of the financial year. With regard to the Customs, no definite idea can be formed from the returns for the past three months what the income for the twelvemonth will be. The third quarter of the year is always one of the most if not the most prolific in respect to this source of revenue, and as yet it is not safe to conclude that the Treasurer's estimate of £375,000 will be materially exceeded In the case of Crown Lands Rents the £44,294 represents the greater part of a six months' income, bat even in that view the Government are likely to obtain during the year more than the £75,767 they reckon upon. The other items in the return we leave to speak for themselves, merely remarking that the £70,000 from Land Sales is likely to be exceeded during the quarters succeeding harvest, when selectors will probablyjbe flush of money, and eager either to extend their holdings, or where possible to complete the prachase of the land already taken up by them. Of course, in the absence of informa tion as to expenditure it is impossible to arrive at any conclusion as to the general state of the finances at the end of last month. It is, however, aafe_ to assume that the receipts for the financial year over and above the expectations of the Treasurer will be all, or nearly alL absorbed in meeting the expen diture to be provided for upon the Supple mentary Estimates to be introduced after the short recessi In other words, the necessity for increased taxation to balance the accounts and provide for the payment of the interest upon fresh loans is not in any way obviated by the fact that the receipts for the year may prove £30,000 or £40,000 more than Mr. Colton in July Ia3t estimated they would be. We subjoin a table giving the estimated revenue for the financial year, the approxi mate returns for the September quarter of 1875, and the actual receipts for the corre spending period of 1874 :— Actual Revenue Beoeipts receipts for 1875-6,forquarter for Head of Receipt, asesti- ended quarter mated Sept. 30, ending Jnry.1875. 1375.* Sept.30, 1871 Customs ? £375,000 £105.070 £91,730 Maiine ? ... 8,350 ? 1,879 1,540 Rente, &c;, Crown glands ? 75,767 44,294 31,427 Bents-Ordinary.. 1,100 268 255 Licences— Badness 34,073 483 454 Postages and Tele graphs. ? 81,000 19,493 18,274 Fines, Fees, and Forfeitures ... 24,502 7,881 7,074 SalesofGovemment property ? 205 12 29 Reimbursement* in aid ? 11,452 3,604 3,286 Miacellaneous ... 9,050 1^85 1,642 Interest and Ex change ? 1,000 1,901 721 Railways andTram* waja ? 180,000 41,721 29,617 Waterworks ? 29,950 4,158 4,594 Land Sales ... ... 380.000 70,272 72.333 Immigration ... 5,000 1,176 1,570 Total ? £1,146,419 £304,157 £234,543 * Approximate, and subject to audit. Another Ckisis kt Viciohia. — The three weeks' no confidence debate in the Victorian Assembly has resulted in a decisive defeat for the Ministry. By a majority of five in a full House members have shown their dis approbation of the policy of Mr. Berry, and their want of appreciation of the blessing of an Ultra- Protectionist Cabinet. Considering the composition of the Government and the feebleness of their ftlairpH in the matter of policy to the support of Parliament it would have been discreditable to the Assembly had any different result followed the division taken on Wednesday night An attempt was made by the Adullamite?, under the leadership of Mr. J. J. Casey, to create a diversion in favour of the Government, by obtaining an expression of opinion in favour of the general principle of the land tax proposed by Mr. Berry, leaving other financial proposals to be dealt with separately, but the House refused to fall into so specious a trap. Feeling no confidence in the Ministry, they refused to be inveigled into'giving them a pretext for carrying on the bmaneas or in any way strengthening their hands in an appeal for a dissolution. Whether His Excellency the Acting Governor will now assent to that appeal to the country which he refused two months ago is a question which will demand very anxious consideration at his hands. There is cer tainly nothing in the Berry Ministry per se to entitle it to such a mark of vice regal favour. It is individually as weak as it is possible for a Government to be ; its policy, except for its attachment to Protection, is of the most chaotic order, and although an artificial agitation on its behalf has been got up out of doers, it is impossible to suppose that the country as a whole has any admiration for it. On the other hand, Sir William Stawell is bound to consider that the Assembly seems not to know its own mind on the matter of finance — the commanding topic of the day; that it has within a few weeks ejected a Government favourable to a modification of the tariff in the direction of free trade, and condemned utterly another Government dis posed to leave things a3 they are; that it has no definite opinions in regard to that increased taxation which has become inevit able, and little or no disposition to settle down to work under any leader. In the meanwhile the Protectionists are using their utmost endeavour to influence the Governor to forthwith grant a dissolution, m ' The Hedley Park Murder. — Upon his own confession the man Page has been convicted of the murder of Mary Buchan, at Mount Gambier, and sentenced to expiate his crime by death. This is the beginning of the end of one of the most horrible tragedies thateverbkekened the criminal records of the colony. As a rule, some plea can be urged in extenuation of the conduct of persona put upon their trial for taking away the life of a fellow creature, but so far as is known nothing of the kind can be advanced in tb.13 case. What were the circumstances under which thiB terrible crime was perpetrated will never be known unless the murderer himself adds to his confession of guilt an explanation of the reasons that prompted him to the commission of the murder, but there 13 too much reason for believing that the fatal deed was deliberately done. All the facts that have come to light land to show that Page is a thorough hardened criminal — a man whose fate cannot, in the nature of things, excite sympathy except among those who are on principl opposed to the punishment of death, or who are the victims of a moibid sentimentality. We speak thus because, as pointed out by the Judge, this is a case in which there is not the slightest probability of a reprieve. It would have been cruel of His Honor to have held out any hopes of mercy, or to have done other than admonish the self-condemned culprit to abandon all thought of receiving the slightest mark of the royal clemency. Even had there been the faint doubt of his guilt, which must always accompany a verdict based upon circumstantial evidence in opposi tion to a prisoner's protestations of innocence, there would be no excuse for arresting the hand of the executioner, and still leas is there any when the accused admits the charge. Painful as it may be to say so, the case is essentially one in which the law should be allowed to take ita course. Wdcding up the Sessio.w — A great stride was made on Thursday towards com pleting the business of the session. In the Legislative Council the Northern Territory Customs Bill and the Babbits Destruction Bill were carried through all their 3tage3, and the Brands Bill was allowed to drop off the Paper. In the Assembly the Gaining Bill was, in the face of a strong opposition, read a third time and passed, and there is every probability of its becoming law. Satisfactory progress was made with the South-Eastern Drainage Bill, which is one of the measures which the Government have pledged them selves if possible to pass. The Savings Bank Bill was on the motion of Mr. Smith read a second time, and with the exception of one or two clauses carried through Committee. The Primogeniture and Northern Territory Com pensation Bills have fallen victims to the exigencies of the times, and a like fate -will unquestionably befall, the Waste Lands Bill. But for his desire to show every consideration for the feelings of the Minister of Agriculture, who happened to be out of the House when the Order of the Day for the second reading of the Bill was called on, the Commissioner of Crown Lands would have assented there and then to the sacrifice. Two or three new measures — including the Absconding Debtors Bill, the Corporation Amendment Bill and the Semaphore .Railway Amendment Bill— have found their way on to the tiles of the House, and on Tuesday the Assembly is to be asked to pass a Mineral Leases Bill through all its stages. The Attorney-General has also undertaken to bring in a Claimants' Belief Bill, and to endeavour to ensure for it tha approval of Parliament According to present appearances there will be no difficulty in did posing of the business in time for a prorog- tion at the doee of next week. The Theatbf.— There was a respectable audience at tho Royal on Thursday night, when Mr. Fairclough appeared for the fourth, time as the Danish Pricce. Though there is still roam for improvement in tho attendance at thesa admirable perfonnaccea, there is none in the enthusiasm with which they are received by those whose good taste lea-Is them to patronizo true talent. Mr. Fairc'.ough was repeatedly re called and greeted with long and hearty ap plause. This evening ha appears as the great oaurtfer- priest 'Richoliou,' which representation ranks among hia beat impersonations. New Platform at thb Poet Station.— Persons in the habit of taking excursion trip 3 to Port Adelaide will be glad to know that for the future the inconvenience of clambering out of and into the carriages will be done away with, as a new lecgth of platform U being constructed, extending the aooommodation 114 feet, so that the longest trains will be able to come alongside. Thb Rainfall.— The depth of rain registered at the Observatory last month was 0*934, being with but three exceptions the lowest for the game month of any year sinoe the establishment of the colony. The exceptions were — 1339, 0-850 inches ; 1854, 0771 inches ; 1859, 0-856 inches. The total of the present year to the end of September has been 23'018incbes, being 2-615 inches below the corresponding period of the wettest year (1851) and 5*824 above the general average of the first nine months of tho last 36 years. Thb Supreme Court.— Tho Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne sat in Banco on Thursday, October 7. In the matter of Levine t. Bank of Adelaide their Honors ordered a new trial, ou the ground that the Jury had been misdirected Messrs. Moorhouse and Stokes, J.P.'s at Mount Remarkable, had to show cause why a writ of cotiorari should not issue to bring a conviction passed by them on a man named Batnbrick before the Supreme Court. A demurrer to the declaration in the cause of Tibbitts v. Hawker was upheld, but permission was given to the plaintiff to amend his statement. The Court then adjourned tiiie die. St. Peteb'3 Schoolroom, Glbnklq.— It will have been seen from an advertisement in last week's papers that an amateur dramatic enter tainment — the particulars of which have yet to be advertised— will take place in St. Peter's Schoolroom, Q\ene)g, on Tuesday, October 12. We understand that great care has keen taken in preparing the two pieces promised, and that no expense has been Bpared by the 8choolroom Committee in furnishing the neceaBary appli. ances connected with the new stage. It is hoped that a large and appreciative audience will nil thejroom, and thuB aid the efforts of those who desire by the present entertainment to lessen the debt incurred on account of the recent improvements. City Pbofebty.— Messrs. Solomon & Salom offered at their mart on Thursday, October 7, the freehold property, part of Town Acres N03. 40 and 23, haying a frontage to Rundle-street of- 27 feet 5 inches by a depth of 267 feet 6 inches, and abutting; on the roar to Austin-street 27 feet, with the shops, dwellings, new stora, stabling, &c;, new let to Messrs. W. D. Allott and H. Morris on leases expiring, in September and November, 1879, at a rental of £250 per annum. Title under the Real Property Act Thero was a large attendance. The bidding commenced at £2,000, and gradually advanced to £3,250, at which price the Hon. W. Sandover, M.L.C., became the purchaser. The Recent Meeting at Sliding Rock.— Mr. Peter Doig writes that he is not correctly reported in the notice supplied to us of the meeting held at Sliding Rock on September 12. His amendment was for an extension of the telegraph only, not of the township, as he did not consider the latter required yet. He adds that out of the 51 allotments jalready surveyed only 22 are occupied, and the miners are not likely to buy allotments, asi they have not done so at any other mining township in the North— Blinman, for instance, where, though the town is close to the mice, only ono miner has become a purchaser. Mr. Doig assures us that the tradesmen generally agree with him, and he is partly borne out in this by the faot that Mr. Geo. Marshal], of Sliding Rock, has written to us pointing out the eame alleged error in the report. SHOCKDfO Occurrencb.— A son, aged two and a half years, of Mr. Dicker, of Modbury, on Thursday, October 7, wandered into a crop of green feed which bis father was mowing with a machine and pair of hones. Mr. Dicker did not perceive the little fellow until he was right in the teeth of the machine. One leg was cut clean off above the ancle by the knife, and the other was nearly severed. The sufferer was removed to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was attended to by Dr. Wbittell and the Hospital House-Surgeons, everything possible being done with a view to save the remaining limb. Accidekts.— Mr. Wm. Dixon, of Black fellows' Creek, was balancing his little son on the stock of his gun on Wednesday, the 6th inst, holding it up by the barrel, when it exploded, and wounded him in the hand and wriat. As William Dyer, a lad in the employ of Mr. Either, butcher, was going through a gat» on horseback on Thursday bis foot caught in the gate. The horse becoming restive threw the lad off, and broke hia arm. Both patients were admitted into tha Hospital on Thursday. Masquerade Ball.— On Thursday night, October 7, a bal masque was given in the Town Hall, and about fifty couples attended, besides a -?ailery full of spectators. The costumes were varied and picturesque if not in all respects elegant. Several carpet knighta or rather soldiers strutted their brief hour upon the stage, a very jovial priest joined in the rather inoon grous occupation of dancing, two piquant- looking vivandieres _ indulged in innocent flirtations, a Christy minstrel performed a ' boney' accom paniment to the Concordia Band, 'Charles the Onecest,' or an imitation of him with a head on, stalked majestically amid the throng, several shepherdesses did'nt tend their flocks, a queeti showed herself at intervals, a number of French grisettes and peasant girte joined in the mazy waltz, and a legion of nondescripts made them selves conspicuous. la the opinion of some the affair was not a complete success, but the masqueraders seemed to enjoy themselves very well, and nothing untoward occurred to mar the harmony. The catering was effectively dona by Mr. Grafe, of King William-street Thb Japanese Commissioners.— The two Commissioners who were sent from Japan to attend the Melbourne Intercolonial Exhibition are passengers by the P. & O. Company's R.M.S. Nubia, which is expected to reach here on Saturday. They will be taken to Mount Lofty on Sunday, and on Monday a soecial train will be placed at their service to enable them to run up to the Hill River Station. The visitors will get a good view of a large portion of South Australia during their stay, which will necessarily be brief, as they propose leaving Glenelg for Melbanrne by the mail steamor from Ualle. The Commissioners have boon accompanied by Mr. Page, who at ona time was a member of the Register staff and after wards in the service of the Bank of South Aus tralia, Tho visiton intend going to San Francisco soon en route for the Cent9nnial Exhibition at Philadelphia. Doubtless every effort will be made to promote the comfort and pleasure of these distinguished foreigners during the short time that they have for sesiug the lions of our capital and colony. Ethpnet School.— A meeting is advertised to be hdd this evening, at the Buck's Head Hote\ Stepney, to take steps to secure the erection of a public school ia the district under tha naw Education Act. FU-TCTS-STREET PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.— The anniversary services of this place of worship siil take place next Sunday, not on the 18tb instant, as former advertisements erroneously stated. A Big Load.— W. Halliday, a teamstor, deli vered at the Burra Railway Station, on the 6th instant, a load of wool containing 49 bales, weighirg P£ tons, from Parneroo Station. This is believed to be the heaviest load that ever was brought down the North or North-East roads. ? Thb Riveb Tradb.— In an article woentty published on this subject, the Hay Standard, a paper issued in the Marrumbidge* District of New 8outh Wales, says :— ' The subject of securing the advantages of the trade with. Riverina, has for some time occupied the atten tion of the Victorians and South Aostraliaas. We have already shown how the former propose to bring the rich prize within their reach. A glanee at the various means which hare sug gested themselves to the minds of our touth western neighbours by which to achieve similar result* may not prove uninteresting to those of our readers who have given aay attention to tho subject The recently-expressed intention of the Victorias Government to reduce their wool rates and other railway charge*, with the avowed object of securing the trade of Riverin*, seems to have stirred up a controversy at Adelaide as to the best way to improve their acquaintance with us. Amongst the schemes proposed are:— 1. The improvement of the mouth of the Murray River to permit the safe entraace of sea-going vessels. 2. The opening of a new mouth through the sandhills below Goolwa. 3. The Goolwa canal 4. A railway from Adelaide to the Murray. 5. A wet dock at the mouth of the Hindm↱ River. So far at information to hand permits us to judge, there is bo difficulty in selecting the best of these schemes. The first mentioned one. we bave been given to under stand on good authority, ia simply impossible. No. 2 would, as experience has proved in connection with similar works at the meuth of the Yarra River, Victoria, involve a large and continual outlay, and at its best would be Inefficient The wet dock would not answer the purpose, as it is proposed to avoid wharfage and other charges by direct shipment There are, then, only the railway and canal schemes to choose between ; and it is patunt that, as the maximum charge for sea- going ships passing through the canal has by Act of Parliament been fixed at 5d. per ton, the railway could never compete with the water carriage. The completion of the Goolwa canal will create an export wool trade during the season the rivers are navigable. Iu the dry season, however, the wool will have to go to Melbourne by rail, and as the Victorian railway charges are now being reduced to what tradesmen describe as the lowest remunerative rates, the trade with Vic toria must increase iu proportion. This is all the more certain, as the policy ef our Government would seem to be protective— prohibitive, in fact— in respect of our river trade. In a few years— we fear before the Goolwa canal is finished — it will not be possible to navigate the Murrumbidgee between Hay and its junction with the Murray, except when at high flood ; that is, unless snagging operations are prose- cuted with vigour during the coming dry season. The Darling also, except where it has been so well cleared by the South Australians, will require a little attention on the part of the snagg^ers, or the quantity of wool brought over land in teams will increase yeir by year, while the navigation of the river becomes more diffi cult every season.' 8CARLET Fbveb. — This alarming contagious disease is now raging in Melbourne and the suburbs, and the local papers report that much anxiety has been felt in consequence. A Valuable Wool Cargo.— The Hay corre spondent of the Riverina Herald says :— ' Wool isnowthe theme of conversation with most of those one meets. The largest load ever taken from this river is that of the Princes and barge, which left here for Echuca with 1,400 bales scoured wool, or equal I suppose to at least £30,000 in value. It was not collected and started without mishap, for some CO bales were allowed to fall into the river while loading; the greater number, however, have been recovered, asd when dried will be not mtich the worse. Another large load of wool was taken down by the Company's steamer Corrong on Saturday last, amounting to about 850 bales.' Poisoned by Phosphorus.— A child two years old has been poisoned at Inglewood, Vic toria, by eating phosphorus off the heads of wax matches. The infant died after 48 hours of suffering. (From yesterday's Evening Journal.] The Poet Adelaidk Police Court.— Two inebriates bad to pay the usual penalty at the Port Police Court on Thursday morning, Oct. 7, This was the only business brought before the Bench. River News.— The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned ou October 7, at 10 a.m. : — Wentworth (Darling), 22 feet 3 inches, sta tionary. Euston (Murray), rising slowly. Balranald (Murrumbtdgee), 16 feet 7 inches, stationary. ; Hay, about 13 feet, falling. ' Bourke (Darling), 5 feet 11 inches, ' Bcrewarrina (Darling), 5 feet 10 inches, falling slowly. I Walgett, low. : Naomi, low, Barwon, low. : Accident in thb Habbotjb.— Mr. George Butcher, the second mate of the Chalmette, met with an accident on Thursday morning, October 7, that might have proved fatal. He was standing in the fore part of the vessel when a spar, weighing about 6 cwt., fell from the top of a deckhouse, a height of six feet, striking him on the chest and knocking him down. Mr. Butcher was picked up and taken to the Casualty Hospital. Dr. Gething examined the sufferer and found that there was no very large rupture, and with quietness and careful nursing the doctor expects that his patient will bo convales cent in a short time. Accident at Brohptos.— On Tuesday after noon, October 5, an accident of a serious nature occurred to a young man named E. J, Coombe, eldest son of Mr. S. Coombe, of Brompton. Young Coombe was driving a horse and dray, and on stepping on to one of the shafts for the purpose of adjusting the reins, which had be come entangled with the harness, he slipped and fell between the shaft and tiie horse s flank. The animal, a young one, immediately took fright, and started off at a furious rate, throw ing the young man to the ground, and the wheel of the dray passing over his right leg, caused a compound fracture between the knee and ancle. Under the treatment of Dr. Astles, the sufferer U getting on as well as can be expected. The Murray and Murrumbidgke Tbadi.— A steam vessel now being built by the Britannia Iron Works Company, of Melbourne, for the Murray and Murrumbidgee trade is thus referred to by the A rgi'j;— ' She i3 60 feet long, and probably 20 or 25 tons in weight, so that to get her out of the back yard in Latroba-street, in which she was built, wa3 no easy ttwk. Mounted upon a strong crank on wheels, she was dragged out into Latrobe-street by mews of winches and pulleys, and then ea*ed gradually down the steep descent to Elizabeth-street. In the course of the descent she was brought to, on t'ao first day of her adventures, to pass the niirht. Next morning she was started again, and was dragged through Elizabeth and Fiindera streets to the Falls Bridge, which she then crowed, aud thence to Sandndge by the road. Hera she was launched into the sea, asd towed round to the river mouth and up to where ehe now lie». When her equipment is complote, she will be sailed round to the mouth of the Murray and steamed up to the scene of her future labours on the Murrumbidgee. No doubt the owners of the v&eel; have good business reasons for the course they have pursued, but it doe3 look just a little strange that a ship should be built in Latrobe-street west, of Scotch angle-iron and plates, and thon sent away many hundreds of miles to trade in a region that abounds in good wood for shipbuilding purposes.' Last of thkir Race.— The last pair of a race of gigantic tortoises, which once Inhabited the isles of the Indian Ocean, ha va just been received at the London Zoological Gardens. The male is notable for bis rize and age. Iron says ' he is believed to be 100 years old, and is still growing not only older but bizger.' The Servant Girl Difficulty.— Domastic servants are becoming so scarce in England that people ara rapidly taking: to advertising for 'lady helps.' The London papars contain advertisements every day for that form of genteel assistance. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Registry OiEse during the week ending October 2, were : — Births— Male?, 69 ; females, 64. Deaths— ilales, 27; females, 24. Total— Births, 133; deaths, 51; excess of births, 82. For the District of Ade laide : — Births — Males, 41; females, 41. Deaths— Males, 15; females, 14. Total Births, 82; deaths, 29; excess of births, 53. 