ARCTIC EXPLORATION. The expedition which recently sailed from Portsmouth with the definite object of reach ing the North Pole has excited an amount of interest which is altogether unprecedented, but for which it is not difficult to account. Notwithstanding the many and energetic attempts which have been made by various nations to solve the Polar mysteries, what is called the Arctic question yet remains unanswered, Dutch, English, Russian, Nor wegian, American, and more recently German and Austrian expeditions have been sent forth, have achieved a measure of success, but have failed to accomplish all that was expected of them. In some quarters the attempt has been found impracticable, and it has been argued that the results to be gained would be altogether insignificant compared with the sacrifices which must be endured and the risks which most be dared by the explorers. Still science hungers for know ledge. British enterprise hates to be defeated. These two sentences contain the principal reasons for this new invasion of the Arctic solitudes, and a third may be found in the partial successes of expeditions which during the last few years have been under taken by Continental nations. The tidings of their voyages and discoveries have excited a spirit of emulation and provoked the nation to jealousy for its maritime honour. A determination to maintain the proud position of Great Britain in the van of dis covery has no doubt much to do both with the dispatch of the expedition and the extra ordinary interest manifested at its depar- ture. The return of the Austro-Hungarian expe dition last year will still be fresh in the memory of our readers, but the story of the voyage of the Admiral Tegethoff may be retold in a few words. The party left Tromsö, in Norway, on July 14, 1872 and by the end of August they were firmly enclosed in floating ice, north of Spitsbergen, in which they drifted helplessly first to the north-east and then to the north-west for a period of nineteen months. Just a year after their imprisonment had commenced new land was discovered to which the name of the Emperor Francis Joseph was given, and henceforth the name standing on the maps will immortalize the nation to which the bold discoverers belonged. During March and April of the following year (1874) a portion of the land thus discovered was explored by means of sledges, the high latitude of 82° 5' was reached, and land was seen as far north as 83°. On the 20th of May the ship was abandoned, and a hazardous boat voyage commenced. Open water was reached on August 15th, a course shaped for Nova Zembla, where a Russian ship was found, and on September 3rd the party arrived at Vardoe. Four days later the Londen Times contained an account of their adventures and discoveries, telegraphed from Copenhagen, which filled the nation with a desire to emulate their deeds. But this was not the sole stimulus that has been given of late years to Arctic explo ration. Just at the crisis of the Franco Prussian war the members of an expedition dispatched by Germany during the previous year returned with their report. A trans lation of the authorized narrative of this ex pedition has recently been published, and we believe our readers will be glad to have a brief outline of the thrilling details it con tains, especially as public attention was averted from them at the time by the gigantic struggle then going on in France. The vessels employed were the Germania, a screw steamer of 143 tons, built expressly for the occasion, and commanded by Captain Karl Kolsewey ; and the schooner Hausa, commanded by Captain Hegemann. Both vessels were amply provisioned and equipped, an extra supply of coal for the engines of the Germania being carried by her consort. The nautical and scientific gentlemen were carefully selected, and an abundant supply of scientific apparatus was provided. The expedition left Bremerhaven on June 15, 1869, its departure being witnessed by His Majesty the King of Prussia and his suite. The original intention was to penetrate the ice on the coast of East Greenland in about latitude 75°; then to proceed as far north as possible before wintering in the open water believed to exist near the coast ; and thus to explore the central Arctic region, having the land as a base of operations. The ice line was reached on July 15, but on the 20th an event happened which disarranged all previous calculations. The Hausa misunder stood a signal, sailed in an opposite direction from that which was intended, and those on board the Germania lost sight of her for ever. At first the separation of the vessels did not occasion any alarm. The Germania per severed in endeavouring to reach the coast, and on August 5 cast anchor near the ap pointed rendezvous, Sabine Island. The state of the ice, combined with the non- appearance of the Hausa, prevented any considerable advance northward, and on September 13 the Germania took up her winter-quarters at Sabine Island, in a harbour so nearly land locked as to be an excellent protection both from the storms of water and the enormous pressure of the accumulating ice. In this dreary abode the ensuing ten months were spent, but not in idleness. Daily, and sometimes hourly, meteorological observations were made. The fauna and flora, both of land and sea, were diligently examined. Sledge journeys to explore the coast line and the numerous fjords were undertaken, in the course of which several hundreds of miles were traversed. The labour involved in some of these journeys must have been immense, for on one occasion it is mentioned that after four hours' incessant toiling through deep snow the party had only advanced about 2½ English miles; and on another about 800 yards is given as the result of a day's march, the heavily-laden sledge sinking so deep in the snow that it had to be dug out every few yards. The longest sledge journey occupied about five weeks. The course was northwards, and the party unfurled the German flag in latitude 77° 1', but had the Hausa not been separated from her consort Captain Kolsewey was confident a much higher latitude might have been reached. The toil of "dragging" on this journey was only equalled by the misery of resting. The common sleeping-bag and the tent became saturated with moisture, which alternately evaporated by the animal heat of the occupants and condensed by the severity of the cold. Huddled together as they were for the sake of mutual warmth, lying one night on the left side and the next on the right, unable to obtain the slightest change of position, the surface of the sleep- ing bag corrugated and frozen like iron, no wonder sleep was impossible. The wonder is at the endurance which enabled men to persevere from day to day in the face of such difficulties. The tedium of confinement on board was relieved by occasional hunts after musk oxen, reindeer, and bears, which formed a welcome addition to the larder. The bears were as often the hunters as the hunted. On several occasions the explorers narrowly escaped, one of them being actually carried off by a hungry monster, who only relinquished his prey when attacked by nearly the whole of the crew, who heard the cries of their comrade, and were but just in time to effect his rescue. During the brief summer of 1870 the coast was explored further southwards and some interesting dis coveries were made, but the "instructions" forbade any attempt to spend a second winter in the Arctic regions, and on August 16 a course was shaped for home. Meanwhile the Hausa after parting from the Germania met with a succession of reverses. Effort after effort was made to break through the ice-pack in order to reach the open water along the coast, but the prevailing winds from the north-east had set the floes so near together that it proved utterly impossible, and ultimately the attempt had to be abandoned, for the lives of all on board were in serious danger. By Sep tember 14 the Hausa was inextricably wedged between the fragments of ice, and already the pressure was so great as to excite the utmost alarm. During the next month pre parations were made to meet the emergency. The boats were taken on a large floe and pro visioned, and a house 20 feet by 14 was built on a part of the floe which was firm and free from fracture. Early in October it became evident that the schooner must soon be abandoned, and at last the peril became imminent. Fortunately there was time to convey the most necessary articles, including food and fuel, to their ark of refuge. The increasing pressure lifted the bows of the vessel 17 feet, but as the stern did not rise it was crushed like an eggshell before their eyes. The Hausa foundered during the night of October 21, and then began one of the most wonderful voyages on record. From the 19th of October till the 7th of May— that is for 200 days— the crew of the Hausa drifted on their ice-raft at the mercy of the elements. Their course was generally south west, and in this extraordinary manner they safely travelled nearly 1,000 miles. The ice floe was at first about seven nautical miles in circumference, and was generally about five feet above water. It was covered throughout with piled up snow, which in some places rose to eight feet in height. For the first two months no marked change took place in the condition of the castaways, their time being fully occupied in endeavouring to make the best of their circumstances, and the monotony of their life relieved by an occa eional visit from a bear or a walrus. The new year, however, brought frightfully bad weather, and during the storm their attention was arrested by what is described as a "peculiar rustling noise," which soon changed to "a scraping, blustering, crackling, sawing, grating, and jarring sound." Perplexity was mingled with their alarm, for nothing could be seen which would account for this. On listening at the floor the rubbing and grinding was more distinctly heard, and the awful truth flashed upon them that there was imminent danger of the floe suddenly bursting in pieces during the terrible storm, when all must certainly have perished. Furs were hastily packed and knapsacks filled with provisions, although in case of a disaster escape seemed impossible. It was a long and fearful night. In the morning, when the wind had abated a little, they discovered to their dismay that the ice. field had diminished to one-half its former diameter, and that on three sides the house stood only 200 steps from the edge! No wonder they named the region past which they were drifting the "Bay of Horrors." The coast was invitingly near, but they could not have dragged the boats across the broken ice from floe to floe over the two miles which separated them from it, and to escape without them would be simply seeking death by cold and hunger. A few days of comparative quiet followed which was quickly succeeded by new horrors. On January 11 a fearful storm from the north-east, with driving snow, burst upon them. Suddenly the alarm was raised, "All hands turn out." Bursting through the roof of the house with knapsacks and furs, and then huddling together for mutual protec tion against the fury of the elements, they witnessed the floe breaking up on all sides. Between the house and the store of firewood a huge gap appeared, and in a moment their fuel was drifting on the raging sea. They were compelled to drag the boats more into the centre of the floe, which was now only 150 feet across, and there in a blinding storm, with the thermometer 9½° below zero, they cowered beside the boats all day, the fine pricking snow penetrating through their clothing to the skin. Towards evening the weather moderated, the masses of ice were packed together more closely, and danger for the present seemed over, but shortly after midnight the watch raised the alarm, "We are drifting on in iceberg." The huge mass of ice appeared is if hanging directly overhead, but owing to the swiftness of the drift it was passed after a few moments of breathless suspense. On the night of January 14 another frightful storm arose. The ice again began to break with such violence that fragments flew all around them. With a noise like thunder a fissure half a foot wide opened in the house itself. In alarm they fled in all directions and stood roofless on the ice ten hours before daylight, It seemed almost a miracle that in the dark ness and confusion none of them came to harm. Most fortunately they had pitched upon the nucleus of the ice-field, and to this circumstance they owed their safety. A new and smaller hut was forthwith erected, and meanwhile for several nights their only shelter was in the boats, where they lay half in water, half in snow, shivering with cold and wet to the skin. Throughout the whole of this trying time the behaviour of the men was most admi rable. Much depended on the cook, and as long as he had tobacco he made light of everything. During the frightful pressure which first broke up the floe he happened to be mending the coffee-kettle, and his chief anxiety was that the floe should hold together till he had finished it, so that they might have something warm before taking to the boats. February, March, and April slowly passed away, during which they narrowly escaped many dangers, and gradually drifted into a more hospitable climate. On the 7th of May with grateful hearts they left their faithful floe and set sail for the land. The ice was still a most formi- dable obstruction. Again and again the boats had to be unladen, lifted on to the ice, and dragged sometimes for miles over broken ice and yielding snow, while the contents were carried in loads of 100 lbs. each until they were re-shipped. In the midst of this ex- hausting toil they were tormented by the pangs of hunger, for their provisions ran short, and the shore appeared utterly desolate. At length, after many priva tions and hardships, on the 13th of June they arrived and were hospitably received at the Moravian Mission Station of Fredericksthal. From this point, although great difficulties and annoying delays had to be encountered, danger was comparatively at an end, and ultimately a passage was obtained from Fredericksthal, on the west coast of Green- land, in the Danish brig Constance. They entered Hamburg on September 3, during the illuminations which celebrated the victory of Sedan, and at Bremen on September 11 they had the satisfaction of witnessing the safe return of the Germania ; with their gallant comrades from whom they had been separated fourteen months before. Although this expedition did not accom plish all that was anticipated, the discoveries and observations which were made are of much scientific value, and the courage, intrepidity and endurance of all concerned are worthy of the highest admiration. In the light of such adventures it is not at all to be wondered at that the departure of the English expedition excited unparalleled enthusiasm, and that its progress continues to be regarded with so much interest and solicitude. MINERAL LEASES AMENDMENT BILL.— The measure thus intituled, which the Assembly is to be asked to pass through all its stages to-morrow, deals with only one point in mining legislation—the power of the Government to grant a general mineral lease in respect of land leased for gold mining purposes. The absence of a definite provi sion on this subject has given rise to disputes and complications in, at all events, one part of the colony, and it is certainly desirable that such a state of things should be reme died without delay. The form of settlement approved by the Government is set forth in the following clause, which forms the chief enacting portion of the new measure :— "The lessee, or the legal representative of the lessee, under any gold mining lease of the waste lands of the Crown, now or hereafter to be subsisting, may apply to the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration for a lease for the purpose of mining for any minerals, mineral ores, and metals in the land included in such gold mining lease; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the3 Governor in Council to grant to such applicant a lease of such land for any term not exceeding fourteen years, at an annual rental of 2s. 6d. per acre. Such leases shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the regu lations to be made under this Act or to the like effect, and shall bind the lessee, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, to occupy, mine, and work the said land, and the minerals and metals therein and thereunder, and with right of renewal for two further periods of fourteen years on payment of a fine on each re- newal of not more than £100 per acre on the land so leased under and subject to the condi tions, stipulations, and clauses of forfeiture set forth in such lease and regulations respec lively." From the fact that no provision is made for dealing with applications put in by other than the holders of the gold-mining lease, it may be inferred that such applications are not to be recognised. Care is taken to avoid the error committed in some outstanding leases of fixing the maximum fine upon re newal at too low a rate, but it may fairly be questioned whether the opposite extreme has not been adopted. The fact that a fine of £100 an acre, or £8,000 on an 80-acre section, may be imposed, is not at all calculated to encourage enterprise in the expenditure of money for the development of the property leased. By far the most equitable and most judicious plan to pursue would be to abolish all such special charges which at the best have to be levied upon a rule of thumb principle, and reserve for the State a royalty upon profits. The leases granted under the Bill are to be liable to ferfeiture for breach of conditions of the lease or of the regulations which the Governor in Council is empowered to frame. \---------<>---------- THE PROSPECTS OF PEACE.— Lord Derby has taken advantage of a Municipal demon stration at Liverpool to address a few remarks to the country upon those features in foreign politics which at the present time furnish ground for uneasiness. The tone of his statement is decidedly reassuring, but some allowance must be made for his natural desire to represent matters in a light least likely to excite alarm. Indeed when the facts upon which his conclusions purport to be based are analyzed it will be found that there is not much in them to allay anxiety. The importance of the Herzegovina affair has, he declares, been exaggerated, but to what extent or in what manner does not appear, and in the absence of information as to the view that has been taken of the subject does not convey any very definite impression. His Lordship considers that the autonomy of the principalities is impossible, and yet that is what they evidently are eager to ensure, and the refusal to concede it may at any moment lead to most unpleasant conse quences — consequences closely affecting Turkey, and through her the Great Powers on the Continent. Nothing is said as to the part that England has taken in endeavouring to bring about a reconciliation between the Porte and the revolted States, but it is intimated that her attitude in regard to European affairs is to be neither intrusive on the one hand nor apathetic on the other. This is the only course she can pursue con sistently with her own credit and dignity. Lord Derby hopes that the difficulty with China has been or will be satisfactorily ad justed, but at present it is conjectural whether such a result will be secured. It is quite on the cards that the demands which the English Government conceive to be fair and reasonable will be resisted by the Chinese, and in that case the misunder standing cannot have a quiet ending. De voutly as it is to be hoped that the pacific prognostications of His Lordship will be veri fied, there is certainly no assurance that such will be the case. THE SEPTEMBER LAND SALES.— The Sur veyor-General's return of the land sales during September shows that the demand for new land continues with unabated activity. The total transactions of the month involved the alienation of 85,656 acres for £101,267, which is the largest amount of business ever recorded for a similar period since selection upon credit came into force. The greater part of the business, however, was of a kind which does not immediately enrich the Government Treasury, conse quently the actual cash receipts only reached £26,167. This sum was made up as follows: —Cash sales, £9,293; interest deposits, £9,198 ; completed purchase of 5,829 acres, £5,829; second instaments of interest £1,827; and fees to obtain extension of credit, £20. The cash sales led to 7,882 acres passing into private hands, at an average price of £1 3s. 7d. per acre. The various transactions under this head were the sale by auction of 13 acres of township allotments for £456 and 360 acres of suburban sections for £1,211; the disposal by private contract of 6,593 acres at £1 per acre; the completed purchase of 631 acres also at £1 per acre of land held under ten years' leases ; and the quittance of 285 acres for £402 of remaining portions of sections in accordance with clause 25 of the Land Act of 1872. Turning to the credit sales we find that no less than 77,774 acres were taken up. by selectors, who promised to pay in return £91,973, or at the rate of £1 5s. per acre. The bulk of the selections were as usual in newly-opened country lands, of which 73,508 acres were alienated for £87,476. The hundreds principally favoured and the areas selected in them are as follows :— Willochra, 21,125 acres, for £23,392; Koolywurtie, 17,854 acres, for £25,103; Kilkerran, 15,846 acres, for £17,277; Tipara, 3,985 acres, for £4,476; Kadina, 1,892 acres; Appila, 1,801 acres; Kulpara, 1,367 acres; Dublin, 1,082 acres; and Dalkey, 1,057 acres. A gratifying feature in con nection with these sales is the absence of the reckless competition which used to occur at the limited auctions. Very few of the sections for which more than one application was put in were run up to £3 per acre, while in several instances the bidding ceased at from £1 10s. to £2 per acre. The Government may be fairly credited with having helped to bring about this improve ment by the energy with which they are placing new surveys in the market. The rest of the credit sales call for no special notice. They include 2,628 acres, for which purchasers were willing to pay £2,713; 1,116 acres of forfeited sections, which were re selected for £1,263; and 522 acres, at £1 per acre, of lands that had passed the hammer. THE MAIL STEAMER.— The R.M.S. Nubia arrived at Glenelg on Saturday, October 9, but the weather was so rough that she had to anchor between three and four miles out. The Eleanor and Sophia steamers were both in the Bay with cargo, and the Fairy was of course in readiness to convey mails and pas sengers. In addition to these boats the Government steam-launch Margaret was in attendance on special service. The last-named vessel having on board the Commissioner of Crown Lands— who desired to welcome several distinguished passengers by the Nubia— went out to the mail steamer, but owing to the violent gale blowing and the heavy sea it was found impossible to board her. There being no appear ance of the weather moderating, the authorities had to consider what course should be taken. The idea of sending the Nubia and the other vessels to the Semaphore was mooted, and in fact an official telegraphic message was sent to the station there asking if the mails could be embarked at the anchorage. Some of the resi dents at the Semaphore considered that there would not be any difficulty as regarded the weather, but that the approach of night would render the attempt unwise. It was, however, out of the question under any circumstances, as Captain Almond declined to take the Nubia there. It was seen that the only way out of the difficulty was to effect the transhipments by going to Yorke's Peninsula or to Kangaroo Island, and it was decided to take the passengers and mails to Point Marsden, on the Island. The steamer Glenelg was char tered for this purpose, and the waiting passen gers returned to Adelaide and went thence to the Port. Early on Sunday morning the Nubia left her anchorage and proceeded across the Gulf to meet the Glenelg. A telegram was received early this morning stating that the Glenelg had returned to the Port, reaching the wharf at midnight, having transhipped passengers and mails at 5 o'clock on Sunday afternoon off Point Marsden. DISTINGUISHED VISITORS.— Upon hearing that the Hon. Mr. Forster, Treasurer of New South Wales, and the Japanese Commissioners were passengers by the mail steamer Nubia, the Government ordered the steam-launch Margaret round to Glenelg to be placed at the service of the visitors, and they also told off two troopers to act as orderlies. Mr. Boucaut, the Premier, went off in the launch to give the distinguished visitors a welcome to the colony, but owing to the rough weather he was not able to board the Nubia. We understand that during their stay here special trains on the Government lines of railway will be provided for them. WRECK OF THE FLYING SQUIRREL.— The Phillis, brig, from Maryborough, which arrived at Port Adelaide on Sunday, reports touching at Elephant Bay for shelter, where she found the crew of the Flying Squirrel, of Melbourne, bound from Circular Head to Melbourne with potatoes. The vessel was totally lost on September 21. All hands got on shore on the island safe, and were looking out for relief from Melbourne. R.M.S.S. CEYLON AND THE BISHOP OF ADE LAIDE. — The following letter appears in the Argus of October 5:— "Sir— In order to enable me more completely to refute the misstatements regarding the condition of the mail steamer Ceylon, made by the Bishop of Adelaide, and replied to in my letter to you of 24th ultimo, I sent the following telegram to the Company's agent in Bombay:—"Telegraph whether on docking Ceylon any sign of damage apparent from grounding, hull or machinery." His answer received this morning is to the following effect:—'Ceylon not damaged.'— I am, &c.;, Franklin R. Kendall, Agent Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company.— Octo- ber 4." BAZAAR.— A floral and fancy bazaar will be opened this afternoon in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the funds of this Convalescent Hospital. CORONER'S INQUEST.—Mr. W. Harcus. J.P., held an inquest at the Yatala Labour Prison, on Saturday, October 9, on the body of James William Laughton, one of the prisoners, who died at that institution on the previous day. The deceased was 19 years of age, and was suffering, when placed at the Stockade on June 19 of this year, from diseased ribs and other complaints, and was really in a dying state. Dr. Way gave an order to exempt him from labour, but he gradually sank. The Jury returned a verdict of "death from exhaustion, caused by waxy disease cf the liver, kidneys, and bowels." DEATH OF MR. E. S. GRIGG.— The township and neighbourhood of Two Wells were thrown into a state of excitement on Thursday by the report of the death of Mr. Ebenezer Samuel Grigg, who was found drowned in a well on his property, about three miles from this township. The deceased, who was widely and generally respected, was a man of vary studious habits, and has sustained with credit to himself and advantage to the community many important offices. For several years he has been the Superintendent of the Bible Christian Sabbath School at Betheeda, and attended his duties even so late as last Sunday. On Monday he attended the District Council, of which he is a member, and in the afternoon the tea and public meetings in connection with the anniversary of the Two Wells Primitive Methodist Sabbath School. At the public meeting he occupied the position of Chairman, and though in a low state of health and unable to make a lengthy address, he ably conducted the business of the meeting. Very great sympathy is felt in the neighbourhood towards the family of deceased, and towards his parents and sisters. Through the protracted ill-health of Mr. Grigg, senior, the care of the management of the farm devolved upon the deceased. For some consider able tine the late Mr. Grigg has been in a very low state of health. TEA MEETING.— Anniversary tea and public meetings will be held this evening at the Hind marsh Congregational Church, THEATRE ROYAL.— There was but a small attendance at the Theatre on Saturday night, the stormy weather having no doubt kept many away who otherwise would have been there to witness the repetition of 'Richelieu.' The three or four hundred who were there, however, enjoyed a rare intellectual treat Mr. Fair clough's impersonation of the illustrious Cardinal, whether regarded from an elocutionary or his trionic standpoint, was a fine study. The actor was several times called to the front. Miss Bowring also was very much admired as Julie de Mortimer, the only regret being that she had so little to do. To-night 'Othello' is to be put upon the boards. INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE MATCH.— In reference to the late match between marksmen of New South Wales and South Australia the Sydney Morning Herald remarks that the total of the first six of the New South Wales team is only twelve points below the total of the Irish six who shot in the last match against America. Messrs. Lynch, Bushelle, Gee, Linsley, and Shaw used new Rigby rifles, Captain Strong an old Rigby, Mr. H. C. Dangar used a new Metford, Mr. Maddocks and Lieutenant Cooper old Metfords, Captain Compton shot with a com paratively new Whitworth. FOOTBALL.— The closing game in connection with the Port Adelaide Football Club was played at Glanville on Saturday, October 2. After playing for an hour the Blues secured a goal, which was the only one obtained for the after noon, leaving them the victors. There was a good number of spectators on the ground. Mrs. Wells distributed the prizes at the close of the game. The Club's fifth annual ball was held in the Town Hall on Friday, October 8. There were about 200 persons present, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. The hall was tastefully decorated with flags and evergreens, and on the platform was a small goal erected, with a football suspended in the centre to repre sent it as going through the goal. The catering was done in first-class style by Mr. G. Hills. PORT AUGUSTA WOOL.— The Gateside, the first vessel of the season from Port Augusta, was towed to sea by the Lubra on Friday last. She has on board, besides cargo loaded at Port Ade laide, 2,900 bales of wool from the Northern districts. SERMON SHORTENING MACHINE.— The Rev. W. Holderness, of Clerkenwell, has been lecturing on clocks in the parish, for which he is— must we say ?— standing, and in the course of his remarks said he had a little invention in his mind in relation to clocks which he described as follows : — Under the floor of the pulpit there were to be four 'detents,' and 'when half-an hour of the sermon was gone there would be a little clock to give warning, and then, if the preacher did not wind up within three minutes, down would go the floor of the pulpit, parson and all. MARRIED CHILDREN AT SCHOOL.— The amend ment which Lord Stanley of Alderley is desirous of introducing into the Education Act of 1870 deserves grave consideration, he wishes to sub stitute the words 'boys and unmarried women' for the word 'children' in the clause giving compulsory powers to School Boards, for the following reason :— By the common law of Eng land, as laid down by Lord Coleridge, it is law ful for a woman of 12 years of age to marry, and under these circumstances such a case as this might arise. A Manchester working man might select for himself a bride of 12 years of age, marry her, and take her to his home, when in consequence of her absence from school for a week or a fortnight the police or the School Board officials on her first appearance in the public streets might carry her off from her husband to hurry her away to a Board School. With or without a breach of the peace, the case would then be brought before a Magistrate for his decision, when the husband would plead his right to his wife's company at all times, under the Common Law, while the School Board official would show that the Education Act gave him the right and imposed on him the duty of enforcing her attendance at school for another year. How would the Magistrate decide in such a case, and what view would the Home Secretary adopt ? Would the Government be disposed to ask Parliament to enact that no woman should marry till she had attained the age of 13 and had completed her schooling ? Or would the Education Department be willing to allow a woman to marry when 12 years old, and be free from school if she had completed a certain number of attendances during the present year? This would be open to objection as an exercise of the dispensing power. The Duke of Richmond declines to promise the legislation asked for, and this important matter must therefore stand over for another year. In the meantime Lord Stanley of Alderley should fortify his case by obtaining statistics of the number of working men's wives of the age of 12 years, and should further consider whether a Magistrate might not hold it to be a 'reasonable excuse' under the Act for the non-attendance of a child that the child is a married woman.— Pall Mall Gazette. SYRIAN DISCOVERIES.—" Some geographical discoveries of considerable importance, not only in a scientific but also (for the Ottoman trea sury) in a financial point of view, have been recently made," says the Pall Mall Gazette, "in Syria, in the shape of a host of villages whose very existence was unknown or had been for gotten. No fewer than 79 of these hsplass hamlets have been unearthed in the single dis trict of Damascus, besides about an equal number in other parts of the province, by Medjeddin Effendi, the defterdar of the vilaet, who has been devoting his time and energies to the exploration of old official registers. He is still, it is stated, busily employed in prosecuting his researches, and it is strongly suspected that a number of other unknown villages in the Hauran will be dragged to light. This is more pleasant, for the Govern ment than for the villagers, who would doubt less have been well content to have remained in humble obscurity, 'the world forgetting, by the world forgot.' There is something very capti vating in the idea of a secluded town or village, far from the busy haunts of men, unmarked in any map, and whose inhabitants, escaping all the annoyances of imperial taxation, have only those local burdens to bear that they have fitted on their own shoulders." AN ARISTOCRATIC SHAREBROKER. — Messrs. Helbert, Wagg, & Co., of the London Stock Ex change and Old Broad-street, notify that they have taken into partnership Lord Walker Camp bell, and that the style of the firm will be altered to Helbert, Wagg, & Campbell. SHOCKING DEATH.— A fatal accident happened yesterday (says the Argus of October 5) at Duke's Dry Dock, on the south bank of the Yarra, below the falls, to Captain John Forster, master of the steamer Dandenong. Captain Forster and Captain W. H. Smith, the owner of the ship, were standing between 12 and 1 o'clock in the afternoon in the dock, where the ship was undergoing repairs, watching some men em ployed moving the screw propeller from the shaft. Captain Forster was super intending the proceedings, of which be had the entire management, and was taking an active part in the work, and directed chain slings to be used in moving the propeller of the steamer off the shaft. The chain sling on the port side of the dock broke, and the propeller, which was just a swing, and free of the shaft, swung round on the other chain to the starboard side, where the deceased and Captain Smith were standing, and fell, striking Captain Forster on the head. He was knocked down and killed on the spot Mr. Gillbee, surgeon, who was sent for, found that the skull was fractured. The occurrence, Captain Smith stated, was quite accidental, and not in any way due to the neglect of any person. Captain Smith himself was quite close to the deceased, and only just escaped being struck by the heavy iron propeller, which weighed over a ton. At an inquest held during the day by Dr. Youl, evidence was given to the above effect, and a verdict of accidental death was found. The deceased was about 36 years old, and has left a widow and five children. He had been several years in the employment of Captain Smith. LOCUSTS. — The locust nuisance is again making its appearance. On Sunday thousands of young ones came to life on the Park Lands, and were quite lively enough to make themselves very unpleasant A COLONIAL ROMANCE.— Mr. J. Martin Flegg has communicated to the Bendigo Advertiser the following facts:— "In 1852 two brothers left England together for the Australian gold-fields. In the meantime a relative died in the neigh bourhood of London, leaving a considerable fortune, in which these brothers were entitled to participate. One of them had continued in Victoria. The other brother could be heard of nowhere, and the trustees paid the amount into the Court of Chancery. Eventually the truant legatee, while travelling in Queensland with cattle, accidentally came across an advertisement in an old newspaper, stating should he apply, &c.;, he would hear something to his advantage. He placed himself in communication with the brother, who had already received his portion, and no great difficulty was experienced in re cognising each other. The long-missing legatee placed himself in the hands of the solicitor who had previously acted for his brother. But now arose the difficulty. The new claimant had for a number of years gone under an assumed name. He had been absent from his relatives in the old country for close on a quarter of a century, and had ceased to corre spond with any of them for nearly a decade. The case looked hopeless, unless the claimant should himself proceed to England for the purpose of identification. This course was suggested to him, but he declined. Affidavits were prepared and forwarded to Mr. Flegg. None of the relatives would, however, re cognise the claimant's signature, 'Another Arthur Orton,' said the relatives and their lawyers, and the Courts appeared disposed to endorse this view of the case. Mr. Flegg being about to return to the colonies de termined to postpone all further action until he could have a consultation with the claimant's solicitor. On his arrival in the colony a consultation was had, and the claimant's personal attendance in England appeared inevitable. But now a fresh diffi culty had arisen. Claimant, on his arrival in the colony from Queensland, had been persuaded by his brother to select land here and settle down. This he accordingly did, the Bank through whom his brother had received his legacy readily agreeing to make advances in anticipation of the claimant's portion, which was expected to be obtained as readily as the first brother's had been. The money thus advanced had been expended on the land selected. The selector was required to abseat himself, not only from his selection, but from the colony also. The Department of Lands had begun to recognise a dummy in every selector not occupying in his own proper person; the Bank, too, could appreciate a constituent domiciled in the colony possessed of land for the improvement of which their advances in antici- pation of the legacy had been made, but failed to realize an equal advantage in being creditor to a man whose possessions here were liable to for- feiture, and whose person would become so remote as to be difficult of service. It therefore said ne exeat, Fresh affidavits were prepared and the full facts disclosed, and, armed with these, Mr. Flegg returned to England by the April mail, and succeeded in convincing the Vice-Chancellor of his client's title to the fund in question, and by the last mail remitted to this colony £3,000, which had been received out of Court the day previous." FOXES IN AUSTRALIA.— The Ballarat corres pondent of the Pleasant Creek News states that "about three years ago a dog and vixen fox were let loose about twelve miles from Ballarat, by a well-known sportsman and acclimatiser of this city. The place where the 'varmints' were turned out was in every respect a suitable one, and abounded in rabbits, which the farmers of the neighbourhood stated were most mischievous and destructive. Now scarcely a rabbit can be seen about the locality, but there are the most conclusive evidences that the foxes are on the increase. The cubs of one and two seasons' growth have been seen several times within the past few weeks, and although Master Reynard occasionally (very seldom, by the way) dines off a plump duckling or capon, the farmers round about where the foxes are quartered seem delighted at the notion that in a year or two fox hunting will be added to our now increasing Australian field sports." [From Saturday's Evening Journal] THE CLAUD HAMILTON.— A telegram from Melbourne intimates that this steamer reached that port from Port Darwin on Saturday morning. THE CITY SURVEYOR.— At the meeting of the City Council on Monday next Mr. Councillor Stacy will move the reconsideration of the resolution passed on August 16, requesting Mr. J. L. Hyndman to forward his resignation as City Surveyor, with a view to alter the same as follows:— "That the Council has lost confidence in the City Surveyor, and he be requested to reply in writing to the charges forwarded to him on the 7th September last." THE ENGINEER-IN-CHIEF'S DEPARTMENT.— We understand that the Government have taken a large suite of offices in the Town Hall extension buildings, at the corner of Pine and King William streets, for the use of the Engineer- in-Chief and his officers. The apartments at present occupied by the engineering staff have for long been found to be exceedingly inconvenient and much too small. Seventeen officers were, we believe, located in one room, and in the prospect of summer the arrangement was thought to be both injurious to health and calculated to interfere with departmental work. THE RAINFALL.— The following are the quan tities of rain recorded at the places mentioned for the 24 hours ending at 9 a.m. on Saturday, October 9:— Adelaide ... ... 0.710 | Tanunda ... ... 0.100 Blinman ... ... 0.110 | Willunga ... ... 0.830 Port Augusta. 0.195 | Normanville .. 0.505 Melrose ... ... 0.760 | Cape Jervis ... 0.520 Mount Pleasant 0.200 | Port Elliot ... 0.890 Georgetown .. 0.150 | Goolwa ... 0.560 Auburn ... ... 0.150 | Mannum ... .. 0.260 Port Wakefield 0.610 | Mount Barker 0.090 Kadina ... ... 0.600 | Strathalbyn ... 0.120 Wallaroo ... .. 0.670 | Robe ... ... 0.050 Moonta ... ... 0.720 | Narracoorte 0.020 Kapunda ... 0.130 | PHOTOGRAPHY.— We have received from Mr. S. Solomon, of Rundle-street, a large photo graph of the late Mr. Cunningham. It is an excellent and most lifelike portrait, and will be duly estimated by the many who knew and respected that worthy and able public officer. RIVER NEWS.— The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned on October 9, at 10 a.m. :— Wentworth (Darling), 22 feet 1 inch, sta tionary. Buston (Murray), rising slowly. Balranald (Murrumbidgee), 14 feet 6 inches, fall ing. Bourke (Darling), 5 feet 8 inches, falling. Hay, 13 feet 8 inches, falling. 