INTRODUCTION. The political world has been very quiet during the past month, most of our public men have left town, and have been enjoying themselves at their country re- sidences, or in visits to some of the neigh- boring colonies. The Ministry, instead of the usual whitebait dinner, gave a picnic to their supporters and friends at Sorrento, and since then all the members of the Cabinet, with the exception of the Treasurer and the Chief Secretary, have been absent on an excursion in the Government steamer—the Victoria. They have visited Tasmania and some of the small islands in the Straits, and are ex- pected to return to Melbourne to- morrow Some few days since, a telegram was received from the Imperial Govornment by His Excellency the Acting Governor relative to the contribution by this colony of a portion of the cost of governing the recently annexed Fiji islands. It is said that some mistake occurred in former communications upon the same subject. In consequence of the absence from town of most of the members of the Ministry, it is doubtful whether any reply to the telegram can be sent by the outgoing mail, and until the matter has been con- sidered by the Government, the text of the message cannot be made public. Immediately after the departure of His Excellency Sir George Bowen, the Acting Chief Justice, Sir Redmond Barry, took the oaths as Acting Governor Sir W. F. Stawell, the Chief Justice, arrived by the mail steamer on the 10th January, and was sworn in in the place of Sir Redmond Barry on the 11th. It was necessary that Sir Redmond Barry should be appointed for the short time during which he held office, in order that the new Judicature Act might be brought into operation, but an interesting point has been raised as to whether an Acting Governor having been once ap- pointed it was competent to swear in another. It is said that Sir Red- mond Barry having, as senior judge in the absence of the chief justice, been ap- pointed to fulfil the functions of go- vernor during the absence of Sir George Bowen, could not be affected by the re- turn of the Chief Justice, no provision having been made in the commission for such a contingency arising. Had the Chief Justice boen in the colony when Sir George Bowen left he would neces- sarily have been sworn in as Acting Governor, but, in his absence, the senior judge had to be appointed, and it is argued that the return of the Chief Justice to the colony after- wards would not affect his position The question has received some attention in the other colonies. Had Sir Redmond Barry left the colony before the arrival of the Chief Justice, or even before the Chief Justice was sworn in, there would bo no doubt about the matter, but it is contended that Sir Redmond could not resign his office to anyone in the colony, and that there was no authority by which Sir W. F. Stawell could assume the act- ing governorship, the power and authority of tho commission having been alteady exhausted by the appointment of the senior judge resident in the colony at the time of Sir George Bower's departure. The revenue returns for the quarter and year ending the 31st of December last are published in another column. The income for the year amounted to £4,053,804 1s 7d , showing an increase on that for the preceding year of £151,839 15s 3d ; on the quarter there was a decrease of £15,575 14s lld. This deficiency is principally caused by a falling off in the Customs returns Com- paring the revenue for the six months with the Treasurers estimate for the present financial year, which can only be done by halving the amounts he has put down, we arrive at the following results:— Customs duties for six months were esti- mated to produce £907,500, they only produced £849,938, leaving a deficit of £57,562 It may bo said, howovei, that tho summer trado is not yet over-that theie is timo to make up this leeway Excise and Inland rovonuo was put down at £50,760, receipts £32,324 , Territo rial, £439,000, receipts £372,300 , Public WoikB,£504,812,rocpipts £512,421 , Ports andHaibours, £10,500, roceipts £10,013 , Post oflico, £102,000, roceipts £90,819 , Feos, £52,500, rocoipts £53,049 , Tines, £0,250, rocoipts, £0,897 , Miscellaneous, £81,255, receipts £14,185 It will bo seen, then, that under BIX hoads theie was a total doiicioncy ui the Ireasiirei's estimates of £185,330, and on three items a surplus of £8,805, or a not doficioncy of £170,631 for the six months ending 31st Docomber last Tins amount may bo reduced by tho adjustment of somo ac counts which como under the hoad of " miscellaneous," and by additional sales of land by auction SOCIAL During tho past month the inhabitants of this colony have been subjected to tho trying extremes of heat and cold On New Yeal a Day tho out door amusements were consider ably interfered with bj the wintry weather which prevailed Thou-h January is gene rally about the hottest month in the year, the weatuer continued cool until the be¡_in nmg of lust weel when a period of five days the hottest which has yet been recorded in tho colony set in In Melbourno during this time the thermometei registered from lOOdeg to llldeg in tho shade and from 1-Odeg to 148dcg in the sun In some of tho country districts a considerably higher tempcraturo wus iccorded In tho Sand liurBt Police Couit on one of the hot days the thermometer stood at 118deg Deplor able loases haï o been occasioned ia the pro\incesfrom bush fires In many parts of tho city and suburbs the sufferings of the people were greatly aggravated hy the in ability of the Water Supply dopartmont from its general incompetence to meet the emcigcncy Deaths from sunatroko during the contmuauco of the great heat wero numerous His 1 xcollency Sir George Bowen who has obtained le ive of absence in order to enable lum to-wait] noland on pnvato afl urs left by tho mail steamer Ceylon on the Jlst De comber In the morning he was ontertained nt lund eon at the Town ball by tho mayor (Councillor Gatehouse ) Thero wero about -0 guests present including the members of the Ministry the judges »id other leading citizens lho toast of fair Georgo Bo von s health «asreceived with much apilatiao In rosi ondn t tho Goi ornor ex. rCBse 1 ins gi ali hcation at the cordial and generous treatment he had received in this colony and Btato 1 that m Hie courso of u few mouths he hoped to return with his wtfo and family to the land wl ich ti ey regarded as their Australian home Sir Georgo Bowen was acco n anted to Williamstown by a largo nuiu er of friends who desired to seo lum off lho yards of the Ceylon and Ñolson ?nero manned in his honour an 1 saintes of 17 guns wero bred from tho Williamstown battery and from the Nelson lils 1 col lency will probably ho abaont about seven months Major 1 itt private secret try goes homo with fair Gooree Bowen but will not reiurn to tho colony Ho will bo succeeded hy a mihtnry officer now serving with Ins regiment At C lenelg tho voyago of IIis 1 x cellency was onlivoned bj a rathor exciting incident lakmLadvantatoof the fen hours on Bhoro allowod to passengers by the mail steamers, His Excellency spent a portion of the timo in driving about Adelaide and its vicinity. The time passed quickly and it happened that Sir George did not get back to Glenelg until the Ceylon had resumed her voyage. Fortunately a steam yacht was available and after an exciting chase of three miles the mail steamer was stopped and Sir George Bowen put on board. But for this His cellency's leave of absence might have been wasted. The R.M.S.S. Pera landed hermails on the 10th. inst., two days in advance of the due, notwithstanding an accident to her machinery which caused a detention of something like 30 hours The passenger list of the Pera contained the names of Governor Cairns, of Queensland and Governor Weld, of Tasmania and the Chief Justice of Vic- tori Sir Wm. F. Stawell who has returned to become Acting Governor during the absence of Sir Geo. F. Bowen. Governor Robinson, of Western Australia, was also a passenger by the Pera to King's George's Sound. A number of well known colonists also returned by her. Governor Weld left for Launceston soon after landing. Governor Cairns remained in Melbourne two or three days and was then conveyed to Brisbane via Sydney in H. M. steam sloop Barracouta. The commissioners appointed to represent Victoria at the Philadelphia Exhibition pro- pose to hold a preliminary exhibition at Mel- bourne in August next. The co-operation of New South Wales and South Australia has been secured, and negotiations are pend- ing not only with each of the other Austra- ian colonies but with the Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, Reunion, Ceylon, Java, Fiji, New Caledonia, Hawaii and Tahiti. No Victorian exhibits can be forwarded to Philadelphia unless they have been pre- viously exhibited at Melbourne but exhibits may be sent for exhibition at Melbourne only. Sir Redmond Barry the President of the Commission is now visiting New South Wales and Queensland with a view to ascer- tain the intentions of the Governments of those colonies in the matter of the combined representation of the colonies. The Bishop of Melbourne who is now r Turope has announced his intention of no1 returning to the colony Ho has not ex pressed any present intention of resigning but he refuses longer to draw any portion o¡ his stipend from the colony The results of the Matriculation and Civil Service Examinations for the October term, 1874 were posted at the Melbourne Uni- versity on the 15th inst. The number of candidates was 458 of whom 1J7 have passed the matriculation examination three with credit, and 245 have passed the Civil Ser vice Examination The percentage of passed compares favourably with previous exami nations but the number who passed with credit is very small Very few of the candi dates presented themselves for Greek but a large number passed well in Euclid The three candidates who passed with credit were-Vt llhara M M Alexander assistant master in Mr Oldham s state school Tmerald hill, Miss Alice Henry and Regi- nald E. Horsley Out of the 137 who passed the matriculation, 19 were young ladies At Ballarat there were 49 candidates 9 of whom passed both examinations and 13 the civil service only Six ladies were can didates at Ballarat, but all failed Mr 1 dward Ellis Morns has been chosen to succeed Dr Bromby as head master of the Church of 3 ngland Grammar School He is a master of arts of Lincoln College Ox ford Captain Stanley tho officer in charge of tho marine survey for this colony has re ceived instructions from the Government to prepare a report upon the silting up of the bay He will make an examination of the bay in order to ascertain whether the silting up is partial oi not and to discover tho changes which have taken place Ho has been requested to indicate the causes m his opinion of the silting up and also the neces sary measures to be taken to prevent its con tinuance m future The Royal Humane Society s silver medal was presented by Sir George Bowen just be fore his departure from the colony to James Henry BrownbiU and Cecil Herbert Mac meikan two brave boys to whom the medals have been awarded for their conduct in saving human life Mr Justice lellows who as the recipient of a similar medal ex penenced a fellow feeling for the youths promised to have the certificates accompany ing the medals framed for them Sullivan the Now Zealand murderer is still m custody in Melbourne the steamboat proprietors having refused to allow him to be conveyed to New Zealand in any of their vessels The difficulty as to his disposal is one which cannot be easily overcome Mr Eaton a clerk in the Public Works department bas been dismissed and Mr \\\ nidell, the inspector general of public works baB been censured by the Govern ment for allowing him to remain in the ser vice and to draw his salary without giving any adequate return therefor It is alleged that Mr Wardell would not take the re eponBibihty of recommending the dismissal of this employé and at the Bame time having no confidence in him he did not entrust bim with any duty of importance The Judicature Act passed during the last session of Parliament has como into opera ¿ion during the past month This measure makes several important alterations in judi cial procedure especially in relation to crimi nal matters The present General Sessions and Circuit Court districts the boundaries of which are not coterminous aro abolished A central Criminal Court is established and the colony is divided into six new divisions termed bailiwicks in each of which assize courts will be hold as heretofore Theso bailiwicks are named the Central the Mid land the Northern the Southern the Eastern and the Western Commissions issued to magistrates are for the several bailiwicks so that legal jurisdiction ia thus rendered uniform Amongst the passengers by the Ceylon for England last month was Mrs Bladen Neill, whoso energetic efforts to introduce and establish sericulture in this colony have frequently been noted Her visit home ia in connexion with this industry Although from tho want of suitable food for the silk Morros, the past season has not been very BucceBsful Mrs Neill has nevertheless been enabled to tako with her several bales of cocoons from which manufacturers at home may be afforded the opportunity of judging of the progress sericulture has made here The P and 0 Company have exhibited great liberality and have afforded evory encou ragement in their power to the establishment of this industry Bits Neill waa allowed a free pasBuge and her cabin was fitted up so as to allow the graining, operation to be car ned on during the voyafeO Mrs Neill is sanguine of the ultimate success of her efforls The annual repoit of the Melbourne Ine briate Retreat recently laid before the public showed that the number of patients m tho retreat on the 1st January 1871 was four that 21 males anil two fermles had 1 fen admitted during IS"! that 1J bad been dis cbaiged two had died and six remimc 1 in the retreat on December til -0 patients entered voluntarily and three corniulsonly Theaïerage time of patients in the retreit was 77 days Of tho li diaUiar_.ed five left with great hopes of a lermanent cure aove i were much unproved two returned of who n one is cured and the other is ni the retie it three returned to their indulgence 1 ho two Bent to the Lunatic Asylum wore insane from tbeir admission and after a fitr trial were removed 1 lie treasurer e Btatemont allowed a credit balance of £11» la Id but there were outstanding debts to the amount of fCOl 4a lid of which £100 waa foi supor intendent s salary A sum of i 00 w is ho \ ever duo from tho Government leaving t debit balanco of ' l8 Iho eil lbition of paintings and drawings executed lythe pupila attoiidiní, the achools of desjfcn and l iinting w ia oi oncd on the 15th mat m the liri o anncco attached to tho Technolotit ii Museum in tho Public I ii ruy biulilii y lhere aie iltogether about iCO v orl s exhibited all of which weio hn,lily cietlit ibk to the j ii ila Hie n ijonty of tho txl ti îtois aie youl _ la lies His i \collci ty the M irq us o£ Normanby who v as tal cn over fion by li oy to -uok land in ti e lloro 1 iid an mfoi m ttion attmat Cn tam Lonan for a breitli of tho Colonial laaecngers -it Ilia 1 ccellemy ltisalleted felt aggrieved tint sulhcient cibui spaco had not been allotted 1 îmself and suite and that other i issengcrs had been chargod less fire than himself J lio caso was tried on the day the nero left foi Melbourne and the Yucklaud authorities tnkinfe their own standard of mcisurement for the passenger space found that theie waa an excess of 15 passengers in tho saloon and adjudged Captain Loe,an to pay a fine of £10 in each instance oi £1J0 in all Against tina decision however thoro was a promi t appenl nnd tho matter is still sib j «ii e i lie Hero is 3upposod to have spaco in her saloon for 90 passengers and on tho trip on which tho Marquis of Nor man! y patiomacd her BIIO had only 55 passen, gera in the cabin Captain Loi,an means to have the atcamer ro measured hore, and again at Sydney and foi titled thus ho will moot the Auckland Customs oflicois on his next trip there A rather strango caso has boen heard at tho ban Indgo Police Cour1, A gontlo uinn named Ciando Tonkins was chargod with assaulting John Smith chief ofiinor of tho ship Carlislo Castle on tho 3rd mat tho defendant was a passenger from England in the veBsel, and during the voyage had become a great favourite with the sailors On the date named he went on board the vessel to removo his boxes When on board the defendant was invited into the forecastle by the sailors, and while sitting there the chief officer came up, and ordered him out of the forecastlo. The defendant, after some demur, rose up to leave the forecastle, when ho was seucd by the ürat and second officers, who, according to somo of tho witnesses, pulled the defendant about and kicked him The alleged assault consisted m tho defendant throwing some tea over tho first officer while ho was being removed from the forecastle. Mr. Mollison, F M , considered tho assault was proved, and commented on a gentleman m the position of the defendant associating with sailors Ho fined tho defendant £10, with £3 ás costs, in default of payment six weeks' imprisonment. The defendant gavo notice of appeal, and the necessary deposit to prosecute the appeal was lodged with the clerk of the court 'lhe report of the hoard appointed to in- quire into the conduct of Mr. M'Gauran, late medical officer of the Local Artillery force in relation to tho treatment of Gunner Dag well, has been sent In to the Government. It will be remembered that Dagwell threw him- self out of the barrack window, while suffer nig from delirium, and was killed. Mr M Gauran treated him for delirium tremens, whilst at the first inquiry evidence was ad- duced to show that he was suffering from the delirium of fever. The board condemned the treatment pursued by Mr M'Gauran. Ile was disaatiBlied with the finding, and on his application a second board was appointed, consisting of Dr. Wilkie and Mr. Crooke, and Mr. Graham Berry, M L A , chairman. The report of this hoard has now been sent in, and we understand that it exonerates Mr. M Gauran from the charge of unskilful treat. ment. Mr. Berry does not coincide with this report, and has sent in an addendum, ex EresBing his own views. The documents ave not yet been considered by the Govern- ment An application was made on the 22nd inst to his Honour Mr Justice Stephen, in cham- bers, for leave to appeal to the Privy Council in tho suit of Catey v. Candler. This waa a case in which the plaintiff, Mr. Casey, of Brighton, surgeon, sued Mr. Candler, the district coroner, for damages for false im- prisonment, the coroner having committed Mr. Casey to prison for 24 hours for contempt of court. At the trial, and afterwards at the Banco Court, the judges ruled that the coroner had power to commit for what he deemed to be a contempt of his court, and that the action for false imprisonment could not bo maintained. In consequence of these rulings the verdict went for the defendant, with costs The application of the 22nd inst. was made by Dr. Mackay on behalf of the plaintiff, and was granted by his Honour on the terms that the defendant's costs should be paid, surety being given that they will be refunded in case plaintiff succeeded before the Privy Council, and that plaintiff pro- vided the usual security of £500 for costs of the appeal. The distressing disaster which befel the Cospatrick off the Cape of Good Hope, has directed attention to the subject of fires at sea and means for their prevention. Mr. T. O. Handfield, a naval officer of experience, has a scheme for the prevention of such calamities. He recommends that all pas- senger Bhips should be fitted with a reticula- bon of perforated iron water pipes of from half an inch to one inch gauge, lining every beam and carline of the lower hold and 'tween decks, in connexion with sea cocks so arranged as to be under command from the upper deck, and worked in conjunction with pumps of sufficient power. Mr. Hand- field intends to send a model of his apparatus to the Philadelphia Exhibition. Active steps have been taken by the ma- naging committee of the Albert street Baptist Church to secure a successor to the Rev. Charles Clark. An invitation has been for- warded to the Rev. Dr. Angus, of London. In the meantime, the church has been fortu- nate enough to secure the temporary services of several able preachers from the neigh- bouring colonies. The Rev. James Green, wood, M.A., whose name has become well known m connexion with the present educa- tional agitation in Now South Wales, offi- ciates during the month of January, and the Rev. H. J Lambert, of South Australia, will preach during February. The Rev Mr. Clark has sailed for New Zealand on a three months' lecturing tour. On the evening of the 20th inst. a farewell banquet was given at Scott's Hotel to Mr James MacBain M L A,, prior to his depar- ture for the old country. About 60 gentle- men were present, and amongst the number were Sir John O'Shanassy, Sir George Verdon, the mayor of Melbourne, and the Rev. Dr. Cairns, Sir John O Shanassy occupied the chair, and proposed in complimentary terms the health of the guest of the evening. Mr Hanna, M L A , was entertained at a banquet at Benalla on the evening of the 5th inst. About 60 gentlemen sat down, and the Premier, the Treasurer, the Minister of Roads and Railways, and the Minister of Public Works were present. Mr Hanna was credited by his friends with having used his best exertions to secure the construction of the North Eastern Railway, and was gene- rally complimented on the faithful discharge of his Parliamentary duties. Signor Giovanni Branchi who has resided in Melbourne for upwards of five years, and has filled the positions of vice consul and acting consul for Italy, was entertained at a farewell dinner on tho evening of the 25th mst, at Scott's Hotel, by about 30 gentlemen, including several members of the consular body. The Hon. James Graham, M L C , occupied the chair. The chairman, in pro- posing Signor Branchi's health, stated that he had been recalled to Italy for the purpose of being promoted to a higher rank in the consular service of his native country, and expressed in warm terms the wishes of all present for his future happiness and prosperity. The toast was drunk with en thuBiaBm and gracefully responded to Signor Branchi goes home by the mail to morrow. A discovery suggestive at first sight of foul play has been made at tho house in North Fitzroy lately occupied by an old woman named Margaret Connor, who recently died in apparently indigent circumstances, though bank receipts for £500 were found con cealed in her dwelling. A girl employed by the proprietor, Mr Healey, to clean out the place, noticed two loose bricks in the hearth, and thinking that it might have been one of the old woman's hiding-places for money, removed the bricks when she found the re- mains of a human hand. The hand has the appearance of a very dirty glove, all the bone and flesh having disappeared, but the skin and nails are perfect. In close proximity to the hand was a piece of flesh in an advanced state of decomposition ln the chimney some other pieces of flesh were also found On the mutier being reported to the police Sergeant Bell had the hearth and lloor of the houpc taken up and also tho outhouses searched, but without finding anything fur- ther. Sergeant Bell describes the old woman is one of the most superstitious persons he ever met with, and thinks that one explana- tion of the mystery is the belief in a legend common among people of the old woman's class, that the possession of a dead man's hand conferred good fortune upon the owner. A fatal accident took place on the after- noon of the 17th instant, on the Yarra, whereby two lives were lost. A party of four men-three sailors belonging to the Sobraon and the other a shoemaker engaged a boat and were rowing on the river. When about 200 yards from the Botanical-gardens bridge the two men who were not rowing were about to change places with the rowers, and stood up in the boat to take off their coats. They did not preserve the balance of the boat which began to fill at the stern, and all the men jumped into the water. Two men got safely to the shore, but the others were drowned. Tho names of those drowned were Pugh, a quartermaster on board the Sobraon, and Jones, a shoemaker at Eme- rald hill. The other men, John Hubert and Alfred Gosling, were saved. Gosling swam ashore, and Hubert was rescued by a man named Henry Murphy. A boat belonging to tho Trench barquo Madura was capsi-cd in tho bay on the 13th instant, and 1 rancois Xuviers, cook of tho veesol, was diowned, threo other mon nat íowlj escaping a Bimilar fato. 'lhere have been severil disastrous fires dünnt the month, apart from the conflagra bons occasioned hy hush lues, which aro chionicled elsewhero At Emerald hill a Ino commenced m a Bmall grocers Bhop, near tho corner of York and Clarendon BtrcetB, and spread to ThomaB's drapery stoio, and aleo to a boot and BIIOO shop, and a barber s shop adjoining Tho total damage ia estimated at between £5,000 and £0 000 At North Sandridge five wooden buildings wore destrojed, tho tiro brigade having to stand idly by m consequent of thoro being no water available On tho 22nd inst. the _ ?'-.1...I.1II.. <-o n".i_,»" .>",.*- _ the North Eastern line was burnt down. The loss is estimated at over £3,000. The fire is supposed to have been occasioned by th spontaneous combustion of some tins of kerosene oil. A fire occurred at Sandhurst last Sunday by which Kittsons drapers shop was totally destroyed the darnato done amounting to £5,0000. TbegroeB receipts of the Hospital Sunday Comroitteo for the past year amounted to £r C80 7s and the payments to £5 578 13s . of which sum £5 33J 18a 7d waa distributed to the chantiea in the following proportions -The Melbourne Hospital £2 Jr7 19s Id Alfred Hospital £840 8a Benevolont ABylum £87G fis 2d , Lying in Hospital £4bJ Og 9d Hospital for Sick Children £29J 9s 2d Eye and Eai Hospital £190 7s 7d Homeopathic Dispensary £85 ila , Immigrants Aid Society £225 17s 2d The obituary of the month includes several old colonists The Hon B Williams M L C died at his residence Acland street St Kilda on the 30th December The deceased was a very old colonist having come out to Victoria m the year 1849 Ho was for many years in business as a merchant in Mel bourne and he was thrice returned to the Legislativo Council as the representative of the Lastern Province Whilst his health permitted he attended regularly to his public duties but he never took a very prominent part in politics lhe deceased had been suffenng from a renal complaint for a long time and he finally succumbed to it in his 70th year ThodeathofMr Laurence Bourke formerly M L A for Kilmore took place at his residence Kedra vale Pyalong on the 15th inst Ho had been unwell for some weeks The deceased gentleman was a colonist of many years standing The death of Mr J C Webster late of the firm of Wilkie Webster, and Allan in Collins street east makes another break in the chain connecting the present musical generation with the past A period of nearly 40 years of service in the great London house of Broadwood and Sons brought him in con tact with all the musical celebnties of the time whether of the Irench Ger man Italian or Lnghsh schools A friend of Ries, the favourite pupil of Beeth- oven he was also intimate in those circles wherein Smart and Stevenson were leaders. No man m this country was master of a greater fund of anecdote in connexion with the musical world of bis day than the late Mr Webster and his conversation amongst his intimates on such subjects was always full of interest and entertainment He died at his place at Moonee Ponds on the 20th inst aged 64 years The German community of Melbourne has lost an old and prominent member in the person of Mr Hermann Puttmann who died on the 27th December last at his resi- dence m Richmond at the age of 63 years The deceased was for many years intimately connected with the German press of Aus- tralia and his name was familiar as a house- hold word to our Teutonic fellow colonists as the author of a number of publications, noticeable among which were a German account of the Burke and Wills ex- ploring expedition and a history of the great war of 1870-71. The late Mr Putt- mann possessed a most extensive know- ledge of ancient and modern literature, and in his earlier years published a Ger- man version of Chattertons works be- sides writing a biography of that poet. He was also the author of several volumes of poetry of some merit and for a number of years acted as editor of the feuilleton of the Cologne Gazette. In the revolutionary struggles of his country (1848) he espoused the popular cause with great fervour but with much worldly disadvantage to himself The deceased's funeral was attended by a large number of his countrymen the mem- bers of the German Liedertafel singing a hymn at the grave. His daughter Miss Kate Puttmann a young lady of promising talent and most amiable disposition who was a valued member of the Liedertafel died on the 23rd inst, at the age of 22 POLITICAL Parliament being now in recess the politi cal events of the past month have been few and unimportant in character After the departuro of His Excellency Sir George Bowen by the last mail Sir Redmond Barry the senior judge in the absence of the Chief Justice was sworn in as Acting Governor The ceremony took place on January 1 He occupied the position for only a few days as Sir W T Stawell the Chief Justice arrived by the mail steamer on the 11th inst and assumed the office of Acting Governor and was sworn in the fol- lowing day An interesting and intricate point has been raised in legal circles re- garding the interpretation of the commission. By the terms of the general commission the administration of the government during the absence of the Governor is vested in the Chief Justice for the time being or in his absence in the senior judge Sir Redmond Barry having as senior judge in the absence of the Chief Justice been appointed to fulfil the functions of Governor during the absence of Sir George Bowen could not it was contended, be affected by the return of the Chief Justice no provision having been made in the commission for such a contingency arising. Had the Chief Justice been in the colony when Sir George Bowen left he would necessarily have been sworn in as Acting Governor but in his absence the senior judge must be appointed and the return of the Chief Justice to the colony afterwards would not affect his position This wew is held by several lawyers of repute On the other hand tho Crown law oflicers hold that under tho commission the Chief Justice on his return to tho colony superseded the senior judge as Acting Governor and that there ia no force in the point raised. Whatever the legal force of the objection may be it was not allowed to interfere with the sweanng in of Sir William Stawell as Acting Governor the ceremony being perfoimed by Sir Redmond Barry himself On the 5th January a banquet was given at Benalla to Mr Hanna M L A member for the district, at which the Premier and several other members of the Ministry were present Mr Kerford in the course of his speech summed up the position of his Government as follows - .They had sold off the old stock of the last Government and when they met Parliament again-which would be hoped be in the course of a few months \- they would have to propose measures of their own and propound a policy of their own. It could not, therefore, be expected that he should now, within a fortnight of the prorogation of Parliament make that policy known but they might be sure if they could judge of the men who had passed the Educa tion Act, and other important measures by their past conduct that the measures they would submit in the future would be equally suited to tho wishes of tho \ eonle I here were however several In ¡Ortant questions ti at would have tolo dealt with very early i o\t session ii ese were reform of the Con stilution adjusln ci t of the incidence of taxation mid an ameudi lent of tho present law relatn g to ti e rcj resentfttion of the peoile .Beso were neasures that would late to bo dealt with in a comprehen si\ o Bl mt at an early date eithei 1 y them or by ai oil er Goycn mont The Minster of Lands gave his decision on the Echuca dummy cases on January 12. These cases of dummyism in the Echuca dis- trict were investigated by a special land board, of which Judge Bindon was chairman, about two months ago. The parties in- terested appealed from the decision of the board to the Minister of Lands and the cases were argued before him at great length. Mr. Casey intimated that, with few exceptions the recommendations of the board in regard to the selectors would be carried out. The pastoral licensees of the Wharparilla, Cornelia Creek and Restdown runs were not to have licences issued to them, and reports were to be outlined as to the character and value of the improvements upon the reserves. In the last Government Gazette it was notified that the pastoral licences issued to Sim- mie, Fraser and Craig for the Cornelia Creek run, to Boyd and Bell for the Rest- down Plains run north and the Restdown Plains run west and to Robert Glass for the Wharparilla run, have all been forfeited and revoked. Mr Simon Fraser, one of the pas- toral tenants is a member of the Legislative Assembly, representing Rodney. The unsatisfactory state of the land sys- tem is forcing itself upon public attention. At Ballarat an endeavour has been made to form a land league, and a public meeting was held on January 25 to consider the subject. The attendance was not large. The following resolution which was drawn up to be submitted to the meeting will ex- plain the objects of the proposed league ;- That this meeting, believing that much of our past and present land legislation has been most disastrous to the welfare of the colony, obstructive of the permanent bona fide settle- ment in it of an industrious population proportionate to the resources of the land alienated and conducive to a wholesale monopoly of the public estate by capitalists, is satisfied that the time has arrived when the people of Victoria should unite and de- mand an entirely new land policy, as the chief means of saving the colony from the ruin with which it is thereby threatened; and that the best method to secure a sound land policy will be by establishing a power- ful organisation of colonists of all classes to be called the Victorian Land League, or some other name for the purpose of initiat-t ing and maintaining such a policy as will meet the present and future requirements of the colony - the leading features in which should be -1 The state to be the perpetual landlord of all existing Crown lands, and of all freehold land that may revert to it. 2. A graduated scale of freehold land taxation 3\. A restriction on the maximum area of land that may he bequeathed, or that may by right revert to any one individual. 4. Agricultural land that may be selected under any title by one person, or by one family, to be limited, according to its quality and locality, to certain maximum areas. The resolution was, however, amended before being proposed, by leaving the four condi- tions with which it terminated to be adopted or rejected by the proposed organisation, except that referring to the land tax. An amendment was suggested by Mr W Clarke, M L A , to the eflect that every legitimate facility should be afforded under the present land laws to selectors with a view to retain our own population in the colony, but that to prevent dummyisin no transfers should issue for 10 years, the rents accruing during that time to go to the purchase of the land. The amendment was negatived, and the original proposition agreed to. A committee was appointed to carry out the object of the meeting The vacancy in the representation of the Eastern Province in the Legislative Council caused by the death of the Hon. Benjamin Williams has been filled by the return of Mr. W. Wilson, who formerly represented Ararat in the Legislative Assembly, and was a mem- ber of the last M'Culloch Ministry. Mr Wilson was returned unopposed, the other candidate, Mr 1 Brown, president of the Beechworth Shire Council, having retired from the contest at the last moment, m con sequence of ill health Parliament, which was prorogued until Tebruary 1, has been further prorogued until March 1 The members of the Ministry have been enjojing a holiday Instead of the uBual whitebait dinner at the CIOBO of the sea sion, a Ministerial picnic was substituted Hie picnic was given at Sorrento, a small watering place on the bay, on Janu ary 13 -here were about 200 guests, ladies and gentlemen, and a most enjoyable day was spent During the last ten days all the members of the MiniBtry, with the ox ccpbon of Mr Service and Mr Ramsay, havo been absent from the colony on u cruise in the Government vessel, the Victoria They left on tho 17th met, and, after inspecting the lighthouses m Bass s Straits visited Hobart Town They are expected to return m a day or two THE WEATHER INTENSE HEAT The moderate weather with which Victoria had been favoured this season up to the time the last English mail left continued as far into January as the commencement of last week, when we were inllictod by a visitation of heat such as has not been experienced for more than a dozen years. The heat became extremely unpleasant on Monday, the 18th inst, and from that time until near midday on Friday, the 22nd inst, it increased in force to such an extent as to be almost unbearable, while at the same time highly dangerous to young children and weakly adults. Tuesday the 10th inst, was the hottest which had been experienced this season, the tempera- ture in the shade at the Melbourne Observa- tory being 106.8deg , and in the sun 146deg. According to the weather telegrams received in town on the same day the heat extended over all Victoria and the neighbouring colonies. On the next day the weather was more oppressive still, the temperature at the Melbourne Observatory being 110 4deg in the shade and 148 2deg in the sun or a little over one degree less than the highest register since the 14th January, 1862, when 111.2deg. was recorded in the shade, and 160deg. in the sun. The intense heat had a disastrous effect on the orchards and gar- dens in the suburban districts around Mel- bourne, but the injury so done was trifling when compared with the accounts which were forwarded to town during the course of the week of the damages caused by bush fires in the interior of the colony. From Ballarat Sandhurst, and Castlemaine came reports showing that there were numerous bush fires in the districts around those places. At least half a dozen bush fires could be seen at one time on the Monday night from Scarsdale, while an extensive bush fire swept over the country between Steig- litz and Meredith, known as the Sheoak Ranges. At Maldon, on the Tuesday, the thermometer stood at 112deg. in the shade, and the town was enveloped by the smoke from scores of surrounding bush fires On Thursday, the 21st inst, the heat was only half a degree less in the shade than on the previous day and a little over a degree less in the sun, and the accounts of catastrophes in the country districts from bush fires be- came more numerous. Six cases of death from sunstroke occurred, one being in Mel- bourne, another m Williamstown, and the rest in the country districts , while at least a dozen other persons suffered from the same cause though fortunately without fatal results. Particulars were forwarded to town of the death of Mrs. Ellis the wife of a farmer near Inglewood, while endeavouring to extinguish a fire in a paddock on the pre- vious day. Mrs. Ellis saw a fire break out in one of her husband's paddocks and she, with other women, ran towards the fire with bushes to beat it down and put it out, but her clothing took fire, and she was at once enveloped in flames and placed beyond human help. Everything was burned off her and she died in a few hours afterwards. On the same day Harry Smith a farmer living about two miles and a half from Beaufort on the Stockyard-hill road while in the act of keeping off a bush fire which was fast ap- proaching his house, became exhausted and fell down, when he was burned to death. On the 24th inst the charred body of a settler named Wm Lord was found at Sheoak in the Western district. It is supposed that as the deceased had his arm under his head he had lain down to rest during the extreme heat of the day, and that the fire had over taken him. He was 29 years of age, and leaves a wife and number of young children unprovided for. The mortality in Melbourne and the su- burbs during the hot weather was very great lhe number of burials which took place in the Melbourne Cemetery last week were as follow :-Monday 19 of which 14 were chil- dren, Tuesday 37, of which 27 were children: Wednesday, 30 of which 27 were children: Thursday 43. of which 31 were children : Friday, 66 of which 50 were children, and Saturday, 57, of which 33 were children. It will be thus seen that there were 279 burials in the Melbourne Cemetery of which 190 were of children. Among the adults there were no special causes of death but the heat told terribly upon all children who were ailing whether from measles or dentition or the thousand and one complaints to which infantile flesh is heir. So soon as the cool weather set in there was a great decrease in the number of deaths. On Sunday last the burials in Melbourne amounted to only 21. In the Inglewood district one fire burned a tract of country 20 miles in length and several miles in breadth. The township of Wedderburn was surrounded by fire, and communication almost cut off. On Tor- pichen station everything but the bare dwell- ing house was destroyed, including six miles of fencing. No less than seven bush fires were raging around Sandhurst on the Wednesday and a great deal of damage was done to farms in the district, and on Wednesday night Mount Macedon was covered from base to summit with flames The fire had then been raging two days and was at its height when the 9 o'clock passenger train went by on Wednesday even- ing. The appearance of the mountain on fire was described by the passengers as being grand in the extreme. The weather continued to be extremely hot on the morning of Friday, the 22nd inst. reaching 101.8deg. in the shade by 11 o'clock am, and 146 in the sun but the wind then went round from the north to the south-west, and in 10 minutes the register in the shade was only 76. The change was, of course, most agreeable and though it appeared during the remaining portion of Friday as doubtful whether the cooler tem- perature would last the wind became set in the south-west by Friday night and the atmosphere was made pleasant by showers which fell over a good portion of the colony. It is almost impossible to estimate the vast amount of injury done to property in the colony by the bush fires. The principal damage has been the burning of farmers' and squatters grass lands, many hundreds of miles of which must have been consumed, and the next is probably the destruction of wooden fencing which appears to have been burnt wherever the fires reached it. The most direct and oppressive losses, however, are those of small settlers, who have had their farmhouses, or cattle, or stacked crops consumed and they are many in number. Three selectors near Mount William were totally burnt out and another at Jelluka lost his crop, homestead, and everything but his bare burnt land. By one fire in the Smythes- dale district the loss of different settlers was estimated at £3,000. A line of flame 20 miles long lit up the Grampian hills. Several farmers in the Huntly Shire lost everything they were possessed of. The Chinese camp in the di- rection of Five Flags, near Castlemaine, was wholly destroyed by fire, and the inhabitants rendered houseless or tentless. Nearly a mile of telegraph posts were burned down between Smythesdale and Linton, and at Staffordshire Reef, near Smythesdale, the stables and piggeries of Mr. Eymer, a store- keeper, were burnt down, 28 pigs and one sheep being burned to death. On a small farm near Beaufort 200 sheep were destroyed by fire, and a woman who attempted to save her house from flames was severely burnt. Mr John Wilson, of Trawalla, had 300 sheep burnt and the run of Messrs. Beggs was set fire to in three or four places by sparks from the railway engine. Mount Cole, in the same district, presented a grand spectacle, the flames appearing from a distance to com- pletely envelope it. Extensive fires raged in the Plenty Ranges about 25 miles from Mel- bourne, and came down from the ranges into the valleys, where they did considerable damage to the lands and fencing of the settlers. In the districts around Geelong the bush fires were very numerous, and many small farmers are said to have been ruined by them. On Thursday the 21st inst., the thermometer registered 115deg. in the shade in Geelong. Several farmers were burnt out in the Kilmore district, one, John Cronin, being burnt out of house and home, and left penniless with his wife and six children. Great losses were suffered in the Daylesford district. Mr. J. H. Wheeler had three miles of tramway burned, and with difiiculty saved his lower saw mill from de- struction. Mr. L. Dyer lost at his farm, Larry's-hill the produce of 70 acres of oats, valued at £500. Mr Bromley, a neighbour also had the whole crop of hay off a 20-acre paddock burned. He estimates his loss at £250. Mr Westicott, a farmer of the same place lost all his fencing. On Monday a fire broke out three miles down Kangaroo Creek, and consumed the house, crop and fencing of Mr Callaghan. He estimates the damage at £750, and is left destitute. Mr. Cheeres has also lost his house, cultivating crop, &c.;, and is left destitute with a large family. Mr Gollan had all his outbuildings, fences, crop, &c.;, destroyed and but for the gallant manner in which Mr. Wheeler and his men battled with the flames the house and stables would have been lost. He esti- mates his loss at £350. Mr Dinse, of the same neighbourhood, has lost his stacks and everything else. All Mr. Orr's outbuildings were burned and also his crops and fencing. Mr. Orr estimates his loss at £300. Mr. Richardson has lost everything except his dwelling house. Between Steigltiz and Maude 50 miles of fencing were burnt. Near Bunin- yong, M'Kenzie Brothers had 140 sheep burnt to death. From King's Gully to the junction of Cargerie Creek not a blade of grass is visible, nor a fence to be seen. The Leigh Grand Junction Bridge that cost about £1,600 took fire several times and was only saved by great exertions. Messrs Bingley, in the neighbourhood of Mount Mercer, it is rumoured, had 1,000 sheep burnt. On the Preston estate Hamilton, Miss Smyth saved the lives of her children with difficulty. On the Kilmany park run Gipps Land, 15, 000 acres were burnt. At Victoria Valley, near Hamilton, 17 selectors were burnt out. In Taylors Forest a couple of bullocks were burnt alive. So extensive have been the disasters to residents in the country parts, that it is only possible to mention a few of them as examples of what has been of general occurrence. The spread of the fires after they were lighted was of course greatly assisted by the intense heat of the sun drying up vegetation, but it is almost inconceivable how so many fires could have broken out at one time over the greater part of the colony except by attribut- ing gross carelessness to large numbers of the residents in country districts. The lucifer match carelessly flung away after lighting a pipe, a spark from the unpro- tected funnel of a steam threshing machine or of a locomotive, an empty bottle left in a position where it can concentrate and focalise the rays of the sun, or a fire lit for cooking purposes in the bush, and thoughtlessly left to smoulder or spread - these are among the agencies which are most commonly at work. And the mischief and suffering which ensue are incalculable, as our experience of last week teaches. Such dear experience should also teach all the residents in country parts carefulness in dealing with fire, which is so destructive an element when let loose in a hot and parched up country like Vic- toria was last week. The weather is now pleasantly cool, and the greater part of the bush fires have died out. The inconvenience and distress caused by the great heat in Melbourne and its suburbs was increased to an intolerable degree by the fact of the Yan Yean water supply failing in some of the higher districts. For years past, whenever there have been a few days of great heat, the water supply of the city has been found inadequate for an unintermittent supply of water, which the service is supposed to give, and which householders pay for, and every year promises have been made by the Water Supply department or members of the Government, that the evil should be reme- died by the next summer. It was said that by the present summer a second main from the Yan Yean reservoir would be completed in which case, as there is sufficient water in the reservoir, a good supply might have been expected, but the promise of the second main has not been fulfilled and the consequence last week was that many people were left without water at the time when it was most imperatively necessary The department, in order to remedy the grievance, adopted the plan of giving an intermittent supply, by only allowing water to persons in one half of the districts during the hours of the day, and those in the other half at evening and night time, but the plan did not succeed, as the service reservoir at Preston ran dry, and the inhabitants of some parts of the suburbs were left without water for as long as two days together. Mr Service, the Treasurer of the colony, in conjunction with the mayor of Emerald-hill, Kew, and Richmond, took steps to have a number of 400gal. tanks placed on drays and filled with water which was carted round to the parts where the ser- vice pipes of the Yan Yean failed to carry water, and the distress caused was in a mea- sure then relieved. Mr Service promised that the Government would bear all the expense attached to the distribution by tanks, and as he has requested the municipal body in any dis- trict to adopt the same plan if the water should fall short in their district, and pro- mised that the Government will pay all ex- penses, it is probable that such inconvenience and suffering as occurred last week will not happen again. The report from the Melbourne Observatory respecting the great heat says that the five days from Monday, the 18th, to Friday, the 22nd, was the period of greatest heat re- corded in Melbourne, the average tempera- ture for the 24 hours on the 18th having been 76.2dc_ on tho l'lth 83 ldog on the 20th Mldcg , on tho -1st Mi 7deg on tho 22nd Sldeg gnmg an average for the five days of bbJdei, whilo tbo hiphcBt live diyB averngo on îecord only roailioil 80 kleg from January 0 to 10 1872 1 ho daily over tges on the 20th and 2tst wr-ro also tho hi-hcBt ou record vi/ Dldeg and9!7dcg respectively 'Il îdeg boiiiL the maximum on Unitary 11 1802 on w hiili day the absoluto mixiinuin ecordid since lfejS onuired vi/ 111 2 leg Although there wero somo showers on 1 ii day night last tho quantity of rain wluih fell was very slight Up to tbo 2jth mat thero bad bein only 0 57in oEiain and now tho gieatest fears aro entertained of a drought oi curung in tho farming and grazing districts Some rectntly selected country in tho Wim mera district is already dried up and many of the solcitors it is said will bo obliged to quit their holdings as they havo neither vegetation nor watir left for thomsolvcB or their animals Tho/VensdJii Creek. Ni wi has tho follow mg - Ihe fires on tho Grampians have had tho effect of almost stui ifyuig tho willobies that luivo bein driven fiom tliou liiiunta by them I hey nro to bo found in crouds at ovory watennj, placo for a great diatnnco und aro rendered quito tnmo by tho frifeht tinder liiuiBlioii of then rapid travelling Auvan «Le ma boon talton of tina i.et by several who Ilka on cosy kind of buntine, and tho nssembled marsupials havo boon Blauglitored almost unresistingly It is also foarcd that tho bro will dnvo tho door from tho r haunts and porhai n roBiilt ni chcikin_ thur ' nuuanuil _iro_«8H THE REVENUE. The following comparative statement of the net revenue of Victoria received into the Treasury, Melbourne, during tho quarters and year» ending 31st December, 1S73, and 31st December, 1874, respectively, was pub« liBhed in the Ooiernment Gazette - I - ClSTO-S Spirits Will« Beer anil elilor Tobacco And sntiS Clpirs lea Sugar and mo insscs Coffee, chicory, cocon, and clio colate Opium , Mee Uni a Unit Dried und pro served fruits ami vc;et~blcs Artlclcs subject lo m1 valorem du tics All other articles v\ luring« rates Dulles on Uiver Murri} goods Tolal cuatomi H -EXCISB AND iM-'.DllKVKM-, Spirits distilled In Victoria Auctioneers' céneos AU other licences Duties on estate» of deceased per Bona .. III -Tiitnno nur. Salo of land bv auction Receipts towards tlio purcliasa of lands and rents and licences Pastoral occupa tion, Ac Miner» rights Business licences Leases of aurifer oiiB and mineral lands W atcr right and searching li cotices, _c Total territorial IV - P t-ilil VVoniis Railway Income Watoi Supplj - "V au Yean On L.ld fields Geelong Dock dues Toll reeemts Quarter ending 117,157 [9,3 8,078 33,14S 4 80S 21,771 29,673 165(1 4,087 6,616 2.J88 4,500 S.23D 81,701 62,687 27,2901 0.14S 87,017 8 231 20,071 1S.CH 5,182 4,292 4,623 1,873 4,317 0,276 S3,38l> «1,0101 26,038 Tear ending 8,055 1,6001 10,940 20,003 125,500! £ 491,801 81,406 Sl,10< 130 211 10,4V 71,48' 04,425 18,408 22,883 10 704 17,230 435,7001 218,873 104,806 _ 602 339 80,83.! 34,559 120,55t 14,00 08,206. 100,438 11,02« 17,024 18,602 10,329 10,020. 82,513 407 68S 222,07« 105,009 8,051 67,8 82,209 110,463 102,401 1,-10 8,'l90 """' 1,70.J 2,955 V -roan Ahn lURDoms Toniingo Pilolae,« at out ports Total ports anti harboms VI-POST AND Te LraitAi u Ornéis Fo«uu_,- . Commission oi monos orders Elcetrlc telegraph Total Post and Telegraph Of flees \II -I-M Supremo Court General Sessions 4. County Courts Courts of Mines Cuurts of Potty Sessions UndtrthoTransfer of Land Statuto All other fees A III - F i vu Supreme Court General Sessions mid County Courts Couits of rctt\ Sessions All other fines and forfeitures Total fines IT - MlSCELlAVt 2,000 709 4« 2,324 4,410 22,403 2,131 1617 1,°09 15,010 1,013 07,107 610,408 138 308 0,707 1.4J3 13,805 1,142 778,4s' 30,471 48,532 2,340 Kents, extrusive of| land Qov eminent prill I ter Labour of prl Qouet Industrial and Ho fonna tor} sehoolsj Storage of sun no«dor Salo of Govern incut property Master in Ltinac} Intel est on 1'ublU Account Interest on Inv CBt inents hilcreston Dopart mcntnl Accounts Interest on loans to local bodies Sui plus, Mint Su sldj, returned All other iccclpts 874,078 84,01(1 7,810 2,612 3.S04 144,011 41,7471 42,012 0,000 2,SSM 5,330 9,0801 3,173 18 633 63,0.14 100,400 Total i «venus Net ilcci elise on the quarter Net luercaso on tho ) car 247 1,736 2,003 70S| 807 ISO 1,041 8,712 11,000 154 2,231 5,355 Dr 5,041 1,440 7,188 11,881 2,501 1,8S5 4 6Sr 3,831 60,530 23,42t 1,026 0.76C f 10,0011 1,000 8.005 10,303 2,010 1,483 4 no 3,2,11 34,001 18,280 2,182 5,102 I122.S03 I 111819 " DxoltiBlvo of £41,000 10s Od , recoups from loans, rocclvcd December quarter, 1873 t I xclusho of £53 440 Is 8il, recoups from loins, received Dcceniuor quarter, 1874, GOLD AND TIM GOLD TIDLDS In the early part of the prosont month an opportunity was given of formiug a tolerably correct estimato of tho state of the mining in. duBtry of this colony in the year 1871 It is a mattorof impossibility uudci present arrange menta during tho course of any partícula! j ear to determine with accuracy the qnantity of gold which may have been got in tho pre- ceding portion of tho yoar, but when each tear has closed The Ai gua lins worked out the results by tho only available method of turning at a correct eBtnnato of tho amount of gold obtained in that yoar. In calculating the results tho Customs returns of the amount exported is hrst reckoned, and tho quantity of gold held by the banks at the commencement and end of the year is thou taken into consideration, and a balance struck between the two If tho balance is in favour of the end of the year it is added to tho expoit return, and if ntaiiiBt it IB deducted. Since the establishment of the llojal mint m Victoiia anothei clement has been introduced into the calculation, and it is now necossary to ide! the amount of gold minted each year to the total return given hy tho combined ex. ort mid bank accounts, besides which tho grertest discinnination is necessaiy in order to determino how much of the gold exported at tho betnmiug of each year belon.,8 to that j ear, and how much may bo fairly creditod to lho preceding jeal as having beonroally ob- tained in it 'I ho completo roturns woio ob tinned as usual hy 'Jlit. Aigus about a fort, nifcht ago, and they justilied the approheu« Bioiispreviously entertained that thoto vvis a veiy Berious declino in tho gold yield of 1871 as compared with 1873, tho de elmo being no less than ltfi^'lJo/ Tho total export of gold from Victoria dining 1871 as tuen by the Customs, amounted to 1 012 lrj¿07 , of which 004,1540/ waa tho produce of Victoria lrom that was sub tincted riG,422o7 , the amount taken by tho mail steamer Nubia at tho commencementol lho j ear, which bolonfccd to 187J llio de- duction brought tho not export of told, tlio produce of Inst sear, duiing last year to foro (.neu, mado tho total not yield fir 1S71 1102(llo/ Tho yield for 187) was 1,21.1.7o/, showing, as bo foro Hinted, a deercaso on last wai of llliT'tli/ 'lho deercaso on lni s na compatcd with 187-! ^as W.d'lio/. The uverato nuinbei of miners employed, upon our |ioW held« during 1871 was m lound mimbers, dl.,-00, or nearly 0,000 lest) than during the previous year The follow mg table gives the average number era ployed and the quantity of gold produced for the last nine yearB -_ 18CÖ 1807 3808 1800 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 78 470 05 857 61,181 08 037 60 307 C8 101 51051 5" 6« 40 800 Yield ot Gold 1 530 531 1 493 831 1,474 181 1,807,003 1 281 811 1 303 370 1 317 102 1 249 407 1 102 014 It is Bomewhat singular that notwith standing the variations in the yield of poid the average earnings of the mdividimt miner calculated by dividing the produce amongst the number of men employed in obtaining it ha^e remo ned about the same Thus m 1860 the value of each minors earnWBB judging from the gross results and estimating the gold a* £4 an ounce was Ila per week m 1807 3r9 in 18C8 30s ml8u) n trille less than 31s in l.>70 a fraction wore than 32a per week in 1871 about 31a Gd per week in 1S72 a small fraction over .37s per week in 1873 rather more than 30a Od per week and m 1874 a fraction over 30s per week The past year is generally consilered to have been unsuccessful for the mining in dustry and various causes are given to account for that result the pnncirial one no doubt being the fact that dunng the year no fresh extensive alluvial depoaits of gold bearing washdirt were found or exceedingly rich y lelds obtained from various quartz mines na was the case at Sandhurst in the years 1871 2 and part of 1873 During the whole of last year it was hoped and expected that Borne new nch discoveries of alluvial or quart- mines would have been made but the hope was not fulfilled Had it been the yield of the year would have quite equalled that of the previous one A large amount of work is however now being performed both in quartz and alluvial mines and it seems to be almost an impossibility to carry it on much longer without finding something very important and advantageous to the mining industry in tho form of rich quart? or alluvial washdirt Another of the causes of the depression of last year in mining was the over speculation in si ares m 1872 and 1873 A good number of the claims then started never did anything but make calls on their shareholders for ox penses without giving any return m gold and tbo result was felt during last yea" in the unwillingness of the public to invest in mining property generally even though the mines broaght under their notice might be considered to have legitimate claims to tho support of investors Miny of the minea Winch morely made calls in 1872 and 1873 havo Dow however been given up a fact that must act beneficially on the mining abare market dunng the present year Hie high fictitious prices which mining shares reached in 1871 2 3 in consequence of the) very magm Scent yields of some of the Sandhurst mines also acted very detrimentally on mining affairs last year and resulted in a most serious decline in the value of shares gene rally Hie decline wnn increased by a deaire shown on tho part of Melbourne investors to withdraw their capital from mining which desire was no doubt mainly the result of a perception of the fact that the whole thing liad been overdone The total results of mining on Sandhurst dunng last year have now however been made up and as they show very favourably it is most probable that increased confidence will be displayed hy investors m mines in that district as well as in others where there nre good prospects In summing up the mining operations of 1874 it becomes apparent that they were important and that some discoveries have "been made which have greatly increased cou iidence in the permanency of our auriferous quart- lodes At Clunes where at one time it seemed as if the deep quart/ would not Pay tho Port Phillip Company have got better y îelds at a depth of 700ft though the same lode from a depth of 100ft was not paying The New North Clunes Company have made the discovery of a cunous run of what is said to be blncklead mixed with small quart/ and gold which has proved to be highly îemunerative At Pleasant Creek the Extended Cross Reef Company struck a now vertical lode at a depth of 870ft, which has been found to give a yield of 3oz to the ton This proof of tbo richness of quart? at Stawell at a great depth has caused much confidence to bo felt in the resources of the diBtnct because it IB held to be now demon Stratcd that quartz mining will be remuner ativo for mon" years m the Stawell district at least At Sandhurst the discoveries on the Garden Gully line are considered to be very important Ihe Pandora Company have struck the lode at a depth at which it has never been worked before, and this is held to show that the whole of this famous line is nearly ceitam to pay at a considerable depth The discovery is ona of great im portanco to Sandhurst and ita effects have been felt m the livelier appearance of the share market and in the greater confidence expressed m the permanency and prosperity of the district In Gipps Land discoveries of coal have been made which may turn out to bo very valuable, as the district where tho Beams have been found is said to be the most likely part of the colony to contain a real coal field There have also been nu merous minor discoveries during the year. At Maldon the Eaglehawk Union Company have demonstrated that the deep ground there contains very rich quart/ and some splendid cakes of gold were obtained during the latter pnrt of the year On tho Uppor \arra eomo rich quart/ Ima been found and there has been a rush to tho Haid Hills Berlin which promises to be of moro import ance but the chief mining event of the year is the discovery of nrh q tart? lodes at con Siderablc depths In tbo Ballarat district minmi, progiees lina not been very great dunng the year Hie Hand and Band Com pany and tbo Winters 1 reehold Company were both reported to bave struck some thing new but the \aluo of tbo discovery has not vet been proved Several once famous Ballarat companies aro barely paying expensen and the alluvial future of the district may be said to depond upon something which has y et to bo found out T o the south west of the city tbero must lie a considerable extent of wash as the outlot of the celebrated Inkermann load baa never been traced, and there aro supposed to be a number of tributaries which must help to mako up a widespread wiall The City Company which is now on ROged in making further préparations to battlo with the water feels secure of getting rich woehdirt when they reach tho bottom and if they can beat ti e water they may have a very largo tract of paying country to work There are several probleniB yet to be solved in connexion with the western phteau at Ballarat and the present year ought to see some of thom in tho way of solution There appears now to be no doubt that the theory propounded in Ile At gi v many years ago ia correct and that tho principal leads go out to tbo south but whether there IB a grand trunk lead into which all the others fall remains to be prove 1 In quart? mining Ballarat but especially Balla rat 1 ost has made good procrees though the average yield contincs to bo very low and several discoveries which may be of import ance ha'vo beon molo Good quart/ ia le ported to bave been found at "Mount Helen near Buninyong and there IIB quito a little nish at Slaty Creek where some excollont quart/ baa been found The Black lull Com nany and the quart/ corni ames at little Bendigo have been steadily at work during the year and havo obtained good res Uta while the numerous companies in Ballarat 1 ast havo mado suib progress aa to Bhow that tho quart/ lodea there if properly worked can be mado to p ly Skilful aud economical work avoidance of rash specula tion and faititious enteiprise mayyetmako Ballarat a very important quartz mining centre even if it cannot equal the splendour of Sandhurst. At Smythesdale there havo been some good claims during the year and tho Haddon mines havo kept steadily at work with, in some cosea fuir results duo however, to tbo employment of Chinese labour At Creswick the alluvial ground lias ?continued to be very rich the returns have been most satisfactory and there is a fair prospect of a \ery lar_o oxtont of paying country being opened up Iho Now North Clunes Companys ground groatly improved towards lha end of tho year and no one can predict how long tina old Staunch mino wil last T ho Port Phillip Company s (¡round has improved in tholowerlevols and thiacompany may in the courso of the year get into divi (leuda again Blackwood baa mado progress during tho year but results havo siarcely reached expectations At .Steiglitz and I lame a good deal of work lias beon done during the yoar but thoro is nothmg of special importanco to iall for remark though tho prospects of tho latter pi ice aro satisf ii tory on tho wholo At Sandhurst tho years work has been, all things conaidered highly Satisfactory 1 lie dulness of tho early part of thi jua has loen redeemed by better proa pects on the Garden Gully lino and a number of small claims at Snob s lull Eaglehawk got ting into gold Hie Great 1 xtendod Huatlei s Company s shaf.. is now down S20ft and the corni ai y are engaged in prospecting opora tioiiB ns will as ni crushing from the quart? opened up liurnu tbu year this celebrated company lins paid dividends with regularity the total amount for tim year being £48 )00 1 rom the Gurdon Cully United Company and its tributen- Romo splendid returns have boon pany being £83 081 odd The North Old Chum Company excited a great deal of at tention at the beginning of the year but during the last quarter did not sustain their reputation They have paid during the yeal £13 200 in dividends The present year should place the Sandhurst gold Held in a hither position lhau it has yet at tamed to for the sitns of solid prosperity aro many and a large number of com panics aro on the I omt of developing what we may fanly expect, to b« paymt lodes Of Castlemaine there is Iittlo to Bay, aaro that a moderate number of claims have ob tamed fair returns from quart/ and that there is room for a great deal of prospecti ig At Pleasant Creek a grent deal of work has been done durum the jear to open up the lodes at considerable depth and with a fair Bhare of success The results of the work juatifj the confidence felt in the place The Magdala Company bave re .ched a depth of 1021ft whilst the Newington Companys shaft is 1 418ft deep lho lnnco Patrick Corni any s Bhaft is down to a depth of 1 021ft and there is good reason to suppose that tlie lodes will be found to pay when cut Trom Gipps Land and tho distant places about Omeo the mining news has been tolerably satisfactory and it is quite evident that a very larte quantity of remunerative work remains to be done Walhalla has preserved its reputation and even bids lair to do better than of old During the year . the Long Tunnel Company obtained 28 378oz of gold and paid £G3 G00 in divi dends The Walhalla Company got 15 497o/ of gold and paid dividends to the amount of £10 000 A crisis occurred in the eather part of this month in the affairs of the Winter s Ireehold alluvial mine on Ballarat in wl ich a number of Lnglish shareholders are interested An enormous amount of money has been spent in the development of this mine during the past six years and it is now tbought that the great object of the company s search-the main deep lead to the westwaid- has been found but such an immense quantity of water has beon met with that even with the companys tremendous engine it is very diflieult to open into the lead About a fortnight ago-the debt of the company to the bank then standing at some thing like £30 000-the bank stopped further assistance and meetings of the shareholders and directors were held to determine what was to be done in tho emergency Tho re suits of the meetings and of negotiations with the bank were that the shareholders took up a large number of Bhares which had been forfeited for non payment of calls and the bank aureed to let the interest on their debt stand over for one month and provide necesBary firewood during that time to keep the boilers and euginea at work pumping &c; on condition that the company banded over to them all the gold tliey obtained during that period The pros pects of the mine w ere said to be very good and it is Bincercly hoped that they may soon be proved to be so lhe courage and perse veranee of the shareholders in prospecting the mino for so long a time at so great an expense certainly deserves substantial re ward If they should be successful their good fortune will be shared in by many otheis as it will have a most beneficial effect on the distuct A new rush took place during this month to llerlm which several jears ago became famous for its returns of large nuggets The sinking ranged from 25ft to 15ft and the gold obtained was nuggetty being in pieces of from about 5dwt to lo/ or lo/ while some of the nuggets weighed considerably more the lartest known being 3Go" lOdwt Several hundreds of miners are now in occu pation of claims at the rush AGRICUL.URAL The harvest m Victoria is nearly at an end In the latest districts only is the work of in gathering not complete and another week will witness the conclusion of the season s task even there The yields of wheat and oatB have varied greatly all over the colony From the outset good and bad reports have arrived together from the same districts some of the finest and hoariest crops and some of the lightest being found in close proximity This difference is owing chiefly to tho condition and quality of the soil Where land has been worked for a Benes of veais and lins been cropped without inter miESion with cereals the yields have declined belowaprofitablelevel Under such conditions as little as eitht bushels of wheat per acre bus been obt uned whilst from newer and non exhausted 1 inds yields of lr l8 23 2J and 28 bushels are reported In the cooler and Intel districts as at Lancefield some of the wheats iré turi t out J ' "' ° _ ' other wheat crois in the same locality aro giving IG bushels and oat3 35 bushels Some of the travelling threshing machines in the Goul burn district have met with even a greater range of yields 1 he wheats they have threshed have given from 5 to io bushelB per acre Oats are with some few exeeptionB poor but as many crops of the latterdescnp tion have been cut for hay the average yield wdl be somewb it hither than expected oarher in the season Hands for harvest work havo not been so scarce as for two or three jears previous In tho older settled districts much land lus been returned to pasture and in thoao more recently settled by the procesa of selection the area of crop on each farm is frequently not 1 oyond the ability of the fanner and hiB family During lhe last week as will be seen elsewhere the colony of Victoria and a good deal of tern tory over its northern border has suflered greatly from hot winds Hush fires havo no doubt liclj ed to augment the temperature already raised by the prolonged absence of tain tho pi stures aro wholly dried and water 1 ns become scarce upon stations and farms alike lhe most deplorablo accounts have been received of the condition of stock in our north western district Bheop bave been soldat nominal prices to prevent the total loss which must h ive followed their retention in waterless country Many of the small farmers in the newer districts havo loBt their all by bush fires and have to com menee Ufe ntain It is to bo feared that carelessness is a very common cause of thcBO disuBtcrs and that to the habit of smoking in the open air and indifference as to what becomes of the remains of camp fireB they are clnelly due lho long continuance of dry weather has affected tho tobacco crop on the northern border lhe Chinese who grow it on tho Murray have ineffectually reported to irritation but in Gipps I and where a considerable area is being grown the Benson lias been so far favourable The early potato crop has been abundant but the produce now fit for use will not keep until winter anti in the continued absence of rain the late crop is not promising well The health of our live stock is in some respects considerably improved lluke is less pre valent nmongBt the Hocks, but pleuro pneu monia has been îecently taken to one or two districts by store cattle from New South V, ales _ TIIL lABOUlt MARMA The labour market has not yet entirely recovered from tho disturbing lnlluonco of the New .ears holidays In most trades there is a fair demand for workmen but a slack time is expected soon in several branches of industry Harvesting opeiations are nearly over but the men thus thrown out of employment will find work on the new lines of railway Up to the preBont time the demand for labour in the country bas ex ceeded the supply Of young roon for enter ing merchants offices thero is alwaj s alargo eu.ilj lho preliminary arrangements for the establishment of a national labour bureau I ino been couiilotcd and in the courso of a few wcel a time it is anticipated the institii lion vv ill be ni worl mt order 1 he permanent committee has been appointed and offices lave been _ rovided by the Government II e assistance to bo received from the state will bo the use of oflices rent free tlio free use of the telegraph wires and a small grant m aid to assist in tho establishment of tho institution After thooflico is once in vi ork mt ordei it is expected it will prove solf Biippoiliiit lhe great difficulty however is to lind woikinen for tlio placea whoio they aie urgently needed and not situations for competent workmen Hie followmt aie the rates of wages paul - Domestic Servants - ror Town-House niaidB £ !0 to i If i er annum fenule cooks recen e from £10 to 100 per annum male do 30s to 80a i er week nursemai Is £30 to £1j reranmim laundresses £30to£t0peranntim oi Hotels-Cooks male and female £50 to £10-1 cr annum housemaids £i5to£10oerdo 1 oi Stutions-1 irst class married couples for homo stations £i 0 to £J0 poi annum second eliiBS do with clnldicn £40 to £_0 per do cooks £4- to £J5 per do housemaids £ 15 to £10 jei do 1 or 1 arms-Men cooke £r0 per annum mumed cowies £G0 to £70 pei do I women sen auls £30 to £ )J per do fiirmint men _0s per week milkmen 18a to 20« 1er do llouthinen -0a to2ri per do ?\\\ niters for hotels 2 s to IDs per week i groceis nf-iBt tuts 10s to 30s do general store do 20s to 10s do drapers assistants 30s to 40s do nuiscry tovcnicsBOS £ 10 to £40 peí minn n fiiiishina do £00 to £8J do Station ninidB -Stockmen receive from £G0 to £7r pei annum shepherds lrs to 20s per week ordmaiy woiking mon 20s per do drovers 25B to 40e per do gaidencrs Ifp. In20a ter do and other tradeamen aie without rations unless where specially mentioned - Building Trades -Stonemasons 11s per day, plaBterers bncklayirs slaters 10s lier do , carpenters 10a per do labourers 7s per do pick and shovel men bs per do Tlie day s woik is eight hours Bootmakers-Machinists are scarce but the other branches of the trade are well supplied Tor rivettmg ihüdrens boots the rate is Gd ¡cr pair boys 10d women8 Is and men s Is 3d The same rates ara -;id for GniBliing In some of the best order shops the i iles paid are -Wellingtons 10s elastics 7s fid c'osmg 5s Good hands for ladies boots arc Bcarce Bakers - 1 irst cla«s workmen (for. men) average £3 per reck second bands £2 to £2 2a In infciio>- shops the rates are slightly lower Butchers -Shopmen receive from S"s to 40s per week boys 15a to 20s per week slaughtermen reietve from 40s to 50B per week, small goods men (noik butchers) re ceiv e 30s to 40a per wiek with rations, superior men receive more Brassi"mahers and Coppersmiths -In the entine fitting shops there is a fair supply of woikmeu, the wages are from 11s to 12s per day The same rates aro paid in the fine brassfuushing shops but the supply of work men is very limited and good tiadesmen are much wanted Cabinetmakers -The earnings of the men employed in this trade are very variable In some of the best shops m Melbourne the wages paid are as high as £4 per week while in înierior establishments the men receive from £2 to £3 per week In the country tho wages paid are still lese Coopera -MoBt of the work m this trade is done by the pieie, the wages fixed by the trade are 10s per day of 10 hours Tallow casks arc made at 5s Cd for thirds and 4s 3d for fourths which latter are now most made Coachbuildeis -Smiths receive from £210s to £3 10s pel w eek A few hands earn as high as £4 per w eek Bodymakers-Most of this nork is done by the piece Tho average earnings of good hands are from £210s to as nigh aa £4 per weelo Wheelers-Most of (his work is done by the piece, the wages made are from £2 10s to £310s por week Painters receive from 9s to 12s per day Trimmers eani from £3 to £3 10s per week, and wee men from £2 to £210s per week Clothing Tactones -Where tue work is done on the premises the wages earned are as follow -Tailoresses, from £1 to £1 15s per week , pressers £2 to £2 15s and upwards Trom 12s to £1 is earned at Bbirtmaking in factory hours, but the greater portion is taken home Clothing machinists earn irom 15s to 30s per week in factory hours from 9 lill G Tamers -Tirst class firemen get £2 15s per week, door men receive £2 5s per do inferior workmen receiv e from £1 10s to £2 per week Tarrieis for tho country receive from 20s to 30s per week with their board and lodging Grooms in livery stables get from 30s to 40s per week, coachmen receive from 40s to 60s per do Gardeners -The best men for situations near town get from 3Gs to 42s per week without rations, for situations in the country 20s to 26s per week with rations , inferior haudB receive about 15s per week, with ra- tions Hatters -Bodymakers receive 20s per dozen finishers 24s per dozen, simpers 6s to 12s per dozen, crown sewers 5s per dozen tnmmers 8s per dozen Ironworkers -BoUermakers smiths fit- ters and turners, 10s to 12s per day, labourers from Gs to 7s per do Jewellers -In themanufacturmg jewellers' establishments tho workmen receive from £2 15B to £3 15s Tor the finer work the wages range fiom £5 to £6 per week. Good tradesmen can get full employment Good seal engravers aro scarce, and can earn as high as £G to £8 per week Tirst class jewellers enamellera are much wanted The work is highly paid and not well done rnamellers can make the same wages Hair workers and jewel case makers are also much wanted 1 here is not an opening for a large number of men in these trades, but the sup ply of good tradesmen is short Manufacturing Stationers -Vellum and book binders receive GOs per week Rulers aro paid at the samo rate Lithographic printers are paid at the late of 60s per week. Machine printers receive 70s per do Ma clime and letterpreBs printers receive from 60s to 70s per week Miners - The average rate for miners m the Ballarat district is £2 5s per week, eight hour shifts, breakampn. get o, slightly higher rate of wilges In Bendigo district quartz miners in deep sinking for pit work, got £2 lns ordinary quartz miners get £2 5s per week engineers receive £3 to £3 10s In Bendigo most of the work is done on tribute In Alexandra Maryborough and Dayles ford miners receive £2 10s per week Most of the work in Gipps Land is done by con- tract where wages are paid, the men receive from £2 10s to £3 Navvies- The rate paid the men em- ployed on the Government Railways is 9d er hour Painters and Gla?iers -rair tradesmen re- ceive 9a per day Ibu trade is fully Bup plied Plumbers and gasfitters receive £3 per week of eicht hours per dav Pnnters le -The rate paid in this trade is la per 1 000 In manufacturing stationers establishments lithographers are paid £210a to £3 15s per week binders £2 to £3 per rt eek pai cr rulers £3 to £3 10s per week The demand for labour m these trades is limited and is at present fully supplied StcvedoieB Men i.c-Lumpers' wages are 12B per day at present There ia a good deal of business doing Lngmeera in tug boats and donkey engine drivers receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters - The rate paid in tina trade is 13s per day of eight hours \\\ork irregular Sailors receive £5 per month m sailing Teasel- and £6 per month in steamships Saddleis - 1 he supply of reallygood trades men ia short but second clasa workmen aro plentiful enough The earnings aro about £2 10s per week Hie commoner sorts of worl are not paid for so well and wages vary from 2os to 30S nor week Ihe work in this trade is nine hours ner day Tannera and Curriers -Beamsmen receive 40a to 50a per week shedsmen 49s to 4 is 1 er do tannera 38s to lot I cr do -time 10 boura i cr day Curriers at piecewoik, can carn from 50a to 70s per week Tailors -In first class estai Imhmenla the rate paid is IB per hour In second class shops tho earnings aro from £_ 10a to £3 per week In factories the rates vary the men being of ton paid by the i îece W hero wa_es aro Î aid the rate is 10s i ei week in factory horns Tinsmiths-lina trade is very brisk at present and the meat preserving companies being at work again workmen are in good demand Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £S per week nonworkera £2 10s to £3 per week galvaniscrs can earn £i per week Most of the w oik in this trade is done by the piece "Vi atchmakers -The general rate of wages in tins trade is £4 per week though BOHÍO of the Bul erior workmen get as high as £G RAILWAY Rl TURVb The returns of the traffic on the Govern ment lines of railway for the week ondmg January 1 BIIOW a considerable increase over the returns for the corresponding period of last year in every branch of traffic lins year thoro are 98 miles moro of railway opened than at tho samo time last yoar Iho passenger traffic _,» es a return of LC 402 11s lid as against £0 037 18s id showing an increase of £ il lus 8d in favour of the pre sent year Iho goods traffic gives a return of £10 17) lbs 2d nB against £10110 us 8d fchowing an inireoso of £83b 10a lid over list years returns Iho total returnB for the week amount to £17 382118 Id as against £1G178 3s lid showing an nicreuao on the weeks traffic of £1204 7s 2d ii favour of tho present year Iho agiere ate returns to dato from 1st July amount o £15878 Ils 7d aa against £180071 d lOd showing au mercase on the half jearB traffic of £ !r 801 la 91 Tho weokly verngo for 28 weeks is £18 I2Í Í3 81 as gainst £17 II 10B 4d givin0 a wookly in rcase of £1 2i811s id in favour of the pre Bent year The returns for tho tiaflic on tho Mci bourne and Hobson s Bay 1 ni way foi tho 11 dayB ending Hat Deiombor 1871 comparo \ery well with the lorreapoudine, ponod of the j revious year The total return« amount to £7 5r5 fis id as against £0 r8fl 17B ( I giMiig au nicreaBO of £90S )a !d Iho afrétale returna from Inly 1 amount to £{-3 8 IO 12a Id aa against £78 920 lis 21 giving on incroaso of £4 103 IGa lid Ihe weekly aveinge for the half year ia £3 111 )a lOd aa oboiiist £3 002 12a lid giving a weekly mercase of £188 IGa lid Hie re turi s for tbo two weeks ending January 14 187r alBO compare very favourably with the coneej onding period of last year Hio total îelurnB amount to £ 11771rs Id as a(,unst £ 1 0JG ]rp Id tho return for the correspond n g period of last year showing an niiroaso of £111 in favour of the present year with oi o du)« returns to como in Hie weekly avernee for tho two weeks is £1 WS 17s 7d , as of.aiii8t £4 217 Is. lost year, Bhovvlng a weekly incrensi in favoui ot the present year MUSIC. Since we last wrote there have been some concerts of a lespectable kind. On the 2nd January Mr David Miranda, as sisted by Mrs Miranda (nie Hirst), Mrs Cutter, Herr Siede, Mr C B. Poster, and a number of Mr Mirandas pupils, gave a concert at the Town hall The attendance was not very great, because the pupils adulto-were made to _c_r a conspicuous part in the entertainment Oil t_° yth, Mr Alfred Anderson, from the Royal AcAdcnij of MtiBic, m London, gave a matinee at the Melbourne Athen cum 'I ho place wa3 crowded, because no charge was made for admission He was assisted by Mrs Cutter, Sipnor SuBini Mr John Hill K S RA M and Mr Hart The concert was a good musical performance Mr Anderson is a plajer who at the present time displays n really great skill but to perfect his play ho will have to developo more of syinpathv Madame Anna Bishop re- turned to Melbourne early in tlio month, and on the 12tb, 14th and lGth she gave three concerts at the Melbourne Athen ?cum. This beiug more of a pantomime Beason than one devoted to the culture of high art, the attendance at these entertainments was not so great as Madame Bishop deserved. She possesses her voice m wonderful power and freshness, and pleases all tboso who know how to admire that which is really artistic She is accompanied on this tour by Signor Carmini Morley, a tenor singer of average ability, Mr Charles Lascelles, and Mr. Beau- mont Read The last named gentleman made himself a favourite with the audience as soon aB ho was heard Of mature years, he has an alto voice of sympathetic quality, and hesmgsalsowithintelligence 0_t_el8tli of the month tbe company sang for the Metro pohtanLiedertafelatoneofthoirperiodicalen tertainments given at the Athen.eum. There was a large audience present, and the affair was very successful. On the following day Madame Anna Bishop and her company left for Adelaide. In about three weeks from the present date she will return to Mel- bourne, where she has announced her inten- tion to give her farewell concerts at the Town hall. Mademoiselle Jenny Claus-a young French lady of great talent¡ who during her stay here has won golden opinions from the general audience for her violin playmg-gave two farewell concerts at the Town hall on the 23rd and 25th January The result of the two concerts was highly successful. Mademoiselle Claus was assisted by Mrs Cutter, Mr. Armes Beaumont, Signor Susim, Mr. Alfred Anderson, and Mons J. Rekel The Melbourne Ger- man Liedertafel gave a very successful moon- light entertainment at Hawthorn, on the Yarra, on the night of the 20th inst The Melbourne Philharmonic Society are engaged in rehearsing Bach's " Passion." THE THEATRES At both the Theatre Royal and the Opera house during the month the respective pan tommies have held undisputed sway, so that there is very little to notice as regards theatrical matters in the present summary Both of the pantomimes (which we noticed last month) have proved fairly successful, although neither can be said to have excited any very great amount of enthusiasm. M Blondín, after concluding a very suc- cessful series of performances on his own account in his large enclosure in the Artillery ground, supplemented the pantomime at the Opera house by giving an exhibition of his wonderful tight- rope performances on four occasions As may bo guessed, this addi- tional attraction succeeded in filling the Opera hoiiBe to overflowing, and the per- formance was in every other respect no less successful These performances of M Blon- dín, it should be stated, however, were not the result of any business arrangements, but were a generous voluntary return by him for the courtesy and kindness he had met with during his stay m Melbourne from Mr W S LjBter, the director of the Opera house. At the farewell performance, Mr. Lyster mado M Blondín a present of a handsome dia- mond ring as a souvenir of his perform- ances at the Opera house M. Blondín left for Adelaide on January 20 Before quitting Melbourne he waited on the mayor at the Town hall, where Mr. W. S. Lyster and a few other gentlemen wero present The health and safe return of M Blondín were proposed by tho mayor and drunk heartily, and Mr. LjBter presented M Niaud and Mr Lyons, M Blondin's secretary and agent re- spectively, with a handsome diamond ring each. M. Blondín expects that ha will be able to pay another visit to Melbourne on his return from Europe in about 12 months At St- George's Dall, the Fakir of Oolu, otherwise Dr. Sylvester, has been drawing arge audiences during the month by his numerous clever illusions The Princess's Theatre bos been occupied during the last four weeks by the Asiatic Circus, a mixed company of equestrians and Japanese jugglers, who have been doing a fair business. Mr. and Mrs Williamson, who gained such a decided popularity among Melbourne playgoers while at the Theatre Royal, havo been since playing with great success in the country, and are now drawiug large houses at Sandhurst. RACING. The annual Midsummer Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was held on New Year's Day, but, unfortunately, the weather proved very unfavourable, lhere was, however, a very fair attendance on the ground, there being a large number of ladies in the stand enclosure. The racing was very good The Hurdle Race, for winch 11 started, was won by Doubtful. Welshman second Flambeau w ho was well m front and who looked like the winner, fell over the last hurdle and broke his neck The jockey had a sei ore fall, but was not seriously injured The Three j ear old Handicap was wou by Sean Mag, bs Talk o' the Hill, easily, beating six others, Maid of Hawthorn being second lho 1 wo sear old Stakes waa won by C_nter. bury by Marquis, Maid of All Work second, and'Iroy third 'Hie Midsummer Handicap brought forth a do/on starters The race was well contested, and the winning horse was found in Vi ollomoi, by Ace of Clubi, Lurline being second Newbold third The Steeple chase waB won by Ararat, with Momalong nett 1 he Canterbury fatakesvvascarned off by Lapidist who beat Dagworth and Stockbridge lhe last race, the £100 Plate, was won by Cj clops, Atalantasecond, and Valentine third 1 ho New 'i ear meeting at the Kensington park racecourse was held on Saturday after noon '1 he grand stand encloBure was well attended lhe Hurdle Race was won by Shdkspcare, beating foui others Mizpah won the Maiden Plate, foi which four horses started Polidon won tho Imperial Stakes in tood stjlo, bealing six othora lho han- dlea)) for two and three sear olds was won bj Improver Polidon was second The racing concluded with tho Fljing Handicap, for which 10 horses started , Mind of Hawthorn led from start to finish, Brownlock was second, arid Poodle third lho Albury race meetint took place on the l'Uh and 20th lusts lho heat was extreme and com plctely spoiled the meeting On the first day Snowden won tho Albury Cup, be- tiuc five others Victoria won tho Grand Stand Stakes, healing eight otheis among them Slockbridte On the second day Cisiio won the Albury Handicap After Dark was second, and Snowden third Sovon others started lhe Ladies' Purso was carried off by Huntsman Cassio was second Four o thors started '1 he annual sale of tho thoroughbred year lints from the Woodstock stud was held at 1 lemington on the ith mst The prices realised were not very encouraging Tile av erato of 10 eolts and fillioa mostly bv Tom King was 7-_ guineas 1 ighteen indifferent brood mares"trom this stud wero disposed of at low fiturcB to make room for recent im portations from Lntland. OUT DOOR AMUSLMI NTS lhe intercolonial cricket match with Now South Wales was concluded at the Mel bourno tround on the day after the publica turn of our last summary, and resulted, as wo then anticipated fiom tho stato of tho tame, in au easy victory for tho Now South Vi ales team, who won by six wickots The news of the victory, as might bo expected, aftei so long a series of defeats, was received with treat enthusiasm in Now South Wales and the successful team were groatly lionisod on their return to Sydney. Tho return mutch will bo plajod lit Sydney, on tho 5th dib, and 8th Murch next and it isoxpoctod that a very strong Victorian team will bo do B|utehed for the match lho long cou tiued contest for tho clmllengo eui), bo tween tho DM CG and the SMCC resulted m a situai victory for the South Melbourne oleven, who won by no less than 200 runs Tho successful club had no sooner gamed the cup tuan they wero challented by tho Mclbourno Club, but tho llillitcs succeeded in maintaining their as cemluncy, easily defeating their opponents bj nine wickets Many other woll contested matches have been played during the month, but none of sufficient importance to bo par tlculansed here On tho water thoio has been hardly any event of particular interest to chronielo during lho month, though it tmiBt he by no means lnforicd from this that *! -a 1 -a l,o." n"v HpMmr* in t.bft BUDUQrt received by either yachting or rowing Sove ral pleasant cruises, exploring the many beautiful nooks along the shores of the bay, bato been made, and some tri endly matches have como off both in rowing and yachting 1 herecentlyestabhahea Sunday marineorcur Bions in the bay havo proved very successful, and their popularity is increasing weekly Two rival steamers aro engaged in those tnps, tho Golden Crown, winch uaually gooB to Sorrento via Queonacliff, and tbo Wil lioms, which performs a trip round the bay visits Queenscliff, Dromana, Portsea, and S'u'Hip.T Poipt, Both vessels aro overy Sunday crowded with people of nearly all classes, who aro glud to take advantage of this pleasant means of a day's recreation on the water after the confinement necessitated by the woik during the week. DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS The following are lists of the deaths (ex- clusive of those persons born m tho colony) that havo taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals since our last sum mary, specifying as far aa they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels m which they arrived, and the onuses of death - MELBOURNE HOSPITAL Ah Chee, aged 34 years, native of Canton ; arrived in 1804, ship unknown , died Decem- ber 28, of congestion of the brain from opium poisoning BnddoD, Alfred, aged 40, native of Eng. land , arrived in 1858, by the Eldorado, died January 19th, of disease of the lungs. Cole, Jane aged 32, native of Ireland, arrived m 18G3, by the Champion of the Sens , died January 9, of carcinoma and exhaustion Clouston, James, aged 34 native of Scotland, arrived m 18G8. by the Baroda, died January 8, of abscess of livor. Deslands, Anne J , aged 22, native of Ire- land , arrived in 1807, by the Blue Jacket ; died December 28, of acute rheumatism Dyer, Adolphus, aged 33. native of Ply- mouth , arrived in 1852, by the Atlanta, died January 12, of phthisis Ellard, Frederick, aged 50; particulars unknown, died December 30, of apoplexy. 1'rost, George, aged 05, native of Sussex : anived in 18b9, by the Republican ; died January 13, of cancer, ráliey, Margaret, aged 10, native of Ireland , arrived m 18G9, by the Lady Jocelyn, died January IG, of exhaustion from abscess Fisher, William, aged 50, native of England ¡ arrived in 1854, ship unknown , died January 17, of san- guineous apoplexy. Grange, Thomas, aged 44 native of Man chester, nrnved in 18G2, by the Rodney, died Jonuary 20, of phthisis Hoy, Thomas, aged 3G, native of London , arrived in 1857, by the Margaret Mitchell, died January 19, of spinal disease. Heydeck, Louis, aged 40, native of Prussia, arrived in 18G9, ship unknown, died January 20, of diphtbena and paralysis. Halter, Lionel, aged 35, native of Mauritius, further particulars unknown, died January 27, of poiBomng (suicide). Hayes, Mary, aged 22, horn at sea, arrived in 1855, by the Great Britain, died January 4, of abscess of liver. Hardy, Mary J , aged 35, native of England, arrived in 1870, by the Great Queensland , died January 13, of hepatic and renal degeneration, and conges- tion of the brain. Murray, James, aged 25, native of Ireland ; arrived m 18G4, by the Shallamar ; died De cember 20, of phthisis Marsh, Jane, aged 30, native of London , arrived in 18G7, by the Somersetshire , died January 2, of pleuro, pneumonia Mott, William, aged 39, native of Tssex , arrived m 1804, by the Nimrod , died January 8, of phthisis Mattbewaon, William, aged 59, native of Scotland, arrived in 1854, by the Ameer ; died January 14, of apoplexy. Martin, Joseph, aged 23, native of Kent ; arrived in 1873, by the Kosciusko , died January IG, of ltitis Moss, William aged 55, no particulars , died January 19, of congestion of brain. Millwood, Thomai, aged C9, native of England , arrived in 1830, by the Senator, died January l8, of dis case of the brain and dysentery. Marks, Samuel, aged GO, native of England, ar- med in 185G, ship unknown , died January 2, of sanguineous apoplexy Nolan, Bridget, aged 28, native of Ireland , arrived in 18G4, by the Maryborough, died January l8, of gangrene of the lung Petifer, Mary, native of Surrey, arrived in 1858, by the Conway , died January 1, of albuminuria Partridge, Ellen, aged 74, native of England, died January 1, of san- guineous apoplexy Perron, Clemont A , aged 40, native of Normandy, arrived by the Ludovic et Charles, died January 12, of phthisis Roetel, Carl, native of Prussia , arrived m 18G0, by the Great Britain , died December 31, of cancer. Samfon, George, aged 52, native of Wales ; arrived in 1854 ship unknown, died Decem- ber 27, of cerebral disease Square, Arcbi bald aged 47, native of Scotland , arrived in 1852, by the Wanetta, died December 28, of injuries accidentally received. Shea, James, aged 50, native of England ; arrived in 1857, by the Champion , died January G, of disease of the liver, kidneys, and heart, and general dropsy. Thompson, Louisa, oged 24, native of Ply- mouth , arrived in 18GG, ship unknown : died January, of gastric disease Tinlmg, David, aged 24, native of Ireland ; arrived in 18GS, ship unknown , died January 17, of dysentery Viucon?o Viggiano, aged l8, native of Italy arrived in 187 i by the Great Britain, died January 2, of peritonitis Ward, Bridget, aged 20, native of Ireland ; arm ed in 18G9, ship unknown, died Decein ber 2G, of phthisis ALI 11ED HOSPITAL Bromley, John, aged 32, cook, native of Manchester. arrived in 18(54, by the Ocean Empress, died January 7, of phthisis Brown, Geoige, aged 71, gardener, native of Wiltshire, arnved in 1832, hy the Isabella IV , died January 3, of strangulated femoral hernia. Callaghan, Humphrey, aged 35, miner, native of Ireland, arrived in 1862, by the Blue Jacket, died January 14, of abscesses of lung, Cameron, Ellen, aged 21, native of Scotland , arnved in 1805, by the Ivanhoe , died January G, of suppurating hydatid of omentum riood, Patnck, aged GG cabdnver, native of Ireland , arnved in 1841, by the Goorgo Cunard , died Tanuary 21, of apoplexy Jenkins, John, aged 52, sweep, nativo of Southampton, arrived in lSW, by the Cra sus, diod January 5, of extravasation of mine NOTES FROM THE SEA There is great apparent activity in shipping matters in the port of Melbourne at present. The Sandridge railway pier has no vacant space except a portion where the piles are being renewed, and the ships alongside are some of the finest specimens of marine archi- tecture to bo met with in any port in the world. Most noticeable amongst them is the im- mense new iron clipper steamship St Osyth which has gained the distinction for herself of having made the quickest known passage from England to Melbourne. The St Osyth has been largely visited since her arrival, and there has been quite a rush to secure passages home by her, so much so, that all her saloon space is already taken up. She is in much bitter trim than on her arrival and being now on an even keel and painted up her beautiful lines and the symmetry of her ex- quisite proportions are seen to advantage The new clipper ship Allanshaw, which arrived in Hobson's Bay from Glasgow on January 5, experienced very heavy weather on her voyage. She left Glasgow on Septem- ber 2l and had a succession of hoary gales until October 16, which culminated in a hur ricane. The rigging was loosened by the heavy rolling of the vessel, and when the crew were busy passing hawsers around for the purpose of swiftering it a high sea almost overwhelming in its force, broke over the ship and sent men and hawsers flying, the chief officer and several seamen sustain- ing severe injury, The next day another sea of almost equal violence broke over the vessel and made sad havoc sweeping the two after boats and skids, the 'tween-deck skylights, bridge pole, and standard com- passes, carrying away the stanchions and to| tullant bulwarks, smashing nearly tfie whole of tbo main rail, and alniOBt carrying away a house on deck, in which wero two valuable draught entires A numerous party mot on board tbo steamor St Osyth on tbo afternoon of December 30, to witness a presentation from the saloon passengers to Captain M'Nab The gift waa a handsome chased Bilver inkstand, oncloaod in an oak caBing, and boaring tho folio ving inscription - ' Presented to Richard if Nab, on behalf of tho saloon paaaongera of tho St Oeytb, IA teotiuiu"y of thmr oateem, and in commémoration of tho quickest paasago ovor made from London to Melbourne ' Tho ro upient made a feeling reBpouse, and said ho Mt certain of making the paasago out to Molbourno in less than 45 days. The hoaltha of the offnere and owners of tho ship wore also proposed and duly honoured A very successful surgical operation was performed on board the ship Carlisle Castle during her voyage to this port. One of the salooi passengers lost a conaiderablo quan tity of blood by internal haemorrhage, and consequently became very much weakened It was decided to transfuse the blood of a sheep into his veins This was so successful that by the time the ship arrived here the gentleman had almost entirely recovered, and was enabled to go on shore soon after the vessel anchored. The sea serpent has again made its appearance it having been seen by those on board the ship Carlisle Castle during tho voyage from London to this port. From the statement of those on board it appears that at 6 a.m. on the morning of October 17 when in 45deg north lat and 12deg west lon., the ship steering W by S a large serpent crossed her wake about 30 yards distant. The head and about 6ft of the body were out of the water and were dis- tinctly visible. Tho head is described as like that of an immense snake. Thr length of the reptile could not be distinctly ascertained, but it was considerable. The Pilot Board held an inquiry on Janu ary r into tho circumstances connected with tho grounding of tho P and O Companys steamer niora on the Pope s 1 yo Shoal early on the morning of tho 11th December last Before the grounding Captain Dundas the commander was an exempt pilot of thia board but aftor it his certificate was sus pended until an inquiry took place The result of tho inquiry was the suspension of bis certificate for threo months Captain Dundas questioned the impartiality of the boards decision and stated that lie would apply to the P and O Company to be re moved from the Australian station altogether sooner than pass another examination which the board said would be required before his pilots certificate was renewed The brit Oberlm of Adelaide Anderson master bound from Newcastlo to Adelaide with coals ran ashore on the north east end of Hogan s Island on the morning of January 10 and became a total wreck It having been ascertained that some of the crew were living on the island a boat was sent to look for them Mr David lirmanor the harbour master of Port Albert returned on tho 19th inst and reported that he rescued all the crew who hal been living for several days entirely on seals TI e crew lost everything belonging to them When leavint the island there were no signs of the wreck to be seen lho rn Times of December 12 reports - By the Daphne schooner which arrived in harbour yesterday from the labour grounds with a full complement of passenters we learn that the American brigantine Hallie Jackson, Captain Fuller had been totally wrecked in a hurricane with the loss of one life. The Hallie Jackson had 86 Solomon Islanders on board at the time of the wreck and was bound to this port. A ship s boat bottom up was paaied at sea on the ¿Oth of November by the Dutch barque Regina Mans which has just arrived m Hobson s Bay from the Baltic lho boat was seen in lat 41deg 25sec S and Ion 33dct 47sec L and is described as being varnished not painted A quantity of plank mt helontmg to a ship was also seen m the same locality INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOUTH WALES The general election has been progressing throughout the month and has been the only subject of interest The following have been the results of the elections since the last mail steamer left -Hunter Mr Bums Murrumbidgee Mr Forster Bathurst Mr Suttor, Lachlan Mr Watson Lower Hunter Mr Jacob Camden Messrs Gar rett and Onslow Tumut Mr Hoskins Bogan, Mr Lord East Macquarie Messrs Suttor and Booth Tamworth Mr Bennett the Williams Mr Watson the Murray Mr Hay Gwyder Mr Dangar Central Cum berland Messrs Wearne and Lackey, Wei hngton Mr Smith Northern Gold fields Mr Toster Southern Gold fields Mr Baker The Governors minute on Gardiners re lease is to form the subject of the test debate when Parliament opens and the Ministry is likely to be defeated It is rumoured that Sir J G Long Innes tho Attorney General is to succeed Judgo Gheeko as a judge of the Supreme Court Tenders foi a permanent Californian mail contract are to be called for A special meet ing of the A.S N Company has been called to authorise the directors to tender for it Commodore Goodenough has decided upon sending a man of war to the scene of the massacre of the crew of the James Birnie Mr Webster the chief clerk to the Council of 1 ducation is missing and has been traced to the ship Tweed which sailed from Mel bourne for London He is likely to be brought back The corporation resolved to dismiss one half of their employés the Union Bank hav ing refused to honour their cheques as the overdraft was considered large enough Two hundred men were accordingly d acharged, but subsequently the Government consented to advance a sum of money to relieve the exigencies of tho corporation The Government have received an intima tion that actions have been commenced ia London and America against Messrs Hall De Busho I orbcB and Cunnintham for non fulfilment of the Californian mail con tract The brig Alfred has been wrecked at the Marshall Group but the crew were saved A public meeting bus been held and pre sided over by nis Excellency Sir Hercules 'Robinson for the purpose of raising funds for the relief of the sufferers by the fire at Windsor The drought has been so great in the Macleay district that cattle have been dying for want of feed Two bush carpenters named Mackay and Turner had a drinking bout at Gilgandra run. Mackay, while the other was in bed got a butchers knife and ripped him up causing death. The murderer surrendered himself. The little steamer Norseman 222 days out from London to Rockhampton (Queensland) rut into Sydney for supplies The barque Miranda lias been wrecked at Cape Byron. Professor Smith has been re-elected pre- sident of the Council of Education. The Hon W Hely Hutchinson has been appointed the Governor s private secretary vice De Robeck, resigned A theatrical costume cricket match hasbeen given for the Windsor I ire Relief I und and for the benefit of the widow of the late Mr Con Warde A sum of £115 was netted lhe declared value of the Sydney imports for the last year amounted to £J,2J9 819 and the exports to £1 GG8 131 The last quarter s revenue Bhows an increase of £119 000 and the total increase on the year is £183 000 The 1 lench Government has given in structionB that the New Caledonia mails must m future bo carried under the French flag lho Miniatei of Landa has been enter tamed at dinner by his lute constituents A Bum of £800 has boen subscribed by mer cantile liouBes to start a mercantilo rowing club and the Government have graitcd a very fine site for a club house lhe club has passed a resolution debarnnt members from rowing for monty prizes len lromincnt members of the Anglican communion aro being prosecuted for forcibly entering St luuls Church at \Yeût Mut land which was closed by order of tho Bishop of Newcastle lu the electorates returning single members at U e lato election only l8 800 voted out of ( i 00 i oters on the roll Mr Grahame late member for Monaro has been a\ pointed to the Up. er House last jeais vield of gold amounted to 270 8J to/ lho Joint Stock Bank has declared a divi (lend and bonus of 10\ per cent and the General ABaurtnce Company a dividend of 10 per cent tho Commercial Bank dividend is 22 per tent and the City Bank 8 .or cent so um AUS nur IA The dissolution of Parliament has been gn/ctted and tho writs lavo boen issued MOBt of tho elections will bo held on 1 ebruary 10 and 1 ebruary 22 lho tenoral elections have been the prineipil topic of conversation here since tho last mail left and very recently Mr Blyth the Chief Secretary having tiven up ill hopes of BucceBS at Gumeracha published an address to tho electors of North Adel ttde In this he enunciated the Ministerial policj Ho advocates free secular and compulsory ediicution with optionul reading of the Bible in schools Ile is in favour of pushing foiward railways in all directions conjointly with larger acccsmons to the po] ul ition but ho cannot Bpecify t) o railwnja to be con Blrueted until tho labours of the Railway Commisaion aro over Ho i ropoaea to i erne ly tho imperfections in the Real Pro. erty Act and to consolidate and amend the criminal law and to place the law of primogeniture upon a moro s itisfactory footing no would cheapen and simplify tho Supremo Court i ro ceedmts and reduce the upset price of land to £1 per acre hut cannot wuivo the payment of interest Ho sees no necessity for in creaBing the taxation but should tho necea sity arise recommends stamp succession and legacy duties with an equitablo tax on property and income Objection was talton by the papers to this protrummo as boing too vague On the evening of the 18th inst Mr Blyth addressed the electors of North Ade laide and a vote of confidence was passed in his favour He defended himBolf from tho chargeB of voguencBB ni his written address He spoke at length on the subject of educa tion, and admitted the necessity of giving as good a training aa in Victoria America and I Scotland He advocated the readme nf ft Bible in schools but without comnuWnn Í the children to attend tho classes H, « n favour of au extension of tho rail» syste-? "»«'«ding a hno to the Murra so as to -t"ßn »P communication w,th t( other colonies ,e wa8 '" favour ( immigration and v> * consolidation an amendment of the Real » roperty and Ir testacy I aws Ho defended ti " action c the Government in relation to tho Circuí Court at I almerston and mentioned tua the cost was only £T00 ne strongly sun ported intercolonial free trade which wasi question which must be dealt with early nex session hut he admitted that the Govern ment had made a mistake in including manu factures in the last bill Ho expressed him self as against payment of members and saic that if taxation was found to benecesaan they should imposo legacy and succession duties The Germans have issued a political plat form for the ensuing elections. It includes a liberal land law upholding the Real Property Act, compulsory education with liberty to read the Bible in schools, payment of mern- hers and assisted immigration. lhe Marine Board has decided that the grounding of the ship Cornuvia in Novem bcr last was owing to the conduct of Captain Morrell and his certificate has been sus Eended for six months A meeting hassinc. een held at the Port and resolutions were earned expressing sympathy with Captain Morrell on the alleged arbitrary proceeding» of the Manne Board Tifty captains agents and merchants signed the protest Subae quently the Government laid au information atainst Captain Morrell for not giving up his certificate, but it was withdrawn upon its being found that the Governor had not con firmed the decision of the court of inquiry Mr A B Cooper deputy survoyor general died on board the Carlisle Castle on hec voyage to Melbourne He was nephew to Sir Charles Cooper, lato Chief Tuatice of SoutU Australia Upon the arrival of the Royal Mail steamer Pera the Hon V W Cairns governor of Queensland tho Hon 1 A Weld governor of Tasmania and Sir fl llham I Stawell acting tovemor of Victoria landed in tho captains gig but there was no one from Government house to receive thom After wandering about Glenelg for some time thej returned to the mail steamer and very shortly afterwards the Pera left the anchor age It was then found that seven of tho passengers had been left behind lho newspapers condemn the discourtesy ahotvn to the Governors on landing at Glenelg The pnvato secretary has written to the Itegtstcr stating that the Governor had made arrangements for tho courteous reception of the three Governors but through an error they were taken to the Government cottage at Glenelg instead of to the Covemmeut House in Adelaide Ur on their return from tho cottage they found the tram gone and missed the chance of going to Adelaide lhe question however is still unsolved aud hu been the cause of much comment as to why the aide de camp did not receive the Governors at Glenelg and escort them to Adelaide Mr Wigley the mayor of Glenelg has written to the Chief Secretary offering to receive distinguished visitors until the arrival of the proper officials His letter was simply acknowledged It IB openly stated that the Minister of Justice does not intend to seek re election on account of private business matters Six months notice has been given to a number of the pastoral lessees to the north of Mr Goyder s rainfall line for the resump tion of 844 square miles of country for agn cultural purposes Tho insurance companies havo to pay £1 200 in consequence of the stranding of the Cornuvia being J per cent on the value of the cargo lhe Oovernmentaro contemplating making arrangements for affording greater facilities at Glenelg when the mail boats call Mora steamers are to be forwarded and the pas Benger charges are to he restricted lhe auditor general s return shows that the exi endituro last year amounted to £1 050 000 and the revenue was £1 004 000 lhe proprietors of the various mdustneg are agitating against the operation of (lit Health Act wbieh is repressing industries. The revenue for the last quarter amounted to £238 000 making £1 003 000 for tho year Fitht and sixpence per day is offered for railway labourers and they cannot be ob- tained at the price A coursing club has been established De in Russell lias been admitted as an honorary member of the Order of 1 oresters At ti e annual meeting of the Ancient Order of Oddfellows laws were passed assimilating the society to the Grand United Order of Via tona and New South V> ales lhe ship Palmas from Newport reports havint seen on November2G a 1 200 ton iron ship on fire 1 he Palmas hoi e to juat after» whaling barquo had rescued tho crew Ile name of the ship waa not ascertained The Conquest from Boston saw on Odo! er 21 a large American brigantme burning I he era» were saved by another craft, lhe name of his vessel was also not obtained lhe waste lands receipts for 1874 amount o £247 435 lho Intercolonial Fxhibition Commis Bioners naked the Gov eminent for a grant of £ 1 00O and the Government have promised o feive £2 500 NrW ZLALAND Chief Justice Arney Mr Tustico Greason and Mr JuBtice Chapman all retire early in the year Mr T B Gillies has acceptodone of the vacant seats on the bench It ia not known who will get the other Mr I render tost takes the chief justiceship A judge ship 1 us been offered Mr Geo lligmbothan) of \ jetona but it is not thought likely that he will accept it The Auckland whaler James Arnold re ports boarding a water logged ship on Otk December m lat 25deg N Ion 30 Vf She was a ship of 998 tons register laden witt« yellow pine It was impossible to decipher her name The crew had abandoned the vessel AU the boats wero missing The Marquis of Normanby distributed the annual prices amongst the scholars at the V. ellington College making a suitable »na kindly speech upon the occasion lhe death is announced of Sir Osborne GibbeB Bart In early life Sir Osborne served in the army and on his retirement from the service he settled m the West Indies ultimately making his final 1 onie i» New Zealand He served for some time i« the Legislative Council and died in his (lit year At Auckland on the 17th December Cecil« Allen the girl charged with arson attempts to break out of the gaol She bad got possession of a hammer with wliicn «a« picked away at the wall of her cell until» largo portion of it waa knocked down wnea she was discovered " ... At the Supreme Court Invercargill '<*» Brennan who pleaded guilty to a charge of murderously assaulting a girl narara Mary Hall was sentenced to penal senil»« Sul BcnptioiiB are 1 eing collected at Du« din in aid of a testimonial to the Ron " II Reynolds CommiBsioner of Customs wno hnB represented the eily of Dunedin tu««« niteimission for the last 20 yearB A salmon trout weighing 71b baa wen caught in Dunidin Harbour 1 ho Obinemuri difficulty is loo! ed op« as praitieally settled nothing now remain'0! to be done but to go through tlioneccB"J le_al foinuihlies between the contraen« '"oi'eVindred and fifty thousand arre««] the 1 íeldmg block land cut up into town ana country sections wim put up to nuç1 on» Dei em ber 22 and about ¿IO 000 worth oin sold 'lhere was keen competition iori» town sections and tremendous prices wj realised 3 or the niral land there vvw * demand but all tile superior and most I««» ppois were run up by speculators and'»j landowners in the neighbourhood Kc« > f nother k1 COO worth waa taken up at tie»P f-et pneo ihiclly by moneyed men »<-aual»'J with the district The lund was ora,"« purelnBed by tbo 1 icldwg Corporator bout 14s poi nero and the sale yeste'W veraged over 12 or £ i por acre so ne on unrter ucre town sectiona realising i Í ¡0 to £r0 About a thousand people areno» ocated in the district _« A co operative meat Bupply company been successfully tloatcd at Am kiana The Government will probably «suv deportation of the murdorer Sullivan.ton Zealand on the ground that he wa» not i« to victoria and did not como last from' C°iTey Native Minister after »»<*««£_, tion buB sucieeded in securing "'»"" ,_, of thoUpjer 1 liâmes chiefs to opening lands for gold mining in a for mfctit en 1 here will probably bo a rush there lim» doubtful if alluvial gold wi 1 be fmi a _ 'Hie National Bank and the U"'^_"t0( of AuBtrnlia have announced tho I'W ' . (" interest of 5 per cont on deposi!«II « 30 days There is a to» At amoni-Bt the banks which ia cliieiiy " tbo cfforlB of the National to get lno 0¡ trolling mlluenco over a largo »" colonial business -.."ME Sehe»1 Tho Government Nival 'Irammt! has been commonced at Aucklnna . ," Newton a Maori has been sentenced to death for murdering a native girl by breaking her neck across his knee. Jealousy was the cause of the deed. 'Hie Hon S D Hastings a «»T! Vi of the Good 'I emplar order?w. ti"' w States, delegated to viBit colonial wv». is visiting New Zealand lodges, and proceeds to Australia shortly. A fire at the store of Messrs. Mearce, at Hawkes Bay, caused losses amounting to £2,000. The ball to the Marquis of Normanby, in Wellington, was most successful ; 400 persons were present. The Marquis said that he knew no colony that held out greater promise of permanently happy results, and spoke with especial pleasure of the English appearance of the country. The annual excursion of the Hero, for the benefit of the Auckland charities, was a great success. The Swedish barque Condoren, which ar rived on the last day of September, dismasted, on the voyage from Sydney to San Francisco, completed her repairs and proceeded on her voyage on the 7th. Captain Niglick has written to the press, expressing surprise at the facilities of Auckland for executing such extensive repairs, and expresses great satis- faction with the character of the masts fitted and with the work generally. A requisition is being numerously signed, asking Sir George Grey to stand for election to the General Assembly, and he will pro- bably accept the invitation. The National Bank of New Zealand an- nounces an interim dividend of 6 per cent. The Customs revenue for the year shows a large increase at all ports of the colony. Mining and share speculation is dull, and native matters quiet. The war steamer Rosario left on the 4th, for delivery to the Adelaide Government. Madame Arabella Goddard left by the Cyphrenes, for San Francisco. TASMANIA. Mr. F. A. Weld, the new Governor of Tas- mania, arrived at Government House on the 12th inst., and made his public entry into the city next day. The City Council received him nt the city boundary. A procession to the Supreme Court buildings was formed, and upon arrival the oaths of office were admin- istered by the Chief Justice. The mayor and aldermen then presented an address of wel- come, to which His Excellency replied, refer ring to his colonial experience both as a working bush settler and as a politician. Mr. Weld has created a favourable impres- sion. A serious railway accident occurred on the main line by a ballast train running off the line, and the break failing to effect a stop- page. Several persons were seriously in- jured, and one it is believed fatally. Of £25,000 worth of Government five per cent, debentures at short dates, £21,000 havo been taken up at par to 10s. premium, and ¿enders for £13,000 under par were received. The recently-erected furnace of the Mount Bischoff Company has been started ; 1,500 pounds of tin were obtained from a ton and quarter of ore. The tin is of very fine quality. The postage receipts have amounted to £1,500 in excess of those of 1870, when the .rates were reduced one-half. At the sittings of the Criminal Court, three young men were sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment for rioting on Christ- mas-eve. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. A complimentary address was presented to Governor Weld at Perth, prior to his depar- ture for Tasmania. The Forrests and their exploring party were enthusiastically received at Albany, Fremantle, and Perth. The first post of the line of telegraph con- necting with Adelaide waa fixed on New 'Year's Day. Mr, Taylor has been out exploring from 'Champion Bay, and thence to the head . of the Murchison. He reports the country to be equal to tho very best in Victoria. The brig Centaur, of Melbourne, has been totally wrecked on Little Island Reef, 15 miles from Fremantle. The crew wero saved, and the wreck and cargo have been 'Bold. THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. A Palmerston report from Pine Creek states that 74 tons of stone yielded 609oz. of gold, and at the Union Prospectors' 70 tons yielded 250oz. The Palmerston Government Resident is favourably impressed with Port Essington for pastoral occupation and sugar-growing. There is a small settlement there. Dr. Moore, of the Fishery Company, has been engaged by the Government till the ar rival of the Gothenburg. Mr. Lautour is returning to Queensland overland. He proposes that the Government surveyor should accompany him to define the route. A pearling schooner from Camden Harbour has reported finding the remains of Barbury. The bones were charred and gnawed, as though the flesh had been eaten by natives. Commander Ross has burned the wreck of the Enchantress for the sake of the copper. QUEENSLAND. The immigrant ship Gauntlet, from Lon- don, arrived dismasted. In the inquiry respecting the loss of the Miranda, the Marine Board considered that Captain Lakie displayed a want of caution. FIJI. The latest dates from Fiji are to the 30th December. There is no news of any import, ance. A correspondent of the Fiji Times, writing from Yasawas on December 9, gives an account of three distinct shocks of earth, quake, lasting about two minutes, and of a large waterspout. Further north than Yasawas the earthquake shocks were stronger - sufficiently strong to throw crockery from the table to the ground. A few miles out at sea, to the eastward the earthquake was not felt at all. The waterspout appeared in the morning, ahout 8 o'clock, about a mile and a half or less from shore. The lower portion rising from the sea took the form of a double cylinder about 12ft. high-the inner circle about 6ft. in diameter and colourless, or of the lightest shade of blue-the outer, a foot less in height, and wider by one or two feet, was of a decided blue colour. The inner circle continued compact and ontiro to the time of bursting. The Fiji Times of tho 26th December, writing upon the interest shown by the Australian colonies in the annexation of Fiji, says :-"The idea of an expensive govern- ment is shadowed forth in Lord Carnarvon's despatches ; but we have had enough of use- less toys for the last year or two. It would be doubtless pleasing to Mr. Parkes to make Fiji a sort of asylum for his own worn-out Government hacks, and turn them out to grass to fatten at the expense of our local taxation, or contributions from other colonies. But this we do not want ; we seek only the co-operation of merchants to render Fiji in every way self-supporting ; and inasmuch as there is no antagonism at pre- sent between the whites and natives, a frugal and inexpensive government is what we seek. As our commerce increases-as one island after another will be cultivated and opened up-we shall rise in colonial im- portance ; and by carefully feeling our way at tho onset, wo shall acquire stability, and lender tho gloomy prospects that seem to forehadow tho future to some of our neigh- bours, far lemoved from our own group," A VISIT TO NORFOLK ISLAND. (BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) On the occasion of Sir Hercules Robinson's recent visit to Fiji in H.M.S. Pearl, he called at Norfolk Island to transact some official business. H.M.S. Dido on her way up to Sydney with Cakobau also made a brief stay at the island, and it was then that I had an opportunity of seeing the two settlements there-that of the Pitcairn Islanders and the Melanesian Mission. It may fairly be presumed that the ro- mantic history of the descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty is familiar to the public, but it will possibly not be wearisome to reproduce the leading facts in a brief form. The Bounty was a ship of war commis- sioned to convey bread-fruit trees from Tahiti to the West Indies. Her captain, William Bligh, though a skilful seaman and a brave man, was an unendurable tyrant. On the 28th April, 1789, when the vessel was a few days' sail from Tahiti on her way to the West Indies, he crew mutinied, cap- tured the ship, and sent the captain and 38, others, who refused to join in the mutiny, adrift ¡n an opon boat with pro- visions enough to last only a few days. The castaways first touched at Tofos, one of The Friendly Islands, but were driven on. They then set sail to the north coast of Australia, which they reached after unheard of suffering, and gained slight refreshment during a brief stay on that inhospitable shore, The adventurous party next started for the Dutch settlement of Timor, where they finally arrived in June of the same year, after accomplishing a voyage of 3,600 miles in an open boat, during the prosecution of which they were compelled to live for the greater part of the time on less than half a biscuit a day each. No man died during this remark- able voyage though all were reduced to skeletons, but most of the party succumbed before reaching England. Captain Bligh lived to receive his promotion, and some years later he was made Governor of New South Wales-a position from which he was ignominiously expelled by colonists who arrested him and sent him home in a ship 'W lien the mutineers c tared the Bounty they returned to Tab drawn by the spell of the nymphs sodu ments and the magic bowor Some of til remained there and wero afterwards a veyed to longland by a ship of war Bent quest of thom All wore tried and sove were oxecuted but a few woro ablo to ah that they wero compelled into seeming io pbance with the mutineers whilo they h no symi athy with the crime and these w< acquitted 'iho remainder of the party af a brief stay at Tahiti procured native wiv and accompanied also by some Tahiti men set sail for Pitcairn a small island lat 2odcg S Ion 130deg W -quite out tbo track of vessels Hero thoy setth having burned the Bounty to lessen t cbances of discovery 1 or 20 years no wo was heard of the fate of 1 letcher Christia the cbief officer of the Bounty who was t rineleaderof the mutineers and bia associati After the lapse of that time a trading ves! called by chance at Pitcairn Island, A b came off in a Btrango half savage costurr and to the great astonishment of the visite addressed them m excellent Fnglish 1 told them that his name was Thursd October Christian son of Tletcber Christia of the Bounty and by and by the whe story of the escaped mutineers was givo It then appeared that those who reach. Pitcairn had killed the male Talutians whom they were accompanied m self def ent that they had then murdered each oth until only two or three were left to die natural death and the sole surviving mu neer was John Adams a patriarchal cha- racter who had trained up the young com- inunity in a knowledge of religion and morality. Eventually the descendants of the mutineers outgrew the little island of Pitcairn, and they migrated to Tahiti, but not liking the licentious ways of the Tahitians, they returned to Pitcairn. In 1856 Norfolk Island which had then ceased to be a penal settl ment was placed at their disposal In Jui of that year 194 persons landed from Pitean Island with 2 000 sheep and 300 horses pig poultry Le Threo families however ni liking their new home returned after a wbi to Pitcairn The community in Pitcairn no numbera 70 souls and on Norfolk Man 340 The grandson of John Adams a fin looking man is one of the leudéis of ti community at Norfolk Islaud and there is granddaughter of 1 letcher Christian ah living there The moBt striking character in the settl ment at Norfolk Island is the Rev Gf I Nobbs the chaplain of the settlement, no a very old gentleman who joined th mutineer descendants at Pitcairn in the yeo 1S28 The life of this man ia as wild a romane as that of any of the heroes of Captain Marryat He is the unacknowledged son of the Mai quia of- his mother being the daughtt of an Irish baronet In 1811 be entored th Royal Navy and visited among other place New South Wales and Van Diemen a Lane calling at St Helena on tho way home jue after the arrival of Bonaparte at tha island Having left the British navy m 1811 he joined a ship of l8 guns designed for th use of the patriots in South America. Aftc a 10 montliB cruise dunng which he ha many adventures he waa captured by i Spanish guarda costa while va. charco of: pnze and earned into Callao Hero he wa impnsoned and for many weary month walked the streets with 501b weight of iroi attached to him while living on a spare die of beans and Chili peppers Ho eventual!; escaped in a Yankee vessel and rejoined hi ship After a long cruise off Manilla he se out for Africa with 35 others in an opei launch to attempt the cutting out of a larg! merchant ship from Cadiz named Li Minerva. So desperate did the undertaking appear that the landlord of the house when N obbs boarded and to whom he owed a cou siderable sum offered to board him for su months gratis if bo abandoned the enterprise Ihe vessel was nevertheless captured am Nobbs a share of the prize money waa 2 O0( dollars balfof whichhosenttohia mother Ir February 1819 he took tho situation of prize master on board a 40 gun ship under Bueno! Ayrean colours commanded by a 1 renchman After captunng some valuable prizes he de serted at Tambey where he nearly lost hu life from hardships encountered in th( woods while attempting to discover a road ti Guayaquil Getting on board an Englisl packet he was landed at Talcahuans ir April 1820 OnMaythe7th at midnight Tal caimana was attacked by Benevedes and hu Indian troops The Chilian garrison wert put to the sword a number of the mhabi tants wore killed and our hero was carried off a prisoner The next morning troopt from Concepción recaptured the prisoners On the 5th November 1820 Mr Nobbs took a part in the cutting out of the Spanish frigate Esmeraldas from under Callao bat- tenes one of the famous achievements of Lord Cochrane. Having received a letter of commondation from Lord Cochrane te General Cruy the governor of Valparaiso for bia conduct in the Lameraldaa affair lie was made lieutenant in a Chilian sloop ol war In September 21 bo commanded two launches from bis ship which cut out and captured at the island of St Mary an armed bng after a severe conflict Shortly after this he was ordered up a river near the town of Anea to recovor British and American property w hich had been seized by Benevedes When the launch had got a considerable dis tance up the river a detachment of cavalry concealed on the banks suddenly opened fire on it In a Bhort time 48 out of G4 occupants of the boat were killed or wounded and the boat was captured in spite of a desperate re siBtance Nobbs on this occasion received a blow on the back of his neck from tho butt end of a musket and ho has suffered severely at timeB from the effects of that blow over Bince The dead and badly wounded were thrown into the river T ho remainder were landed and stripped of their clotlung and a rag of some sort or other given in exchange and all were marched off to prison Pvery Chilian oi the party was shot and Nobbs and throe Europeans were exchanged for four of Benevedes officers after much en treaty on his part one of them-a major being his wife s brother Soon after this Nobbs went to Valparaiso aud found a letter from his mother urging bim to return home Ho consequently quitted the Chilian navy and went homo in a passenger vessel His mother died soon after and on her death bed exacted from him a solemn promise that ho would never accept of any favour at the 1 ands of his father s family nor appropriate to hiB use a sum of money invested in the I ubbc funds for his supi ort since 180 i His mother was anxious that he shoul 1 quit 1 ngland and take up bia abodo in some dis tant part of the world where her wrongaand I is might bo buried m obliviou Ho mon tioned Pitcairn Island to her aud as much of its history as had come to Ins knowledgo Almost her laat words wero Go to Pitcairn Island my son, dwell there and may tho blessing of God rest upon y ou In October 1S">'> Nohbiwas Bent to Naples On Ina posaage from that city to McBBina, in a Neapolitan veasel Bho foundered and those on board loat every thing escaping only with their livos in the boats In October of the following year he went to Sierra Leono as chief mate of a ship calle 1 tho Gambia, Of 11 persons who wont out in that alni) tho captain Nobbs and two coloured men only lived to return In June 18"1 Nobbs went to Sierra Leono in command of the same Bhip and waa sit weeks on shore sick with the fover On re turning to 1 ngland ho resignod his command and collected what llttlo jiroporty he had resolving to leave longland for ever and to settle in I itcairn Island Ho roachod Calcutta in May W6 and got to Callao by way of Now iork Singapore Rio and \alporaiBO Ho long Bought in vam for a passage to Pitcairn but finally at C illao he met the owner of a launch an invali 1 who on the condition of Mr Nobbs fitting her out agreed to accompany him to Pitcairn These two left Callao by thomBolves on a voyogo of 3 r00 miles which thoy accom phsbed in 42 days landing on the 28th of Octobor 18°8 Hie owner of tho launch diod Boon after reaching Pitcairn an 1 Air Nobbs broko up the boat and built bia house out of her Mr Nobbs was cordially receivod by thepatnarch John Adams and the natives generally Ho married, and at once under took the moral and religious instruction of the community In August 18ro Almiral lairfax Moresby visited Pitcairn Ialand in H M S Portland Ho was much Btruck with Mr Nobbs and bia suitability to tbo position ho occupied Ho procured bim and one of his daughters a pasaago to longland where he was ordained a Enest by tbo Bishop of London Having een presonted to the Queen and many im portant porsonages Mr Nobbs returned to Pitcairn Island as chaplain of tho commu nity He accompanied the islanders in thoir migration to Tahiti nnd subseqnontly to Norfolk Island He is now at tho ago of 71 hale and hearty Ho is surrounded by a large family and thoir descendants and he says ho is thoroughly content to ond his days in his present dwelling without ever again leaving the street in which ho roaides Hie origin of the Pitcairn Mandora ia singularly romantic but not moro so than the caroer of their chaplain Norfolk Island is fivo miles in length with a medium breadth of two and a, half milos Tho highest point is Mount Pitt, which nsw 1 OCOft above the sea lovel The sea-front is I high and precipitous, presenting cliffs over 200ft m height The landing is very dan- gerous, owing to a reof of rocks on which the surf heats heavily The day we landed the sea was calm, but a roller, nevertheloas half filled tho boat and n<-arly capsized her The land is divided into plots of 50 acres, and each adult malo is allowed a sec tion, drawn for by lot Tho island though not of extraordinary fertility, is ex ceedmgly beautiful The country is undu lating, and it is covered from end toeud|with a beautiful rngheh looking turf, on which one occasionally meots tropical ferns and tho luxurious vegetation of the torrid zone The land is very lightly timbered and park hko lhe Norfolk Island pine is always a distmc ti ve feature in the landscape 1 hese grace ful trees rear their straight stems to a great height Sometimes, they are together in magnificent avenues and sometimes thoy are scattered about tho hills and grassy slopes The scrub, which has a trim look, as though it belonged to a well kept garden, is cluetly composed of lemon trees, which grow luxu- riantly, hanging out the ripening fruit in tempting clusters The white mulberry is indigenous, and the culture of silkworms might with advantage bo added to the local industries Rmmg over the hills and through the valleys, one is constantly passing sleek cattle which browse at will, and very often the ruins of stone cottages formerly occu pied by officials in tho days of the penal settlement Occasionally a pretty little wooden cottogo is met with in the bush, from which the owner, surrounded by his numerous family, emerges with offers of milk, and tells the story of tho part his particular ancestor played in the mutiny One of those we thus met was tho arandson of Young, tho midshipman We took him to be 40 years of age but he told ua he was 08, remarking that there was nothing to ago a man in the simple, toitleBS, uneventful life of the Pitcairnera lho settlement of the Pitcairn Islanders is m Sydney Bay Many of the cottages are substantial structures, formerly used by the officers of the luto penal establishment, and as seen in the distance, through clumps of pine, they look very pretty The old prisons, vv hich w ere strongly built of stone, aro rapidly crumbling to pieces, like the greater part of the unused buildmts lho commissariat is, however, used as a church The roads mado by the convicts are still in a good state of preservation, there being very little traffic on them Among the most dismal reminiscences of tho old time of horror are the walls of the great gaol, with crossed manacles and chains as a device, done m stone , the cemetery, the headstones in which bear record of numerous executions for mutiny, and Nepean Island, a barren spot lying two miles from the shore, marked by a single tree, which having been blasted by lightning and tempest, gives it an inexpressibly bleak and miser- able aspect 'luis íBlet is said to have been the scene of many executions The only remnant of the Bounty loft is one of her guns, recovered from the place where she was sunk at Pitcairn, and which lies crumbling to pieces on tho jetty in Sydney Bay Remarkable changes havo taken place in the armaments of war vessels since this gun was in the service of the Crown. It would be as easy to sink an English war ship of the present day by pelting her with oranges OB by firing upon hor with cannon of the kind the Bounty earned The community is almost exclusively occu- pied in agriculture and whaling It is always poor for the people do not caro to cultivate the land, and are entirely devoid of any de Bire to improve their condition Whaling with them is almost a passion They entered upon it without having any of the necessary gear, and soon became experts in the ox citing business of the whale fishery But the Beasons are very irregular, and it often happens that they catch but few of the leviathan of the deep The bulk of the people look like respectable farmers Their 'labitian oritin is very perceptibly shown in their dark complexions A number of thom attended church on board the Dido, and as they sat by the side of the sunburnt sailors it could be seen that thoy were several shades darker Looking at them one is constantly reminded of the meeting of their grandparents, when " the now world stretched its duBkhand to the old " Some of the women are good looking and the Rev Mr Nobbs s family is especially favoured m this respect Ihey have thoao warm hearted, simple manners which have charmed all strangers who hav o visited them, and con- tributed much to produce many delightful fictions extant in regard to the settlement But if the truth must be told, it is an idle community, and not a progressive one There is a good deal of Arcadian sim phcity about the lives of the Pitcairnera, but their social freedom has its disadvantages, " for virtue cannot BO innoculate our old stock but wo shall reliBh of it" Copying an old law of tho Puritans, the sole Botirco of revenue in Norfolk Island is a £10 tax upon illicit pleasures The system has not worked well, for the offenco has como to be looked upon as the precise equivalent for the cost, and married Burners have too often had to begin wedded life burdened with a debt of £20, which has beggared them for several years Sir Hercules Robinson, on the occa sion of his visit, agreed to a substantial modification of the fine For the future marriage between the parties will cancel all obligations in the way of penaltieB His Ex cellency will doubtless be remembered for all timo by the loving youths and maidens of Norfolk iBlnnd as the Lady Godiva of their community, who "Took tho lax »way And built herself an everlasting njmo A very good story is told of the Bimple mmded, hardy descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The landing place is an open roadstead. When Commodore Stirling visited the inland in the Clio, in 1873, a gale of wind was blowing and the sea was run- ning BO high that it was impossible to land After lying off and on for some time the Clio wos about to make sail for Sydney, the weather showing no signs of moderating, when a boat was seen to put off from the Bhore Something serious is the matter, thought all on hoard, or the íslandora would not venture out in such a storm The ship lay to, but the boat s crow had to toil through the entire nitht before reaching her When they gamed the deck, Commodore Stirling said, with some solicitude of manner, " I am (Jad to seo you I hope nothing has gone wrong but anything m tho way of medicines or supplies I hav o is at your disposal " "We aro all well thank you ' answered the courageous boatmen, " but there l8 one tlnng wo would like-Ante you a copy of Lothairl Two 1 rench gentlemen foutht with swords m a FariBitiu bool shop for tho right to pur chase the last copy of the ûrat edition of Le Diable Boiteux, but it does not oftou fall to lho lot of a modern author to produce a book for tho possession of which people will risk their lives lins little incident at Norfolk Island ought to fully compensate Mr Dis raeli for Bret Hartes cruel satire m the upholstery story by Mr Benjamins THE ACTING GOVERNORSHIP OF VICTORIA (lROHTHP BVDNBV MOnNIMO HEnVlD JIX 10) We commented a few days ago on the fact that Sir Redmond Barry had boen sworn in OB Acting Governor of Victoria almost irame diately upon tho departure of Sir George Bowen-a fact that in itself under the cir cumstances which rendored immediato ac tion by on administrator of the Government imperatively necessary, was m no degreo ni compatible with tho existence of a diacre tionary ntht on tho part of tho Ministry to havo held under different circumstances tho dormant commission in ahoy mee Later events have shown still moro clearly that tho whole question requires to bo moro carofully looked into and that contingencies may anso whichinvolvo doubt as to whether thoy havo been adequately (as they have not been ox preflBly) foreaeen and provided for lho difficulty in New South Wales arose from doubts SB to whether tho telegram from tho Secretary of Stato, which tho Govorn mont interpreted as constructively sanction mg their arrangements was sufficient to euro the omiBBion on the part of tho Queon s in structions or commission to provide oxprossly for the absonco of tho Governor during a longer period than a month without calling m nn Acting Governor to tako his place [lho difficulty in Victoria was not as to tho swearing in of Sir Redmond Barry That was disposed of by tho force of circum stances which loft the Ministry but ono course to follow The difficulty thoro aroao from tho absonco of tho Chief JtiBtioo (the Acting Governor dcBignato) at the timo when on Acting Governor had to bo aworn in, and from his return whilst tho dutieB of tho office wero being discharged by tho senior judgo tho ofhcial designated by the commission to toko the ofiico if tho Chief Justico woro absent Was Sir W Stawell, tho Chief Jus tico.toassumo tho Acting Governorship onlus return , or was Sir Redmond Barry, in whom tho powers of Govornorworo legally vested, to retain and oxereiso thom ' Doubt vv as felt amongst tho lawyers as to whether tho powors of the commission under which Sir Redmond Barry had been appointed wero not exhausted by his appomtmont Thoso doubts, howovor, woro overruled SirW Stawell was sworn in on the 11th, Sir Redmond Barry admini stenng tho oaths And it is said that in tho ovont of any embarrassment oecurring a telegram will bo sent to London, asking for the execution of a fresh commission As this is cuttiug the Gardian knot instotvd I of untying It- a process that may be very agreeable to Min~/'era ,ln Victoria but ia hardly excusablo on Constitutional principles -the difficulty remains stn undisposed ot Let us then mquiro into its nature moro closely The Argus desenlies Sir W Stawell as assuming the administration of the Government But bow was it possible for lum to assume it ' Did Sir Redmond Barry give it up or waa it taken from him or did it pas8 from him by the operation of the commission ' The last supposition in untenable If S r George Bowen had returned boforo Sir W Stawell this Bott of self acting tranaf or would certainly have takeu place Sir Redmond Barry having become Voting Governor during tho Governor s absence only tho Governor in virtue of his own commission would have resumed his full powora on re entering tho terntory of Victona as a matter of course Sir George Bowen waa Governor be fore ho left was Governoi whilst absent and would have been Governor on bia return Ins commission having been neither cancelled nor withdrawn but simply suspended aa to ita operation during bia absence Not so with Sir W Stawell He assumed the aduiuiia tratorsbip he did not resume it because it was not his to resume Ho had not held it before If he bad held it before and had then left the colony and if Sir Redmond Barry had then become administrator m his place there would have been an analogy between the two cases and Sir W Stawell might have claimed, like the Governor the right to reäume the powers which by his absence he had become tem poranly incapable of exercising As it was when he returned he returned as Chief Jus tice not as Acting Governor He could not become Acting Governor till he was sworn m Ho could only tako office by assumption not by resumption as Sir George Bowen could Sir George Bowen on returning would have resumed power as Sir George Bowen m virtue of a personal appointment by a commission still operative Sir W Stawell could neither resume nor assume as Sir W Stawell no had not been personally named in any commission And the only circumstances under which ho could have claimed a right to assume the administrator ship as Chief Justice- as the official desig nated to fill the vacant office-were raaui festlywhen the office was vacant. But was it vacant? As Sir Redmond Barry was not absent on Sir W Stawell s return, and not suffering from incapacity a vacancy could not have existed unless he had been deprived of the ofhee or resigned it But having taken the oaths who was to deprive him of tho office had he chosen to bold it adoptmg Marshal MacMabous motto J y sun jyitsh. I He could have held his footing in tho Malakoff against anybody Bhort of the Secretary of State The supposition then is that he resigned But will that resignation hold together on being Bhaken Î When Sir George Bowen left tho colony he did not reBign the Governorship He simply went away and left the office to fall into the hands of the official first in rank designated to fill it whensoever that official should bo duly sworn in. But Sir Redmond Barry did not go away If ho resigned he resigned and still remained able if not willing to discbarge the duties of the office But had he tho power thus to resign and remain' He was so to speak seised of tbo business of administration and bad he a ngbt of his own motion to relieve himself of it and hand over his duties to another who so long as Sir Redmond was Acting Governor was his subordinate ' If Sir George Bowen had resigned he would havo sent in bis resignation to his superior officer the Secretary of State, and have awaited his reply Sir Redmond Barry deriving his authonty as Acting Governor from tho same source could presumably resign itonly in the same manner Resignation 'apart from super vening incapacity implies a reference to an autbonty competent to accept or decline it But there waa no such authority in Victoria in Sir Redmond Barrys case He could not tender his resignation to the Ministry for their status was not superior to his own When once he bad beon sworn in they were rather under his authority than he under theirs He could not tender it to Sir W Stawell of whom as de facto Governor while Sir W Stawell was only Chief Justice he took precedence On the whole the theory of resignation seems as little tenable as that of transfer by the mere force of the commission which if our reasoning be correct could only have tnken place if Sir W Stawell had been the Acting Governor first sworn in and had returned after a temporary absence during which Sir Redmond Barry bad been his locum lenens A vacancy might have been created readily enough if Sir Redmond Barry wbo is now in New South Wales had arranged for an earlier visit andquittod Victoria theday before Sir W Stawell s arrival or if the Govern ment had delayed swearing in Sir W Stawell until after bia departure . But he remained and the question is how, while ho remaiued could the office become legally vacant It appears to us that just as it was only through the absence of Sir W Stawell when an Acting Governor was required that Sir Redmond Barry obtained the office so when Sir Redmond Barry bad once obtained it and been duly sworn in it was only by his de parture from the colony or by supervoning incapacity that Sir W Stawell could rightly assume it Sir Redmond Barry bonnie Acting Governor because the swearing in of an Acting Governor was required by the public interest But no such necessity arose on the return of Sir W Stawell be cause the office had been filled and its duties were being discharged in the manner pro vided by the Royal instructions and com mission Tho provisions of the commission and the instructions were intended to show bow a vacant office was to be filled and not when the office had been duly filled to create a vacancy in order to substituto another officer for the one in whom the powers attaching to the position legally vested COMMEKCIAL INTELLIGENCE TILE MAILS The R M S S Ceylon Captain G H nedor after taking on board mails gold and spocie and embarking her passengers took her do parture with the Indian and Europoan mails outward on the 31st ult Theil M S S Pera CaptainR Methven with the foreign mails inward reached Hobson s Bay on the afternoon of tho 10th inst 81 VTE 01 Til VDE The laBt mail for Luropo loft tis in the midst of the Christmas and New Year boll days Wo reported business thon as quiet and dull and wo regret not having it in our power to givo a hotter account of the period which has since intervened Tho commencement of the year is usually characterise 1 by little animation and the present ia no exception We aro generally prepared for an interval of dulness after the advent of the new year nnd on this occasion though embr icing tbo preater part of tho mouth wo havo no improvement whatever to report That ciriumstamo howovor would have boon looked upon as a moro matter of course were it not that it could not fail as it baa been to bo accompanied by a great feeling of disatiafaction and distrust tho natural result of a year of losses and bad tra le generally ascribed to our fiscal polny Out of evil, however good may bo allowed to come for certain it is that the revoises dis appointments and retrogression of tho pa°t year havo done moro to open the eyes of tho 1 ooplo to tho dcBtructiv e tendoucy of protoc tion foibles than all tho discussions which havo taken place on tho sujject It is now generally admittod that our want of progresa for years paat is Bolah/ to bo attributed to tho cessation of immigration consequent on protection pinnules being allowed to reign Buprome On lonmono BJ ei lally it bnB acted in a moat pioj idinal rt annor for wlulo ti i leis have riaou up in all directions and corni otition has reduced profits to tho Iowoat minimum tho local marketa havo becorao i loro and moro restricted anti tho power to abaorb importations Ima beiome leas and less ev ory year through that wait of im ni gration which would havo onihlodour con sumption to keep i aio moro in accord with tho incrcaso of uibtnbutors Iho loss of our ox| ort market which h ia aolely boon caused through the imhipiy and ini8takouiourao adopted by our rulers has likewise hilo wonderfully injurious offoct on tho trade of this colony for though through the clumsy and unnatural siBtim of drawbacks wo aro not in consequonce of the in domitablo enterprise of oin morchants entirely excluded from tho other colonnl markets tho concession waa so tardy and so long delayed that colonies who nover thought of looking olsowhero for their merchandise wero compolled aftor our protectivo policy was introduced to find out other and moro advantageous Bources from which to draw their supplies and it is now quoationablo whether wo shall over rei am the position we havo thus lost Iho falling off in tbo yiold of gold ia doubtless one of the manydisiurb ing cauBOs by wini-, tho trade and commerce of tbo colony have boon affootod during the past joar tor doubtless a decreaso m our gold returns of an amount something like IbOO.OOO is too serious a matter to a com munity of 790 192 souls not to be felt in the combination of circumstances which appear thus to havo culminated during the past year The stato of the money marl et has hitherto been a great bar to any improve ment and as it appea a th * stringency to which wa have beou s_Wec»,a tor nine months at least is now beginn. n£ «> be ' felt in the neighbouring colonies1 i_ '"Orto untouched there is now lit lo hop. °' any relief for the iresont The cour_'J of the money market hero is as eccentric aa the bankin,} monopolists who guide its action eau well mil e it In Eng land the rate of money 13 raised for the double purpose of reta-dint tho export of gold and atirictmt BUT», lies from other countries and wl on that object is ac comphshed it is allowed to revert to its normal state Hero however we cannot always rely on such a t nncq e being kept m view A^e lavo had the rate of money lowered 2 j or cent 11 conséquence of a bankers quarrel uuei wo have hud it raised owing toan advance which occurred inLng land nine or ten montl s before Whatever the cause and without question the decrease in the yield of gold ha3 had something, to do with it wo aro still without tho relief wo had a right to expect several months ago when our wool season commenced Not withstanding the fears that are entertained that the present dulncss in trade will result in failures confidence is wonderfully well sustained and the casualties which have occurred during the past month are not such as can affect us however depressing the feel ing they may give nae to On the 8th inst a meeting of the creditors of Mr J M Corbett grain and general dealer Castle maine was held The liabilities wero stated to be £G 000 and the nominal asäets £1100 This estate has sinco been placed in the Insolvent Court A meeting of the creditors of Messrs L H Loplastrier and Co wine and spirit mer chants Collins street was held ou the 20th inst, when a report and balance sheet pre pared by Mr Harold Selwyn Smith was sub mitted Bhowmg Liabilities unsecured as £13 437 0 11 Tho secured ll-ullltlos amount to £28 0 0 5 8 Tho securities hold aro estimated st £'7 662 S 3 Uakhg-dlfforoncoof £1808 17 li TI ototal unsecured Uabllltloa th s being £11701 4 4 Tho assets consisting ot hook dobts freehold properties Btoclt aid trade inre_ti-em_ aro voll cd at .. £10 0»! 10 10 Leal Ing a deficiency of £3 830 i 0 After the report was read and discussod a resolution was passed asking Mr Leolastrier to convene a meeting under part 9 of the Insolvency Statute, for liquidation by arrango ment or composition Mr Loplastrier has been l8 years in business and until now has not been affected by any of the vicissitudes the colony has gone through. Mr Samuel Macgregor trading as S Mac gregor and Co stock and station agents of 105 Collins street west Melbourne hied his schedule in the Insolvent Court a few days ago lhe schedule) Blutes that the Melbourne firm is quite independent of the firm of S Macgregor and Co of Warrnambool in which insolvent is a partner and which ia now under liquidation and it sets Jown the liabilities of Mr Macgretor on IIIB Mel bourne business at £22 219 Us lOd and the surplus at £4 00019s 8d The liabilities consist of £G 420 19s Gd duo to unsec red contingent creditors, and £lo 799 Os 4d due to secured creditors lho assets comprise £23 826 19s 2d value of real property and 1 ersonal property held as security £132b value of personal property not held as secu rity and £1 0G8 Os 4d amount of debts due to insolvent, which it is believed will be paid The insolvent alleges that in the two years prior to insolvency he lost £18 000 by the Warrnambool firm and £4 97G 19s 2d on bills discounted on behalf of the estate of S Macgregor and Co of Warrnambool Stawell and Ballarat. Transactions in the market have not been of an extensive character In bulk ales the only feature is the shipment arrival sale and delivery of Bass s October brew of new ale within GO days of its shipment by the steamer St Osyth which arrived here m 47 days Dundee goods havo been in a measure neglected The Lllsworth whioh arrived early in the month brought 1000 bales of cornsacks a great portion of which was sold to arrive likewise 000 bales of gunnies also sold to arrive though the sale was afterwards cancelled Candles have not been much dealt m Chicory has advanced in price but wo havo to note a decline in coffee to the extent of a penny per pound A shipment to hand by the mail steamer Pera was cleared off on arrival BreadBtuffs are marked by the opening up of the new season 1 lour has receded 203 per tnn and wheat about 7 ld per bushel Hops anrl malt are risinu in value Metals have not been much dealt m In oils kerosene has not been much notice 1 A large business has been dono in sugar loas Bave for actual requirements have been little noticed In tim ber wo notean improvement in deals and Uoor ing but American lumber an 1 Oregon timber have been very depressed Tobaccoes have naen considérai ly and somo large sales have been made Wines and spirits have not been much looked aftor By the arrival of the Pera we have dates from London to 27th November The exports to the colonies for the four weeks ending 4th November amount to £1 033 800 showing an increase for the previous month of £10 ) 500 Those to Mil bourne alone amount to £ 12 900 this being a slight increase of £2 SOO on the month before To Sydney there is an increase of £07 800 and to New Zealand the mcremont amounts to £127 700 lo Queensland Ade laide Swan River and Tai nama there is an aggregate decrease of £88 000 1 he same week the lorrcs Straits mail 1er Somerset and the Californian mails per Macgregor reached Sydney Our dates from loo Chow are to 28th November from Calcutta to 9th December from Batavia to 17th December from Colombo to 19th Decombor from Now -orkwe lavo circulars to 2 th November and from San 1 ranciseo to 7th Decombor Messrs lyell and Gowan relinquished at ti e end of tho year in favour of Mr Wm Danby that portion of thoir business com prehended under tho hea 1 of tra lo assignee and accountnntsl ip Mr Danby in com une tion with Mr W11 croyd as 1 croyd and Danby will 111 futuro carry on this branch of tho buBincBS in all its departments together with that of 1 ho Australasian Mer eantilo Mutual Association I muted EXCII IV( L VND MOVÍA lhe rate of exchanto ou Loudon is un altered The bank drawint rato for GO days sight bills is -\ per ceut premium an I the buying rate is ' pei cent discount Intereat ia allowed on dei osits lodged for 12 months at 5 per cent while 1 per cent and ! per cent is allowed on deposits lodged foi six and three months respectively lho banks discount two throe and four montliB bills at 7 8 and ) per cent charging 10 per cent on overdraft IMPOUTS AND E\I0ItT3 The value of the imports at tho \ ort of Melbourne during tho vveok ending lGthmst amounted to £307 75 Of cotton piece goods the amount waB £0 781 gold I 3 748 mill tary and Government stores C8 177 sugar £37 473 timber (dressed) £11170 do (un drcased) £1J31O and opium £111 0 lho exports from ti 0 port during the samo period amounted to £9i'> 407 1 hoy included sugar £0 392 tea £2 2(3 tallow £''370 leather £ 114, and wool _!)<»<-<) The following table gives the imports and exports of the port from the beyuning of tho year to the 10th inst as compared with the correspond mt period of 1S74 -_ Total« Imports. Kx| orts 1875 241 824 I 01 004 I 687 700 401 300 3"6 087 SO» 047 05» 341 671838 200 So» 807 751" 77 3»0 212 407 8u7 «UTI 702 000 I 1 017 030 1 1 111 616 During the first period the account stood thus - Ii lorts £857 201 Lxi ort« 1 017 030 Bula co of exports over In ports £100 007 During tho second period - Ii |orts _ £70" 000 Liiorls -JllOir H In co of exporta over lu | orts £000 410 Com.armg tho abovo periods with each other tho results aie as under - I ports ot 1871 £857 "01 I iortsinl87u 702 008 Deercaso i \ 1B75 £105 107 y x| orlB In 1874 £1 017 010 bxp tis ii 1871" 1 Bil r I I crenso U1875 , £303 015 BTOOI S IN BOND The following wero tho storks in bond at Melbourne on lGth January -Brandy 8 497 hbd il 3G8 casos rum 118j hhd t7G cases geneva 181 hhd 2 7f0 rod coses 3 IK green cases whiskey 717 hhd f TOO eases gin (sweotoncd) 11G0 cases cordials 77G eases, spirits of wine C0J hhd oil or spirits 1 > hhd G 774 caseB wine 4 nih hhd 10 500 cases boor 1 5J0 hhd 42 GJG cases nud casks tobacco (manufac turod) 403 half tierces 1 738 quarter tiorcos G 428 three quarter boxes and boxes If li cases do (unmanufactured) 12) hhd and CBBIIB HO cases 7G8 bales candles 8 chests Gi 171 boxes cigars 1195 cases koro seno 1-8,131 casca Hour 5 bags coco», and chocolate 1G8 packages toa 8 If» cheats (084 09.1b ) 7«' Uli half ohosts (2 741 031th ) 43 930 boxes (390,0571b), cotw8- L.',1_1)*fî?_ 05 tierces, 332 casks, 497 bárrela , »" Uoit> _?} _ bags, sugai-Mauritius, 2,897 bag», **?> pockets , Java 7 033 bags, W5 biskeu 24 190 mats , Manilla, 31 503 mata, Reunion, i 5,412 bags 1,7-2 mata, other porta, 22,205 bags, 20,127 mats, other {refinery), 1,85C tous, I 131 cases and casks opium, 229 packages, oata, 2 015 baga , chicory, 211 packages , hops, 454 pockets, rice, 02,903 bags , salt, '1,387 bags, vinegar, 785casks, 1,007 cases 1U11110 noMlANIES. Bntish and 'lasirnman Charcoal Iron Company -'lins company was formed for the purpose of working tho immense deposits of iron ore known to ceint on Anderson's Creek, on the weat arm of tho Rivor Caraar The mining property consiste of 400 acTea of land leased from the Tasmanian Governi lent for 21 years, at a rental of ¿W0 per annu'm, with a right of renewal for otber 14 yeal'S Besides the mining leasehold, the company possess 800 acres of freehold land, oituated on . the bank of the Tamar, about four milos from the mine, and conneited witlt it by a tramway. The boring operations on the company's Isasehold give the following re- sulta -In tho diatance of 170ft the' bore passed through 30_ft hematite, 20ft mag- netite, 4ft iron sand, and 32ft veins of mag netiteand serpentine Mr Robert Scott, late manager of the Coltnesa Iron Works, Lanark shire, Scotland, has undertaken the manage ment of the company's operations, and is at present in England superintending the raak ingot the necesBary plant Asamplo of HO tons of ore smelted in England yielded 55 C per cent of pure iron The ore was tested by Mr. li Howson, of Middlesboro' on Tees, who stated that it would by proper charging in the furnace for its ditlerent applications produce a supenor quality of pig iron both for foundry and forge purposes, but not for the BeBsemer steel manufaiture The magnehto and hematite were well adapted both for castings, for wrought iron manufacturo, and for steel Six months nearly will elapse be fore smelting commences Victonan Woollen and Cloth Manufactur ing Company.-The eighteenth ordinary general meetineof the shareholders was hold at Geelong on the 14th inst. Mr W. V Ducker m the chair Tile oliairman mti mated that a telegram had been received from Mr John Anderson, the secretary, who had been sent to England toselect amanagor in place of Mr. Ward who was leaving tile company's service in March, that a manager had been chosen, who was to sail per the Great Britain The directors'report for the six months ending November 10,1874, stated that dunng the half year 102 629 yards of tweeds, 7C8 shawls, and 301 pairs of blankets had been received from the factory. The sales compn8ed 71 282 yards of tweeds, 3SS shawls, and 421 pairs of blankets Since tho forma tion of the company, its manufactures bad exceeded 750 000 yards of tweeds, about 4 000 pairs of blankets, and a like number of shawls, the sales amounting to upwards of £170,000 The stock of tweeds on hand at the cloae of the half year waa 39 9Gl> yards, but a considerable poi tion of this had been specially manufactured to moot large orders for winter goods now in course of delivery to wholesale clothing establishments The working account for the half year, aftor allow ing £1,000 as additional reserve for wear and tear, showed a satisfactory profit of £3 702 9s ia. No profit had been reckoned on the stock in hand, the whole of winch had been taken below cost The amount to the credit of profit and loss m last balance sheet was reduced, by the issue of bonus shares, to £1,123 5s lOd This after payment of in terest and allowance for bad debts, had now increased.to £f 41315a lOd (equal to 12s 3d per share) , from which the directors recom mended a payment of a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum, the balance to be carried forward, with a view of further accu mutation and capitalisation of profits The report was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent was voted. THE BANKS The followinggencral abstractsshowing tho average amount of the liabilities and assets of the following banks, taken from tho weekly statements during the quaiter ending De cember 31, has been published in the Goiei li- ment Gazette - BANK Or AUSTRALASIA Liabilities -Notes In circulation not boiTing in terest, £173,024 10s lOd , bills in circulation not bearii g interest, £17,342 7s Gd,, deposits not bearing interest, £055,800 Ills 7 ii , deposits boaring Interest, £000,473 5s Od Total "mount of liabilities, £1,810,017 ii 8d Assets -Coined gold and sltrcr and other coined metals, £420,050 17s 7d , gold lind Bllvor In bullion or bars, £41,070 ia ¿ii , landed property, £88,910, notes and bills of other bailies, £20,8(1,, 11s 3d , amount of all dobts duo to tho bank, Iucludlng notes, bills of oxcliauge, mid all stock aud funded debts of ovory doseriiition, oxcopllng notes, bills, and balances duo to tho sild bank from other banks £2,162 004 11s lil Total amount of assets, £8,723 SOI 2s fid The return also Includes-Am.mut .f the capital »lock paid up at this dato, £1,200,000, rate of tho last dividend doclarcd to the shareholders, 11 per cent , amount of the last divl dond declared, £00,000 , amount of the rewrreil prollls at the timo of declaring such dividend, £330,002 UB 2d COMMERCIAL BANK OP AUSTRALIA, LIMITED Liabilities -Notes lu circulation not bearlnir In forest £111132 4s 7d , bills in circulation not hell- ing lntorost £1,000 14s fid , balances duo to other banks, £25,207 7s , dopoalts not bearing interest, £3o7,622 la. lil, deposits bearing interest £.197,011 IDs lid. Total amount of liabilities, £305,673 Is Asset«.-Coined gold and sllvor aud other coiuod metals, £00 024 Is 5d , gold and slkor in bullion or bars, £01,073 Sa. 8d , lanilod proporty £23 64315s 7d ; notes and bills of other banks £22,217 4s 7il , balances due from other banks, £0,324 7s Gd, amount of all debts due to the bnnk, Including notes, bills oi oxcliango, and all stock and futitloii dobts of ovory descnption, oxcoptiug notes, bills, and balances duo to the sala bank from other banks, £002.000 Is. lOd Total amount of assois, £1,100,347 10s 7d The return also Includos-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at the close of tho quarter endlmr SlBt llocember 1874, £260 000, rato «f tho lust dividend declared to the shareholders, 9 por eeut per annum, amount of tho last dividend do clarod, £11,250 , amount of the reserved profits at tho tlino of declaring sueh dlrldcnd, £01,057 6s Sel TUL COLONIAL BANK OP AUSTRALASIA Liabilities -Notes m circulation not boaring into rcst, £03 240 10s 2d , bills in circulation not bearing Intel est, £2 619 ios 5d balances duo to other bulks, £13 4300s 0d deposits not bearing- Interest, £433,000 14s 2d , deposits »carim; interest, £051,745 10s fid Total amount of liabilities, £1,104 82212s lid Assets -Coined gold and silver and other aoiuod metals, £lGft TOO 11s , cold and silver In bullion or bars, £31,18812s Od , landed property, £00 005 0s 8d , notes and bills of otlior bank«, £11,110 Is 3d , balances due from other hanks, £80 887 18s 8d amount of all dobts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of oxchango, and all steck and funded debts of ovcry description ex cepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bauk li oin otlior banks, £1,302,05816s 3d Total amount of assets, £1,000,717 11s 4d Tho rotura also Includes Amount of tlio capital stock paid up at tho close of tho quarter ondlng- 3lBt Docombor, 1S74 £100 2o0 , tato of tho last dividend declared to the shareholders, 8 pel cent per annum , amount of tho last dlvUleud declared, £10,250 ' amount of the rosorvc 1 profits at the timo of declaring sueh dividend, £10,000 NATIONAL BANK OP AUSTRALASIA Liabilities -Notos In circulation not bearing ... terest £161 642 fis 5d , bills in circulation not heir lug interest, £3,128 181 (k1 , balanoou duo to othei banks, £32,601 14s 7d , doposlts not boating lu terest, £543,810 10s Gil , deposits bearing lntorost, £03fi003 11s lil Total amount of liabilities, £1,870,800 Assets-Coined gold and sllvor and other coined motáis, £108,177 8s 3d , gold and Bllver In bullion or bars, £01,15317s 8d , Inn led pro porty, £80 203 fis 4d , notes mid bills of otlior banks, £.10 002 12s 3d , balances duo from other lunka, £22,700 IB 3d , amount of all debts duo to tho bank, Including notes, bills of exchange, mid all stock and funded dobts of ovory description excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from other banks, £1,505 100 Is 4d Total amount of assots, £1,080 607 0s Id 1 ho return also Includes-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho closo of tho quarter ending 81st Dooombor, 1874, £7fi0,000, roto of tho last dividend docluiollo tho shareholders, 10 per cent per annum and boinia of 2 nor cent., amount of tho last dividend do- ctored, £46,000, amount of tho rosorvod pronta at tho time of declaring snell dividend, £260,143 0s MELBOURNE MARKE-S, SATURDAY, JA». 21 THE MILLS Tho market for broadstuffs lias lieon dull through- out tho week, and no disposition has beou evinced to extend operations boyoud tho supply of tho barest dall, wanta Quotations iiovvovoi, aro unaltered, and tho following prices rulo -l lour, £12 (bags ro turned), pollard, Is Sd , bran, Is 7d to la 3d , oat- meal, £32 , pearl Imrloy, £ 0 10J to £30 HMA1L MAHICL1S Business In the retail provision market has been limited In extent, the demand and supply having both bcon reduced bj tho excessive boat of tho woathor Tho current prices aro -Beef JJd to 7<1 per lb pork, 7d toiod do mutton, li 1 to 51 do Poultry -¿owls fis toGs Od pur pair geeuo Sa tolls du dlloks 0s to 7a. do , turkovs, -Oi to 10s do Dalry produce-Cbocso, lOd to la _d por lb , og_8 Is Id to 2s. per dlyon, buttor, 1» to la 8d pir Iii, broad, Gd to 7d per lib loaf milk, Gd per quart, bania, 1B 2d to Is Id per lb , bacon, lu Id to la 2d do WOOD AND COAL The fuel niarkot has boen quiet during tho nick, hut prices as tlvell bolo« aio still illilnlalilod -Coil, -ila to 35a per ton, -s to 2a 3d perewt, wood ltu billet« 12a per ton of 40 cubic feet do , rot ill, I« Id tills 3d pel cvv t, charcoal, 2s | 01 big of throo bushels HAY MAIIKF1 Messrs IÎHT! an and Mi si report -" It is almost necdloBS to Bij, bualuoss has lieon vory Irregular throughout tho week, owing to tho lato unfavourable Vfcathor Hie arrival» wore limited, au 1 el ming rates today «ero Grin Wo Bold as iiudoi alni« our last report -Trussed hiy, £110s to £5 101, bun Hod do , £310s tot-, straw, £J Ga to £.1 16a Mr JAMB» WTOX roi orla -' »¡¡«?W» '_' "J, ther baa material!} Imorf.rtl » It.1» bindii ni. j 0 arrivals dally diminishing, verv «w I ^ [_",'_"fTi U-rtT-W,ÄNMVUKI. Tho niarkot lilla morning slnwvd uuuilitakalilo siena of the extreme heat ot thowouher, both MI,O Ubica awl fruits anne vrloj; te lu lull cooked I'luui» mid apples »ero not cully disposed of, and vory loir price» ruled, oxcopt for a few choleo Bvmplcs which »ero soon picked up In dalry produce, butter waa soft, n («el moro lllio ball molted Kroase Eggs woro at a8t week's prices. Good poultry was scarce Tin following prices ruled -YegoUWt_-llaalls 1«. p_ do_"u hunches. beans broad. Id per lb , do , kiduoy Id lo JJ Jo, beet, od ." W per dozon, b iiiauou. 4s to ia ?° .cabbages. Bel to 2s (k1 do carrots. Od toOd per dozon bunches, cross, water, 6d to 8d do, cucumber», is to Os per doren garlic, Sid to ¡k1 per lb., horseradish, 2a. to 12». per dozen, lavender, 1_ per dozeu biinchos , lottuoa Sd to is per dozen ; marjoram, Gd. par doua [ bunches, mint, Od do , onions, dried, 4s Gd to Os. perewt do, green, Gd to Od por dozen bunches ; parsley, Od to Is do , parsnips, Is to 2s do paw. Id to 3d per lb; potatoes 4s to 4s od por cwt., radish, Sd per dozen bundies , rhulmrb, Is. to ia do ; WIRO,(k1 do , til)mo,«J. da, turnips, (k1 to Is. do,; tomatoes, Od por lb , rcgctablo marron., Is tolls por dozen Fruits -Almonds, 3d por lb , apples, Is Od to 6s per bushel ; apricot», Cd to Is. per dozon .cherrie«. Id per 11), currant-, Mack, 8d to 4d. do , do, red, 8d to iii do , do white, 8 Id do , Ogs Gel to l8 per dozen, lemons, 2s to 1a do , mulberries, 3d. to W per lb , peaches, Cd to Is per dozen , pears, Id to 2d por lb , plums, ]_, to 2d do , raspberries, 4d to 6d do , strawberries, Od do. Dalry Produce-Butter, Is. por lb , clieese, Od to 8d do , dncVs, 4s. to 5e por pair, eggs, Is. 4d 111s. (k1 per dozen , goose, Ga M to 8s. Od per pa *r, hens, 4s to 6s. do ; honey, Od per lb ; pin sons, 2s to 3s. per pair, pork, Od to 8d per lb , rabbll», 2s to Ss per pair, turkeys, 16s to 80s. el o , hams, M to Is 2d. po» lb , bacon, 10J. to Is MDL130URN_! %_TOLJ-S_J__ PHICES CUHKENT. " Tlio Argus " oalco, TuoSdaj Evening In tlio im. ia! raarkets business since tho a-vout o{ tho new year Irea boon oxccodhtgly qulot, but that is not moro than might be expected,1 aud Is ouly In ouu louanco with what usually occurs -t this porlod, nora It not that a dlBsaÜBflod and uneasy fccllug has also prevailed. In tho sales ot tho month few specialties havo risen lulu prouiineneo In bulk*_los, Basss now brow has bccndlsposcd of Bottled atcannd stout havo not met vv 1th much favour Bundee gcoils hare baca little uotlccd Candles havo malnta'ned urmnoss Cements havo been depressed Chemicals havo had civ changes Chicory ha- advanced, whllo code- ha» declined Cordogo has slightly Improved Fish has mot willi a fair amount of attention Dried fruits havo been without animation In broadatults tho ohlof feature has been tlio opening of tho now season-both flour and »heat hato recede- from tlio opening; prices Feeding grains havo onlv boen In modorato demand BlaBtlng powder is still sluggish Ifvps and malt aro likely to advanco Metals aro vory duli, as a rule. Oils aro also quiet and ovuti kenwena commands llttlo attention. Oilmen B stores ara im» proving lu valuó lllco Is neglected Salt Is without chango Sugars havo been largoly sold, hut teas havo only met with trado notico In timber, doala Havo Improved, but lumber has declined Tobacco« havo Uko»leo advanced in price In winns and spirits-, brandies havo been very depressed, but gonoiaamt rum havo been moro run after Alo and Stout -Tho only noticeable Ion turo this mouth »as tho arrival at au oarly period of 200 khdff of Bass s nevr brow hythe St Osjth, In 47 days, tho qulckcBt passago on record, lho shipment has boon slnco almost entirely cleared out at up to £310s., somo llttlo lots realising as mueli as £0 No other new beer has reached tho market, and prices of old brew aro quito nominal Joulos, of which stocks aro vere low tndecd, has of late been selling at £3 For Marrlans wo quote £7 10s, and tho Carllslo Companys Is nominal at £7 6% Somo Clearing eales of various brands havo boon mado at £0 to £0 10s In tho absenco of further supplies of new, tho old being quito cvliaustcd, no business bo) owl that reforrod to can bo roportcel Bottle ales havo been moving off In very moderato parcels, tho demand being almost ontiroly for actual requirements. Tennent s has boon tolllug at Os Sd. For Foster s 0s. Gd has bcou obtained. Allsopp s ba- been quoted at 0s Od For Blood s from 0s to Ss. De- lias been ruling Bass s triangle has Blood at 0s to 0s. Od. for known bottlers. Bovontsh s would bo sold at 0s Of tho latter brands about 1,000 cases and casks wero taken up by ono bujor at a concession on tho quotatlou given, but that is tho only largo salo which has been roported Tor Aitken s tho quotatlou slauu at8s.0d M-ivan s is worth 8s. to 8s 3d , aud Jtfftoys can bo purchased at 8s Bottled stouts remain much about as roportod last month For -dmondBS pig brand 10s. (id. to 10s. Od is wanted. Burke s is quoted at a like figure Foster's is selling at 10a Od Blood s Is mot Introl!, chlellyfor export, at equal to 0s Gd Silica tho larc,o Bul« roportod last month of O'Brlon s dagger brand, the trado prlco for ordinary requirements has Bottled down to 0s 3d to OP Gd Machón s has hoon offering at 8s Od to Os Tho valuo of Bj ass s Is not over 8s Od . but thero has licen nothing doing In that brand For Jeffroy'g t». would bo taken Bogging-Dundoo goods havo boon oxcccdlnglr quiet for tho greater part of the month, and though Scotch and Victorian goods havo not altered mile-, vet Calcutta sacks havo not supported values so well. In the beginning of tho month üaloulia conisacks, In email lots, wero quilted at 10s lOd , but subse- quently this description «as ollurod at 10s. Gd, in tho hopo that larger pareéis would bo taken up, but in vain Bj tho arrival of tho Ellsworth 1,000 bales »oro added to our stocks. V lctorlan mado goods aro Belling at 10s Oil , and ths quality of this mako appears to bo giving- tho utmost Eatlsfaollon Dundoo mado havo boen qulttod at 10s., but ouly for actual requirement-. Tho prlco has been firmly maintained at this quotation, though wo learn that even in regard to tbeso aconcossiou has had to be mado Buyers havo of lato boeomo most particular as to weight, and sovoral sales havo had to bo cnncollod because Blnglo sacks did not slan_ tho test »hleh lho avengo of an entire balo gave. Woolpacks havo not huon selling at all A quotation of is 2d to Is Sd has been inalutalaed. but at an auction salo this woek Us. 0|d was accoptod for Blinders lu sourd condition Guuuios aro quoted at Os 0d A Uno of 200 bates ohanged hands at Os. 7_i), but Inifl is tho only largo parcel dlsposod of A sill] nient of 000 bales rocoutly to hand was sold to arrive, but the salo Is statod not to havo been cirrlod Ihrougb, owing to tho condition of tho goods not coming up lo expectation Brau bugs aro quoted at Os 0u , but thero Is little to refer to lu tlio way of sales Boots and Shoes -Since tho nevr year, transactions In these goods havo not beou of inueh account, very few tarcels having bceu brought forward for salo. On Thursday, tho 14th lust, 2 600 pairs colonial modo boots and shoes were disposed of at tho following; prices -ChiUlron s 7 0 bahuoralB realised Js Od ; do. 1\. 13 at 8« Gd , do 1 2 at 4s (k1 , do women's, 6. 3d , almas 7 0 at Ss 00 ,10 IS 4s Gd and 4s 7d , 1 _ 5s 8d , do women e, 5s Od to 5s. lOd , do common do at 2s. lid , do 10 Id at 2s lid , do 7 0 at 2s 2d ; men s almas, atOs Id , kangaroo do , 7> 8d , kid do stitched, 10s to los Gd , do pegged, 8s Od and 8s , men s canvas Bhoos, strapped, Ss and 3s Git , do jilaln, 2s. 8d and 2s Od , mens bluchors, 0s 3d and Gs 6(1, youths' do, 6s Id and 6s 2d, men's Oxonians, pegged, Os 7d , do stllchod, 7s fid and 7s. 8d , common do , 4s and 4s 3d , also IV oolt's bronzo boola nt 12s. Od , and 26 tniuks of »onion's Listings at Os. Gd and 7s 3d Candles.-Tho auction sales of damaged goods con- tinued for somo timo In tho beginning of lho month to act as a check upon any advauco In prlco, though such Olli ringa woro generally taken up by specula- tors Of late, howovor, a different feeling has pre- vailed, and, from tho naturo aud extent o( Inquiries, it haB becomo ot Idont that stocks In the hands of tho ti ade aro vory light lndocd X1 oidora havo for somo time advanced tho prlco for trado parcels to lid , buyers havo been olToring 10acl, but only in ona lnatnnco havo we hoard ot a salo, and thou lOJd. was accepted Largo transactions are under uogoilallon, and nave been so for soma timo, and should tiloso bo can led through a very different tono will bo Impárte- lo tho market. Victorian mado candles aro in tali request Apollos aro again In tho markot nt tho former quotations of Old loss discount, this compvny having resumed work. Kltchons potrulinos aro soiling at Old for parcels, and 0]d for smaller lots. Kilchcn s star brand is quitted at aid Cement -ThiB marlcot, owing to tho rosumptlon onco moro of hoavy Bhipmonts, has become doprc~od of lato, and only trilling sales of Portland havo been making at 20s to 20s. Od. Inquiries havo been experienced for export, comldcraulo ordors having been on tho market, but though purehasors In lines could have been made at 18s. Od to 10s. from second holders, no transactions hav o j ot boon carried through, and Bales aro limited to supplying mero ordluary wants American plaster is steady at 16s for parcels ox ship, small lots being got rid of at up to 20s. Sup piles havo bcou coming forward slowly, but In sulll clcnt quantltj to moot all ordinary rcquiroinonts Chemicals- Mo havo llttlo of Interest to roport. Scasonablo good havo boon moving off at Unprovod rates, but sales aa a rulo hovo not boon of muoh ac- count Soda crjstals havo boon quitted at £10 16s to £1017s. Gd , and ono catiro ahlpiuont was placed at £1010s Carbonato has bcou soiling nt 2_i Caustla soda, though offered at reduced rates, has failed to attract bujers , 00 por cent, can uovv bo bought at £10 to £10 los., while 70 per cont. eau bo had at £10 to £10 10s. -louera of sulphur havo been nominal at £14, and It may bo that rotatl sales havo boon maklur at tho prleo, but this woek a shipment of 00 cask was offered at auetlon and jot could not bo sold ovou nt £12, only a j ortloii having been talton up -ar- larlo acid Is stead} at _i -gil lo 2s rl, according. to package. For cream of tartar, l8 4d to l8 0 I is required, Preparo- opium ia moving off _t-7s to 28s Chlcory-Within tho last »celt, our local growers and manufacturer« have nlseil tho price a hall penny por pound, ordluury trade requirements being now supplied at 61d Coffee -\Vo note a very quiet marlcot Slnco wo last wiotoa reduction of ouo penny per pound h is f been mado on dealers prlcis UHU illy tho beginning of tho month, tho porlod at which di alora circulars aro issued, Is selected as thu most convenient timo for malting any alteration tint in ey bo contemplate I, but as a Bhlpmont of 12 cask» ol IMantitlon, whlili evmu forvvard UJ tliolera waa immediate!} ouarrlvalelu-rod off by auction at 10 1 to Is 111 , tho re luetloii re fcrrcd to was at once ni Ulled Notwithstanding thatmall news en tho whole il c3 not Imperatively demand tho action, llatit- llou e lToo la nu» offering at IB 2d to Is -'11 , nativo Ci j Ion can bo pu re li ase I at Is. OJd , and for Java up to Is lil I» vvinttil These quotations, howovor aro only fur email lots, tho pricis for lare.0 lines being a nutter of no¡ )ti ill )u .oiilcctloiiorv -VV o report a modélalo Inquiry Inipurttd meot with vory llttlo ilcmaml, mi I when Bales aro effected throne,!! thouin lion r i nu losäiuoiioy luis to bo liken lor OBSotlinciits of Hellier B Old bos 1 ecu abbot), but wo noto oalos hy auction at D51 \ lett rlan n ado liiotiop-li-d all tlio local trado and Balis aio ulakine, at 8d Candled peol In c.ot rid of at pricis ringing fn lil lill to lo 3d Foï Jujubes wo qui to lu Id to Is -ii Couloec -1 or the last week or two local manufac turirshnvo reported an Improving demand without, 1 owuver, much anlinatlin being oxporlonccd Valuos lutvo been »oil sustained vnd no changes whatovor luivo iccurred slnco our last Bosk Manilla homp, V lctorlan wade, ropo lisa boun lu m «loralo n quest at £0(1 -ordac.0 al'ea oro dlaposud of at 8 1 per lu ¡second qn lilly Ia linn lui, nt £"i /i 11 ugo, an I 7d I or lb f r liiiall bl ro 1 lat roi o rani el) from _7J '" "" Niw /uland flax mulo rup. I* Balen Mo »If ?>«¡«r N," Aalai il "'>*>"»' !"£_,',,_ lo vvâv of ailes .no ÜS/Ä« bceñí.ÏAro nominal, miiglug troue .""VlaíL-An ordinary t>-lo business has boen doing In thl. __rk- tarni noth.r h wrl si'^»\,«»lw\,»lt,:rl" Hil, "of HIL. hav u VW"I "müo al Oil , but «upp lol uro Mt cm li iii i wan) li.olv Whllo hcriliu.il n hall laird» aro kaleall'o al ÎHB ,1«) lurrinp«,In llr,», aro wmted, alllcoivw i,ralle parcels hayo Wen li nc«l al en (.1 'Callion ,""111, «»«"'»«».»»^rf,1 ¿VaSt lily, lilli MI atcly and pubinjv, at 10« Oil , l»a«* late 10« 1- las heel, ac.eplod »t»«.1 » Ä til na ultu» furn 10« Od to 10s Od Sardines 1> ivo li eli vied from 08 3d to 08, Hen up >|.-lii V>«9i H» . quarters have been quitted at 50. l_d to 5s. 3d ; lib oysters aro now centred with one firm, and for parcels 7s is wanted, while small lots oroquotodat 70 Od ilb lobsters aro in slow salo at 10s Gd FruitB havo bcon very depressed throughout tho month Dealers not having got rid of tholr Christmas and New Year pul chases, havo not been in a position io operate, and with inquiries so slack prices havo dc «lincd Currants havo been offering at 6d to6id without drawing out buyers. Small parcela in bond have been quitted at 3ld. On ralslllfl a reduction in prlco lins had to ho submitted to also Valencia s havo ticen sold aa low as Ggd , but wo lune been quoting of late 0Jd for Heme Cipo nnd Valencia Sultana aro quoted at f 3d to 7d Muscatel havo dropped to l8 to la 2d 111.8 aro very Urin at 8Jd to Od Flour and Gram-1 ho chief and only feature this month Is tho iloulm, ol the old mid opening of tho now Ecasoii Flour has dropped, in consequence, during the month, from £12 10s toreood old, to £11 7s Gd to £1110s for fine new, at which It Is now Belling Old vrhcit, in likcnmnncr, foil from 63 lOJd to 5s lil, and now wheat from 6s od to 4B lOJd during tho some period , aud for a great portion of tho mouth, pareils of both wheat and Hour havo boon coming forward very slowly, and little impression could be mailo on tho market in consequence, but ol late tlinro lias bcennmiich more abundant supplj, buttho greater portion of what has como forward baa gone Into itoro, not being Intended for Bato at preaont It ia ««ita Impoaaiblo as yot to form an cstimato of this sea sou s > iuld , it is generally admitted that thero has been a larfeo increaso lu tho area of production, but of lato leam aro beginning tOfbo entortaluod that tho actual jlold will liol bo so largo as waa at ono ttmo anticipated Tho arrival of the ifacgregor at Sjdncy from San Francisco waa reported on Monday, tho Uth.wttli dates to 8lh December Dor cargo consisted of 3,000 quarter casks of flour, 2 872 bogBof wheat, and 1,115 bags of oats The M'Lcod, which had cleared for Mauritius, waa supposed to bo destined for Australia. Ilor cargo comprises 5 000 centals of wheat, 4,621 barrels of flour, and 7,000 centals of oats Quotations for wheat ruled at Idol 60c. to IdoL 56o. Common brewing barley ia now quoted at Idol 60c. to Idol 65c StockB of Buy Chevalier aro o-liauetcd, and no actual quotation can bo bad. Tho rntcs aro nominally Idol 75c to Idol SOc. per 1001b Tho prices of oats oro firm at Idol 50c to Idol 00c. per 1001b The Nation- Hopo arrived last wook at Syunoy from California, with a cargo of oats, alnco which a con siderablo quantity boa bcon fornardcd horo Tilla train baa been Boiling very slowly, tho high prlco ruling for this, oswell aa for maize, provcntfng moro ti an a hand to mouth trade being dono At auction, Californian oats havo gonorally rcallBCd f rom 4s lid. to 5s Id , but during the post wook moro than ono Eoreel offered publicly had to bo withdrawn, as the idding didnotgoovor4s lOd Farmers' parcels of Victorian lim o not como forward \ or. freely, of those, however, sales havo been madoat4B Od to 5s, accord ing t _and tho latest Bales reported baa o been at 63 0d to 6s lOd Barlcj, feeding sorts, waa aold at ono tims at 4s Gd to 4s 7d , but afterwards fell to 4s Id to 4s. 3d , at which BaleBwero effected this week, thus con- stituting this train tho cheapest for feeding purposes in tho market. In malting barley there Is nothing whatever doing, and in tho abaonco of any supply we aro unable to givo a reliai lo quotation Bran has boon selling at la (id to Is 7d Pollard has ruled at la Od and le Sd , and Victorian oatmeal bos been moving at £32. Furniture - 6S0 casca American chairs vero disposed of by auction on Monday, tho 11th inst, which realised the following prices, via -Washington wood chairs brought 40s por dozen, bent-top grained do, 48s. do, do do vow, 48s do, do do dark, 88s do , Vi aahhigton cano v o w , 64s do , Filllmoro do , 67s do , childrens wood rockers, 81s do , Dix nurse v o w , 0s 3d each , largo rockers do . 14s 9d do , Douglass oOico oak, 03s. per dozon, Florence dining oak potts, 01s do , crown top do ,02s do , union dining oak, 78s do , bent-top do , 75s. do , grooved bon»- ap chesnut, 53s. do , English cottago walnut 00> do , Fitch burg cottage walnut, 108s do, do nurso rockers do, 19B each , bpencer patent pivot stools 120s. por dozen , Astor G redan wove seat cano chairs, 53s. do , splndlo do do , G5B. do , Heywood do, do , Gua. do , crown top dining \Y scat-00s do , broad top dining do, 90s do , do do , W Beat, 05a do , no do , short lega, 938 do , Douglass office, wood, 102s. do , do do, woe en scat cane do ,03a do , O B rookora, Ila Gd each do , wove seat, 14s Od each , do, dark do, 14a 3d each , nurso cano back niaplo W Boat, 120s per dozen , child a high dining maple, 10s do , do do , d irk, ornamented, 30s do ; bent top barroom oak 68s do , do do, pillar do , 72s do , Ho.vvoDd dining, oak, OOi do Ihoro was a good attendance of tho trado, and biddings were tolerably brisk throughout tho salo Gunpowder -Business haa bcon very qulot through out tho month Advices by tho mall wcro of a fa- vourable nature, and calculated to impart a stimulus, wore It not that this product Is affected by tho do pression which moro or less pre\alla In all articles of Import Inquiries aro limited to supplying ordinary trade wanta and sales consequently aro of very little account. Hall s la disposed of at G_d to 0_d for small lola. Kaines- la quoted at 6_d, and other brands rulo at 6id Hops -it is Bcarcoly posslhlo to doscrlho tho posi- tion of thiB market, rho supply of now Kent, lnclud Ing even recent arrivals, will Bcarcoly amount to 100 pockelB, and lhere is moreover no Btock of previous BcasoiiB to supplement any shortcomings yet tho prlco has not ad\anccd beyond what was ruling when tho soason opened Small parcela ot 1874 Kcuts ha\ o been Boiling at 3B , while _d concession haa boon allowed on Sussex grown 1873 aro worth from la 7d to 2a, but there ia no stock Now Bavarians havo come to market, and aB much as 3a. fid. ia wanted Small parcels in bond have been quitted at 3s 3d. Tasmanlai s still continue to bear the brunt of tho domar d for consumption. Thoro has, howovor, beon less doing than usual Sales of 1871's havo been making at la 5d to Is 7d for medium to good, and inferior samples bax o been Bold at Is. 2d. For 1873 a xvo quoto from lid to le 2d For 1876 thero ia a splendid proapect Halt -Suppllca aro light, shipments advlacd bolng scarcely moro than sutlitioiit for local requirements, and from tho position of etocks, niorcot cr, it Is evident that hillier rates mimi j ct rulo Meantime sales aro makh g nt Ils Gd for now, wlulo Ila 3d Is domandod for good samples of uld In bond, buslnoss boa boon reported at 0s Gd to 0s. 7_ii Metala-Vi o noto a \ ory quiet markot Inquiries, Baxo for ono or two specialties hate brou dormant, and transactions haxc boen xtry moderato indeed Few changes ba\o moroovor occurred, but though quotations aro up to former rates, those aro in most Instances nominal, and not what could bo obtained wero sales in any way forced Pig iron has advanced to £7 10a. for parcels, and £8 Is wanted for tmall lots Galvanised Iron has been lu very good request, but easier rates have ruled of lato Sales of ordinary brands of English haao boen making At £36 for 20 gauge, and best brands haxo bcon Bulling at £30 10s Bar and rod iron has bcon quoted at £16 to £10. with very llltlo Inquiry Sheet Iron Ina declined to £16 for assortments of Nos S to l8, whtlo ..us 20 to 2G uro offering at £18 Hoop iron ie quotod at £15 to £10, but thoro ia no demand Fencing wire lias of late been Bonievvliat quieter Ifoldcrs now ask £10, £20 10s., and fills, for Kos. G, 7, and 8 Shoot lead ia quoted at £33, but for shot being acareo, £10 is wanted Tin] latea aro \ orj slow For good assort monts 10 per cent advanco on involco Ia required Muntz metal Is saleable ot BJd to lOd Ewbank a nails aro realising 25 per cent on list prlco American nailBaro worth 24s , and French nails aro saleable at 24B to 25s. lu American hardware wo noto a reduc- tion c,cucrall\ Collina a and Sharpe B lioavy axca haxo been BCIUI g at tho reduced prlco of 83s Ames a sho\els havo also dccllnod to Gls Bay's DU shovels, 31 to 30 Inches, aro In elow salo at fi0« , an 11 thcr makors , aamo slzo, can he bcu_ht at 41s S dca of liollowaro aro making at 25 per cent olt list Olia -Thoro is a moderate business dolnit Kero- sene has been very slow, and Inquiries jenora ly of a very trilling character lho arrival of tho Nomad, with G,000 casca, led to tim quittulico of 2 O00 at Is IJd lois 2d forDciooB but subacquontly Is. l(d for Di voo s und la Id for Diamond was accepted at auction Stocks in bonds aro Billi largo, Bay 128,131 cases, and wo can well do without any further supplies for uioithsto como Advleos from Now York reach to 25th Novombor Tho Penang Iclt for Mclbourno on Novyinbcr 2, with lo 000 casca oil At îvew lurk, also, tho John Bun} m was loading for Mclbourno, and 0 000 cos-i diamond oil bad been secured for hor Tho TI A. Litchfield waa loading fir f-viliio), and tho L'ght of tho Ago for New Zealand At Boston, tho Marathon ivas luudlng fir Milbuurnc, and tho li I Libby fir Melb urno and Svili ey, ull tu leivo between the 16th and 30th Jyoacmter CiBtir oil has bi.on wanted at 4s (k1 dut. paid, au 1 holders ask up to 4s Od Lill need ia In lair request , ltoldors accept 4s 2il fir drums and 3u Sd for bulk Coll, la selling at the reduced figuro °f la Od for drum and 4s. in bulk Olive Is moi lui. ut fis Gd and Cs for drum and bulk risiLctlvolv Chineso oil la steady at Is Gd Polar is wi ntcd at £40 to £12. Oilmen s Stores-A cotisldnrnl-lo hiiBinosa has boon done lite!}, inquiry having bcon atlrrcd np hy tho ndianco on freights advised last mail, which mudt affect very materially tho prieo of such goods Com- mon pickles aro very scarco mid wanted Thoro is nóteme, nowiíTcrln_ unilurSs Od , und prices according to braids rise Ii om 0s Gd to 10s GI and up to 12s 6d Bottled frultf, nuiortcl, bring Ils to 13a 01, xvhilo black currants uro saloablc at 148 to 14s Od lib Janis x, letorlan, are quutod at C8 Gd , and Im- ported Jams uro \ alue 1 at Ja hut at présent those aro quite out of tho unrket Salidollu In quart«, aro quoted at 183 to 2 H aid ¡is Pinta aro ottering nt 0s 01 to 10s ai I i"< o I, und half pinta uro moving- at 5s Od lo 7s 01 uni 8s Castor oil is flrinur 1 lula aro now i,olng iii at H.. anl halves rtaIlsors3d buuccB raii(,u trim us. to 12s. C Miers aro soiling utOs I 1 to7a.üd C iluiman nitard, inVlb tins coolmundab¿d lib tinshivo buoudlsp sclotut Di Od , and halt |wun 1 tins at 6i 10\ 1 ICui a D S I mustard baa been quitted at 18s 0U lu pound au 1 it 108 Gd In half pound tins Wluto starch his still further Improved, up to 0j 1 lining require 1 1 ir bluo starch wo quoto 0\ 1 thumb b no la aolliiiir at Hld Sago Is vvcith __ 1 Macaroni aid ?.orinlcolll comma! d lOd 100 cases \ cot ia, a common brand vero pi iced at is 81 Cliloro Uno wai auld ot G< per dozen, blacking at Is por grous Fmcy soaps were placed at 2a 5d per dozen, and Tan lstlckor s matches f i mid bl. oi ant 2s «d por gross White pepper ii movli g oil lu rotuli salea at 8d , nt uuetiiu7d ww jcccitcd lMiIto popper lo in Blow aile at lid Nut migB weroquiltel bj imeticn at 8s Gd to 38 8d,nud elm union at 2s Id per lb ProvlnloiiB aro c,olng off nt full rates Butter {colonial) has been sold at 7d *o0d Cheese lum bcon Belling ut 8il to Ojd for colcnlal Bacon, \ Ictori m cured, has hoon Usposcd of at 8Jd to Ojd , und Vletoilan bania at lOd to ltd, up to la. Leing asked QuiekBilvcr -Tho trado quota'ion has bo ii niall taincd nt Sa, hut only small qt intltlcs havo boon quitted at tho prlco To get rid of parcels, 78 4d to 7s. Oil would hxxo to bo taken Rice.-A very unsatisfactory market. Patna re- mains as last noted; thero Is nu Inquiry even for trade purposes, and tho trlflng sales effected in o\o ctttton oí countn orders can scarccli bo talton as a criterion of maif.ot values lor auch lets £21 to £31 10B , duty paid, lins boon got I or parcela in liond £10 la asked, but when business 1 us boen nt tuupttdnt auction, a much lowor rate li is hud to bo taken Wo noto salea as low as £16 The now v 111 now bo vonohortly-iTlvliig, and much moro dull cinty »ill ho oxnorlonccd In making sales of lost Jenson s stock Drcsjod rico has been moving slowlv ii'i-oF,,!!. I"^?" -J|,VR dressed has hoon q ilttou Î TV, «" -^ Japan, dressed, realises £28 10a to £24 ««I _ oon brings £20 10a Bangkok is in «low ealo nt £20 to £3010s , mid Saigon is quoted Salt-Wo linto no chango whatovor to report Bhlpmonta advlacd tilla mail nro again lint), and holders ht« bcon disappointed lu not Booing tho prlco advance Eocont arrivals havo not hoon offered lu tho tnarkot, aa importers havo proforrod to atoro rathor ? I.«- --_- - ,-----.- ..»,- __v.u.._- vu DtUlU mulei b_ihi.^Stifïll2/lr ¿"M ,,n th080 circumstances ST!?".0.1".1110 «narkot has boon limltod to tho dis posai of trado parcols at 00s for eoorso LU ornoo «°l 6d toofis for fino Liverpool, and 120s to S io, Uno London Btov «1 lo quit largo linos 7s Mt« in. »t least would havo to bo conceded ' W '° 10s .i3''."rA,ir7lllq"iotl roo,i"i »?? -"?"?-, '-?? no largo lines havo been qulttod, but ono or 1 Invoices have been sold to como in Tlio arrivals tho month amount to 00 COO Trulo quotations fully supported 21 _ 12 command £23, 22 x 12 í and 20 _ 10 £17 Sugar -In this market a very large business been done, but on ing to the competition going amongst the rofincrs values havo not advanced, i much lower rates in consoqucucc have had to bo tal for Mauritius than the prices ruling In the produc districts authorise Tho following aro tlio princi eales of tho month During tho wcok ending the year tho Victorian Sugar Company reported the qi lance of 2r0 tons of their mvmifactitl- at from ?33 1 to £30 IO" On Tuesday, the 5th hist, business the yent opened out by the offer of the Glasly shipment of _alal Boils, vvhou 5,117 bags and pock »ero cleared off, realising for whites £34 10J «4 15s , middling whites brought £31, brow crystals -JltoJc-1 fluo yellow counter), £32 6s £1!, mallum counters, -30 103 to £31 10s 1 counters £20 5» to £30 5s browns, £'6 101 toi Ce , rations, £ 3 to £ - Ms low rations, £21 £21 10s per ton 1,250 mils damaged Jaw, Flintshire, w ero at samo time quitted at ""3 to £32 This ag-iln »n5 followed upon Tliureihy hy tho ol publicly of tie Mauritius cargoes per Midura a Emily 3 370 bigs were sold at 323 for gra yellows 31s for ROO 1. and 35s Od for ftno brow: crystals. Tho salo of thceo cargoes to one buyer I previously been made privately, but at the time was desired that tho _ urchasoBhould not then beni: public On Tuesday, the 12th tho cargo of lho Mi Bailly was submitted to competition, that bel the second timo this careo was sold 8 040 mats vv cleared off at £33 >to £33 10s for Bott whlto counte £33 15s to £»: for grayish »lutos, and £31 for middling whlto 6,000 mats and pook Queensland sugar were albo quitted at £23 £20 10s for low to middling yollowB, and £20 5s £27 for browns A Bunill parcel of Honolulu nth was placed nt £21 Privately, about 1,800 bl Hnurltius found buyers on thosamo day at £33 to £ according to quality On Thursday, tho 14th, tho m ket was again tested by tho offer publicly of two ne cargoes of Mauritius, tho Carl Ma- and tho Slier vorc, but tho auctioneers only succeeded in gcttl rid of 1,003 hags, at 24s. Gd for rations, 31s 3d 32s. for medium yellows, 33s for good, and 3 Gd for fine, 82s Oil to 839 3d for racdh yellow crystals, and 3ls 3d to 30s. for gc to uno brewing crjstalB Privately, tho 0 posai of 000 bags at 33s to 80s. »OB report Somo 13,783 packages Yarravillo refined wero dlspoi of by auction at from 803 to 30s 3d Tho bidding v remarkably brisk, and tho »hole was clcarodofl Ir much shorter timo than usual, and as tho trado wi the solo purchasers, tho clrcumstanco shon B immlsti ably bowvery much this description ot sugar has rie luto favour, Wa likewise learn that tho Vic rian Sugar Company placed with tho tr» within a day or two provlous 250 tons, prices ranging from £28 103. to £30 1 OnTucedaj, the 10th, tho cargo of tho Brazil » offered, hut tho auctioneers only Bold 1,205 bags, £86 to £35 10s. for middliog white crystals, £35 I fine browing crystals, £31 for yellow browing crysta £82 10s. tor yellow counters, and £32 for gr counters 4,840 packages (¿iiconsland, Natal, a Bourbon BUgar »ero also quitted, »hen low ratio brought £2010a, rallona £'4 10s to £'5 6s., brow i £20 to £27 6a, low j cllows £28 to £28163 , and gro £28 10s to £2816s Tho Westbury a damaged p( tion-070 bags-»os llkcwlso cleared off bj auction very satisfactory prices, 28s Od toJSs Gd not c« nil Jaults, was realised On Thursday, tho 21st, t cargo of tho Ceara, from Mauritius, consisting 3 611 hogs sugar, was offered, but in consequence the biddings not being up to importers v iowa or 1,025 ba{,s woro sold publicly, at from 82s Gd to 3 Od for medium yellow crystals, Sis. Od to 32s Gd I good yellow counters and 81a to 31s Gd for medlo grainy j olio» s 8.000 packages ot - arraville Roflnc sugars »ero also disposed of at from 30s to 3Q_ ( perewt The Ceara brought dates from Mauritius 17th December Tho Mary Loulso arrived hero < lho 23rd, and lho St Mare on the 24th Wo ha dates from Mauritius, by telegraph from Adon, bth Januarv Tea -Messrs. J C Robertson and Co roport follows -" Tho holidays having entirely ceased, hu nc£B has resumed Its ordinary course, and a fair tra« has been done, although checked in a great moasu by tbo firmness of holders Trado sales, amounting tho nt,grcgnto to 0,000 packages, havo boen mad comprising ordinary at lid to l8 , good common Is Id to Is 3d , fair to good medium at Is 6i_ to I 8d , mid knisovv kinds, medium to lino, at__ Od. to 5 2d Scented orango pokocs havo realised Is 8d to S Gunpowders Is. Id to Is Sd Auction Sales.-( tho 23rd ult., tho damaged portion of tho cargo ( Void, from Amoy, 155 packages (etched from lOd i Is lid per lb in bond, for ordinary to low comtno On tho l.th Inst, 1,200 half chests and boxes congi and fancy teas wero offered, old Benson's congou fetched OJd to UJd , and old season a fancy te brought lOd to lid per lb lu bond On ti 10th Inst., a shipment of fancy teas, Bouchon hyson, _c, realised from Is, la 6d, to 2a p lb in bond, Java sou hong, Is 2d., low congo old seasons, In boxes, brought lid to lljd. p lb in bond The deliveries for homo consumptlc ard exportation aro ae,oin unusually largo, vi; 605 31011) lho stock In bond on the 18th Inst. vv S.Sl&.lSGIb , as against 3,051,7711b on the 10th of la n ontb Tho arrivals havo been as follows -On ti 10tl> ult, Countess of Errol, from Foo chow, with 2Í cheeta 4,182 ha'f cheats, and 3,018 boxen C tho 10th inst., Mariner, from Hong Kong, l.li packages On tho 18th niBt., Christianshavn, fro: roo chow, vltt Hong Kong, with 10,000 pvel aces Our quotations aro -Dust and sifting 7(1 to Sd , urokon foo-chow, 8d. to 10l<_, ord riary to good, lOjd to Is Id mixed loaf kinds, 1 Old to Is 2Jd , do, with little flavour, Is. 31i to Is 4d , blackish loot kinds, Is. « tola. 6d , d &!rong,ls Gd to Is Old.; do Btroni, flavoury, Is. 7' to Is 8d , kalsow kinds, strong, Is 8(1 to Is lid pekoe souchong and pekoo flavour, Is lid to 2s Id lina rich pekoo, souchong flavour, 2s Id to 2s. 8(1 do , very fino do , 2a 4d to 2s Gd , orango peko scented ordinary and broken, Is 3d to Is. 4d ; de good to lino, Is lid to 2B Id , capor, scontod, cot mon to middling, Is Id to Is. 4jd , do , middling i fine, Is lid to2s. 4d , young hyson, trood to fine, 1 Gd to Is lid , Quest, nono, gunpowder, Cauto good to flue, Is. (k1 to 3s (Abuvo (luotatlons are ¡ fier lb In bond for chest-, boxes being worth 3d. p b more ) Timber-VV o note an improving nurket for deal as tho moro recent salea show American and Orcgc lumber, on tho other land, havo been sold at vol low prices. Tho following embrace tho princlp sales of tho month On Tuesday, the 5th inst, thci »oro sold, ex Samoa, from B s'on, G00 doors, : from 13s to 20s etch, 05,000 4ft laths, it 21e 5 000 «ft and 5(t pickets brought £f 7B Gd an £0 2a Gd per 1,0"., 130 pieces 0x3 and 11 x spruce deals, 4d l8 lOlhs pot foot ) x 8 Ex Kitl Coburn, 00,000ft. redwood, at £10 l's Gd K Samuel Merritt, 10 cedar logs at 20a per lOOf Ex Kachel Cohen, 00 celar legs »ero dtaposc of nt 20s do On Fridav, tho Stb, somo Iar¡¡ EaloB wero cffoclcd at Improved ratos for iloorin, tho cargo of Norwegian timber ox Bato conqirisin 2 273 000ft., w as first submitted to competition 0 x 1 rod T and O flooring realised 16s Gd to 15s 3 per 100ft. lineal, 0 x Jd red do , 12s 3d. to 11s 0( do , 0 x ä red do, 10s Od do , 0 _ J red hcadc lining,Po to8s Od do Ox 15 whltoT and G flooi Ing, 12s Od do , G x J whlto do , 12s 0J to 12; 3d do . G x } white do , lOi Od to 0« 7éd do 0 x J whlto bended lining, 8s -Jil to 8s 3d do Ox j do. do, 7a 3d do The cargo of red Uiltlc de ii e\ Kcglna Maris was thon offered , 12,030 pieces wer placed-0 x 3, realised Gd 5 lG.hs to Od 3 loth per foot of 0 x S, 8x3 brought 6d do , 7 x 2\ 6d lSlGths t-6d lllOlhs do ; 11 x S, Od to 6JI do ; 0 x »4, 5d. lBlOthB do , ox St Osyth, el pieced 0 x s do , fetched 6JU do , ox Clara 8 440ft sawn blackwood, »crequlttcda614f per 100ft.supoi On Tuesday, lho 12th, ex Columbia a shinincii of 710,552lt Oregon timber »as cleared off at £717« Gd to £8 IGs per 1,000ft , ex John o Gaunt 1,12 pieces 11 x 3 spruco deals »ero quitted at 4d 7 10 li per foot 0x3, 1,020 piceos 0 x 8 do , at 4d 7 10th to 4(1 0 lOths por foot lineal, ox Archor, 38 263(1 whlto pino shelving realised £10 7s 01 to £10 Ss per 1,000ft, ex Kitty Coburn, 00 0a7(t rclwooi brougbt£10 5s to £1010a perlOODIt , 00 000 ljfl Oregon laths fetched 20s 01 per 1 000 , ex s indr ship«, 12,000ft. clear pine sold at £17 6s per 1 000ft' 100 doors, various sizes, »ero disposed ol at Us Gd to IGs Od , ex Satuns, 43 doors, alt faults, at 8s b 13s. 3d each On Tuesday, tho loth, ex Luiydicc 13 500 rod deals wero disposed of at from Gd 1 lflth to OJd por foot 11 x J E\ Allanaba» - 05,000ft « x J T and O lining, at 0» Od per 100ft lineal . 28104ft 0 \ 1¡¡ T and O whlto (loorina nt 12« Od per 100ft lineal Lx Flying Flclo 120,00OfL carpenters' clear pino, at £7 10s to £11 pe 1,000ft. super On Friday, the 22nd, tho cargo 0 Quebec timber ox Regent, was cleared off of 003 piece 11 x 3 red pine deals, at 5d 11 lOtbs to Oil 0 lOths pe foot of 9 x 3, 202 pieces 0 x 3 do , at 6d 0 lOths do 048 pieces 10 x 8 spruco do realised -Jd do , 8,611 pieces 11 x 3 do , 4d 7 lGths to Id 5 lOths do , 11 pieces 12 x 3, l8 x 8,14 x 8 do , 4Jd do , 1,753 piece 7 x 8 do , 4d 7 lOlhs to 4d 5 laths do , 2 135 piece 8x 3 do , 4_d, to 4}d uo , 8,103 pieces 0 x 3do , 1_ I do , 5,088 pieces 0 x 1 do , 4Jd to 43d do 823 piece! 30 x 1 do , 4Jd d , 237 pieces 11 x 3 do, 4d B lOthi do 40,820 picket« 4Jft S x1, £0 12s Gd por 1,000 7 100 do 4ft,, £0 29 Gd (lo, ex Kv Ik, 8 000 Hit do, £616s do ' Ex Stillman D Allen, 1 4GS doors, DM, nero quitted at 12s Od to 20s 3d each ,2 0331t ljin clcariilne, at£17 2s Gd per 1,000 ,11 OlStt 2Jln ok.« pino, nt £17 2s Od to £17 6s peri 000 5,610ft 2ln , Sin , and -in clear pino, nt £17 12s 01 porl 00O 10 GOO 4ft spruce pickets, nt £5 7fl 01 to £r I in per 1,000,104,000 41(1 laths, at 20s. 3d to2 s , 21,0004ft laths, at 20s Tobacco -V\ e report a still further nnprov cinont lu this market, advices to hand having provod mo.it favouroble to holders ol stock hore I rev lons to the arrival of tho mail, little or no business worth roeor 1 li g orno bcíoro tis, llic auction Bales durinc, tho pi rind referred to being equallv trifling Tho arrival 1 ( the mall placed na in posse »sion of tho Information that leaf hud advanced in America to \ cry oxtreiuo rales, and that tlio etopwas so Bhort that almost all tlio 1 roduce would bo ro-pilrcd for homo Urti) Can erena *i"enls »cic moreover advised that both (nctirhs Ich nine, t) that firm aro close 1 and aro not hkelj to bo opened oijalii during this year, ti 0 prlco of raw lent being in excess of manu faed red tobacco here tJiuhr theso clrcum uti 1 ces thero » 111 bo no now Biipplj hero before pro ¡.tut itoel a are wi rl ed out Tho price ol Venus and 3 vi seas tci a will In consequence bo ali anted 1 ort ci ilBlderal lj In isis which havo been dull of late nro likeli to riso in value, as a silo was concluded of Haven, St Atidrow«, «ni Our Darna, ninounlliL, to TOO packages, at an Improvement of lj.il on late quotation«, and Kavon and St Ai drew s aro now held at Is Od Tho publica tion oí thcbo advices created some oxclloiuciit At on auction on Thursday, tho 14th, of Ciñieron s anl olhor mailers', i_ood, Bold all faults, an advance of at least 2d to 3d »as roahscd as compared vrlth the value of sound (.OCHIB All Cameron s flat » ork Is now held for 1B 7d , and for this manufacturers twist Is Od to la lOd IB wanted Tho local manufacturers, tliouc.li likow Iso looking for an a lv anco, havo not yot raised tholr prices At tho nuctlon salo on lliurs day referred to, over 400 packages wero soil, with all faults, and on account ot tho concerned Of Cameron s make, tons sold at li Cd to is 7d, «vc« at Is 4Jd to Is f |d , half lunn Is at l8 23(1 to 1B 3_ 1 , navy tons at IB Gd , and fives at la. Ofd , dark twist wis quilted at Is Cid to Is 8d , and aromatic twist realised Is 8Jd Ninety packages twist, of aiiot hi r brand, all moro or loss damaged by sea water, vvoto oleared off at Is. 2d to la 2jd As wo aro closlig, another largo salo of Camerons toi nccocB has just been carried through , somo 300 packages of niomatlc, nallrods, and fancy shapos havo I con tnken up at an advanco on lat« prlcos, and tho »bolo Btook of loBt season a Two Seas and Vcuua Tens lias passod Into tho hands of ono of lho trado, at a prlco equal to last auction salo of damaged, tho agonts at tho samo timo pledging themselves to soil nolthor sound nor damaged vcuua 01 Two Boas Tons undor Is 0J for four months to como Sales ot Black Swan havo boon mado slnco at l8 OJd , mid a parcol of Barrett s was sold on private tormB Our trado quo tntloiiB aro-Common to medium teiiB command lOd to is , good is worth 14d to lod ; boat, la 7d , now hohl tor li1 Oil Navies, dark, bring 15d tola. Oil, and _________----___L_.:__!_,.--,,-.," I. "?_, ."1,1 cigars aro valued at 36B , homo manufacturers have raised their prices IO per cent -Manila Havannah shaped sell nt 50s to GOs , and ehe-Gots at G2. Gd. to Cl>8 Germai, cigars aro worth 35a to 70a Hamburg and other eorts bring 70s to 200a, Genuino Havana» realiao £12, up«arde. Mines and Spirits.-"Business in wines has been chiefly confined to supplying ordinary tnulo wants At auction, however, a parcel of port wine was quitted at £40 to £G1 10a Trulo Biles havo boen mokine, at ¿,20, ¿2¿t, £J2, £33 £48, £00, and £70 to £72. Sherries ba;o been quitted at £23. £10, £54, £60, £03, £69 £72, £80. and £100 Champagnes 1 asobeen movuv off quiet! j it 60s to r5s forortli nary, 75s* for medium, and 05s for bc.t bnndg At auction, however, Bales wero effected at 2Gs Od for common to GJB for medium Brindle* haio been my depressed for tho ¡.reatcr part of tho mouth At tho commencement tho quittanco ol 150 quarters Hennessy s w is reported at about 7B 10_d , at tho cloec ot tim month cqnil to 100 hluls changed hands, but othorwiao nothing wh.t ever hoe transpired Small sa CB havo boen nuking nt Ss , and quotations aa HO close ran_.ofrom.7fl 0d to 8s Dark Mar tell s carno into notico at ono timo for shipment, and sales wcro effected then at S3., thero has been little doing eince Martel) s palo, how tv er, has been quito ncuectcd, though offered at 7s to 7s 3d OtnrdB has oocn in alow sale at 7s to 7s. id , ind CVF has been offering at a similar figure. Jules Hobin and Co is quoted nt 7s Blsquit Du bouchés IB held for 7s., at which small lota aro being placed For Maret s, Yinogrowcrs. i.e., wo quoto GB. 9d to 7s Castlllon is offoring nt GB Gd to Gs Od Associated Vineyard Is soiling at Gs 4_¡d , and Central Vino} ard is quoted at Cs lid to Ga gd COBO brandies at ono time attracted atton lion, and holdere succeeded in advancing the price from 28s Gd to 28s. 9d, and even 29s. was required Advantage was, however, taken of this improvement, and several parcels, rieing to about 1,(300 cosos, were cleared oft by auction at 283. 7d . and since then the price has stood at 28s. Od., with very little doing After the mail's arrival a movemont was per- ceptible in Geneva, a line of 2 000 casos (15 bottlos) JDKZ was taken up at 13s., and tho prlco wia at once raised to 13s. Od to 14s, 700 tosca 20 bottles nero also closed for at 14s Gd , and the rate now is 16s. Other brands 15 bottles rango from 12s to 13s Rum 10 per cent, which had settled down at 8s C1 to 3» 7Jd , became at samo timo moro run after In one Instance a Uno of 100 packages Lemon Harts was cleared off at 3s 7_.iL, aud wo now quoto 8s Od, Whi.key is in slow sale at prices ranging from 4B fid to 5s Gd , and Ga to Gs. Gd. Sir R. Burnett s old tom lias maintained a uniform quotation of lis. SALES OF PROPERTY. Messrs GEMMELL, TucKRTT, and Co report tho follow- ing sales of properties -BulldingallotmcntlnRcdan street, St Kilda, 140ft. x 200ft,, at £0 2s Gd por foot; Brlcl. makers Arms Hotel, Melroao-street, Hotham, with land, 30ft xOGft., £525 ; Hibernian Hotel aud two cottages, Melrose street, Hotham, with land, 00ft x0Gft,£G75, butcher's shop and two cottages, Mel roEO-Blrcot, Hotham, with land, GGft x 60ft. £350 , Êart of portion 3, section IG, pariah of Wollert, at pplng, containing 75 acres, £820 , part of portion 47, parish of Scoresby, at Fern Tree Gully, containing 250 acres, £06710a , Irona, villa residence, Balaclava road, St Kilda, with land 105ft Gin x 382ft, Gin,, £1,500, cottage residence, Arthur street, South Yarro, willi land 50ft. x 2S0ft, £740 , allotments in Gipps street, East Collingw ood G2ÍL x 80ft, at £4 por foot, allotments in Cromwell street, do, 25-ft. x G5ft, 40s per foot Messrs C J and T HAM report the sales of the follow ing properties, viz -Fitzroy-Brunswick strcot, land 14ft 4ln x 123ft. Siu , shop and dwelling, £075 Sunbury-Township, 1 acre, £0 Carlton-Drum mond st., land GGft x 100ft , fan.dy residence and four brick cottages, £2,080 6t Kilda Road- Laud D0IL x 830ft, £04310s. Sunbury-Township half acre, £40 East Melbourne-Simpson street, lGft Gin. x 120ft, brick bouso,£260 Mulgan0-Öacres, £40 Schnap- per Point-2 acres, £50 East Holbourne-Victoria para do, land 50 x 150, £1,100 Messrs. GLKDmLkand Co report tue following recent sales of real property -Guatnorpo Estate, se* on acres, next Hawthorn Railway Station, £1,500, at auction, Morden villa, Acland street, St. Kilda, CO x 300, £1,150, 100 acres at Separation near Morang in email lots, average £4 per acre .Douglrs houso, «lilly street, Carlton land 13 x Co, £310. three roomed brick cottage, Freeman street, North Carlton, 15 x 70, £230 MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. MCBTS R. GOLD8SR01011 and Co report - A\ool -During the month a fair business has been transacted, 10,733 bales having been catalogued, and about 14,500 bales sold These quantities show a considerable diminution on those of the previous month, and It Is evident that the season is nearly over, the Bales for the past 10 da) s having been compara lively unimportant. Washed fleeco 1ms in some instances beon sold at a ehado firmer rates, whilst on tho other hand greasy wool has been selling In most cases at easier prices tho absence of the American demand having to a cor tam extent affected tho market On tho whole, howes er, there Is no great alteration, and wo may quoto about the same rates as wo did last month Tho lots offered ba\o generally beon in ordinary to nverago condition, nearly all the best clips ha\ Ing been disposed of earlier in tho season A largor proportion than usual has consisted of snvül lots from farmora, and these have been bought principally by tho fell mongeis to scour and place in proper order beforo Bhipmont, the classing and shirting being In many cases defect!\ e. An unusually large quantity has been sold during the reason now nearly terminated, 139,G_G bales hat ing been catalogued at the auction sales in Molbourno and Gooloiij,, and 99,603 bales sold. At tho corre- sponding period of last year 112 7S3 1 ales had been offered, and 07,000 bales sold, thus Bhowing an Increase of 20,853 bales io the quantity offered, and ¿2 537 bales, or n.arh 50 per cent, in the quantity sold as com pared with last season A considerable proportion of this increase ia due to the Bpirited operations of the ¿merka» buyers, they hailnf, bought 10,000 bales In this market for direct shipment to tho United States, ns against 7,r00 bales lu tho previous season Apart, however, from this increased business on American account, there is abundant cvl dence of tho growing importance of Mclbourno as a great wool mart, as shown by tho augmoutcd quantities submitted to public competition each year lhis has become so gonerallj rortogniecd that wo now havo buyers from tho chief manufacturing contres of Great Bi Hain, Europa, and America Wo have tele- graphic communication willi all the great markets, and the di fièrent Bteam routoo at present in operation vii Suez, America, and the Capo of Good Hope, havo practlca)l> placed us in close proximity to Europe and tho United States The voyage can he made In a littlo over six weeks, and under very favourable circum- stances, first-class stcaincra and a choleo of routes being availablo, coiiBoqucntlj it is comparatively easy for manufacturers to send tficir representatives hera to secure the class of wool specially adapted íor their requirements Considerable orders nro also Bont by telegram to broV*>rs and merchants, thobul^of the fin rebases being 111 fact made by experienced buying irokcrs, of whom there aro now a number located in Mel bounie. T lUhifc thcEo facts into consideration, w e can scarcely nue_ur otherw tso than favourable for tho futuro of tho Victorian wool trade, and wo beliovo that each year It will attain greater devel »prnent Ovor200,000 balos, being moro than one hall the entire export of the Aufetralian colonies, were shipped from Melbourne and Geelong labt Eeason, and this proportion will pro lably be increased In the current year But it Is n >t ni ono in 0, nantit}, but in quality also, that this market excels the merino clips of Victorian and Riverine growth being admittedly unsurpassed for tho manu facture of Olio goods Tho warehouse accommodation and neutral facilities for business now available will bear favourable comparison with tho best markets, and willi tho continuous extension of railways into tho interior, increasing quantities will, no doubt bo diverted hero for disposal Wo can -only hope that the manufacturing intercut will continue prosperou-i, and thus admit of a continu an co of the preacut satis- factory prices for tho raw material Tho shipments to dolo show a considerable increiso when compared with those of tho corresponding pe- riod of hist j ear, but this Ia duo to adroit extent to the fact of the wool having como forward much earlier, the favourable weather and improved railway communication having facilitated Its transit to the seaboard Freights continue at $d for greasy, ana gd per lb for vvabhed, delivered in London The following ships have cleared during the month with wool on board -1874-Deccmher 30, City of Florence, from Melbourne to I ondon, G..34 bules, December31, Cesión, ItMSS, from Melbourne to London, 1G2 bales 1875-January ¿, Lincolnshire, from Melbourne to London, 3 001 bales , January 4 Canny Scot, from Melbourne to Boston, U S , 1,805 bales, January 5, Cambridgeshire from Melbourne to London, 6,bJ3 bales , January 0, Shannon, from Mel hourno to Loudon, 8,070 hiles Jam ary 11, Great Queensland, from Molbuurno to London, 8 002 bolo*, Januarv l8, British Nation, from Melbourne to London, 5.CD4 bales. January 15. Bunill Griee, from Melbourne to London, 5.132 LaUs, Januiry l8. Bon Crua han, from Mell on ruo to T ondon, 0 2M bales. January 23, rieur de I IH, frt m Melbourne to London, 4,418 bales. Total, 40 800 biles Add previous clearances, in cludliif. Newcastle sailed October 3, Included with last y car in error 100 020 b iles Total, October 1,1874, to dato, 2o«í Sn0 bales I rices Curunt-Oicifl}-Inferior, 7id to 0!, ordinary to overage 101 to Hil , pool to superior, 1P to 1P 3d 1 cceo, washed-Inferior, Is 3d to le Od , ordinary to ivonu-o, Is 7d to Is Od _ average to _,ood, Is 01 to 2s , superior, 2B to 2a id Scoured-Inferior, la 1d to Is Gd . ordinary, la Cd to 2s HU, mldd]fi-ö to gool, Is ed to 1B lid , auj erlor, Is lid to °a 2d ¡sheepskins -The salerooms havo leon well sup ported by the ftlJniontcrs and shipping trade, nil the tikii s sent forward being disposed of at abiut tho Fnrao rates as those ruling laat mouth Vio quote butchers eli ii s from Is. 3d tous each, full grown .kum is to 7B each, and diy Btntlon nidus 5d to bd I 1 cr lb TI 0 shipments for tho month uro-Jan 0, I M ni non, Mclluirno to London, 22 Jules Jan 11, Great Queensland, Molbourno to London, 230 1 ilcfl Jim 13 Brill.h -Nation, Melbourne to Joulni, 10 luk'9, lan 14, Surih Grico, Mel bonn e to London, 7 I iles , Jan -3, Flcui de Lis, Millie uruo ft) toI don, 10- bales Total, 330 bales IlidiB.-Thin ni irket remains stat loi -\rj, a modonte BUiplv of te w11 aud countrj alaiiRlitorcd bolng sold bj auction to ti 0 local tanners at Into quotations, \lr - 0\ bidcp. 2°s tol^H (Id each cow hides, 15a to ¿JB each \lctorla called 4d to rd per lb , JSow /oa laud P_d to&id; per lb , and calfskins, up to 7¿d por Tallow -Sinco our last circular wo have so? I bv auction mid private contract 1107 casks, the bulk of width was taken for shipment to London at the foi lowing prices -Mutton, LSI 10s to £33 6s , beef, £10 to£3110B and mixed £27 to £31 nor ton iho shipments are-Dcccniber 30, Cltj of Florenco, Mel bourne for London, 760 casita January -, Lincoln shire, Molbourno for London, 272 caBks , January 5, Cnmbrldf-eshlre, Mclbourno for London, GOO caakB , January 0, Shannon, Melbonrno for London, 854 casks, January 11, Great (¿ucousland, Molbourno f( r London, .09 ca.kB , January 13, British Nation, Mclbourno for London, 445 casks , January l8, Bon Cruachan, Mel hourno for London, 010 ciaks January JJ, Tlcu do Lis Mell oumo for London, 241 casks , total, 3,570 casltB ' Kangaroo Fkins -Largo sl7ea in good condition aro in (.reat dimond, and re al ino from 12d to 131 por lb , but small und Ii furlor skins aro much neglected, mid arc almost unsaleable, even at tho low prices of 6d to Sd j tr lb Prtscrv ed Mi ats -The roturns rocclv ed from shipments hove for porno time past been of \ moro or lera iWRatlflfactory character, consequently the operations of the fow compiniea still In work ing order havo been on a limited ficile Although fat Block is now selling at comparatively low prices. Btill tho margin for profitable results Is apporontlynot .ojiBldorid sufficient to cn« urago activo operations 1,000 cases, January 6, Cambridgeshire, 1,000 cases January 0, Shannon, 1300 casos, Jauu ary 11, Great Queensland, 8,852 cases, January l8. Ben Cruachan,! 1,000 cases, January 23, Flour de Lis, 701 caeos. Total, 8,853 cases. SUMii-nT of WOOL BALKS Dumao tun MOfrii K. Goldsbrough and Go , Melbourne Hastings Cuningham_Co Melbourne J H Clouuh and Co , Mel bourno M Synnot, Melbourne D Melville and Co , Mci bourno C J Dennys and Co, Gee long Gcorco Synuot and Co, Geelong Guthrie Bullock, and Co , Geelong Mellish, Vines, and Co, Geelong Buckland and Burnett, Geelong . ,. Sales Bales Cata- logúe- lo 115 0,000 1,070 422 171 7 660 3,920 R. Goldsbrough and Co Molbourne Hastings Guningbar-& Co Mclhoumo J H Clough mid Co , Mci bourne Monchton Synnot, Mel bourno D Melvlllo and Co , Mel bourne C J Denny s " Co , Geelong Geo Svnuot_Co , Qccloiic, Guthrie, Bullock, and Co Gcclom, Mellish "Vines, and Co, Geelong Buckland and Burnett Geelong Bales Cata logucd 03,234 35 007 0,511 2,900 1,303 11060 11,720 2,093 2 201 1,058 45,570 27,090 5,208 2,121 1,136 0 091 0,818 1,027 1,910 1,009 I 114 1139 030 00 003 Messrs HASTIMIB CONINOHAU and Co roport - "Wool-When »o completed our last monthly cir- cular business was suspended in consequonco of the Christmas and Now Years holidays, and was not actively resumed until the Gth inst. Slnco that date 12 eales havo been held in Melbourne 17,818 hales offered apel about 13,000 bales sold, whilst in Geelong 1,000 bales have been "Bored and 1570 bales disposed of Quotations have shown little varia- tion, and fully maintain thoBO of last month The country bus lately Bullere- from a period ot un prcccdeutcdly hot weather, which has dono much In- jury to tho food, and has cauaod approhonslons of a dry autumn Tho wool season is nearly at au end, and Bales will in futuro be hold at irregular intervals Lxports to dato coutlnuo to Bliow a considerable in- crease upon those of previous years , thora Is, how ovWs but llttlo moro wool to arrlvo in town, and trio bulk of the shipments during remainder of tho Scacon will consist of skin wools. Tho foi lo» ing oro our quotations for different doscrlptiona - Greasy-Inferior to medium, 7d to Od. per lb ; medium to good, Od to lid. do , good to superior, lid tol3W do Scoured-Inferior to modiuui, lid. to lOd per lb , medium to good, lad tolOd do , good to superior, lOd to 24d do rioece-Inferior to medium,lOd tolOd per lb , medium to good, I9d to 22(1 do , good to superior, 22d to 26d do Freights remain steady at Sd, for washed and id per lb for greasy, with an additional Jd if takon undu-ipcu Tlio shipments slnco last report aro as follow - .or London from Hob-na Bay Olly of Florón», 6.518 bales, cleared Dec 30, 1874, Coi Ion, 162 bales, cleared Dec. 31, Lincolnshire, 3 001 bales, cleared Jan 2, 1875, Cambridgeshire, 5 821 bales, cleared Jan 6, Shannon, 3,870 biles, cleared Jan 0 , Great Queensland 8,001 bales, cleared Jam It, BrltUh Ivatlon, 5,427 bales, cleared Jan. 13, Sarah Grlro, 5114 bales, cleared Jan 11, Ben Cruachan, 0.162 bales, cleared Jan l8 , Flour de Lis, 4 418 bales, cleared Jan. S3 Exports for London 47 073 bales , prov iouBly reported, 172,107 bales , total, 210 870 bales. 1 or America-Canny Scott (Dostou), 1 8Jo bales, cleared Jan 4 , previously reported, 17,143 bales, total, 19,043 bales Total shipments from 1st October, 1671, to 23rd January, 1876. 233 013 bales Corresponding period 1873 4, 108 813 bales, do do 1672 71 109 215 do do do 187172 !G9 6l7do,do do 1870-71,163,040 do , do do 1809 70 110 740 do, do do 1808 09, 170 271 do , do do 1807 08,120 040 da, do do 1600 07, 116,737 Probablo quantities to by taken by tho following ships-Allanshaw, 0,000 holes, Ben Vo_lk.li, 6 500 do , Cariislo Castle, 5 500 do, Malabar, 8,800 do Wimmera, 2 600 do, Sobraon, 4 0C0 do St. Osjth, 4,000 do, Somersetshire 3 000 do , .otkehiro, 3 000 do Slieepal.lus - Duriug tho past mouth prices have been BleaUy, and coiibiilerablo business has been done with the local fellmongers. Butchers green skius are now Belling at from 4s Gd to 6s (k1 each , pelts, from Is Gd to 8s. 3d each , dry station skius, from Gd to 7Jd per lb Hides -Thero has boen good demand for green hides at full rates Salted hides havo bcou slightly neglected, and prices are easier than last month s W o have sold butchers' ox hides at from 26s to S3s each, con hides, l8« to 24s. each , salted hides, from 4 id to 5Jil per lb , the latter figure for primo lots from now Zealand calfskins from Gd to 7jd per lb. The shipments oMr-thor amount to 341 bales Tallow -Thero have been iuqulries from buj ora for shipment during the month, which have tended to Improve quotations. Wo look for higher figures as freights to London uecomo easier Wo havo sold mutton at from £31 to £33 6s. per ton, beef, £29 to £31 per ton , mixed, £27 to £30 per ton Tho ship- ment« are largo, amounting to £3 800 casks Kanga roo- kins -Wo report demand for skins, in good con- dition, at from 9d to lSJel per lb , according to slzo Bark -A limited supply has como forward during the month, which »as readily disposed of to tho local tanners at from £1 10s to £5 per ton for bundled, and up to £0 10s per ton for ground Messrs J II Ceoeoli and Co report -"Wool - Sineo our lost mouth s report per malt ship Coy Ion, at which timo lho Christmas holidays and Now Yuar holidays had temporarily interrupted business. Tlio market has again resumed an active appearanco Tito quantity now coming forward however, shows a very matci lal rcductlonJuidlcatlng tho early termination of our »ool scacon Tho auction sales during jo month have been well attended, IS sales have beoa hold in Mellourno, at which 17,778 tales woro submitted to public competition, and 12 950 bales sold, in addition to tiloso hold In Geelong, but tho prices ruling liavo been belo» former rates Tho withdrawal of tho American competition from the filling up of the orders for that market, coupled with the declino at the Lou don sales, materially affected prices hero, aud the ?:eneral character ot the wools lately coming orward has also been inferior to tlio clips in earlier The production of wool from tho small farmers and selectors has considerably Increased in quantity, and tbclr attention has been principally given to stock of tho crossbred varieties, as being moro suitable for small enclosures and yielding a larger retí m than the merino The quantity of the former descriptions of wool may thorcforo bo ex peeled to show a considerable yearly Increase. With Improved appliances for shearing and getting up their wool for tho market, which each now holding in timo »ill acquire, added to,ho cxperionco gatnod of tho advantage which care and attention In gottlng up the wool results in, those descriptions of wool will command moro attention Up to this timo farmers' lots havo generally bceu bad'y got up, insufficiently skirted, not In condition to attract the competition of buy eis lor shipment, and havo consequently not realised oi high prices in proportion as the superior clips of station Tim following wool ships havo cleared slnco last mail -January 4, Lincolnshire, with 3 001 tales, January 0, Cambridgeshire, with 6 703 balee January 11 Shannon, with 8 070 balea, January 12, Great Queensland, »1th 7,948 bales, January 14 British Nation, with 6 054 balea, January 15, Sarah Orico, »ith 6 132 bales January 10, Bon Cruachan, »Ith 0 218 bales , January 25, Hour do Lis, with 4 418 balea Total, 42,135 »aloa Add pro vlous shipments 107 010 bale» Total, 209,181 bales To which add-January 6 Canny Scot, for Boston, with 1 805 boles Making a total to dato of 211 070 bales Sheepskins.-The usual sales of the month havo boon held, consisting chiefly of thorn pelts and a large Biipply haB been disposed ol at the following pneos, viz -For butchers (.reen pelts, Is to 3s 3d , full woollcd,4s to6e Od .lambskins Is 0J tojs each,and dry station BklnB, Gd to8d peril) Hldca -During tho month tho market boa shown somo Blight fluctuation In prices, and quotations have not been tlrm Present ratcB ore- r or green ot 23s to 83s cow 10s to 22s each , Victorian wet-salted ljd to 4 jd , New Zealand, Fd to 6ad , kips. 5d to 6JU , and c-llsklns, G¡d to 7d j cr lb Tallow -Tho past lucntlt has been a dull ono In tilla branch of trado aa far as local consumption Is c licorne 1 Most of the sales mado being for Bhlpinoiit Wo havo sold 387 caskBatthofillowliig quotations, vli- -ror Inferior, £28 to £27 mixed, £23 lo £3110s beef, £30 to £31 and mutton, £82 to £33 per ton Loathor -VV o havo held our usual sales of tho mouth, and bj auction and private)} hmo sold a lar¡,o quantltv of dressed mid crop leather, the lntter rcallplng lO.d to Hld for shipment and lOJd to Vd for local use Kangaroo Skins-Tho nmrkit has not been so firm , our tales havo been for small Blzcs, 7d to Sd , medium Od to 10(1 and I irfeo Bklns, ljd to 1_1 per 11, Mimos* Earl - Hillsnrtlelo has been vory scarco 1 ero (or I eil use, largo qunntitiiB li wini, gone for» rl for shin n cut Our sall a havo leen for-Or «uni In hi B £0 10s .and bundled, £4 10s to£5 portoj MONTHLY SHIPPING AND TRLIGIIT K1 .01 T Mcesrs Ailinn \ oo_n and Co report -' Tho new y car I as not so far orotu,ht about any marke 1 linprov cnicnt in our freif,ht inarkot Tho buslnoss effected durlnu ti o laBt four wcokB showa an ineroaso on ti enverado of tho last few mondie, »lihou,, how cv or any corresponding nnprovoniont In tho ratos of frclfil t Cool quotations aro again reduced, an 1 Inquiry cxcecdii c,ly limited In ovory direction Ton nnj,t is c1 lilly in demand for S mill Austrvlla, to loi J briadatuffs for Enflai d, tho Cape, _c , on 1 besides engagements mado hero (particularised below) wo leam ti at two other vessels lmvo been chartered In tho neit,l 1 ourlng colonies Requirements for this I usinées »ill bo vcrv considoral lo fortho noxt fow moi ils, nul »111 tilford coria!« omploj mciit for al! disci (.aged arrivals during that porlod Hie following v creels hav o i ccei ed homo lnstructlona to load coal at Ncvvcastlo, vi. jBajurd Hertf rdshlro,Ilojal Flvvanl, and Cashmere for San Francisco, and John o Gaunt, for Manilla. For London, tim clcaroncos ombraeo tho City of Florence, Llncolnshlro. Cambrldi,c_hlro, faha¡ non, Groat Queensland, British Nation, Sarah Grlcc and Ben Cruachan, and will bo followodln a few day a by tho Malabar ond au St Osy th, loav big on the berth the Sobraon, s s Somorsotslilro, Cariislo Castle, Ben 'v olrllch, Yorkshire, Allnnsh ivv, Wimmera, Ron anoll and Norfolk Shipments to dato of tilla season a clip of wool amount to ovor 280 000 balos. Including in DOO balea hhlp.ed direct to tho United Stutts FroiUilB for »oil continue firm at Jd and Ed per lb , and for othor descriptions of cargo havo if aivthlng, n tondoncy upwards, .or Calcutta, the Anilles hos bein taken up for tho round, and takes on a cargo of horses and 1% tons copper For Colombo, tho Lottery and .anny Fisher liavo sailed with cargoes of boi odust and phospbatoe For ti o rico porto, orders at our quotations still re main unexecuted 1 or Hong Kong, tho Ellsworth » as fixed to bad cool ror Shanghai, tho Svmos loads at Now castle, and t ho Westbury proceeds to Fremantle to take in a full cargo ol sandalwood .or Manilla tho Kassa und Madura »oro chartered for tho round Tor Java, tlioLmlly loads nt Adolaldo, and hosaroturn thartor 1 or Yoi« bama, tho S B Allon accoptoda cool frcltl t Chartors-Wimmera, 1,008, bonoo to London , Ellsworth, 8f3, Novvcastfo to Hong Kong, -lanilla and back, equal to 70s on tho round, Shan- non, 208, Formosa to Molbourno, 468 , Albort Victor, 3S1, Bankok to Holbourne, 46s, ApülcJ, 1 030. heneo to Calcutta and back, private, Westbury, 320 Frcmantlo to Shanghai, 00s lor Ban dalwood, Emily, 200, Adelaide to Java anil back, lump Euro, private, Kurydico, 1,161, South Austr» lion port to United Kingdom, 67s 6d per ton, Nomad, 478, Tort Broughton lo Liverpool, 67fl Od Freight Quotations -Mclbourno to Loud in, wool, _d and gd per lb , tallow, 05s., moatB, 35s. to 40s , ground bark, 60s , leather and Bklns, 70s , moasuro mont, 40s , copper, Is , Newcastle to Yokohama, 28s., Shanèhal, 2cs , Hong Koni, 21s , Mauritius, 30s , Vanilla 20s , Java, 20s , San Francisco, 26s South Australian port to tho United Kingdom, 65s to 67s Cd , Adolaido to tbo Capo, 60s. to 65s , ltlco Ports to Europe, 07s Gd , Malden Islaud to tbo Continent, 053 per ton ' Mr 8 Di BFFR reports -" Slnco tho is'uo of my circular of 30th ult I havo to report that shipping buslncrs boa been characterised by a considerable amount ol animation , and that tbo exports havo ' continued tor tbo mouth upon a ecalo equal to thoso which have preceded it for some timo post Nino Bhips bavo been despatched for London, aud one for Donton, ainco Christmas Da., tho resistor tomlin,o of which amounis In tho aggregate to 12.260 tons they aro embraced in tho following -City of Florence, 1,200 tons , Lincolnshire, 1,200, Cambridgeshire, 1,000, Shannon, 1,202 , Urcat Queensland, 1 OjS , British Mation, 1,802 , Sarah Orlco, 1,070 , Ben Cruachan, 1,407, Flour do Lis, 005 Tho ships now on tno beith for London aro ampio for prcfont requirements, thoro being 11, of l8135 tons register, viz. -St. Osy th, s a, 8 000 tona Somerset- shire, 2,842 Malabar, 1,21», Sobraon, 2,180, Carllslo Coatlo, 1,457 , Allanshaw, 1 073 , Yorkshire, 1,050 , 1\ Imnicra, 1 003, Ben Voirlich 1,474 , Rom-loft", 1,200, Ivor/olk, 0£0, tbo first named bolng on the ovo of leaving Bates of freight during tho period under rcj/lew havo been fairly maintained, and in somo In- stances an advance bos bcon secured Tho present quotations aro-Vi ool, _d and _d per lb, for greasy and scoured respectively, tallow, 05s , leather, 70s., ground bark, 60B., orcB, Is , breadstuff-, nominal, 45s per ton of 20 cut, meats, 85s. to 403 por tin 40 cubic lift. Tho rates per stoaraor arc samo, with oxcoptlon of tallow and loatbor, for which 6s additional per ton is paid. A limited demand to load breadstuffs at South Aus- tralian ports boa now sot in Shippers from theuco aro c&utlous; in their engagements, as tho harvest has scarce!, commenced, and prices aro ruling too high to leavo a margin for export The ships on tho berth in Adelaldo for London aro obtaining from 60s to 56s , whilo at tbo outports 65s. to 00s. is tho ruling rato, to load all February for tho Channel Tho number of ships hi this port sultablofor that particular trado aro rallier limited, and tbo present ralos aro not su!!! ciently tempting to induco shipmasters to accept en- gagements I cannot report any clearance! with horses for India during tbo month Tbo Apelles, 1030 tons Is now loading for Calcutta, and a ship is wantod for Colombo to convoy live Btoek. Tho Funny FIsltor, 210 torB, bos cleared for Colombo with a cargo ol artificial manure, and tho British barque Brazil is loading a similar cargo for tho samo destination Tbo barquo Flodden, 337 tons, has also left for Mauritius with a cargo ot artlflcW Manure Forman, .cars sailing vessels havo cleared during December and January for Hong Kong direct with Chinese passengers, but sinco tho Torres Straits steam route has been opened to China, passengers aro con v ey ed to their homes by tho monthly lino of steamers During the month tbo chartering transactions hal o been fully up to tho average of the prccoditig 12 morths Tho following engagements havo been con eluded *-Colonial owned barquo LUlio, 401, and Dutch barquo Hcgina Maris, 04G, Nowcaatlo to tho Philippine) Islands, and back to tho colonies with sugar, at GOs for tho rouud Colonial owned barquo Kas«a, 825, and French barquo Madura, 859, for similar employ mont, at rates which havo not transpired Colonial owned barquo Emily, 200, Ade laido, with breadstufTs, to Java, and back with sugar, on piivato terms Colonial-owned barquo Albert Victor, 384 from Bankok to Melbourne, with rico, at 46s. Norwegian barquo Aristos, 631, Newcastle to Hong Kong, at 26s Colonial owned brig Shannon, 200, Ncvvcastlo to Hong Kong, 20s, and back from Foimosiwith sugar, 46s. British ships-Apollos. 1 000, bence to Calcutta, with horses, back to Mclbourno w ilh Indian produce, then heneo to London at £7,000 for tlio round, Eurydice 1,161, Adelaida to the Channol, with brcadBtufls, at 67s Gd -ii to a direct port, 55s , Bebington, £80, to London or Livorpoel, at 67s Gd , barquo Groy hound, Adclaldo to Al_oa Bay, with breadstuffs, at GOs American barquo Nomad, 470, South Australia to Liverpool, with broad stuffs, at 67s. Gd Wimmera, 1,008, boneo to Loudon, with general cargo, at privato terms, but said to bo £3,000, Fanny rishcr, 210, and Brizll, 277, with bono manure, henco to Colombo, tho former at 25s , and tho latter 27s Gd In coal freights, from newcastle, NSW, very little chango can bo noticed flio present quotations aro -Hong Kong, 26g , Shanghai, 80s , Singapore, 20s.', Java, 20s , Palaug, 80s., Mauritius, S2s , San FianclBCO, 30s. Tho Inter colonial Irado remains doprcsscd and tho prospects of a recov ery aro far from being satisfactory Tbo follow- ing vctscls have chanted hands during the month - BrillBh barquo Italy, 280 tons, built at Cardiff In 1807, then classed Al 13 years, at £3,700, Floddon, 313 tons, built at Sunderland In 1807, then classe I Al 10 years, at £3,300, Lady Darling, Bteamer, 722 tons register, built In Liverpool In 185Í, at £1,400 Tho demand lor Investments has fallen oil, and may bo accounted for in consequence of the prcsont depressed Btato of tbo freight markots " REVIEW or TJIE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. ThlB market has prcsontcd a very unfavourable as peet throughout tho post month, and closes without animation BuilncsB in Sandhurst mining companies has been unfav onrably affected by the delay In furthor proving the southern continuation of tho Garden Gully reef, disputes as to drainago assessment having led to tho etoppago of pumping, and tho consequent flooding of the deep lev ols of tho claims south of the Burrow cs' Freehold. Thero havo not boen any favour- able mining developments on other leading lines of reef at Sandhurst to counteract tho depression induced by this causo, and in nearly all cases we quoto Sandhurst companies lower than at beginning of tho year, almost the only exception being the Great Extended Hustler's, which aro yielding well, and havo advanced in market value In other districts wo uoU) an Improvement in Extended Cross Beef, Stawell, New North Clunes and Clunes Consols, dunes ; tbo latter to a consider- able extent, owing to report of golden stono being obtained in the 70-ft, lovel, not, how over, sufficiently developed to cause a firm markot. Debentures and bank shareB, and indeed all investment stocks, havo bad a very dull markot, with comparatively fow trans actions, tho high rate of interest now obtainable for cash on dcpoBit at Iho banks Interfering considerably with tho business In theßo stocks. At foot of this report wo give tables of dividends for tho year 1874, particulars of wlile.li wo wera not able to got in timo for lust month's report The mining dividends for the past three w coks amount to £¡0,021, as particu lariscd below - Debentures.-Victoria Government Bix por cents, havo bad a dull market, and prlco quite nominal at £118 seller for 1885 s ana at £11010s for 1833 s, do fivo per cents, wiro in tbo market at £108 10s , with buy er at £10710s , do four per cent, inscribed stock havo been inquired for at £00, no declared sellor Molbourno Corporation fleo per cents., due 18S3, had sellers at £103 M and H U Railway six per cents, offered at £10810s , and Melbourne Gas Company fivo per cents at £101 New Zealand four por cent* ob- tainable at £87, and Western Australia fit o per cents at £101 QuconBland four per cent« nominal at £00 New South Viales 111 o per cents hato soliera at £108 10s. Banks.-Australasia obtainable, at £09 Colonial bato bad moderato Inquiry, with sales at £7 10s to £17 Ifls. (k1, c'oslngflrm, buyers £7 10s Commercial in fair demand, with sales ranging between £6 15B and £6 lGs Gd , closing seller at £5 10s City of Mel bourn« now lesuo shores sold at 80s and closo Arm Land llortc,oe,o had a limited business at 67s Na- tional, Mclbourno rcgiBter, bad good demand, and dealt In at improved rales , Bales from £7 7B to £7 8s., and closing £7 8s Gd asked, do, Adelaide register, changed hands at £7 Cs. Gd New Zealand HOUM lind buyers at £18 los Union had soller at £53, buyer £¡>1 10s cum div Oriental offered At £48 Australian and European aro obtainable, at 55s., buy cr about 60s Victoria ha\ o been in good request, and changed hands at £63, closing buyer £62 10a. and £53 10°. asked Cos -Ballarat offered at £11 Collingw ood cbangod hands to a small extent at £8 10s , and closed Bellera at £9 Mt lbouruo placed at £5 5s , and aro obtain- able at £5 Os Insurance 4.C -National havo had good Inquiry, sales at 6s to 5s Sd , and wauled at 6*. Sd , shares scarce Southern quiet, and havo sellor at 13s, bujcrl2a Od Mclbourno and Hobsons Bay Railway in request, and changed hands at £69 15s to £00, closing with buy ere at £00, and £01 asked Molbourno Meat- presen Ing Company would bo takcuat40s., no declared soller Melbourne Omnibus Company paid up have sellers at 40s , do new Issuo bavo been In strong demand , sales to a small extent at 16s, and since wanted up to 20s , no shares offering Mel boiinio Ice Company would find buyer at £21 Hines -Ballarat and Other Districts-Ar«us United nominal at Ga seller Baud and Albion COIIB ils bad Blight inquiry at closo buyer ¿a , and offered at 3s Cr! Black Ila« 1 would find buiorat C3 3d City of llallaiit nominal at 21s buyer, _0s seller Clunes Consols dull during the cirly portion of the month, and quitted ot 4"3 to 13s hutt minis closo they hal Improved demand, and largely advance 1, Bales being li ade up to 0 e , closing at 8-3 01 Cornish Daylesford olïutd at _ SO Crown Cro«B United nominal nt t-0* collers Lnj Iel awk Limited would And 1 uj cm at li, mid aro obtainable at 0j rn_lchawk Union have been m gool request during tho month, and a coiiBiileral Io number of shares changed hands at Iroin 2S3 01 up to il6s Gd., cloHing nt-is buyer, 3^s Boiler Extended Cross Beef had mcr-i'cd demand, and placed at £10 to ¿21 103, clent, feller £">1, lim or CO I or 1 M timsbury paid up were vvniiti 1 at 17s Od and contributing at 2 3 , sellers frico wide Long Tunnel In the markot at £103 months dividend, £2 New Lotlmlr bad in qnlrj and sold at Is. to 8a 0d , closing sellor bs 3d , buyer 7« 6d Magdala sold to a very limited cxlont at 17s ed , ai ú cbccd nominal at same Now Blnck HOIBO quilted at 7s GI . and close dull Newington and Pleasant Creek havo had only a moderato citent of buplnc«», paid up Bold at 603 to 4rs , ai d closed seller 4Ca , now Issue dealt In at bo tween 17s Gd and 82s Gd , improving, aud closing at 31s buyers, SOs Boilers Isovv Iiorth Clunes bad good demand throughout tbo month at improving rates sales from £40 to £4° 5« , and closing firm ivflli biyers at £11 10s Trinco Pall ¡ck sold early at 61s. to 62s Gd , hut wero nttorwarilB ililli, and closed at42s buyer Reform bad buj era at 20a ltacocourso In ro quest at 60s. no declared soller South Ciútica offered at 45n, ai d quitted at 41s Sultana neglected, mid offered at 10s Specimen bill obtainable at Us Oil dividend of ed paid Sultan would bo talton at £7 15s., dividend of 5s declared Sloauo s and Scotch man s nominal nt Ss sollen). Is Od buyers United Hand and Band Bold early at 8s lOd , but afterwards quitted down to Is 8d , and closo nominal at Is Gd Walhalla wero In tho marl ot at £167, with buyor at £118, dividend for month £1 Winters Freehold were depressed, in conscquonce of financial dllllcultlcs, hut Improved afterwards to £1 169 buyora, receding however at closo to £4 6s sollors. Saudi uist -Burrow«, s Freohold Tribute dull of salo, and ohtalrnblo at 8s , Is 9d dividends paid Cathe- rine Heel United oponed in request, and placed at 11B Gd to Ils 0d , but sinco ou&ior;, and close sollor 10s Od , buyers 10s City of Sandhurst wero sold 2a to Is Id and aro offered at l8 fid Duchess of Edinburgh opened with sales at 2s 7d , but oascd aftorwardB to 1B Oil, Improving and oloBtng buyora -s 4d , sellers 2s. 7d , Is dividends patd Gardon Gully United havo had a declining market ; salcB early at 86s to 87B , and offorcd down to 75s, but Improving at closo with salcfl at 78s to 75s month's dividend Is Gd Gardon Gully Froobold had a limited buslines at 4s Gd, and nrouomlnMntsamo aoldcn Stream Tributo had a dull market, and receded considerably , Bales rainro from Da to 0s, cloBing flrmer, bu. ora Cs. 0U , Boilers 03 0d , dividend of Od paid Cordon s Garden Oully Tributa recoiled from qulry at cioso , buyer 6s. Od , seller 7s. Gd Groat Extended Hustlers have had steady demand at im proved rates, sales from 60s up to 03s Gd , closing with seller at 05s , do Tribute No 1 nero asked for, and sold at 14B to 14s Od , closing Boiler at 15s. Johnsons Reef opened in good request, and had BalcB from 55s. up to 018 , easing afterwards to 55s., and finally closing huyera 64a, and 50s naked Latham and Watson 8 Tributo had a moderate amount of business, but at reduced rates sales from 2s 31 to Is. 2d , closing at la Gd Boiler, la 4d buyor Londonderry opci ed dull, and rcccdod from £32 to £23 but had better inquiry towards close, and wanted at £26, shares scarce. Ne» Chum and Victoria Tribute sol 1 to a limited extent at £5 5s to £5, and eloso nominal at £4 10s Now Hustlers sold at 2s Gd to 2B., and aro offered at 2s 3d North Old Chum have had a moderato extent of business at from 13s to 11s Od , CIOÉÍIIÍ, sollor 11s Od , bujer 11s. Is. dividend ] aid Tandora sold early at 17s , but havo since been dull and clos" nominal at Ila buyor, 10s seller Richard Beales rffero 1 at lOd Royal Hust- ler s Bold to an extent at 4s Gd to 4s 8d , and cloaed nominal at 4B buy ora Shenandoah had alight in quiry, with sales at 8a, closing quiet. Victoria Gold Mines nuked for and placed at 2£_ Od., closing buyer 28B fho dividends declared during throo w colts ending January 23 amount to £20 G21 of which £20 088 aro from quartz and £533 from allvulal companies The dlridcudB in detail are as follow -For week ending January 9-DuchesB of Edinburgh Sandhurst, Od per 24,000th £C0O, Golden Stream Tribute, Sandhurst, Od per 24 OOOtli, £900 , C C Freehold Tributo, Sand hurst, 3d per 24,000th, £300, New DImocks, Ballarat £1 per 48th, £48 Long Tunnel, Stringers Crock,. £2 por 2,400th, £4 800 Wal bolla, Stringers Creek, £4 per GOOth, £2 400 For week ending January 10-Cornish, Daylesford, 5s per 1,300th, £326 , Gardon Gully United, Sandhurst, la Gd per 20,819th, £2,01313a Gd , Burrow es a Free- hold Tribute, Sandhurst, Is per 24 OOOtli. £1 200, Specimen hill, Daylesford, Od per 20 700th, £511, Prospectors', Stockyard Creek, 4d por 82 000th, £633 GB Sd lor week ending January 23-North Cross, Stawell, 18s per 10 000th, £9,000, New DImocks, Ballarat, £1 por -Sth, £18, Sultan, Blackwood, 6s per 2,6001b, £025 , Duchess, Ballarat, Is per 4 OOOtli, £200, >cw North Clunes, Clunes, £1 por 2 050th, £2 060, Now North Clunes, Clunes, bonus IPs per 2 OBOlli, £1 028 Tho districts from which the abovo mining dividends »era derived rank as follows in order of amount distributed, viz -Stawell, £9,000, Gipps Land, £7,733, Sandhurst, £6 013, Clunes, £3 084 , Daylesford, £809, Blackwood, £0 . , Ballarat, £290 DIVIDENDS FOR YEAR 1874 In continuation of tho summaries of dividcnds which »e havo given for tho last seven years, wo now appond tho following tables again remarking that as regards mining companies tho amounts are only approximate, thero being in many caeca no public notification of dividends even by registered companies, vvhllo as re gards privato companies vory fow will givo any infor- mation, and no rcllnblo estimate can be offered of the amount of profita distributed among the share holders. Tho total published dividends (or the year 1674 8t-nel thus . From mining companies £852,001 Fiom other public companies 321,412 Total dividends _ £1,178 470 As compared with the provlous year, the abovo nmountB show a v cry considerable falling off In mining dividend», over 11 per cent, but au increase of a similar proportion lu the dividends from othor puDllc companies In more minute detail we note for coin parison the amount of dividends distributed by banks and other public companies during tbo post three ycare The figures Btand thus - _ Banks Railway (Melbourne and Hobsons Bay) Gas companies Insurance companies Mlscollaneous £ I £ 174,7011178 882 20 736 S',032 34 818 38,607 34 092 33 827 13,771 6,410 286 100 1283 716 I 321,112 32,083 85,200 39,731 0,125 It will bo observed that by far tho largest portion of tho Increase Is from bank dividends, and that mlscel lancouB companies Btill rank bra very Binall sum, the co-opeiativo foundries and tho mcat-presorviug com panie, doing nothing .to increase tho amount Tho following tnblo Bhovvs the mining dividends for tho past thrco years distinguishing quartz from alluvial, tho latter ol which, It will be noted, are now extremely small - Tear Quartz Mines I 1872 1673 1674 869,081 180 251 841 669 l18 0115 SOO 1)09 I 46 005 1,009,335 000 824 8n2 004 Tho districts from which last years dividends woro derived rank as tallowa in order of amount dlslri buted, viz. -Sandhurst, £111 030. Pleasant Creek, £111,687, Clunes, £105,744, Stringer's Creek £95 ODO, Maldon and Daylesford, £01 448, Smythes dale, £23 000, Ballarat, £10,831, Blackwood, £5 200 , Creswick, £5,150, Maryborough, £5,100, Castle- maine, £4 300 , Lauriston, £3,004 , Wood's Point, £2,860, Ovens, £750 , Gaffney s Creek, £320, Steig- litz, £150. Amongst tho largest amounts paid by mining companies wo particularise tho following six, all from quartz-miniug claims -Gardon Gully United (cum tributes), £180 242, North Cioss Keel, £103 00O , New Nortll Clunes, £98 092 , Long Tunnel, £03 G00 , Great Extended Hustler's, £48,300, Eaglehawk Union, £40 760 Comparing now the aggregate totals from regis tend public companies (mining included) for tho past five years, It »ill be observed that the dividends for the year 1874 Bhovv a falling off as against the throo provlous years, but aro largely in excess of the year 1670 TOTAL DIVIDENDS 1670 I 1871 1872 083,709 11,218 325 11 354,444 11,249,689 11,173,470 1874 GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tlio following aro the ships taking gold which havo sailed from this port slnco the publication of our last Summary, together with the quantities and des- tinations - * Sailing Ship Destination. UOunees 71,053 47a The total amount of gold exported from the colony during tho year 1874 »as 1,082 496o_, of which 146,400o£ was transhipped from Now Zealand During lho year 1873 tho entire quantity exported »as 1 249130oz, and of this total 120,053o?. was from _cw Zealand. 1,474, Alex Potrle, London - SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVAIS AND C_-cn_Kc_3 SIHCB otra. LAST SDJQURT [B, British, A, American, Au, Austrian, Da., Danish , D , Dutch F , French , Ch , Chilian. P , Fortugucso , Pr, Peruvian , I, Italian, N , Nor weston , G , German, S, Swedish , Sp , Spanish , Belg , Belgian, R., Russian , s., ship , b , barque, br, brig, se., schooner, » s , steamer ] Dec. Alum ED 80 Emily, B br, 200, JA, M'Eachern, Mauritius - Joshua Bros Jan 1 Westbury, B b , 329, D Nutstord, Mauritius - Fanning Nankivell, and Co 1 Regina Maris, D b, 040 D Onwehaml, Frodorlek sham,-Anderson and Marshall 2 Cariislo Costlo, B s, 1,457, A Cooper, London - J H VV hito and Co 2 Eurydice, Bs., 1,151, J Jameson, Gclio -Wilshln and Leighton 2 Royal Edwaid, B s., 1,608, J Shaw, Livorpool - J Setvico and Co 4 John o Gaunt, B s, 850, W n JcffroyB, Liver pool -Bright Brothers and Co 4 British Ambassador, B s, 1,794, Jos Davis, London -Bright Brothers and Co 6 Allanshaw, B s, 1 073, J Ogilvie, Glasgow - Holmes, Whlto, and Co ' B 8 Yorkshire, B b, 1.050, Georgo F Gibbs, London -W P Whlto and Co 8\. Ludovic et Charles, Fb, S81, M Lofehrro, Ma- nilla, Victoria Sugar Corni any 10 Pera, R M S S, 2,110, R Methven, Gallo -F R Kendall 10 Marinor, ah , 840, _ Lcgondor, Hong Kong -I Kong Meng and Co 12\. Wimmera, lis, 1.00B. W H.T Coopor, London. Hi Iraca, Whito, and Co, 12 Çtldl.sb'a" 12 Somerset, E and A.M S Co 's s, 054, n M Morris, Slt gaporo - Bright Brothers and Co 13 iiouilid, A b, 470, A. Jajne, New York.-lorimer, Marwood, and Homo 13 Ri kent, A s , 030,1 Bray, Saguenay Rlv cr, Quobcc -Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 14 Bin Voirl.li Bs 1,474,Alex Holmes, While and Co 15 Sea Rlpplo B se , 187, J T Nash, Mauritius -Jos Henty und Co 15 Sillín an B Allen, A.b, 560, Levi Taylor, Boston -Newell und Co 10 Bornai off B s , l,2»o, Vi Shcphord, London - Dalgety, Blackwood and Co 10 Mnvls Bsc, 70, Wm Llllott, Gourock-II R Ri id and Co 17 Loch _css B 8 ,1,100, Thomas Meiklolohn -Goo Mai tin and Co 17 Chrlstiaiisliavn, Da b, 287, Carl Djaru!, Hong Kmg- W J Orclc, and Co 18 Jose, h Clark As 1 JOS Charles 0 Park, Qcflo \- Andersi n m d Marshal! IP Ccaia, B BO , 10», R G llao, Mauritius -Croaker, Scott and Co 20 Norfolk, B » 050, A II Tarham, London -W P Whlto aid Co 21 I/^.'Ii"dc' _,sc' 3,° ,J G Worry man, Hum 1 oldt Bnj -Osborne, Cunning, nu I Co 21 eilv of Athens B s 1,109, J Carnlfclian, London -Vlrgoe Son, and Co 2» Son orselal Ire, 11IB , 2142 II I irquhar Holt, London -W P White ai d Co 22 Oriental, B b, 281, J Brown, Malden Island - Grlcc Sumner, and Co 23 Io h Marco h s 1500, Charles Orov,R.NR Olnetow -Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co 28 Cashmere, B a , 1 216, Henry Mais, Liverpool - Geo Murtln and Co £3 Marlo Louise, I b , 225, J Durand, Mauritius - Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co 21 St Mare F b, 202, P Joj au\, lliurltui- - Joshua Brothers Dec ci Maro OUT 30 Lottery, B so, 150, J Gibson, Colombo - 1 Igott Lros and Co 31 Civlon, JIM 88, 1,140, O II Hector, Galle, 4.C -F R Kondall 31 rioddcn B b , 337, Josoph Murdoch, Mauritius - JoBhua Brothers 31 Sames, A s,895, C ¡I Bryant, Ouam-Nowoll ana Co Jan 2 Llncolnshlro, B s, 1,200, E, Dav es, Loudon -W P VV hilo and Co i Canny Scot. B b , S"8, G B-rtlott, Bostan -OS 1 orri, Gushing, and Co B Corni rldgCThlre, B B , 1 005, J N Marshall, Lou don -J Sorvlco and Co 8\. Arlstos, N b, 6J1, A E Klldahl, Guam -r \Y 0 Kana, B b.325, R Lindsay, Manilla, via Now ensilo-Poolo,Picken and Co 0 -hannon, BB , 1 ¿92, V R. O Stackpoole, London -J II Whlto and Co. 11 Great Queensland, B B, 1,098,0. F Boldon. Lon don -croaker, Scott, and Co 13 British Nation, B s, 1,302, A Carnell, London - Bright Brothore and Co ' ____________ n ? i... » .,- .,.,... _.. M Morpcslo, B s, 1,443, T Storey, Rangoon - _ co.' Mortin and Co "^ l8 Stmeraet E and AM S Co s as., 054 H M" Morris, Horif, Kong, via Sydnoy and Singapore -I Bright Brothers and Co (¡»pore-. l8 Ben Cruchon, B s , 1 407, W Martin, London Holmes White, and Co ' "Tuon> 20 Fanny Fisher, B BO , 219, P J Rolls, Colombo' -Pigott Brothers and Co 22 Carl Max, G b, 294, M Boyer, Guim.-Qconrn Martin and Co ^* UC0I»° 23 Adelphol, B b, 349, C Gunn, Guam -Victoria Sugar Compai y 23 -leur de lis, B s, 995, J B Roes, London - Poole, ricken, and Co ' SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIA!, PRODtJCE. "«""» Dio 80 Lottery, for Colombo-600 casca korosnno, 211bairH flour, 24 tases biscuit-, 0 caseB jams, 1,895 bags bonn duBt DKO 81 Ceylon, as, for Port do Onllo -0 packages cocoons 2 paokoges silkworm eggs, 6 packages Btono, 6 casca drugs, (l8 p lcccs timber, doors, _e , 1 cask 2 boxes glassware, 10 boxes soap, 30 cases 1 hhd 1 quarter cask wlno, 76 hogs flour, 0 cases furnlturo, 6 casks tallow, 7 packages fancy gooda, 152 bales wool ia coses fruit, 21 packages hardware and sundries 2_ packages provisions, &c; ' Flodden, for Mauritius-4,800 bags animal guano 427 casks sulphate of ammonia, 40 tloreos* beef ' JAN 2 Llncolnshlro, for London -8,001 balts wotl Hs slabs and ingots tin, 1100 infinis coppor, lo casks Btono, 1,000 cases preserved meats 272 casks tallow l8 casks minorai earth 14 casks black sand, 112 cases antimony, 44 bales leather, 3 casca booka, 2 package. EUI di lea. ^ JAN 4 Canny Scot, for Boston -1 60s bales wool JAN 0 Cambridgeshire, for London-5703 bales wool, 370 hides, a quantity ol bones and horns (0 bales basils 160 Laics leather, 00 pipes 477 casks tallow, 6 quartern casks wine, J,bC6 casks preserved meat, 01 bales raus JAN 0 ^ Shannon, for London -J.970 bales wool, 60 bales leather, 22 balcB sheepskins, 1 3U0 cases preserved meats, D coses brushvvaro, 16 CHSCB effects, ¿te, 35* catks tallow, 1 quarter cask wine, 192 ingots speller 11,001 trenailB, 7 forn trees. * Koeea, for Manilla, via Nowcustle.-600 bogs flour. JA» II Great Queensland, for London -8 002 balea wool, 1,000 cases preserved meats, 81 líales basils 20 casks oil, 19 bags copra, 499 packages tallow, 81 bags anti, mony oro, 1,500 Ingots spelter JAN 13 British Nation, for London -5,0.4 bales wool, B13 casks tallow, 1,438 bags bark, 17 bales skins, 10 casks beiBwax, 49 casks antimony, 28 bales leather, 25 staves. JAR 14 Sarah Orlcc, for London -6 132 bales wool, SfO tons guano, 24 bales rags, 70 bales basils, 24 bales leather, 7 bales tklns, JAN l8 Somerset, for Hong Konj,, via Sydney and Singa- pore -20 cases butter, 2 cases »ax, 3 cases leather, li pieces lead, 2 boxes sovereigns (£5,345), and 7 packt DgcB containing 478o_ (.old Ben Cruachan, for London -0,213 bales wool, 10 bales leather, GIO casks tallow 4 packages effects, 40 ingots 1,074 bags antimony oro, 1,000 cases prtscrvt mcats, 47 bales basils, 1 case ferns JAK 20 Fanny Fisher, for Colombo -60 tons phosphato ol Umo, 7 cases butter, 260 tons bouedust JAN ii Fleur do-Lls, tor London -4 448 bales wool, 241 casks tallow, 701 cocea presen ed moats, 07 bale, scrolls, 40 bales basils, 14 eases 2 casks L,1UO, 102 talca skins 89 casks antimony, 20 bales tailors clfpjiings, 15 tons bones, 1,500 horns. PASSENGERS BY AND SÍNCE THE DE. PARTURE OF LAST MAIL Dec 31 Ceylon, R.M.S,S for Galle, &c; \- Passengers ' cabin--For Gleneig,-Mr and Mrs. Fisher, Mr Fitzherbert, Mr and Mrs St John, Sig Venull», Mr Martin, Mr Hill, Mr and Mrs Baker For King Georges Sound-Miss Cowden, Mrs Bramon, Mr Withenoon, Mr Stone, Mr Price Mr Ditchburn, Mr Youlton and son, Utv b A Hare Mr Major Fur Gallo-Mr S Baker Tor Bomhaj-Mlas EngliBh For Suez-Mr S M Gibbs Mr D Kayo lor Calcutta-Mr Jackson Tor Malta-Col and Mr Westropp For Anoona-Slg and SlgnoraTourncrlc. For BrlndlBl-Mr C B Smith -or Vcnlco-SlrG F. Bowen, Major ritt, A D O, Mr and Mrs Waterhouse, Mistes Yiatcrhouso (two), Mr Macmullcn, Mrs and Mu- Tracy, Mr Burch, Mr and Mrs Maekcnzc, three sons, and one child, Ml _ Mackel zio, Miss Lang- ham and Borvnnt, Mr Cooto, Mr I'arker, Slg Collin, »nfo, end two children,Captain.othorglll Mr Farrall, Mrs Bladcn Neill, Mr J Silverthorne Mr and Mis. Sw-nston and family (two) -or Southampton-Miss Macdonald Miss Martin Mr and Mrs Fairchild Mrs Pitcairn and child, Mr _. _. Soverns Mr J I hillip«, Mr J J Gillies, Mr Cooto, Mr J Joule, Mr Elliott. JAN 2 Lincolnshire, for London-Passengers-Ballon' Mr and Mrs George Peppin, Rev It. and lire I'oyndor, Mrs btlzabcth Irwin, Mrs Herbert ami sei vant Miss Peppin Miss Kate Peppin, Uxs Ellen Icp.tn, Misa Oertrudo Icppln, Mr George Peppin, Mr Henry Poppln, Mr 11 V Godfrey, Master A 1'ojnder, Master George Poyndor, Miss Margaret Pojndcr, Rev Edward llolicrly, Mr LcslloA Nichol ion Mr W Dave», Mrs Edwin Daves and servait, Lieutenant J D Fellows , and 27 in third clan JA» 9 Shannon, for London Passengers-saloon Mrs. J. Williamson family, and two servants, Mrs. Nowell ml Miss Now eil, Mr and Mrs W H Dickson, family, and servant, Mrs Follett, Mrs. Barlow, Mr and Ure. Lloyd Taylor, family, and sorvant, Mrs Burflcldand Miss Dutfield, Mr Matthews, Mrs Yenekcn and Miss Alice Yenekcn, Mr Breedon Mastor Geo Blackburn Treverton, Mr J H Woods, Mr O Mcnza, Mrs. BcnEon Miss Jacks, Mrs Stacpoole and servant, and 80 lu tho second and third classes Tlic following IB tho list of passengers by the Pera who had booked up to evening of 20th inst. -For Glenell.-Mr J S Woy Mr J tt. nines For King Georges Sound-Mrs. U Donohue child, and infant, Mies Armstrong Mr Anncar, sir Roase, detectirs i nd prisoner For Suet-Captain Raymond, Lieu. enont Tiétmon For Yokohama-Mr H B. wilton, Mr G'V Chadwick For Brindlsl-Mrs. J,-.Dick. Bon For Venice-Mr and Mm MacBalu Mr and 'Mrs Goldsbrough, Ms and Mrs Rosenthal loir children, Infant, and sorvant, Mr and Mrs TuoroT, Miss Ross, Mr Row Mr John Griee, Bltnor Branca! For Southampton-Mraf Haatlnga Cuiilnghatn Misses Cunlnfcham (two), and child, Mr an I Mrs. O J Clarke Dr and Mrs. Stodart, Miss Stodart, and lir, Stodart The follow Ing is tho list of taloon passengers booktd to date per steamer St. Osy th, to Ball positively Salur day, 80th January, for Capo of Good" Hopo and London' -Tbo Hon Joseph Tlsbor and-Mrs l'ishcr, Maslen! Herbort and Prank Fisher, MissGcrtrudo ruhor.llr and Mrs Scott, Miss Scott, ^jiaass Celia ami Allci Stott, Masters Robert, Thomas, and Campbell Scott, and servant, Mrs Menzies and two children Mr an Mrs Georgo P VA llson, Masters Georto and Norman Wilson, MIBS Lindsay und servaut, tlio Revs W B" Croxton and Dowling, Mrs. Dickson, Ules Dick' son, Misses Fanny and Edith Dickson, Mr J IV. Dickson, Mr D P Dickson, Master 0 U. Dickion, MliB Sempllle, Mrs Isles, flvo children, and servant, MlsBBcubb»,Mr Warne, Mr J Traill Mr F Bullen, Mr Joseph Dougall, Mr JO Gilbert MrAK Norton, Mr H II M Blndon, Mr A. M Orara Mr Alfred Arthur, Mr Blackburn, Mrllrluiroio Mr J T Kellett, Masters W R. andr O D Amesbury, Ita fessor Uasclmaycr, Miss Morgan, Mrs M Grath, three children, and stn ant Thero aro also over J50 boolvd In the second cabin, Intermediate, and steerage Passengers booked per McsBrs Money Wigram in I Son s screw steamship Somersetshire, le-vimf tot London on the 13th February next, W P -biteawl Co , agents -Mr and Mrs. Vi m Weaver, Mr and Mrs Raven and child. Mr end Mrs Oeo Tilles and two children, Mr and Mrs JncuPowell and chill lir and Mrs Chas Arncll and child, Mr and Mrs. IV 0 Turnbull,tlii.ochUdren,andservant Mrs hlingcndtr, MIBS Klingender, MIBS. Ernestine Kill (.eadtr, Miss Fannie Klingender, MIbs Minna Kluuindir. Master Ircdorick Klingender, Mr and Mrs. J , Normtvlo Mr andMlsS-Ccdham MissBell »Hi (o' children, Master R W W »ord, Master, lit _c» li Miss Fitzgerald1, Mrs and Miss King, Mesar« H Hutton, O A Bhrggl F I Incluí, Mr Justice Ched', Ure W H Lllcrker and child, Mrs Moore STOQ.KVAND SHAItr Tii-SDii, JAV 2O 1000000 Viet Gov Rlwy (local) 6 por cent 800000 Viet Govo-nmcnt (local) 5 percent 100000 Molbourno Corporation, 0 per cent. 10000 Ballarat Water, 8 per cent. \- Ballarat Munlcuul, 0J per cent \- Collingwood Gal 0 por cent. 60000 Melbourne GOB, 7 per cent. 63°00 Mell) "II B Uuitcd, 7 per cent 281400 Do , 0 per cent 110000 Do , 6 i cr cent 20000 iNtlsou (N _ ) Gov , 8 per cent, 072O000 ¡sew South Wales, ¡L per cent 5097i0 Do , 4 per cent * 6COO0O liscw Zetland, i per cent. ,, .600000 Queensland ipcrcoiit. 1101113 1*4 105-103 I PUBLIC COUPAKIBS. Ipcrcont, 26000 2 oooo 10 60, 76000 4 OO00 100000 £ J. f Bal Baillie, (Limit) lj Do , now Issuo 0J Colonial of Austral 4lConinicrclal of Aus t -Ha (Limite I) 2,Molh,»Bunk C rpo radon (Limite 1) 4lNatlonalit Aubtral »New South Wales ,. fVietorm(Milreg) \\\l>o (London rec, ) 2 Land Morte,a"o 10'New Zealand "6 Union 40 Australasia 25 Oriental 20,_ondou Chartered of Australasia | OAS com AM u 7Ballnn.t O'liendlko . 5 Castlemaine 6 Collin w d & Fltrroy OlDa)lCBford(Llinltcd) 4 Goolong ., Q! j-Molbourno ?! I IKBUItANCK. J'Australasian Tifo 1 Australian Allianco J National 1 Iro Iusur 1 Southern Invuranco IlVlotorlaLlfo-Gon. 26 Victoria. Iro "Mar MISCBtLAKPOUS 0 Gipps I ml SteamN 7JMaritime "General ICroditCo (Limit.) \- Molb Moat Prearvg U 16 1 UM in 1-000, 1 | lStudleylarkBridkO 7000 20 ,20,Victorian Ice .. 31 0d n I 60s Bl t.|i 51« mis ia 40s _« 21» «Ml frlnted and published by noon GSOBOB at tt« 