ABSTRACT OF NEWS. London. October 29. 1875. The annexation of New Guinea has attracted a great deal of attention during the past month. Letters discouraging colonization have appeared in the Times from Captain Moresby and Mr. Macfarlrae, and three long letters in reply have been published by Lieut. Armit, the promoter of the pioneer expedition. His pro- jected Company requires a capital of £100,000. Full details of Commodore Goodenough's murder have reached the Admiralty, and have been published in the newspapers. Annoyed by the frequent escapes of prisoners from New Caledonia, the French Government is concerting measures with Foreign Powers to prevent such occurrences in future. It is alleged that a secret Liberation Society exists at Sydney. A Bill has been introduced into the German Federal Council, the object of which is to check abuses in the transport and employment of Polynesian labourers by German subjects. This is intended to supplement British legislatien on the subject. Sir Charles DuCane, in distributing the prizees to the agricultural labourers in Essex, spoke of his experiences in Tasmania, and gave some judicious advice regarding immigration. Mr. Forster will deliver a lecture on "Our Colonial Empir"' in Edinburgh on the 5th November. Sir Charles Cowper, the Agent-General of New South Wales, expired on the evening of October 19, after several days of partial uncon- sciousness. He was interred in Highgate Ceme- tery. Mr. Samuel Wilson, of Victoria, and Charles MacMahon, Speaker, have received the honour of knighthood. Mr. William Wykeman Perry, Secretary to the late Commodore Goodenough, has been appointed Paymaster to Her Majesty's fleet. The Rev. George Clark, of Hobart Town, has received a warm welcome from the Congrega- tional Union, and spoke at one of its recent meetings in London. Two nests of humble bees have been shipped for Canterbury, under the care of Mr. John Hall. The object is to attempt the fertilization of common clover. A successful experiment has been made in England in manufacturing paper from Australiaa papyrus or sandrush. The sample is valued at £40 to £43 per ton. At a winding-up meeting of the Cospatricok Fund Committee the balance of £80 was distri- buted in additional grants. All hope of the safety of the ship Strath- more, bound for Otago, has been abandoned. As she had on board 20 tons of gunpowder and spirits it is feared she perished by explosion. She carried between 80 and 90 souls. The Rosario and Blanche have arrived at Chat- ham. The steamship Dido has been ordered home from the Australian Station. The steamer Edinburgh sailed on the 4th inst. with the shore end of the New Zealand cable. The Hibernia leaves shortly with 1,060 miles of the deep-sea portion. The work is expected to to completed in February. A successful trip has Ibeen made by the new steamer Clarence, built for the Clarense and New Zealand Steam Navigation Company. The ship Lady Jocelyn has sailed for Adelaide with 508 souls ; the St. James for Brisbane, with 365 emigrants ; and the Earl Dalhousie leaves Plymouth in November for Sydney, with emigrant?. Lloyd's Committee have asked for information respecting the Strathnaver, reported to have sailed from Sydney on the 27th April for London. Her loss will probably soon be posted. The Prince of Wales's Indian visit excites deep interest among all classes. There are not a few churlish objectors to the mission, but the general sentiment of the nation is favourable. On Saturday, the 9th Octobor, the Lord Mayor and Corporation attended at Marlborough House, and presented an address expressive o the sympathetic interest and good wishes of the country. On Sunday Dean Stanley, at West- minster Abbey, referred to the journey, and in nearly all places of worship the Prince was prayed for. During the week preceding his departure a large number of illustrious guests were entertained at Sandringham ; and on Sunday, the 10th October, there was a family gathering at Marlborough House. The first detachment of the Prince's party, including Sir Bartle Frere, started for Paris on Saturday evening. The Prince left Charing Cross by special train at 8 p.m. on Monday evening, the 11th October. The station was thronged with friends assembled to bid him farewell, and crowds were collected in the streets, who cheered the Prince while pass- ing. The Princess and the Dukes of Edinburgh, Connaught, and Cambridge accompanied him to Dover, and the Princess crossed over to Calais with her husband in the Castalia, returning by the same steamer. At Paris the Prince exchanged visits with Marshal MacMahon, and left on the 13th, safely reaching Turin on the following day, where he was received by Lord Alfred Paget and Victor Emmanuel's Aide- de-Camp. Leaving Turin on the morning of the 15th, he arrived at Brindisl early on the following day, where he was warmly greeted by several high functionaries, and salutes were fired in his honour by the British and Italian ironclads. The Prince, who waa in excellent health and spirits, then proceeded to the Serapis to breakfast. Before noon the Serapis steamed out of the harbour, escorted by the Italian Ironclads, and reached the Piraeus on Monday morning, the 18th. King George was there to receive the Prince, and they proceeded to the railway station, amidst artillery salutes and popular acclaim. At night Athens was illuminated, and a State dinner was given. Similar festivities took place on the following day, and the chief members of the Prince's suite received dacora- tions. On the 20th the Prince re-embarked, and reached Cairo late on Saturday evening, where he was met at the railway Station by the Khedive. Visits were exchanged on Sunday, and the British residents were received at the Consulate, and in the evening a dinner was given by the Khedive in honour of the Prince. On Monday the Prince invested the hereditary Egyptian Prince with the Grand Cross of the Star of India, visited the Pyramids, and attended the opera. Leaving Cairo on Tuesday afternoon the royal party reached Suez in the evening, and left for Bombay. It is stated that the Nizam's health is too delicate to permit of his visiting the Prince at Bombay. The Deccan, having on board most of the special Press correspondents, broke down near Gibraltar, and another vessel had to take them on. The Graphic and Illustrated London News have issued special Indian numbers. The Princess of Wales has retired to Sandring ham The Danish King and Queen axe paying a visit to England. They will stay till the middle of December, when the Princess and her children will return with them and spend Christmas at Copenhagen. The Queen is still at Balmoral. The Duke of Connaught, after his return from the German manoeuvres, left England for Gibraltar to take up a staff appointment there. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, since their return from the Continent, have retired to Eastwell Park. The Freedom of the City was conferred on Prince Leopold on the 25th inst. After the ceremony he was entertained at a splendid dinner. The Prince and Princess Christian, after six weeks' visit to Balmoral, have returned to Cumberland Lodge. Colonel Yule has been appointed to fill one of the vacancies in the Indian Council. Lord Napier, Commander-in Chief in India, resigns next spring, and will be sucoeeded by Sir Frederick Haines. The Duke of Buckingham, accompanied by his three daughters and suite, sailed on the 15th inst. to assume the Governorship of Madras. He will officially receive the Prince of Wales on the 6th of December. The Earl asd Countess Dufferin embarked last week at Liverpool on their return to Canada. On the 4th October Sir Garnet Wolseley landed at Plymouth on his return from Africa. The Cape papers speak in emphatic terms of the success of his mission. At a banquet given on leaving Durban Sir Garnet said he had traversed the length and breadth of Natal, and knew it was capable of becoming one of the brightest jewels in the British Crown. There was no need of prophetic gifts to foretell its destined future. It only rested with the colonists to convert what might now be considered a vision into a reality. Earl Carnarvon's proposed Confederation scheme is becoming so popular that the Cape Ministers who opposed it show signs of relenting. An extraordinary session of the Parliament was convened for the I0th November to consider the new organization. Mr. Froude, speaking at the Durban meeting, said he found the desire for federated self-government strong in the pro- vinces, and he believed the sectional differences which have hitherto impeded the desired union would be overcome. Mr. Froude has since received a princely reception at Grahamstown. According to the South African Mail, Sir Henry Barkly's administration at the gold- fields provokes serious complaints. War has broken out at Cape Palmas between the natives and the Government of Liberia. During the fighting on the 17th September 50 were killed and wounded, and a great battle was expected to follow. Two long letters have been received from Mr. Stanley from the interior of Africa. After great sufferings and sanguinary conflicts with hostile tribes he had reached the Victoria Nyanza, and thoroughly surveyed and explored the lake with his steam launch. General Johnstone, the Confederate com- mander, is reported to have accepted the supreme command of the Egyptian army, with a salary of 25,000 dollars. Advices from West Coast of Africa state that the British expedition agaitist the Congo pirates was about to commence operations. The Chinese difficulty has been pacifically arranged. A telegram from Mr. Wade, dated Pekin, October 7, states that he had obtained from the Chinese Government the guarantees he deemed necessary, and that Mr. Grosvenor would proceed to Yunnan. The concessions seem to have been extorted piecemeal. The Pekin Gazette has published an edict enjoining the proper treatment of foreigners in China. Foreign Ministers are henceforth to be per- mitted to communicate with the heads of pro- vinces and departments. Burmah has suc- cumbed, and unconditional permission has been accorded for the passage of British troops in case of need. The obnoxious Chinese General, Lee Seethai, has escaped and has been disgraced. The Margary outrage is to be avenged, and Messrs. Grosvenor and Baber have left Shanghai for Yunnan on a mission of enquiry. Sixty tons of Martini-Henry ammunition, shipped as London merchandise, has been landed at Shanghai for the Chinese Government. The matter is being investigated by the British authorities. Tne Empress Eugenie and Prince Louis Napoleon have returned to Chiselhurst. Mr. Thomas Thornhiil, a Conservative, has been returned unopposed for West Suffolk. The vacancy in the representation of the City of Armagh, through the death of Mr. Vance, has been filled by the return of Mr. De la Poer Beresford, a Conservative. At Sunderland, on two successive evenings, Dr. Kenealy was driven from the platform by the riotous proceedings of an organized band of opponents. Dr. Hugh McNeile has resigned the Deanery of Pipon in consequence of failing health. The Corporation of London have driven the first pile for a Thames steam ferry, and have held a civic fete at Epping, which included a long procession through the forest. Through the efforts of the City authorities 2,000 acres of land, which had been illegally enclosed, have been restored to Epping Forest, making its whole extent 5,000 acres. Those who have built mansions will have to pay quit rents. Another great metropolitan improvement is projected in the neighbourhood of Holborn. Four new streets are to be opened up at a cost of £374,500. Newnham Hall, Cambridge, the new ladies' college, has been opened, and 27 students received into the residence. The exhibitions and scholarships are open to competition. The Yorkshire College of Science in Leeds, established by the leading manufacturers of the county, was opened by the Duke of Devonshire. Forty thousand pounds have been collected, and lectures in connection with the institution have been given during the past twelve months. Lord Frederick Cavendish is President of the College. It has been decided by the Corporation to convert Nottingham Castle into a Fine Arts Museum, at a cost of £16,000, of which £10,000 has already been raised by public subscriptions. In memory of Mr. Candlish, late M.P. for the borough, a statue has been inaugurated in Sun- derland Park by Sir Henry Havelock. A Dublin Committee has been appointed to raise a memorial to the late Sir John Gray; £1,000 is already subscribed. The foundation-stone of an aquarium and skating-rink at Yarmouth has been laid by Lord Suffield. The estimated cost is £30,000. Mr. Thomas Jessop. a steel manufacturer of Sheffield, has undertaken to defray the entire cost of a Women's Hospital, amounting to £22,000. A large convent in connection with an English Church at Bournemouth has been formally opened, after a high celebration in the parish church, at which a clergyman from St. Alban's, Holborn, officiated. Another workmen's town, similar to the Shaftesbury Park estate at Battersea, is to be built near the Harrow-road, to accommodate 16,000 inhabitants. The Royal Aquarium and Wintsr Garden at Westminster will be opened in December. The reservoirs will require 750,000 gallons of sea water to be brought from Brighton in sealed barrels. An influential meeting at Bristol has resolved to erect a tower at the west end of the cathedral as a memorial to Bishop Butler. Mr. Gladstone on two successive days has entertained 850 cottage tenants in a tent near Hawarden Castle, and afterwards addressed them. By the arbitrary treatment of one of his tenant farmers Lord Darnley has provoked much public censure. The project of flooding the African desert continues to secure public support. The cost is stated roughly at three millions. Two seamen, who were imprisoned for re- fusing to proceed in an unseaworthy ship, have recovered £10 each and costs from the captain. Sir Stafford Northcote has made three ex- cellent speeches in the North, On the 6th he inspected some rock-boring in the River Tees, and laid the foundation-stone of the graving dock at Midilesboro'. On the following day he laid the foundation-stone of the Institute of the Cleveland Literary and Philosophical Society. Before the Norfolk Chamber of Agriculture Lord Kimberley has spoken on the working of the Poor Law. He is in favour of working it very sternly, refusing outdoor relief, and granting aid from the Imperial Exchequer only for in- door expenses. He contended that as labourers' wages had been increased they should be com- pelled to contribute more to their destitute relatives. Lord Derby has made two important speeches —one at Manchester after distributing the prizes of the Society for Promotion of Scientific Industry ; the other at Liverpool at a dinner given in his honour by the Mayor. After dis- cussing the Turkish and Chinese questions he announced the suspension of the Admiralty Circular on fugitive slaves. The public agi- tation and indignant protests from all quarters had begun to alarm the Government. The origin of the reactionary instructions is still involved in mystery, but the Foreign De- partment is strongly suspected. At a large public meeting at Bradford the Circular was denounced by Mr. Forster. Professor Fawcett, in opening the session of the Midland Institute at Birmingham, delivered an address on education, in which he took a hopeful view of the course of elementary instruction, assuming that in a few years enforced school attendance will have secured to every child a knowledge of reading, writing, and arithmetic. In addressing his constituents at Dundalk, Mr. Sullivan, remarking upon the political situation, observed that Mr. Disraeli had a large party, but not a strong one. The day is not distant when the Tories will hold office only on sufferance, while the Whigs will be too weak to take their places. Tne destinies, not only of Ireland, but of the British Empire, would then be in the hands of the Home Rule party. The Social Science Congress waa held at Brighton from the 6th to the 13th instant. Lord Aberdare's inaugural speech was devoted to crime and pauperism. The attendance at the various sections was far from encouraging. The selection of Brighton was obviously a mis- take. Liverpool is fixed for the next year's meeting. Several religious bodies have held their gatherings during the month — the Church Con- gress at Stoke-upon- Trent; the autumnal session of the Congregational Union in London; the Baptist Union at Plymouth; and the Synod of English Presbyterians at Liverpool. The Bishops and clergy of the Establishment are considering the propriety of concessions to Dissenters, in anticipation of early legislation on the burial law. The disinterred remains of Guibord are to be buried in Montreal Cemetery, under military protection. The Catholic Bishop, in his pastoral, has warned his flock not to interfere as before. To pacify them, he declares the ground will be accursed the moment the body is laid in it. The Papist fury has provoked Protestant reprisals. A crowded public meeting at Glasgow has passed some strong resolutions condemnatory of the present attitude assumed by the Romish Church. The police force, which since June has pro- tected Father O'Keefe's house, having been withdrawn, the premises were last week plun- dered and totally wrecked by a lawless gang of men, who defied the authorities. The father is reduced to utter destitution. Twenty-eight men are in custody. Mr. Gladstone has written an article in the Church Quarterly Review on the Church and State question in Italy. Birkenhead has decided by a large majority of votes against a School Board. The Council of Queen's College, Birmingham, has unanimously declined to admit female students to that institution. The surviving heroes of the Balaklava charge have been handsomely entertained with a ban- quet and fete at Alexandra Palace, the directors bearing all expenses. Mr. Pennington recited Tennyhson's "Six Hundred" in the banqueting room, and Mrs. Stirling subsequently in the Theatre. Crimean relics were on exhibition in Central Hall, including a horse 26 years old. Sixty silver medals, bestowed by the Royal Geographical Society, have been presented to Livingstone's native followers at Zanzibar. A sham fight has taken place at Wimbledon between about 2,000 of the Household troops. Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar commanded the attacking party, and Colonel Fletcher the defence. The Commander - in - Chief witnessed the manoeuvres of the troops of the Southern Divi- sion in an imaginary attack and defence of Hayling Island, near Portsmouth. The Lords of the Admiralty have paid their annual visit to Devonport Dockyard, when the Iron Duke was examined. After inspesting the Royal Marine Artillery their Lordships repaired to Chatham. The Boadicea, an ironclad of a new type, has been launched at Portsmouth. The attempt to raise the Vanguard by means of enormous masses of cork has failed. The attempt is abandoned till next spring. An Admiralty minute on the court-martial on the loss of the Vanguard excites great dissatis- faction. Their Lordships decide that no further investigation is necessary ; that the high rate of speed during the fog did not contribute to the disaster, which was occasioned by the reduction of the Vanguard's speed and the improper shearing out of line of the Iron Duke, under the orders of her sailing officer, Lieut Evans, who is dismissed his ship. No blame is attached to Captain Hickley, of the Iron Duke, and Vice Admiral Tarleton is censured only by implica- tion. The sentences on the Vanguard officers are approved. The Inman steamer City of Berlin has made the swiftest passage on record between New York and Queenstown— 7 days 15 hours 20 minutes. The Pandora, fitted out at the joint charge of Lady Franklin and Captain Young, has returned from Baffin's Bay, bringing favourable news of the Alert and Discovery. The records left by Captain Nares at Carey Islands on 27th July state that the season was an open one, and there was every prospect of reaching a high latitude before they were frozen up. All were well. The progress of the Pandora having been arrested by block ice, Captain Young resolved to return to England. The direct cable having been broken off New- foundland, the Anglo-American Company have raised their tariff to 4s. per word, which they propose to maintain. A court-martial will be held on Prince Leiningen and Captain Welsh, of the Alberta, as soon as the Civil Court enquiry is disposed of. Mr. Heywood has not yet made any claim on the Government for the value of the Mistletoe,but a private arrangement will probably be made. The Queen has incurred much unpopularity through this affair. The city authorities have resolved not to invite the Honduras, Paraguay, and Costa Rica Ministers to the Mayoral banquet on 9th November. A sentence of three years' imprisonment, and the restitution of £90,000 stolen from the Im- perial Ottoman Bank, has been passed on four of the persons principally concerned in the robbery. The National Agricultural Labourers' Union have held a Conference at Oxford. On the first day Mr. Dixon, M.P., presided, and the report drawn up by Mr. Morley and Mr. Hughes was read. Mr. Jenkins spoke on the second day. The officers have been vindicated, and harmony is restored. The Trades Union Congress held its sittings at Glasgow .from the 11th to the 16th inst. This organization assumes more and more the func- tions of a rival Parliament. All kinds of national subjects are introduced and discussed. A scheme is proposed for the consolidation of all trade societies having 1,000 members into one gigantic association. The North Wales colliers have refused to accept the decision of Mr. Serjeant Wheeler, the umpire, that the reduction of 15 per cent proposed by the masters was reasonable, The Stockton iron shipbuilders have resumod work at 7£ instead of 10½ per cent, reduction. The proposed arrangement for fixing the price for puddling during the first six months of next year throughout the North has temporarily broken down. Meanwhile, the state of the iron and ooal trades is extremely gloomy. ln South Wales, too, there are apprehensions of a further reduction of wages. New difficulties have arisen among the coal and ironstone miners of Warwickshire, which threaten to prevent the resumption of work. Iron shipbuilding on the Clyde continues in a depressed condition. The threatened strike of Great Northern employes has been averted, Several hundreds of farm labourers are on strike against a reduction of wages from 14s. to 13s. per week. In some districts the reduction has been successfully resisted. A new Labourers' Union has been formed, under the auspices of Professor Newman, par- taking of the character of a Land Tenure Reform Association. There is an extensive strike among the North Wales colliers in the Oswestry, Chirk, and Ruabon districts. With a few exceptions, the men have brought their tools from the pits, as they decline to accept Serjeant Wheeler's award of 15 per cent, reduction in wages. The Whltechapel tragedy has entered upon a new phase by the arrest and examination of Wainwright's brother Thomas. He admits having purchased the chopper and spade found near the grave of the murdered woman; he Is proved to have frequently visited Harriet Lane under the assumed name of Mr. Frieake; and the letter and telegram professing to account for the woman's disappearance are traced to him. He has therefore been charged as accessory to the murder alter the fact. Both brothers have been committed for trial, and are now in New- gate, and the Grand Jury has brought in true bills. A ghastly tragedy of a similar character has been reported from Italy. A young girl was seduced, decoyed from her home, and afterwards murdered by a student, who cut up the body, packed it in a case, and dispatched it by rail to Rome. The police are on the track of the murderer. The man who committed the murderous assault on Miss Soper, the housekeeper, who had charge of a confectioner's shop in the Borough, one Sunday morning in September, has not been captured. Mr. Charles Bradbury, printer of the English- man, after having been committed for trial for libel on George Potter, apologized, and has been released. He has relinquished his connection with that scurrilous paper. Ahmed Kenealey has been summoned at Hartlepool County Court by a bill-poster for value of services rendered during the recent election. A Greek merchant named Maviocordato, com- mitted for trial on charge of obtaining a large quantity of foreign bonds by fraudulent pre- tences, has been sentenced to five years' im- prisonment. The Newmarket Second October Race Meeting was unusually successful. There was a great muster of horses, the weather was favourable, and the attendance good. Thirty-six runners started for the Cesare witch, and were got away at the first attempt The winner was Prince Soltykoffs Duke of Parma; Pageant was a close second, and Perplexe third. Duration of race 4 min. 7 sec. Extraordinary interest was excited on the 13th by a great match between Galopin, the winner of the Derby, and Lowlander, a gigantic cheenut Immense Bums wore staked. Galopiu won by a length. On the 14th 30 two-year-olds started for the Middle Park Plate, which was won by Petrarch, belonging to Lord Clifden; Madeira and Heurte bise were four lengths behind. Time, 1 J min. On the 23th a laige field of 36 contended for the Cambridgeshire Stakes, resulting in favour of Sutton, who won easily by a length and a half from Lord Gowran, while Grey Palmer came iu third. Sutton was favourite. Lord Aylesford's horses were sold at New. market on the 13th. Julius Casjar fetched £3,300 ; Southern Cross colt, £1,300 ; Dukedom, £1,200 ; and Leveret, £1,100. Twenty-eight hunters belonging to Sir Thomas B. Lennard averaged] by auction 172 guineas each. Mr. Hemming'8 famous kennel of greyhounds, numbering 14, have been sold by auction. The highest price was 135 guineas, for Peasant Boy. A week later Mr. David Jones, of Conway, sold his kennel of 25, when Barmby waa bought by Mr. McQuade for 135 guineas, and will be Bent to Australia, Mr. Jones haa already left for the colonies. The Lurgan Open Coureing meeting com menced on the 11th, and concluded on the 15th amidst much enthusiasm. The three events were — The Brownlow Cup, 64 dogs, all ages ; Raughlan Stakes, 64 dogs, puppies ; Derryma cpsh Stakes, 64 bitch puppies. Mr. Hutchinson's Honeymoon won the Brownlow Cup, being the second time. Mr. Hornby's Hematite again won the .Raughlan Stakes ; and Mr. Dyke's Don't Fcrget carried off the Derrymacash Stakes. At the annual tournament of the Aberdeen Golf Club the Cup presented by Prince Leopold wsb won by Captain Fordyce, of Brucklay; and Mrs. Fordyce's gold croes waa won by Mr. W. G. Roy with 157 strokes. A grand aquatic fete and swimming races took place at the Alexandra Palace on the 11th, and the prizes were presented by Captain Webb. After the distribution a purse of 50 guineas, the gift of the Company, was presented to the champion swimmer. Cabtain Boynton has floated down the Rbina from Basle to Strasburg ; he started at 5 in morning and landed at 8 in the evening, much exhausted by battling with currents. Two Frenchmen, members of the Velo Spore Society, started from Paris on thejl2th on a bicycle excursion to Vienna. One of them accomplished the journey in 12 days. Mr. Tyler, the Irish Champion Bicyclist, has ridden from London to Southampton, 77 miles, in 8 hours 20 minutes, including stoppages. On the 26th Stanton started at Lilliebridgo Grounds on a 650 miles bloyole ride, to be covered in eight consecutive days, fora £100 stake. Fires.— -In Russia a small town, chiefly In habited by Jews, has been destroyed, and 3,000 persons rendered destitute. A large hotel in Berlin, costing a million thalers, haa been seriously damaged by fire ; 100 rooms were occupied when the firo broke out, but the inmates escaped. Mr. Hankey's newly- erected mansioH, St. James' Park, has been partly destroyed ; the observatory, instruments, and organ costing £3,500, consumed ; damage, £45,000. Messrs. Wood & Cocksedge'a agri cultural implement wotkB, Stowmarkot; damage, £9,C00. Messrs. Inglis k Wakefield's calico piinting works, near Glasgow ; damage, £15,000. Messrs. Fenton k Co.'s cutlery works, Sheffield. Mr. Bradley's woollen mill at Morley ; £2,000 worth of machinery destroyed. The Scotch Tweed Mill at Brampton ; damage, £28,000. The Dewsbury Pioneers Industrial Co- operative Stores ; damage, £6,000. Swedish steamer, bcund from lubeck to Copenhagen, burnt ; 21 paj-Eengere and 11 of the crew perished. Damage to extent of a million francs haa been caused by a fire in the Brest Araenal. By the collapse of houses in Liverpool and Dublin two lives were saciificed and many persons injured. By a colliery explosion near Bristol four men were killed and five severely injured. Three men lost their lives while sinking a shaft ib a pit near Mansfield. The chain broke, precipitating them to the bottom. Obstructions having been placed on tho rails of a linein Canada a passenger train was thrown off, killing 10 persons and badly injuring 13 ethers. By a boiler explosion at Messrs. Morris's shads works, near Stourbridge, one man was killed and 15 injured. The works were wrecked. Melancholy tales of disaster from gales and floods reach us from all quarters. Indian advices report calamitous floods at Ahmodabad, em braced in the Prince of Wales's tour. Half the city was inundated, and 20,000 persons rendered homeless. Qreat distress prevailed. Trieste has been invaded by a flood tide/inun dating streets a foot deep. Bordeaux haa been visited by a furious hurricane, bjr which trees wero torn up, gardens wasted, chimneyB blown down, and telegraphs interrupted. Numerous wrecks are reported from the Northern seas, with heavy loss of life. In England there have been a succession of gales, accompanied by sad marine disasters and relentless descents of rate, followed by floods almo.st ba alarming as those from which the country suffered fn July. One hundred and seventy-four persons are ascertained to have perished in the Texan inun dations. The losses by inundations in tho south of France are officially stated at four millions sterling. The subscriptions received at the Treasury exceed one million. The Mansion House Fund amounted to £26,497. Owing to the action of the flood Messrs. Hughes k Son's carpet manufactory at Kidder minister fell with a terrific crash. At Notting ham eight persons were drowned by the overflow of the Trent. Obituary.— Dr. Forbes, Bishop of Brechin, and disciple of Dr. Pusey; Rer. T. Woodward, Dean of Down; Charles Turner, M.P. for South West Lancashire; Alderman John Patersoa; Harvey Drummond, banker. Charing Cross ; Rev. Sir W. A. Musgrave; M. Carpoaux, French sculptor; Mr. George Coulson James, by an epi leptic fit while addressing a public meeting; Count Moltke-Begentred, Danish Minister fer Foreign Affairs; Sir Charles Cowper; Dr. Hook; Dean of Chichester; Rev. W. E. Jelf : Professor Wheatstone, electrician; Mr. J. F. Danby, artist; Sir James Hill, chief charity commis sioner; Mrs. Black, Byron's ?? Maid of Athens,' aged 76. M. Gounod, composer, is seriously ill from a fall down a stone staircase in Paris. At Southampton an undertaker and his wife are in custody for having on their premises a large number of unburied bodies of children, some quite decomposed. Great excitement prev&us; throughout the town. 