NEWS BY THE MAIL. The English mails, as anticipated in yesterday's Mercury, arrived in Hobart Town by Page's coach yesterday morning, and were de , livered about ten o'clock. The following items are from the Associated Press telegrams, that appeared in the Melbourne papers of Wednesday, and are supplementary to, or explanatory of, what has previously appeared in The Mercury: FRANCE. PARIS, Dec. 25th. The revelations in the Arnim trial, of Prince Bismarck's views, and of his policy towards French parties, have excited great indignation amongst ¡ politicians.. In the documents produced in court, I Bismarck is seen upholding the Republic as the I weakest Government France could have, rejecting the , Bourbons us Ultramontanes and likely to find ' monarchical allies, and next to the Republic approving the Bonapartists, as unlikely to promote a war of j revenge. Parties are much irritated, and taunt each other with Bismarck's approval or condemnation. I After a series of uninteresting discussions, the I Assembly adjourned on the 24th for three weeks. The municipal elections in Paris ended in a ' Radical triumph. Of 80 wards, 60 at least returned Radicals and Moderate Republicans. Only 12 Conservatives were chosen, although the vote was a ! heavy one at Versailles, Toulouse, Mort, Troyes, 1 Compiegne, and other towns, the second ballot was favourable to the republicans. A bill has been passed rendering foreigners born in France liable to conscription if they have not performed military service in their own country, A new Press Bill, in: course of preparation, will em- power the Government to suspend newspapers as a preventive measure, and fines will he considerably increased. The Emperor of Russia has conferred on Marshal MacMahon the highest rank in the Order of St. Andrew. The Union has been suspended for a fortnight for attempting to implicate the Government to a conspiracy in favour of the Prince Imperial. v 'ii SPAIN. | The Carlist leader Lozano was shot at Albacete for assassination and robbery. Great dissensions are reported from Catalonia between the partisans of Don j Carlos and of Don Alfonso. General Labello ordered Ilobatona, the founder of the first Carlist newspaper, to be shot. Mr. M'Leod a young Englishman, seized by Carlists and detained for ransom, has been released A battalion of reserves in Madrid, having been ordered to the north, mutinied, but were reduced to submission by a large military force. The German Minister has quitted Madrid on six month's leave of absence. GERMANY", &c.; There have been exciting scenes in the German Parliament during the debates on intervention in Spanish affairs, and on Alsace and Lorraine, and also on the abolition of the envoy to the Vatican, and the arrest of members. During the sittings of the House a conflict between the Parliament and the Government arose out of the arrest of Deputy Msgimoe, editor of the Ultramontane paper, (Germania, to undergo a sentence of a year's imprisonment for violation of the press laws. Parliament passed a resolution nfiiruiiiiif the inviolability of its members, and Prince Bismarck interpreted this as an equivalent vote of want of confidence, and tendered his resignation, which the Emperor refused to accept Nineteen men belonging to a band of assassins have been tried at Ravenna, and eleven sentenced to hard labour for life ; four were condemned for from seven to fifteen years, and the rest acquitted. It is reported that the creation of new cardinals is postponed till Elster. Numerous bishops have been appointed The King of Belgians has founded an annual prize (tl,UUU) for the best work on historical coming curl, or artistic subject. Twenty thousand forged preference coupons of the Eastern Railway, Hungary, have been seized at Perth, and the plant destroyed. Impur mat measures for the reorganisation of the army and navy have been introduced into the Danish Parliament. Some brilliant experiments with new Austrian guns have produced excitement in military circles. They proved superior to Krupp's. EXTENSIVE FIRES. On the hill a' destructive fire broke out in the business centre of Boston, U S ; the loss is estimated at 1,000,000 dollars. A great fire at Lille destroyed one of the oldest and most important punting officer in France, belonging to Messrs. Daniel. Many rare books were consumed. The loss is about £60,000, and only very partially insured. A cotton mill, near Oldham, containing 24,000 spindles, was burnt to a total wreck, involving a loss of £2 ô,000. A spinning mill in Dundee was part ally destroyed, causing £12,000 damage, and depriving 300 persons of employment. Collins's large carriage manufactory at Oxford was destroyed by fire ; the loss is valued at £40,000. It was only partially insured. The Great Western Railway works at Readmit were burned, the damage being ¡£30,000, and 400 people were deprived of employment Littleton -house, near Staines, the residence of the late General Wood, has been consumed, and several valuable pictures l destroyed. We have only room to-day for the following extracts from files received :- " ', PRESIDENT GRANT'S MESSAGE The following is a summary of President (Grant's Message, read in Congress Pen. "th, and telegraphed to We Time. I Respecting foreign relations, the President states that they are friendly and nowhere disturbed, except as regards the unsettled question pending with Venezuela, which has not paid the awards made by the Convention of 1886, and the question still unsettled with Sp du in regard to the Virginius, and other grievous proa findings of that Power in connection with Cuba. " The magnitude of these offences," says the President, " but not been reduced since my previous Message to Congress. This unsettled condition of affairs cannot long continue. It will become necessary for other nations, in conjunction with our own to terminate the insurrection which has so long prevailed, and which Spain has unsuccessfully attempted to suppress. During its continuance the commerce of all countries, especially that of the United States, suffers, and the flags of the United States and of England have been invited " The President hoped the present negociations with Spain had ended, but he has been disappointed. Little or nothing is said about the indemnity, but the President announces that he leaves the matter in ( form the subject of a special Message to Congress. Regarding the financial situation, the President strongly recommends the resumption of specie payments at the earliest practicable date, but does not believe it can be attained before January, 1879. He leaves Congress to devise the means of securing the desired result. The legal tender clause of the Rural rency Act will have to be repeated, and on account of its bearing on contracts it will be necessary to alter the date already fixed by law for the repeal of the legal tenders. Power must be given to Mr. Bristow to obtain gold on and after the, date fixed for the resumption of specie payments by the issue of bonds. The revenues of the Government must also be made to exceed the expenditure in order to support such resumption, and greater economy must be exercised in all departments. If necessary, the Customs, and Internal Revenue Laws must be changed in order to secure a larger revenue. With the return of specie payments banking will be free Bi|l-ho|dors will continue to be protected as under the present banking law There should, then, be no indication of the volume of the currency, at the community determines the amount required for business purposes. The duty of Congress will be to regulate the free banks and to lay down the conditions of their organization. No monopoly should be granted by fixing the amount of issue. The President recommends no further interference in the present Currency Act, unless in conformity with the plan of resuming specie payments. The Message makes no recommendations, respecting internal improvements, merely referring to the appointment of the Goonnlltee upon Transportation routes to the Seaboard, whose Report <. 'submitted to Condren, ' Bf ucV space is devoted in the Message to the affairs of Arkansas. The President. states his reasons for declining to interfere in the recent difficulties in that State, and adverts to his special Message' of February, 1874, relative to Louisiana, wherein he made no specific recommendation, but earnestly requested legislation on the subject. The President will sup port the Government recognised and upheld by the State Courts, and will again submit the question to Congress. He will set as heretofore, unless controlled by Congress. President Grant reiterates his confidence that the Indian peace policy is securing additional beneficial results, and will ultimately free the frontier from Indian depredations. He adheres closely to Civil Service reform, as competition has given beneficial n suits in elevating the capacity and tone of those filling public appointments. It is impossible, however, to continue reform, though sanctioned by the people, if unsupported by Congress. The Message recommends a Court of Adjudication upon the claims of aliens, and invites legislation respecting the present system of Chinese immigration, Which, as carried out with regard to women, has a demoralizing effect upon the community. The President refers to the visit of King Kalakus, and announces that he will have a State reception. REPORT OF CONGRESS. Mr. Robeson, Secretary of the Navy, in his annual Report to Congress, announces that the cruising vessels of the United States have been increased to IA. The Report of Mr. Bristow, the Secretary of the Treasury, states the receipts during the last fiscal year to have been $322,000,000, and the expenditure $302,000,000 He estimates that next year the receipts will be $283,000,000, and the expenditure $273,000,000. The Sinking Fund, which is not included in the expenditure, will absorb $32,000,000. The exigencies requiring the issue of notes have passed, and the time for redemption has arrived. The power, for of Hooting this rests with Congress. The Secretary recommends that on an early and fixed day the notes shall cease to be legal tender, but that, as regards contracts already made time shall be given for the people and banks to prepare, so that there may be a gradual process preventing any violent contraction of credit values, or a sudden increase of the obligations of debtors. The time should not be extended beyond three years or less, accordingly as Congress may recommend. The immediate conversion of legal tender notes into bonds at a low rate of interest, while inviting conversion would not operate oppressively upon debtors. The authority given for the bonds would be a security for their circulation at the National Banks. The Secretary should be authorised to issue a loan for the total amount of notes unconverted at the time of the resumption, of specie payments, and the banks would hold gold reserves preparatory to the resump- tion. The Secretary expects that on the resumption of specie payments gold will flow into the country in obedience to the law of supply and demand. Free bank- ing might safely be allowed; and the deficit of coin as a circulating merlin o might he supplied by bank notes convertible into coin. The country has not yet recovered from the disasters caused by the excessive development of speculative enterprises, over-trading-, and the inflation of credit The establishment of a sound medium of exchange for irredeemable paper would tend to restore confidence and revive industry and business. The report recommends the abolition of the tax on bank checks, matches, perfumes, cosmetics, and drugs, to be replaced by an additional 10 cents, per gallon on spirits. The removal of the duty on tea and coffee has decreased the revenue largely, without benefiting the customers. Mr. Bristow concludes by recommending the appointment of a Commission to report upon the whole question of the tariff. TERRIBLE RAILWAY ACCIDENT, (From The Times, 25th December.] A dreadful railway accident, in which 31 persons were killed and upwards of 70 wounded, occurred yesterday morning on the Great Western Railway line, a few hundred yards from the village of Hamp- ton Gay, and close to Shipton-on- Cherwell. The train, like most of those despatched at this season, contained a large number of passengers, most of whom were visiting friends for the Christmas. They were being conveyed in 13 carriages, with two engines, from the Great Western station at Otford at 5 40, to Birmingham, and the north. The train, which was half an hour late, proceeded safely for about six miles, when the fire of a wheel of a third-class carriage broke. and immediately left the metals, and for at least 300 yards plunged along over the sleepers, many of which were cut in two, and rushed over a wooden bridge across the River Cherwell. Between this bridge and a similar bridge over the Oxford and Birmingham Canal the carriage was thrown down the embankment, at was evident from a deep Bear cut in the ground, and dragged after it several others. It was here that the accident occurred. The train was travelling at the rate of 40 miles an hour, and the impetus given to the carriages as they left the rails carried them with a terrible force for a long distance until they were finally dashed to pieces in the meadows below. Three carriages and a luggage van were deposited beyond the canal. One carriage carried away one of the stone abutment of the bridge and fell in splinters into the water. Thefragmentof the two carriages, turned wheels upwards, were literally strewn about the embankment and one carriage was hurled right across the up line on to the bank. The front part of the train continued its course for some distance. There can be no doubt whatever that, in the case of the majority of the victims, death was instantaneous. The overturned carriages, the heartrending shrieks of the injured, the dead bodies seen in all directions, and the scattered luggage, combined to render the spectacle horrible in the extreme, The more slightly injured at once set to work with praiseworthy alacrity to help their distressed fellow-travellers Large fires were lighted along the embankment from the broken carriages, and thither the wounded went in dismal groups, while others sat disconsolately in the snow, apparently overcome with the magnitude of the disaster and their own providential camps from fearful death. The lad occurrence was witnessed from the Hampton Gay paper-mill by the workmen, who apprised their master, Mr. R Langton Pearson, of it, and the mill was immediately stopped and they proceeded to the spot, about' a quarter of a mile from the mill Mr. Pearson and his men at once proceeded to rescue the sufferers, some of whom they conveyed SB fast as possible to the manor house at Hampton Gay. Owing to the distance, however, from this place, great difficulty was experienced by Mr. Pearson in removing them, while hardly any assistance was sent to him from the neighbouring stations, two of which were within light of the accident Mr. Pearson gives the time that elapsed before any of the officials arrived at upwards of an hour, but it is charitable to suppose that he is in error. Probably the delay arose through its being the workmen'! dinner hour. At the earliest opportunity telegrams were dot patched to Oxford and other places for medical assistance ; but here, again, there was considerable delay, and it was about an hour and a half before a doctor appeared Mr Mullan), Surgeon of Oxford, being the first on the spot. He was followed by Mr. Parry, of Kidlington, Mr. F. Symonds and Mr. G. Hitchins, of Oxford, men, who were most unremitting in their attentions upon the unfortunate sufferers whom they earned to be conveyed in a special train as quickly at possible to the Radcliffe Infirmary at Oxford, to. The scene at the Oxford station was most exciting, a it had by this time become known throughout the city that a dreadful accident had happened, and hundreds of persons presented themselves, in the fear that relatives and friends had been victims On the arrival of the train it was discovered that four of the wounded had succu.m.bed, three men and a child, but on applying as late as 8 o'clock last evening, we were informed the bodies were locked in a van at the station, and that no information could be afforded as to their identity. Most of the wounded and dying were conveyed without loss of time to that excellent institution, the Radcliffe Infirmary, while others were sent to New College, Jones's Railway Hotel, the Randolph Hotel, the King's Arms Hotel!, &a;" where they received the best medical assistance. At the Infirmary 50 patients were counted Some wonderful escapes were mentioned in Oxford last evening, and among them is that of a gentleman sitting with his nephew between his knees, who was unhurt, while the young man was killed in a compartment containing U persons, five of whom were relatives, the latter are' said to have escaped totally, while of the remaining six none survived. Two ladies were thrown on to the up line out of a carriage, which was immediately shattered to pieces. The work of extricating the dead and wounded from the rubbish was a most difficult and painful one. Not only were they got out one by one, but by threes and fours, and underneath the fragments of one carriage no less than 13 dead bodies were found. One man was jammed into the ground across the loins by the buffer of a third-class carriages, and it was three hours before the fragments could be raised sufficiently to extricate him. As they were removed from the wreck, they were placed on the side of the line, and were then conveyed on hurdles and other extemporised beer to a shed adjoining the paper- mill. Here in an hour or two lay a row of dead bodies; were mutilated beyond description, from the old man to the child of tender years The dead were carried across a ditch, | over which the tide of a carriage served as a bridge, and in the she'd above alluded to, the shocking talk was performed of searching the bodies with a view to identification. Hero Captain Owen, the Chief Constable of the county, General Devereux, from the ford, and Mr. Majoribanks, a. resident in the neighbourhood,, rendered invaluable aid, and it was about a couple of hours before the painful duty was accomplished Lord Randolph Churchill and several ladies from Hlenheim-paluoe, with a Christian feeling which entitles them to the heartiest gratitude, administered nourishment and stimulants to those who stood in need of them. While the ghastly work of identification was proceeding, the police, under the direction of Inspector Bowen, had great difficulty in keeping the crowd out of the pines, and the thanks of the Press are deservedly due to Captain Owen and hit anhprdinataa Ihr their readiness in supplying information and for their courtesy. , ' sic canal bridge, curious to say, although carriages j have been h'uiM right and left of it, it Hill stamping, but it's timbers have sustained a fearful shaking. While the work of getting out the dead was in pro- rest, . w«IKdr«M*d was attempted to steal the watch of a gentleman, who is one of a respectable ^rW9ffo|jc||waT Woodrtcok, tad, being 4i4«|v4 I will be 1 ' 1, in the act, he was roughly treated by the crowd. "He was safely handed over to f he custody of the police, and locked up. As darkness fell upon the scene, the exertions on the part of the workmen were suspended for the night. The repairing of the line was, however, actively proceeded with. It is believed by persons on the spot that there are some bodies still under the ice of the canal, but to-morrow's search will disclose the real truth of these assumptions. Hundreds of people from Oxford drove over to Billington, and thence to Hampton, in vehicles of every description, but without being enabled to render much assistance. As to-day is Christmas Day, the coroner's inquisi- tion will be deferred until Saturday, when it is understood the cause of the accident will be investigated by the coroner for the Oxford district of the county, Mr. William Brunner, who has presided at several disastrous railway collisions and accidents during his long term of office. In discussing the accident on the spot, it was suggested that if the train had been provided (and probably it was) with a confinees cord communication throughout, on the first symptom of danger the alarm could have been given to the drivers of the engine, and that, possibly, the train might have been pulled up, or his speed materially slackened and thus have prevented to a great extent the awful character of the catastrophe. A rumour was current that the carriage which (gave way, was an old one, and had not been used for a considerable 'time, but the authenticity of this statement is a matter which will doubtless be cleared up at the inquiry which will follow. e, ., A little child' was saved and taken to the neighbouring village of Thrupp. No owner has been found for it. On our reporter's way to the scene he encountered two youths who were in the accident, whose nerves had not recovered the shock, and whose persons bore evidence of the dreadful nature of the accident, and who, not wishing to lose time, were journeying on foot to Foxcombe-hill, Wootton, to spend their Christmas with their friends. Their names are Frederick Ashfield and W. Colmore. Among those who escaped without injury are the Rev. James Stack, of New Zealand, missionary resident at Portsmouth, who was accompanied by Miss K. H. Stack. He and Miss Stack were almost miraculously preserved from hurt, as he made several attempts to enter the part of the, train destroyed. Mr. and Miss Stack are staying at the Maidenhead Hotel. At 12 30 we were still without the names of the four persons who lie dead at the Great Western Railway Station. No more deaths have been announced up to this hour, but several are anticipated in fact, it is thought 30 will not cover the ultimate loss of life. Captain Tyler, the Government official, is expected to visit the scene of the accident to-day. The canal was dragged, but without any further discovery, although an impression prevailed last night that there are some more bodies in the water. The guard, John Price, escaped, with a slight injury, and the stoker and engine-driver were uninjured, Several leamington passenger) were in the train at K¡rtltpgtO!i,and yesterday afternoon reached theirdes sensation, some maimed and wounded. One gentleman, who has gone on to Leicester, was in a compartment where seven out of the nine occupants were killed. He was stunned by the accident, and awoke to consciousness to find his companions, with one exception deal. He assisted in rescuing several passengers from the fragments of the train. He saw 26 dead bodies. One lady expired as he removed her body from the wreck, he was, himself cut and bruised about the head, and suffering from severe book. Miss Carrie Packs, of Leamington, was among the injured, and lies at Leamington, suffering from the shock and severe injuries about her head. Mr Edward Field, second son of Mr. Algernon Field, Solicitor, Leamington, has been taken back to Oxford but was not severely injured. Sir. Hamer, of SnRterfield, and Mr. Cooper, of Hanloy-in-Arden, two Warwickshire farmers, escaped comparatively uninjured, and were able to drive home on reaching Leamington. The greatest consternation and excitement prevailed at Leamington when the accident became known, intensified by the impossibility of obtaining accurate information, the telegraph wires having been broken. 