NEWd *JJY THE IvIaLL. From files to hand per B.M.S. Nubia wa ex tract iho following:— Mr John iUitchel, the recently-elected member f«r ripp-rary, died at Dromalane, near >.'cwry, 0:1 1.0fc.i March. The event was not unexpected. H wa* known that before he left, lv<;w \\\,ik (h» physicians vrbo th',TO ai-ii- nded 11:111 v.evo ff opinion that hi.; *m,;ll Htook of sirei^th wi.sfaM ebbing away. was t\\\pp<ujed that. tl\\-•* voyauv* ;*nd i:is native an- m^'hl havo t*.;:;tsjre*[ him, hut lie was ciitjroly .tnlittr.l for tha political excitcment into which lie was dragged by a. few busy p-vson* en his arrival in Ire!I. In v. in;ii ho ap peared for a moment in the theatre only to an nounce that his '• lecture" would lie lead f-,r liini. o viiliM: cly ill a [110 5 tin to condition, and when seen in Dublin a fortnight al ier'.vard-. ho 1.-011111' lDiicn v.'o.ikor. It. i> stated. as soa.-'Viinto li croiit, U1.1t nolivirh.vf.'iii.iiu.r Jjis Ititcn»«» bitter ness of disposition, ho nam- s: ive auv real help to the Fi'iiiau conspirators i : America,"ami did not. enjoy their confidence. It also ...tarns that ho was a man of a most mis Uisli disposition. Almost the whole lb i 3 band has now disappeaiv.i. "Old Iicluji'l ami " Aonng Irchiinl" have both p.»-je 1 away—O'Oonnell, ami what was c-:<ll. il the "1)1,1 Guard"— Meagher, iVIlrien, Uovin Keiliv, U'.Yrcv M tire, Dillon, Slitchcl-of the more modern imnrrect-ion era. M'Uee alone openly vcc.mts.l bis opinions 111 Cana.la, ami became a Uousiitntiona list._ Gavan Dully, who snrviv ■ , iv.u, as is known, a minister in Victoria. Mr Kiehaid O'Gorinan is a successful lawyer in Xew York. 'I'llis completes tne list, of Young la eland, There was little sympathy between any of them ami the later I'ctuatis. \Vith the .•xcepi-ion of Smith O'lhicti, a.l the 10 men hail a strong literary liias, ami neuly all were of some intellectual eminence, hut e-'-'eially .llitchoi, Deviu Ji^ illy, ami Sl'tice. n.illy r.ud »il on sat after 18*t>J 11 the "English 'V' i! 1 11 'n' " ,v!,io!> r'h"y h.nl assaiied ami .Uii'chel died, as his fri -mis say " Member for Tipncrary"— 1:1 tho sanif English l'arliam nt. 'lie d c.-as, d's f-i 1.1::y ra:iuc«l to a'.low his funeral to take place in I'll!''::!, or to allow it to he the occasion of any ]>■■i.i.io.U demonstration, anil hii remaiiu were liUerivd in the Uni'-ai iaa hurial ground, ^-,'ewrv o;i ~h'd 1 roll. ■ l'lie jiews of a conixiiio concluded by Cabrera with iving Alfonso's Goveruine.it his produce I a deep impression araon;; til,- LVlists, Oabrera is said to have issued :i new ]iroelauiation explaining why he wishes for peace a", the present lime. He says a prince, who on,.lit to he the representative or Irs party, has failed to I earn anything from cx pe ience. ami has refuse I to follow, his a-iv'ce peaceiully to -,i,i the esteem of the count..-,•. Uabrcra ailils that he ili.l not oppose v:ar when the country was plunged in nn.ircay, hue w!i u tit:. Uorolution took a step which iivoiniaeil to be durable, mill when the crown was" placed upon the hea i of a prince who hoavts of boin- a Catholic as the most precious of his titles, Spaniards would incur a grave rospoiisibi'.itv if they di I not lay upon tho stops of the throne tin- onwhing burthen of their discord, i^vcry d iy brings news of some important insertion from D.in Carlos to the standard of Alfonso XII. Sines 0 .hrera's iov.il appeal, the ijn.-stion of Divine ri^ht seems to have been considered with due regard to the fruits which have resulte! frotn this iiisane stru-cie, an.l a-, these fruits have been nought save blood, desola tion and ruin, it is not surprising that these who talco a calm and conscientious view of the position should come to the conclusion that the best .vay of restoring order and harmony is to give in their adhesion to ilie youn,' king. Acting u; on this view, several notable Olivers have recently retired from tho Carlist cause. The work, hoivevcr. of building up the Government progresses but s'owly, owing to tho jealomiie* and oontrariet.v i.f views which prevail among Ur> s u-eral political'pai ties at Madrid, 'I'lius several professors who have pro. tested gainst the reaction uy ehu icter of the educational laws' have been arrested, and sent some of thrill to Lugo aii4 o"hrs:s to Miramla. Atipre hensio is are entertained tHat this conlliet, witi: t.lio University nuy give < to seriims diffieuitics. honor Gasbel.ir has resolved not to remain in Spain, au i ho will shortly l.-ave, for Ue'uo: There is very little more news, A O.irlist force is said to havo been defeated near Tolosa. with the loss of one hundred hilled and fifty yi-isoners. General Jlartincx Oampoi has arrived in the neighbourly «l of Urgel. T'he Gustav atVaiv has been tuiaily settled between Germany and Spain. Captain Zsinbsch took part in tho ei>/ielmliug praceed:ngs of tho mixr.l coinmission at .Madrid. A Oipenhagen correapondaut states that the rumors which have ii'eu!ated ever since the fust announcement of the proposed journey of the ICing of fS'.veden to B iriiu and .St Petersburg are now as suming, at least apparently, more eon'-istenoy, and are, from vague gue ses, oniiog into something like a deliuite shape, "Nevertheless, I cu.notyet guarantee the absolute cortvotncss of the foilowni" information, which, however, f tliou;iit of .sufif cieivt importance to coaimuviicat> to you. It an |iears, then, that the visit of King Cscir II. to Berlin and St Petersburg is to be made with a, view to an arrangement in the first phi :a of iho vexed Nort.h-fschloiivig (piestion. The Danish part of this duchy is to be returned to Denmark, after a plebis cite has taken plac: according to Paragraph V. in the Treaty of l.'ragne, JStf'i, and mixed garrison of Danish ami Swedish soldiers is to be placed in the strong foi titic itions 011 tile island of Alien, ami on tho Sundeve.l, the Schlesivig coast opposite the island. It is also reported that the liing of Sweden will make an attempt tu get -Sweden, Norway, and Denmark declared am?!)' and j >iutly neutral, like Belgium and .•Switzorlantl. oipecially with a vi.e.v to ft Uusio-Prusaian war, which is here bd.eved to ite unavoidable sooner or later. If King Oscar should succeed in carrying out this programme, he would indued have created for himself au everlastiii" name iu the three .Scandinavian kiui-donis. It is" however, my duty to add that vory'littie hopes of success are entertained hero, and I am only sneak ing the strict truth when I state that in Danish circles there is a feeling of anxiety, which, per sonally, I consider unfounded, hut which I cannot hide from myself is daily increasing in intensity. ' On the 2Uch of ilireh a son nuird red his father anil mother at Fordh im, a village about seven miles from Colchester. The uunes of the victims are Solomon Johnson, age t eighty, labor, r. and Susan nah, his ivife, aged over seventy. The murderer, ihomas Johnson, aged thi:ty-iivc, i< a farmers horseman. T ic scene of the crime is a treh!e-t 110 inent cottage on an oii- haml farm hold by Mr Knight, anil situated iu a lonely spot ?o:nn -tOO yards from the high road and a consul -table dis tance from any neighbor?. The cetKre tenement was occupied by the Johnsons; the wings by a woman named Mils and by four orphan children whose mother lay de id in tho house. This de-wrip tion will help to explain the particulars -f the mur der, as they have been stated by the p..lice. Thos. Johnson for many years behave 1 exceed;!!well as a son, but recently suffered from a religious uiuiia, and a suspected love affair, sot-hat he was in the local union some weeks under tieatmo.-ifc. Having got bc'ter, he was a mouth age allowed t-i -u out, and to go back to his parents' house, whence last week he came to Colchester for a change. On 13th March lr.s conduct was observed to be very strange, and 011 the next day he suddenly left the house" of Ilia sister and went roaming about the town, among other acts going to consult a lawv-.r about his lady love, whom ho described as having been seen by him iu "a glorified state " Tho demented mail left Colchester in the evening, anil slept at his parents' house at h'or.lliam. .Next morning at seven o'clock. .Mrs .Mills's attention was called to some cries of " .v;mder." and "she'saw the accused, poxer in hand, chasing his father and mother in the garden. The old man, after receiving some blows, fell into an ashpit, and was then des patched by his maddened son. The poor man had his head shattered in a fearful ni snu'r, Johnson next attacked his aged mother, and beat her so that he left-her for dead. -Meanwhile, .Mrs Mills, who was much frightened, locked up t e four orphan children, of whom she had kindly taken charge, and ran for assistance. The man must have seen her, for he threatened to kill her, and pursued her a short distance. U was a fortunate that the children had been locked in, for the man broke the window iu an a tempt (jet- at them, and he (^claimed to them, " I'll kill yoti." Mrs Mills went to the parish constable (there being no policeman in the village), wha sent two men, and they found the murderer miking his way to the village, and after some manteiivriug they closed upon hiyi, one of tiicm. however, rrceiving a severe blow with the poker which the madman still carried iu his baud. However, he wa, over powered, and ultimately lodged in the union work house as Stun way. Tne neighbors attended Mrs Joluison, who was alive and sensible, but she died before medical aid could reach her. The prisoner while under the charge of the porter of the union houic coolly admitted having murdered his parent* and said that something struck his mind all of a suddcu. and he believed ho was the Alnrghty, and had to do ic. A man has just been arrested afc Antwerp for having commuted foigery in France, and his career, as givim in soma of thvi Haitian papers, may be termed at least an eventful oug. ll'jbi-is heg.iu life as an oOice hoy in one of the largest iimrch-■aits' afiic.s in I'aris, and trained the confidence of his master that he rose rantdiy to be manager, and when only 22 was made a partner. Kvb na was nob lon^ in gaining the aiiVotious ut' the daughter of his partner, and they were married soon after he took a share in the iurdne-H.;. lTp to this moment his life seems to have beet! an Inmost and oAivmplary one, but now ho. fell into vice and di.-tsipiition. j Wine parlies and gambling brought its usual ruin, J and lie robbed iii:i father-in-law of smus L'-j/JOO utid : escaped lo America. Ou«;c there his good fortune : sewws to hurt krp: by him, as he was aMo to buy a partnevsuip m a husim'sa that was pnywg well. For fiv * years Unbin.i l;e;>t aobor and in.iartrioii^, and, in fact, had accumul ited so much that he waa rocognised by everyone as a very r ich man, bus coming aero3.i au actress, rfhe managed ro caat Kobina into poverty again, and ho got .so deeply u;to debt Mint he bad to tly the country, and oa/no back to Tar'n, where be )>>;ea:ne a banker's eluvk. For two or tiirae years Kobius went, on well, and was looked on by all who ku^v,* him as au iu dustrioui and honest man, but be v/a.i iuduccd laafc year to bos over ihe Grand Prix, and being a. p-.tnotic Frenehmai!, of cour-e he laid again.it Trent, who. as every one knows, won the race. The Grand 1'rix over, SI. Kobins was seen 110 more at the bank, having forged the i>eo:vt;tr)name. Kubius will be handed over to the French police authorities under tho extradition la'-' s. An extiiiordinary tcane, and oius prosei.ting some novel featuM.'-i in eonneefami with Jrisli crime and criminals, was reeenr-Sy witne sed at Ferborne. King's County, on the ;:rr;v\\.I th;»re in custody of the police of si* prisonftr.* charged with the muvder of jUichael liighy, » "'-in wr,f. wits shot dea<i at :i wake. "When the ear in wlr'ch the prisoner UhifTey sat arrived, tlio crowd, which numbered several thousands of persons, followed it and made several attempts to lay hold of the prisoner, utteiiug at the same time shout* of " Lynch the niu:dtuer,:5 " ])lood for blood." The eun.itabulny were obliged to point their guns at the people in order to keep fcbeni oft'. Kron Clatl-ty'.s s 'liei'ov v.ould have been lynebed h id he not left UU o'.vn ua* Jind taken refuge on that ut the Oiuwm ^joikiuur. Two persons who eiprcsied tueir sympathy h»td tc? bo protected from the violence of th'-. mob by the con stabulary, and conveyed to the barrack*. ClafTey's house has been wrecked, and the signboard above the door lias had his nauie erased uoui ii; Ami halt' nf it"is"painted red and the other black. ii. i.i)o course of tin- .i»y his eliie.y v.-.i • carried rlimugli tti i tow.:. ae.-l w >" atter-ar Is hange i. fl w > of tin in :j j.. enstodv ■'■■if discharged, and li:nl to bo nut nr the ' •*» the po! c• lest tliey might bo Iyi■ olio• 1 i>y tlio mob. i: ;o Augusta (Mo.) Journal teili this m irvellotis U'.; t -' W>. have an event to chronicle that would sc-mf.-iv lie h,. lieved wur • if n-.t an'.l»T:t tllvo'y v-.>uch d fo !>y competent- witnesses, partie- v. he.se ! i minny o l• 11111 well be di-pot '1 <>■ set aside ^ -i young i;;a■ i in the town i f \ a.---' ii1 »w. m 'hi COUIltr. V.MS KUlt'ovili: in tw '»«t sttut-'if of C.,11 ..umi.ti»n. f.u il'.svsn" whieh had insi.l.uusiy sti'iif'liilv'I'rouulit l.im t.> <-• v.-r_.» .if Hie gravo. For a-Vt!! .»1 Wi'elcs 1»! had Wtt» entirely pros'r'te iiu.l unable to kpe.h. oven I" articulate a syllable, tie lieciitse so «|i|i(t8«l f.n- brrai'li Hi1-! he com pelled the attendants to iviso the wi-.ilo-.v-! in bis room, nut out tho tires, "lid resort to every means :o pjjtiin frenli air. One <1 ->y last week (Tiutwlar we uud-rstand) tlio young man died. I'rier.diy lion-Is prep,red tho poor emaciated body for burial: but just in tlio attending fiimds wore arranging tlsis remains for the c.iskct, there app.are! unmis takable evidences of rctwnisig life ill what bail seemed to them an inanimate mae, o: clay. Tile ear i.f an attendant was bent d wn !i> tlio side of tho dead man, and it. was discovered that !ho, lu-ai t b id begun its slow and me-suved palpitations, the pulse throbbed, and the young Hum arose, from tbe death shrouds, opened bis mouth and spoke in clear and distinct words to those who stood appalled in tbo death chamber. There was no lmskiness in his voice: lie appealed lively and active, said be felt not the slightest pain, hut to us- lii- o-.vu l-wgnasc, ' I feel just ax well as X ever did.' At his request tbe neighbors were all e.alied in who crowded the houst, declaring that the reeovciy of the man was equal to aav miracle rcc •rtl.s 1 in the Scriptures. He fold '.hi?"star:led a s-mhlage of bis flien.is ami neighbors that, as lie died, all thins.: seemed dark, but only for an instant; his eyes suddenly opened to a new worid, the real Heaven- wuijii had been so many times in his thoughts and had given him so much comfort in his last weeks of pain and sorrow, He stood upon an eminence which over looked a vast anil beautiful plain; the magnificent plain stretched further than his enlarge,I vision could penetrate, and hn described it in language which, to bis mortal auditors, seemed extravagant in the extreme. J Jut the re' iviiied life of the yeueg man w is not to eonti-'-ue hoi-., liefoee lii-ht h : a.:aiu resigned hiiio.eif to ileath. Tne hoay was k-.opt a reasonable length oi time, and luuied on ■"5:1 day last, tae funeral being largely at:end-.-d." The' Bradford Observer publishes a lei t,er from California, from Janies W'.lloy, the ringleader in the mutiny on board the Ilritish ship :'>a sum i. on the Sou h A'laiui-: in L'tcembit, lt7-5, and for his allure in which John Ande.son was sentenced to death at tb» Central Criminal, I'ourt sometime after. It will he remembered that Captain Leslie, who was severely injured by tbe mutineers, re ported Wiiloy an being tin; instigat.ir and ring leader, and that he had done because, as steward, he had wanted thu stores. Willey, v.h i is a native of ]! adford, writes to confess that he was the ringleader, but that the mutiny was caused by the drunkenness of the captain rn I U;a ii\\-trea:meut of several of the crew. 'He adds that ho wis trhd for the offence at Melbourne and acquitted, a* no one wuuld believe the captain's story. i'be greatest result ever yet attained tvith any guu in existence was leccutly arrive t at with a "33-ton Woolwich jrtm at the proof butt, adjoining the tJoyal Arsenal." Tbe gun beins fired lo deter mine tbe proper charge for guns of its class when discharged with loO lh.T of gunpowder and an .SOO projectile, it recorded the exiraonlinaiy velocity of !,5<.'b feet pt r second, the pressures on tbe inner suiface of the gun at- tlio sam • time icmaining mo-h.'rate. Ihe result is do.e to the use of til newly design :d cubical gunpowder, " the grains" of which a-.e 11 cubes in diameter. Tue Jesuit i. ,'ollegu at Buenos Ay res has been as silled by a mob estimated to number from U).0>)0 to SO.OOO. The building was set on lire with petro leum, while some of the priests were, killed and others badly w .ii..ile I. The .mob also sack-, d the archbi-diop's palace, having taken offence at a pas tural published R. lev.' days before. The Govern ment sant troops to protect the r,orernmcnt house and the convents, and several arrests were made. Tbe National Government, in view of the critical position of aifairs, lus declared the province to be in a state of siege for 30 days. The in reference to the recent action for libel at the instance of ales-rs. Johnsum, of Elinbur-b, against the .1 Utixitriiui, states that the foUo-ving system was practised by the jury in living the amount of damage to be awarded. Tue jury, it may be remembered, were not uuaeinious, there being one ge-.tlenMn who from the lii':t d- cliue-.l to ac niiesee iu a hading giving any except nominal damages; hut by tile other eleven it was agreed teat each should, without cnusultiiij; hi: neighbor, write down wh t lie considered a fair award; that, these sep irate sums should he added up, and that the sum total .should then be divided iiy eleven, the product of this division to be taken as the damages to be assessed. Iu accordauc: with this arrange ment the following sunn were jotted down by the eleven jiuvmen, and given as tbei.r decision, viz — UO/MW, .£S,UU0. [d, £o(). £1,000, i'"i.0.!0, .Cot 10, JL'i,000, C.jtJO. C2,b»u, ilj00-tot.il, ill 1,030. Tl.i.i sum, after being ilivided. gave JJl,'J77 as the d 'm ages to be award-il; .bur- in order to make tbe ligurcs more presentable the jury agrsed to strike o!f ,C2, there being thus produced the i.'l,-7j daiu aeer. announced in court. Tive-ranhic clerks will hear with alarm of tel graphic p'aralyais, a new malady r-. p u'led by a French physician to the Acadeiuie des Science. Ait employe, who had been engaged in a telegraph ollice for nine yeais the Graphic says, found that, he could not form clearly the letters U, represented by two .lets and a stroke; I, by two dots; and S, by three dots. On trying to trace the letters bis baud became still and cramped. He then en deavoured to use his thumb alone, and this suc ceeded for two yeais, when his thumb was similarly attacked, and he subsequently tried tbe lirst and S'.coml lingers, but iu two months these were also paralysed, Finally ho had recourse to tbo wrist, which al-o shortly became disabled. If lie foicsd himself to use hisJiand, both h'ndand U' in shook violently, and cerebral excitement en sued. It appears tlia; this disorder is very common amongst telegraph clerks. George Crow, a revival preacher, who was appre hended iu Woolwich, has been sentenced by Sheriff Gutrie, at Glasgow, to sixty da'ys' haid labor for deserting and refusing to support his w fo and three children, who had therefoie to bo supported by the parish. For a considerable lime"the prisoner has resided iu London, 'and went about with a. worn in called "Preaching Mary." He said the Lord Jesus bad married them. He said ho would submit to any punishment rathtr than support his wife. , Mr 'Whalle.y has asked tbo Under Secretary for tho Colonies whether his attention had been called o ihe prospect of a large immigration from Austra lia to New Gsinea consequent on the discovery of gold, as reported by Captain Moresby, ll.N., and whether for this or other reasons it was the inten tion of the Government to c-isniish a British settlement on that island. Mr J. Iaiwther said the intention of the Colonial Oliie: had not been recently cal.'o I (o the immediats p oseect of any such iarire immigiation as that referred to. With regard to the latter part of the question, it would be premature to form any conclusion upon the sub j-c'. The death of Sydney I3r*nsou, a promising stu dent of St George's Hospital, from injuries received duritis' a football match, has provoked a discussion in the daily press as to the dangers attendant on th it game. Iu answering the question, *' Is foo: bctween the game as played by boys anil as played by men. With rcspect to boys, we believe the gune, even the much-abused Kughy game, to bo as sife as any other athletic pursuit, provided always that the boys engaged in it are sound and healthy. If a boy is feeble or liable to any scrofulous, tendency, he ought to be prohibited the game, for in such a case the effect of oven a slight kick or wrcnc'i might cause necrosis of a bone or disease of a j.iint.. . . ■ With grown-u,i men the case is different. Football is essentially a rough-and tumble game, and a man does not fall as lightly or as cleverly as a hoy can. A collision which simply ' knocks tho wind out'of the latter may seriously injure or even rupture some important organ ill the former. Rut the cise is more dangerous still to young men engaged in sedentary occupations all the week" and who get a chance game oil Saturday only. In their case tho muscles arq relaxed, and consequently they have h-ss peifect control over their movements, therefore; are less able to keep out of d it'ger and avoid collisions by those in stinctive muscular lulions which ivoul#save a'man whose muscles were iu perfect tone. The iuieose strain that a football match requires must act most injuriously upon an untrained man. It is not un common at a foolball match to see men of the chus we are describing become faint, anil vomit after a charge or " scamuui;e." We would not discoiua:o any manly sport, but we would insist that in eveiy c.uic the physical exertion should be adapted to the age, strength, mil habits of tbednaividu.il. "The Jfcw York papers publish teleerann descrip tive of a terrible earthquake, which has resulted iu the loss of s.vent.y lives, and an immense amount of damage to property. On the Hi'u o: i-ebruary, at 8 30 p.m., a very severe shaking was felt i:i the caoiral of Guadalajara, accompanied by a stianec subterranean sound. A few moments hoforo the earthquake tho heavens ••vero. cSou-l'vlJ' mil tho atmosnhere hot and sutfocaUng. Th4" ,-h ikintrs were of a tremulous oh'.rac'.cr, te: initial in-; in oscil latory movements, and lasted ab.ut ten 3-:co!nU The ,vhok> night was passed' i'l watching. On the following day the telegraph announced that towe.rdslhe east as fur as Leon, the :;oith as far as Cii ichibuite, the nont'o as fa- as Z coa'.eo, and tbe west' to the I'acilic, all the towns hail felt tho earthquake with greater or les> intensity, especially li,o<o near the votca-io of Ceboruco. Up to the loth of lb.li of the month, bes'des the bruised and wounded, the bodies of seventy killed wcto taken from the ruins. The town only contained a popu lation of S00. It uiay be said of San Cri3lob >1 that it h s disappeared, ami that its ruins only exist. The families which were saved ate now living iu the oneu air uuder trees. A daughter of Canon Gregory, of St. Paul's Cathedral (a rdiyicuic), is going to one of our colonies, v. here she will devote herself to works of piet}*. 'in order to thoroughly qualify herself for her new life, she has studied domestic work.aiid cookery at tho South Kensington cuisine, -where, hv tlio way, a great many young ladies ate being initiated into the art and mystery of lmihng polotoe.i, cooking joints, inakim; omelettes, and housewifery in general. 