MAKTBOlto!DM'1' . . f-B0M OUB OWN OOBBEaEDNDENT.l Theee deaths by-drowpu5^';Birioe my last. Edward Brewer, on Friday last fell into tho river from a punt on wliiflh lie was' engaged as labourer. , The body has not sinpebeen recovered. John Cuthbertson's body was. found floating in the river on Tuesday. Formerly -he- and his brother Robert held afarm-pkthe riVer Burrum They werealwayskpdwn as'boirig a little 'queer.' About three months ,ago Robert . , was , acciden tally drowned, and the body- has .noyor been recovered. Since then John has gone melan oh'oly mad, and although there was. some tolk of putting him under treatment, ho(wa8 so harm lesB that nobody liked to take' the' initiative. We see the result. They ? w^ire in compara tively easy ciroumstdnces, and 'their brother holds a good position;, somewhere in South, Australia. Tho third case is that of a boy throe years old, the. son of a poor Danish woman. Whilst .playing in the paddock or yard attdoho^ to his motherVhouse, he fell into a small wotorhole only, three foec deep. Ho* was quite dead when discovered. Our Caledonian residents hold high revel on Hor Majesty's Birthday.,,' There wero tho usual sports during tho day and a^cpneort and ball in tlie evening. But two pipors attended — Messrs. Ramsay and Higgins. The absence this year of the Messrs. Fraser, of Brisbane, wbb greatly felt. Whether it was owing to their absonce, or some other cauBO — whioh I am iinab^o to explain, the whole affair Beeme.d to bo insufferably dull — more bo than on previous similar occasions. It may be, and of course is, owing to my bad taste, but I fail to fool any enthusiasm. ^nent these same sports. It is an assombiogeof Sqotohtnen endeavouring to mimio, the . Higbhinaers and fuiling. The costumes, tl}ey,''dpn, ih'e games they try to play, tbe eonga thoy sing a^tho oon cert, and tho brogue taey.'.'unconsoiously bur leBque, are all borrowed - from the Highlands. Were it not for the day being a general holiday, the orowd which assembles on the course, and the friends that one consequently encounters, I am afraid the celebration would be J)nt a poor auuic after all. However, ,. pecuniarily, the affair was a groat suocess., ' '. .', , ', . No little unouBiness has been caused by the arrival of tho sohooner Jason, from tho South SoaB, with labourqrs and measles on board. Ten deaths from the latter complaint are roported during the voyage. : Several avo now suffering from dysentry, the result of measles. The vessel has boon stopped in the Bay, placed in quarantine, and the 'boys' allowed to ocoupy antine ground at tbe White, Cliffs.,. -They nr« in the building intended, for the accommodation of the Binglo mon. The offeot of this may be at tho least inoonveniont, should tlio immigrant ship Tim Whiffler arrive- shortly with Biokness on boardO Since tho arrival of tho Jason, tho IT Bchooner Native Lass has come in with 81 ' boys,' aud the sohooner Chance with 65. Both shipB are said to be healthy, and tUp.' boys ' havo been allowed to land. Those vosVoIs report that measles have only shown at tho extrome wes tern portion of Malicolo Island and the adjacent portion of Apii. Of oourse none of their' boys' were reoruited from these place?. The agents or masters would not do suoh a thing. The vessels have all got their full complement of immigrants. . Tux told that when a plagao or a :j-::r;iit.war.'isoji on .island it ia'.a' very onsy matter to' .;H;iii^'i;Beourec.-' labour' from that looality for. Queens- :-.m j lahdi In fact the men are only too glnd to get ? away. * It is' not aa easy matter to^doal with, v;.~ but something mnst be done, and that t& once, iir-ivri t'o prevent the importation of mooBlca. We *? '*' ^'.'havembre than enough to do in fighting typhoid. ::''-'?? 'Wh'eth'er they have the germ of meaalos or not I am not competent to judge, but the Native ''.';. ' Lbbb 'p'ots'. ore tho finest lot of islanders I ? ,.-.-... have' yet seen landed. . My oxperionoo ia not '?''' small.1 By tho way, I hear that Stable's new steamer whioh was lately launched in Sydney is .' . to be placed in this Island trade. This is '''' merely a report probably without truth, but ; _ it would prove a payable sped, as tho demand 1 :!i li H'for- this so Balled '' cheap' labour is dooidedly on th6 increase. ryu:lOiiJ /Typhoid is still our greatest enemy,' and tho ?^'-'number of his viotims are daily inoreasirig. ' .... Probably my next budget will announce that t V.' measles, has joined and strongthonod him. -:-j' Eighteen cafes of typhoid have been admitted to'thelooal hospital this month. This woek a man died from typhoid in one of ? ' the wards. In the next bed on ono side '? ' lay a man suffering from rheumatism and on his other side a consumptive patient. This in 1 ?: .;/?:.? 'disoriminate'n?ixing of patients ariaeB-principally from the want of accommodation. Several applications have been mado to the Government .'. for a grant of a aulTioient sum to build a district; ? 'fever' ward, ' Tho answer haB como in the form of a question— How much will bo guaranteed ' i:v-' from private subscription P The committee have written back urging the necessity of Bay £400 being at oncp granted, and promising to raiso suffioiont to furnish tho ward — a matter of . ^ from £100 to £150. No ono can accuse the ? .' '' Maryborough people of meanness where charity , j. ,y' requires liberality. But wo already have too '?/', rnany demands on our pookots, and that a ';; ' ,(' ^ 'fair thing is a fair thing' is an axiom you will ' hardly bo inclined to dispute. * ' I have it on good buthority that Mrs. Prit ? ohard, the women charged with assisting to murder Griffith, near Gympie, has mode a con . fession. She contradicts her previous statement ?'???'/??? that a strange man' was present, and OBserts ;s: -'??tliat the' crime was committed by her son ,. (Pritchard) in the heat of pasBiobi and during ..r.-it a3ghj; This Mrs. Pritohard is not unknown '.''?'' fn'Brisbane'. ' : ??a-:.'!-. -\ '-'Bundaberg has gone frantio because she is not to have a railway. The Maryborough and .'Gympie line is quite ob effectually shelved by .-, the proposition that it must be built for £2,000 a mile, or not at all. So much for Ministerial promises. . :- . . So Douglas would nofc accept the office of . ' Minister for Lands ' considering that the in \- — tereBts of his constituency would not bo served, &o.;' Those1 who. remember the late Mary^ j '?? ;)borough election, and the price King paid and 'Jta'caliBter promised for the Beat, will be able to ? appreciate this joke. ',:- .-. i?1^-.'00,^ papers- both published, by way of ' ' auppleinenits'e«'Soft'»» reports of the Treasurer's ? speeoh, supplied from the office of the Govern- , .: -. '.v.ment Printer. Sinoe that day no Iobb than sik ;.,.- '^perBona— men and women — -have been brought ;?&?' v;before the Bench, oharged on suspioion of being ?'?''?.of unsound mind. How thankful we shall be ?'!t-'! to he5r that the notion of a daily Mansard is ?.?.'ir,; squashed.' ???'- ??'? ? . ,.-;? That Meflsrs. Bailey and Beattie were unsuc ceBsful in their attempt to repeal the Party Procession Aotiealao a thing to be thankful tor- 