TELEGRAMS. (From our own Correspondents.) ADELAIDE, November 10. The Assembly are still disoussiag the half I million loan bill, Mr. Bouoaut'a specch in moving the second reading was brief, and not equal to the occasion. The Glenelg Institute Bazaar was opened to* day. Heaping was commenced at Crystal Brook on Saturday. The grain is said to be excellent. The Marionettes opened Inst night, and were very successful. . John Sherriff, the boatswain of the St. Vincent threw liimself overboard in a fife of lunacy and was drowned. The oricket match, British v. Oofenials, was won easily by the latter. Mr. Granville Price refuses to stand aguiu for the city auditorship because the auditing as now conducted is a sham. One hundred and four immigrants arrived from Melbourne on Sunday for the railway works at Port Pirie. A successful trial of Westinghouse's air break for trains was made on Saturday. The last crushing of the Lady Alice mine gave 51 ozs, The Register has a very severe lender on Mr. West-Erskiue's conduct re the appointments for the Port Lincoln Road Board. MELBOURNE, November 16. The financial statement will be made on Tnes* day next by Sir James M'Cullocli. I The s.s. Northumberland has arrived. The | Rev. Silas Mead is a passenger by her, The Arawata, MoMeiUati and CO'b new stea- ' mer, has arrived. The Hey. Mr. Builbache has beeu appointed Chairman of tho Baptist Association. A young man named Nicholas 'Garriok was drowned by a boat accident on Saturday. There has been a row between the bookmakers and Mr. Mason, M.L.A. Upon investigation it was found that Mason did not pay his debts. The matter is under consideration. The publio won £30,000 on Wollonmi, the Cup winner. The Victorian Racing Club netted £6,000 by tho late meeting. Some of the fleeces from Austin's long woolled sheep weighed over 25 ft. Colonel Pitt returns with Governor Bowmen, The Government are muking reductions in the civil service as vacaucies occur. Sir Redmond Barry will probably go as Houornry Commissioner to the Philadelphia Exhibition, The Intercolonial Exhibition dosed to-day. The wheat market is quiet. Quotations un changed. Fairbairn's Till Till Station, Riverina, with I 70,000 Bheep, has b.een sold to the Now Zealand Laud Association. The military weapon rifle matches took place yesterday. Victoria scored 2,025 points, and New South Wales 1,943. Tho shooting was good on both sides. SYDNEY, November 10. Tho sentence of death passed upon Burgess for tho Merriwa murder hus been commuted to imprisonment for life. Tho extreme sentonce piused upon George Eolfe for murder will be carried out. The proprietor of the Homing Arcws has been I summoned fur commenting on Trove's caso while sub judicc. | A Gladstone telegram states that the barque Caniillu, from Noumea, piokod up a long boat with two Swede3, runaways from the Danish ship Dr. Grant. They had been seventeen dnys at sea. They said that tho captain of the Dr. Grant was dead, and one of the common sailors was acting as mate of the ship. The men were destitute, having only one biscuit left. Mil. FaavssetTj dentist, announces that he will visit Mount Gambler in a few days, and that let ters for him maybe addressed tq Mr. A. R. Poyntz's, Commercial Street. CRICKET.-A match between eleven players from the Mount Gambior Club and fifteen from the Commercial Club has been arranged for this afternoou on the Mount Gnmbier Club ground. The meu will be chosen on the giound. THE English Mall was delivered here on Saturday. 