the Telegi-aptiio. nEUTEn'fl TELEGRAMS TO ASSOCIATED PIIFSS. ("BY SDBVI MIINE TEUaiLAFB.1 » Continental. THE HIXOGSTITION Ol' DUX ALPHONSO AS KIXG OF SPAIN BY GERMANY. London, Jnnuaiy 13. rk hip lud ou the ?os tbe [ta jof liât the 'he led nu, the tla the ore the the pol ,ed int re, to as jut ms mt g° iin he eft ,he ,le. uy mc pi he ass ble ide 'I'm: report that Germany lias formally recog- nised Don Alphonse, Prince of Asturias, as King of Spain, is ]tremuture. The Emperor o£ Germany défera any action until the decrees for the suspension of two Pro- testant journals, and the closing of the Protes- tant Church at Cadiz, have lieeu rescinded. The German gunboats have returned to San- tander. America. THE REVOLT AT NEW ORLEANS. London*, January 13, The policy of President Grant towards tho State of Louisiana threaten*! n disruption in the Cabinet. he he Toowoomba. [FROM OUll OWN COIIllESPONDENT.] January 14, There were forty-five applications for a forfeited homestead «election nt Westbrook, which was thrown open for seleetiou to-day. The weather is hot, tho glass is 00° in the »linde. Nearly one thousand shares have been already applied fur in the uew building society. Townsville. [rnoM our ow.n* coiiiiesi'ondent.] , January 13. A number of human bones, supposed to bo the remains of an Italian who was an immigrant by the Laniuiershngen, ship, from Hamburg, which arrived in March loot, have been found in the bush. It is reported that a ca=o of silks of the value of one thousand pounds, missing from the Flint- shire, steamer, has buen discovered. A site for a quarantine station has been set apart on Magnetic Island. Intelligence is to hand of a new rush nt liavensvvood. Millchester. I PllOM OUll OWN COHHESrONDENT. | January li. Mining operations are being energetically carried ou throughout the district. Several now lines of reefs have been recently laid off. At a meeting of tho Itainbow Prospecting Company held last night, the shareholders ex- pressed their satisfaction at the operations for the pnst half year. Sixty-five tons from tho Alexandra, No. 4, crushed nt the rate of five (5) ounces to the ton. The Pacific reef shows signs of improvement Their last crushing gave two mid a-half ounces to tho ton against eleven pennyweights of the previous lot. The absence of a Police Magistrate is much felt, and the business of the Court is mu eli retarded. A claim for one-twelfth share of tho Saint Patrick's block, value from one thousand to fifteen hundred pounds, is to bo heard at the sittings of the Warden's Court on Monday next. A large quantity of gold is hold by tho banks, anil the returns by tho next escort will bo satis- factory. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED I'ltKSS.] January l-l. Webster, the defaulting clark from the office of the Council of Education, loft the colony as n passenger in the Tweed, ship, for London, and steps will most probably be taken to bring him back. The Government have consented to advance a sum of money towards tho reduction of the financial embarrassments of tho Sydney Cor- poration. The Athena, barque, from tho Mauritius, brings only ii third of a cargo of sugars. The Government have received nu intimation to the effect that notions have been commonceil «gainst Messrs. Hall and Forbes and their sure- ties for a breach of their contract, to carry the mails to and from England, vid San Francisco. I lyuinii, recently a salesman in tho employ of Messrs. Myers and Solomon, has been committed for tiinl charged with mi extensive robbery of fancy goods from their stock. Melbourne. [australian associated mess.] ' January 14. The Committee of the Melbourno Hospital have resolved only to elect honorary medical officers for n period of five years. / Messrs. Leplnstier and Co., wine and spirit mel chants, have suspended payaient with lia- bilities to the amount of forty; taousand pounds, of which the suui of twenty-five thousand pounds^ ' is secured. J f O'Ferrall, the defaulter, is a r>assenger li/ tho K. and A. Co.'s li.M.S/''J'ri.-!baiie, whicl/ left Singapore for Brisbaiuyn January 12. / Fourteen thousand packages of Yarraville sugars sold by aiipaon at ln'te rates. /Three hundred packages li tobacco changed hjnids nt an advance. Old /lient, 5s. to 5s. 2d. ; new, .Ss. to 5s. 1d. per bushel. A DEPUTATION, consisting of persons interested in property in Sandgate, waited on the Hon. the Minister for Works, yesterday, in support of an objection to the tank which is being erected at Sandgate being lined with slabs instead of bricks, as the former would not be nearly as substantial or clean as the latter. The deputation was introduced by J. R. Dickson, esq., M.L.A., and in reply to its representations Mr. King stated that the matter should have immediate attention, and that bricks should be used in the place of slabs. Mr. King also promised that the Esplanade should be cleared of all standing timber. THE Marine Board, yesterday, held an enquiry into the circumstances connected with the wreck of the barque Miranda, at tho Brunswick Uiver, on the 29th ultimo. The members of tho l*oatd pit'sent were the Chairman (Captain Heath), the Hun. W. Thornton, Captain Simpson, and Cap bin Townsend. Mr. Walker, as representative of the New Zealand Insurance Company, and Mr. Warburton, of tho Marine Insurance Com- pany of South Australia, were also present. Tho evidence-consisting of that of Captain Lakio, the master of the Miranda ; Daniel Goodmau, chief officer ; Alexander Wiseman, carpenter ; Alfred Burrowes, who examined the vessel on behalf of the^udorwriters, after she had been stranded ; and Pilot Woods, who took the ship to sea from this port-was completed befoio the board rose, and their decision in the matter v. ill probably be given in the course of a few days. IV, frii vvil ina Ki tui bei lab bot the co» hin bu¡ Qu He for woi it ii of que fun of i À Gio bell ¡is «.hi Creí elec "Ti ook, ady ikn, nid ed It was generally rumored in town yestcrday that Mr. Niud hud sent iu his resignation of his seat in Parliament. We have heard the statement on what we believe to be very good authority, and think there is little doubt that we shall soon have confirmation of it. The number of paid telegrams transmitted through the cable from Port Darwin, for the. thirteen days ending Thursday, December 31, was as follows :-South Australia sent 11, re ceived 17 ; Victoria sont 50, received SO ; New South Wales sent 33, received f>3 ; Queensland! sent 12, received 8 j Tasmania sent 2 ; New Zealand sent 11, received lu ; Wet Australia received 2 ; total number sent, 119; total re ceived, 182. News has reached town that a child fourteen months old, the daughter of a Danish couple named Malen, in the-employ of Mr. Johnston, Tingalpa, whilst playing iii the vicinity of Doughboy Creek, yesterday, disappeared. Search was unida, mid about 5 o'clock the dead body oí tho cliild wits found entangled amongst some mangrove roots in the creek. FiiOM the Warwick Aryus we leam that there has been somo hours heavy rain in that district which was sadly needed. Our contemporary expresses itself with becoming joy and thank- fulness. It is to bo hoped our turn will come soon, us the heat at present is moat embarrassing-, and tho big clouds gather each afternoon and drift away in ii most tantalising fashion, leaving everything and everybody hot, dry, dusty, and disappointed. Tub state of things disclosed in the following paragraph, which wo extract from the Sydney Umpire, has for the people of thii colony very great importance as seriously menacing the health of our community. The Umpire says : " Just now the city and suburbs uf Syehioy are eufl'ering to an alarming extent from the spread of a. pestilence of an epidemic character ; apel to such a degree has it been aggravated by the defectivo sewerage and the want of water, that the mortality, at least so far ns the city itself it* concerned, may ho expected to reach this month a higher average than over before. Measles arc the form in which the pestilence has visited us ; and they hnve, iii many cases, appeared in the compound form of mcaulos and scarlatina. In- stances are numerous where scarlatina has super veneel one or two days after the disappearance of the measles ; and in these cases the result, has been very disastrous to life", "as "well among tim adult as among the infantile portion of the population. The spread of scar- latina is set down as a consequence mainly of the slaughter of stock within the city, which, despite the watchfulness of tho authorities, has been carried on for somo time, and the serious nature of the diseases is assigned, as staled above, to defective sowerago and mi inellicient supply of water. The locality of Sussex-street south, where some of the houses havo for the last seven weeks been without water during the day, and where the drains have for some time past been in a disgraceful state, is described as tho source of all those serious cases of the epide- mic which is ravaging the immediate neighbor- hood, and spreading through the city. The accounts furnished us of tho condition of num- bers of families iilloeted are really astounding, mid appear moro Uko a description of the ravages of a plague. In several places whole families have boen uttnckeel by the' disease, and tho individuals reudereel entirely inca pablo of helping one another ; mid there have beon instances where death lui'* taken placo under similar** circumstances." Now, it is very woll knovyq that measles has already made its appearance in this city, and presumably through our intercourse with Syd- ney. It is therefore the duty of the Central Board of Health to take immediate steps to in- form themselves of every existing case that can bo discovered, and to do all that U possible to prevent the spread of the disease by isolating, as fur as possible, existing cases, and by enforcing strict sanitary regulations,-at least, in the im- mediate localities in which the disease exists. * li the -Board of Health will not do this, and do it at once, the lion, the Colonial Secretary will, we trust, take the matter into his own hands, anil see that it is dono./ So far the disease may be suppressed,' and we may avoid a reproduction here of the dreadful state of nffiiirs existing in Sydney. But something more in necessary, and we think that full justification existí for the Colo- nial. Secretary issuing an order that all steamer« aud other vessels coming from Sydney shall be boarded snJ/flie Police Hulk by the Health Oilicçiytind the sanitary state of the passengers, enquired into. Of course this would entail some loss of timo and troubla r>u captains of steamers and. their passengers, but we submit that such considerations should not weigh for one moment, under present circumstance»* against the importance of preventing, so far a» it is possible to do so, the outbreak in atir midst of a dangerous epidemic. OUll Beenleigh correspondent writes, under date January 14:-"We hada glorious fall of one decimal eight something inch of rain on /Tuesday night, and where farmers have properly pulverised the soil it has got down about four inches, and done much good. Bud farmers or ' henscratchei'8,' as they aro called here, have only got the advantage of one to one and a-half inch of percolation. The rain was very heavy, and did not last more than an hour oi- au hour and a-half.-It is i eported that Mr. Nhid is about to visit Kuropo, and rumor is busy with the names of several gentlemen as likely candidates. Mr. Nind has not yet, however, made any com- munication to his committee on the subject. I have heard Mr. Muir's name mentioned, and no one would havo any chance against him if he stood. Mr. Diehard Newton's name is also freely mentioned, and if Mr. Muir does not stand Mr. Newton would most probably go in.' Other names are also mentioned, but none so freely ok the two I speak of." , \ , At the Central Police Court, yesterday, before tho Acting Police Magistrate, Mary Do Lukrey, servant, apprehended on a charge of larceny, was remanded until tho 17th in«tant.-Michael White, a neglected cliild, was returned to hi-* friends.-William Edmonds, seaman, charged with continued disobedience of the lawful com- mands of the chief officer of the ship Storm King, on the 13th instant, was oidered to be re- turned to the ship.-Matthew Hirst, laborer, for being drunk in Queen-street, and David Mills, laborer, for being drunk in Eagle-street,', were both fined 6s., or twelve hours in the lock-up. Titi; editor of the Queensland Timen reprints the list of Grammar School scholarships lately conferred, and in a foot note thus delivers, himself on the subject :-"If there be one hum- bug greater than ¡mother in this colouy of '<. Queensland" it is the humbug of education. Here are scholarships of ¿"50 per annum given for an amount of knowledgo which at home would be looked on as beneath child's play. But " it is not knowledge : it is a comparative estimate of the boy's skill in answering the absurdest, questions ever invented by man. We hope to bet' furnished with a copy of the precious question», ~ of which we have bearii queer accounts." ' ;' Ax awfully sudden ileath is reported by the Glen Innes Guardian. Heury Griffiths, formerly bellman and town crier of Glen Innes-known as " Harry, the bellman "-expired suddenly whilst '»'railing his avocation at Vegetable' Creek. He was in tile act of announcing an ., election meeting, and had just got us far as, " To-night, to-night !" when he fell dowu deail. 