POLICE -JOU ;T. Thursday. January 21. (Before Chas Powell aud John Graham. J's. P.) UNLAWFULLY OX PREMISES. Marricou, a Polynesian, in the employment of Messrs. Tooth and Crab, at Yengarie, w s oharged with being in the bedroom of Bertha Seef ldt,-f -r an unlawful purpose. \kl' Mr. T. Morton defended. P. C. Thomas Lennan deposed to having airested the prisoner by vir ue --f a warrant; un rue way to tne lock up prisoner, on being to'd the charje, said - Me b en sick, me go like 'cm kitchen for a dibik of water, girl been ? hear Vm an.i si g out. then tell iWrs. Cran. me uo go near womau at all ; womau been fright ened.' ° I'enha Fcefeidt said she was a single woman and a servant with Mrs. Cran. ct Yengarie ; she slept in a bedroom off rne kitchen, in Mr. - rail's house ; on the night of the 19tii she went to bed aud fastened both the door and the window ; a litt e after one o'clock awoke aud found the pri-oner kneeling on her bed ; his hands w ere touching her ; prisoner had nothing but a shirt on ; she screamed aud he remained three or four minute ^ beside her b.d aud then went away ; reported the matter to Mis Cran about Vii' hour af to wards : she had reason to be afraicl of prisoner, as he had mi-b-haved himself, before with a woman at Yengarie. By Mr. Morton — I have quarelled with prison r-r wheu he would uot work .; I never threatened to get bim poisoned ; I never heard ' Georgie' threaten to smash him ; he did not touch me on the bed : I waited an hour, not liking to dis urb rs. Cran ; Mrs Crau c tme out c n the back verandah of her own accord. For the defence — James (.'ran stated that the prisoner had been in the employ of the firm for three years : for twelve mouths of that time lie liati beeu engaged as domestic s rvunt and h- Ip ; during the whole tim-- his conduct ha-; been excellent ; he is one of the best boys we have ; the prosecutrix and prisoner have always been on f' bad terms. The prisouer was found guilty and sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. Friday, January 22. (Before the Police Magistrate.) master and servants' act. Messrs Tooth and Cran summoned Christian Morteusen and Carl A. Nissen with refu-iug to obey orders. Mr. Morton prosecuted and Mr. B. Lyon a defended. Tbe prisoners were two of a batch of Danish immigrants engaged at the depot at Brisbane. Their agreements, which were produced, were explained to them by the Government inter preter before they signed. These agreements bound them for twe ve months, wLereas the prisoners maiutaiued ihat they understood that they had engaged for six months only. Found guilty and sentenced to pay a fine of £ 10 each. £2 2s professional costs, and 3s (3d c-'Fts of Court, otherwise three m.ntlis' in Brisbane gaol. horse-stealing. Handel Watt was charged with stealing a 1 horse, saddle, and bridle. Senior- consta1 le M. Lonergan had arrested prisoner on the charge of larceny as a bailee, as he was officially awaie t':at a wariant bas been issued iu Brisbane for prisoner's arrest. A remand for 8 days, for the production of evidence, was requested and granted. 