(From tin: Oiww.J Gladstone. November Id. Captain Dclamaniue, of the Camilla, just arrived from Noumea, reports pick ing up, on October 30, a ship's longboat, with two sailors —Swedes — giving their names as Olaf Brunt and Carl Peterson, who hail been seventeen days at sea, having deserted from the Danish ship Doctor Grant, lying at Opal low Islands. They had one biscuit left when picked up. They stated that the captain was dead, and that the Doctor Grant was in very bad order. Captain Dclamarque returned to Noumea, ami banded the two sailors over to the 1'Ycnch authorities, IloL'KiiAMPlox, November Ifi. At the Land Court, to-day, there wore ninety-one applications for the land thrown open on Meadow Flat run. A sum exceed ing £0000 was received as deposit fees. Townsvilli;, November 10. The E. and A. Co.'s steamship Brisbane arrived from Hongkong this afternoon, at four o'clock, after a splendid passage of 15 days. Tlie Australasian packet, from l'ort Darwin, was passed oft' Cardwcll. The Brisbane, s., has 120 passengers and 2120 packages merchandise for Melbourne, and 5855 packages ot tea and sundries for Sydney, oud resumes her passage southwards to-night. The Kapunda, ship, from Belfast, is in sight, and every arrangement lias been made by the authorities for the reception of the immigrants. Cooktown, rM Townsville, Nov. 15. The Hon. H. K. King, Minister for Works aud Mines, landed yesterday, aud starts for the Palmer on Wcduesday. The City of Exeter, s., arrived on Satur day, from Hongkong, with 385 Chinese pas sengers. Svijnbv, November 15. The Executive have commuted the sentence of William liurgess, convicted of murder, to imprisonment for life, the first two years in irons. The proprietor of the Eerninu .Yen's lias been summoned beforo the Court for com incntinE on the Trccvc forgery case while mhjndicf. t The Vosco ili Gama, steamer, landed a Auckland a sliipmont of Oregon Kiver salmon ova for the Napier ltivcr. November 10. The Cricket Associatiou bas declined to act officially in the proposed match with Queensland, in coiiBisr|Ucncu of the intercolo nial watch with Victoria boiug played at tbc time proposed. Parliament was opened to-day by His Ex cellency the Governor, with tbe usual ccrc innny. The Speech states, in reference to the ro venue, that on October .'{I, the increase (sic) had reached tho sum of £M0,743, with every prospoct of an improvement during tbe re maining two inoutbs of tbe year. Tlio para graphs referring to tho proposals of the Government state that bills for the more effectual regulation of the various mining interests will bo introduced, together with measures for thp re-establishment of an amended system ol stamp duties ; tor tue revision of the tariff aud CuBtomB laws ; for extending tlie advantages of public educa tion ; fur the more satisfactory regulation of municipalities ; {or the cxtenmon of railways and telegraphs; for the management of public roods ; for the storage and carriage of gunpowder; for regulating the sale of poi sons; for defining tho privileges of Parlia ment; for the improvement of military defences: for tho facilitating of theiutro ductiou into the colony of suitable immi grants; and to provide for the treatment of lunatics. A bill for the amendment ot the Electoral law will tlio be introduced during the nt* sion, the main objects of the mensuro being the correction of tlic dunmnlics in the now existing representation of the various elec torates, which have from thn increase of population an.) development of local indus tries, and a variety of cannon, outgrown tli« provisions ,,f Hie law uf 1858. The debate in reply to tlie nddrc'is is non proceeding, Mr Purkes stigmatising the speech as re.illy uic.-min^ nothing. Waller, Clerk of Petty Sessions at Turn bei-umb.i. charged with embezzlement of public moneys, lias been remanded. Mkuim!hnk, November \'-. The Victorian team belt tint of \Tew South Walea to-day, with the military weapon, by 82 pointR. The Kiirthiimherlaiid, s.. arrived from London yesterday, after a passage of fifty ?lays. The Arramata. a new steamer fur the New Zealand trade, has :ilso arrived, after a line passage, from the - :iydo. The Treasurer's linancial statement will probably be made on Thursday next. A advertisement appears in tlie newspapers. Riving a long list of bills of exchange and deposit receipts lost from the Bank of New South Wales at Ararat. The V.It. Club make a handsome profit nut of thfi receipts of the past meeriu;;. An unpleasant; circumstance lrip|.cucd on the Hiininytdii course, on Saturdav ]ii«t SomelmokinakVrsaccnsed MrManin M.I, \ ..f b,.inj,.a.l,.f:ii|].,.r, .md i.nuired him to I.. uuli-r imvsti_:ati.in. It was iiftcrw.irdx shown tint he lu.l l.eeii wiiiiinly aeciiw.1. A young man iiame.l NicludnkliarriY-k has been diwncd in the Varra liivcr, through tbc upsetting of his boat. November l(i. A lurtiicr investigation into the case in which Mr Mason, .M.L.A., in accused by certain bookmakers as being a defaulter, shows that he diil bet with some members of the ring, and they allege that the bets remain unpaid. The V. It. club Committee will now take the matter up. The public won about £;t0,000 over Wolloniai's victory in tlie Cup ; but the settling, generally, was rattier against backers of horses. . The V. II. Club made a prolit of over £G0IM- by the meeting. The fiovcriiincnt are making reductions in the public service. Clips of over 3O.JII» weight have been obtained from Austin's long-woollcd sheep. Messrs Green's new ship Melbourne arrived from London this morning. The Victorian team is at present ahead in the small-bore rille match. Later advices from the Cape of Good Hope, : per Arawatta, s, state that the rebellion on ' tliu diamond fields had collapsed— Henry ! Tucker and other leaders having been arrested. Irang Dahl, a Itussiau, h:is sworn that he was a spy with the rebels .it Kimberley, and i that part of their pint was to carry oft' Lieutenant - Ciovcrnor ?Snntlicy and liin j secretary (Mr Currcy), and put them over ' the Vn.il. I An expedition has been sent to fever- ' haunted inarsh-lands ot North -western j Africa, to punish a horde of pirates for ' plundering British vessels early in the year. I Several war vessels, under Ounuindorc I Hewitt, C.B., proceeded up the Congo liivcr, but wore compelled to conic tn an anchor in consequence of the difficulties of navigation, j TilK issue of postal cards from the Post Oflice Department, Sydney, up tu November ' 12, amounted to !IJ,20(i. The authorities I after making every allowance for tlic expense of printing the cards, am) tlio enst of the | matt- rial, and for all diminution in postal correspondence in cotiscijuciiie of the cards, estimate that the net revenue from this now medium of communication will be at l,Mst £2001) per annum. The II,,;,LI says: — The cards arc used very extensively by theatrical agents, commission agents, anil others in business, who adopt the plan of printing notices in reference to lmsinv.ps matters on the backs of the cards and sending them, addressed mi the other side, through the post. The number of cards used in this way is out of all proportion to those used for brief communications. Tub Hon. Colonial Treasurer arrived at Toiiwoomba yesterday, and will leave this (Thursday) inuruiiig for Warwick. A I'liori.ASMTiuK in a supplement to the G»rrtmnvnl On-jtl,, published on Tuesday, rescinds the proclamation of September last setting apart a portion of the building and premises of the hospital at Toowoumba for the purposes of a Lunatic Reception House. A I'AKAin: of No. S Company, Q.V.Ii., took place last evening, the band being in attendance. The company proceeded from the parade ground to II uthven -street, and thence to Spring Hill, the band playing a number of lively airs, nnd nerjuitting itself to the satisfaction of large numbers of towns folk, who turned out in honor of the occasion, TilK fourth of the aeries of special united services was held last evening in tbe Presby terian Church. The interest of these meet ings does nut appear tu diminish, the building being well tilled by members of the different churches in town. The Kcv. Mr liathjen conducted tbe service, and was assisted by the Itcvs. MrWarakcr, MrMidglcy, and Mr M'PUerson. The Jtev. Mr Midglcy gave a very instructive address on 'The Sure Foundation.' A number of hymns were sung during the evening, including some of those becoming now bo popular— Mr Sau koy'fi— accompanied by Mrs Sabinc on the harmonium. Tlic next meeting will bo held in the Congregational Church on Wednesday evening next. It iB notified that the following areas will be thrown open to selection (as homesteads) on Tuesday, December 21 : -At the Toowoomba Land Office— 320 acres nt Feltou, forfeitod by William Bowdcn. At the Warwick I^ind Oflicc--592 acics, well watered by King's Creek, near the boundary of the Too woomba district; also, 133 1 acres between tho Clifton and Allura railway stations, mid about three miles distant from tbe new Clifton township. These lands were lately surveyed in small blocks for sale by auction. One or more of the blocks arc close to the line of railway. Harvest operations are proceeding with great activity in the Toowoomba, Dray ton, and Spring Creek districts. Tbc crop this season will be the finest yet gathered this sido of tho ltange. The wheat, having escaped attacks from rust, nud tlio groin being plump and well formed, is admirably suited for milling purposes. Favored with frcipjcnt and seasonable Bbowcro, the wheat crops, from tho period of blooming, have advanced to tho season of harvest without any appear ance or indication of disoase that would tend to diminish tbo prospects ot abundant returns of fine and healthy grain at the ingathering, At tho exhibitions of agricultural produco in Tonwoomba and Warwick, in January or February next, we shall expect to see samples of wheat which for quality and weight per bushel will surpass any collection ever beforo prepared for exhibition, or with the view of informing tbe world of tbe wealth of tbe «oiU of tbe Darling Downs. At the Police Court, on Tuesday, twenty two persons wer.' lined, in hiiub ranging from fts to 10s ami costs, for allowing horses aud cattle to stray in the streets. With sincere royrjt we learn that :iu accident of a serious ulnm- titr liap;ieiic 1, nu Monday last, ti- Dr Crosby, of lUll.y. Tlia diictur, wo arc informed, was inspecting s'in.! horses when be received a severe kick oil the side of the head from one of the animals. The kick was followed by bleeding from the nars and mouth, and on Ttu-wlay. wo are sorry to stnt'j, tlie unfortunate gentleman was in a very precarious c iiiditiou. A sale of Drum Major and Tamerlane mils, (he property nf A. V. C.-irpi-iid.-il,-, Ksq., was held yesterday at tin- Slww Yards of the liiiyal Agricultural Society by Mr. I. W. dim,.,. There was a « ml i.tt.'ndu.icc ; but the bidding was far from spirited, owing no doubt to the colts appearing in plain eon ditioii. At tho commencement of the sile Mr (irimrs informed the company that the dorses hud never been treated to stable feed iny. The following lots were dis]i .seil of : — Ilium Major colts ; Warrior. .'.-Jd, Mr Moody; IS.-ivon.it. i'12, Mi Moody: Itril liant, £1!), Mr Oallan ; Mannion, ,-:12 Ills, [ Mr Williams; The --..nnt, '.|.\ Mr M.»vly : Kmi-s1..i-,.iivIi, i'l.S Hl-i. MrCiIlm: .-..^i.d;, tT l.'i«, Mr l'innie ; Ilic Don. till, Mr*;, li. King. Tamerlane colts : ll.lips,,. £18 Ills, MrCall.m; Imperial, x'2l. Dr. liolierts. The brood inai-e (ix/.Me, by Drum Major, was purchased by Mr Scholtield fjrilS ; and two marcs by Drum Major were Imught for Mr Cole— one nt £20, aud the otlierat iMS ISs ; Nelly, in foal to Drum Major, was sold to Mr Harry for £7 ; Midnight and foal, by Drum Major, fell to Mr G. King fur i'12; and l,n IjU, with foal by the same sire, was knocked down to Mr Scholficld for .£12. .Several draught mares in foal, and with foals by Farmers' Glory, were afterwards sold at prices ranging from ±'12 to x'lo. Bv advertisement in the Ipswich papers it is announced that abaut JjSGi) acres resumed from Uraiitliam run, aud IlMSU acres resumed from Fraiiklyu Vale ran, will be thrown open to selection as hoiiisstead areas at tlic Ipswich Land Ollice, m Tuesday, | December T. Tin: lady principal of the aids' Uaminar School, Urisbauc, having beei. unable to agree with the trustees in maters of disci pline, lias tendered her resignation. The trustees have invited applications for the nllicc— the salary being lixed it i'-Jjl) per annum. Mkssrs Sn.MV.iN & Simi^iin, of Sydney, vepnrt Invving wild by private eontrart, mi account of Mr W. .1. Forrester, his llangatc Ktatinn in the Wnrre^o district, together with the herd of cattle thereon, at C, 7s per head, bcliHiyiii-rs at a valuation. Tot»l amount of purchase mutiny, jMll.liffll. Mr Lanyhlu I'urkcr, of Victoria, purchaser. liiiJl.i.— The stock iiinveiiiciiLs diiriii' tin: last week have been as follow; : Tin- 1(1011 head of cattle mentioned in out last b. ).,»/,'- ing to Mr Lord, are now at ( 'attic - reek. These cattle .ire a portion -if a herd of L'llllll head purchased from Messrs bud. -.l Ksk dale, by Mr Simoon Lord, of Ciillo.len .t.i lion, near liowen Downs, ami are intended to slock country on the ThouipMin. ? The brecdingenws, 11)00 in number, innstof wlioni arcnowcalviii'. have been left, -it IJiicioinbali station, on the Dawxon. ai ranK.ni.nts li i\ in' been made with tlic owner, Mr lilaek. for tlia't purpose. A mob of I0IMI head mixed cattle, in charge of Mr S. Nail, from Mr Mortons station, Wct.her.ni, on tliv l'.umett, aiv in the ncighborl ? I -?» r,,ou to Cooper's ( reeli, to occupy country taken up by Me-»r.- Web ber ..lid' Co. M'r II. I'. Soii|1'l.-..t it; (KiNsiliK Mount lintton. in chaise of -I I in ),,.,,! ,,l mixed cattle, the property of Mr M'l.'.iuucl. -if Cressbiook, near Ipswich, on their way to stock country purchased by the latter gentleman from Messrs Rome liVothers. Mr 1''. I,. llig^inK.m has started for \'ict--ria, in charge of S:iOI- fat lilicep fr ? Amby Downs. — IIVw.i-,1 M.ir, Niivumber I.I. TilK Superiiitendctit of the l.'lcdiie Telu j;raph Dcpartuicnt is in reivitit of advices from Singapore, statin' that the cable bc tni'iiii IVtiain; and Madras is interrupted. Communication between Nagasaki aud Kad wosstock in also sus[;endeil. As we believe a good many of the seamen of the Hasilisk were paid oil in these colonies before the departure of that vessel for Kngland, some interest attaches to the notice just issued from the Admiralty of the amount awarded t» tbc ofiictrs and crew for the capture nf the Crishna. on January U, 1S73, for breach of the Kidnapping Act. This distribution commenced on August .'II, in the prize branch of the department of the AeenuutatiM.'eneral. The following arc the shares due to an individual in tliescviial classes:— Captain, £11 4 I!ls 111,1; Bemud class, £32 12s -M ; third class, A'27 l!)s ,',,1 ; fourth class, .fIS l.'-s ; lifth class, ili I :ia Kid ; nixtb class, .i'9 Cs fid ; seventh class, £-i Ills (id ; eighth class, i'.'f Us 7(1 ; ninth .lass, il 17s3d.--r»iii-iVi\ Somi: weeks ago the following iiotilieatinn appealed in our advertising columns : 'The Hoard of General Education regret that no provision having been made, cither by the Legislature in the new Education Art,*nr bv the Government in the Parliamentary Ksti mates, for further exhibitions tn grammar schools, they arc unable to carry out their intention of holding scholarslitpcxauiiuations in December next.' This announcement has, we know, given considerable dissatisfac tion, especially in the country districts, where both teachers and pupils have, no doubt, been working hard to p:t!) of)' tlie expected scholarships. It was, however, clearly the duty of the Board to give such notice as the foregoing ut the earliest oppor tunity, and we presume they consulted the Government before doiug 6o. However, they aro now requested by the (iovcriitiicut to cause the scholarship examinations to be held next month, and to submit the result to the IDxccutivc. It will rttnaiu with the new | Ministerial head of the Kducation Depart- i incut to decide what shall be the reward of the successful candidates. It will be free education at the Grammar School for a term probably ; possibly, but we think improbably, lifty pounds a-ycar (gram mar sohool fees included) for throe years. The smaller prize may prove an attraction to youths living within easy distaucc of a grammar school, but the pupils of primary schools iu other parts of the colony will derive no bonelit from the scholarship if the prize only covers grammar school fees.- - Uourirr. 