Telegraphic. Gladstone. [i'ROM ODIl OWN COnnESrONDEXT.] November 16 Captain Dei.amarq.ue, of the Camilla, barque just arrived from Noumea, reports picking up on October SO, a ship's longboat, with two sailors?Swedes?givinp; thtir names as Olaf Brunt aud Carl Petersen, who had been seventeen days at Bea, having deserted from the Danish ship Doctor Grant, lying at Opallow Island They had one biscuit left when picked up. Ther stated that the captain was dead, and that the Doctor Grant was in very bad order. Captain Delnmnrque returned to Noumea and handed tho two sailors over to the French authorities. Rockhampton. [KROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.! November 10. At the Land Court, to-day, there were ninety one applications for the land thrown open on Meadow Flat run. A sum exceeding £6G0O was received as deposit fees. Townsville. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT] ' November 16. The E. and A. Co.'s steamship Brisbane arrived from Hongkong this afternoon, at four o'clock after a splendid passage of 15 days. The Aus' tralasian packet, from Port Darwin, was passed off Cardwell. The Brisbane, s., has 120 passengers aud 21!!o packages merchandise for Melbourne, and 5Sf.ii packages of tea and sundries for Sydney, and i resumes her passage southwards to-night. The Kapunda, ship, from Belfast, is in sight, and every arrangement has been made by the authorities for the reception of the immigrants. Cooktown. Vid Townsville, [from OUR OWN correspondent.] November 15. r Tho Hon. H. E. King, Minister for Works and Mines, lauded yesterday, and starts for the Palmer on Wednesday. The City of Exeter, s., arrived on Saturday, from Hongkong, with 385 Chinese passengers. Sydney, [australian associated tress.] November 10. The Cricket Association has declined to act officially in the proposed match with Queens- land in consequence of tho intercolonial match with Victoria being played at the time proposed. Parliament [ was opened to-day by His Excellency the Governor, with the usual ceremony. The Speech states, in reference to the revenue > that on October 31, the increaso {sic) had reached the sum of £510,743, with every prospect of au improvement during the remaining two months of the year. The paragraphs referring to tho proposals' of tho Government state that bills for the moro effectual regulation of the various milling interests will be introduced, together with-measures for the re-establishment of an amended system of stamp duties j for the revision of the tariff and Customs laws ; for ex- tending the advantages of public education ; for the moro satisfactory regulation of municipali- ties ; for the extension of railways and tele- graphs ; for tho management of public roads j for the storage and carriage of gunpowder ; for regulating the sale of poisons ; for defining thc privileges of Parliament; for tho improvemeut of military defences ; for the facilitating of thc introduction into the colony of suitable immi- grants ; and to provide f»r tho treatment of lunatics. A bill for the amendment of the Electoral law will bo also introduced during the session, the main objects of tho measure beiug the correction of the anomalies in the now existing representation of the various electorates, which have from tho increase of population and de- velopment of local industries, and a variety of causes, outgrown the provisions of the law of 1S5S. The debato on the reply to thc address is now proceeding, Mr. Parkes stigmatising the speech as really meaning nothing. Waller, Clerk of Petty Sessions at Tumber umba, charged with embezzlement of public moneys, haB been remanded. Sailed : Egmont, b., for Brisbano. Melbourne. [australian associated press.] November lfl. A further investigation into tho case in which Mr. Mason, M.L.A., is accused by certain book- makers aa being a defaulter, Bhows.that he did bet with some members of the ring, and they allege that tho bets remain unpaid. The V. H. Club Committeo will now take the matter up. The public won about £30,000 over Wollomai's victory in tho Cup ; but tho settliug, generally, was rather against backers of horses. The V. ll. Club made a profit of over £6000 by the meeting. The Government are making reductions in the public service. Clips of over 20Jlbs. weight have been obtained from Austin's loug-woolled sheep. Messra. Green's new ship Melbouruo arrived from London this morning. Tho Victorian team is at present ahead iu.tiie small-bore rifle match. Later advices from the Capo of Good Hope. per Arawata, s., Btato that tho rebellion on tho diamond fields had collapsed?Henry Tucker »nd other leaders having been arrested. Irang Dahl, a Russian, has Bworn that he wai a spy with the rebels at Kimberley, and that part of their plot was to carry off Lieutenant Governor Southey and his secretary (Mr. Currey), and put thom over the Vaal. An expedition has been sent to fever-haunted marsh-lauds of North-western Africa, to punish n horde of pirates for plundering British vessel? early in the year. Several war vessek, under Commodore Hewitt, C.B., proceeded up the Congo River, but wcro compelled to come to an anchor in con- sequence of the difficulties of navigation. A proclamation in a supplement to the Government Go.-c«c,"published yesterday, rescinds the proclamation of September last, setting apart a portion of the building and premises ot the hospital at Toowoomba for the purposes of a Lunatic Reception House. Another proclaim tion revokes the proclamation made in May, 1S67, constituting the Island of St. Helena, in Moreton Bay, a place for the detention ot criminals under sentenco of hard labor and penal servitude, nnd forbidding anyone to approach or land upon the said island j and notifies and declares, in lieu thereof, the said island to be a gaol, prison, nnd house of correction. The same issue of the Gazette contains in full the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, passed by the Imperial Parliament. The Committee of tho Chamber of Commerce will raett this afternoon, nt half- past three o'clock, at their offices, Queen-street. As ¦articular business will be brought on for discussion, a full attendance is requested. A deputation from the Municipal Council, consisting of Aldermen A. Hubbard, J. L. Bale, the Town Clerk, and the City Engineer, waited upon the Acting- Colonial Secretary yesterday afternoon, with the view of inducing tho Gov- ernment to allow the Corporation to have the surplus earth taken from tho roads during the construction of sewers to any depot convenient for using it to fill up depressions in the streets, and especially where Buch sewers would bo above the ordinary level of the rood. Tho deputation particularly referred to the excavations going on at present in Creek-street, and tho City Engineer explained that this ma- terial, which the contractor now claimed ns his property, had cost the Corporation iix shillings a square yard. Mr. Hemmr-ut said that he had been made aware of the objects of the deputation, and if possible would have been clad to meet them. After looking at tho speci- fications cf the contract for the Creek-street sewer, however, ho found that the contractors were only required to find a suitable depot for the earth, the choice of which lay with them. As long as they did that the Government had lio right to interfere, and could not dictuto where it should be placed. Perhaps the Corporation might interdict them from using any spot that they did not approve of, 'but at the same time, they could not compel the contractors to put it in any particular depot. Had the Corporation made a similar application for the earth in this ca3e to that made in connection with the earth to be taken from the new dock at South Brisbane?that is, bef oro the contract was Bigned _a clausecould have been inserted in the contract, which would have allowed the Corporation to have the surplus material carted whoro they pleased. At it was, it was the property of the contractors. It would be no expense to them to have it carted away by other people, and ho thought, if the deputation waited on thosa gentlemen without mentioning the presont inter- view, no doubt advantageous terms could be made. In connection with the removal of valu- able material, he might state that tho contrac- tors would fifi its place by the sewer, which they would have to cover, aud also fill up tho Btreet to the same level as they found it. The deputa- tion, having thanked Mr. Hemmant, withdrew. A letter was read at the last meetiug of the Municipal Council, from thc Colonial Architect, iuforming them that they could be no longer per- mitted to take stone from the Leichhardt-street quarries, as it probably would be required for Government works. Hitherto the Corporation have used the quarry, subject to the permission of the Government, but that permission, by tho letter referred to, is formally withdrawn. We are informed, however, that Mr. Stanley called upon tho Town JClerk yesterday uioruhig, and intimated verbally that the Council might con- tinue to take stone from the quarry for the present. But the Council should ut once seek out a convenient quarry of their own, capable of furnishing them with un ample supply of good road metal; and, in doing this, ive would suggest to the Council the importance of obtaining really suitable stone, whatever the cost. A soft metal, which quickly pulverises to dust, is the dearest they can buy, whatever ita first cost, and in fact worse than useless. Only a really durable aud well-tried articlo should be used for top-dressing. Tho present largo accu- mulation of dust in the principal streets is a cause [of much discomfort, os well as damage to shop goods and other property, and causes the water-tables to be continually choked. Tho fault is partly in the inferior quality of the road metal; but this is not all. Tho mud formerly used to be scraped off the streets in wot weather with tolerable regularity; but this good practico has been discontinued. Wo are aware that a horse "street-scraper" is tobe obtained from Melbourne, and this affords gratifying evidence that the Council havo not entirely forgotten their duty in this particular, but it is surely no sufficient reason for neglecting tho streots alto- gether iu the meantime. Judging from a request made by a special jury engaged in a case in tho Supreme Court yesterday, the anxiety of the gentlemen con- nected with the higher branch of tho legal pro fe^ion to " do justice to their clients" is not always duly appreciated by the gentlemen for I whose special edification they usually exercise their powers of eloquence. When the cvidouce in the casein question had all been taken, the spokes- man of the jury coolly informed the Court ' that they would be very glad to excuse the counsel engaged from further trouble. They had taken copious notes of the proceedings, had made up their minds, and did uot sven wish to hear the learned Judge's slimming up, unless it was absolutely necessary that they should do so. HU Honor the Chief Justice?who, by the way, did not appear to discourage thia innovation ?said the matter rested entirely with the coun »t-l engaged. Mr. Blake, who was engaged for the defeuce, and who it appears had heard a simihr attempt made at Rockhampton to undermine the privileges of the pro- fession to which he belonged, pointed out, in his peculiar, deliberate style, that it was tho bounden duty of counsel " to give Hie jury the benefit of their experience on the evidence adduced before them, and it was also due to the learned Judge to bring tho facts be- fore the jury."?The Chief Justice : But they »ay they have listened attentively to the case.? Mr. Blake : It depends whether the jury have unde up their minds so that nothing can alter them ; whether they aro so completely formed that any views presented to them which may not have struck them before could alter their opinion.?The Chief Justice : I have no control r. »ver the matter; I have nothing to say.?The Attoruey-General, who appeared for the defence, intimated that he had no desire to address the jury; but Mr. Blake, who perhaps Iud an inkling that the minds of the jury had uot been "made up" precisely in the way ho could desire, could not shirk his duty in that heartless manner, and delivered an address, which the learned Judge subsequently told them was worthy their very serious consideration. But these gentlemen appeared still determined to save as much of the public time as they could, and His Honor had not proceeded far in 'tis summing up before he was informed that they " did not wish to trouble him any further," and a verdict was forthwith given for the defendants. Tue "Lottery Ticket" and "Ixion" were repeated at the Queensland Theatre last night. ^"» evening will be the last occasion on which Ixion" will be produced, as it has to give I'lace, on Thursday, to "The Oreen Bushes." °« friday night Mr. Frank Towers will take * benefit, on which occasion "A Regular Fix" M>1 the burlesque of " Black-Eyed Susan "wilt t0«n the programme. ¦?..'__ i: ¦'¦"¦¦ ?: '.. ",'-' An advertisement appears in our front page I to-day which will amuse the gentlemen inter- ested in the formation of the proposed steam company, and our readers generally. The satire of the writer is terribly keen, and poor Brisbane suffers sorely at his hands. We hope our Northern friends will appreciate his tender interest in their welfare, and will recognise how inexpressibly dear they continue to be to " the old man " Sydney, and how grieved the " pre- sent colony " is at this wicked attempt to weaken the ties that bind them to its apron strings -perhaps purse strings would be the bettor phrase. Some weeks ago the following notification ap- peared iu our advertising columus :?" The Board of General Education regret that no pro- vision having been made, either by the Legis- lature in the new Education Act, or by the Government in the Parliamentary. Estimates, for further exhibitions to grammar schools they are unable to carry out their intention of holding scholarship examinations, in December next." This announcement has, we know given considerable dissatisfaction, especially in the country districts, where both pupils and teachers have no doubt been workiug hard to pull off theexpected scholarships. It was, however, clearly the duty of the Board to give such notice a» the foregoing at the earliest opportunity, and we presume they consulted tho Government before doing so. Howe%'er,. they, are now re- quested by tho Government to cause the scholar i ship examinations to be held next mouth, and l to submit the reBult to the Executive. It will remain with the new Ministerial head of the Education Department to decide what shall be the reward of the successful candidates. Free education at the grammar school for a term probably. Possibly, but we think improbably, £50 a-year (grammar- school fees included) for three years. The smaller prize may prove an attraction to youths "|liviug within easy distance of a grammar schools, but tho pupils of primary schools in other'parts of the colony will derive no benefit from the scholarships if (the, prize only covers Grammar school fees. The proposed musical tournament has as- sumed a definite form, as will be perceived on referonce to our advertising columns. The con- ditions under which it is proposed that the contest should take place appear to be well con- sidered, and the mode of judging is probably the most convenient possible, although perhaps not so satisfactory to classical students as would bo the decision of high-class professiouals. Oue suggestion might he worthy of the consideration of the managers. Public judg- ment is often deluded, and the general suffrages won by mere novelty, nnd ns a rulo vocal is more popular than instrumental music. For cxuuiplo, the Australinu Bellringers could fill a hall, and win repeated encores by performances which, critically considered, were very poor music; music in fact which a very ordinary pianoforte player could easily surpass. But tho pianoforte is so continually hoard thnt little attention ia paid to a solo on that instrument. Even Madame Mallalieu, admirable performer as she is, seldom gets an encore for pieces which could only bo played as she plays them after very many years of constant study, while tho very next number on the programme?a trifling ballad it might be, which anyone gifted with a good voice could deliver .is well as it could be sung after taking a quarter's lessous?baa been raptur- ously redemanded. These facts will be at once apparent, wo havo no doubt, and it might be worthy of the attention of tho management to consider whether any plan could be adoptod by which instrumentalists of all kinds should be judged by their comparative efficiency, and vocalists should compete only against each other. The huinau voice is tho most sympathetic of sound producers, and what is desired is, we pro" sume, not sympathy but judgment. At tho conclusion, tho best instiumentalist and the best vocalist might contend for tho favor of the audience, who, at that stago of tho proceedings, would probably bo sufficiently interested and instructed to distinguish between natural gifts and real artistic ability. We merely throw this out as a suggestion. The tournament in any case is sure to be interesting, and is about tho best method of raising mouey for church pur- poses that we havo yet heard of, being besides especially appropriate to the particular object.in this case?the purchase of a peal of bells. THE Municipal Council have discovered that no provision has been made by the Government in tho contract v.itbJMessra. Walters and Patten for the storm culvert in course of construction, to secure to the Council the road metal removed from tho streets by tho excavations fr the culvert. Alderman Bale called the attention of the Coun- cil to this subject at tho regular meeting on Monday, and pointed out that metal which had cost the Corporation six shillings a yard, waa beiug appropriated by the Government contrac- tors ; and, after deliberation, a deputation was appointed to wait on the. Treasurer in refereuco to the matter. This they did yesterday, and learnt from Mr. Hemmant that thero is now no remedy for the evil complained of. A clauso iu the contract which the Council had depended upon, provides that the contractors shall remove the material excavated to suitable depots, but gives tho Government no authority to select these depots, only to take exception in tho event of unsuitable places being chosen. Tho Municipal Council might also object in a similar manner to the deposit of material in any parti- cular locality within Municipal boundaries, but they cannot dictate to the contractors where it shall be put The contractors rightfully claim the material as their property, by virtue of their specification ; but the Council will suffer by this oversight, and more than would at first appear. The culvert in Adelaide-street, for instanco, will iu one place be several feet above the present level of the street, whilst, a little distance off it will bo considerably below. Now, in places of this kind the cuttings from one place should go towards filling up the depressions in another, and so make |the street to the perma- nent lovel at a comparatively small cost ; but this cannot now be done, unless the Council are able to come to an understanding with the Government contractors, and pay them ;a cer. tain sum to do the work. We presume, also that where cuttings ure necessary, the contractors are bound by the future permanent level, and not with the present actual level. If so, this in- volves the necessity of making the streets? Adelaide-street is a case in point?at a time when the Council have literally no funds at their disposal for the purpose. There is a further question that invites enquiry. What are the contractors required to do in those atreets disturbed by them which are already at the permanent level! They are doubtless re- quired to put a level face on the street above their culvert, but are they obliged to re-metal the road, and, in fact, to leave it in good order and condition as they found ii In future con- tracts of this kind the Corporation should be ' careful to see that their interests are duly pro- tected. 