THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORNING, JUÜE 24, 1875. A FEW months past we noticed the fact that a novel experiment, as applied to the employment of labour, wtis about to be tested in Victoria, by the establishment of a National Labour Bureau, at Melbourne. The establishment and ultimate successful operation of tho institution was a hazardous undertaking, even under the most favourable auspices, but tho objects to be attained appear to have been regarded of suffi- cient social importance to risk a trial. The nefarious and usurious practices carried on for years by the numerous so- called " labour offices" in Melbourne, had been repeatedly exposed in the public journals, and had, at such times, enlisted public sympathy with the sufferers and aroused indignation. There was no concealment of the fact that many of these self-styled labour depots were neither more nor less than pitfalls of moral destruction to hundreds of unwary female immi- grants, dens of usury to the thrifty and needy, and sources of comparative opulence-profit would be too<vague a term-to their unconscion- able proprietors. The immoral influence of this social cancer had spread to such a degree that the proposal for the establishment of a National Labour Bureau was immediately entertained ; preliminary arrangements, based on principles of efficiency and economy in management, wore satisfactorily carried out ; and the efforts of a few philanthropic gentlemen were promptly and praiseworthily backed by Government recognition and support. From the initiation of the scheme, it was distinctly understood that the bureau should be made self-supporting ; this condition of its future existence necessitated a scale of foes, which for a time deterred employers from availing themselves of the advantages offered by the institution, they having complained that the rates were too high : so the managing committee wisely concluded to reduce the dues to such an amount as would afford no ground of excuse under the head of expense. The result has been sufficiently satisfactory to enable the com- mittee, through their chairman, Mr. GEORGE COPPIN, to publicly announce that they " have no misgivings concerning the future success of the bureau." The first quarterly report has just been published, arfd when it is recollected that any estimate of the work accomplished up to the present must necessarily involve a generous margin for the details of organisa- tion, the document is eminently encouraging. In the female department the demand has been greatly in excess of the supply, the cause as- signed being the great inducements held out to girls by clothing factories, " influencing, at the lowest computation, three-fourths of those who ought to be in domestic service. " The proportion of engagements to applications for employment was small, being for males 159 as against 808, and for females 184 as against 486. Good general servants were greatly in request, as many as 111 finding "employment out of 125 applicants, at from £16 to £40 per annum. The report mon tiona, however, that from these figures it must not be inferred that the number engaged were exclusively from those registered as general servants, " many who had entered their names in other callings engaging in that occupation." The most distressing portion of the report is that bearing reference to the superior and educated classes of females. It is significantly mentioned that for this particular class of workers there has been no call. "For the superior and educated classes of females, there has been, I am sorry to say, no opening-and' such are worthy of the greatest sympathy." So reports the chairman of committee. Of 67 womon registered as governesses, housekeepers, and companions, threo only met with engage- ments. The registrations in the male branch considerably exceeded the engagements ; and many acknowledgments had been received of the satisfaction of employers with female servants obtained through tho medium of the office ; while on the other hand, the committee have boen compelled to forbid such as had miscon- ducted themselves, from seeking future employ- ment through the bureau. MISSIONARY enterprise has for years found a fitting field of labour among the immense masses of population in India, and with a fair measure of success. Only recently it was asserted that an eminent authority had calculated, and the statement was published in the blue book of India, that if the conversions to Christianity went on at the same rates that they had done during the lost ten years, in the year 2001 there would be as many native Christians in India as there were now people in British India. Sotting asido altogether the moot points whether the so-called conversions are of a lasting character, and whether, in a great, many instances, much real good is done, we may admit that some beneficial results have followed the arduous labours of missionaries. Tho almost total sup- pression of those horrible practices of which the natives wore, in former times, guilty during times of religious frenzy, and when they wore carriedawayby zeal for tho gods they worshipped, is iv result of British law and order, assisted by Christian missionary ontcrprise, which must find sympathetic approval in every human breast. That tho work of converting the masses should bogin at home is generally conceded, but there is much in tho reply to such an observa- tion, especially when it is used ¡as# taunt, that such a work docs not ond thoro. Thero are wide fields of labour in the world yet unoccupied, and these will in time be the scenes of Mission- ary work, carried on at the expenso of all tho sections of the Christian Church. It has not escaped observation how harmoniously the various branches of the Church work together in these foreign lands. There may ,bo a little rivalry amongst them, but only sufficient to act as a stimulant, and nerve them to strive for future success. " There is somo soul of good- ness in things ovil, would men obsoryingby distil it out." Segregation in tho Church may be a felicitious subject for the ridicule of sceptic- ism, but it has its UBOS. If competition is tho I soul of business in worldly affairs, a spice of rivalry among religious sects in their efforts to christianise the heathen is one of the best means to attain tho end in view. When desirable, those sects can work hand-in-haud, und in this way they frequently accomplish a work which would otherwise not be done. Especially let some heterodox body attempt to occupy fields which perhaps have never been visited, and at once thoro is a rush of mission- aries attached to the various divisions of the Church-a most decided swooping down on the folds of tho natives, which must occasion thom somo surprise, and cause them to wonder for what purpose thoy are to receive the visits of those emissaries of other roligiouB bodios. The money that has been expended in missionary enterprise has caused humorous schemes to bp carried out for the more speedy and successful attainment of the object in view, but perhaps one which will receive the warmest approval is a scheme that has recently been proposed for India. The principal object is to establish insti- tutions for the training of men and women, to be what are called "medical missionaries." Primarily, they must be earnest Christians, and if prompted with a desire to become missionaries, an opportunity will be afforded them of studying medicine, and tims the Gospel and the healing art will go hand in hand. Efforts are being made in Great Britain to raibe funds to establish these institutions. From a speech recently delivered at Manchester by Dr. VALENTINE, Physician to the Rajah of Jeypore, and a missionary who has been very successful, we gather that the first part of the scheme is an institution at Agra, which shall have accommodation for forty or fifty natives, converts to Christianity, who, after receiving a medical training, will be sent out to labour in their twofold capacity. The second part of the scheme referred to the training of ladies as missionaries. It seems that in the upper pro- vinces of Lucknow and Delhi there are zenana missionaries,-English Protestant ladies who have devoted themselves to the work ; but very few of the upper clasB of Hindoos and Mussel men were open to their visits ; while in the lower provinces they are anxious to receive instructions. According to Dr. VALENTINE, it has been said that these zenana missionaries aro carrying on their work in a clandestine manner, entering the houses on the pretence of teaching needlework and fancy work, and having once got access, introducing the Bible and other religious books. The worthy Doctor appears to have been shocked that such an aspersion should have been cast upon these ladies. " The idea," he says, " of English protestant ladies being so faithless, and so misunderstanding the principles of Christianity, as to carry on a good work in a wrong way, was absurd, and perfectly untenable, and he hoped that whenever any of those heard the statement they would contradict it." AVo are afraid the Doctor is not a good authority. It has for a long time been, and still is, asserted by those who have resided in these provinces,that underhand means of carrying out their work are frequently adopted by missionaries of both sexes. If it is the case, there aro no words too strong for its condemnation. If Christianity cannot be propagated in a fair and open manner, then the labours of those engaged in it had far better cease at once. What we remarked before about rivalry is forcibly illustrated in this case, the only difference being that the competitors are not likely to work together in any way. In support of his statement that the present move- ment was introduced to Englishmen at a most important and critical time, Dr. VALENTINE said :-" Miss CARPENTER had taken to India a number of ladies who were not christians, but Unitarians, who would not teach Christianity, but unitarianism. Of course Miss CARPENTER was consistent in doing this, but hers was a form of religion which they, as christians, would not like to see spread in India. In the sanio manner that the ladies in the lower pro- vinces of India were finding access to the zenanas, there were in America Unitarian ladies studying medicine for a similar purpose, and there was no doubt that these ladies were taking advantage of the opportunity and propagating Unitarian principles. Now, therefore, was tho time for the Church to como forward and tako advantage of this opening. If she did not do so, the opportunity might, humanly speaking, pass away from us altogether." SINCE the dayB of THOMAS DIBDIN perhaps no man has achieved more popularity among the mariners of the United Kingdom than Mr. PLIM- SOLL, M.P. for Derby. His disinterested and persistent efforts not only to awaken public sympathy In behalf of " Poor Jack," but, also, to introduce legislation for tho better preserva- tion of seamen's lives, has made His name as " familiar as household words " wherever the English language is spokon. Mr. PLIMSOLL's popularity is not of that evanescent type which is ushered into existence by mob-clamour and afterwards allowed to perish by faint praise ; it has assumed a substantiality of more solidity than mere words and a breadth of feeling which bespeaks its earnestness and robustness. Tho Amalgamated Society of Engineers recently entertained Mr. PLIMSOLL at dinner in London, and on that occasion they presented him with. £1,000 and a handsomely framed address, express- ing the warm interest taken by the skilled iron- workers in his proceedings on behalf of sailors. In replying to this handsome presentation, Mr. PLIMSOLL uttered general facts of the utmost significance to the large class for whom he is pleading, and also exhibiting indifference and recklessness on the part of thoso in authority. Every day, he said, brought him fresh evidence of tho need of that legislation ho demanded, and if any proof were wanted of that neod, the fact'that during the last winter 23 steamers had gone down, owing to circumstances not wholly duo to the wcathor, causing vast loss of life, would supply that fact, This. ,statemont of itself is sufficiently startling, but thoro follows a disclosure of equally serious magnitude. According to Mr. PLIMSOLL, " it had come out" that iron ships wore built only 33 per cent, stronger than the amount they were supposed to carry, "while tho lowest strength of a girder, a bridge, or anything else which had to carry weight was 2J times stronger than the weight it was expected to bear. '' Tho result of this little extra percentage of strength, was such as might bo safely anticipated. Careless- ness in building the vessel, or in subsequent overloading, was certain to end in disaster and loss of lifo. Little if any doubt can be enter- tained that scores of losses at sea, whick have been attributed to tremendous seas or tembló gales, were caused wholly and solely by the recklessness referred to. " Tho fact was, the ships were lost owing to tho homicidal greed of the shipbuilder first, and the ship- owner afierwards. It was utter nonsense to say that ' tremendous seas ' had done the mis- chief, as the calamities »roso from the ill-finding of the ships themselves ; for in the case of the La Plata, and of other vsssols which Had been wrecked, little boats were on the wator at tho time when thoso ships went down." With regard to ships going out of port overloaded, Mr. PLIMSOLL said that he lately called atten-. tion to a ship Bailing from Cardiff with a load double her tonnage. The Board of Trade officer said silo was overloaded, but the ship sailed and went to the bottom, with twenty-nine human beings on board. An accumulation of fnc¿s such as thoso already nar- rated, act, it must bo admitted, as a firm basis for the great practical work voluntarily under- taken by Mr. PLIMSOLL ; at the samo timo, it is matter of regrot that he-earnest and sincoro though ho bo-has not steered clear of the fail- ings of all ardent reformers. Mr. PLIMSOLL is pregnant of vituperation and off-hand denuncia- tion, His utterances oro burtlionod with reitera- tivo reflections and accusations against ship- builders and shipowners, classes which ho stig- matises as dishonost and suffering from chronic " homicidal greed," Ignorance or wilful nogli genco might huvo played a conspicuous part in many of the disasters enumerated by Mr. PLIMSOLL, but to characterise an influential body of geiitlemon as little better than street roughs militâtes greatly against the reformation sought, A man must be wholly and unreasonably curriod away by his subject when ho publioly as- serts, as did Mr. PLIMSOLL, that " Bailors woro allowed to go to their deaths to increase the profits of some blackguard shipowners ; " and "tho greed of gain lnu} Ijuun as unchecked in the shipowners as it was in ¿ho slaveowners, until they had como to look upon the losses of these poor sailors as nothing." Divested of tbejr spocial p1ea4jng attributes, fteio sentence» amount to drivel, pure and simple. Sincerity and assiduity will and must assùt Mr. PLIMSOLL to attain his object ; abuse and slander will cause him to be avoided and suspected. ELECTIONS.-To-morrow is the last day for receiving nominations for the vacant Legislativo Council seats for Hobart and Tamar. For the former, Sir James M. Wilson will, of course, be roturned unopposed. It seems, too, probable that Mr. Grubb will also walk the course for Tamar. Such a result, in both cases, will be regarded with very different feelings Every one admits Sir James deserves the honour. No one will say as much for Mr." Grubb, not even his rcquisitiomsts. His return will prove an injury to the colony and not add to the prestige of a seat in the Tasmanian legislature. STUDY AND HEALTH.-Judging from the Council of Education's return published in lost Gazette, brain work is not so injurious to health as generally supposed. At any rate close study is singularly favourable to life in this colony. Since the institu- tion of the degree of Associate of Arts in 1S0O, fifteen years ago, 120 candidates have passed, and 125 of them are still alive. In other words during the fifteen years there have been only four deaths. MUD.-The streets are again in a most disgrace- fully dirty state. We do hope that as the City Council have hitherto had so much consideration for the contractors, or men whose duty it is to clean the streets, they will for once have a little regard to those who pay rates, and allow them to travel, along the streets, and especially the crossings, with an approach to comfort. EXHIBITIONS COMMISSION.-The Commissioners of the Intercolonial and Philadelphia Exhibitions met yesterday, in the reporters' ropm, Parliamentary Buildings. Present : Dr. Agnew (in the chair), Messrs. Browne, Giblin, Crisp, and Castray. A letter was read from Mr."G. O. Levey, secretary to tho Melbourne Commission, asking whether Tas- mania would have a separate court at the Melbourne exhibition, or allow ita exhibits to bo distributed throughout the building with the similar classes of exhibits from the other colonies, and whether it would have a separato catalogue. It was decided to write to Mr. Levey for information as to the course likely to bo taken by the other colonies. A good deal of correspondence respecting exhibits was read. Dr. Coverdale had forwarded a spinning jenny and egg-stand (referred to in another paragraph) and also some gelatinous sea-weed, from Port Arthur. The following persons promised exhibits : -W. H. Gibson, Snake Banks, wool; R. Q. Kermodo, Mona Vale, Bait, wool, and freestone ; Miss Blyth, Barrack-street ; W. Murray, O'Brien's Bridge, candles, soap, vinegar, and colonial wine ; H. H. Bailey, six books of Tasmanian views, cabinet size ; W. Dean, Belmont, wheat ; Johnson Brothers, jams, jellies, and preserved fruit ; Moir, shot, The Commission then adjourned. Wo may mention that intending exhibitors, who can do so, would greatly oblige tho Secretary if they will forward their exhibits as soon as possible, in order that the work of preparing the catalogue may be facilitated. SPECIMENS OF TURNERY.-A few exhibits for the Melbourne and Philadelphia Exhibitions have already been forwarded to the secretary of the commission, Mr. Hull, and are now in the committee room at the Parliamentary Buildings. Among them are two admirable specimens of workmanship which cannot fail to elicit admiration from all who see them. The first is a cruet stand and egg stand com- bined, made of turned myrtle wood, polished, and valued at £10. The various cups, salt cellars, and pepper- bottles are of carved whales teeth, in an exquisite tulip pattern. The handle is also of carved whale's teeth, and representing leaves. The maker is a mechanic named named P. O. Carlsen, a Danish immigrant, and he has executed the work in his leisure hours, or, as he terms it, "candle work," after his day's labour is over for the Government at Port Arthur, where he is employed. There is also a beautiful drawing-room ornament by the same maker in the shape of a spinning jenny, of carved polished myrtle wood, with carved brass wheels and treadle and turned pedestals, for working in silk, flax, or wool. Mr. Carlsen, who, we may mention, worked for the Paris Exhibition of 1866, when he was at home, is anxious that the jenny should be seen in Philadelphia, as he believes that it would be highly prized there. ORDINATION AT ST. DAVID'S.-To-day being tho festival of St. John the Baptist, tho Bishop of Tas- mania will admit ono candidate to the order of priest, and two to the order of deacon. Tho ordina- tion will be held at the request of tho Very Rev. Dean Macartney, who is acting as Vicar-General of tho Diocese of Melbourno in tho absence of tho Bishop. Morning prayers will be held at 7*30 a.m., and ordination service will begin at 11. TEMPERANCE GUILD OK ST. JOUN THE BAPTIST. Last evening, a service in connection with the second anniversary of the above was held in St. John's Church, Goulburn-street. There was a large congregation. The prayers, chiefly from the Church of England Temperance Manual, wero offered by tho Rev. C. P. Greene, President of tho Guild. Addresses bearing upon the work of the Guild were given by tho Revs. Canon Bromby, C. P. Greene, and J. Gray. Five hymus selected from- the Rev. Stone's Temperance Hymn Rook wero sung by the congregation. This eveqing the" annual tea meeting of the Guild, will take place in St. John's school- room. UNITED RELIGIOUS ' SERVICES.-Another service was held in the Town Hall last evening, but there waa a marked falling off in the attendance as com- pared with the large audiences at previous services, attributable to somo extent, to the inclement weather. The Rev. J. Scott presided. Besides him, tho Revs. W. C. Robinson and J. W. Simmons, and Mr. Finlayson took part in the meeting. The Revs. J. White and B. S. Bird were also present. ' This evening thoro will be a servioo in the Peoplo's Hall. To-day and during the rest of the week the mid-day prayer meetings will be held in the Alliance Rooms. PRAYER MEETINO.-It is notified that a union daily prayer meeting, will be held at the Alliance Rooms, from twelve till a quarter to one o'clock. ERRATUM.-In our notice yesterday of the enter- tainment given by the pupils of tho Collegiate School, wo were made to say that certain prizes were presented by "a venorablo gentleman-the phrase omployed in the report-and Dr. Smart." For " venerable " read " mercantile." MASONIC. - The Tasmanian Operativo Lodge (345, I.C) will meet for the despatch of business, at high twelve this day. In the ovoning a banquet will ho held at the Freemasons' Hall, at 8 p.m. when the various lodges in town will dine together. The members of the Tasmanian Union Lodge (530, E.C ,) will meot for the despulen of business, at half-past six o'clook sharp, at thoFiesmasons' Hall. CONVERSAZIONE.-A conversazione and proraenadp concert in connection with the celebration of the first anniversary of the SunrUo Lodge of Good Templars, will bo held at the Memorial Hall, from seven till ten o'clock this and to- morrow evening. The entertainment will include experiments and short scientific lectures, and vocal and instrumental music. A variety of instructivo aniusoniant will also be provided in the shapo of microscopes, re- volving stereoscopes, pictures, engravings, models, etc. MEETING AT PORT CYGNET.-On Monday a publio meeting of the inhabitants of Port Cygnet wns held at Russell's Assembly Rooms, for the purpose of establishing a branch of the St. Patrick's Socioty in tho district Everything passed off most satisfac- torily, and a resolution was- passed confirming the object of the meeting, Upwards of twenty young men ontored their names as members of the new brauch. NORTHERN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.-It is an- nounced by advertisement in another column that the Spring exhibition in connection with the above named socioty will be held at Longford on Wednes- day tho 20th of October next. In addition to the usual prizes, four special prizes, consisting of champion cups, will bo offered. Tho entry list will close on Wednesday, tho 13th of Ootobor. We have received the Bchedulo of prizes. BANK OK. VAN DIEMENS' LAND.-A general meeting of shareholders will bo held at the bank, Macquario-stroet, at 12 noon of Monday, July öth, when a halfryoarly dividend will bo declared. UNITED YOUNO MKN'S. ASSOCIATION!-The annual mooting of members will bo hold at eight o'clock an Friday evening, in the hall, Trafalgar-pjaoo. POISONED.-About half-past BÍX o'clock last night Dr. Kenrick Lowls was called to see the wife of Mr. Holmes, Lowor Collins-street.' On lite nrrival bo found her suffering from symptoms of poisoning, and in a stalo of complot? insonsibility. It transpired that sho had-whether accidentally or otherwise could not bo ascertained-taken a quantity of car- bolic acid. With tho assistance of Dr. Turnloy the stomach pump was applied, and although sho showed signs of of returning consciousness, it was tho opinion of tho modioal gontlomon that thore ¡B but little cilanco of the unfortunate woman's nltimuto re- covery. MOUNT CAMERON TIN DEPOSITS.-Yostorday's Chronicle is responsible for the following ;-Mr, Benjamin Brooks has returned from Mount Cameron and brings further interesting particulars of pro- gress on tin sections of the Enterprise Company, known as Brooks and Sadlor's seotions. The ketch Tasman was loading with tin oro, and was to leave yesterday with a cargo of between 8 and 10 toiiB. .Slip would have taken moro, but a good doal of difficulty is experienced in getting tho oro carted to the port, only one team being employed at the work. It is expeated that another cargo will bo removed and ready for shipment on tho return of the Tasman. The puddling machine recently created works remarkably well, and whoii in pro» por going ordor, will wash out half a ton por day. Tho faoo of wash dirt is very rich, is 0 to 10 foot high, and is still dipping. Tho EntorprlBO Company's soctions adjoin thoso of tho Priuco of Wales' Com- pany and all front on tho Ringarooma uiver. 