S (Aridgedfrom thle Courier). SGLADnEToa, November 16.-OsptainuDelalhprque; of the Camilla, barque, just arrived fromNoitaia, re porte picking up, on October 80, a ship's longboat,' with two sailors-Swedes-giving their names as Olaf 'Brunt and Carl Petersen, who had been seven. teen days at sea, having, deserted from the Danish ship Doctor Grant, lying at Opallow Islands. They had one biscuit left when pieked up. They stated that the captain was dead,,and that the Doctor Grant-was in very bad order. Captain Delamarque returned to Noumea, and handed the two sailors prer tb' the French authortiee.'. B RocWnarro, November 16.-At the Land Cusrt, to-day; tthbre Wsere-bisttose applicatiom ifoe: the land thrown open.on MeadowElat run. A.sum exceeding £6600 was *eceived.s desi6sitfee, . . ;: ToW~tiycinx,4tesber' 4The E. And A. Co.'s teafseuhip 'Wiabcrio 'arrlved fromi Hdtikbjg this ftert?oon, at 4 o'laok 'after & pjiendid pessage of: filtebn days:. The Kndstsipan'a'pa?e from Port eerln, "we' 'bt 'rdw l!. l "'B.isiqne has Sopaseseege aund 21$0'qagsih lhdinlise for. )elbourqe;dd sdil 855 b b o't ani sundries for Sydney, add tealimee li ; a seenth rds to. The Kapunda, -ship, Trimn Belfast, lain aight, and oery arrangement has hdeo?? ?ae' the authorities pr the reception of'the timl~ e :'" McaLenasOis , Novemsber ?5 he. uishing re. tSprs for thbelpat meek givre ,yi? J4 of:1075 ounces of gold from 895 tons of.tone. Cootiowc, Noveimber 15i.The Hon. H. E. Iing Ministerj'or. Worbk and Minee, lauded yeeteoday, and stsrl'for..the Paeimer on Wednesday. , The City of Sieter 1?'. arrived on 8gk-day, from goonsqgpg,;, 'itith,886 Chimesa pa?e?slp , ie ' Brnn?a - November .1.--The Executive have come suted the sentence of Williamn, Borgess, conficted of murder, to imprisonment for life, the first two years in irn. . . .. The proprietor oef the.leenine Ners.as been sum suoned before the Court faroommentingon the Treeve forgery case .while suo judice. The Oub'amnlls are-espected to arrive in the course of to.morrow afternoon. . -, . , The Vasco di Gems steamer landed at Auckland a shipment of Oregon Ihivhr eslmooyr feor the Napier River. ; 'i1 1o ni c it.s , 'L Nopober 1,6.-vT'e. Qrjq M eiptio has de olined to act oecialnly is ~~e spedlePl h with Queensland in oauequence of the tereolental sntoc with Victpria~tingfplappdqgthe time proposed. . Parliament wps opened todaey by hiq Epcelloncy the Governor, with the iidilul"ereimonyj 'Tb speech steas in reference -to therevbiue6 that en Odtober 81 the inbrease (sic) had reachled the-suin of 5610,748, with every prespett'ofthkn iiprovement -during. the remaining-two; aotha of the year. The paragraph referring to, te ;propoualsof the Govern ment state that bills for, the more ejfefteal regulation of the various mining.interests will be introduced, together with measures for the reestablishlment of an amended system of stamap 'ddlies; for the revision of the tariff and Customs lawes for extending, the ad Vantuges of .public education ;,for the more satisfac. tory regulation of, municipalities for the extension of railways and telegraphs; for the management of public roads; for the storage and carriage of gun. powder; for regulating the sale of poisons; for de. fining the privileges of Parliament; for the improve. ment of military defences ; for the facilitating of the introduction into the colony of suitable immigrants; and to provide for the treatment of lunatics. A -bill for the amendment of the electoral-law will be also introduced during the session, the main ob jects of the measure being the correction of the anomalies in the now existing representation of the various electorates, which have from the increase of population and development of local industries, and a variety of causes, outgrown the provisions of the law of 1858. McEnOURNB, November 15.-The Victorian team beat that of Now South Wales to-day, with the mili tary weapon, by eighty-two points. The Northumberland, s., arrived from London yes. terday, after a passage of fifty days. * The Arrawata, a new steamer for the New Zealand trade, has also arrived, after a fine passage, from the Clyde. The Treasurer's financial statement will probably be made on Thursday next. An advertisement appears in the newspapers, giving a long list of bills of exchange and deposit receipts lost from the Bank of New South Wales at Ararat. . The Victorian Racing Club make a haudsome pro fit out of the receipts of the past meeting. An unpleasant ciroumstance happened on the Flcm. ington cogrse on Saturday last. Some bookmaokers accused Mr. Mason, M.L.A., of being a defaulter, and required him to be turned off the course. The matter is now under investigation. It was afterwards shown that he had been wrongly accused. A young man named Nicholus Garrick has been drowned in the Yarra Rirer, through the upsetting of his boat. November 16.-A. further inpestigation into the ease in which Mr. Mason, M.L., is e ocby cer tain bookmakers as being a defaulter, shows thpt he did bet with some members of the ring, and they; allege that the betl remain tibpaid. The Victorian Racing Club Committee will now take the matter up. The public won about £80,000 over Wollomai's victory in the Cup ; but the settling, generally, was rather against backers of horses. The Viotorian Raiom -Claun .adp a profit of over £G600 b the meeting t The overnmenteremalkig' re ution in thepub lic service. Clips of over 20tlba. weight have been obtained from Austin's long- woolled sheep. -. The Victorian team isat present ahead in the small. bo6re rifle dsatch. Latr' advices from the Cape of Good Hope, per Arawatta, a., state that the rebellion on the diamond fields had collapsed-Henry Tucker and other leaders having boon arrested. , Irang Dahl, a Russian, hab sworn that he was a spy with the rebels at Kimberley, and that part of the plot wee to carry off Lieutenant-Governor Sodthey an~ bhis secretary (Mr. Currey), and put them' ordr :the Vaal. An expedition has been sent to -fevrrbaontoed marah-lands of North.western Africa to puaeh horde of pirates for plundering British vesselsaely in the year. .. Several war-vessele, under Commodore Hewitt, C.B., proceeded up the Congo River, but were com pelled to come to an anchor in consequence a the diflcultios of navigation, . I 