WlDE BAY and BURNETT DISTRICT. TOPOGRAPHY The district of Wide Bay and Burnett comprises that part of Queensland which extends coastwise, from about 24 degs. to 26degs. 40 min. of south latitude and from the Pacific Ocean on the east Great Dividing Range on the 150 miles in its greatest It covers an area of nearly 7000 square miles, or upwards of eleven 8 million acres, being larger than the principality of Wales, with the counties of ........ and Cumberland to boot. It encompassed north, south, and west, continuous mountain ranges, which watersheds off the Kolan, Burnett and Mary Rivers, and sharply UpCjpn ?. pie nvgnne system mus ?^pa^Ba^iyi^nB of the Brisbane, : the Bpfofa~prr tfitftffitzrov. and other less im tivere. - The sinuous trend of flpese mountain ranges gives the district H^Uopfedr or indented, outline, causing flpMWh61e ^assume somewhat the shape of which the island known fcvSTraserV or Great Sandy, separated Bicigi'ttie Coastby only a narrow tide ?flra-fend ^nttinfir out north-easterly into B^^pi^^§-|^duld 'be the 'stalk. The ^ within ' these boundary coast-range, trending parallel to the sea average distance of between divides the district J^^^|»^^j^i|'-pbrti6ns. ' ' The smaller proper, comprises coast', region' between mountain chain and the also, Eraser's Island, and two-fifths of the area of ' -'It 'differs consider M)l$r y ntttnral features and climate pgpa^the Burnett proper, which occupies jn^maining three-fifths, and lies j 'westward of the coast j y^£j^3^£8Tide Bay portion includes Mary, Kolan, and some ?^^^M^Hppnrers, as 'well as the coun Kjl^mnp^wer course of the Bun HSSHBraisSSl these rivers have well- ; rising in some ' a considerable altitude, the H^^^^leaang' diversity of scenery, distribution of sites and support population. ?nTjiiyi '' lis . .more . ^^gOTn^?:-vr.It may be described as a Jbable tend, at an altitude H^^JiODD tp lSOO feet above the sea, Upper Burnett and the Barambah, Auburn, etc., pumie j^feHaB^ous course. On approaching, j|||rever,* . the' encompassing mountain Vp^tn^ which everywhere borders this' .roivd river Bystem,; the scene changes ; ^Wsi^ glens andpr^bipitous cliffs succeed ^jto;Mie gektlyrolling upland, and form 'jbif all sides a picturesque fringe to its jtamer features. The united waters of the Burnett and its affluents find an escape through the coastrange, where they have formed a considerable length and depth, sd, at this point, contains water during the greater part Wt - after a brief season of hfesa raging torrent, danger even in boats, and hurrying s of trees, rocks, etc., with orce to the sea. A little to est of this gorge the coast dates in a lofty peak — Mount ?essed on all sides with moun of a broken and irregular bowing signs of extensive Lofi^ and highly mineralized, ?es are continued, though in kable degree, to the junction ntaan system Avifch the east ain— named DsCwesBaoge— » 3\. the northiern boundary of iistricts. In the angle thus } river Kolan and its tribu their rise, thence pursue a soutlfceasterly and north-westerly course through champaign country of high pas fltoral value, and finally reach the sea a ijiittle to the north-west of the flat, sandy, gland marshy delta formed by the IgBiirnett. Crossing the latter river and following the direction ofthe coast, we pass Min succession the Elliott, the Gregory, pfche Isis, the Cherwell, and the Bur rum f Biv era, the four last forming a connected f -river system in miniature, and discharg { ing their nnited waters into Beivey's T£ay. This latter is a wide inlet of the Pacific, intercepted between Great Sandy, ?| or Fraser's,, Island and tbe mainland, I' open to (he north, and tapering south ;!' werd till it runs out into a narrow strait, \- abounding 'in shoals and small islands, and opening at its fnrthjer extremity into \--sWiiVBav, wheoce the maritime portion ! ^ the^district, takes its name. At tbe point . .where- Harvey's Bay merges into *the, narrow tidal channel just referred to, : - it receives the waters of the Mary, a innavigable river of 6ome importance, the | joarcps of which are in a high and p jSehsely- wooaed chain of mountains, l^jfonning part of the southern boundary pf Che district,. It pursues a northerly ^nd afterwards easterly course, collecting pp number of affluentH, and draining the lywide plain, or valley, that extends pbetween the principal coast range and a Pieoonfary'range of the fame kind, and | parallel to the former, but much nearer ft the seaboard. Returning to the coast, wenl pursuing th« direction of it south - ward from Sandy Strait, we come upon a line of dunes, or sandhills, extending southward as far as Point Arkwright, where the Uurnndnr Range, which bounds the district to the southward, abruptly falls off to the ocean. Behind these dunes, and separated by tliem from the open sea, extends a nearly continuous chain of lagoons, shallow creeks, and swamps, commencing at an inlet or branch of Sardy Strait known as Tin Can — propeily -* Tinkun ' — Bay, and continuing southward until interrupted by spurs from Durundur. The principal ou'let from this area of intercepted drain age is at Laguna Bay, where a gap in the Bandhills permits the tide to sweep in end out and form a port — Noosa — acces- sible to vessels of light. draught. Ter ritorially, the district is divided into tbe counties of Bowen, Cook, March, Lennox, Fitzroy, 'Mackenzie, Newcastle, and Wickjow ; and politically into the elec torates ot Mulgrave, Maryborough, Wide Bay, Gympie, and Burnett. The line which divides the ' settled ' from the ' unsettled ' portion of the district co incides with the boundary between the maritime * and tbe inland division, or Wide Bay proper and the district of Burnett j roper. The principal centres of population are — Maryborough, the capi tal and principal port ; Gayndah, tbe earliest settled township ; Gympie, the head-quarters of the gold -mining indus try ; Mount Perry, holding a similar 'position with regard to oopf er- mining ; Bnndaberg, a port of entry and agricnl tural emporium -near the mouth of the Burnett ; and Nanango, a prettily situated village on the Upper Barambah Creek, and near the southern verge of the district. Telegraph lines, connecting Dalby with Rockhampton, Taroom with Gayndah, Maryborough with Gympie, Gayndah, Mount Peny, and Bundaberg, and Gympie with Noosa, traverse the district ; tbe main roads, kept in some what indifferent order, facilitate traffic between Maryborough, Gayndah, Gympie, and the sontb. CLIMATE, SCENERY, AND NATURAL PRODUCTIONS. Traversed by tbe 25th and 26th paral lels of south latitude, and extending nowhere more than 150 miles inland, tbe district enjoys, on the whole, a mild and equable climate. Excessive beat is less common than in most parts pf Australia, and the growth of vegetation is promoted by an abnndant rainfall, which is most copious in the vicinity of the coast. The summer months are October, Novem ber, December, January, and February, during which time a strorg dry heat, with vivid sunshine, prevails, broken only by an occasional thunderstorm. This fervid season is followed by a rainy one of from six weeks to three months duration, tbe moist heat at tbe commence ment of which is very trying to new comers. About the middle of April the weather usually clears up, the air becomes cool and serene, and that most enjoyable season misnamed ' winter ' in Queens land commences, and lasts till tbe in creasing sunheat of September proclaims the approach of another summer. Thun derstorms, often accompanied with hail, are most prevalent in October and November ; strong gales, with diluvial rains, in February and March. In localities subject to inundation such an event may be anticipated about once in five years. These visitations cause more annoyance and inconvenience than actual damage, and settlers are by this time sufficiently familiarised with them to secure themselves against any very heavy loss. Daring the months of May, Jane, and July, night frosts are of frequent occurrence in the inland parts, and though less common near the coast, they never theless are more so than the farmer and the sugar planter would desire. In a country marked by so many pro minent natural features it cannot but be that considerable diversity of scenery must exist. Tbe same holds good of the comparative value of different portions for settlement and cultivation, some areas being doomed to perpetual sterility, while on others nature has bestowed her choicest treasures without otint. The sea coasts generally are somewhat tame, though their monotony is agreeably relieved by the sight of tall peaks and densely wooded mountain masses at no great distance inland, and by the ex uberance of bird life that peoples the secluded bays and inlets, the broad fore shores and the mangrove-covered islands and mud patches that abound in Hervey's Bay and in the neighboring strait. Great Sandy Island is, as its name denotes, a mass of sand rising towards tbe eastern side I into peaks some hundreds of feet in election, and pretty densely wooded in some parts, notwithstanding the un promising «od barren character of tbe .soil. Along t^e central ridge are numerous springe, whicb, forming creeks, swamps, and immature lakes, assist to maintain a lnxutvmt under growth of vegetation differing in many respects from that of the adjacent Main land. The island is, in theory, main tained as a kind of native reserve, where the remnants of the aboriginal tribe?, for a considerable distance along tbe coast, might congregate and follow their immemorial habits and traditions with out molestation. The ' privilege of sanctuary,' thus accorded has, how ever, of late, been greatly encroached npon by parties of lumberers, who have established camps in various convenient spots, and are rapidly clearing off all the test timber, and destroying in a corresponding degree the sylvan seclu sion of the island. It will be conve nient, while on this subject, to gather together under one head whatever may be worth stating concerning this out lying portion of the district, so as to obviate the necessity of returning to the same theme when passing in review tbe results, of settlement in this part of Queensland. Ever since the discovery of the eastern coast of Australia by Captain Cook the northern extremity of Frazer's Island has enjoyed an evil notoriety for the perils that threatened navigation in that vicinity. The head land in question, Sandy Cape, is pro longed under tbe sea into a long aud ' ' ' ' ~ ? treacherous shoal, Break Sea Spit, which is infested with strong and per plexing currents, and was once as great a terror to coasters as the very similar '* Portland Race' on the soath coast of England. The erection of a handsome and lofty lighthouse on Sandy Cape a few years ago has, however, now re duced this danger to very small dimen sions, and vessels constantly double the spit in boisterous weather rather than attempt the Wide Bay Bar under such circumstances. The lighthouse, which is nearly 90 feet high, shows a dioptric light of the first order, visible about 30 miles. The lightkeepers and their fami- lies, who reside in this remote spot, form the only permanently settled commu- nity on tbe island. The hamlet, not withstanding its seclusion, boasts of a National School, at which between twenty and thirty children receive regular instruction. An irregular aboriginal staff are attached to the es- tablishment, and prove highly useful in assisting to land the necessary stores, and on other occasions when desultory labor is required. These natives find abundance of food on the island, which produces two or three varieties of zamia and cycas ; the pandanus, or " native bread-fruit,'' and numerous bulbiferous plants, while the adjacent seas swarm with mullet, crabs, oysters, and du- gong, the great marine pachyderm, peculiar to north- eastern Australia, the oil of which is so highly valued medi- cinally, while the meat and bacon are eagerly sought as delicacies by the colonists. Whales are not infrequently stranded on the outer coast, and a year or two ago one of these monsters, up- waids of 70 feet in length, found its way into Hervey's Bay, and was there cast ashore. Frazer's Island was for two or three years the seat of an aboriginal mission under the Rev. E. Fuller, whose missionary efforts, how ever, were not rewarded with much success, while the soil, for some occult reason, proved totally unfit for cultiva- tion, although an exceptionally rich piece of swampy ground had been chosen wherewith to commence the experiment. The site of the now abandoned mission is at the mouth of a running stream nearly opposite to the Mary River Heads. A little to the southward of this point are the White Cliffs, a favorite picnic and excursion ground, where the sandy material of the island occurs in a more compact shape, and forms a kind of soft stone, which has been worn by the action of tbe tides add currents into a line of steep escarpments, at the foot of which excellent sea-bathing may be en- joyed. In addition to the lighthouse on Sandy Cape, there are two on Woody Island inside Hervey's Bay, and another on Lady Elliott's Island, about 40 miles to the north-west of the Cape. Returning to the main land it may be observed at the outset that the pre- valent character of the vegetation, and consequently of the scenery, is similar to what is witnessed all over Australia. The general groundwork is an open forest, consisting of numerous species of Eucalyptus, Acacia, Angophora, Exo- carpus, Casuarina, Banksia, and similar sober-hued trees, bearing the impress of that dull monotony which characterises, as a rule, the Australian landscape. But here, as in all those portions of semi-tropical Australia that lie within the influence of the sea, the monotony is relieved, at intervals, by patches of a denser and more luxuriant growth, corresponding closely to the 'jungles' of India and the Malay Archipelago, and teeming with Asiatic and Oceanic, rather than Australian forms vegetation. These ' scrubs,' as they are locally termed, are of two kinds, one lining the banks of rivers and affecting alluvial ground wherever existing, the other clothing the sides and ridges of rocky hills up to the height of about 1000 feet. The riverine or alluvial scrub is in variably a sign of rich soil, and also of sites liable to inundation. The mingled vegetation of engenias, figs, laurels, and innumerable other evergreens with bright glossy foliage, festooned with passion flowers, wild vines, climb- ing canes, and creepers of every sort, many of them bearing exquisitely colored and scented blossoms, while funereal looking Araucarias tower high above the gay profusion of glittering leafage and brilliant flowers that struggle upwards towards the sunlight, forms a striking and lovely contrast to the uniform brown green of the open forest, amidst which these oases of tropical vegetation occur. The line of demar cation is, in tbe great majority of in stances, sharply defined ; here the ' forest,' with its endless vistas of silver grey or salmon-colored trunks and scantily-clothed boughs, through which the sun seems to dart with redoubled intensity on the parched sod or dusty yellow road — there a dense and tangled mass of emerald foliage, impenetrable to the gaze, and rising abruptly like a wall before the tr&veller;, who rather than face the toil of cutting his way through those deep and vine-entangled shades, is oftentimes compelled to make a circuit of many miles. The other kind of jungle, known as ' mountain' or ' hill scrub,' is less dense, but owing to the preponderance of thorny twining plants, equally troublesome to get through. It is, however, liable to par tial clearing by bush fires, which at times sweep off the surface coating of fallen leaves, and destroy myriads of seedling plants, whereas the alluvial scrub, owing to the large store of mois- ture it condenses, forms a complete barrier against fire even in the dryest seasons. The principal continuous areas of alluvial scrub are found between the Lower Burnett and tbe Mary. The whole of tbe country watered by the Burrum is, — or was, until partially cleared in the progress of settlement — densely clothed with them. There are likewise immense tracts in the southern part of the district, between Kilkivan, Gympie, and Moroochy. The river Mary, when first taken up, was fringed with scrub to a considerable breadth on each side. The Burnett scrubs, where they follow the course of the river, are generally much narrower ; but compact areas, some hundreds of square miles in extent are met with at no great distance from the river, from Walla downwards. The hill scrub is found, more or less, on all the mountain ranges within thirty or forty miles of the sea; and in the south of the district, where the tower ing Bunya Bunya (Araucaria Bidwillii ) luxuriates in a damp and steaming atmosphere, and the precious red cedar is still here and there found, the two descriptions of jungle are so blended as to be no longer distinguishable. In striking contrast to the tropical luxu- riance of the scrub, is the so called ' Wallum country,' sandy, ill-watered, and barren tracts that are found in the neighborhood of, but not on the coast line, and presenting the appearance of having formerly consisted of mud-flats, sand-dunes, and brackish swamps, simi- lar to those now found bordering the ocean. These ' Wallum' patches sup port great clumps of a dry, harsh, and useless vegetation, interspersed with stunted Casuarinas and Banksias, the whole characterised by an aspect of dis- mal monotony, and while sufficiently dense to obstruct the view, presenting no landmarks whatever whereby the traveller may recognise his position. Hence the frequency with which white men are reported to have lost themselves in attempting to thread these wilder nesses, owing, in many instances, their eventual escape to the. kindness of tbe aborigines who have discovered, relieved, and conducted them back to the haunts of civilization. On the plateau of the Upper Burnett, and its tributaries occur extensive tracts of rich arable land almost destitute of trees, and resembling in many respects the celebrated ' black soil' of the Dar ling Downs. The mountain scenery on the borders is characterised by a savage grandeur, and abounds in picturesque views worthy of tbe artist's pencil. This is especially the case in the north western angle of the district, between Mount Perry and the Dawson water- shed ; a rugged table land, broken up by a succession of deep glens into lines of cliffs some hundreds of feet high, at the bases of whicb brawling torrents tumble along in a succession of snowy cascades. But the grandest dis play of majestic and lovely landscapes is witnessed in travelling overland from Gympie to Brisbane. The road follows the seaward slope of the coast range, and thus offers a constant succession of combined marine and mountain views, second, perhaps, to no similar associa tion of romantic features in any part of the world. In natural productions the district does not differ essentially from others in Australia having a similar climate. The animal kingdom presents the usual marsupials, — kangaroo, wallaby, 'native bears' (very numerous), and the myriad rat-and-mouse-like ' small deer' of tbe same order. There are also flying-foxes and several smaller bats, the echidna or porcupine- ant- eater, wild dogs, &e.; Some forms, however, such as the wombat and platypus, are either entirely absent, or are so rare as never to have fallen under the range of observation, while the dugong, whale, and seal fre quent the waters near the cost. The list is, on the whole, but short when compared with the gorgeous profusion and variety of the feathered tribes. The latter comprise eagles, kites, hawks, pigeons of numerous species, kingfishers both large and small, honeysuckers, night-hawks, owls, parrots, cockatoos, curlews, bustards, talegallas or ' brush turkeys,' bower birds, emus, and other land birds too numerous to mention, while the water is alive with ducks, swans, pelicans, ibises, spoonbills, green storks, snipe, divers, et hoc genus omne. Among the reptiles may be enumerated snakes, both venemous and harmless- lizards, iguanas, numerous kinds of frogs, from the great bull-frog with his deep sonorous bellow, to the little green pigmy less than an inch in length and hardly distinguishable from the leaf on which it sits in patient contemplation, — likewise la:id and water tortoises, newts or efts, and the newly discovered fish-like reptilian ' ceratodus,' which iniiav-its the upper course of the Mary and Bur nett rivers and their affluents. Of lat-- years a few specimens of the crocodilian genus have been observed in the Mary, where, according to native report, they were once very numerous. The insect world is only too well represented : it swarms with equal vitality above and under the earth, and is but insufficientlv kept in check by the rapidly diminishing tribes of soft-billed birds. Near tie coast, and in damp and confined localities inland, the mosquitoes are a great plague and necessitate the regular use of net curtaius during at least nine months of the year. There a-e some handsome butterflies and moths, but fewer, on the whole, than might have been anticii at-d from the near proximity to the torrid z -ne. Scorpions, centipedes and various suiders abound, the bite of some of the latter be ing nearly as much dreaded as the stings and fangs of the former. Many gor geously colored beetles, flies, and hemiptera rivet the attention by day, and pretty little fire flies with a greenish intermittent light, spangle the darkness in cl.- se and rainy weather. Fruit is liable to the attacks of several flies and moths which bore through the rind and either deposit their egns inside, ready ing it magg -tty, or suck and corrupt the juices. It is much to be desired that at tempts be made to put a jeriod to their devastations by the introauction of in sectivorous birds from Europe and else where. Among the finny tribes, the rock-cod and king-fish claim precedence for size and general excellence. They are very plentiful at certain seasons, as are also the mullet (so-called) which come into the estuaries aud rivers in immense sboals during early summer, and are extensively used as food both by the colonists and aborigines. Rock oysters? still abound in the mangrove-lined inlets of Hervey's Bay and other indentions of the coast, and crabs, crawfish, prawns, and shrimps, are numerous as far as the tidal in- fluence extends. It will be apparent, from what has gone before, that the vegetation is varied and abundant. Both the open forests and dense jungle furnish useful timbers, the former for purposes of general strength and utility, the latter more for ornament. Cedar, the most valuable of Australian woods, was once abundant, but is now rapidly getting scarce, owing to the system of indiscriminate and destructive felling that has too long been pursued. The grevillia or ' silky oak,' a timber inval- uable for casks, has for the same reason, almost completely disappeared. Many of the most valuable scrub timbers are exterminated in the process of clearing the land for agriculture, without any at- tempt to even ascertain their uses. The inlets of the coast and the banks of the tidal rivers are fringed with mangrove, avicennia, and other shore plants, whose object is to extend the domain of the land and protect it from the corroding action of floods and tides. Among these is the ill-reputed excœcaria, an enphorbiaceous shrub, whose milky juice is used by some of the Oceanic tribes to poison their arrows, the least wo nd from which, when thus anointed, invariably proves fatal. Further inland, the waters are fringed with hibiscus, ægiceras, the Moreton Bay chesnut with its pendant laburnum-like foliage and flame colored racemes of blossom, aromatic melaleucas, with white, pink, or crimson flower, and paper-like bark, the brid ant engenias, reflecting the sunlight from their glossy leaves, and blending in one gorgeous picture all the shades of pink, scarlet, gold, and green. The lowland pastures are spangled, in their season, with a multitude of pretty terrestrial orchids, spiderworts, lilies, violets, sundews, blue bells, ranunculuses, and numerous vetches, including two or three kinds of wild indigo. In the deep shade of seclu- ded dells, tree ferns here and there spread their graceful fronds, and the noble coryoha, Seaforthia, and Kentia palms rear high their feathery heads, and impart to the surrounding glade a decidedly tropical character. Near the sea-coast, associating with zamias and cycads, with banksias, casnarinas, epacrids and macadamias, the screw pine or pandanus rises high on its air roots and matures its large cones of scarlet fruit. Native fruits of several species occur in and on the borders of the scrubs, among which the wild lime, the nelitris or native guava, the fruit of the stinging tree, tbe Owenia or sweet plum, the Australian papaw, the clustered to- mato, the carissa or " cream fruit,' the berries of several species of capparis, cissus, vitis, the wild raspberry, the physalis or winter-cherry, and two or three kinds of rather insipid figs, are the most common. In the hill-scrubs is found the Delabechea or bottle tree, be longing to the sterculiaceous order, and remarkable for the strange shape of its bulging trunk, for the softness of its wood, and for the abundance of watery sap and eatable farina that is secretid in its cells. The numerous species of fig yield abundance of milky juice, which becomes an elastic gum on hardening, and probably has a commercial value. The araucarias, dammaras, and podo- carpus, known collectively as pines, abound in turpentine, which flows out from the wounded bark and collects in masses, often some pounds in weight, about the lower part of the trunk. Sarsaparilla of very fair quality may be collected from several species of smilax. In the deeper recesses of the jungle, where gay coloured epiphytes cluster on liana-bound trunks, and where the ' stag-horn ' and ' birds-nest' ferns develop their grotesque forms, the cala- mus or creeping palm flings its festoons from branch to branch, and furnishes a much prized material for canes and whip sticks. On the poorer uplands, where a shrubby growth of acacia stands in lieu of the denser jungle, the bark of several species of that genus supplies a valuable tanning material. The bitter gumresion of several of the eucalypti has a high medicinial value, and there are probably numerous other products of the vegetable kingdom which will eventually prove important from a commercial point of view. The most charact ristic feature of the district, howevor, is the abundance and variety of its minerals. Nearly every kind of metallic ore known to science is found within its territory, though not as yet, always in remunerative quantities. Gympie has already been mentioned as the head quarters of the precious metal, which is formd, in greater or less abundance, over an area nearly coextensive with the district itself. The principal workings, in addition to Gympie, are at Kilkivan. Black Snake, Jimna, Yabber (all within easy distance of Gympie, and within the watershed of the Mary); at Nanango, beyond the main coast range, Reid's Creek, Yarrol, Rawbelle, Cania. and Choney Creek, near Degilbo. Alluvial gold has also been obtained in payable quantities in several places to the north and west of Mount Perry, and on the Gigoomgan, Manumbar, and Ban Ban runs. Copper occurs, as already stated, in greatest proportion at and around Mount Perry, where an oblong tract of country, extending from Mungai station, near the Burnett, to Gin Gin, is so highly mineralized as to form a complete net- work of copper-bearing lodes. The other localities where this mineral is found are : — Kilkivan, where all indications point to the existence of deposits hardly inferior in importance than to those at Mount Perry ; Rawbelle, where lodes of considerable richness, though as yet little, if at all, developed, are found over an extensive tract of country ; the Teebar, Gigoomgan, and Degilbo runs ; Calgoa or Calgour Creek, a very promising locality, but slightly prospected as yet ; and other places. Silver, in combination with lead, occurs at Yarrol and in the now abandoned Potosimine near Mount Perry, In combination with gold and other minerals it is found in veins very pe- culiar, perhaps unique, which occur in the neighbourhood of Kilkivan. Cinna- bar is found over a long range of country between the river Mary aud the main coast range, extending from near Traveston in the south to near Gigoomgan in the north, and although not commercially worked at present, must eventually prove a resource of the highest value. Antimony lodes of unusual richness have been opened at Mount Neardie, a little to the north-east of Gympie, in the outer coast range ; likewise at Coonam- bula in the western portion of the Burnett district, although in neither case have the workings been sufficiently renumerative to be continued. Coal, and its elder brother plumbago, has been unearthed in several places. All surface indications point to the existence of a vast coal-field, extending from about Miva, southward, to Bunda- bery, northward, and comprising the whole area east of a line joining those two points, to the sea-coast. Coal seams of fair thickness crop out at the Burrum river, on the Upper Mary and elsewhere, but owing to want of capital or enterprise, or some other cause, this s ource of wealth has not as yet been profitably developed. Plumbago occurs chiefly at the outer edges of the coal measures. It has been found in great masses at Gympie, Mount Coora, and elsewhere. Cobalt, and several other metals of inferior importance, have been traced in combination with the commoner metalic ores , while rubies and diamonds are believed to exist in the Auburn river and other streams. Fire clay of excellent quality is obtainable in abundance, on the other hand, limestone is somewhat deficient, hence, in the neighbourhood of the coast, coral is generally employed as a source of lime it will be readily understood that under such circumstances, limestone country, where found, is eagerly taken up, and highly prized. HISTORY OF THE PROGRESS OF SETTLE- MENT IN THE DISTRICT The first authentic notice of the landing of white men in any part of the district is in connection with the melancholy catas- trophe of a shipwreck. In the year 1836, the Stirling Castle, Captain Frazer, was wrecked on Great Sandy, now Frazer Island, and all on board, with the exception of the captain's wife, were murdered by the aborigines. Mrs. Frazer, whose life had been scared, was subsequently discovered by a convict from the Moreton Bay penal settlement, named Bracefield, who was living with a tribe of blacks on the mainland, and who succeed d in rescuing her from her cap- tivity, and bringinsr her hack into the immediate neighbourhood of the settle ment. A similar attempt made by Brown, the ma1 e of the illfated vessel, failed; he was overtaken by the blacks, and murdered on a headland that long bore the name of Brown's Cape, and which is be lieved to be identical with Douhle Island Point, the southern horn of Wide Bay. The first regular explorers of the district were probably Messrs. H. S. Russell, of Cecil Plains, Jolliffe, of the Royal Navy, and W. Wrottesley, member of Council for New South Wales, who, in 1842, with a crazy boat manned by prisoners, explored the whole coast, between the rivers Brisbane and Mary, landing at various points and collecting a large amount of useful information. On ascending the. river Mary, which was known to the natives as the Morrobo c ola, they were joined by another white man, James Davis, named by the abori gines Durrumhoij who, like Bracefield, had long been living in a semi-savage condition. In this ye*r, guided by Davis, Mr. Julliffe stocked t! e country near tbe present site of Maryborough with sheep, as manager for Mr. John E ties, of the Hunter River. Mr. Last shortly afterwards took charge of the station, which, however, was subsequently broken up and abandoned, owing to the determined host'lity of the natives. The account given by the exploring party of the capabilities of the di&trict; for settlement at once attracted thither the attention of pa-toral settlers, and, within the next two or three years, the stations Burrandowan, Morodian, Baram bab, Manumbar, Mondure, and Wetheron, were planted in various localities. Owing to various causes, however, the progress of settlement continued slow, and so late as 1847, when the first rudiments of the future township of Maryborough were established by George Furber, of Ipswich, on one of Eales' abandoned sheep sta tions, near the present Rose Hill, the only additions tbat had been made to the above stations during the interval were Kilkivan, Booubyjau, Boonara, Degilbo, Ban Ban, Boondooma, Taabinga, Dyke bead, Hawkwood, and Gin Gin. In the following year, however, pastoral enter prise took a fresh departure, and a large number of new stations, including the majority of those still in existence, were formed. The presence ot a navigable river speedily gave a degree of impor tance to the small nucleus of a township created by George Furber, and the site of the present, village of Tinana, or One Mile, on the south bank of the river, became tbe rallying point for shearing, or boiling down flocks from distant stations, communication with the south being kept up by means of a small trading schooner, the ' Aurora.' Eventually the settle ment was moved to the north bank of the river, at the place still known as the ' old township,' but made only slow progress, until, through the energy and obstinacy of a Mr. Labatt. a government surveyor, the population were induced to migrate en masse to the present far pre ferable site. Gayndah, long counted as the inland metropolis of the district, can advance claims to an antiquity nearly equal to that of Maryborough, having been founded, about the year 1849, by a Mr. LeBreton, to whose name belongs the donbtful honor of having, two years pre viously, established the first public- house in the district. From 1853, when the opening of Gladstone for settlement attracted hither a portion of the scanty population of the district, down to the date of Separation, its history is almost a blank. The scattered population were wholly engrossed in pastoral pursuits, and 'settlement,' in the present sense of tbe word, there was none, save within the surveyed townships of Maryborough, Gayndah, and Nanaogo. The land agi tation, which succeeded on the emancipa tion of the colony from New South Wales, pav.fd the way for measures which led to the. permanent occupation, and a vast increase in the productive wealth of th'i district. In consequence of tbe passing of the Land Act of 1863, substantial agricultural reserves were proclaimed on the River Mary and T*nana Creek, and under that statute, as well as under the succeeding one of 1866, considerable frontages were taken up and partially cleared and cultivated. The discovery of the adaptation of the cli mate and soil to the growth of sugar gave increased value to the land and an im petus to its occupation. But it was not until the more liberal Land Act of 1868 had largely extended the available area that settlement aud its concomitant in dustries began to assume anything like the proportions in which they exhibit themselves at present. Until that time intending settlers had been confined to the Mary River Agricultural Reserve, and to such scraps and parings from the neighborhood of ether towns as the Government could be got to set free for this purpose. But, with the passing of tbe Act now in force, there came a great change. The discovery of the Gympie goldfieid by the Brothers Nash, in the latter part of 1867, while the Land Bill was still under debate, was the means of puuring a large population into the district and of creating a new township, with its auxiliary belt of; agricultural settlement. River frontages being at that time extravagantly prized ( persons who were unsuccessful in obtain ing them on the Mary went exploring elsewhere, and thus, about 1870, the scrnb lands on the Lower Burnett, the Burrum, and Newsa Rivers began to be taken up, and two additional centres of population, the townships of Bsndaberg and Tewantin, sprang into existence. The universal mining mania of 1872 was the means of causing a more thorough exploration of the country, and left as a ^ substantive residnnm the township of Mount Perry and its adjacent mines and agricultural selections, Kilkivan, with the mines of Mount Clara and Mount Coora, as well ns a considerable sprinkling of really valuable mining properties in varions places, which only await the investment of capital to become profitable, and at* tract a large settled population. The d 'm and for land still continues unabated, and settlement proceeds at a rate limited only by the areas* trom time to time open to selection. The river scrubs are not only at the present time taken up, but for the most part cleared, and the land p it under cultivation with maize, sugar, &c.; Already a large num ber of industrious families, mostly of G rinan or Danish origin, have been com pleted to try their fortune on ' forest' land of a very inferior d- scription, such as would not have been looked at a few years ago. Tne future prosperity of the district and its capital, - Maryborough, will, of course, be largely influenced by the result of this rather unpromising experiments. INDUSTRY AND ENTERPRISE. The Pastoral, Agricoltural, ani- Mining interests. The Timber Traoe, Fisheries, and Local Manu factures. Shipping and Commerce. The sole occupation of the earliest se'tlers consi^ted-in the rearing of sheep and cattle, aud for many years the ex port trade of the district was confined to wool, hides, and tallow. At first the great majority of the runs were stoeked with sheep, but on all the stations east of the Main Range they have long since been replace! by cattle, the comparatively moist climate of the coast not having: proved congenial tot-he sheep. On some of the runs west of the Range in question it has also been found necessary to sub stitute cattle and Bheep, but the change iu this instance has been due to the rapid encroachment of a kind of spear grass, the seeds from which proved most destructive to the yonng lambs, and s riousiy deteriorated the value of the wool. Since the passing of the Land Act of 1868, large resumptions have been madefrom the squaitages -ast ofthe Main Range, which has had the eff ct of reducing pastoral pursuits within the area thus affected to a position of sub ordinate importance. Beyond the boun dary of the ' settled' district, however, the runs c ntinue nearly, if not quite, intact, the ireehold encroachments being limited to mineral selections of com paratively small extent ; although there are large tracts of land aronnd the town- * ship of Gayndah and Nanango, and along the intervening valley of the Barambah, eminently suited for. agriculture. It will be apparent from the above that cultivation, in the wider sense, is limited to the maritime portion of the dis trict. The principal farming localities are the valleys of the Burnett, Burrum, and Mary, and the lacustrine region to which Lacuna Bay (Noosa) forms the outlet. On the Burnett and Burrum ttie principal product is maize, whilst on the Maty and Tinana rivers the su^ar cane predomin ates and sugar mills abound. Potatoes are still grown wherever farming is carried on, though not to anyt ling like the extent they were a few years ago. before tbe sugar industry had assumed national importance. Oats, barley, and lucerne are cultivated for green feed and hay, but not in snffici nt quantities to supply local wants, pressed hay being largely imported from the South. To bacco thrives well, but for want of a steadymarket foi the leif is almost neglec ted as a crop ; whilst cotton, which was at one time cultivatsd on a somewhat large scale, recalls too many painful experi ences of pecuniary loss ever ti become a staple crop again. Arrowoot and cassava ^mandioc) th ive admirably, and yield heavy returns in the rich scrnb soils of Wide Bay. The manufacture of the farinaceous product, a'thoogh often successfully carried out on a small scale( has not, as yet, taken a place among our regular industries. The banana, in numerous choice varities, is regarded as an essential of every homestead, and the' hardy and easily cultivated pineapple ranks next to it in popular favor as a fruit. The other fruits are those belong^ ing to the orange anil lemon tribe, the varions custard apples, the fig, loquiat; p.'ach, guava, melon, gr«pe. and a few * ^ othfers, but, as a ralpj not much attention - iB paid to trait-growing. Abundant and healthy crops of wheut havehe* n reaped i near tbe Bnrrtim end in the t ill country ' sooth of Gympie, and there , can be no ' doubt that uiany portions both of the - maritime and inland dividions of the di*- ' trict, are admirably suited to the growth of this cereal. All the European, and UK'St of the sab-tropical descriptions of i Vegetables, can be cultivated during sotue' , part of the year ; the whole of tbe cab- j ' bage tribe do exceedingly well, and are ] almost entirely free from the blight that i rend i rs their cultivation so difficult in i the Southern colonies. 1 The mining induslry of the district ] converses, at present, to war !s two prin- j cipal foci, Gympie and Mount Perry. - Gsmpie is to the auriferous lands of - Widft. Bay andBurnett, what Snidhur^t 3 and Castlemaine sre to Vict- ris, the - head centre «f reefing enterprise. It - abounds in gold-bearing reefs of considei- - able, though uncertain richness, whose ] Wealth is being slowly bnt stea iii v devel- - oped. . Within the last thre«- years st-*am machinery has ''been largely call d in to j assist the procress, with highly satis- ^ factory result?). On . the left bank of j the river, over against Gympie, is a j large area of ranf ground at present -? nearly abandoned, but which is re- g garded by several competent authorities, j as not iufeaor in wealth to the other ] side. . About thirty miles west of Gym- [ pio is another gold-mining community, ( where the ' Kise aiid r hine' Reef gives ( . employm nt to a lar^e number of men. f r It. is intended 'shortly to erect , crushing ✓ and amalgamating 'machinery --n«this field. 'Still forth^r west, h ar Nanango, iBanother re'f-discovery of some impor tance^ the value of which is -about to be tested by Brisbane speculators. On the *' Beehive'' Reef^.near Yarrol, operations T^rere for some time carried on with the assistance of ^tat^n^maclunery^ut as the. working expenses exceeded the re 'tums the enterprise has for some time been suspended. T Gold-mining was car ried, on for. some years in the .gorges of Cania Creek and the adjacent water courses, and' a~ machine was erected for the purpose of testing the reefs which there is good reason^lo suppose exist there.' The.localityis, however, nearly, t . if not quite, aband^ed-atprescntiland t the voice ofthe stampers, isheard there no j snore. Within the,.last^eiK mqntlis a j, company has been 'fenji eel to.worli the { reefs at Chouey C^k, _hear Degilbc, 1 ,with the' iaSd4 of- -stafiapiia-jf machinery, ( with good.. prospect of success. ^ Copper mining is at the? present : time under a clonal , owing to the reaction which t foUpwedxii-on the rage of-unsoondspeeu- - lation in l87 2. At Mount Perry, out of j aV least V score ! bf jhines, 'of which the j most saneruine Expectations were 'enter . tain&d;, the^only-'one which has held its -j ground, ^ sojfar as to yield steady divi- f dends, is the original MountPerry Mine. ^ The properly is furnished with rail the s best,, modern, applications for cheapening ( tbe cost ™of-prodncjion,- and is. managed with consummate^ udgement~and. success l^?3a^taih%rail;Beniiett.;7 ''Attached to 6 the mine are smelting; works* on a large | and verf'feomplete scale, the existance of . which .enablesthe owners of several other mineral sections- in the vicinity to realise ' on their ore,randthus slowly to prove . a^d develop their properties. The prin- 11 cipai bf these arer the Fortunatus and the ' New Moonta, from -both of which good 1 parcelsofrich ore have from time to time ( been raised ; bui besides them1 are several 1 others bf nearly equal promise, such as tlieBoolboonda, ' Edina, British. Lion, ( Queensland; &c.;, -which only await a { favorable juncture to resume work. The * glreat bbstacle to theprosecntionof the copper- mining industry here, as in other ' parts -of the district, is the deficiency of ' facilities ; for the transport of ores and 1 fuel. The locality is of so mountainous 1 anjl, r,^gg'ed. a. character that without an ' Extensive network of tramways to con- s nect ^the various mines inter se and with ' the. smelting 'works, it is impossible for * {is resoUre s to becomeadequately deiel- ' oped. * A railway hasbeen projected be- 1 tween Mount Perry and Bundaberg, ' which would pass through the heart of , the' mineral ctistrict/ and in a gr*at 1 measure meet this want,*as,=well as sup- * ply the means of commumcai ion with the ] sea coasK But 'the' 'Government, al though pledged, to its construction, have ' jy -not as yet been able to see their way to ^'^wards ^jatryini it out. Outside the ' Mount Perry group of mines, the most ( important is that of Mount Coora, with ' which has recently been incorporated the ( Mount Clara, both in the Kilkivan dis- 1 irict. Several copper 4odes of great 1 strength and fair yield intersect these properties, which ii ave un il recently been ' worked with very promising results*. In- 1 .sufficient capital, add d to such draw- ' backs as the cost .of fuel and carriage, have compelled - the. suspension of these '' undoubtedly valuable workings, but the ? character of the pr-isent'owners is a ? guarantee that the stoppage can be only ' temporary. On the Calcoa Creek there ' are several, copper mines in a simular ' condition, e.g., the Lug-e-Nure, the 1 Knight of G wynne, . the Louisa, and ' others as yet nameless. They are, how ever, mostly in good hands, and tneir further development can be only a ques tion of time. A considerable amount of ' work has been done on the lar^e group of copper selections at Rawbelle, but they, like many others, are at present in a state of suspense. - In the vicini'y of Kilkivan are found deposits of a conglomerate ore of almost fabulous richness, containing gold, silver, coppir, .wolfram, and. oth^r m tals, the difficulty of turning which to practical account has proved very tantalising to (Slaim-holdere. One of the selections, 0 known as *tih& Marinei'e Reef, is at pre sent in working, the ore 'teing shipped in its crude condition to Germany, where alone the combined metals can, by * series of intricate processes, be dissociated to gulvantage. Antimony, a metal of great importance to iron-founders; is worked in two widely eeparated localities, Neardic, a rugg d outlier from the B ppk Ran e, between the Mary rner and Tin Can Bay, and Gooncmbala, in th' very centre ot the 'unsettled' oistrict of Burnett, and near the juncture of the Boyne, Auburn, and Burnett rivers. In both spots the lodes are large and solid, and the remunerative working of the several selections taken up resolves itself into a mere question of carriage, as there is a practically unlimi t d demand for the mineral in the southern colonies. The excitement consequent on t1 e discovery of cinnabar ov^ r a large tract of country has left as its residuum oue solitary instance of practical develop ment, albeit on a very small seal'*. The scene of operations is a selection belong ing to Messrs. Threikeld and Hester, on which those gentlemen have placed a primitive retorting apparatus, and have for some time past be n busily engaged iistillmg the fluid quicksilver from the 3re. There is, of c urse. «n unlimited market for the product in the Australian [?olonies, and ev- ry well-wisher tathat iistrict will desire that Messrs. Threikeld and Hester's modest enterprise may prove sufficiently remunerative to en tourage operati ns «-n a large scale. Mining for. coal has hitherto been con ined to the banks of the Burrum. O wing Io the want of practical knowledge, the industry has cot hitherto flourished aa t deserves, and as the high-class quality -f tbe -product woald warrant. A trial :haft was sunk some years ago at the unction of Saltwater Creek with the Jiver Mary,- close to town, in -which lorings disclosed the existence of a seam -f payable strefl®th, but)operations were eventually stopped hy the excessive in lux of water. Tbe timber trade occupies a promi leut place among the special industries -f the district. The felling and rafting )f timber occupies a large number of lands, and no less than nine saw-mills ire constantly engaged in preparing the raw material for consumption and ship ment. These establishments are dis tributed as. follows : one at Gympie ; )ne at Elanda Point, Lake Cootharaba; )ne at Mount Perry ; oue at North Bundaberg; one on the Upper Mary ; -ne at Duudathu, Lower Mary ; and ;hree at Maryborough.' The chief sourcts -f timber are .Fraser's Island, the Bur lett and Upper Mary scrubs, the juugle lovered lake country of which Noosa is he port, aud the pine forests that cover he raages westward of Tin Can Bay. '.a the ulast-rhamed locality a Mary jorough milling firm have a large branch istablishment for the collection and -aftiug of log pine, which is brought lown thither from the ranges on a ramway constructed for the purpose. The dugong, mullet, and oyster fish eries of Hervey's Bay and Sandy Island Strait have acquired some importance of ate years, and salted and smoked mul et, dugong hides, bones, and oil, now iount occasionally among our exports. Chere is; however, room for a consider ible expansion of the industry, whicb vill became remunerative in proportion ' is it is pursued on a larger and more -rganised scale than at present. Among manufacturing industries, the lugar mills, of course, hold the first )lacs. There are sixteen of these estab ishmehts at present in operation on the 3urnett, Mary, and Tinana rivers. Five -f them have distilleries attached for ihe conversion of waste molasses, &c.;, nto rum ; and one, that of Yengane, possesses a very perfect and complete ?efioiog apparatus, which enables the )wners, Messrs. Tooth and Cran, to turn )ut almost chemically pure sngar. The conversion of hides into leather jeeupies three tanneries, situated sever illy at Maryborough, Yengarie, and jrayndah. There are two iron fodniries, both in ;he town of Maryborough, by which a large quantity of steam machinery of farious descriptions, together with cninor .castings, is annually turned out. Cabinet-making has become quite a speciality of the town of- Maryborough, where several establishments are con stantly engaged in working up into fnr aiture the cedar and other ornamental Broods for which the district is justly 3elebrated. Tbe appliances of the local galvanised iron and tin workers are also sufficiently extensive and complete to claim for this jranch of trade a brief mention, rhere are three soap-boileries, located ?espectively at Maryborough, West Maryborough*, and Bundaberg. The jeginning of a sericultural (silk-growing) establishment has lately been made in aympie. Paving tiles, draiu pipes, and ather rough pottery, of good appearance ' ind strength, have been, aud if we mis take not, sflll are made in the vicinity of Maryborough, where also the problem of cnaking bricks without straw, by the aid af machinery, has been successfully solved. The shipping and commercial interests ire aggregated at the three ports of Maryborough, Bundaberg, and Noosu Maryborough exports gold, hides, wool, tallow, sugar, rum, copper, antimony, timber, &??. ; Bundaberg principally maize and timber, with some sugar and copper ore ; and Noosa, at present, ex clusively timber. The imports consist of general merchandise, pig iron, lime stone, sugar mats, and other articles employed in the local manufacturing establishments. The Australasian Steam Navigation Company's steamers are the chief vehicles of the shipping trade, but there are several private steamers, and a rather extensive fleet of crafts constantly employed in conveying produce between Maryborough and other ports. Efforts have recently been made to establish a liue of direct shipments from England, and several vessels con- j tainiug immigrants, together with full j cargoes of merchandise adapted to the wants of the district, have siuce arrived , under the new arrangements. i CENTRES OF POPULATION. There remains now to give a brief account of the manner in which the population i6 distributed, aud of the priucipal centres. Tbe ups and downs of mining, and other causes, have caused so much fluctuation during the last few years that it is difficult, iu the absence of any census of a sufficiently recent d-at», ro even «n approxiraalion to the numbers at present include! ni * combined district. It may, however, be assumed tbat the population at date falls not very far short of 22,000, dis tributed in the following ratio. Mary borough and vicinity, about 9000; Gympie and vicinity, including Kilkivan, 7000; Noosa and surrounding settle ment, 500; Gayndah and vicinity 500; Mount Perry and vicinity, 1300 ; Bun daberg and vicinity, 1000; Nanango and vicinity, 4:00 ; Pastoral stations, 1500 ; Fraser's and other islands, and Tin Can Bay, 300 ; mariners and roving population, 700. Towns and Villages. Maryborough, the capital and chief emporium of the district, is a seaport town, situated in the county of March, on the river Mary, about twenty-five miles above its mouth. It is the seat of a municipality, which boasts a larger area than any other in Queensland ; per haps in Australia, the length of defined streets being no less than seventy-four miles. The principal public buildings are the Hospital, Immigration Barracks, Post-cum-Telegraph Offices, School of Arts, and Town Hall ; a noble and mas sive timber-bridge, nearly a third of a mile in length, and crossing the river in the direction of Gympie, is now approach ing completion. There are several public and private wharves, and a neatly laid out public garden in their vicinity. The principal religious denominations have established places of worship, among which the Roman Catholic Church is the most imposing. Four banks minister to the financial, and. two newspapers to the intellectual, needs of the community. The water supply is derived fronfUlulah reservoir, a picturesque though artificial sheet of water about a mile from town, surrounded by beautiful park-like grounds, -which form a secluded and charming resort On the sea coast, about twenty miles from town, are the marine retreats of Urangan, Poison, and Pialba, -whither the jaded citizens fre quently retire to recruit their health during the hot season ; and at the sea mouth of the river Mary, occupying a jutting and well-wooded headland to the left, stands the township of Bingham, a surveyed aud purchased, but still un tenanted, -wilderness. About half-way up the river from thence to Maryborough is the considerable agricultural and timbering settlement of Dundathu. To the westward of town, on the Gayndah road, and immediately below a highly picturesque gorge of the river, is the village of West Maryborough, known also as the 'old township,' from its having been the site originally selected for settlement. On the right bank of the river, fringing the Gympie road, is the flourishing hamlet of Tinana, or One mile, and further down, beyond the ' Horseshoe Bend,' and opposite the town, is the suburb of Howard, or East Maryborough, famous for its Chinese market- gardens. The villages of Owan yilla and Tiaro, at respectively nine and eighteen miles distance from Mary borough, on the Gympie road, are centres of agricultural settlement. Tiaro derives some importance from being placed at the head of boat navigation on the Mary. Gayndah is situated ninety miles -westward from Maiyborough, on the Burnett, and has a population of between 500 and 600. The town is under the control of a Municipal Council, has a neat- looking and well-managed Hospital, Court House, School of Aits, and Roman Catholic ChapeL There is also a National School, five stores, saddler's shop, blacksmiths' forges, three boot makers' shops, besides several hotels, and other usual adjuncts to a bush town ship. There is mail communication, with Maryborough and Mount Perry twice, and with Banana, Nanango, and Taroom once a-week. Gympie lies fifty-six miles south of Maryborough, on the road to Brisbane, from which it is distant 126 miles. It is a large straggling mining township, extending nearly three miles from north to south, and consists of three distinct portions, viz., Gympie, the One-mile, and Monkland. The population, not includ ing the surrounding agricultural settle ments, is between 5000 and 6000. There is no municipality, and the roads and streets are in a state of chronic disrepair. The principal institutions are the Hospi tal, Gympie School of Arts, One-mile Miner's Institute, National Schools, Mining Exchange. There are numerous places of worship, two theatres, and four quartz- crushing machines, one of which, ' The Gympie,' drives forty head of stampers, and has the most complete gold-saving appliances in Queensland. Tewantin. — A collection of rude huts, bearing this name, constitutes the chef lieu or metropolis of the Noosa district. The township is laid out on a neck of land between the river and a small lake, a healthy and picturesque site. Below the settlement are large timber yards, and a wharf, established in connection with the Elanda Point Saw Mills, whence an active lumbering trade is carried on with Brisbane by means of the steamer Culgoa and other vessels. At Elanda Point, eighteen miles to northward, on Lake Cootharajjfa, is a considerable industrial settlement, where all the necessaries of civilised life are obtainable. Kilkivan is a cluster of small mining settlements about forty-five miles west of Gympie, near the foot of the Main Range, and may be considered to include the reefing hamlet of Black Snake and the copper mines of Mount Coora and Mount Clara, about five miles distant. The population is of a fluctuating char acter, and, until lately, the place had a most desolate and abandoned appearance. The success which has attained the work ing of the Hise and Shine 'Reef, and the transfer of the Mount Ooora Copper Mines into the hands of a new and ener getic proprietary, justify the hope that the worst days of this part ofthe district are at an end. Nanango is a township of small pro portions, on Sandy Creek, a tributary of Barambah Creek, immediately west of ; the Main Range. The population is ; abjut 130. There is a good Primary , School, Anglican Church, and Roman \ Catholic Chapel, two hotels, ' and the in dispensable Court House, Police Station, and Lock-up. Nanango is the centre of a large and important pastoral district, but there is abundance of good' agricul tural land in the neighborhood. r The settlement generally kn -wn as Mount Perry consists of the associate i townships of Fife Barnett and Teunin*; ering, the former being a private and the latter a Government concern. . They occupy a valley at the foot of the mount which gives its name to the whole locality, and derive some importance fiom the copper mining industry which here has its principal seal. The town boasts a weekly newspaper, a School of Arts, Primary School, a Bank (that of New South Wales), Guurt-house, Lock up, &c; , but only one recognised place of worship, the Wesley au Chapel. The handsomest building in the place is ' Osborne House ' the residence of Capta-u Bennett, the manager of the Mount Perry Mine.- About' six miles off is the nearly deserted hamlet of Wolca, in a beautiful situation, a well-watered flat, surrounded by ste- p hills. Twelve miles to the northward lies the Govern ment township of Bo lheonda, -wdich is likewise, at present in a state of suspendid animation. There are some flourishing agricultural settlements an Drummer's aud Sunday Creeks. Bundaberg is a rising township on the river Burnett, about ten miles from the sea mouth. The principal portion is on the south bank of the river, being the site selected by Government, but a private settlement of some importance has been established on the north side, communication between the two being' maintained by means of a ferry. The i.uildin^s include -Telegraph Office, Court-House, Custom- House, School of Arts, JSiational Schools, and a Bank (that of New South Wales). The Catholic and Church of England denominations have places of worship. At North -Bundaberg there is a saw mill aud two sugar mills, and a third sugar mill is in course of erection at Rubyaana, near the mouth of the river. The latter i-i pleasantly diversified with islands above the town, and twenty miles higher up is a timbering and and agricultural settlement of sOme extent- TheCust ms rev. nve collected at Bundaberg for the year ending June, 1875, was £1655, showing an increase ou the previous year of £334, notwithstanding the depression ot the mining interest, from the development of which so much was expected. Surveys for a rail or tram way to Mount Perry are still in progress, and should the estimated cost of such a line fall within reasonable limits, niay yet serve as a basis of the construction of such a work. 