:? ? ' T'! : ^~- —i-l ? ' I a. ? JV'/CJraftevo ilial -fl ^planters onBOcia | ti'riii, w)i!ch| wa« mooted byjal corrca ;f prinilcnt jni-a former v«uc,'fln|l ^Iiich I is !sigaih;. recurred j to in a ; letter jfroin $ /inV-: of ilio 'planters vof liic. tjiiitnctl publiHJjed in al)»Ut«r tolumn', j would bo' ' ; oKgrcat : advautago to fljjl-'tlipjjo r con- ' cerned, and would materially toiBt in 1 improving and; developing ilio eullure; aiid manufacture: of _Uic nugaij in its various ?A-h'^'i''-: ''»'|!)0 . '^vantogcB- 1 ?ivOi't ;!** 'S^v''? «r';''' /''iow nDyJBUcli j^^ wft«^*H ure- ?? m^^'^l^visn.of - c.1.0' 1 ?' ! ^fc5' ^^i^K^^i -ft !'????? '^5k: °4O«^ill^wl^eH'K % ! ?: V ?^5rW'i?^-iJ*/'^f?Vv ?-. 3fp. ' - ' ^9l* ' c*V ffP M'p *'V'^V .-.?TV. .'?»&(#;. -.A t'T' ?? i .had 'often ??much to J earn before tljcy could- adapt tho knowledge gained iia otlicr countries, I so ?! as top make it applicable tp the jexigenciea' of this colony. ? It is only: by a careful coin paribon of results that the bestmelhocls cJin bo with any certainty, arrived at ; and I frequent conferences among .thq.se «'ho-aro all striyingtp attain tlio sanie cnd| although, perhaps, in ? Bomewhat diffdront ways, could not fail to bo pro ductive of mutual gain ntf(L instruction. The' great desiderata of: producing* the l;\rgpst , amount :ofj sugar bf good .quality at the least jcost, and wfth the 'smallest amount. of waste, can only, lie attained by long and careful experi ment, and every day brings to light 5-oirip improvement on old' and impcr fectj. B}-stems. ^ven I those who fancy they havo attained nearest to': perfection may! often find that j there are points on which they may gain much valuable 'information', from their fcltow^vorkers, and! may discoVer trivial details over looked by ;t!iem, but. H'liidh all help-to. malvC ulliiiiiitc; success.', j Associations for irautu.il J iiifpr.mation ,and! improvc jnertt have 1 lieen organised jin every country anil among| all classes; ? and generally with tlio best possible results ; and! we are- confident- that -if tho plan'tc'rs'of JIack'ay. wjill folliiw'some |of :the ; suggestions made, by our corres pontlcnts they will very shortly reap the ibonefit not only' individually, buj findirccl'.y alsp,.irj tho iircreased impetus 'which would bo given ? to . -the mainv lindustry of the ilistricjb- i j -'.-.' :' The recent appointment, through our A gk.-t-Gesek.ai, in London, of a gcnller man to. fiili. the office of Engineer of Kivcra and Harbors, suggests the desirability. ;of immediate action boing taken lo ;bring under: the notice';of the Government the necessity! of effecting somb improvement in 'tho navigation :pf the f Pioneer Oliver, jlfc 13 not within our|'province to point ou'fJ the partieu ? lar.jnaturp ;bf .' the work Irequircd to render it possible to db something more, thai proptl:a.'dingy']Over tlip bar aiid up. to our town at low water, but ivc are confident that wc.Bhould be neglcet ingjour duly to tho public did !we hot repeatedly agitate for that . attention to our local ^yants, which5 the growing importance of i. our. district demands. The great obstacle which presents itself is; that the colony is not sufficiently wealtliy to enable such works as that which .we BUggcst to be carried out williout debarring: other localities from obtaining pecuniary assistance towards thoj construction 'of other works ? of equal .or perhaps greater necessity. Wejarc, nevertheless, prepared to insist thati it Would : bo /perfectly possible for tlielGovenimont to carry out all such works as tho; permanent improvement of dur harboura'audjrivcra by nogocia ting a' loan1 of, ? say, half a million sterling, the greater j portion : of ' winch .would bo paid by- our posterity, \yho \ould be considerably more bonefitted than eVen'tjio, present generation, aiid who| might .be fairly clufrgcd with' 'a sharo of the: expense] If our legislators will but emulatp the enterprise ? and; 'prpgrcssivericBs , of *. ourj American cousins, a: much greater. :!measuro'i of conimercial prosperity will- bo the result, as dso a largo .iiicrcascjof our population and consequent augmenta tion of. our revenue, which ? would enable, both the* interest and principal of; such a loan as that' suggested to ibo paid without any' material increase) in bur jpresent amount of taxation. .Itiisi pcrllaps, ? scarcely fair tot our local 'reprpjontativo1. that he should ibe burdened with ajlong string of griev anccsy when he presents himself in ihc Assembly ? i and, doubtless, a1 more satisfactory jrao.do .of disposiug of oar present requirements, would, bo to p'rd| are a: statement' of thb same, with' sucl necosaary particulars as' might be .required to enable' the Government to thoroughly comprehend our wants, and then to. appoint ono or inore gentlemen of lenown ability to present a memorial embodymg lho views of the residents of-^tiiiH.district, when in-public mooting acBembled; and to firmly, but respect fully insist tihat our wants bo supplied. Leti such a deputation bo appointed, and! if ils: members will butiresolvoitb peraatoiitlyladliorb- to 'tho object they would liave'in view, they would not require a; 3onglhonod stay: in the metropolis' to bo abundantly satisfied witli Ilio, result 'of their eiortioni).;. ;If we fexpect -anything, to bo dono for us by'Uie prcsRnt or any other adminiatra tioniof tiie Qovernmbnt of Qnponaland we : jinust adopt. O'Coxnkm,'b famous raottp/ Agitate ! Agitato I Agitato! , : A moot norioui) case of Biiakobito, and oiio very jiienrly attended with fatal consoijncubiifi,' occurred near !l'loy»towo oir Sniidily last. -It aij|.eir».tliat nome Hf.Muiiiru, Marten aiid l/-nijV Kanakaa; woro 'out in the 'scrub near I'ieyilowu, whoii ono of them Wna iiitton on .'lliO'iniiUt»'°by a black snake about four feet loiigj lie whm liurricil hack to liraiiBcoinbo by lim couiiianioiia, but 'bufu.ro lu»..{5pftliof»i: the - iioisoii liad Ijugitn to to.Ua' cttoot. Jfwt ,,;-nu u'.tro iiinncdiateiv1 taken to .try anil. rreat tlio .?'action-, of tha'; jioiiion.'/.-bollr -by: irifying anil. sUcliing' thb wound, Sliiul by Ministering' hraiidy ; and ' nminonia.' A ''Wcr n -t «»co wiiitfor Dr. MoBurooy.-i : ' yie»'!ic:arrivud, foiiijd tlii unfortunate: J 'S a.Jvury bad .iitafeft'.'liB. buing ijuilo: ilia-nub nl)ll coy-vVitiri»»U-u'*)- '»V-l!y r I perccptiblcj and at 32. ? tho duct-jr imniedia [ tcty applied;' friction ? by ;nieahs.i of clctlics dipped in water to resmre tho circulation ? after this cpnrso had boea pursBod for half an hour the pulse rose to ? a-1, ami soon after to 3G, wh,on tlie^. boy was pronounced out of danger. lib soon after c implctcly recovered, and ia now none the w orse for his narrow escape. . '... .'?'?'.. Mon day next being Ea ;tor Monday will: be observed as/a general holiday, : and most people will, no doubt, av.-il themselves of the opportunity afforded them to get out of town for a daj' and enjoy 'themselves in the country. Wo hear that |thore are to be some sports on the IJace;coursq in the afternoon, hut of' what description we are notawW— proliably the usual rnnuing and jumping, and, ?pcrliaps, a race or two may follow. ? . ' '? ? . TnE inmates pf the. 'bachelors: quarters,' ui Peel-street,- hall their.iiiglit's rest disturbed on Sunday in a rather .unusual mariner. Soon after retiring to rest,: Mr.| Frew felt something : under liis pillow ;'ho put his hand under arid it j came in contact with somctliing very cold andj clammy, which ho took for a frog at first, but he soon was undeceived aslt began crawling on, \ and he perceived that,it ^vas a snake. It did 'not take him very lo righto clear out of bed, and sliout for lights arid assistance. ; A vigorous onslaught was made on his sn.ike-! ship, and ihc'wos despatched and thrown 'put. All went back to sjcepj but the tronules of the night were riot yet; over: Before long another cry for help was heard, coming this time from Mr. 'Davis,. over whom a snako had crawled. Au concerted attack was lriadb on snake' number two, and ho, too, was put out' of the way. This second )rie was probably tlie mate of tho. first;. both wbra carpet snakes, 'a perfectly 'harmless . variety, one measuring over seven feet, the other somewhat less. ? It has' been stated to us that additional- i buoysarc much needed by the pilot service at: this port There is nod a single spare buoy, and should any Of tho existing ones; by airy j mishap, bo carricU' away or damaged, it; would tako somo time [to replace it This should not be; it is 'most important that 110 means should bo omitted to protect 'vessels in their 'entry to or departure flora any -port,- j and a channel such otitheiPipnecr requires to be well and accurately buoyed.' During the last flood several of-thtj buoys were carried aw.iy, but they were all recovered by the exertions of the pilot crew. ? AVe should also, .wish to point out' to tlio authorities that tlie ? pilot service hcru ia vcryi much undermanned, and that a- second pilot should be appointed to assist Mr. Smith; now that the shipping' of this port lias so greatly increased. . . : . Tin: books ordered byjtho Committee of the School of 'Arta for the library, arrived by the Tinoucc, . and may now be procured by; sub scribe'rs to the institution. : There are upwards of three hnndred volumes in all, mostly novels. The hooka are all nicely'-half,. hound, laud wo have no doubt will be I in general request/ as hitherto there has bcoira great scarcity of reading matter in JIackay. TJic Comnittteo have yctienough funds at tlicir disposal ,; to warrant them in ; bo ldihg another order shortly, and wo hope tjhat. they willrbo well supported by the public |in their endeavours to make thb School of .[Art's; a success. The library is open on Monday afternooua from two to four, arid on Xloudays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays from sevcil to nine pirn.' for the exchouge of books to subscribers. ' ' j' ; .'' . . , The signal-master on Flat-top IslandVwaa rather startled a.few days ajro. by the appear ance of several blaokfcllows and their gins- on the island. They had- crossed over from the mainland, in tlfoir canoosjfor tliepurpose of fishin'. Mr. I'arrot' was! not quite certain at first whether their intentions were. 'peaceful' or not, and as lid was alone with j Ilia' wife; and not woll armed, ho naturkily.folti.somo appre hension till ho saw that the blacks 'meant no mischief. : Some of. tlio j blacks afterwards came up- tho river' ill their canoes, which are. very ingeniously ' made of; bark, sown, and strengthened with cane round the upper edgo ; they are about seven feet long and three feet ?wide',- ami: will carry about three blackfellows. The man. sits in the biiy and paddles,, while his ,gin in the stern is occupied in baling out the water, with a largo shell,' as' the canoes are not quite water- tight, and would soon iill if left to themselves.' Those thai came up' the rivor .hail evidently 'had a successful fishing excursion, 'as ' both the ' canoes were well supplied with lumps oE turtle's flesh and other dainties. ' ' ;. - i ??? We hope that tho Amaicnr Kritertainraont to .bo given' in aid of the Hospital funds, on Wednesday and Thursday lifcxt, wili'/bb well patronized on- each (light of pcrfprmanco. Tllfso -who attend will not; only assist in supporting a most deserving institution, but they, will receive full vjaluo forthetr morioy, as this Will, we believe, be tho best cntbrtaiu ment of its class tliat-hasyctbocii'Witricssed in .Jlaukay. Ono Croat imnrovemeift on previous occasions will bo tlio now acouery :which will be substituted fbrj tho old, worn out rubbish that has . Uithcrtij done duty for sccnory. i. Messrs. Do Kick aid Fairfax havo also painted a drop eccne,- illustrating a beautiful Italian landscape, which is eVjnal.to anything of the kind' wn havo over scon. '?? Tho libretto of the operetta 1 as bcqri printed, and will bo procurable in tho Eoom on tho nights of tho entertainment. . | ' .. All Lessees of Crown Lauds aro reminded 'that Wulucsday next, the :ilat inst., is the last day on wliich rents can be paid by thorn, . without their subjecting tubmsolves to a penalty of 25 per cent on. thojamount bf their anmial rent. ? ?' ' J ' | '. ? :' ' The annual EaBtor meeting (of thonicmbors of the Church of England is to bo held on Tuesday . next, whon wb ho{io' that Clnicch matters will bo arrangod in I a manlier that may. prbvo . moro satisfactory both to tlio' ininiBtur arid tho congrcgationithan they liavo lately . boon:' There iV I one {point, and one only, on which wo intend to 'mako any remark,' and that is on tiio innovation which won iritrbducod last yuqr ofj making all tlie sittings free Not only was ono of the principal sources of:iuctimp tliuu cutoff at a tiirio when the money jwas much nouiled, hut wo havo heard many: complaints, especially by. poraona. with families, of thb very groat iiiconveuieiice of not ibpiiijr/ ablo to.uuauro ocnt-i, tliua necosuitating cithor.thoir gning very early to chureli op having thoir family divided in suparato powa. ] Wu' boltovo that the restoration of thu.olfl practice will bu felt as nlioiiollt by a.:iargb nuinber of tlio congregation, and' will: ilintorially ausiiit tho 'pcauulary.ivoaitiuu o£ tliglciiiirah, - : ' IJy ? oiir^ {otographid! mtelligonca wo aro Jjiifnnucd. that Mr. t,'. 1L Ihizaoott has been uucceubful in Ills caudidaturo for lloekjiairipton, .Imvihg pollod a majority of: ono .hundred and forty-four vnUis. Thw ostilt vm a'ulyivunt wo anticipated j Mr.' Bu iacjiit, wlii'lo lio.was preyioualy in iillico, . tor od: tho intoru«tB of Ilia couatitnouU well,' a id »naiod no pains in advocating- the rights of ; the district, ho . repre sented.! Jlr. ^Bnisacott's only reason ..for resigning . his ' ^bat was' pressurd ; of private business ; aincd then ho .has made arrange ments i wliich allow him once more to enter tho political areija. ;!' Witli ther expbrience gained during; the past Session Mr. Buzacott ' will doubtless feel jhimself more at homo' in 1'arliame'nfciry flife,' ind rwb do *nqtTthink Rockhampton could have secured a more uac .ful reprcserit-itive.; . . ': , ? ..' ?Yestbrdav being Good Friday was obser ved as a close holiday, and the usual services were celebrated at the : various ; churches in tho to^vn., j In tho aftcrnoon;.tcmptcd by the fine weather, many of the inhabitants' wcro out cither I walking, riding, or driving, and enjo^-cd ;the 'relaxation 'from -business thus afforded them. !- ??' '?? ? ???'? :?' ?'-? ? '' '??'- .— A lioRitrni.EiACcinEsT, the result! of. tlier careless use of kerosene, has ; occurred at Tiaro. .} A panish-6man— who with hcr'hus-' band are-employed as.lal)orprs oji ^Ir. , Jccsbu's farm^eturned1! to her hut after having been driven * from . it] for some. Jays by :tho flootl. Finding ; some-^difficulty in getting the damp firewood alight, she succeeded at hist' in her object by pouring kerosene on the. logs. e*Tho fire now burning, she placed the tin containing the kerosene alongside- tho ' hearth. ''Her. dress presently i caught the tin and upset the contents.. ? Instantaneously the whole was ablazci In her; excitement she seized hold of tho tinjto put out tho blaze, when it exploded burning her face and head in a tcrribjo manner. Tho acbidcnt'liajrodried on Tuesday and up to Thursday last— our latest advice — the. wretched creature could neither see nor speak.-^-J/..: ChriinicUi ' f ' '.' A rasTKEssixa i de.\tii occurred 'at Tiarb yesterday.' j Tlie i daughter ? of -Mr. ? Samuel Inker, | about twelve years of; age, was bitten on. Friday I by a snake. Thb'nsuarromcdics were applied,' but in. such profuse qnantiics that they became fatal poisons: A bottle' and' a-half jof brandy and -a large quantity of ammonia wore jigiven. to tho child,' causing great excoriation of the mouth- and . thro.it, aud imlammatiou of the bowels and convul-, sions setin. Dr.; Power was sent fory but on the roail a; messenger met him and informed him ofitkcJ'.DOor sufferer's .decease. Tnis ia not thb first instance, we fear, in which these violent: remedies have been the actual cause of death, and warning should betaken.— Ibid.. Ssakks asd ScoKrios's.— The high ground, trees, houses 'and outhouses not visited by tho Hoods, , have been lately the abiding place of snakes, ' scorpions* and other gentry whose room is at all times more agreeable than their company, immense numbers have been killed but we: did not hear until Tuesday morning last; that any iof the unclean things had re taliated upon ? their persecutors. About S o'clock on i Monday night, Mrs. Sinclair, who resides in the lYaamba-road,' some few hnnr drcd yards from the Bnmet'ville, was awakene,d by a most severe and stinging pain on her forehead;, she was imiriodiately under tho impression! that ;she hadiboen bitten by a snake, as she | felt a numbness growing ovor her body, while at' the same timeaho found she was losing the use of her limbs'. Assist ance was procured, and Mr. Cousidmo,.and one or! two other neighbours were quickly on the spot ; [ Corisidine directly administered i brandy | . anil found 'after examination, two Ismail .punctures on ? the forehead, evidently (hot. snake ibites, and he immediately came to tho conclusion that they were scorpions stings, land there was no doubt ho was per fectly porreet. \ Mrs. Sinclair's head ttnd face awclledj to an enormous size, tie latter becom ing frightfully: discolored ; she lost the use of her^ right side and her body was, to make use of her| own cxpnisssioii, numbed all over, while the pain: she sufferedjiu her head was fcarfulj In about an hour the swelling. began to decrease,1 and the numbric3s to: pass off,: but it was [not until, daylight tliat Mrs. Sinclair iwas able to'uso'hor limbs with freedom. The 'stings iuust have beou exceedingly vciusmous, as Mrs! Sinclair is a strong, hale woman, and had Mr. Considino riot applied remedies, and taken the necessary precaution to keep his patient on the move as much ~as possible, the results might have bcen,;if not fatal, still of such, al character as to produce a long and painfuljillncss.— f A'. Argus. ' I' ' ' . -. ' ' ; The I Seven Blkssixgb.— The ifew Tort' 'JVorld jthus enumerates- itho ? seven, blessings 'conferred -upon' ;tlie United States by thirteen years of protection to nativej industry ;—' 1 0nii-ersal strikes; hundreds-of thbusanila of immense increase: bf pauperism and coriso-; queut crime. 2. A falling off of immigration to the jcxtcnt of 50 per' cent. A stream of emigrants from' the United Statoa to Europe, nearly 1000 having left during tho week end ing November 21, from the port of Now York alone. 13. A tjotal stagnation in tho woollen, cotton, (and. iron industries, the pricc'of .wages, reduced, aud the mills running only four days in the week. 4. A plethora of money (sucli as it is), wjhich can bo had. for 3 br 4per cent, on call^ which lio brie is crazy enough to invest in manufacturing enterprises. 5; .Almost general stagnation in the wholesale aiid retail trades. C. An unprecedented falling off of imports, which threatens tho rovennb with : a deHetj' while JtVgivesiitliolie to the.: theory that diminished: imports make 'home industries prosperous. 7.; A ruined export trade for all kinds of manufactures.' ; ...:-_ ; ., -.', ?, We (P. ID. Telegram) \ havo been shown, a 'letter ' from Mr. Luke; Cole, dated Rocky Creek, [March 3, from wliich wo gather'itho following interesting particulars; Mr.i:Cb(o: worked! hard with otliorain the boats saving people {from drowning, and.ios soon~aswtho news of thb; state uf things at ' tlio Dawsori rcachedl ltockhampton, ho wont with the trollicsj with blankets,; tents, arid other; necessaries. Aftor travollintall night, he and those r with him reached within two miles of the 'Dawson on tho Tuesday at 9'a.in. ,llr.' Colo says — 'Oh! tho misery and wrotchod iioss that met our eyes! A toirashipof lirtiTg' boiiu^s puinbcririg .ovor ffvo hundred 'rsouhi, aomo under bough' sheds,' the rest in the open air ; li.ilf of thorn without boots and with little clothing ; women barb-footed, with their feet and legs dreadfully swollen ,«nd blistered; yot not a murmur to bo heard. Most of them had boon up trees or on rafts or roofs of houses for three or four days: . I . distributed! 100 pairs of blankets and a lot of tents which' Jirnl been entrusted to my charge''. Mr. Colo adds iithat hosawfpurdoadbodj.es,.. and three 'morb woro known to bo missing,' but tlio total loss of life could hot -then bo accurately ioscertainod. A young gcntloman, who waa on his way to Clennout to roliovo ..Mr. llnfT iit tho Bank, npout two days on n tree. Mr. LOgaring and family, who woro at Heattiu's wliiai.tho Hood cama down, lost aU they had With thorn. .- Koborts, a oarrior, hml fifty draught horses missing, ' aud they aro supposed tu bp: drowned. Mrs. Smith, for merly of. Jiforbbrt's Crouk, was witli difficulty romovod from the roof ofhor houso, as sho doularod olio would ^o down With it Mrs.' Bcattio waB four days aud nights on a raft. Mr. Colo 4aays tho resignation of tho ?people^: woa WuudorHil, all boing only too thankful to have' saved their lives.. :. ' '''!' , Tu'k severity of tho losses Buntninod by tho oarriu'rs who woro unhappily ; oainped at. tlio Dawuoii, wliou tho Hood camp down, will lio sucu from tlio following stutemont Of 210 horses belonging, to twolvp* carrioni only 10S havo bomi '.savod ; and out. uf '208 bullocks owned by uino persons, -1411. only roinniij. Muoh ?ympathy is felt for.tlibao moil j mout iif whom had aequirod their valhablu toauiu by prolonged hard work and suit -denial arid now suddenly find themselves deprived: of (ho fruits of Oiuir labours. 'I'lio ]uss to tlio cum muuity. ia. alsoijBcriouB ; 114 draught horses, and 122 working bullovks reprosoiit a con Hidorahlo capjtat, .not to bo at bnco roplacoil ; ami wo mint onticipatu deeraased facilltios uf obtaininj; trannport and ineroaaod ; rates, bf uariiago for a wfiilo. --/*. D. Telei/ram. i' ' .'. A corriis|inuduiit, writing from. tho Aramao aays j— Uir tlie Ut instiuit nuwH. arrived from Ouaconallcld station that a .shepherd; iiniuud Stone had been found dead at his camp by .'an overseer ; the latter -it appears did not stop to examine the body but at once rode, off to tho head Station to TOport'thel matter, whence the riews^waa sent to. the polic* here. A con stable was at once despatched to make en quires, and was horrified to find the man had been brutally murdered, the head, being liter-, ally, chopped to pieces— apparently -With .an axe; - - As-r'far as can be. learnt, there was a Kanaka shepherding at tho [ sariie place as de ceased, arid ho has since been seen hiding in the bush still carrying thp axe. The deceased ..was. a. new arrival _iri.thcuu-untry. All the available police and trackers are at work, we 'expect to hear pf.liis arrest in a few days.— ?CopperfiiU Miner. . . '' ? ' . 