MB. WADE A K.C.B. SiMiAiiMiK, November 27. Mr. Wade lias boen gazetted a K.C.B. in recognition of his important services in thc recent négociations with the Chiucsc Govern ment. Tu-iiAV will bc a partial holiday, in honour of thc patron Baint of Scutlaud. Thc Banks, public offices, and schools will bo closed. THE seventh monthly meeting of thc Rock- hampton Permanent Building Society will lie held at the Protestant Hall this evening, at half-past seven, for the receipt of subscriptions aud enrolment of new shareholders. The pedigree hull " Melbourne " was offered for- sale by Messes. Brown and Kirwan on Saturday last, but did not meet with a purchaser. The highest price bid was £00; and that not being deemed up to his value, he was withdrawn from sala. The auctioneers confidently expect to dispose of tho auiinal privately, and to advantage. MAILS for southern colonies, per .Tames i 1'atcrsou, will closo this morning at 10 o'clock ; for Brisbane,) Maryborough Bundaberg, and southern colonies, per JCgmont,-for regis- tered letters this evening at G, and for ordinary j letters at 9 a.m. to-morrow ; for Broadsound aud Nebo, per Tinonee, at ll o'clock on Thursday morning. OL'« Brisbane contemporaries arc fond of drawing tho long bow. The Queenslander's j Supplement lately informed the benighted j 1'hiladelphians that Rockhampton was thc ccutre of an enormous trade-in fact a secoud Chicago. Tho Telegraph now follows suit by chronicling thc arrival at Rockhampton of 6SSG bales of wool in one week. Of course there was one 8 too many, but why not have \ done the thing handsomely and made the «umber 88,880" '< Tm; "Australian A. B. C. Guide," is thc latest contribution to periodical literature, lt is published by the highly respectable linn of Messrs. Gordon and Gotcb, of Brisbane, Sydney, ami Melbourne. #The work is a traveller's guide to the railways, roads, steam- boats, omnibuses, cabs and other conveyances, and th c leading hotels throughout thc colonies. It appears to possess thc rare merit of strict accuracy, aud will bo iuvaluablc to travellers. It contains 102 pages of statistical matter and advertisements, and presents in a compact form a variety of information only to bc elsewhere procured with great labour aud re- search. TIIK performance last night at thc Theatre Royal was well attended, and was in every sense of the word a success. It was for thc bcnelit of Mr. Mat Riley, thc Irish comedian, who of course took a leading part in thc entertainment and succeeded in delighting his audieucc by his Irish humeur aud acting. Thc songs of Mrs. and Mr. Briggs were excel- lent and rendered in tho usual effective manner. The ilanciug and trapeze business of Mr. Berto ; aud thc piano overtures and ac cntnpanirucuts of Mr. Pauiraa were first-rate. The comedy of "Barney the Baron" con- cluded thc entertainment, lt was acted in capital style by th« whole of thc company, ; assisted by a gentleman amateur of local ¡ celebrity. Vnonkmn HAMILTON will deliver thc last of four orations OD tile Philosophy of tito Human Mind, at the .School of Arte,, this evening. Thc prices of admission arc low, and as the lecturer promises to hand over to the Hospital all money in excess of £20 taken at three lectures, it is hoped that tho public will give the intellectual treat their partrouage,- and thus " kill two birds with one stone." Titi! cricketers of Hrisbane have sent a challenge to tho knights of the willow iu Sydney to play au intercolonial cricket match ill Brisbane on an early day. The challenge has been accepted, and preparations are ju progress for thc event. A letter received in ISrisb&uc; from a leading member of the Kew South Wales Cricket Association states the Sydney team will include at auy rate some of the following names :-Gilbert, Pocock, Fair, weather, Coulton, Bannerman, Rollick, Oatley Hewitt, Greenwood. Elliott, and Humphrey, lt was proposed that a New South Wales eleven should play twenty-two of Queensland, but tho evident wish in Sydney is to reduce thc Queensland team to eighteen or fifteen, as the former have already in hand a match with Victoria. AK iuquiry into thc circumstances con- nected with thc death of Mr. C. J. Skardon was held yesterday morning, before the Police Magistrate. Thc evidence of Emily Hazel, a domestic servant in the employ of Mrs. Skardon, was to the effect that on Saturday morning last, at 11 "40, Mr. Skardon, who was confined to bis room from sickness, asked her for a drink of water. She gave him the water ; he was then lying across thc foot of his bcd, and said he wanted to sleep. Some time afterwards, in consequence of something one of tho other servants said, she went into thc room again, and found Mr. Skardon lying on thc floor at thc foot of thc bcd. He was ou his faco on his right side, and had his right arm round the bedpost. Then called assistance, and it was found that Mr. Skardon was dead. Frederick Comby deposed that on Saturday moruiug ho was standing on thc verandah of his house, when thc last witness told him she thought there was something wrong with Mr. Skardon. Went into the house and found Mr. Skardon knceliug on thc floor, with his ¡Kick to thc window, one arin round thc bcd post and the other on thc child's cot supporting tho body. Went up to him aud pulled bim over on to the floor. Mr. Skardon was quite dead and cold ; he was black round thc mouth and uose, and covered with flics. James Nixon deposed to having taken some riort wine to Mr. Skardon's house, by order of Mrs. Skardon, who was in charge of the shop; saw Mr. Skardon lying on the floor in the position described by thc lost witness ; told Emily Hazel of thc fact, and said ho thought Mr. Skardon must bc dead ; went again to thc room with the servant ; called deceased twice, aud getting no answer went for assistance. Dr. Salmond deposed that bc had examined thc body of deceased, and found no markB of external violence. From the history of the case as given, he believed that decascd died from disease of the heart brought on by long habits of intem- perance, and accelerated by the extreme heat of thc weather. The depositions will be forwarded to the Attorney General. Tm: Police Magistrate held an inquiry yes- terday morning into the cause of death of Carl Kslcnscu, tho little boy who was found dead in a tank on Sunday afternoon. Dr. Callaghan deposed that on thc afternoon of the 2Slh he was called in to soe the deceased ; saw thc child lying on blankets on thc floor ; tried thc usual means of resuscitation in case of drowning, but ineffectually ; there was no mark of violence on thc body, and it was warm when he first saw it. Mads Estcnscn gave evidence to tho effect that deceased was his son ; on Sunday afternoon he was playing about tho house; about five o'clock a womau named Jansen called out that thc child hod fallon into thc tank ; took it out immediately, and having given instructious to those present to tho treatment to bo used, went at once for Dr. Callaghan ; the tank was about six feet square, three feet deep, and had about twenty inches of water in it ; it was about fourteen inches high from thc surfaco of thc ground. Mrs. Jansen deposed that she was thc mother-in-law of last witness, and lived with him ; on Sunday afternoon last she missed her little grandson, and went to look for him ; on getting to the back nf thc house saw that thc top of the tank had been moved ; one corner of it was in thc tank ; discovered thc little fellow also in the tank, and had him taken out at once, and carried into the house. O. E. Lind was present at Estenscn's house ou Sunday after- noon, and corroborated thc evidence of pre- vious witnesses as to tho finding of thc child and thc attempts made to resuscitate it. Thc depositions will bc forwardod to the Attorney General. A oorv of tho " Rules of the National, Agri- cultural, and Industrial Association of Queens- land " has just reached us. His Excellency Mr. Cairns is President of thc Society, and thc eleven Vice-presidents comprise many of the loading men in Brisbaue. There are also twenty-four "Councillors," including many well-known names. The Secretary, upon whom the success of the Society really depends, is Mr. John Fenwick, of Brisbane. Circulars arc being distributed throughout thc colony inviting subscriptions. Three guineas qualify thc subscriber 'as a governor, ouc guinea as a member, with twenty and seven guineas respectively for life-governorships and life-incmbcrehips. There is good scope for such ft society in the colony, but it is possibly of thc too cosmopoli- tan a character to culist a very hearty support. A dash of localism and rivalry bas a wonder- ful effect Ul keeping up the vigour of such societies. Thc society lias secured about ten acres of ground in Bowen Park as a show ground. "This locality," says thc circular, " for convenience and economy, is certaiuly thc best obtainable. Thc expenditure during thc first two years will, nevertheless, be very heavy-thc laying out aud preparation of the I show grounds, tho erecting ana fitting up of a suitable building for manufactured articles, and objects of industry and art, of sheds and yards for stock, &c;, will severely test the financial vit dit}- of tho association. His Excellency the Governor has just presented bis cheque for one hundred pounds as his sub- scription, which moy be said to be significative of his appreciation of thc usefulness of the Association." One important feature of tho Association is the plan which provides for every kindred institution being represented on its Council. THIS tenders sent in for tho new Court House and Public Offices were two from Bris- bane contractors, for £0000 and £81100 respec- tively. Thc tenders at Maryborough were, Messrs. Taylor aud Caldwell, £7750 ; Messrs. <;. and E. Negus, £774!> ; aud J. T. Anucar, £7341. We understand that the last tcudcr wiil bc accepted. Mr. Anucar will can y out thc contract in conjunction with Messrs. Negus.-Chronicle. ArsriiAi.iAX preserved meat has at length attainod the dignity of a newspaper of its own. The first number of Tatlerman's Table Talk has appeared, and n most worthy advo- cate of the good things wc obtain from Aus- ' tralia it is. In it wc aro told all about thc Australian meat movement in a mest interest- . ing paper written by Mr. Jehu Plummer. Then there are recipes in abundance, while thc opinions of all sorts and conditions of people, from tho Queen to thc working mau's wife are almost overwhelming iu their abun- dance. Thc idea of bringing out such a paper ¡6 a capital one, and wc wish thu publication Í all the success it deserves, aud its deserts are I vory great iudecd.- Borne itetrt. T^TÍIE'Maryborough Chronicle says:-Tho hiring at thc Immigration Barracks commenced on 19th instant Thc rates of »'ages ruling «?ere :- Single girls, six to ten shillings per «reek ; Bingle men, £30 to £40 per annum ; and married couples according to agreement. We have no hesitation in stating that thc Great Queensland immigrants are the best class of passengers who have lauded at our port. Tun Bundaberg Slar reports that another fresh iu thc river has occurred in consequence of thc heavy rains that have lately fallen in all parts of the district. The seas.m bas boen a very fortunate ono for settlers residing in dry situations, as thc water supply has been well kept up. This particularly is thc caBc with persons who have farms np thc river, as for months past they have been enabled to usc the river water, which in dry seasons is salt for twelve miles above the town, for drinking and domestic purposes. WE {Chronicle) understand that thc men employed at the Maryborough Bridge have subscribed a handsome amount, to be expended in tho purchase of a buggy and double »et of harness for presentation to Mr. J. Robertson, tile Foreman of Works. Tho presentation will take place immediately upon the coin {ilctlon of thc bridge ; and Mr. Robertson's iiggy, drawu by his men, and occupied by himself, will probably bc the first vchiclo to cross. Wn n reference to the recent escape of five convicts from Noumea, reported hy the Mary Müdrci, we (Maryborough Chronicle) now learn that their ringleader and guiding spirit was formerly a lieutenant in the Imperial Navy. They loaded tho boat with twenty tons of flour and all other necessaries, for one of thc naval stations on one of the islands, and, while their commanding officer was on the wharf saying " adieu," they puehod off and said their adieu, raised their hats, and escaped-stores and all. Truly a "French leave." Turi Gladstone correspondent of the Mary- borough Chronicle says :-" How kind it was of you to call our attention to the Singapore meat market. Mr. Young, of Mount Lar- combe, spent a month lately in Singapore, and Mr. F. N. Woods, son-in-law of the Chief Justice, is an old Gladstone resident, and they have both written strongly on the subject ; but thc mail boat only calling at Keppel Bay prevents Queensland opening a trade with the East. Not only cattle, but horses are in great demand at Singapore. The mail boats, how- ever, as far as trade is concerned, might os well cease running." THE case of Putwain v. the English, Scot- tish, and Australian Chartered Bank, a claim for salvage on the gold saved from the Gothen- burg, is proceeding in thc Vice-Admiralty Court. The Bank offered plaintiff £1000, which was refused, as tho value of thc salvage is estimated at between £0000 and £10,000. Thc plaintiff incurred expenses amounting to nearly £500, and says that, the weather be- coming very tempestuous, and so continuing, thc gold was liable to have been totally lost. The defendants allege that the risk run by the plaintiff was much exaggerated, and the ex- penses incurred were excessive. TUE following are tho entries for the Glen Innes Cup of £1000 :-Bannagher, Clifton Lad, Darkie, Athos, Typhoon, Fenelia, A. T., Thc Dirk, Mystery, Quakeress, Corisande, Kingfisher, Cameo, Goldsborough, Melody, Priam, Young Australia, Sterling, Benjiroo, The Infant, Zanco, Emperor, Ginger, chest- nut gelding by Kelpie, Lundre, Stanhope, Eugenie, Kismet, brown gelding by Lambeth, Samson, Cerito, St. Heliers, Melbourne, Kingwood, Playboy, Zetland, Timothy, The Duke, Uncos, Wideawake, Liberty, -Geelong, Stockwell, Wanderer, Erin, The Novice, Bcndingle, Feu do Joie, Sir Solomon, David, Wrangler, Andover, Barbarossa, Rataplán, Hyperion, and Ladybird. OF Bishop Hale, the Perth Inquirer says : "The departure from this colony, in all human probability, never to return, of a man like Bishop Hale, who for a period of seven- teen years has filled the sacred and important office of chief pastor of our Church, is an event which ail who know him will look upon with no small amount of regret. Tho blank his lordship's absence will create will not bc easily filled, if, indeed, it over can bc. His gentle nature, the delicate tenderness of his cultivated mind, ennobled by that unos- tentatious piety and unobtrusive benevolence which so honourably distinguish him, have commanded for bis lordship the respect of every class and creed, and have won for him in the highest degree the esteem and venera- tion of those who had the privilege of more intimately knowing, and of receiving thc warm expressions of his expansive friendship. There arc few individuals among thc more conspicuous leaders of any religious com- munity upon whom suspicion-even the jaundiced suspicion which is engendered by j sectarian spirit--has never breathed its taint, j Bishop Hale is one of tboBO few. There is an elevated sincerity about all his sayings and ¡ doings ; bo has so undeviatingly taught and exemplified by his life-as Mr, Leake said at the parishioners' meeting thc other night how admirable arc those social virtues which are inculcated pre-eminently by our religion, that no one bas been Lardy enough, or weak 1 enough, or virulent enough, to question the : sincerity of his lordship s conduct or the purity of his life." WE (Maryborough Chronicle) have been placed in possession of the following further particulars concerning the men rescued by Captain Gallant, of the Camilla, cattle ship, as reported in a late telegram from Gladstone. After leaving Noumea on the 2nd instant, and when in latitude 23degs. 27 secs., S, and longitude ICS degs. 27 secs., E., at noon, a ehip's long boat was observed, bearing down upon them from the S.E. The Camilla hove to, and the boat coming alongside was seen to contain two men ; thc cider man WOB observed, as the boat neared thc ship, to throw overboard some papers, a small blue box, and a canvas bag tied at thc neck. Thc men's statement, when taken on board, was'that they were Swedes, aud had ran away from the Danish ship, Doctor Grant, having stolen the long- boat for that purpose ; that they left the ship at anchor at Opooloo Island, in the Samoan group (2000 miles away 1) ; that they ran away because thc captain was dead and buried on tho island. Thc mate had taken charge, and one of the ordinary seamen was promoted to the position of mate ; the ship also was in a bad condition. They had been nine months on board,. but could not tell either the captain's or mate's name. They had been seventeen days sinco they left thc ship, having then a hogshead of water, 25 biscuits, and 30 cocoa-nuts. When thc Camilla picked them up they had come to their last biscuit, but had about 20 gallons of water left, and although their beards were fully a fortnight old they did uot seem in any way the woree for their adventure. Thc cider man gave his name as Olaf Braudt, and was apparently over 40 years of age ¡ the younger. Carl Petersen, was evidently not 30. Thc cider man, when asked what he bad thrown over- board, replied that th« papers were old pieces of books and a salt-box, and that the bag con- tained nothing but rubbish. Tho men stated that the cargo of the ship was composed of copra and other island produce collected during 12 months, and that she was bound for Europe, but could not tell for what country. After consultation thc captain of thc Camilla thought it best, as their statements and con- duct were so mysterious, although they evidently were nut French escapes, to return with them to Noumea, which «ros done. Thc men were placed on board the Coetlogon, French man-of-war, while the authorities at Noumea took charge of the boat and other effects. The boat was an ordinary ship's long- boat, rigged with two spritsails made of old canvass and tarpaulin. Thc Camilla again left Noumea on thc Stil instant, arriving in i Gladstone on the 14th. TUE little passage of arras between Mr, Diiutrcc and Mr. Edward Jenkins, M.P. ((Jinx's Baby), bas come to an end happily without bloodshed. "The Uaby" had, as Agent-General for Canada, announced in thc columns of the lime; that it was not politic for emigrants to go out to that colony in the fall of thc year, as its long winter was ap- proaching, and such season was ¿ot favourable to their obtaining speedy employment. Mr. Daintree, conceiving this to be (as it was) a sort of official admission against the alleged prc-omincnec of Canada as an emigration held, als», in the columns of the Times, reminded its readers that there were Ho such winters in Queensland. On this some Canadians here assailed thc honest Baby for bis superfluous candour, wheroupoti tho lattar^rcqtiired Daintree to withdrawals Icft£ Mr. Dain- tree, among other friends, consulted Mr. M ¡ellie, the Agent-General of Victoria (tte friend of both gentlemen) pp this curioute requisition, who submitted tor consideration! of thc parties, " that compliance with MflL Jenkins' request appeared to be impossiblc^l^^, until thc Timet newspaper was first withdrawn froui tho world," an embarrassing task. The subject, as the reporters say, herc dropped. Courier's London Ltiter. lr is very evident that some change in 'thc way of conducting the government immigra- , tion agency here, both for blacks and whites, is desirable. There is plenty of work for au official to do, which will occupy si) his time ; and there is an easy method of raising the necessary salary without iu any way burden- ing the public revenue. It is possible tbat the work of seeing after the white immigrants, might be doue by one of the officiais afroady in town, but the kanakas cannot be looked after. Under the present system the inspec- '?' tion of thc kanakas on their arrival may per- I haps bc carried out, but any looking after them ou the plantations hos beeb, and will bo a sheer farce. Wc beg to point out that a capitation tax of a very moderate amount on thc imported kanakas would amply pay for a thorough official inspection at this and all other ports. We are informed on the best: authority that the price of an imported kanaka in Maryborough now is only Ü10, a lower figure than has ever yet been reached ; a, tax of £1 per head would give a' very respectable salary for an official to look after them, and . attend to the white immigrants also, - and ' ' would still keep the price of Polynesians at a very reasonable figure.-IT. B. JS'eiot. WITH respect to high prices st the Palmer,, a correspondent of the Courier writes : " Although goods of every description will always be dear on the Palmer, iu consequence of the ever-shifting character of the Alluvial population, the high rate of carriage, and other' circumstances, yet I feel confident wo shall never again witness a return of the,famine r prices that prevailed on the diggings during some of the latter months Of last year ; nor shall wc probably, at tho worst, during the coming wet season, experienced such a jjear. approach to actual starvation as I've known in j.. Western Creek (in the Etheridge distr¿út)'iuid / in one or two other localities in the north, ' inasmuch as we are pretty certain tho supply of beef will be kept up, even although the price will likely enough advance from Od. to ls. per pound. It has never exceeded tho latter figure, and at that has always been re- garded as by far tho cheapest thing sold iu . the district. At Western Creek, during tho wet season of 1870, there was neither flour, beef, nor auy other article of food, such as is ordinarily used, for mouths, and probably dig- gers were never driven to greater*«traits -thari were they of Western and Talbot Creeks, and the Delaney and Robertson Eivers,; during that period. Working bullocks, horses, aud foals were killed until even that supply failed. It was a poor country for kangaroo, wallaby, or possum ; and, even though they had been plentiful, ammunition was short, and hunting. ' next to impossible, in consequence of thc, swampy nature of the ground. Tn the baking of the dampers made of the last few pounds of flour, the camp-oven was guarded ns'though thc possession of the stunted cake within was . a matter of life and death ; and X think. a certain Sub-inspector of Police, who had just then found his way down from Gilberton ia. pursuit of a supposed murderer, .would scarcely allege that he was not Concerned with some half-a-score others, starved into despera- tion, in a rush on the last pamper ; made,. bearing it off victoriously, and subsequently dining luxuriantly on damper and foal in a fugitive way. Before relief came not a crow had been left alive, thc surviving diggers were shoeless, and everything in tile shape of pig-weed or other non-poisonous edible vegetable for many miles around had been consumed. But on the Palmer, as on the Gilbert aud thc Main Etheridgo, the supply of beef never utterly failed after the arrival of thc first two or three lots ; and on the Gilbert more particularly, where the majority of the population lived on beef alone for from Uve to seven weeks, it may bc said they throve " remarkably well on it Speaking of -these lively times, and on such a pecuniarily into resting subject, recalls to my. memory crowds of reminiscences of last year, daring thc time of sickness and scarcity on tho Palmer ! Certainly, when everything' was at thc dearest, and the scarcity "was greatest, tho diggings were at their best-say from May to Novembei ¡ {tackers at .one time were charging 3s. Od. per lb. all round (or flour, rice, pota- toes, apples, and sugar. Boots worth 6s.-or Gs. in Sydney were sold at 45s. per pair ; brandy, gin, and vinegar, without distinction, 20s. per bottle, and porter 10s. When small quantities of potatoes or onions found their way up they were eagerly bought at 3s. per lb., and it was a common thing to see men, playing at euchre for a pound of potatoes and drinks. I have seen 5s. paid for a single sweet potato, and 3s. for an English potato, not more than half-a-pound in weight. 