, gpatfgt gfor^ TEE MAT "RACES.—No decision is likely to be arrived at in regard to the Course on which the Jockey Club will hold the coming Race Meeting >"fore Friday. THE RAINFAIL.—The following are ttie quantities of rain recorded at the pluses mentioned for the 24 hours ending at 9 a.m. on Thursday, *=iyl3:— > del&ide; iM'mnan J.-.elrose <ir orgetown ... Burra ( ! are Auburn >ort Wakefield "Wallaroo Moonta Blanchetown... Kapunda Willunga 0-500 0-300 0-780 1-260 0-570 0-420 0-430 0-120 1 740 0-940 0-120 1-040 0255 Normanvule ... 0-270 Cape Jervis ... 0*230 Port Elliot ... 0*505 Goolwa 0 590 Mount Barker 0-350 Strathalbyn ... 0:165 Meningie ... 0-580 Kingston 0-280 Robe Town ... 0-180 Narracoorto ... 0-520 Penola 0 370 Mount Gambier 0*220 JOT LATE MBS. J. M. FOOKS.—With refe rence to the above lady, an old colonist of South Australia, whose deoease in Tasmania we lately recorded, the following paragraph appeared in t>e LcaincuUm Examiner of April 22:—"In «ur obituary we notice the decease of Mrs. J. M. F01 ks, who departed this life on Thursday last at the advanced age of 97 years. The deceased w; * born at Up Cerne, Dorsetshire, England, in 3 777, and was the youngest daughter of the late Pev. Samuel Berjew, Rector of that place. Mrs. 1'" ks has been many years in the colonies, 1 • ing arrived in South Australia in 1840. Subs'' i'lently she joined her son, the Rev. SJ B. } oks, in Tasmania, but for some years past has 1 • s-ded with her only daughter, Mrs. J. Berjew, a Circular Head. She retained her faculties of j - a« on up to the hour of her death. Mrs. Fooks v -is a zealous member of the Church of England, s I'd her kind and urbane disposition had insured \ r the affection and regard of all who knew l-r." UNIVERSITY LECTURES.—The sixth of the < <irse of popular lectures in connection with * f e Adelaide University will be delivered this «- ning by the Rev. Professor Read, M.A. S- ject—"Homer." DRIVING ROUND CORNERS —InspectorO-borne, on Thursday morning, May 13, made a raid upon rewards of thirty unfortunate Jehus for driving 3 uTid corners with more hastethan judgment. < e practical democratic individual took ,the TF&tter; in rather acrimonious spirit remwkin? tLat he was "another victim to that absurd law.' r. Beddome said the provisions of the by-law inst be carried.out, and .the defendant replied Oh, I dare say you are doing your duty: I < • n't complain of you; but we must get the absurdity abolished, and hand the matter of it over the coals," THE WEATHER.—There is some prospect of the* weather moderating, the barometer having risen nearly half an inch once Wednesday morning, and standing to day at noon at 29*61 inches. The depth of rain registered at the Observatory lor month up to 9 o'clok this morning amounted to 6*876 incheB. Ttiis is quite unprecedented; the greatest quantity registered during the whole of May in any previous year being 6*340 inches in 1852, and the general average for the same month during the 36 years ending 1874 being 2*815 inches. The total that haB fallen this year to date is 12 077 inches. Tte total rainfall at Mount. Lofty this month up to 9 o'clock this morning was 9*16 inches. THE HON. S. D. HASTINGS, P.R., W.G.T.— This gentleman, who is expected to arrive this evening, and is a member of the United States Senate, will doubtless receive a cordial welcome both from the LO.G.T. and the public generally. He was fer many years the chief executive officer of the Order, and has actively promoted its interests. From a lengthy extract from an English Temperance organ published in the May issue of - the Templar, we learn that Mr. Hastings was born in Leicester, Worcester Co., Massachusetts U. S., on July 24,1816, so that he is now 59 years old. He is descended from a Danish chief " who made himself formidable to Alfred the Great by landing a large body of troops on the English coastand took possession of a portion of Essex." The family retained power until the 'beginning of the 17th century, when they were obliged, in consequence of their having adodted Puritan principles, to seek religious liberty in America, and accordingly Thomas Hastings and wife, the direct ancestors of Mr- Hastings, in 1634 settled in Watertown, Massachusets, The subject of our notice in his early years lived in Boston, and afterwards in Philadelphia, where, having left school at 13, he "pursued a systematic and practical course.of studies," besides attending Debating Societies and noting attentively current events. In course of time he was assisted in commencing business, when he still kept abreast of the tide of social and political offairs. He espoused the cause of the slaves, was'one of the bounders of the Liberty Party in Pennsylvania, and proved himself an " earnest advocate of universal freedom and education." Ik 1846 he removed to Wisconsin where he was elected a J.P., and in 1848 he was returned a member of the State Legislature. He was made, in 1857, Treasurer of the State, and he occupied the office eight years. During this period the American war raged, and to him the State was indebted "for most astute management of her finances, for projecting plans of economy for securing good legislation on matters of finance ana for recommending a practical disposition of the State War Bonds." To his duties Mr. Hastings applied himself with "unwearied zeal," declining all tenders ;of promotion to Congresaial honours that he might serve the State in the capacity designed by his constituents." In writing the report of a Select Committee appointed by the Wisconsin Assembly in 1849 to consider a Bill for " repealing" iall licence statutes on the State code authorizing the sale of intoxicating liquors," he pointed but that these beverages had an injurious effect. 1st. Destroying the property, health, happiness, and lives of the people. 2nd. Destroying family relations. 3rd. Producirg pauperism. 4\. Producing crime. 5th. Exhausting useful froductious and money without any comparative accruing benefit; variously, in the cost of liquor consumed, the invariable loss 1 of time, production, labour, and capital; and in the consequent loss of health and reason; also in the cost of pauperism, prosecution of criminals, and casualties." The BiU, it may be mentioned, was passed by a large majority. The interest which it will thus -be seen Mr. Hastings had taken in temperance affairs was not allowed to flag, and he was elected to numerous successive offices of high trust and honour in connection with the Order. Tn 1862 he was elected to the chief Chair and held the position until 1867, when business affairs compelled him to decline renominatibn. Since then he has been an assiduous worker in his own Grand Lodge. PAYMENT OF MTOUBPW.—This question is te be brought before the House of Assembly again by Mr. Rees. He intends on Wednesday, June 16, taking the preliminary steps for the introduction of a Bill providing for payment of Parliamentary representatives. SERIOUS MISHAP.—Mrs. Elisha Gale, of Reeves's PlainB, now lies in a helpless state, she having slipped and so fallen as to seriously injure her spine. Her recovery is considered doubtfuL ROBBERY AT THE SLAUGHTERHOUSE.—Either late in the night of Tuesday, the 11th inst., or early on the morning of Wednesday some person or persons, at present unknown, entered the (Sty Slaughterhouse andtook the tongue from every beast hanging in the building. Thecar eases were also knocked and cut about in a disgraceful manner, and rendered unfit for sale. Tae place was apparently securely fastened when it was left on Tuesday night, and it iB supposed that the entrance must have been effected by clambering over the gates. This is the second time that the premises have been robbed. THE PORT-ROAD. —Mr. Quin has formally intimated that he intends moving for a special vote of £3,500 to provide for the repair of the Portroad. THE FORGERY CASE.—The young man Jenkins, charged with forging a bill for £3,275, was committed at the City Police Court on Wednesday, the 12th instant, for trial by the Supreme Court. The Bench refused to take bail for the prisoner. A BIBHOP ON COMPULSORY EDUCATION.—The Bishop of Manchester at Liverpool, while delivering the scholarships and prizes awarded by the local Council of Education, said :—" He had been reluctantly driven to the conclusion that compulsory education was necessary. He was quite sure the public mind of tbis country was made up in favour of religious education, but the present system, whether regarded from a religious or secular point of view, was unsatisfactory. The sohools turned out neither intelligent Christians nor intelligent citizens; nor was there so much general intelligence or so much thoughtful teaching as was the case 25 years ago. He said distinctly, and without the slight st reserve, that rather than maintain one single Church school &B; a denominational school in a languishing state he would, while the time wis at his disposal, hand over the school to the School Board. People were becoming weary of apparently interminable denominational controversies and theological differences." UNSUITABLE SERVANTS.—The Northern Argus writes:—"Some of the men sent from the Adelaide Labour Offices to the farmers on the Northern Areas are of no use. They have no knowledge of farm work, and some of them have no desire to learn. A large farmer had two such recently. His son had to assist them to harness a horse and attach it to a dray for the purpose of carting manure. On reaching the place instead of turning the dray to the spot for convenience of loading, they stood in front of the animal and threw the manure over its back into the dray until it was almost buried in the litter. They were equally awkward at other work, and the farmer was obliged to discharge them. This is not an isolated case;' they are in fact too common." HUMBUG.—A correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes :—" Up to the present time I had not been able to find out the origin of the common word * humbug,' and, as I believe that there are many in a similar ' fix,' I beg to submit the following, which I have just met with in a recent number of the American Agrcutiurist:—'Perhaps there is no word in so general use the origin of which is so little known. Several derivations have been given, but the most probable is that it is a ^modification of Hamburg. During the Continental wars, so many rumours came from t s at city that when any startling intelligence arrived in London the people said, "Oh, that's another Hamburgh"—and this, easily changed to humbug, was used for impositions and frauds of' all kinds.'" YOBKE'S PENINSULA WATER SUPPLY.—M--. Duncan has given notice in the House of Assembly that he will move on May 19 for she presentation of an address to His Excellency praying for the appointment of a Commission to enquire into the means available for procuring a supply of water for the inhabitants in the irin?Dg district of Yorke's Peninsula. THE SPORTING CHINAMAN.—The Lubra has brought from Port Lincoln Beafwing, ai irongrey racer, belonging to Ah Sune, a spirited Chinaman, who has with his steed contested many races in the western district. It was intended by the owner, who was a passenger, to run Beeswing at the Mpy Race Meeting, but unfortunately in the rough weather experienced by the coasting steamer the horse got so much bruised as to render him unfit for work.for some time. THE PUBLIC HEALTH.—Measles, scarlet rash, and hooping cough have been prevalent in the neighbourhood of Meadows lately. PAYMENT FOB RESULTS. — An ingenious and novel plan has been adopted by the School Board of the Cornish Borough of Looe in order to secure the regular attendance of scholars. Finding that no threats sufficed to secure the presence of the children, and that the Government subsidy was consequently nil, the Board announced that a money grant would be given to every child attending the required 250 times per year, and a further payment to all who satisfied the examiner. The effect was marvellous, for pupils flocked to school regularly, and applied themselves so well that a luge amount was obtained from the Executive by the Board, and £47 of capitation grant was divided among the children, in the presence of a crowd of parents and ratepayers, who seemed unanimously of opinion that the grant so applied, albeit it did not directly relieve the rates, was better than that the grant should not be earned. THE OLDEST CLERGYMAN IN LONDON. — The Rev. Ti Burnet, D.D., Rector of St. James's, Garlickhithe, has breathed his last at Brighton in his 92nd year. Dr. Burnet had been nonresident for many years, and his duties during his absence were performed by the Rev. Dr. Finch, the curate-in- charge. Dr. Burnet had been associated with the parish of St. James as curate and rector for 68 years. He was a member of the University of Cambridge, took an ad etmdem degree at Oxford, and at one time waB a student of Edinburgh; he was also a Fellow of the Royal Society. The remains of this venerable and respected clergymau were taken to his late church, where the funeral service was impressively performed in the presence of a large number of parishioners. The body was removed to Highgate Cemetery, where the remainder of the burial office was said by Dr. Finch. Beautiful wreaths of fresh flowers were placed upon the coffin. It is stated that the livisg will not he filled. THEATRICAL FRIENDS.—The following has appeared in the Some Neics;—" Mr. John Hall continues to be a favourite in London, and has astonished every one by his rendering of O'Bryan in 'The Irish Emigrant.' Judged by his latest performance, it is not sayiug too muoh ,to describe Mr. Hall as -the best Irishman on the London stage at present. Mr. Hall's quondam pupil, John Morris, still manages to bewilder the people with his Protean changes, and he has evidently a successful career before him. Willie Edouin continues to delight every one with the Heathen Chinee, and night after night teaches country cousins how to play a ' game' they do not understand." SODAWATEB.—The following, from the Glasgow Neas, December 28, may be interesting to sodawater manufacturers:—" At the Central Police. Court, Glasgow, on Saturday—Bailie TorrenB preBidirg—Messrs. Dale Brothers, sodawater dealers, Bridgegate-street, were charged, ®.t the instance of the Sanitary Inspector, with having sold as unadulterated, to Mrs. Geddes, 59, Stockwell-street, a bottle of liquid matter, which was sold as and was represented to be sodawater, but which on analysis was found to contain no soda, and to be adulterated with lead to the extent of •5 of a grain to the gallon. Mr. D. Hill appeared for the defence. The sale of the article having been proved by the Bhopman, who received the sodawater from the cart, and Inspectors Walker and Geliatly, who were present at the time, Mr. Bill said the sodawater was made by apparatus similar to what had been in use for years, and that his clients had received no notice of lead being present in their sodawater till the summons in this case was served on them. Bailie Torrens said they oould not complain of not being warned, as the Press had taken great pains to notice the matter, and that he could not accept the plea that the defenders did not know of the danger of using lead pipes, as every trader was bound to satisfy himself that what he sold to the public was not injurious to health. The case was found proven, and a fine of £3 3s. and 25s. expenses imposed. Hugh Turnbull, sodawater maker, 16, Surreystreet, was charged with a similar offence. Dr. Clark, city analyst, stated that thiB sample contained *9 of a grain of lead to the gallon and no soda. In reply to Mr. Hill, the doctor said he had analysed Loch Katrine water drawn from lead pipes which had been in use for some time, and found it free from lead, but when taken from a new lead cistern that he had found traces of lead. Convicted, and fined £3 3s. and 25s. expenses." NATIVE OUTRAGES AT SANTA CRUZ.—The Melbourne Daily Telegraph states that "H.M. schooner Beagle, now at anchor in Neutral Bay. is to proceed forthwith to the Island of Santa Cruz to enquire into the recent murders of shipwrecked crews which have been reported as perpetrated there. It will be recollected that it was by the savages of this island that the lamented Bishop Patteson was recently murdered." ENGIIEH AND COLONIAL LIBERALITY. —Our Melbourne contemporary (the Australasian. in its " Talk on 'Change," makes the subjoined rather pithy observation :—" It is an item in the Ecglish news that the fund for the relief of the distress caused by the Cospatrick disaster had reached the magnificent total of £3,050! Now, is tbis intended to impress us with a sense of the liberality of our British cousins ? Haven't Adelaide and Melbourne, with far less assured wealth, given three times as much towards the Gothenburg Fund?" THE LATE FIRST LSBD OF THE ADMIRALTY. —The World has the following not complimentary word portrait of a leading member of Mr. Gladstone's late Administration :—" Mr. Childers was apparently pitchforked into the Cabinet as a makeweight to Mr. Ward Hunt, for like that gentleman he is big and burly. He is of the class ef politicians who are in their place as the chairmen of local gatherings. As an administrator he was a more conspicuous failure than any of his colleagues. As a boy he probably was the good and industrious pupil of nis school—and a big, good, hardworking, but dull boy he still remains. He became First Lord of the Admiralty because he had been Financial Secretary of the Treasury, and he became Secretary of the Treasury because he attended the House of Commons with exemplary punctuality, and occasionally made speeches in which he laboriously proved that two and two make four, and had previously done the same at the Antipodes." How TO EXTINGUISH A FIRE IN A SHIP'S HCLD.—A writer in the Otago Guardian (New Zealand) makes some suggestions for extinguishing fire in the hold of a ship at sea. He says :—" Fire will be extinguished if we cut off its supply of oxygen. Let every ship carry above deck an ever-ready supply of fresh lime shells and a supply of sulphuric acid. Whenever a fire is discovered below, order all hands en deck, open the hatch whenoe the smoke is escaping, throw down a quantity of quiok lime, and pour down en it the acid. Close the hatch air-tight. The lime and acid will generate carbonic acid gas, which will fill the hold and extinguish the fire. If 1 am wrong in my theory, I hope some of your scientific readers will correct rce. If the idea is good, the Government should compel all shipowners bringing out immigrants to put it in practice." CRICKETING DIM NEB.—An excellent dinner in connection with Brown & Thompson's Cricket Ciub was provided at the London Inn on Monday evening, the 10th instant, by Host Hanton. Mr. J. Pine, in the absence of the President, Mr. Thompson, occupied the chair, and Mr. H. J. Thompson, jun., the captain, filled the vicechair. After the Secretary's report the Chairman presented Mr. H. Field with a bat, he having been the highest aggregate scorer of the season. He played in 23 matches, aud made an average of 9 13 runs. Several songs and recitations were given pleasingly. TELEGBAPH TO FIJI.—A recent New Zealand paper states that the Imperial Government h is intimated its intention to co-operate with the Australasian Colonies in the matter of a submarine telegraph cable connecting Fiji with the projected New Zealand wire. PUBLIC "FTAT.T. AT MEADOWS.—A meeting was held in the Meadows Schoolroom on the evening of the 6th inst. to consider the expediency of erecting an Institute and Public HalL Mr. W. Ball presided, and it was unanimously agreed that the building was much needed. It was urged that with a little perseverance the necessary funds could be raised. The following residents volunteered their services as Committeemen and canvassers:—Messrs. J. Catt, W. Ellis, C. Nottage, D. Simpson, P. Murrie, F. W. Vickery, and J. 8. Jones, Hon. Secretary. Subscriptions to the amount of £30 were reported as already promised. TASMANIAN IRON.—The following is from the Lcunceston Examiner of May 1:—"We were present at the foundry of Mr. Peter, on Thursday afternoon, upon the occasion of his first casting of a quantity of Tasmanian iron. The charge consisted of from 35 cwt. to two tens of iron frcm the Hematite Company's works at Middle Arm, and the castings comprised articles of all descriptions—from a ftyingpan, spanners, and ornamental railings, to heavy wheals for machinery. The iron was submitted to the severest tests, and Mr. Peter expressed himself perfectly satisfied with the result, the metal proving quite equal to the best imported. On removal from the sand, and being tried with a file, the iron was found to be very soft and tough, whilst the colour and grain so closely resembled the best Scotch pig as to baffie the most experienced judges. We may mention that on comparing the strength of some imported with that made by the Hematite Company, the pigs of the latter, though only a little over one-third 1 the size of the former, m several instances resisted a larger number of blows of equal weight. The iron possesses the quality of receiving the most delicate impressions' in casting, and to all appearance it cannot be surpassed. Of course, the castirgs have to stand the test of actual work, but there is ne reason for supposing that in this respect they will show any inferiority. Mr. Peter, whose opinion as a founder is second to none in these colonies, believes that the homemade iron is, for his purposes, fully equal to any that can be imported; but its adaptability to malleable purposes has yet to be proved." DREADFUL" ACCIDENT.—The Border Watch records the following serious accident which happened to Mr. P. G. Byass, the Port Mac- D'onneli mail contractor, on Monday morning, May 3:—" At about half-past 11 a.m. he reached the Court-House Hill, and stopped his horse in order to deliver a small parcel at the Anglican parsonage. He had only gone a few yards atter starting again, however, when one of the two horses in the coach fell. It was dragged for a short distance after it fell, and the pole of the coach broke, Mr. Byass vainly endeavouring to stop the other horse. The horse that had fallen presently righted itself, and then both the affrighted animals bolted. Mr. Byass had very great difficulty to prevent them colliding wi^h the fence on the right-hand side of the road, and it is matter for wonder the vehicle did not capsize there, for it ran for a chain or two on the steep side of an embankment. Nearer the bottom of the desoent the coach was got into the middle of the road, but the horses then swerved to tte left side, and the coach was brought with great violence against a telegraph-post, the collision capsizing it and smashing the front, besides damaging other parts to a lesser extent. Mr. Byass was accompanied by his little son, about seven years old. They were both thrown out in front of the coach, and the former had his left leg completely smashed just above the knee, it appearing as if he had struck the telegraphpole before falling to the ground. When the coach capsized the harness gave way, and the terrified horses galloped along the street towards the Post-Office. In turning the oorner there they ran foul of a post, and one of them was thrown down. Recovering themselves, they proceeded along Commercial-street a little way, when they were secured. Mr. Byass was removed to the South Australian Hotel immediately after the accident, and medical aid procured. About midday he was removed to the Hospital, where it was found necoessary to amputate the leg just below the thigh. This operation was performed the same afternoon. The little boy, who sustained only a few bruises, was also taken to the Hospital for treatment. Telegraphic intelligence of the occurrence having been sent to the Port, Mrs. Byass ai rived at Mount Gambier just after the operation had been performed. We learn that Mr. Byass is getting on favourably." A CRICKETING TOUR IN NEW ZEALAND.—The last issue of the Autiralasian, in its cricketing column, has the following:—"Our readers will remember that at the commencement of the season just past an attempt was made by the cricketers of New Zealand to induce a Victorian eleven to visit and play a series of matches in that colony. The attempt was, however, then futile, and it has remained for certain influential Melbourne cricketers to cany out the matter. A number of these have joined together and appointed an. hon. secretary, and Dunedin, Wellington, Christchurch, Auckland, and Nelson have been communicated with as to matches bring played at each city. In Sydney, the idea has been warmly taken up also, and the visiting team will consist of Bix New South Wales players and six Victorians, and thus be in the truest sense an "Australian Eleven." It is proposed to start from Melbourne immediately after the next intercolonial match at Christmas, and the trip will entail an absence of just two months. Promises have already been received making this colony's contingent complete, and still le?s difficulty is anticipated in Sydney in collecting the N.S.W, quota. Now that Victoria, New South Wales, Tasmania, and South Australia have each their annual interchange of visits, it is time that BO large a section of the cricket-loving community as New Zealand contairs should no longer remain out in the cold, and it is to be hoped this undertaking will become annual in its character." ANTICIPATIONS OF THE V.R.C. SPRING ENTRIES. —About the entries which must be made before June 1 at 4 p.m., "Augur," of the Australasian, says:—" Various opinions exist as to the number, who will nominate for the Melbourne Cup, some sanguine individuals prophesying that the list will reach nearly a century, but something between 70 and 80 will be nearer the mark I think, and between 40 and 50 will be nominated for the Champion Raoe. The Maribyrnong Plate is_ bound to be largely patronised, as the Messrs. Fisher will nominate nearly, if not quite, a dozen; and as the stake will be richer than the Melbourne Cup, I presume that the New South Welshmen will enter largely.'' "THIS PICTURE AND THAT."—In the year 1874, at a country race meeting in Tasmauia, Mr. J. W. Graves, the owner of a horse named John Peel, was appointed one of the handicappers. Although he had no interest in the raoe which John Peel was entered for, he, with true sportsmanlike feeling, begged to retire when the matter of John Peel's weight was discussed, and on perusing the handicap subsequently he requested his brother haadicappers to raise John Peel's weight 7 lbs., as he considered that they had let him off too lightly, but notwithstanding this increase in his weight John Peel won. After the race Mr. Travers, who owned the seoond horse, protested agaipst John Peel receiving the stakes, on the ground that his owner had acted as one of the handicappers. The Stewards very properly dismissed the protest. Feeling aggrieved Mr. Travers forwarded to the Australasian the question as to whether a horse owned by one of the bandicappers was entitled to the stakes, and the answer of course was in the affirmative. Mr. Travers, not feeling satisfied, submitted a case to Admiral Rous, but without explaining Mr. Graves's sportsmanlike conduct, and here is the Admiral's answer:—" There is no law against a handicapper weighting his own horse, or against a Judge judging his own horse, or against a starter starting his own horse. Considerable excitement would be created by the handicapper's horse winning, or by the Judge's horse being placed first in the event of a finely- contested race, or by the starter allowing his own horse to get an advantage at starting; but the officials and public could get no redress. There is no racing law which can reverse their decision. To Question 4: If two handicappers are appointed with equal power, if there is a discrepancy in their weights, the only reasonable course to pursue is to select from the most experienced racing men an umpire who has no intarest in the race. A handicapper owning a horse will naturally transfer the responsibility of the weight to his colleague, or to the stewards of the race meeting.—Yours, &o.;, H. J. Rous, 13, Berkeley-square, Feb. 22, 1875." "Perhaps," says Augur, in the Australasian, " Mr. Travers will be satisfied now. If he isn't he ought to be." 