m 1 • ABSTRACT OF NEWS. London, October 29, 1875. The annexation of New Guinea has attracted a great deal of attention during the past month. Letters discouraging colonization have appeared in the Times from Captain Moresby and Mr. Macfarlane, and three long lettera in reply have been published by Lieut. Armit, the promoter of the pioneer expedition. His projected Company requires a capital of £100,000. Full details of Commodore Goodenough's murder have reached the Admiralty, and have been published in the newspapers. Annoyed by the frequent escapes of prisoners from Kew Caledonia, the French Government is concerting measures with Foreign Powers to prevent such occurrences in future. It is alleged that a secret Liberation Society exists at Sydney. A Bill has been introduced into the German Federal Council, the object of which is to check abuses in the transport and employment of Polynesian labourers by German subjects. This is intended to supplement British legislation on the subject. Sir Charles DuCane, in distributing the prizes to the agricultural labourers in Essex, spoke of his experiences in Tasmania, and gave some j judicious advice regarding immigration. ' Mr. Forster will deliver a lecture on " Our ' Colonial Empire" in Edinburgh on the 5th , November. ; Sir Charle« Cowper, the Agent-General of New South Wales, expired on the evening of October 19, after several days of partial unconseiousness. He was interred in Highgate Cemetery. Mr. Samuel Wilson, of Victoria, and Charle3 MacMahon, Speaker, have received the honour of kniehthood. Mr. William Wykeman Perry, Secretary to the late Commodore Goodenuugh, has been appointed Paymaster to Her Majesty's fleet. The Bev. George Clark, of Hobart Town, has received a warm welcome from the Congregational Union, and spoke at one of its recent meetings in London. Two nests of humble bees have been shipped for Canterbury, under the care of Mr. John Hall. The object is to attempt the fertilization of common clover. A successful experiment has been made in England in manufacturing paper from Australia * papyrus or sandrush. The sample is va'ued at £40 to £43 per ton. At a winding-up meeting of the Cospatrick Fund Committee the balance of £80 was distributed in additional grants. All hope of the safety of the ship Strathmore, bound for Ot&go;, has been abandoned. As she had on board 20 tons of gunpowder and spirits it is feared she perished by explosion. ; Sbe carried between 80 and 90 souls. The Rosario and Blanche have arrived at Chatham. The steamship Dido has been ordered home from the Australian Station. The steamer Edinburgh sailed on the 4th inst. with the shore end of the New Zealand cable. The Hibernia leaves shortly with 1,060 miles of the deep-sea portion. The work is expected to e completed in February. A succeFsful trip has been made by the new steamer Clarence, built for the Clarence and New Zealand Steam Navigation Company. The ship Lady Jocelvn has sailed for Adelaide with 508 souls; the St. James for Brisbane, with 365 emigrants; and the Earl Dalhousie leaves Plymouth in November for Sydney, with emigrante. Lloyd's Committee have asked for information respecting the Strathnaver, reported to have sailed from Sydney on the 27th April for London. Her loss will probably soon be posted. The Prince of Wales's Indian visit excites deep interest among all classes. There are not a few churlish objectors to the mission, but the general sentiment of the nation is favourable. On Saturday, the 9th October, the Lord Mayor and Corporation attended at Marlborough House, and presented an address expressive o the sympathetic interest and good wishes of the country. On Sunday Dean Stanley, at Westminster Abbey, referred to the journey, and in nearly all places of worship the Prince was prayed for. During the week preceding his departure a large number of illustrious guests were entertained at Sandringham; and on Sunday, the 10th October, there was a family gathering at Marlborough House. The first detachment of the Prince's party, including Sir Bartle Frere, started for Paris on Saturday evening. The Prince left Charing Crass by special train at 8 p.m. on Monday evening, the 11th October. The station was thronged with friends assembled to bid him farewell, and crowds were collected in the streets, who cheered the Prince while passing. The Princess and the Dukes of Edinburgh, Connaught, and Cambridge accompanied him to Bpver, and the Princess crossed over to Calais with her husband in the Castalia, returning by the same steamer. At Paris the Prince exchanged visits with Marshal MacMahon, and left on the 13th, safely reaching Turin on the following day, where he was received by Lord Alfred Paget and Victor Emmanuel's Aide-de-Camp. Leaving Turin on the morning of -the 15th, he arrived at Brindisi early on the following day, where he was warmly greeted by several high functionaries, and salutes were fired in his honour by the British and Italian ironclads. The Prince, who was in excellent health and spirits, then proceeded to the Serapis to breakfast. Before noon the Serapis steamed out of the harbour, escorted by the Italian ironclads, and reached the Piraeus on Monday morning, the 18th. King George was there to receive the Prince, and they proceeded to the railway station, amidet artillery salutes and popular acclaim. At night Athens was illuminated, aud a State dinner was given. Similar festivities took place on the following day, and the chief members of the Prince's suite received decorations. On the 20th the Prince re-embarked, and reached Cairo late on Saturday evening, where he was met at the railway station oy the Khedive. Visits were exchanged on Sunday, and the British residents were received at the Consulate, and in the evening a dinner was given by the Khedive in honour of the Prince. On Monday the Prince invested the hereditary Egyptian Prince with the Grand Cross of the Star of India, visited the Pyramids, and attended the opera. Leaving Cairo on Tuesday afternoon the royal party reached Suez in the evening, and left for Bombay. It is stated that the Nizam's health is too delicate to permit of his visiting the Prince at Bombay. The Deccan, having on board most of the special Press correspondents, broke down near Gibraltar, and another vessel had to take them on. The Graphic and Illustrated London News have issued special Indian numbers. The Princess of Wales has retired to Sandringham The Danish King and Queen are paying a visit to England. They will stay till the middle \- of December, when the Princess and her children will return with them and epend Christmas at Copenh&gen.; The Queen is still at Balmoral. The Duke of Connaught, after his return from the German manoeuvres, left England for Gibraltar to take up a staff appointment there. The Duke and DuchoEs of Edinburgh, since their return from the Continent, have retired to Eastwell Park. The Freedom of the City was conferred on Prince Leopold on the 25th inst. After the ceremony he was entertained at a splendid dejeuner. The Prince and Princess Christian, after six weeks' visit to Balmoral, have returned to Cumberland Lodge. Colonel Yule has been appointed to 511 one the vacancies in the Indian Council. Lord Napier, C oHimander-in. Chief in India, resigns next spring, and .will be succeeded by Sir Frederick Haines. The Duke of Buckingham, accompanied by his three daughters and suite, 'sailed on the 15th inst. to assume the Governorship of Madras. Ha will officially receive the Prince of Wales on the 6th of December. The Earl and Countess Dufferin embarked last week at Liverpool on their return to Canada. On the 4th October Sir Garnet Wolseley landed at Plymouth on his return from Africa, The Cape papers speak in emphatic terms of the success of his mission. At a banquet given on leaving Durban bir Garnet stud he had traversed the length and breadth of Natal, and knew it was capable of becoming one of the brightest jewels in the British Crown. There waa no need of prophetic gifts to foretell its destined future. It only* rested with the colonists to convert what might now be considered a vision into a reality. Earl Carnarvon's proposed Confederation scheme is becoming so popular that the Cipe Ministers who opposed it show signs of relenting'. An extraordinary session of the Parliament was convened for the 10th November to consider the new organization. Mr. Froude, speaking at the Durban mooting^ said he found the desire for federated self-government strong in the provinces, and he believed the sectional differences which have hitherto impeded the desired usion would be overcome. Mr. Froude has since received a princely reception at Grahamstown. According to the South African Mail, Sir Henry Barkly's administration at the gold-fields provokes serious complaints. War has broken out at Cape Palmas between the natives and the Government of Liberia. During the fighting on the 17th September 50 were killed and wounded, and a great battle was expected to follow. Two long letters have been received from Mr. Stanley from the interior of Africa. After great; sufferings and sanguinary conflicts with hostilo tribes he had reached the Victoria Nyanza, and thoroughly surveyed and explored the lake with his steam launch, General Johnstone, the Confederate commander, is reported to have accepted the supreme command of the Egyptian army, with a* salary of 25,000 dollars. Advices from West Coast of Africa state that I the British expedition against the Congo pirated j was about to commence operations. The Chinese difficulty has been pacifically j at ranged. A telegram from Mr. Wade, dated I Pekin, October 7, states that he had obtained | from the Chinese Government the guarantees he I deemed necessary, and that Mr. Gropenor wou'd proceed to YunnaD. The concessions seem to have been extorted piecemeal. The Pekin Gazette has published an edict enjoining the proper treatment of foreigners in China. Foreign Ministers are henceforth to be permitted to communicate with the heads-of provinces and departments. Burmah has succumbed, and unconditional permission has been accorded for the passage of British troops in case - of need. The obnoxious Chinese General, Lee- Seetbai, has escaped and has been disgraced.! | The Margary outrage is to be avenged, and Mesfers. GrOBvenor and Baber have left Shanghai for Yunnan on a mission of enquiry, i Sixty tons of Martini-Henry ammunition,'. shipped as London merchandise, has been , landed at Shanghai for the Chinese Government, The matter is being investigated by the British. ' authorities. | The Empress Eugenie and Prince Louitf - . Napoleon have returned to Chisdhurst. Mr. Thomas Thomhill, a Conservative, - has • been returned unopposed for West Suffolk. The vacancy in the representation of the City of Armagh, through this death of Mr. Vance,. has been filledby the return of Mr. De la Poec ; Bereeford, a Conservative. ! At Sunderland, on two successive evenings,' > Dr. Kenealy was driven from the platform by . the riotous proceedings ef an organized band o£ opponents. | Dr. Hugh McNeile has resigned the Deanery - of Ripon In consequence of failing health. ; The Corporation of London have driven the first pile for a Thames steam ferry, and have held a civic fdte at Epping, which included a - long procession through the forest. Through the efforts of the City authorities. 2,000 acres of land, which had been illegally enclosed, have been restored to Epping Forest, making its whole extent 5,000 acres. Those who have built mansions will have to pay quit* rents. Another great metropolitan improvement is projected in the neighbourhood of Holborn. Four new streets are to be opened up at a cost of £374,500. Newnham Hall, Cambridge, the new ladies'" college, has been opened, and 27 students received into the residence. The exhibitions and scholarships are open to competition. The Yorkshire College of Science in Leeds," established by the leading manufacturers of the county, was opened by the Duke of Devonshire. Forty thousand pounds have been collected, and lectures in connection with the institution hava been given during the past twelve months.' Lord Frederick Cavendish is President of the College. It has been decided by the Corporation to convert Nottingham Castle into a Fine Arts Museum, at a cott of £16,000, of which £10,000 has already been raised by public subscriptions. In memory of Mr. Candlish, late M.P. for the borough, a statue has been inaugurated in Sunderland Park by Sir Henry Havelock. A Dublin Committee has been appointed to raise a memorial to the late Sir John Gray; £1,000 is already subscribed. The foundation-stone of an aquarium and skating-rink at Yarmouth has been laid by Lord Suffield. The estimated cost is £30,000. Mr. Thomas Jessop, a steel manufacturer of Sheffield, has undertaken todefray the entire cost of a Women s Hospital, amounting to £22,000. A large convent in connection with an English Church at Bournemouth has been formally opened, after a high celebration in the parish church, at which a clergyman from St. Albau's, Holborn, officiated. Another workmen's* town, similar to the Shaftesbury Park estate at Battersea, is to be built near the Harrow-road, to accommodate 16,000 inhabitants. The Boyal Aquarium and Winter Garden at Westminster will be opened in December. The reservoirs will require 750,000 gallons of sea water to be brought from Brighton in sealed, barrels. An influential me sting at Bristol has resolved to erect a tower at the west end of the cathedral as a memorial to Bishop Butler. Mr. Gladstone on two successive days has entertained 850 cottage tenants in a tent near Hawarden Castle, and afterwards addressed them. By the arbitrary treatment of one of his tenant farmers Lord Darnley has provoked much public censure. The project of flooding the African desert contmues to secure publio support. The cost isstated roughly at three millions. Two seamen, who were imprisoned for refusing to proceed in an uuseaworthy ship, have recovered £10 each and costs from the captain. Sir Stafford Northcote has made three excellent speeches in the North. On the 6th he' inspected some rock-boring in the River Tees, and laid the foundation-stone of the graving: dock at Middlesboro'. On the following day he hud the foundation-stone of the Institute of thei •• Cleveland literary and Philosophical Society. Before the Norfolk Chamber of Agriculture Lord Kimberley has spoken on the working o£ : the Poor Law. He is in favour of working it very - sternly, refusing outdoor relief, and granting: aid from the Imperial Exchequer only for indoor expenses. He contended that as labourers* wages had been increased they should be compelled to contribute more to their destitute relatives. Lord Derby has made two important speeches - —one at Manchester after distributing the prizes of the Society for Promotion of Scientific Industry; the other at Liverpool at a dinner given in his honour by the Mayor. After discussing the Turkish and Chinese questions he announced the suspension of the Admiralty Circular on fugitive slaves. The public agitation and indignant protests from all quarters had begun te alarm the Government. The origin of the reactionary instructions is still involved in mystery, but the Foreign De~ 5>artment is strongly inspected. At a large public meeting at Bradford the Circular was denounced by Mr. Fcrster. Professor Fawcett, in opening the session of the Midland Institute at Birmingham, delivered an sddr^ss on education, in which he took a hopeful •view of the course of elementary instruction, assuming that in a few years enforced school attendance will have secured to every child a knowledge of reading, writing, and arithmetic. In addressing his constituents at Dundalk, Mr. Sullivan, remarking upon the political situation, •observed that Mr. Disraeli had a large party, tout not a Etrong one. The day is not distant when the Tories w31 hold office only on sufferance, wiiile the Whigs will be too weak to -take their places. Tne destinies, not only of Ireland, but of the British Empire, would then be in the hands of the Home Rede party. The Social Science Congress was held at Brighton from the 6th to the 13th instant. Lord Aberdare's inaugural speech was devoted to crime and pauperism. The attendance at 'the various sections was far from encouraging. The selection of Brighton was obviously a mistake. Liverpool is fixed for the next year's meeting. Several religious bodies have held their •gatherings during the month—the Church Congress at Stoke-npon- Trent; the autumnal session of the Congregational Union in London; the Baptist Union at Plymouth; and the Synod-of English Presbyterians at Liverpool. The Bishops and clergy of the Establishment are considering the propriety of concessions to Dissenters, in anticipation of early legislation on the burial law. The disinterred remains of Guibord are to be buried in Montreal Cemetery, under military protection. The Catholic Bishop, in his pastoral, bfeB warned'his flock not to interfere as before. To pacify them, he declares the ground will be accursed the moment the body is laid in it. The Papist fury has provoked Protestant reprisals. A crowded public meeting at Glasgow has , passed some strong resolutions condemnatory of the present attitude assumed by the Romish' Church, The police force, which since June has protected Father O'Keefe's house, having been withdrawn, the premises were last week plundered and totally wrecked by a lawless gang of men, who defied the authorities. The father is reduced to utter destitution. Twenty-eight men -are in custody. Mr. Gladstone has written an article in the Church Quarterly Review on the Church and State question in Italy. Birkenhead has decided by a large majority of votes against a School Board. The Council of Queen's College, Birmingham, has unanimously declined to admit female students to that institution. The surviving heroes of the Balaklava charge have been handsomely entertained with a ban- \- ijuet and fete at Alexandra Palace, the directors bearing all expenses. Mr. Pennington recited Tennyson's "Six Hundred" in the banqueting room, and Mrs. Stirling subsequently in the Theatre. Crimean relics were on exhibition in •Central Hall, including a horse 26 years old. Sixty silver medals, bestowed by the Royal Geographical Society, have been presented to (Livingstone's native followers at Zanzibar. A sham fight has taken place at Wimbledon between about 2,000 of the Household troops. Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar commanded the -attacking party, and Colonel Fletcher the defence. The Commander - In - Chief witnessed the manoeuvres of the troops of Che Southern Division in an imaginary attack and defence of Hayling Island, near Portsmouth. The Lords of the .Admiralty hare paid their annualfdsit to Devonport Dockyard, when the Iron Duke was examined. After inspecting the Royal Marine Artillery their Lordships repaired to Chatham. The Boadicea, an ironclad of a new type, has been launched at Portsmouth. The attempt to raise the Vanguard by means of enormous masses o! cork has failed. The attempt is abandoned till next spring. An Admiralty minute on the court-martial on the loss of the Vanguard excites great dissatisfaction. Thar Lordship* decide that no further investigation is necessary; that the high rate of «peed during the fog did not contribute to the disaster, which was occasioned by the reduction of the Vanguard's speed and the improper shearing out of fine of the Iron Duke, -under the orders of her nailing offioer, Lieut.=Evans, who is dismissed his ship. No blame is attached to Captain Hickley, of the Iron Duke, and Vice- Admiral Tarleton is censured only by implication. The sentences on the Vanguard offioera are approved. The Inman steamer City of Berlin has made the swiftest passage on record between New York and Qaeenstown—7 days 15 hours 20 minutes. The Pandora, fitted out at the joint charge of Lady Franklin and Captain.Young, has returned from Baffin's Bay, bringing favourable news of the Alert and Discovery. The records left by Captain Nares at Carey Islands on 27th July state that the season was an open-one, and there was every prospect of reaching a high latitude before they were frozen up. All -were welL The progress of the 'Pandora having been arrested, by block ioe, -Captain Young resolved to return to England. The direct cable having-been broken off Newfoundland, the Anglo-American Company have ^raised their tariff to 4B. per word, which they propose to maintain. A ceurt-martial will be held on Prince Leiningen and Captain Welsh, of the Alberta, . as soon as the Civil Court enquiry is disposed of. Mr. Heywood has not yet made any claim on the Government forthe value of the Mistletoe, but a private arrangement will probably be made. The Queen has incurred -much unpopularity through affair. The city authorities have resolved not to invite the Honduras, Paraguay, and Costa Rica Ministers to the Mayoral banquet on 9th November. A sentence of three years' imprisonment, and the restitution of £90,000 stolen from the Imperial Ottoman Bank, has been passed on four of the persons principally concerned in the robbery. The National Agricultural ^Labourers' Union have held aConference at Oxford. Onthefirst day Mr. Dizop, M.P., presided, and the report . drawn up by Mr. Morley and Mr. Hughes was read. Mr. Jenkins spoke on -the -second day. The officers have beeQ vindicated, and harmony is restored. • The Trades Union Congress held its sittings at Glasgow (from -the 11th to the 26th inst. £his organization assumes more and more the funo- \- taons of a rival Sarliamect. All ksods of national subjects are introduced and discussed. A scheme is . proposed for the consolidation of all -trade societies .having 1,000 members into one .gigantic association. The North Wales colliers have eefused to accept the decision of Mr. Serjeant Wheeler, \- the umpire, that the reduction of IS per cent, proposed by<£he masters was reasonable, The Stockton iron shipbuilders have resumed vrork at 7i instead of 10 per cent reduction. The proposed arrangement for fixing the price ;for puddling during thssCrst six months of next syear throughout the North has temporarily foroken down. Meanwhile, the state of the iron &nd; coal trades is estrem«ly gloomy. In South Wales, too, there are apprehensions of a further reduction of wages. New difficulties have arisen among the coal and ironstone miners of Warwickshire, which threaten to prevent the resumption of work. Iron shipbuilding on the Clyde continues in a depressed condition. The threatened strike of Great Northern employes has been averted. Several hundreds of farm labo«rers are on strike against a reduofcion of wages £rom 14s. to 23a. per week. In some districts the reduction has been successfully resisted. A new Labourers' Union has been formed, under the auspices of Professor Newman, partaking of the character of a Land Tenure jReform Association. There is an extensive strike among the North Wales colliers in the Oswestry, Chirk, and Ruabon districts. With a few exceptions, the men have brought their tools from the pits, as they decline to accept Serjeant Wheeler's award of 15 per cent, reductioa in wages. The Whitechapel tragedy has entered upon a sew phase by the arrest and examination of WainWright's brother Thomas. He admits having purchased the chopper and spade found near the grave of the murdered woman; he Is proved to have frequently visited Harriet Lane under the assumed name of Mr. Frieake; and fetter end telegram professing to account for the woman's disappearance are traced to him. He has therefore been charged as accessory to the murder after the fact. Both brothers have been committed for trial, and are now in Newgate, and the Grand Jury has brought in true bills. A ghastly tragedy of a similar character has been reported from Italy. A young girl was seduced, decoyed from her home, and-afterwards murdered by a student, who cut up the body, packed it in a case, and dispatched it by rail to Borne. The police are on the traok of the murderer. The man who committed the murderous assault on Miss Soper, the housekeeper, who had charge of a confectioner's shop in the Borough, one Sunday morning in September, has not been captured. Mr. Charles Bradbury, printer of the English* man, after having been committed for trial for libel on George Potter, apologized, and has been released. He has relinquished his connection with that scurrilous paper. Ahmed Kenealey has been summoned at Hartlepool County Court by a^ bill-poster for value of services rendered during the recent election. A Greek merchant named Maviocordato, committed for trial on charge of obtaining a large quantity of foreign bonds by fraudulent pretences, has been sentenced to five years' imprisonment. The Newmarket Second October Rsoe Meeting was unusually successful. There was a great muster of horses, the weather was favourable, and the attendance good. Thirty-six runners started for the Cesarewitch, and were got away at the first attempt. The winner was Prince SoltykofFs Duke of Parma; Pageant-was a close second, and Perplexe third. Duration of race 4 min. 7 sec. Extraordinary interest was excited on the 13th by a great match between Galopin, the winner of the Derby, and Lowlauder, a gigantic chesnut. Immense sums were staked. . Galopin won by a length. On the 14th 30 two-year-olds .started for the Middle Park Plate, which was won by Petrarch, belonging to Lord Clifden; Madeira and Heurtebise were four lengths behind. Time, 1J min. On the 2Sth a laige field of 36 contended for the Cambridgeshire Stakes, resulting in favour of Sutton, who won easily by a length and a half from Lord Gowran, while Grey Palmer came in third. Sutton was favourite. Lord Aylesford's horses were sold at New* market on the 13th. Julius Caesar fetched £3,300; Southern Cross colt, £1,300; Dukedom, £1.200 ; and Leveret, £1,100. Twenty-eight hunters belonging to Sir Thomas B. Lennard averagedfby auction 172 guineas each. Mr. Hemming's famous kennel of greyhounds, numbering 14, have been sold by auction. The highest price was 135 guineas, for Peasant Boy. A week later Mr. David Jones, of Conway, sold his kennel of 25, when Barmby was bought by Hr. McQuade for 135 guineas, and will be sent to Australia. Mr. Jones has already left for the colonies. The Lurgan Open Coursing meeting commenced on the litis, and concluded on the 15th amidst much enthusiasm. The three events \- were—The Brownlow Cup, 64 dogs, all ages ; Baughlan Stakes, 64 dogs, puppies; Derzymacash Stakes, 64 bitch puppies. Mr. Hutchinson's Honeymoon won the Brownlow Cup, being the second time. -Mr. Hornby's Hematite agpin won the Raughlan. Stakes; and Mr.. Dyke's Don't Forget carried off the Derrymacash Stakes. At the annual tournament of the Aberdeen Golf Club the Cup presented by Prinoe Leopold was won by Captain Fordyce, of Brucklay; and Mrs. Fordyce's gold cross was won by Mr. W. G. Roy with 157 strokes. A grand aquatic f£te and swimming races took place at the Alexandra Palaoe on the 11th, and the prizes were presented by Captain Webb. After the distribution a purse of 50 guineas, the gift of the Company, was. presented to the champion swimmer. Cabtain Boynton has floated down the Rhine from Basle to Strasburg; he started at 5 in morning and landed at 8 in the evening, much exhausted by battling with currents. Two Frenchmen, members of the Velo Sport Society, started from Paris on the|12th on-a bicycle excursion to Vienna. One of them accomplished the journey in 12 days. Mr. Tyler, the Irish Champion Bicyclist, has ridden from London to Southampton, 77 miles, in 8 hours 20 minutes, including stoppages. On the 26th Stanton started at LQliebridge Grounds on a 650 miles bicycle ride, to be covered in eight consecutive days, for a £100 stake. Fires.—In Russia a-small town, chiefly inhabited by Jews, has been destroyed, and 3,000 persons rendered destitute. A large hotel in Berlin, costing a million thalers, has been seriously damaged by fire; 100 rooms were occupied when the fire broke out, but the inmates escaped. Mr. Hankey's newly- erected mansioB, St. James' Park, has been partly destroyed ; the observatory, instruments, and organ costing £3,500, consumed; damage, £45,000. Messrs. Wood & Cocksedge's agricultural implement wotbs, Sftowmarket; damage, £9,000. Messrs. Inglis & Wakefield's oalicopiinticg works, near Glasgow; damage, £15,000. Messrs. Fenton & Co.'s cutlery works, Sheffield. Mr. Bradley's woollen null at Morley; £2,000 worth of machinery destroyed. The Scotch Tweed Mill at Brampton ; damage, £28,000. The Dewsbury Pioneers Industrial Co- operative Stores ; damage, £6,000. Swedish steamer, bcund from lubeck to Copenhagen, burnt; 24 passengers and 11 of the crew perished. Damage to extent of a million francs lias been caused by a fire iu the Brest Arsenal. By the collapse of houses in Liverpool and -Dublin two lives were sacrificed and many persons injured. By a colliery explosion near Bristol four men were killed and five severely injured. Three men lost their fives while sinking a shaft is a pit near Mansfield. The chain broke, precipitating them to the bottom. Obstructions having been placed on the rails of a line in Canada a passenger train was thrown off, killing 10 persons and badly injuring 13 ethers. By a boiler explosion at Messrs. Morris's shade works, near Stourbridge, one man was killed and 15 injured. The works were wrecked. Melancholy tales of disaster from gales and floods reach us from all quarters. Tmiion advices report caliunitous floods at Ahtaedabad, embraced in the Prince of Wales's tour. Half the city was inundated, and 20,000 persons rendered homeless. Great distress prevailed. Trieste has been invaded by a flood tide, inundating streets afoot deep. Bordeaux has been visited by a furious hurricane, by which trees were torn up, gardens wasted, chimneys blown down, and telegraphs interrupted. Numerous wrecks are reported, from the Northern seas, with heavy loss of life. In England there have been a succession of gales, accompanied by sad marine disasters and relentless descents of rain, followed by-floods almost as alarming as those from which the oountry suffered in July. One hundred and seventy-four persons are ascertained to have perished in the Texan inundations. Hie losses by inundations in the south of France are officially stated at four millions sterling. The subscriptions received at the Treasury exceed one million. The Mansion- House Fund amounted to £26,497. Owing to the action of the flood Messrs. Hughes & Son's carpet manufactory at Kidderminister fell with a terrific crash. At Nottingham eight persons were drowned by the overflow of the Trent. Obituary.—Dr. Forbes, Bishop -of Brechin, and disciple of Dr. Pusey; Rev. T. Woodward, Dean of Down; Charles Turner, M.P. for Southwest Lancashire; Alderman Johs Patersoa; Harvey Drummond, banker, Charing Cross ; Rev. Sir W. A. Musgrave.; M. C&rpsasx;, French sculptor; Mr. George Coulson James, fay an epileptic fit while addressing a public meeting; Count Moltke-Begentred, Danish Minister fer Foreign Affairs; Sir Charles Cowper; Dr. Hook; Dean of Chichester; Rev. W. E. Jelf; Professor Wheatatone, electrician; Mr. J. F. D&nby;, ArtiBt; Sir James HiU, chief charity commissioner; Mrs. Black, Byron's " Maid of Athens," agod 76. M- Gounod, composer, is seriously ill from a fall down a stone staircase in Paris. At Southampton an undertaker and his wife are in custody for having on their premises a large [number of nnburied bodies of children, some quite decomposed. Great excitement • prevails throughout the town/ i 