INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. A Pacific mail contract has been accepted by Sir Daniel Cooper and Sir Julius Vogel, on behalf of the colony and New Zealand. It is a joint tender of the American Pacific Com- pany, John Elder, of Glasgow, and John Macgregor, of Leith. The speed ia to bo 11 knots, and the duration of the contract eight years, at £89,930 a year. The tenderers are prepared to commence the service in Novem- ber. Not less than five boats aro to bo em- ployed, and of not loss than 2,500 registered tonnage. The routo to bo from San Francisco to Sydney direct, and from Now Zealand to San Francisco direct. The maila in oach case to be forwardod to or transhipped at Kandavu. A New Zealand cabio contract has been signed, A subsidy of £7,500 per annum for 10 years ia to be granted, twothirda toba paid by New Zealand and one third by New South Wales the minimum mesaage of ten words to cost 7s Gd, and the cable to be laid Within 12 months . In the Assembly the Immigration Act Amendment Bill abolishing the system of land orders baa been read a second time Mr Wearne haa resigned his seat in the Assembly ,. , . Tho Gold Duties AboUtion Bill has been read a second time A deputation from the several municipali tics has asked the Government for a parma nent endowment The Premier requested them to frame a bill and said that he was favourable to endowment terminating gra The Chamber of Commerce have passed a resolution in favour of a uniform stamp duty on all mercantile instruments There have been heavy floods in the vicinity of Sydney and very severe weather has boen experienced along the coast The Ben Nevis from Melbourne went ashore at Now castle and became a total wreck The crew got ashore by means of a Imp The captain and mate were injured The Result from Newcastle to Wallaroo went ashore and was dismantled inside Nelson Hoads Newcastle Arrangements have been completed to lighten and float her and there is evory probability of success if the woatbor con tiuues fine The steamship Rangatira was wrecked on the 31st May on a reef noar the Isle of Pines The vessel after getting on the reef, moved astern 20 to 30 feet when the blades of the propeller broke otherwise the ship would probably have been saved The passengers oflicers and crew got off eafely There has been a great number of laTgo failures dunng tho month Among thom are Beilby Scott and Co with liabilities amounting tonearly£160 000 of which£90 000 ariBO from recent insolvencies The assots are £23 000 The liabilities in Wearne a estate are £75 000 lhe schedule of V W Cape broker deceased has been filed with liabilities £93 000 assets £254 Bridge who was sentenced with Mac qunne for endangering the life of a baibff by sending him to sea ni a steam launch has been released A petition is ra course of preparation for the release of Macquane At a prize fight which took place at Mait land oi e of the combotants waa killed SOUTH AUSTRALIA Mr Poucaut the Premier has enunciated the policy of the Government m the Assembly The first measure to bo introduced would deal with the question of intercolonial free trade and bills would also bo introduced to amend the mining and distillation laws to próvido a water supply to Yorke a Peninsula to carry out the south east drainage works for the COnBtitution of a marino board to deal With the defences 0f "io colony and for the deda ration of the manufactunng districts German immigration would be fostered and S" effort would be made to arrange with the other colonies by means of a subsidy to re duce the cost of English telegrams from £9 to £3 The proposed annexation of \ew Guinea would receive attention Iho ex penditure on the establishment at the Northern Territory would be reduced one 1 alf and Port Darwin made a free port Land reform was proposed in the direction of simplicity and cheapness and an amend ment of the land laws would include an in creaeo of holdings to 1 000 acres and com petition for rent instead of freehold Lduca tion would be free only to people who were unable to pay-secular and compulsory ex cept where children resided at too great a distance from schools when itinerant teachers would bo appointed The scheme of railways would include a line to the Murray and one north to Port Augusta othere including one from Rivol to Mount Gambier were under considera tion The Government would inaugurate a BjBtem of light railways with light rolling Btock and lower speed Tiley pro posed to sjond from £3J 000 to £o0 000 on the breakwater at Victor Harbour and £100 000 on immigration It waa intended to borrow £2 000 000 and if the Ministry were unable to carry the two linea of railway indicated they would reBign In the face of a deficiency in the revenue they would im poBe fresh taxation which would be direct but it was not intended to alter the tariff this session Next year however they wo ild alter it m the direction of free trade like the Sydney tariff In future the Government would resist members carrjmg money votes but if such voteB were carried thoy would not consider them until the recess Iho total estimated expenditure for the yenr is £920 588 being £J0 000 ra excess of last year Leave 1 IIB been given for the introduction of on Education Bill lhe Government Stated that it was proposed to place £00 000 on the estimates for education irrespective of the moneyrequired forschoolhouses which it was proposed to borrow Mr Ree B 8 motion m favour of payment of men bera of the Assembly was lost by 21 to A bill has been introduced in the Assembly to allow a drawbac r. on goods exported to New Caledonia also a Gnn Licence Bul A commission has been appointed to consider ti e best means of promoting a good technical education Mr Connor has resigned his eeat for Albert Mr Charles Mann the late Attorney Genera! baa been appointed ( tteen s Counsel The revenue for the quarter ending Juno 30 arnounte 1 to £°S1 Vi and for the year to £1 OJG 000 being £ 0 000 more than the esti mate A return j ubhshed shows that there are 1" 0 000 acres of land fenced of which 16 °J0 000 acreB are uncultivated Since 186 ) one million and a half acresofland have been Bold on credit at an average price of 9s per acre Olive cultivation is greatly increasing The demand for colonial wine is exceeding the production TI e Corporation of Adelaide baa decided to call for tenders for the Burvey of alternate lines for the main Bewer from the city to tho sea with new deep drainage At the quarterly meeting of tho Pirie stree M esleyan Circuit a resolution waa carried aflirming that tho constitution adopted by tbo general conference ra Melbourne respect ii g lay representation is illiberal and made quate and regretting the strong tone of eacerdota ism which characterised the re n a ks of somo leading members of the con ference It alBO protests against the way m which the ministerial exchanges were settle 1 by the conference Iho Bai k of Adelaide has declared an interim div idond of 10 per v,ent per annum Richard Orchard for porsonating a votor has been sentenced to one month s imprison ment and John Ryan for abetting Orchard was sentenced to four months QUEENSLAND The official reports of the several gold fields at the Palmer are favourable lhe minera generally are earning good wage? Tbo population ia orderly provisions are ample but dear and tho general health is good There is great activity among the reefs and machinery is daily expected A good many of the sluicing claims are yielding handsome!} but many of the lately arrived Chinese aro scarcely making a livelihood TI e blacks are exceedingly troublesome and 1 ave killed several cattlo and also attacked the mailman Mr Macalister tho Premier baa had a stroke of apoplexy but ia protressint favour ablj WESTn N AUSTRALIA A discovery of alluvial gold has boen made at Roebourne Two tons of dirt yielded 8"! grains of nugge y metal lhe total export of pearl shells during the late season waB SCO tons The Lady Elizabeth with 117 immigrants has arrived A railway between Fremantle and Perth and Guildford is projected An agitation has been set on foot for a sliding import duty on flour TASMANIA çir James M Wilson has been returned to the Copncil unopposed and Mr W Grubb has been re elected for the district of Tamar lhe agricultural returns show a surplus for export of 117 000 bushels of wheat The a\erago of the wheat crop waa 181 bushels to the acre The increase in the yield of wheat is 119 000 bushels and of oats 310 000 bushels Iho Btock returns exhibit an in crease of sheep of over 12 per cent during the past year and an increase also in horses and cattle Owing to the late almost incessant rams the country waa flooded in all directions several bridges woro corned away and others submerged The traffic on the Launceston and Western ruilway was partially inter ruptod the line being in some places sever ii feet under water The barque Corrido from Newcastlo to Adelaide sprung a leak and was totally wrecked on the west side of Swan Island iho mcBtor and crew woro saved NEW "2TÄLAND Hia Excellency the Governor haB returned from Nelson and ia not likely to leave Wellington again nntil after the coming session Parliament bas boen summoned to meet for the despatch of business on Tuesday July 20 A rumour was recently circulated that Sir Julius Vogel had resigned hu connexion with the Government, but it turned out, upon mquiiy, that he had not actually resigned. It appears, however, that hu colleagues are in a position to tender hu re8i{,nation at any time, should the House or the country demand it ,,.,.., It was currently reported that three millions of the late four million loan had been deposited in the Now Zealand Bank at 2i per cent interest, but the report wants confirmation The Wellmg'on Tribune, the accepted Ministerial organ, says that the Government boa the Constitutional Changes Bill ready The Government intends to bring in a bul early in the BeBBion for the consolidation and amendment of the Stamp Duties Act Iho measure ia notintonded to affect tbo revenue, but to simplify the collection of tho duties, and facilitate business transactions The Tari of Carnarvon has replied to the peti tion of Sir George Grey on the constitutional questiona of land funds and the abolition of provincial Governments. His Lordship dif fered very widely from many of tho views and opinions to which Sir George Grey fcavo expression, and did not think it necessary to enter into any detaüed examination of his representations, because they related to mat tera to which be did not think there should be any pretence for Baying Her MujeBtys Government have influenced or luterfcred with the decision of the colonial Legulature He had no intention of applying to Parlia ment for any lefcislation on the Bubject of provincial institutions or Crown lands of New Zealand and no suggestion that such legislation was necessary or desirable bad been made to him by or on behalf of tho Go vernmcnt of the colony, or from any other quarter lhe Auckland Harbour Board has received a cable telegram, stating that the £100 000 dock loan was floated in London at 98 lhe New Zealand Herald sayo that "a special telegram by the Omeo, which ar rived at the Bluff, leads IIB to infer that Sir Julius Vof,el has stopped free emigration, and has substituted in ila place the promis sory note system lins as we take it, means that persons emigrating from Great Britain to New Zealand will have to give promissory notes for the coBt of their passage out, within a certain fixed time after landing This ia as near to free emigration as it is poBBiblefonttobe Pastexpenence has shown that the majority of such n">~id8ory n»'»° are of no greater v_jue tuan tije paper tli0y aro drawn on. The Otago Daily Timci publishes tho trans lation of a "para," showing tho business transacted at the last Maori meeting at the Heads It was decided that collections Bhould be made to test the validity of the purchase deeds of 1811 1847, and 1853 , that one or more Maoris and a lawyer be sent home to petition the Queen and Parliament for justice , that £o 000 bo collected and when that is gone another £ï 000 but that the Maoris who go to England be paid £1 Is a day in New/«.aland, and £2 2s in England , the passage of the la wy C8 and Maoris be paid by the tube About 400 Kaipara natives recently met in solemn korero and agreed upon the text of a petition to the Queen The pith of the prayer was that Sir Donald M Lean should bo made native Minuter ' for ever About 200 signa tures were appended The newspapers ridicule the whole thing Tho Auckland City Council has aflirmod the deBirability of street tramways, and re solved to invite applications for laying them till 21st July It is understood that the several banks in tbo colony havo entered into arrangements which bind them to adopt uniform rates of inteiest The works in connexion with the Port Chalmers and Moorain railway have been suddenly stopped The workmen thronged the streets lhe bailiff is in possession of the plant Monetary difficulties aro tho cause of the stoppage The early settlers " of Wellington-mean ing thereby those who arrived in the colony before June 1848-held a public meeting re cently at A\ elhngton to discuBS their claims to compensation for tho hardships they suf fered, and the services they rendered to the colony in the early days, and a resolution was passed affirming the substantial nature of their claim upon tho colony, and urging that Parliament be moved in tho inattor According to the tone of the local press upon the subject, the "early Bettlers meet with little sympathy outside of thoir own body, and apparently have very little chance of getting cither a grant of land or money compensation It has been decided at Dunedin to offer MeBBrs Moody and Sankey an engagement Great floods havo occurred in the north HorBes cattle, pits, and timber were washed away in tho Kulpara district and at Hoki anfca. It is reported that a man named Tidell has found a Bilver mine on tho ranges near V estport A seam of coal has been found over the township of the special settlement at Jack sons Bay, but tho quantity is not yet ascer tamed Iho settlement is progressing satu factorily Westland is to be represented at the Phila delphia 1 xhihition StepB have been taken to procure samples of timber and coal lhe Otago Provincial Council has voted £1 000 for prospecting for deep leads and £J00 UB reward for the discovery of gold fields in the Bouth weat part of tbo province 3 dward Norman a well known artist was found dead in Barker s Pass cutting (Canter bury) lhe coroner s jury returned a verdict of died by the visitation of God FIJI nu Excellency Sir Arthur Gordon and suife sailed from Sydney for 1 iji some three weel s ago but no news baa yet been re ceived of their arrival According to the latest advices the epidemic of measles was abating Vi e understand that tho now colony is attracting numbers of capitalists from England, Ceylon and Mauritius, and that in Sydney negotiations have been completed for the purchase of nearly 70 000 acres of land for planting and grazing purposes In Mel bourne, Mr J S Butters has effected Bales of two large sugar and coffee plantations one plantation of Manilla hemp, cotton, and BUfcar, besides several lots of unimproved lands for planting and other purposes We are OIBO informed that negotiations are pend mg for the purchase of a block of oO.OOOacreB of land which, if completed will have the effect of introducing Bheep and cattle to the young colony in large numbers SHIPPING Or TUB MONTH POUT OF MELBOUIINE. AnltlVAIS AM) ULRMtANCKS S1SCP OUH LAST SUltMAIVT [B IiritiBh , A , American , Au , Austrian, Da Danish D , Dutch i , Trench , Cli, Chilian , P , I ortugucBO, l'r , Peruvian I, Italian , N , Nor wcgian , O , Gorman , S , SncdiBh , Sp , bpanieh Belt Bullan , It, llussian , B , slup , b , barquo , or, ling, ac , schooner, B,S , steamer ] June ARRIVED 14 Chine Too, B ne, Jill, J Barklo, Sourabaja - Victoria Sugar Company li Horo of tho NUo B b , Ü5B, W II Dugdall, Port Louis.-Pool», Picken, and Co 10 haesa, B b, J25, li Lindsay, Manilla, vii Ho Ho \- Joshua Brothers 17 Portland, B B., 872, Daniel Smith, Dong Kong - L Kong Meng and Co 17 Jamca O Pondlcton A b, 03S J C Ollmoro, Boston -Now oil and Co 17 Kolona A b , 003, K. Snow, Now York -Lorimer, Marvsocd, aud Homo 19 Duchcsa ol Edinburgh, B a, 1,003, O Murray, London - Bright Brothers and Co 20 Madone, F b, 403, T Huon and Co -Joshua Brothers 25 Byualmcrc. B ß 1 215, VV O M Williams, Liver pi oL-Lorimer Marwood, and Home 25 Citv of Peril), Ii a , 1180, Hobt Warden, London -V iri,oo r-oii, ai d Co 25 rock Out. As 1 OOS, J Wiggln, Burrard Inlet, II O -Phipps Turn! ull and Co 25 Bt Mare r h, 200, A Garrand, Port Louie - Joshua Brothors 2b Nil DcBpcrai dura, B hr, 157, W O Garth, lNdronga I i{l -Jamca M Ewan and Co 20\. Ceylon R.M.S.S., 2,012, J. C. Almond, Galle, &c.; — F. R. Kendall. 20 hormanhy F and A M Co s B.S , 050 J A. Kid dell, Bonn Kong Se -Bright Broa and Co 20 Carpo B I) 1 093, M Murphy, Calcutta -Fan. nil g Nankivell and Co 20 Acacia, B h , 233, I II Honey, Tori Louis. I anning. Nankivell, and Co 27 St Oay th, B s.S., 3 000, B M'Nabb, London -W Sloano and Co and W Crosby and Co 27 Jason, B a , 1 512, J Jamieson, London - G Martin and Co 20 Loch Tay, B. u , 1,101, A Scott, Glasgow -Holmes, White, and Co. July 1 Berliahlro, B a 1472 T Pain, Liverpool - Lorlmor, Marwood, and Bomo 5 Ilikliflj cr, B s , 1 Oil, Iloury BorrldL o, London - J H Whllo and Co 0 Afolles, B B , 1 030, John Laird JI Loy, Calcutta -Macfarlau, 111) iii and Co 0 Cairo B a, 1,4.9, Jas. Irvlno, Liverpool-Bright Brolhora and Co 0\. /ohrah, G h , 422, O A. BolBtorli, Pokalonga, Batav ia.-Joshua Brothers a AU ei a, B s , 1 217, D Davies, London - Con- nell, Hogarth, and Co Juno CM AltRD OUT ID Ivubia, Il M SB, O N. Hector, Gallo, ¿Vc - F II Kendall 17 Ilcbceca, G b , 408, J A Bunglird, Choo-too, via Newcastle -Victoria Sugar Company 18 Ben Vcnuo B s, ODO, W Macgovvan, London - Holmes Whito and Co 38 Freo Trade, A b , 840, J G Morryu an, San Fran, claco -Gemmell, Tuekott, and Co 22 Francis B Fay, A. b , 880, T T Osgood, Manilla, via Ivowcaatlo -Anderson and Marshall 25 Oriental, B 6c, 281, J. Brown, Maldon Iiland - Grlco, Sumner, and Co 25 Thvallra, B a., 002, J M Kay, Foo chow-Dal- gety, Blackwood, and Co 20 Normanby, E. ami A.IL Co 's es, 050, J /_ Kiddell, Hong Kong, ¿X - Bright Bros, uid Co ' July. 8\. Korlh American, B. o., 1,070, J. Kerr, Calcutta - Lorimer, Marwood, and Roma. 7\. Loch Rannoch, B. a, 1,181, J, Erskine, Calcutta. \- Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 8\. Nowcastlo, U. a , 1,137. O. E. Lo P. French, Ua. don.-J. II. Whltn and Co. 8\. Hampshire, B B., 1,104, It. Bldgcrs, London -W P. Whlto and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. U JUKI! 15. Nubia, F. M S.S , for Point da Golla-32 packa-cs fancy goods. 22 packages ehlp chandlery, 0 casca noola and planto, 00 bagB flour, 8 linga «heat, li packsT tobacco, 7 tierce» 5 casca 0 kegs beef, 6 trunk« boola, i casks bacon, 2 casca butter, 23 casca and quarter caBks wino, 25 caskB potatoes, 30 cases apples 2 horses, IB casks tallow, 6 bales hops, 10 balea leather, 7 packages marchand!». JUNB l8 Ben Venue, for London -B2 logs timber, 22 calca grease, 22 hides, ft quantity of bones, 677 bags »nt,. mony oro, 430 casks tallow, 2 370 casts nrosorrod meats, 30 bales sklna, 272 baloo leather, 25 bile, pill«, 80 bales rags and clippings, 2,202 bags bark BIG bales wool, 1,038 cakes copper, 447 ingots tin 750 bag» flour, 1 300 bags wheat, 25 bales scrolls, 30 balsa basils, 10 packages effect« and sundries. JuttK 25. Oriental, for Malden Island -2 casks pork, 0 casks. ale, 25 packages ship bread, 3 packages Bundrlcs. Jux» 20. Normanby, for Hong Kong vii Sjdnoy.-0 ca!el fancy bilculla, 15 casca prcBorvcd meats, 9 cases leatlur-for Singnporo ¡ 1 case gla«aware-for Bjilnev 6 package», containing llOoz gold-for Hong Kout:. ' Juur 3. * North American, for Calcutta -259 horses, 99 toni hay and chaff, 60 casca jam, 00 toas coal, 1 hhd. oil, 0 boxes candles, Gil bags bran, 0 casks ale, 12 cases bis. cuita, 2 bales pump gear, 112 casca wines, 20 bigs nour, 1,763 cakes copper. JULY 8 Uampshlro, for London -1,405 bales wool, 3l( casks tallow, 253 balts leather, 35 casks sporm oil, 117 balee basils, 182 baleB scrolls, 10 casks bccsvrai, 21 bales rabbit skins, 2 casks minerals, 1,100 bags flour, CO casks pv rites, 171 plates antimony rcgulus, OH plates 30 cascB antimony, 50 packages mimosa bark, 01 casks oil, 102 bags bark, 1,330 bags chopped bark, 1,470 cases preserved meats, 3 cases spécimens ot natural history, - hhd 7 casca wlno, 6,472 Ingots copper, 2M ingots rough copper, 3,593 lngota tin, 10 packages merchandise and sundries Newcastle for London-1,275 bales wool, 125 balts leather, 117 bales sheepskins, 102 b-vloa bark, 74 bales basils, 48 balts rags, l8 bales rabbit Bklns, 17 bales auolls, 2 balta ferna. 1,408 bag» ground bark, 1500 Hour, baiia 1,301 bags wheat, 203 ba¿s crushed bark, (,02 casks tallow, 48 casks soda, 3 casks sundries,5 fim trees, 893 casca preserved meats, 30 cases mer- chandise, 0 cates sundries, 3,272 packages tin, 3,333 packages copper, 3 packages sundnca. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE TUE DE. PARTUKE OF THE LAST MAIL. JUNK IE. Kubla, for Galle, i.e.-._ ".»-cabin: ToOlontlj -Mr. Cuthbertson To King George's Sound-¿r. Ulchurdaon, Sirs Richardson, Miss ltlcliard'on, Mr. j. Fdw arda, Miss Nairn. To Bombay-Mr. Williamson, Mr Baldock'a groom To Madras-Mr. O. Itutidall, Colonel Banjul For Calcutta-Mr. C. F. Shawe. Io Bril dial-Mr F. Poolnian. To Vonlco-Mr. and Mrs. Allan, Infant, and female servant; Mr. Alfred Mate, Mr, O Ramsden. tFor(Southampton-~Mr. YY. II Butcher, Mr J O. Biggins, Mr Claud Jenkins, Mr. Tighe, Mr, Oreen, Mr. Briggs, Captain Abomolhy, Mr. and Mrs. Vf. D. Box, Mr. Meeara JLLY 8. Newcastle, for London. Paeecngcra-Saloon . Dr. Wilkie, Messrs. Ileiiry A. Fitch, J. Lo Molleo, Í. Pooali : and 20 adu ta In tho Intermediate llanipehire, for London. Passengers-saloon Mrs. Icon MacSwInej, child, and Infant, Miss Walslio, Mrs. Rldgera, lilas Klägers, Dr. Allan, Messrs Leen MacSwInej, Win. Braithwalto, IValtcr Hudson, Ed ward Irving, W. O. Wilson ; and 28J in tho third cabin. Passengers booked for tho Ceylon '-For Southamp- ton-Mr Thomas Willis, Chan. Wm. Brook, J. W. Arnold, B. Barnett, f?. M Hudson ; for Qibraltar Edvvard Martin ; for Venice- Mr. If. N. Kaj, Misa Bay ; for Brindle!-Clement Sconco ; for Bombay-Mr. G F. Hick?. _ MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGUT RKPOKTS. Messrs. Aunro WOOLLEY and Co. report :-" Our freight market during tbo lost four weeks has been In » completo stato of stagnation. Bislneas In all branches ia unprccedentcdly dull, and chartering ope* rallona havo been on the smallest scale. Coal freights are scarce, and limited to email cargoes for Hong Kong, Singapore, A.c., at rates winch cannot possibly prove remunerativo when tho delay in loading atNcff« cnatlo la taken into consideration. In other respects rates for cargoes exceeding 1,000 tons may bo said to bo quito nominal for all porta Tho inquiry alluded to in our last for toimago to load breadstuff* in South Australia for tho United Kingdom, has not been productivo of any transactions, as the offer, ingp, when submitted bj telegram to tho owners, wcro In every case declined. At ono time 603. freight would havo been paid for handy iron vessels, but as tho value of wheat has again ad. vinccd, it ia now doubtful. In tho abstuce of any orerationa aa a guide, whether this rate would still b obtainable. For London, three ships havo cleared, vi/., the Benvenue, Nowcaatlc,and Hampshire, all wita lull cirgoca. The only vese els now on tho borth are the Ulghfljer and Loch Tay, for which cargo is offering fretly. Kates of froight for tho lost few weeks bavo becomo much firmer, and nre further strengthened by tbo uuusual circumstanco of theso billig thu only two ships at present available for freight. Below wo quoto ratea at which engage« merita can now bo mado, but desire to aid that if 1113 thing, tho tendency of tho market is In favour of tho ship. For Calcutta, the North American and Loch Rannoch havo cleared, the former taking 260 horses, tho latter ballast only. Siuco our last, tho Niobo and Old KonBington wtro laken up for the convejaneo of stock, and will bo dcspatchitl all tilla month. For Hong Kong, a limited inquiry existB for handy vessels at our quota* tiona, but iho only engagements wero tho Ching too and Flhze). For Shanghai, thoro ia nothing offer »g tithor from Sjdnoj or Newcastle For Singapore, a medium sized verfel could bo placed at our quota- tions. For Maulila, tho Kaspa lias been chartered for tho rourd. For Java, rates aro nominal, and nothing doing. For San Francisco, no charters havo been effected on tina side. Tho King Cenrlc, Prince Umbeito, and Freotrodo havo gouo on to New- castle to had, and wo leam that tho Blue Jaiket, Columbia, Cairo, and Rjdalmero havo omura' instiuctiotiB also to load coal for San 1'ianclfco. Tho City of Forth and Stanley Slcith aro ordered on to California, and tho Itojal Gooroo proectdfl to Adelaide to load under home engagements, diallers.-Niobc, 1408, Melbourno to Calcutta, pri- vate, about 15s. net per ton register , Old KcilBiugton, 1770, Melbourno to Calcutta, prlvato, about 10s ret ppr ton register ¡ Kaasa, 325, Newcastle to Philippines and br-ck, 02s. Oil on the round ; FInzel, 487, Neu castlo to Hong Kong, 22s ; Clung too, 801, Nowcaatlo to Hong Kong, 20a. Freight Quotationa -Melbourno to London- Wool, Id. ii dumped and gd. for uu dumped ; whent, 40s , meats, 10a.; tallow, 60a ; aklna and linthtr, 00a ; copper and tin, 15a ; ground bark, 40e : chopped bark, 00s. Bouth Australian port to the United Kingdom, 60s per ton nominal ; Malden Island lo Hamburg, Oís. tier ton guano ; Newcastle to Hong Kong, 22s ; bon Francisco, 20s.; Japan, 213. ¡ Java, l63 ; Manilla, 18s ; Sjdncj to Singapore, 17s. ptr ton." Messrs. S Du Eura and Co. report:-"Tho in- activity which prevailed at dato of our last month's circular, of the 14th, has onlj boon surpassed by tho total stagnation which lins ruled our freight market lu genera! during tho past four weeks, aud which is to be ascribed to the absence of demand for tonnage lor the Un ted Kingdon), anting from limited amount ol produce offering for shipment at this season of the 3 ear. Tlio clearances for London during the month embrace -Tho British ahlpfl, Benvenue, 1,000: Hampshire, 1,101 ; and Nowcaatlo, 1,197 , all with full cargoes, and a fair complement of passengers ; leav ing tho loading berth occupied only by tbo Ilighlljer, 1,011, and Loch Taj, 1,191. Tlio limited amount of tonnngo on tho berth baa assisted in giving an upward tendency to rates for tho United Kingdom, which aro quoted na follow :-Wool, Jd. and gd., for greasy and scoured rospectivclj , tallow, 60s., Bkins, COS.; wheat, 40a ; bark, ground, -¡d3., and chopped 50s. to 55s ; copper and tin, 19?. per ton. of 20cwt ; and preserved meata, 40s. per 40 cubic feet. It Is too early now to predict tho statua for our next wool season, but aawo leam that a Uno iron ship, lately an iv ed, is intended to bo held over to load at con mtneen cnt of the season, ahould others fo'low her ..-sample, it bodes ill for pajing ratea when tho Bcason opens Tho arrivals of tonnago have been on an average, and the demand circum- scribed; leaving a very heavy balance-moro than sufficient to mcot all demands. Amongst tho arrivals wo havo to noto that of the St. Osjth, as , from London, after performing the fastest paesngoon record, of within 15 days, including all dctcntlois Sbo has loft for Sjdnej with portion of her original cargo and naasongors, and will call hero cn route to London, principally for passendere No charters have been effected hero to load broadatulls at South Australian ports for tho United Kingdom ; 153. to 47s Cd. IB offered for Iron v cssols, but theso ratea aro £0 low as to prccludo tbo possibility of atuplamo by U1060 ink rested. For Calcutta, the British ship North American, 1,075 tons, lias sailed with 2a0 horsis; whilst tho Loch Kannoch, 1,185, Ins left ¡11 ballast ; and tho Old Kensington, 1,77», mi Niobo, 1,408, oro now on tlio berth, loading for tho enmo destination; hcsldos which thcro iro inquiries for ono or two auitabto vo-aela for simo (luplojmcut. Tho charters effected during tho null month havo been very limited, and comprise tho British ship Old Kensington, 1,770 tons, boneo to Cal- cutta with horses, and thonco to United Kingdom, on tenus which bavo not transpired ! Niobo, 1,108,honco to Calcutta with horses, £1,000 (in both theso in BIOIICCB tho charterers providing tho necessary fittiuirJ mid water, it ) ; tho tolonlal owned biiquo Acacia, 233\. to loud breadstuffs at Adelaide for tho Mauritius, at 2Cs ; brig bpctdj-, 205, to loud slcopora at Cham- pion Bay for Lj Helton, at 27s Gd. To load at Nov tastlo, New South Wolca-Tho British threo masted 6thooner Ching too, 801, and barquo Tinzol, 4S7, for Hong Kong, nt 21B. ; Swedish ehlp Helga, 074, (or Fadang, at 23a. ; British barquo Kassa, 325, for Manilla, at 22s. Gd., for coal ; and back from tlio Philippine Islands to this port with sugar and honip, at 40a and 76p respectively. Coal freights to China havo been Influenciad, bj tho bevvy exporta per China sttstntrs, which havo tended to depreta tholr market«, and will havo o baneful effect for somo timo to come. Wc are pleased to notlco that tho authorities st Nevlcastlo aro making ifforta In tho right dlroctlon to extend their presont limited berthing accommoda- tion at that port, which, whon carried Into effect, promlscB to bo .ampio for all purpoBOS, and vessels will not bavo tho just grounds for complaint tlioy havo hitherto had, and Btlll have, of euch ruinous; delay In awaiting tholr loading turn, which his Induced several vessels to leavo In ballast lu pmer enco to adopting coal chartora to load at Newcastle. 3 ho present quotations from Nowcaatlo are aa folio» : -Hong Kong, 21a ; Shanghai, 23s ; Singapore, SO«.; Java, 16s ; Manilla, 22a. Od ; Calcutta, 12e ; Bombay, 20s.; San Francisco, 20s. Thoro Is au Inquiry for ton- nago to load guano at Pcruv Ian ports for tho United Kingdom at 05a. Tlio Intercolonial trado baa slightly Improved; and tho rato for coal from Nowcastlo to Hobeon's Baj le now 14s. Tho eales effected havo been :-Olio barquo 8parrow Hawk, 415 tons register, built In Mctoria, British Columbia, 1850, and classed 5-0 All, tor £3,500; and tho Edina, iron suow Blcnmcr, 405 tons register, built In Glasgow, I8O0, lor £8,000. This etcamor baa boon placed by hermir tlioscr-Mr. Wm. Howard Smith, of this port-on IM Uno between Qiicona'and and Sjdnoy, to connect-wit« bia Uno of steamers running botweoti this port ano Sjdnoj."___ For continuation of Summary see HW ». Printed und publlBhod by Hoon OBOIUI», »t _J_ Anuna Office, CoUlns atreot, Molbourno, foi wu*o» and HAOUMHOMI proprietor«. 