We are sure the public will: leat%jwith great satisfaction that it w the intention' of the Minisljy to include an .absentee tax lit their programme for. nest session. The .Ministxy . have : been very reticent ; Dyer their inteiti6iis: during' the reoBss, and property so too, because Parliament is the most suitable place foi' a. Ministeiaal policy to be declared, r ; Hot, wnen tne wme is in the wit comes out ; and Mr Eerfesd, at a luncheon given on Monday by the Mayor of Melbonrne, showed that there is (much force in this- old apofhegm. , Speaking jof the policy of the Government, 'Mr blerferd said : — " They" (ihe Ministry) wanted to get at those persons wh6 draw large sums of money from the colony, hub-do': not spend them here;" and this lapgnpge can only men that a tax op ab sentees will be proposed by. the Government daring next session.' We Deed hardly Bay that this is a wise resol be; for, ff. there, be <tee direction more than another in. which class taxation is justifiable, it is in'tbe rase of this section of 'propefty-bwnecs.: .Theas- men make no .return for the incomes they draw |rqm the -colony, _becanee0 |Uey epmid . the whole, of them elsewhere. . All , . their -Victorkn ; een'ifitare isLhased apon a,ecdle which yields as large an income as possilile from a minimom"of outlay in. the shape of working expetoes. There is no distribution of the surpl ob amongst |he trading or work ing classes'; neither Is any return obtained .3rom UieCineestnahttefXhS balaode «rhich renins, after, the-mdinaiy , iCost of living has been discharged. In whatever direc tion this money is invested, it does nt benefit the community from which it was drawn, bnt rather goes to enrich other places, -which have -had -no hand-or part -in its creation. fNtedass of human heings can therrfpre.bemore 'jastiy taxed than absen tees, for ndi class behefits more : Uy the progress'- of settlement and the miaite- fiance of "law and oirteiy ' aiid none give.wjittiejg(h for #4:nvIlege8. Jiey thus enjoy. Ne&py; all .classes of society have, infact, long since admitted the justice of makhag these persons pay additional taxa tion oyer- : and above' that .which' falls npoh settled residente; flie difficulty has been how tp,get at fham..,, ThiB . diftolty, we jmnet.assmnet has bemi overcome by Mr EEbferd and bis cotleagnes'; otherwise the former would not have bran so oat- spoken as he 'Was at the mayoral luncheon on Monday. Whether, hwever. the Government .have come to a final decision or' not upon the worting-bat piart of their scheme, eertain it isthat the diffiedties which have been felt are far more imaginary Jhan real, and that thi pnmpfly disagar whep a lioCte' copamrm' sense' is brought to hear npbn their bonriflfratibn.' '.v: i We have before sketched oat how tbeee difficulties can be disposed bfi -bot'as Mr Kebfebd, in one rfjft.rwcsts, is made tb .ask for a littib imorinatidh in 'this direction, we 1 rriakeTab' apihgy1 f or rdescifijmg onr scheme monuhg. -Our ideartben, is that' the tax sbohtd not be leviable miyi« wr absence -for-k 'shMter period tfean' that impfies tba.t:;ihe 'absentee, has only de parted for the .benefit of rbi8 health, a? for teisinesspnrposesi - and- the would bp no sense or justice in -taxing such persons. Bnt having hen away ."for tiikt time, an absentee should" be'. BaMe to the tax. The -aroiesf should "he raiaed by.: means tf- p specSaI> leti 5 pCT eent over and alhve all oiher systems of taxation m force ; and tblsleVy sbould np«n the incomes del- rived, not alone fr6m landedproperty ,but also from business, sharesrand, in short, from any and every channel m whibh. the capital had Men inwested. : Tha police shonld te cated upon to make ,an- annual retaEP of the abr WftteeST ai,'ilnb> ,q$ipeife'ffiiti|g(By. and papers should pext bo spn't to the :represen|. tatives of thoBeL-pafsbhs, calling for a solemn declaration ais . to how ' long tiip jOwner had ibeen absent, and what his in come amounted tik This waaU bejnerely ntilisugdhe'system'as' rEbglnnd in connection with the feoome and otiier cEredr facrMj 'sdid" db;lTflOibt - woiild:Iiw<ffk just as ,effectmSlip''liere:as if does in, the mother-conntcy. To teach property" conr sisting - of shares, - debeutures, &c-;, -the same papers shoMd. '.tp' eent: :to ; the barks,' insurance -dfilces, and absentee agendes, and similar' returns be insisted upon in tiieir ; cases. If this system wete adopted, .there would -be. no difficulty in obtaining all the information required as to who are absentees, and what their in- VWIUMI OUIUUHVMI j ,6UU VIM pJDOOODCU U1 this knowledge, the feet Would be'.CaBy enough of attainment The teat would be teviaMe here, mid being made a direct charge on the. property owned; would, !' so to apeak, 'cbllect iteBlf. : Evampn of tbe tax; or oversijght of any person liable to it, could be' pyetebme bV mikiDg 11 aiteirB ca'mula- tiva, ' auLliai& to' w .progressive «tio! of interest when ' the -defaulter -was ffisco-i vered, and pjmei.had bgen demanded. It wonld then beto -Se interest of every! ahsentee"i» See thkt Ids %eturns were duly emit in, and that-tiie anwunt for whidr jhe vwliidJbeegLpSctuafly" over to t£e Treasmy. 'VTba'iisk of evasion' is of tha mogt ri fl4A Jay. few per-; '1 journey, however, added j» to discomforts,! Would be a fetal cbjortiohtb this Titan of evasion, the more -especially as the 5 per. oenfe ImportWerMonaniendwooTdncd prove teee.u The iadoption'tef Jau absmteo tax,: baaed'fcpbn-rtbesB primsiplee,' wonld get rid; of the difficulties wiaiTiara 'n rdton been JfaowMHaa 'the— -way of. » tax of!;this| for the obtamment of ; -the mgney>- re-i '8 .flWSteji-ftete itins .Rpfeny,; jevmyiyear, pyi,A«eBfe0as -and weswmng -this ecslcu- 1 ifeticm.4of hefiScw»d, p- fi per-cent aheto-! ?£55;000; a- yeartei -fheufe,- .OtodtteBi taiEs-wniaiappBarin tite fist. 1 »v siio; v-biili? 1 In view of these facts, then, it is satisfac tory to find the Ministry intend to include an absentee tax in their programme fornept' session; and there can be very little doubt, |ge think, timfcwhen tea.ofM%nnot(fc®e- jntcomes.to oe taade,4t|astice wi'-not 'only f» admitted by.those pmsons whowill |ha/Jtepahg cordial approval m'the new duty 'or dxact- ment. -Captain Kay js about, to cwire from tee petition of rimtof-tne Executive1 Council, onjt iliMfnmjuMlliw. aitlitinn ia OB.iJlO.SVfr of being made ,to, the -naon list of this much- furtejrtn'commfinltv. ' We are toidL tEt 'Captain Kay arrived in this colony in 1854 as private secretary to Sir ceas. hotham, and that when the Constitution Act came in force be obtained the appoint ment which he now holds. What this means is that a grateful people have paid Captain; Kay ahput £19,000 for doing little or nothing, for thfe" is really the earn ahd substance of the duties of tee clerk of jan Executive Council in tins colony. He is now to receive a pension .for vacating a rosy sinecure, and to spend the. rest qf.hisdajys -in idleness -at the cost of the ViCtOnah tax payer. Captain Kay is no doubt a very respectable gentleman ; but we think iall but the snobocracy. will agree with us; in tbis remark, that expending a portion of tee public money to support ex-officials of this stamp in luxury and laziness, is just; a : t: little -:tooy mucho of.: tee anankey." ,It is simply and emphatically a flagrant wrong to those who have to work morn ing, noon, and night to support their families, and to' ccmtribute towards tee expense of government; and it encourages tee existence of a class in society, who lounge through life at the cost of the in-' dustrious, "an9vwhb are! £h'£ooraged to be thriftless by ihe deep solicitude which :ia shown for teem in their declining years. Why are not tee Captain Kays foroed to do the same as toesnnltitude — namely, wolk hard wlrile young, and make a suitable pro vision for themselves out of their handsome salaries, so that when old age comes upon teeiff teeyr-cen live without sending tee hat rouhd amongst their fellow- citizens : All > 1 a!.aA ta mini »i «n flta me uUmjVj Uiak is |/iuu au shape of pensions is wrung from honest and often self-denying industry ; audit is a little too bad that The reaT woiking bees in the hive should be continually sweated in tins manner to maintain a parcel of drones in habitual idleness and luxury. As well As we can make np tee figures;i|iropil the Estimates, the people of this colony ape paying every year something like £25,000 for pensions; and we may At -PPCe tell teem teat if they do not speedily enter a vigorous protest against thjs description of swinaiing-wfofr-'ftVis nothing else — the figures will soon be doubled, seeing that the sum shows a steady increase every yeah When referring to the subject) of pensions in this spirit, we do not desire so much jo 7 mdmdpajiae, Captain Kay, though his" case sOems to" us to furnish ia very striking instance of the evil of pen sions, because. hA has enjoyed a rosy b3let< for some nineteen years, and daring that period has received a maximum salary for a minimum icf work. It is tee prinaplja itsrif to which we object, and we object to it all round. Members of the Civil Servicjs of this colony are handsomely paid foe the WOrK uiey uo, ana aiey uave any qumiuty of spare time on their hands after they have done it. How many per sons in business, op . only labor-employ-, ment, can say the same thing ? And yet not. only have they to squeeze oat a portion of their meanB every yearto -provide for thei) families when death overtakes them, but in addition they are. sweated of some of top. remainder to support a parcel of lardy-d ardy ' spedmens of humanity in laziness and luxury, .- when teey can persuade a tooj- compl'uuat Govieimment to place their names on the pension list. This is a crying evfi which is ; growing. :ia,_ this - coloBp<v»pd which maiffiestiy. needs a "stiff breeze of public opinion" to stamp it out of existcuue. Every now and then we hear of j members of tee Civil Service being allowed to visit England to regain their health — poor fellows 1 — and full salaries are paidtoJheiA while teey are absent. The Civil Service Act provides for annnai holidays, and one would think these periods -of --recreation were ample to prevent sickness amongsj; a class of men who are, worked bo terribly hard. Bnt n»T' after about a score of years of service, which means doing next door to notemg, y nmstibe relieved of their onerous duties, and for the rest of their precious lives be supported in idleness at tee:exp«ise Aif:teeiBtate. The idea is simply monstrous, and its practice a gross imposture upon tee community. Some time isgd--lhe""Cfeil: -Strvioe Commission re| commended teat a superannuation fond should be created, out of which those who had to leave the service, through incapacity or ill-health, 3»eld 'fed -ptorided for, so as to dispense with pensions ; and why has not tins rerommendatjqu beemgiven effect to, eeeingc teitltls 8o''fedri6ibie and just? Then each member of tee Civil Set vice would havaja pet pfrtA portion of his income for an aniimly, the same as 13 done with the police, and tee public would not be hamperetewith a peosiep list. Wd cannot understand how it is that the people of Victoria have permitted jthis monstrous incubus -to press upote temr shoulders, oil rather pockets, so long. It is utterly in-1 defensible; it is provocative of thriftlees-f nees and extravagance, and it is a down right injustice to themsrives. Where men in the Gtonlnrrmanf fiP flta n/itrommanf llama JAWA real service to;ibe or he. mot withi any disaster in the discharge of their duties, pensions or rewards are justifiable, and event to beeftmmHniiart. i Hut' when the money is' granted to "grease the fat pig," or to enable men who have been extravagantly paid -for doing little' -or nothing, to spend) the .balance of their lives in iaa-l tss aqd. juxury, then a dear wrong w perpetrated Dpon the tax-paying and industrious portion of tee population, and one, too, which should not be permitted to continue in existence a moment longqr than is nectary 'fdFra'roV&'w' abolition. Moreover, this commmnty cannot afford now to pay £25,000 every year for nothWx.and this fact ought to be fetal to the p£dst6n system, wme there no other argument strong enougfrtosxlmte palpable an injustice. ' 2 nm«I meeUng of Die committee of the Vic torian Education League and Registration Society, wm held last evening r JUr G P . —w iprau- Uenij-in tne ctiair.Tand jtoe bring a fnH atten dance. A large mmiber w"fettera from variotu districts in the colony were read. A letter from the Hon. Geo. Higmbotham, in response to one sent by the league, was read, and elicited warm ap plause; the considers tiea of its pabllcatioa was allowed to stand over until a future meeting. Branches are bring opened in ail parts of the country, and applications for assistance drily coming in. Mr IiTit'«SS,m»d« calling a meeting of members of the different Protestant churches in Bailarat, to arrange to welcome Ihe Bishop of Bailarat. on his arriraL Mr Whitehead has been called open by several gentle men on the subject; and being a prominent dis senter, it w As thought the calling of the meeting would come with a better grace from him than from a member of the Church of England. Thebithop So#«ahta'|llfcr A bazaar in connection with St. John's Church of England, Scars dale, was held in the town hall oaMonday. The boRding WMAwariy decerated vwfte'eveigreens. The with fn errellent selection of Kclesvor sal tastefully tot out : andtbefrtatre of the Wdl was occupied by fine collection -r& plants an tats, , most of whum were given by rDallarat geiitlemen':' The stidls ware presided over bjr jtesdames , G. D. Knight, £><Jlter Jtenpest : at the.-Misses J. Camp- Weather- Mad, WSttiaimfen, and jaXrison. Mrs Walker had charge of the iilTlnhmrpti ntsril. and the Rev. S. Walker offlriated as genCTal.HBW|9g; astfetfed TMdtsfe 'Ciai MtTempML -There yras, a large number present alJd numbers jof articles were disposed of ; about £25, it was thought, being taken altogether. The Smythes- -dstehrMshand-Wtended.nnd dlsSrtSsSImusic at intervals. The bazaar willbe.oOBtinued each even ing until Thhtsda-, 13tfi InVtSbt. when the.. Rev. W. Henderson, of Bailarat, "will dri ver a lecture ; subject— " Tenuysan." Stephen Kean was arrested last night, and lodged in the Eastern lock-up, charged with threatening behavior. He is also charged with, stealing a coat; for which an owner is required. ) A man named Thomas Taylor was arrested last; night, and lodged in the Eastern lock-up, charged with having stolen a coat, the property of Thomas Taylor. He will be brought, up at the Town Police Court this morning. . - In our issue of yesterday we recorded he Cope, produce-dealer, Sebastopol. On Monthly afternoon she gave chase to a Sebastopol cab, and succeeded in catching it. OnAfriving at Bailarat, she waaloond to be jnan.wcohs&cnis; state, and was at once removed to the District Hospital, where she expired an hour afterwards. Yester day an inquest was held on the body, wbea a verdict was returned that death was caused by, sanguineous apoplexy of- the. brain. A very heavy fall of rain occurred in Bailarat last night, accompanied by vivid flashes -of lightning, but not very heavy thunder- claps. The gutters were bankhighrforaomertime. \ " A youth about ten or eleven years of ag4 sen'of a. well-known resident of -Bailarat.- wws passing the Catholic school 'in Darling street on Monday evening, ou bis way home from toe $edan State! School, whhn' La "piece of bluestone came flying.: through the air,, striking .hinx sp Aerere afalow under one of the eyes that if is feared he will caiy the mark of the wound with him to the graven- The father has tried to discover the perpetrator of this wretched deed, but np to last night he had not been successful with his search: .- ; j The receipts onjthe Vlctarian Railways for the' wedc ending -6 th-May amquoted;, to £17,389 9s 9d. For the corresponding week of 1874 the amouht .waz£14,67r 19slld. At the Beaufort Police Court 00 Monday, before Messrs Croker and , Jennin,- J.P :the iollowing oase was dealt with : — Joshua 'Whitehead was charged with stealing a swag from Scharp's Beau-' frtwt liAfal aw fia4nwmr wtnliS IAM4 Awil A n M J — . K — — J X — . AVV uvtut UU Ufibuiuaj1 UlUb Ut»lt MiU SCUiCUlMU |U three months' hard labor in the Bailarat GaoL ' Our correspondent writes Fire weddings in one week ie- a-amaH-piace 1ikr-Baddon, euggerts the idea that the immigration question will be settled in a few years, and that the residents of the locality have 6ome confidence in the future of the place, and do not think that mining— the chief re-' source oHtim mrighbortusdHs' tobg to die out" just vet.- '-"No dmibtliie gootfj>Selds from the Race-, course claim had the effect of strengthening the opinion formed by many, years since, that there is a large tract of &uq;&8H1b country in this district, ' which will give handsome returns for any labor or capital spent there. It would be out of place to. make special mention of any email details referring to any of the marriages, hut it ntay be stated that a barrel of beer, at the George hotel, was labelled'. 'Free, to be drunk to- day,' and 'Health and' happiness to ,Mr..and Mm Twneend,' .was ,re- peajd with, a gobd-willfnapy times ;,:l!nd fifty, guests at the residence of Mr Garland, of Trunk Lead, left nothing unsaid or unwished for the., future welfare of his daifebter, who is a general favorite, and has joined her fortune to that of Mr John Fox." rr - L The. dSdinary 'meeting Of ti>J Orphan - Asylum Committee took place last night, when routine business was transacted ; Mr Josephs' notices of motion, re elections, .&c;, being postponed till next' meeting.'- - - "' - — - - j The annual sermon in aid of the Bible Society ? .postponed last ..evening, .althpib a ojnsider- ablenunAerbf persons ' assembled at thl'Baptist Otonaal A A XL. s. a _P at_ _ ai mic U15E111 reuBBi vi iiie ineoiu of the Bible Society, the Rev. A. M. Henderson At once and cheerfully. ..placed himseif -in' their hands, and the announcement was . xnade to : .the. mmgrtgriion ' that: ihe serrice wfll 'he ' held .this evmiing at the same .time, butte commcnoeat eight o'clock instead "of half-past' seven ; several ministers who were present expressing their tlesire ; to hear Mr Henderson, and promising to put off their usual Wednesday services, that their people ' Tim draught matchiMhe Australian hotel, be tween M'Geoch and Donnril, was resumed last night; Mr Mitrirell acting US timekeeper. Five games in afi weteplsjd; and jM'Geoeh won one'; the remainder being draws. The' scores now stand : — Donnril, five ; M'Geoch, four. The installation of officers jn connection with the Star of the' East' Lodge, T.O.G.T- -x>u taceun Monday evening ; Br Whitehead, Br Gom, and Sr Lythgo acting as G.W.C.T, G.W.M, and G.W.S. 'The: fallowing Were" the officers Ginstfliedi— W.C.T, Br Wriliss ; W.Y.T., Sr Green ; W.T, Sr M'Gavin; W.F.S, Sr Collett ; W.S., Br Tomkina i WAS., Sr Bosi- WAL. Sr Belts; D.M.. Sr Green ; LG, Sr Betts ; O.G., Br Elliott ; W.C- Br .OoUettj HHS., Sr TomJuns,; L-H.S-, Sr M'Gavin. . This 'lodge - is, 'steadily progressing. Several candidates have been proposed during the past fortnight. . Mr Wm. O'Ddl Burrows, of Bailarat, has beeA pWt«i ft mpmhpr of the_Mplhrtnn>i Phfintiflminl tical Society. A short time since Archbishop Vaughan, of Sydney, delivered an address arguing that the Qhurtrfi of Eogland ,wM Df recent jfcrfaxtios; and but the result of a schism from the Church of .Rome...- These;. statements -have drawutforth a spirited reply from the Bev. T. C. Ewing, of Wo!-! lengong, as wiB be seen '-by the 'ahnexed para graph, which we take from the Sydney Morning Herald-. — " We have received a copy of a pamphlet SKi5S5SasuSf&,® discourse by the Bev. Dr Vaughan, in which Mr Ewing argnes that the-esiaent chntifi and faith of England was not Romish, but apostolic. He con tends that the ancient British Church was founded SS?£ia££l£3S£7;& tian . Queen, with her chaplain, her church, and numbers of both Britons and Saxons professing macy; and although the Bomish Church ulti-' tnatriyi usurped authority . ever tfae Churth: of Enand, this was wrested from her at the Befor-! matron. These 'positions' are folly argued, and supported by copious quotations from writers of all agesfrom, the .early, lathers, to. Ihe present time." - - = - - - - A gentleman in Melbourne (says the Herald) has received a letter from Captain Shinoer, of the. steamship Northumberland, wherein the captain.1 states that the arrival of the vessel in Hobson's Bay -may be looked for on Saturday evening, or at: the latest Snndav mnrninw The ViwdintnlwiinJ has on board several old crionists and their fami-1 lies. The total loss tff the; stouter Schiller on the Stilly Islands, %s netided in the European telegram) published on Monday 'morning, was the general: topic of conversation (says tie Aryu) in toe city, dnrfng thp fiay. Holier l-partfcoiara of. the wd catastrophe will be anxiously looked for. The 1 tSchfllerwas -nn iroa -serew Steamer oI-8f21tbns tapsfer, and w« under the commpiid. of Captain -ItiOmas, twho had' consideraoTe experieuce'of the javjgatom of toeiNtelh rfttiantic.. The steamer', was bout by Messrs Napier and Co., of Glasgow, : towards toe end of 1873; and as she waa'riasabd'ldO : Al, she was considered a new ship. Her dimen- j sions were 380 feet in length, 40 feet beam, and 32 feet depth of hold- Her engines were of 600- horse power nominal, -but-were capable of working to much greater power. The ou nei-s of toe Schiller were the German Transatlantic Company, whose head office is in Hamburg. auBSlSS'S eTJPseffi'i «» uwuiuuuuu w uie «lu,uw pmpeeaqg wote iof gold will shortly (says toe Arms) be carried out. Arrangements wfll be made in a few days to call for tenders for toe work of putting down the bor» in the localities chosen in the Ow" &®t. sa 5=ssa?sJst-ta£ race to the removal of toe Chinese lepers located at Clayton's Hill, Bailarat, to Point Nepean. It wan urged that such a step wonld have a prejudicial effect upon the district, while at the same ilm» it waaoueof toe most fesonsenient rites that could be selected for such a purpose. Mr Ramsay pro mised to make enquiries, and communicate with Mr Furvea before fairing action. day's Argns, itofin to toe intentions of toe Ministry to "make the education question one of paramount importance, so that public attention toe opening of toe railway to bring the education question prominently before the public." A very pretty specimen of art was shown to the IklMireji w IfcJKMLttei wffltk of Miss tduhen, a young Danish lady recently nnived in this colony, and who resides fo Wtodsor- consists of a necklace, amlete, orooteggtoKjJ and a wreath for toe hair, all jj scales of the codfish pe scalesare represent various tands tf being prominent. Gaunt, jeweller, of Bourke street. £ The J« says that the Bev. Chrate Strong, rf Anders ton Chnxdi, Glasgow, haa dffimtdy ag- iKPtiid toeicharge -of the Strts -ChnrthT and ' BB the" vaewicy occasioned by the death of ,toe Bev. P. ST Menzies." Zeiss' a .gentleman. JswL known for his culture as well as his powers of nreatiung. rmd toecongregatioo mayxsomratutoto themstires on securing .the services of such: a minister. . Mr Strong- bas Been selected by rrm- eipal Gaird, and will leave Scotland pnlheIst instant. - J For s«ne time past (remarks "the Aye) it Has been known that t no distant: date the rfetoSsmdnt of toe present tierkof tiieJSxecutive Council wodld ..take place. It. is nuderstood'that Cajitain -has reacbed xUat. age wbich brings with it are- loue from duty, in addition to which Jii .health is such as to have necessitated his abSdnce from' office for some montos past, Had will prevent his return; The names, of Mr Archer, Mr Brough Smyth, Rvrfndiah, and Afr - Harriman -have Aeen mentioned as candidates. " , f . tr. T..»a Tjtntr /if Vrttnwfi fitnapt'lilM. sent M a tin of his " pectoral cough drops," which Should command a ready sale- in this inclement seaaoniitf the year, and no doubt will do. Although last evening was the wettest and most wintry that we haye ye t 'experienced this season, thetj5 7Ls a rery TgbodattenSabceat Qie MschaniM Institufe; where the JKenngdy. fftmil>'-gavelh_eir "eeconTenteisaidhientjof their farewell season, wSikh was under the special imtronage of the St. Andrew's Society; rfficmt forty membedB,"TUS8ed ny <their piper, marcluug in regalia to the Medianics hall. The programme was both varied tfnd attractive,' including :as' it did . English,- Irish, ' and Scottish -songs, .glees, Ac. tMr "Kennedy's songs, recitations, and hnmorous anecdotes were well received, ahd thejatter wme'given 'witK "so much unotioaahd, racy), humor, that even the most mixed audience could .not fail., to enjoy Ahem ; Mr Kennedy's chjmgea of voice and facial expression, with action appropriate to toe stoiy, being provoca- clSve . of - peals xAr laughter, especiaily -in wueh comical sketches as .the "two Scotejuuen who were a littlerehre'Atan ffon." The gleds,-" H«il, smiling jnorn," .'.LBIdw, gentle-gales," -".Gomer livevfiti' me," and " Now, - by day's retiring lamp," were all nicely, sung, with -great expression, . by_toe3tSiAtaijory- iajod w,.aiid Mratre David, James, . and : Robert Kennedy. The -song;- " March, inarch, Ettridk and Teviot- dale," as given by Mr James' Kennedy, was re ceived with vociferous applause ; and, being en-.-. -_cored, hegave, "The March of. the Cameron Men;" whitii was equally well rendered, toe other mem- bers ot the Compaq imitating tne pinrocn seounu, performing also, in .toe same manner an excrilent imitation of- the - bagpipes... to Mr Kennedy's " Ailister M'AHister." The performance was tan- eluded -with " Auld Lang Syne," the audience stand ing and jolijina: In the chmus.' During toe evening. Mr Kennedy thanked the andienCe and .the meta- .bers ofihftSt- A mi regis Society for their patronage on so boisterenajaa evening,«nd mated his regret tiiat to- night-weuld be the last -occasiontm which the family would appear in "the bonniest tity of all the colonies, Bailarat." This evening the per formance will -be under the patronage of toe mayor and councillors of the City of BaUarat, and toe -mayor and 'councillors of toe Town of Bailarat East; toe presidentsand members of committees of , the Ballirat Hospital, Bailarat By nevoigpt Aayl am, and Ballarat Orphan Asylum. A'n address from toe committees of the several chart ties beaefl ted by Mr Kennedy's donation will . be.. presented during the evening. Tbeexecntion of the memorial has bemi entrusted to Mr Niven, and he has acquitted him self Very creditably of - toe task: , The address (whitii hasieen handsomely fremed by Mr Robert son, of Feel -street north) will be on view to-day . at Mr Hammqpda's, toehookBtiier. of Sturt street. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the. weather laist night," there wm a yqre- gppd attendance at the Theatreifoy'tovVitnesS Jhelseeondropreseata-- tion of " A Waif of the Streets." The piece went more- amoothly than at its first production, -and the several parts were well sustained. To-nigbt another of Mr Towers' dramas, entitled < Grate- ' M," willbe "put upon the stage. 