fixing, No doubfc it would fini^ a defender in Mr. Higinboth&m;, who is manifestly chagrined at the prospect of having Ministers ?who would have heen little better than poppets in his hands deprived of office ; bat that eccentric member has ceased to be viewed as unimpeachable authority upon any subject which, he warmly espouses. Assuming that the refusal of the Governor to grant a dissolution will be followed by the resignation of faia advisers, Sir James McCulloch will doubtless be sent for, and we are cnrious to know— first, what will be the frianwai policy he enunciates; and, secondly, what earthly chance he will have of carrying it in the present Assembly. It is obvious that a dissolution must come, and that at no toy distant period. Thb Lscomsa Matt. Stbamsb.— The usual red right trill not be exhibited from the General Post-Office tower on the arrival of the Engliih Mail, aa the erection of the clock still interferes with the paESBgeway. The Lvbtttutb. — The annual general meeting of the members of the South Australian Institute will be held this evening, and afterwards the election of Governors for the ensuing year will be made by the subscribers to the Library. Mb. E, W. Weight ahd His Pbunkbs.— Mr. Wright, referring to the letter of the two men who pruned his vines, denies the truth of their statement that he did not complain of the manner m which the work was done* The Poet Bmdgb.— On Tuesday afternoon, the 12th instant, the first two pontoons of silt for filling up the space piled on the east bank of the Port stream were deposited in the water, thus making a beginning of the solid part of the approaches for the new bridge. The Cosvalbsckht Hospital.— The bazaar held in the Port Town Hall on Monday, October 11, in aid of the funds of this institution, gave a net result of £55. The Glbseuj Mail Abbaxgemhntb.— The recent difficulties in connection with the tran shipment of mails at Glenelg were brought under the notice of the House of Assembly onTuesday, Mr. Cower askeU if toe Government would endeavour to agree with the P. & 0\. Company for the landing and embarking at the Semaphore when circumstances prevented the arrangements at Glenelg being carried out, as was the case on Saturday. Mr. Boucaut, in reply, stated that in any arrangements which were made the Vic torian Government as well as the P. k 0. Com pany would have to be consulted. He added that he was looking into the question, and hoped that the result would be a more secure system of transhipping the mails at Glenelg than at present exists. Mr. Taylor proposes asking the Trea surer this afternoon whether the Government have paid any amount to the owners of the Glene'g steamer for placing the English mails on board the Nubia, and if so whether the sum wil be recovered from the contractor whose duty it is to convey the mails to the P. & 0. vessel. Mr. Bljth also intends taking the subject up, and will move to-day for a return showing the cost of putting the mails into the Nubia. FUSDEHS-STBEET PrESBTTKBI&H; CHURCH.— On Sunday, October 10, the anniversary sermons ri this church were preached by the Revs. P. Macbren and W. P. Wells. On Tuesday evening, after tea, a public meeting was presided over by Mr. D. Murray, J.P., who stated that tho finances were prosperous. Four or five yeara a^o there vras a debt of £2,000, which had been paid. They Lad increased the minister'3 salary and made provision for charitable objects out side. Ho would feel it hi3 duty on som-j future occasion to propose that funds be col lected for evange'ieil purposes in the colony and miriionary causes elsewhere, and therefore urged them not to relax their effort?. There had been an addition of 24 members, and a diminution from various causes of about the same number. The Sunday-schools ware flourishinv, with a pood supply of teachers. The Rav. J. Lyallgave his second lecture en 'A Visit to Rorca,' describing the places to which he went and th9 things he saw, confining himself principally to criticising and admiring those invaluable trea sures which the ancient and famous city con tained. A large audience listened with conside rable attention to the address. The Bafti3T Assocunoy.— The first day's proceedings in connection with the annua meetings of this institution took place on Tues day evening, October 12, when a well-attended public gathering was held in the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture HalL The Bev. H. J. Lambert, of Norwood, the retiring Chairman, Introduced his successor; tha Rev. S. Fairey, of Gawler, who then delivered the annual address, and at its close a unanimous vote of thanks was ac cordv d. At 10.30 a,m. to-day a prayer meeting will be held, to be followed by business meetings, when reports will be received and the apooint ments of officers and Committee made. Papera are to be read by the Revs. J. M. Day, W. O. Ashtcn, and W. Clue. A communion service will take place in the evening. Presentation.— A special general meeting of the South Adelaide Cricket Club was held on Tuesday, October 12, to present a silver inkstand as a token of regard to Mr. C. C. Kingston. Mr. Chapman, the President, said that the gift was made as a mark of esteem, and he thanked Mr. Kingston fcr the valuable services he had ren dered by getting the Club admitted into the South Australian Cricketing Association. Mr. Kingston said that he would always do bis best to forward the interests of the Club. Tue ink stand, which was an elegant article, was sup plied by Mr. Pratt, of Bundle- street. Sufbemb Codet.— The Primary Judge sat in Equity on Tuesday morning, October 12, but no business was transacted, and the Court adjourned for a fortnight. The Civil Sittings were com menced at 10 o'clock before Sir R. D. Hanson, the Chief Justice. John Bridgeland was fined £5 for non-attendance when summoned aa a Juror. In the case of Nottle v. the Wheal James Mining Co. the record was withdrawp, the matters in dispute having been settled. The case of Marstwll v. Weinrich, an action for&OO;, the balance of the value of land transferred by tie plaintiff to defendant for money lent and inte rest, was decided in favour of the defendant. In tbe actions Weinrich t. Marshall aad Phillips v. Skeltcn, both for ejectment, verdicts by default were given for the plaintiffs. The Court wQl Bit again to-day at 10 a.m. The cases to be heard are the Bank of Adelaide v. Levine, Brown v. Guthrie, and Comyn v. WQlsbire. We under stand that the case of the Bank of Adelaide v. Levice, the first case in to-day's list, will be made a remanet to the next Civil Sittings, so that Mr. Levine shall not be placed in any false position widi regard to the cfos3 action ho has againtt th Bank, which has been tried and decided in hi favour, but which, owing to the decision of th* Jell Court, must be again heard. The Imhigbasts.— The Trevelyan wa3 towed into harbour on Tuesday afternoon's tide by tha Eeaccr, and the single girls were brought up before that on board the steamer Glenelg. On the way to the Railway Station from the wharf via Iipscn-streetj, as they were passing Eider, Smith, & Cc.'s store, Captain^ Edwards, of the Trevelyan, was met just coming out, and the girls surrounded him enthusiastically, and a Bouquet that he was carrying was torn into as many pieces as there were flowers in it. These were eagerly clutched by the excited females, all of whom seemed anxious to possess one as a keepsake. After some time Captain Edwards got free from his fair tormentors, and they passed on, taking the 1 o'clock train, to the city. The event served* to show how great a favourite the captain had become during his voyage. Several of the immigrants went straight from the Port by tho steamer Euro, having bean engaged as soon as they arrived. The Hibersica.— This company gave another popular performance at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance in all partB of the house, and tha applause was frequent and hearty. The troupa will give an entertainment in the same place this evening. NabhoW Escape.— As the 5 p.m. train wa3 proceeding to the Port on Tuesday, the 12th met, a man named Stanton was seen in front £&lking; along between the rails, near Bowdan. The driver signalled, and he managed to get on tie siding in time to escape the front of the engine, but either through coming against the die of the locomotive, or because of the rush of air. as it passed he was knocked over tha embankment fortunately he was not much, ioit, and he walked away. jKQtEST AT THB LDHATJC ASTLUK —Mr. C. S. Hare, J.P., held an enquiry on Tuesday, October 12, into tbe circumstances attending the death of John Hooper, aged 63, a parfaat ia the Hoepital for the Insane. Mr. D. C. F. Moedie was the Foreman. The evidence of the atten dants showed that the man went to bed at t) o'clock on Monday evening, apparently in his usual health, after having taken his tea. He was seen in bed again by the kight attendant at 10 p.m., and seemed to be sleeping comfortably. At 6 o'clock next morninjr, however, ho was dead, but still warn?. No voice was heard during the_ night, and the bedclothes were in tha same position in tho morning as on the previous evening. Dr. Pater=on stated that the deceased was suffering from partial paralysis of_ the right side, but was in very fair health. His opinion wa3 that the man had expired without a struggle. When ho 8aw the patient in the morning post-mortem rigour had not set in. The cause of death, in his j opinion, was apoplexy. Deceased had suffered from that complaint three times before. The Jury returned a verdict accordingly, and ex pressed satisfaction at tho treatment thedeceased bad received. It transpired at tho enquiry that the night attendant had the care of 150 patients. Such being the care a considerable time must elapse between the visits to each, and they might often stand in need of assistance without any person being near to help. The TJijlet Wesleyan Church.— The anni versary sermons of this church were preached on the 10th inst by the Bev. Messrs. Trevorrow and Nichols on and Mr. J. D. Hill to good con gregations. On Monday a large company had tea, and subsequently Mr. J. S. Greer presided. The Chairman explained the cause of the absence of the Hon. 8. J. Way, Q.C , and stated that he had forwarded a handsome donation to the Trust Fund. Apologies were also made for the non-attendance of the Rev?. J. Bickford, H. T. Burgess, and others. The balance-sheet showed satisfactory progress, and it was stated that the schoolroom had been enlarged, the church painted and cleaned, S3ate rearranged, new lamps provided, be, at an outlay of JEiSO, of which sum a good portion had been sub scribed, so that the debt had not been much increased. The speakers were the Rev. J. Nicholson, Messrs. J. Langsford, H. Codd, Jaa. Broad, J. Newbury, W. Shiarlaw, and W. Coad. The choir, under the leadership of Mr. John Broad, rendered choice pieces of mu- ric, and the proceedings were considered thoroughly suc cessful. The building was beautifully decorated with flowers axitl evergreens interspersed with mottoes. It is believed that as the population in this improving suburb is likely to increase a larger place of worship will become necessary. The Theatbe.— 'Othello' was repeated at the Royal on Tuesday evening to a meagre house. Mr. Fairciough again impersonated Iago, with Mr. West as Othello, although the bills announced a change ia the respective rules. Mr. Fairclough's masterly rendering of tke jealous and designing villain was a great treat, and he appeared to throw his whole heart; into the performance notwithstanding that he laboured under the disadvantage of not being well supported. We, however, except Miss Bowring from this remark, as her admirable acting in the character cf Emilia evoked re peated applause. To-night ' Richard III.' is to be plajed. St. Paul's School.— A bazaar was opened in White's Assembly Rooms an Tuesday, the 12th instant, to obtain aid for the Building Fuad ot this day-school for the poorer classes. There is an attendance of 170 children, many of whom are admitted free, and the remainder on payment of very small fees. There are three paid female teachers, who are assisted by lady friends. The erection is used for Sunday-school and other purposes. The following ladies have stalls at the raccy sale:— Mesdames Runck, Ingleby, Brookes, Meyer, Crawford, Corbin, Wood, Barnes, and Jordan, and the Misses Schomburgk and Haydoo. Mesdames Gawler and Ashton and the Misses Dutton and Strangways have materially assisted. Although the bazaar .does not present an im posing show, it reflects credit upon thp3e who nave had the management, and much time and labour must have been given towards the obj3ct Many articles shown are useful, and there is besides the usual assortment of fancy goods. A Christmas tree presented by the Sonday-sohool teachers deserves notice, also a fender st*ol and easy chair claiming to be works of art. Id is much regretted that there was a small atten dance ob Tuesday, but it is hoped considering its object that the buyers will be more numerous on the coming two days. The sale is to close on Thursday evening with a promenade concert. The Roper Tbaghdt.— Mr. W. D. Randall, Statioumaster at Daly Waters, «n the Overland Telegraph line, In a letter to his brother, writes as follows regarding the murder of Messrs. Johnston and Daer:— ' Referring to the murder of my friend poor Charley Johnston, I might mention that it waa caused almost altogether by misplaced confidence in tho natives, as he so thoroughly trusted them as to allow them to camp with him. I believe that the cause of the attack was that upon arrival at McMinn's Bar the whites had dinner, but did nob give the natives any, but told them to get in a lot of fire wood before they would get aay food. After dinntr they went to bathe, taking the black boys with them, and the attack was then made. Poor Johnston's entrails were protruding. Daer made him lie on bis back, put them in, and bandaged them up. He suffered great pain until next day, when he died. Poor Daer also suffered intensely, and his death was a real relief to him: but I was greatly grieved at his ead end. Up to the Friday preceding hia death we did not anticipate danger, as the wound had apparently healed, but on Friday morning he was suffering terrible agony in the head and lower part of the spine, and calling out that he might be taken out of hi3 pain. About 4 p.m. he became unconscious, and did not rally suffi ciently to make known his last wishes. I hardly know what was the exact cause of his desth, but I think it was either tatanus or pressure on the brain. The spear struck him full in tho face, just below the bridge of the nose, pene trating four inches, and. Bloping slightly down ward?, struck against the bones of tho neck. The poor fellow was very patient aHd cheerful throughout. It was a very anxious time for me. I did my best at nursing, but was heartily sorry that it was out of my power to relieve his pain. The natives all along the line are becoming very troublesome. They recently attacked Giles's shepherds at Attack Creek, and also a party on tbe Newcastle. They were very cheeky, and all were armed. lam afraid there will be some serious affairs on the line yet They are as out-and-out treacherous lot; not fit to bo trusted within cooey.' Ah IssimrrB for Hahsdobf.— A number of inhabitants of fiahndorf desirous of promoting the intellectual improvement of the youthful portion of the population there, have formed a provisional Committee to oatain an Institute in the town. There are in the neighbourhood a number of young men who, having finished their scholastic education, have no sufficient opportunities for continuing literary pursuit?. The object of the Committee is specially to help these youths, furnish them with rational amuse mentandintellectualimprovement. It is contem plated to establish a library for circulation or perusal in the reading-room, occasional lectures, and musical and literary entertainments. To bring the project before the public an entertainment was given, on Friday, tho 8th instant. In consisted of musical per formances and recitations exclusively by young men of the locality, with a view to show that there existed sufficient local talent to carry out entetteinments of the kind and to excite the co-operation of the residents generally. The attendance was numerous, and the performer* acquitted themselves with credit. The Chairman, Mr. F. DufEeld, stated that the object was to make the institution one that should be equally available and suited to both Germans and Ecgliab, without tha slightest tendency to any special nationality. No effort has yet been made to obtain subscriptions, but tha Pro visional Committee have given liberally, and the amount, with the receipts at the entertainment, reaches £110. The meeting thanked tho Coamittee, and pledged themselves to second their endeavours. An Earthquake.— 'On Wednesday last a shock of earthquake was felt on the Murray Flats at about 10.45 a»m.,' reports the Kapitnda Etrald of the 12th instant. ' Mr. Dueil informs us that tbe sheck, which passed from soutk-west to north-east, visibly shook the concrete floor of his house, which is a substantial stone building. The tsme shock was felt by other persons in the same locality.' A BoLD^BOJict— A correspondent writing to the Brabant Courier from the Mitchell sngpetts a scheme which he affirms would prove beneficial not only to the present generation, bot also to posterity. The proposal is: — 'That Queensland should enter into an arrange mttit with South Australia to construct a railway to Cooper's Creek from Dalby, via Rcma, Charleville, and Bulloo, and South Australia to cut a canal via the lakes and valley of Cooper's Creek to the Queensland railway terminus on Cooper's Creek ; the canal to be eo constructed as to allow of steamboat navigation, unlef s the South Australian Govern ment prefer building a railway to the Queensland terminus.' The Wool Clip.— 'On Friday, the 8th, several horse teams passed through Clare,' the local paper says, ' heavily laden with wool from the Bungaree Station. The wagons were large and well adapted for wool-carting. This season's clip will be taken to Saddleworth, thence by rail to Pert Adelaide.' A Strange Accident.— The local newspaper of October 12 reported : — ' On Monday fore noon the cook at the Clare Hotel narrowly escaped being choked with a whistle. She was larking with one of the servants, and had tho head of a child's whistle in her mouth. While laughing the tin stuck in her throat and partly obstructed her breathing. She fell on the floor struggling violently. Dr. Bain was soon in attendance, and succeeded in removing the obstruction ju3t in time to save her life. She was Eeized with a fit afterwards, and lies in a precarious Btate.' Port Pibib.— About 30 reaping- machines are lying at Port Adelaide for shipment to this grswing place. A Japanese Rifleman at Wmblbdon.— AmoEg tbe foreign competitors at Wimbledon this year will be Major Muretta, of the Japanese army, who has entered for all the open prizes. The Volunteer Service Gazette says :— ' Although, we believe, this will be Major Muretta's firal visit to WimbledoD, he is an old member of tho National Rifle Association through the Yoko hama Rifle Association. He is not unlikely to take some substantial remembrance of Wimble don home with him, for we are informed that the other day at Bristol, while trying some rifles with Mr. Gibbs, the gunmaker, he made 12 bullEeyes out of 15 shots, at 1,000 yards, stand ing ; and at Yokohama it is recorded that he once made 139 bullseyes out of 200 shots, at 200 yards.' The Hamlet.— One hundred and eighty tons of ore were sampled last week, and the Moonta paper adds: — 'The lode at 70 fm. level has been out through, and found to be 7 feet wide and worth 12 tons of 20 per cent ore per fathom. The eastern lode in the foot-wall is four feet wide and solid.' Akother Anglican Chdkch. — Building operations have been lately making musn progress at Jamestown, as in most of the Area £ettlementp. On Wednesday, the 6th inst, tbe foundation-stone of an Episcopalian Church was laid by Canon Dove, M.A., who held a service in the evening at the Wealeyan Chapel. There were gcod attendances. Vustbiloquism.— It is announced that Mr. Laughton will, en Friday evening, again deliver his lecture on 'Ventriloquism, this time in connection with the St. Andrew's Young M^n's Society. Vital Statistics.— The numbar of births And deaths registered in the General Registry Offict? during the week ending October 9 were:— Births— Malea, 60 ; females, 56. Deaths— Males, 27; females, 21. Total— Births, 116; deaths, 43; excess of births, 68. For the District of Ade laide : — Birtb3 — Males, 21; females, 14J Deaths— Males, 13; females, 10. Total Births, 35; deaths, 23; esoees of births, 12. : Gltcejb am) Succnrcc Acid in Wine.— Mr. J. B. King, J.P., of Port Wakefield, his favoured us with an extract from 'LesMonde3,' giving the results of some experiments of Mi Maumene in determining the percentage o{ glycene and succinio acid in wine. The matter is of interest to wine merchants and consume -a. The author holds that the quantity of the acids in question produced by the fermentation of glucose simultaneously with alcohol mil be pr- portionate to the latter, and that thus tha quantity of extraneous alcohol added to the wins may be determined. Tha process of aaalysis U as follows :— To half a litre of wine concentrated by evaporation to 335 cc hydrated oxide of lead, prepared by decomposing a soluble salt of that metal by potash, is added until every. trace of colour has disappeared. The solution is then filtered, and the remaining grey pre cipitate i' washed and evaporated to dryness in a water bath. After evaporation the residue is treated with absolute alcohol holding a little hydrated oxide of lead in suspension; the mixture must be permitted to stand for some time, and then filtered. The resulting colourless liquid is then submitted to a current of carbonic acid gas and filtered. It is then dried at a tem perature of 110° c; the residue is pure glycene. To determine the quantity of succinic acid, a litre of wine must be treated with albumen in sufficient quantity to remove all the tannin. The wine being concentrated by evaporation as before is then mixed with hydrated oxide of lead until the colour is removed and filtered. The precipitate must than be digetted for a con siderable time in boiling water containing 10 per cent, of nitrate of ammonia in solution. The clear fluid thus obtained after due filtra tion contains all the succinic acid of the wine ic combination with lead and other salts. The solution is next treated with sulphuric acid to. precipitate the lead. The supernatant fluids which contains free succinic acid, is thon heated to expel the excess sulphuric acid, and after being concentrated to about 100 cc, is neutralized with ammonia. It is afterwards heated to expel any excess of ammonia, and a few drops, of a neutral solution of p?r-chloride of iron are then added. The resulting procipitate of sue-; citate of iron ia then well washed and burnt. The weight of the residue (sesqui-osida of iron), multiplied by 1,978 gives the quantity of succinic acid contained in the wine analyzed. Port Wakejteld Shipments.— During the week ending October [? th» imports at Porb Wakefield were two loads of timber, 2.500 bricks, 32 tons and 60 packages sundries. The export^ were 2,135 bags wheat and 190 bags pollard. A Spobtikg Adventure.— The Northern Argus of the 12th inst has tLe following:—' The other day a party from Clare went .rabbiting on Hill River estate. On reaching a spot where the quadrupeds delight to burrow, a ferret was put into one of the holes. To the surprise of the sportsmen a large snake was seen issuing out; of the hole, but it drew back on seeing that it had no chance of escape. It was, however, eventually sliot. The ferret was seen fighting with the snake, but on getting out 0? the hole it did not appear aa if it bad been bitten; After a short time it showed symptoms of pain, and expired in a few minutes.' The SeaSOX. — 'For the past week or two the weather has been dry and warm,' the Northern Atq\i& of October 12 says, 'and it was feared that a continuation of drought would prove injurious to the crops, more especially to tha !ate-sown. A V6ry beneficial change has, how ever, taken place. On Friday night wo had a few sb'ght showers, accompanied with thunder, on Saturday it rained gently nearly the whole of the day, and on Sunday it was conti nuous. The rain appears to be genera], aud it is t9 Ve hoped, ft9 area? have been benefited by it. We tf ere informed that tbe dry weather was beginning to tell on the Crystal Brook crops, so. the change has come just in time to prevent damage. A gentleman who has just arrived from Georgetown informs us that on Saturday afternoon copious showers fell in that neighbour bood, and from appearances it seemed _ to bo general. The crops were in want of moisture, therefore the present rainfall i3 very timely.' The Kap:nda Herald hears ' that the crops on tho Murray Flats are looking well, and if the season continues propitious the farmers in tho neighbourhood aro hoping to reap good average crops,' [From yesterday's Evening Journal A The Mbmbebs fob Encounter Bat.— We un derstand that the Premier (the Hon. J. P. Boucaut, Q.C.) and Mr. A. F. Lindsay, tha members for Encounter Bay, are to be enter tained at dinner by their constituents after the prorogation of Parliament. Death at the Lunatic Asjlum.— An old man named John Hooper, a patient at the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum, was found dead in his bed on Tuesday morning. Apoplexy is sup posed to have been the cause of death. An inquest will be held by Mr. C S. Hare, J.P. ; LORD DERBY AT LIVERPOOL. What Lord Derby said the other day at Liverpool respecting the conditions and pro spects of peace in Europe has no doubt ere this beenfulry sifted and commented on by the Home Press. As usual, HisLordship will have been praised for his caution and his dignified reticence ; and in truth no statesman can be found in England more capable of directing the foreign affairs of the. country at this critical time. Lord Derby is the most astute and pacific of Foreign Ministers. Like Talley. randheknowshowtoconcealhis thoughts, but unlike that great Frenchman he does not employ language to do so. He only speaks on compulsion. Constitutionally averse to a fatal fluency of speech, he has never striven to take a place among the 'orators.' He is among politicians a statist rather than a talker, and among statesmen a diplomatist rather than a leader of party. Lord Derby is not one given to waste his breath, nor does he throw away hia words in writing despatches or his time in reading anything that doss not trench on questions of great public concern. He is nothing if not political, in the high sense of the term. It is a joke as old as the appearance of his scholarly father's trans lation of Homer, that had that brilliant work been got up as a Blue-book the son would have read it. In fact, Lord Derby is intensely practical in all things, and the British people like nothing better. Thi3 quality really accounts for much of the confidence which he inspires. Moreover, although not a gloomy heisnotasanguine man, and the curtanswershegives to the queries put to him in the House of Lords intimate that legislators will generally mind their and the nation's business best by leaving the subject of delicate international negotiations to those who have accepted the responsibility of dealing with them. Still the people must talk about what all the rest of the world is eagerly speculating on, and they contrive now and then to trot out a Cabinet Minister with the view of sounding him. The Liver pudlians made a great mistake if they expected much out of Lord Derby, although the meagre telegram which has reached us shows that on the leading difficulties of foreign affairs he had something to say. His reference to China we pass by for the present, but his allusion to the Herzegovina revolt calls for remark. in ms allusion to tne complications wnicn have arisen out of the uprising In this Turkish province, Lord Derby bega if he does : not actually shirk the question. - Doubtless j he perceived that it was politic to do so, ' but the move is bo transparent that ' for once the conjuror betrays his art. No one, for instance, wanted to learn that the English policy was one of non intervention, nor did any one believe that ' England could have any greater interest than ; that of the maintenance of peace. There is - a smack of platitude about ' unwise inter- \ meddling and excessive interference' when - the phrases are uttered by the very last man his countrymen would accuse of such things. The late Lord Derby teased Earl Russell , during the Danish War about his epistolary zeal and hypocritical 'moral aupport,' and he fastened on the Liberal Ministers' policy the label 'meddle and muddle.' The warning and the taunt were as timely as deserved, and since then others have avoided the inane officiousness which humbled England in the eyes of Europe, It is another thing, however, when the present Foreign Secretary assures England that the Herzegovina insurrection lias been exagge rated. He may have said so to allay the excitement which has unquestionably pre vailed throughout the country, or with the. prudent motive of showing Europe that England at leait is not at all put about by this hubbub on the Danube. Bat has the affair really been exaggerated? Despite ?? unwise intermeddling)' has not England been called on, and has she not actually interfered ? Have not the best offices of the Great Powers failed, and the Consular mis sion of peace been set at nought ? Has not Turkey become more alert as well as alarmed, and Servia more daring and open in her sympathy ? Even a3 we write a tele gram is before us, intimating that a default in payment by Turkey— no extraordinary affair in sooth— has produced great excitement on theXondon 'Change, and that Turkish Bonda have fallen heavily. Now the financial condition of Turkey is a matter of the greatest concern to Europe, more especially to England, and any shock to the credit of that country at this time is pregnant with imminent disaster. . Notwithstanding her recent re trenchment of expenditure and other fiscal reformn, her commencement of fresh works for the disentombing of Jier buried'resources, and her plentiful promises of amendment, this shock come^ as a shock inevitably comes, when creditors arc resolved to push 'their lebtor into a corner, Another message informs is that money is tightening because of large nthdrawals of gold for Germany, andjthafc he Bank reserve is weaker. TmVmay be k mere coincidence, but it comes as ah Ugly comment on the text of Lord Derby's speech, Jertainly there is nothing in all this td lead 18 to believe that there has been so far any 'exaggeration.' From these recent troubles n the North- West Provinces of Turkey has prong this European anxiety and fear, aud ve may be simply tracing the overt acts if a well-laid scheme. Moreover,' while lord Derby spoke he must have been aware hat the leading organ of opinion in England! las lately assared the world that the seoeg* lion of Herzegovina and Bosnia are inevitable, md has even gone so far aa to say that the Darkish difficulty can only be overcome by aking away one after another the provinces low subject to the Porte. Again, Lord i)erby, although he asserts that the autonomy )f these provinces is impracticable on account -f .the differences in their religion, cannot lave forgotten that not long ago Prince Gortachakoff was not so sure about ibis, but had openly asked M. Thiers whether a foreign autonomy in Bosnia and Herzegovina would be likely to result in a ?ectdficatdon of the Montenegrin frontier. Che terms used by Lord Derby and the Russian Minister may seem slightly to offer, but in reality they apply to the same problem. It will, indeed, be fortunate or the future peace of Europe if such autonomy is found to be 'impracticable,' -ut when the speech of Lord Derby comes ohand it will probably be seen that he UBed qualifying expressions which materially iveaken.this unusually emphatic announce* nent conveyed to us by telegraph. In a previous article we alluded to the* :hances for and against autonomy and mnexation, and dealt with the attitude iustria has assumed in the matter, it nay be as well now to say, considering ;he action so distinctly taken of late -y Servia, that^somcthing deeper than liiference of religion would seem to mderlie this prominent question. Eight ,-eara ago the Pan-Sclavonio movement eached a threatening height, and seventy ive Sclavonians from Austria and Turkey ;ravelled to St. Petersburg, and were re* :eived with demonstrations of high aud especial favour. Glowing orations wera lelivered regarding the magnificent prospects )f the Sclave race. It was proclaimed that ill that they wanted in order to secure their glorious triumph was united action, A. deputation waited on the Czar, who welcomed the members of it with fervour. They called the KuBsian poten* bate, among other winning names, the Protector of the Servians, and fully ingra* tiated themselves with him. Now these ?ame Servian deputies had just vowed vengeance against the Turks; yet this seemed to matter little, for the Czar asserted that ho ' looked upon them as brothers, and hoped their affairs would soon take a more favourable turn.' Does this brotherly love continue, and has this favourable turn come round? These are questions which doubtless occupy aB much of Prince GortschakorTs atten tion as doeB even the rectification of the Montenegrin frontier. It is well known, too, that Greece, relying on Russian patronage, has twice within the last fourteen years got up insurrections within a Turkish province, and although these collapsed, they never would have been heard of but for the countenance and connivance of Russia. How. then, the Eastern question can be lost sight of, even 'for a moment,' . asTrince Gorts* chakoff has ostentatiously said, passes ordinary comprehension. And, indeed, these Danubian Principalities , give Bussia much to think of, although, we are encouraged to believe that all her ambitious projects are for tho nonce flung to the winds, and only conferences on the usages of war and good offices among troubled neighbours are uppermost in. her pacific mind. May be, but there is about all this unwonted frankness something rather suspicious. Even Lord Derby has not ven- tured to say a word to lead us to hope that peace will be long unbroken. He only de« precates England's needless meddling with other nations' business, and it would be com forting to believe that did England hold entirely aloof things would be better ; but at present we are afraid the portents of stormy weather on the Continent are as many as. ever. ? Victorian Politics. — The dissolution asked for by the Berry Ministry has been refused on the ground— bo we learn from the telegram— that there is no more' reason for granting it to this Government than to its predecessors. This plainly means, that the Acting-Governor does not re gard the clamorous demands ot Pro tectionists for an appeal to the consti uencies as the voice of the country. Had he done bo he could scarcely, in view of his minute to Mr. Kerferd on August 3rd last, have declined to give Mr. Berry and his colleagues the opportunity of obtain ing' the formal verdict of the electors upon their financial proposals. Whether His Excellency is right. n what he has dope is a point upon which, imperfectly acquainted as we are with the facts bearing upon the case, we are not competent to express an opinion. From the evidence before us we were led to conclude that His Excellency would have no difficulty in finding: cogent arguments in support of whichever alternative he might adopt Tnere wascer* tainly nothing in the personnel or principles of the Ministry to entitle them to any mark oi Viceregal favour, and yet tbe evident dig organization of the Assembly and its proved inability to deal satisfactorily with the finan* cial problems requiring solution would_have been justification enough, for a dissolution. Apart from the constitutional question, it affords matter for profound rejoicing not only in Victoria, but throughout the colonies, that an ultra-Protectionist Cabinet has been denied the chance of getting a Parliament elected under its* auspices. ' What next is', to take placs. has , not transpired. The Government seem nothing loth to degrade their offices and lay themselves open to public contempt . by remaining in their Tfositioris and struggling on in the face of ah adverse majority ; \ut auch a courao would be against precedent, and in its essence demora* 