GJUJ* liitAJDiaXTltA CTS. Wmtino about squatters, the correspondent of a Melbonrno pnpor indulges in the follow ing crude remarks: — ' In tho back blocks tho squatters are divided into two classes, the old mid the new ; the former hnvo held the country for years, without making any im provement other than that formed by slabs, bark, nnd green hides ; there are runs at present, with what aro by courtesy called borne stntinns, wheie nothing but n slab hut is to bo Been, wherein tbe squatter nnd his family reside ; some of them would not pass muster for a fowl-houso. This c1as3 of squntler, however, is fast fading away in tho distance towards the Gulf of Carpentaria, being bought out and driven back by the now race of squatter : iii tho course of n few years more they will, like tbo poor aboriginal, become extinct. The now man is beginning to improve the country, erecting good home 's eads, fencing, tank-sinking, &c.; ; but truth compels me to stnte that a good deal of the lnttur work is done moro with n view to comply with certain clauses of the Land Act, and to keep out the free-selectors, than from tiny other motive — nevertheless it employs labor, nnd certainly improves the country.' We should advise the author of the nbovo to travel a little more. Yet another claimant has appeared for the Buckley estates (writes the 'Qippsland Mercury '), ono Martin Coady, and ho has, tlirough his solicitor, Mr Power, in Ireland, given instructions to a gentleman in Sale to make all diligent inquiries. Coady, says he is n. nephew of the late P. C. Buckley, nod that his is no fictitious claim, but that he can substantiate it by proof. He states that bis nncle, James Coady, married one Ellen Blaok, ct Mullingar, in 1809, and that the late Mr Buckley was their son. The claimant writes from Moate, Westmenth, Ireland, The following story may be, not inoppor tunely perhapB, recommended to the notice of any who, fired with an enthusiasm for litera ture, think of devoting tlien.selves to the distinguished profession of journalism. A For West newspaper, having admitted somo strong personalities into Ms columns, An nounces that it is obliged to cease publishing for tho following reason : — ' Our editor has lately disappeared; according to tbe latest information, be was last seen under a tree, slightly raised above certain persons, who were — pulling at a rope I' The following is a verbatim copy of the liquor card bung up in one of tbe largest hotels at Longbranch, United States:— Time Card of Drinks. — Eye Opener, 5 a.m. ; Ee fresher, G a.m. ; Double Header, No. 1, G'30 a.m. ;? Appetiser, 7 a.m. j Digester, 8 n.m. ; Big Eepoaer, 0 a.m. ; Stimulator and Lunch, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Talker, 12 n. ; Mixed Special, 12-30 p.m. ; Settler, 1 p.m. ; Light ning Express, No. 1, 2 p.m. ; Delayed, No. 1, 3 p.m. ; Social Drink, 4 p.m. ; Invigorator, 5 p.m.; Double Header, No. 2, 5'30 p.m.; Solid Straight, G p.m. ; Accommodation, 7 p.m. ; Fancy Smile, 8 p.m. ; Pleasant Talk, 9 p.m. ; Dick, 9'30 p.m. ; Sparkler, 10 p.m.; Uouser, 11 p.m.; Nightcap, 12 p.m. Floaters Free. N.B. — Wild or irregular, drinkers will keep out of tbe way and off the timo of the regular customers. Passengers by late 'bus carefully forwarded home by Wheelbarrow Express.' Pkouessok Eolieston, President of tho Anthropological sub-section of tho British Association, in addressing the members of the three Bilogical sub- sections, stated, among ntber results of recent investigations, that the Danish typo of. skull is less prevalent now than formerly ; that skulls are smaller now than in pro-historic times; nnd that female skulls bore a less unfavorable contrast with male skulls in pre-bistoric times than they do now, or rather are said to do. He added that one of tbe lessons taught by nuthrupulngical investigations is that it is folly to attempt to break abruptly with the past. The widow of tho late Commissioner Grenfell will receive a gold medal as a me morial for her husband's bravery, in defending the Bourke escort against bushrangers. A girl, eleven yearsof age, attempted suicide in Melbourne, by poisoning hersolf. It appears she had been corrected for some fault, and this is assigned as the reason. An unusual number of assaults of a serious nature have been committed lately in Mel bourne. A larqe number of Chinese gamblers have been arrested at Ballnrat and fined. Five escaped Communists have been found at Double Island Point, on the beach near Maryborough, in on utter state of prostration. They had been twelve days at sea, the lost four without water. 'A bill to enable women to graduate at the Melbourne University has passed the second reading in the Victorian Assembly. A man named Steady, claiming to be a natural son of Lord Nelson, has died in Melbourne at the age of 75. A half-acre of lnnd in Bourke-street, op posite the Theatre Royal, was withdrawn at £40,000 ; £38,000 was bid for it. A new daily morning paper is announced to be storted in Sydney by some Melbourne gentlemen. A serious accident occurred lately at Singleton. Mr Wnddell's youngest child, two years old, drank some turpentip'o, and died in consequence. In Brisbane, on Friday last, another child drank photographic chemicals, and nearly met its death. Mr N. P. Bayly, of Havilah, has just sold thirty stud rams, the weight of wool taken from which was 323J lbs., averaging 10J lbs. Mr Geo. Day, member for the Hume, has recovered from his illness, nnd resumes bis parliamentary duties in the House on Tuesday next. A lap eight years of age, named Post, was drowned in the Jerra Jerra Creek, on Fiiday last. In 1870 tbo lato Mr Walter Craig, of Bal larat, dreamt that ' Nimblefoot ' would win the Melbourne cup, which be did; and tbe ' Pastoral Times ' says that ' Mr Bacon, brother in law to Mr Jennings, of Warbrcccnn, near Deniliquin, dreamt about a fortnight ago that Wollomni would win the Melbourno cup. lie came to Deniliquin and told several people of his dream. Mr Bacon is not a hning man, though to back bis vision he put a -.rifle on Wollomni.'. Those who fancy that Australia is only in its infancy as a continent should read (sajs the Pilot) tho accounts given by the great Vic torian naturalist, Professor M'Coy, of recont discoveries of fossilized bones of now extinct animals. Various bones found at Schnapper Point were identified by him as the remains of tho extinct Australian lion, which wira one third lnrgei than any existing lion. But still more extraordinary was tho discovery of tho petrified remains of a gigantic kangaroo, at Duck Ponds, which stood thirty feet high. Truly, thero wero giants in those days. A Physician writes as follows to the San Francisco ' Daily Post ' : — I beg to call atton tion to the alarming frequency of poisonous effects produced by swallowing castor oil beans. I was called this morning to see a boy at tbo point of death from this cause. I have been informed of two other cases which have oc curred among his friends since minority. As these beans are frequently in tho possession of children in schools, I consider it a pub lic duty to call the attention of parents and teachers to their highly dangerous properties. In one of tbe cases mentioned tbe patient, a boy of eleven years, cannot yot be considered out of danger, notwithstanding the most active restorative treatment. The beans are easily recognised by their smooth, sbining and silver grey colour, marked with minute but distinct abnrescent leaf-like brown tracings. The interior substance is perfectly white, brit tle, and soapy to feel. A conitEsroNDENT, who seems to have paid much attention to the subject, writes to the ' Hamilton Spectator ' with a view of proving that the insect which causes scab in sheep is also tbo cause of tbe hitherto unaccountable death of many of the gum trees in the Wes. tern district. There may bs something in it; but it will be difficult to get tbo general pub lic to believe tbat any Bane insect would for sake good cross- bred mutton for tho purpose of luxuriating on tbe Eucalyptus globulus. It is seldom sneb n ' sell ' is perpetrated as that which was witnessed at the Court (says the ' Dubbo Dispatch ') on Wednssday. A cattle stealing case was on. One of the pri soners was discharged, on the application of tbe Crown, be having turned approver, As tins was announced, tho look which the other two prisoners gave was something to remem ber. Blank astonishment was on their faces. Tho Crown Prosecutor (who by the way ib a clever rising young man, and brother to tho eminent literateur, 3eorge Bernard Barton) smiled complacently; the polico in charge of tho case smirked with evident satisfaction, and each one of them looked as if he had shook hands with himself that morning. The evi dence went on — first of one, thon of another. Tho story was told, how cattle wore missed, taken here and thero, — and all was anxiety to hear how prisoners were to bo connected with the wiro fencing, cutting, and driving. When expectation had been 'worked up to its highest pitch, the Crown Prosecutor called the ap prover, and in he came, amidst a buzz. Ho was quite n stripling, and, ns he took the box, appeared to be nervous in the highest degree. Having kissed the book, the Crown Prosecu tor commenced in tbe usual way, nnd then holding a statement in bis band (evidently made by witness to police) proceeded to ques tion him on it. But be knew nothing — not he I Not n thing could lie remember. He didn't remember what be said to tbe constable be didn't remember meeting tbo prisoner on a particular day — in fact he knew nothing. The smiles of half-an-hour before gave place to frowns; and ns it was about as hopeless n task endeavouring to extract material evidence from him as blood from a turnip, tbe Crown Prosecutor tbrew up the case. The bush youth had ' euchred ' Crown Prosecutor, con stables and all — and certainly bo sold them as neatly as ever a smart bagman did a line. Robertson, Brothers, of Victoria, have suffered tho loss of a cow — Triple Brunswick —for which an offer of a thousand guineas was recently refused. Madame Ristobi is playing with great suc cess in Adelaide. A meeting was held at Botany on Tuesday evening for tho purpose of forming a munici pality there. Resolutions were carried affir ming the desirability of forming a corpora tion. It is proposed by. the Government to erect a Free Public Library with a lending library attached. Persons addicted to betting . should rend the following nnd profit by it. Says the ' ArguB,' in its report of the investigation held by the V.R.C. Committee into the charges brought by several bookmakers against Mr Mason, M.L.A. : — ' A startling accusation against tbe bookmakers was made by one of the witnesses for tbe defence, which, if there are grounds for believing tbe practice to exist, deserves an thorough an investigation as the matter at present under the notice of the V.R.C. Committee. This witness stated that a well known bookmaker, whose name he mentioned, bad told him that the bookmakers indulged in tho following pretty little piece of. chicanery: — A gentleman comes up to a bookmaker in tbe saddling paddock, and asks the odds about a favourite. ' 10 to 5,' per haps, he is told, but he thinks the odds too short, and declines to take them. After being further pressed by the bookmaker, who offers a slight increase in the odds, he still declines, and walks away without making the bet. Tho bookmaker immediately inquires from a colleague whether the wouid-bo backer iB a ' good mark,' and if told he is, ho enters the bet which was refused, as if it had been taken and awaits tbe result. If the horse which tbe gentleman offered to back wins, of course the bookmaker says nothing of tho affair ; but if not, he asserts that tbe bet was made, and exhibits his book in proof ; and to avoid trouble, the bet which was never made is paid by the backer whodid not back.' On Sunday as Mr Raphael and bis graud sou were going on board tho Manly Beach Steamer at Manly, the little follow fell from the wharf into tho water, from which he was immediately rescued by young Frazcr. Mr Raphael presented him with £1 and Mr W. B. Dulley who was present also gavo him £2. A baker in Brisbane has been fined £36 for selling light bread. Mr Benjamin Ginnino some time since presented Ihe poor of the city of Liverpool with £2000, upon which a wag wrote ' a good B. Ginning.' The co-respondent Sraithers in the divorce enso — Teas v. Tens, has crossed the border at Albury, and ia now in Victoria. ... The ' Echo1 has published a note of tho Day illustrating how in Sydney n man may thrash hia mother and retain bis liberty, while a drunken ' loafer ' may bo sent to gnol for a week. A correspondent having read this Note, sends tho following clipping from an English paper :— . ( 1. ) OPFEKOB. PoKISIIJtEHT. Wringing a man's noso A laugh from tho Bench Tampering with hia pocket Ono year's imprisonment handkerchief (2.) Knocking a mnn'orcnl teeth A reprimand down his own throat Borrowing his set of fnlso Two years on tbo treadmill ones without permission (3.) Bragging out a man's hair Arcprimand with sunprcs bj tho roots sed laughter Taking his wig off his head Thrco years on the tread mill withathrcatof more U) Tearing outn man's real tyo A lino of fire shillings Making off with his glass Prison, for five years ditto (5.) Breaking a man's leg Ten shillings and costs Stealing his crutch Sevonycarspenalsorvitmio (8.) Destruction of a man's life Recommendation to mercy Damage to his property Tho Eevorcstpcnnltywhich tho law admits of. Blondin is causing quite a sensation in Sydney with his high-rope performances. The Hon. John Lucas has arranged to ex hibit the mineral collection obtained by him from various parts of tho colony, at tho Phila delphia International Exhibition. Thb Hon. G. Allen, M.L.C. has lately had a successful operation performed on his eyes by Dr. Bowker, by which he is likely again to recover the blessings of sight. The Hay crops in the Yass district promise well, and several loads of new hay havo been delivered in that town. Wm. M'Coniskey, a mailman, who drives occasionally between CoomanndQueanbeyan, has been arrested by the police charged with opening letters and mail bags. A cable message from Londoi records the loss of the steamer Pacific by collision, with a loss of 290 lives, while making tho coasting passage from British Columbia to San Francisco. Russia has more than 5000 tobacco mills. Hahvesiino is vigorously proceeding on the farms round Parkes. The early sown wheat in that vicinity is expected to average 35 to 40 bushels to the aero. A bab caso o£ burning is reported from Parramattn, tho victim being a Mrs Bennett, who while engaged attending to a copper suddenly caught fire, and was burned to death. A great storm of hail visited Cobbednh on the 10th November, destroying crops of hay and wheat, and killing poultry and Iambs. Large numbers of Victoiian farmers are imigrating to Riverina in consequonce of the tnx imposed by Victoria on wheat grown in Riverina. An accident occurred lately on tbo Forbes road to a man named Fogarty, who was knocked down by tbe conch while walking on tho road. He is now progressing favorably. The Melbourne ' Argus ' has dispatched a special reporter to Major's Plains to report upon the condition of the German immigrants there. His statements discluso a most extra ordinary story; in the main ho corroborates the previous statements The Germans, some sixty-four in number, were induced to emi grate through the fanatical utterances of a woman named Heller, who predicted a devas tating war in Europe, and that Australia was the only safe place of residence. She pro mised that if they went out thoy would find houses built, and all things necessary. Since her arrival she is supposed to have received special messages from heaven, ono command ing her to marry one of the party; this was done, and the husband died of scurvy; a second marriage by similar command also took place, and the second husband is now in a dying condition. The people could have obtained work but were spellbound by this woman ; several have died, and other j aro reduced to great destitution. A later re port says : — An extraordinary sensational story published relative to the destitu tion of a number of German immigrants at Major's Plains ia shown to be much exag gerated. They arrived recently from Silesia to take up land, but having only very small capital amongst them, fell into indigent circumstances, which they never allowed to become known. English tourist (in Ireland) — 'Tell me waiter, at what hour does the first train leave for ClonneH' Waiter — Is it the furrst train sor ) I'm not rightly shuro. The noin train up used to leave nt half-past noine, but faix it goes at tin now, and there's no furst now nt all at all. But I'll nx at the biirr, sor,' \--It has been said by an eminent medicnl Practitioner in New Orleans, ' give me n supply of ' Weston'8 Wizard Oil,' and ' Magic Pills ' and I will go through tho World and cure nil the disenses the human subject is heir to;' be this as it may, it is an indisputable fact, thai many wonderful cures have been effected by these justly celebrated medicines. For Headache, whether sick or nervous ; Rheumntism, Lumbago, Fnins and Weakness in the Back, Spine, or Kidneys, Fains around the Livor, Pleurisy, Swellings of tho Joiuts, Pains in the Bowels, and for all Nervous nnd Inflammatory aches nnd pains, Wesion's Wizard Oil and magic Pills will afford immediate ease; and their continued uss for a few days will effect a perfect cure, — Advt. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.— Fear Not. — Though surrounded- by circumstances disadvantageous to health, these remedies, properly applied, will out short fevers, in fluenza, inflammation, diphtheria, and a host of other complaints always lurking about to seize on the weak, forlorn, or unwary. The superiority of Holloway's medicines ovor others for subduing disease has been so widely nnd fully proved tbat it is only necessary to ask the afllicted to givo them a trial, and if tbe instructions folded round them be followed, no disappointment will ever ensue, no danger ous consequences result. In hoarseness and ulcerated sore throat the Ointment uhould frequently be rubbed on the neck and upper part of the chest ; it will arrest tbe increasing inflammation, allay disquietude, and gradually euro. — Advu . ? 