the cause of drunkenness. (From National Food and Fuel Reformer.) We might sum up the causes that, lead to over-consumption of alcohol under the follow ing heads : — 1. The want of oxygen is an unde niable cause of drunkenness. The exhilarating medium of life, oxygen itself, is alcoholic, we might say. It is a constant irritant, and there fore exhilarating. If the air has become ex hausted of a portion of oxygen, ithas a lowering effect upon the human system, a desire to make np for this drives men and women to alcoholic consumption". It will be said, why then drunken ness in rural districts ? But no one yet proved that drunkenness was as prevalent in rural dis tricts as in towns, and if it exists there at all, it will be partly caused by the dulness and same ness of life. The system will have exhilaration, and if it cannot have it in t: 3 mode of life it. gets it out of spasmodic and vicious action. 2. Want of nutritious and aromatic food : and this is perhaps the strongest of all causes of drunken ness. The absorbed vitality wants replacing, and in default of being replaced by absorption of solid nourishment, which acts regularly m con junction with systematic functions, a craving for spasmodic stimulents is raised, and leads easily to excess. It. is, however, often not only the want of solid as of aromatic food ; for continual heavy food will exhaust the digestive organs and cause feebleness as much a under-nonrish- ment. producing the over-use of stimulants. A constant use of aromatic foods is necessary, par ticularly in our artificial town life, to form a con tinual stimulating action, and replace the natural exhaustion consequent on the inhalation of viti ated atmospheric air. The volatile oils, contained in stimulating foods, are safeguards against drunkenness or over-consumption of alcohol. 3. Unsettled meals. The ill- regnlated provision for supplying food to the body is a great cause of drunkenness. If exhaustion is not placed re gularly, sudden replacement is required. It is .far easier to run into the publichouse for sixpenny- worth ' of stimulant than to wait till sixpenny- worth of well-cooked food is prepared : and as nature does not like to wait if neglected, the first course is taken, and to a very bad purpose in deed. The stimulant acts momentarily this brings about weakness, and' finally ends in re quiring further and stronger stimulants. It is no use for wives and mothers to exclaim against the drunkenness of their husbands and sons if that which would obviate drunkenness — regular ity of meats— is not attended to. 4. Spasmodic, work. It is possible to draw a line, where to. meet drunkenness and where not, in trade. Re gular occupation and regular hours are pre ventative of exhaustion of vitality, and therefore do not tax the system so heavily as sudden oc cupation at irregular intervals, prolonged beyond endurance. The man who. has to work a long run of hours at a stretch has no taste for regular- food, but flies to spasmodic sustenance ; the man or woman, whose energies are taxed suddenly,, extravagently, and spasmodically, will supply vitality- in the same way by slimulants — they cannot help it, for nature's requirements are ab solute. For such workers peculiar provision ought to be made, since they bring a sacrifice to our civilisation. 5. Want of sleep. There is no . greater foe to sobriety than want of sleep.; it eats into the very marrow. of' vitality. Want of sleep iswant of replacement of energy, and what cannot be obtained in one way. will be obtained in another. Long weakness exhausts the system and requires stimulant action ; when that is called into requisition we are no longer sure of the consequences — they may be one way or an other and the human machine once out of order we must put up with the consequences. Order ! order ! order ! is the- great cry of the Universe. 6. " Ill-regulated vitality.'" We have given this point very moderately, and should like to have characterised it more strongly. All disorderly action is absorbent, and leads to the use of stimu lants to replace it. The youth who has passed his night in debauchery will not be satisfied with a simple breakfast, but will require strong stimu lants to regain his vigour,' in some measure, for daily occupation. Under the same heading will come — 7. Exhaustive pleasures. Pleasure is as yet little understood. Many young people in- towns think pleasure consists "in wild reaction from work. Until we educate for pleasure we cannot hope that young minds are sufficiently re gulated to understand reaction, and exhaustive pleasures act m sucu a manner on the system that they weaken vitality, when reaction would enhance it. Wherever a course of exhaustive pleasure is followed, there must be a stimulating agency take place, and alcohol be unduly re sorted to. 8. Bad teeth. The want of good teeth for mastication is as great a source of drunkenness as any we have named, and in no- other matter can philantrophic action be better employd than in instituting for the working classes and the poorhospitnls' where they may, on- easy terms, supply this need. Unequal masti cation causes bad digestion or want of nourish ment, and both lead to the undue consumption of alcohol- — fornature will be satisfied. 9. Want of cleanliness. Cleanliness exhilarates, dirt de bases. Wherever purity in house, person, and dress exhists, drunkenness will not find a home. Drunkenness is fond of unkempt hair, of un washed skin, of tawdry dress, of unmended clothes. Encourage cleanliness, and you en courage sobriety. 10. Heavy clothing and close room. Among all the minds that have' given., their attention to clothing we have as yet iiiet with none that have regarded seasonable and climatic clothing. 11. Over study, over exer tion, overwork, all condition on undue consump tion of alcohol. 12. Sameness of life. But stag nation is just as bad. Life will have variety, and when that is neglected'we have to create an artificial action. Whether it be the workman in his dull home, the nobleman in his fine duller mansion, it is all . the same. Life will have action, oxgenic change and variety. It yearns for it, and when left unsatisfied takes a wrong course. We may preach wisely about sobriety in all ways, but sobriety need not mean dulness. Dulness revenges itself and causes a state of be ing which, either ends in torper or violent in dulgence. In the London Spectator of August 14 last, (a metropolitan exchange says), we find the follow- ihg paragraph, which we had not seen when we wrote the other day oil the subject of Iceland immigration: — "The Icelanders are appealing for English, help, and appear to deserve it. They are excellent people, alwaysstruggling with their climate,, and they have been this year over whelmed with misfortunes. On Easter Monday a terrific eruption of a volcano in Dyngjiiffgoll covered a whole district with ashes from one to eight inches thick, and destroyed all grass . for the cattle ; and more recently the crater of ;the same group has been pouring out molten lava. The Icelanders unaffected by this visitation can do but little, the Danish Government will appar ently do nothing, and unless fodder is sent from England, all the cattle, will perish. 0 0 ® We rather wonder that some industrious colony like New Zealand, which needs industrious labourers, does not send an agent to Iceland, and see if it would not be possible to tempt away the entire population, to be settled all together in a separate district.- The American agents failed, but they seemed to' think Icelanders could live any where, and offered them homes in Alaska; or some such hopeless region. The Northerners can be happy at home, but when they quit home, they thirst for the South." 