TOWNSVILLE. July 17. [By courtesy of tho Commissioner of Polled Tho escort has arrived with a total of eleven thousand ono hundred and twolve ounces seven pennyweights and ton grains (11,112 ozs. 7 dwts. 10 grs.) gold. ' The Courier' and the AttorneyGene kal.— Our morning contemporary seems to be throwing off all disguise at last, and. ranging itsolf openly on tho side of tho squatters. Tnis morning it has a fierce attack upon the Attornoy-Gonorul for not settling tho questions, of law in connection with the late land cases in our Supreme Court, which have been referred to tho Privy Council. How the Attornoy Gcnnral was to decide these questions is not stated. Tho Courier blames him now for not bringing other cases into tho Supreme Court before tho decision of tho Privy Council is known with respect to tlioao already dealt with, but this is only a pretence. Tho object sought to bo attained evidently is to prepare tho public mind, if possible, for a Quieting of Titles Bill, which will, no doubt, be one of tho first measures of the M'll wraith and Palmer Ministry, and to cause as much dissention in tho Liberal ranks as it well can. We Wo congratulate tho Courier upon its outspoken ness at last. Its attempt to be independent of all political parties was a miBerablo failure ; its efforts to advocato Liberal principles were ludicrous, because it was constantly ' making a mess of it' by going too far, or not going far enough. As the mouthpiece of the Squatting party it will be able to maintain a more even and dignified tone, because in this position it can speak from honest conviction. Financial Prospects in Enoland. — A pri vate letter just to hand, under date London, May 23, says : — ' Very cold weather continues up to this time, but neither frost nor sunshine, nor anything at present, will improve our general prosperity, for we are down in the dumps, and down in tho mud too, bo fur as Stock Exchange matters and all monoy matters are concerned. Present value of money on deposit is 1 per cent, per annum ; first-class bankers' bills If per cent, per annum discount — any- thing else than this class declined at any rate. Fear runs through everything, and we fear a good many failures will take place before June is out. Mincing Lane and Lloyd& are the two places feared most. Stock Exchange mat ters have come to a fearful depreciation, and stocks have depreciated a hundred and fifty millions during the last nine months. In 1SC6 we had a storm and cleared the air very soon ; now it hangs about to frighten people, and no doubt at last to flash out and burst over many. Although the Queen has been proclaimed '.Empress of India ' we do not like it, and the present Government are getting into hot water and it will end in their losing their places and' a good deal of unpleasantness for the Queen, who, it is understood, wished for the change and new title.' Bowen Bridge Road School. — Tho number of pupils at the abovo school is now so large that Lady Cocklo has found it necessary to make tho annual treat at Oakwal a double one for boys and girls respectively, at differenj. seasons. Accordingly the boys, to tho numbo of 130, marched from tho school house at 2 p.m. yesterday to tho seat of Sir James Cockle, where they wero received by her ladyship and numorous visitors, among whom were Sir Maurice O'Connoll, Captain Whish^ Mr. Swan, Mesdamcs Swan, Seymour, Brown, nnd Gordon. Out-door games wero then engaged in till about 4 p.m., ?when tea was discussed with the usual zest, tlio good things being as good and plentiful as ever under the deft catering of Mr. Baldwin. Sports were afterwards continued till dark, when the young folk wero again mustered for refreshments and lollies; after which followed the singing of tho National Anthom, and hearty cheers for Sir James and Lady Cocklo, and tho visitors. The youngsters thon departed for home quite full of the feast, but not quite so orderly as they had come. : .' ? The Pkal of Bells Bazaar. — Tho bazaar nt the School of Arts for tho peal of bells closed last night. It waB vory ?well attended, and as Boon as tho regular sales were concluded tho unsold artiolea -were put up to auction by Mr. Hamilton Scott. Tho following wore the takings during the timo tho bazaar was open : Wednesday, .-C83 12s. 8d. ; Thursday, £107 8s. Cd. ; Friduj, £38 17s. 2d. ; Saturday, £00 8s. 2d. ; Monday, £125 2s. 3d. ; making a total of £415 8s. 9d.; ' Public Opinion: at Cooktown. — In order to ascertain, if possiblo, what ground, if any, there was 'for the report that ' public opinion at Cooktown was strongly in favour of Mr. M'Jlwraith s : want of confidenco motion,' wo, wired to our correspondent, and [received tho following reply too lato for yesterday's issue: — ' Cooktown, 5.50 p.m., July 17. — Thorn has gained popularity by . performing . somo promises ho mado here, but Palmer is tho favourite. There has been no public meeting and no strong expression of ' public opinion on tho subject.' ! ',', , '.'. ' M' '' The Hodgkinbon Reefs. — A; large lot of rioh quartz specimens from soveral of the reefs at tho Hodgkinson gold-field, are. now on view at tho' offico'bf Messrs. Fenwick and Scott. Somo of tho specimens are covered ?with gold, ?which appeal's to thoroughly impregnate the stone. The spocimons wore brought down by a gentleman who is, wo beliove, thoroughly versed in gold mining. Ho describes tho reefs gonerally as being largo and well defined, and improving: in appearance as the ground is opened up. Judging from those handsome specimens, thoro is ovidently a bright future in store for the Hodgkinson, when the reefs are further developed, and propor machinery is placed on the field. A New MAr op Morbton. — Wo have just roceived from tho Under Secretary for Lands the first sheot of a now lithograph map of tho Moroton district, drawn on a scale of two miles to the inoh. Tho sheot before us commences at Point Danger, follows the southern boundary of the colony to the heads of tho Logan— New Yoot'b Creek and Running Creek — and up tho coast to somo distanoo abovo tho mouth of tho Logan River, and inland to Oxley Creok. Tho map iB admirably lithographed, every lino and figuro being clearly markod, and oaoily read. Evory lot of alienated land is marked and numbored, and all details given -which are necessary to a clear comprehension of tho geography nnd topography of the portion of tho colony it includes. Examination in Insolvency. — In the estate of Hugh Moffatt, an examination will bo held boforo tho Polico Magistrate, 4ptH o'clock to morrow morning at the City Police Court. Social Lodge Meeting. — On tho'; 12th. instant, at their hall, Boggo,'thbBoyne (No. 15)' Orango Lodgt-, hold their annual social gather ing, whioh waB largoly attondod.' After ample justico had boon dono to tho good cheer pro vided by tho Grand Mastor, tho hall was cleared and donoing and singing was carried on vigor ously until tho early morn, when every ono dispersed after having spont a most enjoyable time. : Cricket Ball. — Orickotora aro remiuded that tho ball given by tho mombers of the «'jwu uuubdm uiuu tYiu uiku piuuu ui tne School of Arts to-morrow night. The entrance from Creek-street -will be open at half-past 8 o'clock, whoro holders of tickets., will be ad mitted. Danoing will, commence at d, o'clock harp, and an adjournment for rofro'shm onts will take plaoo at half-p,ast 11 o'clock. Tho sladies' reading-room will bo tho cloak-room for the ladies. ? Lunatic Asylum, Woooaroo.— Tho follow-; ing is the report of the stato of tho asylum for the week onding . July. 16, 1876 : — In tho house atlast report, 237 males, 131 females; since admitted, 1 female ; discharged, 1 male ; died, 1 male ; remaining, 235 males, 132 females. Total, 367. Tho death mentioned was that of George Wray, aged 41 yonrs, late of Mackay, from apoploxy, which occurred on tho 15th instant. Immigrants hy the City op Agra.— By tho Edina, s.a., from Maryborough, there arrived this morning from the City of Agra thirty three married couples, five single men, and thirty-seven single girls. The majority of these aro now ?waiting engagement at the Dep6t. Tho balance of passengers to come down to Brisbane are expected to arrive by the s.B. Queensland. Died at Cooktown. — Tho Cooktown Herald of July 8 notices tho death of Mr. Kean nt that place on tho 6th instant. It would seem that the death took placo somewhat suddenly, as deceased was walking out on the previous Sunday. Mr. Kean was woll-known in Bris bane, whero ho was in business for some time as a grocer. His funeral was largoly attended, moBt of the stores in Cooktown partially closed, and othor publio marks of respect were shown. The Weather.— At Allora and Inglewood it was reported raining this morning. The other Queensland stations report fine, cloudy, and like rain— cloudy being the predominating ckaractcr of tho present weather. There is no report from the other colonies. The Theatre. — The second performance of '' Checkmate' drewtothotheatrealargeandienco amongst whom was His Excellency the Gover nor. The piece was, as before, capitally acted, and tho actors wero frequently applauded, while laughter could bo heard throughout. In our first notice of thiB comedy wo omitted to men tion that Mr. Seagravo made a very comical little 'bit' of tho waiter Henri/. He was not, how ever, so much tho hotel waiter as the ' genteel family' footman. His make-up was capital, but his livery was out of character. All the minor parts were fairly filled. We regretted to find Bomo objectionable low comedy expressions— not the author's — introduced by a leading comic actor. In the 'Two Gregories' Madame Drulin afforded the audi ence a good 6pochxen of French stage spright liness. With Madame Drulin her very features act. Her broken English gives decided piquancy to her part. Both pieces -will be re peated this evoning. Mrs. Wilkie's Farewell Con-cert. — This favourite singer will 'appear this evening for the last timo boforc a Brisbane audience, and, bearing this in mind, her numerous friends will doubtless muster in forco at the School of Aits, te testify their appreciation of tho many efforts mado by this lady during a long period past to gratify thorn. But putting aside the merits of the Mntficiairc, tho concert itself should provo a vory attractive one. In tho first place the mombers of tho Musical Union give their services, while tho programme decided on is a first rnto one. Tho first part will include a selection of tho best 'numbers' of the ' Seasons,' while the second will consist of the very lively operotta, ' Tho Merrie men of Sher wood Forest.' The Weather.— Tho reading of the baro meter at the Observatory, at Wickham Terrace Ht 9 o'clock this morning, was 29-8 ;48 Wind S.W. During tho previous twenty-four hours, the reading ot mo tnormometers (Beltregister ing) gavo 'highest in shado73-; and in the sun 02:; tho loweBt in shade 49'; and on grass, 48- . Tho rainfall during twenty-four hours was nil. Tho velocity of wind, 120 miles. . ? ? The Ipswioh Waterworks. — Wo (Queens land Times of July 18) nro glad to bo able to state that operations have at last been com menced on our local waterworks. On Thurs day morning last tho engineer in chargo of the works — Mr. Highfield — accompanied by the contractor and a fow other gentlemen, pro ceeded to tho Brisbane River for the purpose of examining the sites of the reservoir and the shaft nnd tuDnel. Tho reservoir, as we stated on a previous occasion, will contain 380,000 gallons of water, and is situated at nn elova tion of 233 feet abovo tho river lovel. Tlio water will bo forced into the reservoir by a thirty horso-power ongino. There are several indications of tho locality being rich in coal deposits, and a short distanco from the site of the reservoir a very fino outcrop of this valuable mineral may bo plainly seen ; and wo under stand that tho shaft will be sunk through a seam of coal, tho outcrop of which is observable on tho bank of tho river. Tho portion of the Brisbane from which tho water will be brought is ono of the host that could havo been chosen, and is only a littlo over three miles from town. Had tho whole of the material necessary been procurablo in the colony, tho works could have been complotod in about twelve months, but in consequonco of tho delay whioh will be caused through having to Bond to England for the machinery, &o.;, it is oxpectod that it will bo about fifteon months before they will be com pleted. So groat will bo tho bonefit conformed upon the inhabitants, howovor, in tho magnifi cent supply of puro water which will be brought to their doors, that wo can with pleasure afford to wait so short a period. The Prince op Wales' Sca-tdals. — The following illustration of how stories nro fabricated about tho Royal family of England is sent to tha Times of India by its Cairo corres pondent: — ' Ono day a gontleman came up to mo at Shepherd's Hotel and said, ' I saw the Princo of Wales riding through the Turkish bazaar on a donkoy with ono of the ballot dancers. Is it not disgraceful ?' ' Aro you sure tho lady was a ballot dancer ?' ' Thoro could bo no mistake,' ho said. Now I happened to meet tho Prince that vory day riding on his donkey with tho lady in question, and who do you think tho ballet dancor waB? Tho CountosB Danischiold, u member of tho Danish Royal family, and consequently a connection of the Princo'B. She is young, clovor, and handEome, and oxtromoly intorcBting. Sho is in deep mourning for her hus band, who died horo abont three months ago. Sho accompanied him for three successive winters to Egypt, and attended him with, tho utmost care and assiduity. Sho met with an unfortunato accident shortly after his death, from which she has only latclyrecovored. Sho wont to placo an immortelle on his grave, and tho largo nrnrblo cross which stood at itj head, having boon imperfectly fixed, fell on her, and hurt her very much. Sho speaks Arabic fluently, and acted very efficiently us a Drago ?woman (Dragomat I supposo is tho fominino of 8-Dragoman) to His Royal Highness, making somo good bargains for him. Tho only other lady who went to tho bazaars with tho Princo was the Duchcaso do Porsigny, who I dare Bay was set down to be an opera singor, or an actress.' 