THE WAR IN TURKEY. The Torres straits mail, although brinsjin'* European news to the 13th August, has few items «f intelligence that were not antici pated by the Associated Press telegrams. The excitement respecting the Bulgarian otursges seems to be gathering strength in London, and there is some danger that the incessant intermeddling by irresponsible per sons with affairs of great importance mar embarrass the Government. On reading the de clamations of Sir Chas. Dilke. Sir. Gladstone. Mr. Jacob Bright and other Quakers about the apathy of the Government respecting tiia affairs of Turkey, one would suppose that Her Majesty a Government :s re.cponsible for every atrocity committed iu that country. There is very little doubt that murders, buniings. and all the other crimes that are usually , committed by victorious troops in times of civil war are not omitted there, j Tales of horror and atrocious crimes against ' women and helpless children are always re pugnant to the feelings of a generous-hearted race , like, . the people : of- England,., and yet human nature is so constituted that men seek for such horrible stories with avidity, and take a ? mournful pleasure in dwelling on them.. The more dreadful the crimes are, the greater will be the anxiety to learn every circumstance, even the niiautest, i conuecied with them. .This inorbid. feeling ! is gratified to the full by the London press; each journal hiring its own special corres pondent at the seat of war. Of course, the paper that can'a more dreadful" tale unfold" than the others will have the most sale/ so there, is .a. real commercial object to be served by stimulating the appetite of John Bull with - ^.hottest condiments that can be invented, and then appeasing-.his thirst with ample draughts of blood. The Daily A'eua &U; been more renowned for this" exaggeration than the other London journals; '.and, not withstanding the-; repeated,; assurance of; the .Government that everythingiias been done by its agents in Turkey to impress on the Ottoman authorities . a' feeling of hu manity- towards the insurgents,- ihe- special cc>rr."P£>u^ants ^f? bsliereil, and the-Go vernment saiidred~witk^tt^e blame. Ifowj tfcw is really averyunreasonable view to take^of-tW functions of i ihet British Government'" to wards a foreign aud"-indepea-; dent ststt Even if ail! the crimes that tie' most rabid correspondent says, are committed there really ; were perpetrated, howl could Lord Bsaconfield's . Government be made responsible When, during the suppression 'of the mu titiy in India, the criming were deservedly punish-d by being blown-in dozens from the mouths of -cahnois, what wouid be the re ply of the Government if the Graud Turk or the King of Kings, the Persian monarch, directed Lord Canning or Lord Olive to stay his hand and regulate the punishment, not according to the judgment ot the British Government, but the will of the Oriental potentate. If the crimes that usually attend erery war; and are never absent from civil wars, are now committed in Bulgaria, those people who fomented the insurrection fur their own selfish objects should be responsible, and not the British Government The Russians were tnaiuly instrumental iu producing this internecine war, and all the crimes committed in connection with it should be laid at the door of that Government When the blow aimed at tHe iutegrity of Turkey (which was guaranteed by the treaty of Paris) was averted by the finauess of Mr. Disraeli and Lord Derby, the Russians assumed a new line of tactics. They induced the unfortu nate Prince of Servia to declare war against his suzerain, and he therefore became a rebel, like the others in arms aiiaiust the Porte. The Servians are now beaten, milch to our regret, we must admit, but where are themen who encouraged Prince Milan to dedare war? The Russians are willing evi dently to strike at the " sick man." but their hearts fail them, although supported by the j sympathy of the two other imperial poten- | tates, as long as England insists on the non-intervention of any foreign power ac tirely in Turkish affairs. Had she done so herself, as these London orators desire, how could England consistently prcTeut Russia and Austria from doing so also > Ever since Lord Russell threatened Austria and Prussia at the time of the Danish war. and then re ceded from the position he t >ok up, the prestige of England iras ainkitiir in Europe. The . treaty of Paris -.vas rent asunder when Air. Gladstone held the reins of power by Russia abrogating the neutrality of the Euxine sea. Now, when, through the cour age and firmness of Disraeli and Derbv. England h?-s, by a bound, sprumr up from that position degradation, and as sumed her natural place at the head I of the nations of the world, these intermeddling men come forward, and seem to desire to puii iter back again. if this un fortunate Prince Milan had not been leu astray by evii counsel, it is very probable ' that the partial independence of the north western provinces of Turkey tvoula hare i been established by peaceful diplomatic : action. Even as matters now stand, we i hope that object will be attained, but it \ cannot be denied that the ambitious design i of the Servian ruler iias rendered that d=sir j abie termination of the cc-atest inu.-h more ! diScult than before he assumed hostilities. \- - par.Li.c>tk>i.- In the LejisiatiTC Council Ttsteri.-.y, after some preiiaiiaarr business, the juries L.f.v Amendment Bill was recaaimitted, ; and some amendments baring been inserted the : bn'i was reported, and tnc adoption of the report i made an order of the day for Tuesday next. : The Supreme Court Jurisdiction Procedure Bill i was read a second tira:, and committed. The . consideration of the measure was postponed ou I the suggestion of Sir C. Sladeu, in consequence | of the ar-seace of the It^al members of the House. Some other business having been dis ; posed of, the House adjourned until Tuesday. In the Lesisiiitive Assembir, several questions ' ha-Ting been asked and repiic-d to, Mr. Purres ! moved for leave to brie? in a biii to provide re dress for words imputing uiichastity to a female. Mr. MacDermott obtained leave to brim: in a biil to amend the iaws relating to the admisr-ion of attorneys to practice in the Supreme Court. ? The pharmacy Biil was then considered in com ! mittee. The measure was opposed by Mr. ! I,ougmere and -Mr. Gaunscn. Mr. Ktrferd ) obtatsed ieavt to brio- in a bill :o enable the j town of Staweii to construct waterworks, which | was read a first time. The House theij went : into eonitalttee, for the further eon-iier-iiou of : the K:ect'jn-i Kill. The five re:uai::ic/ (tUiriots t in the schedule were pav-u-d siithoat alteration, ; eicttvt in the 'aast of %VlilhimstofSi, in -vhich it was a^rted mat I' ?>.' ~j* o- ^ 1 :i r; 1 *.d ; from the district. The House afterwards went ; into fj/itamitttc of Supply. MitEt.v' Atc.'.'.EM ho-jtii -The members ; si the MIoeiV Ats-ooiation Acoidest liteiety are | requested. by advertisement in another column, : to attend a ^pfhal nieeliu;/ on Saturday uijh:, i tor the e-fcotior; of p: a'.ivLi itii'i trustees, and ' ether importiit bu±i~-e;i. I.VGLEWOOD KAILW.VT.-Our Inglewood COl : respondent writes:-Mr. Doran's engineer (Mr. Gibbon) has assured me that everything iu j connection with his contract will he ready for j opening^the line on the 27th instant. ^ ! CITV POLICE Corur.-Messrs. Woodward, j Cohn, anj Connelly. Js.P., presided at this j court yesterday.' Marr'Toun^ was charged with ! making use of indecent language in a public J -street. She vras also charged with hcin;j an idle ,^id disorderly person. It was proved that she had bts-n convicted twenty times by the bench for various offences, and was a perfect nuisance to society. For the rirst offence she was fined 40s., or fourteen days' imprissumer.t, and for the second she" was sentenced to six days* im prisonment. A woman named Mary l)aiy was ordered to be forwarded to the Kew Asylum as a lunatic. A number of rate oases were disposed . of, and the court adjourned. SUDDEN DEATH. - The district coroner held an inquest at the Bendigo Hospital yesterday on the body of John Ware, aged fifty years, who died suddeuly at the Bendigo Hospital on the 3rd instant. Dr. Hinchcliff deposed that the deceased was admitted into the hospital at about half-past three o'clock on the previous day, in an unconscious state, and unable to swallow anything. He remained completely insensible until ten o'clock the same night, when he died. He had made a post mortem examination of the body, and found the cause of death to be san- guineous apoplexy. Thomasine Ware, widow of deceased, stated that she was married to him twenty-seven years ago, in St. George's, in the borough of London. He had for some time past been keeping a fishmonger's shop in High-street, and during the afternoon of the previous day she had occasion to visit the shop, when she found he had fallen on the floor as though in a fit. She sent for Dr. Penfold, and he ordered his immediate removal to the hospital. For the last three mouths he had complained of a heavy, drowsy, pressing pain on the top of his head. William Blythe, nephew of deceased, gave similar evidence. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medi- cal testimony. THE WEATHER yesterday was very sultry and disagreeable. The wind was blowing most part of the day with great force, raising ciouds of blinding dust, and making outdoor exercise Terr unpleasant. A littie more rain is still wanted, as the crops are again beginning to feel the effects of the dry weather. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Oo.'s, Pall Mall, as follows:-9 a.m.. 5S = ; noon, "7°; 3 p.m, 77 ° ; 6 p.m., 66 5 : maximum, 81 = ; mini mum. 45°. Barometer--3a.m., 29-410; 6 p.m., 29-300. FIRE BRIGADE COMPETITION.-The Maldon Fire Brigade yesterday celebrated their anni versary at Maldon by a friendly competition, to which the Maryborough, Eaglehawk, Long Gully and other brigades were invited. The affair proved to be a very enjoyable one. A telegram was received last evening, stating that the'Baglehawk Brigade had taken first honors/in ladder practice, and the second prize in hose. A concert was to come off io-the evening, at which a number of local amateurs were to take part. I AN UNPLEASANT CASE.-Our Ingle wood cor respondent says:-The County Court case of Thompson T. ltyan-reported in another column -has caused considerable sensatiou in this town, owing to the position, occupied by Mr. jhomp? son-that of head-teacher to , the .State'school. People who have known this gentleman for many years as an efficient tocher- of the young,. and an honest citizen," are astonished to hear him accused, of such heinous crimes as .forgery and pe'rjurjVand1 hope arid believe he will te able to clear himself. ; SCHOOL OF'MIXK.-We have been requested, to state, for the information pf the students ;in the mining, geological, and mineralogical classes, that the course of instruction now commencing is as follows:-Mining- Class-Introductory lectured Geology-Tuition how to draw';uridec-' ground and other geological plans.. Mineralogy" -Rudi.ucnts. The hours to be ascertained from the registrar. ...... PEDESTHIANISIL-The quarter-mile race be tween Arthur Allsop, of Sandhurst, and William Watts, of Huntly, for £24, catne yesterday on the Epsom Racecourse, about five hundred' persons being present to wituess the race. Both | men have been in active training for some time | past, and the race has caused considerable ex citement amongst tbe sportiug section of the community. From the time of the making of the match until Tuesday Allsop had been thi favorite; but reports being circulated about his opponent having done a remarkably good trial, .combined with the fact of Allsop having beeu attacked with dysentery, he receded in the betting, and Watts became the favorite. All the preliminaries . having been arranged, Mr. Wakley, who officiated as starter, sent the men off to a very fair start, Allsop immediate1? cut out the running, and before 200 yards had "been covered he had established a clear lead of about ,10 yards, au advantage which he maintained to the end of the race, winning with ease. The Itfirie was 53J seconds, which may be considered :goo'd, especially when the heaviness of the csurse is taken iuto consideration. Mr. E. Ncill wai umpire for Ailsop. Mr. Jones, of Epsom, acting in a similar capacity for Watts, aad.Mr. Smith, of the Bank of Australasia, was referee. The stakes were paid over by' Mr. Clegg, the stakeholder, last evening. A fait amount of money ehauged hands on the eveut. MEETING THIS DAT.-South Belle Tue, Cole. 7.30. SOIBEK.-An anniversary dinner in connection with the Loyai Gold Miners' Pride Lodge, M.U.I.U.O.I., w;il take place this eveniug, in the United Kingdom liotel, Golden-square, com- I mencing at 7 30 p.m. At tea o'clock dancing ' will commence. CANAL SCHEME.-This evening a public meet ing in connection with the Xortii- Westeni Canal scheme will be held in the Town lla.ll, Eagle hawk, at eight o'clock. COERECTIOX.-Messrs. Buttle and Jackson haTe requested us to correct a typographical error which occurred in a letter signed by them, and which was published in our issue of yesterday. In a quotation it was printed, " Keep the inventor when an opportunity offers o£ doing so with propriety." The word keep should hare been Death I>' THE Hsji'ITAL -Anne Brunston, aged sixty rears, admitted iuto the Bendigo Hospital on the 23rd of August, died yesterday from heart disease and pneumonia. BATTALION PAKADE.-Yesterday afternoon a parade of the Xcrth-Western Battalion of Rifles took place at Sandhurst, under command of Lieut.-Colonel Bull. The Castlemaine, Kyneton, aud Malmsburr men arrived by the 4 15 p.m. train, and were received at the railway station by the liendigo Kifies. when the whole were immediately marched oS to that portion of the Camp Reserve facing the Five Lions Hotel, where the parade was held. This ground has been fenced in for the vast two years, and is now covered with a green sward, making it exceed- j ingiy suitable for the purpose of volunteer drill, j The la-r^re number of juveniles present, however, I materially interfered with the movements of the bitu'iou, while their vociferous shouts fre quently drowned the word; of command. A fen' police could easily have preserved order and restrained the public to the high ground, thus leaving the low ground free for the manoeuvres of the volunteer; The attend ance of the members of the various corps i which comprise the Xor:h-Western Battalion was ' limited, there being oniy about 1 s'j of ai! ranks present, inclusive of the Becuigo Volunteer Bind, under the leadership of Bandmaster Northcott. who headed the column in its march to the Kescrve. and also played in go vi style during the " marching past.'' The men were tola off into four companies, under the charge; of Captains Blacklmro, Courtney. Andetsoa, and Thirkettie; Majors Joseph and Aitken occupying their respective positions. Colonel Bui!, and subsequently the Majors, driiied the battalion f in a variety of movements, comprising deploy j meats, changes of front, and formation of line echeior., etc. some of the movements were rather loosely executed, and which Colonel Bail, at the termination of the jwrade, drew attention to, besides cautioning some of the men as to the state of their belts, which he remarked were in anything but a creditable conditio:;. At the conclusion of thedriil the column was marched to the Railway Siniou, where the parade was dismissed, the visitors returning home by the 7.15 p.m. train. | "THE Melbol'kke Review."-We have to ! acknowledge the receipt from the publisher, Mr. I Samuel Mmleo, of ihe Melbourne Rc-itw for [ October. From the brief glance we have been j | enabled to take of the contents., they appear to be of great interest. The pre-ent number opens ; with " A Preliminary Cuspter in the Politi cal Ilist-jry of Victoria," by sir C. G. Duffy. The next paper is from the pen of Mr. K. ij. J Kllery, and is entitled, .' Twelve Months' Leave." The other contributors are /diss Sper.ee, who gives a sketch of the life and works of Sir Richard Hansen, late Chief Justice of South Australia: Mr. Marcus Clarke, who gives an account of the explorations of Abel Jansen Tasman, the discoverer of Tasuiauia; }diss M. A. Hearn, whose theme is " Shakes peare; His Life and Plays"; and Mr. F. G. Ferani, who writes on '. The Farts of Speech." .' The Coionia! Question" is discussed at some j length, and the work ends with critical notices of Australian books. This excellent magazine is i published quarterly, and its price is two shillings and sixpence. Atsr kalian X AT tv-;s' Association.- A genera: meeting of members of the above asso ciation wiil be held to-night, at eight o'clock, fur the purpose of appointing a trustee. A fail attendance of members is requested. THE A.B.C. Cude.-We nave received from j the publishers, Messrs. Gordon and Ci.-.i'j, the j .' A.B.C. Guide" for the current month . THE Raii.WATS.-A return was presented by ; Mr. Jones to the Assembly en Tuesday evening, shriwins the total available rolling stock on ihe Victorian Railways. There are £5 goods and 55 passenger locomotives, 204 carriage;, 1,377 wag gons (including sueep and cattle trucks), 94 ; vans, 25 horse bases, 2'i carriage- trucks. Arj-u:. ROWING MATCH-A rowing match took place at the Grassy l-'lat Reservoir yesterday atter noon. for a ciip offered l>v Mr. llamson, of the Bnil's Head Hotel, Grassy Plat. The match was between Hoskiiis atid \WodruJT (wopdeartcrs), ami Giles and Msckay ^wino and spirit trades, the former winning the pri.-.e. Die attendance of spectators was not rery numerous, £ Heady acted as judge, and Mr. Burrowes as starter. - , Tim CHRYSOLITE COLT-The Tmen a«d Counlru writes:-The unfortunate"Chrysolites colt ami Redwood continue to make but very small progress towards recovery, and have uot yet been able to remove to Kandwick, as we thought they would last week. , As they move gingerly along Kirfc's Bazaar by day*, lliey *3ook very unlike going into work, aiid^ wefoar it will be six months hefore theyareevenlegitimatcly put into what is properly-;understood by tho term " walking exercise." SMART,!-A f*w,,days »gp a.niine,.and..plant were to neighboring town. Now, although the company had becn^unsuccessful; jn-itsoperations^Uicr^ \- was general cooftdcace tusit the mine Uau a fair prospect under better: management. And ot rcourse there were serwal probable buyers from other raiuihgcfentrcs. Cut one ot them; had figuratively got up an hour earlier th:.n the rest, -; lie, like the other, hsd srrivcd witli a lirgecrcdit on the .one branch bank' the "iowiy pVittcsscd.; Having ascertained .that the amount of coin atid notes in thebankwjissome >£2,000^ he presented himself at the conntor on the' day of sale at tea o'fclock t punctually ?; X*ud . .by using his letter of credit drew it all oufcf -notes, silxcr, and gold-leaving nilhitig be^ hind him but copper. . The amount wajyof course, much larger than he "was likely to needs But when the other intending buyers presented', their credits at the bank the manager deeply re gretted that he couldn't accommodate-them r with cash-he would, if they wished, telegraph - to head offices st once, &c.; But -uu fortunately': the sale was to take olace at eleven o'clock, and the term at Sheriff's sale is cash. That.wa.s_ why the man who knew his way about' was» waiting round the township with pockets hulgei out with money he didn't need, so that no one else could comply with the conditions of sale. His shrewdness was rewarded by a pur-' chase at his own price. Xo one in the place but himself could make a cash payment,-Clunes, Guardian. SLANDER.-The Ballctrat Star mentions that, two weli-known men at the Corner bad a pas-, sage of words there on Monday, the result of which is a demand by one of an ample public apology from the other undei pain of proceed-' ings at law, the alleged slander having been public. Possibly peace may yet be made be-, tween the parties, but up to Tuesday the fire" was burning rather strong, and law was ? threatened if the required apology was not forth-? coming. ' PARLIAMENT.-The proceedings in the Legis lative Assembly on Tuesday night (says the. Telegraph J were very peculiar, the whole of the. tiuie being devoted to debating a proposal of the Government, but against which the Ministry and.. its supporters ultimately voted. In order to" dispose of the various measures which were" specified by tho Premier on Thursday last as.' the programme ot the Ministry for the re mainder of the session, Sir Jas. M'Culloch pro-; posed last night that the House should meet oii Monday. The motion was opposed >by Mr. Berry and other members of the Opposition, and; Sir: Charles Gavan Duffy and Xlr. Casey contended that hon. members should only be; asked to attend on a fourth. .day. on the under-:, standing that facilitating the business "on"'that day would lead to an early dissolution, Mr;''' StcTrart, on the Ministerial side, opposed the, proposition, as being, unfair to country \nicm-: bers*, and two amendme'nts were submitted-one '. by Mr.' Muhroi that" the 'days' of; meeting-should i remain as they are, but that'the House' should» meet at half- pait' two o'clock, arid Mr MacBain'. proposed that no alteration should be made in the: days, but that new Government business should ' be taken after 11-o'clock. -The feeling of the House being evidently against the proposal of the Ministry, Sir James M'CuUocii accepted the amendment of. the hoii./iuembcr for the ,\Vim niera, and, after a long debate, the origiual motion, that the:House should meet on Monday, was put- and negatived, the Government voting against: it. Mr ; Munro's" amendment ;,was also negatived, kind finally lhat of Mr MacBain was carried shortly after 11 o'clock, and the House adjourned. "-- r MARIXK DISASTERS.-The searching^ along the beach for the crew of the Eluigrove (says the Gij>psland Standard) have set all doubts at rest iu.regard tp. tlie_wrMk of _another_ship^of considerable size. Messrs. " Williams * and*" Mariano (tiro of: the searchers from Port Albert) sailed round the spot, where, at a dis tance of about 500 yards from the shore,.lies the. hull of a ship iu five fathoms of water at high-, tide. Very little has been washed ashore, but with the first gale from the south-east it' is highly likely that the hull of the unknown vessel will be parted, and the contents' be ' dis ( tributed along the coast for the benefit of ad I venturous cruisers. * I . ACCIDENT TO SIB W. 1\ MITCHELL-The , Kyneton Observer reports that as Sir William F. Mitchell, President of the Legislature Council, j vras driving into Kynctou on Monday, by some accident the reins got entanged with the tail of 1 one of the horses. The coachman essayed" lb twitch them free, when the horse, by a jerk, forced them from his hands, dad the team were' left to their own cuidance. The coachman in-, stintly, whiic the carriage was moving, sprang" from his seat to the ground and rushed to grasp the horses'heads and recover the reins,.bat iu his haste tripped and fell, while the animals dashed oft After running some distance, they came tu contact with a stump, and the vehicle was overturned, without, however, arresting the team, who contiuued their course until stopped near the cemetery. The carriage was badly in jured, but Sir William, by a miracle, escaped without injury, and rode into town in a massing cart. The nominal strength of the Russian army is about 1,30l?,000 on the war footing, and 765,000 on the peace footing, to which latter must be added 190,000 Cossacks on military The old mania for Persian cats with long tails has again broken out amongst the Diawios of Japan. An enterprising captain of a mer chant Vessel sold three a short time ago for 1,300 dollars. DISSOLUTION or PARLIAMENT.-A strenuous effort was made on Tuesday night on the Oppo sition side of the Assembly* to extract a promise from the Government- that the House would be dissolved as soon as possible after the prorogation. Mr. Berry led the way, aud he was supported by Sir Charles Gavan Dully, who contended that as the Ministry had withheld important measures because it was admitted the House could not deal with them, it was constitutionally impera tive that an appeal should be made to the people without delay. Mr. Casey argued iu the same direction, and rinaily Major Smith stated that the Opposition would suppert the motion which was Wing discussed, thai of meeting on Mon davs, provided the Government would promise to' dissolve the House before the end of February. Sir James M'Cuibch. however, was vr-.rv decided in his refusal, slating that he " would give no ssch pledge,'-' and that he de clined to enter into any compact or treaty with tbe gentlemen sitting opposite him. Tms an nouncement was received with loud cheers from the Government supporters, and as loud laugh tor from the other side.-Telegraph. DONE.-Just previous to the ra:e for the Liver pool Cup, which took place at Aimrcc in Juiy, one of the most extraordinary practical jokes was played by a lot of weighers upon their rather suspicious victims. It appears that the gang in question had been busily engaged for two or three hours p-otiing the favorites like mad, and, contrary to law and order, pocketing the money in advance ; their bag; were well-nigh fail, and the clients were beginning to have same mis givings, and so, in order to cut oil' retreat, they formed themselves into a co-operative defensive society, ana surrounded the apparently uncon scious weishers with a cordon of backers ; but the wclshers were not to be done. Ali of a sudden just as tbe numbers were going up for the Cup, two men looking like deiceiivts, appeared on the scene, and after some considerable roughness marched u£ the weUhers, bag and baggage, piaced them iu cabs, and drove them away m the very faces of their victims, who appeared dumb founded, nor did they arou=e themselves before the thijres were well on their way to LiTerv-tmi, when it was suddenly discovered that the "sup posed detectives were no detectives at ail, but simply a couple of the gin?.- As the correspon dent to the Australasian trulv observes, "If people will fly in the face of the law and bet with such scoundrels they deserve no t;ity.!" TBE Kei-rt.o- GATSILY-Th- desire of Gaiely, the nangman, to ot/ain quarters fur hir;ise:If and wife in the gaol wiil be probably acceded to (savs the Act) for some "time to come. On Tuesday, at nine o'clock a.ui., as James Walsh, a carter employed at the Botanical Gardens, was loading his dray near the Immigrants' Home, he was asiccd by one or two women who accom pany and consort with Gattly to give her a fis of tobacco. Walsh refused to da to. on which Gaiely broke a rail out or a fence close bv and struck at Walsh with it. The Utter held up his arm to waru oit the "mow, but was knocked down. On attempting ;o rise he was rushed at by Gaiely, who bit bun sev~relv on one of his cheeks, nearly taking the niece cut. Walsh ultimately succeeded in gelling free, but was stoned by the two women as he was getting away. Walsh bad to be attended to bv'a =,!r°L geoa, .and is so much hurt that he will not be able to attend at the court to- uay. Having re ceived information of the matter, Senicr-con stabie -Hamilton obtained warrant; for the apprehension of the trio, and at about three p.ci. he arrested Gately's ^ite and the other worn in, tvho is named Mary Ann Greenwood", on the charge of vagraney. Meanwhile Gately had also been apprehended, and was charged at the city lock-up by Senior-constable Hamilton with violent asreuit. 