Sh* 9ú$tmt (ßmx'm. was 32 [PUBLISHED DAILY.l Monday« December l8, 187G. AN intet colonial conference, on the subject of duplicité cible connection with Europe, Ins been some time in contempla tion, and a lite telegiam from Melbourne stites tint the confeicnco his been de cided on, ind will be held oithei at Melbourne 01 Hobirt Tow n in the course of no\t month It may theioforo bo assumed that in undcistanding to that effect Ins been igrced to by the principal colonies The two pioposils of the Elstern Ex tension, Austithsia, ind China Telegraph Coinpiny (limited), with rcgird to this mattei, hat o now been sometime bofore the public, ind will piobibly form the chief subject of discussion at the con ference The first of these pioposils wis submitted to the Impeual Government, ind i elites to the lajmg of a cable between Penang ind Iîmgoon, for tho purposo of duplicating commumcition between the fust named place ind the telcgiaph sjstetn of India, and thonco westwiid to London by the Eastern Com panys cibler Tn lefeience to this pioposil, tho Austuil isiiu colonies weio communieitcd with by Eui Carnanon, with 1 \iew to their joining in tho io quit ed subsidy to the Elstern E\tcnsion Compiii) Tho tenor of the replies to his loidslup s despatch has not tianspned, except with îegiid to that of the South Austiilnn Go\eminent, which is explicit ind leisomble, ind probably substanti illj the same as all tho otheis Ihc reply refeircd to lins been sent homo by Govcmoi Musgnvc, and the pith of it is as follows - My Ministers regard tho question as a \erj comprcheusitu one out of which others will arise which can onlj be settled by communie i tion, or probably conference, with the Govern monts of tho otlior colonies lhoy look upon the lino pioi osed between Hnngoon and Pcmng or Singapoio as of ye it importance, and one which might well be supported by the lni[ enid and Indian 0 ivernments but as the Australian colonies and New Aalaud ttill probiblj hate to subsidise a duphettu ciblo from Smmpoie to Poit Dai tt in it is tb «tilt reasonable to look to the Imperial Government and th it of hull i to subsidiso tho cibles west of binpi) ne letting to Australia and China the subsidising and duph cation of eables c ist of that point Tho other pioposal i elates to the duph cation of comtnunicition between Sm0a poio and Austuihi, and w is made at the recpicst of the Government of New >Soiitli Wales The compinj hive since sub nuttedjto tho Viistnliuii Governments a niemoimdum explaining it length tho natuic of tim pioposil 1 hen whole schemo is theicfoio befoie the public, md will doubtless foi m tho piineipal subject foi consulei iti n\ lit tin confcioiice Tho hist propos ii-md indeed tho wholo question-lins been able, dealt with by Mr Chailcs Todd, Supeiintcndcnt of Telegraphs in South Austriha, and tho Government of that colon j ha\o clearly acted upon his iccommendations in the îopoit they have sont homo on tho suliject i ho Lastom lelegia])h Company lune, it appoais, ah cady duph catcd then nblc thioughout the distance between London and India, and sun o they submitted then ollei to the Impeual authonties ulntno to tho cabio to Kau goon, hate iietuallj mulei taken thatwoik, doubtless with Impoiinl sanction, whilst still nioio ic<cutl) they lm\o nuanged to completo tho duplication to Singapoio ¿syMr. Tpdld auggeatfl that thevHome and 'Indian Governments should, see ? to the efficiency of tibe cobununicatiön between .Great ,Brit$in and^Siugapor«," and ' find Whatever subsidy may be necessary for that purpose, as well as to secure a reduc- tion in the tariff ; so that with a corre spouding reduction secured by subsidy on this side of Singapore, the. through rate between Australia and London shall be reduced to 6s. per word. With regard to the duplication to Aus- tralia, he thinks > we may confine our attention to what he calls the two cheapest routes, viz.:-(1) From Singapore to Dar- win^ by cable, in two lengths-Singapore to Banjoewangie, and thence to Darwin. (2) From Singapore to'west end of Java, thence' to North-west Cape. A cable from Ceylon to near Freemantle, or some other point on the west coast, would, he says, be the most direct of all, but its length, about 2700 knots, would involve an outlay of about a million storling/as compared with half a million via Java ; while it should be bprne in mind that the latter would work in with the Eastern Extension system at Singapore, and, utilis- ing the existing cables up to that point, would probably enable the company to carry*out the extension via Java at a cheaper rate per knot than on the route from Ceylon to Australia, which would bo a new one throughout, and depending solely upon Australian business. ¡ The "route to the North-west Cape involves a land line of over COO miles from the Cape to Northampton, the pro sent northern terminus in Western Aus-, tralia, which it is suggested might be undertaken at the joint cost of the colo- nies. But Mr. Todd is of opinion that the best course would bo to negotiate with the Eastern Extension Company for a second cable~from Singapore to Banjoe- wangie, leaving the further extension to either Darwin or North-west Cape for future consideration. This is substan- tially what the company have already expressed their willingness to undertake, and which Mr. Cracknell; ljof New South Wales, has recommended his Government to agree to. There is1 one thing more in Mr. Todd's report that'we should notice. He says that "in view of the cost of the over- land telegraph, South Australia cannot bo expected to contribute to the subsidy; she might, indeed, fairly claim assistance from the other colonies which use the line more largely." Excluding South Australia, he suggests that all the other colonies should contribute pro rata, according to the cable business severally done by them. With regard to tile Eastern Extension Company's offer for duplication between Singapore and Australia, a few words arc necessary. ,The present traffic and income, they say, would not justify them in undertaking this largo extension with- out assistance from the colonies. The number of messages between Australia and all parts of tho world during 1875, was 11,075, of 20 words each, averaging 32 messages daily, whose transmission does not afford occupation for the prosent cable for more than two hours. Aud thoro has been no marked growth in the traffic since the opening of the line in 1872\. The incomo derived by the com- pany from Australian messages last year amounted to £G2,172, but when from this is deducted the cost of working, and of the maintenance and repair of the cable, a very small leturn remains on tho capital of £600,000 which was originally invested in the scheme. Tho memoran- dum argues on bohalf of tho Eastern Extension Company, as against would-be competitors, in the following strain : Thoro will doubtless bo othor companies offer- ing to provide a new cabio, but thia company cannot see how in the face of tho present truffle an independent company could exist. Con- tractors for their own porsonal gain may endea- vor to get up an opposition cible, but it w ould bo only at a loss to the shaieholdera who might take the property olV their hands. The result, therefore, of another and second independent Uno would be that there would bo two strug- gling companies, each tiying to procuro a liveli- hood fiom au insufficient trailic which would prove so uuremunerativo that in casa of accident to either of them it would become a question with tho shareholders whether it would be worth their whilo to repair their line by fuither outlay. Tho consequenco would bo that tho colonies would bo again reduced to a single line, and tho object of the attempted duplication would bo defeated. The only hopo of duplication is in tho present company, which ah cady possesses 0110 lino, and which, with a subsidy and tho amount of its present traffic, would be in a position to maintain tho two lines in fair and oillciont order. It is further pointed out that the dupli- cation in question would only bo as far as Singapore, but that any other company would have to carry their line through to India, at an expense so large that no sub- sidy which tho colonies might be disposed to give could make the line pay. The following is tho company's estimate of cost of construction, and tho amount of sub- sidy they would require : Banjoewangie to Singaporo-905 miles of cabio, including slack at £?50 per knot, capital valuo say ..£242,000 Banjoowaugio to North-West Capo 1003 milos of cable, including slack at £250 per knot, capital valuo say 258,000 Rato of raising money, say 0 per cent ¡ if on loRH terms through assistance of colonies, tho colonies to benefit. Reservo fund 8 por cent per ainiuui for le nevvali, to continuo till value of cable is re- couped ; 3 por cent invosted at -1 per cent annually requires 22 years to double itself. Banjoewangie to Singaporo-£242,000, at Oper cent . £14,520 Ite-ervwl fund, 3 per cent . 7,2t>0 £21,7S0 lHiijoevvangio to North-West Capo C258.000, at 0 per cent . 15.4S0 Reserve fund, 3 per cent . 7,710 £23,220 Total, £45,000 subsidy por annum, But adopting for tho prusont only tho first part of the schemo, as recommonded by Messrs. Cracknell and Todd, tho .subsidy would bo only .£21,780. This, howovor, makes no provision for a re- duction in the transmission charges. It scorns almost useless just now to urge tho adoption of tho Nornianton Singaporo route. Tho amount of cable business has certainly been disappointing, and until a great iucreaso of traffic hits taken placo, it is hardly likoly that a subsidy to a competing lino will meet with goneial favor. In the present temper of tho colonies on the subjoct, it would appear that the foithconiing con- ference will in all probability concontrato their attontion on tho question as to tho oxpedioncy of accopting tho Eastorn Extension Company's óffer,fwith ,or with- out modification, including a reduction of -tariff, ot of rejecting "it altogether. Or, ^ again, ' whether it might not Jbe a better " plan for the colonial Governments to buy the existing line, and construct the dupli- cate one, taking the whole thing into their own hands. AT ' Deniliquin, the other day, Sir Hercules Robinson, in the course of a speech which was weighty with good sense, dwelt upon the unnaturally large proportion which the number of the inha- bitants'of the towns in the colony of New South Wales bears to the population of the country districts. " Out of a popula- tion of G17,000,"said he, "about 311,000 reside in towns and villages and on mining areas, and 300,000 in the country engaged in rural pursuits." In Victoria, the proportion is much the same ; and everywhere throughout these colonies the tendency towards the aggregation of the people in a few centres is very noticeable. It illustrates, in a remarkable degree, the force of habit. In the middle ages, when the industrial classes were either oxploitered or plundered by the lords of the soil and ecclesiastics, the sense of a common danger, and the need of mutual protection and support, impelled mon to herd together within a burgh or ville j and the mediaeval cities played no important part in first of all helping the aristocracies of Europe to break down the absolute power of the sovereign, and then, in wrest- ing from the nobles some of the privi- leges -and the freedom which they had thus acquired. Centres of population were, therefore, a social and political necessity. Then, again, when the manu- facturing system arose, it encouraged the aggregation of immense numbers of opera- tives within very narrow limits ; greatly to the detriment, generally speaking, of their physical well-being and of their morality. But these things are the out- growth, in Europe, of an old and as some think, a decrepid civDisation. They, are certainly unnatural in, and injurious to, new countries like those in which our more favored lot has been cast ; and we may already see, in the colonies which are our seniors, that the effectif such a con- dition of affairs is to reproduce in young communities, huddled together in Aus- tralian cities, the crimes and vices, the diseases of mind and body, the pauperism and wretchedness, which we all hoped we had left behind us. Adam Smith has remarked, with his usual shrewdness, that " if human institu- tions had never thwarted the natural in- clinations of man, the towns could nowhere have increased beyond what the improve- ment and cultivation of the territory in which they were situated could support; until such time at least as the whole of that territory was completely cultivated and improved." But the artificial structure of society in Great Britain has given such a warp to these " natural inclinations " that the very men who have been squeezed out of the old country by the necessary pres- sure of population, no sooner find them- selves in a colony where there is abundant elbow-room for all, and where land is to be had almost for the asking for, than they begin to hang about the cities and to hanker after any employment that is of an unproductive character. And oven those who have been long set- tled in the colonies exhibit au un- accountable aversion to bringing up their children to productive pursuits. Tho cultivation of the soil, the oldest, most valuable, most honorable, and most beneficent of all industries ; the basis of national wealth, and the foundation of national progress, is either neglected or despised. To get behind a counter, to occupy a stool at a desk, to finger greasy bank-notes or shuffle gold and silver coins across a slab of polished cedar j to draft convoyances, advise clients, or wear a horsehair wig and gown of bombazine or silk ; to look at people's tongues, feel their pulses, listen to their recital of their ailments, and prescribe physic for them ; or to wag his head in a pulpit and beat a week's accumulation of dust out of a Sunday cushion, is the object of ambition with the lad of the period, mid it is encouraged and stimulated by his parents. For all such occupations are supposed to be " genteel " and " re- spectable," while the cultivation of the soil, which, when engaged in with intelli- gence, is adapted to make a man practi- cally acquainted with the w hole rango of the natural sciences, and to develop, in a remarkable degree, and with the happiest consequences, his powers of observation, reflection, comparison, and deduction, is systematically depreciated and disregarded. The result is injurious and even dis- astrous both to socioty and to the indivi- dual. It is so to the latter, because mun- bura of men are misplaced, and their facul- ties are misapplied. A man who is engaged in totting up figures, or cashing cheques, or weighing tea and sugar, or measuiiug yards of textilo fabrics, or dispensing medicines all day, necessarily allows most of the faculties of his mind to rest unused. His ordinary employment is one of routino, and is little better than mechani- cal. It leaves a mental void, which he endeavours to fill np in the evening by playing billiaids, tobacco, drink, or some other sedativo or stimulant, and his posi- tion is oven less happy than that of the farm laborer, who Sweats in tho eye of rhevbus, and all night Sleeps in Elysium. Society suffers, because all our social arrangements and conventional ideas with respect to industiial occupations combine to divert our children from becoming producers, and to swell the number of consumers. Husbandry is under- manned, and commerce and the professions aro over-stocked, even in such thinly peopled countries as the Australian colonie». Tho consequence is, a fierce competition in trade, attended with the practico of adulteration, where this is possible, the cutting down of prices so low as not to lcavo a legitimate profit, a resort to trickery, chicanery, and all kinds of in- genious " dodges," in order to force sales ; and, in tho various professions, a good deal of genteol poverty, and the keoping up of respectablo appearances upon wholly inadequate means. Hore, as in Euiopo, socioty is carrying too much top- hamper. People aro striving to escape the beneli cont obligation of labor ; mid while they carefully abstain from adding, by well <f- - N ï ' I > ' directed industry, to the available supplies! of food, they are found .eagerly striving to' intercept from thejr. neighbors, thit .por- tion of them which is indispensable to each. '.' v.j ~ These are evils which Legislatures can do comparatively little to cure. Their remedy will be chiefly in the growth of a healthy public opinion ; in the wider dif-> fusion of a knowledge of the laws which govern the creation, of the wealth of nations ; and in the inculcation in the minds of the young, of a true sense of the dignity and importance of labor, espe- cially as directed to the diversified pursuits of husbandry. . MAILS for the United Kingdom and the Conti- nent of Europe, via Melbourne- Galle, per City of Brisbane, s., will close at the General Post Office on Wednesday, December 20 :-For regis- tered letters, money-orders, packets and news- papers, at ten a.m.; for ordinary letters at half past ten a.m.; for late-fee letters for the United Kingdom only, at eleven a.m. Only correspond once marked via Melbourne will be sent. THE Government wharves in Fetrie's Bight are now finished, or nearly so, and a proclama- tion appears in Saturday's Government Gazette notifying that these wharves shall be and are excluded from the jurisdiction of the Municipal Council of Brisbane, in accordance with a pro- vision of the Municipal Institutions Act of 1864, that " nothing therein contained shall authorise the interference by any council with any public wharf or building not formed, constructed, or erected by such council, which may be excepted from the jurisdiction of such council by any proclamation mode or to be made by the Gover- nor with the advice of the Executive Council." SCAB in sheep not being now known to exist in the colony of New South Wales, his Excel- lency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has, by proclamation in Saturday's Gazette, suspended the provisions of sections 44 and 46 of Diseases in Sheep Act, with respect to sheep introduced or proponed to be introduced overland from that colony for a period of six months from date, unless the proclamation be sooner rescinded. A NOTICE in another column states that tenders will be received up to 1st March next for the conveyance of goods and mails between Noumea and the various ports of New Caledonia, &c;, for a period of three years-viz., from July , 1st, 1877, to June 30, 1880.; and that particu- lars may be seen at the French Consulate, Sydney, between the hours of eleven a.m. and one p.m. A NEW Bet of regulations in reference to tho Brisbane Grammar School is published in Satur- day's Government Gazette. A MEETING is announced to be held this even- ing, at the Royal Hotel, to form a committee of management for a regatta to bo held in the Hamilton Reach on New Year's Day. A SPECIAL general meeting of the members of the Brisbaue Rowing Club is announced to be hold to-morrow (Tuesday) evening, at the Im- perial Hotel, George-street. AN examination for licensed surveyois under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1808, will be held at the Lands Office, Biisbane, on Tues- day, January 30, 1877. The conditions of the examination, and a list of the subjects on which candidates will be examined, appears in Satui day's Government Gazette. WE would again remind those interested of the " sorvice of song," which takes place in the School of Arts, this evening, in aid of the funds of tho Memorial Church, Patrie-terrace. Tho subject is "Christiana and her Children," and the service will, no doubt, be rendered all the moro interesting by the phantasmagoria lantern illustrations which are to accompany it. AT a recent meeting of the Executive Council, the sentence of death passed upon Henry Scholz, at the last criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, for a criminal assault upon one Christina Kelly, on Bowen-terrace, was commuted to twenty-one years' penal servitude. Two or three weeks hence the arrival from Hamburg of the Lammershagen, with Prussian, Danish, and Italian immigrants, may be looked for. The intention would seem to be that this vessel will take on her passengers to Mary- borough, which for several reasons would, we think, be a mistake. We have no wish to deprive the Wide Bay district of its fair quota of immigrants but we have reason to believe that a large proportion of the passengers by the Lam mershagen have friends expecting them in the Moreton and Darling Downs districts, and that to send them on to Maryborough will be an in- justice both to them and to the new arrivals. Moreover, if we may judge from statements which appear from time to time in the Mary- borough papers, female domestic servants form the only class of labor at present in demand there. We would suggest that residents of these districts having friends on board should at once communicate with the Secretary of the Immigration department, so that these at least might be afforded an opportunity of being landed in Brisbane. IN the opinion of very many persons a parlor or drawing-room table is incom- pletely furnished without a photographic album, and there are very few houses of people in good circumstances in which one or two moro or less ponderous tomes of this kind are not to be found. We have seen not a few of those, and though on some occasions wo dis- covered an attempt at arrangement aud classifi- cation, it seldom amouutcd to moro than keeping ] iu one album photographs of one's kith and kim aud in another, photographs of Smith, Brown, Jones, and Robinson, and thoir respectivo spouses and olive branches. Very little moro could be done with tho ordinary book album even of tho most expensive kind, but some élever individual has invented tho Easel Photographic Album. This is to us an ontirely new design. It is formed to stand, easel-liko, on a tablo, presenting about the surface of a folio foolscap volume ; but opened and expanded it covers moro than four times that surface. This surface is divided with much tatto into compartments for photographs, just presenting tho grouping that, according to tho predilections of the proprietor, would enablo him to make a picture of family or frieuds in which they would all appear at ono view aud arranged as taste or fancy or favor dictated. These photo- graphic casols aro to bo seen at Mr. Kcogh's establishment, Queen-street, and wo think de servo this special notice as ingenious and agieo able novelties. Wi. may again lemind tho Monds of Mr. H. Phillips that he will recoivo a benefit at the theatre on Tuesday (to-morrow) evening, for which an attractive programmo has boon put forth, He has boou in Brisbano connected with )0, I tho the.itio for a cousidorablo timo past, and has jr. become almost a general favorito in both his li- public and private capacities, and thorefoie, ey "barring" heat aud accidonts, wo expect him to 11- ' be greeted with o " bumper" house. str thi he 