INTRODUCTION. Parliament has been further prorogued from June the 9th to the 11th July, on which day hon. members will meet for the trans- ?iZsn of business. The Ministry are now engaged in the preparation and considera- ion of measures to be brought forward in the coming session. The financial state- ment, with the taxation proposals, will be submitted immediately after the assem- bling of Parliament. The Government will submit a proposal for lowering Customs duties, and otherwise partially removing the burden of taxation from the labouring to the wealthier classes. They will also submit a scheme for the extension of the system of light railways, and make a de- termined effort in the direction of re- trenchment in the public expenditure upon a well-defined plan. In addition to the promised Electoral Reform Bill, the attention of Parliament will be directed to the desirability of establish- ing intercolonial free trade. The South Australian Government has arranged with the Government of New South Wales for a temporary continuance of the Murray Duties Convention until the tariffs of the two colonies have been ad- justed. Since the interview between Mr. Stuart, the Colonial Treasurer of New South Wales, and Sir James M'Culloch, nothing further has been done, so far as this colony is concerned, regarding any arrangement for the settlement of the Border duties question. The Minister of Public Instruction has prepared a short bill providing the machinery necessary for the enforcement of the compulsory clauses of the Education Act, and the difficulty of providing for children of the "gutter" class will receive the most anxious consideration. A measure to provide for the registration of trade marks is also to be introduced. The debentures of the new loan autho- rised by Parliament last session are now being rapidly signed by the Treasurer, who, in accordance with his intimation to the Assembly, will endeavour to obtain an advance on the security of the deben- tures prior to the floating of the loan on the London market. It is hoped that within a week or so money will be avail- able to carry on necessary public works, such as school buildings, which are urgently required. The Railway depart- ment has been besieged during the past month by deputations urging the claims of their various districts to the benefits of railway communication. The amount of money the Government will have at their disposal for the construction of new lines is about £1,400,000, and the cost of the lines already applied for would amount to between £12,000,000 and £15,000,000. His Excellency the Go- vernor opened the railway from Ararat to Stawell on the 25th Inst., and men- tioned that in l8 months' time Vic- toria would have 1,000 miles of railway in active operation. His Excellency remained in the Wimmera district a fortnight, and was everywhere most loyally received. For a long time past the Cabinet has had under its considera- tion the advisability of amalgamating the two branches of the Mining depart- ment with the Lands and Public Works department. It has now been definitely settled that this shall be done, but the details have not yet been determined upon. The Oppositionists continue to do their best to stir up strife against the Govern- ment, and it is not improbable that at the general election next year they will be found united with the Roman Catholic party, which takes a determined stand on the education question. The association called the National Reform League has been making a very amusing exhibition of itself by discussing the desirability of impeaching Sir W. F. Stawell for re- fusing a dissolution to Mr. Berry, while Acting-Governor, and of petitioning the Queen to recall Sir George Bowen for neglecting this year to give the usual Queen's birthday ball. A meeting was held at the Barkly-hall, Box-hill, on the evening of the 7th inst., for the purpose of establishing a re- form league. Messrs. Berry, Munro, and Miranta, M.L.A.'s, attended the meeting, and spoke at some length, but although there were some 70 people in attendance, not more than about 20 voted for any of the resolutions proposed. The last motion, which was also the principal one, was that a reform league should be established, but although Mr. Berry had only just previously addressed, the meet- ing, an amendment of a contrary nature was proposed, and supported to about the same extent as the resolution. The meet- ing altogether was considered to be quite a triumph for the opponents of the Berry policy, as it was believed all the resolu- tions would have been negatived had every person present voted upon them. The Governments of New Zealand and New South Wales have recently directed attention to the desirability of making provision for a second telegraph cable to connect the Australasian colonies with the rest of the world. The proposal made for a conference of representatives of the Australian oolonies and New Zea- land to consider the subject has met with the approval of the Victorian Go- vernment, and it will doubtless receive the assent of all the colonies interested. The cable is still interrupted between Port Darwin and Java. The Government prosecutions in con- nexion with the charge against Steven- son and Sons of defrauding the Customs revenue have occupied a large share of attention during the month. Mr. A. H. Wilkinson has been committed for trial on a charge of assaulting tho collector of customs in the execution of his duty, and the Government have decided to proceed criminally against Mr. Geo. Stevenson and some of his other employees who were con- cerned in resisting the Customs autho- rities when they stormed the warehouse on the 8th of April. Two summonses were issued against the firm-the first charging them with evading duties, and the second with undervaluing goods. The first case was dismissed by the magis- trates in the District Court, after a long hearing. The second is still proceed- ing. The usual vacancies in tho Legislative Council will take place in August next, when one member for each province will retire by 'effluxion of time. It is not the intention of the Hon. W. A. C. A'Beckett , to offer himself for re-election for the Southern Province. Mr. Quinlan, the barrister, and Mr. J. B. Bennett, solicitor, are spoken of as probable candidates for the seat. SOCIAL. We have now been without direct cable communication with Europe for nearly two months, and the inconvenience has been severely felt, especially by the mercantile community. To make matters worse, the arrival of the April mail via Suez was de- layed in consequence of the break down of the Surat in the Bay of Biscay, and the Sumatra, which awaited at Galle the arrival of the mail from England, did not leave there until May 10, arriving at Adelaide on the 4th ¡nst., and at Melbourne on the 6th, By the mail we had tele- graphic intelligence from London, via, Galle, to the 16th ult., at which point our acquaintance with European affairs breaks off. The cable is broken both between Penang and Madras, and between Port Darwin and Banjoewangie and unusual diffi- culty seems to have been experienced in effecting the necessary repairs. The services of the steamer Edinburgh, the repairing ship of the New Zealand and Australian cable, have now been obtained for the purpose of picking up the Port Darwin cable, and it is anticipated that, as far as this link in the chain of communication is concerned, the defect will be rectified in the course of about three weeks. The resignation by Dr. Perry of his bishopric has been received, and it is settled that his successor is to be Prebendary Moor- house, vicar of Paddington, The actual ap- pointment has yet to be made, but this is merely a formal matter, for the electors of the new bishop informed Dr. Perry by tele- gram on the 13th April of their desire to confer the appointment on Proben dary Moorhouse if he were found willing to accept it. The electors are now satisfied of his willingness to accept, and Dr. Perry having vacated the see, the appointment will be made. In connexion with church affairs, it may be said that the intelligence recently received that Dr. Perry is raising contributions in England for the Clergy Stipend Endowment Fund of Victoria has excited a good deal of comment. That the wealthiest denomination in the colony should seek aid from home when it is well able to supply its own needs is felt to be a deserved reflection on the liberality of its members, and while the motives of Dr. Perry are admitted to be good, his zeal in this matter is regarded as misplaced. On May 25 His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Sir James M'Culloch, the lions. J, A. Macpherson, J. Jones, and R. Ram say, proceeded to Stawell to open the railway extension from Ararat to that place, a dis- tance of 170 miles from Melbourne. At Ararat, where a short stay was made, an address was presented to the Governor, and then a start was made for Stawell, l8 miles further on. The town was en fete, and fully 12,000 persons were waiting to receive His Excellency. Various addresses were pre- sented and replied to by Sir George Bowen, and about 500 ladies and gentle- men sat down to luncheon in a large marquee at the rear of the Town-hall. In replying to the toast of Her Majesty's Ministers in Victoria, Sir James M'Culloch stated that the first railways in the colony cost £35,000 to £38,000, while now they only cost between £4,000 and £5,000 per mile. Next morning a breakfast was given by the Wimmera Extension Railway League, at which His Excellency and the members of the Ministry were present. His Excellency afterwards proceeded on a visit to Ledcourt, the estate of Mr. Holt, where he remained some days, and then returned to town. The amalgamation of two of the principal charitable institutions of Melbourne, the Benevolent Asylum and the Immigrants' Home, has been a topic of discussion for some time, and the Government has now de- cided that the amalgamation and removal of these institutions to a site outside the city ought to take place without further delay. The Treasurer has accordingly communicated with the committee of the Benevolent Asylum, expressing his wish that the in- stitutions should be united and removed to the Industrial-school buildings at Sunbury, which, owing to the adoption of the boarding, out system, are no longer required for the purposes for which they were erected. The committee of the asylum, however, has re- ceived the proposal not only with disfavour but almost with disrespect. A majority of the members disapprove of the Sunbury site, and wish to be allowed to select a piece of land where they please in place of the present site, which they expect to be able to sell for about £70,000. Of course the Government, and Parliament also, will have something to say in the matter, and in all probability the proposal of the Treasurer will ultimately be carried into effect . After a good deal of dis- cussion the committees of the two institu- tions have agreed to confer together respect- ing the proposed amalgamation, and there the matter rests for the present. The discussion by the Medical Society of Victoria on the treatment of snake- bite by the intravenous injection of ammonia has been continued. It will be remembered that a sub-committee appointed by the society to make experiments on dogs found that the injection of ammonia in the case of these animals was comparatively useless. No opinion, however, was expressed as to what would be the effect of the remedy when applied to the human subject, and taking into consideration the large number of well-authenticated cases in which men, women, and children have been appa- rently snatched from death by the em- ployment of Professor Halford's remedy, it was argued that the investigations of the committee had proved nothing against the value of the ammonia treatment in ordinary cases of snake-bite. At a recent meeting of the society Mr. Wooldridge moved the follow- ing resolution :-" That the special com- mittee appointed by the society to investigate the subject of snake-poisoning in dogs not having in their report expressed any opinion on the treatment of snake- poisoning in man, and there being a wide difference between the symptoms produced by the virus of snakes and various other poisons, as well as between the effects of remedial agents, in man and dogs, this society is of opinion that in cases of snake-bite in the human sub- ject, the intravenous injection of am- monia is the best remedy at present known." He also read a lengthy paper, in which a number of facts connected with the subject were collected together. Letters were read from various members giving their experience in the matter, and several others addressed themselves to the question. Dr. Bird and Mr. Gilibee spoke highly of the effects of the injection of ammonia in cases of snake-poisoning, and the former held that it was fallacious to urge that the effects of experiments made upon animals were to guide the profession with regard to human beings, and Professor Halford followed in the same strain, Mr. Girdlestone main- tained that ammonia had not been shown to be a remedy in undoubted cases of snake poisoning, but only in instances of collapse, which might have resulted from overdoses of spirits. The discussion was then adjourned, to be resumed in the large hall of the Royal Society, so as to afford the profession gene- rally and medical students an opportunity of hearing it. The society has invited medical gentlemen in all parts of the colony to be present, and give or send in writing any facts in reference to the question which may have come under their notice, Allegations having been made by an ex detective, Mr. Christie, that the detective force of the colony was in a disorganised state, the chief commissioner of police has for- warded a report to the Chief Secretary deal- ing with the statements in question. Captain Standish states that the position of Christie was not one to entitle his opinion on the management of the force to much considera- tion, and pointed out that it was easy for an irresponsible person to make reckless and unsupported statements which he could not be called on to prove. He saw no evi- dence to support the statement that the de- tective force was in a state of disorganisation, nor did he believe it was, though he admitted that the force had lost to some extent its old prestige. This was attributable to the diffi- culty of obtaining the services of able men, and also to the many unmerited attacks made on the force. He maintained that the standard of honesty of the Victorian police, both detective and preventive, would com- pare favourably with any similar force in any part of the world. lu consequence of continued ill-health, Colonel Ward, R A., deputy-master of the Melbourne branch of the Royal Mint, has received 12 months' leave of absence. He left Melbourne for England by the s.s. Northumberland on Saturday last. Sir Redmond Barry has been re-elected as chancellor, and Dr. Brownless as vice- chancellor of the Melbourne University for the ensuing year. This is the twenty fourth time Sir Redmond Barry has been elected chancellor, and the twentieth occa- sion on which Dr. Brownless has been elected vice-chancellor. It was expected there would be some opposition to the re-election of Sir Redmond Barry on the ground of his absence from the colony, but it was soon ap- parent that the council were almost unani- mous in their desire that he should continue; to hold the office of chancellor. The Faculty of Medicine recently established in the Uni- versity has held its first meeting, at which Professor Halford was appointed Dean of the Faculty. At a recent meeting of the council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society of Victoria, extracts were read from a letter lately received by a resident in New South Wales from a gentleman in England con- nected with the wool trade, respecting Angora goats' hair or mohair. The writer stated that the finest samples of mohair ever pro- duced had recently been received from Mel- bourne, and said that it was a wonder that the Australian woolgrowers had not turned their attention more to the production of mohair. The hair alluded to was from the society's pure flock of Angoras, now running on Sir Samuel Wilson's estate, Mount Bate, in the Ballarat district. Some interest has been excited by the ex- hibition in the window of Messrs. Alston and Brown, of Collins-street, Melbourne, of articles of clothing manufactured from Aus- tralian-grown silk. The articles consisted of a pair of socks, made at the Austra- lian Silk Growers' Depot, 7 Charles-street, Grosvenor-Square, London, and a lady's scarf, made by Messrs. Potts, Wright, and Co., Macclesfield. The raw silk from which these things were made was taken to Europe by Mrs. Bladen Neill in December last. There is also a skein of carded and spun silk from the mills of Mr. Brocklehurst, Macclesfield. The experts who have examined these articles report very favourably on their quality. Mr. Brown, of the firm of Messrs. Alston and Brown, who is now in London, writes to say that Australian silk is con- sidered by manufacturers to be much superior to Italian or Chinese silk, and it is expected that silk-growing will become a most im- portant industry in the Australian colonies. Wednesday, the 24th May, was celebrated in the customary loyal fashion of Victorians, and was universally observed as a general holiday. The weather fortunately was very fine, and was most favourable for all the amusements. In the morning His Ex- cellency the Governor held a levée in the Melbourne Town- hall, which was numerously attended. The volunteer review was the most attractive spectacle of the day, and was witnessed by not less than 20,000 persons. The Fire Brigades demonstration at Ballarat also proved successful, and the out-door amusements generally were thorougly en- joyed. The sixth annual chess match between Victoria and New South Wales was com- menced on the night of the Queen's Birth day, and was not finished till late the follow- ing morning. The games were played by telegraph. The result was another decisive victory for this colony, New South Wales losing five of the seven games and winning one, while one game was drawn. The Vic- torians who won their games were Messrs. Burns, Connell, Sedgefield, Stanley, and Stephen. Mr. Goldsmith's game was drawn, and tho only Victorian who suffered defeat was Mr. Fleming, who played as substitute for Mr. L. S. Phillips. Lieutenant Bowen, aide-de.camp to the Governor, died at Waratah, near Hobart Town, on the 20th May. The deceased gentleman, who was Hia Excellency's nephew, arrived in Victoria by the Somerset- shire in January last. He was in delicate health, his chest being affected, and the hot weather of February having militated against him, he was advised to go to Tas- mania, but unfortunately without any good rcsult. Lieutenant Bowen obtained his com- mission in the 20th Regiment in September, 1870, and his age was 26. One of the early Victorian settlers—Mr. William Rutledge, of Farnham, in the Western district—died on June 1. Mr. Rutledge, who had attained the ripe age of 70, was a native of Ireland, and emigrated to Sydney about the year 1833, in company with his uncle, Dr. Forster, formerly of the 1st Royals. In 1840 he came to Victoria, and took up a block of land of 5,120 acres, then called a special survey, near Kilmore. In 1843 he visited Port Fairy, where he settled. A few years ago Mr. Rutledge acquired the Farnham Estate, a property, for its extent, the most fertile in Australia. On the 23rd May His Excellency the Governor laid the foundation-stone of the new Academy of Music, in Bourke-street, in the presence of a large number of the citizens of Melbourne. Mr. Aarons, the proprietor, announced that the new theatre had been let to Mr. G. B. Lewis, who had sent to England for a complete company with which to open it. Mr. William Ford, J.P., chemist, of Swan ston-street, Melbourne, died on the 24th ult. He was a colonist of 30 years' standing. He was a member of the Royal Society, and held the position of mayor of St Kilda for three years. The ceremony of launching the first life- boat of the Victorian Humane Society took place on Saturday afternoon, May 20, at Prince's-bridge, Melbourne. His Excellency the Governor attended for the purpose of naming the boat, and there was a numerous assemblage of spectators, there being fully 3,000 persons present on the banks of the river. The boat has been built by Mr. Edwards to the order of the society, and is pronounced by capable judges to be well adapted for the service to which it will be devoted. ln reply to an address presented by the directors of the society, His Excellency remarked that great credit was due to Vic- toria for founding a society based upon the model of the parent society in England. A special invitation has been sent to Dr. Day, of Geelong, president of the Medical Society of Victoria, from Philadelphia, to attend the International Medical Congress, to be held there in September next. Dr. Day's researches in the domain of physiolo- gical chemistry are generally recognised in America. A prisoner named James Octavius Ward, in custody of Sergeant Trafford, of the Hall police force, has arrived in Melbourne from Sydney, en route for England. He is charged with having obtained £2,200 at Hull, Eng- land, on the 4th of February, 1875, by means of false pretences. He was at large in Mel- bourne a few months ago, but although the detectives discovered his presence and kept him under their surveillance, they had not the means of arresting him. In March last he proceeded to Sydney, and thence to Fiji, where he was arrested through information forwarded by the Melbourne detectives. Ser- geant Trafford came out by the Australia on her last trip, and being informed where his prisoner was to be found, proceeded thither and took him in charge. They left for Lon- don in the Northumberland on Saturday. A strange shooting case has taken place at Aberfeldie, in the Wood's Point district. There is a dispute as to the management of the Aberfeldie Gold Mining Company, and different sets of directors have appointed separate mining managers-Messrs. Christian Steenbock and Charles Graves. Mr. Steen bock was attempting to enter tbe company's office to hold a meeting of shareholders, when ee was shot at twice by Graves, who was in the office. Mr. Steenbock was hit in the arm by a spent bullet, and Messrs. David Donaldson and Henry Bennett, shareholders in the company, were cut and scratched by splinters from the office door. The first shot, which was fired through a crack of the front- office door, passed within 2in of Mr. Donaldson's breast and lodged in the opposite bank. The second shot came through the opening of the side door and hit a hard substance and lodged flattened in Mr. Steenbock's arm, cutting through the coat and shirt, and bruising the arm. Graves has been committed for trial on a charge of shooting with intent, while Steenbock has been sent for trial at the instance of Graves and the directors acting with him, on a charge of stealing the company's seal. It was reported last month that a shocking outrage had been committed on a married woman named Elizabeth Reece, at Burrum beet. Half a dozen different men were arrested in succession, only to be discharged, and the police for a time were completely at fault. At last the real criminal is believed to have been secured. His name is James Ashe, and the prosecutrix has positively identified him. He has been committed for trial. ESCAPE OF FENIAN PRISONERS FROM' WESTERN AUSTRALIA. It was stated in our last summery that six Fenian prisoners had made their escape on Easter Monday, April 17, from Fremantle Western Australia, and it has now been ascertained that the affair had been planned and carried out with the assistance of Fenian agents. Two men who are believed to have been engaged in the plot have come from Western Australia by the mail steamer to Melbourne, where they are at present under the surveillance of the police. The escape was effected by the instrumentality of an American barque, the Catalpa, the captain of which, having got the convicts on board, refused to surrender them when called upon to do so by the Western Australia police. This will no doubt lead to the interchange of communications between London and Wash- ington. The following account of the affair is supplied by the Perth Inquirer of May 17:- A Mr. Collins, described as an affable, gentlemanly man, of fair complexion, and with an English accent, arrived in Albany in November last, per steamer from Melbourne, and came to Fremantle per Georgette as a first-class passenger. By the same mail a man named Johnson, who possesses the char- acteristics of a thorough-going Yankee, arrived as a second-class passenger. Neither of these persons appeared to know each|other. Collins stayed at the Emerald Isle Hotel, Fremantle, where a stranger, rejoicing in the patronymic of Jones, was also stopping, but seemed in no manner to be connected with Collins. A man named Taylor also appears to be one of the confederate party. Johnson occupied part of his time by working at his trade at Sloane's carriage building factory, in this city. Once a week, and six or seven times during the fortnight prior to the escape, Johnson had hired Mr. Summers' waggonette, always paying for it the customary charge. On Good Friday he drove out, returning the same evening, and on the following day again drove off, never to return. A similar arrangement waa made by Collins with Mr. Albert, of Fremantle, of whom he hired a carriage and pair. The men who have escaped are Michael Harring- ton, James Wilson, Martin Hogan, Thomas Hassett, Thomas Darragh, and Robert Cran- ston. The two former were working on the morning of their escape (April 17) at the south jetty, with the party in charge of Warder Booler. Hogan was painting at the comptroller's quarters. Darragh-who was the Protestant chaplain's orderly-and Hasset, were gardening outside the prison; and Cranston, who was employod as mes- senger, appears to have had free access in and out of the prison. On the morn- ing in question the latter walked leisurely towards the south jetty, swinging a door-key on his finger, and asked the warder to allow Harrington and Wilson to assist him in removing some furniture from the official marine residence on the Hampton road. The warder, unsuspectingly, allowed the men to go. The Fremantle prison com- mands a very fine view of the town, and the three men there employed could easily watch the movements of Cranston and his two com- panions, and of the carriages which had pre- ceded them along the Hampton-road, and when all was safe, at a signal, the painter abandoned his brush, the gardeners dropped their spades, and, somewhere between the old Cemetery and the Piggery, took carriage and drove off to Rockingham, distant about 14 miles. About 9 o'clock that morning, Mr. W. Bell, a settler at Rockingham, observed a whaleboat, manned by six coloured men and a white man of the Yankee type, coming alongside the Jarrah Timber Company's landing. He immediately suspected some- thing wrong and watched. Presently he saw an outrider, followed by two carriages full of men, sixof whom wore the convict dress, dashing along at full speed. They halted, and immediately made for the boat, into which they jumped, and were pulled out to sea. Bell's suspicions being aroused, he hastened to Fremantle, and gave information to the police of what he had witnessed. The water-police boat at once gave pursuit, and on the evening of the same day the Georgette was commissioned as a war vessel by the authorities, and also despatched in pursuit of the fugitives. The instructions given to the commander were to overtake and go alongside the ship to which the whaleboats were supposed to belong ; to ascertain if the absconders were on board; and to demand their surrender. No force was to be used, but the men on board were to be kept underarms as a means of defence. On the following morning the Georgette sighted a barque under light sail steering south. In about two hours' time she was alongside, when the vessel turned out to be the Catalpa, of New Bedford, Captain Anthony, a whaler, flying the American flag. This vessel had cleared out from Bun- bury on the 28th March. It was noticed that her larboard boat was missing, and in reply to questions put by Mr. Stone (the Superin- tendent of water police, who was in com- mand of the steamer) the mate, after some hesitation, said the captain was at Fre- mantle, that no boat had been seen with pri- soners in her, and that he was awaiting the return of his captain. Mr. Stone then asked, "Can I board your ship and search? to which the mate coolly reply, "Don't know, got no instructions, but guess you'd better not, anyhow." The Georgette being short of coal, Mr, Stone determined upon return- ing at once to Fremantle, where she arrived about 5 o'clock. About noon the Catalpa was observed by those on board the police-boat to tack and stand to the north. The police-boat was then about two miles south, to the leeward of her. She took a similar course, and descried a whale-boat ahead to the leeward. She gave full chase and gained upon her, but her motions were observed by the Catalpa, which bore down under full sail, picked up the whaleboat, and stood away. The police-boat then passed the ship within 20 yards to leeward of her, and distinctly recognised the Fenians on-board by their convict dress, and also Mr Collins. Neither of the boats hailed each other, and the police boat returned to Fremantle, leaving the Catalpa steering south. The Georgette, having been supplied with coal, was again despatched by the Government in pursuit, and early next morning sighted the Catalpa bearing SSE under sail. On nearing her the steamer fired a gun under the vessel's stern, when she instantly hoisted the American flag, but took no further notice of the firing. Both vessels coming within hailing distance, Mr. Superintendent -Stone, addressing the captain of the Catalpa, de- manded the six escaped convicts on board his ship. Captain Anthony replied he had no convicts in his vessel, nor would he allow the police to board her. The superintendent then said, "If you do not give them up I will fire into you, and sink or disable you." The captain, nothing daunted, retorted, " I don't care what you do; I am on the high seas, and that flag (pointing to the stars and stripes) protects me." After some further parley, the steamer returned to Fremantle, During the whole of her cruise after the Catalpa the men on board were under arms, on the défensive, but Mr. Stone's orders were to threaten as much as he liked, but not to use any violence. It seems humiliating that a Yankee, with half a dozen coloured men, should be able to come into our waters and carry off six of the most determined of the Fenian convicts, all the unreleased military prisoners, and then to laugh at us for allow- ing them to be taken away without an effort to secure them. But international law must be observed, and doubtless the Home Go- vernment will seek and obtain redress for this outrage. It is evident that Collins came to this colony with ample means as the agent of the American Fenian brotherhood, and that Jones, Johnson, and Taylor were co- workers in furthering the escape of the prisoners. Immediately the Catalpa arrived at Bunbury Collins proceeded there, and doubtless interviewed Captain Anthony, who shortly afterwards came to Fremantle under the plea of securing fresh charts, but in reality to reconnoitre the coast. The Western Australian Times of May 16 states that it was discovered that, the prisoners had absconded from the works at Fremantle as early as 10 a.m. on the 17th April. Immediate search was instituted, it being supposed the men were concealed in some premises at Fremantle. It was not until half past 1 p.m. that the real state of the case transpired, when Mr. Bell reported to the authorities that about 9 a.m. a whale- boat had put in at Rockingham, and about two hours afterwards a man on horseback, and about eight or ten others in three sepa- rate traps, arrived at the same spot from Fre- mantle. They all had jumped into the boat and put out to sea. As they were pulling off Bell asked what was to be done with the horses and traps. He was told " they might go to---," but Bell left them in charge of his own people, and hurried off to Fremantle to give the alarm, the traps, two four-wheelers, and one two- wheeler, having been previously examined, when three prison hats with numbers on them, a quantity of patent re- volver ammunition, wrapped up in a paper, | addressed to " P. Maloney, Esq," a cloth gun- cover, and a bottle of wine, were found in them. The Catalpa was sighted off Cape de Verde the following day, the 18th, and at 2 p.m. the whaleboat with the absconders and others was seen, in all about 14 men. The police-boat, which was cruising in the neigh bourhood, ran down towards the whaleboat, with the view of intercepting her but the vessel also seeing the boat coming, bore down, and they both came together before the police-boat could get up. All hands in the boat climbed up the ship's side as quickly as possible, and the Catalpa immedi- ately hoisted the American flag. The police boat then hoisted the British flag. The police boat ran up within about 50 yards of the vessel, and the corporal in charge recognised nearly all the escaped convicts, some of them being at the time in their prison dress. They all immediately ran below, but came up armed, and stood in a line by the bul warks facing the police-boat. As there was apparently no chance of recovering the prisoners from the vessel, the police- boat returned to Fremantle, and, at 5 minutes past 11 p m. the Georgette, with the super, intendent of water police, Major Finnerty, and a party of pensioners and water police, again went off in pursuit. On the follow- ing morning the Catalpa was sighted off Rottnest, and the Georgette got alongside of her at 8 pm. Some of the absconders were recognised, upon which they stooped down and immediately ran out of sight .The superintendent then demanded the prisoners, but the captain refused to give them up, and when told he would have to put up with the consequences, he laughed and said, "If you fire on this vessel, yon fire at that flag," pointing to the American flag, which was flying at the time. The Georgette then re- turned to Fremantle, the superintendent of water police having been instructed not to fire on the Catalpa unless she fired first CABLE COMMUNICATION WITH EUROPE. The interruption of cable communication with Europe still continues, and the incon- venience arising therefrom has caused public attention to be directed to the desirability of securing a second cable. During the month the Chief Secretary received from Mr. Robertson, the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, a letter drawing the attention of the Government to the subject of making provision for a second telegraph cable to connect the Australasian colonies with the rest of the world. Mr. Robertson alluded to the great inconvenience which had arisen from telegraphic communication be- tween Australia and Europe being confined to a single line, and pointed out that there are four prominent modes of making pro- vision for a second line - from Sydney to New Zealand, using the present cable, thence by the Sandwich islands to San Francisco,-from Normanton, inQueensland, and, ultimately taking the same course as the two last,-from Port Darwin alongside the present cable, and taking the same course on land through Java, and the route through Sumatra and via Malacca in place of the cable to Singapore ; and a cable from Port Darwin touching at Copang and at some con- venient place to serve as a second line from Java, and on to Singapore. Mr. Robertson considers that one of the two last would be the best to adopt, and that an arrangement might be made with the present cable com- pany for a reduction of rates to £3 per mes- sage, and for the laying of a second cable, an annual subsidy being granted of £35,000, to be provided by the colonies of Victoria, New Zealand, Queensland, Tasmania, and New South Wales. The Postmaster-General also has received a memorandum on telegraph cable communication from Sir Julius Vogel, the Premier of New Zealand, who recom mends that a conference should be held whereby the Australasian colonies might come to some common understanding on the subject. He points out that it would be de- sirable to move the Imperial Government to admit the colonies to representation at the next telegraph conference, and to obtain from that Government and from the Government of India information as to their views. Since the receipt of these letters two other schemes have been suggested. The one was for the laying a cable direct to Galle from some point in Western Australia, which colony will in the course of about nine months be joined to the general telegraphic system of Australia, on the completion of the overland line to South Australia. The last scheme suggested is that a cable should be laid from a point in Western Australia, say the North-west Cape to the Mauritius, where it will join the cable now being laid by the Eastern Telegraph Company from Aden to the Mauritius, and on to Natal and Cape Colony. This route has certain special ad- vantages, to which attention may be called. It is well known that cables laid in the deep sea in what is technically termed "cold" waters are much less liable to interruption than cables laid in shallow waters, such as those through which the Port Darwin and Banjoewangle cable passes. Communication would also be opened up with the Mauritius, and Natal, and the Cape Colony, and the line from Australia to England would pass entirely through British territory. This would remove one of the principal causes of the unintelligible manner in which European messages arrive after passing through repeat- ing stations in foreign countries. The Aden, Mauritius, and Cape Colony cable now being laid has been authorised by the British Go- vernment, who have guaranteed the loan raised for its construction, on the ground that it connects British possessions in a direct manner. The same reason would apply in the case of the Mauritius and Australian cable, and if application were made the same concession might be granted. A valuable addition to this scheme would be an extension of the overland line in Western Australia to connect with the transcontinental line, whereby, in the case of any interruption on that line, messages received by the Port Darwin cable route could be despatched through Western Australia; or in the case of an interruption on the southern line from Western Australia to South Australia, mes sages received by the Mauritius cable could be sent by the transcontinental line. The expense of this scheme would be consider- able, as the distance from Western Australia to Mauritius is between 2,500 and 3,000 miles, but as the route offers the special advantages pointed out, the scheme is one worthy of con- sideration. The Government has expressed its ap- proval of the proposal for a conference, but it will probably not be called together until an answer has been received by Mr. Cracknell, the Superintendent of telegraphs in New South Wales, to his application to the United States Government to assist in the construc tion of a cable from New Zealand to San Francisco. THE CUSTOMS AND THE IMPORTERS. We reported in previous Summaries that Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons, a firm of soft-goods warehousemen, had had some difficulties with the Customs department in reference to the importation of their goods. Acting upon the information of a person named Trowell, a dismissed servant of Messrs. Stevenson and Sons, the Customs officials held an inquiry as to whether the firm had not defrauded the revenue by entering goods at lower values than ought to have been done. For several weeks the firm allowed the officers every latitude in pur- suing their inquiries, and gave every informa- tion, but at last the collector of Customs, being refused an insight into certain private memoranda of the firm, placed several officers in possession of the warehouse. This the firm was advised by high legal authority to be illegal; and, acting on this advice, they turned out the officers. This occurred on Saturday afternoon, the 8th April. On the same day, the Customs, with the assistance of the police, re-took possession of the premises. An application was then made by Stevenson and Sons to the Supreme Court for an injunction to restrain the Cus toms from interfering with their business, but before this could be heard, the officials left, taking with them about £500 worth of goods, on which, still acting under Trowell's information, they alleged that sufficient duty had not been paid. The Government also stopped delivery of the English letters of the firm, but after the lapse of more than a fortnight decided to give them up. At the same time in- timation was given that for the future all packages addressed to Stevenson and Sons would be opened before the entries were allowed to be passed. Summonses were also taken out against Mr. Stevenson, against his manager (Mr. Brind), and some of his employees, for resisting the Customs in the execution of their duty. Those against Messrs. Stevenson and Brind were not de- cided by the magistrates, who, being equally divided in opinion, declined either to commit the defendants or to dismiss the summonses. One young man, named Wilkinson, was how ever committed for trial, and it was anticipated that his trial would have taken place at the last sittings of the Criminal Court. However, the Crown decided to file an ex officio information by the Attorney-General against Messrs. Stevenson, Brind, and three employees for the assault on the Customs officers, but though the defendants wished the trial to take place immediately, the Crown prosecutor decided to postpone the case till the June sessions. In the mean- time a good deal of surprise had been created in the public mind at the great delay that had occurred on the part of the Crown in proceeding with the real charge against the firm, that, namely, of defrauding the revenue, and it began to be seriously suspected that the Customs had acted in the first instance without sufficient know- ledge either of the facts or of the law. The persecution to which the firm was also sub- jected through having their packages opened, even where the goods were intended for trans shipment to other colonies (and therefore not dutiable), also seemed to show that the officials were actuated more by personal feelings than by public reasons. At last the Crown solicitor issued two summonses against the firm for evading duties. The cases might have been heard in the Supreme Court, but the Crown elected to try them in the police court. The summonses were in the following terms:- ! '. ., " Colony of Victoria, ' Central Bailiwick, to wit: " To George Stevenson, of Melbourne, in the Colony of Victoria. "Whereas an information has been ex- hibited by Hugh Miller Guthrie, an officer of customs, under the direction of the Commis- sioner of Trade and Customs, before me, the undersigned, one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace, and a police magistrate for the said colony, for that on the 11th day of February, 1876, at Melbourne, in the central bailiwick of the colony of Victoria, you were knowingly concerned in evading duties of customs upon or in dealing with certain goods, to wit-100 dozen pairs of gloves and 30 dozens of scarfs, in a case marked L S. and S., 65 in diamond, 341, im ported into Victoria in a vessel called the Ther mopyly, with intent to defraud Her Majesty of the duties of customs in respect thereof, contrary to section 165 of the Customs Act 1857, and to the provisions of the Act 38 Vic toria, numbered 503, whereby you have for- feited the penalty of £100, for which the Commissioner of Trade and Customs has elected to sue : "These are, therefore, to require you per- sonally to appear before me, or such other justice or justices of the peace as may be present, at the District Police Court, at Mel bourne, in the colony of Victoria, on the 22nd May, at the hour of 11 o'clock in the forenoon of the said day, to answer the said information. " Given under my hand and seal this 13th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1870', at Melbourne, in the colony aforesaid. (Signed) "E. P. S. STOUT, P.M " "Colony of Victoria, Central Bailiwick, to wit " To George Stevenson, of Melbourne, in the Colony of Victoria. "Whereas an information has been exhi- bited by Hugh Miller Guthrie, an officer of customs, under the direction of the Commis- sioner of Trade and Customs, before me, the undersigned, one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace within and for the central baili- wick of the said colony, for that on the 6th day of March, 1876, at Melbourne, in the cen tral bailiwick, in the colony of Victoria, you were knowingly concerned in evading duties of customs upon or in dealing with certain goods, to wit-one bale, 221 in dia- mond, 1413 at side, being part of 13 packages of flannels, marked L S & S, imported into Victoria in a vessel called the Cleveland, with intent to defraud Her Majesty of the duties of customs in respect thereof, con- trary to section 165 of the Customs Act 1857, and to the provisions of the Act 38 Viet No. 503, whereby you have forfeited the penalty of £100, for which the Commissioner of Trade and Customs has elected to sue. "These are therefore to require you per- sonally to appear before me, or such other justice or justices of the peace as may be pre- sent, at the District Police Court, at Mel- bourne, in the colony of Victoria, on the 22nd day of May inst, at the hour of 11 o'clock in the forenoon of the said day, to answer the said information. "Given under my hand and seal, this 13 th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1876, at Melbourne, in the colony aforesaid. , (Signed) "E. P. S. STURT, P.M.", The hearing of the cases was commenced in the police court on Monday, May the 22nd, before Mr. Call, P.M., and eight honorary justices, when Mr. O'Loghlen (Crown prose- cutor) and Mr. M'Farland appeared for the prosecution, and Messrs. Purves, Molesworth, and Williams for the defendant The first charge proceeded with was for evading the duties on the 100 dozen pairs of gloves and 30 dozen of scarfs, and the case which the Crown endeavoured to prove was, that on the goods duties were evaded by means of a false entry and false invoice ; that both the quantities and values of these goods were falsified ; that, in fact, goods were imported and passed through the Customs which never paid duty (this referred to the 30 dozen of scarfs) ; and that on what did pay duty the values were reduced. The Crown prosecutor said that on or about May or June last year, Trowell, who was manager of the departments (the hosiery and gloves departments) in defendant's place of busi- ness, submitted an order to the general manager, Mr. Brind, for these and other goods. That document was in pencil, and it was ordering these goods for the winter sale. Mr. Brind approved of the order, and certain items which appeared in this invoice were amongst those goods. This order was copied into the home-order book, and then was copied in triplicate, one copy going home, one to be retained, and the third, perhaps, also sent home for safety. The original in pencil was destroyed. The invoice of the purchase of some of these goods came to this colony, and was brought to Trowell by one of the clerks in the firm, and Trowell placed it in one of the clips on his desk. After some time the shipping clerk came round to Trowell with a recapitulation statement, which contained the numbers of the cases and the amounts, but not the details of the goods. The clerk went over the amounts and the figures on the cases, and these corresponding, this was considered checked. The manager, Mr. Brind, also came round with a recapitulation statement. The invoice was handed to Trowell, and put in one of his clips, and was checked by Mr. Brind and the shipping clerk as he had described. The amount of that invoice was about £110 odd. The goods ar- rived, and were got through the Custom- house, and were delivered at the defendants' warehouse. Trowell, with his invoice in his hand, checked off the goods line by line, and all agreed with the original invoice-100 dozen gloves, and these fancy scarfs. He then marked these goods, first with the cost price, and then with the selling price, The goods then remained in the warehouse, and the invoice which the Crown alleged to be the original invoice was left in the clip in Trowell's desk ; and that invoice the Crown had given the defendant notice to produce. Then about the 8th March, Trowell left defendant's employment, and gave information to the Customs. It was said that Trowell had suspected for six years the practices of the firm, but had no proof till after he left their employment. In the entry passed at the Customs for the goods it was for case 63 in diamond, con- taining 100 dozen gloves, the declared value being £61 8s. No reference was made to fancy scarfs in the entry. In the invoice pre- sented to and accepted by the Customs there were 70 dozen gloves and 30 dozen scarfs, the shipping clerk writing 100 dozen at the bottom. The Crown prosecutor alleged that the duty should have been 10 per cent, upon £120, whereas all the duty actually paid was £615s. The principal witness called for the prose- cution was the informer, Thos. J. Trowell, who was relied upon to deny the following statement, made on oath by Mr. George Ste- venson before the collector of customs: "George Stevenson, sole resident partner of L, Stevenson and Sons, examined on oath this 5th day of April, 1876, says :-I deny emphatically that the firm of L. Stevenson and Sons have been defrauding the revenue for a number of years by means of under- valued invoices. Mr. Hill never made out any false invoices. The invoices pointed out upon which duty has been paid are the genuine ones, and give the true value of the goods in the countries from which exported. I cannot positively state the reason why measurements are given for free goods and not for dutiable goods, with the exception of carpeting. I believe it to be merely a coin- cidence, and might at any time occur the other way. The rule of marking and of initialling departmental invoices is neither strictly enforced nor carried out. There was no different system pursued in paying duties between January and July, 1870. I cannot explain why all the invoices of goods per Durham, just arrived, contain the measure- ment of both free and dutiable goods. I am certain there are not two sets of books kept by the firm, one representing the transactions at the Custom-house, and the other the values dealt with by the different departments of the firm of L. Stevenson and Sons. I have no other invoices, but re- ceive statements for some of our goods ex- tended at price plus the discounts, which the firm get in London, and sometimes charges for expenses. For instance, if we received £100 worth of goods with a discount of 10 per cent, the Customs invoice would be for £90, being the actual cost; but in entering the goods in the departmental ledger £100 would be shown as the price. The reason why these statements are not used for dutiable purposes is because, if we paid on them, we should pay duty on valuations far beyond the actual cost. I cannot say why the invoices got from the different departments contain note of the goods upon which we have been allowed the discount referred to above. I cannot say what class of goods these discounts are allowed upon. The declara- tion on the entry marked A made upon my behalf is correct in every particular. I should like to take time to consider whether I shall produce the statements above referred to. " GEO. STEVENSON. "April 5. 1876." Trowell, in his evidence, said that, in June of last year, among other things, he prepared an order for gloves for the present winter season. This order was copied in triplicate, the original pencil memoranda being de- stroyed. He said that he ordered north-west driving gloves at about 40s. per dozen; coaching club gloves at 38s.; men's bran- dore gloves at 36s. per dozen ; lined bran- dore gloves at 41s.; tilburied gloves at 66s.; cloth gloves from 5s. to 15s., or 16s. per dozen. He could not remember the exact numbers or quantities. Got the prices of the goods from invoices of similar goods that they had received before. They all came from Dent, Allcroft, and Co., of London. The mark on the order was 65 in diamond, which represented the number of that house on the firm's books. The mark was not necessarily carried through all the docu- ments. The invoices were received from England late in January or early in Feb- ruary for a portion of the goods so ordered. The goods subsequently arrived by the Ther- mopylae and the witness copied into the shipping clerk's books the number of the case he wanted opened-number 65 in diamond, 341. He then gave a docket to the storeman. The goods arrived, and were delivered to the department of which Trowell was the head. The case was marked "65 in diamond, 311." The witness pro- ceeded to say that, besides the invoice of the gloves, the manager of the warehouse (Mr. Brind) also handed him an invoice for 30 dozen woollen scarfs, as being in the same case. In the case he found 30 dozen scarfs, and to the best of his belief, 100 dozen of gloves. The witness was pressed pretty closely as to whether there was really 100 dozen gloves in the case, but he would not say more positively than to the best of his belief. He said that he knew for certain that there were 7 dozen of north-west driving gloves, at 38a. ; 8 dozen of men's brandore cape, at 364.; he believed 6 dozen of coach- ing club, at 38s ; 6 dozen of brundore line, (or lined cape they ought to be called in the invoice), at, he thought, 41s.; 1 dozen of drab and 1 dozen of white buckskin gloves, at 62s ; 1 dozen of buckskin tilburied, at 70s. There were also several lines of cloth gloves, the exact quantities of which he did not remember. The last line on the invoice was 30 dozen of woollen scarfs, at 2s. 11d., a job lot. The witness then gave the following evidence as to the Customs invoice :-"The first line, 'seven dozen of man's driving gloves,' corresponds with the north-west driving gloves I have referred to. The quan- tity is correct, but not the price. In this in- voice they are put down at 32s. The next line is three dozen of coaching gloves at 32s. The quantity there is incorrect. I think it ought to be six dozen. The price also is incorrect. It is 32s., instead of 38s. The next line is two dozen of cape at 33s 6d. The quantity there should be six dozen, and the price 38s. or 39s. The next line is two dozen at 33s. 6d. The description is not given here, but it was in the genuine invoice. I cannot say that I know this par- ticular line. There is first two dozen at 33s. 6d and then two dozen do, at 33s. 6d. In the genuine invoice the names were stated in the line. I remember that there were four dozen of gloves in the genuine invoice at 41s. The next line is eight dozen at 30s. 4d. This should be eight dozen of brandore at 36s. The next is one dozen of drab buck tilburied at 39s. 6d. ; it should be one dozen at 70s. The quantity is correct Then appears flannel, 4s. 10d., for wrapping the gloves in, and 10s. 6d. for the air-tight case. These two items are perfectly correct The other lines, Abbott's drab cloth gloves, I cannot speak of with certainty as re- gards the quantities. My recollection is that they are understated, and I am sure that the prices are too low. The first line is eight dozen at 4s. To the best of my recollection that ought to be 12 dozen at 5s. 6d. After the cloth gloves there are two dozen of men's drab and white gloves at 52s. 9d. In the original invoice, which I initialled, these appeared as two dozen of drab and white buck gloves at 52d. On the line containing 30 dozen fancy scarfs, ' job,' there appear the words, ' 421 H O,' which refer to the number of the order. They are in- voiced at 2s. 7d. In the genuine invoice the price was 2s. 11d. 'H.O.' means the home order-book. There is a difference between the Customs invoice and the original in- voice of over £48." The witness also proceeded to state that while at Steven- son's he was paid partly by salary, partly by bonus on the goods sold and the profits made, and that the average duty charged to his department in making up the accounts was 8 per cent, whereas if the firm paid full duty to the Customs it should have been 11 per cent. It further ap- peared on Trowell's examination that he had been discharged on an accusation of sacrificing the goods in his depart- ment, and for laying the blame on his juniors. The witness, however, denied that he had sacrificed them, and denied state ments made by two witnesses subsequently called for the defence, Messrs. Blakeney and Miles, as to his offering them goods at a very great reduction on the proper prices, with the view of enabling him to make up his sales so as to secure his bonus for sales. In cross-examination he also said that he could not tell the size of the box which contained the scarfs and gloves, but ultimately said he could tell if he had any- thing to compare it by. A box was then shown to him, and he said it was larger than that. He then suddenly gave the exact di- mensions of the box which he said contained the scarfs and gloves ; but it appeared that he had merely arrived at those figures by adding 4in, all round to the figures on the box shown to him. He also admitted that on the occa- sion of a picnic given by the firm a few weeks before his dismissal he had written a cantata, which contained the following words : ' To those kind hearts whose faithful care Arranged that all the joy should share Our hearty thanks we give. May Heaven their projects prosper well." The remainder of the evidence for the Crown was principally formal proofs, and the prose- cution closed, there being this significant omission, that no witnesses had been called to prove that the goods were undervalued. The defendant's counsel then addressed the Court, remarking that the Crown had made in effect three charges-one of smuggling 30 dozen of gloves, the second "of being know- ingly concerned in the fraudulent evasion of Customs on 100 dozen gloves and 30 dozen scarfs," and the third the paltry, ridiculous, and absurd charge of substituting 30 dozen of scarfs for 30 dozen of gloves. The charge of smuggling 30 dozen gloves had, it was sub- mitted, broken down, as it was quite evident that no such goods had ever been received ; and the only question was whether the proper duty had been paid on the 70 dozen gloves and 30 dozen scarfs. The duty was payable only on the market value of the goods in England. It was also contended for the defendant that the box which Trowell said contained 100 dozen gloves and 30 dozen scarfs could not have con- tained that quantity of goods. Mr. L. S. Christie, a wholesale and retail draper at Ballarat, Mr. G. M. Bradshaw, a draper in Melbourne, Mr. H. W. Cator, manager for Messrs. Buckley and Nunn, Mr. Lunora, assistant at Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and CO.'s, Mr. M. F. Cuthbertson, manager for the same firm, gave evidence that with- out seeing the invoices they had estimated the value of the cloves and scarfs as seized by the Customa officials. The valuations they gave varied very little from that on which the duty had been paid ; in some instances they valued the goods at less, and in others a little more. Mr. Blakeney, lately a draper, but now retired from business, stated :- In May, 1875, Trowell said to me, ' Will you do us a good turn, old fellow ! ' I said, ' What is it?' He said he was rathor short in his sales in his department, and I would oblige him very much if I would take £100 worth of goods, and hold them until two or three weeks after stock-taking. I said, 'What do you mean?' He said his sales were rather short, and if I took these goods and held for that time he would take them back and give me 10 per cent on the transaction, I said I would have nothing to do with it. I left the warehouse then." (This evidence Trowell said was not true.) The justices deliberated about an hour, and the police magistrate announced that a majority had decided to dismiss the case. The announcement was received with grea cheering in court, and the decision has been since generally accepted as a proper one. It was thought that the Government would not proceed with any other charge in view of this defeat, but at a Cabinet meeting it was de- termined to leave the matter to the depart- mental Customs and Law officials. These have determined to proceed with the charge of undervaluing the flannels, but although this case has lasted three days, the time has been principally taken up in endeavouring to prove formal matters, and nothing of importance has as yet transpired. MYSTERY AT HAWTHORN. Great interest has been excited during the past two weeks by a tragic and mysterious affair which has taken place at Hawthorn. A widow named Ann Thompson, 45 years of age, who had carried on the business on a drapery store for the last 15 years in Burwood road, disappeared in a very unaccountable way on Easter Monday. The only person who lived in the same house was her only son, Joseph Alfred Thompson, a young man 23 years of age, by whom she was assisted in the management of the business. Young Thomp- son, when on a hawking trip up-country, about lost Christmas, displeased his mother by being guilty of'profligate and immoral conduct Previously they had lived on the most aiTectionate terms, but this seeras to have caused a rupture between them, and so much did Mrs. Thompson take to heart the evil conduct of her son, that she threatened to drown herself it he did not reform. During Easter a niece of Mrs. Thompson "paid »visit to their house, aud States that when the three were outdriving ou Easter Friday, Mrs. Thompson asked what they would think if she disappeared suddenly without telling anyone, and wrote to them after a long time. Both of the young people treated the question as a joke. On Easter Monday, April 17, Mrs. Thompson suggested to her son that he should take his cousin to seo the sports at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, They went to the gar- dens, but on tbeir return found that Mrs Thompson had disappeared. On the follow- ing Wednesday the niece went home to her friends in the country, and young Thomp- son was left alone. In reply to letters from his relatives he subsequently stated that his mother had returned, and that -all was well, but to the frequent inquiries of the neighbours he said that he hourly expected her return, or that she was sickly and in bed. On the 24th of May he -closed the shop in accordance with the usual custom on the Queen's birthday, but it was kept shut on the following days also, aud the only explanation given was notices in the young man a own handwriting, posted on the window, to the effect that his mother was absent m the country, and that he himself was occupied wita business ia town. The neighbours began to get suspicious that all was not right, and the premises were en- tered by the police. The only living creature they found was the young man's horse, which stood Btarving in a small paddock at the rear of the building. Search was at once made for 'the missing persons, and a warrant was issued for the arrest of the young man on a charge of -cruelty to his horse. The premises were -examined again and again, but no trace -could be found of the mother or her son, and tbe premises were taken possession of by their relatives and creditors. Two gentlemen, relatives of the missing persons, slept in the house, and on the morning of the 1st of June tbey observed a disagreeable odour pervad- ing almost all the rooms. A fresh search was instituted, and a bulging depression was observed in tho calico ceiling of the room in which the gentlemen had been Bleeping. The ceiling was rent open, and the body of young Thompson banging dead by his neck from the rafters was disclosed to view. The dis- covery caused great excitement in the neigh- bourhood. It was at first feared that the young man had murdered his mother and then com- mitted suicide, but although it was only too true that he had rushed upon Belf- destruction, nothing boa transpired of a trustworthy nature to Bhow that he did so with the orime of matricide upon his head. The search for the missing woman has been -continued with the utmost vigour, but no trace of her has as yet been found. It is believed that she has left the colony, in accordance with the remark she made to her son and her niece on Easter Friday, and that her intention in doing so was to frighten her son from his evil courses ; while he, on the other hand, stung with remorse at having caused his mother's mysterious disappear- ance, committed suicide. DISASTROUS FIRES, Thursday, May 25, will be memorable io the annals of the city of Melbourne from the fact that three very Berious and destructive fires occurred, whereby property to the value of many thousands of pounds was destroyed. The fires followed closely one on the other, and were all within the limited area com prised in the block bounded by Flinders, Elizabeth, Collins, and Swanston streets. About a quarter ' after 3 o'clock in the morning the first alarm of fire was given, and the Oriental Mills of Messrs. R, Harper and Co., Flinders- street, were found to be in flames. Whilst the firemen were engaged in extinguishing the conflagration there, an- other fire broke out in the Flinders Bond, also situated in Flinders-street, and about BO yards above Messrs. Harpers'. Both tbese fires were burning fiercely, and the firemen were taxed beyond their strength in en -deavouring to get them under control. For several hours streams of water were poured on the fires, which were at length re duced to a smouldering amongst the burning débris. At 1 o'clock the services of the fire- I men were again called into requisition by the outbreak of a third destructive fire in Messrs. Sander Lazarus and Co.'s warehouse, Eliza- beth-street, the two upper stories of which were gutted. This alarming series of fires unfortunately occurred imme- diately after the Ballarat Fire Brigade -demonstration, and many of the members of the volunteer suburban brigades had not re- turned to town. The paid insurance brigade, who did not visit Ballarat, worked well, how ever, under the direction of Superintendent Hoad ; and the men of the Garrison Artil- lery, under Captain Stubbs and Lieutenant Nicholson, notwithstanding their fatigue from their efforts at the review the pre viona day, gave valuable aid in putting out the fires. The destruction of property by these fires was very great The Flinders Bond con- tained gooda worth nearly £100,000, while in the Oriental Milla was a large stock of -coffee, spices, ka., valued at over £15,000 The loss by the fire at Sander Lazirus and Co.'BiseBtimatedatbetween£7,000and£S,000 . In all cases the properly was well insured Thestock of Messrs. Sander Lazarus and Co. was insured for £5.500, in the following companies:-Norwicb, Lancashire, London and Lancashire, Victoria, Hanseatic, £1,000 each; and the Victorian Permanent, £500 The insurance of Harper's mills wa £1,500 on the building in the Derwent ano Tamar office, and £13,000 on the stock, the latter being divided as follows amongst the insurance offices named :- Victoria, £1,000 ; Hanseatic, £1.000; South British, £1,000; Norwich Union, £2,000; National of New Zealand, £1,000; New Zealand, £1,000 ; Derwent and Tamar, £1,000; Tasmanian, £1,000; Lancashire, £1,000; Victoria Permanent, £1,000; Standard ol New Zealand, £1,000; Australian Alliance, .£1,000; in all £14,500. The total of in surance on goods in Shaw's bond is £62,946 divided as follows amongst various offices : -London and Lancashire, £4,000 ; Vic torio, £3,500 ; National of New Zealand, £1,500; South British. £2,500; Norwich, £9,040 ; Tasmanian, £1,000 ; Alliance British and Foreign, £0,500; Derwent and Tamar, £1,000 ; Hanseatic, £2.000 ; National, £2,000 ; Koiul, £6.500 ; New Zealand, £1,100 ; Aus tralian Alliance, £5,000; Imperial, £10.800; Northern, £-1,500 ; and Standard, £2,000. The total amount for which the insurance com- panies are liable on account of the three fires is £82,910. Inquests have been held on all these fires, but the evidence given failed to show bow they originated, and open verdicts were returned. On the same day a small fire occurred at Carlton, and early on the following morning half a dozen shops at Sandhurst were burnt to the ground, causing a loss of severa' thousand pounds. A few days previously, on the 19th May, the warehouse of Messrs. P. Falk and Co,, tobacco and cigar merchants and general importers, Littlo Collins-street, Melbourne, waB destroyed by fire. The damage to stock was very great, but it wa« covered by insurances, distributed amongs' the companies as follows :-Australian Alii ance, £2,000; Imperial, £2,000 ; Victoria £2,000; Standard of New Zealand, £1,000; South British, £2 000 ; National of Austral Asia, £1,000; New Zealand, £1,000; Tas- manian, £1,000; Norwich Union, £1,000 .London and Lancashire, £2,000 ; total, .£15,000. GOLD AND THE GOLDFIELDS. There have been no new discoveries o' importance chronicled with respect to gold mining during the past month, but the pro greBS made in the mines regularly worked has been good, and very assuring as regards -the future permanency of the mining interest in this colony. The most encouraging matte ?in the latter respect is the certainty now -established that quartz will yield payable -, gold at great depths from the surface, a fací .once gonerally doubted, more especially bj -some scientific geological theorists. In lasi month's summary of The Argus it was men \- tioced that Coz. 8dwt. of gold per ton had been obtained, at a depth of 1,000ft, from a parcel of about 20 tons of stone taken from the claim of the Oriental Company at Stawell, and that other companies had found payabli gold at about 1,000ft The depth at which tin Oriental stone was got was the greatest from -which payable quartz bad heretofore beer,' taken in quantity, and it was hoped, for thi future prospects of mining generally, that the company would find .their good stone to continuo. The past month has fulfilled the hope, as the company about 10 days, aga ?crushed another parcel of 2-1 tons of stone,1 from whioh the return was at the rate ol ' .Soz. 7dwt per ton. The lode in the mine waa also then ascertained to be increasing in thickness as it was further developed, thus \- showing, as far as could be judged, that the .depth made no-difference in regatd to the size or quality of the reef Scientific inves tigation has achieved sufficient victories to enable it to beor an occasional rebuke aud Victorians must not, therefore flaunt too much in the face of philosophers because the quartz lodes ore turning out far differently from what some of thom prealc'-ed It ia pleasant to be able to record a gradual bnt marked improvement- in mining pros pecte and the accumulation of evidence that we con depend upon our quartz reefs for many years to come Indeed we may safely go a great deal farther and say that there is every reason to believe that before long we may fairly expect to see a revival in mining industry which will bo felt throughout the length and breadth of the colony Little by little facts are being accumulated which go to show that the quartz may bs trusted. Those who gave up in despair some 10 or 12 years ago and imbued the famous gold fieldB commission with their despondent views may well be surprised at the results since achieved, and the prospects which there ore now of still further and more wonderful discoveries There is of course a great deal to be said on the other side Several famous quartz mines have long disappeared from the dividend list and some pay buta \ery small percentage of their former amounts whilst failures can be reckoned, which all go to show how very uncertain mining is But allowing for all that may be put down as evidence of failure ltmuat be admitted that on the whole quartz mining is making considerable pro greas, and there is good reason to believe that it will yet prove to be a still more profit- able industry than it is at the present time and that too in places where quartz minea bave not hitherto been very favourably re garded At Sandhurst somo of the quartz mines have been yielding splendid returns during the past month, more especially those of the Victory and Pandora companies As Bamplea of the returns of gold of aomo of the companies the following which are ia each case fortnightly returna may bo givon - Victory 17350Z. Johnsons Reef 332oz Gorden Gully United 320oz Catherine Reef 33"oz Pandora 2 029oz Golden Stream 907oz Shenandoah 337oz North Shenan doab 403 7 Victory 1 7C4oz Garden Gall) United 397oz Ti e Magdala Company of Stawell who have Btruck a gold bearing quartz reef at the great depth of 1 700ft hove not yet had a trial crushing of their stone although it was found some months ago and their shares have considerably receded in price sine? the rise which took place aftor the auriferous Btone was found The directors ot the com pony have isaued a printed circular to all the shareholders m which they give a lull ac count of the workings and prospects of the mine Bhowing how mistakes and miBcalcula tiona ha\e occurred and how it waa not possible for them to hove done more than they did with the knowledge at their com mond They admit that if the Btone they etruck had shown gold as freely as that struck in the Oriental mine they too would have had a trial crushing taken out within o week or two after cutting the lode but as all the email parcele of Btone tried privately yielded a handsome return-equal it is reckoned to be more than an ounce to the ton-and as the stone is expected to improve as they approach the tarn over of the lode they did not think it necessary to order a trial crushing ot a few tons of the atone only but preferred to wait till a good kiln could be got out and burnt The prospecta of deep quartz mining have also been reported aa improving on Clunes and Ballarat and it may be stated as evidencing the great strides made in that class of mining that although only two or three years ago the yield from alluvial mines was greater than from quartz m nos the latter have so far outstripped the former that according to the estimates from the Government mining registrars the yield of gold froi i quartz for the quarter ending 31at March of this year was 142 O44oz while from alluvium it was only 97 8OJOZ Several parties have been sent out dunn; the past few montha to prospect for gold in parts of the colony where hitherto mining has not been carried on their expanses bein¡> defrayed out of a sum of £10 000 voted bj Parliament for prospecting purposes bat hitherto none of them have found payable gold The reports of the mining surveyors and registrars with tabulated statements ol the whole of the reporta prepared by the Mining department for the quarter ending 31st March last have just been published From information obtained from gold buyers and others by the mining aurveyors and registrars the estimated quantity of gold ob tamed during the quarter was 240 929oz lidwt of which 97 98ooz lOdwt waa alluvial gold uudl42 944oz 3dwt quartz gold The amount of gold exported through the Cue tom house dnring tbo quarter was 158 14JOZ 17dwt The groes weight of rough gold taken into the Royal Mint in the quarter was 16 017 64oz . and of gold bullion 77 8J4 98OZ or a total of 82187 GGoz In the correspond me quarter of 1875 the estimated amount of gold obtained was 238 3OJOZ 17 Iwt of whicb 98 476oz 2dwt was alluvial gold and 139 8790Z. 15dwt quartz gold The amount exported in that quarter through the Customs waa lOOOSGoz. 3dwt and the amount re ceived into the Royal Mint 93 o¿3 Hoz The amount of gold obtained in tho respective quarters was therefore so far as an estimate can bo formed almost equal the difference according to the mining registrars asaamp tion being 2 573oz 10iwt in favour of the 187G quarter The total number of miners at work in the quarter ending March l8 6 waa estimated at 40 073 of whom 15 237 Europeans and 11 088 Chinese were engaged in alluvial mining and 14 220 Europeans and 128 Chinese in quartz mining The minera were distributed in the seven districts into which the colony is divided in the following proportions - Ballarat 8 077 Beechworth 5 773 Sand hurst 0 980 Maryborough 7 5J2 Castle maine G 924 Ararat 31G1 Gipps Land 2 306 The number of miners estimoted to bavo been at work m the corresponding quarter of 1875 was 42 489 of whom there were employed in the Ballarat district 9 G82 Beechworth C187 Sandhurst 7160 Mary borough 7 300 Castlemaine G 669 Ararat, 3 0u7 Gipps Land 2 434 Iho approximate value of all the mining plant ia the colony at the end of last March was £2 040 01G the number of square miles of auriferous ground actually worked upon 1 lOOf and the num ber of distinct quartz reefs actually proved to be auriferous 3 208 There were no leas than 13 shafts sunk over 1 OOOfc at the end of the quarter The Newington Companys shaft was down 1 748ft the Magdala 1 70Gfr the Prince Patrick 1408ft the South Scotch mons 1 202ft the Oriental 1070ft the Crown Cross Reef United 1015ft and the West Scotchman s 1 020ft All these com pames were situated at Stawell and at Clunes the shaft of the Port Phillip Companj was down 1 013ft and that of the New North Clunes Company 1 lOift At Sand hurst, the shaft of tho Victoria Reef Company was sunk to 1 043ft and the Hustler s Reef Company s Bhaft to 1 003ft The mining surveyors and registrars ob tain all the information they can in their re spective districts of the amount of quartz crushed by different companies as well OB the yield but as they ha a no means of compelling mine owners to give returns they cannot obtain them from all parties They however get them from most of the mine-owners or managers and the Mining department condenses the information each quarter in order to show the extent to which quartz mining is carried on m each district, aa well as the amount of gold obtained from tbe stone The table for the March quarter which ia Bubjoined will t,tve an idea of the results achieved in quartz mining in the various districts it being understood that the whole colony ia divided into Bevon portions which are named as given ¡n the table - Mining Districts. (¿usrtz. Ballarat Beechworth Sandhurst alaryborough Castltmalne Ararat Gipps land Totals Quantity Tons 09 444 8 010 00138 8 COO 25 376 20 400 0 701 2"0 765 7 0 10 14 63 13 31-20 7 U-71 7 1710 17 20 2« 6 2171 0 11 l8 OO' 135 270 4 201 02 637 21W 0 700 l8'¿80 12 601 The mining surveyors and registrars also obtain some similar information respecting he results of alluvial mining but it is not extensive enough to allow a correct estimate io be formed of the alluvial anning industry uore __-_ AGRICULTURE The season has continued unusually dry for though rains havo fallen at intervals thoy have been nothing mora than light showers just sufficient to keep the surface moist but not to penetrate into the soih The equinoctial rams which came at about the orthodox period greatly helped the work of ploughing so that a good breadth of wheat waa got in and in the early districts some progresa was made in oat sowing The woik of laying down land in grasses in the older agricultural districts ia hor ever still proceeding as fast as the labour at command will permit In the early part of the season tno grasses chiefly used for this purpose were in short supply and this induced many landowners in early día tricts to postpone the intended sowing ion another year The scarcity and high price of lucerne in Europe has also checked consider ably the sowing ot that standard forage plant, I of our warmer districts Our chief supplie] ore obtained from the other side of the globe, and it may prove worth the while of Euro- pean growers to increase their crops of lucerne, with a view to supply the Australian market, as the demand ia yearly augmenting; and with labour at present rates, lucerne seed cannot be crown here in suffi- cient quantity, or, indeed, in any quantity, worthy of mention. The weather has been frosty of late, and the growth of pasturaste in cold, poor country has been checked. Grass is not over abundan», excepting in a few favoured spots, and ia most districts mouths are more plentiful than feed. The autumn lambing bos, so far, been moderately successful, but in some of the earliesi dis- tricts the rains reduced the averages. lu the Western district of Victoria some alarm has been felt amongst flockowners, in conse- quence of losses by liver rot and flake. The pastures there are grossly rank, and thus, as often occurs in England and Scot- land under similar conditions, sheep have rotted and died rather suddenly. The season's experience will doubtless lead to cattle being substituted for aheep on country which has proved unsound. An Order in Council has been issued by the Executive, declaring the colony clean from scab. For several months past there has been no trace of Bcab discovered, and the chief inspector of scab considers that the colony can now be held to be absolutely clean. The Chief Secretary has communi- cated with the New South Wales Govern- ment, with the view of arranging that sheep may be permitted to cross the border under the same regulations that sheep are allowed to land in Sydney by sea. This ar- rangement, if made, will last until the end of the year, and if no fresh out- break occurs an agreement can then be come to to allow sheep to pass from one colony to the other without hindrance. Mr, R, W. Emerson M'lvor, a gentleman who lately arrived in the colony, under engage- ment with Mr. W. J. Clarke to delivar, during the next two years, a series of lec- tures to his tenants, has proceeded to fulfil his engagement by lecturing at Ballarat to tbe local Farmers' Club on "Chemistry in its application to Agriculture." and at Rom- sey on "The Principles of Manuring." The lectures were heard by large and appreciative audiences. The Minister for Agriculture has decided that the departmental exhi- bition for the current season shall ba held at Sandhurst, in conjunction with the show of the Bendigo Agricultural Society. THE WEATHER. The weather during the month has been very fine and pleasant, and there have only been a few days on which light steady rain has fallen. The highest temperature in the Bhade, 70 9, was recorded on the afternoon of May 9, and the lowest, 34'8, on the early morning of May 20, which is the lowest noted this season. The highest reading of the barometer, 30*567, occurred on the evening of the 14th ; the lowest, 29 350, on the after- noon of the 30tb. The total rainfall since the beginning of the year is 9 89in., as com- pared with 15'OOin. during the same period in 1876,13'15in. in 1874, 1217m. in 1873, 13-27ÍU, in 1872, ll'53in. in 1871, 11 92in. in 1870, 7 28in. in 1869, 7'45in. in 1868, 10'18in. in 1807, 7 54in. in 1866, 6'72¡D. in 1865, 12'17in. in 1864, 12-91in. in 1863, 1145in. in 1862, 12'00in. in 1861, 9 73in. in 1860, 7'56in. in 1859\. 8 92in. in 1858, or an average of 10 Glin. THE LABOUR MARKET. The labour market remains without change in the quoted rate?. The building trades are not so briskly employed as for some months past There is a falling off in private work, but the large jobs keep the men fairly em- ployed. House servants are in as much de- mand as ever. The clothing factories are all fully employed. In thó iron trades busi- ness is dull. There is a good supply of ordinary labouring men. The following are the rates of wages paid : Domestic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £30 to £36 per annum ; female cooks receive from £35 to £60 per annum ; male do., 30s. to 80s. per week ; nursemaids, £25 to £35 pcrannum ; laundres8es,£30to£40perannum. For Hotels- Cooks, male and female, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £35 to £40 per do. For Stations-First-class married couples for home stations, £70 to £90 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do.; cooks, £-15 to £55 per do.; housemaids, £35 to £40 per do. For Farms-Men cooks. £50 per annum ; married couples, £60 to £70 per do.; women servants, £30 to £35 per do. ; farming men, 20s. per week ; milkmen, 20s. per do.; ploughmen, about 20s. per do. Waiters for hotels, 25s. to 35s. per week ; grocers' assistants, 15s. to 30s. do.; general atore do., 20s. to 40s. do.; nursery gover- nesses, £30 to £40 per annum ; finishing do., £60 to £80 do. Station Hands.-rStockmen receive from £60 to £76 per annum ; shepherds, 15s. to 20s. per week ; ordinary working men, 15s. to 20s. per do.; drovers, 25s. to 40s. per do.; gardeners, les. to 25s. per do. The following wages for skilled labourers and tradesmen ore without rations : Building Trades.-Stonemasons, 10s. per day ; plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, 10s. per do.: carpenters. 10s. per do.; labourers, 7s. per do. ; pick-and- shovel men, 6s. di. per do, The day's work is eight hours. Bootmakers.-For rivettingchildren's boots the rate is 6d. per pair ; boys, 10d.; women's, Is,; and men's, Is. 3d. The same rates are paid for finishing. In some of the best order shops the rates paid are :-AVelhngtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. Gd.; closing, 8s. Good hands for ladies' boots aro scarce. Machinists are wanted at 30s. per week, eight hours per day. Higher rates are paid in first and second class " bespoke shops. Bakers.-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second hands, £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. Butchers-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys, 15s. to 20s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50B. per week ; small-goods men (pork butchers) re- ceive 30s. to 40s. per week, with rations j superior men receive more. Brassfinishers and Coppersmiths.--In the engine fitting Bhops there is a fair supply of workmen; the wages are from 9s. to 12s. Eer day. The same rates are paid in the fine ross-finishing shops, but good tradesmen are much wanted. Cabinetmakers.-The earnings of the men employed in this trade are very variable. In some of the best shops in Melbourne the wages paid are as high as £310s. per week, while in inferior establishments the men receive from £210s, to £3 per week. In the country the wages paid are still less. East end hands are wanted. Clothing Factories.-Where the work is done on the premises, the wages earned aro as follow :-Tailoressea, from £1 to £1 15s. per week ; pressers, £2 to £2 15s. and upwards. From 12a. to £1 is earned at ehirtmakini! in factory honra, but the greater portion is taken home. Clothing machiniste earn from 15s. to 30s. per week in factory hours. Coopers.-Most of the work in this trade is done by the pieco ; the wanes fixed by the trade are 10a. per day of 10 hours. Tallow casks are made at 5s. to 5s. 6d. for thirds and 4s. 6d. for fourths. Thirds are now most mado, there being bnt little demand for fourths. Coachbuilders. -Smiths receive from £2 10s. to £3 5s. and £1 per week. A few hands carn as high as £4 per woek. Bodymakers - Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good hands are from £2 10s. to as high as £4 per week. Wheelers - Most of this work is done by the pieco ; the wages made are from £2 10s. to £3 10s. per week Painters receive from 9s. to 12s. per day. Trimmers get from £210s. to £310s per week Vyee men earn from £110s. to £2 per week. The rate of labour in this trade is 10 hours per day. Drapers.-In all the best establishments well-qualified drapers' assistants earn from £2 10s, to £4 per week. Carpet salesmen obtain about the same rates. Upholsterers, £210a. to £3 and £4 per week. Mantle makers, 15*. to 20s. per week. Milliners from 35s. to £3 10s per week. Needlewomen and dressmaker* from 15s. to 20s. por week. Farriers.-First-class firemon get £2 15a. per week ; door-men receive from £1 10*. to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s. to 30s. per week, with their board and lodging. Grooms in livery stables get from 30s. to 40a. per week ; coachmen roceive from 35s. to 50s. per do. Gardeners.-The men in this trade are not at all well paid. In situations near town the rates are from 30s. to 40g. per week without rations. The rates with rations are 15s. to 20s. Very good men get 25s. per woek. Hattors. - Bodymakers receive 18a. to 20s. per dozen; finishers, 22s. to 24s. per dozen ; sbaperp, 4s. to Ga. per dozen, and 12s. per dozen for broad curls; crown sewers, 4s. per dozen ; trimmers, 6s. to 8s. per dozen. Iron Trades.-Fitters reçoive from 9a. to 12s. per day; turners from 10s. to 13a. per do. ; boilormakers and platers from 12s. to 12s. per do.; riveters from 9s. to Ile. per do.; blacksmiths from 10s. to 13s, per do.: hammermen from 7s. to 8s. per do., and moulders from 10s. to 12s. and 13s. per do. Jewellers.-In themanufacturing jewellers* ¡ eatabliahments the workmen roceive from £215a. to £3 15a. For the finer work the wages range higher. Good tradesmen can get full employment. First-class jewellers' enamellers are wanted. Seal engravers are also much wanted, and high wages could be obtained by a competent workman. Miners.-The averago ratea for miners is £2 per week for surface miners, and £2 5a. for underground work ¡ in aome deep wet minea £2 10s, is paid. In some outlying districts higher rates aro obtained, but only by a few men. An attempt ia boing made in some of the mining districts to lower the ratea. Navvies.-The rate paid the men era ployed on the Government railwaya ia 6a. Od. per day. Painters and Glaziers.-Fair tradosmen re- ceive 9s. per day. This trado is fully sup- plied. Plumbers and gasfitters reçoive £3 per week of eieht hours per day. Printers, ice.-Tho rate paid in this trade is Is. por 1,000. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers are paid £2 10s. to £3 15a. per week ; binders. £2 to £3 per week ; paper rulers, £3 to £3 10s. per week. The demand for labour in theBO trades ia limited, and is at present- fully supplied ; good head men get higher rates in the binders and lithographing departments. Stevedores' Men, &c-Lumpers;' wages are 12s. per day at present. There is a good deal of business doing. Engineers in tug- boats and donkey-engine drivers receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hours. Work is irregular. Sailors receive £5 per month in Bailing vessels, and £6 per month in steamships. Saddlers.-Really good tradesmen are scarce, but second-class workmen are plen- tiful enough. The eamingB are about £2 10s. per week. The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25a. to 35a. per week. The work in this trade is nine hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.-Beamsmen receive 40a. to 50s. per week ; sbedsmen, 42s. to 45a Ïierdo.; tannera, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 0 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Tailors.-In first-class eatabliahments the rate paid is Is. per hour. In aocond-clasB shops the earnings are from £210s. to £3 per ?weet. In faetones the rates vary, the men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per week ; ironworkers, £2 10s. to £3 per do.; galva- nisera, £3 per do. Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece. Watchmakers.-The general rate of wages in this trade is £210s. to £4 per week, though some of the superior workmen get as high as £5. s _ RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending Jane 1 do not compare favourably with the returns for the corresponding period of last year. The goods traffic shows a considerable falling off. The amount received for the carriage of passen- gers is £7,986 Ile. 8d., as against £0,598 8s. 3d. last year, showing an increase of £1,387 18B. 5d. in favour of the present year. The amount received for the carriage of goods is £9,36319s. 7d" as against £11,193 8s. 3d. last year, Bhowing a redaction of £1,829 9s. lid in the present year's returns. The total returns for the week amount to £17,380 11s. 3d., as sgainBt £17,791 log. 9d. lost year, showing a reduction of £441 5s. Gd. against the present year. The aggregate returns from July 1 amount to £920,522 16s. 8d., as against £862,29610s. 4d. last year, giving an increase of £64,236 6s. 4d. in favour of the present year. The weekly averago for 48 weeks is £19,302 11s. 8d" as against £17,904 10s. 3d., the average for the same period of Iset year, showing a weekly increase of £1,338 Is. 5d. in favour of the present year. The returns of the traffio on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway for the four weeks ending'Jnne 3 compare favourablyjwith JaBtyearin the passenger traffic, but exhibit a falling-off in the gooda traffic. The amount received for the carriage of passengers is £9,316 19a. 10d., aa against £8,864 8*. last year, showing an increase of £452 Ils. lOd. in favour of the present year. The goods traffic gives a return of £2,546 l8. 4d., as against £3,02012a. 5d. last year, Bhowing a falling-off in the present year's returns of £474 Ha. Id The total returns for the four weeks amount to £11,863 Is. 2d., as against £11,885 03. 5d. laBt year, showing a redaction of £2119s. 3d. againBt the -present year. Tbe aggregate returns to date amount to £78,823 2a. 2d., as against £75,298 Ila. 4d., showing an increase in favour of the present year of £3,524 10A lOd. The weekly average is £3,606 Sa. Od., as against £3,422 13s. 3d., showing a weekly increase of £184 2s. 6d. in favour of the present year. THE VOLUNTEERS The chief ¡tem of interest in reference to the volunteers this month is the review which took place on the Queens Birthday. Two years having elapsed since the members of the force had an opportunity of manoeu- vring in the field, there was a general expres- sion of satisfaction among the men when it was notified that a review and field evolu- tions would take place on the Queen's Birth- day, and that they are willing to turn out when possible was plainly evinced by more than 2,700 giving up their holiday in order to have a day's steady drill. The field day was one of the best that baa been seen for many years. The movements were good, and the men were steady, whereas on some former occasions it has been noticed that the men became excited and unsteady and broke their formation, which would have caused their annihilation had they been in actuul watfare. The contrary was the case, however, during tho movements this time, for the men were as steady under fire as framed troops. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Sir James M'Culloch, Sir Francis Murphy, and Major Pitt, R A, wa« on the ground, and remained until the close of the day's proceedings The general public muBtered very strongly, as during the day there must have been between 18,000 and 20,000 persona scattered along the beach between the Sandridge battenes and St Kilda There were represented six troops of the V.V. Light How, nino corpB of Artillery, the Engmeer, Torpedo, and Signal corpB, and four battalions of Rifles, including 14 corps It was to be supposed that an enemy s squadron, represented by the Nelson (as the Cerberus was unable to take part in the affair owing to a mishap to one of her turrets), had forced its way through the Heads and reached Hobson'« Bay. In order to create a diversion in their favour they had landed a strong body of troops (represented by the green and grey Rifles and the St Kilda Artillery) somewhere below St Kilda, with the object of attacking the Sandridge bit tenes in flank and rear, while the ships en gaged the batteries both at Sandridge and Williamstown from seaward The defending force (represented by the Artillery corpB, Cavalry, Engineers, and red Rifles, had, ID addition to warding off the attack from the Bta aleo to secure themselves from a flank attack, and accordingly three earthworks had been thrown up, and the ground in advance mined as a further protection. When the programme was originally arranged it was proposed that there Bhould bo two columns of attatk, but at the laat moment it wae found necessary to alter this, as the fire brigade demonstration at Ballarat had the effect of weakening the battalion of green rifles, and it was decided to form one attacking column. The St Kilda Artillery were there fore moved round from the Park on the north of the railway line, where they had taken upa position, to the south side of the railway, on the extreme right of the attack ing force This programme was satisfao torily earned out with some slight modi fications. The weather was so fine and clear that the flig signals from the Nelson weie easily discermblo, and it was not found necessary to resort to the use of signal guns Late in the afternoon the whole force was drawn up in line, and having been inspected by the Governor, Gred a feu de jote, the artillery at the same time firing a Rojal salute of 21 guns. Three cheers having been given, the Governor and his staff took np a position in front of the Victorian Rifle Association buildings, when the march past took place. The marching of all the corpa was excellent, but the palm must be given to the Victorian Artillery, Some of the other corps became a little excited, and consequently unsteady, when they were cheered by the crowd. This brought the duy's proceedings to a closo, and the corps were marched off the ground to thoir respec live orderly rooms, where they wore dis missed. THE THEATRES. At the Theatre Royal the engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Lingard baa been brought to o. conclusion. During their appearance at thin theatre they proved themselves to be very capable actors in comedy, and they succeeded in establishing themselves in public favour They performed in " Our Boys," " Married in Haste," "David Garrick," "Sweethearts," and the extravaganza "Pluto " They purpose visiting the provinces, and will afterwards probably re-appear in Melbourne. Mr, Henry Talbot, a tragedian who visited the colonies about six years ngo, has com- menced an engagement at the Theatre Royal. He has appeared as "Hamlet," "Othello." " Macbeth, " "Richelieu," and "Richard III." a His performance is of anegative kind, exhibiting care and industry, but lacking sustaining energy and power. The short series of Sbabapearian diamasgiven has been favourably received, but the company at the theatre is not suited for the representation of high-class tragedy. On Saturday, June 3, a midday perform ance was given for the benefit of the Australasian Dramatic and Musical Association, which proved very succeeBfut? The entertainment included "Not Such a Fool as He Looks," with Mr. Lingard as Sir Simon, and Mr. Coppin as Mould ; a scene from "A Man of the World," in which Mr. Talbot appeared OB Sir Pertinax Macaycophant-a character in which be appeared to advantage-and a scone from " Our Boya." At the Opera-house, Mr. Emmett concluded his opening engagement and has left for Sydney, as the theatre was required for the Opera-bouffe Company. "Fritz" had the remarkable run of 11 weeks, a fact the more astonishing when the utter worthlessneas of the play itself ia considered. Mra. Scott Siddone, who is playing a very successful season in Sydney, will come to Melbourne on its conclusion. MUSIC. Since onr last summary of news on the 15th May, there have been signs of reviving activity in the musical affairs of Melbourne. The South Melbourne Tonio Sol-fa Association, a society recently formed, and making good headway, gave a choral concert on Thursday evening, 18th May, at Emerald-hill. The choral singing was of good quality, under the direction of the conductor, Mr. P. P. Fraser. Tbe full choral services which are occasion- ally held on Sundays in the Melbourne Town hall are good specimens of the skilful per- formance of a particular class of music. A numerous choir can always be got together nnder the able control of Mr, David Lee, the organist Ou May 28 the " Magnificat" and "Nuno Dimittis" were by Ebdon in C, with hymne " Ancient and Modern," and an anthem consisting of "Lord God of Abra- ham," from the Elijah," and the chorus "Lift up your heads, O ye gates," from the "Messiah." The Bervice attracted a large congregation ; the Revs. T. C. Cole and Plow Kane were the officiating clergymen. The annual meeting of the Brighton Philhar- monic Society waa held on the 23rd May, ond the report disclosed a prosperous Btate of affaira. The moBt successful per- formances for the year hod been Mendels- sohn's "Athalie" and Barnett's "Ancient Mariner." On the night of the Queen's Birthday the managers of the entertainments called the People's Concerts, at the Tempe- rance-hall, gove a concert for the benefit of the Asylum and School for the Blind, in the Melbourne Town.halL The place was densely crowded, and the reealt was quits satisfac- tory to the asylum. A number of blind pupils took yart in the entertainment, and displayed highly commendable proficiency in music The Melbourne Temperance Musical Union gave its first public con- cert on the 5th June, at the Temperance hall, in Ruseell-atreet The choir, under the leadership of Herr Ele.tsser, sang aomo part aongs very creditably, and little Miss Eleusser displayed great skill as a pianist The Mel- bourne German Liedertafel gave one of their pleasant social entertainments at Hockin's ABeembly-rooms on the 5th Jane. The gene- ral programme included a concert, sapper, and ball. Mrs. Cutter waa the chief solo vocaliat. Mr. Henry Cartis played Singeloe's fantasia from "La Figlia del Reggimento" in a very praiseworthy manner. Herr Siede, the conductor to the socioty, contributed one of his masterly flute solos ; and Miss Ulbrick, a promising young pianist, played Benedict's " Reminiscences of Ireland" with gocd effect In addition to the mixed choir there was a capital orchestra. The Mozart Symphony in D was amongst the note- worthy parts of the performance. Mr. David Lee, the well-known organist, has been elected to the position of treasurer to the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, of which Mr. J. Summers is the conductor. Mr. Lyster recommenced business at the Opera-house on Tuesday, 6tb, after having had a eeason of astonishing success in Sydney. "The Bohemian Girl" waa the work selected, and Borved to show both Mise Emilie Melville and Mr. Armes Beaumont in excellent condition of voice. "La Belle Helene" of Offenbach is now in course of preparation. Mr. Farley, a well-known basso singer at the head of a "Bijou " concert com- pany, has been doing good business in the provinces, and baa now opened at the Apollo ballin Melbourne. The New-Zealand papers give glowing accounts of the continued sue cess of Mademoiselle Ilma de MurBka, now Mrs. John Hill. RACING. During the month several country race meetings have been held. A race meeting was held at the Kensington-park course on the Queen's Birthday, which proved a great success. The opening event was the Hurdle Race, which was won by Larrikin, beating Beven others. Wanderer won the Trotting Race, for which three others started. Ben- ham won the Selling Race. The Steeplechase was won by Athol, after a very close finish with Firetail. Electricity won the Nursery Stakes, beating seven others. The day's sport was brought to a conclusion with the Royal Birthday Handicap, which was won by Blazes, after a very close contest with Zoe. A race meeting was held on the Bendigo racecourse on the Queen's Birthday. The day waa beautifully fine, and there was a fair at- tendance on the ground. Gaffer Grey won the Hurdle Race with the greatest ease, Teviot won tbo Handicap Trotting Race; Alice May was the only horse near at tbe finiBh. Duffer won the Steeplechase in a very slow canter, beating three others. Tom won both beats of the mile and a quarter trotting race, the 30 seconds' start being too much for any of the others engaged in the race. A pony race and pony trotting race brought the day's sport to a close. A race meeting was held on Kensington park course on the 5th inst The day was fine, and there was a good attendance. The Hurdle Race was won by Seafield, who beat Planet at the finish by a rush. Daphne won the Maiden Plate easily. Athlone won the Steeplecase as he liked. Reformation won the Selling Staki s, after a good finish with Little King and Benham. The Handicap Race was the best contested event of the day. Four horses passed the post within a length. Benham beat Saxon by a nose, and Zoe was only a neck behind ; Misfortune was fourth A winter steeplechase meeting was held at Belfast, in tbo Western District, on the 1st inst, which passed off most successfully. The first event was a Maiden Steeplechase, which was won by Ettrick, beating six others. Warrnambool won the Hurdle Race, for which 12 Btarted. Mac won the Handi- cap Steeplechase, beating 11 othors. Dwar- roon won the Amateur Hurdle Race. The Autumn Race Meeting of the South Austra- lian Jockey Club was held on the Adelaide Course on May 24, 25, and 26. On the first day Doctor, by Tregeagle, won the Flying Stakes. Emulation, by Conrad, won the St Leger, Canterbury, by The Marquis, being second. Pride of the Hills, by Talk o' the Hill, won the Two-year-old Stakes, beating nine others. Stella, by Little Fish, won the South Australian Jockey Club Handicap, for which six horses Btarted. On the second day Pride of the Hills won the Maiden Race. Im- pudence, by Tregeagle, won the Adelaide Cup. W. G. won the Selling Race, and Aaron the Selling Hurdle Race, Poodle won the Shotts. On the third day Superstition by Tregeagle, won the Autumn Handicap. Tho Steeplechase was won by The Demon, beating five others. Impudence won the Queen's Quiscas, Canterbury was second and Emulation third. Lady Ferguson won the Forced Handicap, with which the meeting ended. Tie winter meetingof the Warrnam- bool Racing Club was held on the 7th ond 3th June. On the first day Esculapius won the Maiden Steeplechase, for which 10 horses started. Larrikin won the Handicap Hurdle Race, after a good finish with Pioneer. Bezique won the Selling Flat Race, and Toby the Hunters' Staker). On the second day Pioneer won the Amateur Hurdle Race ; /Eneas won tho Handicap Steeplechase, for which 12 horses started ; Warrnambool won the Selling Hurdle Race and Fox the Selling Steeplechase. COURSING. The past month has been a busy one for tho owners of greyhounds all over Victoria. Many meetings have been held, but if it was not that our community is a busy one, they would have been all too few to satisfy the lovers of this sport. The Amateur Coursing Club held a meeting on the 13th May, when two eight-dog stakes were run off. The first was won by Mr. J. Elworthy's England's Pride, by Kentish Fire, and the second by Mr. A. P. Rudd's Rupert, by Spring. On the 15th and I6th the Ararat Coursing Club held a meeting, when a match for 26 puppies was run. The winner was Mr. B. Hepburn's Young Lafra, by Streak o' Light. Mr. T. I. Smith's Bones, by Tak' Ye Care, was the runner up. The Echuca- Coursing Club ran a 16-dog stake on Mr. Bell's estate, between Rochester and Runnymede, on the 16th May. Mr. Franklin's Telegraph, by Pell-Mell, was the winner ; the second dog was Mr. Davis's Venns, by Camloden. The West Bourke Coursing Club ran two eight-dog stakes. The first was won by Mr. Daly's Ruby, the eecond by Mr. Skehan's Bondo. The Grant Grant and Polwarth Puppy Stakes, for 20 puppies, run on Mr. Brown's estate at the Anakies, was won by Mr. Chadwick's Hebrides, by Nurlad. The Fitzroy and Collingwood Club held a meeting for a 16 dog stake on May 21, but the country they tried was so rough that the last three left in divided sooner than run off. The Victoria Coursing Club Stormont Plate Meeting was held on the 25th May and following days, at Sunbury, by permission of Mr. W. J. Clarke. The Stormont Plate, given by Mr. J. Wagner, for 32 all-aged greyhounds, was won by that gentleman's Treasurer, Cashier-Marvel. Mr. D. Jones's June Rose, Tippo-Banjo, was the runner-up. Mr. S. Austin's Avalon, Battler-Sea Silver, bred by the owner, won the Bowen Stakes for 16 dogs, for which Mr. T. H. Lempriere's L'Encore, Pell Mell-Scrap, was second dog. Mr. A. K. Finlay's Terra- pin Towers, Iona-Nil Desperandum, won the Stonehenge Stakes for 16 dogs. Mr. A. P. Rudd's Rebel, Inverniven-Hecate was the runner-up. A 32-dog stake was run at Clunes on the 14th May and following days. Mr. Smith's Rover was the winner, and Mr. Symond's Dirleton was second dog. The Ballarat St Leger, for eight puppies, was run on the 1st inst. The winner was Mr. W. H. Rocke's Running Stream, Warfare-Lady of Lyons. B. Mr. R. S. Bell's Cannobie, Prince -Bezique, wo s second dog. At the same meeting the Trawalla Stakes, for 16 dogs, was won by Mr. A. Taylor's Dione, Wel- lington-Venus. The runner-up was Mr. W. H. Rocke's Ruabon, Red Rover- Mabel. The Sandhurst Coursing Club held their opening meeting on the 8th inst, on the Mount Aitken Estate, near Sun- bury. A 24-dog stake was run, the winner being Mr. Richardson's Hattie, Glenlyon- Fly, Mr. Potter's Jim Mace, Yellow Jack- Bute was the runner-up. The Williamstown aud Wyndham Club held their second meet- ing on the 8th and 9th inst., when a stake for 32 dogs was run. Mr. J. Wagner has decided to keep the Stormont Plate, presented to the Victoria Coursing Club by himself, which was won by bis dog Treasurer, and has presented the club with a much more valuable piece of plate, to be run for when the club thinks fit. DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS. The following are lists of the deaths (exclu- sive of those of persons bom in the colony) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred hospitals since our last summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : MELBOUBNE HOSPITAL. Acton. Arthur, aged 56 years, nativo of England ; arrived in 1859, ship unknown ; died 15th May, of morbus cordis. Burthel, Chas., aged 60 years, native of Germany ; arrived in 1855, ship unknown ; died 20th May, of exhaustion from phaxy. nitis. Burrowes, Wm., aged 45, native of Leicester ; arrived in 1848, in the Eden ; died 22nd March, of erysipelas of forearm. Blair, John, aged 53 years, native of London; arrived in 1853, ship unknown; died 23rd May, of bcumatemeais. Birming- ham, Wm., 45 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1857, in the Sea Bird ; died 17th May, of oscitea. Cothe, James, aged 48 years, native of Loudon ; arrived in 1862, in the Dawn of Hope; died 15th May, of hernia. Clo hesey, Margaret, aged 40 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1859, in the Ocean Monarch; died 23rd May, of fatty de- generation of liver and kidneys. Clin- ton, Henry, 46 years, native of Lon- don ; arrived in 1851, in the Roxburgh Castle ; died 23rd May, of phthisis. Clark, John, aged 46 years, native of Bristol ; arrived in 1849, in the Saldanna ; died 28th May, of morbuB cordis. Clarke, Charles, aged 27 years, native of London ; arrived in 1870, in tbe Sussex ; died 30th May, of typhoid fever. Daniton, Charles, aged 56 years, native of England ; arrived in 1864, ship unknown ; died 2nd June, of erysipelas. Fnrey, Samuel, aged 36 years, native of Switzerland ; arrived in 1864, in the Golden Land ; died May 24, of general dropsy. Fraser, Alice, aged 28 years, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1801, in the Wanetta ; died May 29, of phthisis. Huckson, Thomas, aged 36 years, native of Hereford; arrived in 1870. in the Thomas Stevens : died May 24, of morbus cardia. Holt, John, aged 51 year?, native of England; date of arrival and ship unknown ; died May 25, of bronchitia. Hamilton, William, aged 27 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1869, in the Great Britain ; died May 28, of phthisis. Hinchey, Joseph, aged 3G years, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1865, in the Columbus ; died June 2, of phthisis. Harrington, George, aged 62 yeara, native of Ireland; arrived in 1856, in the Ocean Chief; died June 3, of broncho pneumonia. Hyelop, William, aged l8 years, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1869, in the Isabella ; died 3rd June, of cellnlits of left tbigb. Hildebrand, Lizzie, aged 52 years, native of Germany ; arrived in 1858, in the Red Jacket ; died Geh June, of fatty degeneration of kidney. Imperille, Pasquale, aged 56 years, native of Italy ; arrived in 1855, ship unknown ; died 26th May, of cancer of stomach. Iles, George, aged 25 years, native of Bristol; arrived in 1861, in the Caducius ; died 3rd June, of typhoid fever. Ibberston, Mary Ann, aged 48 years, native of England ; arrived in 1857, ship unknown ; died 8th June, of debility. Kiely, John, aged 39 years, native of Ire- land; ai rived in 1862, ship unknown; died 31st May, of aneurism of thoracic aorta. Lawlor, Catherine, aged 35 yeara, native of Ireland ; arrived in 18G5, in the Thunder, bolt ; died 18th May, of phthisis. M'Mahon, Mary, aged 58 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1855, in the William Nichol ; died 15th May, of caecinoma uteri. M'Cuffney, Patrick, aged 30 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1872, ship unknown ; died 16th May, of phthisis. M'Lear, William John, oged 38 yeara, native of Sydney ; arrived in 1847 ; died 8th June, of dropsy. M'Ñamara, Patrick, aged 34 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1868, in the Tornado ; died 9th June, of morbia cordis. Nichol, John, aged 23 years, native of Scot- land ; arrived in 1876, in the Julia Percy ; died May 17, of fracture of skull. Orleman, Phillip, aged 53 years, native of Germany ; arrived in 1858, ship unknown ; died June 4, of cerebrae. Parker, Wm. H., aged 52 years, native of United StateB ; arrived in 1862, ship un- known ; died May 28, of phthisia. Richardson, Thomas, aged 43 years, native of London ; arrived in 18G8, in the Gresham ; died May 15, of morbis cordis. Robertson, Chas., aged 37 years, native of Scotland ; ' arrived in 1815, ship unknown ; died 25th June, of general dropsy. Rennie, James, oged 39 years, native of Ireland, arrived in 1855, in the Navernia ; died 2nd June, of renal dropsy. Silfversparre, Etionne, aged 33 years, native uf Sweden ; arrived in 1871, in the St. Osyth ; died 25th May, of OBcitos. Taylor, Winiam, aged 37 years, native of Manchester ; arrived in 1807, in the Explorer; died 19th May, of epilepsy. Thornton, Thos., oged GO years, nativo of Ireland ; arrived in 1848, ship unknown ; died 25th May, of suppu rative adénites. Volender, Wm., aged 30 years, native of England ; arrived in 1859, snip not known ; died 28th May, of fracture of the skull. Walker, Martha, aged 39 years, native of London ; arrived in 1857, in the JameB Rennie ; died 3rd June, of phthisis. Walker, Edward, aged 21 year», native of Now South Wales ; arrived in 18G9 ; died 4th June, of typhoid fever, ALFRED HOSPITAL. Barber, Frederick, aged 28 years, native of England ; arrived in 1850, chip unknown ; died Moy 31, of incised throat-suicide. Cooper, Jane ROBB, aged 53 years, native of Scotland ; arrived in 18G1, in the Victory : died June 6, of exhaustion from softening of the brain. Howard, Bridget, aged 61 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 18G0, in the Wallace ; died May 29, of phthisis. Keft, John, aged 44 years, native of Hol- land ; arrived, in 16G0, in the Bayley ; died May 14, of gangrene of lunga. Nethersole, Maria, aged 35 years, native of England ; arrived in 1860, in the Hindos- tan ; died May 25, of phthisis. Prat, Thos., aged 30 years, native of Liver Sool ; arrived in 1854, in the James Carson ; ied June G, of valvular disease of the boort. _' Sweeney, Mary, aged 35 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1858, in Star of tho South ; died June 8, of phthisis. - : Wise, Mary, aged 19 years, horn in New Zealand ; died June 3, of phthisis. Wards, Horny, aged 40 years, native of England ; arrived in 1851, in the Mary Oreen ; d'.ea June G, of phthisis. MONTHLY SHII'I'ING AND PREIGHT" HiiPORT. "^UUT Muara S Du BEI II ariel Co «port -" Tho ca".". Inactivity that mliv«l«d our IretgYt rmk.t ¿ffi?, our lut crcufar o 16th May coutlnut. un.b,t«S fio'ghtngbuaincm having bcoo upon a vervil.i, * Bcalo to mo United Kingdom and elsewhZ Ï, *¥ tbo InactlUt, « "gida thofoîmcrryAÏ dcgrco bo accounted lor by Its utiT mldwmt?,,?3 parcela ot wool helm: almost unprocurable, tLtt vcticlBon iho homo bonn dependentpri icinili, ,' * our other artlele» their cargoo«. Tho departure, for ÜndondÄth? mall mouth just ended ombraco tho UiKhflverÏÏÏÎ tonB, LochLomord 1,200, ond Nortbumbcrffil .. 1 400 , leaving our loading bortll occup ed bVtha'i "V Tay 1 200 , W Q Ruseelf, 1,2)8, AganSo" , JX1' and Amynno, 1 800 The rate's forLoSdonha,o a So»,' ward tendency, and MO as follow nor sailing «¿ii Wool.OJd per lb allround (or greasy.""iSL~ tallow, Of* to 40B , leather, 45s. to 60s. .úl' 4Sf to 60s , bark, ground, 86s., do, chopped fe wheat, £08., flour, 80s , coppor, 201 to S >i ! 20s. 10 2D8 , ores, 20a. to 25B., all por ton Ait* and preserved ineatB, 80s per ton ot 40 «1,* foot. whllat the Btcamcr rates aro-Wool old n.5v leather, 00a, skins, OOfl , bark, ground, 60s chon-ili 008 , tin, 40B . ores, 40s. per ton ot 20ml' ,AÎ served meats, 40a po> ton of 40 cubic toot. 'Por.tiS mont o( broadatuffa from South Australian norf ?£ tho United Kingdom there Is no NulrVXÜ' and wo have not a. singlo engagement to reportE ho ah pmont of live stock to India wo Lave to «¿Sí ¡ho Clngaleeo as having loft tor Calcutta with IM horses, on owners' ««count, and shevrill shara, h followed by thoOnolda.tot^LosamoZtOÏ; reported In our 'w*- For Mauritius, the KJf barque Condor, 424, Is loading m o Block.' IhoenT'1 moiitB effected during tbo month comprise ,Wf lowing -Iho French barque forcido la RZ.SJ 860, to load guano at an Wand lu tho AraftuiX & Mauritius, on torms withhold, the Drltlsu7hl0 ii, Eck, 1014, to load at Calcutta tor Adelaide thLi?t tho United Kingdon,, on termB which dtó'AJ? piro, but Bald t bo hliout £10,000 for the romSf British barquo Lady Hincks OOJ.to load,? H.iS' Wand tor D.mburg'at 60s , D»nf.h,chl?, Lotta 2«, to load at Nowcaetlo, New South wT,' for Hong Kong, and bark from Foo-cbow. at ixl ii. Ibu rouid, French barque Enfants Nautili ai« ? load breadstuffs at Adelaide (orftrt N«W5V' Amerlsan barquo Chattanooga, 617, v*,«.,».' NSW, to Fadang, at 17a Vcolonlal owned Ä Birchgrove, 643, to load tleubor at OeoLraohiTliVi WA , for Wellington, at 65, perloaeuÄ ,/j 60> por load for sawn limber Tho ratea from if«. caitlo aro non Inal, as follow -Hong Kor» !?, Shanghai ii, , Siie,apoie, ISs ; Java, 13s sfnFrlV cltcp, 18s., «milla, 16B Intercolonial rates remin unaltered, being, a« quoted In our last, ill. BJ ., Hobson'B Bay The continued Interruption c1 «hi. communication »1th tbo united Kingdom sad ih. East has tended to keep the freight mïrket deanuS to a greater extent than It would bato btou, »mitta refera moro particularly to transactions In bra! Btufle and frelgbta to the East Arrangomonts hue been at length ontcred Into by which the Edin burgh (repairing steamer tor the lloo of cabio bo tween Now South Wales and New Zealand, now In dock In Sjdney) will be despatched to pick up and repair the oablo In tbo vicinity of Port Darwin this, as soon as effected, will restoro cabio com muntcatlon with the United Kingdom and the Em by one If not both, of the established lines and It ia surprising tbat this action has not been taken hi? beforo this Tho British ship Cross Hill, 1 018 which put lu boro leaky.bound to the United Kingdom,with a care.0 of grain from Port Plrlo, S.A., hasta her re. palra effected and resumed hervoyago to lier destin i tien, her cargo being but slightly damaged The sales effected havo been -Tho colonial owned brig Shannon, 290 built at Little Bampton, Sussex, 15 1887 and thou classed Al for nine yoars, for £i lt> tbo hull of the Flizjamea, for £2,660, to bo delivered1 In Fort Adelaide, to which elie has boen successfully towed by tho Btcamer Woonona, ata cost ot £500 1|¿ hull was purchased by the South Australian Dorera tuent to Bcrvo aa a quarantlno hulk. Messrs Ar-rern WooL-mt and Co report -"Dunnz the Interval which hu elapsed since the Issue ot our lost advices on the 16th ult, a moderate «mount of tonnage lias como Into port Prospects in tho mun. while bavo in nowlso improved, and throughout ill the colonies the greatest aulncss pravalls In ehlnplnr business, which ia to Bomo extent ¿counted for by tho long continued break in telographlc communlci tlon It ia just possible that with the resumption ol cabio advices on Impetus may be given to chartering operations (moro particularly for South Australis) and in this hope we aro patiently awaiting the complets circuit of tho wires. The advices by the list null bell g unfavourable to coal frelgbta, bas not tended to impruve matters, and although eomo few orders are to the markot, the rates offering are not likely to lead to busim» hore, oa shipmasters prefer eltber loading on ship« account rather than accept a minimum freight, or to proceed dlroct to a moro favourable loodlog port than Ncwca* tie.oa several havo latterly done Fur London three ahlpa bavo cleared and Bailed with fall cargoes, viz., Blgbflsor, Loch Lomond, and ss. Northumberland, leaving on tho berth tho Loch Tiy (well advanced In loading), W G Bussell, agunem non, Amyone, and Essex. Freights throughout the month hate gradually wcakenod, except for deal weight cargo, and as their la still a koon competition amongBt the loading- ships, present ratea show s decllro from those current a month ago, aud mint bo an} thing but satisfactory to shipowners For Calcutta the Loch Eck has gono on in billast Ths Cingalese has also Bailod, taken on 120 horses Toe Onetda will llkcwiso tako her departuro ere long, with similar cargo, and will bo followed by the Ellon, also full ef Btock All tho abovo VCBBOIS are reporte! as engaged to bring back cargoes to tho colonies For San l-rancisco no engagement« havo been made bore, hutas the latest advices woro somewhat favourable frcm that quarter, a majority ot the ships In our waters aro making their way thither, either direct or vift .Aowcastlo, a fow having home charters for coal or grain from thenco to Kngluid For Hong Kong frelgbta aro nominal at our [nott tiona. For Shanghai tonnage la In moderate Inqulrj Charters-Birchgrove, 648, Champion II,y to Wei llneton, with timoor, 60s and 66a. por load, Loch Eek, 1,041, hence to Calcutta and bick thence lo London on terms reserved , Enfants lutitils 31C Adelaide to tbo Cape, on privato terms Freight quotations-Melbourno to London-Wool, id perin., meats, 30? to 36B , tallow, S6s to 40s., ground buk, ßs , ehr pped do , 60s , leather and skins 60s , cop- per, 10s. per ton Nowcaatla to Hong hong, lal, shanghai, 20s; Singapore, 18s , Java, 16s., ilanllt, 10s., San Francisco, 17s , South Australia to His Cape, 46s. to 60B , Bouth Australia to England, 40a nominal" _ SALES or PROprim Messrs. O J and T HAM roport tho sale ol tho fol- lowing properties during the month, viz -Richmond -Campbell parade, 4 chains by 4J cbalnB, with cjt logo roBldcuco, £3,000 Jolimont-Jolimont »toot. 02 x 02.6, along Agnea-stroct, with Areyto and Norwich Cotlagea, £1 470 Boroondara-05». 2r 0», part of the Balwyn Vlnorard, with residence, £3 ISi Hawthorn- Power street, 06 2 x 201, £195 10a Itlch mond-Vaucluse, 00 0 x 140, £612 10s. Bt Kilda BurncttrBtreet, 83 4 X 128 0, with two-story brick dwelling, £1,200 Prahran-Dunster rood, off Toorsk road, 2a. 3p , with family residence, known as ' Vu cliBe,' £1,260 Richmond- Green street, 03x80 £115 10? Prahran-High-strcot,8» 8r 24p,£6S0 Fitzroy Napler Btreot, 88 x 18011, with b ueBtone cottare, £326 Canton-Drummond-elreet, 00 x 105, £S53 Oak'clgh-Warrigal road, 10a. lr 17Jp , with weather board cottage, £410 Prahran-Malvorn road, 610 i 132 £56 fiooneo Ponds-Wnght-Btreet, 884 x10 HolmcB' road, 141 x 182, Young Btreot, 128 x 129.00 x 99, ard 00 x 180, £027 10s. Richmond-Biker strict, 33 x 165 brick cottage, £180 Colllngwood P-uLort street, 87 x 116, weatherboard cottage, £10. Footscray-Mooro-Btreet, 00 0 x 105 along lijan Btreet, £120 Carlton-Bigbt-of way off Bathdowne-ltrMt, 60 x 50, £100. Fitzroy-Smlth street, 31 x 183, £9« 10s. Mesara Braun, VALE, and Co report the loJo«ioj recent solea of freehold propertlea -City-Allotment of land situate in Flinders lane, having a frontage ol 660\. by a depth of 147ft, for £1,400 Sandrlifao< Allotments having a frontage of Suit, to Nott street, by a depth of 146ft- along Sharpe 8 lane, with the buildings thereon, for £806 Keilor road-Farm ol 180 acres, with Improvements thereon, £1,810 Moo- rooduc- Government allotment, for £80 C&rlton; Allotment having a frontago of 851t. to Reilly street, by a dtptb of 83ft, for£209 Footscray-Cottago erected on land bavlng frontages to Whitehall anti Cowper Btroets for£405 Brunswick-Allotment,havlogairoiit ago of 64ft to Frederick street, by a depth of lOOIt along Buckett-Btrcot, for £48. Sandridge-Allotment, hir- ing a frontage of 20ft to Bay street by a depth of 681t. along Bridge-street, for £400 North Blcbmoud Allotment, situate In Church Btreet, baring a frontage of 20ft, by a dopth of 124ft. for £80 Sandrldge Brick houae, erected on land having frontages to Nott-strcot and Station place, tor £876 PorUullt gton -Five Govommtnt allotment« for £76 Bt Kilds Allotmont, having a frontago of 80ft. to Prentice street, by a depth of 86tt, for £S5 Illchmond Church and Kout streets, allotment, hiving a front ago of 120It to Church Btreot, by a dopth ot about 490ft along Kont-strcot, with buildings tncron, at a prico withhold. Footscray-Allotment niringa frontage of 164ft to tbo main road, by a depth of 114ft, for £110 Carlton-Two cottozos creeled on land having» frontago of EStt to NlchelsoMtrmt, V a dopth of 100ft, for£026 North Fltzroy-AHottnent having a frontage of 22lt to M'Koan street, by adepttt of about 162ft, for £72 H UUamstown-allotment having n frontago 101ft to road facing llailwav reserve, for £108 North Blchmond-AUotmont hartnz a frontage of 20ft to Church Btreet, hy a dopth ot Kitti for £86 Prahrnn- Allotmont haUng a ,''°»»P of 86ft to Malvern road, by a dopth of lSW-i for £175 North Richmond, KenMtreet-Aliot ment having a froutago of 44ft, by a dept» of 120It, for £121 OhtietmaB hllla-Farm ol !» acros, with all ImprovemontB, for tho Bum o\J.W North Fitzroy-Allotment having a frontago ot »It,» Rowe ttreet, for £46 Prahran-Allotment »"»It j frontino of 115ft to Chomloy Btreot, byadopmot 108ft, for £168 Wiliiamstown-AUotment Bivlwt a trontato of 62ft to tho Railwo) reserve, byadoputoi 164ft, for £40 Carlton- Briek cottago, contenu! four rooms, oiccttd on land 10 x 76, situate In Newry Btreot, for £316 Nortn Richmond-Cottage, wnuin lng four roon«, erected on land about 20 « Ti tltuato In Kout street, for £326 Oirlton, Hewn etiiol-Brick cottago, containing four rooms,wiw Bhcd, ice, creeled on land 10 x 75, for £316 Bruni wick-Cotiogo, containing four rooms, with slab ni, erected on lend about 80 x 100, for C1 6 St HU«, Neptune Btrcct-Cottne.0, containing BIX rooms, ror £282. Sandridge, corner of Rouso and Nott "trMfr Commcrcial Hotol, for £1260 Mordlalloo-AU« mont containing ono aero, for £81 East St hldii Almo- rcad-Allotment containing flvoacrea '<"**.*. McSBiB BBLLIN anil WiL-Kinaoi roport having fff«"1} the following sales of frochold properties -*llotm.c"; of land, 105ft xOlft Oin, corner of Tkomison ¡¡»a T» j ford BtrcclB. Wllllamatonn, £202 Wa, Jo. Sr »-»? Wattlc-trco rontl, Gardlnor, £260, bloek of land, 7b t Oin x 118ft, co-nor of Johnston and O roJJ«T"! Fitzroy, with t j bulldluga. £1,000, al otT»'" land 34lt x lOli u lOJln , Boat atrçot, North Fltiror, £2 2a Od per foot, allotment of land ««.»?»'? 78ft, Johnston street, Titzroy, £12 Wa pof '»?'. do, 40lt x 70ft, Gore street. Fitzroy,, « «'J'" foot; do, 83ttxl82lt, Noone-strçot Colllngvvoiw. catt, of Hoddle Btreet £1 por foot, tix brick cottages, corivsr Isollt and Balhdowno strootfJ, C«lto*V«"''"? Innet, £2,200, two allotments 'and, Nicholson »trM"' Collingwood, 01ft x 132ft, £2 per foot , McasrB PArrntso» and BICIHBDHO-I report wo B»«¡ of tho following propertlea during the niontn South Yarra-Carollno-street, l8 x 00, £144 Victor* parado, 00 x 100, £1,050 East Melbourno 42 x: 16 KO Xlbert-Btrcot, below Simpaon BUeot «38. St1'""" Charnwood It'rove, 40x86 £150 Fitzroy-Ntelio^u Btreot north, 00x110, £181 10a , Bao»4 »°"*¿ aireóte, cornor, 40 x 80, £188 h orth Outon-^íT street iortb, 188x105. £414 ï't"î H¿ 106,£100 Anices-Btroct, 00xllB,£132 Canning strm . 110 x 100 £106 York Btroct, three cottage«, M4tm Colllugwood-Staffordstieot, 70 x 00, *?'»*. ^g, easter road-30 ncrcB, £286 Mount Alexniidor, io» acicB, £280_. (For conhnuatton of Stimmary, see pW ° ) -S;Ü;M7M .yifrYf (Continued from page 2 of Sftmmàr)/.) INTEKCOLOKflAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The Government hos communicated with the other colonies with the view of taking joint action regarding the laying' of a second cable to Enrope. , \ The declared values of imports and exports from the beginning of the year to the close of April aro-Importa, £3,918,649, an increase of £304,000 upon the corresponding period of laat year ; and exports, £2,897,898, an increase of nearly £20,000. A return in reference to the pastoral dis- tricts shows the present annual rental of landa under the existing tenure to be £170,000. Cattle number 702,000, and sheep over 8,000,000. The resolutions proposed in tho Legislative Assembly by Mr. Parkes, regarding the expen- diture of the surplus revenue of the colony, have been passed, an amendment having been previously adopted omitting from the fourth resolution the words "during tho present ses- sion." The following are the resolutions oa adopted :-"1. That the experience of the laat three years baa established the fact that the revenue derived from all sources >a largely in excess of the necessary expenditure of government 2. That the existence of a large cash surplus at the credit of the Go- vernment ia unsound in principle and policy, and ought not to be contiuued. 3, That the existing surplus ought to be ex- pended without unnecessary delay, not less than £150,000 per annum in promoting emi- gration from Great Britain and Ireland, and the balance in carrying out works of public improvement. 4. That a measure ought to be passed into law for regulating the intro. duction of immigrants, and that the pro- posals and plana for all public works to be carried out by the expenditure of the above surplus ought to be submitted for the ap proval of this House. 5. That His Excel- lency the Governor be respectfully requested to take the necessary steps to give effect to the foregoing reaolutiona." The Treasurer, in committee of the House, moved that it was deBirable to introduce a Border Duties Bill. He explained the posi- tion of matters with reference to the border duties, and stated that the great difference in the tariffs in New South Wales and Vic- toria would be likely to render a settlement of the border duties question one of great difficulty. The Government of South Australia bad asked for on extension of the present convention for three months, but ne proposed to extend it for six months, in order to allow for contingencies. He had received a telegram from the Colonial Secretary of South Australia, stating that he would endeavour to bring about an approach to an equalisation in dutiea on articles men- tioned, and bad given instructions for taking an account of the duties. The reaolutiona were agreed to, and the bill baa since been passed through committee. The extenaion of tbe railway to Illawarra baa been negatived in the Assembly by a large majority. The attendance at the Exhibition during the fortnight it waa open reached 75,000, ana the receipts amounted to £3,500. Mrs. Scott-Siddons has been well reooived at the Theatre Royal. ; A Chinese giant, 7ft 3tu. in height, has arrived from Hong Kong. I A rule niai for the compulsory sequestration of the estate of Messrs. Hall and Farbea, the contractors for the former San Francisco mail service, baa been made absolute. SOUTH AUSTRALIA, Parliament waa opened on May 20 by His Excellency Sir Anthony Mnsgiave. The Go vernor'BBpeechreferred to the delay which had occurred in calling hon. membera together, which had been caused by the death of the late Chief Justice Hanson, and the 'recon- struction of the Ministry. Hon. members were congratulated on the satisfactory con- dition of the finances, the abundant harvest, and the extension of agricultural settlement in the colony. It was proposed to make pro- vision for the defences of the colony, and also to oak for the grant of a large Bum for immigration. Stamp and succession duties would be introduced, and a measure would be brought in for placing on property a fairer share of taxation. Billa would oleo be sub- mitted for a revision of the tariff, and to borrow money for railways and other public works. A proposai would also be made to secure a gradual extinction of the bonded debt. Measures dealing with the law of in- solvency, real property, the waste lands, and distillation would oleo be introduced at an early date. Reference waa also made to the agreement entered into with Bishop Bagnion for the settlement of the Northern Terri- tory. On the motion foran address in reply in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Colton moved an addition, expressing sympathy with the Go- vernment policy, but disapprobation and dia ' rust of the Governor's ad visera. On a subse- quent day this amendment waa carried by 22 to 19. The Ministry resigned, and Mr. Colton, who waa Bent for, succeeded m forming the following Ministry :-Chief Sec- retary, Sir Henry Ayeia ; Minister of Public Works, Mr, Colton ; Attorney-General, Mr. Bray ; Treasurer, Mr. Rosa ; Minister of Lands, Mr. Carr; Minister of Agriculture and Education, Mr. Ward. Mr. Corr'a appointment will necessitate another member being elected Chairman of Committees. On the meeting of the Assembly, on June G, Mr. Colton moved the adjournment of the House until June 2L He announced the formation of the Ministry, and after referring to immigration and the distilla- tion and land laws, said that he would announce the public works policy of the Government on the next meeting of the House Mr. Boucaut seconded the adjournment, and at the same time regretted that Sir Henry Ayers waa at the head of the Government, aa he was the brooding genius of obstruction. He also regretted that the Boucaut policy had been scattered to the four winds of heaven, Mr. Colton refused to answer a question OB to who waa Premier, but said that bia re Bignation would involve the fall of the Ministry. The motion waa agreed to. The Government has arranged with the Netherlands Navigation Company for a Ba- tavia and Port Darwin mail service. _ Mr. Boucaut has stated that a well informed squatter told him that the loss to the squattera during the laat three months, in three colonies, amounted to 10 millions sterling. The last census shows the population of the city to be 31,573 persons, being an in- crease during the last five years of over 4,000. ! A few weeka since some correspondence appeared in the South Australian Advertiser, charging Mr. Downer, Commissioner of In- solvency, with nepotism towards bia brothers, who aro legal practitioners. It transpired tbat the writer of the lettera was Mr. W, Villeneuve Smith, barriater-at-law, and an application waa made on behalf of Mr. Downer to the Supreme Court for leave to file a criminal information for libel against Mr. Smith. The Court made absolute the nile for a criminal information, and the case will bo tried before a jury. The Church Synod has sanctioned the establishment of a Church of England Tem- perance Society. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher baa been elected president of the Evangelican Alliance. The Commercial Wharf Company have de- clared a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum, TASMANIA. The smelting furnace at the British and Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company's works at West Tamar ia now in full operation. Tue first cast yielded 1C tons of very fine metal. It ia reported that the engineer of the Main Line of railway has thrown obstacles in the way of the engineers from other colonies ap. pointed to report on tho line, and that pro- bably the Government will have to invoke the aid of the Supreme Court The Rev, Alfred Stackhouee, who lately re- tired from the incumbency of Christ Church, Longford; on account of ill-health, ia dead. Meerschaum baa been discovered on Mr. I. Bomford's estate, near Launceston. QUEENSLAND. The Governor opened Parliament on May 23\. The speech stated that the report of Mr. Macalister, who visited England in con- nexion with the immigration irregularities and the working of the agent-generalship, wonld be immediately presented. The Govern menthad made freah arrangements to ensure a Stream of immigration by means of properly constructed and efficiently oquippod voaaola. The demand for land woe steadily increasing] ' and the areas lately resumed were found toi be totally inadequate to the requirements > Parliament would be asked to. sanction further resumptions, and also to determine, the course te-bo adopted with the landa in the settled districts now leased, and whiohj leases wonld shortly expire. Billa would be submitted for dealing with the whole question of Crown landa alienation, for the amend. ' nient of the constitution of the Upper Souse, and_the amendment jîf Jue municipal laws. The Government was negotiating with New Sonth-Wfalestfor the abolition of the border duties, arid with "South Australia' with refer .' ance to intercolonial free trade. A motion i of., want of confidence in the Government, moved two days afterwards, was negatived by 23 to 17. Mr. Macalister, however, re signed, as he is about to leave for England, via San Francisco, for the benefit of hia health, and the Governor sent for Mr. Geo. Thorn to form a Ministry, which will bo formed as follows :-Mr. Thorn, Premier and Postmoster-Generol, acting also tot the Public Works Department; Mr. Stewart, Colonial Secretary ; Mr. Dickson, Treaaarer ; Mr. DouglaB, Ministor for Lands : and Mr. Griffiths, Attorney.Genoral. The Works port- folio has not yet been filled up. Mr. Hem- mant, the ex-Treasurer, also goes to England in July. Four of the crew of the immigrant ship Strathern who were concerned in the mutiny on board have been convicted of larceny and assault and destruction of property. , NEW ZEALAND, , j More letters relative to the impending change of Government of the colony have been exchanged between Sir Julias Vogel and Mr. Macandrew, the Superintendent of Otago. In the course of Sir Jalias's letter he foreshadows muoh of the policy intended by the Government during the incoming seBBion. He states , amongst other things that the Government do not purpose to per- petuate or reproduce provincial councils or superintendents ; the various departmental services, such as gaols, hospitals, &c; will ba carried on the same as the Post and Telegrapn departments. The present education boards will be continued in existence till February next, elected boards, wich amil,! nominee elements being substituted after that date. They will havo entire con- trol of primary education and its reserves Inspection of schools will, however, be under the General Government. It is contemplated to do away with tho education rate and fees, and of making education compulsory. They intended to introduce a bill providing for the dispoeal of the land revenue, the disposal to be of a local character, except that they would submit to the Assembly the alterna- tive of a gradually diminishing contribution from the land revenuo to meet the interest on railways rather than to provide for this payment by an income and property tax. The revenue must supply money to pay inte- rest on construction of railways. A despatch has been received from the Secretary of State which st-ites that the Queen will not be advised to disallow the Abolition of Provinces BilL After complete isolation from Europeans for over 10 years, Tawhiao, the so- called Maori King, had a most cordial interview with Sir Donald M'Lean in the Waikato country, one result of which is the removal of the prohibition against Europeans visit- ing the King's country. Produce ia now coming in from there for the first time for many years. The natives of Natewa Bay have renounced Christianity. A priest induced 100 of them to go into a hut, and while they set fire to it he promised them that his powers would prevent them from being burnt, but many of them wore severely burnt, and some fataUy. Dr. Knight, the auditor-general, has re tired, and been succeeded by Mr. G, S. Cooper, under secretary for the colony. I The schooner Verbilia arrived at Auckland from Sydney, and reported that the captain and a boat's crew of four men went ashore at Sandy Island, and aa they did not return to the vessel it is supposed they were drowned. The authorities searched the vessel on her arrival, thinking she was a slaver, but found nothing irregular on board. The mate after- wards admitted -to the police detective that the vessel was a slaver. He holds a commis- sion in tho Naval ReBerve, and said he was nnaware of the nature of the intended cruise when he left Sydney. Nothing has been done regarding tho vessel because, though her alleged object waa slavery, she was not engaged in such traffic before the accident to her captain and four of the crew occurred. It is intended to form a medical association in the colony, with a branch society in each city, where a sufficient number of medical men live, the association to migrate from city to city at regular periods. A tragedy of rather a singular character occurred recently at Masterton amongst the Scandinavian settlers, a great many of that nationality being located there. It appeared that Lois Neilson, a surveyor's labourer, became suddenly afflicted with a murderous monia, and arming himself with a pickaxe and billhook, he attacked every one whom be came across-men, women, or children. Having wounded a Mrs, Syveraen, her husband armed himself with a loaded shot-gun. Upon meeting Neilson the latter cried out, "I will kill you," and went at bim with the upraised pick, whereupon the other shot Neilson through the neck, killing him instantly. At the coroner's in- quest, held a day or two after, a verdict of justifiable homicide was returned, aud the man was released from custody. A terrible boiler explosion occurred at Oamaru, by which one man waa killed, two frightfully bruised, aud six scalded. It sub- sequently transpired that the safety-valve of the engine was tied down at the time of the accident, and it ia stated that the engine driver often did that The engine was worked beyond its power, and it would appear that in order to do this tbe terribly dangerous ex- pedient of fastening down the Bofety-valve WBB adopted. The explosion could be heard four miles away. The Otago railway excess of receipts over expenditure for the year is £37,300, The amount for passenger receipts WOB £44,700 ; goods, £57,100. The National Insurance Company have declared a dividend of 15 per cent. The Rev. F. C. Simmons, head-master of Nelson College, is dead. Mddle. Ilma de Murska has been married to Mr. John Hill, the pianist Her late huBband, Mr. Alfred Anderson, had only been dead two months. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS, The P. and O. Company's R M.S.S. Bangal lore, Captain G. N. Rector, with the outward mails for China, India, and Europe, took.her departure from Hobson's Bay on the after. \- noon of the 16th May, at 2 o'clock, I The P. and O. Company's R.M.S S. Suma- tra, Captain J. C. Almond, with the English and foreign mails inwards, reaahed the bay here at 6 o'clock of the morning of the Geh. The Tones Straits mail steamer Bowen arrived at Sydney on the 23rd ult Her maiU were despatched overland, and arrived hera late on the 2Gth. The Californian mail steamer, City of New York, with the American and English mails, reached Sydney on the 24th. Her mails were received here on the 26th. STATE Or TRADE. Though the trado of the past month has been chiefly confined to supplying the ordi- nary requirements Of trade, yet several t hi uga have combined to impart an improved tone to business generally, and make the period which has elapsed Bin co wo last wrote one of a more satisfactory character than we have had in our power to notice for a long while. Considerable interest has been at- tached to many of the operations of the month, and though not much of a speculative spirit has been aroused, yet at one period, and for a considerable time, an excitement to which we have long been strangers was created in the market The suspension of telegraphic communication for over two months makeB us peculiarly alive at the pro eent time to anything of a sensational cha racter, and when the telegrama which carno forward by the Torres Straits mails, to 26th April, from London, were first received, after having previously been kopt in the dark for nearly a month, an impetus of a bene- ficial character was imparted to brandies, currants, &c;, and a most extensive buainosa was afterwards done, more especially in the former, and an appearauco of activity has since pervaded the market generally, which1 has not failed to be looked upon with muoh satisfaction. We have this week been favoured with the usual shipment-a precursor to the regular opening of the tea aeaoon-| in the Bhape of an arrival by the Torrea Straits mail Bteamer of 4,000 quarter- cheats of new congous from the eatly district of Macao. These teas are very useful for trade purposes, and as such are looked upon with, favour. The shipment came consigned to various firms here, and two days after their arrival some 2,000 packages were cleared off < by auction in a very short time, and as close I np to valuations as could be was realised for them. The regular Foo-chow season does not open before the beginning to the middle ! of June, and we cannot expect the first ship- ment from thence to reach here till the end i of July or beginning of AuguBt. The ad vices regarding wool received this mail are not by any means what could bo wished, and this came to mar to a very considerable extent the otherwise satisfactory nature of our communication at the present time. The great' decline in Australia's principal staple ' cannot be looked upon as an indi- vidual bot as a national losa. When wool is affeoted all the colonies Buffer, and thelma Ia-keenly felt Notwithatandlng the ¿T fog'of healthiness and 'confidence whlnh prevails ft in', mercantile ,and, .oommirciki circles, the month has not altogether naga^ without our being compelled to refer tn several caaualtiea which have occurred though in no instance have the lk' bilitiea been very extensive. On Mond» the 22nd ult, a meeting of the creditors of Mr, M, Frazer, largely engaged in the aalt trade, waa held. The statement submitted showed liabilitiea amounting to £6 554 in eluding secured and uhBecured creditors' the asseta being estimated at £4,619, inclusive of thoBB in the banda of secured creditors and the realisation of which would, it was feared make the deficiency much larger than ia here apparent After eome discussion it waa re. solved to wind up the estate in the Insolvent Court, Messrs. Ecroyd and Danby berne an pointed trade asBi'gnoes. p" A meeting of the creditors of Mr. SteDhan Dunckley, Bait-dealer, waa held on the 214 When a Btatement prepared by Messrs Eoi V and Danby waa submitted, showing net Hal/ hties amounting to £3,091, with asseta euri mated at £2,213, the deficiency being £878' After a little discussion it was resolved tri allow Mr. Dunckley a abort period to ennbbi him to moke an offer of composition, butât the adjourned meeting subsequently held it waa resolved that the estate should go into liquidation by arrangement under the act and Mr. Danby waa appointed trustee. On the Gth instant a meeting of tha creditors of Mesera. Noyes, Reed, and Co. waa held. A Btatement was submitted, me pared by Mr. Ella, accountant, showing ha. bilitiea amounting to £11,547, of which ¿sum of £4,262 ia Becured. 'lae net asseta are eatiroated at £2,047, the deüoiency bain» £5,248. After some little discuaiiion it waa lesolved that the eBtate should be wound va in the Insolvent Court, the appointment ol a trustee being left an open question. A good deal of alarm wa8 caused abtrat three weeks ago by the sudden and un. ? xpected breaking out of three distinct ind very destructive firea, two ot them ilmoat simultaneously, at about 3 o'clock on 'he morning of the 25th ult, and the thirdat 1 o'clock in the afternoon of the same day. The premises of Messrs. Harper and Co., nee, coffee, and epice milla were internally completely destroyed, with all the Btock and machinery in the place The bonded Btores in Flindera-Btreet bel longing to Mesara G, and G. Shaw, and in the possession of Messrs. Hicks, were also almost completely destroyed, including their contents, with the exception of the lower or cellar stock. The upper part of the premises and fancy gooda warehouse of Messrs, Sander Lazarus and Co. also took Ure, and much pro, perty waa destroyed. By these every insurance company in the place, with one or two eicep. tiona, has been subjected to heavy losa. The stock of Messrs. Sander Lazarus and Co. was estimated to be worth between £15000 and £18,000, and it ia thought that £7,000 or £8,000 worth waa destroyed. The stock waa insured for £5.500, and the building for £900, This loss baa been settled for £4,850 oa the Btock, and £500 on the building, The in- surances on Mesara. Harper and Co.'a wire £1,500 on the building and £13,000 on'the Btock, which have been settled for tanj- il 500 for building and £11,000 on stock and machinery. The total amount of insurance on Shaw's bond ia £G2,94G ; but as the lora amounted to a great deal more than this, many piivate firma and storekeepers in the city it is likely will be sufferers. The total amount for which the insurance com- panies' are'liable on account of the three fires ia £82,94G. Amongst the goods destroyed in the bonded atorea was »boat £20,000 worth of drapery, £0,000 worth o! rice, £5,000 worth of coffee, £10,000 of tea, le, Aa the last mail was leaving it waa announced that the Government had resolved to bru; the charges laid against Mesara. L Stevenson and Sons to an issue by summoning the accused to appear at the District Police Court on two distinct chargea of having defrauded the Customs, by undervaluing gloves and Hannels and not paying the proper duties, the penalty for each offene« being £100. The investigation of the first, regarding gloves, was entered upon three weeks ago, but after a patient hearing of five or six days was dismissed, Aa far as we could judge, the Customs' own evidence was sufficient in itself to put the plaintiff ont of Court, but when confronted with the evi- dence of the defendant, none could help feel- ing Burptised that auch a case waa evei brought into court. It waa generally thought that the aecond case would notbe goneonWlth in consequence of thia decision, but the Cus- toms authorities determined to continue the proceedings. The investigation into the second charge was accordingly commenced laat week, but the case from the very beginning boa been in danger of being strangled, through the Customs being nu- able to prove the invoice on which duty waa paid, and there appears to be little doubt ai o how it will end, the difficulty referred to not having been got over yet In the operations of the month transac- tions in cornsackB have been reported to the extent of 450 bales of Calcuttoa, while 750s balea of woolpacks have also changed bands. Of candles, over 6,000 boxea of foreign,have been quitted, besides considerable parcels of Victorian. In coffee we note aa the'ehief feature the arrival of the Lottery, About SO tone of plantation coffee are reported to hare been destroyed in the fire. In dried fruits luge aalea of currants have been effected ; closeon 1,000 barrelB were taken up in two days. Flour and wheat have been moving off steadily at improved ratee. Feeding grains have been depressed. In oils, kerosene bas been quiet all the month, but diamond being below its legitimate value, 25,000 cases have changed hands this week, chiefly at Is. 2d, Operations in rice have been extenaive. The entire cargo of Pat no, by the Amyone, about 15,000 bega, and about 250 tons of the CingJ lese, having changed hands. Of Bugara, ira note the disposal of 1,400 tons of Victorian refined ; while the cargoes of the Louisa, the Enfana Nantais, and the Glaslyn, vera cleared off early in the month in about 10 daya' time. The only noticeable fea- ture in teas is the arrival thia week of the first of the new season's congous from Macao. In' brandies there has been very considerable excitement, and an extensive business has been carried through. The arrival of the Torrea Straits mail steamer Bowen at Sydney waa reported on the 23rd ult The Californian mail steamer City of New York reached Sydney on the 21th alt. The Suez mail steamer Sumatra, owing to the accident to the Surat on the European aide of the mail route, did notreach here till Tuesday morning, the Gth inst, at G o'clock, Our dates from London come up to 21st April. From Singapore ne have dates to 1st May, fiom Batavia to 22ud April, from Manilla to 19th April, from Hong Kong to 12th April and 5th May, from Bangkok to 8th April, and from Saigon to 22nd April; from New Yoik to 16th April, from Calcntta to ? 20th April, fiom Colombo to 9th May. STOCK AND STATIONS, In thia description of property very little business has been reported. Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co. report the sale (in conjunction with Messrs. FoBpery, Mackinnon, and Co., Wagga Wagga) of Mr, Callaghon'a Bologamigulman Station, ia tha Lachlan district together with 850 head cattle, 0,000 Bheep, plant, stores, &d; w W FiBher. Messrs. B. D. Morehoad and Co.. of Bru bane, report having sold WallaStation, Wide Bay, with 4,400 cattle, at £4 per head ; Cania Station, Burnett district, with 15,000 sheep and G 000 cattle-sheep at Ga. each, ana cattle £4 10B. per head. Also, Langton Duma Station, near Clermont, with 27,000i sheep and 5,380 acres purchased land-the sheep at £28,000, and land at coat puce, Mr. Charles Brown reporta having sold,on account of Mr. It. H. Kennedy, the mu in the Albert district, New South Wales, known as QueBta, containing 70,000 acres, without Btock, to Mesara. E. S. Bonney and Co., at a satiafactory price. Thia run adjoins their Momba property. EXCHANGE AND MONET. The Belling rate of exchange on London thia month is ¿the por cent premium on w days' sight bank drafts. The buying rate is i percent discount, but thero is np mcaium of cover offering. Interest ¡B paid by HW banka at the rate of 5 per cent, on 12 montna deposits, 4 per cent on six mouths, ant}'* per cent, on threo months' deposits, ino ratea of discount now aro-7 per cent, on wo months' and 8 per cent, on throe ana 'our monthB' mercantile billa, 9 per cont being charged for overdraft STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocka In bond at Melbourne on June 3 ¡-Brandy, 4,^ hhd" 19,705 cases ; rum, 1,5081 hhd" * caaes; geneva, 80 hhd" 20,303 red cases, 3,665 green caaes ; whwky. ,1,211 bM.. »-W« cases; gin(sweetenod). 23ahhd"5,597 ""»li cordials, 1,298 cases ; epinta of wine, w» hhd. ; other apirite, 0,957 cases : wine, 3,803 hhd., 20,200 caaoa ; beer, 2264 hhd,, 24,478 cases and caska ; tobacod»nanulac tured), 321 half-tiercea, 872 quarter-tierces, 12 kegs, 3,708 three-quarter, boxes and boxes. 4,124 casea ; do., unmanufactured, 281 Mia. and'coBka, 51 casca, 593 balea ¡candleB, 168 cheBU». 38,518 boxee í'cigare, 740 cases, keroaene, 6i;468 casea ; coco* and chocolate, 18G packagea ;/coffee. 1,634 baga,,'7 'tiei-MS, löl.caeke, 690 bairela ; wheat L482 bags; chicory. 637 packagoa ; opium, 134 packagesi, oate, 6,3BGbaga: tiopa, 753 'pdokete¡: rice, 87.52G tags. 1,333'tons: «alt, 25,894 boga. vinegar, 396 . eadu, '' 2,320 cases ; ten, .S,'. j~. 3J - . *i.II'JL e-i- l- »' - ' V460 chest» (S37,092lb ). 47.637 half-ohogts (L938,386lb.), 81,702 boxes (324 2091b.) ; mear-M»uritiu»,'5,561 bain. 3.414 pockets ; Manilla,,30.067 mata*: Reunion, 03 bags, 71 ma»« í -JavaV 4,597 bugs, 31,521 basket*, 17 090 mats J other'ports, 25 503 bags, 13,126 mats; refinery; 1,-334 tons; 419 casos or casks. '' nrroBTs ANU HXPOBTS. The value'of'the imports at the port of Melbourne during the week ending 3rd inst amounted to £140,432. Of coal the amount was £7,183 f railway rails, £11,570 ; ?sugar, £32,141'; ,and bags and Backs, £7,171 ; The exporta from the port during the same period amounted to £45,612. They included Apparel and slope, £2,781 ; sugar, £4,142; tea, £3,833; and tobacco, £2,446. The following table gives tho imports and exports of the part from the beginning of the year to.the 3rd ¡nat... as compared with the correspond- ing period of 1875 : Week >düig dfe lui:' l.. Jan. 8.. Jan. 16.. Jan. 22.. Jan. SD Foli. 6_ Teb 12.. ïeb. 10.. Feb 20.. Har. ».. Har. 11.. Bar. l8.. Mar. 26.. April 1.. April 8_ April 16.. April S2.. Jlpril2l<.. May 0.. Hay IB.. Hay 20.. Way 27.. Juno S.. Totals .. Import«. 1876. 01,094 802,847 807,766 299,077 883,802 881,016 868,11« 818,917 242,612 261,466 888,864 200,648 182,194 143,800 871,817 249,482 282.264 297J806 200,037 147,181 248,080 172,710 202,366 18711. £ 137,700 274.478 817.228 276,468 281,031 214,488 182,843 273,870 281,718 189,240 249,640 141,263 187,646 241,481 859,621 176 364 104 030 288,178 244,816 '165,679 220,016 157,619 140,482 6,856 945 6,088 808 0,262,861 1875. £ 494,800 674,838 242,407 200.006 810,055 60,061 242,609 184,178 650,683 74 807 118,037 140,640 802,509 60,839 76,770 897,707 878,640 199,048 97,161 285,042 270,409 121,447 65,622 . £ 604,067 \- 425,687 431,930 203,193 611,895 831,704 137,835 833,054 618,662 148,203 70,403 200,092 835,188 05,003 07,468 106,601 271,842 161,013 .187,856 9!, 121 273,709 69,720 45,612 5,830,328 During the first period the accounts stood thus :- ' ' Importa .£6,85(1,016 . Exports . - 0,262,851 Balanco ol exporta over Importa £305,400 During the second period : Importa - « - £5,033,808 fcxporu " _ .. .. 5,8311,823 Balanco ot exporta oror Imports £741,620 -Comparing the above periodB with each othor, 'the results are aa under : Imports In 1876 ., .. _ £5,860 915 Importe In 1870 _ _ ~ 5.088,808 Dccroasc In 1876.£763.187 J-xports In 1676 _ " .. £0,262,351 Exporta In 1870 .t>,830.3¿8 Decrease In 1870 .. .. _ .£422,023 FUBLI0 00MTANIES. Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society. 'The Fécond annual meeting of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society waa held at the offices, Collins street west, on the lat ?Jane, his Honour Judge Pohlman presiding. The report of the directors, which was pre- sented and adopted, showed that the society bad been exceedingly successful during the two years it had been in operation. It was stated by a member present that the society bad done a larger business than any other colonial society during the first two years of operations, and with a less amount of ex- penditure in proportion to the business transacted. Collingwood Poudrctte Company.-The financial difficulties which gathered round the Collingwood Foudrette Company Just as it waa1 getting into full working order culminated on Tuesday lost in a sheriff's sale of the whole machinery and plant erected at tbe company's works. The company during its short term of existence spent about £ speniin the machinery that was disposed of as just mentioned, and the company is now in liquidation. But though the original con)uuiiy_is_xuined,- the enterprise ia not abandoned. Mr. Morgan, mayor of Colling- wood, purchased the plant, and it is under- stood that, in association with some others, he intends to carry on operations with a vigour which the embarrassed company was -unablo to display., In fact, the poudrette experiment is now in a more hopeful condi- tion than ever it was. Collingwood, Fitzroy, and District Gas and -Coke Company.-An extraordinary meeting ?of the shareholders of the Collingwood, Fitz, roy, and District Gas and Coke Company waa held on 20th May, Mr. G, Jamieson pro aiding. The object of the meeting was to consider a number of proposals extending the powers and capital of the company, and -the embodiment of the proposals in a bill to be submitted to Parliament fe.» ita approval in the coming session. The shareholders at the meeting were eaoh furnished with a copy of the bill, and the clauses of which were considered seratim. Clause 1, ex- tending the limits within which the company could supply gas from five miles to 15 miles from their works, was agreed to. Clauses 2 and 3, empowering the company to erect gasworks at Hotham or elsewhere within the 15 mile boundary, and io erect gasholders, were also agreed to. Clause 4, proposing to change the name to the Collingwood Gas and Coke Company, was «truck -out ClauBe 5, raising the capital of ?the company from £150,000 to £450,000, waa passed, as was also clause 0, empowering the company to contract loans to the extent of ?ita paid- up capital. The remaining clauaes of the bill referred generally to matters of management and detail, and were passed as proposed'in the bill, which, as amended by the Btriking out of the 4th clause, was agreed to. Australasia Coal Company.-A very stormy 'meeting of the Melbourne shareholders of the Australasia Coal Company was held at -the Athenioum on May 21. Mr. Richard Hodgson was voted to the ohair. The meet- ing bad been summoned by an advertisement, the directors having refused to accede to a requisition to call an extraordinary meeting to consider the conduct of the officers of .the company. Mr. Munro, M.LA, who bad been a director and bad resigned, de- livered an excited address', in which he accused the directors and the secretary (Mr. Longmore, M.L. A) of moat improperly conducting the business of the company ; while he also denounced the conduct of Mr. Rohyns, the managing director in New South Wales, whom he accused of utter incompetency. Mr. Longmore as vigorously replied, and some elegant specimens of repartee, such as "It's a lie," &c;, were freely bandied between the quondam colleagues of the " stonewall." The discus- sion which took place seemed to show that the affairs of the company are not being very satisfoctorily carried on, whoever may be to blame ; but no decision was arrived at, as it ia expected that a properly convened meeting will be called shortly by the directora. Another meeting waB held on June 9, in the Asaembly-hall, Collins-street Mr. R. Bowen occupied the chair, and there were about 200 shareholders present Mr. Long- more mode a very long statement of the position of the company ; and Mr. Moody, tbe mining manager of the company, re- plied to reports which had been sent in by Mr. Ford and Mr. Longmore about his pro- posed railway line from Newcastle to the company's land, and about his general con- duct. It was then agreed to adjourn the meeting to some night next week. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Offlco, Saturday Evening. In llio Import market« business tor tho month ha9 'been generally rostrlctod to supplying trade wanta* Occasionally some largor salea haye como beforo U3, and at une time consldorablo oxcltoment provallod lu brand). Sulk ales baye beonqulot,bottl6daloallkotvl9o; bottled, tout hag not been markod by much activity. Ilundto goods, both oomBacks and woolpacks, haye been nara noticed. Candles havo had a fair Inquiry Cements, chemicals, chicory, coffee, confoctlonory* cordage, Uah, gunpowder, ho,ifl, malt, ollmon's stores, pro*lukins, quicksilver, tobacco, havo not boon caarao* terlicd hy anything requiring special remark. In Irults, currants baye been largely dealt In. Bread ttnSa havo improved in yaluo. Feeding grains havo Icon depressed. In oils, keroseno at the oloso et Um month ovokod conBidorablo attention. Jn metala wo noto an Improvomont In gal- vanised ¡ron, pig Iron, and fencing wiro, Rico bas bein largely dlBposod o!. Salt has declined. Sugars havo gono extensively Into consumption. Teas "".ve gone off steadily ; a small parcol ot now congous m the early districts ot Macao baa already como forward. Timbor présents » muoh bettor tono and "jBpcct. Wines have bad a very steady trade demand. In branillcB an oxtenslvo business has boen dono. Alo and Stout-Tho utmost dulness has provallod throughout tbo month In regard to bulk ale Supplies bavo como forward vory Blowly, and to a trifling ox «rit ; t)aahowo\or appears to havo caused llttlo Incon SVenlonco, as the demand has boon moat InslgnlDcant. uotatlotiB havo boon stoadlly malntalnod at £8 to u, according to brands. Bottlod boora havo not boen «jiarkod by muoh acthlty. Stocks of tho cheaper descriptions ot bottled ales havo boon accumulating, iielng now very considerable, and at tho lowor rates at *hlch Ouse can now bo got a few parcels of falrt-h Bxtent havo been taken up ; with that exception busl nete has been restricted to supplying tbo most ordl Jiary trade want». On tho known and favourite brands llttlo al i oration in price can be roported. Fostor's Is Billi quoted at Ila. ; stoeks ot this brand are trilling, »nd tor tho small lol« dliposed ot our quotation If xoalued. Tennent'» has not been dealt lu from tm ixirtere' hands, boyare being -till la ample supply,tbe tjuoutlon ot 10s. less 10 and IB per coot, though not JJ«ly to be altered, la, however, merely nominal. Ajlaopp'fl, for trado purpoies, has bonn moving at 0a. «a. ki 8a. 0d. Blood'i U selling at U tv da, 3d. Hwtt triangle Is quoted atna. AUken'e ha* been going off {?lowly at 8«. 3d. to Ba. Od. for M'Ewan'a 8a 3d. Is accepted, juid Devontth'a may bo quoted at 8«. At Uheee rates, however, only retail lots could bo sold, land to quit parces lees money would havo to bo luken. For Jeffrey's 7s 3d. to 7s. Od. la asked, but | tor a Uno ot 700 caseB Bold on one occasion 7B or thereabout« h M1 to bo takon. Of bottled stouts the Huer brands bavo been moving vS steadily for trade iiurpor.es at unaltered rate», and of thu cheaper brands O'BiJeq'B daggor stout continuel to monopolise Uio attention ot tho trado ; tho buidnosa continues to go through tho auction mart as formorly. itdmond'ij pig brard bringa 10s 3d. to 10s Gd. Barko'a hag bron moving quietly at 109. Sd. Of Hall boar's bead sales havo boon making at 0| Od. Foster's baa boeu ro duced to 88 8d to Di Bd, Blood's is quittod at 9s. to 9s. 8d. O Brlon's dagger brand, as already Btatod, has f< und Its way Into tho bands of tho trado through tho auction mart; about 2,{j00 cases havo been quitted In tho courso of tho month at pncoa ranging from 8s Id. to 8s. 3d. ; at tho latest sales Sa. 1 jd. »aa réalisai; at the lato Uro DOO cisos of this brand were dostroyid. Tor I)} ass's wo quote 8s., but thcro Is nothing to report In tho way of salea Jeffrey's lo valued at 7s to 7s 3d, and other brands of porter may bo quoted at Oa Gd. upwards I Bagging,-Tho demand for cornsaoks for trado pur poets bas been of tno lightest description imaginable, and tho season boing ovor, business in that rcepoct baa beou limit« d to oxoouting the few trifl ug outsldo orders which havo como forward from limo to timo, and for sound lots 7a Gd. to 7s. Od. has gouorally been got, while faulty lots have been sold at Ga. Od. to 7s, Dundto- mado at samo timo being nomiual at 7s 3d. to 7« 6d. for sound full »eights As it Is yet far too oarly for speculators to operate, oven II stooks wen Bo Elaced as to present an Inducement, llttlo of a i speen .tlvo character comparathely has been done. Prices, howover, aro too low for tbe fact to be alto- gether Ignored, and that circumstance has tod to tho quittance, on one occasion, ' ot 100 bales on prlvato term«, while jin tho courso of ibo week now closed about 820 balos wero cleared où* by auotlon at 7s. to 7a 2d. The stock at piteenton nand IB onormous, and what makes tho proapect tor the neat season very gloomy Is tnat aup jpUta i till continue |to como forward, and tbo orders , tent iff already aro far too heavy even wera tho nurka now cleared out ;i but tbo fact la Importors recen o too much encouragoment from speculators. H otherwise we should not havo boen BO ovetloadod »iib supplies as we aro now. Two largo véasela havo air, ad> bo<-n cbarteicd for Calcutta, to load back chit fly with Dundoo gooda, and the Cingalese bas left this week for tbo return voyage. Woolpacks havo bad r-omparattvely little trade inquiry. Victorian; ihade bave been moving offal 2s. lodi For Dundee we quote 2; 8d , and (or Calcutta 2s 6d. to 2s. 8d , but tbo demand baa been pt little account as yet. Outsldo of ordinary trade purpesos wo hoar of tbo entire contlgnmout by the Amyone to ono firm, about 750 bales, having boon Sold, tbe ono half to arrlvo, and tbo balaoco Biui^ nor arrival. Bran bags havo been going off alowly at 6s. and 6(. Sd. For gunnies wo continue to quot« Gs Gd , but llttlo or no business bas boen reported all tho month. Boots and Shoes.-In ti:oso goods a bottor business lias been done ; tbo auction sales, howover, aro still li regular, nono at all having been held aomo wooka, ' »hilo In otbera moro than ono havo boen roportod On Wednoaday, tbo Slat ult, 278 trunka of im- ported, btBidos a considerable parcel of colonial manu lucturo, wero got rid ot by auction at the following rates, viz :-Womon'a morocco kid E.S. brought Sa. id, SB. lid., ii , 4s. 4 sonm to too, 1), 4& 4d,, 4s- 7d., 4a. 0*.; do, glovo kid do., 4a. 4d., Sa. 10J., 6a. Id , 7a Id, 7a. ed., 7a. Od., 88.; do. lasting K.B, bs., Se. 8d., and 7o. Gd.; glrla' kid K.S, 7 to 10, 2s. 7d., 2s. Od., and 8s.; children's patent lula., 2a. 6d. ; do. calf, atrapa, G to 0, at 2a. Dd., 10 to IS, 89. ; mon'a call emperors, 10a. Gd. and Ila ; do. do. Buasoll, 11s 8d. ; do, do. shoos. Ila ; do. Grecian Slippern at 2a. 4d.; womon'a felt do, at 2s. 4d ; children's colonial almas, 4 to 0, 2a. 6d ; do. 7 to 9, St. Gd. to 4B.; do., 10 lo l8, 4s. 4d. to 4s. 7a.; maids' do., 1 to 2, Ga. 3d. ; women's do., 0«. and Ga lOd : men's colonial laco, 7s ; do. bluchers, Gs lid.; youths do., 4s. lid. to6a. Gd.; men'a calf wellington legs, at 10s.; women's do., alma uppers, 3s Gd.; men's do., 4s 3d ; black-grain calf leatbor at 80s. per dozon. There was a large attendance of Uwn and country buyers, and biddings wore briete At « publlo sale on the day following, by order of Mr. S. rlatau-In- fants" 2-6 cold, hessians realised Is. Sd.; girls' 4 G croquet, 2a. 4d.; do. 4-6 levant gauntlets, C8. Gd., 4s. 3d.; do. 7-10 kid E-8., 3a 4d., 4s ; do. do. levant croquet, 6s. Od., Ga. 4d ; do. do. polonaise, Ga; do. 11-1 kid, 6s. 8d ; do. do. levant gauntlets, 7B. 3d.: do do. croquet, 4a 4d., 6s ; maids' 1-2 kid E.8., 7s, ii ; ladles' kid K.S., 7a. Gd., 8a 2d.; do. mernot do., 4s. 10d., 6s.; do glove kid, 8a, 18B. ; do. patent calf Bhocs, 6a.; do. lelt Bhoes, 2s, Od.; do. fur-bound shoes, 39. Gd.; do. embossed do., 8a.; do. Helton overshoes, 2s. 3d. I Candles.-Wo still report a good Inquiry for trade rrurpoBcB. A modorato buslnoas has likewise been dono for export, though much less during the presont, than tbo two montba Immediately preceding. Valuoa have bcon exceedingly well supported, no chango whatever having occurred In this respect «Ince wo last wrote. Trado parcela bavo boen moving off for local ueo at lOd. to lO'cl., and notwithstanding Mo opportunities »Horded to tho trade to supply actual wants at the weekly auctions, a good Inquiry nas boon experienced ; In addition to which, 'one 'Uno of 1,000 boxea, and ono of 2,000 boxoa, D.RO's, wore taken up at 10d.: while, at auction, about 2,000 boxes bavo fonnd buyers at OJd. for Qouda'a, lOd. for D.H.O 'a, and 10¡il. tor Jonar's. Far oxport saltB bavo been making In fair Unca, rising from 260 to 600 boxes, at prleea ranging from 8d to 8}d., according to brand. For Victorian mado an Im- proved demand baa alio boon experienced, and large . parcels of tbeae bavo been quitted at the unproved rates required, bringing tho value of thom to a closer approximation to tho prlco of Imported brands Ulan hitherto. Lately two lines of 600 boxes each of Apollo candles were quitted at OJd., leas discount. Of Kllcbon'a petrolinca the sale of 1,000 boxes at OJd. waa reported ; 760 boxea of their Btar make wero placed al 8 Jd., a Bmall trade discount boing allowed In boin casca. Comenta.-Portland maintains a steady aspect, but the sales effected do not aa a rule oxclto tbo least lntcrcet, being confined to aupplylug ordinary Irado wanta, at prices ruling, according to brands, from IDs to 10s. Stocks are too heavy to admit of the larger buyers operating, but had Buppllea advised bein kept on'a moderato Beale tboro would have been some chance loft for Improvement: we observe, however, that sblpmonts for April aro again extensivo, a fact "which may mllltato against any rlBO in value for aomo timo to como No large salea havo bcon effected durlngtho month, but there ia a demand for the othor coloidea, and »bon such ordora can be executed from Bblp menta In tbo bay wh cb havo not Inourrod storing and landing charges, fair parcela are got rid of. A Uno of 600 bárrela was sold to arrive a week ago for ono of tho othor colonies. American plaster baa not altered ; wo continue to quoto 16a to 16s. Od., but wo luvo not heard of any special Balee. Stocka are within modo- rato compaBB, and supplies coming forward aro not excessive. Chemicals aro mostly out of season, very little ac- tivity can therefore bo roported ; on such items, more- over, aa commaud noileo, lower ratea bave had to bo accepted. Soda crystals havo declined to £9 to £9 6s. ; saleB havo only this week been eflooted by auction at £0 2a. Gd Carbonato, though llttlo dealt in, has boon held for £10 CauBlio soda has been going oft quietly at £16 to £16 for 60 por cont ; whllo £13 to £18 10a. has been required for 70 per cent Flowers of sulphur bavo been selling Blowly in retail lots at £18 10s. to £14. Tartarlo acid haa rulod at 2s. to 2a Id.; and cream of tartar boa roallBod Is. ia. to la Oil, but Bcarcoly any demand has been oxperionccd. Prepared op|um has been going off In small lots at 21s. to 24a Gd. Chicory.-A fair business baa boon done all tho month, but sales, as UBual, bavo boen limited to mooting ordinary routine wants at 0JJ., at which tho rato for the present month Is alao flxod. Çoffeo -Tbo principalfcaturo slnco we last wrotobaa been the arrival of the Lottery, from Colombo, with 160 tona, tbo »hole of which has gono into tho hands of ono Arm In the trado, and will not thoroton) affect the market. The Fanny Fisher alBo touched hero on hor way to Srdnoy. Notwithstanding this arrival, tho fact that tbo Euntco's cargo was also taken up by ono buyor, aa roported laat month, has had tbo offoct cf making a very btoady market In tho destructive fires which occurred at tbo closo ot last month somo 60 tons of cilho wore de atrostd. Bualnoes during tho month has been limited to supplying local wants. No apodal silos bavo been effected, and though a declino in tho pro- ducing districts !B advised tilla mall, we do not an- ticipate any chango hero. Trade Balea havo boon steadily making at la 2d. to Is. i\i. for plantation. Java, according quality. Is quoted at la Id. to Is. lid. Nail* o Co} Ion l8 offorlng In small retail lots at Is. to la. Oid , but an attempt to clear off a quantity at auction resulted In tho quittance of ouly ono lot of Ave tone at lOJd, Our advices from Colombo roach to 9th May. Confectionery-Trade In theso gooda la entirely confined to tho salo of Victorian made, assort- ments of which aro disposed ot at 7(1. to 7sd. -Tboro Is nothing whatovor doing In imported Keillor's assorted aro quoted at 0]d., duty paid. Candled pool Is steady at from la to le. 3d. For J ujubea la. Id. ia a full quotation. Cordago -Our manufacturera do not roport much activity, tbo local trado demand moro especially being slow ; a moderate Inquiry for oxport l8 oxporloncod, but even with that tho salea effected aro of llttlo account. No alteration In pricoa can bo roferred to. Beat Manilla hemp mado Victorian ropo Iluda buyera at £00 ; Bizca undor Ho. havo boon moving at Sd. Second quality ia diaposcd of at £63 for largo Bizo, and 7(1. por lb. for cordage. Flat ropes have boon in vory slow Balo Indeed ; wo, howevor, continuo to quoto values at ratos ranging according to aizo from £72 to £84. Now Zealand flax mado rope la got rid of quietly at £12, whllo Unca and cordago Bizca bring 6d. Manila wool laahlng is quoted at £60. and Now Zealand wool laahlng la dlBposod of at £40. Twlnca bavo boon very llttlo BOucbt alter, and tbo salce reported havo boon trifling In tno extremo. Trado lota of Boamlug are moving off at lu. lid , while Bhop twines command buyers, but only In ratall lots, at prlcos ranging from lOd to le. Id Now Zealand flax, owing to tbo oxt.emo ratea now demanded, la very llttlo dealt In. Occasional salts, however, como to bo reported from time to timo at £¿6. Fish -Saying for actual requirement llttlo Inquiry baa been experienced, and sales thus restricted nave bcon unimportant. Quotations, however, havo boen well maintained, and values as a rulo have not fluc- tuated in any degroo wnatever. Ling Is quotod at 6Jd , at which tho few trifling saloa roported luvj boon making. Half-barrels white herrines bavo dropped to 27a ; lib. horrlnga In tina have rosllsod 7a Gd lied horrlnga In tina hayo boon dlBposod ot at 32?. to 84a. lib. salmon baa bad moro notlco, an lmprovo l tono having bcon Imparted by tho advicos to band laat mall from America; salea bavo boon making much moro freely at 0a 3d. Sardinoa havo boon going off steadily at 8a 3d. for halves, best braadB, notwith- standing that for a Uno of 100 cases Bold by auotlon 8s lid. was accepted ; for quarters, 4a. 101 d. to 5s. has boon stoadily domandod all the month, lib. ojito« bring 8B,, and lib. lobsters aro disposed ot at OB. 3d. to 9s. Gd. Fruits.-A largo buBlnosa has boon dono In ourranta, and an advanco on last month's quotations baa bcon established; this baa boon tbo main feature In tbo market, ralslna having boon completely nogloctod. In tbo early part of tbo month a vory fair business wat dono In currants at 6d. to 6Jd. On tho arrlval.how ever, of the TorreeBtralts mall Btoamor at tbo Northorn Queensland ports, tolograms wore rocolvod from Lon- don, advising a consllorablo advanco In England, and a spoculatlvo moyemont wai at onco Initiated, which resulted In the cloaranco of all available parcels, on the Bpot and to arrlvo, to the oxtent ot 060 barrels, 800 of willoh went Into tho hands of ono Arm. Tho prlco paid ranged from Ed. to 6Jd., and boldon have tinco requlrod 6jil, a figuro which la llkowlso to bo got notwithstanding tho unwllllognoss of buyers to pay the adrr.nco, as lator advicoa from London roport a farther riso. Balabla havo «caroely been' noticed, and tho Balos effeotod have boen ot vory llttlo consequence. Klome do not realise ovor M. Valencia are also quotod at Gd., but thcro lu extremely UtUo offering. Capet are almost entirely out of the market ; we quote 6)4. ji-ultuas b»vo boen moving off at Sjd. Muscatola rang-o {from l8, to l8 Sd , but no inquiry has boou oxpo ,rlcnctd. Figs h »ve been Belling at 8,1 to 814. Dried 'apples aro quoted at 8d to Sid , but bualnoja U limited to mere retail eales. Flour and Drain-On ihn dcpirturn of tho last mail »Learner the markot fur brcadstuffs preaontcd B rising tendency, and tbo prico of wheat has nineo Improved by lid to Sd. per bushol. AB WO wrote lntt mall tho agricultural BUtiallcs were pub- lished, and tho oilixt on tho market wes of a decidedly favourable character. From 6s Od to G-. Ojd , the extremo ratos then quoted, the prico roso to on lOJd. and C9 lid. Considérenlo ailes of dry Western wheat, much Bought nftor f ir mixing, were made at 5- 10}d., and the ratts roaliaod for Norlhorn liavorBnged during tho laBt fortnight at fromes. 01 to 6s. lid. At tlio latrer prico not much has lieon dono, hut this week tho prico baa boen realised, and whon anything of quality to warrant it has boon offered, the quotation giren bas heon palo. Operations gt-iiorally havo not been of much account, and when hu} era havo got temporarily Bupphod an easier fooling ho» prevallod, but tho moment trio slightest demand has again been experienced the markot at once aseumoa its wonted tono of lirmnosB. Ibis wook. at one auction talo, 6s. lOd. to CB lid waa roallsod for tho bulk oL tho wheat offerod, and at tho closing BaloB of tho week Benalla sorts of tnodlum quality woro Bold, at CB Bid. to CB. Od. Flour hal also boon Tory firm, quotations ruling for tho greater part of the month at ¿12 to £12 5s., for good to best brands ; then prices, however, not being at all remunerative, ouly the tnertBt trado eales havo beoni making, as only Buch outeldo lots as could bo got hold of have beorí ottering at the lower range, and it anything like parcels were at all wanted, buyers had to pay 2s. Od. over our highest quotation. This was exemplified last week . only, when 160 tong In , ono Uno changed hinds' Ar £12 7s. Od. Tho dooling In flour, however, has, as a rule, been much heavier than tbat In regard to wheat, and buyors bato beon operating all atong wilb extremo caution. Quotations havo during the present week rulod at £12 j», to £12 7s. ed., though ouly a very modorato bualuoss lies been nose There Is no question but tho market throughout his beon grootl} sustained by holders ro training from forcing Bales when any temporary dull ni sa was experienced, a policy which Ins resulted satisfactorily. Advices from England by tho mall havo had tho «fleet of lowering prices In Adelaide, a leduction of 2d per bush"l having been submitted io. Bales thero are i otv made at 4s 8d , but as that Is not 'more than the equivalent of Cs lOd. hero, valut s will havo to go lowor still to affect us. Country supplies durli g tho month havo boon on a moderate Bcalo. Tho quantity rocoivod for tho itar amouuts to, 101,102 bags of »boat and SI,CM »K8 of flour against 160,027 bags of wheat aud 40,883 bugs of flour the year before, making an Increase «hen reduced to wheat of 12,600 hage lu favour of the present >ear. Feeding grains havo beon very heavy and difficult to mon, oats more particularly so. Supplies havo como forward freoty onough, though Comparatively little has yot como from Now Zealand, and ibis It ia which bangsover the market and Imparts such a dcprcFBcd tone, os It is well known that ours 1B the principal market in the colonies for that grain, and the bulk of tbelr yield must } ot dud an outlet hore. In the carl} part of tho montbabout 30,000 bushels wera cleared off in ono week. Since then,howevor,tho demand bavlng tutaided, much difficulty baa boon experienced lb making sales, and a vory unsatisfactory foellug bas prevailed. Tbo price In consequonco has declined Id. to lid. on Uno milling, and 2d. to 3d. on common qualities. Tasmanian coast-grown havo boon coming forward very Ircoly, and these havo boen moving ou st 2s. Od. to 2s 10d.; medium qualities of food lug bato realised 8s, while best heavy feeding bave brought 8a. 2d.; milling holng sold at 8s. 4d. Valzo hos fluctuated In prico ; after dropping to 8s. lOd It rosa again, touching 4s 3d, but re ccdirg once more, l8 now selling at 4s. Barloy hog not boen active Karly in the month 12,000 bushola malling woro taken up on private etcrms ; since then, howovcr, nothing further of aepeclalnaturehas been reported. V7o quota 5s. to Cs. 3d. Feeding qualities havo boon moving quietly, but slowly, at 8s. to 8s. 4d. Bran has received attention at Is. 40. Pollard has been selling at la. 4d to Is. Sd. Vlo tbilan oatmeal has sold at £22; and Victorian pearl barley has been moving at £20. 1 Gunpowder.-Blasting powder baa met with a vory ordinary amount of trado attention, but nothing more. Sales in consequonco call for no special notice. Ball's l8 going eff In small lots at Old. Kalmos la quoted at ed , but the stock held Is vory light. For Curtis and \- BJorvoy's, C]d. would bo takon ; and other brands com- mand from 61d. to Od. ¡ Hops have beon extremely dull and heavy. No de- mand whatever bos been oxporlencod, and only the most trifling business has In consequonco been dono. £ivcn for trade purposes all Inquiry is at prosent dor- mant, and until tho season 1B much moro advanced tbcro Is little probability of tho larger buyers being induced to operate. Holders, however, havo not attempted to force sales, and, in consequence, prices though nominal do not show any positivo declino In vkluo. Kent 1875, beet qualities, have been quoted at Is 7d. for parcels, and small lots have been Belling at Is. 8d , medium samples bavo ruled at Is. Oil, and Inferior con bo purchased at Is. 3d. Tasmanian have Bcarcely been looked at, and if an inquiry has at all been, experienced it bag only been fur Bmall lots for actual wants. Quotations, according to quality, rango from Is. Od. to Is. 8il. for Bmall lots. For common and ordinary samples, howevor, we cannot quoto over Is Sd. to Is. 4d. Bavarian havo boon moro noticed, tho quality which has como forward of lato having been very fine. Best descriptions havo boon sold at la. Sd , but a fair hop lias also beou qulttod at Is. 7(1. to la Bil. Malt -We havo no Improvpmonto roport. Thoro is no inquiry for largo parcele, and tbo trado demand cíclica no notlro. Balee in euch lots aro makiogat 10s. Od to 10s Od. 'MctBlobmo not been particularly activo, and with Hie exception of one or or two specialties tho business dono has not been of a marked charactor. Fig Iron, owing to tho continued decrease In shipments, has hold of late an Improving tendency. We now quoto £4 17s. (id. in parcels, and for small lots £5 2s. Od. to £5 6B. IS wanted. Galvanlsod Iron has boen Belling all the month at £28 10B and £20 for 20 gaugo ordinary brand, whtlo best brands havo realised JLStl 10s. for samo gaugo ; more receutly £18 10s, was realised fur Gospel Oak, and wo .nqw quoto £¿0 10s. to £31 10', for boat, liar aud rod iron is steady at £11 to £12 10s. Shoot Iron Is in slow sale ; £14 is obtained for assort- ments of Nos. 8 to l8, «lilla £17 Is roqutred for Nos 20 to 20 Plato Iron is vory dull at £11 to £13 Hoop lrou can bo purchased at £12 to £12 10s. Fonclng wiro Is tq very good trado domand at £10 6s., £17 6s., and £18 10s. A week or two ago 160 tons were dis-, pot cd of privately, wbilo at auction a fortnight ago bO'j tons of H j laud and Whltocross w»ro disposed of, all liMills, when No. 7 brought £10 Cs to £10 10s. ; No. 8, £17 12s. Od to ¿l8 ; No 0, £17 17a Od. to £18 los ; No. 10, £18 6s. to £18 17s ed. Íier ton. Sheet lead has boon quoted at £28. Soot lae had a fair Inquiry, and sales havo been making at £43 Tin pintea are most difficult to movo ; tor good assortments 10 nor cent, on Involco Is asked. Mu utz metal Is still without inquiry ; wo quoto Od. Sales of Ewbauk'a nails aro making at 121 to 1C per cont on list price ; american nolls obtain little or no at tont Ion, though eSered at l63 ; French nails are a shado botter, holdere ask 23s. aud 24s. Amorlcan hardware Is in flood supply, but Inquiries ara of llttlo account, and no argo bublncss can be reported. Golllns'B and Shorpo's heavy axes oro disposed of at 70s Collius's heavy picks are quoted at C2s. Ames's BbovelB aro got rid of at 00s Sou's P-1L shovels, Slbx to ¡(Oin., aro going off quietly at 40s., and other ra »kera', earno size, bring «Os. Ilollowaro has bien -antod, aud Bales-havo been making at 171 per cent off list. ' Oils bave not boon particularly notlcod ; tho trado demand bos boon very light, and llttlo Inquiry has been experienced for parcela. In this rospoct koro eene bas been no oxcoptlnn. Barly In the mouth, 1,000 cotes and alterwards 1,500 cases Dovoo'schangod bands atls. 5d., but tinco then business has been llmltod to {executing tho morost trado orders, while Diamond bos boen complotely neglected, and though offered at 1.B 8d. for parcels, has failed to draw out buyers ; wo quoto up to Is. 81d-, according to quantity. Other brands are offering at 1B Sd. Since writing some 2o,b00 casca Diamond havo been takon up on prlvato terms. Advices from Now York reach to 16th April, and tho quantity stated to havo been despatched to Melbourne during tho month amounts to 31 500 cases, besides 10,000 cases to tho other colonies. Castor olli has not boon brisk ; a modorato trado In- quiry has oxlatod at 8s. 2d., duty paid. A ship- ment of 600 cases, ex Amyono, has beon takon up on lorms withheld. Lnsccd oil has bceu moving off quietly at 3s. 8d. tor drums, and 8s. 2d. In bulk, bales of Colza havo been making at 4s (k1 In drums, and 4s. In wood. Olivo has beon vory atoady at 6s. 3d. and 4s, Od. In drums and coBks respectively. Oblueso has declined to 3s, Od., without, however, loading to auy iucrcasod busmoes. Of Polar oil thero hoa boen no stock. Oilmen's Stores bavo had a moderate solo for trado purposes, but nothing whotovor has beon doue In tho quluanco of entiro Invoices ; for actual wanta, how over, eales to a fair oxtont havo boen made. Tho only now (enturo was a sudden domand for wax vostos ; tod ontiro Btock of Palmer's in agonts' hands having boon takon up. Sates of othor brands woro also effected at same timo, as well as of Briant and May's. Atauctlon 6B Od. to Cs. Od was rtalt&od; for wood boicB and plaids, and 10s. (k1, to 73s Od for tinned boxes, according to size. Pickles havo maintained a vory Btcady quotation at 8s 0d. to 0s Od. and 10s 3d. to 12s 0d Bottlod fruits havo found bit j ora at Vii. for «sorted, and 13s. for black currants lib Jtms, Tasmanian rod cress brand, aro moving otf at OB 3d. Salad oils, in quatta, havo boou got rid of at 10s., 22s , and 24s. Pinta bavo boen quitted at 10s. to 12s. (k1., and halves havo boon dlBpoBod of at 6s Od. to 7a (k1- Castor oil In pinta bringa 0s., whllo halves havo beon soiling at Cs. Sauces rango from 0s. to 12s. Capers aro quoted at OS to 7s Col nian's mustard, in 71b tlnB, realises 8Jd , lib tins com- mand 10s Gd., and half.pound tins sell at Co. Od. Keen's t> S.F. Is got rid of at 18s. for pounds, and 0s. Od Is now takon for half-pounds, whlto starch Ia saleable at Od. liluo Btarch bringBOJd Thumb blue Is got rid of at lid. Sago realises 2}d. Macaroni ondvonnlcclll lind buyorB at Old While popper goes ot)1 Blowly at advanced ratcB, dealers bavlng raisod the price to Od to »Jil, and black peppor ia quitted at Od I Tho Misa Blanche, roccntly arrivod from Singa poro has brought forward a cargo of Bago, tipioca, and black and white pepper. Prov isions have boon in moderato roqucst. Butter, colonial eurod, has advanced to Is 2d and l8 4d , at «bli li Bales havo boon making Colonial-mado choeso bas been going off at 8d. to lOd for good to primo quality. Bacon and hams, Victorian cured, havo not bad am activo Inquiry OI tho fornur trodo Bvlos havo been making ot Sid to lOd according to quality; whllo hamB bavo boon moving at IOJIL to Hld and Is. Quicksilver lins been going off very quiotly Indeed, and uovond actual trado requirements no s»los havo been reeorded ; Iho roto lullug boa stood ot 8s 2d to is BO. Bice.-A Inrgo business has boon dono In Palna. Th6 arrivals for tho month comprise tho Cingalese from Calcutta with 14,000 bags, and the Amy ono, with 15 0C0 bogs ; of tbo formor about 260 lons woro quitted In parcels at £14 to £14 10s, according to quantity : whllo of tho lattor about half tha shipment was taken up on arrival, and tho re- mainder, about 460tonB, changod banda attorwards In ono lino on terniB withhold. This purchoso waa mado by nrovlousholcort, and has had tho offert of dlrootlng attention to the market, numerous inquiries having beon cxporloncod slnco for largo linos at £11, In bond, without being responded to Trado solos hivo boon making at £14 16B. to £16 for lato Bhlpiniintfl, whllo £10 108 has beon required for oarly arrivals For duty paid lula wo quoto from £18 to £20 Bomo reliof baa boen afforded to on overstocked markot by tho destruction of 400 tonB of old rico by Uro. Calcutta advices havo been received to 20th April. Drossod rico hos not beon marked by much Inquiry. The mills report a fair trado domand, but nothing moro, and Bales bavo consequently been of an unim- portant character. Javo- drcawsd, according to samplo, bal rcallBcd from £20 to £21 10s. Tho salo of 200 tons cargo dressed has Just beon effected privately. Rangoon baa commandod from £17 lo £1010a. Bang- kok Molbourne-dreasod baa been moving at £18, whllo carec-drewod Saigon has brought f 17. Salt_This market has complotoiy broken down during tbo prcsont month, tho suspensión of one of tho largest buyera having hod a most unfavour I able effect. There has been little inquiry pri-, tatoly, but avery week, at auction, parcela havo beau quitted at declining rafa since. The drat week of th> month. 100 tona sold at 68s. Od for Ano Liverpool, and - 2ft tons coarse brought 70s. Tbo following week 00t Cd. and 60s. Gd. respectively waa taken for 86 tons Tbo wcik aflor that 66s. and 60s. was realised, »nr| thin week G6s. and 68s was tak»-ii, whllo Uno Loudou 'stowed waa sold as low,aa 62«. 6d to 85a Bcirco'y anything baB boon dono In ordinary routine Balea In Buch lines 72s Gd and 76s la asked, while OOs and Ozs Gd. would bo taken for Uno London atoved To place large Dhlpmouta, hoWever, a much lower 'rate would havo to be taken. The inaikot la very 'ni actt'ed, and prlcea most Irregular. SlaUa -Wo havo no alteration to rcfor to. Tho month has btcn marked by a fair trado domind, in 'addition to «Inch Bevoral invoices, to the extent of 1120 000, bavo boon taken up, and values aro excocd ingly woU aupporud. Arrivals during tho month amount to lOu.OOO Bhlpmonta advised aro fully up to requirements. Quotaiiona for beat Bangor are-24 x Í2, £18 10s. to £10 ; 22 x 12, £10 and £17 ; and 20 x 0\. £1410a. Sugar.- A steady buBtncsa has boon dono in Victorian reQi ed, for ordinary loqulremeniB, but notwithstanding tbo groat reduction In Mooks of 'other sorts, and tho actual ficarctty exporioticod, no advanco in value can bo roported-the com- pany preferring to keep prlcoa aa they aro. Tno sales of tho month aggregate 1,400 tons, at rates ranging trom £30 to £36 As tho month commenced, aomo roUot was afforded to tho markot by the arrival of three cargoes of grocery aorta almost simultaneously from Mauritius-the Louisa, via Ade- laide, and tbo ïnfaus Nantais and Glaslyn direct the whole of which v>as clarcd off within 10 days at hast Tbe month oponed witt private sales on Tues day. the 16th ult. to tho extent of 8 000 baga, ox Louisa. On Wcdntaday,tho 17th, tbo auction Balo went off very satlflfactorily. Ankdvancoof 10s wasaocurod on browns and fine whites, while intermediate qualities tully Buatained provtoua quotations. Tho cargo offend was that of tbo Enfant« NantalB, comprialng 6,626 baga, evory Uno of which waa cloarod off lit 23a. to 24s. for low ratlona, 24a. to 26s. 3d. ter browns to good browns, 26s. to 26a. 9d. tor low jollow counters, 27s. Sd. to 28s. 3d. for medium, and 20a. 6d. to 80a for good to fine; 29a. Os. to 80s. 8d. for good grainy yellows ; 29i 64. to (¡Is. ed. for low jollow crymole ; 82a Od. to 33B Od for ttood grey counters ; and 31s to 84s 3d. for fine ; 33s. yu. to 84s. for medium while ; and 34s. Od. for, good. Kuril or eales to tho extent of 2,600 bags aud pockets, ix LCUIBS, wero also effected privately, and up to £96 10s. wai realised for fine white. 'On Thurs- day about 2,000 bags were quitted at prices rising from £26 10s. to £84 10a.. according to sample On F>lday-l,100 bags wero placed On Monday, tbo 22nd, wo roticedtho ralo privately at about 600 boga it from £32. On Tuesday, the 23rd, wo reported tho quittance ot the outlro ehltmtnt per Qlasly >, at prices (quality considered) fully equal to previous publio Bales ; 6,470 bagB and 1,182 pockets wero eli oriel off, »hen Uno whites brought £30 ; mlddllnit soft whites, £34 10s ; grey dry whites, £33 6a. to £33 18s,; soft yellow counters, £29 10a. to £30; medium Counters, £28a. to £29 ; One browne. £26 10s. to £27 loa. On Thursday, the 24th, wo mentioned the quit- tance of a pared of pockets and baga at up to £30 for yellowish counters. On Friday the sala was effected of about GOO boga low yoUow oountera at £27 16a to £23, and a few hundred bags wera diBposed of on baturday at £27 for One browua. On the 20lh, tho Bale of 1,000 baga Maurltlua, chiefly fino descriptions, was effected at up to £36 10a On Tuesday, tho 80th, under the hammer, 1 070 bagrMaurltluB »ero quitted at £2010s. to £28 for low oountera. £2610s. to £20 for browua. and £22 16s. to £26 be. for ratlona ; 1,200 mats yellow Javas were at same timo cloarod offal £30. Privately about 600 bags good to Ano yellow countera wore placed at £30 to £3110a, and a Uno of 700 bagB brewers' waa takon by one buyor on prlvato terms. On Wednesday, the 3Ïflt, about 2,000mats of good to medium whites changed banda at 82a Gd. to Sie. Gd. The damagod portion of one or two Mauritius cargoes was disposed of by auction, when 6b9 bag", moro or lesa damaged by Bee-water, were olcarea off at prices ranging from £2S IDs. to £88 10s. On Tuesday, tho Gth inst. 2,311 bags Mauritius wero quitted at prices rising from £24 lor rations, £26 to £26 10s. for good browns, to £23 Íor j ellowB ; 3,260 mata Java woro llkewlao disposed of at £2010s. for gre} leb wblte counters, and £28 103 for middling counters. TI o arrival of tho Figaro from Bcunion waa reported on tho 7th, with a cargo of this produce. Advices from Mauritiua have been rocolvod lids wcok by telegraph from Adolaido and Gallo mall tb 30lh April. 1 Ten -The arrhals havo boen-From Sydnoy, 33,000 lb, per fiteatneis Bow ou and Singapore; via Sydney, per steamer Somerset, 81,OC01b. 'J he market oontlnuea ettady, with a moderate buaincBB doing, principally in fair medium congous Common grades aro unaltoredln value, abovo IB. 4d Whilst valuta aro Urra, bualucaa la email, aa bujere prefer walting tho arrival of tho new Foo-chow teas, which may bo cxpocted at tho ond of noxt mouth. Tho arrival of tho first of tbo new make 1B76-7 Macao congons la tho main feature of thomonth. The greater part of these waa Bubmlttod to pabilo auction, and Bold readily at prices ranging from la. 2d. to Is. 81d. These shipmonts havo not equalled tho exrcotations formed prior to their arrival, not being of so Ano a quaUty as those lmportod last aoaaon. In scented te» the market ia vory quiet, with little di ing. Quotationa :-Congous-Duet and sittings, 7'd. to 8j(L; Droken to leafy, 8Jd. to »Jd.; leafy to common, lOd. to lid.; common to good common, lid. to Is.; good common to flavoury, lr. Oid. to Is. Id. ; flavoury to medium, Is. 2d. to Is Sd. ; medium to good, la. 4d. to la. 6d.; good to flue, la. C|d to la aid.; fine to finest, la. 7Jd- to Is Od.; choice, la. lOd. to 2s ; S.O. Fekoe, Boost Foo- chow, Is. 8d to Is. lOd.; Canton common. lOd. to 1). Id.; S. capers, Canton common, lOd. to Is.; Foo- chow, la 8d. to la Gd.; oolongs fine, Is. Od. to Is. 8d.; gunpowder, Canton common, lOd.; fine, Is. Od. to lo. Gd. limber.-Wo roport an Improving market. Vory little has been doue during tho mouth, sololy becauBo holders bavo refrained frum pruaalng 8alea-a policy which has result'd In a conBiderablo advance belüg cetabllebed on many Unes; anda further improve- ment IB expectod lu conaequonco of the favourablo naturo of home advices. The following aro the piindpal eales since our last ¡-During tho first and tocona weeks of the month nut a single parcel was ? Hired publicly, but eales ot Oregon lumber wet« cffiottd prhately at£S 10a. Laat week, on Tueadaj, tho80th, we roported tbo salo publicly at tho Australian V, barf, ex Trank Flint, all faults, of 8,004 rod deals and battens at 6d. 6 lOiba to id. l-0th per foot nf 9 x 3. Ï* Otago, 616.0001t, wlilto Balito T and O. flooring, 6 x Ii, realised 12s. Bil.; 0 r j 10s Gd.; 0 x }, 8a. rk| pir 100ft, lineal. Ex Southern Croea, 6ft, box palinga, 18a Od. per 100. On Friday, the 2nd, ex Etta Lorlng, clear pine, inferior, brought £10 2a. Gd to £10 6B. ; carpoutore' clear, £1012a. Od. to £13 16s. Ex Europa, damaged and inferior carpenters' oloar ? realised £8 69. to £8 2s. Sd. Ex Lightning, white pine shelving sold at £812a. Od., boing an adiauce of 80a Inch clear shelving brought £18-17s Gd., and carpenters' char, £11 17a Gd. to £11 16B ; 4 x 11 un dreeeed waa quitted at £10 6s ; and 6 x li al £0 16s. to1 £9 12s. 6d ; 4fL pickets realised £4 17a. 6d" and 4Jlt. £610a Latba have boen cleared off at from 21s. 8d. to 21B. Dd., and 22s. 3d to 26a. Da. Tobacco.-Tho market haa boon very quiet through- out, and leBB buBlncBs has been roported than for many mOhtbB past ; tbis 1B, however, owing to the fact that thcro ia not much now In atook In Importera' nanda. A moderato local trade domand ouly can be rennrtod, tha trade now being directed into a different cbanntl, as Victorian manufactured tobaccooB aro so rapidly superseding lmportod goods. Latoly, how- ever, an Improved export Inquiry waa oxporloncod, ordere during tbo lost 10 dnys having como muoh moro frcoly forward. The better clar-B of twist has been moro In rcquiet, but Buppllea In Importers' banda bavo been all cleared, and Becond holders have aleo bad their Btcck vory much reduced. No round can bo mot with at all In tho market, and no arrlvala of new can be expected before epring. Supplies of Inferior are abundant, buttburo ia hilloor no inquiry for auch descriptions BuBincaa opined up for tho month by the quittance of SO packaged damaged twist, Chlldroy'a gooda, at 11 Jd. to 13Jd., HIUB clearing out agenta' bands. A email shipment of thla makcr'a tens and aromática was Bold privately about a fortnight ago under tho hammer. Tbo auction Bales thon roported woro of equally llttlo conaequonco, whllo tho quit- tance of a small lot of Bhellard'B twist and a fow packages of navies and fauclcs In addition con- stituted tho bulk of tbo same week's sales. Tills week 207 packages wero offered, all fault«, »hen 186 wero got rid of at 0}d to 11 Jd. Our trade quotations aro-Common and modium tens Od. to la , good to beat lad. to l8 jd. ; navloa, bright and daik, la. to Is. 8d ; twist, common to medium, la. to 14d ; good to best 16}d. to lBJd. Ormond'a Swiss cigars aro quoted at 36a. to 37a Gd. Manillas ara In Improved demand again, stocka having becomo vory circumscribed ; quotationa rulo at 60a to 06s. Ger- man cigars command 40s. to 60s. Hamburg and other makes rango from 70s to 200a. Oonulno Havannahs aro very ecarce. and prices ore quite nominal. Wines and Spirits.-A good trado domand for ports and shtrriee baa been experienced ; considerable Irregularity, howover, has existed, sales of ports haying tho preponderance ono week, and ahorrloa being moat noticed during tbo following. Port« havo been sold at from £22 to £31, and all intervening prices downwards. Ono Balo of ahorry waa ettoctod at £88 ; tho noxt blghoot prlco roportod was at £05, from which, at all prlcea down to £21, Balee bayo Uko wito been tffectod. Champagnes bnvo beon moving off Blowly at from 80s. to 40a., 66a. to 76s and 82a. Gd and 06a., according to brands. Sparkling Muselles bavo been selling at 60s. to 60s Brandlos havo undorgono quito a rovolution in tho courso of tho past month. A vory conBiderablo amount of business baa bcon dono, and an advance on tho varloua branda of from 8d. to Gd haa been established. In tho begin- ning of tho month Honncssy'a palo 1876, to arrlvo, began to bo Inquired for, and about 120hhd., In porcols, thon changed hands at 7a 3d. Bat tho fol- lowing »eck quite a sensation was croatod by tho rtcoipt of EngllBh telegrams, brought forward from fclngoporo, and tranemlited boro from Brlabano, »herobj merchants wero placod In possession of Eng Uah and Continental nowa regarding brandy to 26.h April. One nt that date stated that tbo Cognac vine jards had Buffered partially from the ftoat ; that thore waa a riso In conaequonco on brandy, and tho loading houses refuted to quote. Tloiinosaj, It was said, had rctolvcd not to quoto till tho ond of June. Tnoso auvicca caused coi Bldorablo oxcltemont, and in tho courso of Monday.tho 22nd, a parcel of HonnoeBy'B, 1876 vintage, waa dlapoBod of at 7a 3d to arrive, but Bub Btquoiit]y7a 4Jd. waa paid for 100 quarters; 7a 6d. waa afitrwardB offored and refused, and 7s. Od. could havo boen paid beforo tho day waa ovor. Martell'B palo, 1&74, on tho spot, »as advanced to 7a. Sd., at w hltb holders woro Arm for palo and dark, though somewhat lota waa accepted for about 20 hhd. For Owrd, 7a »aa required, and for Otard caso 2i9 0d. »OB demanded ; 160 quarters La Orando Marquo chanted hands at 6a Od, and tbo agout aftorwarda raised tho prlco to 0s. On Tuesday, tho 28rd, wo lopoitod tbo sale of two Bmall parcela o! Honne«By'e palo, 1876, to airivo, at 7H Gd Equal to 60 hhd. dark Martoll'a changed bands at a price support- ing tho quotation of 7a. 3d for small lol« Equal to 76 hhd, Otard'a palo, 1876, woro also taken up to arrl\o, and at tho cloao ot tho day over 100 hhd of Hcnnessj'B, 1872, wore purohaaod by ono buyor at about 8». Od. On Thursday wo roported email sales of various branda, and on Friday 160 quarter» dark AlartcU'a wero auld for shipment at close up to 7s. 3d , while 100 quartorB of Julos Hobin and Co 's palo and dark woro disposed of at about 6a 8d. On Monday, the 2mh,a Uno of 60 quartera Ohampagno Vlnoyard dark brandy was placed at a prlco fully supporting tho trido rato of Ga About 200 casoa Ilenneeay's braudy fuithcr chongod handa at 80». Bd. On Tuesday, again, a very much Increased btisinosa waa done ; equal to 126 quarteiB of Hcnnceay's 1876 brandy wero takon up, to arrive, at 7s Od. About 100 hhd. Otard'a wero also placed, to arrlvo, at 6a Gd. 600 caa-s, also of thla brand, -wero quitted at 24a. to 24s Oil ; 22 hhd. and 70 Suarteie, a mixed pared of Chauipagno Vlnoyard, ulta Pöbln and (jo, and La Orando at full ratos, llkewieo appeared amongst tbo business reported. On Thursday, the l»t Inat, wo roported too quittance of equal to ISO quaiter« of Heiineaay's palo, 1876, at 7s. Od to arrive A large business also waa dono In non. nesBy's cato brandy, on tbo spot and to arrive ; 1,250 taaeo nero disposed of, chltfly for Bhtpmont, at 80s. Ut). and 80s. 9d., tho latter price having bcon reallacd for lines of oven Î60 eases. Since the arrival of the mall there baa boen loss doing, and the oxcltemont aeetna to have quieted down again. A few emaU lota of Heunesey's arc still ¡telling at 7« 6dCbut_Iíitle else hw. transpired «11 tho I week. The first consignment for years pau ot | Kcnault's brandy han arrived this week, und regular 4 ipmonts aro to come forward In future Tho brand f« weil known in tho markot. AB might bo expected, jmu 'existed, hut no think tho following will ho C1D»O up* jUi value. Hennessy's palo, 1872, comm-inla aa .mach aö Da. to 0*- 3d.; for Ï87i wo quote 7« Gd. i" Is pd ; while 1875 le still readily pale-able at 7a. Gd. Mat toll's pate 1872 can be purchased at 7B. Od., SOI J 1874 palo and dark command 7H 3d. Otarrf, in nr.il naryttacfilotB.Uhtitd for7*. Denis Uounleaud Co'sts wlliiKat7s.to7s.3d ForMarottwnquotcCa 3d. C V.P. ti- valued at C3 to OB Sd La Grand Marque has buen held during the. week at fls , and for Biscuit Duxnicho up to ßs ialSkowiio required Jules Robin and Co is worth 6s. Od Olozeau's Is valuod at 6s. Gd. to 5s. Od. Tbero is no stock of Associated Vineyard, for which CR Sd. would probably ho auked. Central Vineyard cr m mauds 6s Caso llonnossy liu advanced to 3 and 81s was at one timn demanded. Denis Mounle's is »toadj al 38*. Gd, Martello is in moderato request at *8s Otard's is very saleablo at'24s to 24s Gd. Marett's b-infts 23s, and other brands aro saleable at 17s. to 22s. Genova, ntglccted till within tho last 10 dajs, bas been moro noticed since. For JUKZ, 15 and 0 bottle caaos, 13s 3d. and 13s. Od. can u >w bo ubtatLOd ; 2,000 cases havo rtcc&tly; changed bania, and a very Btrong demand continues to bo ox twrknecd. Key br*nd is quoted at 11s. 3d. to Ile. Od. Kum has likewise lmpro\od. A parcel ot R.W.P. 10 per cent, o p. has changed hands at 3«. 411., and now 3s. Od. Is \k anted for this brand aud Lemon Hart's. Lowndc's and TniBsaud Browning's command 3a. 3d, Woolie schnapts are moving n£tj very freely at 2 is. per ease. Whiskey is in moderate trade request at unaltered rates ; wo quoto from 4s 0d to Cr. 3d., and ta. Gd. to 0s, Blr li Burnett's old tom ia Belling » at 38s. _ REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Tho mining business of tho put month has shown an Improvement on its predecessor. Transactions havo been fairly numerous. Quotations generally havo been nell suetaÍD0d; and in a good number of casos advanced rates ho,vojbeen established. Thore ha) not been much speculation in progressive companies, busl ness continuing principally restricted to the dlvidond pajtng mines. Vory good jlolds continue to bo obtained from the Victory, Pandora, aud Goldon Stream companies, and most of tho stocks on tho Garden Gully Uno havo, In contoinonco, mo5 nith good support from Investors. Tbo Garden Gully United Company has at last arranged a settlement ot the various claims for restora- tion of forfeited shares, and has now a bilanoo of about £0,000 on hand, betides 2 SSL shares which will, probably, bo either allocated pro rata to the shareholders or sold by tondor. Tho company is now In a fiatlf factory pot 1 lion, and will Immediately resumo pajment of dividends. The .Londonderry com pani oa, after several fluctuations, close at good advance, but nothing favourable Is yot reported from the Gordon's, or any of the claims south of tho Londonderry. Further improved prospects have been roportod from the Shenandoah companies, both of which, together with Ballway Bcaorvo and Shamrock, haro com- manded ready sale at higher prtoos. Lazarus Com pan> have also advanced In VAIUO. Comparatively llttlo attention has been given to companies on the Johnson's, Hustlor's, or Victoria lines. Eaglehawk companion also dull, oxcopt Catherine Untied, which cuauged bands to a {rood extent, but have eased Btnce. 2 his company baa now nearly cleared off the debt which has so long hamperod it, and will probably not bo long beforo it ro-o niora tho divldtnd list. Long Tunnel aharoa havo had a good oxttnt of business, and close at advanced prico. Walhalla quiet. New North Olunoe, after their long downward career, seem to havo touch«d buttom ; tho sharon lu\u been In good demand, and rising pricos paid Bouth Clunes ha-, o had a limited business at rather better rates, but Lothalr have receded In value, and Clunes Consols bavo boen quite neglected. Stawell companies continue in favour, Tho Oriontal have bad a second trial crushing from tho lodo at ItOCOft. depth, with tho satisfactory result of about 5Ä< z. gold to tho ton of quartz Extendod Cross llecf, New North Clunes, and Newington rule at higher prices, but Magdala havo fallen in value, and will likely bo dull pending reconstruc- tion for increase of calling powor, tho capital being exhausted. In liai la rut stocks wo note a gcod advance lu City of Ballarat, which has now got tbo water under, and from which good returns aro con- fidently expected. Winter's Freehold and other liallarat companies llttlo mentioned. Maryborough, Castlemaine, Maldon, and other mhilng districts, also neglected by deal ora in this market. With respect to other than mining stock the markot has boon mode- rately good. Debentures without change in value. Municipal loans continue to bo placed on tho markot. snd as the security Is generally considered anidlo, anti the debentures can bo obtained at rates which roturn much better interest than Government bonds, thoy find in most cases a very ready market- During the past mouth Blx per cent, bouda of tho Ballarat muni- cipality havo been placed at from par to a small pre* tulum. Bank shares havo had a strong market, and for National a good advanco has beon established, some largo parcels changing hands. Land Itortgago Bank tharcs have rocotcred a little from the ox trcmcly depressed rates current last month. In (-uranco BhareB have had fair demand at full previous quo. & tiona. Gas Bharos continue dull, tho keen com- petition between tbe coinpanicB not bolng view ed with favour hy Investors. Tbo mining dividends for tho four weeks aro the largest for tho present 3 car, amounting to £10,669, as particularised below, rDobon tures.-Victoria Government six por conta due 1885, have changed handB at £105, and close in moderate favour, hu j ere at sante ; bunds duo 1889 wore in tho market at £107 10s.; do. five per cento, quiet, and quitted to a limited extent at £103 ; do tour per Loi.U, Inscribed stock, have been placed at £02. Mel- bourne Corporation six per cents, would find buyer at ¿11)4, and M. and II B. United Hallway six per couta, at ?UOeS KB.; bonds not offered. M. and £1. B. Uultod Kelway five per cents, had seller at £09. Australian Frtcliold Land and Produce Beten per cents, changed hands at par. City of Ballarat six per conta , duo iq03, wcro pliced 1>> tender at £100 to £100 17d Gd New tout h Wales ure per cents, havo been asked for, aijd wanted at £105 GB. ? albutahtro six and a h vlf per cents, offered at £101, with bujer at £09 Stawell six per cents In tho murkct at £100. Goolong six por cents , duo 1878, had bujer at £07. Banks.-Australasia havo had good Inquiry at £03, hut fclut CB not offered. Australian and European would lind buyeis at £2 7s., seller asking £2 les. Aunt rallan Mortgage and Deposit Bank (¿.6 ICa paid up) were In tho market at 16s. premium, buj er 7tf. Gd. Colonial have hsd Bteady Inquiry, with Bales to a fair extent at JL7 If Gd to £7 2s CdM rioting Arra at £7 2), buyer. £7 3s. Boiler. Commercial con till no in modorato favour, chares changing (hands at £5 2s. Gd. to £5 4s., and closing at £6 8s Gd. buyor, £5 5s eollor. City of Melbuumo had a limited business at 38 j., and in the m&rket; at 30s, Land Mortgage opened quiet, and vero quitted at reduced rato of 45s., but have como In^o lu proved favour again, and had sales to a good extent at up to 47s, closing firm. National. Mel- bourne register, have been in Btrong demand, and made a largo rise hi Miluo; sales at from £7 12s. Gd. to'£7 lös, and wanted at £7 15s,; Âdolaldo rogmtor plactd at £7 11s. to £7 13*., ana bavo but er at £7 14s Qqtci Bland National would havo found bujer at £5 t*&, sulUr £6 12s. London Chartered woro inquired for at £20. Now South Wales have changed hands at £51 10s to £62, and CIOBO firm with buyer at £51. New Zealand havo been asked for, and had sales at £18 to £18 Cs., clostug with buyer at £18 5«. Victoria were in roquost, and placed toa good extent at full rates, sales from £51 to £61 10s., and wautid at £51, seller £5110s. Gas.-Ballarat quito nominal at £11 10s. seller, bujer wide. Bendigo havn had rather Improved re* qtuH, and close with buj er at £0 6a., noller £0 15s. Colling» und would find bujorat £7 10s Melbourno wcro quitttd to a limited extent at 71s., and close nominal at 73s. Boiler, 70s. buyer. South Melbourno chbiigcd hands early In the month at from 18s to 10s.« but easier since, and quitted at 17s-, closing Buller at 18a. Miscellaneous.-Australian Alliance Insuranco havo had seller at 60s National Insurance havo boon a shade easier ; sales at Ga. Gd. to 6s, closing with buyor at Ge 8d , seller Gfl. Od Southern have slightly Lm I roved ; shares changed hands at 10-J. aud wanted at bamc,Bi'lterlO»,Cd. Melbourno Omnibus Company »omi- ' nal at 48s. seller. Austral»Bia Coal, paid np, quitted at 18s Gd. to 11s. Gd., and close with sellor at 11B. Od., buiorllB ; contributing Bold at 3s Gd. and 3s IJd., and (fftrid at Sa 3d , buyer 2s. Od. Deniliquin and Moama Ballway asked for up to 82-J., shares not offered. Opera house Company would havo found bu)nts at 03a Tasmania Iron Company had buyer at 12s Gd , with seller at 15s. »loee.-Ballarat and Other Districts-Argus United wcro placid at improved ratool 10s Gd,and bavo ?oller at 12s. CIUIICB ConsolB wcro quitted at 8s, and aro offered at same, bujcr7e City of Ballarat havo had au Improv ed markot, shares changing hands from 21a up to 28s.; closing at 27s Gd. bujer, 20s sellor; Profèrent shares dealt lu at 40s. Duke and Timor woro sold to a moderato extent at Oa. to 0a 01. closing quiet. Eureka Consols had business at 2e. 0d. to 3s. lid., and Hoso bujer at 8s , seller 3s Od Eaglohawk Union nominal at 10s seller. Extended Cross Hoof firniat£1810s.bu>er; dividend of 0a. paid Elope, Wood's Point, havo made a con B1 dora bio advanco In market valuo, sales from 8a 3d. to C3. 3d,} c1 using sellor at Gs Gd. Long Tunnel havo beon in rwjuott, and had Bales to a good extent at £133 10s. to £1B0, cum dlv. of £2 10a, closing at £132 bujer, ox dlv. Long Tunnel Ei tond oil nominal at 21 p. seller, Ita. bujer. Magdala ad \ au cod from 25a to 41a, but rapidly declined again, and quitted down to 20a; cloBÍngat27fl sellor. Now Lothalr havo had a good citent of bus! m SO, but pricos show a Blight de- clino; Bales havo ranged hot« con 5Sa.nnd 48* ; closing teller 51 a, bujer 48s Newington havo had bettor ii qulrj, and Improved In valuo ; paid up, placed from 84s tu 44s ; closing a llttlo oaeior, about 4-'s Boll or, 40a buyer; coutrlbuthg wcro suld up to 37s Gd., final)} elostngat34s Boiler. NowNortliCIimcshavûboon In hninot ed favour at rising rates ; sales from £1315a to £10 and wanttd at £17 IO*., Kollura £18 ; month's dlviduid 5B. North Gross llecf would ho taken at £80 dividend for month, 12-j New Koh-t noor aro obtaluxblo at 2s 8d.t bujer 2s. Id. Old Beehive bavo bud a limited business at 2s 3d to 2a 0d. Brinco Putrick hud inquiry, and sold at from 40s to 45s., hut cliiso dud tguln at about 40s coll ora. South Clunes havo good inquiry ; shared placed at £10 10?.. and wanted at samo, with £17 10s Dt-ktd. Specimen hill oasler, about 20s. eollor ; divldtnd paid during month, Is. por Blina. bovereign sold at Gs to Gs 7d., and ofTorod at O3. Gd. South learmonth wanttd at Is , Bellor Is 2d, Sloauo's and Scotchman's mmtual at 2s, Od bujer, Sa 0d. seller. Walhalla in the market i\L£l[;7, bii)or£lU*. V» ntir'sFnchold hate lind collomat 70s, wUh hujor at 05a Sandhurst- AcadiaOatliorlnowould have found bujers at 18a; dividend of Gd paid. Uurrowca' Froe* hold placed at la. 7d to 2d , and wanted at Is. Bil. Catherine United woro lu modorato f&vourdurlmr; the first fortnight, and sold at lO.i. to 10s, 4} but quiet latturlj, and obtainablo at IGa, buyor lfip. Gd.' Central New Chum Tributo quitted at Is, and Is. 4d., and close at Is. 3d. buyor. DuchcES of Kdinburgh sold at 2s, Od., and oluso with bujers at 2«. 3d. ox dlv, of 4d. Gurdon Gull) United havo had good Inquiry throughout tho month, and prices steadily improved ; sales from £5 Ile up to £6 Gs., closing at £0 2R. Gd. bujer, LO 5s st Her ; a favourable settlement in connexion with the forfeited Bliaro claims has bonn arrived at Garden Gully Freehold lmprovod, and bold at 4B. 0d to Gs,; closing at Gs noller, 6s Gd buyor. Golden Stream '1 J Um to have had & lar.ru husmo*», and cloeoata gotd advance. Sales ramie butweeu 10". and 14a, closing with buyers at Ila Od., sellor lia.; 4a Gd. per sharo pitd during month. Goidon'sG G. Tribute quitted at 4«. Gd to 88. lOd .and close quiet at 8». lfjd, seller. Great Extended Hustlor's had in- quiry at close at 17s ., Tribute No. 1 woro sold at 4». Od , and are nominal at 4a buyers. Johnson's changed 1 ands earl) at 44B , but dccllnli>gtaud ufFurod at 4 la Lazarus havo boen In roquost, owing to irnpmved prAfptcts ; sates from 9a up to ICa, and closing about 12a Lazarus No, 1 would Dud buyor at 8s 3d., Sillería Od.; dividend of Gd paid, Londonduri-y c.»u tlnuo to attract principal attention, and have bsen ' very largely dealt' In; opening- at' £U 10a', prices ' declined lo £36-15S,-rlBlng to £42 16s.'; amil alter ! receding to £39, advanced again to £44 10s. Anally closing with , buyer, at £43 169., Boiler £41. Lon 1 doiiderry Tribut« have also fluctuated considerably, rising from 3a. ed. t« 4a lid., receding to 2a 7d., but i reco\crlng agalri to IS, and cloalng at 3s. lOd. seller, 8s. Sri. buyer.' New Chum and Bellevue Railway IBoBtrve havo had fair demand, and prices Improved i ealtB range from Ila. to 16a., closing with aol'erat 13s. Od., bujer IBs. North Old Chum wore in modorato ! favour, and dealt In at 129 and 12s. Od., finally cloBlng ¡at 12a. seller, Ila. Od. buyor; dlvidond for month, Gd. North {shenandoah pera obtainable oarly at 16s., but 1 had good demand subsequently, and placed at 16s. to Ide. 6d , and close with buyers at 16s 9d , noller 10a. 3d ; la paidinoivlrttrtdB. North Garden Gully and Pass bj o opened with etrong domand, and had salos at 26s. to 80e., but quiet latterly, and cloalng about 26s. hu) er. 'Old Chum have hod improvod inquiry ; eales at 7B. to 8<.,aii(lcloelugat8ti. Gd. Boiler. Pandora wore in strong request during tho early port of the month ; shares boing placed at 30s to 43s, but qulotor duringIho ¡ peat fortnight, closing Arm, however, at 80s. Bellor, 3ba bujer; dividends for month, 7a por Bharo. Pioneer (Koch's) nominal at 268. sollor, 23s. buyor. PrlrccBB Allco noinlnal at 11B Bellor. Bnob'a-hill woro lu improvtd favour, and sold at 3s. 3d. to 3a. 10)'L, 'closing with seller at 8a Od. Shenandoah lu rcqueet, 'and prices have steadily advanced ; sales at 17a. to l18«. Gd, and wanted at 10a. 31., with 20s, .aaked ; la paid in dividende. Sea placed from 4s. [3d 'to 6a, Gd., and arc wanted at 6s. 3d., aollor 6s. 9d. South Qirdon Gully Tributo sold at 2a. to 2s 4d , and 'wanlid at former. Unity opened with good demand, 'and placed at 24a. to 27B., but have had a heavy de- clino since, and quitted doym to 21a, closing sailor at 21s Od, buyer 21s. Victory had a strong market, with eales from 44H up to 61a, but prices afterwards gave way, and Bbares wero quitted down to 30s. Gd, finally cloalng,at SOa. buyer, 40a Bellor. Dividonda paid during month, 8s. por share. Vlotory and Pan- dora Amalgamated havo cbangod banda at 8a., and oloao with buyers at 9a ; fibaros scarce. , Tho mining dividonda declared during tho four .weeks ending Juno 10 amouut to £09,669 8s., of which £64,694 Sa. are from quartz and £4,976 from alluvial mining companies. < Tho dividonda In detail aro as follow :-For. wock ending May 20 -Victory, Sandhurst, is. por 80,096th, £0,011)4s ; Londonderry, Sandhurst, £1 per 600th, £800 ; Rlohardaon'a Weatern, Crcawlck, 2a. per O 000th, £000 ; Bunyan'a Frecbold, Creswick, 29 per 0,000th, £0"0 ; Blohard son'a Freehold, Creswick, la Od. per 0,000th, £460 ; Extended Cress Reef, Stawell Da. por ll,2¿0th, C6 019. For week ending May 27-North Eaglehawk United, Maldon, la per 17,600th, £876 ; Pandera. Sandhurst, 6". per 28,000th, £7,000; North ohonandoah, Sind bural, Oil. per 24,000th, £600 ; Shonandoa.li, Sand buist, Od. por 22.000th, £800 ; Oolden Stream Tri- bute, Sandhurst, 2a per 24,000th, £2,400 ; Central Catherine, Sandhurst, £600 ; Lazirua No. I, Sand- hurst, Gd. por 45,000tb, £1,126 ; Cunning« Freehold, Creswick, 2s. Gd. por 0 OOOlh, £760 : Count Bismarck, Man borough, la. por 0,000th, £460 ; Central Quartz, Reefton, Od. por 21,000th, £000 ; Now North Clunes, Clunes. 6a per 2.050th, £614. For week ending June 8.-Victory, Sandhurst, 4s. per 80,090th, £0,019 4a ; Huchees of edinburgh, Sandhurst, id. per 24,00011,, £400 ; North Old Chum, Sandhurst, Gd. per 27,000th, £076 ; Acadia, Catherine, Sandhurst, Gd. por 24,000th, £000 ; Sultan, Black wood, 6a. por 2,600th, £026; Buuyan'e Freehold, Creswick, le per 0,000th, £30O ; Robinson's, Creswick (final), Is 3d. por G 000th, £376 ; Count Bismarck, Mar) borough, l8, per 0,000th, £460. For weok ending Juno 10-Pandora, Sandhurst, 2a. per 28,0001b, £2,800 ; Oolden Etrcam Tribute, 8andhurst,2a Gd. por 24,000th, £3,000 ; North Shenandoah.Bandburat, Gd. per 24,000th, £600 ; Shenandoah, Sandhurst, Od. per 32,000th, £800 ; Bendigo and Ballarat Freehold, Saudhurat, 10«. per 600th, £260; Contrai Cathorino, Saudhurat, £000; BotbBchlla'a, Creswick, 2s. Od. per 6 000th, £700; Duchies, Ballarat, le. por 4,000th, £200 ; Extended Cross Reef, Stawell, 9s. per 11,220th, £6,019 : North Oroaa Beef, BtawoU. 12a. nor 10,000th, £6.000 ; Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, 60s. por 2 400th, £0,000 ; Specimen-bill, Daylesford, fkl. por 21,700th, £614; Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, 60s. per OOOtb, £1,600; South Clunes, Clunes, 7s. Od. por 4,000th, £1,600 ; Alabama, Jamieson, 0J. per 32,000th, £1,200. Tho dlitrlcts from which tho abovo mining dlvldoods Wore derived rank a« follow In order of amount distri- buted, viz ¡-Sandhurst, £36,288 ; Stawell, £16,093 ; Stringers Crook, £7.600; Creswick, £3,825; Clunoa, £2,014 ; Daylesford and Maldon, £1,419 ; Jamieson, £1,200; Uarj borough, £900; Blackwood, £015; Keelton, £eoo ; Ballarat, £200. The total mining di- vidende for tbo sovoral niall porloda alnco January let atand thus:-Four weeks ondlng January 22nd, £39,080; four »colts ending February 19th, £07,837 ; four weeks ondlng March 18th, £61,760 ; four wooka ohding April 16th, £07,116 ; four weeks ending May 18ib, £62,110; four wcoka ondlng Juno lOtb, £09,080, making a gri pa total for the year to date of £357,763 reponed by puhlio companies, to which a conaidorablo further sum would require to bo added for prlvato companies and tor publie companies not roportod. MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRO 1 -DUCE REPORT. ¡Mesera. B. Gobssmtovon and Co. report : I Wool.-Tho business transacted during tbo past month baa been Tory limited, tho total quantity Bold belüg about SOO balee, consisting chiefly of oddmont of clips and country Bcóuréd, tho usual conabrnmonts at this time ot tho year.", ' '' ' Tbo advices received, from London are not of io favourable a character as wo oould hare desirod, a roductlon being reported ot fully ljd. to 2d. per lb. as compared with tho avorage, ratos of tho February sales, although the attendance' of" buyora was largo throughout, and competition at tho lower values waa fairly maintained. The eataloguo submitted at tho second lenes of sales, which closed Hay G, comprised 23,0,000 bales (halt being Port Phillip), and of this quantity about 180,000 bales woro takon for oxpott, tho French trado absorbing tho largest portion. Wo observe that our Uno coradine; woola, .wliou freo aud clear, Buucrod lees lu value than any other desorip tlin. When tho maU loft somo uncertainty existed as to tho number el sales to bo hold durhlg tbe yoar ; but by telegram wo leam that It waa dellnltoly arranged to hold only tour, the third sories to commonce June 20, whon It Is expected that over 800,000 balos will bo catalrgucd. Tho rango of prices taust ol courso romain a matter for conjecture ; but wo notice that our corrc ftiondoms are unanimous in tho opinion that tharo must bo a material improvement in tbo manufacturing trido before higher prlcea can roaaonably bo looked for. flur up-country adyicea aro very encouraging, the s seasonable rains having visited must districts in w South Wales and thla colony, North Hlvorlna being particularly favoured, ana nioet of tho stations art) gtadually rocovoring from tbo effect« of tho dry Bummer. Tbo lambing la progTceaiug aatisfaotorily, although it is not oxpectod that the porioutage will bo quite up to the average, owing to the latonoaa of the ratnB and the provalonco of frost In many dlstriots. Frclghla to London continuo at Jd, por lb Tho following ehlps havo cleared, during tno month with wool on board :-May 6, Croat of tho Wave, from Portland to London, 021 bales ; May 80, nighfleor, from Uelbourno to London, 654 do.; Juno 7, Loch Lamond, do., 1,306 do.; Juno IO, Northumberland, SB., do., 1816 do.; total, 4,296; add previous ship- ments, 200,017 do ; total, October 1, 1876, to date, 800,812 do,;- total, October 1, 1874, to October 1,1876, 288,237 do.; Incroaao, 12,076 do. Prices Current.-Qreaay-Inforlor, Gd. to 8d.; ordi- när} to avengo, 8d. to lOil : good to superior, lud. to Is. Fleece, washed-Inferior, Is. Id. to la. Sd.; ordi- nary to aurtge, Is. ad. to ls,6d.; avengo to good, Is. Gd, to Is. Sd.j.suporior, la. lOd. to 2». Scoured-In- ferior, lud. to Is. 2d.: ordinary, 1B. 2d. to la 4d ; middling to good, lo. ad. to la. 8d.; superior, Is. Sd. to is. lid. Tallow.-At our weekly sales we havo disposed of 70S caBka of all descriptions at a réduction of fully £1 per ton on late quotationa, tho declino being causod byi the lees favourablo nowa received from Loudon respecting this produce. Thero Is an activo demand for ahlpmeut and local manufacture at the following quotations, viz :-Superior mutton, £351 o.b. ; mut- ton, £82 to £84 : boef, £31 to £3210s. ; mlxod to ordi- nary, £26 to £31 pur ton. Tho rate of frolght to London la 40a. per ton. Clear anees aro as foUow :-May 30, Ilighflyor, from Mel- bourne to London, 77 cnaka ; Juno 7, Loch Lomond, do,' 104 do.; total, 271 casks. Eldee are not soiling so freely as thor woro oorllor in the } ear, and the markotls very dull. Wo havaqulttod an averago supply at the fallowing ratee :-Ox hides, 23a to 88a. Od each ; cow hides, 15s. Od. to 23s. Od. ; Victorian salted, Säd. to 4Jd. per lb.; New Zoaland, up to 6d. per lb., according to quality ; and calfaklua 6d, to 6d. per lb. The exports to tho neighbouring colonies havo been very lliuitod, most salea being for local tanning. Kangaroo Skins.-VTo havo sold a largo quantity during tho month, and tho markot baa boen vory ettady at quotations. Largo sizes aro worth lid, to 13d.; medium, 8d. to lid. ; and small, 6cL to 8.. por lb. Sheepskins.-In consoquoneo of tho unfavourable ad classes of skins. Dry station sklna havo sufforod moll, and the best offorlng ara only worth Gd. per lb. Oreen BHIIB aro Boiling from 8a. to 4a. Od. oaoh ; crosa breda, up to 6a 3d. each : country dried, 2a. to 8a. id. each ; and station dried, Sid, to Od. per lb. Bark.-Wo havo dlapoaod of a full supply during tho month at late ratea, but anticipate a falllng-oft In tho supply, owing to tho difficulty of tranBltand the damp- ness of tho wc^thor. OurEalos aroas follow:-Ground, £5 to £0 per ton ; chopped, £4 to £6 7a. Gd. nor ton ; bundled, £3 10s. to £4 7s. Gd. PtiBcrvcd Menta- Tho continued high prices ruling for fat stock »ill not admit of operations boing carried on successfully to any extent. Tho following aro tbo only shipments alnco last mall :-May 80, Ilighflyor, from Uelbourno to London, 1,000 cases ; Juno 7, Loch Lomond, from Molbourno to London, 1.000 casca; Juno 10, Noithumborland, e.8., from Mclbourno to London, 1,000 cueca ; total, 8,000 cases. Messrs IIASTINOB CuMrtauAU and Co. roport: " Wool.-There has boen very llttlo buBinoBB tronaacted in tills market alnco tho date of our laat mall circular, arrivala from Iho pastoral district« being, na may bo expotti d al ttilB Boason, oxtromoly limited, whllo tbo discouraging tono of tho London Balee, aelast ropor here, necessarily tend to restrict tho operations of foil mpngeiB, and tlniB Btlll fnrthor to aborten tbo aupplj available for local disposition. The few lota ottered havo met a fair domand, and Bales woro effected at ratea which, under prosont circumstancoa, may bo considerad cry satisfactory. Much disappointment la folt at tho continued interruption of télégraphie communication with turupe, our latest adMcca by wiro being to 10th Milnes of ouretapio than tlioso previously oeutbliahod, mid coliBiiloring the largo stocks expected to bo avail- able tor later Balee, wo cannot hoi» for any apoody rcvl\ol The autumn rains, which wore so timely in averting n calamitous drought in somo parts of Ilivorlna, woro yot not oarly or abundant enough to provont a conaidorablo dimi- nution of Block, and tho returns of tho lambing eoaeon will undoubtedly bo bolow tho averago ot former j raia. Tho mollth'a exporta for London aro-Ilighflyor, 664 hales, cleared May 29 ; Loch Lomond, 1 306 balos, cleared June?; Northumberland, Bl, 1,816 bales, ch arcd Juno 10 ; previously roportod, 288,402 balos ; for America, 5,032 balm ; for Antwerp, 2,414 hales ; total exports from 1st October, 1876. to 10th Juno, 1870, 200,682 balea; corresponding period 1874-75, 290,400 bales ; 1B73 74,258,065 bah» ; 1872-73. 228,240 hans« ; 1871-72, 207 blC bales ; 1870 71, 210,707 balos ; 1809 70\. 108108 balea ; 1808 00. 211,402 bolea ; 1807-68, 200,312 balee ; 1606 07, 102,011 bolos. Tbe ehipa Loch Tay, W. O. lluseoll, Agamemnon, Amyono, and Essex aro on tho berth. Freights continue steady at id. perth. ShcopBklna.-The usual supply haa paaBed under auc- tion during tho month, but valuoa havo doollnod vory perceptibly, beat ratee now current being barely equal to those quoted in our last report, notwithstanding tho increaied growth and longth of ataple. We aro Miling butchers' skiua at 2a, 6d. to 6a. each, exeopt a fow vory auperlor lou, whloh roallsod higher prices. Dry Bklna are worth 2s. to 4B. eaeh, or 4d, to Oki. per lb. nitles.-Wo have to report a depression lu this market goncrally, although superior hides, heavy weights, attract activo competition and roallso good figures. Our quotations are-For butchers' green ox, 24s. to 88a. each ; cow, 16* to £3a.; sailed I Victorian, 4d. to 4Jd, the latter1 pries for": ¡ bett samples : Ko* Zealand, to C4, per lb.; calf ; eli Inn, Cd to od per lb. Tallow.-Business baa be«»' i rather languid, and at the later Balee much oasitr. ' ral« prevailed, the tradabavlng been well supplied, " 1 and shippers exhibiting llttlo desire to operate. j Mutton le selling at £32 ita. to £31 per ton; beet, 1 £80 to £33 ; aud mined, £27 to £32 por ton. Lcavhor. ; ' -Thero Is a steady market tor nearly all doscrlptlonjf i of leather, current prices remaining unaltered (rona 1 those of last month viz , crop, 0Jd to 10}il ; baruoss, I J2J.I to Hd ; kip, i8d to 22{d ; cMf, 2» Gd. to Ss. 8d. ! ]>cr lb. Bark is leas sought after, purchasers for local consumption being now tolerably well stockod, and a decline in price bas boon tho result. A largo propor j tlon < f that now coming forward la also of Inferior 1 quality to that of earlier parcels. Oonalrferoblo quan I titles aro, ho« over, taken for exportation at rates Sar) lug fnm £3 10s for louirihs, to £0 per ton for grouud bark in barrs " Missrs J H Cwuim and Co. report .-" Wool. As 1B usual at Ibis season of tbo tear, the quantity ot I wool offered publicly lu tila market La vory small, being under SOO balee for thu mouth, and consisting II rlnclpelly of odd lota of greasy and country fell mongers' seoured and baud washed, tbo town foil i mongers* woola being ehlpptxl direct By advices rccchcd by the mall delivered boro on tho 6th lust ,wo ¡leam that tho London Bales closed at au avorago de- clino of ljd. to 2d per lb on the proiiojssalcs'rates, ai d that, trado lu tho manufacturing districts being if.rfrom Batisfaclorj, with tho probability oí upwards of SOP.OOO bales being brought forward for the next .Berits, prices aro expected to Billi furthor docllno, which Is very dlscouraglDg to shippers boro. From ¡An erica also tbo advices aro vory unsatisfactory, tha jhtiih rsteuf import dutlos on wool considerably Inter- fering with tbo trado of that country for fordern woola. 'Since our last roport tho rains which havo fallon have only been partial, and In some parts of Victoria and Mew South Wales aro still much noodod. although tho fear of drought Is generally dispelled. ¡Tho clearances for tho mouth bavo boou-Por High- flyer, with 666 bales on board ; Loch Lomond,'1 420 hales ; s s. Northumberland, 1 SI6 bales ; total, 8 700 bales ; previous shipmonta to date, 293,811 bales ¡ total, 207,031b bales, Tho following ships ara loading, and will clear In a low days--W. O. Russel), with about 1,000 bales; Agamemnon, About 1000 bales. Statlrns.-We have had a considerable inquiry during tbo month for the various tropcrtlcs on hand, several of which aro now undo? pffcr, and bavo Bold Mr. J. N. Morse's proporty, filt ualed at Lil} dalo, consisting of 1,010 acres of free told land, for the sbm of £l,r00 ; and the following propon les bavo also changed bands, via. :-The Krrebcndcrry Station, on tho Lachlan Hitor, the property of Mr William Martin, to Mniutn*, ' g elgor Bros., with 10,000 theop. Tbo Walla Walla Biatlon, Wldo Bay, with 4 400 head entilo, at £4 per head. Tbo Carno, Station, In tho Burnot district, with 16,000 sheep and 0 000 cattle-tho sheep st Oi, aud ti o cattlo at £4 10a. per hoad. Also, tbo Langton Do»IIB Station, near Clermont, willi 27,000 sheep and 6,880 acres purchased land-the Bhoop for £38,000, and tho land at cost price. Sheepeklns - Wo havo held our usual sales during tho month, ond hare disposed of an aurago supply. Prices havo shown sevoral fluctuations, and since receipt of the advices re- porting a furtherdeellnoln wool, loVverrates have ruled, and present quotations are :-Forbutcbors'groonekins, 8s Od. to 6s , superior up to fis Od ; dry skins, 2s. to 4s. Gd. each ; and station skins, 4iL to -Od. per lb. The shipments have been 80 bales only. Hides -We have bad au average Bupply forward, and have Sold green ox, 22s. to 84s.; cow, 16s. to 22a each ; Victorian Salted, 8]d to 4jd., New Zealand, 4}d. to 6d.; and calfskins, 6d. to 6|d per lb Tallow.-Since tbe dato of our last report prices havo docllned. By auction and pitvaioly our sales bavobeen at-for Inferior, £20 to £28 ; mixed, £20 to £32 ; beef, £30 to£32, and mutton,"' £83 to £34 per tou. Theshlpraout« havo been 216 casks. Leather.-wo bave held our usual sales, and n«vo sold a largo quantity at, for erop, C]d to lid ; kip, lOd to Is. lOd : calf, 2s. 2d. to8s.Od.; wallaby, 2s 3d to 8s.; waxed tangaroo, Is Od. to 2s. 3d.; brown kangaroo, Is 8d. to 2s. Id ; harness, lSJd. to 14»d por lb ; and basils, 6s. to 168. per doz n Tbo clearances bava boen 424 bales crop, and 180 bales basils. Kangaroo skins we havo Bold from 7d. to ll,d. per lb, accordent; l|> else and quality. Mimosa Bark.-During tho month Wo bavo sold a largo supply both for shipment and «icol uso, as follows, VI7. ¡-Bundled, £4 to £4 6s,; chopped, £4 16'. to £6; and ground, £0 to £0 10s. per ton. The clearances have boon 13,013 bogs." I SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. , POUT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVAIS ¿TO CLKARANOBS «ison OUR LAST SUICUAHT. [13 , British ; A , American ; Au., Austrian ; Da.. , Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Cb , Chilian : P., i Portuguese ; Pr, Peruvian; I, Italian; N., Nor. 1 wogion ; O , Gorman ; S , SwodlBh ; Sp., Spanish ; Bclg., Bolgian ; lt., llusslan ; s., ship ; b., barque ; br., brig; se, schooner ; s.S., Btoamor.] & By. ARIUTRO 11\. Northumberland, B. s B.. 2,180, JJ. Shlnncr, Lon- don -W. Siddeley and Co. li. Bolfast, B, s., 1,067, O. Browno, Liverpool.-Lori- mer, Marwood, and Ronio. li. Eufanls Nantais, F. b , 810, J. Lo Franc, Mauri- tius.-Croakor, Bcott, and Co. li Condor, F b,424, J. MCSBIOUX,Mauritius -Vlo torla Sugar Company. 10 La VUlo do Llllo, F. b , 480, IT. Ryckmans, Pana roukau, Java,-victoria Sugar Company. 10 Louisa, Da. BO , 211, H. Erlkson, Mauritius.-Fan Ding, Nankivell, and Co. 16 Prospero. B. br., 108, Vi. B. Mallard, Batavia, Parsons Brothers 17 Clngaloso. B. c, 60S, J. Stewart, Calcutta,-Boyd i and Currie. ' 19\. Glaslyn, B. b , 872, - Kirkpatrick, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 23\. Agamemnon,D e.,l,430,Jas Wbltcomb.London. J. 11. Whlto and Co. 23\. Eliza Blanche, B br., 170, G. P, Donfroy, Singa- pore- Captalu Hciifroy. i 24\. Bulli, B b , 408,0. Minto, rrobolingo, Java.-Cap- tain Minto. 26\. Amy ono, B. «, 1,800, J. Kelly, Calcutta.-Mao tarlan, Myth, and Co 81\. Jrsophlne, B. it, 00, J. Austin, Suva, FIJI.-J. I M'Ewon and Co. Juno. 1 Auriga, B t, 1,618, D. M'Klnlay, Liverpool I George Martin and Co. 1\. Loch Rannoch, B. s, 1,185. John Erskine, Glas- gow.-Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co 2\. Lottery, B. se, 160, J. Gibson, Colombo.-B. J Earner and Co 8 Udsion, B. p., 1 .CSD, Jos. Shaw, London.-Holmes, i Whlto, and Co a Essex. B b" 1,048, J. Cumming, London.-W. I SldrJeloy and Co. 4\. Spirit of tho Ago, B b , 847, B. Johnsou, nong; Kong.-L. Kong Meng and Co, a Sumatra, B.M S.S., 2,200, J. C. Almond, Gallo, i Ac.-F. B. Kendall. 7\. ilgaro, F..b.,434, 0. Bcraul, Bourbon.-Ourolor ! and Auot, 8\. 8al»rflls, B. B., 1,070. W. Phillip, London. D»l I goty, Blackwood, and Co. May. cr.HAitKD our. IO. Bangalore, R.M S.a, 1,810, O. N. Hector, Gallo, ; I &C-F.; B. Kendall. l8 Loch Eck, B. e., 1,041, S.-Taylor, Guam.-Geo. < I Martin and Co l8, Hvldoorn, N. b,, 640, H. KnudBon, Maldon Island. I -J. B Woro. 201 Forcado La Boquetto, F. b., 800, A. Alexandre, Quam.-8 de Beer and Co. 22| Loch Danza, B. s . 1,076, J. D. Shaw, Guam 1 Holmes, Whlto, ann Co. 20, Highflyer, B. «, 1,018, H. Berrldgo, London. I J a White and Co. 80, Chattanooga, A. a., 627, Geo. Freeman, Guam. ? Lorimer, Marwood, and Romo. 81, Cumio Holme, B. B., 090, T. Sawle, Guam.-J. II. Whlto and Co. Juno ' 01 Clngaloso, B. b., 098, J. Stowart, Calcutta.-Boyd and Currie. 7, Bayard, B. s., 1,310, H. E. Hoard, Guam,-Geo. Martin and Co. 7\. Loch Lomond, B. s, 1,200, Tlios. Meiklejohn, I Loudon,-Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co 8¡ Cross Hill, B. t.. 1,010, J. D. Butler, Cork. ¡ Pigott Bro«, and Co. 8\. W. A. Holcomb, A. b , 06B, H K. Dunton, Bur ! rurd'8 Inlet,-Phipps, Turnbull, and do. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL I PRODUCE. ' MAT 10. Bangalore, ILM.S.S , lor Gallo -14 packages Bolt goods and boots, 8 packages furniture, 1 package Bnddlory, 8 packages tobacco and olgars, 81 package« wino, 12 cases books and stationery, 6 packages seeds, 26 sacks flour, 74 casks potatoes, 8 packages apparel and offeots, 8 packages prcservod meats, 7 bale» leather, 16 casks tallow, 0 packages simple«, S borscB, 2 dogs, and 12 Bhocp. MAT l8. Hvldoorn, for Maldon Island -i bags sugar, 0 casks: ale, 6 cuses wlno, 0 packages provisions, 28 Mid. bread, 0 tins [fancy biscuits, D hhd. treacle, 8 packages merchandise MAT 20. Highflyer, for London.-666 bales wool, 142 balen icathur, 47 balta basils, 80 bales rags, 2 bales tobacco, 2,071 bugs »host, 8,247 bags ground bark, 1,170 bags chopped bark, 77 casks tallow, 40 casks tallow oil, 8 casks pell«, i butts 1 quarter cask wine, 26 cases 1 cask leather, 2 007 bigs nickel ore, 1,067 cakes copper, 4 276 lniiots copper, 1 000 coses meats, 1 caso skins, 4 catos glassware, 8 esses Ink, 8 casos ferns, 8 casos books, 7 cotes effects. Juana, Cingalese for Calcutta.-81 cases prosorvod moats, 120 bones, 40 tons bay, 46 tons bran. JoflH 7. Loch Lomond, for London,-3,001 cakes copper, 860 Ingots spelter, 1,000 coses prcBorved meats, 8 balea rabbit skins, 60 bales basils, 806 bags wheat, 1,012 bags antimony oro, 80 bales sheepeklns, 07 bales rags, 138 pIpcB tallow, 8,208 bags bark, 82 packages lootbor, 78 casks (perm oil, 1,624 ingots tin, 1,420 bolos wool, a quantity of bones and hoof?. JUNK 8 Cross Bill, tor Oork.-11,001 bags wheat. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DK i PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. MAT 10. Bangalore, R.M.S S , for Galle, &c-Passongors; cabin:-To Glouolg-Moeurs. W, Brancb, S Urina woDd, H. MoseB, A. Illckon, O Fleming, J. H Christie, J. Thompson, 61. Jacobs, J. Barnard. L. Keogh, Addis, Canning, Stafford, Mrs O. M'Douold, Rov. J. C Dowlo. To King George's Bouud-Mr. It, Blyth, To Point do Gallo-MIBS A. Slanoy, Mr. J. Dawson. To Bombay-Mr II Ryder, Mr. J. O. Largo To Mudrrm-Mr. Coate», lo Brludlsl-Messrs Wardell, King, blccn, Greenfield, Drapor, Blannlu. To Voulce -Moeeis A. Matt, Donimln, Bonatl, Rlsmondo, R. B. AiiuoiBoii, Mr anil Miss Sydotiham To South- ampton-Mosers Uolcrolt, Womilla, Orlfilths, A. Pago, II Ayimley, V. Allon, Suitm, Milos Flotcuor, Mr, and Mrs. Walinu, and Mr. Watson, tun. MAY 29. Highflyer, for London. Passengers - saloon: Mr. and Mrs G. T Hargett, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Webb, Miss Alice Webb, Miss D'Arcy, Miss Mary C. D'Arcy, Miss Mooney, Miss E. Anketell Jones, Master Edward Jones, Mr. Claude P Leach, Mr. A. Dezaurnay, Dr. F. H. Spooner; and 80 in the intermedíate GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tim following isa list of tbo Bhlps taking gold which havo sailed from tilla port since tito pubiloutiou of our lout Summary, togetbor with tbo quantities and des- tinations , The total amount of gold exported from the colony Since the beginning of tbe year has been 230.816OS., ol »bleb ",706oz was transhipped from New Zealand. During the corresponding period ol last year tha entire quantity exported was 886.81Sor,, and ol tlul total i8,296ox. ni from Now Zealand. 