Mt brisbane Courier. for 10 101 [PUBLISHED DAILY.] _ in' Tuesday, December 19. 1876. sh As a considerable difference of opinion appears to prevail with respect, to the agreement between the Union Bank and the Government, which was renewed in April of this year, by Mr. Hemmant, the late Colonial Treasurer, it may not be out of place to review briefly some of the facts in connection with the subject. The Union Bank, as is well-known, were the Government bankers from the date of Separation up to the year 1872, when the Government of the day came to a determination to terminate the agreement, and gave the usual notice to that effect; not, we believe, in consequence of any dissatisfaction as to the manner in which the Union Bank had performed the duties appertaining to the position, but to test the question continually being raised as to whether better terms could not be obtained by submitting the Government account to public competition. In pursuance of the decision arrived at, tenders were duly called for; and as the whole of the banks tendered, an opportunity was thus afforded of comparing their respective terms and proposals. When the tenders came to be examined, it was found that in the matter of charges there was but little choice between the different banks, all being pretty much alike; but, with respect to the accommodation to be afforded, the Union Bank's tender was considered the most favorable, as it agreed to advance a quarter of a million, or more if required, to the Government by way of overdraft, besides presenting at the same time the important advantage of a powerful board, having its headquarters in London, to negotiate loans and transact such other financial business as the circumstances of the colony might require. This agreement then entered into with the Union Bank has, we understand, been carried out to the entire satisfaction of the Government up to the present year, when some of the banks, owing perhaps to the excessive competition for deposits which then prevailed, expressed a desire to obtain a share of the public balances. The Treasurer, although bound by his agreement with the Union Bank, being nevertheless desirous of doing something to assist them in providing for the increasing requirements of the community, entered into negotiations with the Union Bank for that purpose. The result of the negotiation was an extension and modification of the old agreement, by which, in consideration of | giving up its exclusive right to all deposits of public money in excess of £200,000, the Government account was secured to the Union Bank for a term of three years certain, together with the negotiation of such loans as the Government might require to place on the money market during the period in question. The agreement tims modified is, in all respects, advantageous to the colony, and as might be supposed from Mr. Hemmant's well-known ability in matters of finance, will compare favorably with the banking agreements of the other colonies, not excepting the Victorian agreement with the associated banks. That the financial business of the colony ought to be conducted on sound commercial principles, will not be disputed, and as it is not usual for mercantile establishments or public companies to change their bankers merely for the sake of change, so neither is it desirable that the public banking account should be changed for no reason whatever, except perhaps the chronic discontent of rival institutions, because they do not participate in the " monopoly." Such a proceeding has nothing to recommend it, and appears to us altogether devoid of reason and common sense. Our contemporary, The Telegraph, in its strictures upon the agreement, refers to the absurdly small sum of £250,00," which it asserts is the limit to be advanced upon debentures placed in the hands of the Union Bank for sale, but in point of fact there is no such limit in the agreement, as under the first agreement, still in force, the bank is bound to advance £250,000, and more, if required j and in addition, the new stipulations provide that the bank shall advance upon security of debentures pending sale, to the extent of 75 per cent of their nominal value, any sum not exceeding £250,000 more. It is asserted also that the advance thus provided for could be obtained on better terms than those named in the agreement, viz., 1 percent above the Bank of England rate of discount for the time being, but such is simply the reverse of true. For although bankers' bills and others of the very highest class, and of extremely limited currency, are in certain states of the money market occasionally discounted under Bank of England rates, it is well known that advances or loans for an indefinite period, no matter what the security may be, are on a very different footing from short-dated bills, and are invariably charged for accordingly, at a much higher rate, as anyone having occasion to borrow will very soon discover to his cost. When the late Colonial Secretary, Mr. Macalister, went to England he happened to be in London when tenders for the first instalment of the 1875 loan was called for by the Union Bank, and he certainly was fully impressed with the value to the colony of being represented in financial matters by that institution. But this advantage would be altogether lost if the negotiation of our loans were to be divided amongst the local banks and the Union Bank refuse to take part in such a combination, or object to lend the prestige of its high position in London to assist in carrying out such an arrangement. As we have already stated, the agreement with the Union Bank is not a how agreement, but. an extension and modification of the old one, made with the sole object of aiding the banks and extend- ing their sphere of usefulness by assist- ing them with a share of the public money; and bearing this in mind, those who take an interest in the subject may judge of the value to be placed upon the remarkable statement now put forward in their behalf, that "they will not consent to be made use of by the Government, for dividing the risk of keeping large sums of money in one bank, and for obtaining, perhaps, better rates of interest, unless they also obtain a fair share of the business of floating the loans, and that they are not to be blamed for refusing to accede to proposals made only as a matter of convenience to the Government." The manner in which the present concession has been received, and the very unfair use which has been made of it, to attack the late Treasurer behind his back, should, we think, prove a caution to the Government in dealing with all such applications for the future. A correspondent, writing from a station on the Darling Downs, whose letter was published in our columns a few days ago, drew attention to the hardship which is often suffered by newly arrived immigrants having to travel in search of work in a country which is unknown to them, and at a time when most of them are penniless. This is a subject on which we have often written before, but as nothing has been done we revert to it again. There can be no doubt that our conduct to the immigrants, who are brought out by our Government, after they have landed here is altogether inconsistent with our conduct to them before arrival. We start with the assumption that every man planted in the colony has a certain money value to the country greater than the amount required to transplant him, and that the introduction of immigrants at the public expense is therefore a profitable speculation for us to engage in. Acting on this assumption, we have established an expensive office in London; we employ an Agent-General, sub-agents for Ireland and Scotland, and an army of district agents to hunt up persons willing to emigrate. When we have found them we pay their railway fares", ship-kits, give them a free passage, and pay a doctor to take care of them on the voyage; and when they are landed here, at a total cost to the colony of, say £20 per head, we decline to do anything worth mentioning in assisting them to employment or retaining them in the colony. A better example of that kind of economy which loses the ship for a ha'porth of tar could hardly be found. We bring these men here at a great expense, and then allow the whole of it to be lost to the colony for want of a little assistance, the cost of which would only be a small per centage on the amount which is sacrificed for want of it. Many old colonists, forgetting their own former troubles, when they, too, were new chums, are disposed to look down on the newly arrived immigrant, and may probably object to his receiving attention and assistance after he has arrived amongst us, thinking perhaps that a little hardship and difficulty in making his way will take the conceit out of him, and make him easier and more reasonable to deal with than new arrivals sometimes are. What- ever seasoning process our immigrants may be subjected to, however, it is desirable that it should not be so severe as to drive them from the colony, and there is no doubt but that at the present time a considerable number of them are passing over the border into New South Wales. Without undertaking to defend the conduct, in all cases, of our immigrants, who, we acknowledge, are often found to be primed with absurd and impracticable notions of the positions they are to occupy in the colony, we must point out that they are, when landed on our shores, placed in a predicament which any of us would feel to be hard and unpleasant if it were ours. Turned upon our streets without, possibly, a friend nearer than 16,000 miles away, generally without money sufficient to keep them for a week, and perfectly ignorant of the nature of the country to which they have come, they are, if the labor market in the town at which they have landed should happen to be glutted, placed in a most painful position. In other countries to which there is a large flow of immigrants, even although they are not introduced at the expense of the Government, it is thought right to afford the new arrival some assistance, and to enable him at all events to make a first start in the country of his adoption. In New York there is an immigration office, maintained, we believe, by the State of New York, for the express purpose of protecting immigrantsonarrival, and assisting them to obtain employment either in the town or up country. In Canada there are similar offices charged with the duty of settling the immigrants in that colony. When these States take the trouble and expense of assisting those immigrants for whose introduction they pay nothing, is it not absurd that we, after paying £20 per head for the importation of ours, should take no trouble whatever to retain them in the colony ? We can understand that Ministers are perhaps anxious to avoid any appearance of increasing the expenditure of the colony, and that for this reason they may object to the outlay involved in the establishment of depots in the inland towns, and the transmission of immigrants thereto regularly on the arrival of each ship. We contend, however, that such outlay is as necessary a part of our immigration expenditure as the ship passage of the immigrants is. If we undertake to introduce population into the country at the public expense, then any expenditure which is required to retain that population on arrival is a necessary adjunct to the scheme, and any expenditure which falls short of attaining that purpose is absolutely wasted. We do not think either that the expense of entailed by a proper system of placing immigrants after arrival would be very great. About half of the new arrivals would, as now, remain in the towns or join friends who have come out before them, and they would be no trouble to the Immigration Department. Assuming that the expense of sending part of our immigrants to various up-country towns raised the average cost of each immigrant to £21 instead of £20, we consider that it would be much more satisfactory to pay £21 a-head for a population settled within the colony, than to pay £20 per head for shiploads of men, one-half of whom are in a few weeks in an adjoining colony, which profits by our loss. It especially behoves the present Ministry to consider this matter, and to take the necessary steps for keeping our immigrants in our own territory. The Liberal party have always been strong advocates for the introduction of population into the colony by-a system. of Government immigration. They are now in, power, and working the system which they have advocated; and if they suffer it to become a manifest failure, as we think it must eventually become if some assistance more than at present is not given to immigrants on arrival to enable them to obtain employment in the colony, the blame will rest with them of having either advocated a useless expenditure, or else of having brought about a costly failure by their inefficient administration. We trust, however, that the Ministry will, as the public generally do, acknowledge the necessity for the establishment of inland immigration depots, and that they will establish them at once and forward a proportion of the next immigrants that arrive to some of those inland towns where the demand forlaboris now greatest. Although we have alleged only one reason for the adoption of this course (the advantage to be derived from keeping our immigrants in the colony), there are other very important benefits to be derived from it. Sir Hercules Robinson, in his speech at Deniliquin, the other day, alluded to the disproportionate allocation of the population of New South Wales? more than half of whom are residents in the cities and towns. We cannot do better than quote his words :?"Immigration," said his Excellency, " might be so conducted as to correct instead of enhancing the dis- proportion between the urban and rural population. It might be made to dovetail in the large demands for labor upon the railways and other public works in the interior. In other ways, too, immigrants might be led on arrival, instead of hanging about Sydney, to betake themselves to the field in the interior which may offer the best opening for their name mediate lucrative employment. By such arrangements a regular and considerable influx of immigrants might be promoted without any disturbance of the metropolitan labor market. The disproportion also between the residents in the town and country would at the same time be corrected, and the public works of the country, so urgently required, would be advanced more rapidly towards completion. We learn that the six scholarships given by the trustees of the Brisbane Grammar School, under the new regulations, have been awarded as follows 3-6) F. O. Byrne, (2 H. Bryant, (3 J. G. Cribb, (4) W. Moore, (5 J. Oxenham, (fl) G. Longland. Proximo; Accuserunl: T. Fielding, R. P. Francis. We hear that the construction of the branch culvert for the drainage of the private properties between Queen and Adelaide streets, from Albert-street downwards, is likely to be commenced, at once, the preliminary arrangements having at last been completed. The contract for the erection of the new telegraph-office in Queen-street having been signed, and the site excavated to the required level, it is expected that Mr. Petrie will immediately commence the new building. By a notice in another column, emanating from the office of the Portmaster, it will be seen that (steamers while passing the site of the coffer dam, now in course of construction at the dry dock, South Brisbane, are to ease their engines, so as to prevent any damage being done to the works in progress. It is also notified that a white light will be exhibited by night from the outer portion of the dam. We published in yesterday's issue a paragraph describing a series of calamities which have befallen a struggling farmer, named Cripps, and his family at Bundamba and mentioning that a subscription list for their assistance had been opened. We yesterday received from Mr. Thos. F. Lings the generous contribution of £1 1s. for the relief of the Cripps family and shall be happy to receive, acknowledge, and transmit to the gentlemen at Bundamba who have taken the matter in hand, any further sums on that account with which we may be favored. The lovers of good music in Ipswich are many, and we commend to the attention of the Commissioner for Railways a suggestion of The Ipswich Observer, that during the stay in Brisbane of the Opera Company a train should be ran so as to enable Ipswich residents to run down, see the opera, and got back same evening. Tenders for the fourth section of the Western Railway to Roma were opened on Friday afternoon in the presence of Messrs. A. 0. Herbert, W. L. G. Drew, and H. C. Stanley ; but nothing transpired regarding the matter beyond the names of the tenderers, which are Messrs. Overend and Co., Anderson and Co. (connected with Brogden and Sons), Bashford and Co., and Fountain and Co. It is expected that the tenders will come before the Cabinet for decision to-morrow. It is notified by advertisement that the final rehearsal for the last concert of the season, by the Musical Union, will take place in the School of Arts to- morrow, when the public will be admitted at a uniform charge of one shilling. The band and soloists are requested to attend a rehearsal at the same place this evening. On this occasion the performance will be diversified. The concert on Thursday will consist of a new pleasant cantata, adapted from the Danish legend, "The Erl King's Daughter," with selections from the over popular Creation." Friday's concert will be devoted solely to the "Divine Oratorio"?" The Messiah usually rendered by all musical societies during Christmas season. Tin: amusements advertised for Tuesday next Boxing Day are not so numerous as they have been on previous occasions. The railway will, no doubt, receive its quota of pleasure seekers enjoying the privileges of excursion tickets, and in this connection may be mentioned the Ipswich races on Tuesday and Wednesday. Mr. Tavares, proprietor of the Queensland Theatre, has promised an extensive day's sport at the Exhibition Buildings, Bowen Park; his programme includes athletic contests of various kinds, a theatrical performance in the building, and, among other attractions, a baby show. The only trip to the Bay yet announced is that by the Settler, under the management of the Hibernian Society. An afternoon's diversion of a miscellaneous character is to be given at the Toowong Railway Hotel. 