MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. THE ICFXANDKHS AS AUSTKALIAN COLONISTS, In the London Spectator of August 14 last, we find the following paragraph, which we bad not seen when we wrote the other day on the subject of Ice- land immigration :-" The Icelanders are appealing for English help, and appear to deserve it. They are excellent people, always struggling with their climate, and they have been this year over- whelmed wi:h misfortunes. On Easter Monday a terrific erruption of a volcano in Dyngjiiffgoll covered a whole district with ashes from one to eight inches thick, and destroyed all grass for the cattle ; and more recently the crater of the same group has beer» pouring out molten lava. The Ice- landers unaffected by this visitation can do but little, the Danish Government will apparently do nothing, and unless fodder is sent from England, all the cattle will perish. * * * * We rather won- der that some colony like New Zealand, which needs industrious labourers, does not send an agent to Ice- land, and see if it would not be possible to tempt away the entire population, to be settled all together in o separate district. The American agents failed, but they seemed to think Icelanders could live any- where, and offered them homes in Alaska or some such hopeless region. The Northerners can be happy at home, but when they quit home, they thirst for the South." A SEKVIAN LEGEND.-The marriage of the young Prince of Servia will, it is rumoured, be delayed for a few days, owing to the impossibility for the envoy of the Emperor of Russia to reach Belgrade in time for the ceremony. The Servians have some curious legends. One of them appears to be a variation of the Biblical story of Abraham, which is found, with various local colouring, among the traditions of most of the primitive races. The version alluded to runs thus :-" Night was falling ; the moon was shin- ing over the fields of snow ; the stranger entered the dwelling of the poor man, Lazarus. ' Wel- come,' said Lazarus ; then, turning to his wife, Luibitzka, he bade her light ' the faggot and prepare the supper.' The wife replied, « Vast is the forest, and on the hearth the faggot already flames and sparkles. But whoro is the supper ? Have we not fasted for two days and two nights?' Then shame and confusion fell on the heart of the poor man, Lazarus, ' Art thou a Ser- vian,' said the stranger, « and hast thou nothing to offer to thy guest ?' The poor man, Lazarus, opened the cupboard and climbed up into the loft, but found nothing, not even a piece of bread, not even a fruit, ' Here is food and fresh meat,' said the stranger, lay- ing his hand on the head of Yanka, the child; with the curly tresses. Piercing was the cry uttered by Luibitzska, as she fell senseless to the ground beside her child, her only child, Yanka, with the curly tresses. 'Never shall it be said that a Servian failed in hospitality towards a guest,' said the poor man, Lazarus, as he seized the boy and slaughtered him with his long knife, as though he had been a lamb. Ob, who can tell the tale of the stranger's supper P for he feasted on the flesh of the boy as though it had been that of the vearling of the flock ! Weary with his grief, the poor man Lazarus fell asleep ; but at midnight the voice of the stran- ger wakened him, saying: 'Rise up, thou poor man, Lazarus ! I am the Lord thy God. Servian hospitality has remained without a stain. Thy son hove I brought to life again ; abundance have I brought to thy house. Long life, treasure and blessing have I given thee, to thee, O rich man. Luzorus, to the tender Luibitzka. to the beautilul Yunka-Yanka with the curling tresres.' And with these words tho stranger vanished; and, lol the beautiful Yunka-Yunka, with the curly tresses, lay ßleeping beside his sleeping mother, in a deep and large »inSows rf%T " hS? >%*ind(Ts' the Lazarus, filled with treasure Bnrt^ th° "<* mon the pastures, the grov«, and c^rn «»M^6 K,Md?n8> yards, the flocks, the herda ,Ä:Me' and vine' rich man Lnza'ru£ the frïeSd o? 8T8ofthe Lazarus, who maintained-ÍBÍIÍO?».* .the étranger, a stain.'-« Ä"'."^W 08pUality wUheui The New Testament of the ReviseT W .* eeem, reached that stace at wh^hT«8' lt; would what hM been done, and tnkeSnff?maysum UP ¡ well-known Unitarian schokr ^ 4the woik> T1» the first of the Révisera tnhL^\Vnnce Smit1'. «. us where westandffioeoffi^l*T a?d to m which note only howÄ,ehStÄ2^b^,0tl28 end at what verse they have Äed ^,mve re.nd' portantportion, the fourGospel?ilr%J° moB\ lm" otbt. Paul come next, and wnniii tnt", ?L"BJ-'l,la.tles University Press. Ho could not say Äor the new version of the Testament would be^publishedTin pars. That question had not arisen. Butthera could be no doubt that the revision in question woufd be a great improvement-here improvinc the ex GRASS WiDOWs.-Judge Turpie (says the Indianapolis News) has been reading a paper to the Fiat Lux" Sooioty on the orgin of the phrase, "grass widow," or rather " grace widow " for the first has no foundation in fact, and is simply a barbarism, or fuDgus, which haa~ at- tached itself to the English language. " Grace widow " is the term for one who becomes a widow by grace or favour, not of neoessity, as by death, and orgioated in the earlior ages of Europoon civilisation, when divorces were granted bat seldom, and wholly by authority of the Catholic Church. When suoh' dooree was granted to a woman the Papal receipt stated "Viduca de gratia," whioh, interpreted, is " widow of grace " In the law of the Frenoh, it would read ""Veuve de graoe," whioh in England gives " widow of graoe," or " graoe widow," " veuve" being translated as " widow." _ In Augusta, says the Portland Argus, no pro- vision has been mode this winter for feeding and lodging tramps, A vagabond went into a police-station, and wanted to sleep thoro. " We only lodge prisoners," said the sergeant behind the desk. " You only lodge prisoners," repeated the vagabond meditatively. " That's all," was the reply j " you've got to steal something, or assault somebody, or something of that kind. The requisite formality is wanting in your case, so be off," and tho sergeant laughed at the cun- ning Way they hod outwitted tramps. "I've got to aßsault somebody, or something of that kind," again repeated the vagabond, thoughtfully. Then ho reached ooross the desk with his long arm, and knooked the sergeant off his stool, say- ing, OB the officer got up with his hand to his ove "Give moas good a bed as you kin, sergeant 'oause I don't feel well to-night." ' GIGANTIC JAPANESE STATUR.-A recent writer on Japan gives the following account of a gigantio statue of Buddha:-Securely em- bowered in the tall trees, in Bight of the waves of the Pacific, is erected an enormous statue in bronze of Buddha, the Japanese divinity. It is in a sittiog posture, with the armB rcBting in the lap in front, and is fifty feet in height from the stone platform, to which a flight of nine stone steps lead. Around the head are rows of enor- mous cookie shells, exemplifying the tradition that these animals sheltered the divinity from the heat of the sun. As an art-expression of the ideal, the execution is wonderful The typioaL state of complete rest and contemplation, which' all good Buddhists hope to attain, is well illus- trated in the m ajes vio repose of this colossal, statue. Of all the wonderful works of this ourious people this is one of the most remark- able. To get, an idea of its comparative size we climbed the front of the image, and stood in the palms of the hands. The tallest of our party was hardly longer than the thumbs of the hand exposed to view ! From this station we could see the bay, four miles away. The Troy Press calls attention to a sample of " painting in worsted," which has a peculiar in- terest, from the subject represented, for Scotch- men. It says :-" Among the many works of art and skill on exhibition at the Washington« County Fair last week was one which is worthy of more than a passing notice. It consisted of a. magnificent pieoe of worsted work, representing the death scene of George Douglas on the battlefield, after aiding Mary Queen of Soots to escape from Lochleven Castle. Its dimensions were 6 by 4ft, and it was tho handiwork of Mis, Keaoh, an old lady of Sandy Hill, aged 70, whose huBband was killed in the war of 1812. She was eighteen months, working ten hours per day, in performing the labour upon the above scene. It contains twenty figures of mon, women, and horses, and 1,857,600 stitohes _ The wholo is mounted in a beautiful frame which coat 140 dollars, and at a short distance oan hardly be distinguished from an oil painting. The value of the pioture, considering the amount of ma- terial used and labour employed upon it, ÍB estimated at over 1,500 dois, and Mrs. Keaoh. expeots to realise that amount for it." The unfair usage of dramatists by theatrioali managers is indignantly set forth by an injurjy?// playwright in a letter to the Paris Figaro, Some time sinoe the injured author Bent a play to the manager of a theatre, and soon after back. carne the piece with a written message, that the manager "had read the MS. with great atten- tion, but did not find it suited," &o.; The author suspeoted that his production had not been read at all, so he pasted some of tho pages together, wrapped it up in a new pieoe of paper with a fresh title, and sent it to the same theatre The piece was duly returned with the very same message, and the dramatist discovered his pages still stuok together, evidently unread ligaro's theatrioal writer comforts his correspondent with an anco dote of a similar oharaoter. Years back he sent a roll of blank paper with a title outside to a direotor, and a month afterwards the roll oame home with a polite letter of refusal, stating that the pieoe had been read with " great attention," but that the subjects treated of did not suit that particular theatre. It ia said that most of the residents of Austin would stay at home altogether if it were not for the flattering way the local paper has of mentioning their return after a brief absence. The follow- ing is the Reveille's latest :-Aleck M'Cafferty arrived by this morning's stage from Battle Mountain. He was attired in a plug hat and an oriode watoh- ohain, and in general appearance resembled a molting bird. He also had on a clean collar, and his best friends will not vouoh for any remainder to that artiole. Some months ago an Oregon man named his girl baby after Queen Victoria, and wroto to tho Queen to that effeot. Not hearing from Her / Majesty, he changed the _ohild's name to Hannah, and went out and 'pounded the first Englishman be met. 