\ THE DAY'S SUMMARY, ? In tho Now South Wales Assembly yestor dny, a'biil'waB read a 'second time making adultery on tho part of tho husband n, g'ood ground for divorce. Mr. BvcHUtAxi atL.A., movesin the New South Wales Assembly to-day ? his motion of censure on the ImporialGovernment, in conse quence of their, conduct in connection with tho Brlgarian atrocities. ,,'' ' . ' The English eleven have boaton a Newcastle twenty-two by one innings and 25 runs. Selbv, one of tho English crickoters, now at Newcastle, N.S.W., has beaten Fleming in a pedestrian matoh for £50 a side. ' -Thflro -was a great deal of pxcitement oycr the affair. Tub Now South Wales Government havo agreed to accept from South Australia £36,000 as thoir share of the border duties, as against £13,000 hitherto paid. This, with' that- paid by 'Victoria, yields Now South Wales a revenue of|£165,000. ' '. . ..-V.;.\ ':?? V: -.'.';' Am one .who hae been refiidentiin- this part' of the colony during ' the; last fourteen or sixteen yenrB knows full, well, and will readily admit, tfcat'the Gev. mans, aB a rule, with few exceptions, innke excellent colonistB.- Our arrange ments for German immigration have always been defective ; Sufficient pare ?has not been exercised in the. selection ; the arrangements for conveying 'Gerv man emigrahtB from the port of depar ture ! to- Queensland hare '.' been bo 1 ''' ' \:r 7 .-: -i ? '.??'-- V-. Ijii- unsatisfactory-; jthnt tho people /jjiavo been oveP-erowdod, half-starved,', fteaA numbers killed off by typhoid fever anfr other diaeaeea incident to want'^f t'lcnnlinossi' sufficient breathing spaoe, nnd an hdequato supply of wholesome food. But 'with all theso drawbacks tho Gernifiris who 'have been lauded here have 'shaken down,' in a remark ably short time into Rood, sturdy, plodding1, self-reliant settlerB, 'occupying our waste JandB and making them yield not only a^'subaistenoe, butsomqtliing more. In other words, they.hnve token up Innd in ridiculously 'smail quantities at first, and by sheer -. industry and economy' hnvo made the land keep -them while -they cleared'' niid brought tho whole of ifc into cul tivation, and then havo inpronsed the area of their selections until now, on the Logan, the Alberlyand ptlipr. pluouB in, East and':. West '-Moreton,- and 'the Downs,- those who- started with nothing nxeeptir-'BtOut^ hearts and hearty bodies . aro; iir. ; very '.comfort- able circumstances. ' This is '' t'iirry ing out the true- idea of colonizi lion. It is ' settling ' the country in thetruost and best sense of the term. Next to flic Gct'tmins the Irish have proved the best settlers as far as ' ro cininnnc; me wnacrneps is enncorncu, and wo havo sufficient British (beling.to stron«ly wish to see this colony settled mainly by native born' British sub jects. . But we are : dealing now more .especially with the . German element/and may say incidentally, that not the least agreeable feature; in con nection therewith is the remarkable -short' time, .it .takes, a .German, after getting a farm of his own here, to develope,. into a true-: and-, genuine 'British subject . — rendly.to hold- his own and . maintain his rights against all and Bundry who ' encroach or seem to do so. But our arrangements for German emigration are, if anything, rather more defective now than they were at the beginning, and it is with a view to call attention -to this matter that we.no.tr notice it., -We have .before us the official report of I) r. Temple, the snrKeon-8uperintendent , of -,. the ship Reichstag' on her last voyage. -? It is very voluminous but exhaustive and most interesting review of the whole' 'question of German ahdi Sean dinayian immigration as welt as an account oi wpac uappenea on Dpara tno Beichstng'during the voyage out. As this is the third ;vbyage iDr. Temple has made in German emigrant ships for Queensland, he speaks with. :authority on the subject. The first point of importance referred to -in' his report is the inadvisability. of having Germans and Scandinavians, in the same vessel in any considerable numbers: ' In tho Reichstag there were Germans, ? Danes, andltalians — the Germans and Danes being pretty equally divided hr respect' to numbers. Dr. Tempee reports that the Germans and Italians gave no trouble. They were peaceable, well disposed,' 'law - abiding ' passengers. But tho Danes were from Sleswig, and they were not only 'inspired with a national hatred of the Germans,' but they 'were not backward in expressing this feeling whenever any thing occurred which displeased them;' and ' they have a dangerous habit of combination. Every trouble with a Dane is made a Dn'riish question, and ever complaint of a Dane is .backed up by- a number of noisy Danes who insult the authorities of the ship.' Moreover,. .Dr. Temple avers that these. Sleswig-Danes are ' extremely insoient, forward, and quarrelsome.' This general statement is subsequently qualified in the report under notice, by a .statement to the eftect that the. Danes' '.''.from North Sleswig, and the married. people, were, yery-'well-behnved aad well-conducted iiasBoniiers. But the iieheral conclusion, is that life on board the Reichstag on her last voyage out waa not. a very, comfortable one with. Jthese; Danefli' Nor were these wanting^cauBe for much of the dissatisfaction manifested, apart altogetherfrom nationalfeeling and local prejudices. The victuals'were short and of bad quality, and some of tho agents who furnised emigrants seemed'to have, depended mainly on tho .Reformatories,' Magdiilene institutions,- :. and gaols for making up the number of passengers required to fill the ship. So long as they obtain their 'head money,' these German .and Scandanav.ian Bub agents do not seem to cjiro who they send,- and on- the .Danish..-sido,. -Dr. Ti?^rT-T-B» nnmnlninn flinf. ' f.llft Tl/irtP.S fill courage'; .their- -minor/? criminals ::? to emigrate to Australia, New Zealand, and America;' ?. The Danish' girls; who came out in the Reichstag without friends or relations on board, seem, from this report, to have beVn-'all picked up from the streets. '.There , cannot be' any shadow of doubt that our arrange ments for a German- immigration are very defective. ' ' ? More Susstkokes. — Two moro cases of aun storlcc occurred shortly hoforo 1 o'clock this afternoon, hoth at tho Commoroial wharf. In tho moro serious ono the victim is a.man named HacdonalJ, a Beaman employed on tho Tam baroora, -and has only recontly' camo from Jfnrvborouch. Ho was workins: down in the bold, just uhdor tho hatohway, at tho timo ho was struck. He was immediately romoved to a cool Bhed on tho wharf, wKoro ho was soon after attended by Drs. Banoroft and Mullen. Hia shipmates have been aasiduous in their attentions to him euico tho doparture of the medical mon, and at tho timo of our going to prcsa they woro sanguino of hringing him round by carrying out tho doctors instructions. Tho other cane was not of a veryBorious nature, tho man, who was engaged in unloading cargo from ono of tho vesBola at tho . wharf, haying since quito rocovorcd. Wo learn that tho man namoil Catt, belonging to tho barquo Too woomb, who was sunstruok at tho same wharf on Wednesday ;la8t, rand .whq/was re-, moved to tho Hospital,, nevor i rallied from his stupor. : Ho died, about noon yesterday. The Weather.— Tho reading of tho baro meter at tho Observatory, atrWickham Terraoo »t 9 o'olock thie morning, was 30'039 ; Wind S. During .the previous twonty-four hours tho reading of tho thorraometprs (solfrogistor lnB)gftvehigheBtJnBhadei?3'; and in tho oun, 128- j the lowOBt in shade, 72- ; and on grass, V1-. The rainfall during twenty-four .hours -was 0-05 '; th« Telooitj- of the wind,' 147 mllet. 