SHIPPING. There hare been no fewer than seven art rivals of foreign vessels and five departures, since our last summary. Two of the arrivals -viz., the Famenoth from Glasgow, and the Eastminster from Liverpool-are immigrant vessels, the former bringing 318 souls and the latter 344. The followiug are particulars: October 12.-Abbey Holms, barque, 516 tons, Capt. Iryce, from Liverpool June 2. October 19.-Sepia,' barque (London line), 695 tons, Captain C. J. Munro, from London June 25. Passengers: Mrs. Mitchell, Miss Mary Mitchell, Messrs. E. Bawley, James.aobon, H. Devonshire, N. Temple, and W. Heath: " :' October 20.-H.l. schooner, Sandfly, 1 gun, Lieu tenant-Commander Bell, from Sydney. October 30.-Corinth, barque (Devitt sand Moore's line), 614 tons, Captain W, . Brown, from London July 10, the Channel July 12. Passengers: Mr. and Mrs. G. R. Maclean, Mrs. Rowes, Misses Howes, Messrs. W. A. Abel, T. Hartenstein, Artbur Cooper, Jolsn Hyde, F. B. G. Orompton, J. J. Orompton, F. Hudson, and Master G. W. S. BRoche. November l.-Red Riding.hood, ship, 720 tons, Captain W. Robertson, from London. November 3.-Famenoth, ship (Clyde line), 1000 tone, Captain W. .Auld, from Glasgow June 24, Greenook June 29. Passengers: Mr. and Mrs. J. M'Cowan and family, Miss E. Fletcher, Bev. George M. Colledge, Messrs. Andrew Robert, R. Fulton, James York, J. W. Grant, and 318 immigrante, equal to 287 statute adults. Dr. J. R. Joseph, sur geon- superintendent. Mrs. Boyd, matron. November 8.-Eastminster, ship (Orient line), 1150 tones, Captain W. Morey, from Liverpool July 5, and Queenstown July 15, with 844 immigrants, equal to 314 statute adults. Dr. W. H. Maclean, surgeon superintendent. Mrs. Ware, matron. October 10.-Shun Lee, barque, 669 tone, Captain L. Evans, for Newcastle in ballast. October 12.-B. M. 8. Brisbane, E. and A. Co.'s, 867 tones, Captain R. Balfour, for Kcppol Bay, Bowen, Townsville, Cooktown,Somerset, Singapore, and Hong. kong. Passengers for Singapore: Mr.J. M'Ivor; for Rongkong : 9 Chinese ; and for Marseilles: Dr. and Mrs. Roberts, Messrs. E. W. Parker, G. N. Marten, and through passengers from Melbourne and Sydney. October 13.-Resohstag, German ship, 784 tons, Cnptain IIoffman, for Rangoon. October S2.-RH.M schooner SandSy, 1 gun, Lieut. Commander Bell, on a cruise. November 2.-Windsor Castle, ship, 1175 tons, Captain N. Harrison, for London. Passengers: First Cabin--Messrs. Conolly Norman and Cox. Second Cabin-Frederick Flomming, Emma Brierly, Jobn Clement Ellison, Martha Helena Ellison, Clementine Helesna Martha Ellison (infant), Alice Wadley, George Robert Eykyn. Third Cabin Joseph Rodgers, Mrs. Ann Rodges, Mary Rodgers, Arthur Rodgers, Sarah Howell, William Pdrrott, Mrs. Jessie Wilkinson, George Wilkinson, John Moffatt, John M'Donnell. Thu Abbey Holme, barque, from Liverpool, now lying alongside the agents' wharf, Messrs. Bright, Brothers, and Co., was reported at theCustoms on Oct. 16. Of his passage, Captain Bryce reports that lie left Liverpool, June 2. Encountered a strong gale on the 4th, with heavy confuled sea; from thence had fine weather to the Equator, which was crossed on July 8, in 30dog. 20min. W.; had very bad S.E. trade winds mostly from S. and S.S.W. and squally. Sighted Tristan d'Acunha August 10; passed meri dian of the Cape of Good Hope on the 18th ; on the 21st, encountered a very heavy gale; lost the long boat, poop ladders, &o.;, and had a continuance of bad weather until passing Tasmania, which was passed on the 23rd of September; from thence had fine weather with the exception ofone or two heavy thunderstorms. I Sighted Cape Moreton on the 12th of October, and arrived at Brisbane on the 13th. She brings a cargo, principally of salt and beer, valued at £9400. Captain Munro reports that the barque Sepia left Graveeand on the 25th of Juno and passed D])al on the same day, and eaperienced a vdry fine run down Chonnel, after which incessant light airs and calms prevailed from thence to the line, which was crossed in longitude 25' west. Had very ordinary south-east trades, which we lost in latitude 20 south ; en countered severe gales to the south, which caused the ship to labour heavily and taking large seas over her, which swept away the bulwarks fore and aft, and causedotherineonsiderable damage. After getting to the latitude of 40' south, southerly winds continued without intermission, so much so that we could not keep our position to the southward until we arrived off St. Paul's and Amsterdam t from thence we made a straight course, with moderate westerly winds, to the South Cape-of Tasmania, which was passed on the 91th day out; there we encountered a severe gale from the north-east, which gradually shifted to the westward, after which we had light variable winds up the coast; had two thunder squalls, with heavy rain; saw no sail of any description from leaving the south. east trades until off Point Danger ; took pilot on board on the 18th Oct., and anchored off the Yellow Patch. She brings a cargo of general merchandise, valued at the time of clearance at £26,000. The Corinth, barque, from London, a regular trader to this port, arrived oil' Cape Moreton on October 30, before dusk, and should have been reported to the Brisbane oltice that night. The ressel, which is still under the command of Captain W. B. Brown, has, in consequence of being heavily laden, made a longer passage than usual, having cleared the Channel on July 12, and has therefore occupied 110 days on this voyage. The Corinth, which brings several pos sengers and a large cargo of general merchandise, valued at the time of clearance at £30,00, came to an anchor in the Brisbane Roads on the afternoon of the 31st, shortly before 6 o'clock. Captain Brown reports that the Corinth, barque, left the docks on the evening of July 8, pasend the Start, Friday, the 15th. Had light northerly winds and calms till August 11, when in latitude 3' N. and 22' W., took a moderate S.E. wind, which we carried to 23' S. and 20' W. From thence to Tasmania mostly light variable winds, the ship making only one good ran of 300 miles in twenty-four hours. Sialited ,W. cape of Tasmania on October 18, wind E., fresh, which lasted five days; two large full-rigged ship. in company, working to windward, one with mainmast gone. On October 19 wind set in from northward and continued with little variation until the night of the 30th, when we rounded Cape Mforeton and anchored off the Yellow Patch. Anchored at Brie. bane roads the following day. Csptain W. Robertson reports that the Red Riding Hood, barque, left the West India docks at 1180 a.m. July 20, and towed to the Downs. The wind blowing fresh from the south-west, the anchor was let go. Left the Downs on Saturday, the 22nd, at 2 p.m., with light northerly winds. The pilot was landed off Cowes on Sunday, at 7'80 p.m. Had light north. westerly winds to the Bill of Portland, when it shifted to northbeast, and continued in that quarter more or lees until abreast of the Cape de Verde Islands, which position was reached on the 11th August. Boarded the Danish ship aaram, from Callao to Falmouth. From the islands we had nothing but south-south-west and south-west winds, at times blowing fresh. The equator was crossed on the 23rd of August in 18" 26' west. Had strong south-east trades, with very heavy squalls and southerly sea. Sighted the Island of Trinidad on the let of September, passing close to the westward. The southbeast trades (which bad been the heaviest I had ever experienced) left us on the 4th of September in latitude 27- 50' south, and longi tude 81. 48' west. From this to the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope, which was reached on the 21st of September, we had moderate north-westerly and south.westerly winds, with the exception of four or five days that we encountered light north-easterly and south-ensterly winds. On the 20th of September, in latitude 40" south, and longitude 198 30' east, a vessel's skylight (white) was passed. The easting was run down in latitude 40" south until reaching the Lenin (October 13). Here we had a sere gale from north. wealt sunceeded by an ennalls soarenn eon frm sou?h-west, causing a hearing cross sea, and during the latter breeze a heavy sea broke on board between the main and mizzen rigging, smashing the star. board lifeboat, and a portion of the bulwarks on both sides. The cabin was flooded with water, and a large quantity of water went into the store. room, destroying some stores. Along the south coast of Australia moderate northerly winds prevailed, with continual rain and low barometer (2910). The Otway and King's Island was sighted at 1o30 a.m. on the 21st of October. Wind light, from north-east, and baffling until 4 p.m., when a westerly breeze sprung up. Passed Wilson's Promontory at 4 p.m. next day. Here we spoke the Florence Nightingale, from Mel bourne, bound to Sydney. Between the Promontory and Cape Howe the wind was strong from north-north east, gradually hauling into the westward and ending in a southerly buster. On Wednesday, October the 25th, had a heavy thonderstorm, and strong uasteady winds. On Tuesday, the 21st of October, at 1 p.m., lighted Cape Moreton, and anchored offthe Yellow Patch at 7 p.m. some day. At 2 m. on November let the pilot came on board; and at 4 p.m. got underway in the Bonds, and anchored at Bar same day. 