From the Courier, January S.) Warwick. The amount of tin received at Hie Railway Station, "Warwick, during jtlio past week was ullous fiewts. l.'ilbs. Gymi'ib. Tho escort left fur Maryborough to- day witli 2000 ounces gold. Mining matters nro dull. iiio new (jouri-liousoj will be completed in six weeks. A now brick building for tlie Queensland National Bank was commonceit a fortnight since, and is progressing rapidly. Sydney. Tho Co-operate Collieries pit at Newcastle caught fire to-dny from tlio ventilating furnace. A man named Waters has boon committed for trial, charged with a buiglnry : ou tho Botany rond. A man 1ms, boon killed (near Burrangong, from tlio effects of drinking n largo quantity of colonial beer, lor a wager. Kerosiuo is firmer. Flour £13 per ton for small parcels. 'file arrival ol' all mail steamers in tlio colonies is to bo notified to tlio public at every telegram station iu tho colony. Tho A.S.N. Company havo received advices that their now steamer Tarnlla, lor the Queens land Irado would leave on January 28. The City of San Francisco, s., one of tlio rarific Company's fleet for tho new service, arrived from San Francisco Inst night and ran upon a sandbank in tlio eastern elinnuol when coining up tlie liarbor, but was subsequently fioatod. Sir George Bowou, Governor of Victoria, and Major Pitt, aid-de-camp, are passengers. Tlio A.. S.N. Co.'s steamship Mikado, bring ing the mails, also nrrivod from Sau Francisco this morning, ut 1 o'cloek. The mail news is generally anticipated by cnblc'adviccs. Tho following aro the principal items : — One hundred and forty miners havo lost their lives by a colliery explosion, caused by careless blasting operations. Anotlior disaster of a similar character is. reported from a eonl mineuenr Pentrich, South- Wales. twelve persons being killod and ten injured. New York advices stnte tho cacane or W. M. Tweed is a result long anticipated, and lias el lust become an accomplished fact. Ilis imprisonment was merely of a formal character and though nominally under restraint, lie bus been in the habit of being accompanied by the Warden of Ludlow-Btrcot Gaol aud an assistant, when visiting his friends, uud passing much of bis time witli his family, at thoir residence, in Mndison-avcnno. Tlie Nortli-Germnn tJoyil Company's steam ship DeiitKcbiand, hound from Bremen to New York, has bcon totally wrockod, aud a 'num ber of passengers drowned. Melbourne. A Mr. J. Baker was found (load in tho pub lic baths yesterday. A tiro lias occurred nt tlie blasting powder manufactory at Footscray ; tlio loss is esti mated at £500, the buildings not being in sured. Rain foil all last night, and tlie weather is stil! stormy uud unsettled. Mr. Dowliug has made a statutory declnra- lioiL denying that ho gave orders to Rowlings, the jockey, tu pull OyjlopB, in tho Selling Stakes. lIoiiAuT Town. Six dozen fish were caught in n seine net yestorday in Handy Bay, and aro prononnocd to bo salmon or salmon trout. Launcbston. James Forbes has been sentenced to ton year's imprisonment for slaughtering sheep lor the purpose of stealing tho wuol. .'l'ho chargo of fraudulent insolvency against J. M. Davis bns' boen dismissed. Mail Notice. — Mails for tlio Australian colonics, New Zealand, and Fiji, will closo at 1 tlie post-offico tto-inorrow morning — for regis tered letters utSMG, and for ordinary letters at lOo'eloek". , Police' Court.— The only business done nt tlio Polioo Court yesterday' morning was the further' remanding JohuvButdhijr, for' forty- eight hours, by Mr. F, N. Beddeir, poiidiiig'tiio arrival of tlie Tiuoueu. Nubofean Postal- Rates.—' The Postmaster General hns officially notified for tho informa tion of tho public, that tlio ratos of postngo to tho ooiitinent of -Europe Miavq boou reduced on iilCprbphid letters' ns follows : for Itiily,, 7d. por .j oz. instead of 9d. ns Rorotoforo ; 'for; .Switzer land, Austria, Germany, Luxomburg, Nether lands, Denmark, Heligoland, Sweden, Norway, Iceland, Russia, mid tho Faroo Islands, 9(1. instead of la, 3d. ; and for Belgium iOd. Thrown frow a Hoitau.— a lad named Fay, residing at Lake's Crook, was thrown from n liorso on tlio north sido of tlio rivor yostorday, lienr' Considino's Ilotol, and was soinbwlinfc seriously injured. A nasty gash wus mado iu tho bnok of his head a littlo ubovo.iiis nook, nnd liis hip appear, to bo eithor strained or dislocated so that lio b.ould neither walk nor'put it to tlio ground. IIo was ' promptly o'on- voyoil across tho rivor .iinmodintoly, after' for." mcdionl attention and oare, when liis- wounds: wore dressed, and we uiidorstimd lie is now, in » lllil WUJf lu' lUUUIUlj t On Dnv — Thb most unfounilod reports got into circulation somotimos, and tlioy sooin to have loss foundation than' tho thveo bla'ok orqws.- The night before last it- was repertod iu town 'that a man had boon drowned in tlio rivor. ; Two names woro given, but- the wholc story turned out to havo been a fabrication. It wai also reported— this"' timo with somo foundation in faot— that a boy iiiid boon run over by a watormuu's oart. His back was said to have boon brokon ; but ns it was also stated that aftor tho, accident lie rail' a milo to oscapo a flogging, wo inferred that tlio wliool had missed him. ITo was subsequently ooufiuod to liis boil. His naino did not transpire. a Rush to the Dee.— "Wo loavned yostorday ou reliable authority, that alluvial gold lms- boon discovered at tlio j unction of Dairy Crook nnd tho Deo ltivor. It is in tho Crooodilo Crook district, aud is somo : twonty-fivo milos 'from Rookhampton. Tlio sinkings nro shallow, nnd tho .gold is found hot ween two layors of shingle. Theronroabontsix inchosof .wash. Not more than a dozen men are yot on the ground,, nnd it is reported that tlioy nro onrniug from £2 to £5 a week. This, though not suffioiont to attract diggers from a distauoo, will prove a. windfall to thoso residing iii tho locality, whoso earnings lately must havo beon of a somewhat slender ohnractor. Years ago tlio head of tlio oreok was prospootod witli littlo result, tlio party having misseil tho lucky spot. Coal. — Yostorday wo had tlio opportunity of sooing n sample of coal obtained from nn out crop nt Bowou. It had been sont down to bo tested at tho Rockhamptoii Gas "Works, and ero long, probably, wo shall havo relinblo in formation ns to its quality , If our information be correct, it was obtained at a depth of six teen foot, ami for surface coal looks v.ory woll." a low-level miner named "William Smith, who hails from tho Northumberland and Durham coalpits, , happened to see the spooiinon yestor- tit t'wtttt, ititlt 0|JI(IIW tltiuillttuiy Ut 11,3 U|J» peavanoc. This man, who .arrived in tlio colony by tlio Toowoomlin, anil who is still nt tlio Immigration Depot, states that, ho lias bocu accustomed to inirio at a depth of ovor two hundred fathoms, or twelve hundred foot, und that outcrops have all a dull nppoiranoo, liko tlio Toowoomhn samplo, but that tlio coal im proves as you got down. Should tho Bowou coal .provo ro bo good for gas uud.stoiim pur-, poses, tlio discovery will bo of tlio greatest value. IIiqii Tides. — Tlio midday ,tidc yesterday was an exceptionally high one, fully eighteen inches or moro higher than ordinary spring lidos, anil when nt its highost it just covered tlio platform of tlio forry-liotisa at tlio upper ferry, which is usually clear by two or three stops. No doubt tlio phenomenon is intelli gible to those familiar with nstronomioal nnd ineteorologioal science, but to ordinary ob servers tlio river woro tlio appearance of boing in a state of fresh. It is customary to say that a strong wind setting iu from tlio Bny gives moro wator at Hood tide, but so far as wo aro aware this cause was not operativo yostorday. It would bo interesting to know what control ling forces thoro nro over tlio oiomenls, as thoroby an index to tlio woatlier of a reliable character would bo nt linud. Tho idea tliut tho moon is pre-ominout iu theso matters lias now woll nigh exploded. All will admit tlio con nection botweon tlio moon's oliangos and tho tiilos, and lie must bo a during iudividiiai who would attempt to disputo it ; but who is equally confident that tho moon controls the weather ? Motoorology ns u scionco is at best only nn infuut iu swaddling clothes. Kockiiamiton Benevolent Society. — Tlio usual monthly mooting of tho ubovo wns hold in tho Sekcool of Art's yesterday afternoon, at half-past four o'clock. Trosent— Mrs. Hunter (Lady-President), Mrs. Hcndrick (Lady Hooro- tury), Mrs. Siilmonil, Mrs. Hartley, Mrs. For- gusou, Mrs. Clcinonts, . Mrs.' Russell,. Mrs. Trotinan, Mrs. Bcildek, and Mrs. Thon ; also, Mr. iicddolc and tlio Revs. R. Hartley and T.TY. I'Erson. .Tlio minutes of tho previous mooting wero read nnil confirmed, and tlio following reports roail and ndoptod No. 1 District; Rolievod, 7 adults uud 12 children; expenditure, £10 4s. !)Jd. No. 3 District : Re lieved, 2 adults ; expoudituro, £1 15s. 3d. No. 1 District: Rolievod, 0 adults and 17 children ; expenditure, £6 1 9a. No. 5 District : Relieved. S adults uud 16 children ; expenditure, £5 6s 8kl. No. 5 District : (For December) Relieved 4 adults and -1 children : exnoiidihurii. £3 I. Is 4d. No. (i District: Relieved, 7 adults and 12 children ; oxponditure, £10 9s. 8d. There wore nino imniitos iu tlio temporary asylum iluiiug tlie samo .period, and a matron had beon appointed, tho total oxpouditiirp being £14 9s. 4(1. Somo business relative to tlio inmatos of the temporary asylum was attended to, a reso lution boing oarriod to supply them with rations temporarily on condition that tlio cxpenso of it bo refunded. Mrs. Clomonts tendons! hor resignation lis ft rnombor of tho Committee, whioh was not nccoptcd. A lottor was road from Mr. Curl Harden, offering In put the tompornry nsylum into thorough' repair r an additional rental of 6s., milking it 16s. por week. Tlio Rev. It. Ilnrtloy moved, and tho Rov. T. AV. I'Erson souondod, that tlio offor of Mr. Huriloii bo oocoptcd, whioh, on being -put to tho meeting, was carrind. An account for printing was passoil 'for payment, and, aftor furthor consultation on soino unimportant matters, tlio meeting rose. Madame Sirly. — The ontorlaininonts givoti by tliis tulentod lady uro both instructive and amusing. Ou Tuesday oveniug tho largo hull nt tho Soh'col of Arts was crowded, ami great intercut was manifested throughout tlio pro ceedings, but moro . ' during tlio eleo- tro-biological oxporimouts. Tim; ball was pencil with a Roloat phrenological lecture, in which tlm fauctioua of tho domestic and social organs, tnkou singly, and also whon noting in conihiuutioii, wero oxpluinod witli groat clear ness. A skull, whioh 'Miulaino Sibly hold in hor hand, formed a suitable medium for illus tration ; bnt tho manipulation of lialf-n-dozon living heads was more interesting, judging from tho tolling effoots it produoed. Tho doliiioutioiiH wf.ro uoknowlcdgod to bo lifo-liko descriptions of tlio originals. Tho mesmeric oxporimouts foliowod, and formod tho most outoi-tainiug and woiuiorfiil part of tlio pro gramme. Mndanlo Sibly is undoubtedly a dis tinguished mosinorist, and aooptios in this bruuoh of tho occult soionees— if electro-biology or mcsinorism may bo so olnssifiod— should tako tho first opportunity of visiting tlio School of Arts. Tlio socno on the platform on Mon day evening, was ono of surpassing iutorcJt. It .is not tlio moro amusemont wo rofor to, though that was considerable. But there stood tlio mosmorist, having four subjoats under por- : foot control. Sho wns attired for tho oooasion, and sooinod a vory fairy iu power — though alio carried no mngio wand, hor owu awoot will amply sufllood. Thoro wns first a dunco, and iWlint struck- us most was tho oarnestuoss of tlio slobpors, who, with oyos closed, soomod ontiroly absorbod in what thoy woro doing ; and what- over may bo said about tho "stop," tlioy at lonat kopt good timo to tho piano. Tho sub jeots thou oxoouted sovoral somorsaults, and ono man wnllcod on his hoild-, boing unable, .-apparently, to lcoop Ids foot down. Ono of tho sleepers — a' young man woll known in town — then faood tho uudieaco, 'and tho mosmorist having touohod ids organ of musio, ho struok up " Tommy Dodd," to tho great merrimontjof tlio audiouco. But thoro was something yot more amusing. Madamo Sibly placed a doll in tlio hands of ono of tho Bloopers and touohed tlio organ of piiilpprogouitivenoss, and tho man iinmodintoly began to dandle " tho oliild" ; thon exoiting tho samo organ in tho head of another sl'oopor, Mndnmo Sibly said, " Ilo'a got your baby." The man " looked"— that is, ho " re garded" his opponont, tho pnrlolnor of his "buby," for his oyos woro olosoj, and his look was' that of a sloop-wulkor ; he seized " tho child," but tho original possessor stuck to it ; tho mosmorist oxoitod tho olaimnut's combativo organ, and lio got the baby aftor a scuflto, and bogau to uurso and. kiss it, to tho doliglit of tho iuuliouce. " It's a onako," said tho mosmorist, anil tlio man .throw it down and flod, but was reoallcd by ft' word from tho mosmorist. Tho. sloopera, on being awnkonod, gl'auoed at tho audionoo and " boltod." Thoro is no doubt as to tho genuiiiQiioss of thoso oases, and Mudaino Sibly may bo congratulated on hor romarkablo \- suoccss, as it is uot oftan that results so satis- faetory aro obtained the first ovoning. Thoro will lie a grand fnsliionnblo'entortninmont this o zoning for tho examination of ladies' bonds, the tliroo host competitors will receive hand- so.no prizes. Kerosene Exflosion.— Mrs. Sohwarz, of Walloon, in lighting a kerosene lamp, un screwed tlio burner and vory foolishly hold tlio bliiziiig wiok to ouo sido while slio poured in tho korosono from n half-pint tin. Tho draught blow tho flnmn towards tlio oil, nn oxplosion oeourred, tlio tin wus blown to atoms, and tho burning oil fell upon tho children who wero standing nronud. Two of thorn hnvo sinoo (linfl. flllil f.llA mnftioK ia an It ' i " M ("wvni, o ou hl iiiittii emu WtiH unable to bo present at tlio inquiry.— Queens land Times. Think of that.— Modionl mon havo ascor- tainod that n'liuuinu body woigliing 1541bs. oon tains 11 libs, of wator. Only think of that now ! Isn't it awful to oontomplato when tho tliorinomotur stands ut 140 or so in tho slmdo P A man weighing 1 1 stono simply oarries 451bs. of solid inattor— all tho rest water, which' mny ovaporato in tlio shnpo of stoam, or boil and frizzlo undornentii tho skin liko a sausugo ou a gridiron, until nn explosion tako placo— and you are cookod.— Moheinian. Human Remains. — Wo learn through tho courtesy of Inspector Lloyil, that Sorgoant I lullornu has sont a report of the finding of human remains in a scrub at Kolonga. Tlioso remains wore first found by a 6tock belonging lo tlio station, nnd Sergeant ILalloran, on receiving information visited tho (scrub. He reports that tho remains seem to bo many yoars old, and orutnbling to pieces ; tlio skull is sound, without any mark on it, and rcsombles that of- tin aboriginal. A pint pot was found with tho remaius, but nothing olse. — Wide JJay'Ncws, Bell Siqnals. — A now system of signalling by means of bolls is about to bo introduood at the Woatoru Railway Btation, Ballarnt. At prosout tho mon in charge of tho somaplioro at tho oastorn ond of tho station, and that near tho Armstrong'-stroot bridgo cannot nt nil times soo each otlior's signals, or whon tlio station is clean To remedy this a boll is to bo plnood ut the signal-box, near tlio oiigiuo-sliods, worked by a wire from tlio opposite box, nnd two bolls will bo placod ut tho station itself, workod from tlio sumo-box. Thus, when a train from Ararat or Maryborough is in sight, tho signiilinun nonr Arinstrong-stroot will ring tlio bells and can bo answered back agaiu by a boll plueol in his own box, if nil is right, so as to enablo him to allow tho ill-coming, train to pass. By tho ringing of tho bolls at tho station tho public will also be informed of tho speedy arrival of a train. — Miner. Whist and Legislation.—' Tho Melbourne correspondent of tlio Hamilton Spectator says : — " It wns supposed to bo rathor an extraordi nary invasion of tlio proprieties whon billiiird- tublcs bccamo part of tlio furniture of Parlia ment, and when in tlio calm of an important ilobnto, tho click of the bulls might bo hoard in tlio Assembly itsolf. But our sonators liavo now gono further, and converted tho Opposi tion room into a card-room. , I happonod to look iu ou Thursday night, and saw.four of tho worthy senators oiijoviug a short gaino for shilling points, 'while waiting for tho di'visiou- boll to ring. One of tlie party had his oout off. and was playing ivith a zost that Bhowed how much ho enjoyed, his amusement. -I like a good gamo of whist myself. I don't agrod with tho theory of our ancient feminine rela- tive, mac a paoK ot oaras is the Auld Clootie's bible. But uards in a oommittoo-rooin did givo mo a slight shook, just for tho moment. Throo hundred pounds a yoar to play cards ! Iluppy men." A Victorian Amazon.— Tho following nar- rativo is by tlio Castcrton correspondent of tho Hamilton Spectator.',-— "In spito of what theo rists may say, wo aro at all ovonts not dogon- oniting iu our physical attributes. A young womnn named Eliza Lord, of Corndalo, in this neighborhood, lately boing out ou businoss or pioiisuro on horsobnok, started a full-grown kangaroo, to which sho gavo olinso with all truo fotninino ardour. Tlie quarry dodged about, hopping backward nnd forward ovor pretty stiff fonoos, followed ovor oncli by tlio iair cquestrionno, until liis kungnrooship, find ing himself stuck up, assumed tho aggrossivo, aud_ in his attompts to disinouut tho ridor sadly disfigured tho steed. At lojigth, soizing his opportunity, the kangaroo bouuded off to an adjucont swamp, plungod into'fanoiod Rooufity and two foot of water. Nothing diuuitod or oheaked by tlio onomy's tnotios, tlio liuly throw Uorsolf from hor liorso, seizod u wnddy, follow, od tlio prey, and nftor n briof oonlost tho mar supial was hors de combat, Tlio ntiinzon thon procured assintanoo, and tho body of tlio slum was carried homo in triumph." A Novel Team. — A into traveller in tlio Wostorn (listriot was stniok by tlio alisonoe of tlio usual tussolatod lunguago of tlio bullock- drivor in tho caso of. a man on tlio road with a small toam, which ho .thus apostrophised, " Como hither, Baptist ! Wo-o-o ! Prosby," Sea. This moilo of address seomod so strango to tho traveller that lio ton toroil into eon vorsu- tion witli tlio mutt aud nskod him how tlioso titles woro applioifblo to a bullook toam. " AVoll, sir, you soo," snld ho, " I oalls this tlio 'olcsinstioal toiun. You soo that bullook on tho off side, lending; I calls him Baptist. AVo'll bo crossing tlio crock presently, lio'll bo bound to mako for water. That ono on tho nonr sido ho's 'piRCopnlian, oause ho holds liis bond so worry high. That bullook ou tho off:aido of tho polo, tho ono with tho orumplod horn, I oalls him Prosby torian. Ho's tho most out- and-out knowing bullook 'of tlio lot. Tho brindlo in tlio samo yolco with him, ho's Wns- loyan. Ho's nlwuys n-grunting and a-groiin- ing, as if ho was draggiug tlio wholo load. Bless your lifo, sir, lio's not pulling an ounce." — " zEgles," in tho Australasian. The W.M.P. Leaoue.-lA mooting of tho Working Moiib' Protootion Longiio was hold in -Mr. Dilis's Hall lust night. About ono hun dred and twenty nion woro prosont, ovoryono workinon, and tho proooedings, so far as our reporter saw, woro orderly and business-like- Tlio first business dono wns tho uniting over tho roll of subscribing mombors . of tho English brnnoli of tho Longuo, in all sovonty-sovon mon. Aftor this was over, olovon moro individuals ouwo on to tlio platform, subscribed thoir names, and paid 'thoir subscriptions. Aftor thie oumo tho olootion of tho following ofiioers' for tho now yoar : — Ohuirinan, Mr. J. Moulos ; Secretary, Mr. Jomonson ; TroaBiiifor, Mr. ,T. ronbortliy ; Coinmittoo, Messrs. J. Griffin, F. Wuwl A Willri'n A Waa/I .T T.rttir nti/1 .T Johnson. Aftor this a committco was formod of nino mombors from tho English, Gorman, and Danish branchos of tlio Longuo to form a consolidated committco. Resolutions wore sub sequently passed in favour of making tho minimum logal wngo of tho Kanaka eigntoon instead of six pounds per annum. It was also resolved to ask tho magistrato and ratepayers of this town to dischargo tlio Kanaka labourers in thoir employ, in favour of white mon. Tho Longuo dotormincd to momoriulizo tlio Govorn- moot of South Australia to assist in establish ing emigration thoro from this colony, it boing a plaoe whore whito lnbonrors would havo lio blaqks to aoinpoto witli. An advortisoinont oulling a mooting to considor this mnttor Bp- pours in another oolumn. —Wide Ray N6wst January 8. A Colonial Lkqknd. — It is not of ton — says nu English papor — that wo can witness tlio commoncomont of a logond, but tho inhabitants of a small town in Wiltshire hnvo boon fnvorod with a oaso whioh, by '.vory. alight additional might bo worth handing down irom niothor to (lnuglitor for many gonorntions. Many years sinco a labourer wont out to tlio Cape of Good Hodo nnd married tlioroi " Ho rotuniod to England, -but his wifo would not uqoompany him. Ho sont her monoy, but it was returned by tho post-offioo, and :ho was Inforniod that tno woman wns dead. ' Aftor waiting prudontly for many yoars "ho marriod again, nnd lived happily with his sooond wifo. A fow wooks since lio rooeived n lottor from his first wifo, stating tliat bIio was ooming to England to ro- now thoir acquaintanco. By ill Iuok this lottor got into other hands, and tho' uffuir beoamo known in tho vitiligo! Of courso, onoli of tho seven Jiundrod inhabitants was inflamod with curiosity, and put on' a broad grin whonovor tho unlucky husband was' soon. So tormontcd was bo that lio irrovorontly oxprcsscd a wish that ttio Lord would tako liiin. Tlio noxt day ho was sitting in his house, whon ho jumpod up uiid said " Yos, yos," at tho samo timo going to his wifo in tho noxt room. Sho was surprised and said, "I did not call you." Ho answered, " Somo ono oallod nio." Tiiis happened twioo. Tho noxt morning, ns ho was coming homo, ho was struck by lightning and instantly killod. His body was tho first intcrmont in nnowlv- oonsoorntod burying ground. Heroism and Baseness.—" ASgles" writes us follows in tho Australasian Within tho last fow days, tlio following disgrnooful foots oamo to my knowlogo. A young follow, about ninoteon yonrs old, had boon .playing criekot in. tlio Riulimond pnddoolc. As ho was about crossing tho Pmit-roiul, ho obsorvod a oab, containing only u soroaraing child, dragged ut full gallop by a runaway horso. Without any hesitation lio rushed to tho horso's hond, and oliooked its mnd career ; but in doing so he was thrown down . and trodden upon, bv tho horso. Somo person of goutloiunnly appearanco camo up, apparently tho father, of tlio child, took ohiirgo of tlio liorso and vehiolo, and drove off, lonving tho young follow who hnd nobly risked his life lying holplosa on tho road. Tlio doctor found that liis liver. had boon ruptured. Ho lost his omployinont, having boon unable to nocept nnjr other, and it hns cost liis father, who is in humblo oircuinstnncos, £200 for modionl attendance and other expenses attend ant on his illness. Up to this hour ho has novor boon ovon thnukod for tlio. humane not whioh lias cost him so dear. His father adver tised, in ordor thnt tho relatives of tho rescued bhild might, if they ohose, share somo of tho oxponditure, but, as I havo already said, ho has not boon aocorded ovon a formal vote of thanks. If tho Huii.nno Sooiety want to part with a medal, or jf any ufHuont porsons are seized with a burning dosiro to recognise in a practical way tlintjduty wliioh somo ono has so oruolly ncgtoctod, I onn put thom in comuiuiii- ontioii with tho victim of a generous ontlius-' iusm." A Valuable Discovery.'— Twolvo months ago, Mr. Goorgo E. Luudor, of tho Emorald- liill Riding Soliool, mado u vuluablo discovery of a deodoriser, simplo in itsolf nnd wondorfiil in its effects. ,'Tkdr'Age says that it'wns first troutod by. professional men and others with - tlio ooldest indifference, but now> Mr. Lander's- efforts nre about to bo crowned with, sucooss. This week: ho took out a patent for his do - odorisor, , and a number of gontlomon nro now ondonvonring to form a company, nnd .tlioy oifor Mr. Lnudor £1500 for liis patent, and £500 a yoar ns thoir manager. Tho nrtiolo is composed of pnrtiolos of four different Aus- tralinn gum trees. Tho wood is ground down to n powder, and is'so excessively puiigont that it not only koops closots perfoctly clean, but it renders the oxoreta so scontloss that it can bo removed ' nt any time without tlio slightost annoyance to persons in tho neighbourhood. A handful of tho powder is ull that is require to be put into tho olosotB nt ono time, or it oun bo used in tho samo manner us earth iu eurtli- olosots. It 'is- vory light and 'Absorbent in its nature, and a vory small-portion of 'it doodor- isos a largo quantity of exorota. It would do away with night-onrts ontiroly, nnd render tho sowago of towns totally inodorous. It doos not introduoo ono bad odour to onimtni-nnt. n..- othor, ns is tho oaso with- most ohomioals. It is composed ontiroly.of vogetablo innttor, nnd a sufficient quantity of it is to bo had in Aus tralia,, and in Australia alouo, to supply, tho wholo world. .Tho inunuro it. produoos must provo of groat vnluo'to farmers and gardeners, ! doos not scoroli tlio ground as artificial manures do, it will provo tnuoh olioaper. Tho doodorisor itsolf doos not cost more than about throe farthings por woek to- eaoh peraon UBing it, or 4d. -per week for a houso say of six rooms. 