BRISBANE. May 23. PiElUll ENTABY summary. On the Assembly meeting, to-day, after the opening of Parliament by His Excellency, Mr De la Poix Tyrel moved the adoption of the address in reply to the opening Speech. He declared himself to be an independent member, willing to support the Government, but deter mined- to judge measures on their own merits. Mr. M'Lean, who seconded the address, de clared himself to be a liberal supporter of the Government. Mr. | M'll wraith then rose for the purpose of suggesting the adjournment of the debate, but he proceeded to discuss the opening Speech and tbe policy of the Government generally, in condemnatory terms. Mr. Douglas followed with a review of the action taken by the Government. While gene rally approving of their policy, he criticized the appointment of Mr. Graham as Under Secretary for Public Instruction, as a politi. cally immoral act. He considered their rail, way policy tp be fragmentary, and was bound to protest ag&inBt; the omission therefrom of the Maryborough and Gympie line. He also considered their, personal position, in the face of the rumors that were flying about, to be very unsatisfactory. Mr. Macalister briefly explained that the cause of Mr. King's resignation was a differ ence of opinion on the public works policy. Mr. Groom freely criticised Mr. Fryar's ad' ministration of the Lands Department. Mr. Pechey expressed himself dissatisfied with the position of affairs, and also with the administration of Public Lands. Mr. Pettigrew also complained of Mr. Fryar's conduct of the department. The Attorney-General defended the Govern ment, whose Land Bill, he said, was a compre hensive measure. Be also defended Graham's appointment. Mr. Macrossan followed with an amendment to the effect that in view of the public works policy of the Government, this House fails to retain confidence in His Excellency's present advisers. Mr. Bailey seconded the amendment, after which the House adjourned to Tuesday next. Brisbane Races There was a good attendance at the races to- day, the weather being fine. Trial Stakhs. — Gemma di Vergy colt, 1 ; Planet, 2. Louisiana came ia second, but was disquali fied, being found short of weight on going to scale. Produce Stakes —Janitor i ; Young May Moon, 2 ; Comus, 3. Won easily. Bbisbane Handicap.— Irish Stew, 1; May flower, 2 ; Wrangler. 2. Irish Stew was an easy first. \- Epsom Handicap. — G mma di Vergy colt, ?1. t Chance and Nemo ran a dead heat for second place. { ? ? { At the ordinary weekly meeting of the Hos. Ipital Committee, held on Tuesday, monthly {accounts to the amount of- £221 were passed, {and Mr. and.Mre. Thompson, of Stanthorpei 'were appointed wardsman and matron. On Tuesday, before the Police Magistrate, ; Messrs. R. B. Sheridan, and F. Bryant, 'J.J.P., the following adjourned licenses were granted: — Country licenses to R. CummiDgs.' Cross Roads, and William Horton, Gate Hotel, ' Yen /garie, Town licenses to J. S. Johnson, Ballfe rafc Hotel, and Chas. Rabaa, Golden' JLamb. ' The license to the Sussex Arms was refused, the requisite improvements not having been made. A special ^hibit 'of timber made by Messrs. Wilson, Hart and Co. at the latfe ' Agricultural --how. and .to which a.first class prize was awarded,- was fitted ^ from the prize list published in our last, though duly noticed in the previous issue. ' The new immigration barracks have now been completed some time, and handed over to the authoritiesrj^In , their present condition they are. however, perfectly useless for the. purpose for which they are intended. They are without any appliances for cooking purposes, without a water supply, furniture, or necessary conveniences. The ya'rds in connection with the Wards also require to be fenced. A large batch of immigrants are expected any time in July, so that the authorities have but short time in which to render the place habitable. The unusually large number of 311 abori gines assembled at the Custom House yesterday morning, to receive the annual blanket. This number is 227 more than received the bounty on her Majesty's Birthday last year, and includes 162 women and children, and 169 men and - boys. Of these eight were batf-castes. This number, although large, does not necessarily indicate an increase in the population of the district blacks, as it is probable that large numbers have been attracted to 'town by the I prospect of picking up unconsidered trifles at the late 'agricultural show, besides which it is an invariable feature in the history of the ?native race thai as the coaBt' tribes die out, members of the inland tribes are attracted to the centres of settlement from continually in creasing distances to fill ^up the void. A meeting of the Ttfrf Club was held a^ the Royal Hotel, on Tuesday evening, to receiv nominations for. the three handicaps, and to consider the desirability of offering a special piize for a hurdle race. After some discussion, it was decided to have a third day's racing, on Saturday, the 24th June, being the day follow ing those fixed for the annual meeting. On the third day, the first event will be a handicap Hurdle Race of 35 sovs., open to all horses. The conditions of entrance, nominations) height of jumps, etc., will be found in another column. This race will be followed by a prize of 15 sovs., also over, timber, for hacks, and, if possible, by a Farewell Handicap, open to all horses. The following nominations were received by. the Secretary of the Turf Club, subject to the receipt of nominations from Brisbane : — ^ ? Stewards' Plate. B. and S- Moreton's Lothair W. H. Carter's Mirea H K. Adcock's Chance Theo. Wood's Little Dick John PurcfeU's Chieftain — ? v_.IL ] Flying Handicap. | B. . and S. Moreton's Lothair J . F. Kennel ly's Planet John Parcell's Chieftain — ? : ? — IL. Maryborough Turf Club Handicap. G, H. Jones' Pnndit H. and 8. Moreton's Lothair J. F. Kennelly's Planet W. H. Carter's Mirza H. K. Adcock's Chance Theo. Wood's Little Dick ! John Purcell's Chieftain ? IL _ J. Colburn's Erie. The Queensland Times, commenting on some of the speeches at the late Brisbane ban quet is'indignaot at the cool assumption of the Mayor, that ' Brisbane is Queensland'' which would provoke a smile if it were not that it too nearly affects the taxpayers of the colony to be much of a laughing matter. ' The Colonial Treasurer was sitting on his left, and he would promise him an onslaught from the Corporation on his resources to help them over the difficuties that stand in their way, for, as he was a working Mayor, he wished to im prove the city to such an extent that visitors from Sydney, Melbourne, or the old country, could not complain of its dirtiness, as they now j did.' Just so. It never seems to have en tered into the head of this most sapient of Mayors that the residents of Brisbane had any thing to do with getting rid of the filth of their town. No : the whole colony must be called on to pay for cleansing the gutters and taking | away tbe sewage, the odours from which now assail so strongly the noses of visitors. Fancy the derision which such a proposal would call forth if made by' the' Mayor of Ipswich, or Maryborough or Bockhampton !' '? The Queen's - Title Bill' about which is much has been written, originated, itseeni8,in motives very different fro in those wide consid erations -of rolicy assigned by* Mr. Distae-L A London correspondent of the Australasian thus bints at what is stated to be the real origin of the measure. It is said, and I be lieve with truth, jthat the Queen is anxious to get the consent of Parliament to her calling herself Express of India, in order to put a stop to the family quarrel which the suscepti bilities of the Dochtss of Edinburgh set going immediately on her arrival in England, and which continues to disturb the serenity of the Court atmosphere. The Duchess persisted in claiming a precedence as ' Imperial High ness,' which the position of* a younger brother's wife ^did not allot to her, and though it was not granted, the point was not ciear to all minds. Now, if all the princes and prin cesses are to be 'Imperial Highnesses,' the position quo ante will be restored to its original simplicity. Meanwhile, the Duchess of Edinburgh has gone back to her own coun tiy, and the mo e congenial atTOiphere of a Court where an ' Imperial Highness' means a goo 1 deal more than the adoption of the title will never make it. The Bundaberg papers report that on Mon day, the 15th instan,t a n eeting was held at the European Hotel for the purpose of fuither ing the desirable obj ct of forming ab anch of the Independent Order of Oddfellows in that town. Mr. J,. C. Walker presided, and about fifteen others were present. The secretary pro tem , Mr, r. Buckley, read a communication received from Mr. uhningham, secretary of the * aryborongh Lodge, stating that in order to obtain a dispensation it would be necessary to forward an application signed by at least twelve intending members, together wiih the 6um of eight pounds to defray the expense, and that Mr. M. C. Coffey wo- Id be competent to give medical assistance to the members sub ject to the approval of Dr Power. After some conversation on the subject it was proposed by Mr. Wal'er Scott and seconded by Mr. F. H. Stidolph : ' That the secietary by requested to communicate with ' r. Sewe 1, and also with Mr. * unningham, with a view to ascer tain what expense would be incurred in arranging with a medical man to. visit the town and examine intending members.' This motion was put snd carried without op position. It . was arranged that the next meeting should be held on Fiiday — the 26th instant. The following statement, , which transpired at the last meeting .of tbe Brisbane Chamber of Commerce, as ^reported in the. Courier, has, we believe, a special Interest for many occn pants of leasehold property in Maryborough : -t-Mr. Stewart said it had become known to him-that hardship had been felt in fcome cases by tenants renting houses by lease tinder the provisions of tjie Real Property Aotj -because, . ; under clauses. 7i-) -and 75, it was implied that they were, in the evep£.of .'\hejprenjiBe8 th' ey occupied being sttea^.'iiBble to re-erect the .sBme atrtti.0r\diyii fc.. st, pnd continue payinprjt^e. fea^eieSt a8;'.before their premises werp destroye ;., He iristfehced three | ca-es of- this ti&ttiije;^-one at J^wen, another at ? Gympie, aid' the^/third in Brisbanej ind' in' connectiotf! with the latter j said that a tenant- was burnt out of a wooden 1 tenement, which he was about^to re-conetruct of the same material, Ivhen .the Corporation stepped in and told hitii he could not do so ; it being a first-class allotment He must-put op a brick or stone building. In such cases the i landlord would get a much better building than he had let, and the tenant would be put to great loss and inconveuience. The opinions of several At orney-Generals had been taken, and all agreed that the tenants were liable by implication in the clauses referred, but thought the liability might be obviated by agreement between the parties making a lease. He con cluded by moving — ' That the Chairman com municate with the Attorney General, and request that he will embody in the Bill to Amend the Real Property Act introduced by him last session a clause to exempt buildi'-gs leased under the Act from the implied cove nant which makes it compulsory on tbe tenant, if called upon by the landlord, to rebuild and pay rent while being rebuilt. And that he will re-introduce the bill this session,'— After a brief discussion the motion was seconded by Mr. Donkin, and carried without a diBseutieut voice. This Queenslander's travelling correspon dent, writing from Btindabeig, gives the fol lowing instance of the abuses to which our land and forest laws are subject, when left to the administration of petty officials : — A poor man, a Dane, took up a homestead in the Bingera scrub ; went to work clearing, planting, and fencing. His capital was small, and so were hi6 returns for several seasons. To eke out a meagre livelihood he felled some timber on hi6 selection, and, before he could dispose of it, it was seized by the authorities on the ground that ' it was said the man had not complied with the residence clause.' There: was, how ever, no evidence of non-compliance, the rent had been duly paid each year, and the farm was not — and has not yet been — gazetted as forfeited. A clause of the Timber- Licensing Act was then tortured into meaning that a man must have a license to cut timber for sale on his own selection. - It never struck them how absurd it must be on the face of it to allow, or rather to insist upon, the destruction of timber by fire, while making penal the turn ing it into money — i e-, to good and profitable uses ; but, unhappily for the official, the man held.a license. What, then, was to be done ? Were the local Dogberries to be beaten ? Hoist with their own petard ? Never 1 They were equal to the occasion. They found out that the homestead had been taken up by the unhappy man before he had been two years in Queensland, and, forgetting the fact of the license, they argued that the victim, having no right to the land, had clearly no right to the timber. - Q E D. The point of this is not so much the seizure of the timber (though that seems a tyrannical stretch of officious authority) as the forfeiture of the land ; for half the settlers in tbe Bin gera scrub, or a large percentage of them, hold their laud on the same tenure as the hero of the foregoing story ; that is to say, they are neither more nor lsss than trespassers 'on Crown lands, who may be ejected at the pleasure and caprice of the Minister for Lands for the time being. Tbe enormity of the offence of premature settlement is, of course, patent to every impartial person, bot one would tbink that the offence was condoned by the acceptance - of rent for years. True patriots, however, will not object to a course of action by which the country manages to have its cake and eat it to retain not only the land itself, as well as the price of it, but also to reap the benefit of a few years' improvement on resumption, and this is probab y the view taken by these who seized the timber. Danish . and German immigration should be remunera tive on terms like these. Remabkable Hobse Accident. — On the 3rd i'Stant (reports th e Newcastle Pilot), & horse and buggy the property of Mr. W. K. Lochhead, were standing iu the Btablc-yard above Mr Lochhead 's residence on the hill, having just returned from town, when an in experienced groom who was in charge unwisely took the ' winkers' off the hoise's head, and thereby caused serious disaster, resulting ia the destruction of the buggy and the death of tbe animal, a favorite mare which- Mr. Loch head had driven 89fely for five years. It appears no sooner were the wiukers removed than the animal began to stare round, took fright, and, before his egre s could be stopped, darted out of Jhe yard, and sped down the street at a furious pace. On neaiing Mr. Lochhead's house the animal swerved and carried the buggy full tilt against the corner of the garden wall, and next against an ad joining lamp-post with such force as to turn the buggy over. The mare then began to plunge, broke loose, and, with pieccs of the I broken shafts dangling after her, tore with lightning speed past the front uf the house and over the hill in the direction of the bogy bole, j On -neaiing the cliffs, aud coming within Eight i the sea, it is probab. e the affrighted creature : would have s opped or turned in another direc tion, but it is supposed the impetus gained i-) descending the slope of the hill preveuted her, and consequently she fell over on to the rocks below and of course was killed. The buggy j was completely smashed up, with tbe excep tion of the body frame. j We learn from the Courier that a new map of the northern portion of the Wide Bay and Burnett district has just been issued by the Land Department. This is a compilation of surveys up to date, extending from the Ms Biver on the sonth to the mouth of the Kolan River on the north, aud stretching westward to a north and 6outh line, including Mouat j Perry district. Tbe course of the lower Bur nett and of the Kolau River are shown with all the various selections on their banks. By a glance at this map one is enable'! to per ceive the details of selection in the neighbor hood of Pundabt-rg on the resumed portions of tbe Barolin, Tantitha. Hinge a, and KoUn ruus ; and the entire route to Mouut Perry is shown, together with the extens've group of mineral selections at the latter place. The unalienated are is, and a!so the halves of runs which still remain unresume'i, are readily distinguishable. The m*p is on a scale of two miles to an inch, and cannot fail to prove of the greatest convenience to settlers and otheis interested in the district, as previous maps have necessarily become incomplete as settlement has progressed. This is o-ie of the series which is steadily b ing prcpar. d by the Lands Office, and both as regards complete ness of detail and clearness of execution, re flects great credit on th*t department. 