News of tlie World'. SCRAPS. : Sir Anthony ftothschild has left the immense fortune of ,£10,000,000. The kingdom of Burmah is at last to have a journal. The King himself is to be chief reductenr land proprietor. A hat made of human hair, ahd in tended for gentlemen's wear, is one of tbe most curious contributions to a Chilian exhibition. The Dublin Hospital Sunday Collec tion has this year reached £3850 — £300 above last year's collection. ' The loss to the county of Somerset during the past year through foot and tnbnth disease is reported at £150,000. ' In the course of the past year upwards of 2200 publications were registered in iRnorlaiirl nf wliinh 3ii77 wpw- nfiw hnnlm. ? te — — -- — ? ? ? ? ? ? } 1330 new editions, and 311 American importations. : The woman Boyon, who killed six of lier children and one grandchild, by sticking needles into their bodies, has been executed at Bourg. — Paris Corres pondent. Her Majesty's ship Devastation, now at Patras, ia watched by crowds, who expect to see her go under water and Come up again, it having been rumored that she has the power of doing so. ; Upwards of 20,000 likenesses of the Prince of Wales, executed by the stu dents of the industrial Art School, have been sold in Calcutta, at one pice each. An alarming outbreak of canine mad ness, of the nature of an epidemic, is re ported from middle Fran coma, Bavaria. The districts where tbe disease prevails most are Schwabach, Gunzenhaiisen, Beilngries, Furth, and iTeustadt. About 50 persons have been bitten in a very short space of time. A curious discoveiy has been made, impeaching the originality of Sheridan as an author. From^papera. left by_him self it appears that it was his mother who wrote '? The Rivals,' or rather a play of which The Rivals is partly a copy, and partly an imitation. The play was at first called 'The Trip to Bath,' and the names of the characters are different, Mrs. Malaprop having been originally Tryfort, but the plot and language are but slightly altered. It is not at all un likely that Mrs. Sheridan had a hand in the School for Scandal also. Some of the Polish papers state that the Pope has addressed an autograph letter to the Emperor of Russia, severely reproaching him for the forcible conver sion of the Uniate Catholics in Poland. The Pope, one paper says, 'threatens the whole Imperial family with the chas tisement of the Lord, and concludes by summoning the Czar before 'the judgment of God and of history. Tim letter was handed to the Emperor by a high-born person when the St. George's feast was celebrated at St. Petersburg,' Tn a. -1 Wino+i-1i ?fWim fif. Poforokn **rr if. is stated that, in addition to the princi pal treaty between Russia and Japan for the cession by the former of the Kurile Islands in Exchange for the southern piirt of Saghalien, a special agreement has been concluded stipulating that the aborigines of the respective territories who do not immigrate, and also the Rus sian and Japanese inhabitants, shall bave full rights of property in' the Kurile and Saghalien Islands, and enjoy complete religions liberty. Japanese subjects, I however, are prohibited from remaining I permanently in Russian territory, and vice versa, without changing their nation ality.' The aborigines are allowed a period of three years to elect the nation ality to which they will belong. A Copenhagen correspondent, writing on the 5th instant, says ?: — The Dagbladet publishes to-day a report from the cap-, tain of the Danish schooner Lucinde, in which he ptates that on the 2nd of last month, about noon, and within four; English miles of the fortress of Gibraltar, his ship was hailed by a boat, which, when it came alongside and had got a line on board, turned out to contain an armed crew ot nine men, looking like thorough pirates. Some of the crew tried to get on board the schooner, but the captain let go the line, when the crew in the boat began firing at the schooner, and it was later found out that five balls had pierced the mainsail, one through the mainstay sail, and two more entered other parts of the ship. The captain adds that the day was clear, and it was impossible that the occurrence should not have been witnessed from Gibraltar. This, it appears, is only one of several attempts at piracy, occurring lately in the Straits of Gibraltar within British jurisdiction, complained of in the j Scandinavian papers. | Intelligence from Buenos Ayres to the j 8th of January, respecting the late/ Indian raids, states that the Indians had : been driven back in the south, but that the terror they inspired had not disap peared. The main body of the marau ders, the Pampa tribes, who it appears were aided by 3000 lances from Arau cania, were overtaken by Colonel White, who recovered 160,000 head of cattle and killed some of the Indians. The number of white men killed and wounded is variously reported from twelve to one hundred men. The latest accounts stated that the Minister of War was at Azul pushing on the puisuit of the marauders, | The number of wild beasts destroyed in Algeria between 1867 and 1873 was 6195, or about 1000 annually. ' The number appears large, but it is much less when from :he number is deducted 5579 jackals and 281 hyaenas ; the latter is a cowardly animal, and little to be feared, while the former is only a sort of inoffensive dog-fox. The really danger ous beasts of prey were 87 lions and 248 . Til A 'jWlllllftti nrAKA m12 yqiiwiP.o» xuo lutuici oiuiuou all found in the province of Cohstantina, the share of which of panthers was also 198, of hyaenas 190, and of jackals 2819. In fine, of 6105 animals destroyed, 3278 were in that division of the French terri tory, 2628 in the province of Algiers, and only 289 in that of Oran. 