LATER ENGLISH'NEWS. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.! The R.M.S. Avoca, bringing an extra mail, with dates to 7th January, arrived off Glenelg at half-past 11 o'clock on Friday night The following are the letters of our London correspondents , transmitted by telegraph from Ade- laide : HISTORY OF TILE FORTNIGHT^ (rUOM OOB OWN O0REB8P0NIIEMT.) LONDON, JAW. 7. THE TURKISH QUESTION. The new year has opened quietly. Aa far a» the last fortnight is concerned, the temple of Janus might be closed, and the whole world lapped in profonnd peace. The dis» quieting rumours of the past few months have been huBhed. The knotty questions of diplomacy bave been shelved, and there hoe been nothing to disturb our enjoyment of the festive seaaon. The sun which shone out on Christmas Day with the lustre of spring' time, Buch aa we have rarely known, might be taken to cast the glow of "good- will" over all things. Bat the aspect of Europe ia not really changed. This quiet interval has been rather one of suspended action than of final settlement. Perhaps it bas been in part due to the domestic fes- tivities, against which even politicians and journalists are not proof. Perhaps, still more, to the fact that the intervention of winter is a check to military movomouts, and that rumour, therefore, ia silent, or takes a different form, We may, however, still believe that matters are shaping themaolvea to a pacific issue, although in what specific form is uncertain, and the difficulties to be encountered still are many. The recent fixman of the Sultan will not close the Turkish question. After some postponement the note of Count Andraesy, containing the Austrian project of pacification for the insurgent dis- tricts of the Turkish empire, has received the approval of the Russian and German Court«, and has been sent to London, Paria, and Rome. It la understood that this scheme applies only to the disturbed provinces, and ia therefore less comprehensivo than that of the Porte ; but whatever tho nature of the reforms proposed, whether by the Porte or the great powers, the one point on which the question really turns is how they shall be enforced-by what guarantees the dead letter of promise shall be made to bear the fruit of actual good government. Lord , Stratford de Redcliffe-than whom no Eng i lisliman is more entitled to speak, for bo knew Turkey, aa The Times saya, before the great majority of bia contemporaries wera , born, and quitted it only a few years agc, to be identified more than any living Btates I man with the integrity and independence of | the Ottoman empire-baa addressed an ira ? portant letter to that journal, in which he combats the idea that England ought to leave Turkey alone na "a groat »and hazardous mistake." Ho urge? that among the Turkish statesmen there aro some who, in spite of their religious prejudices and defective knowledge, have sagacity enough to feel their wants, and prudanco enough to bend rather than to broak under the force of reasonable pressure. Nor are the Sultau'a Mussulman subjects so unmanageable as to give serious alarm. Further, tho ohief powers have an interest in Turkey, because "ita struggles for life and tho agonies of its dissolution could not fail to throw all Europe** into a state of hurtful agitation, if not into one of general hostilities. For England to . be an idle onlookor would be a virtual abdi- cation of her high position and its attendant duties, degrading, and dangerous." -" Wat on one sido, and an injurious dismemberment of Turkey on the other,"says Lord Stratford d8 Redcliffe, " may, I urge, bo avoided by British influence exercised from a Buitablo position. If the three northern powers are left to themselves, they will of course bo guided by their own views. There is no reason to rais truBt Russia at present, but RuBsia is never- theless one of the same triumvirate which partitioned Poland, and tho retirement of England might be taken as bor oppor- tunity." The objects of our policy should be "peace, tho support of Turkey, its administration, and in particular its financial improvement, and the equality of all classes of its population." So far, the votoran states- man seems to stand upon the same ground which he so ably occupied before tho Crimean war and in the negotiations that followed, but in what comos noxt the altered cir- cumstances appear. What are the means towards those ends ! "A superior ten" dency of mixed organisation internally, and a joint convention at pressure from without" These measures reduced to a system "would doubtless amount to a tutelage ; hut tho Turkish empire has long been virtually in that state which, if it had been steadily, as of right, enforced," would have saved the Porte from its present embarrassments." Lord Stratford do Red- cliffe holds that an intervention of this kind would not only promote the welfare ot Turkey, but avert the risks of a general war, and save some of tho states of Europe from the injurious effects of a rival's special aggran- disement. It remains to be seen whether the disgust of Turkish tyranny and mist ule which is deeponing in the English mind can be removed by any system which ia less than the virtual overthrow of Mohammedan rule. From Constantinople, wo hear that the Sultan bimBelf ia becoming unpopular, and also that trouble baa been occasioned by the urgent desire of one party to crush the insur- rection by immediately declaring war with Montenegro. Tho Turkish army numbers 100,000 troops, and is larger than in the time of tho Crimean war, but it is ill-provided in all departments. Loud complaints are now mado of the miser- able manner in which it has been recently served by American contractors with bad weapons aud shoddy. The in- surgents of Bosnia havo in the meantime been holding secret meetings on a large scale for the purposes of deliberation, and BIIOW . no signs of surrendering their anns.' Im- mense effort« have been made in other dis- tricts to collect the Imperial taxes in order to meet financial demands, but the exactions and severities practised will react as much against the Porto as punctuality in its pay- ments would strengthen it. EGYPTIAN FINANCE. Mr. Cave had scarcely commenced his work in Egypt before there carno rumours of aerioua (disagreements between him and the Khedive of sufficient consistency to up. eet the equilibrium of our own Stock Ex- change. The fact that Unbar Pacha, the Foreign Minister, who it waa believed had had most to do with the English mission, had resigned, seemed to indicate that some, thing was wrong, but the explanation Bince given is that this eminent statesman, who hold tho portfolio of Commerce as well as of. Foreign" Affairs, waa requested by tho Khedive to give up the former to Raoheb Pacha, and resigned, feeling that such a chango would tond to much diminish his authority. We are now informed that the relations between the Khedive and Mr. Cave are moat cordial, but some things havo occurred which are not wholly satisfactory, when considered In relation to future contingencies. It Is said that Mr. Cave when he bogan his inves- tigations was presented only with gross results, and asked at once for the details of the general ctatêmenta that were laid before him. The Khedive was much surprised and displeased at thiB apparent want of confi- dence in the Egyptian accounts, but had too much good senBO to allow hia wounded feel- ing the rein, and soon came to understand that the physician must know all if he ia to effect a cure. Tho facts which are daily coming under review make it probable that he cannot gain more than temporary relief from the £4,000,000 which recently fell into his hands. The rumour that M. de Lesseps had bought the Khedive's founder's shares is now explained to mean that he baa agreed to mKke an advance of £2,000,000 for two years on the security of these shares at 9 per cent, interest. These termB show the nature of the ciisis, but it la not by spasmodic accom- modations that it will really bo surmounted. The fellahBare among the poorest of people, but tbey have to bear the heaviest of taxa- tion, arid there can be no thorough financial reform which docs not take account of their , necessities. The expenditure, on the 'other hand, is out of proportion to the revenue proper of the country. There aro the subsidised opera-housos, and other personal items which seem out of place, and the tribute paid to the Porte-or " back e"heesb," as it has been called-is no light burden, as' witness such a detail as the fol- lowing, from the last budget :-" Payment on account for a man-of-war, to be pre sented to the Sultan, £100,000." -'The larger ambitions of the Khedive have drawn also upon his resources. The grand scheme of the Souvan Railway, for example, is estimated to cost £4,000,000 sterling, and already a considerable portion of the expense has been incurred. It is a romantic project which carries the whistling locomo- tive past the ancient temples of civilisation, beyond the upper waters of the Nile, and over deserts and rocky mountains as far as Khartoum, which ia the converging point of the camel routes for the porta of the Red Sea and the White Hill district and regions southward This line may be. said to commence at the point where ordinary travellers cease their explorations ; but, according to The Times, it is part only of a great plan foran extension of the Egyptian railway system so as to con- nect the Mediterranean with the southern end ofgtho Red Sea. This achieved, what might be the fate of the Suez Canal 1 THE SUEZ CANAL. The views expreBsed by Lord Hartington o» our Egyptian policy have found a bolder exponent in Sir William Harcourt, who alone has attempted to enliven the politics of the closing year. He addressed his constituents at .Oxford almost on ita last day, and on the principle that the nation is happy whose annals are dull, congratulated them on being citizens of the most fortunate kingdom in the world. In a vivacious strain he reviewed the conduct of the Government at home and abroad, and lurgo Bpace in bia com- ments was occupied by the Suez Canal business, which, ho said, "had been com- pletely changed in its aspect sinco the speech of the Foreign Secretary. .¿Up to that time a sort of glamour had invested a very plain business with the unnatural haze that dis. torts the true proportion of things. Thero was something Asiatic in this mysterious mélodrame. It was like the thousand and one nights, when in the midst of the fames of incense a Bundo wy genie astonished the bewildered spectators, (Laughter.) The public mind was dazzled, fascinated, mysti. fied. We had done we did not know exactly what. We were not told pre. eisely wby. Omne ignotium pro magnifico. The Government maintained an imposing and perplexing silence, but our daily and weekly instructors gave free rein to their imagination. The Eastern question had been settled by a coup d'état ou the Stock Ex- change, and Turkey waa abandoned to her -fate. Egypt was all but annexed, The bulls of~ England had vanquished the bears of Russia. (A laugh.) Moab was to be our wash pot, and over Edom we had cost our shoe. ? (Cheers and a laugh.) France and M. de Lesseps were confounded. We wore very great people. We had dono very big * things, and to consummate the achieve- ment a satrap from Shoreham, attended by a plump of financial janissaries, \- waa despatched to administer the Bubjoct * provinces of the English protectorate on the Nile. (Laughter.) We all of us felt some six inchea taller than before. We spread our tails like peacocks to the BUD, and were as pleased aa children at our soap babble, iri- descent' with many hues ; but all of a sudden the beautiful vision melted away. The Egyptian mirage evaporated, and the great political phantasmagoria faded like a dis solving view. Lord Derby was a grear< master of prose, and he had translated the Eastern romance into most pedestrian English. He repudiated with Boom the idea that England aspired to an Egyptian pro- tectorate. What had really been accom- plished was a very ordinary affair. The Khedive had certain shares in the Suez Canal. So far from being ambitious to get hold of them, Lord Derby would have much preferred that the ruler of Egypt should have kept them in his own hands, but as he found himself obliged to part with them the English Government found it better to pur- chase them than to let them go elsowhere. They bad acquired them not to give England any Bpecial or prédominent foreign influence, nor to secure any exclusive advantage, but to keep open a communication for the benefit of all which to Englagd was of supreme im- portance-(cheers)-and with these explana- tions, tendered on the good faith of an English Minister, upon the credit of which Lord Derby justly relied, he told us that the European powers were amply satis- fied, and so the nina days' wonder was over, the enchantment was at an end, the chariot of Cinderella relapsed into its origin, pumpkins and mico. (Much laughter.)" Proceeding to criticise our bargain, Sir Wil- liam asked bow the possession of the shares wonld enable us to do moro than we could havo done without them, " What we really want ia not a locus standi to remonstrate, for that we bavo always had. What ia essential ia an effective power to enforce our remonstrance if need should arise. And what has to be explained is how this pur- chase gives that power. The power to in- terfere will depend not upon your commer- cial interest, bat upon your naval force. I have always thought that the Elstern ques- tion, BO far as English interests are con \- cerned, reduces itself to a very simple dilemma. Either we have the maritime command of the Mediterranean, and there our influence and our interest ore secure, or we have not, and then nothing else we «an do will secure thom. This was the keystone of Lord Palmerston's policy in 1840. He sent the British fleet to Acre, not aa a proprietor of shares, but as tho Minister of England. (Cheers.) Without a fleot your shares are useless, and with a fleet they would Beem superfluous." THE NEW PEERS. Mr. Disraeli has signalised the season b? distributing a few new peerages. The Duke of Richmond takes the extinct dukedom of Gordon, although he already inherits the titles of Duke of Lennox and Dae Aubigny in France. The Earl of Aber. gavenny ia raised to the dignity of a mar qnisate. Lord Wharncliffe becomes an earl, .and the Earl of Erne, representative of the Orange family of Crichton, will henceforth sit in the Houao of Lords as an English peer, and not aa a representa- tive peer for Ireland. Of the four commonere raised to the Upper House, two are county members-Mr. J. R. Ormsby Gore for North Staffordshire, and Mr. Gerrard Sturt for Dorset. A third, Mr. Tolmache, of a family whoso pedigree dates before the Conquest, resigned his seat for West Cheshire two years ago in favour of his son ; and the fourth ia Sir R. T. Gerard, a -Roman Catholic baronet of high position in Lancashire. The death of Earl Stanhope, one of the moat literary of our peers, will "make a vacancy in East Suffolk by the elevation of Xord Mahon, his successor. THE VICE-ROYALTY OF INDIA. The announcement that Lord Northbrook will retire from tho Vice-royalty of India dnring the coming spring took the publia by surprise, but it appears that e.t the end of last Bummer he intimated that he did not feel able to sustain the heavy laboura of hia office during another summer. In recognition of his services aa earldom has been oonferred upon him. In the meantime the progress of the Prince of Wales through India is followed with con- siderable interest. The scenes in the arena at Baroda have stirred a murmur of dissatis- faction, but on the whole the country has been gratified both by the manner of his bearing and his disposition. Lord Lytton, who is now ambassador at Lisbon, has been appointed to succeed Lord Northbrook. He is now in the full strength of his years, and is not much moro than 40. Although utterly unknown in Eng- lish political life, he ia experienced in the circlea of diplomacy, having served in vari- ous capacities at many of the European courts. The selection ia bold, but public opinion rather approves than distrusts Mr. Disraeli's confidence. Aa your readers will remember, Lord Lytton is the only child of Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton, who is still moro widely known by his literary fame than by the peerage which it obtained for him. The son had no small portion of the father's brilliant powers, and early obtained a place of his own in literature under the title of Owen Meredith. CONTINENTAL NOTES. The French Assembly waa prorogued on the lost day of the old year. It waa a virtual dissolution, but the Assembly retains a formal existence by ita permanent com- mittee, according to the law, until the assembling of the new Chambers, The Due d'Audriffret Pasquier, as President, dis- missed the Assembly with an appropriate speech, in which he briefly recalled some of the incidents of the last five years, and the difficulties they had surmounted, after which the deputies separated. Those of the Left shouted " Vive la Republique !" and those of the Right "Vive la France !" It had been previously decided that the senators to be elected should be chosen on the 30th January, and the new deputies under the new law on February 20, and that the new Assembly of the two Houses should meet on March 8. The attitude of tho Government in the last days of the session has excited some dis- quietude On Christmas Eve M. Buffet made a speech in which he declared that Marshal M'Mahon wonld never serve the Radicals or become the agent of subversive passions, and called upon all Conservatives to rally to his aide. It afterwords oosed out that thePresidenthad written to M. Buffet, and congratulated him on having so distinctly defined the Conserva, tivea, to whom the Government appealed, and this fact gave fresh umbrage to the partisans of the Left. The lost legacy of the Assembly ia a press law of very stringent character, by which journalists are made liable for many offences to the police tri- bunal, and will be tried without a jury, Paris, Vorsaillcs, Lyons, and Marseilles re- main in a state of siege, but Algeria has been exempted in consequence of the representa- tions of the Governor of that colony. All parties are now eagerly preparing for the contest before them. The Orleans princes have decided in family council not to enter the now Assembly. The Due D' Autnale has intimated to the electors of the Oise that he is returing to his military duties. The Prince de Joinvllle has issued a letter still more explicit Both imply that they have faded in their hope to re-establish constitu tntional monarch, and now stand aside. The Due de Nemoursand the Dae de Chartres have taken a similar course. This retire- ment, however, is not a resignation of claims. By some politicians it iffregorded afl preparative to a new movement by which, in due course, one of the family might reach the presidential chair. The advent of the New Year has been marked in Spoin by the issue of a royal decree convoking the Cortes for the 15th of February. It is just two years since the memorable coup d'ital of General Pavia, which dispersed the Constituent Assembly. The new decree states that the elections will be by universal endrogo, but intimates that there will be a change in the electoral law, The future must, however, depend upon the Cortes itself. The programme of the Govern ment ia conceived apparently in a spirit of conciliation, and steers clear of the reac tionary policy which but lately threatened the new monarchy. Don Carlos still has from fifty to sixty thousand men in the field. Great preparations are being made to take the field against him as soon as the winter allows. BURNING OF THE WARSPITE. We are doing our best to set the Thames on fire. The most startling incident of the present month has been the destruction of another training ship on the river. The Worspite was an old man-of-war, in posses- sion of the Marine Society, and fitted out by them for the training of our lads as sailors. There were some 170 boys, all in bed, on Sunday night, when about 1 o'clock smoke was perceived by those on watch to be coming from tho cockpit It quickly filled the lower deck, and it soon became ap- parent that the ship was on fire. The boys qnickly rallied to the call of discipline, but all efforts to extinguish the flames were un- availing. The Warepite was lying off Charlton pier, near Woolwich, and only some GO yards from the shore. All manner of help was quickly at hand, and all on boord were rescued without injury, but the flames burnt all night through. The masts fell, and nothing remained at lost but a smoking hull. This catastrophe, following within a fortnight of| the burning of the Goliath, if an accident is most remarkable, but the suspicion of in- cendiarism la strong, and a reward has been offered to bring out the fact, It is said that two lads were seen coming up from the cockpit just before the smoke appeared, but the evidence is confused, the chief officer of the ship alleging that the hole through which they are said to havo come was not large enough for thom to have put their heads through, and suggesting that the story was invented through timidity. An inquest into the circumstances attend- ing the losa of life in connexion with the Goliath has been held. The bodies of four lads havo been recovered, but the master has not yet been found. The evidence makes it clear that the fire originated in the lamp-room, as at first reported, by the upsetting of a petroleum lamp. The gallant conduot of the boys and of all on board has been much eulogised. The Dean of Westminster mado them the subject of a discourse to children in Weat* minster Abbey, on Innocenta' Day, pointing the moral of their example -, and Mr. Ten- nis!, in Punch, has taken the same theme to show what society moy make by means of training ships out of the refuse of its Btreets. The investigation into the wreck of the Deutschland has happily removed the re- proach which hung over the Harwich boat- men. It is clearly shown that there was no invasion of the doomed ship by wreckers, no plunder or mutilation of bodies, and that all was done to help which could be reasonably attempted. COLONIAL TOPICS. LONDON, JAN. 7. THE BREAD RIOTS IN MONTREAL. The disturbances that have recently taken place at Montreal, created by men who stated that they were without employment and were starving, have been much dis- cussed. In England our colonies are looked upon as so universally prosperous, although times of comparative depression may occa sionally come round, that it was thought that danger of starvation to any portion of the population was out of the question. When the telegram first arrived giving a brief account of tho occurrences at Montreal, it was feared that the pleasant illusion which we had been labouring undor was about being dispelled, Fuller particulars, however, showed that tho bread riots were certainly not occasioned by any dread of starvation, but that other influences had been at work. The rioters certainly had pillaged sundry bakers' carts, but the contents were not eaten, but were used as missiles. The contents of a brewer's van were more to their taste. The home papers generally have condemned tho principal authorities for pandering to the mob, and not using sufficient vigour to check the riot at the outset The Times indeed takes the authorities to task for allowing the mob in Montreal to get the upper hand, as it had done in former days at New York, and shows that by weakly yielding on the question of a vacci nation act and dilly- dallying on the occasion of the Guibord affair, they had paved the way for what has since happened. Mr. Mac- kenzie, the Premier, waa appealed to by the Council, apparently with the object of throw- ing the onus of dealing with the matter on the Central Government, but he declined, aud pointed out to the city authorities what their duty was. The upshot was tbatthoao who really wanted work wero given it at 60 cents a day, and the num- ber who availed themsolves of this offer showed how really small a proportion of the rioters were in want of employment. It was noticed, too, that the majority were French Canadians, and it is surmised that the ill-feeling still prevailing in connexion with the Guibord case has had much to do with occasioning the disturbance. One thing was very apparent, and that was that it was not English emigrants who were the offenders, and yet it would not have been wonderful if they had been, judging from a letter written at Woodstock, Ontario, on the 23rd December, which appoared in yesterday's Daily News. The writer says, "The amount of misery and destitution suffered at this in- clement Beoson by British immigrants is ap- palling. There is not sufficient employment of any kind, even for the natives. The false représentations regarding the abundance of work and the prosperity of the country should be made public in every town in the British Isles, in order to prevent men from becoming victims of poverty and misery." He then contrasts the condition of immigrants in Australia and New Zealand, and strongly recommends all would-be emigrants to pro- ceed to the antipodes. There is no doubt that emigration to Canada is not an unenvied benefit to those who go in for it, and a step just taken by the Government of the Dominion leads us to conclude that they are going to encourage it for the present, it having been announced that they arc about doing away with the ofllce of agent-general, held by Mr. Jenkins, author of (Jinx's Baby, and M.P. for Dandee. The paragraph, apparently ex cathedra, that went the round of the press on the morning the announcement was made, intimated that for the agent- generalship would be substituted an emigration office presided over by an emigration clerk, and that this office would not be accepted by Mr. Edward Jenkins, M.P. The Morning Advertiser, re- presenting the licensed victuallers' interest, has naturally no predilection for such afulus Achates OB Sir Wilfrid Lawson, and in alluding to the matter suggested to Mr. Jen- kins, who is a strong advocate for disestab- lishment, &c;, that henceforth he would be able to speak feelingly on the question, The real reason for the Btep is not known, but many think that the appointment will, after a seasonable delay, be revived in the person of some other gentleman in fact, that it ia a quiet way of shelving Mr, Jenkins, who baa not the art of rendering himself all things to all men. "THE TIMES" SUMMARIES AND THE COLONIE8. An interesting publication was issued from The Times office at the commencement of the month, being the reprint of the annual sum- maries that have appeared on the last day of the year for the quarter of a century just ended. There are in the volume about COO pages, and it ia curious to note how small a space is occupied by colonial references, not 20 pages being devoted to them, though it is fair to remark that of lato years the allusions are far more frequent than in the first por- tion of the 25 years. In the year 1851 the colonies are passed without notice. In 1852, however, we are told that "Emigration has set in to our Australian colonies, in addition to the transatlantic current, with unprece- dented force. Vessels cannot be found to be too large or too swift, and a new class of emigrant ahips has come into existence, to be replaced in ita turn by one much larger. Not to insist for ever or exclusively on the benefits of free trade, the immediate course of this extraordinary movement by land and sea is the daily-increasing dis- covery of the Australian gold-fields. The vastest treasure ever yet accumulated by man has been this year in the vaults of the Bank of England, but it is no more than tha annual crop of gold reaped by a few thousand Englishmen from the valleys and mountain sides of a remote colony. From 1852 to 1859 was a long era, pregnant with great results to the Australian colonies, but it was not until the latter year that The Times deemed reference necessary in its annual summary to your existence. Even then half a dozen lines were sufficient We read:-"The gold discoveries, in addi tion to their direct action on the currency, have creatednew marke tsforEngliah products atjtbe antipodes. Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand are flourishing and loyal com- munities, esc." Between 1860 and 1875 thore were only four years, during which no allusion was made to the condition of the colonies. In the summary for the year just ended half a column is devoted to the colonial empire, though scarcely connected with the colonies, except as the favourite route to Australia. It is of interest to compare the references to the Suez Canal in The Times in the sum- mary for the year 1859. Commenting on the fact that during a portion of the year the re- lations between France and England had been unsatisfactory, it says:-"At thia moment the French Government is pushing on with extraordinary zeal the suspicions project of an impracticable Suez canal." In the preface to the volume before me, speak- ing of the events of the quarter of a oentury, we read :-"It has seen the commencement, the completion, and now the practical requi- sition by our own country of perhaps the grandest mutual work ever achieved by man -the canal which divides continents and unites the Northern and Southern Oceans," THE PACIFIC MAIL SERVICE. Yesterday there was a large gathering of colonists and others chiefly connected with the shipping interest on board the Australia, the second of the two large steamera built on the Clyde for the Pacific mail service. The Australia is a sister ship to theZealandia (which latter name, by-the-byo, the Telegrapli to-day describes as uncouth). The Australia's dimensions are 376ft. in length and 37Jft in breadth. The accommodation is of the beat possible description, and the saloon, 00ft, by the breadth of the vessel, is probably as well ventilated as that of any ship afloat. In the centre it has a lofty mansard ceiling, extending to the top of the hurricane deck, on which there is a magnificent pro- menade. At the luncheon which followed the inspec- tion of the vessel about 70 gentlemen sat down, Sir Daniel Cooper presiding at one end of the centre table, and Mr. Edward Wilson at the other. Numerous toasts were pro. posed, including the owners and agents of the vessel, which, however, wore of course preceded by that of "The Queen," followed by " The Preaident of the United Statea." The latter waa neatly responded to by Colonel Poston, and the toast of " The Transatlantic Company " was replied to by another American, Colonel Rowland, manager of the national line, and who had the good taste, at the close of a very pleasant afternoon, to strikeup "God Save the Queen," leading off with a fine voice. Some enthu- siastic Britishers told him that as they woro unfortunately ignorant of the air and words of "Hail Columbia," they were unable to retnrn the compliment ; otherwise they would hove been happy to do so. Tho two colonels spoke most warmly of tho close con- nexion between the two countries, and re mindedtheir hearerethat whereas Americans regard French andGermans, ko., as foreigners, they alwaya look upon an Englishman as one of themselves. Adverting to the progress of the two lands, Colonel Rowland said it was evident that the Anglo-Saxon race was destined to dominate the universe, a senti ment received with much applause. No, least amongst the toasts was that of the London agents of the line, Messrs. Lawrence, Clarke, and Co., who have been indefatigable since their first connexion with it to further its interests. It is to be hoped that the future will make up for the paBt disappoint- ments. They indeed deserve that it should do. During the speechifying, reference waa made to other lines, and the Cape route was spoken of. Unfortunately, we did not know then what was ascertained later in the even- ing-that a telegram had arrived of the St, Osyth having beaten her former trip, making the passage in 43 days. MISCELLANEOUS. We have not heard much about New Guinea during the last fortnight Captain Moresby has written a long letter in the Hour strongly advocating annexation; and Lieutenant Armit is still intent upon the colonisation scheme in the north-east. We expect to hear more of what ia thought of the subject in Australia by the mail via San Francisco to arrive here to-morrow. Our latest news from the Capéis to the 6th December, by which we learn that the Cape Argus, after denouncing the conference Boheme, and being very uncomplimentary to Lord Carnarvon and Mr. Fronde, now sag. gesta that one of them shonld be chancellor of the Cape University. Mr. Jenkins, in ad. dreBBing his constituents at Dundee, referred to the South African question, and observed that he doubted whether the action Mr. Fronde had been allowed to take in the Cape Colony, in interfering between the people and their legal government, was alto- gether constitutional, or even wise, and he went on to say :-" I am cer- tain that were a similar attempt to be made to influence the opinion of Australia in the same manner, to create a public opinion in opposition to the Minister of the day in favour of confederation-though an emissary from the Imperial Government, that the gentleman, whatever might be hia position or talents, would he taken on board ship, and returned post-free to the Colonial Office." Mr. Jenkins evidently thinks you are a strong-minded people, and not to be trifled with. You heard somo time back that a South Australian dinner was to come off on the 28th December, to celebrate the fortieth anniver. sary of the proclamation of the colony, and that the Lord Mayor was to proside. Hia lordship was conspicuous by his absence, and the affair resolved into a dinner given by Colonel Palmer and a few others to Admiral Pullen, one of the survivors of Colonel Light's staff of surveyors who left London 40 years ago to found the colony. A new club, entitled the Hanover Club, was opened on the 1st inst at the Old Hanover-square rooms, which had been newly done up for the purpose. It seems probable that it will be highly patronised by colonials. Some of the leading ones resident in England bave already joined it, and it ia intended to be non- political. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, previous to his departure this month for Australia, has been speaking in very complimentary terms of the late Mr. M'Mahon, M.P. and Q.C. It will be remembered that he was one of the counsel for the Claimant at the trial, having Dr. Kenealy for his senior. Studies in Political Economy, by Sir Anthony Musgrave, Governor of South Aus- tralia, has been very favourably revised by the Morning Advertiser ana other papers. Hero-worship finds its followers from Mel. bourne. A writer in the Rappel, giving an account of a visit to Garibaldi, Bays he is inundated with visitors, principally English. The correspondent was preceded by a family from Melbourne, perfect étrangers, who also paid their respects to tho general. They con- sisted of a father, mother, eon, and three blooming daughters. Garibaldi addressed the chief of the visitors in excellent Eng. Slab, telling him how, when in command of the Montendian fleet, he put in near Mel- bourne to re-victual. Perhaps many of your colonists may remember the occurrence and the particular locality. The Australians listened attentively, and withdrew. American meat is being sent over, not yet in very great quantity, but it finds a ready sale. Some 40 tons were disposed of at Smithfield the day after Boxing-day nt 4s per stone of 81b. It was in excellent condi- tion. The method of preserving is at pro Bent a trade secret. The vessels are spe- cially prepared for the service. Each quarter of meat is wrapped in rough cloth, and then placed in huge tank-like boxes, each box having a fan within it moved by steam-power, and outside each box there is a thick covering of ice. Amongst the papers to be read at the Colo- nial Institute during the present quarter will be one by the Bishop of Melbourne, on " Victoria," Yesterday's Birmingham Post states that Dr. fThomas, the bishop of Goulburn, who, with Mrs. Thomas, will be a passenger by mail on 21st inst, intends disembarking at Adelaide, and driving thence to Goulburn, making a visitation of his diocese on the way. The bishop has obtained numerous subscriptions for his new cathedral. The HavaB agency has published an ac- count of a tragedy on board the Rhin, bound with convicts for New Caledonia. It occurred on the 9th November. An attempt at escape was made by eome convicts from the lower gnn deck. The ringleader, Leroy, WOB ar- rested, and, exasperated by the failure of the attempt, turned his rage against one com- panion who he thought had betrayed him, but instead of attacking the right man. he murdered his friend and accomplice by cutting his throat with a razor which he had managed to conceal. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FKOM OUB OWN COBBHSPONBBHT.) LONDON, JAN. 7. A Blight spasm of stringency has visited the money market There were indications just before Christmas that money would become temporarily dearer. Besides the usual pressure of the season for business require- ments, the outflow of gold to Germany and France has been considerable. The export to Paris is by far the more serious of the two, and, notunlikely, will BO impoverish the Bank reserve as to necessitate a further advance of the minimum of the discount rate. The return for the week ending December 30 showed that the reserve of coln and notes had fallon to £9,178,724, and the proportion to ¡abilities from Hi to 33J per cent Such being the situation, the directors promptly raised the official rate from 3 to 4 percenti but as this movement was almoat imme- diately followed by an advance on the part of the Bank of Prussia to G per cent for discount and to 7 per cent, for advances, little advantage was gained by us, for gold continues to be drained away. France, howover, as I have said, is the chief disturber of our market The balance of trade is, as uBual at this sea son of the yeer, strongly in favour of (France, bnt the greater proportion of the drain to Paris is due to the Balea of Egyptian and other foroign bonds here. There baa boen lately a large absorption of stock of an essen- tially international character by British buyers, as two laBt heavy liquidations on the Paris Bourse have clearly Bhown. Itlaacarcely probable, however, that these influences will continue in equally active operation for any considerable period. When the French people, instead of freely Bellinn, begin ti buy back securities, the exchange will turn in our favour. The Bank of France ie enormously wealthy, the stock of bullón having risen to £07,000.000, an amount with- out precedent, so that no necessity oxists there for the continuous drain from our slender resources. Then we shall probably soon receive remittances of gold again from America, while shipments from Australia will, it is hoped, be on a larger scale than during the last autumn and early part of the winter. These are some of the circumstances to which we look for a speedy correc- tion of the present advorse tendency of the money market. Outside the Bank, the discount rates aro already declining, and we shall probably again behold the spectacle of the Bank pulling one way and the open market another. This anomalous state of tilings revives the old controversy respecting the dependence of the Bank rate upon the bullion movements. The anticipation ex- pressed above has been verified. A Bank return published this morning shows a fur- ther decline in the reserve to the extent of a million, while the proportion to liabilities has dwindled to 282 per cent-an unusually low point Under these unfavourable circum- stances the Bank directors have raised their minimum to 5 per cent. The stock markets are only Blowly recover, ing from the inactivity .of the Christmas holidays. The chief recognisable features are depression in foreign securities and rise in English railways. The improvement in the latter is perhaps more than is justified by he traffic returns, excellent as they have been. Notwithstanding the heavy additions made lately to colonial stocks, they still exhibit extraordinary buoyancy, Australian Government Debentures especially, THE TURKISH DEBT. Official notices have been issued to bond- holders that payment of the half- yeaily coupon of the 1863 and 18C5 loans, falling due on the 3rd inst, would be made, half in cash and half in certificates, to be ultimately exchanged for bonds. Mean- while the confusion and discord between the different classes of bondholders are increas- ing daily. One body after another repudiates and denounces the proposals of its rivals, and claims special exemption from the con- fiscating decree. The schism between Messrs, Palmer and Dent and the committee of foreign bondholders is extending on every side. A French committee, representing some very large holdings, dissents altogether from the English schemes of arrangement, and propounds one of its own, in which the entire suppression of the sinking fund is a leading feature. The holders of the 1862 Ottoman loan are invited to a private meeting, to take steps for the protection of their special interests. The Ottoman Treasury bondholders have held meetings in Constantinople to protest in advance against any attempt to assimi- late these bonds with the bonds involved in tho late decree. A similar meeting of English holders of Treasury bonds is sum moned in London. The contention is that they form part of the floating debt, and ought, therefore, to bo paid off in full, or subject to spécial arrangement. Meanwhile, Mr. Otway, representing the tribute and guaranteed loans, is in Constantinople in a quasi-official character. Mr. Hamond has also gone to the Turkish capital as negotia- tor for people who have no common ground of agreement, and other dissentient bodies will be sending their special envoys, the practical issue of all which may be readily predicted, THE REVENUE. The returns of the national revenue to Christmas Day, comprising three- quarters of the fiscal year, are decidedly cheering. Owing to the long prevalence of depression in trade, domestic and foreign, we bad begun to take a gloomy view of our prospects. The Blight progress made in the first quarter of the financial year seemed to be lost in the second, and even BO late as a month ago the figures looked ominous of retrogression, but during the last few weeks affairs have brightened considerably. The net increase bad swollen to £1,042,421, in other words, the three weeks from December 4th to 25th this year have yielded a quarter of a million more revenue than the same three weeks last year. The net increase on the whole year reckoned on in the budget estimates' was £763,127, so that we «re already nearly £300,000 to the good. All the branches of the revenue participate in this moderate expansion except the income-tax, and the decrease under this head may be expected to disappear during the next three months. The falling off in the yield of this tax is believed to be due to the smaller amount of arrears remaining to be collected than was the case a year ago, owing to the lees oppressive weight of the tax. In the Post-office department the increase is especially marked. The total expenditure from the Exchequer amounted to £52,780,544 on December 25, as compared with £51,590,463 last year, which is a greater relative outlay than could . have been anticipated from the fact that the estimated expenditure for 1875 6 was only £304,000 more than the grants for 1874-5, FAILURES, LIQUIDATIONS, AND FRAUDS. The Times last week published a list of the principal mercantile failures of 1875, which is for from exhaustive. The black catalogue comprised the names of 179 firms. The liabilities of 25 of these are not stated, but estimating them on a moderate rate average at £1500,000 in all, we get the aggrogate of £34,500,000, the result mainly of the vicioua ayatem of business combined with a large amonnt of actual roguery. Those com merdai and banking disasters are in addition to the tremendous losses in foreign securities ariaing from the col- lapse in several foreign loans, and tho general discredit which has fallen upon a large class of stock through the startling re- velations of Sir Henry James's famous com- mittee of investigation. The losses and de- preciations in this latter department must bo reckoned at scores of millions. The Daily News thinks that the past year furnishes an illustration of the occurrence of a biennal crisis, which has been remarked by some political economists. The year 1873 was one of commercial convulsion in almost all parts of the world. In Austria and Germany in the spring, in the United States and South America in the autumn ; also in Russia and India money was either extremely stringent, or there was actual panic. The great collapse in Vienna in May, and in New York in Sep. tembor, were the most conspicuous among many similar events. In England happily a panic was escaped, but the rate of discount rose to 6 and 7 per cent, in the spring and early summer after intermediately low rates, again advanced to 7, 8, and 9 per cent in the succeeding October and November, with a continual apprehension of panic for several weeks. The earthquako, however, did not come, but it waa only post- poned. The materials of mischief were all there, and the explosion at no very remoto date was inevitable. The after-crisis came during the year just expired, and was most severe where in 1873 tho disturbance had boon less marked, namely, in Germany, California, South America, and Englaud. The sue* ceasivo and protracted commercial and financial crises of the past 12 months are too frcBb in the memory of your readers to need recapitulation here, but it is instructivo to rotor to thoBO retributivo disasters as illustrative of the curious law whose operation may bo traced in these after crises in the commercial world. It ia an exemplification on a wide scale of the in- exorable principle that whatsoever a man Boweth that shall he also reap, if not this year, the next year, or the year after that Bad business and dishonest financing, like murder, will out. Strousberg, the Continental railway con- tractor whose bankruptcy and arrest I have referred to in former letters, is beginning to be regarded as a hero and martyr. Ho has for pome months been iinmur. d in a Kussia > prison. The charge against him is that he borrowed money from the Moscow Bank on insufficient security, although »its siiffici »icy seems to havo been satisfactory to the bank directora at the time. Hitherto there has been no accusation of frjud to justify this detention. A movement, however, is now on foot to endeavour to show that the direc- tora were bribed to connive at Strouaberg'a irregularities, and that they had a personal interest in his reckless expenditure-the more he borrowed the better for them-that is tbo new accusation tobo framodagaiugthim. The criticisms of the Berlin press orí the treatment Strausberg has received from the Russian authorities are very severe aud dis. quieting. In the Court of Bankruptcy, on 28th De- cember, Mr. Registrar Brougham confirmed the écheme of arrangement under the failure of Meesrs. Fothergill, Hankey, and Co., of the Plymouth and Aberdare iron works, by which it is proposed to continue these establish- ments under 'a new limited company ; one member of the board of control is to bo chosen by the mortgagees, a second by the unsecured creditors, and a third by the sub- scribers of the additional capital. On 23rd December a crowded and excited meeting of the creditors of the Leeds Mer- cantile Bank was held at Leeds, when some extraordinary dieclosurea were made aa to the disgraceful manner ia which the money* of the bank have for years been gambled away. Mr. Longbottom, of Canadian oil wells notoriety, figures as a debtor for £16,000, and ia charged with having been instrumental in wasting about £30,000 of the bank's property. The ori- ginators of the bank appear to have been MesBrs. Woodhead and Holmes, both of whom are shown to have systematically employed the deposits of poor people and small tradesmen in reckless speculations. Mr. Holmes is dead, and bequeathed to his widow £20,000, while the books of the bank did not show that he was worth aa many shillings. After a long and stormy discus- sion it was resolved to liquidate by arrange- ment in preference to bankruptcy. That impudent financial impostor Mr. Richard Banner Oakley has at last been arrested in his career of swindling, owing to the persevering exposure of his tactics by the World, the Hour, and The Times. He is the founder of the Co- operative and Credit Bank, which waB to pay l8 per cent to his dupes, but who, instead, will lose everything. To repair his ruined fortunes, he en- deavoured to raise a million for the Keokuk and Kansas railway, but his intentions were happily frustrated by the vigilance of the press. He now makes these suc- cessful attacks upon his disreputable schemes a pretext for not paying to his creditors the composition of 5a. in the £ which he had promised. The only personal effects discovered at his residence at Graves- end wero an aluminium watch, some suits of clothes, a few books, a bible, and two packs of carda. Another financial luminary of the same order has suddenly vanished from our firma- ment. Not long since a bubble concern called the National Co-operative Bank was started by Mr. C. E. Dowell, who falsely advertised himself as formerly manager of the London and County Bank The principles and pretensions of this insti- tution have from time to time been criticised by some of our financial organs, with the effect which we now witness. About a week ago the following announcement was one morning found affixed to the door of the bank:-"In consequence of the manager having absconded, the business of the bank is suspended. A full communication will be made in a few days to the customers and others." SOVEREIGNS FOR AUSTRALIA. The Economist calls attention to the f Act that part of the gold withdrawn from the Bank last week consisted of 10,000 sovereigns for export to Australia, and remarks that the statement appearj surprising, now that Australia has minta of its own, and we are constantly receiving gold in the shape of sovereigns from it It serves to give some idea, however, of the extent of the Aus- tralian continent, and the difficulty of settling completely, when it is stated that the sovereigns exported wore for Western Australia, with which the mother conn | try enjoys even better means of com- munication than the other Australian colo I nies. Hence sovereigns are sent direct from this side instead of from one of the banks in other parts of Australia. DETENTION OF LETTERS. Great annoyance is felt at the detention of a large number of letters which should have been despatched by the Brindis! mail on Christmas Eve. The explanation of the Post-office authorities is that the mail was so nnprecedentedly heavy that the sorting could not be got through in time for despatch by the night train, but an Australian merchant, writing to the Daily News, sug- gests the proper course for the postal autho- rities to have adopted under such novel cir- cumstances would have been to have delayed the despatch of the mails for a few hours and pay the penalties instead of inflicting loss and inconvenience on individual senders of letters. It will be months before we know the extent of mischief done. STOCK EXCHANGE DISCIPLINE. After the evidence wo have had of late of tho shameful laxity in connexion with Stock Exchange operations, it is refreshing to leam that theLondoncommitteehaverecently exer- cised a wholesome discipline upon some erring members of the body. It has tran- spired that nine or ten brokera and jobbers have been suspended for the offence of deal ing for a defaulting member, who, not having paid the stipulated composition after failure, is no longer entitled to the privileges of membership. By their action these incul- pated members enable the defaulter to carry on a profitable business, at the same time that he fails to pay his old debts ; whereas the object of the Stock Exchange rule upon this point is to hold out a premium to defaulters to pay the stipulated quota and re-enter the house by a creditable way. The BuspensionB are only for about a month, but the sentence marks none the less the deter- mination of the committee to uphold their laws. PRODUCE MARKETS. Tallow.-Until to-day there have been no public sales since date of my last letter, and the private demand has beon of a restricted character, as is usual at this season of the year. Advantage has been taken of this lull to overhaul the stock of tallow in London, and the result of the investigation has sur- prised everyone connected with the trade. It waB discovered that the stock is double the quantity supposed-viz,, 10,300 casks instead of 8,300. This shows how carelessly import accounts are kept, and steps will bo taken to prevent a recurrence of such discrepancies. Australian bos been Bold to a moderate ex- tent-mutton, fair to good, 48B. to Cls. Od. ; and beef 46s. to 48B. The Balea of Australian during 1875 were 30,000 casks by auction, and about 4,000 by private contract. Total im- ports were 40,000 casks, against 42,800 in 1874. Petroleum.-The animation reported on tho 24th ult has ceased. Purchases have been very limited, and prices are weaker. Quotationa for ready oil have declined from 122d. to la. per gallon, and 12Jd. for prime white ; for March- April delivery to 10JJ. per gallon. Copral.-At auction, on the 3rd inst, C6 bags of Sydney sold at £20 to £21 12B. 0d. Mimosa bark has been in fair though not active demand at fully late rates. The sales and deliveries comprise about 793 tons Ade- laide ground, £13 153. to £14 2s. Gd. per ton ; do. chopped, £12 10B. to £13 12a. Cd. ; Mel- bourne ground, £11 5B. ; do, chopped (infe- rior), £9 to £10 5s. ; do. long, £10 2a Gd. Skins, Opossum.-At public sales on lat inst.1) 82,253 skins wore brought forward, Tho demand though fair was not active, and about two-thirds of this quantity was sold and after tho Bale at Cid. to 1-7th per ski¿ salted. Australian Ox and Cow Hides.-The markot continues quiet, and values slightly Blower. Tho Bales couipriHe 3,956 hides. Sydney light ox^SOJlb to 5o_j(l)., 4Jd. psr lb. . first heavy, 60glb., 5¿d. per lb ; second class)' 4d. per lb. Brisbane light ox, 47fjlb,, 4Jd, per lb. ; first heavy, 62j.lb, 5d. per lb. Auok. land light ox, 48ilb., 4Jd. per lb.; third claea, 3d. j cow, 43d. to 41J10., 4gd. to ila. perlb. Import,2,094¡ stork, 3,247 oxp-ij cow, 4,256 horse. At the close of last year prices for this description wi.ro high ; bat, ia sympathy with South Amoncau sorts, thero has been anything but au aitive demand throughout the post 12 mouths, and valuta have been continually drooping, and tbey or* now about ljd. to 2d. per lo. for heavy weights, and 2d. to 2Jd. per "lb. for light, lower than at the same mue last year« The import of the year WUB 58,450 hide»/ against 50,005 in 1874. Australian Leather.-The demand has beta limited, without material change in valuta Basils continue dull of sale. The sales cow. prise about 22,000 aides. First-class, 14Jd,, av. 171b. ; 10gd" av. 13£lb. Heavy, 2331b,; 12d. Second class, Ojjlb. 4i., av. lOid. Third-class, 8_d. to 9d. per lb. Also, 5,000 basils, Straits, best 6¿tb. to lOfilb., Od. to 12d. per lb. ; seconds and in- ferior, Gd. to 7id. ; uuatruined, 91b,, 8{d. ; seconds, Oid. per lb. The de. mond has been far frum uctive, with, a continual decline in values, wbioh are non fully 2d. per lb, lower than ac close of 1874, The imports of the year reach 10,790 baletgi against 11,088 in 1874. Wheat-The market is quiet at previous tates, but with somewhat lesa firmness. There is at last a faliing-off m the importa of foreign, and also in the arrivals at ports el call, as well as a decline in the quantity on passage, which from 2,000.000 quarter« has fallen to 1,600,000, about the Burne as at the close of the previous year. The pre« valent opinion is that prices have reached tbeir lowest, and the favourable sowing weather experienced during the lost few weeks has greatly extended the area ot wheat-sown land, and so improved the pro« spects of our next harvest Copper.-This market continues very quiet,' with only a moderate amount of transactions» Chili bars declined from £821 > £8L Charters lost half December amounted to 3,300 tons/ which tend to depress prices. The Eskj chartered direct for Havre with 500 tons, ia supposed to be lost Tin.-Dulness prevails in this market, and prices have slightly relapsed. The present; cash quotations are-Straits £80 to £8010a,, and for Australian £80. The total importa« tiona of Australian tin during the year amounted to 7,218 tons, 4,705 tons having been received between January and Jane» and only 2,510 tons between July and De« cember. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE« ARRIVALS. Alexandrina, at London on December 38, from Brisbane. Daphne, off Lizard January 4, from Ade« laide. Dualop, at London on December 30, fro» Auckland. Strathdon, at Gravesend on January I, from Melbourne. DEPARTURES. Alster, from Liverpool on December 27, for* Brisbane. Alme, from Clyde on December 29, foe Auckland. Blackadder, from Gravesend on Dec 24/ for Sydney. City of Ningpo, from Gravesend on Dec,1 29, for Sydney. Conference, from Deal Jan. 2, for Brit« bane. Denbighshire, from Deal Dec 29, for Otago. Dilbhnr, from London Dec 24, for Ada« laide. Euterpe, front Plymouth Dec 31, for Can- terbury. Grasmere, from Deal Dec. 29, for Hobart Town. Hampshire, from Plymouth Jan. 5, for Melbourne. Inverdrice, from Deal Jan. 4, for Canter« bury. Jessie Isabel, from London Dec 30, for. Brisbane. Letty Gales, from Deal January 6, for Swan River. Merwongee Franjee, from Deal January 5, for Auckland, Madeline, from Deal January 2, for Napier. Minydon, from London December 24, for* Sydney. Nyossa, from Plymouth December 28, for Sydney. R. B. Chapman, from Deal, January 4, for. Brisbane. Tantallon Castle, from London December 31, for Adelaide. The Douglas, from Liverpool, December 29/ for Melbourne. GENERAL SUMMARY: (ADSTBALIAN ASSOOIATBH PBBSS IELSQBAMS.) [This is a continuation of the intelligence published in The Argus of Saturday :-] FIRES. LONDON, JAN. 7. The extensive premises of Lindsay Bros,,1 general warehousemen, Belfast, have been. completely destroyed by fire. The damage, amounted to £30,000. Four cotton mills have been burned down since Christ« mas:-Messrs Paley's, at Preston, damaga £20,000 ; Messrs. Carib and White's, at Blackburn, damage £10,000; Mr. Rostron'«, near Bury, damage £12,000 ; and the Lowe kridge Cotton-Bpinning Company's mill, at Atherton, damage £35,000. Yesterday a de« structive fire, originating in a large book«, binding establishment, occurred in Broad« way, Ludgate-hill, at which several Creme» . were injured. OBITUARY. The Earl of Aldeborougb, Lord Hastings/ in India, aged 20 ; Mr. Dymoke, Qaeen'r champion, aged 40 ; the Countess of Chester« field, Admiral Hutcheson, Admiral C. Frede- rick, Mr. G. Vining, actor; Tom Morris, champion golfer, aged 25 ; Dr. Pears, head« master of Repton School ; Mr. E. Lundgren, artist, in Sweden, aged CO ; Mr. Normansell, secretary of the South Yorkshire Miners' Association; Mr. James Keene, proprietor and editor of the Bath Journal, aged 80 ; Mr. Simon W. Walley, of the London Stock Ex" change ; Miss Hardy, in whose arms Nelson expired ; Vicomte Geuronniore, who waa an eminent personage under the Empire ; Mr, Saint Georges, dramatist ; Machilla Jubinal, formerly Imperial deputy; Mr.1. Sotherton Estcourt, aged 75. CONTINENTAL. The revenue of France this year is ex. pected to exceed the estimates by four mil- lions sterling. The New Year receptions at the various, continental courts paeaed off pleasantly. On Monday last, at a special Cabinet!' Council, presided over by King Alfonso, the plan of the coming campaign against the Callista waa discussed and settled, Goneral' Jovellar ia sent to CabaB, and Generals Quosada and Martinez Campos have left for their commanda in tbe north. There ia fighting between the combátante near the French frontior. San Sebeatian and Hernani aro bombarded by the Carlists. Arrangements are being made for festi- vities to celebrate the anniversary of the King's entry into Madrid, Queen Isabella, despke the opposition of the Ministry, is about to return to Spain, The American Secretary of State has ad- dressed a circular to European Governments on Cuban affairs, suggesting mediation to . restore peac-f, «»?<! mUme: them to join, in an -nlernulionnl « |f< rt for ibis object. The first Protestant Church in Rome waa dedicated on Christmas Day. The Pope han received membor» of various Irish institu- tion«, beaded by tlio Lord Mayor of Dublin, peter's pence und blePBinga were liberally exchanged,, The Italian Parliament has voted nine millions of franc- for the Tiber works. THE EXPORTS. The export« f"r the month ending D.ecem. .ker 28 amounted t«-For Melbourne, £670,000 ; Sydney, £43« MW : Queensland, £135,000; Adelaide, £246 fi'iO ; Tasmania, £25,700 ; and New Zealand. £291,100. Total for the year to all porte, £19.670,700, being £180,000 lesa ¿ban-lost yeor. Th'e principal items of export« to Melbourne gre :-Gunpowder, l,556cwt ; bar and rod i¡ron', 625 tona ; hoop, 38 tons ; sheet, 94 .tons' ; plate, 97 tonB ; pig, 201 tons ; galva- nised, 224 loos ; tinplates, 1,185 boxes ; rfencing wire, CMi tons ; linseed oil, 16,254gsl.; tobacco, 193,1071 H, j brandy (bulk), 33,720g»l.; fcr&ndj; (coe«') 18 620gaL; geneva, 17,354gal.¡ red wine 24,926gal., white 5,40Tgal.¡ beer, (bulk), 016 barrels ; beer (glass), 93S bárrela ; ?Hitit, 1,302quartern; hops, 489cwt; sardines, 2,6391b.; white «alt, 1S7 tons; candles, l,T24owt; currants, 2,384owt XATE TELEGRAMS. LONDON, JAH. 24, Snow storm« occurred on Friday and Satur day, which were unusually severe. A fatal accident occurred on the Great Northern Railway during Friday's storm, The Scotch express from the north collided with a coal train. Directly afterwards the down eipress dashed through. Thirteen were killed and 21 injured. Count Schouvaloff, the Russian ambassador, who was in the train, escaped unhurt. EAEL STANHOPE. Recently, in the news that arrived from Sidney, telegraphed from London to San Francisco and earned by Bteamer across the Pacific, tbe following item of intelligence was included :-" Earl Stanhope is dead." Probably to many of our readers this con- veyed no more rlian that another English nobleman had bren gathered to his fathers ; bat students of history feel that some notice should be taken of one who has rendered important services to historical literature. The first Earl Stanhope was a distinguished though not alwujB a successful general in Queen Anne's time, and a respectable though not a brilliant statesman under the first George. Filled with a belief in hia ancestor, and enjoying free access to family papers, the late Earl Stanhope, when quito a young man and under the title of Lord Mahon, published a volume called The War of the Succession in Strain, This was reviewed by Macaulay, in one of his most brilliant his- torical essays. Though the reviewer often differs from the author, he ia respectful to him throughout Lord Mahon's next work was far more ambitious. It ia a history of England from the Peace of Utrecht (1713) to the Peace of Veranillos (1783), that is to say, of the reign of the first two Georges, and of the first naif of that of the third George, Stopping short of the French Revolution and the wars that came out of it This history has been through several editions, and parts of it, such as "The Forty-five" and the "Rise of the Indian Empire," published separately, have bad a still wider sale, and are still better known. Five years ago he published a history of England under Queen Anne, avowedly written u> fill up the gap between the close of Lord Macanlay'a history and the commencement of his own. Whether he carried it on, or could have done BO, just as Macaulay would have wished, may well be doubted. The two writers were certainly on different Bides in politics, though there waa an amusing controversy between them on this thesis of Lord Mahon-"A modern Tory resemble« a Whig of Queen Anne's reign, and a Torj of Queen Anne's reign a modern Whig." Tliia Lord Mahon main- tained in bia first work. It wos vehemently denied in Macaulay'B essay, repeated and de fended in Lord Mahon's longer history; lastly, it reappears in the " Reign of Queen Anne," So, perhaps, Macaulay and his con. tinnator might have been at one on the main points of the history. Earl Stanhope's history certainly lacks the brilliance of Macaulay's. in arrangement he is too much of an analyst. He lucks the art which can make it agreeable to be moved from pillar to poet-from EugUiid to Prussia, thence to Spain, and all over Europe, whilst the éventa of a certain year are being described. His campaigns are not clear, his battles not In- teresting. But his chief characteristic as a historian is trustworthiness. He is eminently respectable. Another work which will make Earl Stan- hope's name memorable is his "Life of William Pitt," published some 10 or 12 years ago, in the writing of which he had access to many family pttpeis. The work throws light on many of the eventB and characters of the time. Some thought that the light was too fall and clear for a time so near onr own Oxford men will also be grateful to Earl Stanhope for the prize which he founded for an annual historical essay on a subject be- longing to the latter Middle Ages or to Modern History. This essay prize has cer- tainly contributed much to keeping up his- torical study amongst Oxford under- graduates. The new Earl Stanhope has been for some time in the HOUBB of Commons, and is a prominent member of the London School Board. _________ THE BEEMEEKAVEN EXPLO- SION. (FB0M IBB r-BÜSSIAlr OOBBESrONDBST OP THH TIMBS) BEBI.IN, DEO. 21. By degrees further particulars of the whole- sale murder a% Bremerhaven are brought to light. I bave nicken to a gentloman who met Thomas rein aredly at Dresden. He lived in a pleasant villa as a person of independent means, and with His amiable wife and fine family of children waa very popular in the Urge American colony of the Saxon capital. Of late, however, his means began to fail, and he and his were put to the greatest straits. In thin dilemma he seems to have conceived the diabolical idea of mending his broken fortunes by a profitable crime, which, however unprece- dented in its atrocity, should neither Involve outlay nor admit of detection. As a former merchant caption who had made a fortune by running the blockade during the War of fieoessiou, he hit upon a plan of murder at sea. The crime probably was the more con senial to him, as there ÍB reason to believe that during his darin»; trips between Havan- nah and Charlearon his illicit transactions were not confined to the mere smuggling of aims and ammunition. At least it would be inconceivable why a man supposed to be con- nected with a pieat New York firm should have changed bin name after the war from Alexander to Thom AH, had he not been guilty of bhtcker deeds than were sure to be condoned upon the restoration of peace. Last Bummer lie undertook one of his fre. -quent trips to America, leaving hia wife in straitened circumstances at Dresden. On his return he brought with him the dyna- mite that was to bring grist to the mill, and incidentally luunoti hundreds into eternity. Having procured the principal material for his ciitue on the other Bide of the ocean, be ordered the minor i.npliances in the neigh- bourhood of Inn Dresden residence. A Dresden locksmith, at his suggestion, censtructed two iron cheats of a peculiar shape. One of these, about lOin. high, waa like an ordinary money-box, but the lid had ?a hole of a finger's width. The second chest contained foui zinc boxes placed on the top of one another, eat h about 5in. square. The uppermost box had a conical lid with a strong iron ring »a it, apparently intended for auBpenBion Thexe boxes were made in August. In September he ordered another specimen of the second model on a somewhat larger scale, Benditi« the smaller box to the locksmith as a pattern. The larger speci- men waa delivered towards the end of .?uî ; Bnd t'1B smaller one remaining with the locksmith has just been handed by the boneatartisau to the Dresden police. AU tutee boxee were enclosed in solid wooden ÇWB fitting exactly, except at the bottom, WBere there was room for something else to j» packed. The larger one acorns to have wen that which has eventually obtained BUCO dieodful notoriety. It was several feet S'8.' of «»nicol shape, and weighed about fnt. This weight being far too heavy tor the ignitiim mschanlsm, and the quantity 0{ dynamite ^hat can have boen Po»8ib]y contained in the chest, it is assumed wat to add to the effect of the explosion the empty Bpace at the bottom was filled with Dara of solid iron. The igniting mechauiam, w lodge from evidence collected by the Police, and willingly contributed by all who . ii? w,°{ked for the assassin, was placed in ?.£?aïd.in tbe m'ddle of the chest, having iwS0,.me four zino boxes over it andrtwo '«moor it i_ this board the» waa a hole J through which the hammer of tie lguiui. mpch&nism; waB io strike upon tho lid f the tbird box and blow up ti o dynamite by the concussion Probably this 1 d bad been specially adapted to the purpose by tu« BSBBSain, who seems to have devoted con siderable time and thought to perfecting with his own hands the appliances whose rough shell he had made by artisans. As to the igmiing mechanism itself the works were those of a common clock, constructed of very solid material and provided with a hammer wbich waa toBtrikebutonesmtlo blowevery 10 days This hammer to do its work effec- tually, weighed 301b and when tested by the assassin upon tbo delivery of the mechanism smashed the veneer of a mahogany table to shivers Another requisite of the clock was that notwithstanding its uncommon power it should not tick m the least All these demands having been fully satisfied by Mr Fucbe the clockmakcr, the assassin was so delighted with the article supplied that do daring it Superior to what had been bar gained for, he paid 125 thalers instead of the 100 thalers agreed upon The pattern upon which tbo clock was made ia still in posses sion of Mr Tuchs and has been placed by bim at the disposal of the magistrates All the tradesmen employed by the assaa Bin were given by him to understand that he wanted the things for some lucrative inven tion, and that money was no object if they only satisfied bim To the clockmoker he communicated in confidence that the ham mer waa to tear a thousand silk threads at a single Bwoop, to the locksmith and joiners he seemB to have spoken more vaguely, tbongh with equal indifference as to coat The clock having been finished even before the arrival of the explosive liquid from America all the necessary preparations seem to have been completed towards the end of the autumn The poniard was I whetted, and there waa nothing between the murdererandhisvictims but a conscience but tbut conscience did not act From tbe time at which he fixsd his voyage, as well as from other circumstances it must be concluded that he was fully aware of the tendency of dynamite and other nitro- glycerine preparations to explode epon taneously in cold weather Directly the liquid begins to freeze, the icy crystals formed m it rise to the surface, and if the vessel is moved are exploded by friction Following the uBnal practice of travellers; tbe assassin engaged his berth some time before starting This was about the middle of November, and he determined to leavo early in December. As frost is very rare in Germany before the end of December, tbia, in any lesa exceptional year, would have insured success aa far as shipping the murderous cargo was concerned Bat this season winter bos been uncommonly early and severe All over Germany we had from lOdeg to 20deg Reaumur of cold in the first week of this month, and though the tem perature became somewhat milder in the second week ice did not wholly diaappear before tbe 15th But the murderer would not or could not wait He had paid his passage and waa hardly in a position to forfeit the money Nor, if Dresden rumours are correct, could he afford to leave his family much longer in their embarrassed con- dition bo he sot off with bia terribie luggage, unheeding cold and death He however took every precaution to keep the chest warm and on bia arrival at Bremen repeatedly told the people to whom he entrusted it that it muet not be exposed to cold, while at Bremen, where he scorns to have arrived some time before the ship left, he was busy completing his arrangements. He shipped a barrel of caviar, insuring it for £150 sterling a Bum estimated as far above the value of the article He communicated with one Mr Llmenhorst of the firm of Kafeach and Stossky asking him whatlhe wonld charge for the transport of 27 cheeta to Amonca but did not settle with him finding the terms too high, and be probably corresponded with those parties at Southampton who had charge of the cargo that waa to be sent on board when the ship called at that port, and the insurance premium on which was to make his fortune. What thatcargo was with whom deposited and by whom insured or to be in Bured the detectives are engaged at this moment m unravelling On the morning of Satniday, tho 11th inst, the assassin pro ceeded to Bremerhaven the port of Bremen, and at some considerable distance from the city He immediately went on board the North German Lloyd Companys steamer Mose) which was to leave that afternoon for New York via Southampton He had some luggage with him, but not the chest that was to sink the good ship This he had ordered to be sent on board after him and whether by accident oi designedly it arrived on the quay after the bell had rung. The assassin at that mo ment kept below looking after his other goods, and probably selecting a place where the fatal engiue was to be stowed away In embarking on the ship and accompanying the chest in the first part of the voyage he can bave had no other object but to see the machine safely housed Once securely wedged in among other chests in the hold and protected by cases above and around it would have been harmless enough until the hammer fell. As he was to have left the Mosel long before that dread hour at Southampton be could not have been burt or even compromised by the ships disappearance on the high seas After a few weeks anxious suspense we should bave received the diBmal news of another tragedy at sea and thought no more about it, crew and pasBenfeers would have been dead , the murderer m possession of his spoils and the world wagging on sa usual But things fell out differently In tho burry of impending departure the chest was thrown violently on the pavement at the foot of tho crank that was to transfer it to tho vessel the dyna- mite cr. Btals struck against each other and surrounding humanity coisod to be as the cold globules danced up and down At tbat moment 128 persons were dead men and women This is tho last number ascertained Sixty corpses hare been identified 28 more havo not been identified 40 persons are missing having presumably been reduced to fragments and buried in those eheste full of bone and pulp which figured in the funeral procession Over and above the dead, there were 56 wounded of whom some have juat died, while others are in a fair way of recovery Moat of the victims were workmen porters and sailors professionally engaged on the quay There were also agents of the company and harbour officials, who met death in the exercise of their ordinary pacific duty There were Bailors wives and children snatched away aa they waved a parting adieu to husbands and fathers on board They meant it only aa a farewell for a while but it was for ever There were the friends of,<passengers, too, sent on a longer journey than those they bad come to see off As far as has hitherto been ascertained, the event leaves C6 widows, 135 orphans, and 20 maimed men on the hands of the Poor Law commissioners at Bremen To alleviate their lot a private committee has been formed at Bremen, who intend collecting £15 000 sterling sa a capital to support the bereaved families and educate their children One third of the sum has been already sub Bcnbed, _ MISCELLANEOUS. The Hon W Forster has entered on the duties of agent general for New South Wales in London Mr W M. Torrens M P is engaged upon a memoir of the late Lord Melbourne, with sketches of some of his contemporaries. Lieutenant Malmg will moat probably be called upon to rejoin the regiment in West Indies, from the Btaff of the Marquis of Nor manby in New Zealand The Liverpool iron clipper ship Culzean Castle, Captain Macaulay, which left Liver rot 1 for Melbourne on May 25 and which has been posted as missing at Lloyds had altogether on board 67 persons compnsiug 38 of a crew all told and 29 emigrants Sha nasa vessel of 1 818 tonB register and wa one of Mr Skinner s Castle Line She was built at Glasgow, and waB on her first VOiBgO A tremendous rainfall is reported from Scotland Large tracts of land in Pertb, Fife Torfar, and Clsckmannanahire aro under water, and the Tay and other nvers aro so swollen tbat the milla on their banks bave been stopped by the action of back water The downpour, according to latost advices BtiU continuel. The infant daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh has been named Marie Alexandra Victoria. It is reported from Rome that of four pro- jects (including Garibaldi's) for the improve ment of the Tiber submitted to the councd of public works not one has been adopted, but that the council itself has proposed a fifth, whioh will be definitely carried out, at an estimated cost of 10 millions The German Government has in hand a project for buying up all the railways in the empire and making them Imperial property. Tbe scheme has been long under discussion, and is now stated on good authority to have formed one of the main subjects of Prince Blflmarck's consideration during his long Btay at Varzin $? The Methodist Episcopal Church in the Via Poli, near the Fountain of Trovi, Rome, is now completed. The edifice is in the Gothic style. Tbe Queen of Denmark, Princesa Thyra, end the Princesa of Wales arrived at Luebeck from Hamburg on December 19, and were received there by the Danish consul and aide de camp of the King of Denmark In roi sequence of the ice, the Royal party were obliged to p oceed to Travemuudo in a car risp^, where the steamer Treyo, escorted by the ironclad Absalom, waa in attendance and conveyed them to Korsor The King and Prince Waldemar reached Korsor next morning, and the whole Royal family Btarted tbence by eipreaa train for Copenhagen where the Royal party were received by the municipal authorities and by a great cou course of people and they were entbuaiaati call) cheered at all stations on the h ne Tile barque Jane Richardson has arrived at Liverpool having picked up in lat 42 44 N , Ion 23 W , three men who, m the very luet stage ofexhauBtion and emaciation, were ljmg upon a raft One of the men died the i ex. duy, and the survivors when restored to full coneciouBneSB told a fearful story of suffering They were the only survivors from the brig Dagmar, which foundered on November 13 while on a voyage from Sierra Leone to Liverpool The crew left the sink ing vessel in a boat and upon a raft, bat the former was capsized, and the raft waa left with seven men upon it the master of the brig having been drowned They had absolutely no provisions, and man by man they died, and were thrown into tho Be» After seven day« 4 coloured man named Jackson succumbed, and some of the survivors partook of bia flesh, while others drank his blood The master of the Dagmar was named Burke Ino names of the survivors are Tom King and D Mackenzie. The following are details of the loss of the Trench Transatlantic steamer Louisiane She waa off the mouth of the river Garonne, mward bound, when at a quarter past 10 o'clock on December 20 she carne into col 1 sion with the steamer Gironde outward bound with the Trench mails for the Brazils, the Gironde Btnking her amidahip and making a gap of some 10ft. m her Bide Only the officer of the watch was on the budge of the Louisiane, the captain and passengers being all below The ship sank very rapidly and there was a wild panic which rendered the efforts at launching tbe boats abortive Most of the crew and passengers found a refuge in the rigging The captain, third officer and chief engineer wero swept off by a sea The great majority of the crew and passengers were taken off by the boats of the Gironde and those of the British steamer Iberia. One female passenger alone is known to be lost Her name is Victonne Lomonmer The captain and 13 of the crew were drowned An extraordinary scene, amounting to almost a not took place at a meeting of the New Torest Shakers at Exeter on December 9 Mrs Gilling was accompanied by eight young women and four men, and while she was in the midst of her address one of the gula commenced to dance This caused some excitement, as the dancing was prolonged, and was pronounced by Mrs Gulint to be due to religious influences. One of tbo audience got up and denounced the whole thing as a blasphemous farce This expression was loud'y cheered Mrs Girling invited any one who wished to speak to come on tbe platform, and at last one gentleman went there At the same moment another girl commenced to dance, and the excitement increased The audience moved os a body to the platform and a large number scaled it Indescribable confusion followed, ia the midat of which attempts were made to stop the girls, but they resisted, one of them shouting, I will rejoice, ' and " Touch not the Lord s anointed ' The male members of the community were remonstrated with for permitting such an exhibition, bat they ex pressed themselves powerless to stop the dancing The girls were at last forcibly stopped Somo one threatened to give one of the male Shakers a thrashing upon which be commenced to dance, and the disturb- ance was only ended by the whole body of Shakers being forcibly ejected from the plat- form The New Free Press of Vienna pubhahea a statement that the Porte has ordered an ex traordmary levy to be made in the Bpring of 100 000 men for suppressing the insurrection in the Christian provinces I addition to this Egypt will be required to contribute 22 000 men and Tunia 8 000 men It is further stated that M Karageorgevics, of the once reigning family in Servia, has arrived at Janica ander the feigned name of Makunics and bos taken service m the insurgent army against the Turka On TueBday December 21, a Iternble cata- strophe occurred adjacent to Newtownards, county Down, occasioning the lose of eight lives The employés in a small flax and thrashing mill at Ballymsconnell were ossem bhng for their work, which commences at 4 o clock. Light of them had arrived and were sitting m the boiler house as was their usual custom, awaiting the arrival of the others. While they were there sitting the boi'er burst, the apartment waa blown to atoms, and all the workers were at onco killed Their bodies when discovered were so mutilated as to render identification almost impossible Tbe persons killed were four men, two women and two little boys All the adults were married, and bad large families. The engine driver, who waa in the eugineroom at the time of the explosion, bad a very narrow escape He was blown away a considerable distance by tbe explosion, and bus been u good deal lacerated The explosion was heard for miles off The district in which the mill is situated is tbinly populated, and is entirely agricultural The following are the particulars of a recent balloon accident near Paris -The military committee of aeronauts made an ascent from the gasworks at La Villette, in the Univers under the guidance of M. Godard The party consisted of eight Colonel Laussedat, Commandant Mangin, two contains m the Engineers a lieutenant of Cuirassiers and MM Terese and Tissan dier the latter being the survivor m the terrible accident of the Zenith The bal loon was driven in the direction of Vin cennes and whilst floating over the vineyards of Montreuil, at a height of about 200 yards, it suddenly collapsed, and fell to tho earth like a shot Tive of the occupants of the cor were wounded, whilst throe re mamed unhurt The balloon fell on a grass plot m a garden surrounded by high walls in the Rue de Lagny Assistance was soon rendered, wben it was found that Colonel Laussedat bad his ngbt leg broken, and Commandant Man gin his left while Captain Renard, of the Engineers bad the fibula fractured, having bad the presence of mind, when he felt the balloon waa falling to cling to the cordage, by which the shock waa lightened MM Godard and Terese were also injured, the former having the right knee fractured, but his com panton only received somo contusions with out gravity Wben M Tiseandier perceived the danger he sprang into the network to close the escape-valve, and was in that posi- tion when the balloon reached the ground, and he escaped unhurt M Godard's opinion is tbat the val.e had become frozen and would not work, but this is merely a supposi- tion Every attention was at once given to the wounded, three of whom were removed to their résidences, and two to the military hospital at Vincenues. A hostile meeting with pistols bas occurred between Mr Lilburne, an Englishman, and a Spaniard, the Marquis de Solfaga, both living at Biarritz. They went to Vero, a Spanish village on tbe French frontier, near Sare, occupied by the Carliste. According to the conditions of the combat, the adver- saries exchanged shots at 30 paces, but with- out result The second was fired at 15 and M Solfaga fell dead The encounter has been attributed to various reasons, bat the most probable seems to be that Mrs Lil burne bad forbidden the marquis to appear in her drawlngroom on account of something he bad said The deceased, only 35, waa the Bon of the Duke de Rocca, who occupied a principal post near the person of Don Carlos On December 27 while the transformation scene was revolving in the pantomime of Aladdin "produced at the Alexandra Opera house, Sheffield a gauze festoon on the stage caught fire, and the flames spread across the Bceno and burnt two girls severely who were suspended in the scene. There was a very crowded house, more than 5,000 persona being present As soon as the fire was noticed a rnsh was made for the atoara, down which the people burned frantically. The lesBee, however, promptly came forward and reassured the people many of whom resumed tbeir Beats The fire was got out before it spread beyond the stage, and the per foimance continued until it waa completed. On December 28 the boiler of a steam tug, towing five barges from Fenny Stratford to Yardley Wharf, on the Grand Junction Canal about three mdea from Stony Strat- ford, exploded with a terrible report The tugWBB blown to pieces, and sank imme- diately with the cargo The two engine drivers were killed, and the captain much injured A large piece of iron, weighing nearly half a ton, was blown over the wharf wall into tbo middle of the yard, a distance of about 100 yards, and portions of the ironwork were sent with a tremendous force in all directions, some of them as far as 400 or 500 yards. Reports of large diamonds found at the Cape are telegraphed from Madeira, one being Bald to weigh 300 carats, and another, found at Beeii, 103 carats, producing the finder £3 350 A silver mine ia also reported to have been discovered in the Transvaal. Mary Christopher, the wife of a farm labourer at Bisphan, near Preston, poisoned herself and her three children with oarbolio acid, tbroueh grief at the loss of her hus band, who had died half an hour before of j typhoid fevor. During her husband's uii.e<H the woman told her neighbour« that if ho died she would make away with herself and children; and the coroner's jury found a verdict of felo de se against her. 