SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. HOBSON'S BAT. Hiern WATER Tm» DAY -Mornlog, 6 86 ; evening, 712 NOT 8 -9 a-m. . Wind W, moderate ; weather cloudy, fine Barometer, 29-08, thermometer, 63 1 p.m. Wind W , moderate, weather cloudy, due Barometer, 29 99 thermometer, 63 4 P.m. Wind W , light, weather cloudy, fine Barometer, 29-97 , thermomoter, 63. _ ARRIVED. - Nov. 8. Conference, barque, 421 tons, Jas. Lawson, from Port Louis, Mauritius, 5th ult. No passengers. F. W. Prell and Co., agents. Ellora, ship, 1,727 tons, W. Clayton, from Calcutta September 26. Passengers - cabin : Mrs. Walton, Mr. and Mrs. Moore and family (four), Mr. H. Parsons, and five in the steerage. John Blyth and Co . agents. Alexandra, brig, 239 tone, Richd. Daws, from Port Louis, Mauritius, 3rd ult. Passengers - cabin : Mr. Brakes ; and three in the steerage. F. E. Beaver and Co., agents. Glaslyn, barque, 372 tons, J. Kirkpatrick from Port Natal 8th ult. Passengers - cabin : Miss H. Quested, Miss Fanny Quested and Master Alfred Quested, Mr. and Mrs. Stopford, Messrs. J. H. Harrison, Judd, White; and three in the steerage. Spence Brothers and Co., agents. Rob Roy, s.s., 267 tons, F. Ashton from Portland, Belfast, and Warrnambool 8th inst. Passengers - saloon : Mr. D. Edgar, Mr. Crosbie and 11 in the steerage. Robinson and Lilly, agents. NOV. 9. Tanjore, R.M.S.S., 2,245 tons, J. C. Almond, from Galle, 20th ult., via King George's Sound 3rd inst., and Glenelg 7th inst. Passengers - saloon : For Melbourne \- Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Francis, family (three) and ser vant, Misses Francis (three), Mr. and Mrs. Lee and family (three), Mrs. Lowrie, family (four), and ser vant ; Captain Confield and Mrs. Confield, Mrs. Jennings, family (three) and servant, Mr. and Mrs. J. Orkney, Mr. and Mrs. Wyseleski, Miss Birgene, Mr, and Mrs, Arfenson, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and family (four), Dr. Coletti, Messrs. T. W. Jackson, S. Macombie, McDonald, Wilson, Murray, Richard, Susman, Knight, Ray, Riley, Sydenham, White, Jen nings, Jacques, McCulloch, Ullathorne, A, McCulloch, Low, Vauslarian, Holden, Lord, Curtis, Coxon, Foster, Luke, Hart, and Private Jas. Moore. For Sydney - Miss Kidd, Captain Haseltonm family (two) and ser vant, Messrs. Holdsworth, Gardyne and servant, Jeanneret Seligman. Gunner G. Barns, Private C. O'Brien, wife and four children. For Dunedin - Mr. Cooke. For Lyttelton - Mr. Wills, Mr. J. L. Tait, purser. Franklin R. Kendall, agent P. and O. Com pany. ENTERED OUT. - Nov. 8. Rubicon, 64 tons, D. Inverarity for Torquay. John Leslie, 192 tons, P. Brown for Wollongong. Suffolk, 231 tons, C. Yarnall, for Wellington. Cheviot, 494 tons, T. R. Johns, for Galle. CLEARED OUT. - NOV. 8. Natal Queen, 230 tons, O. Lewis, for Hobart Town. Piggott Brothers and Co., agents. Cheviot, 494 tons, T. R. Johns, for Galle, in ballast. Holmes, White and Co., agents. Vindex, 290 tons, J. Parkhouse for Sydney, with part of original cargo from Hong Kong. Kong Meng and Co., agents. Coorong, s.s., 304 tons, J. Dowell, for Adelaide, &c.; Passengers - saloon : Mrs. Hedly, Mrs. Holloway, Miss Rosa Holloway, Mrs. Lomax, Mrs. Lord, Miss Lord, Miss Hall, Messrs. I. Raymond, C. Morgan, E. R. Cole, D. C. F. Mudie ; and 21 in the steerage. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Co., agents, Arawata, s.s., 623 tons, T. Underwood, for Bluff Harbour. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Co., agents. Tamar, s.s., 308 tons, W. H. Saunders for Launces ton. C. Hudson, agent. Julia Percy, s.s., 496 tons, Charles Andrews, for Portland, via Belfast and Warrnambool. Robinson and Lilly, agents. PROJECTED DEPARTURES LOUDON -Duchess ot Edinburgh Novombor 14 , Helbourno Novembor 13 Loch Maree, Novombor 15, Malabar, Novembor 25, Northumberland, St Osytb, December 6 Trua Briton, Docembor 20, Kout, January 14 ArlBtldos Novombor 11, Carlisle Oastlo, December 20 , Clora, North American, Bon VolrUcb. City of Corinth, early INDIA ASD TUB EAST -Tanjore Novombor 80 BTDNXT -Alexandra You Yangs, November 10 , St Osyth November 11, China, Novembor 13 , City of Melbourne, November l8, Barrabool, Novombor 14 City of Adolaido Novombor 10 , Ohoviot, Novom her 17, Hero Novombor 21, Albion, November 22 , Cingoloso, early , ADELAIDE.-Aldinga Novombor 11 Claud Hamilton, Novembor 13, Omeo Penola, November 15 , Coorong, Novembor 23. , BRISBAKE -YOU Yangs Aloxandro, Novombor IO, City of Molbourno, Novembor 13 , Olly of Adelaide, November 10 HOBATT TOWN -Southorn Cross, Novembor 22 , Albion, Novembor 22 , Natal Queon, oarly LADHOEBTON -Tamar thla day, Dorwent, Novembor 14 , Amy Bobsart, oarly NORTHWEST COAST OP TASMANiA.-Argylo, No- vombor 10 , , NEW ZEALAND PORTS.-Arawata, this day, Ringa- rooma, November 16 Albion, Otago, Novombor ¿2, Alhambra December 27 AUCKLAND -Hero, Novembor 21, Albion, November 2, Thomas Brown oarly DtJKRDiK - WlUlom Gifford, Novombor 10, Yarra, WUdWoto, early WARRNAMBOOL.-Rob Roy, Novombor 11, Jiul» Percy Otway, eve2y Tuesday BELFAST -Bob Boy, Novomber 11, Julia Percy, Otway, every Tuesday PORTLAND-«ob Roy, Novombor 11, Julia Poroy, Otway otery Tuesday "".,", FREMANTLE AND CiiAiinosi BAT -Cathorlno Marjon, November 11 HONO KONO -Nohemlah Gibson, oarly Girrs LAND LAKES - Enterprise, early HONOLULU -Hotblldo early IMPOSTS-Nov S A Special chargo Is mode on consígneos* announce» monta Inserted In this column.) Conforonco, from Mauritius -8 068 bags sugar EUoro from Calcutta-2 880 baga 1804 pookota grain 1 800 balcB cornaacks 2 102 halos and hundios gunnies, 841 bales potato bogs 210 bales bran bags 19 bolos woolpackB, 2 998 ho f cases coster oil, 378 hogs linseed oil eako 99 chests too 81 bogs sugar, SB coils ropo 100 bales Juto, lo hundios coir yarn, 8 balcB woolpack cloth 1 package Bundrles Alexandra from Mauritius.-4 438 bags Bugor Glaslyn, from Port Natal -7 050 pockots 2,147 bags 032 BOCBB Bugor, 42 hhd tro ide, 1 halo hides Bob Roy e> a from Portland Bolfast, and Warr nambool -477 baloa wool 100 boga potatoes 60 bags pollard 2 bnlos ekina 1 pockogo calfskins 9 bags hides 63 liidta, 2 punclioonB 1 hhd 11 barrels tallow, 23 CBBes cheese 10 keie butter 0 caaos oggs, 3 balea and 2 packages leather Shags hair 2 paekagos bacon, S cases cola 3 cases crayfish 2 crates poultry, 1 caso hardware 80 pockogcB effects, and 17 packages sun dries Included in tbo manifests of the Portbonopo, Esk- dale, and Carlisle aro tho following consignments - 258 packages china, glass oarthon wore, and fancy goods-JoUN DiNOR, Lonsdalo Btreot EXPORTS-Nov 8 Natal Quoon, for Hobart Town -110 bogs guano, 9 cases handles 59 boxes clotlicspegs, 20 bales wool pocks, 16 packages Bklna Coorong for Adolaido ¿te -15 coses bottlos, 0 boga rice, 868 casca brandy 1Í7 packac.es woodonware 12 bags ojatoiB, 7 hhd. 10 casts winos, 21 coses Btout, 4 packages printing materials 15 packages drapery ana si figoods 6 casca orgo B 7 pa kages merchandise, 4 casoB blacuite, 1 caaes Bowing machlnos l8 packages boote, 10 packages Bugar, 6 packages toa PORT PHILLIP HEADS. [BY ELECTRIC TELKQRAPQ ] ARRU RD- Nov 8 Glaslyn, barque from Mauritius. CarliBle, Bhip, from Livorpool Bob Boy, Bteamor, from Portland. Bhip in sight Outside Heads, ship unknown BAILED -NOV 8 Loch Vennochor, sblp for London. Hurra) s.a., for Tort Albert Otway s B , for Portland. Julia Percy, s a, for Portland CAPE SCHANCK. Nov 8 -Lady Darling, s s. CAPE OTWAY Nov 8.-Inward-9 am. Bhip unknown 180 p.m Ont Ida Bblp, acboonor, unknown 8pm.' Tai joro, U. M a, from G alio, should reach the Heads «bout 8.89 p m. PORT OF SYDNEY ARRIVED Nov 7-Singapore, R.MS.S, from Hong Kong, Boomerang, from Rockhampton SAILED Nov 7 -Tambaroora, for Rockhampton , City of Molbourno, for Molbourno, Florence Boiloy, for New Caledonia. PORT OF NEWCASTLE ARRIVED Nov 8.-Cheviot, from Sydnoy SAILED Nov 7- Jano Spiers and Cathorlno Jano, for Mel- bourne PORT OF BRISBANE. ARRIVED Nov 7 -Bowen, B M S.S., from Sydney, James Paterson and Edina, from Maryborough , Pioneer, from Molbourno, Lord Ashley, from Cooktown. BAILBD NOT 7 -James Paterson and Edina, for Sydnoy ; Lady Young, for Maryborough FOB! OF ADELAIDE. ARRIVED -Nov 7 -Corio, from London. Nov a-Royal Shepherd, from Port Augusta, Sailor Prince, from Yorke s Peninsula. BAILUP Hov, 7 -Tanjore and Penola, for Molbourno IIMELBOUBNB OBSERVATORY. Lat 87deg 40min. 63soo. B. ; Ion. 9h 88m in 51-tSaoe X. Tors BALL.-TIME or DRAW. OBSBRVATORT KEAN TUM» Nov &-No Signal Date and Hour Baromoter At Soo Le vol Attached Therm. Temp, of. Air. Nov. 7, S p.m. .. Nor. 7,0pm. _ Nov 8, 9 am. , Nov 8,8pm. 29728 29-930 80t50 29-960 03-0 617 610 635 70 8 54 5 59-0 631 FOBT-ornoi CLOCK, Nov 8 -At 1 p m. : l8 Sa. slow MURRAY, MURRUMBIDGEE, OVENS, AND GOULBURN RIVERS. Nov 8 - Bar Thor Above lummer Lovol. Wind and Weather. Wahgunyah. Echuca Swan hill . Albury , Hay Barwon - Namoi ., 29 55 20 80 13010 56 68 65 ft In. 6 6 l8 0 11 0 14 0» 14 0" W, very Ught ; fine Calm, fine Calm, fino W .fine,dear 8 , fine Fino Fine . Falling SWAN HILL -Passed-Ymlcrday . Ethel Jackson Irom Hay to Echuca The R.M.S.S. Tanjore, Captain J. C. Almond, an cboredln th» bay at half past 1 o'olook ycaterdoy morning from Gulle, whence Bhu h*a made one ol the fastest passages which ha« yrt boon accomplished. Th** T»njnro left Galls at 6 p m on 20th ult,, and had light to moderate southerly wii da with sharp squalls to lat, 8deg 8., and thence carriel fresh 8.K. trad o s to lut. 24deg. 8 , and variable winds with a high S W swell, and fine weather afterwards until 6 p m. on tho 1st inst. Strong W N W winds then set in, with an accompanying high sea, end continued until arrival at King George's Sound at ft quarter to 8 p m. on the 2nd inst. Alter leaving tbo Sound at a quarter to 10 a.m on the 3rd inst, a fresh westerly gale prevailed, causing a high sea. The galo WAS accompanied with hard squalls, and tho weather did not moderate until tho 6th Inst Tho Tanjore arrived at Glenelg at a quarter to 11 p m, on the Oth lust., and left again at 8 a ra. on tho 7th, anchoring lu the bay as above. She was to le*vo again for Sydnoy to-day, after landing the Melbourno portion ol hor cargo. TUE project of converting tho 8.6. Ellon Into a sail- ing vteaol, sovon montbB ago, was considered a dubious undertaking by not a few oxporloncod pooplo, and several cogent objections wore urged to tho alleged throwing away of money on tho alteration. Tho result ot hor maldon voyago to Calcutta and back, howover, has proxed lncontcstably that tho KI lora aa a Bailing vessel Is an unqualified succow, and, as already dated. Captain Clayton has every reason to bo thoroughly Bat It lied with tho behaviour ol his ship on tho run up and ou tbo roturo trip Tho Ellora, It will be recollected! was hurrtod away from port rather sooner than abo ought to have boen, with a pood many crudities ai d imperfections vlslblo on deck and elsewhere. During tho time soo has boon away, however, Captain Clayton aud his o (Bee ra have not been idh», and tho ship now Is not only clean and trim, but displays as much neatness and order below and aloft us if she bad been still in her former sorvlco Of her smart papsago of 36 days to Calcutta mention has already been ruado, and after lauding ber horses and taking In a cargool grain, castor oil, cornaacks, &C.;, sho left again for Melbourno on September 20, but waa detiined at Sand Beads by advorso winds until September 20, on which dato she took hor departure Light head winda were mot with all down the Bay of Bongal, and tho equator was crossed on tho 17th driy out in ion 91deg K. The winds in tho SE tradiB wrro strong, and wcro carried from lat 8deg S to lat 27dcg S Moderato westorly winda followed to Capo Otway, which wss roundod at 0 p m. on the G h li at (40 da) s out from Sand Heads), and tho Bhlp WBB then put undor lower topsails, so as to roach tho lit ada easily by daylight noxt morning On tho return trip no opportunity waa afforded, by strong steady breezes, of tho ship making a display of hor Balling capabilities, and tho Lost spin mado waa ou Monday last, whon she was somo 76 milos from Capo Otwoy, and a compile hod that distance In fivo hours ard tbrco quarters Tho Ellora, it is more than lib ely, will return again to Calcutta direct Bho was bor the d at tho Sandridge town pier yesterday to dis- charge cargo THE barquo Queen ol tho South, 22 days out from Calcutta to Canterbury, N Z, was Bpokon by tho Kilara In laL 4 do g S , and Ion. 94dog K THE Glaslyn has mado an excellont passujofrom Natal, having loft that port on the 8th ult She brings a full cargo of BUHU, and Captain Kirkpatrick io ports having carried fresh favourable breezes, with now and then an intervening calm, during tho paBsago The barquo as usual is In thorough order. TUB Trench barquo Enfant do Nantais, which was here somo months ago, and then loaded with broad etuffB at Adelaldo for Natal, was totally wrocked off that port in Soptomber last. Sho parted her anchors during a very heavy gale, and went ashore. No lives weio lost, bul tho whole of her cargo from Adolaldo went to the bottom with thoxoesol TUP BP. Bob Roy, from Portland via Bellast aud Warrnambool, left tbo latter port at half past 5pm on luesday, rounded Capo Otway at 10 minutes to 11 p m , entored tho Heads at 10 minutes to 0 a m on Wednesday, arriving alongside Quoou'a wharf at half past 0 samo morning Experienced strong south- westerly galo throughout tho passage. Tim Marie, a Danish brig, from Natal for Sydnoy, was Bpoken by the Glaslyn whon tho latter was two dt>ys out from Natal IIIK ss Coorong left the Qioon's wharf yestorday for Adelaldo, via tho In termed ia to ports TUB Conference, a substantial-looking iron clipper barquo which has arrived in port, is from Mauritius, with a full cargo of sugar She left Port Louis on tbo 6th ult., and had moderate S E winds on tho first port of tho paseago Westerly winds wore fallen In with afterwards, freshening occas on ally into heavy galo ; and on October £2, during a gale of exceptional violence, several heavy seas broke on board, filling tho deckß, and washing away all unsecured articles Tho wester.} winds wero succeeded by easterly woathor for BO\ oral days until making this coast, whon westerly winds wero again fallon In with. TUB brig Alexandia, a Shorclnm clipper, which found new owners hero somo timo ago, is from Mau- ritius on this trip, and brings a car«o ol' now sugar Her sailing dato from Port Louis is the 3rd ult., aud the master reports having had variablo aud westerly winda throughout the passage Tho brig was towed up the river yo & tord ay to dlecnargo cargo TUB iron clipper ship Partbonopo, it appears, Is not to leavo for Rangoon all at once, as was antici- pated. It is said that sho has boon taken up to con- voy hoiBca to Madras, and jcbtorday Bho was berthed alongside tho Sandridge town pier to bo Qitod up for the reception of her living freight 2HR largo Iron clipper ship Uuelda, from Calcutta, passed Capo Otway yesterday afternoon, and waa expected to reach the bay to day tan Bhlp Carlisle, from Liverpool was telegraphed as liavlug arrived at the Heads y tete rd ay afternoon, and was expected to reach the bay last ni if ht. TUB Loch Vennachar, for London, was towed from tho bay }e£torday morning by tbo steamer Rescue, and passed through the Hoads at 10 mlutites to 8 o'clock. TUB American barque Nehomiah Gibson, having comploted discharge of hor inward cargo, was towed out frcm the Sandridge town pier to tho bay yestor- day, and will sall shortly for Newcastle 0 IIB barque Zella was taken Into tho Ilobßon'a Bay floating dock yestorday a IIB fchtp Hollisdale, for London, was towed from the bay jesterdny hy the steamer Alburosa 1 IIB barquo Hatal Queen noa towed down the river to tho bay yestorday AKIUVAL OF THE S S. ST. OSYTH. This magnificent steamship, which has done much towards popularising tho Capo routo arrived In tho bay early yesterday morning from Lindon via Ply- mouth, with a full complement of pasaengors for Mel bourne and Hydnoy, and aleo a largo canto for both potts. TÜÜSL 0*)thfrom her presont, no less than her proviouB performances, may ho fairly credited with having dono very much towarda demonBtrat ing the feasibility of tho pasaago to this colony being accomplished in 46 da>B and under with com par ali vo t-aso ; and tho fact of her continuing in tho Au st ral Un tr>do ma> be accepted as a proof that it Ia worth tbo while of tbo omiorB aud others ínteres ted to keop her thoro Tho St Osyth on this trip, witnout any special efforts having been made, haa accomplished the run from the anchorage at Plymouth to Caps Otway in 44 days 10 hours Tho engines were at no timo taxed to the full extent of thtsir capability, Tho8t,Osjthr on her prosent voy- age has travelled eomuthlog like 11 200 miles, and hor steaming speed has been at the rate of closo on 260 miks per day. Buring the time at sea on tho run out she had her square canvas set for 850 hours, and her fore-and alt canvas tor 108 hourn, and tho fact of tbcro being no stoppigos worth recording Is an Indication that her machinery waa In ad ml cabio workiig ordor Captain M'Nabb has agaiu fiignalletd hltueolt bv bringing lator nowspaper dates from home, and but for tho unusuilty quick run made by tho UM SB. Tanjore, hor files would have been of considerable lntoroot and importance The St Osyth, aftor embarking passongors and taking in Borne light cargo, left Plymouth on Soptem ber 23, and bad to contend against heavy B W. galos and a high head sea on tho early patt of tho voyago, but mot with ploasantor woathor afterwards. Light variable winds prevailed in tho N E trades, and after quitting thom in lat 12dcg N, southerly and S E, wlods sot in Tho Btoamor crosaod tho equator on October 0 In Ion 12deg W , and hid fctroog breezcB. with a heavy ho id sea, through tho 8 E trades. Uill) morid I an of tho Capo of Good Hope was crossed on October 10 In lat 41 deg 40mln 8, but all across the Southern Ocean Captain M'Nabb mado his track in tho higher latitudes, and went as far south as tho 40th parallel Variable winds from W to N E. prevailed from the Capo to this coast, and Bnow squalls and showers of Blect wero experienced Somo good running was mado, and just boforo arrival In port 818 and 811 knots wero loggod. Tho Btoamor's performance vas very oven throughout, and shows that tho voyage might havo boon abbreviated by somo days. Tho St Osyth, aftor boing cloared by tho health officer, and Mr A.K Roso, senior immigration officer, waa berthed alongside tho Sandridge railway pier yesterday morning, and tho work of discharging cargo commenced forthwith. It Is expected that tho Melbourno portion will bo out by Saturday, and that tho steamer will reeumo her voyage to Sydnoy on that day or Monday, During yesterday she was a special object of Attraction to tho numerous country visitors who patronised tho pier Tho St Ssyth, at tor landing pMsengors and cargo In Sydney, and taking her dead weight and coal there, will rotura horo to complete lier loading for London. 