THE DAY'S SUMMARY. Tub' Legislative Council met at tho usual hour yesterday afternoon. Tho Assembly's messago respecting the resumption of runs in tho sottlod districts was considered in ooin mittce'iiH gloho, and passed without amend ment. The Department of Justice Bill wns read a first time. The Fire Brigade's Bill went through committee with a fow amendments of no great consequence. Tho Victoria Bridgo Bill was road a third time, and passed. Tho Assembly's message respecting- the proposed now railways was considered in committee. Tho resolution providing for the Maryborough and Gympie railway was lost on a division by 10 to 9 votes. Mr. Mein then said it would bo necessary to consult his colleagues as to the courso they would take under the circumstances. Tho further consideration of tho resolutions was postponed, and the House adjourned at a quarter past 0 until tho usual hour to-day. The Legislative Assembly met at tho usual hour yesterday afternoon. Tho Department of Justice Bill was read a third time and passed. The House went into Committee of Supply, and passed tho remaining Supplementary Esti mates. The Houso adjourned at twenty minutes past 10 until the usual hour to- day. A special meeting of the members of the South Brisbane Mechanics' Institute will be held this evening. , . ' L , ; At the Police Court yesterday, Samuel Russell, charged with larceny from Messrs. Hoffnungand Co!, was discharged, andWilliam Stevens, on a similar charge, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment with hard labour. . 'Formosa.' was performed again at the Theatre last night, and will be given again this evening for the last time. * The Royal Illusionists perform to-night for the last time but one. . ' ; A special general meeting of the members of tho South Brisbane Mechanics' Institute will bo held on November 29. ' : The Premier and Minister for Lands of New South 'Wales have returned to Sydney, after a most successful tour in the Southern districts. Their rccoption everywhere was mostenthusi astic. . . ?''..,? The new Italian Opera Company in Sydney continues to draw large houses. .'-..-? The All-England Eleven have arrived in Melbourne, and are expected to leave for Sydney on Monday. ; Our Sydney telegram dated yesterday, but which. arrived too late for yesterday's Telegraph confirms the ' extraordinary' of the Courier which we published yesterday in our telegra phic column. ! The Rev. Mr. Hack delivered a lecturo at tho Wharf-street Baptist Church last night on the ' Manners, Customs, and Traditions of the. Japanese.' Another will be delivered this evening. The Rev. A. Rutledge will deliver a lecture on William III to-morrow evening at tho Con gregational Church, South Brisbane. Tiie flags of the various vessels in port were at half-mast;to-day out of respect to the memory of the late Mr. Studholme B. Hart. The rejection of the Maryborough and Gympie Railway in the Upper House by a single vote has placed the Govern ment in a very awkward predicament. The Railway Reserves Bill, and the whole scheme of railways connected ?with it, was introduced for the purpose of giving effect to local enterprise by applying a certain proportion of the land revenue to the construction of railways. To a great extent it local ised the liability, and provided a material guarantee for the carrying out of those undertakings -which the public, not un justifiably, associate with progress. This measure passed by a commanding majority through the Assembly, and was not seriously opposed in the Upper House. But when it comes to be prac tically tested, and when the Upper House is asked to authorise a line in a district which haB suffered sadly from the effect of neglect in tho expenditure of money for purposes of this kind, the nominee branch of the Legislature place their veto upon a work which is clearly demanded by every argument of justice and expediency. 'What, then, is to be done under the circumstances ? The most immediate remedy which suggests itself is the nomination of a sufficient number of members to cure the defect. But. here the Governor has to be consulted.' 'We are not aware whether any advice in this respect has been tendered, nor, if it haB been, are wo aware whether it is likely to be accepted. The probability is that.it would not be, that it would be held opposed to constitutional practice to make nominations during tho session, and that, even if nominations were made, they might not have the con templated effect. It is well known, indeed, that even the minority ?which supported the Government on this vote could not be depended on to -sustain their action, if any pressure which they might consider undue, was brought to bear on the members at present constituting the Upper House. So that it would appear impossible to secure consent by compulsion. Per suasion, therefore is the only re source ; and we fear that persuasion is almost useless, hope men like Mr. Gibbon, Mr. E. I. C. Buowke, and Mr. Box — men who have hitherto been associated with ideas of national pro gres — are found voting against the ap plication of the principlo which they have already endorsed by their consent. Wo presume that but one courso is open to the Government under these circumstances. They stated to the Assembly that their scheme was homogeneous — that they would not consent to sacrifice the interests of one district to the interests of another, and that, if their proposal was to be accepted at all, it must be acceeted as a wholo. Tho same prin ciple must apply to tho Upper House.1 It may be rather hnrcl that tho Stan thorpe people should suffer becauso the people of tho Burnott and Wido Bay cannot sccuro something like justice. But wo see no help for it. _ The Liberal party ? have been united during tho session by the recog nition of a principle hold in common. If they stick to that principle they will prevail. They will hind together the different-parts of the colony by a com munity of. interests which will socure them oventual success. But, if they yield, and if thoy open their ranks to tho insiduous attacks of their oppo nents they will fail'*, and they will perish as a party, lhe passing of tho Maryborough and Gympio Railway is the key to the whole position. Mr. Palmer and ? his party know, full well that if they can divide tho Brisbane, Ipswich, and 'Wide Bay members on this question, they may, and most pro b.ibly will, break up tho Liberal Party altogether. , Any attempt on tho part of the Southern members to autho rise the Stanthorpe line apart from the Gympio lino means destruction to the Liberal party. It means a com bined vote of the five Burnett and 'Wide Bay members against any Go vernment which would countenance for a single moment any such action. It means the enforced alliance of a strong northern parly — headed possibly by Mr. Paimeu— against a weak southern party ; but counsel the leaders of the liberal party to stand firm. They have shown that they can com bine; that they can waive minor differences to attain their ends. They have done real work this session— such work as has not yet been done since Queensland was a colony. Let them stand firm, united and determined. If they cannot carry their railway mea sures this session, let them withdraw them as a whole. Let them perfect this work, reintroduce it with renewed' vigour next session ; and if then they find any wavering in their ranks, let them test their constituencies them selves on a question in which the. people are so vitally interested. ; Os the 7th September a select com mittee was appointed by the Legislative Assembly to enquire into and report upon the question of Polynesian labour in this colony. ? After examining twenty four witnesses and a number of islanders, the committee have at last brought up their report. It is unfortunate that the session is so near its close, that there is no chance of the recommendations of the committee being acted upon this session, as the foundation of a new Polynesian Act, but it i'b to be hoped that the Government will bo prepared nest, year with a fair and equitable measme. 'We are glad to learn from-this committee that abuses under the present Act are more possible than actual, and that since it was passed in 1870 there is every reason to sup pose both the recruiting and treat ment of islanders have been much more carefully ; attended to than formerly. On a future occasion we may give an analysis both of the report arid the evidence. 'We wish now to direct attention to- a' concluding paragraph, not forming exactly a portion of the report,' but appended to it as tho private opinion of only one memher'df the committee, Mr.- Bailey;. It is as follows : — ' I wish to add to tho' above' report my opinion that such regulations should be made as would prevent South Sea Islanders being- employed in towns' unless married, arid' then only men Who have been previously .employed ., in Queensland for at least three years. I would also suggest that a --larger*, pro portion of wives should be induced to accompany their husbands, both for tho greater happinesB of the Islanders and for the sake of public morality.' 'We have looked carefully through the evidence, and as ,we find very little touching on this, point we presume that this opinion or suggestion must have rosnlted from Mr. Bailex's private experience as a resident in a district where a large number of Islanders are employed, although he himself is notj-— bo- far as- we can learn, an employer of this kind of labour. The opiniori is worthy of attention, for it plainly shows a wish to induce these labourers to becomo permanent settlers in the colony, instead of desultory visitors, and the question naturally arises, 'is this desirable?' Of the few witnesses who were examined on this point, Mr. Cuhtis, who, as Government Agent, brought twelve females to the colony, stated that they were remark ably well conducted. (This, by the by, is more than Dr. Tehple says of the female Danish and German immi grants by tho Reichstag), and in answer to the question ' Do yon not think a larger proportion of females should be introduced ?' replied, ' I think ' so, decidedly.' Again we find three ques tions put by Mr. Bailey to Mr. Gordon Sandeman, which seem to furnish a clue to'afc least a' portion of the addition to the report. The ques tions were, 'In.. your part of the country have any 1 cases' 'of rap'e ';by Polynesians ocourred?' Answer:1 'I have never heard 'of .one.' 'Do you not. think that allowing Islanders to re} main in the colony without wives leaves the door open for the lowest form of prostitution?' Answer: 'I am aware that the subject is open to that objec tion, and for my own part I should be glad to import Islanders who brought their wives with them ; at the same time I should not compel them all to bring their wives.'. 'If facilities were afforded to - them to bring their wives, do you not think a great many more would settle permanently in the colony ?' ' They might, perhaps.' Again, at tho conclusion of Mi'. W. BnooKEs' ovidenco, Mr. Bailet asks — 'Do you know whether a number of Islanders in Brisbane aro in the habit of attending roligious worship ?' Answer: 'I believe that several do, and I believe the Rev. 7- KmosronD's Church, in Fortitude Yalley, and the Rev. E. Griffith's. Church have done all they could for them.' 'Do you know whether in one Church, I think it is the Primitive Methodist Church on Spring Hill, tho Islanders have a reli gious service in their own language?' Answer — 'JSTo, I am not aware of that. But I believe the Islanders havo had a religious service in some part of the promises of Mr. Alfred Davidson on Bowen Terrace.' The evident drift of those questions is to show that Islanders may become perfectly civilised here, that there are dangers in the present system of bring ing hero large numbers of men without females, and that in towns it -leads to most degrading vices, that when civilised as married men thoy .may bo very useful labourers, and that the employment of newly arrived Islanders in towns is demoralising both to whites;and blacks. It is to bo regretted that the committee did nofc.seo fit to 'enquire more fully into this branch of tho subject, so that instead of being, appended to the re port as tho opinion of ono member only it might havo appsared as the opinion of all in the body of the report. Mr. Bailey's suggestions, however, com mend themselves to those who have long watched with interest the development of the Polynesian immigration, and, we hope, will be acted upon. It is time that tho indiscriminate einployrnent of Islanders in towns should be checked. Already in places like Maryborough it has become a serious matter, and the working classes- have bitterly coiri/ plained of the unfair competition, whicji the member for 'Wide Bay, evidently, wishes to place on a better footing, and to prevent those moral abuses which would naturally result from the herd ing together in our centres of popula tion of recently arrived savages. 'We required a 'reminder that these are men of strong animal- passions,, which ill adapt them for a life of ' enforced celibacy, and it certainly is not desir able to allow marriages of South Sea Islanders, however civilised, with white women, several of which marriages have already taken place. The Liberai. Paktt. — We learn, on good authority, that a 'caucus' of the Liberal party was held this morning, to consider sovoral questions of importance at tho present junc ture, more especially the action of tho majority in tho Counoil with reference to the railway policy of tho Government. There was a full attendance. It wns, wo believe, decided that it would not be wise to makp any addition to the number of members^ in the Upper House at the present time, but to allow that branch of the .Legislature to take their own course and loave on them the onus of rejecting tho railway policy of the Government. At tho same time it was unanimonsly decided that, all the proposed lines must bo accepted, and if tho Council persisted in rejecting any ono of them, the wholo must bo abandoned for the present. . Telegraph Extension in- the.Xorth.— Lats night, when Mr. Thorn moved some addi tional items connected with tho northern gold fields, Mr. Murphy drew attention to the desiro ubleness of extending the telegraph line to Thornborough, which elicited the pleasing reply from the ' Promier 'that tho Government wore fully nlivo to the importance of .that district, and that ho would bring' tho matter of the ex- : tension in question -before his colleagues with out delay,' -with the view of its being carried 'putr~ Speaking generally, the electric tele graph has . been, without doubt, the means of accomplishing more progress -in this colony than any other Government insti tution. It has brought ; tho' 'centres of 'population ' within easy, and rapid communication with the most remote parts of tho colony, thus enabling the people to transact business with each other, who other wise would bo utterly debarred from doing so. And in' this particular ' instance, a telegraph lino to tho Hodgkinson, tho benefits likely to accrue aro oven beyond the average. A large number of pooplo in Brisbane are direotly in terested in tho reefs and crushing machines at this goldfiold, and ono of the greatest obstaclos to moro ontorpriso taking this direction lies in the fact that it ia impossible to calculate with any degree of certainty when a com munication to or . from that place will roach its destination. Only the other day, wo were informed of the case of an agent employed by some Brisbano capitalists to manage their interests at Thornborough, having to travel all! the way to Townsvillo, via Cairns, in order to command tho use of a telegraph lino, it being necessary that ho should obtain instructions from his principals as to.somo business matters. Accident. — Tho Milton ico cart met with an accident in Queen-street shortly after 8 o'clock this morning. Tho vehiclo, which is a foul wheeled ono, was boing driven down tho street atamodorato paoo, whon what is technically known as tho ' ring bolt' gave way, and tho hack part of tho waggon became detached from tho front. Tho horse, finding Mb burden sud denly lightened, bolted down the street with the portion of tho vehicle remaining attached to him, the driver being thrown out with considerable force about Edward-street. Tho- runaway animal was stopped at Potrie's Bight, and the only damage done to tho vehicle wbb' some slight injury to tho hind springs.;. Tho drivor was considerably bruised, but his injuries are not of a vory serious nature. :. ..'?.'''.'? Landslip in- QyEEx- BTitEET. — TVo observe that a landslip has occurred in Quoen-streot just opposite tho School of Arts, whioh',' if not at onco attended 'to, will- probably causo some serious accident. It is situatod. right opposite tho Sohool of Arts Hotel, and diroctly over tho main sowor recently constructed by Messrs'. \Valtors and Pattonr ; ? .,.,,-, | Accident on Tins Eailway.— An accident leading to tho detention of tho first down train from Toowoomba, ocourred this morning near tho Victoria Tunnol on tho Littlo Liverpool Bange. It appears: that' the train, which left Toowoomba at 0.40 a.m. this morning arrived in good timo at Victoria Tunnel, but whon coming down towards Qrandchestcr tho foro -wheels of ono of tho composite carriages got off tho lino, causing somo alarm to tho passongors. Tho train was at onco stoppod, and no damngo whatever occurred, tho only mishap being tho loss of timo in gotting the carriago on to tho lino. Mr. Stntham Lowo proceeded at onco to tho scene of tho accident; The Effect of the Extreme Heat on Houses. — Tho intonBO heat of tho weather is beginning to tell on tho horses employed in tho public vohicles of this city. Sovoral horses havo died latoly from tho effects of tho weather,' and this morning a fine horse driven in ono of Mr. Chalk's omnibusses, whon coming in from tho Valley, was seized with staggers, and died in a few minutes after being taken out of the vehiole. ''' ? ?? ; 