INTRODUCTION. When the last mail left business in Parliament was at a standstill, and there were ominous indications of a bitter struggle between the supporters of the McCulloch Government and the narrow minority in opposition. The minority had distinctly refused to grant supplies unless a dissolution were granted, the Opposition leaders declaring their de- termination to die on the floor of the House rather than yield, and the Govern- ment had announced their intention of adopting means which would compel the granting of supplies. The Opposition were allowed to per- severe with their obstructive tactics for a given time until the inconvenience of the stoppage of public payments began to be generally felt, and then the Govern- ment introduced the first of their measures of coercion. This was a rosolu- tion to the effect that during the re- mainder of the session the Government business should be called on not later than 5 o'clock. The House sat during the whole night with closed doors, the Opposition members talking against time to defeat this proposition, but the motion was carried without a division after a sitting of some l8 hours The minority still continuing to provent any business being transacted, the Go- vernment introduced a resolution for the adoption of a new standing order, pro- viding that when any motion has been moved in the House or in committee, a resolution may, without notice, be pro- posed "that the motion be now put," whereupon such resolution shall be put forthwith. This proposition became known as "the iron hand," some re- marks of a private member having supplied that convenient title. It was donounced by the Opposition as an at- tempt to stifle discussion ; but a similar standing order works satisfactorily in South Australia and other places, and it is akin to the French plan of la clôture. The utmost excitement prevailed on the 8th inst., when this motion came on for discussion, and the partisans of the mi- nority filled the Parliament-yard with a somewhat disorderly mob, which, doubt- less, hoped to overawe the Ministe- rialists. Both parties in the House were told off in relays, and arrange- ments were made to sit continuously for a week if necessary - the fate of the resolution having to be decided by a trial of physical force. Early in the evening, while complaint was being made of the disorderly conduct of Mr. Lalor, the member for South Grant, strangers were ordered-out of the chamber. The House sat continuously, excepting one or two brief intervals, with closed doors from the night of the 8th inst. until a quarter past 11 o'clock on the night of the 10th inst., when the Government were victorious, the "stonewall," as the Oppositionists called themselves, having utterly collapsed. This result was brought about much quicker than it othorwise would havo been in conse- quence of the Opposition having in- advertently allowed a Ministerialist to move " the previous question," the effect being to prevent the minority fron moving any further amendment. The Government carried their "ironhand' resolution by a majority of 41 votes to 20\. The Opposition then saw that any further obstruction would be futile, and on the next meeting of Parliament a Supply Bill was passed through both Houses. During the sittings with closed doors there were not only unruly scenes in the Parliament-yard, but grossly disorderly ones in the Legislativo Assembly, the leaders of the Opposition being greatly infuriated by their impending defeat. Mr. Lalor, who on previous occasions had behaved in an insulting manner to the Speaker, said in an under- tone, just loud enough for the occu- pant of the chair to hear, " This is a corrupt House, presided over corruptly." Mr. Lalor refused to withdraw the words or apologise. He was adjudged guilty of contempt, and threatened with committal to the custody of the sergeant-at- arms, but on a subsequent day he apologisod, and the apology was accepted. Mr. McKean, who had called an hon. member "a d-d sweep," was also allowed to escape with an apology. The budget proposals of the Govern- ment are now under consideration. Not- withstanding the adoption of the new standing order, the Government have shown every disposition to allow the fullest latitude of debate, and they are not pledged to adhere to every detail of their scheme. The Opposition, though their obstructive power has been greatly lessened, and in spite of their crushing and humiliating de- feat, still avail themselves of every opportunity to delay the transaction of the public business, and leading members of the party have addressed meetings in various parts of the country in the hope of stirring up sympathy in their own behalf. The Government have carried their land and property tax, and the tax on bank notes ; and the income-tax, against which there is a strong opposition, is now before the Assembly. There is every probability of their financial programme, in a slightly modi- fied form, being adopted in a few days. Addresses to His Excellency the Governor, praying him to dismiss his political advisers and dissolve the Legis- lative Assembly, have been adopted at one or two Opposition meetings. The reply in each case has of course been a polite refusal. Therehave been three elections to the Legislative Assombly this month. At Villiers and Heytesbury, the Hon. Joseph Jones, Minister of Railways, defeated Sir John O'Shanassy by a majority of 383 votes. For East Bourke Boroughs Mr. Cook, the Opposition can- didate, obtained a majority of 141 over the Ministerial candidate, Mr. Staley. The election for Collingwood, to fill a vacancy occasioned by the death of the Hon. J. F. Sullivan, took place yester- day. The Opposition party had two can- didates-Mr. J. Mirams and Mr. W. Gaunson. The Ministerialists were re- presented by Mr. G. D. Carter. The result was the election of Mr. Mirams by a large majority, the numbers being Minims, 2,440 ; Cartor, 1,287 ; Garnison, 307. SOCIAL. The mail steamer China, which left Galle on the 13th January with the mails for Aus- tralia, had to put back, in consequence of the breaking of her eccentric. She again left on 20th January, but on the 4th and 6th Feb. uary two slight accidents to the same por- tion of the machinery caused further delay, and more time was lost in consequence of the course of the vessel being altered to avoid running into the vortex of a cyclone. The China therefore made a rather long passage, arriving at Adelaide on the 17th inst., and at Melbourne on the 19th. She was closely fol- lowed by the Avoca. Whichh arrived only 36 hours later. The AVOCA brought an extra mail, her London dates being to January 7, a fortnight lator than those of the China. The Avoca comes to take the place of the Ellora in carrying mails between Melbourne and Sydney. The Zealandist, one of the new steamships constructed for the San Francisco and Aus- ralian mail service, arrived on the 4th inst, after a rapid passage of 40 days eight hours. There was a detention at St. Vincent for coaling and the time occupied under steam was 43 days 14 hours. The steamer, which was much admired during her short stay at the Sandridge pier, went on to Sydney on the 7th inst. The San Francisco mail steamer Granada arrived at Sydney on the 6th inst, having made a fine run from San Francisco of a little over 27 days. The Australian mail, which left London on De- cember 16, and was due at San Francisco on the 2nd January, did not arrive there until the 8th, detaining the Granda six days after her advertised sailing time. The delay was owing to the prevalence of fogs on the Atlantic coast which prevented the European steamers making port. Telegraphic communication with New Zea- land has been successfully established. The New South Wales end of the cable was laid at Botany Bay on Saturday, February 5, and the Hibernia and Edinburgh, the tw0 steamers engaged in laying the submarine cable then proceeded on their voyage to New Zealand. The work was performed in a very expeditious and successful manner the whole work being completed within a fortnight. The New Zealand end of the cable was landed at Nelson. On the comple- tion of the work congratulatory messages passed between the Governor of New Zea- land and the Governors of the various Aus- tralian colonies. The charge for sending messages from Melbourne to New Zealand is 10s 6d. for 10 words, and 1s. for every additional word. The United States corvette Tuscarora has arrived at Brisbane. She has been taking deep sea soundings from San Francisco to Honolulu, and thence to Moreton Bay in view of the proposed construction of a sub- marine cable between San Francisco and Queensland. It is understood that the route is considered particularly favourable for the projected cable. After coaling and provisioning the Tuscarora will proceed via Sydney to Auckland, and run a line of soundings thence to Kandavu, to ascertain the feasibility of cable connexion. At the mayor's quarterly luncheon, held on February 9, His Excellency the Governor was present. In reply to the toast of his health, His Excellency, in one of his charac- teristic speeches, expressed his pleasure at again enjoying the hospitality of the corpora- tion. He recounted the honours he had re- ceived during his visit home. "AtRome, he said, "I was welcomed with open arms by the Royal Family and statesmen of Italy and I was told that I am the only man who ever was received at private interviews in the course of 48 hours and with equal cor- diality by the King, by the Pope, and by Garibaldi .So, too, in America I met with the greatest courtesy from all the pub- lic men - from General Grant to Brigham Young, from the President of the United States to the president of the Mormons." Of the political position he said, "On my return I found myself in the centre of one of those political typhoons which periodically disturb the usually calm atmo- sphere of the Australian colonies. But on this very stormy question I will only say that I have every confidence that the good sense and moderation of our national character and the well known capacity for self govern- ment of the Anglo Saxon race, will find a way out of the present difficulty, as tbey have found ways out of worse difficulties and that the political tempest will soon blow itself ont." An important meeting of about 50 wool- growers was held on February 14, at Scott's Hotel. Mr P A. Jennings presiding to hear certain statements from Dr Rowe and Mr. James Cochrane, who represented a com- mittee of gentlemen in London who had in quired into grievances alleged to exist in the wool trade there. Dr Rowe and Mr Coch- rane presented certain resolutions arrived at by the committee in London, and explained the action taken by them, of which they had formed a part. These resolutions recom- mended that the committee of the Wool Merchants' Association, acting for the con- signées, should appoint independent persons to attend the weighing of all wool delivered from the ships, and to check the various weights, that in all cases where wools have been lotted and in course of being arrranged for sale, tbat the consignee or his agent should be at the warehouse and have a few bales weighed occasionally, whenever he may elect that the auctioneer should have instruc- tions to take bids of id per lb for all lots of wool offered for sale. A resolution thank- ing the committee and Dr. Rowe and Mr. Cochrane for what they had done was agreed to, and also one appointing a committee here to act with the London committee in matters connected with the trade, but the meeting had dwindled down to about a dozen persons when the latter resolution was passed, many of those who had attended having left between the proposing of the resolution and its adoption. By the mail the reply of the Colonial Wool Merchants Association was received, declining in effect to alter the existing arrangements. The movement for the shipment of frozen meat under Mort and Nicolle's freezing process has received satisfactory support, and there is no doubt that the funds will be forthcoming to despatch the trial cargo. On the 14th inst a meeting of persons desirous of assisting in the movement to send a cargo of fresh meat from Sydney to London under this process was held at Scott's Hotel Mel- bourne. About 50 gentlemen, principally stockowners were present. Mr P. A. Jen- nings, of Sydney gave a sketch of the history of the project stating that Mr Mort had always declined to take the first step until he was confident of success .The sum of £25 000 was required, of winch £17 000 had already been promised in New South Wales, and it was intended only to ship the very best meat that could be procured. A resolution was unanimously passed, stating that the move- ment was worthy of support, and encourage- ment, and an influential committee was ap- pointed to collect subscriptions in farther- ance of the object After the meeting was over, Mr P. A. Jennings mentioned that a telegram had been received from Sydney, stating that promises had been received there amounting to £17,500, or three quarters of the entile amount required The telegram also stated that the Commercial Bank had promised £250 and it was hoped the banks in Melbourne would follow their example His Honour Mr. Justice Bury has obtained twelve months' leave of absence, and has left the colony on a visit to Europe. He will represent Vittoria at the approaching Phila- delphia Exhibition. Prior to his departure he was presented with an address from the members of the bar. The address was read to his Honour by the Attorney General on behalf of the barristers and was responded to in suitable phraseology by his Honour. There were between 40 and 50 members of the bar present on the occasion. His Honour subsequently left Melbourne on the 7th inst, by the s.s. Wentworth, for Sydney en route for America and England The board appointed to inquire into the management of the Kew Asylum has con- tinued its labours during the month. The charges made by Miss Ellen McKee formerly an attendant at the asylum of cruelty exer- cised by the attendants on the patients have been fully investigated. The evidence on these points was very contradictory but there appears to have been an unsatisfactory con- dinon of things at the asylum. Dr Robert- son, the superintendant, attributed the pre- sent inefficiency of the institution to the mode in which the appomtment of attendants is vested in the Government. When once appointed they are us secure in their position as the superintendent himself however in- competent or unfit for their duties they may prove themselves to be. He is strongly of opinion that the asylum will never be efficiently managed until the sole control of the attendants is placed in the bands of the superintendent who could be made respon- sible to a board of visitors. He pointed out that this practice has been followed with great success in England and in the asylums where it did not prevail the results were most unsatisfactory. The South Melbourne Gas Company have completed the laying down of their mains through the streets of Melbourne. This company has now neatly 50 miles of mains laid down in all. An interesting collection of new and rare plants the gift of Dr Joseph D. Hooker, F.L.S. director of the Royal gardens at Kew has recently been received from Eng- land at the Melbourne Botanic gardens The Japanese Agricultural Commissioners are on a visit to Learmontli Cieswick and the neighbouing districts. They have men- tioned that it is their intenion to establish a firm in Melbourne, so as to exchange Japanese commodities for Victorian wool &c.; The news retaramt the ship blcerryvo e which tuts despatched in in Melbourne to San Francisco itith the Victoimn and Tas- manian exhibits intended for PhiladJi Ina is not satiBftctory. She was cojipillod tj put in at Lj Hilton New Zealand and tv Ulla at that port the crew or a greater portion of them deserted and the captain bocamo quite uiiinanateablo through drink. Money however, being raised ou bottomry bonds a new crew was shipped, the captain recovered, and a fresh start was made on the 9th January. Mr J A Langford, LL D, who is a mem- ber of the Birmingham School Board, arrived in Melbourne by the steamship Somerset shire. He intends making a tour of Aus- tralia, with the view of collecting informa- tion respecting the different systems of edu- cation in operation m the colonies. The railway from Ararat to Stawell has been completed to within a mile of the Sta well railway station, and will be completed through to the town in about two months The railway has been opened for traffic as far as finished. John Rouget, the young man who shot his fellow servant, Mary Hanley, at Hawthorn, and who was committed for trial on the charge of firing at the woman with intent to murder, was acquitted at the Criminal Sessions. The defence was the the occur- rence was accidental. An interesting example has been shown of the uses to which the telegraph may be put for purposes rather of conversation than of correspondence Sir Julius Vogel intended to proceed to Sydney to settle several matters with the Government of New South Wales, which had been referred to him from New Zealand. He found, however, that he was unable to carry out his intention, and a tele graphic conference was suggested. The Government here gave him the free use of the wire as far as it extended in this colony, and on Saturday, January 29, Mr Robertson, the Premier, and Mr Burns, the Postmaster Geneial, of New South Wales, at one end, and Sir Julius Vogel at the other, held a four hours' conversation, during which an understanding was come to on all the sub jects under consideration. In some respects a telegraphic conversation has peculiar ad- vantages. There is less liability to turn to side issues, and there is a disposition to come more directly to the main points Sir Julius Vogel left for New Zealand direct on the Thursday following, in the s s Arawata. The picnic given, according to annual cus tom, by the proprietors of The Argus and 'The Australasian to all connected with the papers, together with their wives and families was held on Saturday, February 12, on the Flem- ington racecourse. This place has been the scene of many festive gatherings of a similar kind in previous years, its vicinity to town and the conveniences afforded by the cammo dious buildings, which were kindly placed at the disposal of the visitors by the Victoria Racing Club, rendering the locale most suit able. The company, numbering over 600, a large proportion of whom were children, started from the Spencer Btreet station shortly before 12 o'clock, a special train having been provided for the purpose Arriving at their destination, the visitors dispersed over the course, and engaged in amusements suited to their various tastes. There was a long programme of athletic sports, which afforded enjoyment both to those who took part in them, and to these who contented themselves with the simpler rôle of spectators About 2 o'clock the company adjourned to luncheon, held in the rooms below the grand stand. The toast of " The proprietors of The Argus and the Australasian! was proposed by Mr. F. W. Haddon, and received an an enthu- siastic manner Mr Hugh George replied on behalf of Mr Edward Wilson, Mr J. S John- ston on behalf of Mr. Mackinnon, and Mr. James Spowers on behalf of his brother Mr Alfred William South, M A, of Trinity College, Cambridge, has been appointed second master of the Church of England Grammar School, in the room of Mr. Leeper, recently elected principal of Trinity College, Melbourne. Mr South is expected to arru o in the Durham, about the 12th of March Mr. William E Russell, B A , exhibitioner of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, has also been appointed to a mastership at the Church of England Grammar School. Mr Russell is travelling in America, and will not arrive until after the midwinter holidays. The death of the Hon J. F. Sullivan, one of the members for Collingwood, and for many years a prominent politician, occurred on February 3. He had suffered from disease of the liver, and jaundice, for many months, but was able to go about until a short time before his death Mr. Sullivan, who was 58 years old at the time of his death, was bom at Waterford, Ireland. He was for many years in America, and arrived in Australia in 1852. He settled down in Sandhurst, and took an active part in public affairs in that district. He was returned to Par- liament for Mandurang m 1861, and continued to sit for the same constituency until 1871, when he retired from Parliament for a time in consequence of ill health. Almost immediately after be was elected in 1861, he accepted office under Mr. Heales as Commissioner of Customs, and continued in that position until the close of the same year, when the Heales Ministry was defeated, and succeeded by the O'Shanassy Ministry. On the defeat of the latter m 1863, and the for- mation of the McCulloch Ministry, Mr Sul- livan accepted a portfolio as Minister for Wines, and held it until March, 1867, when he was appointed Minister of Railways and Roads for about 12 months m 1868, while the Sladen Ministry was in power, he was out of office, but on the re formation of the McCulloch Ministry he again joined it as Minister of Mines, and continued to be a member of it until its defeat in October, 1ECJ. At the last general election, Mr. Sal hvan's health having improved considerably by his retirement from public life, he an nounced himself as a candidate for Colling wood, and was elected by that consti- tuency. The death of Major John Bell, of Bell park, Geelong, has also occurred. He was an old colonist, and arrived in Victoria in 1840, and took up land at Colac in conjunction with Mr Calvert Mr Bell died at the age of 54. He left wealth to the extent, it is estimated, of between £400 000 and £500,000. The visit to the colony of another team of English cricketers appears to have been de- cided on. By the last mail Mr J H Bennett, of Tmerald bill, received a letter from Lilly- white, stating that a team of professional cricketers had been chosen which would fairly represent the best cricketing talent in England. Their names were as follow - Messrs Southerton, Jupp, Greenwood and Lillywhite (who were in the last team), A Shaw, Morley, Hill, Pooley Emmett Charl wood, Lockwood, and Ullyett. The team, who are coming out on their own speculation, are expected to arrive in November next. The conduct of Mr J. G Beaney, one of the honorary surgeons of the Melbourne Hospital, has again been placed before the public in an unfavourable light. It is only a month ago that he laid himself open to censure by performing an operation for lithotomy, winch resulted fatally on a patient named Berth, without consultiug the rest of the staff, as the rules of the institu- tion required him to do. This month a similar case has occurred in connexion with the death of a woman named Margaret Ann Kelly who died in the hospital after undergoing an ope- ration at the hauds of Mr Beaney. The de- ceased suffered from diaease of the knee joint, and on December 2 Mr. Beaney at tempted to excise the joint but finding during the operation that the disease was ex- tensive, bo amputated the leg through the knee joint The operation was performed on the same day as Beith s case, and, as in that case without any consultation with the other honorary surgeons. On the ninth day after the operation the deceased was attacked by erisipelas, but this subsided a few days after- wards. She died on the 29th January, from exhaustion from the effects of the amputa- tion and the debilitated state of the system At the inquest which was held several medical witnes3es wero examined as to tho manner in which the amputation had been performed, and nearly all stated that it would have been better Surgery to have am- putated above the diseased bone. Mr. Beaney gave as his reason for not doing this that such amputations above the knee were in his opinion more dangerous. The verdict of the jury was that the deceased had died from the effects of the amputation which Mr Beaney rashly performed with out consultation - a practice which the jury recommonded the Hospital Com- mittee strictly to prohibit m future. In another case Mr Beaney was by the finding of a coroner's jury found guilty of neglect in not attending to a patient when sent for. The patient was Mr Adolphe Joske, wine mer- rchant who fell through a trap door at Messrj Webster Brothers warehouse, Queen street, Melbourne, and sustained concussion of the brain. He was taken to the hospital, and Mr Beaney was sent for, but although he received several messages requesting him to attend, he did not do so. Mr. Joske died, and although it did not appear that any medical skill would haye availed, Mr Beanet's neglect was regarded as none the less culpable. The report of the Minister of Public In struction for the jeal Wi 3 which tva=i recently presented to Parliament, shows that a substantial and constant increase ia apparent in the numbers attindmg the stato schools, in spite of the previ leuce of infec fir tis diseases duiing the last l8 months While the total number of pupils enrolled in 1872 nas 135,002, with an average attendance of r/8 435 the numbers had risen in 1874 t 216144 enrolled and 104 375 in averag attendance. The number of children in the colony of school age in 1874 was 277 078 and allowing for those who attended more than one school during the year 188 380 distinct individual children at tended the state schools during the year, in addition to 24190 children who were in attendance at private and other schools. The number of schools in operation on 31st August 1876 was 1100 with 113 249scholar, in average attendance and the number of children who up to 31st October 1875 had obtained certificates of education up to titi compulsory standard was 10 430 The de- partment the report says may now claim to bave brought the means of education within the reach of most of the children in the colony. As to the cost of the department it appears that the expenditure between the 1st July 1874 and 30th June 1875 was £5G5 91 17s 8d Of this amount £250 053 7s 5d was paid as salaries to teachers and £173 91' 10a was expended on buildings, sites fences furniture &c.; A very interesting ceremony took place or the 7th inst in the Executive council cham- ber when His Excellency the Governor, in the presence of the members of the Execu- live Council and Colonel W. A. D. Anderson presented the bronze medal of the Boys Humane Society to Henry Murphy a young man 19 years of age. It appeared that in January 1875 a four oared, gig was capsized in the River Yarra and as none of the occu- pants could swim there was every proba- bility of them all being drowned. Murphy who was passing at the time plunged into the river and with great difficulty saved the lives of two of the party. The other two were drowned. Colonel Anderson witnessed the gallant act and brought it under the notice of Sir George Bowen who forwarded a statement of the facts to the Royal Humane Society. By the last mail the bronze medal of the society was sent out to the colony and the presentation was made by Sir George Bowen in a few well chosen words. The young man thanked the Governor for his kindness and retired. The epidemic of scarlet fever in the colony appears to be dying out. The deaths from this disease in Melbourne and the suburbs have for many weeks averaged over 30 often reaching 40 and 50 and sometimes even 60 and 70. During the week ending the 12th inst however (the week to which the latest returns of the registrar general apply) the deaths from scarlet fever numbered only nine. The Melbourne Lying in Hospital which had to be closed on account of the outbreak is about to be re-opened. A highly successful demonstration was given in honour of Dr Cairns in the Town hall Melbourne on February 21 prior to his departure from the colony. On the platform were ministers and leading men of all the Protestant denominations and in the hall were about 3 000 people, a very large propor- tion of whom were members of other de- nominations than the Presbyterian to which the Rev Dr Cairns belongs. The chair was occupied by the Hon A. Trasor M.L C and addresses were delivered by different clergy men. Two written illuminated addresses were also presented to the Rev Dr Cairns one by the congregation of his own church and another by nine ministers of different denominations all of whom had been autho- rised to sign the address on behalf of their denominations. In reply to the addresses Dr Cairns gave a short resume of some of his acts in this colony He was loudly cheered both at the commencement and the close of his address. On Saturday, February 12 the new works of the Cognac Distillery Company on the south Yarra bank were opened and the event was celebrated by a luncheon. The enterprise thus inaugurated is in great mea- sure the result of the efforts of Mr L Marie its manager who went to France to obtain the very best distilling apparatus procurable in that brandy producing country. Its peculiarity is that, so it is asserted, it distils utterly pure spirit free from every essential oil. The works which are capable of distil- ling 1,000 gal. of spirit per day, Were erected at a cost of £13 000. Mr B C Holtermann of St Leonard's Sydney a wealthy amateur photographer, is making a very extensive collection of photographic views of the scenery antdpublic buildings of New South Wales and Victoria He has already expended nearly £4 000 in carrying out his project and has obtained between 1,000 and 1500 different negatives some of them of a great size. A number of views of the city aud suburbs have been taken from the top of Government house. They are of an unusually large size and will be mounted so as to form a complete pano ramic view of Melbourne Mi Holtermanrj intends to exhibit his collection at the Phila- delphia Exhibition, and after visiting Europe for the purpose of ascertaining the latest im provements in the photographic art he will return to Sydney and there perfect his collection of Australian views. He con templates at some future time exhibiting his complete collection in England and on the Continent of Europe. The Dayspring mission vessel has ar- rived in Hobson's Bay and has been visited by large numbers of children attending the various Sabbath-schaols in the city and suburbs. The children from Sandhurst Ballarat, Geelong, Castlemaine and other centres of population have aleo bad oppor timitiea of visiting her There is a large collection of curiosities on board, which greatly delighted them. A shocking occurrence took place in the bay near the Emerald Hill Baths, on Sunday the 6th of February. A young man named Peter Rooney aged l8 years was bathing in the sea about 6 o clock in the morning near the baths. He swam out a considerable distance, came in and was swimming out again, but when in about 5ft of water he was seized by a shark. He cried out in agony "For God s sake save me". A young man named George Pritchard who was swim- ming a horse in the sea near, rode out to him. He caught the unfortunate victim by the hand and pulled him out. Rooney was bleeding profusely from a wound on the leg, and died almost immediately. The shark after the man was taken from it swam to the plat- form and round it and then back to the place where it first seized Rooney as if in search of its prey. After circling the spot several times the shark sheered of into deep water and was not seen again. This shark was described as about 12ft long. Rooney' s thigh was bitten through to the bone and his leg below the knee was bitten in the same manner. At the inquest a verdict was returned that the deceased died from loss of blood from being severely bitten by a shark This accident was a curious instance of a neglected warning for on the day previous a letter appeared in The Argus cautioning bathers of the danger from sharks. A few days afterwards a shark 10ft long was caught off the railway pier, Williamstown. A testimonial has been raised for presentation to Pritchard as a reward for the bravery and presence of mind displayed by him. A distressing and fatal accident happened on Februaiv 6. At about half past 3 o clock Eliza Mayall aged 10 years daughter of Joseph Parkin Mayall photographer 81 Bourke BtreeteoBl was standing on the roof of the house by a i arapot near a skylight while her father gave her a bath by throwing water upon her from a \ an Yean hoso when she overbalaiced ond fell through the skyhgl t a distance of lut t t the floor. It was a double skylitht about 5ft by 3 t with two plates of glass one under the other Dr Bl ir was called in but the child died five minutes after his arrival. Tho cau3e of death was conct esion of ti o brain but the poor child was fr g1 Kully cut by the glass sustainnt ono .articularly horrible gash in the side. A distingt ished hilliard player Mons P Ctimo IB at ireseit in Melbourne and intends B1 orlly to give exhibitions of his play. M Carme who came originally from Ians Ins just iii ished a tour through the United States of America and the Mm ntiuB. The game he plays is on the French table vwtl out pockets. A sad occurrence happencd at Castlemaine recently. Henry Abe a boy about 10 years of age the son of the Rev F. H. Abe formorly curate oí the C1 itrch of England at C stlo maine but now a missionary in Borneo died from the effects of drinking a quantity of colonial wine. The c1 lidien of Mr Abe were left under the c ro of tho Rev Mr. laik who has a fnrm at C1 ii amana Creek. The wine was kept for the labourers' use. At ti e n q tent ti verdict was returnel of accidci t 1 dcatl tunco then Benoni charges of neglect have been made against tie I ev Mr Finil ly ti o modical atten- hit D lie o 01 o otter children have been removed to the care of relatives and he whole matter will be inquired into. A frightful murder and suicide occurred at Soi ti Or loi £ ri lilmaiy 11. Sone time ago Williani Stenton, a garder by occupa- ti i was committed to the \arra Baud whence he came out a little more than a month ago. Sir co became outof theusylumho has continued very quiet and no alarm was felt at his release. Between 1 aud 2 o clock on the day mentioned he and his grown up daughter were picking apples in the garden and had taken a basketful up to the house when he said to her "You go down I will be after you directly". She had not been gone many minutes when she heard her mother scream ing. She rushed up to the house and found her mother rushing, about frantic with pain Stenton having been bumping her head on the floor. She told her mothor not to go in the house again but being half mad with pain she did so. Shortly after the poor woman died in her daughter s arms. Stun ton rushed after his daughter but not catch- ing her retired to his bedroom and cut his throat from ear to ear He then staggered down the steps into the garden and died. Deceased, who was between 40 and 50 years of age leaves a family of four children. The death of the wife is believed to have been caused by the bursting of arteries. THE POLITICAL CRISIS Political events during the past month have been of an exciting character. A minority in the Legislative Assembly contemptible in numbers and ability has taken upon itself to obstruct public business to refuse the granting of supplies for the payment of the public creditor, and has reduced Par- liamentary government in this colony to be a hissing and a byword among the people. For several evenings in the Assembly the proceedings were so utterly discreditable that for ibo sake of common decency the press and the public were excluded For tunately the courage of these self seeking politicians was on a par with their intelh gence The celebrated stone wall erection, which these heroes were prepared to defend to the last extremity collapsed with the most ridiculous ease the moment tho Govern ment applied pressure in earnest. A new standing order enabling the debate on any resolution to be brought to a close on the motion that the question be now put being carried was proposed by Sir Jamies M Cul loch and was adopted after some vam struggling on the part of the Opposition by the House A similar rule has been found to work well m 1 raneo America and in the neighbouring colony of South Australia. Since this victory of the Government sup plies bavo been obtained and the public business 1 as been proceeded with with some degree of regularity A number of public meetings have been held throughout the colony protesting against the unconstitu tional conduct of the Opposition THE STONE WALL This famous structure the threat of which had been held in lerrorem ovor the Govern- ment for many weeks was erected in earnest even before the departure of the last mail. For the information of those who reside in more orderly communities we may ex plain that by the stonewall is meant the abuse of the standing orders of the House for the purpose of obstruct ing the public business The mein bera of the late Government who cannot forgive their unceremonious ejection from the Treasury benches and the few followers who havo pledged their allegiance to thom in til6 hope of obtaining a fleeting popularity among the unthinking classes of the com mumty have not scrupled to refuse to grant supplies thereby bunting the colony into the position of being unable to pay the public creditors The conduot of tho Opposition in thus recklessly risking the reputation of the colony seuBibly damaged their cause and forced all opponents of the Government save those blinded by prejudice and pasBion to withdraw from their ranks Mr Higm botham who although an eccentric and crotcbetty politician is a man of honour and ability was so diefctiated with their proceed inga that he retirod from Parliament alto pether Mr Servico the Treasurer in the Kerferd Administration also a strong op ponent of Sir James M Culloch condemned their conduct and refused to be a party to tbeir unconstitutional action These de fections very senouBly weakened the Oppo Bition who were now left without any men of weight or character amongst them The talkers of the purty however weie detor mined not to give wt-y until they had had an oppoitunity of proving their capacity and though with the expectation of failure before them they continued their policy of obstruction When the Assembly metogain on the2othuIt the request made by Sir James M Culloch for supplies was again met vv iib. a distinct refusal, and several leading members of the Opposi- tion delivered impassioned harangues upon Hie sacred duty they were determined not to shrink from-that of obtaining an imine diato dissolution of Iurliamont Sir James M Culloch repeated that when the Eroper time came the Government would e prepared with a method of obtaining supplies in spite of the factious oppo binon of the minority but that it was considered advisable to allow the minority full time to conBidcr tho circumstances He assured the bon member for Geelong West that he would get such a lesson in con nexion with his stone wall as he would never forget and that that structure of mud would smother him and his friends politi colly On the following day the Opposition secured a count out but on Thursday the 27 th ult the Premier submitted his proposal that during the remainder of the session the Go vernraent business should bo called on not later than 5 o clock intending to follow it with a second resolution that the House should sit on Fridays The Opposition resist ed the motion at an attempt to gag hon members and ao tho first instalment of the non hand and met it with points of order and motions for adjournment Strangors were ordered from tho galleries and the HoiiBe sat through the night Ihe talkers had a bril liant opportunity for tho display of their powers One member continued speak mg for six hours aud was stoppod only by the necessity for catching theeaily morning train His, coadjutors with less pi j sical capability did their boat and pro lot ted theuitting until a quarter to 11 o clock um They were then exhausted and the majority who had refrained fiom speaking altogether carried their roint In the interval between the adjournment and tbo next meeting of the House there was dissension in the Opposition camp Some members who retained Bome fiuntglimmermg of common Benee desired to abandon the policy o' stone wallu g suj plies Announcements were1 made at public meetings that the O,ipo Bition 1 ad no desire to refuse supplies One or two mombers of the lato Government ex hibitmg a sublime disregard of truth and an amusing belief in the gullibility of their 1 carets aUBured them that the Government and not the Opposition were to blame for the refusal of supplies. The moderate counsels however did not prevail and at an Oppotn tion caucus hold on Tuesday the 1st it was resolved to proceed with the formel plan of refusing supplies and stone walling all the Government proposals. On the reassembling of the House the dis Mission was contn ued on Sir James McCulloch s proposal that for the remainder of the session Tridny should bo a day on which the Assembly si ould moot for the des patch of business The Opposition deter mined to resisj; ti o motion and the debate was monopolised bj Messrs W C Smith Woods and M Kean who avowedly spoke against time At half past 11 o clock tho galleries were cleared of strangers and at a quarter to 12 o clock the Government counted tbo House out as no buBinoas could bo doi e On the following day a meeting of Go\ ernment supporters was held at which ti ere were 40 members present and five absent eupporters of tho Government ex cueed their attendance by lettoi It was resolved that this senseless waste of public time Bhould no lontei be permitted and it was uuarimously otreed that the Premier Bhould move in the House the adoi tion of a new Btanding order providing that wkon any motion haB Been movod m the House or in coan lttee a resolution may without notice be pre posed that ti o motion 1 e now put vrl ereu) on such resolution shall be pat foitluuth TUE IRON HAND This new standing order christened the iron hand fell like a bombsl oil amongst the Opposition ranks already dieorg inised by previoisdefeatB I ven the most mv efe rate tall ers saw that the beginning of the end vts opiioaclnug On tho meeting of the Assembly on 1 ebruary 2 d Sir James M Culb eli gave notice of his intention to m to next day That tho following be a ki ted ao a Standing Ordor of the Legisla t i e Apteml ¡j to bo 11 forco durmt, tlio 1 csent besoion of Pirliaiient -When ony i otioi has leen n v ed m the noueo or in any cor mitteo of ti o whole House a reso lu ion n nj without notice bo proposed 1) t ti o motion le now put whereupon buch resolution shall lo put forthwith wit) out ai endmei t or debato and i otion B1 nil oe made or question of o niBcd m til Buch resolution has boo posed of If such resolution 1 e ropo' the affirmative the motion and an) meut or question submitted subsef he motion and not then disposed o shall be put in tho accustomed order of pn cedence without further debate or questio of order being raised until such question ho been disposed of In committee of the who! House for the purposes of tins order eac clause or schedule of a 1 til or portion therec respectively ebal) when called on bodeeme a separate motion ant no question shall b submitted until the member in charge of tb business or matter referre 1 to the coramitte shall bavo moved in relation thereto Mr Service admitted that the course pro pooed by the Government was constitt: tional and would tio perfectly effective He agreed ti at theio was no justificatio: whatever for ti e Ot position refusing auppliet and expressed his opinion that whicheve Bide stopped supplies constituted itself public enemy Ho suggeBtcd that the Govern ment Bhonlii simply UBO this powei to obtav supplies and then go into recess and prepar the measures for the nett aeBsion when th House would bo in a different frame of min and better able to deal with theso matter! Mr Murray Smith pointed out that th time for compromise bad passod an that the whole irinuple of Pirhamentar government was involved in the struggli Meaers Munro I ongmore and other men bera of tho Oppoaition were in a furious state of excitement and denounced in strong lan- guage what they termed the tyranny of th Government Owing to the death of the Hon J T Su hvan M L A. the House adjourned on th following day but on its re assembling o Tuesday February 8 Sir James M Culloc submitted his resolution for the adoption c the new standing order In a very tempsrat speech be stated the reasons which had rer dereel it necessary to resort to this extrem measure to secure the transaction of pubh business, and read a communication froc tho South Australian Government speakin in high terms of the way in which a aimila standing order worked in the neigbbounn colony In 1 ranee the adoption of la clólur bad been highly approved of by Guizot and ii Amenca a system very closely resemblin the one proposed waB in operation and wa found to work admirably This system wa found to be an efhcieut aid to the despatch o public business and received the approve of the intelligent and experienced men of al classes in the United States Some year ego the adoption of la clôture and of the one nour ruli us regal da speeches was sct-ionel; considered and discussed by a select commit tee of the House of Commons and no lea an authority than the Edinburgh Reuiei Btroi gly advocated their introduction inti the Lnghsh Parliament and ridiculed thi timid counaela which withheld their recom mendation in the report of the committee The Opposition endeavoured to moot tin, resolution by talking agauiBt time After i long discussion on a point of ordor raised b. Mr Lalor and overruled by the Speaker at amendment was moved by Mr Berry of thi omission of the first Une of the resolution At 10 o clock disorderly conduct on the par of Mr Lalor created a disturbance and the galleries were cleared at the instance of Mi M Kean The House continued to sit with scarcely an intermission from half past i o'clock oi Tuesday afternoon until 20 minutes after 1 o clock on Thursday night. The Govornment and their supportcrs were firm in their de- termination to carry tho new standing order and allowed the Opposition members t ramble on until exhausted nature bade then stop. On both sides arrangements had bool made for continuous sittings Upon thi Government devolved the duty of keeping i House Their supporters were dil ided mt< two watches of about 2' or 23 member each Whilst one watch was on dut; the other members could retire to thei bornes to rest The younger and mon vigorous members of tho party bon the burden of a Parliamentary fight not reduced to a mere conteat of physica endurance leaving to their older brothrer the easier duty of the day sitting The Op position did not require moro than three o: four members in the House and the remain ing stone wallera wore enabled to seek re pose in any of the adjoining committoi rooms They had however to undertaki the task of talking continuously and thougt the habit had become second nature wal them they found after the second day thi duty too onerous to be longer maintained On Tuesday night Mr Berry spoke fron about 12 o clock until 2 o clock the followioi morning and waa followed by MesBrs Woods Longmore Munro Gaunson James am Major Smith who spoke about two hours ant a half each At 8 o clock in the morning fresl reloys came in to take the place of the nigh watch and the talking match waa resumed the Oi position members giving their speaker; an occn toual rest by riBing to points of ordor During the night the Opposition had mm members in the precincts of the House hu rarely more than four inside the chamber. The minority half a dozen timea ottemptoc to count out but there were alwaya 27 or 2f members on the Government side. Shortly before 4 o'clock in the afternoon the Govern ment arranged a count out on a motion foi the adjournment of the debate in order te secure the bringing on of the same business at the fresh day s sitting beginning at half past 4 o clock. At tho new sitting the pro ceedmgs were public for about five minutes but the galleries were then again cleared and members allowed to fight out the battle in private. So averse were some of the members to the disreputable proceedings being made public that strangers were ordered to withdraw even from the precincts of the House. The Assembly continued to sit with closed doors until half past 2 o clock .The proceedings were frequently of a most unruly kind and the Speaker was often called upon to exercise his authority with severity to secure tbe preservation of the semblance of order. About 7 o clock m the morning the Opposition speakers were ex- bauBted Mr Munro who had spoken on the original motion attempted to speak on the question of adjournment but was ruled out of order in accordance with a decision of the formel Speaker of the Assembly. The motion for adjournment and Mr Berrys amendment were then negatived by large majorities the Opposition only mustering 13 to the 33 of the Government The Opposition intended to move a second amendment immediately upon that of Mr Beny being negatived but in an evil moment for them Mr Murray Smith took advantage of the opportunity to jump up in his plaie and move the previous question. The exact effect of this proposal at first pus-zled even experienced members. Gradually it began to dawnu. on the House that a form of Parliament had been hit upon which could be used for the promotion of business as effectively na other forms had been used for weeks past in obstiucting it. The provious question is generally, almost in- vanably used in the House of Com mons to prevent an objectic aable motion being put. The member who submits it moves "that this question (the question before the House) be now put" and the movor and those who act with him vote against this motion and if it be negatived the obnoxious motion is not put. Some times howover it has happened that the previous question has been carried after which the original motion has at once been put without further debate or amend- ment. It is in this latter way that tina form of Parliament has proved so effec tive a weapon in our prosont trouble. The previous question cannot be amended, though the debate on it can be adjourned This feature of it is its c1 lef recoaiinenda Uon for the pur. ose for which it was used. The chagrin of the Opposition on the dis covery of the trenchant effect of this new weapon was mteiiBe. Having allowod the pievious question to be moved they were at once debaned from submitting any furthor amendment on Sir Times McCulloch s motion They had arranged to move in numerable amendments on each of which all their men could speak and this mishap was therefore a fatal blow to them .The tolling effect of the smart manoeuvre of the Ministerialists w is at once seen. Dismay oveiapread tho countenances of the Opposi tioniete The greatest oxcitomont prevailed and anathemas were hurled at the hoads of the iniquitous inventors of tho iron hand Tuither time was wasted over an absurd attempt to ratso a question of privilege be cause reports of the proceedings had appeared in the daily journals. Tho motion was ad rmttod to be a mock one ovonbythemover At half past 2 o clock the Govornment arranged a count out in order to securo tho samo do bato coming on og in at the next day s ait In g At 1 alf past 1 o clock tho nouso re sun ed and strangers woro again ordeiod to withdraw after a deecroditable Bcene For several horns tie Opposition continued to waste time but the end was not far ofi They at ilrBt endeavoured to arrange a truce and promieed to allow supplies to be granted on certain conditions. The Ministerialists re- fused to entertain a compromise of any kind and proceeded to demolish their opponents by dividing tho House. The propos il to adjourn the debate was negatived by 41 votes Then the previoua question was d by 40 votes to 21 and without dobate, Sir Jr mes M Culloch's resolution for the new standing order was carried by 41 votes to 20, Mr Bent crossing over toi lie Government; Bide on this question Sir JameB M'Cullo.u asked the Opposition to allow a supply bill to be passed at once but this tbf y refused and ¡ the House adjourned until Tuesday Thus the fumous " stone wall,' which was to cover Mr Berry and his colleagues with glory for all time, collapsed utterly, and the minority which has blustered BO much became the laughing-stock of the whole country. THE PUI1LIO BUSINESS Owing to the action of the Opposition it is only within the last week that any oppor- tunily bas been afforded for the considera- tion of public busineBs. On Tuesday, Feb- ruary 16, a Supply Bill for £540,000 was passed through both Houses, aud received the Royal assent. In the Assembly the "iron hand" resolution was used for the first time, but by a member of the Opposi- tion. The debate on the financial proposals was proceeded with. The Opposition prevented any substantial progress being made, Mr. Berry avowing that he desired no further discussion of the proposais. The Government, however, were anxious to afford every opportunity for the investigation of their scheme, and if neces- sary its amendment. The Opposition again availed themselves of the new Btanding order with the object of pieventing any discussion, but the motion that the question bo now put was negatived by 41 votes to l8 The remainder of the evening was wasted in discussion on points of order The following evening some pro- gress was made The first resolution, embodying the land and property tax, waa carried ona division, by a majority of 32 votes to 28 many of the Government supporters being absent, and the second resolution, for the imposition of a tax on bank notes, was carried without a divi- sion. Mr Mackay was desirous of making an addition to the land tax proposal, to the effect that there should be a cliargo of Id. per acre imposed upon lands in one holding exceeding ( 40 acreB, and 2d per acre upon lands in one holding exceeding 10 000 acres, but it appeared that the resolutions could not bo amended in committee The Govern- ment undertook, howover, that upon the resolutions being reported they should be re committed with a view to amendment. On the next night the proposed income tax was considered This tax is the one most seriously objected to, and the Government will probably have to modify their proposi- tion, if not to withdraw it altogether. The discussion has not been concluded DISOItDEBlA lBOCEEDIhaS IN PAULIU1ENT. The Legislative Assembly during the past month has been turned into a bear garden by the disorderly conduct of certain of the representatives The aceneB which bave oc- curred have been utterly discreditable to any decent assemblage. The members of the Opposition were prominent in these dis- turbances and it was perhaps fortunate for their public character that the worst scenes occurred when the Assembly waa sitting with closed doors. Mr Peter Lalor, M L A , one of the members of the late Government, was the "hero" of one of these scenes On the evening of the 8th mat, shortly before 10 o'clock, when Mr Berry was paying that if Sir James M Culloch's motion were passed the Assembly would cease to bo a Parlia- ment, Mr Lalor interjected, for the second or third time, in a voice just sufficiently loud for the Speaker, at whose left- hand he sat, to hear, "A corrupt House, presided over corruptly " The Speaker at once directed attention to this gross outrage, and Sir James M Culloch moved that the words be taken down Mr Berry argued that as the ofleneive remarks were not made in debate they could not be taken down The Speaker ruled that the words must be taken down without discussion. A complete with- drawal and apology were demanded, but , Mr Lalor refused to withdraw. It was ulti- mately agreed that Mr Lalor be adjudged guilty of contempt, and be ordered to attend in his place on the following day to offer an explanation of his conduct. The consideration of his case was post- poned until tbo next week m consequence of more pressing matters In the inWval Mr Lalorreniainedrecalcitrant.undoxpreBsed bia determination not to apologise, although willing to withdraw his observation as far as the Speakerwas concerned He was regardod as a vent able hero by his particulai associates and* other unthinking persons whoso natuial proclivities are on the sido of disorder. The Government howover, wero not disposed to make a martyr of him, nor was be specially desirous of the honour On the 15th inst. bia case was dealt with Ho promised to apolo- gise if the motion adjudging him guilty of contemptwas withdrawn Ho waahumonred, and then, dismounting from Ina stilts, he made the apology required of him. Mr. MTCean, another "stonewaller," also grossly insulted the Spoakor, bat after being severely rebuked for his unseemly conduct he apolo- gised Thara wero other discreditable scenes, in which the lie was freely bandied about between members, accusations of intoxica- tion, and other pleasant insinuations, PUBLIC MEEHI, OS. Public meetings have been held through- out the country to protest against the un- constitutional action of the Opposition. The boaBt of Mr. Berry and his followers, that they, though a minority in the House, repre- sented a vast majority ia the country, has aioused the more respectable portion of the community to resent this assumption. Tbioughout the country districts the feehug of the people has been strongly expressoa agawBt the reckless and wicked conduct of the Opposition in stopping supplies, and rendering the country unable to pay the debts Justly due Amongst the uneducated and unthinking populace and amongst those de- sirous of avoiding tho threatened taxation, has the wild policy of the Opposition found its only support lhe laugna^ used by the members of Ibe Opposition is euflicient to show to what lengths they wero prep rjd togo. Mr Munro the late MmiBter of Ld ication, speaking on one occasion said that ' ,f hw constituents were going to stand conduct like that (stopping debates after duo discussion), ' they did not deseive thatany man with a spaik of courage should repioaent them " The tvio sides ho said, bud now entered upon a war of extermination, and if there waa a spark of manliness left in the people of Victoria they would crush those who sought to gag the OppoBition Mr Patterson, another * member of the late Government, is reported to have spoken at Richmond as follows - " " 'There uie times when rebellion is a virtue and submission is a enmo Tho people of the colony aro a peaceable people, and cm put up with a great deal, but I warn those men in Parliament to be careful how they tamper with the good liattuo of the people. If any disaster should occur, upon their heads heit undi am very much mistaken if the people will allow this gauging motion to be passed ' Mi Longmore also a member o£ the Borry Government, speaking at a meet mg eaid - If Sir JameB M Culloch's iron hand were put in force, it could only be resiBted by tbo ' rod right hind ' of an indignant people." If these men exercised a power proportionate to their maltee, serious consequences might ensue, but foitunately tbo groat body of the people view them with contempt Amongst the unsettled and disorderly spirits which are found in every community they have influence to a certain extent On Tebruary 8 the Parliament jard was filled by an exoitoil crowd, numbeiB of whom had been rogaled by the cheap sedition spouted by stump oratois at an open air morning held near. They booted all the supporters of the Mints try, and Mr Mncpberaon, the Chief Secre- tary, was hustled roughly, but the largo body of police m attendance provonted any serious disturbance. The downfall of tbo stone- wall has been received with j y, muifclod with a feeling of ridicule at ita promotora throughout the colony. THE ELECTIONS There have been three elections in the past month. The Villiers and Heytesbury election, where there was a vacancy caused by the death of Mr M O Grady, resulted in the return of Mr Joseph Jones, the Commis- sioner of Railways by a majority of 183 over his opponent, Sir John O Shanassy. The East Bourke Borouglhs, where there was a vacancy by the retirement of Mr Higinbotham, re- turned Mr Cook, a stone waller, by a majority of 141. The election for Colling- wood where there was a vacancy caused by the death of Mr Sullivan, created great ex- citemcnt There were four candidates nomi- nated-Mr G D Carter (who came forward as a supporter of law and order) Mr Mirams, Mr Cock and Mr William Gunson (stone wallers). Mr Cock retired at the la3t mon out but tbo other throo went to the poll At the meetings of Mr G D Carter roughs of the lowest type were engaged to create a disturbance and prevent the candi date obtaining a bearing Mr Carter was assaulted on one occasion The conduct of the roughs if not incited by Mr Mirams, at any rate met with his approval for he pub- licly stated that he considered Mr Carter had met with the treatment he deserved. The result of the election waa the return of Mr Mirams by a large majority the numbers being -Mirams 2,419 Carter 1 287 Gauu son 307 LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL The Legislative Council owing to the dis turbed condition of political affairs have been able to do little beyond meeting and immediately adjourning until such time as it suited the Opposition m the Assembly to proceed with business. The Bailiwicks Boundaries Bill und the Public Health Bill were passed through their remaining stages and the Lega' Profeesions Amalgamation Bill waa read a fi st time The Supply Bill was also passed The University Degrees Bill, allowing women to take degrees was slelved MR. HIGINBOTHAM'S RETIREMENT. On January 31 Mr Higinbotham addressed a farewell speech to the electors of East Bourke Boroughs explanatory of his reasons forresigmng his seat in the Assembly While believing in the policy of Mr Berry s b tdgot he stated that he did not feel justihedm assisting him in using tho forma of the House to effect bia object It appeared to him that Mr Berry a proposal was a proposal to override the will and determination of the majority of members of Parliament by means of the forms of Parliament put m force by the minority-in fact that the mi nonty Bhould rule the majority a principle which Btrnck at the root of all Bociety At the same time he did not feel it his duty to support ti o Government in its determina tion to overthrow the stone wall and after mature deliberation he arrived at the convie tion that the proper course for him to take would be to retire from Parliament alto gether THE ROOT OF THE MISCHEF A very interesting and instructive article containing a comparison of the loquacity of the Victorian Legislature with that of the members of the House of Commons waa published recently u Tie Arg is Ouoting the dictum of the Edinbwgi Review that ' The evil which lies at the root of all the mischief in our Parliamentary system so far as it affecta the legislative action of tho House of Commons may bo summed up in one Bimple but comprohonBive word 'Talk the writer proceeded to cite the opinions of Macaulay Carlyle and W R Greg who agreed m denouncing as the root of the mischief the tendency to loquacity in all popular assemblies Apply ing the remark of the /fenicio that Tho time which ia wasted in talk ia some thing marvellous to those who regard the HOUBO of Commons as a body intended and intending to do the work of the nation to our own case he Bhowed that we are forced to acknowledge that the House of Commons is reticent and taciturn by comparison with our own Legislative Assembly in proof of which w o have only to refer to the immense amount of printed matter which the i sports amount to in a single session Take that of l875-76 for example It commenced on the 20th of May 1875, and up to the 2nd of the present month the Lower House had sat for 74 days and the official record of the talk which went on during that period occupies 4 148 octavo columns each contaning; 300 words, or nearly a million and a half of words In order to exhibit the extravagant and prepoBterou8 lengths to which the cacceth's loquendi has been carried m the Assembly of this colony und to contrast it with the comparative continence of speech m the British House of Commons bo compared a detailed list of the number of speakers and speeches in the former during the present session and a corresponding state ment of the same in tho House of Commons during the session of 1873 which lasted from tho Cth of lebrunry to the 4th of August the House sitting five days a week although the Wednesday sitting is gene rally a brief one We may take the sittings of the English Chamber to have been 110 in number after making a reason able deduction for the Luster aud Whitaun holidays Those of the Victorian Assembly np to the end of January wero 72 in number The House of Commons consists of GJ8 members our own Lower House of 78 The following figureH show the totals in each - JMimbor of speakers Number f>( spcocl os Avengo of euch speaker I I3 I 27 Average for vrtnlo Uouao I_0 I_20 Thus it will be seen that while the number of members of the Legislative Assembly of this colony is little more than one eighth of that of the members of the British House of Commons and while the period of time em biaced in the sessions compared was one half longer in the latter than in the former, nearly half as many speeches-oi verbal diBchorgea-were delivered in the building in bpnng street as at Westminster while the nv crage of each speaker waa twice as high in Victoria as it was in England But the rolutive gairultty of tho members of the Legislative Assembly will be moat effectually exhibited by a glance at the foi lowing table - Mcmbors who spoke LOBB than 10 times Members who spoko Moro than 10 times Moro ti an "0 times Moro ti an SO time* Moro than 40 limes Moro than 60 tirare Thus while out of 058 members of the nouse of Commons there were only G2 who addressed that Chamber more than 30 times being lees than 10 per cent of the entire number as many as 60 or ten thirteenths of the whole number of the members of our -own Legislative Assembly exceeded that limit The principal debates in the House of Commons m 1873 wero on the undermen tioned subjects - TI o Adilrcpp giving riso to 20 spoechos TI o Irlt.1 Ui h orelty lilli Bl " The Budget 117 , In the Legislative Assembly of Victoria during the current session we have had the following questions discussed or wrangled over - Tho land Question giving riso to SOO speeches Mr Service» BudKOt 120 , % Mr Berry i Uu (,et 160 " Sir J M Culloch s Budgot 120 , On other Bubjects prior to the adjournment for the Christmas holidays no lesa than 1 091 speeches were delivered to which must be added 319 m the month of January making with the foregoing what may be properly termed the frightful total of 2 080 speeches Now what baa been the next result as regards ti o work of practical legislation ? In the eeBsion of 1873 tho Imperial Parha ment pasBcd 91 public teneral a"ta of which 19 oro enumerated in the Co npa i on to th' British Al muai, as important one of these ben g a measure of treat magnitude the Supreme Court of Judicature Act In the larlmruent of \ letona there havo been passed Bince the 25th of May last just DIDO measures four of which wore supply billa and two prit ate acts lim? then all wa have to show as a set off against this mtoler ablo deal of talk is the following miserably meagre list - No TOO- lUIInny Loan Appropriate \ct JNoGU - r"xt slu oi Tolls Act to 61C -Reauj st uout of Pastorvl Re t8 Act The first was disposed of in BIX days and the second and third in 15 each by both Houses of Parliament And thia is the beggarly total of legialativo woik performed this is all the value roceived for the time ex pended tho breath wasted an 1 the outlay incurred in connexion with a body wkicb. ia theoretically instituted for tho despatch ot public business and ia presumed byavoner able fiction to subordinate all ieisonaland party considerations to the paramountobject of promoting the gene i al weal I CHARGLS AGAINST THI SECRE1 UtY 10K MINLS It has been no secret that widespread diaaflection han long "existed among the ofliciala in the Mining department m regard to their treatment by the secretaiy for Mines Mr Brough Smyth who bas beon permanent bead of that department for many years At length tho feelings of the ofli ora found ox pression on February 1 when a petition waa addressed to tho Mimstei requesting 1 ita to a| point a board of inquny to consider tho relouons between the secretary for Mines at t Ina subordinate ofl cers The petition vi as Bigned by all the heads of ali the branches of the department and by a great many otl era in inferior positioi R It n ado not oi iy general but opeciln chargea covering mai y B1 eeta of pt er which the respectivo oflicers whoae nanea wero ap pended to them stated that they weie i o paied to pul stanti ito on oath It waa com 1 lan ed li at Mr b y th had been in the habit of unceasingly loading them with abuBc insults taunts and other offonsive remaiks Rho vi _, utter disre_,aid of their ftehngB that ho thought nothing of accuBing them of deceit lying tnckeiy and incom petency without allowing them tho right of reply ai d gave them to un leratand that upon his pleasure and not on the proper discharge of their duties their situations were held Mr Smyth was also charged with overworking ti e officers, particularly the late Mr Deubifeh, whose death it waa alleged he tbuB accelerated BeBidea the charges of ill usage towards the officers, Mr Brough Smyth was also specifically accused of furnishing to Parliament, knowing the same to be false, a return of the work known as The G M fieldt, and Mina al Districts of Ficfort-i On tbo receipt of these chargea, Mr. Brough famyth was at once suspended from his duties, pending an inquiry, and Major Couchman was appointed acting head of the depaitment The Government, m compli ance with the prayer of the petitioners de Urmined to appoint a board to examino into tbo charges, and general satisfaction was ex preened when it was learnt that the board Bhould not consist of heads of other depart mente, as has been generally the case in inquiries regarding civil service matters The gentlemen repeated to form the board were the Hon James Sorvico, M L A , the Hon T. T Sargood M L C , and Mr R J Jeffray the president of the Chamber of Commerce , and the general opinion was ox pressed that a more satisfactory or impartial board could not havo been constituted. AU the gentlemen named agroed to act, and havo held several meetings, at which ovidence was given m support of the officera' com plaints. Mrs Denbigh was the first witness ex- amined, and gavo evidenco of the ' ¿tent of tho night work which her husband iiad been compelled to do by Mr Smyth For more than 10 years she stated Mr. Denbigh bad sat up nearly all night for at least four nights a week, in order to attempt to overtake the extra work which the secretary for Mines had given bim to perform. He had frequently Blatedtbat "Mr Smyth would do for him yet," and Mrs Denbigh bad no hesitation m stating on oath that the conduct of the secretary foi Mines had greatlyaccolerated her husband s death. Oflicem of the department aleo deposed to numerous instances of ex tremelybaish and humiliating treatment to Mr Denbigh, aswellas toall the other officers of the department with whom the secretary came in contact. Some of the instances re lated of Mr Smyths treatment and de- meanour towards his subordinates would be extremely amusing wero it not for the humiliation which the evidence showed was caused to the officers daily The sound of Mr. Smyth's bell, it waa Btated, went through Mr. Denbigh and other officers like au electric shock, and officers of experience and ability would go into Mr Smyth's room pale with the antici patton of the language which would be used to them, and would come out blushing with shame at tbe humiliation they had under- gone Documents would be destroyed be- cause a "f was not crossed, or an "i" dotted. Officers would be heavily fined for tbe most trilling mistakes, and no appeal was ever made to the Minister for the time being, through the fear of the secretary's re eentment. Officers with salaries of £400 or £500 a year would be sent like errand boys about the city, to look for particular kinds of pens which Mi Smyth might fancy at the time, and would be reprov ed like children for any error. One officer deposed that tears often came into lus eyes during ratings from Mr Snivth, Mr Denbigh was sworn to have been fouud on many occasions in tears after an interview with the secretary, and twice on coming out from his presence, fell in a faint. A former officer of the department deposed that he WOB once BO angered with Mr. Smith's lan guage and abuse tbat his (the officer s) only regret was tbat hehadnotsmashod thosecro tary's bead at the time with a ruler Numbers of officers would be kept hanging about outside Mr Smyth's office for hours, awaiting interviews on important business This Btate of affairs, it was stated by the officers examined, bad gone on for years, and Mr. kernot, now lecturer in engineering at the Melbourne University, and who was for- merly in the Mining department, stated that his recollection of it was as of a pande- monium It IB but right to say that Mr Smyth has not yet had an opportunity of answering these chargeB, as only a portion of tbe evidence of the complainants has yet been heard, and the board has adjourned until the 29th mat GOLD AND THE GOLD FIELDS The mining industry has been pursued steadily during the past month on all the numerous gold-fields of this colony, with, so far as can be ascertained, the usual satisfac- tory results in the gold yielding mines, but very few incidents have occurred in con. nexion with the industry worthy of special mention in a monthly summary for Europe Within the lost few months the quartz mines of Sandhurst have again come promi- nently into notice through the increasing yields of the valuable mines there, and Erices of shares in many of the mines avo greatly increased since the com- mencement of this year The number of quarlz mines profitably worked on Sand- hurst, together with the extensive size and depth of the reefs which traverse thetn, have now led to the undoubted assurance that mining will be carried on there for many years to come in at least quite as extensive and profitable a manner as at present, if not more so The yield of gold at Sandhurst during last month, ns shown bj the ol'icial returns, amounted to ¿2 1Ô0..7 14dtvt 18gr , which IB regarded as being a very good com- mencement for the ye tr, January being (m consequence of hohdayB, ,1c ) a broken montb. Tbe yield of gold in the previous January waB 18,297oz Üdwt 9gr , which shows that the returns this January are consider ably more At Elaine, the Minerva Company recently Btruck an exceedingly rich lode of quart? in tbeir claim, from a very small quantity of which thoy obtained 527oz of gold. The finding of the quartz m this instance was a good illustration of the veering chances of mining The Minerva Company had had very fine yields for some time, and mude the fortunes of two or three people, but gradually the yield diminished, and the mine did not pay oxpenses, and the proprietors began to think it waa time to turn the miners adrift and shut up the claim. On Thursday, the 10th inst, the afternoon shift waa the last that was to be Bent below previous to suspending opera tions, half the men having boen previously paid off, but in that last shift the grand dis- covery was made which has somewhat electn lied the people of Elaine The vein of rich auriferous quartz that was Btruck is a very email one, and seems to be a small leadei tunning out of, or into, the main lode, and is very little more than an inch thick in places, but it is immensely rich It remains to be proved yet how extensve the lode which the company have fouud is, but its discovery bos had a very cheering effect on tho people of the district A remarkably nch reef baa recently been opened at Linton, m a claim belonging to what is called the Linton Quartz Company, the last crushing from which resulted in an avorage of moro than 4oz. to the ton from 27 tons This, in a district never famous for even payable quartz, is very cheering The yields of the Kingston and Creswick alluvial mineB have been very fcood recently, showing the richness of the mining country opened out in that district during the past year or two Another splen- did patch of rich quartz has just been found in the claim of the United Black Hill Com- pany at Ballarat, who obtained about 200oz of gold m one day, one piece being a solid lump of 122o7 Tho Sovereign Company at Ballal at havo at their 780ft level pushed through the cross course, which has pre- vailed in all tho upper levels to tho south, and hav been rewarded by discovering what IB said to be the finest body of stone yet seen in the mine, but from tbo lmmenso quantity of water found with it and the difficulty of working it finely, it will be some little time before its extent and value will be known The prospects of the Magdala Com I any at St moll, in whose Bhaffc gold waB found at the hitherto unprecedented depth of 1 700ft, havo been much bright- ened by soma good ciiiBhingB from stone taken from tho Moonlight claim, which adjoniB the Mandala Tbo directors and maimt-eis eif tbo latter are continuing the operations of Bystomatically opening out the lnige roef they struck at about 1 700ft, but they have not as jet had a crushing of any Jaree quantity of their stone Ibo Newing- ton Company, whose mino is also situated at Stn nell, li ne now sunk their shaft to over 1 700ft deep, and pulposo continuing to en.k until they lind the reef they aro ia search of '1 bo good j leid noticed in last summary BB having been obtained from a new lead of alluvial vvanhdirt in the Winter's Freehold Company, at Ballarat, has not been con- tinued during tbiB month, and, as a conse- quence, inces of the Bbarea have fallen um tennllj, the latest quotations being about ¿5 Tho prospects of aome of the other alluvial mines on Ballarat are becoming much jcopuidised through the rising of water in them, consequent on the cessation of pumpii y operatiotiB in several of tho deep mines that have been worked out If the water should not bo stopped by soaio kind of urbanisation amongst the mining compimes or othorB interested in the success of mining on Bnllurnt, all the alluvial claims on the Sebastopol platouu thoic, tho workings of which are below 90ft, aie m great danger of beirtg swamped out and rendered useless. Several parties have recently boon de- spatched by tbe Government to prospect the hitherto unexplored country m South Gipps I mid The partios started from roster, near Port Albeit, and a report from one of them baa been forwarded to the Govern- ment. It IB as follows -'Teb 9, 1875 - I bave the honour to report about the woik done in the counliy passed through by tia Biuce my last We pitched our main camp on January 25 (the locality of the ramp is north east «if Tostor aud between Cornir Inlet and Bairnsdale) from near Mount 1 uttgue in a north eastern direction about 10 miles off the Yarrana track Hare examined the country for miles from the main truck, and hud it has a very barren appearance The tullies are very steep and hare, showing no indication of gold what ever We have explored tho gullies for miles with the same result Most of thom are as bare aa a hilliard table, and of hard Baud stone We have Bince shifted our matu camp again in a north east direction on to Rosedale creek, about half a mile west of Bruthen Tbe country herois not so mouii tamouB and the gulliea aro not so steep Our mum camp is in the centre of the head of a great many creeks, rivers, and Iakea a more likely country for gold than any wo have passed through Wa here find une quartz on the aideB of tho hill and in tho gulbea-the firBt we have Boen since we loft Stockyard creek We have not got any gold yet, but have every reason to believe we shall before long, from the general uppear ance of the country, which will take eomo time to prospect tboroughly The under growth is very thick and difficult to get through, and as we approach nearer the level country the snakes aro much moro plentiful Killed five the other day ia aoout an hout and a half -I have the honour, ¿.c KABUY. MANNING, Leader of the Party." AGRICULTURAL The weather for the lost month having been favourable for harvest work, the late crops have been secured in much better ordor than waa anticipated Our whoata aro gene- rally excellent m quality, and there is reason to bebevo that the quantity will not bo de- ficient, In some cases, as already reported, partial failures were caused by the wet, but in the newly settled areas an immense quantity of wheat has been secured in fino condition Vintage prospects on the Murray are moderately good , of the quality it ia too early to speak, as that will de pend upon the character of the weather dunng the next five or BIX weeks In the Sandhurst district the black spot disease has done considerable injury, but the oïdium has been kept down by sulphuring About Goornong, and in some other parta of the Victorian Murray district, the oïdium has been suffered to establish itself. In the Yering district most of the vineyards are clean, and are yielding good average cropB \\\ itli fino weather, the coming vintage can hardly fail to be a fair one The colonies of Queensland and New South Wales havo been suffering for many months from drought Feed has long been scarce, but up to recently the Btation am piovcments in the way of elama and wells have prevented any want of water being ox penenced At length however, many flocks have been started ou their travels, some herds have also been sent to look out for feed Telegraphic advices received on the 20th mat have brought the gratifying an nouncemont of the termination of the drought Ram commenced to fall at Armi dale on the 17th, and continued all the 18th The Mary River, at Gympie (Q îeensland), had risen 20ft in 24 hours in conse- quence of heavy rains At Peak Downs much damage waa done by the rams, many placea were flooded, the Aramac mail waa irrecoverably lost, and 8m of ram fell at Copperfield in 21 boura The Northern parts of South Australia have shared tbe drought and there also rain is reported to bave fallen in abundance In the course of laat week a meeting waa held at Scott's Hotel, Melbourne, to hear an account of the progress in Sydney towards raising the sata of £25 000 to defray the cost of sending home a cargo of meat preserved by Messrs Mort and Nicolle'a patent freez ing proeees Two thirds of the capital had been Bubscnbed in New South Wales and Queensland A commîtes waa ap pointed to canvass the stockowmng inte rest of Victoria with a view to raise the balance South Australia also will be asked to contribute , BO that at length there ia a prospect of this treat invention being tested in a manner befiltmg the magnitude of the interests concorned A meeting of wool growers waB held at the Bame place, to receive the report of a committee which had in spected the method of weighing wool and otherwise conducting tho sale of Australian wools m London Whilat the thanks of the meeting were given to those gentlemen who had Bpent their time in investigating this rather complex subject, no expression of opinion was vouchsafed upon the merits of the case, on the contrary, the London committee was increased by the addition of the names of several gentlemen who are about to visit the old country, and who will be likely to thoroughly investigate the whole eyBtem A meeting of farmera baa been held to consider a proposal having for its object the establishment of one or mote agricultural colleges m this colony It waa resolved that the Government should be urged to take steps in tho direction in ques tion Sites have recently been reserved for colleges and expenmental farms in two suit able districts , one of these would afford an opportunity to establish a Behool of forestry in connexion with the- school of agncul tare. THE WEATHER. Since laat summary there baa boen a good deal of hot but seasonable weather, alter nated at Melbourne and in the other coast districts by cold withshowers During the last few days, after a space of great heat, the tem perature has changed to a pleasant coolness with rain, while there is more threatening Up tbo country, of course the weather has been generally dry and hot, and the want of waiei has been severely felt in the back blocks The acting Government astronomer reporte regarding the Melbourne diBtrict that the highest temperature in the shade 102 9deg , waa registered on the afternoons of the 30th Januaryand the 7th February This is the highest temperature registered in Mel bournedunngthepresentsummer The lowest 16 deg, waa registered on the morning of the 12thlebruary IhebigheBt reading in the sun waa 142 2deg , on the afternoon of the 29th January '1 ho higheat reading of the barometer, 30 112in , waa on the 19th Teh ruary, and the lowest, 29 42(nn , on the 10th Fobruary The total rainfall since the beginning of the year was 180m , as com pared with G 05m during the same period in 1875 2 87in in 1874 5 47in in 1873 5 5Gm m 1872 5 30 in in 1871, 315m in 1870 lOGin in 1869 á Win in 1808 4 52m m 1807, 1 77m in 18G0 0 64m. m 1805 4 Glin in 1861 4 15m in 1803 142in in 1862 4 32m ra 1801, 2Wra in 1860, 3 49m m 1859, 4 94in in 1858, or an average of 3 ¡8m THE LABOUR MARKET. Tnere is but little change to record in the labour market. 1 or ordinary labouring men there is a fair amount of work offering both in country and in town The building trade is not quite so brisk, and it is likely to bave a slack time for a mouth or two The boot making trade IB showing Borne Bigna of im provement, but there aie still more hands than there ia work for Tho clothing fac tones are busy with tile winter gooda, but in the order shops mattera are very dull Coach makers and ironworkers are all fairly oin ployed The domand for good women ser vants still continues and the supply ia as short as ever, good cooks and laundresses are moBt wanted 'J wo small strikes have taken place lately One ia at Echuca, where the brickmakers who have been receiving 14s per thousand, or 8a per day of 10 boura demand an increase of 1B per thousand, or la extra per day It ia not expected that they will sue ceed in obtaining thoir demand The other strike is at Hoisham, wboro the black smiths and wheelwrights have struck for 8 he ure to bo considered a day s work at the old rate of wages Tho employ era offer la per hour which the workmen refuao The following aro the rates of wages paid - Domestic Servants -ror Town-House maids £30 to £30 per annum , fimalo cooks receive from £33 to 1.60 per annum, malo do , 30s to 80s per week nursomaids £25 to £35 perannuhi .laundresses £30to£40porannum Tor Hotels-Coolta male and female £J0 to £100perannum housemaids £36to£40nerdo Tor Stations-First class married couples for home Btatione £70 to £90 per annum, second class do , with children £10 to £50 per do , cooks, £'45 to £55 per do , housemaids £35 to £40 per do 1 or 1 arms-Men cooks £50 per annum , married couplea £00 to £70 per do , women sei vunts £30 to £35 per do , farming men 20s per week milkmen, 20a per do , ploughmen about 20s per do Vi alters for hotels 25s to 35a per week ; grocers assistants, lr>B to 30s do general store do , 20s to 40s do , nursery _,over liesses £30 to £40 per annum , finishing do, £00 to £80 do Station Hands -Stockmen receive from £00 to £7f per annum , Bhopherda, 15s to 20a per weok, ordinary working men, 15a to 20e per do , drovera 25s to 40s per do , gardeners, los >to 25s per do The following wagoB for skilled labourers and tradesmen aro without rations - Building Trades - Stonomoaona 10a per day, plasterers bricklayers, slaters, 10s per do , carpenters, 10s per do , labourers, 7s per do pick and shovel men 6s per do The day s work is eiaht hours Bootmakers -ror rivettingchil Iren s boots the rate is 6d per pair bojs lOd womens Is and men s Is 3d Tho samo rates are paid for fiiiishint, In some of tho best order shops the rates paid are -Wellingtons 10s , elastics 7s Cd , c'osing 8s Good bands for ladies boots are scarce Machinists are wanted at 30» per week eight hours per day Bakers - 1 irst class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week second hands £2 to £2 2s In uifeiioi shops tho rates are slightly lower Butchers -Shopmen receive from 85s to 40s per week boya 15s to 20s per week slaughtermen receive from 40s to 60s per week small goods men (pork butchers) ro ceive 30s to 40s per week with rations, superior men receive more BrnBBfinisbers and Coppersmiths -In the engine fitting shops there is a fair supply of workmen, the wages are from 9s. to 12s per daj The same rates are paid in tin fine braBB .finishing shops but good tradesmen are much wanted Cabinetmakers -The earnings of the men employed m this trade are very variable In some of the best shops in Melbourne the wages paid are as high as £3 10s per week while in inferior establishments the men receive from £2 to £3 per week In the country the wages paid are still leas Clothing ractones -Where the work is done on the premises the wages earned are as follow -Tailoresses from £1 to 61 16s per week, pressers, £3 to £2 15s and upwards Prom 12s to £1 is earned at Bhirtmakincm factory hours, but the greater portion is taken home Clothing machinists earn from 15s to 30s per week in factory hours Coopers -Most of the work in this trade is done by the piece, the wages fixed by the trade are 10a per day of 10 hours Tallow casks are made at 5s Gd for thirds and 4s 6d for fourths which latter are now most made Coacbbuilders -Smiths receive from £2 10s to £3 5s and £3 10s. per week A few hands earn as high as £4 per week Bodymakera - Most of this work is done by the piece The average earnings of good hands are from £2 10s to as high na £3 10s per week Wheelers-Most of this work is done by the piece the wages made are from £2 10s to £3 10a per week Painters receive from 9s to 10s per day Trimmers get from £2 10s to £3 per week Vyee men earn from £110s to £2 per week The rate of labour in this trade is 10 hours per day Drapers -In all the best establishments well qualified drapers assistants earn from£3 to £4 perweek Carpet salesmen obtain about the same rates Salesmen from £2 10s to £4 per week Upholsterers £2 10s to £3 and £4 per week Mantle makers 15? to 20s per week Mil'iners from 35s to £3 10s per week Needlewomen and dressmakers from 15B to 20a per week. Tamers -rust class firomen get £2 15s per week door men receive from £1 10a to £2 per week Tai lers for the country receive from 20s to 30s par week, with their board and lodging Grooms in livery stables get from 30s to 40s per week, coachmen receive from 3os to 60s per do Gardeners -The men in this trade are not at all well paid In situations near town the rates are from 30s to 40s per week without rations The rates with rations are 15s to 20a. Very good men get 25s per week Hatters -Bodymakera receive 20s per dozen finishers 24s per dozen simpers 6s to 12s per dozen crown sewers, 5s per dozen trimmers 8s per dozen Iron Trades -Fitters receive from 9s to 12s per day turners from 10s to 13i per do boilermakers and platers from 129. to 13s per do riveters from 9s to 11s per do blacksmiths from 10s to 13s per do hammermen from 7s to 8s per do and moulders from 10s to 12s and 13s per do Jewellers -In thomanufactunng jewellers establishments the workmen receive from £2 15s to £3 15s Tor the finer work the wages range from £5 to £6 per week. Good tradesmen can get full employment Tirst class jewellers enamellers are wanted The woik at present is highly paid They can earn from £0 to £8 per week Seal engravers are also much wanted and high wages could be obtained by competent workmen Miners -The average rates for miners is £2 per week for surface miners and £2 5g for underground work in some deoD wet mines £2 10s is paid In some outlying districts higher rates ara obtained but only by a few men An attempt is being made m some of the mining districts to lower the rates Navvies-The rate paid the men em ployed on the Government railways is 9d per hour Painters and Glaziers -Tair tradesmen re ceive 9s per day This trade is fully sup plied Plumbers and gosfitters receive £3 per week of eiebt hours per day Printern ice -The rate paid in this trade is Is per 1 000 In manufacturing stationers establishments lithographers are paid £210s. to £3 15s per week binders £2 to £3 per week paper rulers £3 to £3 10s per week The demand for labour in these trades is limited and is at present fully supplied, eood head men get higher rates in the binders and lithographing departments. Stevedores Men Jtc -Lumpers' wages are 12B per day at present There is a good deal of business doing Engineers in tug boats and donkey engine drivers receive £18 per month Ship Carpenters-The rate paid in this trade is 13s per day of eight hours Work is irregular bailors receive £5 per month in sailing vessels and £6 per month in steamships Saddlers -Hie supply of really good trades men is short but second class workmen are plentiful enough The earnings are about £2 10s perweek The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well and wages vary from 2fjs to 35s per week The work in thia trade is nine boura ner day Tanners and Curners -Beamsmen receive 40s to 50s per week shedsmen 42s to 45s per do tanners 38s to 45a per do -timo 10 hours per day Curriers at piecowork, can earn fiom 50s to 70s per week Tailors -In first-class establishments the rate paid is Is. per hour In second clasB abo] s the earnings are from £2 10s to £3 per week In factories the rateB vary the men being often paid by the pieco Where wages are r>oid the rate is 40s per week in factory hours Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per week ironworkers £2 10s to £3 per do galva nisers £3 per do Most ot the work in thia trade is done by the piece Watchmakers -Ihe general rate of wages in tina trade is £4 per week thout.li some of the superior workmen got as high as £5 THE VOLUNTEFRS The report of the Volunteer Commission will Bbortly be presented to His Excellency the Governor The recommendations unless altered before presentation may be briolly Bummaiised as follow -The present garrison force is to be dispensed witb as it is con eidered from the evidence that it is of no use as a means of defence especially as the original idea of its composition has not been earned out. The commission then recommended that an Imperial officer now serving with the BntiBh army with the rank «( field officer should lia requested to take charge of the Victorian Volunteer Torco and that an engineer officer of stand me, should be applied for from the Imperial Government to report upon and carry out the works noces »ary for tho defences of the Heads and Port PI lllip Bay That tbe Cerberus be fitted with steam steering apparatus at a cost of about £2 000 so as to make her more handy in navigating the narrow channels in the bay That the Naval Reserve be íncroaaed to 300 men with a proper complement of officerB That the land forces of the colony consist of 1000 infantry 1 COO garrison artillery 400 field artillery (four batteries) and 200 engineer and torpedo corps 1 hat the allowance to the various corps be as follows -rofcincor and torpedo corps £110s per annum artilleiv £3 10s infantry £3 That volunteer enlistment should be for three yeara and no power to leave the force without giving Bix months notice excopt on special conditions Buch as leaving the colony or a medical certificate Tbat evory man must eerve C4 hours daylight drill (8 days of 8 hourß) for which ho should receive l8 per hour This to be the minimum but the maximum to bo 96 hours or 12 days of 8 boura each Those daylight drills to be of not lees duration than three hours That Civil Servico appointments bo opon to the members of the Volunteer force upon cortaiu conditions namoly that the candidates Bhould have served at least two years con Becutively in the Volunteer force with a cor tificate of good conduct, and that tboy should be enabled to pasa the examination necea sary for the position applied for That all uti all suburban corps and alao country corps be abolished, but that facilities be given for tho establishment of country rifle associations That tho manage ment of the Volunteer force be removed from the Treasurer and vestod in tbo hands of His Txcellency the Governor (OB commander in chief) aud a small military executive council so as to romovo the con trol of the fo'co from the control of any poli tical bead of tho department and also that the money required for the maintenance of the Volunteer force bo provided by special appropriation, and not, as at present, by tho voie of tho Legislative Assembly. That the Queen's regulationa and orders in council for the army be the basis (asfar aa posaiblo) for the piupn iimuüi_eiiieubuí'_hü force ; that the present Volunteer Act aud Discipline Act be repealed, and a new act embodying these re- commendations bo passed. That in addition to the forco named there be a small per manent force, consisting of non-commis- sioned officers of the Royal Artillery and En pincers, organised to act na drill- instructors, und supervise the carrying out of the defence works required. Calculations bave been made aa to the coat of the force aa proposed, and it ia eatimated that tho amount will be about £15,009. Leaving out the payment to the men for day- light drills, the following are the allowances proposed for the executive officers :-In. fantry-One lieutenant-colonel, £200 ¡ two majors. £100 each ; four adjutants, £450 each ; six drill-inBtructora, £150 each, Garriain Artillery-Two lieutenant-colonels, £200 ; four majors, £100; four adjutants, £450; six drill-inslructors, £150. Field Artillery-One major, ¿100 ; one adjutant, £450 ; two drill instructors, £150. Engineer and Torpedo CorpB-One captain acting as major, £100 ; two drill-instructors, £150. The annual meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association was held on the 17th February. The communication from the National Rifle Association of the United States, inviting the riflemen of the colony to take part in the rifle matches to take place at Philadelphia during the Centennial Exhibition, for the championship of the world, was considered. The following resolutions were unantmoualy agreed to:-"That in the opinion of this association the colony of Victoria should be represented at the grand rifle matches for the championship of the world, to be held during the Centennial Exhibition at Philadelphia,' " That stepa should be at once taken by the council to co-operate with the other colonioi in organising a team and collecting subscrip- tions to defray the necessary expenses." RACING. The only race meeting that has been held in Victoria during the past month was the annual meeting of the Geelong Racing Club, which took place on the 4th and 5th inst. The course was well attended by Melbourne racing men, a special train being run for their convenience. On the first day the pro- gramme commenced with the Maiden Plate, which was won eaaiiy by Newcaatle by Mari- byrnong, Peerless was a poor second. Tho Hurdle Race was a gift to Welshman ; Aaron waa second. Only six horses started for the Geelong Gold Cup. -The finish between Emulation and Richmond was very fine ; tbs former won by a hoad. Wollomai, the winnerof the Melbourne Cup, was much fancied for this race, but having received an injury in his box, his owner with- drew bim rather than run the risk of his breaking down. Villiers won the Conne- warre Stakes with ease, beating eight othera. Poodle won tbe Grand Stand Stakes easily ; Neotsfield and Dane were the only other starters. On the second day the meeting was patronised by His Excellency the Gover- nor. The racing commenced with the Barwon Plate, which waa wonby tboTimWhillUr-Flirt colt beating four others. Bonham won the Stewards' Puree, after a good race with Jack Sprat. Only two othera started. The Geelong Handicap was reduced to four starters. Emu- lation by Conrad won after a very fine finish with Newbold. Five horses started for the Steeplechase, which was won by Sailor. Partner waa aecond, after baulking twice, and then falling over the laat hurdle. Every horae in the race fell. The meeting concluded with the Selling Stakea, which was won by Outcast, beating five others. The acceptances for the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap at the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting were made on the 10th inst. For the Australian Cup there aro still 24 ex- cellent horses left in the race. The New- market Handicap has 29 horses engaged. No animals of any note have declined in either race. The Tasmanian Turf Club Meeting waB held on the beantiful racecourse near Hobart Town on tbe.lGtb, 17tb, and 18th inst. On the first day King of Diamonds won the Trial Stakes ; Sybil, by Tim Whifller, won the Champagne Stakes, beating fout others easily. Strop, by Panic, an aged gelding, won tbe Hobart Town Cup ; Bella, by Cotherstone, a son of Panic, waa Becond, and Lord Lytton third : Emulation, who started tit 0 to 4 on him, did not get a place. Talleyrand won the Hurdle Race. On the second day, Billy Bell won the Flying Handicap ; Talleyrand won the Welter Cap. The Tasmanian Handicap was won by Southern Cross by Union Jack, Strop waa second, and Bella third. My Idea won the Glenorchy Stakes, and John Peel the Selling Stokes. On the third day Sybil won the Chi cnester Stakes, Southern Cross the Weld Stakes, Duffer won the Steeplechase, and My Idea the Grand Stand Stakes. OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS. CRICKET. The numerous cricket clubs in and around Melbourne, and those of the up- country dis- tricts, are playing the favourite game of Englishmen just now with real earnestness, the Eeaeon being especially favourable for the amusement. The best players of the clubs in the metropolitan districts have been called upon to make special exertions to meet the demands made noon them for men to con test matches with other colonies, and they have found the teama, though, BO tar, without much success for Victoria. Early this month an eleven went from here to South Australia, to play against eighteen of that colony, but our eleven was far from being representative of Victoiia, most of our best players being either engaged to proceed to New South Wales for an intercolonial match there, or altogether unable to go to South Australia from business or private reasons. The result of sending such a mediocre team to play agninBt l8 of a colony where cricket is prac- tised almost aa osaiduouely aa it ia in Victoria was unmistakable defeat for our men, who only scored 80 in two innings, while South Australia's eighteen made 153 in one innings. The defeat in Adelaide, coupled with tho beating of our picked eleven on the Mel- bourne Cricket-ground last Christmas by an eleven from NcwSonth Wales, has consider- ably reduced the estimate the general public had of our cricketers.but it ia thought by many fitst-claBB judges of the game, that our non-success this Beason ia more attributable to bad luck than deficiency of skill, and that before long our men will show the same fcuperiority in the game as thoy displayed for many years until their recent defeats by New South Wales and South Australia. A new Victorian club, calling themselves Boho miane, and whose ranks are filled by players from different metropolitan clubs, have re- cently visited Tasmania, and played two matches there-one at Launceston, against the northern players of the island, and tho other at Hobart Town against the southernites. Tboy were successful at Laun cestón, but at Hobart Town, the team was too good for them, and they wero beaton by 10 wickets, the Bcoring being-for the Bohe- mians, 113 and 193; and for the Taamanians, 284 in the first innings, and 29 in the second without the IOSB of a wicket. An eleven of Victoria started from Mel- bourne last week for Sydney, to play the return match with New South Wales. Tho eleven is the best that could have been chosen, with perhaps two or three excep- tions of players who wore unable to go away from home for so long a time aa. tho voyage to and from Sydney and the necessary playing would require, and it is hoped they will be able to win. The fact, however, of New South Walos having scored three intercolonial matches with us in succession, togothèr with the knowledge that she has a moat formidable team choaen against our players, make her men very strong favourites. Until the three last gamea New South Wales lost with Vic- toria continuously for a number of years, but each fresh season her players came up again with undaunted courage in the hope of winning, and now our men have gone to Sydney in a Bimilar hope, and with a reso- lute determination to retrievo the rocent de- feats. Most of our players are oxperioncod cricketers, the colt element having boon avoided, and if they do not win, it will cor tainly not bo from want of courage. The match will bo played on the Albert ground on Friday, the 25th hiBt., aud following days. An Australian high-rope porformor, namod Mr. L'Entrango, made bia first appearance heforu the Melbourne public on the 19tli inst. His performance was identical with that given by M. Blondín whan he visited Melbourne. Mr. L'Ealrange appears to be quite as much at homo on the rope as his celebrated predecessor. MUSIC. At the Opera-house, the pantomime ' ' For tunalua" held the boards with most distin- guished BuccesB until Tuesday, the loth February, when it was withdrawn'. " La Filio de Madame AngOt " was played on the 16tb, and AuBer's '"''Crown Diamond«" was produced on the 17th of the month, with MÍBB Emilie Melville as La Catarina, the other principal parla being sustained by Miss Winston, Mr, Beaumont, Mr. Henry Uracy, and Mr. Templeton. Alies Melville played I ihc Tile of the prima donna in a very charm ing manner The same work was repeated There was a large attendance and Miss Melville was presented with a very hand- some testimonial by Mr W S Lyator, on behalf of a great number of her admirers " La Perichole " waa played on Saturday night for the last time. Mdllo Ilma de Murska still occupies the foremost position in musical circles here It was intended that she and her company should bave left this lilaco for Now 7eal ind on the 27ch January, but owing to tbo illness of her husband, Mr Alfred Anderson, the event baa been delayed from that date to this On the day of the publication of our last summary she gave her first matmeo per formance m the Theatre Royal, which was densely crowded to witness her performance in character of the chief scenes from "Dmorah" and " Lucia di Lammermoor ' Her efforts excited the highest admiration amongst the audience The same perform- ance waB repeated on tho following Saturday afternoon, in tbo same place On Saturday, 5th February,shegaveherdlst Melbourne concert at the Town hall, with customary success The final concert of tho series was given in the same place on Wednes day, February 10 There was as usual a large attendance, and overyone was de- lighted with all that the prima donna did As there has beon during her stay here an unanimous wish to seo and hear her in com- pletely appointed opera, arrangements were made with Mr Lyster, the manager of the Melbourne Opera house, to produce the operas "Lucia di Lammermoor and "La Sonnambuloj ' the prima donna being sup- ported by Signor Rosuati and Mr Armes Beaumont, tenors , Mr Templeton, barí- tono, Stonor SusiDi, basso, ana Mrs Fox, Becoud lady The success of this undertaking has been fully in keeping with Mdllo de Muraka's high merits The date of tbo departure of tho company for New Zealand, where they are eagerly ex peeled, is not yet fixed. Mr and Madame Simonsen gave two concerts on their return to Melbourne, in the Town hall, on Satur day, January 29 and Tuesday, 1st February, Mr Simonsen as a masterly violinist and Madame Simonsen as a practised vocalist, have sbownthat their powers as executants havo in nowise Buffered during their four years' absence from Melbourne They have now organised a new English Opera Com pany with whom they intend Bhortly to depart for New Zealand. On Mon day, 31st January, these two artists, together with Mr. Armes Beaumont, perfoimed at one of the subscription con- certs of the Metropolitan Liedertafel, and met with great success Tbe eighth annivor sary of the Melbourne German Liedertafel was celebrated by a concert and ball on Mon- day, the 14th mat The affair was highly successful The prospectusoB for the coming year have been issued by the South Mel bourne Tonic Sol Ta Association, and by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society. The last named body promises selections to be made from "Athahe" "St Paul," "Paradise and Pen" "The Choral Symphony of Boetho ven," "The Ancient Manner, ' 'Eli," "The ,'Slet Psalm" (by Summers, conductor to the Bociety), and Randegger's " Tridohne " Bachs "Passion" will be given on Good Fn day, and "The Messiah" at Christmas. THEATRES. The. pantomime season at the Theatre Royal was brought to a conclusion on the 4th inst, since when the drama " Hand and Glove" has been produced, but has not proved a favourite with the audience The Mdlles Lingard appeared on the 19th inBt, in an Amoncan piece called "Saratoga" The first impression they created was a favouiable one. St George's Hall has been re opened by the United States Minstrel Troupe The members of the company are very clever, and they have received a fair share of patronage A new theatre is about being built m Bourke street, nearly opposite the Theatre Royal. DEATHS IN THE CHARITABLE INSTI TUTIONS. Tbe following are lists of the deaths (exclu- sive of those of petsons born in the colony) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals since our last summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, then ages, places of hirth, dates of arrival m the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arnved, and the causes of death - HULBOUItNE UOUriTAL Butler, Sarah, aged 23 native of Cambridge, arrived in 18o2, by tbe Norfolk, diod Febru ary 1, of typhoid fever Buckley Mary, aged 24 native of Ireland arrived in 1888 by the Southern Ocean , died 1 ebruary 4, of phthisis. Brown, Julia, aged 30 native of ireland, arrived in ISO I, by the Blanche Moore , died February 9 of chrome alcoholism Catroll, John, aged 50 native of Ireland, arrived in 1841, by the West Minster, died lebruaiylh of cancer of stomach Carter, Elisabeth, aged 50, native of Somersetshire, arrived in 1858, by the Sea Park, died Feb ruary 1 of pelvic abscess and diarrhoea Davis, Harnett aged 38 nativo of Chester, arrived in 1S70, by the Hastings, died Feb ruary 17, of aneurism of aorta. Finney, Ann, aged 29 native of Edinburgh, arrived in 1867, by the Uiiderloy , died Feb ruary 2, of phthisis Fern, Charles, aged 30 , arrived in 1874, by the Glasgow, died leb mary 12, of cancer of jaw Humpbill, James aged 45, native of Ire- land , arnved in 1852 by tbo Bangalore, died January 1, of diabetes Hubcr, -, aged 42, native of Germany, arrived m 1859, by the Agincourt, died February 11 of embolism, from injury to hand Hurst, Mar- garet, aged 26 native of Scotland , ship and date of arrival unknown, died February 13 of disease of brain Hill, AuguBt aged 21, native of Germany, arnved in I860 by the Robert Kerr, died Febiuary 13, of typhoid fever. Hallett, Edward, aged 67 native of SomeiBotsb.no , arrived in 1858 by the Motoka , died February 17 of dysentery Jelly, Elizabeth, aged 32, native of Lei- cester , arrived lu 1808, by the Queen of the Colonies, died February 10, of apoplexy Jamieson David, aged 55, native of Scotland, arrived in 1861, by tbe Ocean Chief, died January 13, of softening of the brain and paialysis. JoBke, Adolphe, aged 51, native of Germany , arrived in 1866 ship unknown; died January 30, of concussion of the brain. King, John, aged 34, native of Ireland , arrived in 1865, by the[Queen of the Mersey, died January 24, of fracture of leg and pycemio. Kavanagh, Thomas, aged 38, na tive of Ireland, arrived in 1859 by the Shal limar, died January 29, of disease of aneu- rism of thoracic aorta. Kelly, Margaret, aged 26, native of tho Isle of Man arrived in 1870, by the Great Bntam, died January 28, of disease of knee joint and ampu tatton Lvons, John, aged 40, native oE Ire- land , arrived in 1855, by the Red Jacket, died February 14, of injury to spine Mortimer, elizabeth, aged 34, native of Ireland, arrived in 1867, by the Tudor, died February 13, of pleuro pneumonia and congestion of lungs Noar, John, aged C1 native of Lancashire ; arrived in 1849, by the Alice Maude, died Tanuary 28, of fatty disease of the heart Nelson, Anne aged 40 native of Ireland, arrived in 1851, by the Shallimar, died Feb ruary 12 of pbthieis OIBCII, Wm , aged 39 native of Norway, arrived in 185J, ship unknown , diod 1 ebru- ary 7 of aneurism of aorta Quinlan,| Thomas, aged 47, native of Ireland , arnved in 1852 by tbo Ida , died Febiuary l8 of cancer of stomach. Itjan, Kate aged 55, nativo of Tipperary , arrived in 1S00, ship unknown , died febru- ary 12, of phthisis. bhaimau, Henry, aged 38, native of Lon don , arrived in 1853, by the ship Gibson Urei¡,, died January J8 of ph hisis Smith, '1 hoimis, aged 27 nativo of Bath , arrived in 1S7G by the Somcieelsbiio , died January ii, of acute rheumatism and morbus cordiB Sievore John ogcl 31 native of London; arrived m 1803 bj tho Laughing Water, died 1 ebrunrj 13 of phthisis Thomas W illiain aged 30, native of Bns toi, arnved m 1858, by the Pboaix, died lebruaiyl'l of hepatic icterus Wilson, Daniel aged 38, native of Scot land , arnved in 18J5 by tbo Donald M Kay, ditd 1 ebruary 7, of pcarlatma INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOU I'H WALES. The submarine cable between this colony and î>ew Zealand has been successfully laid. Mr Forster, the late Treasurer at present in Lngland, baa been appointed Agont General. The sum of £5 000 has been offered on behalf of Mr Ldward Cunningham of Beaton, for tbo release o,f all parties con cerned from the penaltv bonds of liO 000 in connexion with the old Pacific mail con tracts which after communication with Sir Julius Vogel has been declined Tho credi tors of Mr II H Hall aud tho late Pacific Mail Company waited upon the Government with a requeBt lor assistance in obtain ing a settlement of their claimp Mr Robert Bon declined to grant the request Tho Legislative Council have negatived the recoud reading of the Gold Duty Abolition Leave has been given in the Assembly to bnrg in a bill for amending the Public Schools Act It proposes to orginme a department of Public Instruction with a responsible Min. later instead of tho present Council ot Edutation Local contributions towards the erection of Bchoola wi'l no. be required and the mirimum number of pupils m deúorai. national schools is to be raised to 40 The position of the teachers 'a to bo improved and the exiatmt, provisions regarding dono', minational Bcbools to be abolished, and provision made for extending education to tho remoto parta of the country, and for night schools and the education of neglected children The Treasurer baa announced the with- drawal of the increased tobacco duties' stating that, viewing the large proportion of home grown tobacco, tho home conaamp tion, and other circumstances, it waa pro. bable that a bill would be required to deal with the question A letter bos been received from the Rid» Association of America cordially inviting riflemen to visit Philadelphia b Sproule, found guilty of ill treating a child at the Randwick Asylum, has been sentenced to four months' imprisonment _J0 formerly served in the Crimea and m Turkey lhe ship Ann Duthie, which has arrived from London, on December 29 m lat 27dee 43mm S and Ion 29deg 22mm, picked up tbiee casks with a flagstaff attached and a white flag with a black ball The casks wet« lashed together with part of a boat s gun. wale, and from the brands on them were BuppOBed to belong to an American vessel. Five hundred guineas were presented to Dean Cowper previous to his departure for London, per Somersetshire The A.S N Company have completed the purchase of Campbell s ixtensive wharf for £100,000 They have declared a dividend of 10 percent per annum and theNewZealaad Ineuiance Company 15 per cent. SOUTH AUSIRALIA The CommiBBioner of Public Works (Mr West Erskine) has resigned his seat m the Ministry and Parliament, and has left for England Mr Boucaut takes hia oflice, and Mr Thomas Playford that of Commissioner of Crown Landa vice Mr Boucaut His accession is regarded as strengthening the Ministry At a meeting of the Chamber of Commerça a resolution waa paased affirming tho do Birability of eatabhshing a tribunal of cora merce under certain conditions Information has been received that the Imperial Government bave assented to tho request having reference to inscribed stock, and will make the bill apply to the colonies generally The exports of breadstuffs this year to date amount to 35 000 tons ABenous accidentoccurred on the Northern Railway A gooda tram from the Burra ran off the line owing to the foundation of the bridge at the Peak a crossing having been washed away by a flood the proviouä night Jonathan Wright engine driver, John War. ren, stoker, and William Holme, a ganger, were killed The engine and line were damaged to the extent of between £3 000 and £4 00O The jury on the accident con cured Mr Branford, the inspector of perma cent way, for neglecting an inspection of the line, and attributed the accident to tus neglect He has been dismissed in conse- quence In a cricket match between 11 Victorians and l8 South Australians played at Adelaide, tbe latter won in one innings by 189 to 80 The bonded debt of the corporation of Ade« laide stands at £27,000 The Mercantile Insurance Company ban declared an interim dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum , and the Equitable Insurance Company, out of a net profit of £3 700, has declared a dividend at the rate of 15 per cent per annum The Kadina and Wallaroo Railway shows a net profit for the last half year of nearly £9,000, and the Pro vincial Gas Company netted a profit of £900 lost year The bouth Australian Insurance Company's report shows a credit balance of £25 000 for the year QUEENSLAND. Welcome rams have fallen in every part of tbe colony, and geuerally to the northward and coastwise A man has been found alive in the bash near Maryborough, who hadsubäistedforU days on the grass tree The South Auatralian Government have informed the Working Men s Association of Maryborough that they have no funda available for immigration from other colo nie? A meeting of the labour league at Mary borough was held to oppose the employment of kanakas within the town boundary The police arrested three of the principal organisers on a charge of inciting to not Alterworda 150 kanakas marched in pro- cession through the town The telegraph station at the Gilbert River has been etuck up by blacks The operator was intercepted between his house and the liver, and narrowly escaped with his life About 100 blacks surrounded the station The police have gone to ita relief TASMANIA The Hobart Town election for the Beat m (lie Le_,ialative Council resulted in the return of Dr Crowther An oar marked ' Essie Black' has been found at the Black River beach, near Cir- cular Head, also some portions of cabin doois of a light brown or yellow colour a Rmall hatch, and a small piece of pine marked "E B, ' apparently portion of the lining of a boat The jury at Hobart Town in a criminal case, when locked up, quarrelled about smoking. The smokers persisted, and the others resented by smashing the windows, through which a chair was hurled. The Chief Justice kept them locked up all night and till next mid-day, when he lectured and dis- charged them A large firm m Cornwall, England, inte rested in the tin trade has sent out a repio tentativo to examine and report on the tin mines, with the view to investment shoold tho result prove satisfactory. WESTERïTÂuSTRALlA Tbe Legislative Council was prorogued on January 3 until April i The Governor intends referring the whole question of harbour works to a competent English authority The Council has requested the Governor to introduce a bill to provide a guarantee of 6 per cent for 10 years for the construction of a railway from Fremantle to Perth and Guildford The Governor stated that it was impossible to do anything during the current session, but was prepared if necea gary to summon the session earlier than usual if it was docided that the scheme was one which could be properly put forward by Government on the basis of a guarantee Mr Elder having placed Mr Giles and tbe canielB at the disposal of the Government for tho purpose of examining the tributaries of the Murchison, and other rivers on the north coast, Air Giles Starts from Champion Bay early in March Ho will push across to South Australia, reaching Adelaide in Da« cember. An account of a shipwreck 10 years ago, in the neighbourhood of the North West Cap*i ia related bj natives who stato that the crew and passengers wero slain and oaten The v eeeel is suppoBed to bo the missing schooner Lromo, which loft Poit Walcott with 50 persone in 1807 . The Church Synod Ima decided to delegate to the Archbishop of Canterbury the appoint- ment to the vacant bishopric Ahurncane in Exmouth Gulf on Decora, her 29 lasted 48 bouis Two pearling craft» foundered, and 01 perons, including six Luropcans, were drowned NEW TEAL AND , ' The elections aro over O at of the 8G mer*, bers returned 42 are new men The Govern- ment are certain of having a good working majority in tho now Houso Sir Julius Vogel, having spent a brief holiday m Mel- bourne has returned to the colony and re- sumed his Ministerial duties We leam by telegraph that Sn Julius had a great, recep tion on his return to Wellington He was entertained at a banquet at which he made a "conciliatory Rpeech Ho bas resumed tbo position of Premier and Mr Reynolds boa retired from tho Cabinet 1 ho arrange ment mado by Sir Julius Vogel with the Bank of 1 upland to inscribe New ¿o» land stock-placing it on ti e same footing aa consols or Metropolitan Board of Worns stoi k-1 as been receiv ed with general op provui lhere is no joliMcal news of any (.nut momei t slum g Ino Governor has geno to Atic! land for three months _ The total quat tity of told pxporteel from New Zealand from lu» A. ni 18r>7 to the end r f lost year wnB 7 9 5 ¿J5or valued at £ 0 981 7fcG Acompmsoii between tne ex. poits of gold in lb7 . and 1874 show that at every rort wl cíe g Id wnB exported with tbo exception of two n ii itch smaller quantity was exported in 1875 than ni tho i revi >ug year TI e tliffeience in value waa £97 501.in favour of 1674 , Comparative returnB of the exporta ana ïmnorts of New Yeoland for 1874 and Wl* iwe-1875, imports £8 029172, exports, Iii 828 027. 1874, imports, £8,121,812 , ex ¿ortB £5 251,269 The CustoniB receipts for the colony for 1875 amounted to £1 236 435, as compared with £1,118 948 collected dunng 1874 The excess < f immigration to New Zealand over emigration for the paat year was 25 Oil, of whom lr> 113 were males, and 10,581 females. Tbo net gain of population by im migration WBB made up aB under -rrom United Kingdom, 21 437 from British colo mes 1,98 , other places, 2 280 The construe Mon of a dock, to accommo date vessels 320ft. over all, at a cost of £78 000, will be commenced at Auckland im """The Maori King Tawhiao has," says the liTaiilat'o Times ' iBBued the followinjj pro elamation, which, it will be seen, institutes some important social, moral, and religious reforms - ' Theae laws are-1-Maori "nests, 2-Maori tapu 3-Moori prophets i-Maon prayers 5-Witchcraft, G-reasts over the dead, 7-righting about land, 8 lighting about woroon, 9-Selling land, 10 Leasing land 11-Authority of chiefs, 12 Cnrsing,13-Tbeft, 14-Murder 15-Striking, 16-Cheating 17-Anger, l8-Revenge 19 Greed, 20-Presumption, 21-Stubbornness, 22-Government aid, 23-Rum drinking, 24 -Divisions. All these things are to ceaae absolutely, (Sinned) TAVHIIAO, Hikurangi, December 20,1875' A great fire occurred at Christchurch on Sunday, January 30, in a block of buildings known as the tnantilo, in the centre of the city. Tive shops wero completely destroyed, and another was gutted, several shops in- jured, and nearly the whole of Oram s City Hotel was burnt down. The fire was first observed in the back part of Almao's (a hatter's) shop, and owing to the inflammable nature of tbe goodB it blazed up with great rapidity The City Hotel was full of boarders, some of whom only escaped in their night A serions railway accident has occurred at White Cliff, Canterbury, by a branch lme engine going off tbe rails when at a speed of l8 miles an hour It turned completely over The Btoker was seriously hurt, the guard and inspector of permanent ways slightly so There were no paseongers The floods in the Auckland district have done îmmenso damage, the injury to the eettlers' crops alono being estimated at from £20 COO to £30 000 It is believed that a gold field has been found m the province of Taranaki by a digger named Casey. The railway baa boen opened to Timaru, rui "His Excellency the Governor has addressed an important and interesting message to the Legislative Council, setting forth the finan, cial policy of the Government -"It is pro posed to expend on public works a sum of £14,015, of this amount it is suggested that the large sum of £10 000 should be devoted to the construction of roads Tho expenses of the Land Titles Commission are'estimated at £2 500. A sum of £7,000 is asked for to meet the expenses of introducing Indian and Polynesian labourers to the colony. The expenses connected with the return of Poly- nesian labour are estimated at £7,000, of which the greater part ought to be recovered from tbe parties on whose account the expen diture ia incurred, but which will, in fact, His Excellency fears, to a very large extent re- main a burden upon tho colony. A sum of £350 is asked m aid of the expenses of the marine survey. The rates of these allow- ances are estimated at half those paid in Australia The,, total expenditure, exclu- sive of establishments, is estimated at £48 296 9s 9d , making with the establish ments a grand total of £71381 9s 9d." The Governor proposes that in futuro the community system of taxation prevalent in North Western India and other places, where the village or,tbe family forms the social unit, should be substituted for individual taxation The Legislative Council will from time to time MBeflS the amount payable by different pro- vinces and districts For the first year it will probably only be possible to assess the different provinces as a whole In subsequent years it may be possible to assess each dis- trict and perhaps even each village sepa- rately. The Governor proposes that " the amount of the provincial assessment shall be raised by the production of articles of export, which will be taken off the hands of the Government at fixed rates by contractors, who will themselves undertake the work of collection and shipment A sum of at least £500 IB expected to be realised from the sale of land, and a like amount from the fees on Crown grants to settlers. Should these various sources of revenue,which form a total of ¿40,400, at all realise the amount expected, the ordinary expenditure will be defrayed and the loan be applied exclusively, or almost exclusively, to public worksandotherexpenses incident to the foundation of the colony." The tax on Polynesian labour will be abolished Anew tanfl l8 proposed As a rule, the late «xietmg duties are untouched, but 10 per cent has been put upon imports that were recently admitted free, and 15 per cent upon drugs and jewellery Persons following any trade or profession have also to take out bcenccB, similar to the practice obtaining in Mauritius and some other colonies. The Secretary of State has instructed the Governor to appoint a commission to inquire into claims to land, the ultimate deciBion to be left with the Governor and Executive Council A dispute has arisen at Samoa between the United States consul and Colonel Steinberger, who undertook the mission on behalf of the United Slates Government some time ago. The consul contends that Steinberger's au thonty has ceased. He maintains it has not Steinberger has entrenched himself with two cannon, and ia determined to resist the authority of the consul. The latter called ia the aid of the coptam of ELM S Barra- couta, who would not interfere, but de- spatched a sub lieutenant to Sydney for in- structions from the commodore. COMMEKCIAL INTELLIGENCE. TIIK MAILS) TheR M.S S Mongolia, Captain A. Coleman, after taking on board her mails, Bpecie, and passengers, left Hobson's Bay on the after- noon of the 27th ult, on her outward voyage. The R M S S China Captain G. S. Brooks, with, the mails from India and Europei reached Hobson'B Bay on the 19th inst, The Normanby, with the Torres mails, arrived at Sydney on the 4th inst,, and here on the 8th. The Grenada, with the Californian and North American mails, arrived at Sydney on the 6th inst The Avoca, R.M S S" Captain J. H. Tor bock, which left Galle on 30th January, ar- rived here early on the 21st inst. STATE OF TRADE Business during the month now closed has not been characterised by anything like activity or animation A steady routine trade demand has been experienced, but no transactions beyond that have been allowed to come beforo UB The larger buyers, asa rule, have carefully abstained from engaging m anything of a speculative character, anti with the exception of kerosene, no specialty has been prominently noticed Operations m kerosene oil have, however, been con- ducted on a largo Beale, though transactions come far short of last month's sales. Yet they have been of a nature to fully enBUre the success of th« speculation, though no ad- vance on last month's quotations could be established, but on the contrary a concession on the trade rate thon given had to be made to induce the heavier buyers to operate Tho Balea effected in quantities amount to over 26,000 By tho Californian mail ad- vices from New York have been received to 24th, which state that the departures for Melbourne aro the Akbar, Etta Loring and the Chattanooga, having 18,100 cases on boord, the It J Moulton which left for Sidney, had 3 400 cases , while the Olustie loading for Adelaide, had 12 000 cases en gaged \\\ ith the exception then of the busi »e8B reported in this oil, transactions other wise have been of no account whatever, and on the present occasion we can attach no blame whatever to the weather, as the only appearance of Bummer with which we have been fa oured thia year at all has occurred during the present month. Nevertheless, Ino indication of an im ?".¡J'l demand has been noticeable, but on [tbo contrary, the utmost dulneBs has prevaüed in all branches of trade Nor can we at the present moment pretend to see any Prospect of achango for the better. Stocks of all descriptions of merchandise are accu- mulating, and shipments are still coming torward much in excess of requirements, and while that continues it is nnposBible to ex- pect anything like an improvement, more «specially |with a market so restricted and circumscribed, as must be always the case iinder the effects of a policy so destructive w a nation's prosperity as protection haB «ver been found to be In the face of «his we have reason for congratulation that i,ra i?im °'ber respecta continues sound and uealthy Not a single failure in the city has occurred during the month, though we can not Bay 80 mucn for the country trade, the rSual amountof small insolvencies being re iporttd, m addition to which a special meet ing of creditors was held on the 11th ni in the estate of MessrB Wm. Buhlert a Co , wholesale grocers and wine mercban Avoca The statement submitted show liabilities amounting to £12 COO, of win £2,100 ia secured The net assets are o¡ mated at £7 000, thus showing a doficier of about £3 500 After some discussion was resolved that the estate should wound up m the Insolvent Court T trade trustees appointed were Mr Jose Webater and a member of the firm of Mesa Ecroyd and Danby, accountants. Mesa Williams and Co timber merchants, & Warrnambool, with liabilities amounting £10 000, and assets estimated at £G 500, ha alBO been compelled to assign their estai Another country insolvency involving i equal amount of liabilities is reported to lia occurred, though the particulars have not y come before the public By tboao and símil failures mercantile bouacs in Melbourne ha been heavy losera and it l8 no wonder th Boveral wealthy firms in despair of an ii provement, havepieferred to wind up at close their establishments rather than su ject themselves any longer to the risk IOBB without anything to compensate or mai up for the nek tbuB incurred When ti wool season commenced we fully antu pated that the banks would have mad an alteration on rates of discount, at that a concession on the extreme rate ruling for so long a period would hav been made. In this however, we have bee mistaken , the season is now over. Englis money bas been substituted in exchange fe the wool clip of tho colony, but not tí slightest sign of a movement in the direi tion indicated has yet been made by tb banks, a course of policy which is to be di precated, as it ia impossible for any mei cantile community to exist for any length c time m a healthy state under an impost s very grievous aa the present ratea Th wool sales have been continued up to date though in BO irregular a manner and at sue' long intervals as plainly show that the soasoi m now over. About G121 balea have bee sold in the course of the month. Our tele gi ama advise us of the result of the oper ing sales m London, and prospects befoi us are deemed very satisfactory. The pol: tical aspect has of late become very muc more assuring The crisis-if the total col lapse of the " stonewallers" may be so calle -baa been safely passed, through the detoi mination and firmness of Sir Jas M'Cullock tbo Premier, and nothing he has eve done could go so far to reinstate biminth favour and respect of those from whom un fortunately be became estranged through hi action in the Darling grant controversy, a his admirable and dignified conduct through out the present crisis After a consideran! amount of skirmishing and by play, the roo Btiuggle with an opposing and faction minority in Parliament did not commonc until the afternoon of Tuesday, the 8tl instant, from which period the House sa continuously until Thursday night at 1 o clock, with the exception of an interva of an hour on each of the afternoom of Wednesday and Thursday, and wi can safely say that on no forme occasion bave we seen so much in tercet evinced m commercial circles, ane such honest satisfaction expressed, as wher it was found that the Opposition had been se completely out generalled, and victory wai declared m favour of the Government Thi action of the Opposition in stopping suppliei bas bad a very destructive effect on businesi hitherto In the trade of the month bulk ales owing to arnvals of new, have been comm, more into notice. In bottled stout ealei of dagger brand alone, to the extent of 2 80t cases, have been recorded. Dundee goodi have been very depressed, and both corn sacks and woolpacks have suffered a furthei decline. Transactions in imported candiel have not been large, but Victorian candiel have been freely pushed, the directors of the Apollo Company being determined to make a bid for public favour. Fish have been rising into notice Fruita are also receiving more attention Breadstuffs have improved, but feeding grains have been very much de pressed Malt has met with a good inquiry, and special sales to the extent of 8 000 bushele were recorded early in the month In kerosene, as we have already stated, a large businese boa been done In sugars only a moderate business has been done Of the sugar com- pany's refined descriptions 1,400 tons have been quitted, while the sales of Mauritius comprise the James Service, Synnga, and Garmouth's cargoes, besides broken ship- ments which have changed hands In Teas the only special business was the offer of the Gleam's cargo Tobaccoes bave been lightly dealt in In timber the only cargo of deals Bold was that of the Soren Berner. Wine and spirits generally have been sluggish and little noticed On case brandies, however, a very considerable improvement has been noticeable The Zealandia, with dates to 19th December, from London, reached this Eort on the 3rd îuBt By the arrival ere on the 8th mat of the Torres Straits maill steamer Normanby we have been placed in possession of dates from Toocbow to 18th December, from Hong Kong to 22nd (by circular), from Singapore to 12th January, and from Saigon to 2nd January By the Granada, which reached Sydney on Oth February, mails have also come forward from Now York to 24th De comber, and from San Francisco to 9th January Tho China, with the English and Indian mails, via Suez, owing to having to §ut back to Galle in consequence of an acci ent to her machinery, did not reach Ade- laide until the 17th, arriving here on the 19th inst Our dates from London reach to the 25th December, from Calcutta to Cth Janu- ary, from Colombo to the 14th January, from Hong Kong to 5th January. The Avoca, wirh an intermediate mail from Galle, reached Adelaide on the 19th, and here early on the 21st inst, with dates from London to 7th January. EXCHANGE AND MONtï The rate of exchange on London for this mail remains unaltered. The banks' selling rate IB ¡ per cent premium for GO dayB' Bight bank drafts The buying rate is } per cent dis- count. Interest is paid by the banka at the rate of 5 per cent on 12 months' deposits, i per cent on six months' and 3 per cent on three montbB' deposita The banka continue to charge 7, 8 and 9 per cent on two three, and four months billa, requiring 10 per cent, for overdrafts. STATIONS In this class of property a large business continues to be done at very extreme rates Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co report bavins sold privately, by order of the execu tors of the late Mr Roderick Urquhart, the Ardachy Estate comprising 9 958 acres of freehold land, with improvements and stock, near Branxholme, to Mr. Walter Laidlaw. Mr. John Geo, Dougherty, m conjunction with MeesrB. Powers, Rutherford, and Co , report having sold tho Borambil Stations, in the Lachlan and Wellington districts of Now South Wales, consisting of an extensive area of Crown lands, and also about 1 000 acres of freehold, with 4 700 cattle, horses, stores, and station plant tho property of Mr. W. H Suttor, ML A, of Brucedale, Bathurst, to Dr Rowe, of Seven Creeks, at a satisfactory price-terms all cash. Mesara. Powers, Rutherford, and Co also report having sold privately, by order of Mr. W. H Gel), KijSlation, near Euston, New South Wales, with good improvements, 1,200 head cattle, sheep, horses, plant, BtoreB, &c;, to Mr. John Hugh Macvean. Messrs. Ryan and Hammond report having in conjunc- tion with Mr. George Aitkon, sold privately Mr. Hamlet Fletchers Tatonga Lockbait's Creek, Bungoona, and Giassdaleruns m the Benalla district, together with 2 3Gb aerea purchased land, 14 G00 sheep, 150 cattle, 90 horses, Btation plant, ice , to Mr Geo Temple MeesrB. Lttorshank, Eaglestone, and Co re- port having sold, on account of MoBsrs Hardie and Mular, to Mr James M Crae, lumudgorie Station, situated in the Murrumbidgee diBtnct, with 18,035 sheep, cattle, horses, purchased land, l-c. Mesara J. H Clough and Co report the Bale, m con junction with Mr Alfred Stokof of Torbea of Mr Rawsthorne'a BtationB Carrawobidty and Gunning East in the Wellington district of New South "\\\ ales, with 2 500 head of cuttle, to Messrs Woods Brothers, at a satis- factory price. Messrs Richard Gibson and Co report having sold by private con- tract, to Mr, John Dennis, three unim proved stations in the Lachlan district of j\ew South Wales, viz -Guapa, No 1, 32 000 acres, Tara No 5 32.000 aorea, Tara Iso 4 G1 000 acreB compuaing in all 128 000 acres of Crown lands. BToohs iv norn The following wero the stocks In bond at Melbourne on February 19 -Brandy, 5,280 hhd , 21,207 cases , rum, 1 819} hhd , 133 cases, geneva, 241 hhd, 31242 red caaos, 3 702 green cases, whisky, 1 010 hhd , b 447 cases, gin (sweetened) 27 hhd , ß 413 cnaea; cordiola, 1 248 casen ; spirits of wine, 73 hhd ; other spirits, li bluf, 0 910 casea ; wine, 3,503 hhd , 22,011 cases , boor, 679 hhd , 30 419 cases and casks , tobacco (manufac- tured), 395 half tierces, 1,235 quarter-tierces 4 594 three quarter boxes and boxes, 4 367 cases, do, unmanufactured, 239 hhd. and casks, 50 cases, 073 bales ; candles, 239 chests, 52 205 boxes, agars, 850 caaes ; kerosene, 80182 caaes ; flour, 88 boga ¡ cocoa and chocolate, 92 packages , coffee, 1 403 bags 9 tierces, 71 casks, 155 bárrela ¡ wheat 682 bags, chicory, 510 packages ; opium, 118 packages ; oats 5 137 bogs ; hops, 492 packages, rice, 48,281 boga, SU tons; salt, 3G.028 bags; vinegar, 700 casks, 2,305 cuses; tea,fi,744chests(519,1181b.), 81,007 half chests (3.302,G33Ib.), 58,252 boxea (655,0371b.) ; sugar-Mauritius, 27 bags, 4,292 pockets ; Manilla, 30,067 mats ; Réunion, 71 mats ; Java, 4,965 bags, 24,340baBkots, 18,513 mats; other port«, 26,059 bags, 48,151 mats ; re- finery, 980 tona, 1 case or cask. llirOBTS AND EXI'OIlTa. The following table gives the imports aud exports of the port from the beginning of tbe year to tbe 12th inst., as compared with the corresponding period of 1875 : Jan. 1. Jan. 8. Jan. 16.. Jan. 2:.. Jan. 29_ Fob. 5 Feb. 12 Totals Imports. £ 01,001 802,017 807,766 200,077 583,602 881,015 858,110 £ 18,700 274,473 817,228 275,453 £81,031 214,480 188,843 8 070,000 I 1,082,774 I 2.031,050 Exports. 494,300 574,838 242,407 200,090 810,055 50,801 242,699 501,007 425,087 431,030 203,193 011.805 831,704 137,835 2,710,811 Buring the first period the accounts stood thus: Imports .£2,070,000 Exporta . » 2,081,030 Balance) of export« over Imports £011,300 During the Becoud period : Imports .. .. .. _ £1,682,774 Exporta .. . - . 2,710,811 Balanco of oxports over Imports £1,028,037 Comparing the above periods with each other, the results are as under : Importo In 1875 ., ,. ... £2,070.000 Imports in 1876 .1,082,774 Decrease in 18T0.£337,832 Exports In 1876. £2,681,050 Exports in 1870.2,710,811 Incroaso in 1870 .. .. .. £28,855 ruiitio conr-ANiBs. Melbourne Gas Company.-The half-yearly meeting was held on the 25th January, at the office, Collins-street, Mr. T. Moubray in the chair. The report stated :-" From the amount at credit of profit and loss, namely, £9,737 10s. 7d., your directors now declare a dividend at the rate of Oper cent, perannum, which will absorb £7,500, leaving to carry forward to next half-year the sum of £2.037 10s. 7d. The dividend will be payable at this office on and after Tuesday, the 1st February prox." The report and balance sheet were adopted. Collingwood Gus Company.-The 31st half yeorlymeeting was held on the 26th January, at the office, SwanBton-Btreet, Mr. Jamieson in the chair. The report stated :-" Your directors, in presenting the financial state- ment for the half-year ending 31st Decem- ber, 1875, feel that the position the com- pany has attained warrants them in making a reduction in the price charged for gas. They regret, however, that owing to the expected keen competition in the city, they will not be able in tbe meantime to moke the reduction general." The balance sheet showed a credit balance to profit and loss account of £7,601 7s. Gd. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. South Melbourne Gas Company.-The seventh half-yearly meeting was held on the 31st January, at tbo Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill, Mr. J. W. Randall in the chair. The report stated, inter alia:-"Tho financial statement shows that af ter allowing £200 for wear and tear, and writing off £300 for preliminary and Parliamentary expenses, the profit during the past half-year was £1,3019s. 5d.; this, with the balance from the previous half-year of £1113s. 5d., makes in all £1,313 2s. 10d., which your directors propose to corry forward, as they consider it to the interests of the company not to declare a dividend at the present time." The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Land Mortgage Bank of Viotoria.-The twenty-third half-yearly meeting was beld- on the 27th January, at the Melbourne Athenrcum. The directors' report said " The frosB profits, inclusive of £29218s. 8d., the alance brought forward from last account, amount to £18,667 3s. lid. After payment of all current charges, interest on deposits and debentures, and making provision for bad and doubtful debts, there remains a balance of £5,410 9s. 7d., which the directora propose to dtBtribute as follows :-To dividend of 9 per cent, per annum on the paid-up capital (£100,000), £4,500; to réduction of bank pre- mises and furniture account, 20 per cent., £157 2s. 10d.; balance to next account, £753 63\. 9d.; total, £5,410 9a. 7d." The report and balance- sheet were adopted. At a special meeting held afterwards, the directors wero authorised to issue and dispose of additional shares to the extent of £50,000. Bank of Victorio.-The half-yearly general meeting of the proprietors of the Bank of Victotia was held at the banking-house, Collins-street, on the 1st February. The Hon. Henry Miller occupied the chair. There was a large attendance. The Chair- man read the following report and balance sheet:-"The board of management.of the bank of the Bank of Victoria have now to submit to the proprietors of bank stock their forty-sixth half-yearly report, together with the balance-sheet for the same period, duly certified by the auditors. Balance of un- divided profits, 30th June, 1875, £8,059 8s. 5d,; net profits for the half-year (after pro- viding for bad and doubtful debts), £42,276 14B. lid.-total, £50,336 3a. 4d.-which the directois propose to apportion as follows : To dividend, at £10 per cent, £25,000 ; bonus of 2 per cent, £5,000 ; bank premises, £5,000 ; reserve fund, £5,000-making £40,000, leav- ing £10,336 3s. 4d., being balance of un- divided profits carried forward." The report and balance sheet were adopted. A pro- posal to establish a superannuation fund for officers of the bank was referred to the directois for their opinion and advice. Commercial Bank of Australia,-The eighteenth half-yearly meeting of share- holders was held at the bank on the 1st February. The chair was taken by the Hon. James Service, M.L.A. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, on the motion of the chairman, seconded by Mr. W. G. Sprigg. The chairman congratulated the share- holders on the progress of the business during tbe half-year, the figures in the balance-sheet showing an improvement under every heading. The circulation of notes had increased by over £10,000, and the deposita about £72,000. The chairman stated the dividend would be paid on and after next day. TheSoutherriInsurance Company (Limited). -The usual half-yearly meeting was held at the office, Queen-street, on the 7th Feb- ruary; Mr. Phipps Turnbull in the chair. The report set forth that the directors "re- gretted that the underwriting account for the period under review would necessarily BUOW a loss when closed. Under these circum- stances the directors were unable to recom- mend payment of a dividend. Apart, how- ever, from the exceptional cause above stated tho affairs of the company wore in a satisfactory condition." After a somewhat lengthy discussion the report and balance sheet wero adopted, and the retiring directors re-elected. The Melbourne and Hobaon's Bay Railway Company.-The usual half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay Railway Company was held on the 1st February at tho offices, Elizaboth-street. There was a very good attendance of share- holders, and the chair was occupied by tho Hon. T. T. A'Bockett The roport statod : "It will be seen from the statement of revenue and expenditure that tho pasoengor receipts amount to £60,720 7s. Sd., compared with £08,10115s. 7d. received during tho cor- responding period of 1874 ; the result of the merchandise working exhibits an increased revenue of £735 13s. lid. over the same period. The gross revenue for the half year amounts to £89,315 0a., which, after tbe deduction of interest and working ex- penses, leoveB a balance of £29,197 Gs. 4d. available for dividend, as compared with £25,515 IB. 2d. for tho corresponding period of 1874, being nearly 11 per cent, on the shara capital of the company. The board of direc- tors declare a dividend at the rate of 8 por cent, per annum, absorbing £21,388, leaving 1:7,809 GB. 4d. to be carried to the reserve fund, which will then amount to £26,476 3a. Gd. The following ¡B tho number of vessels which have discharged passongors and cargo at the company's pier during the six months ¡-Foreign sailing vessels, 40 ; foreign Bteamors, 11 ; intercolonial, 135 ; colliers, 15. Total, 207. The Hon. Thomas Turner A'Bockett, aud the Hon, Edward Cohen, M.L.A., retiro from the directory, in accordance with the provisions of the com- pany's act, but are eligible for re-election, and both have signified their intention.in writing, lo offer thomaelves as candidates for re-elec- tion." The roport and balance-sheet wero adopted, and Meesrs. T. T. A'Beckett and E. Coben wero re-elected directors, and Mr. K, Langton waa re-elected auditor. Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank. The general half-yearly meeting was held on the 4th February, the Hon. James Balfour in the chair. The report said, "The amount at the credit of tho profit and lona account, after providing for all current expenses, and writing off £50 from furniture account, and the bolanco of preliminary expenses, is £1,405 2s. 9d., which tho directors propose to appro- priate in the following manner ¡-Interest guaranteed on pajments in advance, £540 12B. 2d. ; dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, perannum, £055 IB.; balance to next half year, £209 9s. 7d.; total, £1,465 2a. 9d." The report and balance-sheet were adopted. ?Williamstown Gus Company.-The half yearly meeting of shareholders in the wil- liamstown Gas Company was held at the lompany'a office on tho 4th February, Mr W Dempster presiding. The balance sheet for the six months ending Slat December last Bhowed the gross profit on the manufactur ing accouht to bo £743 13s Id , from which a sum of £191 7s "id was allowed aa discount on lighting accounts It waa resolved to carry £50 to the reaerve fund, £30 to the plant account £50 for mains and services and £25 for meterá Oat of the balance then remaining it waa propoaed to pay a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum The reaerve fund ia now £318 9s Gd The report was adopted, together with the balance sheet St Hubert's Vineyard Compiny -Tho half yearly meeting of tbo shareholders of the above company waa held at the company's office 91 Little Collins street east, on the 7th Tobruary. The Hon James Graham piCBided The secretary road tho following report of the company's operations for the past half year -"We have £G36 19s 8d. on the debit side of oui account, not- withstanding that wo exclude tho in- terest accruing on bills given for tho pur- chase of the stock, &c;, of the vineyard, winch the auditor suggests is fairly charge- able against the year in which it becomes due Aa against this balance there has to be taken into account the improvement of the property, the additional plant, the approaching vintage, and the outlay in connexion therewith. Since last meet* ing the accounts received of consignments to India have been highly satisfactory m proving that the wines are capable of bearing the voyage either in wood or bottle. The trade is not yet of any large extent, but givos promise that India will become one of the principal spheres of the company's opera, tiona, while it ia to be hoped that the Eng- lish maiket may also prove of great value, as the undoubted excellence of the wmea comes to bo recognised. Encouraging ac- counts have also been received from Queens land, New South Wales, and New ¿oaland The yield of last crop fully came up to the expectation of the directors. We have now 52 548 gallons on hand, valued at £9,709 4s., having sold between 31st March and 31st December 8 550 gallons, yielding £2195, on an average 5s lid per gallon net The directors of course feel that the sale of this quantity of wine ia altogether too small to make the company a present success, and would respectfully urge on the shareholders the importance of giving tbem some assist ance in disposing of the wines, at present they can scarcely point to a new customer from amongst the proprietors themselves, and can only account for this fact by a want of knowledge of the excellence of the wine produced at St Hubert's. Of course the wine in the companys collars increases in value DB it matureB, but there must be cur- rent sales to meet current expenses. Two of the directors, McBsrs Shadforth and Twenty man, retire from office at the present period, but are eligible for re election," The report and balance sheet were adopted, and the retiring directors and auditor were re elected. Gipps Band Steam Navigation Company. The half yearly meeting of shareholders waa held on the 7th February, at the company's office, Flinders street Mr. John Benn pre- sided, and there wero about a dozen share- holders present. The secretary read the following report for the half-year ending 31st December, which stated " after providing for various items, there remains at the credit of the profit and loss account the sum of £3,019 GB 4d , out of which your directora re- commend a dividend of 15a. per share, which will leave a balance of £88 1B 4d. to be carried to next account" The report and balance-sheet wero adopted. Deniliquin and Moama Railway Comrany -The second half yearly meeting was held on tbe 7th February. The directors reported favourably of the progiees made during the past six months The report and balance sheet were adopted, and the directors were authorised to borrow on mortgage or raise by debentures money up to £33,000 to carry out the company's act The Victorian Permanent Fire Insurance Company -The eecond half yearly meeting of the above company was held on the 7th February, at the office, Collins street east The chair was occupied by Mr. J. M Davies. The following report and balance sheet wore read by the manager, Mr. James Munro - " The directors submit herewith the balance sheet for the period ending 31st December, 1873\. The groBs nmount received for pre- miums, vu , £2 10018a Id , is a proof that the company has every prospect of doing a good business ; and the amount paid for manage- ment, advertising, and stationery show that its affairs have been conducted with strict economy. The losses by fire during the half year, including a Bum since paid, amount to £22 15B 8d." The balance Bheet showed a credit balance of £2,004 5a. 8d. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT Tho Argus OlIIco, Tuesday Evening In trio Import markets business during tho past month lias been exceedingly quiet No specialties havo been allowed to como into prominence Specu latlon hog been dormant, and tho trade done his been closely restricted to supplying ordinary want«. Bulk ales have been moro dealt in A low ship mentí of now havo como forward, and boen du) po6cd of at extremo rates Only a vory modo rato quantity has yet, however, been received. Bottled ales and stouts havo not boen activo, but at a reduction of Is largo naroola of tho Dagger brand havo been clearod off Dundos coode aro in a very depressed atato. Cornsacks aro lower again. Woolpacks are utterly neglected. Gun nlcB aro coming moretnto notlco Oaudlcs aro oastor Imported brands bave not boon so much run altor, but thcro bos been moro dono in Victorian made Ce- ments aro Blow. Chemicals, chicory, coffco, conteo tionery, cordago, fruits, havo been without animation Flour and wheat havo Improved. Feeding gralnaharo been very depressed I ifch has had an improving tea dency blasting powder, metals, oilmen s stores, provl lions, ricf.sult, &c; , requlrono special notice Milt has mtt w ith a I air amount of attention Hops aro much quieter and slower again In oils, koro3ono has met with a good deal of favour On quicksilver an ad yanco linB been established Sugar as well as toa has only met with fair trado attention. Tobscooos have not bcon marked by any activity. Timber li still do premd Wines aro neglected. Bulk brandy is ii anything raslor, but caso brandies havo improved considerably Alo and Stout -In bulk ales business has been quiet all tbo month, chiefly owing to tho fact that shipment! h»> o come forward so slowly as not to admit of much buelucis being done, and simo tho Bale of Bass s and Joulo s shipments at £0 10s , reported lost month, little has transpired A lew small parcels were quitted to arrive, and about £0 was paid for Bass A ship merit of Aitken s on the spot »as taken up at £8 C3 or thereabouts Tkoso Eales occurred early lu tbo month, and the market has been dormant slnco, until a few days ago, when a couplo of shlpmontsof Mar- ri »n s anltcd, olio of which was cleared off at £0 10s In ordinary parcels to the trado Bottled ales have shown very little activity indeed, and ouly tbo most timing sales for actual requirements karo been making Tonnent's has maintained a nominal nuotn lion ot 10s. 8d. For Foster s wo quoto 10s 0J , but only email lois havo been selling nt tho price All ?opp's Is offered at OB 8d to l)s Gd For Bass's trlanglo a Bluillar rato has been required, but tho sales re- ported haie not been over 8j to £>? 3d. Bloods lu selling at 0s. Sd. to 0s Od for M'Ewan'a 93 to Bl 3d Is asked, but eales aro not of much account Aitkcn's is offered at at 8s del For Devenish, 89. Gd Is now alco wanted, but no largo linos have been quitted Jeffroy s stands at 7s. Ud to 8s Bottled stouts as a rule havo not bad any spocial demand, lho Oller brands bato boen moving quietly for trado purposes at about lait month's quota lions, notwithstanding that somo heavy sxlca ha\o been meda through tbo auction room from week to week, at \orj much lower rates, by tbe agents ot O Brien s dogger brand, who, rathor tbau allow stocka to accumuluto lartbor, at an in crmied cost In Btorago charges, dee, bavo wiBuly adopted the policy of clearing off shipments on arma), resulting In tho quitlauco of 2 800 cases, at prices ranting trom8s Id ti 8s 8d With that on ccption, biiBluces otlierniso in tho market has boon slow and unimportant Edmond s pig brand has boon moving quietly, at 103 3d to 10s Gd , while Burkes baa been quitted at 109 to 10s Sd Foster a, tho only other brand reduced in prlco so as to bring it within Hit reach of bu j ero, has 1 ecu offering at 0s Od , with a better prosi ect of business Minn at tho price formorly quoted IlallsboarsliendlsvalucdatOs Od , butthere Is no stock Blood e Ima boon moving off quietly at fla to Se ad Byaees porter is offering at 8s. 3d, but nilli tbo prlco now accepted for dagger brand, little pri grcfo eau bo undo in tbe salo of this or othor tirai Cn of porter, the commoner descriptions of which range In ni 7a to 7s 01 BaRglng - A fair demand has boon experienced during tlio greater part of tbo month for oornsaoka, and though taits bato been limited to morely sup- ply I g t>»do want.«, In parcels of 10 to 15 bales, extending to 2C to 60 bales, yet a vory lair quan tilj In lho aiigrcgato lias mon got rid of. Cal- cutta DickB liato BlmoBt entirely boon run after, and tbo prlco realised wia for a considerable Trlilla maintained at 8i 8d , 10 day o ago, how ever, a clearing sale waa hold, whon about 120 bales wero quitted at 7a. lid , and slnco then there has been lees doing, holdors generally not bolng ii clincd to submit to the reduction , tho markot, bow e\ci, presenting no Blgns of Improvement, further eales halo boen made at auction at 7« lid., while pri- vately 8ff tits bid to bo accoptcd In Dundoo mado lltllo has been done, inquiries (or tlicBO having benn eo very trifling, tho fow salea reported have routed fiom 7s 8Jd to 7fl lod 1\oolpacits havo boon minina! at ¿a. 8d to 2s Sd, at which Importers woro * ilht g to du business I ni at auction aalowoo 2s 2d was accepted, a fact «hieb Bliowa moro than anything lho unsatisfactory state of tho market Bran bi_.B hitto bcon going off qutotly though Btcadily nt 6s 0J , but at tho I nbllc talca- not moro than Bs e mid bo l{Ot for tlio v ory bcBt Guunlca, scarcely noticed f ir somo timo bick, ha\o como into prominence all at oneo, and wo learn of some 270 bales havit g beou placed lu parcilB for actual requirements at 03 Od Boots and Shom.-Trade In thoïo toads has not ocen marked by much a tit lty, uud tho salo3 effected I a\obttnof triniifc Iniportiuico On Tim oday tho 27tb ulu, at auction, Imolecöol EwrlBh and colonial Rots and shoos woro dlfipoflcil of at Ino following pt lees - Children s almas, 7 0, bold at In 4d ai d 38 7d , do , 10 ia al id 3d mid 4s 'k1 , do ii nid»', 1 2, at 6u 3d , women a do , ia Ga Gd , dill dren s lace, 10 13, at Is 4d , rnon's oxonia* s at 3l lud , buff do brought4s 4d canvas do, 3=, 31 nnd3j Gd , men's pegged clastic sides GB lOd , calf do , 8s fid and 9s do mock balmorals, Oj, Bullish made cull di eu s button moine!, 43 7d , woroon's do , B S , 8P Dd , do glovo kid, E S , 14B , women a balmoral», He ghi» do, Oi to 13°, »onions 8 W. lasting, at 7e 3d; children's borte, 1J ; for Sa do Cd . do bufl shoes, 03 íhoro was a good 1 a ico of Luyere, a»*d biddings wore brisk On day, tho 10th, an important salo oí calta kin boots aud shoes was held. Thoro waa a nun alttDdanco o! buyers, and prices realised 1 follow -Calf hid skins brought 4fie 01 to ßfc do7cn , childs* 4 C almas, 2s. HJ : do 7 9 do ( 3i girls' 10 J3 do, 4s 6<t ; youths 11 do , 5a women's almas 5s 4d,mtnedot7f to 93. öd. Candios.-Only a moderato do m aud for lui[ candles baa been experienced, moro «specially foi UEO, tho bulk of tho sales effected havo boc export, ti 0 trad0 as a rulo having taken adva of tho opportunities presented to supply ord routlno wanta from the» numerous parcels in B1 fault) condition offered at tho weokiy sales and baa, thoreforo, boen little duno privately Tho prii in cuustqucuco declined, for while lOJd to lOJi rcallsod at the commencement of tho month foi Unes, and lOld to lOgd at auct'on, tho rato obt of lato for sound parcels has not oxecoded lOd a tion and lOJd priva*oly, whilo OJ1 has boon ace for slightly faulty Parcela lu bond for ship havobcrn quitted at S\ 1 Victorian niado candles come very prominently into notico durinj, thom llio Apollo Company, under new arrangou: aro manufacturing much moro extensively, ' tho MceBrs Kitchen, having largely i nor the capacity of their works, aro miking douhli quantity thoy made la«t yoar, which circume must naturally very much curtail tho eonsumptl imported brands, moro especially as tho diroctt tho Apollo Company, wishing to "bring tholr bl into notico, by giving an opportunity to tho tra comparo tho quality of their goods (which aro r equal to tho best imported brandi») with fi: makes havo sold by auction, at tho weokly t without tho Bligh teat rcsorvo, thus clearing ol tho courso of tho month 2,800 boxes, at p cuni mcneill g at 8£d down to Sijd. at tho c and wo understand tho quality Is giving tho ut Balla faction Kitchen's potrollncs maintain tho tton acquired by them long ago, and coneidoi sales havo been mado at B|d , tho price to which have boen reduced in consequence of tho ratos ce pt od for tbo others. Cement.-Wo noto an exceedingly quiet mai Scarcely anything has been dono beyond suppl trade wants Importers, owing to tho additional which moat he Incurred thomby, hare not boon position to offer tho larger buyers an inducomoi operate to anj extout, preferring Instead to broal invoices, and offer tmaller parcels to tho trade at proportionately better prices usually domanded suth Unca. Tho sales effected havo consequently 1 of no account, and quotations havo boen malnta at IBs lo 16s , according to brands. Stocks howe are heavy, and there is not much prospect of impr mont. American plaster is quiet, as supplies con forward aro within reasonable hounds, and there L surplus stock to clear out. Wo quoto 16s. for g brands Chtmlcals -Wo nota a Tory quiet market, tho , ther, though moro favourablo during the past moi has been very much against those goods all season Soda crystals have beon moving .irlvatolj £015s, but woro sold this week by auction at 10s, For carbonate wo now quoto 17a. Öd. Oau soda has only been In vory mod orate request ; 00 cent has been moving quiotly at £10 to ¿101 whilo 70 per cent has dropped to £1810s Flowei Bulphur show no improvement ; only trifling sales making no parcols bolng got rid of, wo quoto 10s to £14. Tart arfe acid has boon quitted at 2s 2s 2d Cream of tartar commande Id. 4Jd to Is Preparod opium Is moving off at 25s , but only a rr trado Inquiry Is experienced. Chicory has not altered. Sales havo boon limit« supplying ordinary wants at G£d to Old. Coffee.-On this ßtapio no chango can be record Business has boen restricted ; routino wants only h been supplied, and Bales for this reason havo b moderate and unimportant. Stocks, however, well concentrated, nothing bclnghotd outside the tra transactions aro In conscquonco not pushed to tho tent they must otherwise havo boon Plantation moving off in small lota at from la. 2d to Is 2 Java, according to sample, Is worth la. Id, to la. 1J hut only in small lots NatUo Ooylon, in similar le makes 12 id. Confectionery -Thoro is no special inquiry. 1 local ueo Victorian modo alono obtain notice, and good apflortments 7d to 7£d is realised I mp or brands are quite nominal, we quoto DJd. to 10&, I there la nothing at all doing Candled peel has be selling all the month at prices ranging from lid. to 8d , but the demand has boen unimportant. Jujul aro quoted at Is. lj^. to is 2d Cordage docs not show tho slightest sign of actlvll almost all tho business reported la for export, thon oven that Is of very trifling oxtent Manufactur maintain previous values, and no change has ocean Blnco we last wrote Beet Manilla hemp mado V terian rope Is moviag off quietly at £00, while sL under lln realise 8d per lb Second quality of ti material is got rid of at £53 for large and 7d per 1 for email sizes. Flat ropes aro disposed of at prii ranging from £72 to £81, but tho demand from t minerals most restricted Kow Zealand repa is at dtalt in, though tho scarcity of tbo raw material mt ore long havo a great effect upon the sale of this c scriptlon. For largo slros wo quoto £33 Lines a cordage aro disposed of at Gd., wool laBhlag is Baleal at £34 Seaming twlnos aro unaltered, ouly ve trifling parcols aro moving, at le lid. to Is 2d Sh twines rango from lOd to 1B Id In New Zoila; flax nothing whatever has been done. ïiBhls coming into much moro prominonco owl, to the near approach of Lent. Valuos gouorally ha been well supported, and considerable salos havo be made Ling nae been moving freely for trado pt poses atfild to Bid., and likewiso in parcels onti shipments, up to 70 puncheons In a Uno, havli been got rid of Whlto herrings In half barn havo also had a vory roady salo at 30a 32s, and, besides the ordinary trado doman two or throo ontlro shipmonts, comprising abo 700 half barrels, wore cleared of! ou arrivi lib ire ah herrings havo gono off readily at 7a Od parcels to 8a. In retail lots. Sod herrings In tins ha brought 32s. to 81a. lib salmon has baon hold at 10 but when parcels havo beon sold at auction DJ. 0J h been accepted, which prico has also boen takon p vatoly. lib oj Bters havo boon Btoadily maintained 7B. 3d., and lib lobsters havo ruled at Da Fruits have not had any prominonco duriog t month , towards tho close more Inquiry was expo enctd tor currants, aud an improved business is w done Duty paid salos aro making at 5d In bond 23 to 3d Is offering, and wo loam of a considerable ah] ment ha\ lug teen sold at 3d per lb In the bay 1 export. Ita!sins bare not boen briBk, tho doma having been very limited all through Eletnos roall OJd . Valencias are also moving at 6|d , und for Oapi of which there is scarcely any stock, wo quoto 0J Sultanas aro in slow salo at8Jd atúsentela are quot at Is , but thero Is nothing uno lu tho market Fi rcallEo from Sd to SJd Dried apples aro nominal 7d to7*d Flour and Grain.-When wo wrote last month t! market waa Buffering through a heavy declino fro tho opening prico of both wheat and flour, but ti fall having botn too rapid a reaction set in, whlc caused tho price of wheat to advance till baroly toucl Ing 5B 4r}d , whon symptoms of wcakneas again a] pea red, and during tbo past week tho quotation ha ruled at 5s 3d to 5s id., closing for tho mont with a Armor look, 6s 4d and 5B Gd being askot Supplies havo como forward very freely, but a tbeuo havo mostly gono into the hands of th larger millers direct, thero has boon comoaratlvel little placed on tho market to meet tho wants of oui side buyers-heneo tho reason of so much flrmnee hitherto Supplies of wheat from tho country die tricts to 12th February amount to 72,107 bags, a flgalntt 57,250 bags at tho corresponding period lae year, showing an Increase in favour of tho proson year of 14,047 bags On tho othor hand, th decrcoeo in arrivals of flour against the presan year ia 5,708 bag«, thus leaving a not excess t: favour of 1870 of about 8,800 bigs of wheal \Micn tho new season opened supplies of oli had been nell cleared out, and to moot immédiat require m cn ta a few shipments had to bo ordore round from Adelaide, blnco our own harvest com mc need, however, tho market has beon abundant!, Buppliod Shipments from Adelaldo to England ar making vory freely, and tho price for cargoes is no\ 4B Ed in that market Our latost quotation fron Fnghnd Is 52s per quarter Flour has llkewie fluctuated slightly. Tho prico at ono timo dropped ti £11, then rallied, and now £116s. to £11 103 , accord Ing to brand, la realised. Feeding graine havi been exceedingly depressed, having suffered a con etderablo declino without leading to any Improve ment in the demand Oats have beon mon especially neglected, and a reduction of fully 8d po¡ bushel has had to ho submitted to Tim utmosi difficulty, moreover, has been experienced In making »lee, and only when offered at auction without retene has any progress boen made at all At the latest sales na Iowas 2s 113d was accoptcd for vorj common, and good to Ano feeding havo rulod at 8s 2d to 3e 4u , small lot« of milling being die posed of at 8s Gd. to 8s OJ Advices from Now Zealand to 20th January report fino weather for the harvest. New oats wero oxpectcd to roach markot io 10 da>s ami tho opening price was to bo la lid. to 2s f 0 b Maize, quoted last munth at 6s 2d , soon afterwards dropped to 4s 8d , thon fell to 4s Od , and as wo write tho quotation is 4s. 0d , with a weak markot Earle) has not been offering freely Feeding is quoted at 8e to 3s 3d, and malting barley Ia saleable at Ds to 6s 3d Bran, aftor declining to Is , is now Is. 2d Pollard Is worth la 2d to la 4d Victorlau oatmeal haa declined to £22, and pearl barley Is of Te rod at £24 i urnlturc -Only ono public salo has boen hold during the month, when 230 cases American chains woic sold at tho following prices -Common wood chaira brought 27s per dozon, crown top dining oak, Ga lOd each ; broad top dining oak, woven seat, 69 8d , bent-top, woven seat, 65 3d., Douglas office oak, 0s Od ; Douglas oiñeo oak, woven seat Ga. Od , Douglas ofQco oak, wood seat, 6s 7d , ccntüK-ntal cane-back, arm, swivel, and spring, woveu Beat, 2Es , Vienna nurso braco arm, 103, bent top bir room oak, 4s An involco of Amorican door matB was quitted at from 10s. to 45s por dozen, American cane matting, all faults, at from OH to Is 2Jd per yard ; American clocks, at from 6s to 29j each Gunpowder - Blasting-paw da has not boonmarkod by anything Uko animation, and tho business roportod has created little Interest Halls has been moving off for trade purposes and the prico Blnco last nouth has beon reduced to Ojd The stock of KMmes ha been eleated out, and wo now quote Od Otho brands are saleable at Gjd to Od. Hops havo beon complotoly neglected Tho largor buyers do not oporato at all, and wero It not for tho modorato fctrado demand which exists, buslnow in the market would bo quito at a stv do tilt EnUlsh grown hops 1875 aro disposed of at Is. 8d for parcoli lois. lOd. for small lots For actual requirements common to good qualities aro offering at Is Od to Is 8d lasmaman hops havo beon lart,oly cleared out at up to la, fid for really good 1875, and thoro la now only odo holder of any quantity, who domands for email lots Is 0d to Is 8d . tho latter bel ig realised for superior quality Bavarians havo huon offoring at 2B. without leading to much business Amorlcans ha\o Buffered tho greatest dcclluo Siuco tho quit tanco of nearly 400 hales last month trado parcols hi \o been soiling at Is 8d to l8 Od , but vory largo additional shipmonts haning como forward, this description has be con 0 almost unsiloubto at pro £tit, and la to la 2d, is the highest quotation for parcel« Malt- As wo closed last month, a speculative movement wia roportcü, which led to considerable I montes 1 ho snbccquent wook thia waa followed up b> galts to the tat cut of 8 000 bushols, and those or, tratitns ha\inb tloarcd tbo market of ovtr>thini{ HI e eood qualltj trado salea havo Blnco boon making at lio tolla 3J , whllo 10a Od has been takon for parcels inferior qualities havo boen sold at 10a -id Metals aro still \ cry heavy Stocks gonorally are too largo to admit 0! any prospect of improvement, and tho tjcaUBt dulnosa continues to provalt Fig iron lu lui^u lines is quoted at JL4 17s Gd A shipment of 1G0 tons changed bands on prlvatu terms For trado pnrcüs up to £5 5s is wau tod Odvanlsod iron Is mot Ing off quietly, but owing to the largo stocks on hand, ui satisfactory prices otlll continuo to rule Ordinary Engl sh bran 'a aro quoted at £28 to £29 for 20 gauge, and for beat hnnda £30 IOS I has 1 con realised Bar and rod aro quoted at £11 to £12 Sheet Iron le steadier at £13 los. foraaaoxt* maits of NOP 8 to 13, whllo NOB 20 to 26 can bo pur- chased at £1C ice, Plato Irou le dull, BhoAYloir no [ Ciango; priem rulo at £11 ti £11 Iloop Iron hoary, and oven at our quotation of £12 103 to i tliero ia acircoly «my brrsincsa doing Fencing w baa not crlncod (be slightest actirity, and el tory trilling sales' have boon making at £10 10 £17 10s, to £19 for WOB 6, 7, and 8 Shut is mt wanlc I, and a good Jemand Is reported at £ Sheet lead Is still quoi-ed at £28 Tin platos lia bcon steady at 10 per P&Bt; advance on involi but no groat Inquiry baa boon oxporlon« Munta mola! ia vory alu,Tlfuih, 9d la want! but tbero I» nothing doing ewbank a nails brt IO per ceut on Hit price. 1 much nails n offered at 2SB , nod American frta aro got rid ot 16s American hardware la wltho tlmuehanimatloi values show littlo chango. Collina s iA»d Bbarpo a.hta Bxcaaroofloringat70i>. Ames a Bho^slB aro aaleat at «m Day a D H »hovels, 34lu to l««i. aro in f i supply , wo quoto 40s. Other makers, eono uko, a i fiend at 40a nollowaro la inquired Tor, and sal could bo mado at 20 to 22J per cent, off lL.it Olia generally havo been quiet, but ¿croser .till continues to meet with very conp*dcrab favour, and though tho prlco has not adVkrttci almost all lho sates reported baring bcod "mad .t a conccEBlon on last month a trado quotations, yoi as compared with tho provious speculations, th I resent has been complotely successful In th courso of tho month about 20 300 caflcs ha\o chango handB In parcels, at la GJd to Is Gd for Dovoes, am Is 4Jd to Is Gd for Diamond. Telegrama havo _ua boon received reporting an advance of 24 pc cent, in Kow York. Mall advlcos to 2 lui Di cember have come to hand Tlio doparturos re ported for Melbourne were tbo Akbar, Etta Lorlng and Chattanooga with l8100 cases. Tho R J Moulton had 3 400 casos for Sydney, and the Oluattt loading for Adolaldo waa to bring 12 000 casts Casto oil baa not improved in any way, wo quoi Sa 4d duty paid, but tbero la scarcely an bustncea doing Linseed Is Btoady at 83. Od fordrumB and 3a. 3d In bulk. Colza has boen solliOj moro frcoly at 4s Gd In drumB, whllo ia caBks 4< !B realised BaloB of olivo havo boon made at 6¡ Sd for drums and 4a Sd In wood Chlneso is in slot salo at 4a Polar is quoted at £30 to £38, price which show au cutler feeling Oilmen a Stores-There has been oxtromoly llttl doing In stores A moderato inquiry bau beoncxpc rlonccd, but nothing moro Pickles aro moving off a 8s. Gd , 8B Gd , 10s , to 12s 0d Assorted bottle fnilt« aro going off at slightly easier ratos Wo noi qüoto I2a , wbilo black currants are dispoBcd of a 13a. lib jam», rod crosa brand, Victorias made find buyers at 0«. Sd. Salad olia, in quarts, aro quitted at 19s, 22«., and He Gd Pints aro quotei at from 10s to 12s Gd , and half pinta bring Ga Od t 8a Castor oil in pinta commanda 0s , and half pint sell at Ga Sauces rango from Ofl. to 12a. Capor rule at Ga and 7s Colman a mustard In 71b tin is disposed of at 8d , lib tina sell at 10s. 3d., am halves at 6s. Od Koon . D S r mustard 1B saloablo a 18s for pound tins and 10a for haltes White Btarcl is placed at 6Jd to Gd , and bluo starch bringa Od Thumb bluo is got rid of at Hld Sago is solda' Sid , and macaroni and vermicelli at OJd Wooi matchee have been quitted at 0s. 0d Wbtto poppai has been going off in small lots at 8jd , and blael pepper at OJd., but no parcela havo boon placed on thi market Provisions bavo been going off quietly and stcadtlj for trado requirements at prices which show no sitora lion throughout tbo month. Butter, Victorian cured bas bcon quitted at lOd. Victorian mado choose bal been got rid of at 8d to lOd Hauls and ba-on bavi only bad a vory modorato Inquiry Hams havo fount buy crs at la. to Is 2d., whllo bacon bas bcon Boiling atlOd to lid Quicksilver --There has been a good deal mora bust ness dono in this article Tho quotation first dropped to 8s. Od , at which 60 bottles wero disposod of, bul tbo prlco rapidly rising, about 40 bottles woro then sold In parcels at 3s Od not, since which holders hare been making a stand for still higher rates. Elco has had very little attention Patna baa been very dull indeed, notwithstanding that holders have become more allro to the necessity of quitting stocka of old in ordor to bo froe handed when the new comos lu, oipaotod to arrive In a fortnight or threo wooka and havo ovlncod much moro eagerness to effect eales In tbo beginning of tho mouth, the balance of tho Cingaloso a cargo, about 3,100 bags, wag offered publicly, but the bidding proving unsatis factory, tbo wholo waa withdrawn Since thoa only trado Balea baro been making at £18 to £18 103 in bond, wbilo small country lota have boen Bold at £22 10s duty paid To Induco tlio larger buyors to opo rate however, holeora ha\ o all along bcon prepared to mako a very conBldcrablo concession on thoso ratoa DreBBcd rico baa alBO gone off but Blowly Java dressed has been quoted at £¿0 10a to £21 and up to £22, at which email lotB havo been soiling, on ono occasion a line of CO tons, the balança of the Sea Illpplos cargo, was take n up on prlv ate torms, and Improved ratos may now bo oxpoctcd Rangoon dressed baa ruled at £18 to £18 10s , and Bangkok dronscd has boen quoted at £10 Salt baa presentad a firmer aspect, but tbero Invo been no shipments placed on tho market of late, and tho business dono baa been limited to supplying trado wanta Coarse aud Liverpool lina salt has boon Belling at76a.to77s. Gd, and tho market Is, moreover,lu tbat Btato that cmlro shipments could be got rid of at or closo to these quotations. This circumstance li due to tbo falling off In shipments, and has led to all tho Improvement that baa bean oxporlcncedof late Fine London stovod Bait is moving off lu trado parcela at up to 05s. Slates-Wohavo no improvement to report. In qulrles havo boen very slow, and with tho oxcoptlon of ono or two invoices of Inforlor no shipments have been disposed of The trado demand has also boen extremely dull, but several export orders wero received during tlio montb No arrivals havo been reported since our last, no effect, howover, baa boen produced on tbo market In conscquorco, stocka oí inferior bolng too largo Sblpmonta advised are still moderato though quita up to requirements Best Bargor, 24 x 12, command £18 10s to £10 , 22 Y12, £1010s , 20 x 10, £14 to £1410s. Inferior aro almost unsalcablo Sugar -In this staple a very quiet month haï boan passed Tbo trado demand haa been of a modorato character, and cargo Bales have not boon BO much a feature BB laBt montb For trado purposes a go"d demand baa been oxporlcnccl for Victorian roiiuod descriptions, and values have bcon very uniformly maintained at from £30 to £30, and tbo aggregate sales of tho month amount t) 1,400 In other descriptions Illaro has bcon much ICBS dono privately, and the auctlonBalcsbaroucithor boon so numerous nor so extensivo OD Tuesday, 25th ult, 3 008 mats J«a woro disposed ot at £32 to £32 5s for middling whites, and 1,070 bags Mauritius woro at Bamo time quitted at £29 CB to £3010a. for low browing cryBtilB £28 16s for low yellows. £2416s. for middling rations, and £23 to £23 5s for low rations. At tho auction salo tbo day following an advanco of 10s at least was established, when tlio James Sorvlcoa cargo, com prising 4,019 b ga, all browing crystals, was offered, of which about 760 bags wera sold from lho box at tho improvoment reierrod to, the balance was withdrawn for atlll botter prices, which, to Bomo extent holdora aucceoded In securing In tbo salt» subsequently affeotod Altogothor, ¿ 007 bags woro disposed of, at from 80s. to 81s 3d On Tuesday, tho 1st lint., 4 Oil bags Mauritius, ax Syrlnga, wera first disposed of Whito crystals realised £36 16B , middling whites, £33 10s to £34 ; whitish counters, £3115s to £32 10s , largo grainy browing crystals, £82 6s , yellow, £31 16s., low, £30 10s., white rations to groy leb counters sold at £24 65. to £31 6s. 800bagB damaged Java ware quitted at £31 to £31 6s , 1,010 pockets QucutiBlaud wero got rid of at £25 10s for rations, £27 to £28 for browns, and £20 XOF for medium counters On Thursday, tho 8rd, 700 bags Mauritius medium whito woro quitted privately at £80 On tbo 4th, about 1 000 bags whitish and me- dium whltcB were sold at £3210s and £32 15s , and as much as £35 wsa paid for vory largo brewing crystals On Tuesday, tho 8lb, BJICB woro reported privately at SUB. to 83s , whllo under the hammer 8,172 bags and mata woro cleared oil, when yollow Java realised £23 10s to £2015s , groy Mauritius crystals woro sold at £32 5s to £32 lit, middling counters at £31, good browns at £18 5B . and rations nt £2516s On Tues- day, tho 16th tbo balanco of the Syrlnga a shipment, comprising 1 357 IxigB Mauritius, was cleared off whou yellow browing crystals brought £31 16B , grainy yal low counters £31 to £31 6s, whllo low yollows and browns Bold at £"8 10s to £°916s. Tho damaged por- tion of the otrgo roallted from £23 6s to ¿32 10s 500 pocket« Fiji-grown wera at samo timo quitted at £20 17s Gd for browns to £31 for y «How counUrs 660 bags and mats Mauritius and Java wore like wise run off at £28 10s. for low yellows to £30 16B for medium counters On the 17th, tho on Uro cargo of tho Qarmouth, Just thon arrived, com prising 4 Gil bags, waa offered, and every bag cleared off Battons, which of Uto havo boou vory scarce, roalieed 20s., blown, 27s , medium to Uno yet low counters 20s 8d to 31a, low to medium grainy yollow, 20s Gd to 80s Od , groy grainy, tis Od to 82s , j ollow crystals to good groj, 80s Gd. to 82s ; low brewing crystals 30s . line, Sis Gd , medium to Uno wbito coiintore 33s 3d to 36s Od , prices whloh show an advanco of 10s. par ton The arrival of tbo Even lug Star was announced on tbo 18th inst., from Port Louis, but abo brings no later datos than tho Car mouth which roach to 1st J.vnnrj Telograms vi i Aden havo bcon received to 2 id Tobruary Tea.-Foo-chow advices to 22ud December roport tho market tboro as closod for tho season During the past month a slight improvement In our own market has bcon percoptible Avory fair Inquiry for trado Eurposeahaa bcon otpcrlonccd, at slightly bottor rates, ut tho public sales of cargo have not boen so fro quent of lato. All tbe shipments advised as on the way havo now arrived Tho early closing of tho pro- sont Benson must there la no doubt, havo a bonoQelal (fleet on the opculng Bales of next season as If future tlclivorita continue only oqual to the last few months, ourstockin July will bo vory small indeed Of tho cargoes offored by auction, tho Gleam shipmont Is tho most important, tlio entile consignmont was dis poBcd of at full market rates Tho bataneo of tbo Alexandrines cargo aud other amallor pareóla havo also bcon got rid of during tho month Our quotations -Congous-Duat and Blftlnt,B, 7jd. to 8d , broken to leafy, 8Jd to OJd , loafy to com mon, lOd to lid , commuu to good common, lljd. tolB good common toflavoury. Is Old to Is. l_d , Savoury to medium, la. 2d to Is 3-.il , modlum to geod, Is 4d to Is 6d good to Quo, Is. old. to la OJd , Uno to finest, Is 7d to Is. 8_d , choleo, l8 Od to ia SO 1 okoo-Canton, common, lOd to la. Foo chow, fair, Is 8d to la f d S Capers-Canton, com mon, lOd to Is , Foo chow fair, la. 3d to la Gd UolongB, Uno Is. Od to Is 8d , gunpo viler, Canton, common, OJd to lOJd , Uno l8 8d to Is Gd Tobacco -Tina market haa not boon characterised by anything Uko activity Tho local trado dornind IIDB bein very Blow throughout, whllo for oxpori inquiry haB llkowiso boon sluggish, In consoquonco ol which tbo prlco of all descriptiona baa declined with tho oxecj Hen of twlBts, moro ispoclully aa advleoi from homo tond to tho belief that dark flat work and fal cics aro likely to como forward moro freely , but at twists havo bcon vory heavy In tho market throilghouv ti o year, It li probablo that only a small quantity o that description will bo dospatcbod hltherjvard Ship uietita advised vii California arc exceedingly light only 104 jiackages having loft since lost advlcos 1 rom England, re aro advlBed ol 38 5001b having been eliii ped Tlio following bush eos waa ro portod In tlio courso of tlio month -At an auc tion salo on Mondav, tho 81st ult, 160 pick BgcB woro disposed of at prICOB ranging from ll_d to Ss. 5d for sound and lOJd. to _± lid. for damaged goods. On tho 3rd lost, a largo public salo of Uameroua goods WOB held, 170 paokages bolug dlspoaod of, whou tvvlBts, all fnulls brought 10_d to 18d , and fancies from IB. Id to Is. 81 Tho tons offered at samo timo woro withdrawn, tbo biddlt e, not coming up to Boilers views, but tlio ui Uro parcel wan s ild privately tho day following at an Improvoment on tbo auctlou bids. A sill ment of Camerons THO Seas and Vonus, 100 1 nekogcB long and fancy tobaccoca, was so'd prl vately to land at vory full rates. Our trado quotations aro-Common to medium tena, lOd to 1B good to best, le. 2d to Is 7d , navies, dark ai d bright Is. to Is 2d., good to bost, 18d. to la 8d , twist, no common on band , modlum, 15d to 10.d , good to best, IB 5d lo 1B 7d for round, and If Od tols.8d for cast B, Ormond Swiss olgara, 35s to 87s Gd , Manila, 66s to GOs Dorman, 40s to 70s , Bnmburg and others 80s to 200s , gonulno Havan initie, £1210s upwards. Timber -The market la still vory dopretscd There Is liltlo dcnisnd, and prices havo rcoeuod Btlll further without much prospect of an Improvement. Somo Hues of Baltic flooring aro in better dstD&nd; Doals like wiso ought to luiprovo Telegrama from bon eon liai o been received of a most faiounb'o cha- racter regarding thl|iiic!)le>, only SOO loads of flooring and deals hating bee» thlppcd from London tor Mel- bourne for tho month Advices from California regarding lumbor aro not howover Bo cn* cuurgglng The follow loe aro tho principal Balea fer tho month--On friday, tho 21th ult., thero vtero |«old, all faults, ox ". 0. Leary, J7,000(t. whlto pino colling at £1012s Od per 1,000ft. «upor ; 216,000ft shelving;, nt from £10 li. Od. to £10 Os per 1,000ft supo' ; alto, 80,000ft. narrow toareis, at ti» per 1,000ft super. ; »,000ft cloar phio, at from £1016a lo £14 17a Od ; 218,0001t spruce flooriur. Eil« to Mu , at from 7e Gd to Ss per 100ft llnoal; lOf.OOO 4ft laths, at 20s Od per 1,000 Er Loch Oairy 200,000ft 6 x 1J red flooring, at 12s. 6d tola». porlOOIt llnoal ; O.OOSft. 0 x 1J whlto, at 11s Od do; 17,000ft. 0 x J ltd, at Ce. 3d. do ; Iii 000ft, 0 i J rod and white, at 0» to8i. Od. do ; 25,000ft. i x 11 red dooling, at 10s. Od. do On Friday, tho 4tli lust, tho cargo of d-ala per Soron Berner, comprising9 877 piece» 0:3 and 11 x Z, was sub- mitted to public competition, and tho whole cloarod off at 4¡d. to 4¡¡d per fool 0 x S On Friday, the 11th, ex Hally Baylsy, fi.OOOft, raaortod hardnood cold at 0s Od. per 100ft. uupci ; 23,500 palings, 5ft, at Ils. 0J. por 100. Ex Waratah S6,S00it assorted hardirood, ntOi 00. to 10«. Id per lOMt, super ; 0 500 palings, 5ft, at lis Od. por 100. Ex Southern Croea-17,000 paling-, lift, at 124. Set per 100. Wines and Spirits.-Tho market fcts beon without, an) thing of tho slightest Interest all tho month. A trade inquiry for nines has been ozperfoncod, but sales ha,oin no instanco gono bojond that Sherries; - have beon disposed of at £28 to £39, £(0 to £50. and £00 to £05, whilo porte have beon quitted at £21 to £S0, £32 to £40, and £«j to £00 Champagne's havo not boen much noticed ; ordinary requirements har. boen met by sales of courmou brands at 25s. to 40B. ; whllo medium brands have beon emitted at 55» to 05B., and fine to best brands havo realised 759. to 05s anti up to 100s Fino brands of mosello have bcou selling at 50s to 60s. Brandies in bulk have gone off very slowly Indeed, the demand bolng exceedingly limited ; tho prico, iuoroover, is a trifle easier than last month Hennessy'* pale 1872 han bcou sold at 7B JJd to 7s Od. for Illida, and quarters ; for 1874 w8 quote 7a to 7s. lid and 7s. 8d. Mar toll s palo baa of lato met with considerable attontlon, about 100 hhds. haling been sold during tho last fortnight at 7s, for 1872, and up to 0s. Od for 1S74 Otard'a hu boen selling at 0« lOJel. to 0S. CY.P. flodB buyers at W. Sales of Marott'a havo boon making at improved ' ratCB; wo quoto 0s. to 0s 8d, and this prico can b. got now. Cloioau's Is held at tho nominal quota- tion of CB. Blsqult Duboucho's roallBos 6B. Od. " to 6s 71 J- Jules Robin and Co.'s Is worth Ga. Od. For La Orando Marquo wo quoto 5s 4}d. to 6s Gd. Sales of Central havo been made at Da., , and for Associated Vluoyard a Uko price Is demandod. Caso brandies havo improved considerably. lion* nefsj'o has been very firm at 30s Get, at which about 1,600 casca woro cleared off about a week ago Mar-' toll's has advanced to 27s. Gd., and Bslos are now ^ making at tbo prico. A Bbipmont ot 1,000 cases' Otard's waB thia wook taken up at tho Improved rates of 28a. Gd. to 23a Od. Salos of Marett a ni a also making at better figures. 22s aud 22s 0J. has hoon , realised within tho week. Rum is very Blow: best* brands- Lemon Hart's and R.VY.F.-roallso up to Sa. 7jd. For Lowndos'a and Twiss and Browning's 8s 4Jd. la asked Qcnova l8 in Blow Balo, and only trade Careéis aro being quitted. JDKZ, 15 and 20 bottles, rings 18s. to 18s. Gd. Key brand Is qulttod at l18. Od. to 12s. Whiskey l8 moving off steadily though very quietly at from 48 Od. to Gi 3d., and C3. Gd. to 03. IrsR. Burnett's old tom sella at 13s. MELBOURNE MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs. B Gouraimouau and Co. roport; Wool.-The business transacted during the month has been above the avorago at such a lato period of the season, the total catalogued at tho salos being 8,010 lalee, of which about 0,000 bales have boen Bold. A few lato shorn lots, or clips which haye boon do* layed In transit, have still to arrive, and probably tho auction sales will continuo at Intervals for another month or six wooka Prices remain about tho samo as last month, and thete 1B ne material fluctuation In any description. T ho wools offored during the past fow wcoka have* generally been in ordinary to a\ crago condition, and thoro lins been good competition both for Bhlpmont and for Bcourlng. In roviovflnglhe operations of tho season now nearly terminated, It Is gratify leg to noto not only tho largo business which baa boon transacted, but also tho almost unlformH steady rango of quotations, moro ospoclally for super lor conditioned lola Iufetlor clips also havo In- variably commanded full competition up to fair value, and wo have notln any forinor season noticed such an even distribution of attontlou to oach lot The smaller Kareela and odd mixed bates, which in provlouayo&ia; avo been dlfllcult to plato at satisfactory ratos, liavo tills season nut with caroful examination, and a clasfl of Inn ora hal o mado it thoir special buslnoss to bid for these parcela In ordor to Bort them Into larger lots for shipment or for scouring Tho very ampio ware- house accommodation avallablo for opoulng out and displacing each halo in tlieso small mixed clips, hal Induced a greater domand for thom, and wo havo noir a clasB of middlemen Bindiar to Iho English wool staplers, who colloct tho lessor lots and prepare thom Into sorts suitablo for the mauutacturor. A want which waa very noticeable has thus boon supplied, and relatively higher rates havo in consequonco boen realised, many of theso Uttlo parcols having boon sold at about tho satuo ratcB which woro obtained for them in tho prov loua ) ear whou quotations woro higher. AB regards tho goneral condition of the clip, wa cannot discern any Improvement ; indocd, In a larger proportion than usual of the noithorn flocks, lighter fleeces aud moro tondor staple has boon evident. Tilla has arisen chiefly through the dry autumn o', last jcar, which caused a scarcity of foeu over n consider- able portion of the Riverine district, and thus im- poverished tho Bhoop. Wo have also had occasion to notico an tncrcaso of burr in many flouks, moro OB pcclally where tho shoep havo boen kept on rich flata ana old fold log-grounds, and frequently to Buoh on citent as to render It almost ImpoBslblo to eratUcato it. Tho flocccB aro thus considerably doproclatod In value; ana it would probably bo advantageous In eovcinl Instances to louee off tho apodal portions where tbo plant is most prevalent, and uio thom for cattle, rather than continue to allow ehcop to hava scctsB to thom. Tilla defect In tho wool has Inmost coses been olHatcd to a cortaln oxtout by , ory freely skirling tho fleeces, and placing tho burry portions with tho pieces', but the buna aro B3 thickly dis i rlbulcd that It is not poeelblo In many cases to clear < hem out, and tbuB the wool Ima to be realised at a i eduction lu yaluo, ovon though It may have bean well washed and otherwlso carefully got-up ; lu fact, the cleaner the wool tho moro apparont aro Us defecto. Tho Western flocks and those from tho hilly districts aro in about the Bamo ordor aa they woro last year, and Burne of tho beet clips may bo Bald to be porfoct. \i e question If In any other part of the world wool coula be hiought to markot in sucli sploudtd con- dition, tho fleeces of theso boing snowy whlto, and combining a soft elastic touch with fineness and Btienglh of ataplo probably net attainable In any other country. Farmers In Europe can s»rcely rcBllso the fact that flocks of 60.000 or moro sheop can bo brought to such a high standard of excollunco, tilla being tho result of unronilttlug caro mid attention, aided by n climate eminently sultod for the favourabio development of tho morlno breed. Wo have noticed an Increasing quantity of coarso wool Ibis season, tho Lincoln and Lolccstor brooda having been largoly adopted In Bomo of the colder portions of tho colony, whoro Bhoop of moro hardy con« «Huilona aro required They havo also been eubstl« tutcd for the morlno on soveral freehold estates wilora tho land Is better than the av orage, and generally tin h o w oil ¡f feed la abundant, giving not only a larger } ield of wool than the merino, but a noavior trame for Iho butcher. They aro, consoquontly, rnpldly coming into favour willi farmers who own limited aroaB of good land ; and generally, wo boliove, with a more proDtablo result than eau bo realised from merinos, rho latter, homier, must always remain the most suitable sheep for our vaBt areas of thinly -graasod land In the Interior, and thoy aro not likely to bo displaced by any othor breed Tho range of prices during Ulla past season Bliowa a considerable reduction as comparoel with tho previous year, tho decline being moro especially ovidout lu the * liest greasy, Tbis is attrlbutablo not only to the fall 'in the homo ruarkola during tho paat yoar, but also to tho leesencd demand for America, consequent on the depressed Btato of tho woollen trade lu that country. The total shipments to tho United States thlssoaaoa have bcou 6 032 balea onlj, wheroas lu tho previous season over 19,000 bales »oro purchased. The greater portion of tho clips whie.li In the soasen of 1874 were bought for America havo this last sooson beon shipped to London on growors' account. Wools of thle description havo ruled at a roductlon of ljd- te> 2d, nor lb,, ordinary greasy, Id to ljd. per lb, ; aud washed ilecco and Bcourod, lid. to 2d por lh., as oom« pared with tho reason of 1874 5. At theso reduced latCB a largo business has boon transacted, the * lirowotB being gonorally dlsposod to rcallso rather ' than incur tho riBk of a posBlbly furthor docllne by shipping to tho homo markote Tho total cata- logued at tbo sales has been 12,1,184 baloe, aud 81,821 balea havo been sold. Theso Bales, though not equal lo last yoar, when exceptionally high rates luducoel an unusually largo business, furnish nbundaut ovidonco e f tho high poBltlou the colonial niirkela have attained In tho estimation of buyers and Bellera There has certainly been closer and moro steady competition than we have had lu former yours, the quantity pur- chased boing distributed auiougst a larger number of . bu> orB. A greater portion than usual baa beon taken for European manufacturers, and MO aro confldout that with tho wider publicity willoh this markot Is constantly gaining, nn increasing quantity will bo Bold hero Wo bollovo that next scanlon wo Bhall have shipments to coutinontnl porta to a considerable ox tent, moro especially if tho cargo dcapatthed per Lady of tho Lake to Ant«or]) leales nn eucouraglug result; but irrcepoctiio of this, thoro Ia an In- fluential niovemont lu Franco to ludiico direct cargoes from Molbourno to Havro, for tho Frtnth and German manufacturers Somo largo orderB wero received this soaaon aa a coiutuonceiuent, but owing to tho arraugeniouta bolng Insufficiently niutuitd, the purcliaBoa woro not carried out It tteiua clear, howtur, Hut tbo trado will oro long bo mora eleni) distributed, and, lnstond of almost our entire oxports being forwarded to olio markot, a fair proportion will bo avallablo for competition at ootna of tho largo depots on lue Continent This distribu- tion Bhould have tho elfoct of Inducing moro oxtondod epoialious lu the colony, aa a first choleo of tho wholo clip can thuB bo obtained, whlth IB nu Important ob- ject when manufacturera require aptclal WOOIB; In act at tho present timo orders frequently nrrivo to purchase certain brands, oven though at considerably over market rates The extonslve warchouso accom- modation and general facilities for tho wool trado avallablo hero will, wo think, comparo fivourably with thoso of an> othor pnrt ; anil wohaio tolographia communication with Europo and America, whilst soiotnl fhbt-ciata steam routes aro avrulablo, tbo vojngo to England being practically reduced to six weekf We lind on referring to tho roturns-ot Bhlpmont», that from Iho lBl of October to this dato 'jîl),112 bales havo been exported from Victoria, being an increase of 14,361 bnlcB on the total quantity BUlppcd at the, corresponding period of last year. It Is ecjrccly pro- bable that this Increase w11! bo much nlttmid when tho jeer tennlnatcB, but it ia not poselblo to cloßoly esti- mate the quantity that remains to bo shlppod, and allbou||h the season Is practically over, it la possible, tbat tho totals from tho different colonies ivhon mads, up may show a ltss Increase than at prcaont, and 1MB will bo apparont whou wo tako Into considera- tion tho fact that tho constant largo cxlonslou of railway communication Into tho interior, moro especially In this colony and Kow South Wales, la materially ticllltaliug tho earlier dollvwy ot tho wool. Mtioh of tho Increase now apparont la duo to this causo, and It may bo found that tho quantity to arrive is not ucarly BO great aa it waa at this dato last} car Wo havo etlll 30,708 bales to Bhlp from Victoria alono heforo the 1st ot Oolobor to roach our export of 803,880 bales mado last year. Tho ehlpmonta from Now South WalcB to dato aro 00,048 bales, being an Increaao of 21 007 bales ovor tho total at the «arno dato of )a»t sear, but it la stated that this largo increase Is chlifly owing to Uro clip having bcou eiilppod oarllor than asnal, and that tbo total over last year will not «xcced 10,000 bales. From South Australia 09,100 1x1163 havo been shipped, thus giving au lu troaso of 8,000 bales Thoro will also ho an Incrcaso of probably 2,000 bales from Queensland as tbo pastoral rosourcca of that country aro bein? rapidly developed Assuming that theso returns will approximately represent tho augmented yield, and accepting 10,000 balea os representing tho year's Incrcaso from Now South Wales, wa have thus a total estimated Increase from the four loading colonies of 85,254 bales, or about U_ per cent.-tbo shipments last year being 547,613 bales. Tho yield from Toa mania and from Western Australia will probably remain stationary; and as regarda Now Zealand ive do not possess any rollablo data aa yet on which to form an estimât«, the Bboaring in that colony being ono or two montha later than In tho Australian c do- nlee. Tho increaso thus avallablo la less than mi^tit havo been expected, and Is principally attributable to the dry season m tho Northern districts, which baa kept alargo proportion of tho Bhcop in poor condi- tion, and thus lessoned their ylold of wool The drought, wo regret to uoto, continues over a largo ex- tent of country north of the Lachlan, and, although ralna havo fallen in places, there lias not as yot been that general break up in tlia v eather which is so mu.h desired cn tho back BtatioiiB, and already wo hoar uf large flocks of sheep having to bo travelled for focd and water. r During tbo pist lew days tolcgramB havo bcon re- ceived announcing tbooponing of tho Tebrtury salos, and we leam that but a small proportion of tho ships despatched from Australian ports dollv ored tho'r car Roca In time to bo included in tho sories, tho total ' catalogued, Including Cape of Good Hopo woola, bolng reported na only 100,000 bales, against an estimated quantity of 149,000 bales, which it waa expoctod would roaeh London for tho salea from theso colonies alone. Wo aro g'ad to uoto that tho attend- ance of both homo and loreign buyers avas largo, and that tbo biddings openod with groat spirit ; but li la disappointing to leam that under Buch favourablo auspices an advanco on November rates has Dot been realised Under the circumstances wa should havo expected an improvement on prev lous quotations moio cspocially aa salea by prlvato contract aro re- ported na having boen mado iii tho Interim before tho Bales commenced at advanced prices, and good comb- ing descriptions were lu Bhort supply, lho indica- tions, however, point to a healthy Btatö of trado ; and st tho raugo of valuo continues at tho avorago of last voar, wo trunk the producers will havo good reason to ho BatisOcd. Freights to Loudon continuo at Jd por lb. for greasy, tod gd. for washed Tho following ships havo cleared during tho month "aaith wool on board ;-January 27-Hydaapes (addi- tional clearance), Melbourno lor London, 74 balea; February 2-Malabar, do, 8,877 i February 6 Wcatboreflold, do , 2,173 ; February 11-Norfolk, do., 5,418 ; February 10 -Wimmera, do , 2,760 ; February 16-Somersetshire (sa), 2,891; February l8-Cath » cart, do., 6,101 ; February 21-Sobraon, 8,070 ; February 21-Loch NLSS, do, 3,431 ; February 28 Great Quensland (about to sail), do , 0,748 ; total, 32,049 ; add previous clearances, 241,063 ; total, Oc- tober 1st to date, 273,112 ; total, October lot to Feb- ruary 23, 1874,268,768; Increase, 14,35». Prices Current»-Greasy-Inferior, 7d. to Od ; ordi- nary to average, Od. to lid.; good to Buporior, lid to is. 2d. Fleece, washed-Inferior, Is Si. to la. bd. ; ordinary to average, la, Gd to la. 7d.; average to good, Is. 7d. to 1B lOd ; superior, 2s to 2a. 4d. Scoured Inferior, la. id. to Is. Gd.; ordinary, Is. Gi. to Is 81.; middling to good, la 8d. tola. 10J.¡superior, Is. lOd to Se. 2d. Tallow.-Slnco our last circular wo lute held tho usual weekly auction sales, and sold 075 casks ol all descriptions at tv Blight declino on last month'a ratos. Sha high valuo of tallow In Londou during tbo months of October and Novombor last excited keen competi- tion in Ulla market, and wo inado silos of superior mutton at £40 per ton fob, but towards tho end of tho year prices declined gradually, and prosont quo- tations aro aa follow :-Superior mutton, £30 par ton ; ordinary to good mutton, £33 10s. to £35 5a. ; beef, £20 to £33 ; mixed, £27 to £31 per ton. Tho bulk of our salea havo been mado for shipment, although a larger quantity than usual has boon taken lor local consumption, in consequence of tbo aoap and candle manufacturers having operated on a moro ox tended*ecale. v The rato of freight to Loudon Is 60s per ton. Clearances aro aa follow '-January 27, Uydaspos, Melbourne to London, 659 cisks ; February 2, M dab ir, Melbourno to London, 4S8 casks ; Fohruary 6, Woathereflold, Molbourno to London, 93 casks ; Feb- ruary 14, Norfolk, Molbourno to London, 238 casks ; February l8, Cathcart, Molbourno to Loudon, 409 casks, February 21, Sobraon, Melbourno to London, 737 casks ; February 22, Great (Jucousland, Molbourno to London, 216 casks Total, 2,818 casks. Tho total shipments during tho past 12 mouths from this port to Loudon are 10 608 casks, aa compared with 17,674 caska for tho proviotiB year. Sheepskins continuo to Bell at very regular prices, any alteration lu valuo boing in favour of the buyers. !Tho fellmongers havo apparently arrived at tho con- clusion that tho oxlremo rates ruling for full wool'ed ekius before tho wool season w ora tao high, when compared with the relativo value of scoured wool; consequently, prlccB havo bcon gradually doc-lining Biueo parcels of wool for scouring bocamo avallablo. Prcsont quotations aro-Polts, lOd. to 8s Od. each, many of tlio early shorn flocks being now well grown ; Btatlon sklnB, from -id. to 7d. per lb. Hides -Aa there Is no Improvement in tho loatber market in Loudon, tho valuo of this produce remains about tho saino as last month, and wa do not look for higher rates for somo timo. Our only Imports aro from New ¿ealaud, from which colony wa rcccivo regular and largo consignments. No Bblpmonts have been mado to London, as hides can bs purchased aa cheaply there OB lu this markot. Our only oxports havo boen Bmall pareóla for Tasmania and South Australia. Quotations are .--Now Zealand wat salted, 4.d. to 6d. per lb ; Victorian salted, id. to 4}d. per lb ; fresh oxhides, 28a. to 32a. each ; cowhides, 14s. to -08. each ; calfskins, Gd. per lb. Kangaroo-Bkins maintain their value, and aro In do maud when In good condition. Most of our salea hav o been to tho local tanners, although » few parcels havo been taken tor shipment. Larga sizes aro worth up to la, lid. per lb., and Email to medium Gd. to lOd. por lb Bark is in good request at unaltered prices, viz - Bundled, £810a. to £410s. per ton ; and ground, ID hage, £5 to £616s per ton. Preserved Meats.-Tho quantity presorvod is vory limited, and owlug to tbo high rates ruling tor fat Block, opaiatlons can scarcely bo conducted with a reaaonablo margin for profit, except for apodal orders, consequently nearly ali tho factories havo been closod. Considerable Interest has been oxclted respecting tho shipment of a cargo of frozen moat which will shortly be made from Sydney to London, and It is hoped that the result will bo successful, of which there ecotns but little doubt, experiments having been carriol on for years past, and tho pioccss subjected to severe tosts. Should tho cargo bo landod in good Bvleablo order an almost unlimited market for our surplus stock will ho opened up, and the Btatlon holdors will have a dollncd minimum value on which tboy can baeo operatlona ; tbo uncertainty respecting markots, which baa lu fermer years subjected thom to severo fluctuations, being thus obviated. Tho followiug shipments of pro. Borv od meats have boon mado from this port to London during tho montb :-Fob 14, Norfolk, Melbourno to London, 1,000 coses ; Fab 10, Somersetshire, p B , lfelboumo to London, 2,000 cases ; Fob 10, Soinorsot ahlro, s s , Molbourno to London, 2,000 cases ; Tab 21, Sobraon, Melbourne to London, 8,000 caaes ; Fob 22, Great Queensland, Melbourno to Loudon, 1,000 cases Total, 0,000 cases StmsiAitY OF SALES OP WOOL FRO« TITE COÍIMCCB JIE.NT OP TUB SKASOV, OCTOni'R 1, TO DaTB. JR. Goldsbrough and Co., Molbourno .. .. Hastinga Cunlaguatn is Co., Melbourno .. ., J. II. Clough and Co., Mel- bourno . Monckton Synnot, Mel- bourne . 9\. Molvillo and Co., Mel bourne " . ¡Denny», Lascelles, and Co., Geelong ., .. Deo. Synnot S, Co., Geelong Mellish, Vines, and Co., Geelong. Buckland and Burnett, doolong u ., .. Sales. Bales Cata- logued. 63,015 27,053 10,212 6,030 10.470 12,171) 2,223 2,003 40,872 20,123 7,703 4,690 200 0,439 0,671 1,877 1,342 \- Messrs. HtBTiKos GuMvoiiasi and Oo. report: " Wool.-The sales hold Blnco departure ol last mall point to tho fact that tho wool season la now at an end, and business from this time forward will bo limited to tho offering and disposal of odd lots, and remnants of clips. In Melbourno 0,030 bales havo boon snbmltted to public auction, and 6,030 bales Bold during tbo past mouth. In Goolong sales amount to 1,000 balee. The descriptions of vv ool brought forward havo been of Inferior to ordinary condition and quality, aa usual towards tbo end of tho eoasou Prices realised for greasy Bbovv llttlo alteration upon lastquo tatloiiB, but wasbod sorts havo not bcon In tho samo demand, and rates muBt bo quoted Id. por lb lower. Hains, which were unusually copious and abundant during tho early part of tbo Bummor, hav o boon much avanted lately, and although hoavy falls bato bcon ex- perienced lu tbo Northern districts thoy hav o not been general, and In tlia Intermedíalo districts focd for stock Ia becoming parchod up and acareo. The pros- pects of tho season, howovcr, aro tbua far favourablo as regards tho growth and strength of tho next clip of wool. Tho oxports from Victoria for tho past season chow an increaso of 8,000 bales upon shipments to dato last year, and this excess will pio "bably bo maintained until conimoncoiucnt of nc\t ecason. Freights remain stead, at _d. for greasy, and _d. for washed Wo quota as follows - Greasy - Inferior to medium, 7d to Od por lb ; medium to good, Od to lOd ; good to oupcrloi, lOd. ta 12d. Scoured -Inferior to medium, lid to lOd ; medium to good, ICd to 18il ; good to superior, 18d t > 21d. Fleece -Inferior to medium, 15d to 17d.; medium to good, 17d. to lOd ; good to auporlor, lOd to 22d. Tho shipments slnco last report aro as follows - For London from Ilobson's Bay-Hy daspos, 0,671 b iles, ilcin.il Jonurry 25 ; Mntabar, J.J77 do. cleared Januaiy 31; laorfill., 2,118 do, cleared Fobrui-y 2 , Weatbcisflcld, 2,173 do , cleared February 2 ; Cath- cart, 5,101 do , cleared February 5 ; Wimmera, 2,700 do , cleared February 14 ; Somersetshire, 2,801 do , cleared I obruary 10, Loch Ness. 8,431 do , cloarod February l8 , Sobraon, 3,070 do , cleared February IO Exporta for London, 31,801 bales; previously ro nulled, 220,722 bales Total for London, .153,623 bites , (lo America, 6,03- bales; do Antwerp, -',414 bales 1 \port« slnco Id October, 1875, 20a,0dJ I) vies Crircspoiidlne . orlod, 18715, 257,7l?il biles; do lt-71 4, 2-S782, do 1872 J, 200,201), do Ib7l 2, 18l,JD1; do 1S70 1, 170,181; du 1S09 70, 17« 2 1, do 18ri>-0 lOO.CSl ; do 1S07 8, 159 287 i do. liOO 7, 143.Ç82 fcheipel.ins.-Tbo usual amount ol btut iicti hal bien tranaaeted during tlio month, and prices havo advanced simewhr.t, but not proportionately with the Increasing growth O tr latest values aro as follow, air .-llutchcia' polts, 2B to 2s lod ; lambskins to 2s Gd each ; dry and Btatlon BUIIB, 4Jd to 0_d. per lb. Hides.-Tins market ia unaltered slnco our last circular, altbou .li nrrlvnlB havo been below tbo average supply Now Zealand parcels especially w ero less numerous Wo qui te-Green ox, 20s to 31s. each; cow, 17s to 21s; failed, iii to 4_d per lb , and calfskins, 6d to Gd per lb. Kangaroo BMns.-Con'ldcrab o quantities of tlioso gooda havo como forward and buen disposed of nt satisfaetorj prices, largo mid well conditioned sUas rcftlieing 13Jd per lb ; medium, 7d to lid por lb Bark.-Wo report an activo markot, witli fully tlio usual supplj, and n brisk demaud for loeal itso aa well on for sbipmont Wo havo sold long bark up to £4 16s. per ton ; ground, to £0 10a. tiLr ton. Tho month s oxports amount to 18,000 ba^s. Leather.-tinco tho dato of our last report all descnp lions havo lmpiovcd in value, ai.d wo row quote n fair inquiry at tbo followlm- rates, viz :-Crop, Od. to lOJd ¡1er fb. ; harness, 12d to lJJd ; kip, 18d to Sill ; calf, 2s Oil. toSí Od ¡kangaroo, 2s Jd to 2s. Od. per lb. ; ojporto, 618balcs Tallow.-This market lian experienced somo fluctuation during tho month, pris it quotttloiiB showing a furtbor declina of 10s. to £1 per ton. Wo arc selling mutton nt £31 to £¡0 10s. ; beef, £33 to £34, and mixed, £28 to £83 ton Tho shipments amount to 2,683 calka, Messrs J li. CLOUGH and Co roport -" Wool Slnco our report by last mail thero has only boo limited amount of business transacted In this marl tho season now being about closed. Thero has o been a comparatively em*dl quantity of wool broui forward, which has consisted principally of remna of clips already gone foi ward, odd lola, and a I parcels from lato districts In tho new and back count Eight public sales havo been held, at which obi 0 000 bolea nero offered, and about 6,000 Bold 1 attendance of buyers at tho various Biles has bi good, but, OB might bo expoctcd, tho Interest ma festod ot^tho early sales haa beon wanting, aud o: faulty wools being left, thov havo b on BOI what difllcult to moto off, except at a rcductl Reports from tho country are still favoara BB regards the prospects of tho ensuing clip, te perate wcathor having previilcd, and the aU continuing in good coudliiou, eveoption, howoi hal ing to I e mado of somo portions of tho far northi districts which havo suffered from want of rain, lloved partially In some paris, slnco our last report, heavy Bbowers, which are hoped will provo merely piecursora of a heavy goucrul fall. Tho followi clearances havo btou effected during the month, vi -January 25 Hydaspcs, with G 171 bika, Jauu 31, Malabar 3 877, Ttbruari 2 IV cathorsflold, 211 liorfolk, 2 418, February 5 Cathcart 5,125 F ruary 14, Wimmera, 2 810, February 10, s.8 Som EotBhlrc, 2 891 FeLrunry l8, Loch Ness 8 437, Fi ruary 10, Sobraon, 8 070 Total, Jl.Bsl bil To these add extra-December 11, per Skcrryvoro, ; New Tork, 855 bales, per Stratton Audloy, for Londi 800, Deceit ber 17, por Emma Muller, f r Bostc omitted, 2,730, December 21, per Portland, fre Portland, for London, 4 088, total, 40 331, add p VIOUB shipments from October 1, 1876, 223 82 mokine, total to dato, 204,160 hiles. Frolg remains still at id for greasy, and gd for washi The following véasela, now loading with wo will shortly Bail, viz -Tho Carlisle Castlo, wi about 8,400 bales, Frank Pendloton, about 8,00 Loch Garry, about 4,000, Grtat QuconsHnd, abo 7 000 Stations -Thero still continuos good inqul for ollglblo properties, and somo business has bo done during the past month, the following salos ha lng beon elfccted, viz -Tho Ardachy estate, of abo 10,000 acres freehold land, near Branxholme, in ti Wo tern district ef this colony, together with t stock, also, the Boramgil station In Riverina with i extensivo area of Crown lands-1,000 acroa freehol and 4 700 head of cattlo , also, (the Carrawobbl and Gunning East stations In Hlvorina with 2,0 head of cattlo ; also, Guapa, Tara No 4, and Tara N 6 200 square miles unstocked in Riverina , also, ti Ki station, with 1,200 hoad of cattlo, in Rivorini a'so, the Tatonga, Grassdale, Lockharts Creek, at Bungoona runs, with about 2 400 acres freehold hu and 80 000 acres Crown lands In tho north easlorn di trlct of this colony, together with tho stock deposturii thereon-about 15,000 Bhoop and a small herd of catt! Sheepskins.-We hnvo had an avorago supply forwan and as the skins aro now beginning to Bhow a goe growth of wool, prlceB havo advancod according!, ochavo Bold green pells atOd to 3s 3d , dry pelt Gd to 2s, full woollen, 8a Gd. to 03. each, and static skins 6Jd. to 7Jd. per lb The shipments havo bec 418 balcB Hides,-During tho month wo havo had fair BUpply forward, and prices remain ab)ut tho san na last month. Wo sold-Green ox, at 20s to 843 cow, 15s to 18s each, Victorian wet salted, 4d t 4Jd , Now Zealaud 6d to 6Jd , and calfskins, 6Jd t Gd per lb Tbo whole belüg taken up by tho loci tonnors Tallow-Sinco our last months ropoi tho markot has Bhowu a further declino and on sales havo been-for inferior, £25 to £27, lnlxee £28 to £33 , beef, £30 to £32 , and mutton, £33 t ¿3b per ton Tho shipments have boen for tho mont -2,678 casks Leather -During the month our silo bavo been well supplied, and prices remain about th same aa last month. Wo Bold crop, at 9JtL to lOJd. kip, 17(1 to la lOd , calf, 2s. to 83 8d , runners, li lOd. to 2s. 8d , waxed kangaroo, 29 to 2s. 8d ; brow! kangaroo, Is 8(1 to 2s 2d , wallaby, 2a to 2a Gd barnes, 13d to lad per lb, and basils, 4" to Ids Îior dozen The shipments havo been 453 bales tongaroo Skins -We have disposed of a largo quan tlty, at, for small sizes, 7d to 80 , medium, 0J te Ile) , and large Bklns, 12d to 13!d per lb Bark - During tho month we havo disposed ot a larg, quantity for local use, and a considerable quantity hi gone forward for London Wo havo sold bundled, a £4 10s to £4 15', chopped, at £5 to £5 6s , am ground, at £010s per ton Tho Bhlpmcnta have bool 0,770 bogs ' REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARI MARKET. Tho improved state of the mining markot notod li last report has prevailed generally throughout tbi past four wecke A very conBldorablo business ha been transacted, in dlvidond paying companies prlncl pally, prices havo In most casos been well sustatnod and the market closes firm. Tho mining nowa has oi tho whole been favourable, and there seems gooO reason to anticipate an increased gold ylold for thli year ao compared with its predecessor In Sandhurst particularly the work of prospecting tho mines al greater depths is giving good promise of favourable rcBUlts, and Creswick ia continuing Its improved yield from tbo alluvial. Tbo Walhalla mines also show in, cressod returns From Stawell thdre ia nothing decisivo tot about tho Mandala, tho trial cruthing being still delayed, nor has the Nowingt n jot struck the reef Tbo North Cross and other gold jotting mines aro without Important changos At Ballarat the risa of water in the claim» on tho Sebastopol plateau is threatening to become a very serious Injurv to tho alluvial mines The yields from tho Winter's Freehold havo not beon quito up to exportation, from somo of the quartz claima Improved pros pects aro reported Thtro has not been any news of importance from Castlemaine, Daylesford, or liar)borough From Maldon there is an increased yield in tho Union mino, and a good prospect In the Eaglehawk Limited The stocks mostly dealt la during tho month have boen those on tho Gardcu Gully and tho Kow Chum lines, Sal dhurst, tho Mag dala, Stawell, Winters Freehold, Ballarat, Lothair, Clunes, and Speclmon bill. Daylesford Among tho {irincipul changes In valuo have been a riso in Eagle lawk Limited, Long Tunnel, Magdala, Lothair, Bontli Clunes, Specimen hill, Victory, Pandora, GardonGully United, Londonderry, and Go don Stream, and a fall in New Noith Clunes, Winter a Freehold, Great Extended Hustler B, and Unit} In other than mining stock wo havo to noto a vory ro slricteel business in debentures, and quotations lowor For bank Bhares there has beon a good demand, and full rates obtainable for \ letona, willie for Colonial and National advanced prlcoa have beon read II j paid Commercial liol o recoced a llttio, a9 also havo Land Mortgago Biuk, of which a somowhat Budden chango of manager has beon announced In suranco shares have lud a small business without chango in prices Goa abares aro very difficult of Balo, and ow Ing to competition botw ceil tho Mclbonrno and South Molboumo, reduced d v Idends may bo atitict pated Thoro aro no changes of note in M and H B Railway, or in miscellaneous companies Tho threatened stoppage of supplies referred to In last months report has beon averted, as will bo seen by referenco to the political summary, and the stock market shares willi tho t,cnoral public lu tho relief ex- perienced from the cotlanao of so foulish and wicked a proceeding Sov oral public companies havo held their ordinär} haU} early meetings during tho past month, and declared divlocuds ranging from 6 per cent per annum to 10 per cent, with bonus of 2 percent added , thia last in tho case of the Bank of Victoria, which presented a very satisfactory report to its shareholders. Particulars of tho meetings of tho different companies will bo found in another column. Tho mining dividends for the four weeks amount to £07,387, as particularised be ow - Debentures -Victoria Government G por conta ,duo 1E85, havo been quittod at £108, ana close quiot, sellers at £10710e , do Opor cents , duo 1683, in tho markot at £105 lCs , and do 0 per cents also ob- tainable at £10510s , do 4 per cent, inicribod stock hoio Btller at £01 Metboumo Corporation 5 per cent wanted at £0910s., and hav o Boiler at £101. M andu B Raliway 0 per cont, duo I860, would havo found buj ers at £105, do 5 per cent woro offered at £IC0 10s., and had buyer at £03 New South \l aloa 5 por cent wero in the market at £100, but in quired for at closo at £105 103 Talbotshlro 0J por cent would bo token at £07, eeller at £100 Banks -Al strallin and European havo liad a limited business at 4B3, and shares obtalnablo at ranio Australian Mortgage and Deposit Bank woro in tho market at £5163. Colonial opened with a vory moderato iuquh} and sold at £7, but during the last fortnight tlioj havo hod particular!} good tfomand at rising rates sales at from £7 la to £7 7a, and wanted at £7 0? Commorclal havo liad oni} a ro Btrictcd inquiry , eharea clmnged hands at £5 4s M to £5 8s ex dlv, and cloie seller at£5ds.0d , buyer £5 28 City of Uclbourno woro In improved favour for a elicit timo, mid dealt in at 333 to 3Dj, but closing with Bélier at latter Land Mortgago hid binlnoss nt 64s c\div, and at a prico withheld, oui close dull a* 64B National, Melbourne register, havo had a largo business, and mado a very heavy advance In valuo, sales from £7 7a Gd up to £711s 01, and closo bus ers £7 11s , seller £7 138 , do , Adolaldo register, were Impaired tor, but without leading to buslnoss. New South fl ales changed hands early lu tho month nt £10, but havo slnco beon asked for, and risen to t U) tra at £5115s , Bharcs held for £55 New Zealand in tho market at £17 10s Union lu request, and would find bujers at £53 Ss Victoria havo liait a good business nt £52 to £52 103 cum dil , and at £50 10a ex Uli , closing firm at £50 buyers, £51 103. sellers GOB -Collingwood continuo dull, shares offered at £712s0d ox du Molboumo had a limited busino39 at 77B Gd turn div , arid closo Belitre at 70s ox div South Molboumo quiet, and quitted at 178 Gd ox div for piid up Bharcs, closing seller at l63 Miscellaneous -National havo boon placed at G», and closo finn with bu} ora at samo, Bharca Bcarco fcouthcrn hav o had v cry fair Inquiry, nothitlthslandlng thofact of there bch gnodividend for tho last half yoar, sales at 10s and 10a dd , and wanted at 10s, seller 103. Gd Molboumo and Hobson s Ba} Railway placed at £01 cuni dil , and havo fair domand at £53 ox div Austialasia Coal, paid up, nominal at 153 sellers, aud contilbutii g at 4a Cd Bellera Deniliquin and Moama Railway woro quitted at 71a, and wanted at closent tibs Opcra-houso in the market at 70s, and Thoatro Rojal at £18 Mines -Ballarat and Other Distriots-Argus United offered at £a, nnd had bli) cr at 03 0J City of U»l lint wouei And buj or at 103, Boiler ISs fréteront Bharcs wanted at 25s. ClunoB Consols i|ultted to a lln Heil extent at between 103 and 21s, and closing dull nbout 18s seller Count Bismarck had sellor at 40s, with bu}cr at 849 , dividendo! 2ä paid Cor- nish, Day céford, liad hu} ors at £110, nominal soiling nice, £1C0 Euroka Consols inquired for, and Bold at l»31 Eatlcbaul Union had scllerat 183., with buyer at 10s Gd Eaglehawk Liml'cd hayo liad a hotter rrorkct, but prices varying a great deal, Bales early at fs to f B 01, then quiet until tho last wook, who i, owli g lo improved prospects, they carno Into request ii d ee Id up to 103 Od , clnsingaboot 0a Od Kxto idod Cress Reef havo liad business at £10 aud £10 7a G1 Loi g Xuniicl continuo in request, and liaiorcvlla d higher rntco Bales nt £130 to £142 cum dil of £3 10s , and at £130 to £133 ox div , closing buyor £180 Long Tunnel Lxtciidcd lnvo had bnjors at l63 Manda a had considerable business, but prices Very Irregular, oscillating lolwcouC3s audS's, olosingat 7-s Gd buyers. Now Lothair continuo in ro quest, mid a further lmprovomont established, sales from 30s up to 62s., and wanted at 5"3 at close Nonini-ton, Pleasant Crook, opened dull, end wcio quitted at J13. for poid up and 203. for co i till) itli e,, ti ey then hod a bettor maikot, caused by Ho s'riMug of water in mino and eales effectod it 3E8 to fcO» for paid up, aud 31s for contnbutlng, ti ough clo&lng; coinpiiatlvoly quiet about theso rates Non ¡Noith Chineo dealt in early at £33 to £33 54, I ut declining Blnco end quittod at £31, closing at £30 10s buyer, £32 teller; months dividend, £1 North Cross Keel nominal at £37 Boiler Old Bto hilo hada small bueliicr.3 at Ss. Od. to la, closing (inlet Kcfoiui roniinl at 23a , and Racccourso at JO*., buyers South Clunes continuo to ieupiovo, toles at advanced rate of £1110»., and slnco want"d at £12 fiB witb £14 asked , dividend for month, 53 South Cohen a had buyers at OB Specimen hill IIMI good rcqui bt early, and dealt in at 23s to 25s , casing n llttio and quitted at 22s 01 , closing sailor 233., 13 paid elurlni, month Walhalla Meroin the market Pt £110, £3 dividend paid Winters Freehold havo had a good business, but nftor considerable fluctuation close at reduced rates. Salea rango bet -.cot £0 and £5, and wanted at £4 15s., with seller a £5 Es. Sandhurst.-Acadia Catherina had buyora a 13s.; dividend of Od. declared. Cathcrino Unite: havo had an activa markot during the month, am Bbarcs changed hands to a good oxtont. Opening a' 16a Od., Balen wera moda at up to 20a. 3d., rocodlnj acorn to 17a., and finally closing Boiler 17»., buyai 16B Od. City of Sandhurst were u request, owing te improved prospecta, and had a largo business al price» ranging botweon 2s. and Is. 6d., cloeins at 2a. Boiler, la. lOd. buy or. Central No« Chum Tributo dealt in at Is. id. to 2s, ant CICBO at 1B 7d. buyer, la. lOd. seller. Duchcst of Edinburgh nominal at Is. bd. buyer, ¡?s. seller. Golden Gato had a moderate business at Is Sd to 2S , and aro obtalnablo at Is lOd. Garden Gully United continued iu strong demand all tho earlier purtion oi tho mouth, and a good uumbcr of shares changed bands nt all lntcrrncJlato ratea from £i ISs up to £517s. Od ; during the last week, however, thoy were pressed on tho market and heavily receded, sales being mado down to £4 16s, but sinco coming Into request again and recovering to £610s , closing firm buyers £6 7a. Garden Gully freehold had a small business at 6s. Gd. to Cs 3d., closing qulot. Golden Ago dealt In at 3". to 3s Gd , aud close about 8s. Jd. buyer. Go'dcn Stream Tribute havo had a strong market throughout the month ; sales from 10s. up to 14s. Cd., and wanted at 13s. Gd.; dividends paid during month 2s. Od por share. Gordon's Gar- don Gully Tributo had very good dsmand, and sold at 6s. Ed. to C9. Led., casing a liltlo to- wards close, and had Boiler U us., buyer 6s. Sd. Great Extended Hustler's had a small bUBlocss at 38s. Gd. to Sis,, and closo at 31s. buyer, 30s. seller; dividend of Is. paid. Great Hustler's bava boen doilt In at from 12s. to 16s Hustler's Roof had demand early, and sold at 12s. Od. to 15a., but quiet at closo. Johnson's Bold to a limited oxtont at 60s., and closo dull at 49s. seller; month's dtvidotd la Enoobono and Jeffrey obtainable at 4 s, Gd, buy or 4s. Lazarus opened in request, and bad sales at 10B. to Ila. f)d., but havo declined again to 10s. Lazarus No. 1 firm, aud changed hands at 14s 3d., closing buyers 13s. Gd ; month's dividends la Od. per share. Londonderry have had a good business without much alteration In value ; sales ranged from £17 10s. to £63, and closed at £51 10s. buyer ; £2 per share paid during month. Londonderry Tribute had on activo market throughout tbo month, shares changed hands from Ds. 8d. up to 7s 3d., declining aftcrwsrda to is. 9d, and closing at 0s. seller. New Chum and Victoria Tributo dull of sala, and quita nominal about 070. North Johnson's hive buy era at 8s. Od. New Chum and Bellevue Ballway Re- servo had Bales at 7a 8d , but Improved at closo to 9s. Gd. North old Chum quiet, and aro nominal at 12s. toller ; dividend of Gd. declared. North Shenandoah bad an activo markot for a short timo, with Biles at 10s. to 21a, but have fallen quiet latterly, and closed seller Ids. Od. ; month's dividend 2s. Gd. por share. North Garden Gully and Possby had botter inquiry, and wanted at 26s.; seller 30s. Old Chum in request early, and sold at 0s. Od., but very qulot at closo. Odd Chum Tribute havo fluctuated bstween Is ljd. and is. Od., closing at la. Gd. Pandora have boon in steady demand; sales to a good oxtent at 37s Gd. to 40s, closing at 89s. buyer; 4s. Od. paid during montb. Pioneer (Koch's) had a small busi- ness at 21a. to 103., closing qulot. Prlncoaa Bagmar quitted at 2s. Sd., enduro Baleablo at sams. Princess Alice in the market at 10s. 0:1. Boyal Hustler's cams Into request early, and dealt In at from 3a up to 4s. Gd., but falling quiet and offered at 4s. Sea had fair inquiry, with sales at 8s 8 Gd. buyer. Bnob's-hlll charged banda early at 5s. Gd., but bavo been quiet slnco, and closo aollers at 4B. Od. Shenandoah opened with salo at Ils 8d., but wore quiet until tbo laat week, wheo they bad inquiry, and Bold up to 16a, closing buyers 14a. Od., Bbarcs rather difficult to moot with ; month's dividend, Is. South Cathorlno wera placed at Gs. 6d , but close qulot. Shamrock dealt in at 12s. and 130. Unity have had a large business, but reduced rates submitted to toward) close; sales from 28s. Od. down to 229., closing at 23s. seller.; dividend of Is. paid. Victory have been actively Bouche after, and shares placad ex div. at from 84s. up to 39s Od. cum dir., closing at 84s. Od. buyor ex div.; 8s. Od. per share paid during month. Tho mining dltrldonda declared during tho four weckB ending Fobruary 10 amount to £07,387103 , of which £68,837 10s. wera distributed by quartz, and £8,650 by alluvial mining companies. The dividends in detail are as follow:-For week ending January 29-Great Extended Hustlcfo, Sandhurst, Is. por 28,000th, £1,400 ; Horwood's Freehold, Sandhurst, Is. per 2!,000th, £1,200 ; North Old Chum, Sandhurst, Gd. per 27,000lh, £076 ; Londonderry, Sandhurst, £1 per SOOth, £800 ; Victory, Sandhurst, Is. per SO.OOOtb, £1,60416s ; Cunning's l'r;ohold, Creswick, 2a. Od. per 0,000th, £750 ; Johnson's Beef, Sandhurst, Is. per 20,874th, £1818 14s ; Golden Stream, Scarsdalo, 8s. per 2,000th, £300; North Cross Beef, Stawell, 10s. per lO.OOOth, £5,000; Crown Cross Unitod, Stawell, 3s. per lB,014th, £2 850 12s For tho week ending February 5-Pandora, Sandhurst, 2s. per 28,000th, £2,800; Shenandoah, Sandhurst, Is. per 82,000th, £1,000; North Shenandoah, Sand- hurst, la Gd. per 24 OOOtli £1800 ; Ellenborough, Sandhurst, Gd. per 2i,000tli, £600 ; Central Catho- rlno, Sandhurst, £G00 ; Golden Btroam Tributo, Sand- hurst, Is 0d. per 24,000th, £2,100 ; Lazarus No. 1, SandhurBt,9d per 46,000th, £1,(187 10s.; Unity, Sand- hurst, le per 32,000th, £1,600 ; Princess Alexandra, Snndhurat, Sd per Sl.OOoth, £300; Itobinson'S Freehold, Creswick, Is. per 0,000th, £300; Speci- men bill, Daylesford, Gd. per 21,700th, £511. For week ending Fobruary 12-Buuyan's Freehold, Creswick, 3s per 0 000th, £000 ; ItobiuBon's Freehold, Creswick, Is por 0,000th. £300 ; Richardson's Wes- tern, Creswick,, Is por 0,000th, £d00 ; Victory, Sand- hurst, 1B Od. per 30 090th, £2,2^7 is ; Londonderry, Sandhurst, £1 per 800th, £800 ; florvvooa's Freehold, Sandhurst, Od. per 21,000th, £600 ; Duchoss of Edin- burgh, Sandhurst, Sd. per 24 000th, £300 ; Goldon Crown, Sardlmrst, Id. per 04,000th, £100; Long Tunnel, Strlugcr'a Creek, 70s per 2,400th, £8,100; Glcngonner, Lauriston, Gd. per 3.000th, £75; Gnu- lling s Freehold, Creswick, os. per 0,000th, £900; Baron Rothschild's, Creswick, 2s per O.OOOth, £600 ; Johnson's Beef. Sandhurst, la per 20 374th, £1.31814v For week ending February 10.-Ilichardson'B Western, Creswick, 4s. per 0,000th, £1,200 ; Bunyan's Free- hold, Creswick, 3s. por 0,000th, £000; Rjblnson's i rcehold, Creswick, 1B per 0,000th, £300 ; Pandora, Sandhurst, 2s. Cd. per 23,000th, £3,600; Golden Stream, Sandhurst, Is per 2i,iwth, £1,200; Lazarus No. 1, Sandhurst, lo. per 45,000th, £2,260 ; North Shenandoah, Sandhurst, la per 24,000th, £1,200; Central Catherine, Sandhurst, £800 ; Moroy Freehold, Ballarat, IV. per 3,000th, £300 ; Kacecoureo, Haddon, IB. per O.OOOth, £300 ; Walhalla, Stnngor'a Crook, £3 pcrCOOtb, £i,8C0; Bismarck, Maryborough, 2s. per 15,C00th, £1,1.00; South Stafford, Sandhurst (final), bd. por 24,000tb, £500 ; Now North Clunes, Clunes, £1 por 2,050th, £2,050 ; Sultan, Blackwood, 10s. per 2 600tli,£l,260;8oiltliOlunoB,Olul!C3,7B Gd.por4,0C0th, £1,600,Specimen hlll,DayloaIord,i)d por21,700th £614. Tile districts from «lilch thonboio mining dividiuda were derived rank as follow in ordor of amount dis- tributed ¡-Sandhurst, £31817; Stringer's Creek, £10,2CO ; Stawell, £7,858; Creswick, £0,450; Clunca, £3,660; Blackwood, £1,250; Maryborough, £1,200; Day leaford, £1,0S8; Smythesdale, £000; Ballarat, £300 ; Lauriston, £75 ; making a total for the two mail periods sinco January 1 of £107,073, to which a considerable further Bum would require toboaddod for private companies and for public companies not rcpoited. Tho div blenda from public companies othor than mining aro as follows :-Bank of Victoria, rato of 10 per cent, and bonna at roto of 2 per cent, por annum ; Commercial Bank of Australia, 8 per cent, perannum ; Ballarat Bank, 10 per cent, pcraauum ; Provincial and Suburban Bank, 8 por cent, por annum ; Australian Mortgage and Deposit Bank, 8 por cent, por annum ; Land Mortgago Bank of Victoria, 0 por cent, por annum ; Langlands Foundry Company, 8 per cent, per annum ; M. and H. B. U. Raliway, 8 per cent, per annum; Opera-house Company, 10 per cent, per annum; City of Melbourne Gas, 0 per cent, per annum; Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas, 10 por cent, per annum, and bonua of Is. par share ; >Yllliatnatown Gas Company, 8 per cent, per annum. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. TUESDAY, FEB 22 1000000 800000 looooo 10000 30000 81900 281400 162000 20000 D720000 609780 6CO0OO 600000 250OO Viet. GOT. Rlwy. (local), 8 per cent Viet Government (local), 5 percent. Melbourno Corporation, 6 per cent. Ballarat Water. 8 per cent.. Ballarat Municipal, 6} per cent Collingwood Gas, 6 per cent Melbourno Gas, 6 por cent.« Mclb & H B United, 7 per cant Do, Oper cent ., .. Do, 6 per cent .. .. Nelson (N Z ) Gov, 8 per cent Now South Wales, 6 par cent Do,4pcrcont .. _ Now Zealand, 4 per cent .. Queensland, Apercent .. Melb. Meat preserving, 0 per cent 107} IOJJ (S c3 760000¡ 1000000 600000 1060S0 700000 1260000 1200000 lEooooe 1000000 E0C00 60000 85000 14S91 0653! 2080 24130 250000 26000 802C0 16260 76000 40000 133000 437C0I 12000 7000 POÎLIO COUTAKIXS. Do*, now IsBua , Colonial of Austral Commercial of Au» tralla (Limited). Melb Bank Corpo- ration (Limited) National of Austral asia . .. New South Wales ( VIctorla(Mol reg ) \ Do (London reg ) Land Mortgage Now Zealand Union ., Australasia ,, Oriental London Chartered of Australasia . City of Melbourno. GAB COSIl'iNlBS. Ballarat ., . Bendigo ,, , CsBtlenialno ,L Collin w d & Fitzroy Daylcsford(Ltmltcd) Goolong ,, , ¡?Molbourno _ j ~ iiith Molbourno . Do , now Issuo rssuiiAhcii. AustraloBlnn Lifo , Australian Alltanco National Fire Insur Southern Insurauco Victoria Lifo ti Gen Victoria Tiro 4. Mar MIUCCIiIiAhr.OUS Gipps Lnd StoamN Marítimo & Gcnolavl Credit Co (Limit) Melb Mcat-Frcsrvg Studley Park Bridge Victorian leo RAILWAYS. liclb ¿nob BayUd Lost div. [pcrcont Hi UO-MOs. 1014-81» 151-1639 62 51 50 51 Bis. 17J 53 65 60 46-18 Hi 6J 5* 0. 17s Od. 103\. 10.3 12s. Bd. 121 ' Including bonun t And bonus t And M por share. SALES Or PROPERTY. Messrs C. J. and T HAM havo to report tho salo of tho following-pro] crtlca, viz - " Essondon, Holino'a road, land, GO x 147, £115 10s , Prahran, Dandonong road, Ga 8r 8p .family residence, built of brick £1 476 ¡ Schnapper Point. Esplanade, land, GO x 181 Oin , with cottage residence, £100, Frankston, Yannouth Bticot, COx 00, £10, thsondon, Holmes read, land 00x182, £11610s., Prahran, High street, land, 00 x 202 throuth to Andre» street, £300 ; also Comrncrel.it road, land, 80ft flin x 122ft Gin nlong Alfred street, £81 IIB 3d , also High s'rect. land, 80x152, Viciv'hor board cottoge,£22ií, alto High st ,land,00f 14in.x 125ft, 6in , £218 14a. 2d , Prahran, Argylo-Btrcot, land 83lt 4in xOlft Oin., with brickhouse £225, Carlton, Lygon street, land, 83 x 105, £270, Wost Mel bourne, King Btrcot, 50 8 x 72, along Rosslyn Blreet, with thrco two story houses, £1025, Mel bourne, Collins-street land 83 x 70, and laud having a frontage of 76 3 to Collins street hy a depth of 80 J elong Russell street, with tho fine two story rcsldenco thereon, £7,400, Richmond, Punt-road, land 8» x 07 along Brick Btrcot, £¿00, Fitzroy, land fronting Moor Btreot, 10 x 80, £80, Tarraville, Tarrangower Btroot, land 80 x 140, through to Stmpson-Btrcot, £40, Rich mond North, Elizabeth street, land 17 10 x 70, with weatherboard houBO, £S0, Prahran, Commercial road, 30 x 120, with shop and dwelling thorcin, £100, Hawthorn, Kooyong Koot roid, land 142 x 225, £""00 6s, also Riversdale road, laud 70 x 170 £57 103, Boroondara, Tooronga-road,74a with family mansion, known as' Tooronga, £7 000 Messrs GLMMFM,, Tee I irrand Co report having sold this day and recently tho following pronortics - ' Tho National Hotel wlthaBhopailJolning, In Bourke Btrcot cast, with n frontago of 60ft, by a depth of 121ft, for £12 bOO, property knownas Bodford house, Drummond street, Carlton and land 00 x 105, £1 000 , Sims s timber j aid and Bin mills, with land 107ft to Napier street, Footscray, by a depth of 83ft, with machinery, &c; , for £1160, property in Toorak lately occupied by tho late Mr A Watson, for £12 000 , 7, 8 5 land at Toorak at por nero £¿ro, two cottages in Brid port-sti cet. Emerald hill, with land havlog a frontago of 60IL, for £1235, family rcsldenco in Dundaa-placo, Emerald hill, for ¡£300, allot- ment of land nt the corner of Bourko and W11 Ham Btrcets 42ft to Bourko-strcot by a depth of 100ft Oin , for £2 600 property in Swanston street, having a frontage of 14ft 8äin byan Irregular depth, for £3 000 allotment nt tho rear of the above, 621t. by 5111, fe r £1,350, Albert terrace, Victoria parado, with land having a frontago of 62ft by lOift. deep, £1 COO, cottage residence, in Argo-streot, Soutli Yarra, £460, brick cottage, known as Everton lodge, Cheltenham, with about 10 acreB land, £1 000, pro porty known as 8mlth s ham and bacon curing estab- lishment, comer of Victoria and Roden streets, Hotham, £1 GOO, wooden cottage lu Perth street. Prahran, with land 12UfU by 112ft-, for £305 ' MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATURDAY/, TUB 19. THE MILLS. Business has been transacted to a moderate amount, and the feeling of the market has been steady since our last report. Bran is In request, but little ia offer ing Oatmeal and rico aro at late rates Quotations aro -Flour, £11 15s to £12, pollard, l8 2d to Is. 8d., bran. la. 2d., oatmeal, £22 ; pearl barley, £27. RETAIL MARKET3 Eggs aro dearer than thoy wero on Wodnoa day, and butter steadily maintains lato quotations Butchers1 meat, owing to tho very large supply, is decidedly costar In feeling Thia Is espeel ally the case as regarda mutton, which Is very difficult to quit even at low ratee Tho current quo tationsare -Beef, 6d to Od port»., pork, 8d tolOeL do ; mutton, 1 Jd. to 4d. do Poultry-Fowls, 4s Gd to Ga. per pair ; ducks, 6s. lo 7s. do ; goeso, 7s. to 103. do ; turkoys, 14s to 30s do Dalry Produce - Cheese, 84, to l8. 2d per lb., eggs, Is. 3d. to Is. 8d per dozen ; butter, l8 2d to Is. Gd por lb , bread, 7d. per 41b. loaf, honey, Gd. to Od per lb , milk, 4 6d per quart, hams, Is. 2d. to la. ád. por lb , bacon, la, to Is. 2d. do WOOD AND COAL. Wood and coal havo been quiet dutlng tho week, and tiansections havo been confined to Hie supply of tho presont moderato demand Tho market clot 08 aa follows -Coal, 31B to 33s por ton, 2s. Od por cwt.; wood, In billets, 18s per ton of 40 cubic loot ¡ do , retail, Is. Id to la. 3d. per cwt HAT MARKET Messrs FESTÓN and MAnsiiAi.t, report -"Thorohaa been a Blight improvement both In the demand and supply during tho w-ek Straw conUnues in excess of tho demand Hay, from £1 to £0 103., straw, £3 to £8103 ' Messrs BUTLER and Moss report -"There has been no material attention slnco our last roport. First-class samples havo obtained extreme rates In fer'ir a slow Bale Wo Bold now hoy, £4 to £810s , straw, £3 to £310s.' EASTERN MARKET. Tho market wai largely attended this morning by both buyers and tollers. Fruit and vegetables wero well represented, and woro disposed of In considerable quantities at rateß about equal to those lately ruling Eggs wera Aimer, and butter fully realised Wedncs day a quotations. The mrrkot was cleared early at tho following prices -Vegetables.-Beans, broad, Id. to 2d por lb ; boot, Gd. per dozen , bouquots, 89. to Gs do , cabbages, Is. Gd to 2s. do ; carrols, Gd to 8d por dozen bunches ; celery, Gd. do, cucumbers, prickly, Ss to 3s Gd. per d07en; garlic, id, to Cd por lb ; Horseradish, 2a. to 4s per dozen hunches ; leek, Gd. do ; lottuce, Gd to £d per dozen, marjoram, Gd per dozen hunches, mint, Gd do , onions, dried, 7s. to Sa. per cwt, do, groen, 4d. to 8d- per dozon buncbea, parsley, Gd to 8cC per do , parsnips, Gd to 81. do , peas, Id per lb , potatoes, 8a to 8a. Gd. per cwt. ; radish, 4d to Gd per dozen bunches, rhubarb, Is to la Gd do , sago, Gd do , savoys, 2s. per dozon, shallots, 2d to 3d per lb . solnach, Id. do , thyme, Gd per dozen bunches, turnips Gd toSeL do.; tomatoes, 3d to 5d per lb , vegotabie marrows, la. Gd to 2a. I cr dozen Fruits -Apples, 5s to Os. per coso, apri- cots, 2d to 3d. per lb , damsons, Id. to 2d do , gonso berries, 3d to 4d per quart, grapes, 8d to iii. per lb , loquets, 2d to 8d do , mulberries, 8d to 4d. do ; peaches, 3d to 4d do , pears, Sd. to 4(1. do , plums, Iel. to ljd do , raspberries, 4d. to Gd do ; strawberries, 4d to Gd do Dalry Produce.-Butter, Is 2d to l8. 3d per lb ; checso, 8d. to Dd. do, ducks, 4s to 4s Gd por pair; eggs, Is. 2eL tola 3d. per dozen, geese, 7s to 7B Gd per pair, hens, 4a to 4s. Gd do , honey, Sd per lb ; pigeons, 2s per pair, potk, 8a. to Od. per lb , rabbits, 2s. per pair, Bucking pigs, 12s. to 2Cs each; turkeys, 12s. to20a. per pair, hame, le to IB 2d. per lb.; bacon, lOd. tola do. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT BEPORT McBsrs DE BEEK and Co report'-"Since tho date of our last circular of the 20th January, although tho clearances havo beon equal to tbo averogo, the activity which then pervaded the loading berth for home boa somowhot BU bsldcd, ow Ing to tho near approach of the closo of our wool season, and consequently rates for tile United Kingdom hove a downward tendoncy Tho clearances for London during the mall month com prise eight vessels of, 10 632 tons register, carrying 26 27G bales of WODI, besides othor cargo, embraced as fellows -Malabar, 1,210 , Norfolk, 053 , Weathers field, 1 051, Cathcart, 1,387, Wimmera, 1 008 , B.B Somersetshire, 1,503, Loch Ness, 1,100, and Sobraon, 2,181 , all with full cargoes and complements of passengers. And our loading berth Is now occupied by seven ships, aggregating 0 881 tODB resistor, comprising the following -Carllsla Castle 1468, Frank Pend eton, 1414, Great Queens- land, 1,008, Loch Garry, 1,493, Sarah Grico, 1,071, Superb, 1,451, and True Briton. 1 040 Tho following aro tho ratea prevailing -Wool, Jd and gd for greasy andecourcd respectively , tallow, 45s , loather, 46s to 60s., ellina, 50s bark ground, 45s. to603., do chopped, GOs , wheat, 80s to 85s., flour, 32a Gd to 85J, coppor, 5s, tin, 5s , ores, 6s.. oil por ton of 20cwt, and preserved meats, 35a. per ton of 40 cubic feet. The passonger traffic, owing to tho favourable EOIBOU for arrival at home, Is on the increase, and all ves ela left havo had a full complement of passengers For the shipment of breadstuffa from South Australia for United Kingdom thero lias been but llttio Inquiry, and theyhavolcd to but twocngagemonta , tho rates offering at present boing 45s if to a direct port, w 1th 2a Gd additional if for ordere, for wooden ships, w liilat 2a Od above theee rates ia obtalnablo for Iron vessels For South Africa thero lias beou no engagement and an almobt entire absonco of ii qulry Iho season for shipment ofllie Btock tornóla IB now losod, but wo look forward to tho reopening of this business at nn early date this incoming Eeason The James Service, 441, has Bailed for Calcutta w ith C5 horses ou ow uer a account, making tho last vessel of the season, as reported in our lost For Hong Kong, tho Jor falcon, 208, Ia now loadlne, sundries dircc* Tho charters effected during tho month embrace tho following -Heidi, Swedish barquo, 412 to load at a South Australian port to tho United Kingdom, 47s. Gd , Lady Blncks British I irqno, 003, for samo cm ploymcut, 45a If to a direct port, with 23 GJ addl tloial if for orders Soren Berner, Norwegian barquo, 625, to load at Malden Island to tho ühannol fir orders, 66s., Money niel, colonial barquo, 209 to load Jarrah timber at Uoograplio Hay, Western Australia, for Adelaide, 40s per load of 00 eulie foot , Ash burton colonial barque, 600, to load Jai rah timber at Gcce.rapho Bay W A , for Adelaldo 40s per load of 60 cubic feet, I rli co Aithur, do ,203 to load at Ncwcastlo, N S W, for II ner Kong, 20a C3 , O 0 Leoiy, American throe masted Bchooner, GIO, do , 20a Gd , Katea, colonial barquo, 825, do , on prl vato tcims, Lieutenant, British barquo, DOO, do, for Padang, 23s., Landseer, British three masted schooner, 420, do , for Singapore, 1S3 Tho ratos from >ewcastlo to the East remain without Ituptovo ment, nor on} likelihood of any Improvement for somo timo to como, and aro nominal as follows - Hong Kong, 20? , Shanghai, 223 Eau Francisco, 21» , Join, 12a., Singapore, 18s , Saigon, 103 Tho inter colonial trae*o continuée depressed, and to such a i extent ss to Induco seveial owncra to prefer lnylng up their vessels to accepting the ion rates offering The rato for cool from Newcastle to Hobson a Bay la nominal at l18 The only ealo to bo roportod Is tho colonial-owned barquo AlbynslBlo, 300 lona built nt Grangemouth In lb03, and thon clashed Al for 10 years, and continued on eamo tetter In 1873 for Bevon years, for £2,100 Wo havo recoued two matta vlil Galio per P and O Company a steamers during tho n onth, tho regular mail per s 9 China having, owing to an accident to hor machinery, beon compolled to put back to Galle, thereby causing a delny of 11 days beyond her contract timo, aud owing totblB accident and othor Blifcht subsequent derangements to her niiclut cry. allowing tho com pony 8 BO. Avoca to arrive within IS hours of her arrli al Thia is tho first serious detention that baa occurred to any of tho company s Australian mail steamers during tho past two years Those Avoca is intended to roplaco tho Ellon, at present running cn tho coast bctweon this port and Sydney in con ntxlon with tiic mall Btcitncrs The non appe irai co of tho BrltlBh ship Loch Lotean, which left Liverpool on 1st October, 1876, ' mid no v out 140 days," 1B be ginning to excito scrioua apprthonsionB for her Bafelj ' Messis AinmD Wool LEV and CO roport -"Oui li t odvlccB nero dated the 20th ult., and In the intort n clearances hale greatly exceeded arrivals, owliu, to tho latter being unusually light Business haa been cjcefslvoly dull throughout the month, and grain frclghtB difficult to obtain, unless at reducod rites. Inquiry for tonnago for this business is at prose it very limited, and cJerlngs too low to admit of owners llmltB being attained, heneo the number of fino iron Bhlpa leaving for othor porta In billast, nn 1 vii No / caBtlo, to load coal on Blilps" account Coal freights, If anything, aro Armor, and Inquiry ia Bomen hat or tending, but until rates adianco considerably no cannot look for much increase in tho number of tianEaclions Tor London tho following ships linio sailed with full general cargoes, and In oomo caaes with their BaloonB c tupiótelj fille 1 with paiScnt,ora, v Ir -HydaBpca Malabar, Norfoll, Woatliursfi Id, Cathcart, Wimmera Loch Ncsa SB S uicrsotshlre t>nd Sobraon Aa pblpmcnts of tins aoason s clip naw omeunt to 204 l63 bales wool tho quantity remain i g for export is but En-all and l8 eagerly competed f r 1 y tho ships on ti o l-oith, but na ti oro Is now a fair an eui t ol other minor articles of commorco avatliblo n tee of frelc.1 t havo been fairly mall taino 1 excoptfor i he it, for which lower rates nero accepted for BtlfT n ing I urcclf Ti o rcglstor teni ego now on tho borth an em IB to 0 031 tone, comprised in tho ships Carlislo Cisile, Frank Fcudlctoii, Great Queensland, Loch Garry Burrh Grico Superb, and Truo Briton lor Calcutta, the JamcaScriico clcirc 1 on tho 4th Inst with C5 hoircp Tho Dunalistnlr and Lochio have gone on to India In balitict, and may call at Ollie For the rice ports ti e Antlono and MmpcBla procood direct 1 or liol (. Kunt,, the Jorfalcon procoods direct, m d the C O Leary and Kassa accepted chartors to It ad coal atiNcwcastlo Tor Slmnchai thero iBiiothlng (IT rlne', cither from Fydncy or Nowcastio I or San Francisco, ti o Corolla and Res; gadcra procood Newcastle to load coal ui der home Instructions 1 Iîcdfordel ho Is ti c 01 !y cuL,iii,en cut 1 oro this ni u C1 nrlcrp -O nono, 1 1J7 Adelaide to United KI dom, 60s for or lera, O 0 Leary, OiO, No v castle Hoi i, hoiq, .0" Gil per ton Bcdfordahl 1,165, Ncwuastlo to San Francisco, 218. por to Lieutenant 600 Ncwcastlo to Padang 23s nor t* Landseer 420, Ncwcastlo to Singapore, 18s lsabo! 250, Adelaida to Mauritius and back, 60s Qarmou -00 AdclaldotoNatal,40s pcrton Lady Ilinckn,0 Adclaldo to United Kingdom, private rrcIfchtQuo lions.-Melbourne to London- Wool, Jd. and ¡¡J 1 lb wheat, 30s to 82a Od , tallow, 45a., ground Ixl 45s chopped lo 6ra to 00 leather 60s. ski COs coj Per lp per ton South Australian port direct pott, 45s for orders to United Kingdom 4 Gd Newcastlo to Hong Kong 20s Gd , Shangh i omh al San Francisco 21s , Singapore, 18s , iii rltlus, 233., Padang, 23s SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CH:AIUI.CE8 BIRCH ona LABT SDMUAI [B , British , A , American , Au , Austrian, D Danish , JJ , Dutch i , French, Ch , Chilian : 1 ortugueso, 1 r , Peruvian, I, Italian, N , N< wcgian, O , Germon, S , Sweetish. Sp , Spanls Eelg Belgian, It, Russian, s , ship, b , barqu br, brig, BC, schooner s.8 , steamer ] Jon Alum ED 20\. Ashburton, B b., 600 A. Brownflold, Port Pt New Caledonia-Captain Young 29 Flodden, L b., 837, J Murdoch, Hong Kong Kong Meng and Co SO Siringo B se 241, B. Partrldgo, Mauritius. W PiellandCo Feb 1 Riversdale, B > , 1,400, Chas Maples, Londc W CroebyandCo. 2 Shannon, B b, 296, J G SIppIo, Pasaaroean Java.-Victoria Sugar Company i ¿talandia, P M. Co a a a., 2 765, J S Ferr« London.-Osborn, Gushing, aud Co 7 Lardcccr B se., 426, M. Y Dixon, Possarooang Victoria Sugar Companv 8\. Normanby, E. mid A. M S Co's s a., 950, J J Biddeil, Hong Kong, &c-Bright; Bros, and Co 0 Thermopylae ß s , 018, Charles Matheson, Lo doD-Dalgety, Blacl wood, and Co 0 Gleam, B b, 201, Walter Burgees, Foo-chow Alfred Wilkins 10 Monkcheater, B b, 035, Jas Lees, Sodorliam Macharían. Biy th, aud Co 10 Superb, B s., 1,461,8 Low, London-J. n Will at d Co 10 Phillip Fitzpatrick A. b, 682, Wm. Phelan, Net port-Geo Marlin and Co 11 Mystic Belle, A a, 754, D Plumer, Boston Hewell and Co 13 Arroganto F b , 332, It Arnaud, Charonto-0a; tain Arnand 14 Garmouth, B se, 109, J M'Pherson, Mauritius Croaker Scott, and Co 14 H"lgo, N s, 684, J Ounnoracn, Sourabaya Vlctoria Sugar Company 14 Lammeimoor, B s , 1,020, G Duncan, Londoi Vlrgoo, Son, and Co IE Ellomc, B b 481, W Wood. Samarang 1 Mitcboll 10 True Briton, B b, 1,040, Gcorgo M Millor.Londoi W Siddeley and Co 10 Britcmarto, B b, GOO, J C Brokonahar, Live pool Bright BrotheiB and Oo IG Eurynome,B.B, 1,804, J Gray,Liverpool. Gei Martin and Co 16 Crested Wave, B b , 345, J Ronouf, Batavia. Ja Hcntyand Co 10 China, R M S S , 2 010, G S Brooks, Galle, to F B Kendall 10 Evening Star, B br, 290, A Scott, Mauritiu: Bright Brothers and bo 21 A\ oca, R. M S 8,1,481, J II Tarbuck, Galla, I R. Kondall 21 Jano Woodburn, B b, SOO, O B Dasborougl Mauritius. ^ ictoria Sugar Company. 2L H D Brookman, A. b, 087, James A Tysoi New York. Lorlmor, Marwood, and Romo 21 Europa, A b, 437, O li Mayo, New Tors Stuart, Coucha, and Co Jan. CLEARED OUT. 27 Monpolla, RM.S.S, 1,685, A Coleman, Gallo, &c; F It Kendall 27 NilDcBporonuum,B br,167,W G Garth,Kanal via Noumea J U'KwanandCo 28\. Hold!, S b, 442, A. Dannberg, Guam, F W Prell and Co 28 1 Mon, N b, 452, Thor Thorson, Guam Gee Arnold and Co 29 Frank Flint, B ft, 402, A. M'Bride, Guam Andel son and Marshall 29 Antiopo, B a., 1,443, W Watson, Guam. Geo Martin and Co 81 Malabar B s, 1,210, G A. Mackorness, London J II Whito and Co Fob 2 Norfolk, B B, 953 J P O Callaghan, London W Siddeley and Co 2 Wcathcreflold, B s, 1,051, J Coleman, London - Jas Service and Co 2\. Dunalittair, B B, 1 680, H P Wright, Guam - Geo Martin and Co 8 China, S s, 732, E. G Fernstr-end, Callao -Mac farlan, Blyth, and Co S Lochco, B B., 1,7°8, A B Hoon, Guam -Geo Martin and Co S Herald, A s., 748, H Gardner, Ho Ho -Nowol and Co 4\. James Service, B b, 441, T Jasper, Calcutta. Boyd and Currie B Cathcart, B a,, 1387, O Crawford, London - Poole, Picken, and Co EUA Evans,I) b,62S,D Lowie,Guam-Bright Brothers and Co Feb cir-Aiu-D OUT 10 Alumbogh B s, 1,187, J G Lowo, Gallc Holmes, Whito, and Co 11 CLnono, B s., 1,187, G Gayo, Guam.-Hadarían, Blyth, and Co 14 Wimmera B b, 1,008, WUT Cooper, London Holmes, Whito, and Co 15 Sorcn Borner, N b, 624, G B Pcdorson, Maldon Island -Phipps, Turnbull and Co 10 Somersetshire, B ta,! 842, li r TToIt, London -W Siddeley and Co l8 Loch Ness, B s 1100, J Coutts, London.-Mac larlan, Blyth, and Co 19\. Sobraon, B.s., 2,131, J. A. Elmslie, London. — W. Crosby and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JAN 27 Mongolia, SB, for Point do Gallo -l8 packages samples, 6 packages apparel, 12 colls ropo, 46 bundles iron 7 cases fancy goods, G tierces beef, 86 casks potatoes lease saddlery, 4 coses books and stationery, 2 coses drugs, 1C bags oats, 170 tons copper, 20 casks tallow, 1 horse NU Desperandum, for Kanala, via Noumea.-256 pieces timber, 0 pairs eashoB, 8 000 palings, 4,000 split rails 480 tram rails, ¿3 packages metalwaro, 6 hor«os, 2 drays 100 shcop, 50 bags flour, 4 packages marchan dice, 150 boxes candles. JAV 81 Malabar, for London -8 877 bales wool, 488 casks tallow, 1 BOO bags wheat, 702 bags ground bark, 802 boga chopped bark, 6 cases effocls, 2 cases cancelled documents, 826 Ingots spelter. Fan 2 Norfolk, for London -2 418 bales wool, 800 bags bark, 2S6 casks tallow, 1,000 cases pressrved moat, 9 bales kangaroo BklnB, 87 baleB leather, 810 bags anti mony, 400 Ingots tin, 234 Ingots spelter, 274 plates regnlus antimony, 10 packages tobacco, 13 packages effects, otc, 8 bales woollen piece gooda WcathcrtOcld, for Jxindon -106 bales skins, 155 bales leather, 51 pipes 42 casks tallow, 15 packages effects 4 060 bags bark, 4 470 bags whoat, SO bales rags, 20 bales basllB, 2,142 bales wool Fan S China, for Callao-12 pieces timber, 6 barrels tar Fun 4 James Berrico, for Oakutta,-2 221 Ingots 11 pieces spelter, l8 cases biscuits, 2 octavcB 20 casca wlno S cacea preserved meats, 05 horses, SO tons hay, 200 boga bran FEB 7 Cathcart, for London -5,126 bales wool, l8 packages antimony, a quantity of horns, a quantity of bonss, 4G0 casks tallow, 20 balea clippings, 450 blocks spelter, 153 bales sheepskins, 1 bato opossum sklnB, 14 pack ages wine, 8,812 bags bark, 124 bales leather, 820 bags flour FEB 14 W Immcra, for London.-2 810 balos wool, 08 halos Sheepskins, 03 bales lcathor, 50 bales basils, 2 720 bags wheat,l8 packages tobacco, 1,182 packages presorted meat, 10 boxes tinfoil, 00 baga ground bark, 7 casks fuse, 1 box effects Fun 10 Somersetshire, for London_2 891 bales wool, 154 packages leather 2,000 COSOB preserved moats, 8 horses 23 CSBCB effects 84 packages luggago, 3 quarter ca&kB; 82 cases wines, 2 coil B ecod, 2 packages jewellery und wate! c8 0 packages jlants 80ingotsspelter, 102 blocks rcgulus antimony, 237 bsgs antimony, 100 ingots tin FEB. l8 Loch Nets for London -S 437 bales wool, 800 tons guano 2 470 bags wheat 118 balee baails, 57 balea rags 238 baleB scrolls 2,874 bagB bark, 2 balos Bbcop sklr.s 7 packages machlnory 2 packages merchandise, and part of original cargo (60 tona pig iron) FEB 19 Sobraon, for London.-8,070 bales wool, a quantity or pig iron, 737 ingots tin, 812 ingots cpeltor, 60 casks mint sweepings, 7 packoges merchandise and affects, 2 991 laps wheat, 200 bags flour, 8,000 casca preserved meats, IO bales skins, 787 casks tallow, 82 balos leathor 4 402 bags bark, 1 balo scrolls, 2 balos basils, 15,737 ingots copper PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE. PARTURE Ol1 TnE LAST MAIL. JAN 27 Mongolia, B M S S , for Gallo, ace PasBongors cabin For Glenelg-Mr Hartley, Mr aud Mrs. J nilliams, Mr J L. Con!_,ra\o, Mr and Mrs Qilbcrt, Mr Joynt, Mr Makin, Mrs. Jennings and infant Tor Kn g George fl Sound-Messrs Rosser, Morrissey, Linthorne, S Purdy, MIBS M Grath, Messrs. M'Rae Mr J Kemp For Toint do Gallo-Mossrs Simpson S F Mann, F Cunrlnüiam For Bombay Mr und Mrs. N Fit?j.erald, Mr J S O Sbauossy, Mi s I ox, o.r H Stratford, Mr Endcrson, Mr and Mrs D Reid For Bli ¡,aporc-Mr J N Robertson lor A len-Mr Anderson lor Suez-Mr niugston For Brindis!-Mr and Mrs Stcvei Bon and sou Cap tain Bland Mr Jose; li Mr and Mrs D Wood and fnrnily (three) Mr M Kinlay Tor Vonlco-Mr Lev is A Tal ermau, Mr and Mrs AHM Culloch, Mr S Brlfcbt Mr and Mre holly, Mr and Mrs Cox, Misses Iii lay (two) Sibnor and Slgnora Coy aud fan llj (two), Messrs M Curdy, Holmes rcld.AVather Bto i, R Crompton Slack, F Armytsgo G Armytage and scivant ForSoutliami ton-Mad inioCurcler ai d Bervnit Master andMles Burl c.Mr andMrs Parsoi B Mr ui 1 MIB Gcorc,o Ho; o and family (six) Mr aud Mis H P VAckh and two children, Mrs Andorson ti d el d, Mr and Mrs J Rowaud, Mr and Miss Saul dem McEsro J VI Colvillo, H P Palmor, J Rttlcrford.J Gregory, D Dunn, W ¡J Gordon, R C Bond FKI 2 norfolk, for Loi don Passengers-Baloon Mrs Al .\ai.der Brock Mrs B own, Miss Su iib, Miss II el nu, Dr llotbfull Mr latt mil Mr O I Loth biidee eid 10 b the li ird cabin ai d steerage IPI 14 Vtlmrrera, for loi ^n 1 assei gera-saloon Mcsra Vin 1 arlie t M Mi re, Hy Cockrum intermed uto Mee is UiebardLelcl or, ai d lilus Aitken I LB 10 Son crselsl re for Loi d u. Passengers-Baloon Mr ard Mrs K1 ¡,scoto MasterR lort i M Kindee I iii Der ort Kingecoto infant and nurso Mr Wllllmn M Herron Mrs hi 11 orson Miss M Phor ton Miss Helen M Dborson Mi"a Emily M'Phorson Mica Anderson, Misa Hovvarl und servant, tho v. cry Rev Dean of Sydnoy and laly, Rov Jeln Oral am ard Mrs G ni am, Mrs J rues Orkney Miss Ma ion Bei tin Míe Lo gin au Mr ai I MIB It J G1 man. Jin , Miss Amy Uliman Maitor Filia Gilman, li font, anil Ecrvant, Mr and Mni Livlif,, MIBS COI utuuco Living, Miss Harriet Llvi g, MissGci ovlevo Living and governess, Mrs Blackall, Mrs M'lvty Mr aid Mrs lr-mcia Collins MlBr Colline, Mrs. Vi Ullarri Waghorno, Mrs. milln, Hr and Mrs. E J Mills, and Mis« Al leo Mills, Mrs. Bernard, Major Paaley, Mrs Peesloy, Miss Mary ani Master Maitland Pasley, Misses Nancy and Minna Pasley, Masters Montagu, Edward, Henry, and Clinton lesley, and Miss Florence Pasley and servant, Mrs Dalton and Bon ant, Rev Robert Suthor land, Mrs. Holt, Mcssra Georgo Busman, Charles M Rorio, W n Taylor, Andrew Loughnan, W A. Tobin, M M'Lcan, R. W Nopthlne, James M'Evoy, William Child, William Macalister, J Robinson, D R. Gardiner, Charles Soutar, Dr Jamca Boyd, John S Peachey, H St- John Wood, Master Herbert Bates, Dr Dryland , and 170 in tho second and third cabins and Btccrago FED l8 Loch 1\CB9, for London Passengers-saloon ' Mr John Liney, Mr L J Sainsbury, Misa 8elnsbitry, Master Bali ebury, Mr and Mrs Wright, Misa Wright, and 10 in the second cabin ILE. 10 Sobraon, for London -Passengers-cabin ' Mr Alex. Smith, Misa Juno M'Kay, Miss Katu Reeve, Misa Downian, Mrs Francis E. Jones Misa Jano S Farlo, Mies K M Fario, Mr James nardy, Mr William Anttia, Mr and Mrs. William M Culloch, Master Samuel M'Culloch, Master Colin M Culloch, Miss Annie M Culloch, Miss Ellen M Culloch, Mies Cathcnno M Culloch, Mrs. Elraalie and Fen ant, Mr mid Mra Houry Oaborno, Miss Oborlotto Osborne, Mrs Gellibrand, Miss Annie Gold brand, Miss Selina Gellibrand, Miss Mary Gellibrand Muster Thomas Gellibrand, Master Waltor Gellibrand, Master John Gellibrand, Master-Blake Gellibrand, Mrs John Slater and s rvant, Mr G F Bull, Mr. Michael D Archy, Mr J II Parsons, Mr JamcsSwann, Mr and Mrs, F P Steicus, Mr aud Mrs G W Booker, Mr and Mrs Heath, Mr and Mrs. John Meeson, Mies Dora Meeson, Misa Amy Meeson, Misa Ruth Meeson, Miss Kato Meeson and servant, Misa E. A Jarvis, Mrs S Orme, Mr Joalah Balnea, Mr P F Comber, Miss A Groy, Rev J F Horsley, Mr Matthew Welsh, Mrs P Brown, Miss W Brown, Mr William Carmichael, Mr Ernest Excoll, Mr E. B Pearce, Mr Charles Waddington, Mr Alfred Wad- dington, Mr. J c Blizzard, Miss E. Giblin, Mr J Mnttlnson, Mr A E Asli Mr T J Bolssior, Mr A S Bone,Mr B Allon, Mr W J Oreen, and 42in tho second cabin. Dr Ling, surgeon GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tile following are tho ships taking gold which have Bailed from this port Blnco tho publication of our last Summary, together with the quantities and des- tinations - Ttoto I of Ship Sailing Destination. Ounces, 61,03 J _I 10 The total amount of gold exported from the colony slnce the beginning of the year has been 51,208oz , of which 03Soz WOB transhipped from New Zealand During the corresponding period of last year the entire quantity exported was 77 555 oz., and of this total 21,737oz was from New Zealand 