ENGLISH MISCELLANY. i Her Majesty Queen Victoria is expected at Coburg on a visit on the 10th of April, and will reside at the palace of the Duke of Edinburgh. Her Majesty intends proceeding to Baden Baden The Australian and New Zealand made via San Francisco, were delivered in London on January 16 Those tied Brindisi were received on January 17. The Post Office authorities notify that the number of letters, are, reaching the chief office in London on Christmas Eve was so unprecedented that, although the whole of the available force of the office was on duty it was found to be quite impossible to sort all the letters etc, in time for despatch by the night mail trains, and that many of the bags received from other offices could not even be opened Among the letters which suffered detention there were many for the Mediterranean, India, China, and Australia, via Brindisi. Although extra mails were despatched to Australia on the evening of January 7, and the letters for China were sent by the French packet on December 31, several correspondents complain (and justly) that the delay will be productive of great inconvenience. Latest telegraphic advices to the British Executive from their local representative at Philadelphia, state that the machinery building is completely finished, and that any fears which might have been entertained as to the possible completion of the industrial hall within the period fixed by the American Executive have been set at rest The last official despatches received at the Admiralty from the late Commodore Good- enough were reports upon the abominable traffic in South Sea Islanders, with details of the means about to be adopted, and the favourable results of operations already used, to suppress the evil The will, dated September 1871, of Commodore Goodenough, has been proved by Lieut-Col Robert William Hamilton, and Lieut Col William Howie; Goodenough, his brother, the acting executors, under £4,000 The Admiralty have not yet abandoned all hopes of raising the Vanguard, or Miner of having it raised The advertisement which was issued on December 6, inviting tenders for the execution of this very difficult feat is still appearing in the papers The conditions are somewhat stringent, and are not very likely to attract many competitors 1 Fifteen guineas premium has been paid at Lloyd's on the Blairgowrie, from Canterbury, now considerably overdue Perier, the French sailor who spent 17 years with the Australian natives has just returned to his native place, St Gilles and was enthusiastically received by his parents and the inhabitants The manager of a Radical paper in Paris has just been tried on the odd charge of being drunk and disorderly The police availed themselves of the opportunity to search his pockets, in which they found several letters from Henri Rochefort, from which it appears that as soon as the state of siege is removed a new journal will be started, which the author of the Lanterns will edit from Geneva In one of these letters Rochefort states that he is in constant communication with the Heuegovinian in- surgents. The Russian Government has submitted to the other Governments a proposal for the adoption of international postage stamps, which are to pass current alike in all countries. Germany, it is reported in Washington, is anxious to get a naval station in the West Indies, and is negotiating for the Danish island of St, Thomas. An address has been issued by If. Victor Hugo to the senatorial delegates for Paris and France, in which he asks them to found a democracy which shall end foreign war by arbitration, civil war by amnesty, and du trees by education. The revenge which. France meditates, he says, is to establish pacifically the liberty of all peoples, and he calls upon them to make the republic a desirable one-a republic of liberty and light Dr. Featherston, agent-general for New Zealand, writes to The Times as follows - ' You publish in The 1 press, paragraph taken from the Melbourne Argus, in which it is stated that the City of Auckland recently arrived at Auckland with immigrants and that among her cargo were 25 tons of powder. I think it right to inform you that the City of Auckland was not an emigrant ship that 15, it did not convey emigrants sent out by me on behalf of the Government of New Zealand. It will, no doubt, be satisfactory to those of your readers who have friends proceeding to that colony by vessels containing Government emigrants to know that it is provided in the charter party under which the ships are engaged, that no gunpowder or any other commodity likely to be detrimental to the safety or health of the passengers shall be taken as cargo or otherwise,' and that this provision is strictly enforced by me." It seems that Thomas s idea of causing an explosion by means of clockwork was not a new one. The MecUenburgisclte Anzeiger has received the following communication In the spring of 1645 the Swedish fleet lay in the harbour of Wismar The Master General of the Ordnance, Karl Gustav Wransel, was to make the passage to Sweden on board the Lion, and Admiral Blume on board the Dragon. Somebody wished to send off two chests, one by each of the two vessels. When the cheers were shipped the one to be sent in the Admirals ship stood already near the powder magazines noise was observed in the chests as from clockwork. It was opened, and a mechanism in the shape of clockwork was found connected with a fire steel and a flint-stone, and beneath them powder, pitch, Sulphur ice The shipper of the chess, a certain Hans Brevet of Earth, pretended to have received the chests from three citizens of Lubeck, and was reported to have been won over by a Danish factor at Lubeck, He was executed on July 5 " M de Lesseps was recently presented with an address by the English speaking passengers on board the steamer in which he went to Egypt It congratulated him on the success which had attended his great undertaking and also on the step just taken by the British Government in becoming part proprietor of the Suez Canal. M. de Lesseps, in his reply, said that he had always looked upon the canal as a work which, while doing special honour to France, would advance the interests of civilisation, and put an end to the political rivalry of France and England in Egypt. His wishes had now been realised __________________ 