THE MONTH. During the month the operation of the '" iron hand' by which is meant a new stand- ing-order which enables a question to be put without further debate, has had the effect, when applied, to get the business of the House transacted. The Opposition, how- ever, have not relaxed in their attempts to endeavour to prove that the House is too de- moralised to legislate. For their purpose they used an excitable, irascible member, named James M'Kean. He was put up to disturb debates by loud interjections and dis- obedience to the Chairman of Committees and the Speaker. The silly fellow, trading upon his character for semi-imbecility, thought the House would give him as much latitude as a motley fool, but in this he was mistaken. On a motion carried by a large majority he was arrested by the Sergeant-at- Arrns, and detained in custody for several days. At length a written apology was tendered, and it was moved he be discharged on payment of the fees. An amendment was moved that he be discharged without such payment. This was carried by a majority of one ; but a discussion arose as to how far this amendment could have force, seeing that by a previous resolution of the House it had been determined that he should pay the fees if discharged. While the discussion was progresring, some of Mr M'Kean's friends persuaded the messenger who was guarding him that the motion for his discharge had been carried, and bamboozled the messenger to let the prisoner go, and he did. The Speaker announced to the House that Mr M'Kean had been liberated without the au- thority of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and the messenger was suspended. The Sergeant- at-Arms sent to Mr M'Kean, asking him to return to the custody from which he had been illegally released; but that gentleman was not to be caught by such an appeal to his honour, and so the unfortunate messenger pays the penalty of taking the word of cer- tain members of Parliament. During the early part of the month the House was en- gaged in discussing the financial proposals of Sir James M'Culloch, involvings Land, House and Income Tax. In deference to the views and wishes of members on both sides of the Speaker, the House Tax has been with- drawn, and by a large majority resolutions approving of a Land and Income Tax have been affirmed. It will be observed that this still maintains the principle Sir Jame's M'Culloch took office to sustain, namely, all round taxation as against a proposed scheme of class taxation. Besides, it was most de- sirable to catch absentees in the revenue-net, and this also does it. All land, whether built on or not, will now be taxed from L80 annual value, and upwards; and the income derived from houses will merge into the In- come Tax, which is still for L500j and up- wards. The debate on this change will come on to-night, and it is hoped that short work will be made of it, for it is desifable that the House go into recess at the end of this month, so that the Government may have an opportunity for maturing those schemes of retrenchment they have in contemplation. The exodus to New South Wales is causing anxiety ; and in order to ensure the pros- perity of the country means must be taken to increase our population from without, so as to multiply the necessities for labour. A Public Health Bill is passing through Par- liament, which, it is hoped, will prevent the undue spread of contagious and infectious diseases. A Bank-note Tax Bill has passed its second reading. The withdrawal of State aid to religion, of which this year is the first of its operation, is already beginning to be felt. From every side the cry is going up for money, and as many of those who regularly attend church were never cheerful givers, they can readily find excuse for not contributing more than they formerly did. But it needs not to go far to find good reason for carefulness in this kind of well doing. The first is that the general depression which weighs on the colony causes a tightness in purses which were once more liberally used, and the State, by abolishing religious education in Schools, has affirmed that religion is alto- gether subsidiary to secular interests. It is not for us to argue the matter now. But in this sceptical age vantage ground has most undoubt- edly been given to the sceptical. The Roman Catholic community desirous of maintaining a good conscience, void of offence, are as far as possible maintaining schools where the children of the faithful are educated and religious in- struction forms a feature of the curriculum. Whether or not that community will be able to continue this policy remains to be seen. It is, however, lamentable that while one shepherd is acknowledged thereare so many plaids. Re- ligion would not be an expensive luxury if all could agree to worship together, instead of money being wasted and frittered, away in all sorts of buildings, one temple in a township, open at all hours, whether by night or day, would give opportunity to all to go up and pray. Instead of this the list of denominations increase, and the State could see no way out of the dilemma other than by ignoring religion altogether.— The Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Thorn- ton, is exhibiting a commendable degree of energy in getting his now diocese into working order. Although the right rev. gentleman has has only been seven months in the colony, he has already held two sessions of the Ballarat Church Assembly, and done a great deal to- wards providing the necessary machinery for the conduct of affairs. There are one or two points in connection with the meeting which has just terminated which we think are deserv- ing notice. A rule has been laid down " that L300 per annum without a house, and L250 per annum with a house, should be regarded as the minimum stipend which a clergyman in charge of a parish should receive." Fixing a mini- mum rate of remuneration which all parishes must pay which desire the services of an or- dained minister is a sound principle, and, if the rule laid down be strictly adhered to, will, no doubt, be productive of much practical good. — Special services were held in the Wesleyan Church, Barker-street, conducted by the Rev. Mr Dyson, of Kyneton. Large congregations assembled both morning and evening, and listened attentively to the impressive discourses of that able preacher. — The Wesleyans of Chew- ton held their Sunday-school anniversary ; the Rev. G. Daniel preached in the morning, and Mr Hobbs in the evening to crowded congrega- tions. The children sang some choice pieces, under the superintendence of Mr Bennett, who deserves great praise. Wesley College main- tains the high position which it has for some years held in the honour lists. Of the entrance exhibitions, all three prizes have again fallen to the college. Professor Irving, who assumed the headship of the college in 1871, and re- signed at the end of last year, and his succes- sor, Professor Andrew, who worked under Mr Irving for the three years previous to his resignation, may well be congratulated on the result of their labours. Of the three entrance exhibitions, Wesley College gained in 1872 the classical and English ; in 1873 the mathemati- cal and English ; in 1874 the classical and English ; in 1875 and 1876 the whole three, olassical, mathematical, and English.— The services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church Sabbath School took place in the chapel, Lyttleton-street, and were con- ducted—in the morning by the pastor, the Rev. J.T. Kearns, and in the afternoon and evening by Mrs Harvey. The anniversary was brought to a close by a public meeting, at which addresses were delivered by Mrs Harvey, Rev. J. T. Kearns, and other friends. — A picnic and sale of gifts in aid of the Primitive Methodist circuit fund was held on the Campbell's Creek Recreation Reserve. The Church of England purposes to hold a sale of gifts to increase the funds of the Church. The friends of the Rev. J. Warr, late reader at Guildford, Newstead and Muckleford, are grieved to learn that he is no more. Mr J. A. James, of Barker-street, received a telegram from Gladstone, Queens- land, informing him that the gentleman referred to died there. All who knew the rev. gentle- man feel keenly the loss the district to which he removed has sustained, as a more affable, open hearted, or disinterested Christian- could scarcely exist. — The fifteenth anniversary of of the Congregational Church was held and brought to a conclusion by a tea and public meeting of the members and friends of the church. The chair was occupied by the pastor of the church, the Rev. E. Day. On the plat- form were the Revs. B. M'Cay, W. Allen, and F. L. Wilson, who delivered the anniversary ser- mons. — The anniversary of the Bible Christian Sabbath School was observed, when sermons were preached by the Rev. G. Teague, and Mrs Harvey. A complimentary concert was given to Miss Baker by the members of the Congregational Choir, as a slight acknowledgment of her valu- able aid in conducting the musical services of that church. A liberal programme was prepared, and a very large number of tickets taken up. The Rev. Mr Strang "the evangelist" is on a visit to the district, and has been preaching in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute and the Rechabite Hall. The usual quarterly social tea meeting of the members and friends of the Baptist Church, Templeton-street, was held, and several capital addresses were delivered by rev. gentlemen from Kyneton and elsewhere; The chair was, owing to the unavoidable absence of the pastor, Rev. H. S. Cramer, occupied by Mr M'Clelland, one of the deacons. During the proceedings the choir, under the leadership of Miss Crump, sang. The ohairman expressed his pleasure in presenting to Mrs Cramer, on behalf of the members of the church, a purse of sovereigns, as a small mark of esteem and goodwill. The members of the Loyal Chewton Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., held, their anniversary by meeting and going in procession, headed by the Volunteer Band. In this order they wended their way to the recreation reserve, accompanied by a host of friends, and on arrival at the tryst- ing ground, a variety of sports and games were initiated and heartily joined in by all who could. At a recent examination of candidates held at the Associated Training School, Castle- maine, the following who were prepared in the school passed successful, viz., for license to teach, Mr J. Coombs, Miss Morton, Miss M'Donald, Miss Randall, and Miss M. William- son. Pupil teachers for promotion— Miss Ren- nie 1st class ; Miss Emery, 2nd class ; Miss Hollands, 2nd class ; Miss Brown, 2nd class ; Mr Betheras, 2nd class. The last two passed also for the third class, thus doing two classes at once. This being the first year of the new school as a training institution, the results as given above must be considered as highly satis- factory. The summer is proving a severe one. Not that the heat is so intense as it sometimes is at this season of the year, but there has been a long and disastrous drought. This district has especially suffered. Melbourne and Bal- larat have had relief by a shower, but here the thirsting earth burnt to blackness, waits, as yet in vain, for refreshing from above. Happily the nights are cool or life would be almost in- tolerable. The harvest returns for the past year have been favourable, and the proprietors of the threshing machines state that the average number of bushels of wheat per acre in the Northern districts, including Rochester, Runny- mede, and Echuca, is about 20 ; while Muckle- ford does not exceed more than 15 bushels. Some of our Muckleford farms have yielded well. Mr Rodda had 28 bushels of wheat per acre, and 36 of barley. In many cases in Bun- garee, Ballarat, the splendid crop of peas this season has been the mainstay of the farmers where the wheat has failed to a great extent. Very few yields are under 40 bushels per acre, and in some instances the crop has given be- tween 60 and 70 bushels. At Inglewood the farmers have finished threshing, and are now turning their attention towards making pre- parations for next year's crop. The result of the threshing is to show that on the whole the yield from the Inglewood and Loddon districts, taken right through, have never before been equalled. To say that the average of wheat has been 20 bushels per acre would not be by any means outside the mark ; that is about 4 bushels per acre more than the returns of last season, whioh was an exceptionally good one. The average of barley and oats has also been extremely good. Every nook and corner on the farms that is possessed of a roof is filled to overflowing with the produce of this year. The good results of last season's operations are mak- ing themselves apparent in the purchase of ad- ditional agricultural implements and machinery, and occasionally of light vehicles with which to more readily communicate with the town, and the erection of brick houses in place of previous slab or log habitations. An extraordinary yield of hay has also been obtained in the district. Mr Klein, of Bulabul Creek, has one stack con- taining 245 tons besides several smaller ones; a total insurance on which of L1000 has been ef- fected. The same good news of the results of the harvest comes from other parts of the colony. But now that the harvesting operations are over in Victoria, we may expect to see caravans of families making their way across the Murray, and taking up selections in Riverina. But this we have referred to elsewhere. The dry weather has very much injured the grape crops. In the Geelong district little or no wine will be made, as there is hardly sufficient for table purposes. Almost the only exception is the vineyard of King and Sons, Fyansford, where there is a fair crop. At Albury, early varieties are now beginning to ripen fast, and already samples of ripe grapes have made their appearance in the fruiter's shops. The vintage will not, however, commence for at least three weeks yet, and possibly may be even a week later. The crop generally is a good one, and promises to be nearly equal to that of last year. Thanks to the prompt application of the sulphur cure the spread of oidium, which made its ap- pearance in the commencement of the season, was promptly checked, and, although traces of the decease are even yet plainly visible on many varieties, neither the yield nor the quality of the must will be affected by the attack. Per- haps the freest bearers this year are the Schiraz, Reisling, and Aucarot, although all sorts pro- mise well. At the Murray Valley Vineyard active preparations are being made for the vin- tage. This vineyard is to be increased next season by the planting of some 50 or 60 acres more with Carbinet, Reisling, and Aucarot." A very large export trade in butter, is being done by Messrs Phillips and Co., Ballarat. The butter is shipped to Sydney, from whence it is sent on to the Mauritius, Fiji, Batavia, and the home markets. The Chevalier Bruno, who some years ago was granted 5000 acres of land near Glengrowan, in the Wangaratta district, for sericultural purposes, proposes to establish a company, to be called the Italian and Victo- rian Sericultural Farm Company, to work the property. It is intended to form a vast planta- tion of mulberry and olive trees, and to pur- chase enough seed to start a large magnanerie. A new kind of agricultural implement, known as the American gang plough, is gaining in favour amongst the farmers of the Wimmera district. It is fitted with two shares, each of which turns over a breadth of 11 inches of mould in width. It is generally worked with three horses, but in some kinds of soil four are found necessary. It is thought by those who have tried it that a greater quantity of ground can be worked, and more economically, than with the ordinary ploughs now in use. Mr Clarke of Sunbury, intends trying steam ploughs on his estate. Steam was got up for the first time at the Warrnambool Woollen Factory.; The result was very satisfactory, the whole of the machinery working well. It is expected that steam will be got up in the Castlemaine factory in the course of a few weeks. Regula- lations concerning the premiums offered by Go- vernment for beet-root sugar, flax, and silk, and a mechanical reaper and binder, are pub- lished. The total amount of the vote for these purposes is, L5,000 which will be divided as follows : — Beet-root sugar, L2,000 ; flax mill, L200 ; flax harvesting machinery, L150 ; culti- vation of mulberry trees and production of silk, L300; invention and manufacture of a mechanical reaper and binder, L1,000. The balance of the vote is to be made available for expenses con- nected with the experimental cultivation in various districts of cereals and other farm crops. In Queensland, says a correspondent, in place of having something like 10,000 tons of sugar for export this season, as was the reasonable es- timate of the production of the year, we have not produced enough for our own wants, and Queensland will be in the market as a buyer. There appears to be a great demand for labour, in New South Wales:—" The Earl of Dalhoiisie, an immigrant vessel, arrived at Sydney during the course of the week. She brought out 321 immigrants, which were classified as 58 single women, 39 married couples, 105 single men, and 86 children. The immigrants have not been in port a yeek yet, and with the exception of a few, they have all either obtained employment, or have been sent for by their friends. Our public and private works are nearly at a stand- still for want of labour, and it has been stated upon undeniable authority that 10,000 men could find ready employment on our railways alone. The Government purpose spending something like L2, 000, 000 in constructing public works— public works that they would commence immediately if they could get the men to con- struct them. There is an area of nearly 200,000,000 acres of public lands in New South Wales, two thirds of which are occupied by squatters on short leases, but all of which, ex- cepting public reserves, is open to free selec- tion." Thirteen-hundred acres in the Province of Napier, with twenty-six thousand sheep, have been sold to Messrs Joshua Brothers, of this colony, for L26,000. The general summary of the import, export, transhipment, and ship- ping returns, with the abstract of Customs re- venue for the year 1875, has just been issued. From the return it appears that the total value of the imports was L16, 685,873 19s 10d, the duties collected on which amounted to LI, 583, 551 18s 5d. The general exports amounted in value to L14, 766,974, and the ex- ports for drawback to L831,799, the amount paid on which was L79,058 9s 1d. The tran- shipments amounted to L4, 280, 798, including the items of gold coin, tin, copper, and wool transhipped from and to the mail steamers. Hares and rabbits have shown a wonderful 'ecundity since their introduction to the colony. At Ararat a great coursing season is looked for this year. Hares abound in all directions, ex- cept in the scrub, just outside the town; in deed, so plentiful are they becoming about Kiora, Chapman's, and Kalymna, that the land owners have begun to consider the necessity of reducing their numbers. A walk across a 320- acre paddook on the last day of the close season resulted in the putting up of 21 hares, and this without dogs. At Colac the rabbits may be seen on the rises as autumn leaves. A gentle- man who had occasion to pass over there in a buggy before the usual traffic had set in, saw them by the thousand. The prospects of the Meat Preserving Company this season, in con- sequence, are very bright. The West Bourke Agricultural Society's show was hold on the 2nd inst. and was attended by His Excellency the Governor, who made one of his usual felioitous speeches. The exhibits of horses and cattle were unusually successful. The entries of the former class were one hundred and forty-one, of cattle one hundred and fifteen, with fifty pens of sheep. The total entries number five hundred and three. The Governor also opened the Lancefield Show, and proposes doing the same for Baringhup. The committee of the Baringhup Show, and the Council of the Shire of Maldon have now completed all the arrange- ments for his reception. His Excellency will be received on his arrival here by the members of the Maldon Council and the Committee of the Show, and at once driven to Maldon in a carriage specially provided for the occasion. On arrival at Maldon a slight refection— by way of a champagne luncheon— will be indulged in, and the order of procession at once resumed to Baringhup. The fifteenth annual Show by the Newstead Agricultural Society was held in their show yards, and although not so well patronised either by exhibitors or the public as in former years, was one which reflected great credit on the district. The progress exhibited in several of the classes was very marked, thus showing the value of these institutions as an incentive to the farming community. The success of the Newstead Society is greatly owing to the onergy displayed be the committee and the Secretary, Mr Kirwan, who have each and all been untir- ing in their efforts to carry out the arrange- ments in a manner satisfactory to the public, to the exhibitors, and to the Society. ' Mining' in this district haB been much affected by tielaok of ' water. Only a favoqred few pu$ able to got a small supply through the domestic sorvicp pipes. In all other iospect3 alluvial | mining, excepting; perhaps,- the work of a score of Chinese in tho creek beds, is at a stand still. Several of the tradesmen in the town have joined together, under the. title of tho United Tradesmen, to try quartz reefing on tho subsist principle. They have taken possession of some old workings on the Town Reef, at tho part where it crosses Bull-street, and havo drivon into a tunnel wliioh lias long been deserted. To make a trial of the quartz which is in sight in great quantities, thoy had 20 tons taken out and crushed at the Devonshire machine, from which they obtained enough gold to pay expenses, and encouragement to continue opening the reef, the stone of which is apparently improving. There is a growing fooling that Mining Boardi have outlived their usefulness, and should bo abo; lished. The greatest farce ever perpetratod was the mining board election for the Maryborough district. At Chinaman's Flat, where 1000 miners reside, thirteen voted ! At Carisbrook two votes, and at the "White Hills three votes were recordsd ! These votes cost the country soveral pounds — L15 to L20 — for tho expensive machinery for carrying on a contested election was in full swing, although neither miner nor any ono else looked upon tho whole proceeding otherthfinas a burlesque. Theminingboardelec- tion, in which raemberswere elected forthoCastle- maino and Maldon divisions, brought out an unusually largo number of candidates. For the Oastlemaine division Messrs H. O. Rowe and Williams have boen re-elected ; and for Maldon Messrs Broughall and Haywood. The initial stept tor tho formation of a company to prospect for coal in the Warrnambool district have been taken by several gentlemen who aro strongly of opinion that coal is to be found there. Implements for boring have been ob tained, and a preliminary meeting of subscribers to the Warrnambool Coal Prospecting Company is advertised to elect provisional directors and to transact other business. Numerous experts are of opinion that the district is a likely one for coal. More than two tons of tin, taken from the Stanhope Company's mine, are to bo seen in M'Ewan and Co.'s establishment. The ore was smelted on the mine. A quantity of tin, about 50 tons, from the mines at Mount Bischoff, was brought by the s.s. Derwent on Wednesday from Launceston. Messrs Thompson and Co., of Barker-street, Castlemaino, have erected an iron foundry, in connection with their flour mills. Since opening this new branch of in dustry we are glad to say that they have been well patronised. Their thoroughly practical character, and their thorough knowledge of. the mysteries of the art of . turning irpn into articles for any kind of use, naturally -secures them a/ division of the profits to be derived from supply-; ing the requirements of the community in this/ direction. Messrs Russell and Co.'s extensive' engineering establishment at Sydney is closed, / in consequence of the action of tho labour/ .unions and the uncertainty of tho labour mar- ; lcet. " Some time ago four luoky miners in the ! Bright district, who up to that time had not/ been particularly fortunate in their pursuit after- gold, discovered a reef which they christened the London. A very short time served to prove; that the claim was one of immense richness, and; up to 'their last crushing the four men had netted; some L27,000. This had a terrible effect upon1 one of them named Brown, who went to Mel bourne, and at once plunged into dissipation. He drank heavily, frequently, we are informed, consuming three and even four' bottles of; brandy a day. The final result was that the than died a few days ago through' the effect of hi3 de-: baucli. Such, unhappily, is sometimes the effect of . those sudden reversals of fortune, which, formerly often, now very seldom, indeed occur-; A new rush lias taken place at Stoney Creek,; Talbot. A new lead of gold has been struck at; Green-hills, between Buninyong and Durham j Lead. The prospector, Youug, obtained 'be-/ tween 7oz and 8bz to the tub ot washdirt:"N'Ati Mount Rangitoto, Wellington, New" Zealand,! silver ore has been discovered. An assay gives; of one sample 735oz to tho ton, and 'of.. the' other 302oz. Great excitement exists, and the: land office has been rushed, six thousand acres: having been applied for by prospectors/ A digger obtained a hundred and fifty ounces of: gold in three weeks at Howly Creek, Port Dar-; win. At the Clogan G. M. Company, Dalgolley,/ Wales, a clean up of 6 owt 781b of quartz gave a bar of 79oz lOdwt of pure gold. The Long; Tunnel Co., Walhalla, for the month crushed; 1358 tons of quarts for 2502oz of; gold; At' Millchester, Queensland, a crushing of 42 tons' of quartz yielded 333oz,of gold., .".This following, are some of the principal yields. in/ : this /'.district' for the month :— May and Co. / 25oz ; , Low.'s/ Tribute, 61oz; Orowu -Tribute, 4oz ; To,wn' Reef, 9oz ; Defiance Co., llOoz ;. United King-| dom, 222oz; M'AUister Co.', 119oz!; Fen ton' Tributers, 143oz; Ooliban Consols, 143oz ; Ferron's Co., 155oz ; Ajax, 67oz ; ' William Tell/ 24oz ; Danish Slnicors, 40oz ; Gerdson and Co./ 15oz ; Burleson, 9oz ; Woolcock, 7oz ; Cardweli' and Exoell, 12oz '; Montgomery, "Hill Slniqing Co:/ 37oz ; North Eaglehawk United/ /276bz Eureka Consols, !5oz ; Eaglehawk United, ,175 oz ; .United Kingdom Extended, 132oz ; .; Cen tral Co., lOOoz ; Beehive Co., 31oz. - The cruah-/ ing from the Crown Cross Company/a. No... 2 claim, Stawell, gavo 1392oz lOidwt from"'nne thousand and forty-five tons. - The report, of the1 mining surveyors and registrars fbr the quarter ending 30th December, 1875, wera -laid on the table of the House. The total quantity of quartz crushed was 202,511 -tons, yielding 154,327oz , or an average of lldwt 19gr per ton; quartz tailings and pyrites, 6185 tons, yielding 1050oz, or an average of 3dwt 9.49 grains per ton; pyrites and blanketings,. 2296 tons, yield ing 6799oz, or an average Of '2oz lOdwt' 12/23gr: per ton. Tho total quantity of" waslvdi'rt puddled was 210,141 tons, yielding 10, 322oz, bl and average of 23.58gr per ton ; cement crushed,' 9289 tons, yielding 2417oz, or an' average of 5dwt 4.91gr per ton. Total yield' of gold for the quarter, 173,915 ounces. It has been decided' by the Minister of Minos to fit another prospecting party to search for a new-goldfield.. The country to be prospected by this party is between Oolac and Cape Otway, and as the dis trict is known to be rich in minerals, it is hoped that payable auriferous land will be dis covered. " .- - - Scarlet' fever has been very prevalent all over the colony, especially at Maryborough. Diph theria has also exhibited itself in one or two families in Castlemaino. From the former dis ease there has boen many deaths. — The Kew Asylum inquiry has brought out very bad eases of ill-treatment of patients, and a radical change in this kind of institution lias now been made a necessity. A serious accidont happened to a young man named Grubb, in the employ of Mr O Council, tailor. Grubb, with a young son of his omployer, had boon enjoying a practical joke which ended in the boy Q'Oonnell throwing a pair of soissora at Grubb, who roceivod thorn in his thigh. The femoral artery was pierced, and it was found, af tor several ineffectual attempts to stay tlio hoomorrhago, nooossary to amputate tho Jpg.. . ,He is now getting "on "well The J ir Society, under the conductorship of Mr King, gave n oonoortj whioh wfia very sucoossfnl, and exoeedod all previous efforts.— Mr-Formby had his left eye destroyed by the bursting of a soda-water bottle lie was corkin". An inquiry into the conduct of Mr. Brougli r111?.,,' Socretary of Minos, towards liis officials is still proceeding. Tho disclosures havo been vory extraordinary.— Tho number of deaths by drowning havo beon numerous, and there has also been aomo hair-breadth esoapos. — Tho Gas Co. declared a dividend of 5 per cent —It is proposed to sond a-Jiflo team to Philadelphia and Wimbledon. Tho( Government promised to put LI 000 on tho estimates, providing tho Pdblic subsenbe L1000 to defray the oostf— Mr John Qoopor, long 'obnnootod with tho iron mongery trade of this town and neighbourhood.' has opened an office; at 24 Collins/street west Melbourne, as hardware goods aont, Bofow leaving lie was entertainod by the oommittes ol the Meohanics' Instituto, with whioh he was connected from its first establishment. ' A testi- monial, in tho form of a warm address was also" presented to him.— A mooting of the Newstead Jockey Club was hold, when tho following gentlemen were appointod stewards for the noxt tivelvo months : — Messrs E. Sleo, Dr.: Rone R. Nicholson, E. Ellis, J. Holden, J. Sheehan' T. F. Ryan, J. Treaoy, R. Marks, R. . ROWo' D. Johnson, — Kirlc, T. J. Ryan, and A Kir wan. Messrs T. F. Ryan and T. J. Ryan' were appoined treasurer and secretary respec- tively.— A statement showing tho estimated population of Victoria at the close of 1875 was published.' The' total population is set down at 823,449, or 15,012 more than at the end of 1874. — Iii the list of successful candidates for promo'- tion in the "Volunteer force are three members the 1st Castlomaiue Rifles. Mr D. L. Henry has passed both examinations for subaltern and non-commissioned officer ; Messrs R. Glover and T. D. Lord have passed as non-commis sioned officers. — The strike among the brick- makers at Echuca is over. The men, to the nnmbor of about 50, had to rcsumo work on the old terras of tho masters, namely, 143 per thousand,- and 8s per day of 10 hours' work. The men instigating the strike refused to go back to work, and left the district. 