VICTORIAN DISCHARGED PRL SON FIRST AID SOCIETY. The monthly meeting of the general committee was held on Monday, the 8th inst, in tbesociety'soffi ces, Market-buildings, Collins street west, at which the following members were present-Messrs. Prince, Adamson, Morgan, Castieau, Chinn, Dickson, Cock, Hon. H. J. Wrixon, and the hon. secretary. Mr. Prince was in the chair. The executive reported upon 39 applications made to them during the past month, which had been dealt with in the following manner 9-8 applicants had been supplied with blankets and clothing, 3 with tools, G had been forwarded to their friends, 2 were recommended for admission to the Immigrants' Home, and 1 sent to employment One application was deferred, 8 refused, 2 applicants did not again appear after making application, and S received the money they had earned in prison, declining to place themselves under the care of the society. The action in each case, UB reported, was now confirmed. The agent reported that, in accordance with the regulations recently framed by the Government, appointing the society as the medium through which the gratuity earned by any per son or while in confinement shall be paid to him on his release, eight of such gratuities had been paid during the month. This officer further reported upon the present position and conduct of those under the care of the society. From this report it transpired that none had relapsed, but all were progressing satisfactorily. A large number of fresh applications were considered, but owing to the state of the funds great caution had to be exercised as to which of the applicant should be assisted. The committee regretted that, from a cause so easily remedied the usefulness of the society is limited to an extent which occasions much anxiety to them. They sincerely trusted that when the public learned the urgent need for contributions they would make a liberal and immediate response. The agent, who is also the collector, had been compelled, from the increase of his work in the former capacity, to devote less time than formerly to the duties of the latter office ; hence it was hoped that subscribers would not wait for a visit from him, but would kindly forward their contributions to the office. M. JOHANSEN, editor of the Flensburg Avis, and M. Most, the editor of the Dapper Post, have been sentenced to two months imprison- ment in a Prussian fortress, on account of articles claiming the return of North Sles wick to Denmark, while a teacher at a public school in Hadersleben has been dismissed because he had walked with his son, an officer in the Danish dragoons, in the streets of the town. A systematic attempt to slaughter and appropriate station cattle has (says the Colac Times) been brought to light on Mr. John Calvert's run, Irrewarra. The matter was accidentally discovered by Mr. John Headley, the manager of the station. He was taking his rounds on the Turkish part of the property on Sunday, the 7th inst, when be discovered the dead body of a young Durham cow lying in a pool of blood. He examined the animal, and found that it had been struck in the forehead by a spent revolver bullet and afterwards pied. The ball seems to have brought the cow to the ground, but she appears to have recovered herself, staggered about 12 yards further on, where she was most skilfully pithed by somebody It is imagined from the manner in which the animal was killed that somebody skilled in the slaughtering trade has been the culprit, and it is thought that the beast was killed for its meat, but that the miscreants were disturbed before they accomplished their task. Whether this is the first beast that they have tried their hands on is not known, for as there are about 400 head of cattle in the same paddock it would be hard to discover any diminution in their number. Mr. Calvert offers a reward of £100 for the conviction of the offender. 