NEWS AND NOTES. An accident occurred upon the railway line to Ararat on Wednesday, that was reported to be of a somewhat serious character. Somewhere about noun a number of men engaged in repairing the line were coming down the incline to'.the first gate, about eight miles this’side of Ararat,'upon,, a trolly. ,The'wife of a line repairer, who has charge of the gate 1 in'question/ either failing to notice the swiftly advancing truck, dr endeavoring’ to open the gates to. allow it-free. passage/was standing','at the' gates when the; trolly dashed, through; smashing the’gates and throwing the woman down and'injuring her severely. Tt' was' at first stated that her legs had been broken, but this was not correct, although the precise injuries she Has sustained are not known. The woman refused to be taken to the Ballarat Hospital, .and, was removed, to her'own home.' '• ' : ' V , ; . A correspondent writes :—“lt is a fact, and an un doubted one, let philologists explain it as .they will, that the most intemperate members of the Legislative Assembly are those who profess, and no doubt practise, - the principles of teetotalism. The. rowdy element in the House, almost exclusively, are the M‘Keans, Monros, Longmores; and Gaunsons/ and strange to say, these are all professed teetotallers. The rough, uncouth language of Munro, accompanied with wild gesticulations and book-thumping, evinces a great want of discretion, and reminds one of ‘ the shrill, discordant notes of a bagpipes out of tune.’ is no better. Like the proverbial Irishman, he is for ever trailing his coat behind him,- whilst a sar- donic grin overspreads his countenance, remind- ing one of the epigrammatic expression ‘the loud, hoarse laugh that denotes the vacant mind.’ M'Kean, like a second Jack-in-the-box,' is eternally on his feet, like an overgrown schoolboy, ejaculating ‘Mr Speaker,’ and some fears are expressed for his sanity, owing to the fact that a few years ago he had a fall from a horse in Bourke street which 'damaged his cranium. The inevitable, and gushing Gaunson is the embodiment of frivolity, and when ‘off the chain’ it is difficult to tell when his ‘barking ’ will end. As for the transaction of the business of the country, none of the members referred to has the slightest idea of any such thing. Their personality Is everything, and the country nothing. It is felt that these men and their abettors are striking a fatal blow at democratic institutions in Victoria, and that the finger of scorn all the world over will be pointed at us for our tomfoolery and ‘ stone- wall ’ obstructive ness. Payment of members,'owing to the conduct' of these men, is already doomed.” | A case of sunstroke' occur fed’ in Ballarat bh Sunday, l j the effects of whieb.arB : serious. The circumstances of the case are somewhat peculiar, being, as follows:—Mr W.-M.-Wataon, brother to the solicitor ’of the sama'name! ’ waa’oHserved .to be'very erratic in His actions at home in'Sunday! evening; and.' after being -first noticed; beacon became worse, and medical aid was procured. It was at once seen that the sufferer was affected with a sunstroke, and for some time was ao violent as to need; the.strength of four persons to Hold him down., 'Pr’Jakins ia.attend ing the patient, who is still very ill, • ' There was no business' fbf transaction in the Warden’s Court on .Wednesday, y, • '■ ■ At therCity Police-court on Wednesday Mr, Gaunt,- P.M., presided, and dealt with several drunkards, John Ryan; waß. charged; with violently and maliciously: fhreateningto ,;take l _the'.life., of .Miry,/Burrell "bn Monday,., -The. prisoner /when.'.drunk, Imd/gona/tb 4 Burreli's Houap iq search , of hia. wife, and threatened, to! bring the, bbnso ffoiyn and. take the;former’s life,; Ha ,was ordered to find; a. aurefy ip_£2s; to keep -the peace for’ three months. Mary " Jam/ Jones,, a' neglected child, .who bad been found, wandering nt JJedan, was banded over to the care 'bt Hr Qrimbly, an hotelkeeper, her father, a patient-in the Hospital; being present,.pgii consenting to this course. - An. accident happened fa the engine drawing the morning train from Aieibourno 'fa Seelbhg on Wed nesday, whereby its arrival in Ballarat was delayed over an hour and a half beyond the . appointed .tiino. Just as the train was passing; the Werribee some of the gearing.'connected■ with' the eccentric rods;of the engine [an imported one) gave way, and brought the train to a standstill, The accident being temporarily remedied, the disabled .engine managed to pull; the train slowly to Geelong, and though' between that, town and Ballarat all speed was, rpajo tp make fjp for. lost time the train was, os we have said, considerably behind time. . ~, Instructions have been received to close the Barkly street school in consequence of :the • prevalence'.of, ;scarlet'fever; Two’-children .have! duringtho week died of thadujease. We /are informed that the. build ings remain in the same state gs described by our report, some time since, and are totally unfit fofe.-&hooljpdr-; I poses. One member of Mr Dimsey’s family is suffer ing- from the malady, bat every precaution has been rtakett\ spread.‘of the disease. £.We attendance at fallen off greatly on account of the extreme wretohe'd ness of,the building, which causes.a loas/of over £lOO ■per 'annum to - the head-'inasteVyr'and a proportionate 5 sum to the second; teacher? . \, s Pit . bf '£loo has been ma'de Ballarat Hospital by Mr W. J. Clarke, who is already a life _gnveriior _of the iustitution, and a special vote of thanks wis^assed’to'the "donor bjTthe odmmittee'on' Wednesday. The sum of £1 was also accepted with thanks from a working man, named Michael Meagher, whose son had been in the Hospital for nearly a week, Mr Levinson remarking that this man’s money was as much as and more than Mr Clarke’s £100, taking their positions into consideration. February was a very dry month compared .with those immediately preceding, the rainfall being only OT7 inches, whilst that of January was IT6 inches. The only two days on which rain fell in February were the eighth and tenth. : With the demon of infectious and contagious disease “running a muck” in the shape of scarlet fever through town, city, and suburbs; with that almost invariable addendum to a -dry and more than ordi narily prolific fruit season—English cholera —prevalent in our midst, it is not to be wondered at that the “rosy” time'has 1 coine’round for medical meh to'thrive and put on one or two extra frills. One or two well- known and established facts in connection with the origin and spread of diseases of the bowels, &c.;, may perhaps not be out of place, Our continental neighbors, speaking from an English point of view, have an old, well-worn, and well and truly tried adage in connec- with* fruit/eating;; which; it/would he 'well for Australians to remember. Wo cannot call to mind the original Spanish or Italian of the saying, but, translated into the vernacular;'it means—“ Fruit is gold in the morning, silver at noon, and lead at night.’’ If we observe the fruit-eating birds—parrots, cocka toos, or even the'horticulturist’s recently'imported and, so to speak, favorite foe, the English sparrow— we cannot but observe'that : he invariably pores bis fruit. He is never known to eat one particle of the rind. ; or. cuticle,;,or,- -partafoj, either pf- qoj-e,, pip's/ or other''reproductive principle/ " He simply’ confines his operations /to the;.: flashy and nutritive portion, eschewing all others. If human beiugs would profit,hy the lesson and example of. the feathered race, heads wouhTbe hotter, and bowels no worse; • i The correspondent of the Ballarat East Board of Advice informs us that he has written to tho Educa tion Department; till he is 'tired irespeoting-'the traps; fpr life that are permitted to exist round about the' walls of the Brown Hill State. School. What is Mr James, M.L.A, about as a'member for that district, a zealous.secularist and.an oppositionist, that he does. riot'ask'Mr Ramsay or somebody a question about this disgraceful business ? ....... , , i Our Smythesdale correspondent writes : “A lecture, was-.given in .the,Wasloyan. Chapel, jSmythes-. dale,'‘on Tuesday evening, by'the'Rev. J/ Hi' Tuckfield, on ‘The .Life and,Works . of the Re vivalists, Messrs' Moody- and" Sankey.’ The chapel was crowded with a pleased and appreciative audience. The lecture was interspersed with songs and selec tions of music by Miss Spivey and the reverend lecturer. Afterwards, a collection Was made in behalf of the Sunday-school.” i Tho ordinary fortnightly meeting ot the Bunihyong Borough Council was held on Tuesday evening last; i Mpypr/jCrs: Allan, .Hedrick,* J Fpwfef, - Bennie, Caffrey, and Sparling. Only two letters were mad. The first was from,the shire of Hampden, ask ing the council to co- operate' with them in getting a Tire Statute ; passed -through Parliament.—lt was de? cided'to give eriify assistance, and ask the'representa tives for Grenville to cooperate ,iu';the matter. The other communication was from ths Electoral Reform Conference, Majorca,., intimating that ia conference would be held at* Melbourne on' the 4th April.— Consideration postponed tilL-next meeting. -j The sur veyor stated that 25b yards “more of 'hlnestorie metal was required. Councillor Allan moved that the pre sent contractor (Hoaok) be allowed to take up the 250 yards at the same price as his last contract, namely, 5s Id per yard. Seconded by Councillor Sparling.. Councillor .Fowler moyed, an amendment,, that; tenders’, be called! fOr the, metal. 1 ! Seconded' by < Councillor Caffrey, who made some very uncalled-for remarks, stating that three persons told him in his shop that they could do^it/cheaper than Houck, but they expected Houck would get tho 250 yards, as Councillor Hedrick had an interest in Houck's con tract. CouncillorHedriokindignantly denied the charge, and characterised the conduct of Councillor Caffrey as most ungentlemanly, and that hehadno right to bring , the gossip of bis shop to the council table, unless he had; goddofouhdktioaythat, the/same-was.true//; Tha mayor remarked that the council had hitherto too much of ‘‘Councillor Caffrey and his smiddy.”: Other councillors, were of tha.same ppinion r ahd demanded, the names., of . the-persons who had, slandered Cpunß oillor. Hedrick. Councillor.. Caffrey, after a good deal of hesitation, gave the uaines of two—Field and R;d fern—but said; he could not recollect the name of,the third person.' Councillor Sparling moved—“ That the persons; named, be. requested to ; at.tend at the next, council, meeting, and give an, explanation.” Seconded by Councillor Rennie, and carried." It ; was,,then de cided-that tenderashpuld be called for the’metal. ; t Mr Sheppard;was in attendance, ,and offered his- pipes for £6O, there being about 2000 feet of them laid down. The surveyor said that at present the pipes would only give; a, supply o£i6ooo gallons in 24 hours: .It was eventually resolved that the question be fully dis cussed; at next meeting;' - On the question of tarred footpaths being considered,Councillor; Sparling moved —“That.it be, postponed /for .sixmonths.” Seconded by Councillor Cafirey. An amendment was moved by Councillor Fowler—“ That the footpath from Hussey’s corner to Inglia street be tarred the full width, provided the householders pay one-half the cost.” Seconded by Councillor Rennie, and carried. The application of the fire brigade for a loan of £5O to : enable them . to .purchase a large engine was, post poned fir three months' Tt was 'resolved to’ maker a' portion .-pfj Bimpspn.atreet. nearrMr W.,Clarke’s resi dence.' Accounts to the amouht'of £67 17s Sd were passed Tor payment, and the council rose. ;; y ,y The forthcoming great fire brigade demonstration is to be held in Russell -square,'opposite the Orphan Asylum. As we indicated on Friday there has been considerable, difficulty In obtaining a suitable' site/thut ,■ it is now thought that a,very good choice has been made. The ground ’ia ■ capacious, capable of holding many thousands of people, it is not far distant from the centre of city' and town, and the ground-is 'of'a' gently sloping nature,so as to afford spectators a good view, and to allow the water that will be spilt in thousands' of- 'gallons W run'off. A committee : hiis been appointed to report as' to- the formation of a running ground and 1 'other details;/ An- additional advantage in the eyes of • the ■ committee is the fact that the locality is- barren of -hotels; T and- probably a high price will be realised for the booths. ; Our Smythesdale correspondent writes : “A special meeting of the Smythesdale Borough Council was held on Tuesday evening, to consider the desir ability of dealing with a sanitary appointment. The mayor and'Councillors Jordan.'-Mosley, Keith; and Liston were present. It was decided on the motion offCounoillor Jbrdan to invito applications for persons willing to fill the office. Councillor ’Mosley gave an instance ’ of a- 'place where ■ r a great- nuisance existed, i and it was resolved to enquire; into' the matter at once.”'- ■ ■' //..i ; 1 ; Mr,Scott, J.P., cleared the charge-sheet at the,Town Police-court oh Wednesday. . Several*women'accused of drunkenness .were’ dealt .with.; • Two of these were fined "ss‘ each; and Annie Morrison;who had actedih ’ a disorderly manner, ’ was sent to gaol forty-eight hours. 'Margaret‘‘Darragh, an old offender, was' similarly punished A very .excellent, and withal cheap,, bi-weekly enter tainment is provided for the loyal citizens, resident in the neighborhood of- No. 33 State school, Doveton street.’ Oh the-mornings of-Monday,and;Wednesday in.,each week at 9'a.m.; the scholars.gre mustered. for drill. This drill consists not only in the full routine of “ extension motions," os per Education Act, being gone through, but a regularly enforced military disci pline in marching, counter-marching," and, as nearly as may be, the full discipline of a soldier. The com panies are in respects well pffieered .and appear to enjoy the’ exercise,' while,'at- the same time,-it pro motes discipline and a unity of action as well as of thought and feeling! that might’eventually ha not only.of .service to. themselves, but .to their Queen and country;-I ’/l/A!.: ; Our old acquaintance, ..the one- armed. Peter Tong, has turned up again at Maryborough,'and has been rotaantlE(lr,for,.n, week. .The; Advqrtisfr .pays :.r-?‘ It has been"'his habit’to represent'himself as '‘lately having met with an accident, causing the loss of an arm,’ when the fact is that he lust that limb years ago, and his statement that ho had a wife and a large family depending on him, iq equally untrue, for it appears that he spends the money he raises by bis im positions in-getting Beastly drunk and'disorderly, and leaves his family, for months at a! time to travel over the country with - a'subacript'ionJist' in aid of himself. He .recently went'tpfthe Bismarck claim-ahd/made a disturbance' 'there,-and ’from thecce' -he went to-Mr Soyssh pjgce at Norwood!- and'got £2 ’ 5a from the men there, which hi pt once spent in grog. At times this individual feigns lunacy,' ac 4 utters the most unearthly sounds, frightening everyone tyithin hearing.” Of the scarlet fever at Maryborough the Advertiser jays “ The -disease has generally ,; appeared . in a mild form, Bui in some instances the ’disease has been very virulent, carrying v[f its yictims in a few hours. It appears to be mors fatal amongej; boys tljau girls, and invariably. takes ;a severer form in-the cose of the former. It is’ noticeable that its severest attacks ate confined to the children of very poor parents." We learn from the' Argus that the grand annual gpesifin gf the Grand Council of the Protestant Al liance friendly gociely of Australasia assembled on Tuesdayat-noon, when-tbe ffran,d Hedge oncers were present and seventeen ’delegates, Grandmaster Baker was in the chair. The Grand Oouncil was opened with the usual formalities. Preliminary business being gone through, the executive report and financial balance-sheet end auditors’ report were discussed, and adopted. The salaries andAllowahces for the ensuing year were Used. Atsixp.m.'the meeting adjourned -till ten a.m. next morning.! It .-is the intention ' of the committee of the. Mechanics’ Institute,'we learn,/to'make arrangements ■ for antoxhibition and concerts or aeries of promenade co’ncerts during the winter; months in aid of the funds vofjthe.Jhatitutiontv Those” who;-remember similar affairs previously will'-be-glad to lehrn that arrange ments have been completed. . ' / ;A,_meetiug of the Irish Club '\yas„_beld .at.the.Club-, room (on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m., when the occupied the chair. After some ordinary routine business had been transacted, the balance sheet'and" auditor’s report were submitted 'and adopted, and some candidates nominated for election at the next meeting of the club. The meeting was adjourned to Wednesday next. A vote of thanks to themhair brought the meeting to a close. ■ ; , Wm. Edwards, a laboring.man, travelling by railway from Geelong to Buninyong East by the-6.30 aim. train on. Wednesday,. got into, trouble, through being unable to'show a ticket. He’ was' brought into Balla rat and lodged in the City lock-tip on a charge of hav. ing ,( refused to show or produce a ticket for his fare when demanded of him by a porter or a sarvant of the' Board bf Lind and Works duly authorised to collect tickets.” , ,- -, A meeting of the Australian Natives’ Association was held on Wednesday evening,'at. which there was a, very good attendance. After the usual routine busi- ! ness, including the election of the five gentlemen nominated at the last meeting, had been transacted, a-, very lively discussion took place on the relative merits of free-trade and protection, but owing to the lateness of the hour the debate had to be adjourned" j till the next meeting. It was reported that Mr John M‘Rio, one of the foundation rpemhora of the branch, , Was shout to leave for Western Australia, and the secretary was instructed to forward him a letter, ex pressing regret at his" withdrawal;’ and Acknowledging’ the services rendered by him to the branch. ‘ For many years all; work in the higher branches of* the upholsterer’s trade had to be sent to Melbourne to be done, but some time ago Mr Freising, of JJumf* fray' street BOUth,;com,mehcad general business, inolud-. jiog : theawaking or repairing of the" richest furniture." The success of : Mr Freising in’ his attempt to localise this branch of industry has been most-pronounced. Within the last few weeks .several, drawing-room sets, ’hew and repaired, have.been turned out of his.factory in a style which would do credit to'the'beat'eatablish tdent iu any city in the world. It is satisfactory to see industries of an artistic, character instituted, in pur .midst, and ’well . supported by'pur , more, 1 wealthy' citizens,' ' ’’ ■-•*•*- I '- ' The Rev, E; Johnaon Mercer, of St. John’s Church, delivered Wednesday evening’s 1 lecture in the course of special Lenten discourses in Christ Church. Bishop Thornton ■ was ‘present, : and l there- was' * a’-fairly numerous audience. The lecturer delivered an ex cellentl add’resa from J the text Jeremiah; Chajf. xxxii, v. 20—“ la Ephraimi my' deaf son? / Is ho a pleasant child ? ; ,Por ainco I.spako against him,’-:! do. earnestly remember .him still: therefore ,my” bowels -are troubled - fur, him. :: I. will surely have, mercy upon him; Baitli; chc Lord.” , The lecturer, was listeucd! tu with deep attention. ■ ■- ;:- ... We have received a’ good-sized vdlume'containing the spe'eohes of Mr Parkes, of New South Wales, 1 with an inttoduotioh’by Mr David’ Blair, : The apeeches'are oh various'subjects, from the policy of protection, to -the release of Gardiner,.but we must postpone a critical 'examination of them to some future time. ,-The'book is published by George Robertson, of Melbourne;- '": ; Our' Smjthesdale correspondent writes:—“Dr Thornton is announced to preach, in j3t John’s Church, Scarsdale, on Sunday, 19th March, and at the inoru : ing 'service is to hold a confirmation the following .evening a tea and public 'meeting isvto be held in the Town-hall.'. After the tea.addresses,are-to be delivered, And various musical, selections. given.” A; skittle match, which excited a, good deal of . inte rest came off on Wednesday night between the cham pion,of the Ballarat district; i Mr ,W. Smith,- and j Mr Vanninij ;tha; landlord ,of the ; City .. hotel, >;Lydiard street. The match, which was for. £lO a.side, was playpd in the,alley attached to the City, hotel, and a charge ,of .one shilling was , made for. admission; the ■proceeds;to ; ,be . given to the Orphan'Asylum. ..There were between 30 and AO persons present during .the evening. The champion gave Mr Vannini two chalks out of,twenty-one, and;the game all through was very close... , Play: was commenced , at, half-past.. eight; on Wednesday evening, and at about "half-past twelve this /morning - both players had .scored .twenty chalks each. -Mr .Vanniai then.got a. v “ floorer " in; ,the last “ horse," against which Mr Smith; only r.knooked down seven pins, thereby : losing the game.;- ,The {winner, at- the ! close of the game, was ■ warmly ap plauded. ; Another, matchis ; being arranged for between the two players. . . ; : The’ bazaar ■ in I aid .of the funds 'of 'St.' Patrick’s Church, i Stawell, was. opened - (says the •' News) ' on Tuesday evening by Dr O'Connor, R.C/’Bishop of Ballarat, -As- the doors were thrown open, Cook’s brass baud played -a selection of airs in front'd the R iyal'Victoria Theatre, in which-the bazaar'was-held, -after which the bishop appeared on the stagehand’ iu a few well-chosen remarks, expressed the pleasure he felt at being present. ■ He felt exceedingly gratified at being invited, and trusted the effort to aid the finances of the church would be eminently successful. -After ■ alluding’in'congratulatory terms to-the -large attend* ance, and the number of those present who belonged to " other - denominations, the bishop' declared the baziar open. Then commenced the warfare of the ■ sexes. - - - ■ -. The bogus story set about by Emma. Thurafield; cornea out as follows in the St. A maud Mercury : —• “ It is said .a young lady attending Grenville College, Ballarat,' received' news by the hist mail that she is heiress to property in Scotland worth a million sterling.” y V // •; We are very much troubled here with’blight in'tlie eyes (writes the Mount Jeffcutt correspondent of the , Hobart Town Mercury J.: Almost every second person you meet has one eye quite bunged up—to use a local expression—or both partially.blinded, aud'uot uiifre-. queiitly persons are kept within doors quite blind.,', I* ■ paid a visit to the State school-a fortnight since, .and' was surprised to see so many children suffering. from this malady—of 57 present, 18 were affected with blight, as also was the, assistant. The teacher in formed me that many more had been suffering from it, but had recovered. It disfigures its victims very much,- and .makes them-look -like a-little-army-of .pugilists. On the 3rd inst. '(says a’correspondent of the Pleasant Greek News) the house of a selector-named Lennon, at/Lallut Plains, ‘.was completely destroyed, by fire. : ! ; ■’ ■ a After the fire had been-extinguished, this afternoon (says Wednesday’s Qeelong Times), a rumor gained considerable credence to the Affect that Mr Lockwood, the proprietor of the ill-fated; hotelyhad died through the, shpek to his feelings. This is; not true. Mr .Lock-. wood has been in a very, weak, condition ever since his accidental submersion on returning from the Licensed Victuallers'picnic,'and he 1 was' prostrated on'being removed to-day to escape the fire; but he is as well as ean be expected under such -very distressing circum stances. His case is a very, hard, one. He had, we learn, nearly £lOO worth’of" spirits in the house—a fresh stock recently seoured;'and- he was'rjast about’ renewing his policy of insurance for bis'-house.'-' But the disaster has previously overtaken,,him, .and.he is stripped of everything. This| 'combined with failing health and sinking spirits, 'renders his case peculiarly distressing.-. 1 ,■ - ‘i 1 '■ ; Complaints have been coining ’in from'many’dis tricts , around Cblao (says the Times) of! the! scarcity of -labor. : At Ondit -one or. two - farthers have" drawn special notice to this want. The shire council of Win chelsea seema'to he'a severe' aufl’crer by .thia scarcity' of labor. The council hah had to’pay-very .high prices for the works’carried diit in-their district, and in fact it is with great, difficulty they:can be’ carried out at all. ’ - . ' Wa Bave - received ;f rom Samuel - Mullen, - the :Mel bodrne publisher, “ The Students’ Grammar,” by C. H.-Pearson, M.A., and ’H. A! Strong, M.A. It will be found to be very full of illustrative remark as well as of the usual.rules and examples. .*? , T •» r - The Hon,' J. Balfour, M.L.C., on Monday received’ a telegram fromlMrlDavid , 'MaClaigan;'’. ; a(wßll-kaown Presbyterian elder in Edinburgh, stating, that, the Pah- Pfeabyterian Council, which 1 was to have'bhoh held in Edinburgh in J uly next, has been postponed. The representatives from the Presbyterian Church of Victoria were appointed-at the last/assembly, viz.:— Clerical representatives—RaW .Dr Cairns and Rev. Dr Macdonald; lay .representatives—Mr B.ilfour aud Mr Wilson. The Rev.' Mr Bdlldntyne, who" sailed' for England'by the • St.> Osytb, will also, moat pro bably, be appointed one of the clerical representa tives;’: Cairns and' Dr Macdonald have'also sailed for England. ’■ I .-a • -I t-r :.-.i ! Our readers will be glad to learn (says the Talbot Jjtader) that Mr Win Barclay, who, for .the paaf four years has occupied a position-in tbp TaJbot branch" of the L. C. Bank, has received promotion, and is about to be transferred to the accountantship of the bank at Gordon. During his stay here; Mr Barclay has earned the gopd wishes of all with whom he has been brought in contact.’ ’ ' : It appears that Schaffer, who was arrested at Gul gong recently on a charge of lunacy, is, not, as has Been stated, the little German traveller of, that name. Of the latter the IPcji'era Advgfa(e says;—“ For up wards of a month past Mr Schaffer has been an Inmate of the Orange Hospital, Buffering from an acute attack of neuralgia. He was diacharged.on Monday, and on that day dined at the Commercial hotel, and in the ijftornoon of the same day left, by the coach for Bathurst.”. It'would appear that the occupation of’the alluvial' miner is about being crushed out in this district (says the Pleasant Greek Chronicle) as far as Europeans are concerned.,,,Last, week tenders to. work,.the,.Ophir mine were opened, and that of a party of Mongolians W a B reqeived, their terms being' considered more beneficial to’ the coippSßy tbsp - thpsg gent ip by the Europeans. The difference in ! the tender was but slight, and it, is. certainly.strange that any directory; should accept a tender from a-party'of Chinese to the detriment of Europeans, whose hard, earnings have in a great measure been the main support of 1 nearly all =tho progressive mines in the district. We should not ‘have touched bn thus question did we riot.consider it ouo of public import, as this district is one in which the'*'finding'pf employment .for the call paying miner should be foSlered;tf> the uttermost, i- v ari/old..thief,, who has just served' a Sentence of fourteen"- days for larceny, no sooner got out of gaol than he again got .involved Ju .trouble.... He ..was .apprehended, by...the. Ballarat'East, police on Wednesday on a charge of stealing an adze the property of a person named LeggJ Fitzgerald be brought up at the Town PoUce-_ courtto-dayi I A fatal mining accident occurred at Napoleons on Wednesday,, whereby a Chinaman named Pen Loy lost his life; 1 The deceased was working in a drive on near Dog-trap Creek, when about half a tori of earth fell on him. injuring .his ,back. He was brought into the Hospital but died soon after his ad mission, it being found that His back was broken. : We learn that a very brisk demand has set in for. the remaining Carnival Art Union tickets, so that the whole number is now sure to be sold before the day of the drawing. This will get rid of many difficulties, and ends the discussion as to how to deal with unsold tickets. The tickets are going all over the world, it seems. , England, Franoo, and Prussia are known to be receiviog them, and here the rush seeins to have set in again with great vigor. , About £250 has been taken this week already. ■ A well-attended - meeting ; of- butchorsi employees was held at the North Grant hotel on Wednesday evening; Mr A, Taylor in:the chair. The meeting had been called to consider, the desirability of holding; a pienio, and. it was unanimously resolved, that one should take place at the Botanical Gardens ,on \Ved-. -nesday, 23rd March. / It was determined to write, to the mayor of the city, ’ asking permission to use the gardens, and the meeting then adjourned until Wed nesday next, at 8 p,ra,'; . . / I I Mr‘ Whitohead 'bias'received’intelligence. from Mel-; bourne 'stating ;that the coming cbpforence'of dele gates arid the'public'meeting in connection with the ■Young Men’s Christian Association of Victoria pro mise to he very successful, Geelong has responded heartily, and communication has been made with the Sale Association,' the Rev. JI Darb, and tlie'Rev. Mr; Beattie, recently arrived to supply Chalmers’ Church," Melbourne, will most likely take part in the demon stration, and a choir of 150 voices is in training for the musical-portion of the celebration. Mr White 'head, we need hardly remark, is working with his usual energy here,’ and is not likely' to be disap pointed in securing a good representation of the Bal larat Association at the gathering in Melbourne. We understand that a gleam of commercial light has broken in upon the Railway Department, and terms .are likely to be made for the Wesley Church ;Sunday- school picnic to Geelong/ ■ A meeting of the committee, of the fire, brigades demonstration was held'on Wednesday uight, in the Alfred Hall;. Captain Morris, 8.F.8., in the‘chair. All the officers were present. The secretary reported that he ■' had written relative to subacriptioris to nine banka and eleven insurance companies, but as yet he; had . had : no answers. It was reported that the site' chosen.for the demonstration was Russell:square, op-, ppsite the Orphan* Asylum, in Ballarrif East, and a committee was appointed,to report as to the expense of .putting the; ground in.-order. The captains were directed to call a meeting'of the brigades on Friday next, to form committees for the • purpose of can vassing the. district.: ; After a vote of thanks -to: the chairman the meeting adjourned. ' . . ' ’ The governors and ,subscribers of the. School of Mines will meet this evening to elect a president in place of Sir Rediioad Barry. ' His Honor- the Chief Justice has alone .been nominated to, the office,, and his election .will, no doubt, be hailed with gratification by all who are interested-in the School. ! The.secretary-of, the St., -Patrick’s Pete Committee. will be in attendance at Brophy’s hotel till 9 p.m. on Friday, 1 , to'receive'entries for racing and-for vaulting with the p01e... , 1 '■ ' r . ; The,. Roman; bishop •of Hobart Town annoiinces thafc £l4OO . h;ive ■ beeri subscribed towards the repairs of/St. Mary’s. Cathedral there. , • Our Learmonth- correspondent writes:;—" Mr Ed-‘ monston, at Mount -Bolton, bad the great misfortune last Sunday afternoon to have three valuable stacks destroyed, by' fire, /together' with some outhouses near by.,,.The origin of the fire' is said to be from childreri playing with matches. The day being exceedingly hot and everything so .dry arid the! stacks’ were‘not long in burning to the ground, all efforts to save them proving ineffectual.’.’; -' : -/ j '' Mr Drew, of the London Pie House, Bridge street, announces, in our advertising columns, that, he is about to open a city branch, of his business in Sturt street. A petition was presented from, .residents in Warr uambuol'and Belfast by Sir James - M'Culioch on Tuesday in' the Assembly. They stated that they highly approved of the Education Act,, arid considered that as the R iman Catholic priesthood and their fol lowing, notwithstanding that they were placed ori. equal - terms with other, denominations, refused to acquiesce in this equitable: law, and' opposed it sturdily, calling it “ Godless,”, that, they should not receive any assistance from the'funds''of; the‘.colony towards their sectarian teaching. They were of opinion that the grants to the. Roman Catholic or-- plumages at Emerald Hill and Geelong, and to the Female Refuge at Abbotsford, amounting this year to £6300, should cease; and they prayed the House, -.to abolish such grant, and have only one orphanage as originally. Mr Warburton Carr, warden and magistrate at Maryborough, has dismissed a suit for calls on the ground that though they were,made payable at “.the registered office of the company,” the company had no such' office, seeing that the office had been changed arid the change had not.been registered. Two boys on board the Nelson have been attacked with scarlatina. ! ' ; | The Telegraph says that; much sympathy was ex-, ' pressed in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday with Mr J. L. Purves, ML.A., who has lost his wife under distressing circumstances. Mr Purves was a newly-married mao, and an interesting announcement has been followed by this very melancholy one. Referring to the death of Miss Burton, the eldest \- daughter of Mr R. A. Burton, solicitor, the Creswick Advertiser, says:,—“For the last three or four weeks some friends had noticed that she looked paler, and’ as if more tired than usual, but it was only on last Sunday week she felt too unwell, to take her accus -1 turned place' in the choir of the church to which she belonged.' Even then, as she had always enjoyed the most perfect health,-it was thought to be some, trivial ailment, which, with a day or two’s rest and care would have passed away. It is only a week since medical aid was- secured, when it was pronounced a case of 'typhoid fever; with inflammation of the membranes of the .brain,; and notwithstanding all that medical skill and kind nursing could do, she rapidly sank, and died on Tuesday afternoon. Quite a gloom was cast oyer the town when her death bfecame known, tor her • kind and pleasant face was welcome everywhere. For 'some- years she had played the harmonium in St. John’s Church; she was also engaged every Sabbath a!s a Sunday-school teacher, arid her aid was ever ready towards helping any charitable object.” : I It seams'that Thomas’idea of'causing an explosion by,' means -of; clockwork was not a new one. The Meckleriburgische Anzeiger has'received the following communication“lu the spring of 1645 the Swedish . fleet lay iri the harbor of AVismar. The-Master-Gene ral of the- Ordnance, Carl Gustav Wranael, was to ' make the passage to Sweden on .board 'the Lion, and Admiral Plume on board the Dragon, Somebody wished to send off.two chests, one by each of the two vessels. 1 When the chests were shipped—the one to he. sent in the Admiral’s ship stood already near the powder magazine—a noise was observed in the chest as from cluck work.. It was opened, and a meohaniem in the shape of clockwork was found conriected with a fire steel and a flint-stone, and beneath.thein powder, pitch, sulphur, &c.; The;.shipper of the chests, a certain Hans Krevet,- of Barth, pretended to have received the chests' from'three citizens of Liibeck,' and was reported to pave been won over by a Danish factor at Liibeck.,:, He was executedpn sth July.” : The Russian, .Government has submitted to the other Governments a proposal for the adoption of international postage stamps, which are to past' current alike in all countries, G;rmany, it is reported in Washington, is anxious: to get a; naval station in the West Indies, and is negotiating for the Danish Island of St. Thomas. The, .Melbourne correspondent'of tbe Hamilton. Spectator, .says’,that theplaintiff in the action, Tracey v LukejviS' “ let in ” for. costs amounting ,to soma £BOO. . . . ' ' i A Wednesday's Sydney ■ telegram ;■ in the, Herald says: “ The Health arid Sewage Board Rag geqt jn a report wpidh 'pontains "dj- padfql thlpgg’ apoqt the city Watchheuses. According, tq this report, people in'fits are often thrown into the watchbouses to die, and others are suffocated or die in the horrors,—There is to be a great meeting to advosate the Illawarra rail way swindle tonight.—The Eduoation ißill will be introduced to night.” ‘ We f Colac Times) arc glad to learn that the Western Meat'Preserying Company will, start operations early next week.' We hear that the rabbits on the Rises are qs thick as autumn leaves. i A Herald, telegram from Ijfew Bealshd Italian immigrants remain unemployed.—The Lydia Howarde troupe is doing a fine business.—Thousands are attending Mr Charles Bright’s lectures, and his ITew Zealand tour promises to be a great pecuniary 'gqCCSsj,!! ... ' : . The'Qeelong Agricultural Society’s Show will be held to- day in the Mechanics’ Institute, Geelong. An interesting cricket, match will be played to day pm,the Eastern Oval, between.licensed victuallers and wine and spirit merchant?, brewers, cordial; manufac- and their employees, Tljo njshae at noonj jilie, evening; there:'will.‘.be;a dinner. ... /.,• -’ 