NEWS BY TIE MAIL. Tiere h-s been a good deal of intriguing at Madrid to try and prevent the ex-Queen Isabella from return ing to Spain, but Her Majesty appears to have made up her mind to recroes the Pyrenees and pay Alfonso XII. a visit. It is not probable, however, that the presence of Her Majesty in Spain will create any political difficultie? ; for she has no intention of roe. maining there, and means only to pass one day at Madrid, where ensuch strange changes have occurred since she was driven from the throne. The ec- Queen has seen hard times in Paris, but she has had the con solatnon--one not always accorded to fallen sovereigns -of being constantly surrounded by devoted friends who have planed, if not their lives, at any rate their fortunes, at her disposal. She has some idea of par chasing the chateau of OChamarande, a very sumptuous residence presented to the Due de Persigny by Napo leon II., who purchased it after the death of the Sfar quis de Tallaru, who was ambassador at Madrid under the Restoration. Two or three years ago Chamarande, being again in the market, was bought by the Baron do Rivibre. According to adespatch from Rome, Queen Isabella has addressed a letter to the Pope, in which she offers to intervene with her son King Alfonso with regard to the religious question in Spain. It is announced from Rome that the negotiations between Spain and the Vatican are suspended. The Spanish Government has stated that it will accept the whole of the Concordat of 1851, with the exception of the clause decreeing "religious unity." Before resuming negotiations the Spanish Government will await fresh proposals from the Vatican. The Pope is said to have written an autograph letter to King Alfonso, reminding him of the promises he has made to maintain " religious unity" and the Concordat of 1851. Although the Carlist war is at an end the Madrid Government are likely to have some trouble with the people of the Basque provinces. A telegram from St. Sebastian reports that the Junta of Goipcucoa held a very stormy sitting, which terminated in the refusal of the Deputies- for St. Sebastian to take any further part in the debates. The inhabitants and many deputies declare that if thefseror are in any wsy cur tailed, the Basque provinees will belh'the flirt sait able opportunity for breaking definitively with Spain and proclaiming their independence under foreign protection. A sailor belonging to Gibraltar, a British subject, has been shot at Malaga by the Spanish revenue men on board his vessel, the Clementina, a contraband vesseel. The crew were ordered below, and on refus ing one sailor was shot and left to bleed to death for three hours without help. There is great indignation at Gibraltar, and the matter is in the hands of the British Minister. The Voce dellta erita of Rome recently published a statement that two Anglican clergymen were going about dressed as Roman priests, and bad sureeded in celebrating mass at an Italian cathedral. The Rev. H. W. Waste, the English chaplain at Rome, has now asked for the names of the clergymen and of the cathe dral which they are said to have desecrated. The Voce delta Yerito replies that its information comes from a most trustworthy source. That Anglican priests dress exactly like Romish is patent to all, it aseerts; baut it declines to give the names of the two clergymen, or of the cathedral where they perpetrated the" sanrilege." Further information is said to have transpired at Rome regarding the recent conference between repre sentatives of some of the Great Powers and several members of the Sacred College. In addition to the subjects specially under discussion, allusion was made to the event of a vacancy occurring in the Holy See, and the possibility of the election of a Pope favourable to the conciliation with Governmeate which pursue a policy in conformity with the ideas of modern civili sation. The cardinals are said to have evaded -that subject, owing to Pius IX. continuing to enjoy such health that there seems to be no likelihood of the Papal See speedily becoming vacant. They consi dered that the Governments could at all events defer to the decisions of the Vatican Council adhered to unanimously by the bishops, and when they beheld the attitude of the dignitaries bf the Church in all countries of the world they would become convinced that a new Pope would change nothing in the present policy of the Holy See. The Pope has received the King and Queen of Greece and the Crown Prince and Princess of Den mark in private audience. Their majesties and royal highnesses afterwarde visited Cardinal Antonelli, and the Prince and Princess Charles of Prussia dined the next day with the King of Italy. A Reuter's telegram from St. Petersburg says that the addition o[ the title "Empress of India" to that of Queen of Great Britain and Ireland is considered in political circles there to be entirely warranted by existing circumstances, and it is stated that ollfcial expression will soon be given in London to this view of Russia. The Russian. Government hare ordered the equip ment in the Black Sea of thirty-one men-of-war, among them two circular ships of the design invented by the late Mr. John Elder, of Glasgow,. callod "Popoffkae" in Russian. These thirty-one ships, all constructed or sent south since the abolition of the Black Sea stipulation in 1870, have 311 oficers and 3200 men. The King of Dahomey has refused to pay the finoe imposed upon him, and has invited the commodore to Abomey, stating that he will then pay him in pow der and bullets. It is now considered that this invitation will be accepted. Orders have been issued for Commodore Sir W. Hewett and some of the ships on the station to assemble at Whydah and take proceedings if the amount of the fine be not forthcoming. An oppor tunity will, however, be given to the King to change his present intention, for no hostile movement towards him will be made until June at the earliest. From Cape Coast Castle we hear that there is a re port current that the King of Dahomey hias already sent Commodore Hewett a reply, in which be declines to pay the fine inflicted upon him in very decided, if not contemptuous, language. From a native source we hear that the language of the reply is to the effect tlhat the commodore had better go hack to his own country and got tobacco and cloth and so do trade with the king, for the stare will come out of the heavens and the fish out of the sea before he will pay the fine. If this is the case the blockade of the Da homey coast will commence on the let of June, and if that does not have the effect of bringing forth the flne some stronger measures will be taken when the rains are over. The king is reported to hare stopped the march of his army against Abbeokuta and to have re turned to Abomey, not in consequence of the letter of remonstrance against the expedition sent to him from the Governor, but because he started too late in the season, and has been overtaken by the rains before he reached his destination. This has not yet been con firmed, and the trade with Lagos is still interrupted by the people of Abbeokuta preparing for the attack; but the statement is probably true, as the rains have set in early this year. The United States Senate has passed the Silver Bill, giving the Beeretary of the Treasury power to replace fractional currency with silver coin. The President will approve the bill. Professor Raymond, United States Commissioner of Mining, gave evidence before the Foreign Rolations Committee on April 12, as to the condition of the Emma Mine in the year 1871. He pronounced the best and principal mine on that lode to be worth about $2,500,000, which maight develop into $5,000,000. Mr. Park was afterwards recalled and cross-enamined. He deposed that his acquaintance with Geaneral Schenck commenced after tihe negotiations with Mr. Coates began. LIe denied that ?Ir. Albert Grant was in duced to join by the assauraneo of G(eneral Sehenuek that he would become a director. The contract with Mr. Grant was made before that subject had been broached. A Waushington telegram states that General l'Don ald, who was implicated in the whisky frauds at St. Louis, lhas been eetenlcced to threeou years' imprison ment and a floe of 5000 dole. Mr. Avery has been sentonced to two years' imprisonment and a fine of 1000 dols. Tihe etotue of thie late Prenident Lincoln, which has been erected at Waebineton by nmeans of subscriptions amonc the negrroes, hasjust been unveeiled in the pre eencc of L'residcnt Grantand the Government ohlicials. Tlre IHouse of Relprseenttives bas paassed n resolu tiin reported by Ilhe Foreign Atluire Comrmittec rc questing the Plresident to take elstepe for tile releaneo of thee Feeiun priooner Condone , now underigoing sentence in England. The Senate lhas not yet taken any action in thie matter, while awaitmng Ihe reply fromn England. Thie Stoute Dlepuartuent has ut is yet rechiled any roepily to the Note recently sent by Secretary Fl1sh to Lord Derby eariestll proteating agaiust the reflusalof E,,glend to urrendder the forgern Wislow unlesS thbe United Stoutes Governmeut would gie an asauraonce that hle abuuld only be tried for the uffenoes tor hich hie extradition isdoanded. It has been pointed out that the Dominion Government has just surrendered a fugitive criminal to the United States without mak ing any such reservation. It is stated that Mr. Fish has sent a strong protest against the action of the English Government regarding Winslow's extradition. Pending Lord Derby's reply, the correspondence on the subject will not be communicated to the House of Representatives. The United States Government has been officially informed that the extradition of the forger Winslow is still under the consideration of the English Cabinet, but no decision on the subject has as yet been arrived at. Mr. Secretary Fish has laid documents concerning the Samoan Islands before the House of Representa tires. They show that Mr. Steinhberger, who was re cently confined on board the the British man-of-war Barraconuta, had not, as he alleged, any diplomatic powers from the United States, nor was he authorised to organise a Government in the islands. Advices received at New York state that an agita tion has commenced amongst the inhabitants of British Columbia against Chinese immigration. The American papers give the substanee of the message sent by President Grant vetoing the bill re ducing the salary of President from $50,000 to $25,000 per annum. The message is a very short one. The President says that in refusing his sanction to the bill he cannot be accused of personal interest, as it does not affect him in any way. He says the salary of President was fixed at $25,000 per annum just after the Revolulionary war, when we had only 3,000,000 of population, and were poor. At that time members of Congress got but $6 per day for actdal service ren dered, and served on an average 120 days a year, mak ing $720 salary per annum. Now they receive more than $30 per day for each day of service rendered, allowing five months' session each year. The Presi dent intimates that with this increase in the salaries of Congressmen, the President's salary at $50,000 is not by any means out of proportion. He says that we now have forty millions of people, instead of three, when the salary was fired at $25,000, with wealth largely inoreased, and the cost of living vastly out'of proportion to what it was then. The veto says that the President knows. from his experience that the salary of $25,000 is inadequate for the expenses of living at the White House. News from Barbadoes to April 21, states that very serious disturbances have broken sout throughout St. Joseph, St. Thomas, St. John, St. George, and St. Michael parishes. Ives River and other estates pil laged. Provision fields plundered. Fires frequent. Condition perilous. A second telegram has been received by the West India Committee dated Barbadoes, April 22:-" De fence Association to West India Committee.-- iote throughout island. Plantation houses sacked. Ani mals destroyed. Enormous destruction of property. Over forty rioters shot. Troops actively employed. City threatened. Businesasuspended. Familiesseek icg shipping. Rioters repeat they have Governor's sanction. Heinneasy's immediate recall requisite to save colony." By a later telegram we are informed that the latest officialintelligence from Barbadoes is reassuring. The troops have been recalled, and no further disturbances are apprehended. The following telegram has been received from Mr. Thomas Sealy, a solicitor practising at Bridgetown, Barbadoes, and acting as secretary to the Defence Association, in reply to a demand for specific infor' mation : "We received your messages of yesterday and to day t message to Ohbson confirmed. (This, Mr. Phillips says, refers to the message of the 22nd inst., which stated that ' forty rioters were shot,' and as to which message Mr. Pope Hennessy, upon its being telegraphed out to him, stated that there was 'no truth' in private telegrams.) Forty shot include killed and wounded. Eighteen in hospital. Several deaths, but number uncertain. Return moved for. Seven plantation houses sacked, besides shops in eoun' try. Over 400 prisoners. Riots suppressed. Intense anxiety still prevails. Time will prove whose mese sages are most truthful. Reeves resigned office." Mr. Beeves is one of the ablest members of the Representative Assembly, and as Solicitor-General was the official member to introduce Government measures. Latest advices report that thedisturbances have been quelled. Porfirio Dise, early on April 1, according to a 2isme telegram, presented himself before Ifatamoras with 1000 men. Labsrra, the Mexican Government com' mander, sent out 300 men to attack Diaz, but most of them deserted, while the garrison of 1000 men in the city refused to fire against Diaz, who advanced into the city, and finally all the Government troops de serted to him except a small force of cavalry and in fantry. After a slight. resistance Labarra, with a de tachment of cavalry, retreated across the Rio Grande into Texas. Labarra is now at Brownsville. Dins took possession of Matamoras, the remnants of the Government forces shutting themselves up in two forte in the suburbs, where the fighting was continued. Commander.Johnsen, of the American gunboat Rio Bravo, at Maalmoras, telegraphs to the Secretary of the Navy that the insurgents under Diaz took posses sion of Matamoros o? April 2 rwith little opposition. Perfect order is maintained.: ·labarra, with twenty men, escaped to Brownsville. -p. i Commander Johnson can see no prospect of the Mexican Government retaking Matamoras for some time, as all its troops in the vicinity eithcersurrendered or joined the insurgents. Large numbers of people during the past week have sought refuge on Texan territory, but no indignities are yet reported by Dian against American or other foreign residents at Mata morae, who are under the protection of an American gunboat. The Mexican ofileors and troops who re treated into Texas have been arrested and disarmed by the American commander, and are now confined in Fort Brown. Intelligence from 3Mexico received at Washington indicates that the Mexican revolution has assumed such proportions that the overthrow of the present Government may result. Outbreaks have oc curred in almost every Mexican State. The New York papers publish intelligence from Galveston, according to which shtots were exchanged in the vicinity of Larenda, across the Rio Grande, by Mexican and United States troops. Advices from the capital, vrid Havana, announce that General terdo, in opening Congress, declared the insurgents to be old offenders, that clemency was therefore useless, and that they must be subdued by force of arms. Advices received from Jacmel, Hayti, to March 30, state that a bombardment of the place was threatened, and it was considered probable that the rising would prove a failure. Two United States men-of-war and the French Consul at Port-aunPrince threatened to employ force if tones were extorted from foreigners. Senor Espaillat has been elected President of San Domingo. From Porto Rico it is reported that on Marah 28 the Spanish inhabitants of the island surrendered to the British gunboat Eclipae the crew of the steamer Octavia, on board of which several insurgent leaders had escaped from San Domingo, and the extradition of which was demanded by the latter Government. A private telegram from Hayti says that General Mtichel Domingue, President of the Republic, has been assassinated by insurgents. Septimus nameau, his Prime Minister, and Vice-President of the Council of Ministers, was drowned in attempting to escape. During the late wet weather, says GOaligani, the curious phenomenon known as a shower of sulphur was observed in some parts of the IIErault. After the rain, the leaves of the trees and the sides of the road were covered with a yellowish powder resembling sulphur. This curious occurrence happens very rarely in the south of France, and is very easily explained. The yellow matter which causes the appearance is only the pollen of conifers carried off by the wind from some pine forests. The meeting of the conference of the German Cre mation Societies, originally fired for the middle of April at Dresden, has had to be delayed, owing to the unexpectedly large numbers of delegates that an nounced their arrival, which necessitated a change of programme. Theo conference is now fixed for June. At Zurich and Milan cremation societies are also es tablishced. A German organ of the movemnent is pub lished at Wedlburg. It is now in the second year of its publication. In a locality near Girgenti (Sicily), ix armed bri gands recently captured a rich man, and sent to his family an order to pay 13,0001r. in gold as a ransom. The police were informed, and were able to surprise the robbers and deliver the prisoner, whom they had concaaled under a heap of straw. From the bandits were taken their arms and a telescope with which they used to catch the movements of the police force from a distance. A strong anti-Chinese movement is in progress at San Francisco, and so strong has popular feeling be. come upon the question that the manager of the Chinese companies has uent a cable despatch to Hong Kong, stating that laws have been passed and mea surce are being taken to discourage Chinese emigra tion ; that the Chinese must not come to California, and that there will be danger to life and property if they should come. Mass meetings to consider the Chinese question wore about to be held. The British steamer Lotus, which arrived at Sen Francisco on Mtarch 80, from Hong Kong, conveyed thither 800 bCinamen. Sir Moes Monteoflore has received from the Foreign Office a communication with reference to the treat meat of the Jews of Zerkhan, enclosing copies of let ter, from which it is evident that the grievances of which the Jews complained, and which are happily now about to be remedied, were unknown to the Shah. The Persian Minister for Foreign Affairs has addressed to his brother, the Governor-General of the province oi Fars, a letter on behalf of the Jewish community of Zerkhan, in which he desires that they ehalLbe taken under his special protection, and that he shall not allow them to be treated with injustice from any quarter whatever. Sir Moses observes that he cannot refrain from expressing his gratitude to the Earl of Derby and Her Majesty's Government, whose prompt and powerful intervention has been attended with the happiest results. A Royal Order in Council has been published pro hibiting the sale to any Danish subject, or the permis sion to sail under the Danish flag, of any vessel in a British port, unless the vessel be previously declared seaworthy by the resident inspector appointed by the Board of Trade. Should this formality be neglected, the ship will not be allowed the privileges accorded to Danish ships in Danish ports, and the owners will be liable to heavy penalties. A little girl twelve years of age has just been tried in the South of France for having emothered two child ren confned to her care. One of the victims was threcyears,andothereighteenmontheold. It waselicited in court that the murderesscould not resist committing the crimes with which she was charged. After having smothered the children of her mistress she was removed to the hospital of La Fleche, aend there felt impelled by some unnatural force to assassinate the patients. The jury wished to acquit the prisoner on the ground that she was not responsible for her actions, and but for the direction of the judge she would have been let loose on society to continue her sanguinary careet. The judge, however, considered that, whether the pria! soner was responsible or not, bodety abonldbe pro toeted, and a verdict of guilty was found, followed by wasentenoe of imprisonment. A terrible boat accident occurred on Easter Monday at Confolene, in the Department of the Charente. A religious fdte was to take place at Essa, a village situated on the bank of the River Vienne a and as some rare sanred relics were to be exhibited a great number of persons went on a pilgrimage there. Among others sixteen were crossing the river in a boat, when' it struck on a rook and cupsiced. The water at the spot is very deep and rapid, and of the sixteen persons on board, including the ferryman, only one was saved. This was a young woman of eighteen, whose open umbrella and the shirts of her clothee kept her on the surface. She was thus carried a distance of a mile and a half down the river before she was rescued. Some time back a young man swallowed a fork. The operation of extracting it from his stomach was successfully performed on Sunday morning at the Hospice of the Fibres de Saint-Jean-de-Dieu, Due Oudinot, Paris. Baron Larrey, and Drs. Iebbi, Lepbre, and Professor Gosselin undertook the delicate task of cutting an opening and introducing an instra. ment to grasp the fork. The operation was a long and laborious one, arising from homorrbage, but after two hours was safely ascomplished. According to the latest accounts the young man was doing well. In excavating for the foundations of a large build. ing in the Place de Roubsix at Lille remains have been discovered which are supposed to be those of a Roman temple to Apollo. As yet this is not certain, as the work has been suspended in order that the Commission of History for the department may supei intend its future progress. American papers recently received contain do spatches narrating the capture of the city of Mata mores by the revolutionary troops in Mexico. At 6 o'clock on the morning of April 2 General Porfiri, Dian presented himself, with his army of about 1000 men, to attack Matamoras. General de la Barra, in command of the garrison, sent out a force of some 300 men, under General Toledo, to attack the enemy. This force "pronounced" when out of the city, and went back in the ranks of Disa. The National Guard -1000 strong in the city- and the artillery refused to fire a single shot whenordered by de la Barra, and the. revolutionists kept advancing. On this all the Go vernment troops kept advancing except the Ninth Cavalry, which heold firm. After some fighting, Genl. de la Burrs, seeing that be was betrayed, retreated to the river bank with about twentyfive men. He asked permission to pase, which was granted on condition of his becoming a prisoner and being disarmed. He and the detachment are in Fort Brown. A later despateh states that General do Ia Barer was with General Toledo reconnoitring the forces. General Toledo fell back to the Cass Mate, but had been sepg. rated from General do la Barra. A fight took place between the Ninth Regular Cavalry and the regiments of Lamparena and Augine outside the town. The cavalry surrendered. Two pieces of ar tillery were taken at Monteroy Fort by the rave. lationists, and carried by hand to some part of the city. The former gunners served them when they were firing upon Casa Mate. The 22nd Infantry abandoned the fort of San Fernando, and entered Casa Mata. The fight at 'Cass Mata was brisk for half.an-hour. The revolutionists attempted to take the works by storm, and were repulsed. Just as they were ready for another attempt, a white flag wee raised. Colonel Cristo offered his sword to General Disc. The number of men surrendered by Colonel Cristo is variously estimated at from 119 to 862. Colonel Parrott was thrown from his horse in an affair outside the fort, and is a prisoner. An oicer of General Dian gives the following list of captures a:- 550 men, 17 pieces of artillery, 712 stand ofsmall arms, besides those in the hands of the prisoners. General Diaz is said to hlave expressed a determination to remain at MIatamorae until his troops enter the city of Mexico. The population of Prudes (Pyr6dnoa.Orientales) have been thrown into consternation by the discovery of a horrible crime. The Abb6 Blanquo, superior of the trainingeschool for priests, disappeared most unac countably one evening last week. Every search was made, under a supposition that be might have com mitted suicide, but no light could be thrown on the mysterious affair for some days. The idea of a murder then arose, and after a careful investigationi in all the loIalities where a body was likely to have been buried, some freshly-turned asil in the cellar of the eshool attracted attention, and the remains of the murdered man were discovered. The head was fearfully dis figured from blows, seemingly with a shovel, and a Fistol.shot was apparent in the lower region of the stomach. The crime was a mystery, as the deceased was distinguished by his kind and cordial manners, and was much beloved in the locality where he resided. Finally, suspicion rested on a Carlist refugee, em ployed as a gardener in the establishment; he wev arrested, and has made a full confession of his guilt. Itacque, a market gardener, recently residing a short distance from Versailles, has been found guilty with extenuating circumstances, and sentenced to penal servitude for life. His wife was acquitted. Shet.as charged with having been privy to tlhecrime the has band committed last September, when he took his two sons, aged three years and four years and a half, out of their beds after his return from market in the evening, and threw them into a well. Avarice was the motive which led to this double murder. After committing it he went to the police to report that his children had been kidnapped by strolling players, who, in course of the day, had passed through the village. His unconcerned manner aroused suspicion, and on a search being-made the bodies of the children were found where he had thrown them. Very strong cir cumstantial evidence wee supported by the direct testi mony of the accused's eldest child, a girl of six years old, who saw her father drown her brothers in a dis used well as he had drowned some kittens a short time previously. T'ho Lynde Brook Reservoir, which supplied the city of Worcester, Mtass., with water, burst its dam early in the morning 'on March 30, and sect 6,000,000 gallons of water in a torrent down through a valley thickly studded with dwellings and manufactories, and left nothing standing in its track. Fortunately the inhabitants of the valley had ample warning, as the dam gave unmistakable indications of the coming c?tontroplho more than twenty-four hours before it finally gave way, so that a greeat deal of moveable pro perty was eared. The loss of property is estimated at $1,000,000. Every effort was made by partially etopping the leak and opening a new outlet to obviate the threatened danger, but without avail, and the dam broke about 6 o'clock. The torrent struck Smitll's nill, and it went like a pipe-stem. Nothing of it was left at twenty minutes past 6 o'clock but the front awll. The water at Smith's dam seemed to be twenty feet above the dam, and about the same at the dam below. Both dams were holding then, but must go. Tihe trees below were swept away like rushes. The scone was terrible. Women wore running about and screaming, and all was confusion on the banks. At ?ew Worcester the bells were ringing to call everbody out. For nine miles the trail of disaster and ruins eatended. Great effets bare been made at Bremen and other German seaports to secure a foreign market for Ger man coal, and to oust English oval from the supply of German shipping. German newspapers are informed that these efforts promise to be crowned with seooess. A ciromlar was sent to the German oonsnlates beyond was putting a number of questions as to the opening likely to be afforded at the various placea to a German oel tride. Replies have now been returned to these questions, being on the whole very favourable. The oonsuls anticipate that German coal would, ifoffered, find an ample market. The German Admiralty has instituted experiments to test the Vasle of German coal besides English, and it is believed the reselt of these experiments will be favourable- to German coal. 