Current News. At a meeting of the Cabinet on Wednesday morning, the tenders for the construction of No. 4 Section of the Western Railway to Roma were considered, but nothing seems to have been decided respecting them. The lowest tender is stated to be that of Mr. Fountain, which, with 6 per cent for contingencies, is estimated to make a total of £60,902 12a. 6d., and as no reason to the contrary has become • public, this . leader will, in all probability, be accepted. [ Thi Government wharves in Petrie's Bight are now finished, or nearly so, and a proclama tion appears in Saturday's Government Qazettc notifying that these wharves shall be and are excluded from the jurisdiction of the Municipal Council of Brisbane, in accordance with a pro vision of the Municipal Institutions Act of 1864, .that "nothing therein contained shall authorise the interference by any council with any public wharf or building not formed, constructed, or iewcted by such council, which may be exoepted from the jurißdictipn of such oqunoil by any proclamation made or to be made by the Gover nor with the advice of the Executive Council.*' ' It is understood that a Police Magistrate' is •bout to be appointed to Arainac, but the 'name of the gentleman intended for that position has not transpired.; : It is also probable that the Police Magistrates of Toowoomba, Warwick;, Rbma, Dalby, and possibly Tbwnsville, will be shifted at an early date. It is a fact worthy to be noted, and one ttfaditable to the teaching in our Primary Schools, thatof thesixscholarshipsrecently gained by Bris bane Grammar School boys, three were gained.by Primary School boys who obtained scholarships from the late Board of Education. Of the two .who "proximo acoesserunt," one also was a scholarship boy from a Primary School. A bkfobt gained publicity on Wednesday that a Royal Commission to enquire into the working of the lunatic asylum and reception houses of the colony had been appointed, consisting of the Hon. B. I. C. Browne, M.L.C.; Dr. Mullen, M.L.C.; Messrs. Thompson, Groom, and Bailey, M.L.A.'s ; Dr. Bancroft; and Mr. R. L. Drew. 1 Thi usual examinations of teachers and can didates for scholarships, which took place in oponection with the National Sohools, prior to the breaking up for the holidays, were weU attended. In Brisbane alone, 250 persons sub mitted themselves for examination, consisting of •bout forty-four candidates for scholarships, and •ixty-five candidates for pupil teachers, the re mainder consisting of pupil teachers and teachers lor promotion. We also learn, in connection •with school arrangements, that Mr. Came, of fftanthorpe, has been appointed an inspector tender the department < Wi learn that the premises lately occupied at Ipswich by Messn. J. and G. Harris have been purchased by the Education Department for £1000* They are to be adapted to the purposes of i grammar school for girls, which we believe «an be done at a small additional outlay, and we tnderstand that it is generally considered that •Idle department aas in purchasing them made an •xoeUent bargain, an their erection originally cost ov«r 47000. Wk learn that Mr. Arthy, formerly head teacher at the Indooroopflly school, has been appointed a music instructor to travel among the country schools under the Department of Public Instruction. This gentleman has already in some degree given proof of his fitness for the work by his'successful labors in the formation of a singing blasß at the school lately under his care. The appointment of a teacher for such a purpose appears to be a step in the right direction, and if the'teachers and school boards of schools visited by the instructor will but take an interest in the matter, the efforts of Mr. Arthy will re*ult not only in the introduction of a new branch of in struction to the children, but perhaps in the fonpfa^ioa pf musical unions on a small scale for the benefit of their seniors, who may thus spend ftf elevating amusement evenings that might 'otherwise be wasted unprofitable Wk publisli in another column a paragraph describing a series of calamities which have befallen a struggling farmer, named Cripps, and hit family at Bundanba and mentioning that a Subscription list for their assistance had been opened. We shall be happy to receive, acknow ledge,' and transmit to the gentlemen at Bun 4anba who have taken the matter in hand, any Mums on that account with which we may be favored. We have to acknowledge the receipt of the following sums:—T. F. Lings, £1 Is. ; G. P. W., 10s.; Rev. B. G. Wilson, £1; Sympathy1, £1 ; Right Rev. Dr. Hale, £1 10s.; Bmypathiser, 10s.; Assistance, £1. Pkbsons desirous of contributing to the Ewing Fund are requested to forward their subscrip tions to Mr. W. W. Hickling, manager Oriental Bank Corporation, Beechworth ; or, James Pat terson, Esq., Mayor of Melbourne, who has con sented to receive subscriptions. A oobrespondebtt of the Observer writes to say that an engine- driver on the line refnßed to take charge of his engine because the fireman was of a different religious persuasion. We have also fceard from an authority that his disobedience of orders will be rewai*ded with dismissal. The re ligious scruples of the engine-driver probably led Ira to. foresee nothing but hideous disaster arising from steam generated by a hostile theo logian. ' Iv accordance with a proclamation in Govern- Met* QmzttXe, an attempt-was made on Thurs day by Mr. A. Martin, Government auctioneer, to sell the lease for five yean of ten square miles of land on Stradbroke Island, but either from a disinclination on the part of our citizens to dwell fey the sad sea wave, or from some other cause, fhere were no offers. T\fE adjourned annual general meeting of tharsholders of the Blue Mountain Tin Mining Coaipacy, nrtach was to have been held on Thurs day at Mr. Bale's office, Adelaide-street, lapsed for want of a quorum. In accordance with the articles of association the meeting was then adjourned tine die, which gives the present directors of the company the privileges and per quisites of office for another year—till the next annual meeting, which takes pjace about the aecond week of December 1877. SHE various banks in town are announced jto fe» dosed on Tuesday next, Boxing Day. Thi Registrar-General's report on the. vital statistics of the registry district of Brisbane for the month of October is published in a'supple ment to The Govetntnent Gatettc During the month, 110 births were registered in the Bris bane district, including the city and suburbs, the number of males being 52, and females 58, showing a decrease of 10 on the preceding September, and as compared with October laat year there is an apparent falling off to the extent of 48. But this latter number is exactly repre sented by births in the new registry districts of Bast Moreton, part of Oxley, and Caboolture, which in 1875 were embraced in the Brisbane district The birtha in October this year and the porrespondingmonthlastyearwere therefore equal in number, allowance being made for the new arrangement of the Registry districts. The total number of deaths registered in Brisbane during October this year was 41 males and 27 females; total, 68; fteing 31 in excess of the number for the previous month of September. The excess of births over deaths is 42. The deaths of children under 5 yean was 71*48 per cent, within the municipality, as against 42*10 in the suburban parts of the district The true infantile mortality, or deaths under 1 year, as compared to births in the district, wa% 29*84 per cent within, and 88*83 per cent outside the municipality. Of the 68, deaths mv October last, 33 were of children under 1 year, 43 under 6 years, and 25 over 5 years. Twenty-two deaths •were caused by zymotic diseases, 1 from consti tutional disease, 6 from local diseases, 10 from developmental diseases, and 4 from violence. Six deaths are ascribed to accident, none to homicide, none to suicide. If will be interesting to persons engaged in the building .trade, and to all residents in Bris bane, to learn that a steam brick factory has been started on the south Bide of the river by Messrs. Overend for the purpose of making bricks for the dry dock. We are not aware whether the new factory will be able to turn out a larger supply of bricks than is required for the special work in hand, but are quite sure that the steam-made bricks have only to be known to be appreciated, and provided they can be procured at a reasonable price, the inferior article at present in use will speedily be driven completely out of the market. In the common process of manufacture it is found necessary to mix a quantity of sand with the clay, and the result is an exceedingly porous brick, which absorbs water too freely to form a desirable material for building purposes. But the steam-made article is com paratively free from this defect, the stiff clay unmixed with sand being compressed into a ■olid brick, presenting a surface on all sides almost as smooth as enamel At the offioe of the Engineer of Harbor* there are samples of •team-made bricks from Messrs. Overend's fac tory and; from Sydney, alsb a. sample of a brick made in the ordinary way. The powers of absorption of each of these samples have been tested—«nd the common brick is found capable of holding 1 lb. 6 00. of water, whilst the steam-made bricks in. each case will only absorb 6 on. This is a most important difference, which will be appre ciated by those persons best acquainted with the dose, dank, unwholesome smell peculiar to walla made of the common bricks, and which is par ticularly offensive when such walls are exposed to contfanous rains during the heat of summer. It is, however, this poor material that la chiefly used for buildings la Brisbane, mote- especially in the business part of the city, and a» wooden structures, when in close contiguity to each other, are too liable to destruction by fire, and Btoneis apparently too costly for general adop tion, tie steam-made bricks abonld henceforward be in, large demand, ip Brisbane. With reference to the cable message sent by Sir Hercules Robinson to Sari Carnarvon, asking, on behalf of New South Wales, if Colonel Jervoise, R.E., could come out to report upon the colonial defences, and, if so, what would be the cost, we understand that the Governments of Queensland, Victoria, and South Australia, have all signified their concurrence in the pro posal, and their readiness to share the expenses. The committee appointed to carry out the pro posed regattain the Hamilton Reach onNew Year's Day, held their first meeting on Wednesday evening, at the Royal Hotel. There were present, Messrs. S. Hamilton (in the chair), H. M'Cleer, J. Edwards, H. M'Donnell, E. Phelan, and J.D. Brooke, hon. sec. It was agreed that the regatta shall be styled the " First Brisbane New Tear Regatta," and the rules of the regatta of 1874 were adopted. A liberal programme of races was drawn up and agreed to, and this con cluded the business of the evening. So far, the attempt to revive the time-honored custom of annual regattas appears likely to result in a suo cess. It must, however, be borne in mind that the committee have still a great deal of up-hill work before them, and that the only chance of a good day's sport lies in the combined exer tions of every member of the committee and the support of those who have boats to enter. There-is now a larger number of boats in Bris bane than ever before, and if owners will make up their minds to give and take, and will go into the thing out of love for the sport, there is every reason why the regatta of 1877 should be one to be held in pleasant remembrance. It can scarcely be expected that all the boats can be in regular regatta trim, as many will be out in the Bay during the Christmas holidays ; but if everyone will put his shoulder to the wheel, the result will certainly repay the effort We have been shown a simple contrivance applied by a resident of this city., which v certain to come into very general use in connec tion with louvre shutters. It consists princi pally in a catch made in the hinge, bo that the shutter, when thrown open, is retained in that position without the use of any fastening, and when it is required to shut it, ail that is neces sary is to raise the shutter about a quarter of an inch ; this lifts it over the catch, so that the hinge is free to act When pulled to, the shatter locks itself by a latch somewhat similar to those used on gates. The louvres are adjustable at any angle by means of a rod pivotted to the edge of each of the laths. It is claimed for this kind pf shutter that it is not only more handy and use ful than tfoe ordinary kind, but that it is also cheaper. The manufacturer here is Mr. Wakprley, of fcffley-stwet, Wkkham-terrsce. Two or three weeks hence the arrival from Hamburg of the Lammershagen, with Prussian, Danish, and Italian immigrants, may be looked for. The intention would seem to be that this vessel will take on her passengers to Mary- borough, which for several reasons would, we think, be a mistake. We have no wish to deprive the Wide Bay district of its fair quota of immigrants, but we have reason to believe that a large proportion of the passengers by the Lam- mershagen have friends expecting them in the Moreton and Darling Downs districts, and that to send them on to Maryborough will be an in- justice both to them and to the new arrivals. Moreover, if we may judge from statements which appear from time to time in the Mary borough papers, female domestic servants form the only class of labor at present in demand there. We would suggest that residents of these districts having friends on board should at once communicate with the Secretary of the Immigration department, so that these at least might be afforded an opportunity of being landed in Brisbane. A most riotous scene took place in Queen street on Thuradav afternoon. The facts of the affair briefly stated, as far as we could learn, are that some five or six South Sea Islanders were coming down Queen-street, when one of their number put his arms round a woman's waist. She pushediAdm away, and a gentleman who was just benind, struck the islander, who re turned the blow. A policeman, constable M'Kann, appearing on the scene, the South Sea Islander was given into his custody, when imme diately his companions attempted a rescue, which was successfully resisted by the constable, aided by some of the bystanders, after a very severe struggle. Senior-constable Slattery also appeared, and after a short run succeeded in arresting one of the ringleaders who, together with his friend, waa safely lodged in the lock-up. Thia Bort of thing is not perhaps to be much wondered at in a bush town, though even there it ia bad enough, but when it happens in the principal street of the metropolis in broad day and with a number of people about, it ia time that something should be done in the way of checking in some degree their patrolling our atreeta in auoh large number*, On Thursday evening, between the arrival of the half-past aeven o'clock train and the eleven o'clock train from Ipswich, a tree, whioh was standing close to the line between Goodna and Oxley atationa, waa burnt down, presumably by a bush fire, and fell with its branches across the line. The eleven o'olock train passed right over the obstacle, but without doing any damage, as the tree waa fortunately a amall one. A delay of about five minutes only waa caused. Advices have been received at the Immigra tion Office of the departure from Hamburg, on October 11, of the ship Lammershagen, 888 tons, Captain Paul, for Maryborough, calling off Cape Moreton. She brings 380 immigrants, equal to 327 statute adults. Their nationalities are— 208 Prussians, 38 Italians, 85 Danes, and 49 other countries. Their classification is—23 full paying, 30 assisted, 26 remittance and free nominated, and 301 free. Their social status is —62 married couples, 60 single girls, 101 single men, and 96 children. Their occpations are— 43 female domestic servants, 109 farm laborers, 1 shepherd, 1 mechanic, 2 tailors, 2 tinsmiths, 1 miner, 1 painter, 1 barber, 1 goldsmith, 1 mason, 1 shoemaker, 10 joiners, 1 wheelwright. Dr. Rheiner is the surgeon- superintendent, and Mrs. Zeigler matron. A draft of 200 of the primest cross- bred fat wether* we have ever seen in this colony arrived by train on Tuesday from the Hon. James Taylor's Cecil Plains station, consigned to Messrs. Fenwick and Scott, for their Christmas sale. The sheep are simply enormous, weighing from 80 lbs. to 100 lbs., and loaded with fat. The prices realised . ahew the value placed on them by good judges. Messrs. C. and J. Blanc, F. Ramsay, Donaldson, Ooleman, Lane, Sparks, and Bulcook were the purchasers, at from £1 Is. to£l 4a. 64 per head. A mob of very fine fat lambs, from same station, realised 11s. up to 18s. Two cases of aunttroke occurred on December IS at the Commercial wharf shortly before one o'clock. The most serious one was to a man named M'Gowan, a seaman on board the steamer Tamba roora, who was attended to by Drs. Bancroft and Andrews and afterwards removed to the hospital. The other case waa that of a man named M'Don nell, who after receiving some attention got all right During this very hot weather perhaps it would be as well to remind persons working in exposed situations that a few gum leaves or banana leaves placed inside the hat will do a great deal towards keeping the head cool and wouldin all probability prevent many of these cases of sunstroke which are beginning to assume such proportions. Ov the evening of Deoember 15, a man named Peter Gargan, an able aeaman belonging to the Tambaroora, while going on board his vessel, at the Commercial wharf, in company with another man who was till recently employed as cook on board, fell through the "man trap," for it is very little better, situated between the Com mercial wharf and the Government wharf. It seems from what we can learn that Gargan, just before he came to the place, turned round and said to his companion, "Mind your footing here," or words to that effect, and just as he spoke fell through the hole, and was not seen to nse again. Both men, we understand, were perfectly sober at the time, which makes the case infinitely worse, as if such a thing could happen to a sober man what would be the result if, as is frequently the case, two or three drunken Bailors were to pass along it at night As ia usual also, we are informed that next day some men were vary busily engaged putting up a railing on the Government wharf, which, of course, has no effect on the gap, except in the case of persons coming along from the direction of the Gasworks. A great deal of trouble has been taken to enforce a law relating ta ships having proper gangways, but it would almost seem as if that trouble might he spared while such a fhing as this gap ia allowed to remain open and unprotected. The neglect ia not merely disgraceful, it is criminal, and, if justice were done, would be punished most rigorously. Tftß steamers Norseman and Heather Bell are both announced for a trip to the Bay on Boxing Oub Beenleigh correspondent, writing on December 21, says :—" The efforts of the gentle man through whose instrumentality our first market was inaugurated have been rewarded with a fair measure of success, the yards of the Agricultural Society having on Turaday last been as well filled with hones and cattle for sale as one could reasonably expect on the occasion of the initiation of a new and untried experiment. About 170 head of cattle and some 25 hones were entered for sale, and from the presence at an early hour of visitors from all parts of this very scattered district, it was clear that buyers were also in attendance. At eleven o'clock a large proportion of the cattle were submitted for sale by auction by Mr. Castles, auctioneer; but very few lots were placed, and it was clear that intending purchasers did not intend to suit themselves thus. Later in the day, business began to be transacted in a more legitimately market fashion between seller and buyer direct, and eventually a great portion of the horned stock changed hands, it being computed that some £300 passed in course of these transactions. As regards prices obtained, one pen of fat bullocks were placed at £6 55., the buyer being a Cleveland butcher. The remaining pens of fat stock were boughtin at£6, the owner preferringtodrive them home rather than part with them at 80s. less than their market value at station yards. Possi bly our local butchers may eventually have reason to regret their apparent determination to buy these cattle either at their own price or not at all. Such conduct is not likely to encourage breeders to Bend fat stock to Beenleigh market again. Broken-in milkers, with calf at foot or in calf, fetched from £2 15s. to £6 10a., a some what wide margin accounted for by points of age and quality. A small lot of springing heifers, two yean off, fetched £2 12s. 6d.; steers, two and three yean, brought from £1 15s. to £4. Some very fine Hereford bulls, four or five yean old, drafted from the Nindooinbah herd, were eagerly bought at prices ranging from £15 to £20, and were held to be cheap even at the latter figure. Hones offered were for the most part light hacks, and consequently un suited for the requirements of this district, but good strong colts suitable for light draft would have found buyers. Produce was altogether unre presented, save by a few bags of potatoes. Now that a beginning has been made, it is hoped that on the occasion of the next market produce of all descriptions will be offered for sale, and that Beenleigh market may in time come to be looked forward to throughout the district as an oppor tunity for buying, selling, and exchanging not not only stock bnt every description of farm stuff, implements, Ac. Refreshments were pro vided on the ground by Mr. Skiffins, of Water ford, in whose booth a lunch took place, followed by a few speeches, in course of which a unani mous feeling was expressed in favor of the holding of periodical markets in the future. In the shape of amusements for the coming holiday season, nothing appears likely to promise greater satisfaction than the trip by steamer to the Bay on New Tear's Day; the steamer fa advertised to leave Yatala Ferry at eight a.m., proceeding thence to Swan Bay, where a landing will be effected on Stradbroke Inland, within easy reach of the ocean. From all accounts the excursion is likely to be well patronised. The Christmas races at Yatala appear to have fallen through, but a good day's sport is promised by the Coomera people on Boxing Day." In Chamben on December 15, before Mr. Justice Lilley, in the case of Hughes and Snow- don, Mr. Beor, instructed by Mr. Thynne, ap- peared to show cause why an order nisi to issue a ca. re. should not be discharged. The Attorney. General, instructed by Messrs. Daly and Abbott, appeared in support of the summons. Sum- mons dismissed, with costs. In the matter of proceedings by arrangement or composition of Means. Fryar and Strachan, action was restrained by consent on payment of costs. Waugh Hing, of Oympie, storekeeper, was adjudged insolvent on his own petition ; first meeting, January 2, 1877 ; statement, December 30, 1876; W. H. Miskin, official trustee. In the matter of J. atd O. Harris, insolvents, the 7th of February, 1877, was fixed as the date for the last examination before the court of eaoh of the insolvents re spectively. In the matter of the application to fix the date of the last examination of Charles' Baker, an insolvent, it was ordered to be taken on February 7 before the court. Robert Williams, laborer, Brisbane, was adjudged in solvent in formd pauperia on his own petition; first sitting, December 27; statement, December 20 ;W. H. Miskin, official trustee.—On Thurs day last, in the insolvent estate of Henry Joseph Taudevin, of South Brisbane, Mr. Porter, from Mr. May's office, applied for a certificate of discharge. No order was made. On the same day A. R. Wettenhall, P.M., Goondiwindi, was appointed a commissioner for affidavits. William Henry Lacy, of Fortitude Valley, painter, has been adjudged insolvent upon bis own petition. The first meeting of creditors in the estate was fixed for January 8, the usual statement of liabilities, Ac, to be filed by the sth. Richard Taylor Couch, of Dalby, has been adjudged insolvent upon his own petition. The first meeting of creditors in the estate was fixed for the 29th instant, the usual statement of liabilities, &c.;, to be filed by the 27th. An addition to our already extensive array of Queensland almanacs is just to hand in the shape of the "Darling Downs Book Almanac, 1877" now published for the first time. The printer and publisher is Mr. W. H. Groom, of The Too- woomba Chronicle, and the information supplied has special reference to the district of Darling Downs. Besides a large number of useful hints especially valuable to those amongst whom the almanac is intended to circulate, including a field and garden calendar for each month in the year, the publication contains interesting descriptions of the rise and progress of Toowoomba, Warwick Stanthorpe, and Dalby, together with other use- ful information for both residents and visitors to those towns. The almanac also contains a concise outline of the new Land Act, as specially appli- cable to the Darling Downs, The book is well got up as far as the printing is concerned, and altogether reflects credit upon its publisher. 