ADVICE. In few ways are the characteristic peculiarities of different individuals more clearly brought to light than in tho way they give end Leek, tako or reject advice. Some peoplo with a good opinion of their own sagacity, and with a friendly interest in the welfare of their neighbours, are fond of volunteering as guides and directors, and are what Sam Weller called of 'the advice gratis order.' In litera ture, both religious and secular, from the Proverbs of Solomon down to the Pro verbial Philosophy of Martin Tupper, a vast amount of counsel has been given us, some very good, and some very indifferent, not to say bad. A wise man is needed io give advice, and it requires a certain amount of mental ability to appreciate and take it even when it is judicious. The self-conceit of ignorance and stupidity i3 ! amazing. It is as easy to pierce the hido , of a rhinoceros with small shot as to pene trate a dunce's brain with arguments. H'j is ensconsed in the impregnable fortress of his own dulnesa. What is this but to tepeat what was said by the wisest man of antiquity — ' Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with : a pestle, yet will not his f oolialincs3 de part from him.' Some people who could not be lectured out of their non sensical ways and ridiculous habits and customs may be laughed out of them. , In this way, the late Charles Dickens, j and the king of caricaturists, John Leech, I have done a great deal for our instruction ; as well as for our amusement. Where tlio voice of reason has failed to produce an im pression, Leech's inimitable pencil has i laid bare many a social sham, and given a death-blow to many a fashionable folly of the day; while no profound treatise on the absurdity of exaggeration and ' tall 1 talk' was ever so effective a reproof; to American boastfulness as the description of Hannibal Chollop's merit3, which j Dickens puts into the mouth of Elijah Pogram— ' Our fellow countryman,' said Pogram with enthusiasm, 'is a model of a man quite fresh from nature^ mould. He is a true-born child of 1 this free hemisphere, Yerdant as'-' the* mountains of our country; bright and Sowing as our mineral Licks ; unspiled fry withering conventionalities, as air our fcroad and boun-J!e3S perearers. Rough he may be, so air our barrs ; wild he may be, so air our buffalers. But he is a child of 2f atur7 and a child of Freedom, and his boastful answer to the despot and the tyrant is that his bright home is in the settin1 sun.' The lash of ridicule has done something to cure John Bull of his overbearing iniolence when travelling on the Continent of Europe. It is a sign of human advancement when people are amused and prnended by a laugh against themselves. To be duly effective, how ever, it should be kept in mind that ridicule must be fee 3 from malice, and that humour must be good-natured, other 'wise instead of folly being cured, e\i passions will only be excited. 'Happy are they,' says wise and laugliter-loving Benedick, 'that hear their detractions and can put them to mending/' and such people are always more readily moved by a good-humoured remonstrance than by a stern reproof. To the latter they are too apt to reply in the spirit of the Irishman, ?R ho being charged by a feNow-countryman with being a very quarrelsome person, in order to pruve the peacefulnes3 of his disposition replied, 'Jf you fay that again I'll knock you down.''' The folly of knight-errantry was exposed more effec tually by Cervantes in his Don Quixote than it could have been done by many volumes of ponderous argumentation. There are, no doubt, many people who in humility and sincerity ask the advice of those they believe wiser or better than themselves, with an honest intention to be directed by insight, sagacity and ex perience superior to their own; but there are still more, we fear, who consult their friends .simply to obtain, if possible, a confirmation of their own opinions and rui approval o£ their foregone con clusions. Sometimes people will even lay for advice which they do not intend to take. Medical men fipd this « ften to be the case. There is a story told of a gentleman who had injured his health by free living, being ordered by his doctor to drink only one glass of po*c v.ine a day, whereupon he got a glass liianufacturcd for the pin pose which held 311st a bottle of the baneful beverage. It frequently happens that people throw j hysic to the dogs, pitch p;lls ?nd potions tut of ?ftlndow, and chuckle at the thought of how they are cheating the doctor, without at all per ceiviny that they are robbing them selves v.kUe oi'ly bewildering him. In ancient times the simplicity of the counsel to ' wa?h and be clean' w?s ileeined ofiensive, and we have a counter part to this in the indignation awakened l-y Abcrnethy's ad\ice to an obese :il«lfcrn:nn to 'live on a shilling a day and earn it.'' The sj'uie idea is illustrated by ::n incident which occurred in New York. A wan of filthy personal habits consulted rn eminent physician there about lu'3 health. The doctor told him to go home and get a tnb filled with warm water, then to procure a sponge, a 3;ir:a piece of soap, pud several rough iowels ; then carefully to take off his cli'thcs, get into the the tub, rub him self v.-e!l over with the soap, and freely in -2 the sponge ; after this to dry himself v.ith the rough towels, and finally co put i n l.ii ulothea again. ' Why,' said the laticnt, '' this is very much the same as if you told me to go home and wash myself!' '? I :r.laiit.' said the physician, 'that it i3 Ltib'e to that olyxtiou !' Tli' ??sl' who seek advice from gentlemen \- f the lcijal profession often suffer from ilie ylorious uncertainty of the law. But {?till it is irue that iu a case of real diffi culty the nian who undertakes to be his own advocate, according to the old maxim, has a fool for a clk-nt. Many a disputed will, too, _ might have been so clearly stated Lad it been drawn up by a lawyer as to render litigation in reference to it impos sible. As sick people cheat their doctors, so criminals often deceive their legal advisers, either by telling them positive lies or by withholding a knowledge of all the facts of the case. Thus a guilty man frequently gets his deserts, whereas if lie had fully confided in hia ad vocate he might have got off. Indeed, some of the very worst offenders assert their innocence in tic-nance of the most palpable facts. The l-'oet Burns gives expression to a sad truth when he satirizes the habits of dis sipated husbands who refuse and despise the excellent exhortations of their wives iu favour of temperance and steady courses. Sow, a great deal depends on the way in which advice is thus given. Scolding does no good; preaching abstinence to a drunken man b a v.-aste of words; and curtain lectures to a sleepy Sir. Caudle are worse than useless, leading to simulated snoring or to objurgations both loud and deep. But gentle and kindly entreaty to avoid wrong-doing, its fatal consequences being $ ointed out in sorrow rather than angerj v.ill have- an influence upon any man with a spark of goodness left in his heart. How is it that women are more ant to advise men than men are to- give counsel io them I Is it because women are wiser and better than the stronger sex, or because they have a greater conceit of their own sagacity ? Or is it because men think that to talk seriously about right conduct to women would often he a misuse of pearls. Probably the true answer to this question lies in the keener sympathies of women, which place them more closely en rapport with those who seek their counsel. Unhappily, how ever, they often lack that knowledge of ihe world which is essential in giving good advice. Many a misadventure in life might *~iave been prevented if a girl had taken her father into her confidence, and' been guided by his sound judgment and varied experience of jnen and things. Young men, on entering upon the duties of their calling, would often be much benefitted by the wisdom of older men who have travelled the road on which they are taking the first steps. But few of them will listen with docility to lessons which have been learned by their seniors at the cost of many losses and much suffering from which they would gladly save their children, and conse quently the majority must buy wis dom with their own experience. As a rule we learn little from proverbs at the beginning of our career; at its close, we have been taught how wise many of them are. After all, the stimulus of pure affec tion, the guidance of true sympathy, and the inspiration of a noble example, do more to render people dutiful and noble than the wisest maxims of the sage3 of antiquity, or than the most carefully com pounded aphorisms of modern times. Worldly wisdom to be truly useful needs as its complement an heroic spirit and a loving heart. The President of the Legislative Council. — Our European telegram, pub lished in another column, announces the fact that the Hon. Wm. Milne, the Presi dent of the Legislative Council, has received the honour of knighthood. Sir Wm. Milne was elected member of the in t House of Assembly for the District of Oiikaparinga in the year 1857, and repre sented the district continuously until the rissolution of the fourth Parliament, in March, 18C8. He was elected a member of the Upper House in 1869, and was appointed President of the Council in July, 1873, in succession to Sir John Morphett. Sir Wm. Milne has held office in eight different Administrations since the establishment of responsible govern ment — four times as Commissioner of Crown Lands, twice as Commissioner of Public Works, and twice as Chief Secre tary. The title now conferred upon the President of the Legislative Council comes as the fitting sequel to his past public services. We hope he may live to wear the honour for many years to come. UKivEBsnr of Adflaidk.— The matricula tion examination for the presenf year is adver tised to commence to-day in 'the Twuriog F:hool, Grote-street. Supreme Court.— Mr. Justice Stow will attend in Chambers every day this week except Saturday. The following causes in Equity will be taken on Tuesday, September 5: — Maisey r. Wadfaam, and a petition to wind up the Balaklava Gold Mining Company, Limited. EhTKBTAiaiLbST. — A series of dissolving \Ie*s illustrative of the overland route w*U be exhibited tbia evening in St. Luke's Chorea Lectrre Hall. Abcbebt.— The firit meeting of the present sef-on in connection with the Adelaide Archery Club was held on Saturday aftamoon, on the e rounds adjoiring St. Peter's Collegiate Schools. There was a good muster of members, and refreshments were provided by Mr. E. EL Grafe. Foub-inEandf.— On Saturday, September 2, tkree first-class teems, skilfully handled, were driven through the busy portion of the city by Ifetsre. Launcelot Stirling, John Hart, end B. Barr Smith, In the inside of the coaches were various friends of the owners. The unusual eight attracted general notice. The Schocseb Ctgnet.— Mr. G. R. 8elth received a telegram on Saturday, September 2, from Mr. F. Bevilaqua, Fivoli Bay, stafag that the Cygnet was likely to be got off on Sunday morning. The vessel is all right Meat fbom Meixotjrne.— The A'dinga has brought round several carcasses of beef and some cattle all in fine condition. Fbbatum. — We are informed that it is not 'aptain P,oynter, of the steamer Lubra, that hf 9 been appointed master of the L'ghtulng, but Captain John George Piton. Received. — Australian Christian Pioneer, ' Leaflets for the People,' by the Rev. Peter Campbell ; HouUt, Australian Independent and rmbylerian. Station Property.— The Border Watch learns that the Ardno West Station has changed hands, Mr. Saunders, of Geelonp, being the purchaser, rhe price Is said to be about £10,000. Peojected New Ste/m Shiphnq Compant. — In another column we publish the prospectus of a Company which it is proposed to establish for the purpose of increasing the steam shipping facilities between Australia and New Z .'aland. The projected capital is £250,000, in 25,000 shares of £10 each. The list of provisional Directors oomprieessome influential names. The Botamc Gardens.— Saturday afternoon beirjg most favourable as regards the weather a goodly number of people visited these gardens, where the sscond programme concert of the season was given. Tho musical treat appeared to be thoroughly appreciated by the visitors. The programme embraced several choice selec* tions, r.nd was gone through in the following order:— Overture^ ' Dichter und Bauer;' valse, 11 Tanz Perlen;' u Ganeviove.de Brabant,' intro ducing the ever popular air 'Les deux Gen darmes;' polka, ' Bruder Lustig;' selections from Wallace's ' Maritana;' ' Ibrahim Pasha' qua drilles; the cavatina 'All is Lost' from Son nambu'a;' and 'Novara,' a galop, by Friderichs. The Australian Debby.— The favourite for this race has won after a fast race, as will be saen by our telegraphic report of the opening day of the Spring Meeting at Randwick. The time given is equal to the fastest English Derby time, but we must remember that in Sydney flying starts are given in timing races. Sir Hercule3 Robinson seems to have a fine colt in Tocal, the winner of the Hawkesbury Guineas, who seems to have run the Chrysolite colt a close race. His performances are a credit to The Barb, his sire. Valentia and Robin Hood Beem to have run a fast race in the Spring Stakes. Theatbe Royal.— The performance on Satur day night, September 2, at tills place of amuse ment consisted of a repetition of the previous n'ght's bill—' Rory O'More' and the burlesque of ' Ixion.' It was the hut appearance of Miss Rcsa Towers on the South Australian stage pre vious to her departure for England, where she Is to finish her education before again treading the boards. The last night of a theatrical season never witnesses a large audience— people hold themselves back for the next novelty ; and it wrs so on Saturday night, the house being but poorly patronized. 'Ixion' was again thoroughly enjoyed. Messrs. Baker ani Farron are anaeunced to appear this evening in 'Conrad and Lizetto.' They seem to have won golden opinions for their acting in Sydney, from whence they have come direct here. Unsuitable Immtgbaktb.— A. gentleman has ca'led upon us to complpin of the unsuitable immigrants that are now end again introduced to the colony. He had occasion to require two labourer, and one of the labour agents sent him two Italia na, neither of whom understood English. The consequence was that signs were the only method of communication that could be adopted to make the foreigners understand what was wanted of them, and this at last proved so inconvenient that the employer was compelled to d;spense with their sei vices. The Rainfali.— Our table of the rainfall registered at the Observatory, published in another column, is brought down to the end of Ausust, showing a total for this year of but 9-371 inches. This is without exception the ?lowest registration in Adelaide for the first eight months since the colony was founded. Tho .next driest seasons tor the corresponding periods of the year are— 1848, 10-5P5 inches; 1859, 10 -73^ inches; 1867, 10-949 inches; 1869, 10-321 inches. Lart year, on the contrary, the depth registered at the Observatory to the end of August was 22*084 inches, thus more than twice the quantity of either of the other years referred to above. As the rainy season is now drawing to a close serious apprehensions are beginning to be enter .iaiaed as to the coming harvest. Mieexno.— On Wednesday evening, August 30, about sundown, the wife of Mr. Henry Douglas, lately a storekeeper at Happy Valley, left her s'Bter's (a Mrs. Kelsie) residence, OrHalloran Bill, and las not since been heard of. For some time she has been of unsound mind, and for that reason has been staying with her sister, Eothatshs might be looked after. She managed, however, to get away onnoticed on the evening men tioned, and although the residents havemuBtered weD, and, under the direction of Police-trooper Dtchert, searched night and day up to the present time not a trace of her has been found. Ihe Clarendon police and residents have joined in the search. Tbk Cause of TfjiPFRakce.— A very practical movement in advocation of this cause, at the irstigatioii of its leading supporters in the me tropolis, was inaugurated on Saturday evening-, September 2, by a prayer meeting at the Stow Church Lectote Hall, cenducted by the Rev. S. Knight, which brought together a large number of the Meads of the cause. This initiatory step was followed on Bunday afternoon, September '6, by a gathering in the Town Hall. The Rev. J. Nicholson delivered a very interesting discourse in exemplification alike of the blessings of tem perate babit3 and the demoralizing tendencies cf intemperance. The rev. gentleman's remarks gained him a very attentive audience, which in point of numbers augurs well for the success and popularity of the movement. By special arrange ment allusion was made to the temperance ques tion by various preachers at either the morning or evening sen ices of Sunday at a number of places of worship m Adelaide. Meetings are to be held duiiog the week in the leading public halls in the city and suburbs, and the services of some of the mo3t energetic advocates of temperance have t sen secured, chiefly in the caoacity of leotureij for there occasions. On Saturday evening next the Rev. J. Lyall will conduct a second piayer meeting at the Stow Church Lecture Hall; and the ' temperance camp? rgn,' r?iths3 been deiignated, will close on the fol lowing afternoon by a sermon from the Rev. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., in the Town HalL Mb. Giles's Explobations.— At the meeting of the City Council to be held this day Mr. Councillor Conigmve is to move the follow ing motion : — 'That an address from th;s Council be presented to Mr, Frnest Gile3, the explorer, on his return to Adelaide, oosgratulatirjg him upon the safe return of Eirrtelf and his party, and acknowledg ing the important services he has rendered to the cause of geographical science.' The Month's Abbivals. — Doling the month of August the arrivals fe'l off in consequence of lower freights offering. There were 36 extra colonial arrivals without counting the Aldinga, viz.:— 8ix ships registering 5,143 tons, seven steamers, 3,564 tons; seventeen barques, 6,123 tons; two brigs, 521 tons; four schooners, 599 tonB; making an aggregate of 15,950 tons. The cargoes brought were of the usual miscallaneoua kind, five being from London with general mer chandise, one from Port Loufc with sugar, and a very email schooner from West Australia with jprrah timber. There were 14 from Newcastle to keep up the coal supply, and one from Foochow brought the first of the season's tea, creating a little excitement by her early arrival. The BuDi brought a cargo of fuel for the Burra Company, and two vessels from HobartTown contributed a supply of timber and palings. From Melbourne there were five in addition to the Aldinga, and from Sydney two, one of which was the Glenelg, steamer, on her home ward voyage. There was a cargo of New Zealand produce per Oceola, and from the Baltic one vessel called foi orders, but w?3 passed on to Melbourne. A vessel from America with an assortment of notions and kerosine com pletes the list. It will be seen there was only one arrival from Port Louis with sugar, so that others may reasonably be expected in the course cf a month or so. From China there are three vessels on the way with tea. Free Trade in Victoria.— At ^ a recent meeting of the Free-Trade League in Victoria Professor Hearn submitted the following pro posed card of membership: — 'To aim at a return, as speedily as justice permits, to a tariff founded upon the following principles:— L To have for its sole ebject the raising ef tbe neces sary amount of Customs revenue. 2. To impos - upon the taxpayers no other burden than that involved in the pajment of the tax. 3. Tj involve the least possible cost of collection. 4. To involve tho least possible impediment to trade. 5. To involve the least possible inter ference with domestic industry. 6. To aim at the union of all who can co- operate on these principles in a great constitutional effort to pre vent the ' maintenance and extension of provec- j tion.' ' After considerable dismsios it was decided to abandon any lengthy exposition of principles on a card, and to instruct the Execu tive Committee to have printed on the cards of membership the first resolution passed at the public meeting held at Hockiu's Booms, viz.: — 'Object— The abolitien of all taxes levied through the Custom- House for tho benefit of one part of the community at the expense of the bulk of the population, and the removal of every existing obstacle to the unrestricted employment of industry and capital.' Gas Testkg and Measuring.— The Argus, In commenting upon the questions affecting the quality and price of gas, remarks:—' Since the action of the South Molbourne Gas Company in lowering the price of its manufacture to con* sumers in the city and suburbs induced keen competition among our various Gas Companies many complaints have been publicly made in regard to the quality of the gas supplied, and also in regard to the monthly gas bills rendered, which accounts several correspondents alleged to be as high as they had ever been, if not higher; and for the satisfaction of the public we Lave endeavoured to find out how the matter really stands. We shall now submit the fruits of our enquiries, and first in regard to the state* ment that gas bills are now as high as ever. If this is really so generally or in such a conside rable number of instances as to make it unlikely to be the result of accident or of blundering on the part of the Gas Companies' employe'?, then the defrauded consumers have themselves chiefly to blame. The indications on the face of a domestic gas-meter are as easy to read as the dial of a clock, and if any one permits himself to be robbed rather than take the trouble to glance at his meter once a month, then he deserves no better fate. No doubt the mode in which the Gas Companies do their business proves a slight obstacle in the way of the con turner who would like to chuck his account. A rrifl.i calls once a month and examines the meter, and some time after the bill is sent in. If the bill was made out on the spot and left, then it could be compared with the indication on the meter at the time or when the master of the house returned home in the evening. Or failing this, a memorandum of the month's consumption might be entered in a pass-book kept in the bouse for that purpose, or put on record in any ether way that xrlgkt be found convenient. Some such plan as this would probably ba found convenient and satisfactory by tha Companies themselves; but even under present arrange ments e»ery one can protect himself against overcharge by the gas Tm»i at the expense of half-a-minute'8 work a month— that is, so far e% overcharging may be effected by mis-reading of the meter. Another theory has been propounded in explanation of the alleged fact that the lighting-up of dwellings costs as much with gas at 5s. lOd. or 7s. 6d. per l,0C3 feet as when it was nominally 9s. or 10s., viz., that the gas supplied is reduced by being diluted with atmospheric air. Of course, if this were so, it would De as great a fraud upon the consumer as if the Companies' Inspectors were to misread the dials of the meter to hfa disadvantage. It is not gas that the public pays for, but light, and to supply in full measure a gas with low illum inating power would be just as direct an injustice as to charge him with a greater quantity than had been supplied. But we do not find that there is any ground for the belief that tbe_ gas has been ' let down' in quality since competition eetin. The fact rather Eeems to bo that the Companies are competing in quality as well as in cheapness, and that the ga3 has improved. When the reader reflects that it coats about as mush to distribute gas as to make it, he will sae thatit would be a mo=t wasteful proceeding to dis tribute atmospheric air all over the city and suburbs. Besides, as a matter of fact, the ga3 Companies, instead cf impoverishing their pro duct by diluting it, enrich it by adding a certain percentage of kerosene shale to the coal put into their retorts ; and the shale costs about 80h. per ton, while the best Newcastle coal C33ta them no more than 2Ss, to 31s. Rumoubed Wah Between England and Russia.— Tbe Argus of August 26 states that on the pre:edins day it ' received a telegram from Ssdney btatim? that the Governor, Sir Hercules RoticBon, had received a despatch, though not of a recent date, intimating that war was immi nent between England and Russia. Toe proba bility is,' add' the fame journal, ' that by the last mail, which left London early in July, some private communication to the above effect wa3 actually received, and that rumour has magni fied it into a despatch. Now, however, the rather suggestive intimation como3 from Sydney that the naval authorities there have reseived a telegram that the war vessels on the Australian Station should not at present be sent beyond the reach of telegraphic communication.' Mb. Henri Tailor in thk North— The party consisting of the Hon. E. Ward, M.P., Minister of Agriculture and Education, the Hen. T. Hogarth, M.I-G, and Mr. J. G. F3rcEay, M.P., who conducted Mr. Henry Taylor, the Honorary Commissioner of the National Agi icultural Labourer*)' Union, through the Northern Areas, returned to Adelaide on Friday evening, September 1. We have had an interview with Mr. Taylor, who expresses him self agreeably surprised with the beauties of the country, as, from what he had heard of South Australia, he had expected to find something approximate to a sandy desert in the interior of the country ; in the place of which, however, he was ple;«ed to find beautiful ranges of hills, rolling Iand3, park-like areas of immense extent, and unlimited acres of country — bush and scrub —much of which offers no impediment to the ploughshare in turning up most fertile plains. As to the crops they are anything but cheering, but not by any means hopelss in many places provided they get rain. Indeed, the wheat is quite healthy, although short and' backward. Mr. Taylor finds it difficult to arrive at any information which is sufficiently trustworthy to enable him to form any estimate of tha climate as regards rainfall; but as the present productive fields were once Slid to be unfit for wheat-growing the presumption is that the land further north may also prove better than h by some considered. On tbe whole, as far as {he settlements extend, the farmers are hopeful, and certainly not discouraged. Ha is not surprised eo much at tho formation of townsbip3 or their rapid growth as at the substantial character of the buildiDgg, which are mostly of Btone, aud the surroundings are such as to give one the opinion that the occupiers intend to make themselves a home in a fuller sense of tho term than that of a dwelling-house. Tne InatitatO3 which are springing up everywhere are very gratifying to Lim, but he expresses a hope that both reading, room* and libraries may be thrown open freely to the public, irrespective of membership, and supported by rate, as is done in many towns in England, thereby affording a migratory population, which is always considerable In new colonies, facilities for spending their leisure in the most profitable manner. Tho numerous ' deputations' which to;k advantage of the Minister of Agriculture's presence in the North gave Mr. Taylor an opportunity of seeing something of the social and political life of the country people, and hp regards the free and liberal political institutions of the country as a grand educational power, and a bulwark against injurious discontent. Mr. Taylor attended a kangaroo hunt at tho invitation of the Redhill and Crystal Brook Hunt Club, and although he is by no mesas a sportsman he can well appre ciate the enjoyments which are derived by the meeting of ' distant neighbours,' and a chase on the field, together with the 'social' at 1 o'clock. He heard some talk amongst the sports men to the 6ffect that the huntsman should wear & red coat, and he has no doubt but that in duo time they will settle down to the old country pastimes with all their paraphernalia. He expresses a hope, however, that the people will sever degraue themselves by breeding wild animalB for tho cake of sport, as is done in Eng land. He came in contact with several persons who knew Mm in the old country, from whom he received nothing but the heartiest assurancas. On the whole Mr. Taylor is well pleased with his visit The New Post Bridge.— After many years of fpitbful service the old structure has vanished root and branch, and but a few days back the last pile was pulled out and taken away. In crier to pro\ide in a very inefficient manner for the traffic, which is daily increasing, another skeleton of a bridge has been hastily put up, and over It the vehicles have a very poor substitute for even the old arid muoh-abused structure. With a small matter of forbearance it will per haps Berve its purpose until the new one Is opened; but the present prospect of that event is somewhat remote, although it is pleasant to observe that the workmen are busily engaged In erecting some portions of it. Unlike the bridge over the Murray, which was made first and approaches left for subsequent formation, the approaqb.es have here been a'.mott completed for some time. The ironwork forming the swing portion, with ifs ad joiniDg piers, isnow being made r.nderthe superintendence of Mr. H. Parker — a gentleman who was engaged specially on account of his practical knowledge es a bridge builder. He has had a long task with the Murray Bridge, where some of the cylinders wore sunk in the bed of the river to a depth of 96 feet from the water-line. He treats tho matter of the Port Bridge as a mere bagatelle, and if the material were all to hand and no hitch occurred, the bridge would be completed in from eight to twelve months. It is to be an extremely fine piece of work, having two openings in the centre capable of accommodating the largest vessels visiting the Port. The whole of the swinging part will rest on a duster of nine piers, each of which must be sunk to the bed rook. There are on each side two more piers composed of four cylinders each, and some idea may be formed of the weight, when it is stated each cylinder weighs about a ton to the foot. A staging is erected iu the river, and two of the tutes were placed in posi tion on Saturday. The3e will be lowered as rapidly as possible, and prior to drop ping below the water ? line, additional sections will be placed on the top. It is hoped that the strata will permit of dry working within the tube, so as to clear away the debris and allow it to drop to its bed; but if it is found impracticable then the digging-machine and pneumatic apparatus will be brought to bear. There are about 250 tons of gear already to hand, and more is now afloat. As soon as possible the work will be so pushed on as to increase the number of hands engaged. At present there are only 16 or 17 men at work, and it wQl only be when more piers are ready for placing that a full number can be employed. The roadway will be 33 feet in the clear, in addition to two 7-feet toot ways; and for strength it wQl be equal to carry the weight of any rail way train. The opening will be a great advan tage to the navigation at some future period, but at present It does not appear to be much needed. It wr.s contemplated to place bdlow the river-bed a tunnel through which to carry gas and water pipes, but it is not yet decided whether to adopt this plan or to cross the river higher up. It is to be hoped it will not be long before the material is to hand, so that a full gang of men may be put to work, and gat the bridge completed with as little delay as possible. Great Cobar Copper Mining Company. — Although this Company was established in Sydney much of the produce raised comes to Adelaide, and there are, we believe some share- holders in the colony. A few particulars, there- fore, concerning the property may be of interest to our readers. The Directors in their report to the end of June last state that 'satisfactory progress has been made since the amalgamation with the Southern Cobar Company was effected. Resolutions confirming the amalgamation were carried at meetings duly convened, and every- thing required by the deeds of settlement was fully complied with. At a special general meet- ing, held on December 1, 1875, the articles of association were submitted and passed, and Directors and Auditors elected. The Company was registered on January 10, 1876, under the Companies Act. The whole of the land, com- prising 160 acres of freehold, and 520 acres con- ditionally purchased land, has been vested in the Company. Out of the 80,000 shares forming the capital 71,638 have been issued. The Directors hope that holders of old shares will ledge them for reissue without delay. The quantity of ore smelted has been 4,266 tons, producing in fine copper, coarse copper, and regulus, equal to 529 tons of refined copper.' The proceeds of ore sold and the value of that now at the mine amount to £35,828, and the expenses £25,955, showing a surplus of £9,873 on the half-year's operations, About 120 men are employed on the mine, Arrival of IMMIGRANTS. — The arrival of the Forfarshire so olosely on that of the Hydaspea added 399 souls to the population, the total number in both vessels making 1,057. The immigrants appear to be a superior class of people. Those on board the Forfarshire are under the superintendence of Dr. John W. Littler, who reports very favourably of their general behaviour on the voyage. This vessel brought immigrants on a previous occasion, and Ehe was so well adapted for the purpose that she was again chartered. Soon after leaving the old country several cases of measles occurred, fcome of which prcved fatal, but by prompt and jcdLious treatment the disease was era-iioated loDg before arrival in our waters, therefore no necessity existed for detaining the vessel in quarantine, consequently she was towed in on Sunday. The single women per Hyd^spas having a preferential claim to the Home had been removed there on Saturday morning, so those on beard the Forfarshire have to remain for a time until a clearance is effeo'ed. Amongst the girls will be found somo exceedingly useful servants, that is if appearances are any critsrion, Amocgst the families there are large numbers of children with useful artizans at t'ae head. In the foremost compartment the single men are said to be for the most part labourer, but there are many tradesmen amongst tham. Oa the vessel's Arrival on Saturday Dr. Duncan was early on his visit of inspection, and passed a great number of those on board, but the emergency of the occasion induced the indefatigable doctor to Fgain visit tho vessel and complete the task on Sunday. - Spimtjsm and Tbickett.— The Syilnay Echo rjlstes that since the it ma, that was hsld to ascertain the remit of tho boat-race between Trickett and Sadler scores of people have sat around tables until their arms ached and they themselves felt ridiculous trying to get some communication from the spirit world to allay the universal anxiety respecting; the fata of tbe newly-won championship, and in several in stances the table tipped Trickett as the winner in tbe match with Lumsden. Bat the most explicit communication was one received through the planchette on Saturday night, the 26th August, when a spirit announced himself as James Hanson, boatswain of the frigate Wa3p, one of the fleet under Sir Hyde Parker, with Kelson second in command at the battle of Copenhagen in 1801. The Wasp — according to tiansen— got ashore in the Great Belt at the time when the Danish fleet was defeated, and he with others died in battle. The old naval hero was interrogated as to his knowledge respecting the boat race, and he very civilly wrote to say that he did not himself know what the result was, but he thought he could ascertain. He left the planchette for a few minutes, and then, returning, the pencil wrote in a clear and vigoroua 6tyle of handwriting, 'I am told Trickett won easily by 10 lengths.' The telegram, which was received in Sydney the following* Monday, to the effect that the (match had fallen through, proved rather trying to the believers in spiritualism. 'A VAGABoiiD' at Lunatic Asylums. — A writer of considerable ability, under the turn de plume of ' A Vagabond,' has recently been contributing to the Melbourna Argus a series of articles on tho Eew and Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylums. He sums up his impressions as fol lows :— ' If at Yarra Bend I saw no illtreat ment, an absence of clouting, and a general passive kindneci towards patients, it was not, I believe, because the men originally are any better than their fellows at Kew— it arises solely from tho fact that at Yarra Bond the lunatic is treated as suffering from a disease, and the at tendant is his nurse, whilst at Kew the lunatic is a prisoner, and the attendant his gaoler. It may ba ssid that I did not see the refractory wards at Yarra Bend,' I don't expect that a trouble some patient would be treated too mildly there, still I think the influence of the place would penetrate even to those wards. It was with no particular desire to examine into the conduct of the attendants that I visited Yarra Bend, but to contrast the workings of the cottage and the 'close' systems; and from observation, from enquiries amongst the patients, and from the testimony of every attendant I questioned, I have some to the c inclusion before stated, that the building of Eew Asylum waa one of the greatest mistakes made in Victoria, and the only rational plan of treating Insanity is by the one instituted at Gheel, the cottage and boarding-out system.' Repetition of Telegrams.— In February lart the Chamber of Commerce of Melbourne brought under the notice of the Postmaster-General the hardship and injustice of ceitain regulations adopted at the recent International Telegraph Convention held at St. Peteraburgh, particu larly those which compelled a receiver in the event of repetition, of a word to pay for seven extra words through no fault of either sender or receiver, and the limitation of a word to 10 lttters. By the last mail tha following answer was received:— 'General Post-Office, London, June 6, 1876. Sir— I am directed by the Post master-General to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th Merch last, enclosing a copy of a letter from the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce in Melbourne on the subject of two of the regulations adopted at the Internatiosal Telegraph Conference at Si. Petersburgn; and to inform you, in reply, that 83 regards the first, this department is nego tiating with tho different admurrtrations con cerned, through the International Telegraph Office at Berne, for relaxation of the present rule, which, allows the reimbursement of the amount paid for the repetition of a mutilated telegram only on condition of the telegram having been collated in the first instance. Should the department be able to carry out its views, it will be possible for the addressee of any telegram to obtain a repetition of tha whole, or a portion of it, by depositing the necessary amount, which amount will be returned to him if it should prove that the telegram has been incorrectly transmitted. The present rule was intended to put a stop to tho abuse of the privilege of the free repetition of telegrams; and a complete return to the former state ef things is not to be desired; but it is thought that by erasing the words ' eiant collationne' from paragraph three of Regulation 64 of the St Peteraburgh Conven tion, the public wQl be enabled to obtain legiti mate corrections of their telegrams, whilst it will be in the power of the telegraph administrations to prevent abuses. As regards the Bocond point, viz., the maximum length of a word, I aai directed to inform you that the decision to restrict the length of words to 10 letters we3 arrived at in consequence of the practice which prevailed very extensively amongst the senders of commercial messages of making up messages con eMing wholly of very long words. It was felt to be imperative to lay down some restriction on the length of words, and this limit is not considered unnecessarily severe.— I have, &o;,, S. A.. Blackwood.' Exeter Cathedral. — After the lapse of nearly five years since the work was commenced, and by the expenditure— including special gifts— of some £40,000, the chief section of the internal restoration of Exeter Cathedral has been com pleted, and the choir and transepts are now reopened. The restoration of the nave will now at once be taken in hand, and will cost some where about £9,000. In addition to thfe, it is said, there are likely to be several special gifts, The Earl of Devon has stated his Intention of putfog in a family memorial window, and one to the memory of Sir John Coleridge is now in hand. One too Many. — A visitor from the country, who occupied a seat in the Speaker's gallery in the Legislative Assembly last evening, remarks the Argus of September 1, evinced a disposition to join in the debate on the Old Metal Dealers Bill, but was promptly ejected by the messen gers of the House. ^Oveb Nice.— The Argus says:— 'The fasti diousness of some of tho recipients of public charity was well illustrated reoently at the Benevolent Asylum. The Superintendent brought before the Committee two paralytic old^men who had persistently refused to eat the mincemeat prescribed for them because of their complaint, the one for a week and the other for two months. Thi3 meat, he said, was fresh every day, and was nicely spiced. One of these inmates, a German, said he had eaten the food once, but could not a second time, whilst the other, an Irishman, protested that he could not stomach It, because it reminded him of sausage-meat. Mr. Heath mentioned that he had offered to let the men have beef tea instead of mincemeat, but they refused it, and wanted sHcal meat, which would be likely to choke then*' 