SOCIAL AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND. LonDON, SEPTEMBER 21. OUR magnificent outburst of virtuous indign union of, the detestable conduct of the Turk in Bulgaria his provoked some sarcastic comments on the part of a few Mahommedan sympathisers, one of whom has just forwarded to the Turkish papers the account of a public n who, after seconding a resolution denouncing the atrocities in Bulgaria, got di tick, went home, thrashed his wife with a pewter pot, and is now undergoing two months' imprisonment, with hard labour, for so doing. But this is not all. A gentleman connected with the Turkish Embassy proposes to collect all the English newspapers during a single week, and tabulate the various murders and other crimes recorded therein is a specimen of what board life in England, with all its. boasted Christianity and civilization, really is. But two blacks will not make a white, and were our social condition ten times worse than it really is, it would not justify the barbarities perpetrated by the Turks on their Christian neighbours. Nevertheless) it would not, be a bad thing were the English people to become acquainted with the evil things which can be said against them. It might assist in stimulating the work of self-reformation. Certainly we have no lack of advice in this direction, for a deficiency of plain speaking is not one of the weaknesses of the present age. If Cobbett were alive he would rejoice at the manner in which even bishops call a spade a spade. Take the case of the Bishop of Manchester. At this moment he is one of the most popular clergymen in the United Kingdom. And why? Because he invariably speaks the language of common sense. He believes in the union of Church and people, not in the separation of clergy and laity. Dr. Frazer is one of those who believe in guiding the tastes of the people: Speaking of the stage, he declares that nothing can he more foolish than to denounce all theatrical amusements. " Whatever we may say," he urges, " people will go to the play- house." Such being the case, he would take advantage of their tastes to guide them right: ' 'While sternly setting his face against sensuous adaptations of French, pieces, he would encourage people to witness Irving's delineation of the Danish Prince', or Barry Sullivan's ' representation of the crook backed tyrant. < Recently at the opening of a new Co-operative "Hall at Ramsbottom, in Lancashire, the Bishop, in the course of his address, emphatically observed that he did not think there was anything of very much more important e at that moment for the benefit of the body politic, to which we belonged than that there, should be opportunities placed within' the reach of the working classes of suitable, healthful, and at the same time innocent, recreation. Really the temptations which" particularly in our large centres of industry, such as Manchester, lay'in'the'way of a young man; and eyes of young man who wished to be steady yere so numerous and p<) besetting on almost every side that he sometimes hardly knowhow young men kept' themselves steady at all. Theatres, publichouses, free 'and cases, "Argyles, skating rinks, music saloons, casinos, Belle Vue, "" Pomona planes likes these, all of which tempted young men to spend money and very often to form bad acquaintances and to" contract bad habits, were spread around iii great numbers ;' but if he were asked what places of amusement in Manchester he could thoroughly recommend a young stars who wished to be steady and keep himself respectable to frequent, he believed his fingers, would be enough for the purpose of counting' them.. It is a significant illustration of the improved condition of theatrical taste in this country that both opera bouffe and ballot dancing of the cannery type are less attractive than good play or comedies well acted. At the present moment there is not a theatre' or music hall in the United Kingdom in which the can-can is danced, and the only metropolitan place of amusement in which opera bouffe forms a feature is the notorious Alhambra. On the other hand we have Henry V. drawing enormous audiences at the Queen's, while on Saturday Drury Lane will reopen with Richard III. This is encouraging at any rate, to all who desire to behold the prevalence of a sounder and purer taste. This is the season of congress. That of the British Association at Glasgow has just terminated, those of the Trades' Unionists at Newcastle and the Iron and Steel Institute at Leeds have recently commenced ; while that of the Social Science Association at Brighton will begin in two or three weeks hence. There is little of novelty in any of the proceedings to report, save that the British Association have decided upon investigating; certain of the alleged phenomena of spiritualism, a step not unlikely to lend to disputes and discussions innumerable. One of the most practical results of the meeting of the Iron and Steel Institute has been the appointment, in compliance with a suggestion from the Foreign Office, of a deputation to visit various continental cities with the view of promoting free trade news with respect to English iron. In the course of the proceedings, Mr. Lothian Hell. MJ'.,' brought before the meeting the report of the American iron trade, politically, historically, and statistically considered, which he said he had received since his return from the United States. He regretted its tone very much, especially such a remark in it as this, " The industrial policy of Great Britain had been to make laws for the advancement of the interests of the ruling classes, and it had never sought the elevation of the working classes." Having read other similar expressions in the report, he said he was at a loss to understand from whose pen they could have emanated. In his own hearing, as well as in this report, English labour was spoken of as pauper labour, and he intended to examine upon what grounds it was that such assertions were made. He believed that he could show that the English ironmasters were not entitled to be spoken of in such shameful terms as this writer used. The president (Mr. Clarke, of Dowlais) also spoke upon the unpleasant tone of the report, and characterised it as an unfair attack upon England. The writer had quoted a report of the Mena von mining population in 1950 to apply to 1876, while no country, not even the United States, had made such progress as they had done and no one who knew anything of the British working-classes would quote a report of 1850 except to make a comparison between working-classes now and a quarter of a century ago We would here mention that the report in question, of which we also have a copy is, of our own personal knowledge, utterly unreliable as regards its representation of the social condition of the English ironworkers as a body. At the Trades' Union Congress, it was resolved that trades unionism and co-operation were not necessarily antagonistic principles ; but it is very doubtful whether the unionists will, as a class, become more disposed to embark in co-operative enterprise, especially after the recent disastrous failures in connection with co-opera- I tire ironworks and collieries. While the co-operative trading system has been a marvellous success in this country, that of co- operative production has been a failure, save when conducted on the joint stock principle. The Shirlatid Co-operative colliery, purchased about thirteen months ago, for the sum of £G!),0e)0, by the South Yorkshire Miners' Association, for the purpose of showing the coal-miners the rate of wages they ought to receive from ordinary colliery proprietor, has proved a complete failure and has gone- into liquidation. It had been worked at a loss from the very day of purchase. On the other hand, the principle of agricultural operatic appears to make steady progress. Following up their former experiments, the executive committee of the new Farm Labourers' Union have decided upon buy- ing two more small estates, one in Surrey, the other in Nottinghamshire, for gardening and! agricultural purposes. By-the-bye. it may appear strange that the farm labourers' agitation should it have so rapidly sub sided, but it is explained by the extensive rise in wages which has taken place. In the midland counties good labourers have no difficulty in obtaining from 18s. to '23s. per week. In a few days were to have a dairy show at the Agricultural Hall, and a silk and silkworm' below" at the Crystal Pal eve is spoken of, the latter is a not unlikely event, considering the enormous advance in the price of silk. Within the last eight weeks the price of China silk has risen 80 per cent., and that of Bengal silk as per cent. The consequence is that our great silk merchants, after years of loss and suffering, find themselves on the point of making enormous fortunes. The rise of' price appears to have been occasioned by the complete failure of the silk crop in Southern Europe, a contingency, frequently predicted by experienced persons. According to the late; official account from the south of Franco, The excitement in the silk market at Lyons continues unabated, and the transactions were larger even than during the past few weeks of activity. In a single day there were sold to arrive, besides large transactions on the spot, upwards of 2000 bales of China silk. Prices continue to advance from day to day was almost from hour to hour. And now, after four years of depression, the rise has within two months been so rapid and great as to carry quotations almost to the highest point reached during the dear times from 1865 to 1870. The demand for silk goods continues very active, and stocks were pretty well cleared out." One of our daily papers observes that "we have before us the circular of a well-known firm. from which we learn that in England during the last few weeks China silk has increased in price up to 6s. per pound, Japan silk up to 4s., Bengal 4s. 6d., and the same with regard to-Canton silk! Thus, quite suddenly. large holders of silk stock find their goods doubled' in value, for the rises in price began in July." Good news this for colonial seri culturists, especially those who have persistently advocated the accliinnt;zaiioii of various races of silk worms in Australia Sericulture is an industry which ought to well repay the exertions of all Australian? who care to devote their attention to its development, and it is not unlikely that the appearance of Mrs. Bladen's letters in the Times may lead several of the leading silk growers in Southern Europe to turn their after tion to the Antipodes as a new and more promising field for their labours. The failure of the match between Trickett and Lumsden is to be regretted on various grounds, not the least important being the unfavourable impression which the shabby treatment experienced by Bickett must inevitably create in colonial aquatic cir les At the same time it must be mentioned that the prevalence of trickery in aquatic contests in this country has prevented the undoubted merits of lucken from being readily recognised by the Eagle h people The truth is, Mr Punch and his p> others were too earnest, too thoroughly straightforward to suit the views of those who live by " bookmaking ' There is nothing mr professional betting man detests so much as a racer who honestly sames to win This is the whole secret of the affair. I rickett had the professional betttngwoild against him But why on earth should this influence public opinion to the least possible extent > The Standard has spoken strongly in favour of a subscriptiOn to Trickett, but the idea has not been cordially responded to This is a pity, for so far as we can judge, he is a man who deserves our j apathy. Moreover, he has acted like the gentleman during his stay in this country, and it is not pleasant to think he should have occasion to remember his visit with dissatisfaction Colonial opinion is best man to be felt in this country. The other day a young man was accused of highway robbery, and committed for trial at the Middlesex sessions On the case being heard the counsel for the prisoner, Mr Montague Williams, appealed to the Court to let him off on the ground that he had hitherto borne a good character, and that his friends would deposit with the prison authorities a sum sufficient to pay his passage to the colonies. In reply, the Judge (Mr Servant Cox) asked the learned counsel if he knew what happened last year in in a case which he trieS and where a conviction followed, and a similar application was made, that a young man should be sent out to Australia by his friends in a newspaper sent from Australia to the Secretary of State for the Colonies there was inserted a strong protest against the justices in this country declining to pass sentence upon criminals on the ground that they would be sent out to the colonies instead of punishing them at home It was further stated that if that system was acted upon a very strong remonstrance would be made to the Government of this country to prevent such a course in future That communication was also forwarded to one of the magistrates who was on the Bench at the trial of that prisoner, and consequently (said Sergeant Cox) he thought he could not enter into any such arrangement, and therefore the prisoner would be put back and bro i gin up for sentence on the first day ofjhene\\.t sessions This decision i i important, as it will act as a precedent, moreover it is understood to have received the approval of both the Colonial Office and the meat experiment. The other day î«T?f.w'f!e8h of unsound English meat we" Sü*JK2SÄ Onthevry same day several tons of fruit, di t arrived from Texas in splendid 1 conaitlL " 'rental is a lowly sale. In fact -Vincrican felt , for a high price in Newgate marke and the vX*"^ and retail butchers purchase it with readE Sales! Daily News observes that the first sale of Xmas meat was held on the 6th June, when it is beef and 72 of mutton were disposed of. by" about 100 carcases on the advance ST at 745 weekly Last week 210 caroa^S^&fi; Wednesday evening there in "lit have 1 half a passing through the streets of Gaw so The cattle market the uncommon procession if 33 lorries each laden with three to foSLÍ meat. The f. eight paid for carriage to Saw isotope A,i,r1,hw"on first week S To £1900. A together, since the importation began 1 million and a quarter pounds of dead meat have been sold in Glasgow. About 1000 cattle were less exposed in Glasgow market, and of these 886, dead killed on lhurstlaym^ew York are sold that day fortnight in Glasgow. In the course of a more or so the impact station of live cattle will case for the winter but arrangements are being made for increasing the dead rat at supply, and it is expected to be not less all the winter than 100 car cases a week. An attempt will be made in a few days to introduce the American article into the Lancashire market, and there is every. indication that the new trade will see,, become sufficiently important to affect prices, and even the imports of preserved meats from the colonies The meat invariably arrives in prime condition, and is generally retailed as English. ' " There are no indications of any cessation of the decline in the rate of charge arising from the country On the contrary it appears likely to continue for several months longer, despite the prevalent depression of trade, one great cause being the gloomy accounts continually received From thE United States and which must inevitably affect colonial immigration also for our operatives naturally argue that if things are bad in America, they must be the same in Australia, a conclusion to which the adverse reports forwarded by various antipodean labour organization! have also largely assisted in forming. If England does not at present appear disposed to extensively patronised the product of Australian vine- yards, it is different in Ireland, where Mr. J. T a gallon has received much encouragement from" the wine merchants, who speak most favourably of his samples. The subject of the half-crown duty is said to be engaging the attention of the Government, and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer is disposed to make the concessions demanded by the colonists, but that, before so doing, he must be enabled to show Parliament that he is acting in accordance with the wish of the colonies. - Hence the colonial Chambers of Commerce should be up and stirring if they believe in deeds rather than words. 