Mr. Douglas4 Meeting. J. Douglas, Esq., M.L.A., addressed his con. 6tituente in the Town Hall last night. Not withstanding the threatening aspect of the weather, the building was densely crowded, fully 600 persons being present; His Worship the Mayor (W. Southerden, Esq.,) occupied the chair, and in a few well chosen words introduced the speaker. Mb. Douglas, on coming forward, was re ceived with enthusiastic cheering, and a couple of minutes elapse l before sufficient order could be regained to enable him to be heard. He said that it was but a few nights since he had attended a meeting in that same hall, and had heard our railway policy discussed, and several resolutions carried. He had now come before them to give what was generally called ^ an account of his stewardship.' He had heard that there had been some dissatisfaction expressed at bis non-appearance before, and nothing would have giv n him greater pleasure than to have been present at the opening of the bridge, -ut being not altogether an idle man, he found that it was an impossibility. He had really taken tbe first opportunity he had to come amongst them. On all sides since he bad come to the town he had been greeted with tokens of confidence, and be hoped bat he would retain that confidence as long as he represented Maryborough. (? heers.) He then proceeded -to speak on the Land Policy. It would be remembered that at the com mencement of last session the land policy of the previous recess was the prominent one before the country. He had hotly contested an elec torate where the dummy question had been raised, and when Parliament met that question was certainly the principal one of tbe day. One of the first thirgs that was done was to give notice of considerable resumptions as the leading features of tbe Government policy No serious objection was taken to these, and even in the Upper- House they were passed with slight alterations, which required that three months notice should be given to the leaseholders. Sbort'y after this Mr Stephens, Minister for Lands, had to retire from office, in consequence of severe indisposition, and the appointment was offered to him (Mr. Douglas). There were several (reasons which had induced him to refuse ; the most promi nent being that he had felt deeply bis indebted ness to the people of Maryborough for the manner in which they had elected him, and on that account be had considered that his best services were due to them, and would probably be m/-re effectively rendered as a supp orter of the Ministry than as a member of the Ministry itself (Applause). He therefore had no hesi tation in at once acting on this determination, and he would add, that so long as his connec tion with this constituency lasted he should continue on the same term as had previously existed (Cheers.) He felt that he owed them a deep debt of gratitude for the manner of his election, and be was determined that nothing should stand between his independent service of their interests (Cheeis). The sub sequent land policy of the Government was not, perhaps chaiaceiised by any great vigor, and the new Minister for Lands had to en counter a good deal of opposition, much of which was of a somewhat paltry character. But Mr. Fryar had devoted himself in a very painstaking way to the administration of his office ever since, and in that capacity he had no doubt that l is services would prove very useiul. The Attorney General was really the Land Minister of last session, so far as the attacks of the Opposi' ion were concerned, and he occasionally came in for a good deal of rough handli'ig, but was quite capable of taking his own part. For some time it seemed unlikely that any decisive step would be taken' on tbe land queation. A settlement of out standing questions was, perhaps, very necessary, and, as Mr. ? ell remarked, there were a good people lvhc were ''yearning ' for a settlement of some kiud. Party to meet these, Mr. Griffith undertook to draft certain deplaratory clauses, which were tolerably safe in them selves, but they did not quite come up to the mark of those gentlemen whom Mr. ell had described, aud tbe consequence was that ,tbey were ultimately withdrawn, and many of the difficulties were still left unsettled. The most prominent feature of the Bill, when finally passed, wss the increase of the homestead area to 64o acres ; an increase which he (Mr Douglas) had resisted, as opposed, in his judg ment, to the real interes's of bona ? fide occu piers. He believed that the public estate was now being alienated for much less than its value, and that little or no consideration in any form would be obtained for it, though it was supposed that it was being alienated to persons who would personally bold it. There was a real and very gr^ve necessity for reform, as he believed, in our land laws, and he felt no doubt that the land should be made to contri bute to the revenue in a much larger propor tion than at present was the case. Indeed, they had nothing to do but compare the receipts from this source in Victoria and New South Wales with those in Queensland, when it would at once become apparent how far f-hort we fell of the proportionate amount derived from the public estate. The carrying out. of i-ublic improvements, whether roads or railways, must in a great measure depend upon the revenue derived from this source. A land tax had been hinted at lately by tlie Treasurer as a legitimate means of increasing the revenue in this respect, ffe (Mr. Douglas) considered such a tax quite justifiable, . but much would depend on the manner in which ijt was levied and the incidents of such taxation. He, him self, was of opinion tbat the price of land might, with great propriety, be raiBed without interfering with i the improvement of the country, though, perhaps it mighr Ibe desirable in that case that tne payments shpuld be ex pended over a longer period (Applause). Railway Policy. With rrgard to tbe Railway Policy of the Government, the great meas re of the Session was the WeBtern Railway Bill, which bad arisen out of the offer made by Collier and Co. Mr. King, in bringing forward this measure early in the session, justified it on tbe ground tbat it would not be necessary thereby to increase the fub-ic indebtedness. The Southern and Western Railway had cost 1 two million two hundred thousand pounds, and if it could be made by the sale of four 1 million four hundred acres, at 10s. per acre, 1t would have been in hit (Mr. King's) opinion, far better for the country. Jfo serious opposition was offered to the Bill; though Mr. Graham endeavored to insure the Intro doction of certain claused which wotild have made, t it applicable to other districts. He (Mr Douglas) h'gh y approved of tbe principle, but the amendments embodied oth jr principl '8 which he could not support, and therefore he opposed them as a whole. While tbe Wes'ern Bill was passing through he had on several occasions impressed upon the Government how desirable it was that similar principles should bs applied to the Wide .Bay and Burnett districts. But be believed that the Government were not prepared to undertake any further resumption in these districts, similar to those made in the Roma district, and the result was that nothing was done. In the mean time, as they were all well aware, a project of an entirely novel character was put for ward for application to this district, and it was proposed to make a sort of primitive rail way to Gvmpie, to erst £2003 a mile. For this purpose £112,000 was placed on the estimates, and a note attached to the amount to the effect that if a suitable contract could not be obtained for that money, for the whole extent of the work, no money was to be expended on this project. He need scarcely assure that he had never hesitated to express his entire disbelief in the pos-ibility of making any such railway, but be did think that Mr. King believed that a kind of railway could be constructed for that Bum, and probably the «? canny' Treasurer had made a stipulation that it was to be such a railway, or none at all. Another portion of tne Government railway policy, was that of considerable extension on the Cockhamp'on line which.wss to be. made at.the tioscjiumunt expense, by money borrowed on public se curity. Thus it would be seen that there were three distinct principles of railway construc tion as applied to the different districts, and the Government declined to accept them as a whfile, but were content to submit them s parately to the decision of the House. He (Mr. Douglas) had regarded this as a weak exposition of policy and had characterised it, at the time, as exceedingly fragmentary but, as a supporter ot the general policy of the Government, he was obliged to accept it and hope for the best. The result was that the Western Railway Bill was carried through both houses without much difficulty, not as he (Mr Douglas) thought, b £ause Parliament very much approved of the principle, but be cause it was only in that wav that consent for the construction of a line to Roma could be obtained ; and if money had to be borrowed for tbe purpose it would have involved a loan for nearly three millions, instead of foi one million seven hundred thousand. The whole of the Southern districts were uni- eri in their desire to obtain an extension to Roma,, and that having biren secured,, the Maryborough and Gytnpie pi oject was considered as of com paratively very little importance. He thiught that it was a great mistake in policy that the Government had not identified themselves with some substantial proposition for a railway from Maryborough. Tbe town of Alary borou h was the second in importance in the colony, was the outlet of a rich district of very varied re sources and contained a population of about 20.000 people. . (Cheers.) Hence, under a system of colonisation based upon Public Works and Immigration combine l, there was no more favorable field for its opera tion than the Burnett, and Wide Bay, ' They had a direct claim also for a proportionate share of the money which was about to be raised for improving the country. Out of the seven millions which up^to the present time had been borrowed by tbe Government, cer tainly not more, than £130,000, including that expended on the new bridge, could be debited against this district. It this fort of thing was to go on, of conrse they must make ug their mind that population would be attracted else where, to those portions -oi* tbe Cofouy more favored by the expeuditurt? of money. In itseif also there was such ample justification for securing proper access to the country from this port that a repetition of the policy which had been applied in the Sou' hern districts. Jir some modification of it, might b; justified here. However, he did not intend to dilate upon ihis poiot further than to advise them to take every proper means for letting their wants be known, and for proving the capacity of the country to afford profitable employment to a largely increased popu ation. He would strongly urge upon them the necessity of leav ing no stone unturned to give expression to these facts. All persons holding propeity in the district, and all persons interested in its progress were b mnd, if th^y valued their own interests, to stick together, and try to secure fair consideration for their claims. He hoped he might be excused if he attributed to them a certain amount of apathy which might pos airily have led the Government to suppose that that there was not much serious anxiety for the construction of Public Works, calculated to benefit the district. The cnuses of actual failure were.: — 1st. The original m'sconc;p tion with reg4Td to the posoibiity of making a railway f r £112,000, and 2nd. The covert re sistance of Mr Hemmant to the construction of a railway at all. The Treasurer had spek^n of the possible expenditure on a railway at tbe rate of £10,00:- per mile, which, of course, was not to be thought ol but, there was no reason able doubt, th-it a railway enn'd be constructed and equipped at not more than £5000 per mile under decent bu .in.'ss management, and he (Mr. Douglas) did not see why the Govern ment ( f Queensland shoiiM not be capable of carrying out such a work. They could, in his opinion, have secured the requisite authority for the formation of at leost 20 miles of the line if they had l^een in real earnest ab^ut it. M-. Stanley's surveys were certainly available for this purpose before the close of (he. Session, and might have been p-oduced. Further, the authorisation of the additional money required for the fotmation of the Rockhampton line might have been made conditional upon tbe acceptance of the Maryborough vote. He (Mr. Douglas) had no doubt that if this had been recognised by even :he fr-w members in tbe district who advocated the Maryborough and Gympie line, a much better fight might have been made, but he (Mr. Douglas) wag left almosr unsupported, and after the result of the division on the omission of the condition, even then a good deal might have been done, if the Government bad been in earnest about it. As to the future, he cou'd scarcely venture to say what their immediate prospects of obtaining this ralway were. After the decision ot the Hou e upon the proposal of the Govern ment, be (Mr Douglas) had introduced a Hill of bis own in connection wi'li this subject. He of course had no expectation of passing such i'iil, because in m-iny respects it rati counter to opinions which were prevalent at present time. It was more for the purpose of showing what might be done with the lands in the Wide Bay and Burnett, if the Legislature chose to remit to any one of the provinces the responsibility of carrying out their own Public Works. He had not the slightest doubt that under such a system it would be possible to make these districts the most prosperous aud popnlous in the whole of Queensland. He did not however, in the least anticipate that the Legislature would pass such a Bill. So far as the interests of these districts were concerned, he would seriously counsel united action, for without that there was no bope of their making themselves ??felt' in the Legislature. He was sanguine tbat the representatives of the Southern portion of the Colony would see that it was to their interest to promote the growth ol these districts. (Cheers.) Mr. Hemmant ax Stanthorpe had lately referred to the pos sible extension of the Southern and Western railway in tbat direction, and justified it on 'he grounds tnat it was a ' National Kail way.' He did not quite understand this term as ap plied to the Stanthorpe railway, but he sup posed in due time the Wide Bay railway would ajlso become 'National.' He would strongly ulvise the people of Maryborough to invite the Acting- Premier to take a tour through the dis trict before the sitting of Parliament. This nould probably be an ' eye opener,' which might be serviceable to their cause. The Treasurer certainly was a very influential member of the Ministry, and was open io con viction if proper pressure was brought to bear oh him. It had been supposed that the Trea , surer might have to form a Ministry of bis own in ihe event of Mr. viacalister accepting the Agent-Generalship. He doubted whether Mr; Macili8ter would accept it, and if he returned with. renewed heaith, there was no doubt tbat Mr. Macalister would be an effective Parli:- menlary 'eader. Education. On this question be wou d like to say a few word«. The Bill thereon was brought forward somewhat late in the session, and though it had been the subject of much agitation it wa'S hardly expected it would become law The debates on it were prolonged and animated, butit eventually took as^ape which just'fi-d the expectation t*iat it -jvould pistthe Upper House; There were serious differences of opinion on the subject between the two Houses but moderate counsels prevailed, and eventually the Bill became law. The department was now uuder a responsib'e Minister, and would, no doubt; continue to receive the same earnest attention of both sides of the House. Tbe education question stilt remained the great question of the day for us all Upper House. He Would like to ca'J their attention to some facts in connection with this House It certainly had not been an obstruc'ive body as far as this colony was concerned, but the mode of appointments required serious consideration. They were for life, and it was doubtful whe ther, in a young country, that was desirable. Mr. Palmer, just before leaving office, had made a large number of appointments. Since then, no fresh nominations have been made, and it was only reasonable that a Government should have the power of providing that their views should be sufficiently represented the Upper House. He had carrie 1 a resolution, asking for the production of despatches, and in reply to this, the Governor had stated that he would apply to the Home Government fo^^ leave to produce these despatches. This woult^ doubtless be done, and we should thus have a complete history of the opinions of successive Secretaries of State on 'this matter. It was very desirable that we should know how the question stood. At pre sent it was supposed that the nomina tions were limited bv the -#-r-.rpl aro of Rt-.ntv* This was certainly not so defined in the Con stitution Act, and he (Mr Douglas) doubled whether the question should be left in its present indefinite state. On the whole, he believed that the Upper House had worked well, bat at the same time he considered tbat the Government, for the time being, should have the means of making themselves felt and respected in the Upper Chamber. Free Trade. He hid lately tak-n considerable interest in the question of fr- e exchanges between the colonies and the formation of a Customs. Uni in, wlii'-h had boon giea'ly talked about. He had had at) opportunity of meeting many in the neighboring Ci.loni'S who had given the subj el attention AH seem -d agreed as to its dcsirabiii'y, but the general opinion seemed to be that the time had not arrived, and there also was a tolerab'y general opinion that some thing like external pressure would be necessary before it could be ? fleeted. If tbe various colonies could be induced to assimilate their tariffs that would no doubt be one great step towards it. It was understood that Mr. Bourjaut, tbe Smth Australian Premier, had come to terms with Mr Griffith* at Mel bourne, and that an arrangement bad been ma le between Siuth Australia and Queens land to effect reciprocal interchanges. If Parliament consents to this arrangement it may, perhaps, prove to be tbe commencement of a similar po'icy on the part of the other colonies. Mr. E. Ward, the South Australian Postmaster-General and Minister for Education, is now on his way to Brisbane to se i if he can make a bargain with our Government in connection with their Port Darwin settlement. He supposed that the best thing to do in this question of Austra lian union was to cultivate Australian senti ment amongst the young people. When they began to feel that the conntry was really one, . the union would be effected ; and such union, he believed, would contribute greatly to the advantage not onlv of the united colonies, but of the united British Empire., (Applause). Mr. Douglas had bardly tak -n bis seat when, a foreigner came up in front of the stage and addressed the meeting in the Danish language. By his gesticulations, and t;ie flourishing of his wa king stick the audience concluded (and probably correctly , that t he s ? ranger was movi ng a vote of confidence in our member, and joined him in giving three heirty cheers. Then Mr. J Annkar proposed, and Mr. J» HakwOOD seconded, a v.ite of confidence in Mr. Dougl^o, which, on being put to the meet ing by the Mayor, was ratified by such a storm of applause as we have never heard in Miry borough before. Mr Douglas returned thanks, and in doing el once more, tendered his thanks to the peop'eof Maryborong-i for the kindly man ner in which they had placed their confidence in him aud returned him as their repre sentative after he had been rejected by other constituencies He thought it but honest now to take hem into his con fi lence. At the conclusion of the (last ses sion be had almsot determined to resign his seat, but when he mentioned his intention to some of his more intimate friends, he was dissuaded. However, at the end of next - Session he believed he should have to ask bis Maryborough friends to elect his successor, as he proposed to give up political life and enter upon a career which would require the whole of his attention. He thought it was due to his constituents to tell them this. He then moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor presiding, and renewed cheers brought a most successful and enthusiastic meeting to a close. 