Il« ¡l^pí. PUBLISHED DAILY. '* 1 am in tbo placo whore I am dcmandod of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, tho truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications Intended tor in- sertion In tho news columns should bo addressed to TUR EDITOR Ko notico tan bo taken oí anonymous communications. E\cry lottcr must bo accompanied by tho narao and add. e_- ol tho writer, not necessarily lor publication, but as a guarantco of good faith. Rejected communications cannot bo rotumed under any circumstances whatever. To avoid tacom enlenco and delay to personB Interested no have to request that ali business communica- tions. Including advortiaeu cute, orders for tho paper, and remittances, bo addrossod to WILSON and __ACI-1-U>ONI and not to TUB EDITOR, THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1876. Strangers were ordered to withdraw from the Assembly last night shortly after 11 o'clock. We congratulate the hon. member who called attention to their presence on his appreciation of the fitness of things. It would have been well, we think, if some one had adopted this course earlier in the evening, for it is impossible to imagine anything more disgraceful than the way in which the time of the country was wasted throughout the entire sitting. We are aware that the tactics adopted by the Opposition were in accord with its avowed inten- tions, but we would ask the country whether it is prepared to tolerate such a course of procedure on the part of its paid representatives. The Government is willing and, we may say, anxious to go on with public business, but a few office-Beekers stop the way. They are not content to take the chances of Parliament- ary warfare, and defeat the Ministerial schemes on their merita, but they insist on obstructing all business until their unconstitutional demands have been granted. We have already pointed out that compliance with their requests involves the utter destruction of our present syßtem of government. The success of Mr. BEERY and his friends would signify that in future the minority, and not the majority, is to control tho policy of the country. The Opposition contends that it has the people at its back. We directly traverse this statement, and say, moreover, that even if the affirmation were correct, the fact stated would not juBtify the course which is being pursued. No doubt the wishes of the constituencies should be consulted, but only in the regular way. They have elected members for three years, well knowing what they were about at the time they returned them. When the Kerferd Government could only command a majority of one on an important division, we were of opinion that tho people should be appealed to. Our recommendation on this point, how- ever, was disregarded, the representative of the Gro-.?a considering it his duty to exhaust the House before putting an end to a very short-lived Parliament. We do not intend now to recon- sider the wisdom of this decision. We merely desire to point out the neces- sity of adhering to it. Nothing could be more fatal to the legitimate influ- ence of the Crown than any departure from its expressed intention. Many bon. members are anxious that the motion of which Mr. TUCKER hu given notice Bhould be diBoussed. MrJ HIGINBOTHAM, Mr. CASEY, and various other gentlemen who are desirous of cutting the throats of the Ministry without directly assuming the respon- sibility of their actions, have all ex- pressed a wish ro bring this resolution on the carpet. They desire to discuss the desirability of a dissolution, forsooth. We should very much like to know what they have been doing ever since Sir JAMES M'GULLOCII tabled his resolu- tions with rpgard to additional taxation if they have not been discussing this very question. To have another formal debate on the matter would be a mero waste of time. Everything that can be said in its favour has already been advanced. Notwithstanding this, however, wo agree with Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH, that it would be advisable to debate the question again, if the Opposition would agree to be bound by the result of the division. To ask tho Government to afford any facilities for bringing on the discussion without some such assurance is simply nonsense. It is asking it to play into the hands of its opponents. We must con- fess that we cannot understand the position assumed by the leading gentle- men in the Opposition corner. They protest that they do not intend to take part in the "stone wall" business, while at the same time they are doing their utmost to forward the deaigns of the obstructionists. We would recom- mend them to take sides. Either let them join the Constitutional party, and assist the Government to carry on the business of tho country, or lot thom join Mr. BEBRY, and aid him to accom- plish his designs on the Treasury benches. Their attitude at present is simply contemptible. Amongst all the statistics which aro yearly brought under public notice, there are none, we think, which surpass in interest those relating to the yield of gold. Although we can no longer say that mining is the most important in- dustry in the country, we cannot forget that wo owe our rapid growth and prosperity to its sudden development. It was the auri sacra fames that attracted that stream of immigration which in a short time transformed Vic- toria from a sheepwalk into a home of thriving thousands, destined at some future day to form an important portion of that Greater Britain, which, if our countrymen be true to themselves, will eventually dominate the world. It is a matter for regret that this loadstone no longer possesses sufficient force to draw tho surplus population of the old world to our shores. Fortunes are not now made in a few hours, as was some- times the case when shallow sinking was the order of the day, and the prospect of steady labour at good wages has none of that fascination for tho popular mind which the chance of realising a sudden competency possesses. There is no reason to doubt, however, that our fame as a gold producing country is capable of resuscitation if a syste- matic attempt were made to accom- plish this object. For some reason or other gold-mining has been persistently discouraged in this country, although it is an industry of which nature has evidently designed Victoria to be the home. Tho Legislature, in its wisdom, has lavished the public estate in a futile attempt to settle people on the land, and robbed the community at large for the purpose of encouraging a few exotic manufactures ; but it has never considered itself called upon to offer any effectual encouragement to the important industry under notice. And yet it must be admitted that thediscovery of new fields for the operations of the miner would do more to advance the general prosperity of the country than the multiplication of unnecessary trades, or the creation of spurious settlers. Let it not bo supposed, however, that we advocate tho interference of the state in the matter. Wo simply say that if arti- ficial encouragement is to be given to those engaged in any pursuit, mining certainly poaaesses the strongest claims to support. If we could have our way the various industries of the colony fchould grow and prosper by their inherent vitality alone, the duty of the state being confined to the provision of a "fair field" for each. We would not seek to develops, our mineral resources, either by " pro " specting votes" or the offer of bonuses for the discovery of new fields. We would simply free private enterprise from the burden of unjust taxation under which it at present groans, and consider that we had done sufficient for the miner when we had placed him in as favourable a position for prosecuting his business as the artisan and trades- man. If, however, wo are to continue the pernicious practice of cockering cer- tain avocations, we certainly think that mining bos a good claim to greater con- sideration than it has hitherto received. We regret to say that the figures before us show a decreased yield of gold during 1875, as compared with 1874, of no less than 43,791 ounces, or in round numbers a falling off to the extent of X170,000. The gold bullion and raw gold exported during the past twelve months amounted to 794,162 ounces, of which 709,934 ounces were the produce of Victoria. The value of the gold specie exported during the same period was £1,479,016. The Mint received during 1875 385,852 ounces of Victorian gold, and 103,879 ounces the produce of other colonies. In return it issued .£1,888,000 in coin. The quan tity of gold held by the various banks on the 31st of last month was 68,306 ounces, as against 104,769 ounces in stock at the termination of the pre- vious year. In order to arrive at the quantity of gold won during the year that has just closed, we take the exports of Victorian metal, 709,934 ounces; gold received at the Mint, 385,852 ounces j and gold held by the banks on 31st December, 68,306 ounces, making together 1,163,592 ounces. From this, however, must be deducted the quantity on hand in the various banks at the end of 1874, viz., 104,769 ounces, which operation reduces the total for 1875 to 1,058,823 ounces, or, as we havo stated before, to 43,791 ounces below the yield of the previous twelve months. This is anything but a satisfactory result, and were it not that mining prospects in various parts of the colony have lately improved, we could not avoid entertaining the most gloomy ideas concerning the future'of this business. We aro told, however, that there are thousands of acres of rirJi alluvial .mund ._t avail-blo in the neighbourhood of Ballarat, and we know that quartz reefs containing gold in sufficient quantities to warrant their being worked have been discovered lately at depths which havo hitherto been considered wanting in the precious metals. Under these circumstances, we may yet see a revival in this industry a consummation for which every one who takes an interest in the colony must devoutly wish. The approximate average number of miners employed upon our gold-fields during 1875 was 42,000, showing a de- crease of 4,800 on the number who made their living thereby during the previous twelve months. The following table gives the average number of miners employed, and the quantity of gold produced during tho last ten years : 1806 18C7 1668 18C9 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 Number of Miners. 73,479 65,857 63,181 08,037 60,367 58,101 54,651 52,544 46,81)0 42,000 Yield of Gold. 1,536,581 1,493.831 1,474,187 1,367,903 1,281,841 1,303,379 1,317,102 1,249,407 1,102,014 1,059 323 It has been asserted that the gold costs more to get than it is worth, and cer- tainly the figures, which are obtained by " dividing the produce amongst the " number of men employed in obtaining " it," go far towards supporting this statement. As we pointed out last year, in 18GG, "the value of each miner's .' earnings, judging by the gross ro " suits, and estimating the gold at £i " an ounce was 31s. per week ; in 1867, " 35s.; in 18G8, 3Gs.; in 18G9, a trifle " lees than 31s.; in 1870, a fraction " more than 32s. por week; in 1871, " about 34s. Gd. per week ; in 1872, " a small fraction over 37s. per week; " in 1873 rather more than 36s. 6d. per "week; and in 1874 a fraction over " 3Gs. per week." In 1875, the average earnings of the miners, cal- culated on a similar basis, appear to have been about 38s. lOd. per week. Wo do not doubt that many, having regard to the rate of wages paid the workmen, will say that mining is alto- gether a losing speculation, and certainly there is some ground for the notion. It ßhould be remembered, however, that mining must necessarily be a lottery, and that the want of SUCCCBS during one particular period is no satisfactory earnest of permanent failure. The day may come when the earnings of the miner will again be largely in excess of the sum necessary for the maintenance of himself and family, and then the country at large will reap the reward of its enter- prise. In order to hasten the arrival of this time, we should sot him free from the fiscal trammels which at present cripple hiB operations. He would then bo equally well off with lew wages, and ground which at present barely pays for the cost of working, would yield a fair return on the capital invested. The Waterworks department has never yet grasped the Yan Yean difficulty, and without outside assistance we fear it never will. Here is a city grudged every drop of water, and sometimes subject to a famine, and there is tho city reservoir with the precious Quid running over tho bywash and with the tunnel gates fre- quently if not constantly shut against the Plenty Kiver, so as to reduce the supply within ruanagcablo bounds. This is the enigma which fairly puzzles tho exem- plary but by no means brilliant gentlemen vi ho preside over the scheme. Thoir idea has been to put the blamo upon the main, milich, when it stood alone, would "only" bring down 12 million gallons per diem, or CO gallons per head per man, woman, and child, for tho ontiro popula- tion, and so a great aqueduct and a second main have been constructed. What the department has never realised is why the one main did not suffice. It is because it could only bring down 500,000 gallons por hour, and at soma hours during the hot weather the consumption is far larger than that, inasmuch as all the citizens want thoir GO gallons at once. An arrangement which gives them two gallons and a half per hour by no means suits their convenience. Assuming that tho demand sometimes rises to threo millions of gal- lons per hour, tho department is still working on the supposition that it must get mains to bring down that quantity from the Yan Yean, and that it must restrict citizens to the actual carrying capacity of its connecting pipes. It would Biirely strike every child that the way out of the difficulty Is to Btore, ready for use, tho surplus water brought down during slack hourB and on cool days, and to impound that surplus delivery which except on special occasions- is the daily rule. One day's supply has been stored of late years at Proston, though tho reservoir was not constructed specially for that purpose, and it has been a god- send to the city. But why not havo a month's supplythere? Half-a-dozonmains could then bo run from Preston to the city without much exponso and without much difficulty, and there would be no occasion every time a few extra million gallons arewantedonsomoparticular days, to construct a new aqueduct to the far off Yan Yean. The aqueduct and mains aro now equal to bring down to Proston 20,000,000 gallons per day, or tho enor- mous quantity of 9,490,000,000 . gallons per annum. Melbourne does not con- sume a third of that quantity, and yot wo are liable to a water famine at any moment-so the department declares because there is no adequate storage just outside the city. Two thirds of tho timo tho aqueduct and mains remain idle. Tho citizen who Btores the rainfall from tho roof in a cistern should havo taught tho department how to manage its business. We want a big cistern convenient to Molbourno, and tho Yan Yean mains could fill that cistern up at its leisure. The proceedings in the Legislative As- sembly last evening were of the character that might bave been anticipated from the attitude assumed by the Opposition on Tues- day. AB soon as the consideration of the proposed new taxes came on Mr. Longmore moved that progress bo reported. Messrs. Lalor and Farrell apoke against time for an hour and a half, and the motion was negatived by a majority of 31 votes to 2L Mr. Dixon then moved that the Chairman do leave the chair. Mr. Casoy said he had no desire to join in the stonewall tactics, bat he would be compolled to vote for the proposition in order to secure for himself an opportunity of speaking on the motion for a disaolution, which tho Opposition asked the Government to give precedence to. The Chamber was quite unfit to carry on the business ot the country, and it was clear that a constitutional mistake waa made in refusing a'dissolution to the Kerferd Ministry. Mr. Higvnbotham complained that the Government were not dealing fairly with bon. members in refusing an oppor- tunity to disease the motion of the hon.mem- ber for Collingwood. He had no sympathy with the assertion of the right of tn*> minority to control the majority, which struck at the not of ParliamenttuT govern^ ? vent, hut' in the absence of an answer to I 1: question, ,whén an opportunity ' .wç/tud ,' «afforded to discuss Mr. Tucker's, propositii ,. Jib' would not lend an atom of supp to a Government which was 'who i-disentitled to the confidence ¡of "P ' llament Sir James M'CuIIoch point .''Ont;that'on the previous evening the C ' vernment had clearly indicated the com they intended to pursue. There would bo objection whatever to the motion for a diai '.Au¿ion being discussed if the Oppositi Vould abide, by the result, bat this th .declined to do, and what was the rj .of facilitating the obstruction of t ^public businees ? When 11 o'clock cat a disorderly discussion arose ' on a point order. ' Mr. Murray* Smith called attanth 'to the circumstance that the hon. merni) (for Geelong West was addressing the coi >mittee with his back to tho Chair. Mr. Lal -considered that the hon. member for £ Kilda should be reprimanded for raising sui ?$, point of order, and made a roference to ti "Dove of Ararat," which drew from Al M'Lollan the remark that he would n tolerate the bon. member's impertinent Mr. Thomas then called attention to ti »presence of strangers, and the galleries we cleared. The reporters having withdraw /hon. members gave full play to theiçunbridh tongues, audoneof thenioatdisgracefulscea' that have ever been witnessed in the Hou ivas enacted. Messrs. Woods, M'Lollai longmore, and Lalor had a prominent pa in tho personalities that were indulged i Intemperate and discreditable language wi used, aod gross charges were made again the characters of different hon. mes kers, Mr. Wooda'e tar brush, and ti «ircumstanceB of Mr. Berry's retirement fro: the Duffy Government being all raked u again, together with the Times and Min nffair, andothermatters of Parliamentary hi tory. Ultimately the motion that the Chai »nan do leave the chair was negatived, an progress was reported, on the motion of S James M'CuIIoch, at five minutes to 1 a.m. Mr. Higinbotham directed attention in th legislative Assembly ycBterday to a Btati snent made by the Earl of Carnarvon in xecent communication addressed to tho Ne' «Guinea Association, and asked whether an lepresentations had been made by He Majesty's Government for Victoria to Ile Majesty's Imperial Government in favour c «the annexation of New Guinea by Greo Britain, as the Earl of Carnarvon appeared t intimate. The statement referred to was t ?the effect that the Governments of the Au! tralian colonies had addressed to He Majesty strong representations in favour o the annexation of New Guinea. Mr. Higin botham said he thought this colony ought ne to address any communication on the subjec of annexation to the Home Government Und if it did, he hoped it would be ii distinct disapproval of the projeot of annex Ction, but that was a question which should ffroperly, be considered by the House. Si Jamos M'CuIIoch replied that he had mad' inquiries, and found that there had been ni -communication either from tho Imperial Go vernment to the Government of this colony cr from the Government of this colony ti the Imperial Government on the subject, si that, as far as Victoria was concerned, then ?was some mistake. In answer to a furthe ?question by Mr. Higinbotham, Sir Jamei W'Culloch said he was not in a position t< Bay wl ether there had been any communica ?ion sent home on the subject from the re ipresentative of the Crown. The Legal Professions Amalgamation Bil legislative Assembly yesterday, and Mr (Higinbotham's new clause providing for thi admission ol barristers' clerks of 10 years Standing as barristers, was adopted or B division by a majority of 22 to l8. Sir James M'CuIIoch mentioned in thi Sifigislative Assembly yesterday afternoon with referenco to the fidelity guarantee! Spoken of by the hon. member for Maldon oi (the previous day, that on examination hi «bad foand that the policy of the London Gua îimtee Company accepted by the Governmen did not contain the condition the hon. mern jber said it did, viz., that the company shoulc cnly pay the cost of a prosecution if a con .ffiction had been obtained, though such i «condition was inserted in some of the policiei ?issued by the company to private individuals Mr. Service said this condition appeared in t ipolicy be quoted from, and he had not beer Bwaro that policies were issued by the com pany in different forms. The explanation was certainly very unsatisfactory as far ae the company was concerned. It was elicited, in answer to questions bj hon. membeis in the Legislative Assembly .yesterday, that a sum would be placed on th« estimates for prospecting this year; thai iliere was no probability of a bill being intro- duced this session to settle questions as to residence of selectors ; and that the Govern went would not be able to take any action this s ssion with a view to giving relief to toldera under the 47th sec. of the Land Act of 1802, and the 40th sec. of the Land Act of 18C0. The Speaker yesterday issued a writ for the election of a member of the Legis- lative Assembly for Villiers and Heytesbury, which seat has been rendered vacant by the death of the Hon. M. O'Grady. The 5oUowing are the dates:-Issue of writ, .January 12 ; day of nomination, January 20 ; (polling day, January 27 ; return of writ, february 3. The Government having taken into con .taideration the reports sent in by Dr. Paley -and Dr. Robertson, lins decided to appoint ti board to make full inquiry into the cause of the death of the man Lewis Woolf Lewis, at the Kew Asylum recently, and also into lihs statements made by Ellen M'Kee, re- specting the conduct of some of the atten- dants at that place. Several gentlemen havo >J»en requested to act on the board, but until iSvillttat be made public. It is the desire of the Chief Secretary that the sittings of the hoard shall be open to the press, so that tall i ¡publicity may be given to the evidence. Wo understand that Mr. R. D. Ireland, Q C, who has been in ill health for a con- siderable period, has been advised to take a .taig sea voyage, and will shortly sail for 'Europe. It is contemplated by Mr. Ireland's friend?, we believe, to make him some pre Bentation before his departure. ' The Commissioner of Customs yesterday dealt with the case of the recent indecent i importation by a passenger of the Sobraon 'byfining the offender £25, and ordering the article to be destrojed. A resident at Sandhurst has kindly allowed the tiusteos of the Public Library to exhibit for a short time, in the National Gallery, two 'fine engravings, recently received from Mr. I. 'Ballin, a Danish artist and engraver of -celebrity. The original pictures were painted hy Mr. Ballin. They refer to incidents in the late Franco-Prussian war. One might be supposed to illustrate a scene which occurred after the capture at Sedan -of 80,000 prisoners of war. Heavy columns of French infantry, deprived of their arms, are disappearing in the distance nnder the «guard of strong detachments of Uhlans. French officers [on parole occupy the fore- ground. From an eminence they are Borrow fully gazing after tho regiments they BO lately hoped to lead to glory. The grouping of the figures is admirable. The second engraving »presents the first glimpse"of land obtained from the deok of a troop ship by French soldiers returning from captivity in Prussia. It is a very touching picture. The anxiety of the wounded to catoh a glimpse of la belle franco is moBt effectively depicted. The details of the pictures have been ex- cellently preserved, and the engravings are evidently works of merit. Mr. Bal« lin'B skill as an engraver is recog nisod in England. An engraving by him, exhibited at the Royal Academy in January, 1874, was considered by ï'fte Time» .worthy of being ranked with the works of Landseer, Cousins and-Barlow. He has reoently been commissioned by EKE the'Princess of Wales to engrave a very uno picture of her- self, which was rARanr.lv ATannfjtil ht, ?> ' Queen. The engraving- referred to wlU bi on view at the National Gallery o_"a_i oftei today foyijlimited time. , Mr. Marcus Clarke.'a novel relating to Hu bygone horrors of the transportation system, 'Bia Natural £¡/e, which has been repub Halted in London by Messrs. Bentley, has been .largely noticed by the London press, The majority of the reviewers seem to thin« tbatiho subject is one almost too sad to be mado the basis of a romance, and the Satur, day Review condemns it on this ground, The World, the Spectator, the Graphic, the Morning Post, the Alhenoum, and Vanitu Fair, however, all speak in high terras of the realistic power of the book. In referring to the services of the late Commissary-General-in-Chief Sir John William Smitb, on Tuesday lost, we should have stated that they were recognised by Hoi Majesty not only by a simple knighthood, butby the If night Commandershipof the Ordet of the Bath. Sir J. W. Smith also received the Knighthood of the Legion of Honour, from the Emperor of the French, and the Turkish Order of the Medjidie. Dr. Patrick Smith, one of the resident medical officers of the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, has been elected a member* of the British Medico-Psychological Associa- tion. At an ordinary general meeting of tho Boyal Institute of British Architects, held on the 15th November last-Sir George Gil- bert Scott, H.A., in the ohoir- Mr. Lloyd Taylor (vice-president of the Victorian Insti tute of Architecte, and senior partner of tho firm of Lloyd Tayler and Wyatt) was elected a fellow of the institute. The Builders and Contractors' Association held its quarterly general meeting last even ing, at Phair's Hotel, the president (Mr Samuel Arness) being in the chair. In tho absence of an expected communication from the Education department, the business was almost purely formal, the most important item being that relating to the testimonial to Mr. Ireland, the late secretary, which it was arranged ßhould be presented.on Monday evening next, at half-past S p.m. Tbe Minister of Lands, in tho absence of the Commissioner of Railways, yesterday received a deputation at the railway office from inhabitants of the district of Kar- karooc, who asked that a separate shire, to be colled the Shire of Karkarooc, should be formed from adjoining portions of the Wim- mera and St. Arnaud ehires. It appeared that the Wimmera Shire Council had been consulted, and had offered no strong objec- tion to the proposed severance, but the views of the St. Arnaud council not having been yet made known to the department, Mr. Gillies postponed dealing with the matter. The 20th half-yearly meeting of the Ma sonic-hall Company (Limited) was held last evening in the hall, Lonsdale-sireet east, the Mayor of Melbourne, Bro. A. K. Smith, in the chair. The directors reported that the amount of revenue for the last half-year was £24517s. Cd., as against £22510a. Gd. for the previous six months. An arrangement had been made to pay a farther sum of £250 off the mortgage, thus reducing the amount of the mortgage to £1,450, The balance-shoot showed acaah balance in the bank of £616s. Gd. Brothers Leplastrier and Goldstein suggested that the directors Bhould mature a scheme for raising money by loan, and building a new ball, or repairing the present one, so as to make it a credit to the craft here. The chairman said that considering the financial difficulties there had been to contend against, the company had done very well in getting so far out of debt as they had, and gradually improving the interior of the hall. Although the outside was not imposing, considerable improvements had been made inside, with the object of increasing the comfort of the brethren meeting in it. The report and balance sheet were adopted, end the re- tiring directors, Brothers A. K. Smith and Charles B. Martin, and the retiring auditors, Brothers A. Ellis and F, R, Kendall, were re. elected, Brother Leplastrier said that he wished to see the company-as they could borrow money at 6 per cent, and lend at 8 per cent-raise money to improve the hall, or build a now one. He moved that his pro- posal should be referred to the directors for immediate and serious consideration. The motion was adopted, and the meeting closed with the usual voteB of thanks. A large number of the customers of the Elizabeth-street branch of the National Bank of Australasia met last night at Mooney's Royal Saxon Hotel, Elizabeth- street, for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Mr Edward William Lightfoot, late manager of the branch, who has left the bank with the view of starting in business in the North Eastern district on his own account Mr. J. Pratt, of the firm of Pratt and Turner, presided. The testimonial took the form of a handsomely illuminated address, signed by about 100 of the customers of the branch. It set forth that Mr. Light- foot being about to sever his con- nexion with the bank, after having been ia its Bervice for l8 years, the last six of which were spent in the management of the Eliza- beth-street branch, the customers could not allow him to depart without expressing their eenseof his un varied courtesy, andstoting that they wished him prosperity in his new career. Mr. Lightfoot, in responding, said that tho flattering remarks he had heard made him sorry to leave, though he had no doubt his new mode of life would improve his health. This was the second testimonial he had re- ceived Bince his connexion with the branch, and he was at a IOBB how to express bia thanks. Mr. Lightfoot's health was drunk in champagne with enthusiasm, and several other toaBts having been duly honoured, the assemblage separated, after a very pleasant evening. The bazaar at St James's Hall, Bourke street, in aid of the St. Vincent de Paul Roman Catholic Orphanage, was continued yesterday, and will be open every day till Saturday, from 3 p.m. to 10 p.m. Visitors, besides having a good collection of fancy and other articles to select from, will have tho benefit of the performances of the St. Patrick's brass band, and vocal music by lady and gentleman amateurs every even- ing. We have received the first two parts of voL I. of the new series of the New Zealand Jurist. This periodical is edited by Mr. G. B. Barton, of the Middle Temple, barrister at-law. As each of the Supreme Court judges who reside in the principal townB constitute the Supreme Court as a correspondent lately pointed out, subject to the revio IT of the Court of Appeal, the advantage of having the judgments of their Honours in a colleoted form will be readily appreciated, as tending to produoe uniformity of decision. The ro. ports appear to bo very carefully compiled. We notice that Victorian decisions, especially on mining cases, are frequently referred to. The Jurist also contains Borne items of news interesting to the legal profession of the colony. In one of the items it is stated that the Minister of Justice has expressed the intention of the Government to "send home' for a Parliamentary draftsman, at a salary of £1,000 a year. The profession must be in a singular state if the Government cannot find a local gentleman qualified for the work ; or perhaps, owing to the amalgamation of the professions, all the barristers are earning such princely incomes, that they turn up their noses at the salary proposed. A trial of Mr. Cornish's life-saving ap- paratus was made in Hobson'a Bay yoaterday afternoon. The exhibition was given for the purpose of allowing the directors of the Victorian Humane Society an opportunity of judging the value of the apparatus for Baving human life at sea. The trial was made close! to the boat wharf at the railway pier, and waa witnessed by a large number of spectators. The'persons on whose behalf the trial was made did not, apparently, take much interest in the matter; the only members of the directory who at- tended being the "Rev. G. W.' Torrance and Mr. J. Ellis Stewart. The trial of the ¡life» buoy wes very successfully performed, and at the conolusion Mr. Torrance thanked Mr. the matter, and expressed himself great pleased with the result of A cricket match was played yesterday c the' M.C.C. ground between a selected tea of squatters and a team from the M.C. The squatters were represented by the fe lowing players ¡-Messrs, F. M'Evoy, M'Evoy, Hntton, Conran, W. M'Evoy, J Loughnan, Campbell, J. O'shanassy, Rei Smith, and Wallace. The clab toam wo Messrs. Gibson, Alexander, Phillip M'Donnld, Ballard, Johnson, Riddell, Foot Blacknow, Miller, and Creswick. Pli commenced at noon, the visitors goir first to the wickets, and before thi wero finally disposed of they put t gether a score of 110. The best scon were-F. M'Evoy, 21; W. M'Evoy,'19; J Loughnan, 15; Hntton, IB; C. Conran, 1 The Melbourne team in their innings ol tained 157 runs, thus winning the mate by 47 runs. The top scorers were-M'Doi nell, 57 ; Johnson, 27 ; Alexander, 21 ; an Gibson, l8. M. von Guerard has just completed a larg picture for Mr. John Ware, of Yalla- y-poon of what is known as the Great Lake, lyirj in the centre of the platean, 4,000ft, higt which constitutes such a remarkable featui in the centre of Tasmania, and in whic several of the southern rivers take thei rise. The lake is almost bisected, from th point of view chosen by the artist, by tongue of wooded land, which helps to brea the monotony of such a spacious and smoot! expanse of water; and the other promi nent objects in the scone are the Groa Western Mountains, the Split Rocks, an Dry's Bluff, all of which appear to be' o basaltic formation. Tho subject ia some what intractable for artistic purposes ; bu the difficulties it presents have been clever! surmounted by tho introduction, in one par of the picture, of a tier of heavy clouds wit! drifting showers, and scattered gleams o light; the rich shadows thus obtainei varying what would otherwise be the same ness of the landscape, in its broader aspects and heightening by contrast the brightnes of the sunny portions of it. John Foley, aged 18 years, residing a Keilor, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from an injury to the back. He was underneath a loaded dray, which was resting on props, and the back prop gave way, causing the dray to tip up on him. On Tuesday, Senior-constable O'Meara anc Constable Hayes succeeded in arresting ir Melbourne a man named Henry Dunwoodie alias Wilson, alias Thompson, who has beor required on several chargea of obtainint money by means of valueless chequea ir Geelong and Melbourne. At the City Polia Court yesterday, the prisoner was brought u£ and remanded till Friday. A man named John Augustus, to whom he passed a watct at the time of his arrest, and who was after wards apprehended, waa also romandedtil! Friday. Yesterday morning at 8 o'clock the bodj of a man unknown was found by a fisher man floating between the town and railwaj pier, Sandridge, and was removed to thi morgue at Sandridge beach. It is describee as that of a man about 6ft. Gin. high, ol stout build, from 32 to 35 years of age, dreBBed in blue cloth monkey jacket, darli grey tweed trousers and vest, elastic side boots, and grey woollen socks, black necktie, and paper collar. The man had a full darli brown beard, whiskers, and moustacho, darli brown hair. The right hand waa in the trousers pocket. In the pockets were found three half-sovereigns, a sixpence, and four penco in coppers, a Victorian Seamen'e Union coin or modal, a pockotknife, and o pipe. There was a large cut on the left side of the bridge of the nose, and a cut on the right eye, from both of which blood was flowing when the body waa found. There were no other markB of violence discernible. On the inside of the left arm were tattooed the letters " M, M, E.," and on the inside ol the right arm different flags were tattoed The body remains at the Sandridge morgue awaiting identification and in^neBt. The following directions are printed in this week's Police Gazelle, as a guide to members of the force in reference to the backing of warrants, and may be studied with profit by justices of the peaco :-" With reference to the necessity for backing war- rants issued in one bailiwick before they can be executed in anothei, the Attorney General has given the following opinion : 'A warrant issued by a magistrate who is ap- pointed to all the bailiwicks docs not re- quire backing in Victoria. A warrant to ap« prehend, if issued by a magistrate having a limited jurisdiction, such as a bailiwick, re- quires to be backed if it has to be executed outside that jurisdiction (ss 61, C2, C3, Act No. 207). GEO.B.KEKFEBD.Attorney-General Crown Law Offices, 9th' December, 1875.' So far, therefore, as the police can do so, they should get all warrants signed by the police magistrates, who have jurisdiction throughout the colony. Warrants to apprehend issued under Part IV. of the Justices Statute, if signed by a police magistrate, should show on the face of them that he is a justice for every bailiwick of the colony. If signed by a justice of the peace for any bailiwick, and it is proposed to execute them out of such bailiwick, they should be backed in accord- ance with Form XIII. of tho second schedule of the Justices Statute. Vide sections G2 and C3." The vacancy caused in the Footscray Borough Council by the death of Mr. John Ryan seems likely to cause a little excite- ment in that borough. Last night a very large meeting took placo at Harris's Hotel, Footscray, when 10 gentlemen were pro- posed, and after a very warm and lengthy discussion, it was decided thal Mr. J. W. Thompson would bo the best and moBt proper person to represent the interests of their portion of the district in the borough. The nomination day is fixed for Friday next. ' At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, an infant, lately found on a doorstop, and named Arthur Ryrie, from the namo of the street in which he was found, was brought up on remand as a neglected child, and again remanded for a week. It appears that (tho mother has not been found, but it was stated that the father was bolieved to be con- nected with the Crown Landa department, Melbourne. The annual meeting of the Geelong and Western District Ladies' Benevolent Associa- tion was held yesterday, when a statement was read by tho bon. treasurer, Mrs. Wright, showing that £1,439 18s. Gd. had beenex pended during the year, the receipts being £1,099 2s. Gd. The annual íeport showed that the number of new cases relieved during the year were 85 families, and the whole number on the roll was 311, consisting chiefly of aged and infirm people, widows with young families, deserted wives, and in some instances men who by acci- dent or ill health had boen incapa citatcdfromfoUowing theitusaal occupations. The reports were adopted, and the following ladies were eleoted :- Mrs. Hitchcock (presi- dent, re-elected), Mrs. Goodman (vico-preai dont), Mrs. Wright (bon. treasurer, re-elected), Mrs. Willis (secretary, re-eloctod), Mrs. Mow- bray and Mrs. Shirra (auditors, ro elocted), Mesdames Hitohcock, Goodman, Wright, Balding, Hunt, Royce, Cameron, Mowbray, Roberts, Shirra, Mitchell, Pecemary, May, Belcher, Scott, M'Lauchlan, A. M. Campbell. Wills, Blackall, M'Millan, Vines, _M'K. FrsBer, Slade, Neale, Gray, and Misses Steel and Orr, as committee. The monthly meeting of the Genoral Com- mittee of the Geelong Hospital waa held yesterday, when a statement of receipts and expenditure for the past year' waa read. This showed that £7,212 17s. Id. had been received, anda balance of £34812a. 7d.|Was in hand after deducting the annual expendi- ture. 1 With respect to the material required for the erection of ,the new Uw courts, we leam that the department tías, been offered| the privilege of quarrying the stone required on, Mr. J. G. Carr's property, near Geelong, for a nominal snm. The stone on this property j competent judges to resemble the beat Scotc material, and to be of the most durable cb racter. 'It is reported that Mr. S. Gardiner, wb gave 2,200 guineas for Roan Duchess t Messrs. Robertson Brothers' recent sole, he been offered an advance of 300 guineas fe the animal. The offer was refused. A cricket match will take place to-day, o tue South Melbourne ground, betweon th drivera of Albert cara and waggonettes c Emerald-hill and Sandridge. A cricket match will be played to-daj between the master bakers and millers, o the Fitzroy ground, commencing at half-pas 1 o'clock. , , The Geelong Advertiser mentions that Mi Levien, M L.A., is Buffering from bronchitis . and will bo prevented from taking his scat i Parliament for a few days. , The, dispute between Mr. B. Kenworth and Mr. Joseph Rogers still rages at Kyn< ton. The latest phase of the quarrel appear from the following' declaration, which wa published in the Guardian of yesterday .j " We, the undersigned, at; the request of Mi Joseph Rogers, and for» the vindication o truth, hereby assert that we were present ii tbepremisesof Mr.JabezChambers, Kyneton on Saturday, 4th December, at a conversation between Mr. Joseph Rogers and Mr. Bei Kenworthy, when wo heard Mr. Kenworth^ in reply to Rogers, admit that ho bad som time previously received certain circular from Messrs. Walsh, Miraros, and Co., re quoBting him to get up a public meeting ii Kyneton, and that he had offered these cn culara to Messrs. Rocera and Chambers saying at the time that if they would get u] a public meeting he would come in ant speak in favour of a dissolution, although hi was not in favour of all of Mr. Berry's col leagues.-THOMAS BOND, THOMAS RAW, M Ka« ARMSTRONG, JABE¿ CHAMBERS, WHIT FIELD RAW." The Victorian produce shipped coastwis at the Port of Portland during the past yejv waa, says the Express, valued at £228,015, o which £190,325 was for wool. The genera exporta from the port amountod to £110,688 The shipments of wool were less than it 1874, but those of general produce nearly one third greater. " It will be learnt with regret by cricketer! generally," observes the Geelong Advertiser, " that Mr. T. W. Willa lias notescaped frort scarlet fever. He arrived from Melbourne or January G, and feeling unwell, went to bed, , On Tuesday lost, his medical attendant pro. nounced his illness to be an attack of the epidemic which has been so prevalent lately, It does not, however, appear to be a verj severe attack." The Gipps Land Mercury relates that c story is current in South Gipps Land, thal Mr. Mason, M.L.A., took a great fancy to c mare that ran in one of the late races there' and that he even bought her, but when he found that her name was Lucy Chambers, he declined to fulfil the contract, for fear of ¿fei bourne Punch getting hold of it The £atmcesion Examiner of January U Bays --"The master of the schooner Secret, which left here on Saturday for Melbourne via Night Island, stated openly before leaving that he had been engaged to take the murderer Sullivan on board at Mel- bourne, convey him to New Zealand, and land him anywhere he pleased. So lone OB Sullivan waa put on New Zealand ground the master's work was done, and he would be paid the amount agieed on." The unseasonable weather experienced this summer baa materially injured the prospect oi a good hal vest in South Australia. Mr. Wm. Malcolm, J.P., of Messrs. Duffield and Co., millers, has informed the South Australian Register that ho estimates that not more than one-third of the wheat of the colony waa gathered in before the raine, and tha* the loss on the balance sustained through the unuBual wet will range from 23. to 4a. per quarter. The principal injury, he Bays, ifl that the whoat lias Btarted growing while in the ear - a most exceptional case in this colony-and it has also been much bleached, and reduced in weight to the extent of, in many cases, 41b. in the bushel. Respecting the reported capture of salmon in Tasmania, Mr, Morton Allport, writing to the Hobart Town Mercury on January 7, saja:-" Last night six dozen and four fish, varying in weight from ¿lb. to ljlb. each, and which unquestionably belong to one of the two migratory species of salmon introduced to this colony, were caught at one haul of the Bcino-net in Sandy Bay. I have again and again given my reaBonB for believing that similar fish belonged to the species salmo salar, or true salmon, and need not therefore weary your readers by repeating them. To the angler or consumer of uah, the importance of this capture is equally great, whether the fish aro salmon or salmon trout, and as a matter of fact, the difference in quality between the two species is so slight, that numbers of salmon trout aro constantly sold in the English markets as salmon." [It will be seen from a telegram in another column that a fresh haul of salmon has been made in Sandy Bay.] The South Australian Education Regula- tions have been gazetted. The Jiegislar, while approving of them on the whole, con- siders it unjust that the remuneration allowed to female teachers should be BO much below that paid to mon. An unusual occurrence tempoiarily delayed the business of the Launceston Supreme Court on January 5. The Cornwall Chronicle reporta that "Sir Francis Smith, the chief justice, waa summing up the voluminous evidence in the bankruptcy caae of Robert Clarke, of Westwood, with bis usual clearness and lucidity, when he stopped and aaid to tho jury, ' Fray, excuse me, I am suffer- ing from headache.' After a brief pause, he proceeded again, and appearod to have recovered, but ho soon again stopped and said, ' Dear me, I never felt in this way before.' It waa Bnggeated that OB it was lunch time, his Honour would do well to adjourn for a abort (¡me. His Honour said, ' I passed asleepless night, and took somo sal volatile for the purpose of curing a severe headache, but this will pas8 away.' Again Sir Francis proceoded with further comments on the case, and then pausing said-' I am afraid I must retire,' and he adjourned the court for half-an.hour. His Honour Buffered very severely, but he completed his Bumming up at the end of the half-hour. Next day. Sir Francis appeared to be in his usual stato of health, with his mind as clear as ever.' An accident, which occasioned much alarm to the passengers, occurred on the Tasmanian Main Line Railway at Campania, on January 3\. The Hobart Town Mercury BtateB that " the forewheels of one of the carriages went off thó line, and continuod BO for several hundred yordB, producing a most alarming bumping motiqn that caused among the occu pants a scone of indescribable confusion, some Bcreaming, some fainting. The alarm waa paBBod along the train, whioh was brouRht to a standstill, and by means of bars of fencing the erratic carriage waa restored to its proper position, and all went well. But it was a more chance it was not other- wise, in which case, as the accident waa on an embankment, there would have boen a serious reckoning for the company and its officera." i l The crops this season in the Plenty district aro, we are informed by a correspondent, not nearly eo good as usual. This, no doubt is attributable, to a very large extent, tci the very extraordinary fall of rain whioh wo have had this season, whioh has spoiled hundreds of acros of corn, ' Bul, in addition to this, (ho farmor'a poBt-parrots-have appeared in far more than usual niimjbors. Flights of hundreds may be raised out of trees, and the orchards and > fields are swarming with them. During the Christmas and New Year's holidays, very many spWts. men visited FreBton, Heidelberg, ¿se., and no doubt did the farmers good service, but the birds aro still about in great numbers. A most distressing accident happened on January ¡3, near Hobart Town, to Master W. H. Wise, eldest son of ' Captain Wise,' of the Monarch steamer. "It acema," saya the j MMMIML " t__t -ban UM __?__ nun w_i ' assisting in working a newly-importéd mowj ing-machine, the actior^of a'jibbing1 horse threw him from the position in the maouinls ho occupied in front of the blades, ana, quick as thought, his left foot was severed at the ankle ; and he narrowly escaped other severe injuries, his other leg having beop also cut. It was found that amputation of the leg below the knee was necessary. Tho sufferer is progressing favourably." ' The cultivation of the tobacco plant is becoming an extensive industry in the Border districts of Victoria and Now South Wales. The Border Post mentions that "from thel2th July last to the 31st December, no less than 393,4821b. of leaf tobacco grown on the Victorian side of the Murray waB for- warded by the North-Eastern Railway frorn tho Wodonga Station to Melbourne. From Hie New South Wales side 55,8G01b. of tlie samo commodity was sent by rail to Mel- bourne under bond, destined for Sydney. Kstimating the Victorian weed at 8d" an'd the Riverine at Is. per lb., the value of tobacco leaf forwarded to Melbourne during the BÍX months would amount to £15,839. We may add that as far as we can ascertain, the crop for the present promises to be equal to that of last Beason, though rumours to the contrary have been set afloat." "The collapse of the Intercolonial Amateur Champion Race at Port Adelaido on Now Year's Day, was," observes the South Aus- tralian Advertiser, " a great disappointment to many persons who had expected to see an interesting and exciting event. It was noti- fied as early as May last that the first prize would be £150, and the second prize £25, but on the boats proceeding to the starting-point, the crews were informed that the firkt prize had been reduced to £100, and that there was no second prize to be given, but that the Becond boat in would save ita stake. The crews naturally refused to pull for the lower amount, and the result was that the boats returned to the Port without racing. The explanation of the secretary, Mr. H D. O'Halloran, was, that ' the committee had felt it impossible to gire the prize originally advertised, as, owing to the absence of any boats from the other colo, nies, the race could not be called an inter- colonial one, ' but in the original advertise- ment the race is not called an 'inter- colonial' one, so that this excuse is, at the best, a bad one." The following Japan intelligence is taken from the North China Herald of the 25th November. The correspondent of the HiogoNewsBaya :-"The exhibition at Osaka may be pronounced a success. Tho first day there were 1,500 visitors, but on the 3rd (the Mikado's birthday) the number shot up to (¡,000 visitors. On the 7th there were 2,000 visitors. There have been several slight shocks of earthquake felt at Yoko- hama. It is rumoured that some days ago an attack, by four assassins, was made upon the Prime Minister, Sanjo Daijin, when riding in his carriage in Tokio. The driver was wounded, and the carriage out with swords, but an alarm being given, the aBsaseinB made off without effecting their purpose. The occurrence led to each Mini, ster's residence being guarded night and day by the police. The attack has beonkoptsecrot. The Gazette mentions that most, if not all, the Italian graineurs leave by the out- going mail for Europe, having completed their purchases. The nativo holders of silk worms eggs reduced their extortionate de. mande, principally, it is said, through repre- sentations made to them from the Japanese Consul in Italy, who plainly proved to them that the prices they wanted could not be paid by the foreign buyers. We have heard of one batch of .40,000 cartons being sold at the low rate of 7i cents, per carton.'' The Eclio du Japan says that the ferry boats, which are still in UBO for conveying passengers and merchandise across the rivers which traverse the principal roads of the Empire, will all be replaced by stone or wooden bridges as soon as possible." Concerning the form and material of Australian bonds Mr. Wm. Westgarth writes in his circular on November 26:-"Very treat improvement has been made, both in the colonies and on this side, in the ' get up' of the bonds of loans. Many of the colonies now print thoir own bonds ; for instance, in Australasia, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania, while those of New Zealand are made here. The home specimens are decidedly the best as to the quality of paper, as well as other and higher qualities. The later New Zealand and Cape issues, by the Crown agent«, show perhaps the best and most suitable attainments in all respects. The market, preferring with their largo deal- ings, a lighter and thinner paper, are well suited with the later Canadian issues by Messrs. Barings, and Messrs. Glyn and Co., the bonds of which aro exceedingly neat, with sufficient size of coupon. The chief fault in the colonially made bonds is either too soft a papor or too small coupons, the latter being sometimes, to additional disadvantage, crowded around the body of the bond engagement. In point of form the South AUB ti alian bonds are tho best, but the paper is inconveniently soft and thick. In regard to paper, on the other hand, most of the other colonies are fairly suitable. There is one exception, in the late issue of Brisbane five per cents., the paper of which is BO soft and bad that this part at least of the evi. dence of debt is in great danger of an early and entire disappearance." "One of the largest and noisioBt of the Kenealy meetings held in this neighbour- hood," saya the Western Daily Mercury of November l8, "took place last evening at the Mechanics' Institute, Devonport, when there was a pure and unadulterated exhibi- tion of Kenealyism. The earlier speakers were for the most part good-humoured, and for the first hour and a half nothing could have been more mild than the tone of the meeting ; but in a few minutes after Dr. Kenealy got on his logs, ho suc- ceeded in exasperating a large portion of his hearers by making coarse attacks upon every- body and every newspaper that was not favourable to the cause of 'Tichborne' One gentleman claimed to bo hoard in reply, nnd was making his way to the platform, when he was pushed off his legs, dragged along the ball, hit over the head with sticks and umbrellas, and otherwise maltreated. It was fully half-an-hour before quietness was re- stored, and then Dr. Kenealy commenced a furious attack on tho press, the representa- tives of whom he denounced as half lunatics, half fools, common public liars, Ortonitesi ' bullockies,' noodles, and men with as much conscience as there was in the hide of a, rhinoceros. The meeting broke np in the greatest disorder." "Parents who aro anxious to prevent any diminution in the ranks of their families will do well," the Pall Mall Gazette remarks, " to note a statement contained in the report of the sanitary inspector of Glasgow with re- ference to ' toy balloons.' It seems that the yollow india-rubber toy balloons BO frequently sold to children are coloured by a material which is poisonous. The Glasgow analyst baa found that the colouring matter consists of one part of chromate of lead and three partB of carbonate of lime, the former being poisonous. Children, being in the habit of applying their mouths to the orifice of these balloons for the purpose of filling them with air, in this way may readily re- ceive a quantity of such poisonous powder into their mouths. Toy balloons, therefore, although admirably, fitted for playthingB at baby farms and other institutions of a similar character, should be viewed with suspicion in every well-regulated nursery. It is really not surprising that such vast numbers of children nowadays fail to survive the perils of childhood. Their diet-if they get any food at all-often consists chiefly of diseased meat and pestilential milk, while even .their toys are poisoned by their elders and belters on the principle of wholesome competition in' trado." i i "A palpable change of front," styji the London Atlas, "is observable in Govern- mental ciroles as regards the press. Until vere recently nobody knaw «hera to lonlt for ollicial information, > for none was fortacom ing ; 'but now the mot d'ordrt seems to have gone forth ' Conciliate the newspapers ' ; and thus it 1B that the Globe is furnished almost daily with paragraphs which, if not invariably of great interest outside of Downing-atreet and Whitehall, are worth the reading. Onde in a way too, when Mr. Disraeli is par- ticularly anxious to remove a bad impres- sion, he senda a conmun'iuc all round, a<3 W«B the case last week, apropos of the with, drawal of the obnoxious slave-trade circular, which was most unjustly and erroneously attributed to Sir Richard Baggallay. But the editora of the morning papera must have gnashed their teeth when they saw that the favoured Globe had been able to anticipate them." "Nell, the California Diamond," rather surprised the playgoers of Geelong last even- ing. She made her first appearance there in "No Name" on Tuesday night, but in con sequence of the attractions offered by the moonlight concert there waa but a very scant attendance. Last evening the stalls and baok seatc were well filled, but only some half dozen or so occupied the dress circle. Eight o'clock came and so did 'a quarter past, bat. there was no sign of the performance commencing. Atabout that time, Mr. Stuart O'Brien carno before the curtain, lookingmuchannoyod.and after some hesita- tion said he waa sorry to have to come be fore them with an apology, but he had to tell them "Nell" had refused to play, for what reason it was not necessary for him to state -, that would be for hor to explain to Messrs. Harwood and Co. He had, therefore, only to throw himself on their kindness, and ask them to take back their money at the door. ' This announcement fairly took the audience aback. Before they had re- covered from their astonishment, how- ever, Mr. Giddens came forward and Baid some explanation was due from "Nell." She was under contract with Messrs. Har- wood and Co., underwhich sho wastoreceive a certain portion of the proceeds. They had compelled her to playón the previous evening, by which she had Buffered a heavy loss. She considered Messrs. Harwood and Co. had committed a breach of faith in compelling her to play on Tuesday, and as she saw the atten dance there that (Wednesday) evening would not recuperate her, ehe had declined to play. This explanation having been received with disfavour, Mr. O'Brien again came forward. Ho was, he said, sot ry to have to speak again, but the lady was there to play before them. They had paid their money to see her play, and she ought to do so. On retiring Mr. O'Brien was loudly cheered, and the audience dispersed. The Theatre Royal waa well attended last night The pantomime of " Froggee would a Wooing Go" went with ita usual smooth- ness. The Opera-house was again well attended last night. The pantomime of " Fortu- nata " appears likely to remain a favourite with the public for a considerable time. The pleasant entertainment at St George's Hall waa fairly patronised last night. The beautiful waterfall ia as attractive aa the Fairy Fountain introduced by the Fakir of Oolu lost season. We have received from "Ethel" £1 for the Protestant Female Refuge at Carlton, and £1 for the Sick Children's Hospital. We bave received from Mr. A. J. Smith of Swanston-Btreet, the Sunday Magazine for November. Mr. R. C. Bogot boa sent us, on behalt of Mr. John Thompson, the sum of £10, the amount of one of Mr. Mason, M.L.A.'e, dis- puted bets, to be divided equally betwoon the Melbourne Hospital and the Lying-in Hos- pital. »A. special meeting of the Medical Board of Victoria will be held to-day at noon, for the purpose of registering an up-country prac- titioner. We are requested to draw attention to the advertisement of the annual meeting of the Horticultural Improvement Society to-night (Thursday), at 8 o clock, at the Horticultural ball, when the annual report will be sub- mitted and the election of officers for the en- suing year will take place. A leoture on "Secular Education" was delivered at the Temperance-hall, Williams- town, on Tueaday evening, by Mr. E. G. Figg. The chair waa occupied by Mr. H R. Reid. The lecturer is president of the local branch of the Educational League, in con- nexion with which the lecture was de- livered. The monthly meeting of the New Third Victoria Building and Investment Society (second series) waa held on Wedneaday even- ing, at the office, CO Elizabeth- street Mr. G. W. Rusden, who WB8 in the chair, announced the month's takings to be £780 17s lid. A number of shares were soldat a premium of £4. The third annual balance sheet was laid before the shareholders The profit for the year waa shown therein to be £14a. 4d. per share, making, with former yeara' profit and three years' subscription, a total value of £20 9s. 2d. The usual committee mooting of the Victo- rian United Licensed Victuallers' Asaociation was held at their rooma on Monday last, when it was decided that the annual picnic should be held on the 15th February. Several donations to the building fund were received, and the architect's report as to the near completion of the almshouses at North Fitzroy waa satisfactory. The Building Com- mittee intend visiting the ground on Friday next. _______________ 