Shipping. ARRIVALS. NOVEMBER 3 -Claymore, barque, 287 tons, Captain J H Pepper, from Adelaide October 10 Quinlan and Co, agents November 3--Famenoth, ship (Clyde line), 1000 tons, Captain W Auld, from Glasgow June 24, Greenock June 29. Passengers—Mr. and Mrs J McCowan and family, Miss E Fletcher, Rev George M Colledge, Messrs Andrew Robert, R Fulton, James York, J W Grant, and 318 immigrants, equal to 287 statute adults. Doctor J. R. Joseph, surgeon superintendent Mrs Boyd, matron. D L Brown and Co, agents November 3 -Enstmmster, ship (Orient line), 1150 tons, Captain W Mosey, from Liverpool ?July 5, and Queenstown July 15, with 344 im migrants, equal to 314 statute adults Doctor W H. Maclean, surgeon superintendent Mrs W are, matron Parbury, Lamb, and Co, agents November 3 -City of Brisbane, ASN Co's B , 504 tons, Captain F C Knight, from Sydney October 31 Passengers Mr and Mrs E Johnston and child, Mrs T J Martin, Miss Martin, Messrs John Hams, J Gibson, J Coshion, W P White, J B Taylor, C Bright, J Falkner, G Adams, H Summers, Jacques Martin, and 10 in the steerage H O Reilly, agent November 3 -James Paterson, ASN Co's 8, 887 tons, Captain C J Nigbtmgall, from Sydney October 31 No passongers H O Reilly, agent November 3 -Lady Young, ASN Co's s, 421 tons, Captain \\\ Hill, from Rockhampton, Gladstone, and Maryborough Passengers Mrs Tucker, Mrs Whitman, Mrs Tit?, Miss Scott, Miss Gucnn, Miss Wilkinson, Messrs J Wright, D Wallace, C Martindale, G Armstrong, T White, H Steward, Hardcastle, A Paterson, J P Amos, R Cran, A A Johnston, Simmonds, W Jack, G Wilkinson, Captain Taylor, and 22 in the steerage H O Reilly, agent November 3 - Culgoa, s , 56 tons, Captain S Clark, from Noosa M'Ghie, Luya, and Co, agents. November 3 -Agne«, s, 41 tons, Captain W B Clark, from Maroochie J D Campbell, agent. DEPARTURES November 3 -Culgoa, s, 56 tons, Captain W P Clark, for Noosa Passengers Mrs Holmes and fomily, Miss Elareson, Mr A F. Luya, and 2 in the steerage M'Ghie, Luya, and Co, agents. November 3 -Agnes, B 41 tons Captain W P. Clark, for Maroochie J D Campbell, agent. ENTERED INWARDS November 3 -Red Riding Hood, barque (Orient line), 720 tons, Captain W Robertson, from London Barker and Co, agents IMPORTS (A special charge li made on conxlgnoes announcements inserted ni this column.) Red Riding Hood barque, from London 10 quarter-casks 1225 cases brandy, 300 cases geneva, 585 cases claret, 200 cases rum, 22 quarter casks Bherry, 80 hogsheads ale, 400 packages bottled beer, 260 packages oilmen's stores, 40 caaes starch, 20 cases loaf sugar, 13 packages raisins, 100 barrels currants, 53 caseB mustard, 53 casks mineral waters, 35 casks soda crystals, 5 cases jujubes, 20 cases marma lade, 12 bales paper, 45 casks whiting, l8 cases confectionery, 5 bales corks, 16 packages drapery, 7 cases books, 7 boxes type, 9 cases pianos, 10 cases nails, 49 packages ironmongery, 100 cases galvanised iron, l8 kedge anchors, 1100 barrelß cement, 1257 steel rails, and 892 pack- ages sundry merchandise For Ipswich 100 barrels cement, 67 cases nails, 7 bundles bellows, 4 cases hardware, and 4 packages tools Claymore, barque, from Adelaide 419 tons flour. City of Brisbane, s, from Sydney 10 pack- ages tobacco, 11 trunks boots, 20 cise3 claret, 3 cases hats, 6 cases wine, 7 packages machinery, 11 packages earthenware, 225 boxes starch, 3 bales ore bags, 4 hogsheads 20 quarter casks brandy, 13 packages drapery, 17 bales hops, 33 packagea drugs and apothecaryware, 250 sucks flour, 21 cases cheese, 7 kegs butter, 28 sacks potatoes, 14 cases onions, 135 ca«es fruit, 2 cab*, 2 horses, and 62 packages sundries Lady Young, s, from the Northern Ports 52 bales wool, 53 hiles skms, 4 casks tallow, 50 hides, 81 sacks lime, 5 hogsheads white spirits, 35 boxes soap, 4 casks molasses, <t30 bags sugar, and 42 packages sundries Culgoa, s, from Noosa 25,000 feet timber Agnes, s, from Maroochie 37 logs pine, 4 logs beech. Ex Red Riding Hood, ship, from London 1000 caseB Martells brandy, 53 cases Colman a mustard, 30 tons galvanised iron, 200 cases Bass' quart ale, 100 cases Devcnish'a quart ale Par bury, Lamb, and Co Ex Queen of Nations, Harmodius, Corinth, and Red Riding Hood, ships, from London 550 cases Hennmy's pale, 50 cases XXJ. pale, 25 cases xxx dark, 30 quarter casks Hennessy s pale brandy, 165 Backs Silt, 10 bales bag« 11 biles royal hand and brown papers, 3 casts Borwick s baking powder 8 cases cocoi, 20 barrels rice, 10 coses plaids, 150 boxes elemes, 2 tanks and 12 cases muBcatels and sultanas, 5 barrels almouds, 3 cases barcelon is 2 cases Jordan almonds, 1 caso nutmegs, lu cases candied peel, 20 kegs carbonate Boda, 20 caskB crushed loaf Bugar, 10 caBks loaf sugar, 1 case ground rice, 5 ceses salts, 50 cases bottled fruits, 50 cises vinegar, 10 cises raspberry vinegar, 50 cases salud oils, 50 boxc3 candles, 20 cases star lobsters, 5 casca herrings à la sardines, 20 coses oysters, 10 cases potted meats, 30 cases English jams, 10 cases jellies, 5 cases calves foot jelly, 40 casca castor oil, 85 cases Morton's 20 cibes Logie pickles, 10 quarter casks old port, 20 cases limejuice, 50 cases lime juice cordial, 70 cases schwepp's soda, tome, and lemonade waters 20 aiBes Ritkctt's blue, 5 fir- kins soft soap, 3 cases soap powders, 1 case strychmue, 2 cises knife polish, 2 bales Beaming twine, 2 cases tea tw incs, 10 casos groats, 40 cases I-Ib. Coleman a mustard, 10 cises Keen s lb, 10 cases Keens DSP 4 and lb miiB tard, 5 cases mixe I «pice, 5 ticrcea plan tation coffee, 20 kegs 10 casks pearl barley, 10 quarters vinegar, 5 kegs 1 case linseed meal, 5 kegs saltpetre, 10 ktgB lump alum, 50 boxes liurna' cutty pipes, 100 drums linseed oil, 20 drums col/.i oil, 30 cases North Wilta cheese, 20 coses York ham«, 10 cises bellies bacon, 10 cases calves' foot jelly, 15 cases axe handles, 20 cases Collins axe«, 10 cases Hunter's hatchets, 20 racks wood and /mc wash- boards, 5 cases hellier s confectionery, 94 cises marmalade Quinlan and Co Ex Corinth and Red Riding Hood, barques, from London 5 quarter cask« "ÍO cises lexier, Lerard, and Co s brandy, 100 cases Sir Robert Burnett's old tomgiu (ltiAnnBtrongguu bottles), 25 trunks Llly'B boots omi shoes, 1 COBC sheep shears, 80 quarts 20 pints Bass nie, 200 cuses Red Heart rum, 25 bags chain«, 5 toaks "i coses saddlery, 1 eise gas meters Henry Bo*. indSon Ex HannoilniB, Sopin, and Corinth, barques, from London 6 packages gents Register kid boots, 4 packages gent« glove kid boots, 3 packages gen ta' mock Bulinoril kid boots, sewn and pegged, 2 packages gents' morocco 1 m peror's, 4 picknges gents Rusbcll kid boot«, 3 packages gents' plain kid boots, bevvn mid pegged, 7 potkugts gents calf boot«, 12 puck ages gents morocco, calf, kid, el istic Oxford and Derby shoes, 2 packages Indies fuuey stitched, mock lace, and gla/td kid boots, 5 packages Indies Rabnor ii boot«, 15 packages ladies kid, morocco, pitcnt, listing, and white kid, elastic, Lomo und Derby shoe«, 7 packages ladies' fancy stitched lasting boot«, 4 packages ladies' fancy Hessian listing boot«, 5 packages ladies plum and too caji lusting boot«, 3 packages ladies vv bite kid and muree 111 boot«, 3 package« Indies house boots, 2 patkiige« mi«t-c« 1/2 kid und lnstmg boots (plain and fancy), 7 packages children B 0/9 and 10/13 (patent, kid, morocco, and lasting) boots mid shots m gi eat variety, J packages infants 0/5 and 2/5 felt fancy patent, mid kid clastic suits and Bulmoial«, 2 packugis youths mot oteo mock Balmoral and jAf-nt elastic sides, 2 packages youths Bul KioraU, 4 packages goiiû, ladies, und misses «tippera Jame« Hunter Ex. Corinth, b irqtie, from Loud m 42 quarter tiutÍH Graham H port wine«, JO quarter casks Hennessy'» brandy, 1 GO cuses] leimt isy B brandy, 51 cane* KoodtrcrB champagne, 200 cases Lownde'* Old Tom, 100 case« Kinalmn's LL whisky, 10Û casks Portlind cement, d caseB o/lflHB and thinawaro Bnibnut und Co ' Kx Red Riding Hood, birquo, from London 100 cask* Portland cement, 6 bales corks, 22 quarter cask« COAU'B sherries Brabant and Co Ex Ea jtminster, ship, from Queenstown 15 tonB fi je factory filled salt, 50 tons rock Bait, 16,000) fire bricks Parbury, Lamb, and Co EJC Famenoth, ship, from Glasgow 250 cases Tennent's quart ale, 90 casks Tennent s quart ide, 10 casks Tennent s pint ale Parbury, Louib, and Co IraWicu STI limns-Tho Louiso, from Messrs D L Brown and Co 'a wharf, at 7 o.m , and the Ipswich, from the ASN Coa wharf, at 9 a m , to day The James P iterson, s, leav es the ASN Co s wharf for Maryborough this morning, ut 11 o'clock The City of Brisbane, s, will be despatched for Sydney to day at noon The following pas eongers had booked last evening -Mrs M'Nicholl, Miss M'Intyre, Mrs Gordon, Messrs E Hogarth, W Simmonds, J A Egard, R H Chinchen, James W Craig, and Dr Ralph Ihe Edina, s, to arrive at the Commercial w h irf from Sydney at an early hour this morn mg, resumes her passage to Maryborough this afternoon, at 1 o clock The Blackbird, s , will be despatched from the Commercial wharf for Townsville, Trinity Bay, and Cooktown, this evening, at 6 o clock The E and A Co'sRMS Singapore,bringing the mails from England to the date of September 15, na Bnndisi, and the usual Eastern advices, from Hongkong, calling at Singapore, Somerset, Cooktow n, To» nsville, and Bowen, resumed her passige from Keppel Bay for this port yesterday morning at 8 o clock, and may thercfoie be ex pected to reach her anchorage in the Brisbaue Roads this afternoon about 4 o'clock The Kate, being appointed to leave the Queen s wharf this afternoon, for the purpose of traushippmg the mails, a delivery moy be looked for ata late hour to night. Passengers proceeding by the Singnpore for Sydney and Melbourne, will leave Bright s wharf to morrow (Suuday) morning at 9 o clock, aud none but these booked will be allowed to go on board The Lady Young, s, takes her departure for Maryborpugh, Gladstone, and Rockhampton on Tuesday afternoon, at 1 o clock The Governor Blackall, s, which nrnved at Sydney from Brisbane yesterday, is to leave again for this port to day, and arriving here in the cour«e of Monday evening, will probably be despatched for Sydney on Wednesday next Ihe E and A Co s R M S Bowen will be despatched from Moreton Bay on Thursday after- noon next at 1 o clock, carrying the usual monthly homeward and eastern mails for Singapore and Hongkong, and will call at Keppel Bay, Bowen, Tovvnsvdle, Cooktown,andSomerset The Bowen, s, is to leave Sydney for Brisbane this afternoon A steamer of the ASN Co s fleet, either the Wentworth or Florence Irving, will leave Sydney for Brisbane on Monday afternoon or Tuesday at noon, and be despatched hence next Saturday morning for Keppel Bay, Hat top Island, Bowen, Townsville, Cardwell, and Trinity Bay The Victoria, s, from Cooktown, having called at Trinity Bay and Townsville, resumed her pas sage from Bowen for Sydney yesterday after- noon The Lord Ashley, s, en route from Cooktown for Brisbane, having called at Trinity Bay and Townsville, is due at Bowen this morning The Balclutha, s, bound from Sydney to Rockhampton direct, will probably pnss Cape Moreton this evening The Tinonee, s, from Maryborough direct, waa due at St Lawrence yesterday The Black Swan, s, bound from St Lawrence to Brisbane, ia due at Rockhampton to morrow (Sunday) The Yaralla, e, from Mackay to Bnobane, re Burned her passage from Rockhampton yesterdoy morning at 8 o clock, and will therefore arrive here in the course of to morrow (Sunday) The Leichhardt, s, from Brisbane on Saturday last, having called at the usual intermediate ports, probably arrived at Cooktown last even ing, and if possible will leave on her return southward to night The Lady Bowen, B , is due at Rockhampton to day from Brisbane, Maryborough, Bundaberg, and Gladstone The Brisbane, Government steamer, from Rockhampton to Brisbane, passed the Burnett River Heads yesterday morning The E and A Co s steamship Normanby bound from Sydney to Cooktown and Hongkong, will probably be signalled from Cape Moreton this evening The Tambaroora, «, is expected to take her departure from Sydney, for Brisbane and Rock hampton, to day Ihe Barrabool, s, arrived at Sydney fiom Melbourne on Thursday night, and leaves again for Melbourne on Tuesday next The City of Melbourne, s , is due at Sydney from Melbourne to night, and will leave on her return to that port on Tuesday next The Macedon and City of Adelaide, steamers, arrived at Melbourne, from Sydney, yesterday morning TbeiiouYangB and Alexandra, steamers, are due at Melbourne from Sydney on Monday next. The Cheviot, s,will arrive at Sydney from Melbourne on Monday morning The B omerang s ; H due at Sydney from Rockhampton on Monday next 1 he P M Co s R M S ¿ealandia, from Son Francisco, with tht mmls from Fnglnnd to the date of September 21, is due off Auckland to morrow (Sunday), and will probibly arrive at Sydney on Wednesday next The P and O Co s R M S Avoca, is due off Gltucl¿ on Friday next with the mails from Fngland for the colonies to the date of September 29, na BnndiBi The Lady Young, p, left Rockhampton on October 31 at 7 a m cleared Keppel B ly at 11 30 a m , arrived ut G1 idstoue at 5 p m , aud left a0ain at 7 p m , arrived at Mnryborough on No v ember 1 at 1 p m, left Varyboiough on the 2nd at 10 30 am, crossed Wide Buy Bar at 4 30 p m , passed Capo Moreton y esterduy at 2 am, and arrived ot the wharf at 7 30 um hxpenenccd light northerly wmdB to Mary borough, and fre h southerly winds and fine weather to arrival The City of Brisbane, s, left Sydney Heads on TutBday, at 5 30 p m She has bad light north west and north east wind«, with fine weither, dunng the rabbage Rounded Cape Moreton on Thursday at 1 JO p m , and anchored oil the river Bar yesterday at 1 30 a m , arriving at the company s wharf at 7 am Tho Clay moro, barque, with a cargo of bread Btuffs from Port Adelaide, entered Moleton Boy yesterday morning, 24 d ijs out, and onchored off the Bar in the afternoon, ot 5 o clock The Famenoth, a new clipper-built ship of the Clyde line, launched at Gavan in April last, ar- rived off Cape Moreton from Glasgow, with 351 souls on board, yesterday, before daylight, and entering the Bay at noon, would reach the anchorage, Brisbane Roads, about dusk last evening, too late, possibly, for the Health Officer to board until this morning The Famenoth has made a lengthened passage of 125 days from Greenock, and must have experienced much calm and adverse weather and currents on the coast, as, on Sunday last, the vessel was spoken near the South Solitary by the City of Brisbane, s. The Famenoth, which is to the agency of Messrs D L Brown and Co, brings a cargo valued at time of clearance at £16,700, principally soft goods, bottled beer, uud rails. The Eustminster, also i ntw iron i lq | or shi], 1 lunched at Glisgow m Juno 1 i'-t, and owned by Messrf Berryman mil ] urnbull, i f 1 i nil n md living on this viynge the Hog of the Hi lent lim which also nrnved oil Cqo Mtreton yteterdiy morning, is origin illy from I iver] oil, ut which port «ho loaded a caigo of i ii«, «tit uni otlu i merchuidisc, valued in di at til 300, but last fiom Queenstown, whero «he embnikcd, on July 15,341 itnungi nits, equal to 31 1 btitute nlults 'lins fine new ship has occit] led «onie 110 days on the | ossogc, and was hist rc| orttd as at author mudo Capo Moreton yesteuliy afternoon, but will jrobibly reich tho Bush mo Ho ids to day Messrs Parbury, I amb, and Co are tho ogeuts for the 1 istminster, which le ported all well upon arm al at Cqo Moleton Ibu Phillis, brig, bound to Newcastle, in bollibt put to Bea yesteidiy m ming Hie Rumsey, ship, which is bound foi I ondoii, Bailing next week, having been towed down tho uver by the I rancis Cadell and Settler, l« now at anchor in the Bnsl ODO Ko id« Iho L uly Darling, schooner, from tho South Sei lui md«, cunio up the nvei yesterday mom mg Captain W Robertson rojuts that tho Red Ruling Hood, barque,left the \\\ ist liulin docks at 1130 am July 20, und towed to thu Downs Hie wind blowing fresh from tho south wist, the anchoi was lot go left the Downs on Satin duy, the 22ud, at 2 jim, with light northerly winds. The pilot was landed off Cowes on Sunday, at 7.30 p.m. Had light iiorth-westerly_ winds to the Bill of Portland, whon it shifted to north-east, and continued in that quarter more or less until abreast of the Cape do Verde Islands, which position was reached on the 11th August. Boarded the Danish ßbip Haram, from Callao to Falmouth. From the islands we had nothing but south-south-west and south-west winds, at times blowing fresh. The equator was crossed on the 23rd of August, in l8" 26' west Had strong south- east trades, with very heavy squalls and southerly eea. Sighted the Island of Trinidad on the 1st of September, passing close to tho west- ward. Tho south- east trades (which had been the heaviest I had ever experienced) left us on the 4th of September in latitude 27° 50' south, and longitude 31° 48'west. From this to the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope, which was reached on the 21st of September, we had moderate north-westerly and south-westerly winds, with the exception of four or five days that we encountered light north- easterly and south- easterly winds. On the 20th of September, iu latitude 40" south, and longitude 19° 30' east, a vessel's skylight (painted white) was pissed. The easting was run down in latitude 40° Bouth until reaching the Lenin (October 13). Here we had a severe gale from north-west, succeeded by an equally severe one from south-west, causing a heavy cross sea, and during the latter breeze a heavy sea broke on board between the main and mizzen rigging, smashing the starboard lifeboat, and a portion of the bulwarks on both sides. The cabin was flooded with water, and a large quantity of water went into the storeroom, destroying some stores. Along the south coast of Australia moderate northerly winds prevailed, with continual rain and low barometer (29'10). The Otway and King's Island was sighted at 10.30 a.m. on the 21st of October. Wind light, from north-east, and baffling until 4 p.m., when a westerly breeze sprung up. Passed Wilson's Promontory at 4 p.m. next day. . Here we spoke the Florence Nightingale, from Melbourne, bound to Sydney. Between the Promontory and Cape Howe the wind was strong from north-north- east, gradually hauling into the westward and ending in a southerly buster. On Wednesday, October the 25th, had a heavy thunder-storm, and Btrong unsteady winds. On Tuesday, the 21st of October, at 1 p.m., sighted Cape More- ton, and anchored off the Yellow Patch at 7 p.m. same day. At 2 a.m. on November 1st the pilot came on board ; and at 4 p.m. got under- way in the Roads, and anchored at Bar same day. At Raff's wharf, the Young Australian, bar quentine, is loadingfor Townsville ; the Mystery, schooner, for Mackay ; and the Marquis of Lorne, schooner, for St. Lawrence. The Red Riding Hood, barque, from London, was expected to be towed up the river last night. The Restless, brig, from Noumea, arrived at Gladstone yesterday morning. The Wodonga, barque, Bailed from Adelaide for Brisbane yesterday. 