SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Wednesday. Mr S. Wilton Stack has been autho rised to act as agent for the Government in Japan to introduce Japanese into the Northern Territory. Mr Iugloby has given notice that a property tax shall bo levied. The Government are commencing five- mile soctions of the Murray and Barra to Hallott Railways, employing 200 men at Gs. Gd. per day. A deputation of from fifty to sixty immigrants waited on the Government and asked employment as navvies. Mr Cotton said that ho would give an answor on Monday, but cautionod them not to oxpoct more than Gs. Gd, per day. The committee on the Northern Mineral loases report thai Mr. Cook, M.P., entered into financial speculations whiah could only bo made successful by future legislation. A large sale of wheat has beon made at 4s. 7d. afloat. The Ella, Beutrico, and Lochiel have been chartered to load breadstuff's for Africa. BEEonwonin Volunteer Fire Oonrs.— In answor to tho call of Mr Dalziol, tlio United Shiro surveyor, a numbor of persons mot at tiro Town-hall, Booohworth, on Tuesday evening, for tho purpose of oonBidoring tho formation of a corps for the extinguishing of Ores. Mr Dalziol was ealled to the obair, and brioily Btatod tho object, and Mr Boborl Young lrindly consoutod to aot as lion, secre tary, pro tail. It was moved by Mr Harris, and seconded by Mr Braliiim, that those gontlomen prosout who were desirous of juiniug in the movoiuont should onrol them selves as members of the " Booohworth Firo Uorps j" carried unanimously. The following nnuips were then handed in and duly on- rolled : — Mr B. Young, bon. soo, and Messrs Dalziol, A. 0. Fyfo, 13. S. Harris, Brubam, John Smith, Jas. Ogilvie, Gnllon, W. J. Greer, Geo. Ross, T-inswell, Saudham, and R. Nelson. These gentlemen not only form a good working liuclms, but tho names nro in themselves porfoctly suflioiont to onBUro tho niovornout being lnailo a siiooossful ono. It wns then moved ly Mr Harris, and duly seconded, that a oniuraittuo bo formed, consist ing of Messrs Tuuswotl, Ross, Groor, R. Young and tho mover to enquire into Ibo host plueo for keeping tbo reels and hose nud fully re porting to tlio next mooting to bo held on Friday (to-morrow) evening iu tho Town Hall at 8 o'clock. The mooting then ndjoumod to that day and hour. The nowly-enrolled members tliou prooeeded to gat tbeir iirsi losson in tlio use of tbo hydrant nud boso from Mr Rourko, who is in charge of the np plinnce?, nud sont a good stream high over tbo post-oflieo towor. The hose bouse will now bo left open at uigbt with n lamp lighted. Mn D. WnioHT.— This gentleman is, we believe, about leaving Beoohworth, most pro bably uovor to rattirn, nud oonsidoring Ibo position ha filled in this district as a business man, and the charaetor bo hold us an honor- abla one, .it would be . ungracious iu us to allowhimto depart without pnyiugsome tribute to bis roally sterling qualities. For, although, owiug to his not having for tho last few years through ill -health, been able to pay that attcutiou to bis oitairs, wliioh -would un doubtedly hnvo made him- ono of -the most prospoious men in tho community, bis busi ness taloiits were uuquestionablo. Indeed we think, bad bis constitution been stronger, lie was made of that stuff from which we ltavo cut ont some of our very best public men in these dislrie(8, as be always took n most intelligent iuterest iu every question of .the day, and assumed a prominent part in tbo semi-public movement got np for tbo purpose of establishing a woollen faotory iu Beach- worth. Mr Wright toopossossod that kind 'of off-band liberality in his dealings, without which n man may be fairly sucaeseful in t-ado, but will assuredly uover mouut to lha highest rung of the ladder. In this district, Mr Wright nt different times established drapery and grocery stores in Buthcrglen, Gl Dorado, Beechwortli, and Waugaratta, being always successful until bis health be gan to givo way j but, be oontinued his drapery busiuesB iu Boechworth oven for Eome time after bo was no longer able to altoud to it himself. To show the estimation in which he was held by Stevonson and Son, in Mel bourne, the firm with whioh he did business, we may'meulion that on his winding up his affdirs on the last occasion, they sent him a handsome olicquo to mark their appreciation of his energy, bis business eapaoity, and bis. honorablo dealing with them. Should a change of climate happily re-tore Mr Wright to his old " form," we venture to predict, as we sincerely hope that we Bball hear of him at some other place as a successful business and public inau. Sudden Death. —Mr John Hennessy, a farmor at North Wangsratta, in the very prime of life, died somewhat suddenly on last Monday evening, the cause of his death being acute inflammation of the lungs. The de ceased had been for a considerable time engaged in farming pursuits at North Wan garatta, but haviug received a crasbing blow by the failure of Mr D. H. Evans, his affairs had got into a complicated state. Mr Hen nessy was an old Woolshod miner in its palmy days, having been employed in Mr Duncau Cameron's claim. His age was only- 44 years at his death. .Publications Received. — Wo beg to ao. knowledgo the receipt of the " Australian Journal," the "ABO Railway and Road Guide " from Messrs Gordon and Gotcb, and the " Temperance News" lor September; also the " Fourth Aonual Report of ibe Vio- torian Discharged Prisoners' Aid Sooiely." Wo havo also just received the " Annual Report of the Department of Mines, New South Wales, for tho year 1875," a moBt valuable work, containing 167 pages, from which we purpose from time to timo to give vnluablo -statistical, mining, and geological information concerning tho BiBter colony. Serious Accident. —Mr Wat. Rodoliff, the well-known oartor of Havelook-road, met with a seriouB aeoidont on Tuesday. It seems that ho was carting some stuff for a contraot at Spring Creek, and was in the act oi »iuupiuB uuuv> tho back of the dray to blook the wheels when the tilt pin either gave way or worked out in front, and tbo baok of the dray came down upon bim, crushing him severely. It is said that but for tbo baokward extension of the Bhnfts, whioh kept tho weight off him to a eerlaiu extent, he might have been killed on tho spot. As it is his injuries are severe, if not serious, but no absolute danger is appre hended. Last night we learned that the injury was ooncussiou of the spine, but the oaso was progressing vary favorably. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — Tho usual fortnightly meo?iug of the oommittee was held yesterday evening, when there were present— Mr Ingram (Vioe-Prcsidont),iu tho ohair, and Messrs Hiekling, Clinch, Stevens, O'Connor and Duuoan. The minutes of the previous meetings were road and eoufirmed and the following correspondence road:— From tho Aeting Under-Treasttrer, in reference to tho grants for 1876-77 ; no aation. From tlio Haslo to the Rescue Lodge, El Dorado, for warding £10, being tbo proceeds of an enter tainment ; tbo special thanks of tbo oommitteo was voted. Tho usual reports were read and adopted. Acoounts amounting to £166 16s wore passed for payment. Tliero being no vaoauoios in tbo OByluin, several applications for admission wore poatpouod. The number in tbo bouse to date was reported as 49 men, 8 women ; total, 57. Roociving oat-door relief, 25 mun, 14 women, 1 child ; total, 40. Tho meeting then adjourned. Melbourne Stook Report. — Messqs ' R. Gibson and Co. roport sales at their yards on Wednesday, 6th September, as follows : —730 bead of oattle wero forwarded to-day, most of which wero of indifforont quality. The market was up from 15s to 30s per bead, according to tho quality of tho oatllo offered. We sold 120 head of Pearson's Kilmany Park bullocks, avercging £11 10s per head. 100 of Robert son's FF bullooks, averaging, for station-breds — bullooks, £18 4s per head ; Btores, £16 7s per bead 9 cows, averaging £12 5s por head. 40 of Ritohio's Gowerio Park oows and bul looks, averaging £10 por head. 40 head of Hoddiuott's Rosedalo cows nud bullooks, ave raging £11 7s por bead. 18,000 fat sheep wero penned to-day ; host Merino wotbors bringing from 13s to 15s por bead. We sold 2800 of Bollingeramblo wotbors and 2700 Kenarabury wotbors. Eolipses. — A total oolipso of the sun will be visiblo in oaetcru Australia, as a partial ono will take plaoo on Monday week tho 18th inst. It will extoud over tho soath-woetorn part of tho Pacific Oaean, the aentro liuo of totality paeeing from a point a little north of New Guinea, through tho South Pacific Ocean to a point a littlo oast of Capo Horn. Tho grcatost phase in Melbourne will ooour at 51 minates after 6 a.m. A partial ealipse of tho moon was visible iu Beeohworth on the morn ing of tho 4th at 27 minutes past 4 o'olook, and the moan sot about 39 minutes beforo the groatest obsouration. Beeohworth Free Public Library. — The ordiqary monthly meeting uf the aommittee was held on Monday evening. Present : The President (Dr MoussG), and Messrs Hewitt, Kyle, Alderdiae, Baber, and Arundel, hon. see. The minutes of tho provious meeting wore oonfirmod, and the correspondence road. From (he Chief Sooretary, stating tbat part 3 of tbo Educational Collections of Botanioal SpooimoiiH would bo ready in a few days, but would only be distributed to suoh libraries as had already parts 1 and 2, aud which would scud applications for this and future isBues. The lion, soorotary was re quested to mnko the necessary application. From Mr Geo. Billson, dated from Melbourne, regretting bis abseuoa from tbo meeting, and explaining that lie bad intended to give no- tioo of motion that the library bo kept opon ou Sunday nftornoon,' but if any other mombor would givo notloo of motion to tbis offset, liu would support it at tho noxt moot ing. Tbo lion, secretary explained that tbo oommitteo bud nut the powor to doal with tbo matter, which must bo rcforrod to the subscribers ; and rend lulo 21, beariug upou tlio subject. T'lio matter then dropped for tbo prosout. Tbo following accounts wore passed for payment The Curator, £8 6s 8d; oxohnugo oil drnft to Mudio, 25s ; Groig and Wilson, £2 6s ; J. Ffotolior (stationary, books, &0.), £2 lis 6d ; potty cash, 9s. Several contributions wore imuouucud, amongst them thirty-two most valuable geological specimens from tbo diamond fields of South Afrioa, presented by Mr E. H. Duuti, of Becohworth, being a colleotiou made by that goutlomnn's distinguished sou on tho spot. Tho Curator's report of books was most satisfactory, ouo subscriber only being reporlod to huvo more books tlinu bo wch entitled to. Tlio roport of tbo Library aud Museum Sub-committco rcoomtuended that the list of now works from which soleolions might be mndo should bo exhibited iu tbo reading-room during the onsning month, with a viow to further sug gestions ; the list to bo fiually doalt with nt next mooting ; that a furlhor list of books, so 'far gono as to be beyond ropnir, should bo des troyed ; suoh others as could bo ropnired by Mr George Knight to bo bunded to bim, aud tlioso requiring rebinding to be s ;ut to Mel bourne. ,Tbo report was adopted, on the motion Af Mr, Baber, seoondod by Mr; Kylo. Tbo Building Committee's report,' whiob wai salisfaotory, .and reeommondod a few small improvements, wns also adopted. Tho sub committee appointed for tbo: purpose of re porting as to the advisability of holding an nrt union for the benefit of tbo funds and approving, same was road, but, owing to tbo small attendance, its consideration was post poned till the following evening,. to whiob the .mooting wns then adjourned. The adjourned meeting was held; : on, Tuesday evening. Present: The President (Dr Mousse), Messrs Baber, Dalziol, ' Kyle, O'Connor, Hewitt, Harris, and Arundel. Tito President having explained - the object of tbo adjournment, Mr UarriH. moved, nnd Mr. O'Oounor seoondod, that nt tho present time it is inndvisablo to proceed with the proposed nrt union. Mr Kylo moved, as an amendmont, and Mr Dalziel seoonded, that the consideration of the art uniou be left over until noxt general mooting of the oommitteo. Tho meeliog adjourned. Tue Lo-Lo and Davis Combination Com pany. — This troupe gnvo an ontertdinmont to a fair attendance nt St. George's Hail, Wan- garattn, last Monday evening, bnt tho pro gramme was robbed of its fair proportions by tbo non-appearance of Lo-Lo, tho oelobrnted trapezian. The petformauoo was like tbo tragedy of Hnmlet with the ohiof character, tho Danish Priuee, left out. Mr Davis is be yond all doubt a very excellent ventriloquist ; but a great number iu the ball bad previously witnessed bis talent at tho Theatre Royal, Melbouruu, aud tlioy had had almost a surfeit of the veutriloquial nrt, as Mr Voltaire had ouly recoutly given the publia a taste of bis quality ; and although bis performance was not qnite so finished as that of Mr Davis, as tbo dialogue introduced by him was crude aud not apropos, still on the whole it was a good show and pleased those who went to see it. However, tlio chief portion of the audience paid their money to witness the performances of Madame Lo-Lo only. Mr Davis at the in terval stated that owing to one of the De Glorian brothers having met Willi an accident in Albary, and the ball not being adapted for the trapeze, that portion of the programme would have consequently to be left ont. This oaused a considerable amount of dissatisfac tion, and a gentleman medico asked for bis money baok, ns it was a breach of agreement. Certainly the troupe should have givou timoly notice to the public that only n modicum of the programme would be proceeded with before taking the money nt the ball door. Wo noticed that the managers of tbo Theatre Royal, Melbourne, ou the occasion of Mrs Scott Siddons not being able to appear on the first night of her announcement owiug to tho late arrival of tbo Syduey steamer, told the people by placards conspiouously postod that the oolobrated lady oould not appear as an nounced, thus ltaepiug faith with the publio. As to the oxeellenoe of Lo-Lo aud the trapeze business generally of tho ootnpany, our Benalla 'correspondent loaves us in no doubt, as iu writing of tboir performance iu tbat township bo snys : — The featuro of the evening, how ever, wns the treble performauae by the brothers Glorian and Lo-Lo, who fairly brought down the house by their woaderful, daring and graceful performances, that of the lady being the most surprising and most admired. We oan only eay we hope the troupe will pay a visit to Beeohworth, a town whioh seems to patronise oxeellouee of every i.tnA — hut nothing loss. The Victory or Nemesis. — The triumph of this grand maro in the Sydney Metro politan on Tuesday may bo soored " a win " for tbis distriot, for, as.our readers are all no doubt aware, she is the property of Mr Joku Evans, of Whitfield, ou tbo King Biver. Site is a bright bay, five years old, and got by Knight of the Garter — Nunoia, with which mare she was imported as a yearling by tho late Mr John Moffat, at tho Bale of whoso stud Mr Evans scoured tho filly. Tho time in whioh the raco was run, 3m. 33 8-10th boos., although uot so fast as GoldsbrnqgL'j In ii,n same race last year, bIiows that iter friends did not over-estimate her pace and staying powers over two miles when they involun tarily mndo her first favorito by baoking their opinion, and onr Wudgarntla correspondent informs ub that besidos tho stakes, which will bo nomowbero about £800, hor spirited ownor will bring it up to £1300 at lonst, by having bad " tbo leviatban " bimsolf in a double with tho Chrysolite at £500 to £10. Serious Aoousation. — We boar that a obargo has beon made against Mr H. H. Thompson, recently a tcnokcr in Wangsratta, but more recently at Dooker's Plains. Wo may state that wo honrd tbo aoousation made nearly a fortnight ago, but we paid no heed to it, as wo naturally imagined if tlio ohargos wore of a sorious description, tbo parents would have made thorn publio at tbo time. Wo are aware that Mr Thompson hue been drinking more liquor thau wsb good for him lately, bnt hesitated about giving orodenoa to suoh dloadfal rumors. Siaao the ubovo was written wo learn from our Wangarntta cor respondent that Mr Thompson was brought beforo Mr Alex. Tone, J.P., yesterday, obarged with misconduct to oertain cbildrou. Mr Norton for defendant. Constablo Ward stated tbat he had made enquiries, and had apprehended tho defondant nt Mr MoOormiok's, North Wangsratta. Tho poiioo nppliod for a remand ; remand grautod for 8 days. Bail allowed prisoner in the sum of £50, nnd two sarotios in £50 each. Tho Court then ad journed. The Bright County Court and the Beeoh worth Demonstration. — It haviog boon pointod out to His Honour Judge Haokott— and we have no doubt the mattor suggostod itself to his own mind — that tho Bright County Court having been appointed for tbo day on whioh it was afterwards found noaossary to bold tho Booohworth Railway demonstration, His Honour has kindly oon- soulod to antieipato tho dnto fixed. Ho considers that it is not. right to intorfere with publio holidays, and he very properly supposos that tho people of Bright might like to tako part in tho festivities at Boeohworth, and professionals would, of oourso, object to boing onllod away from that town on snob an occasion. He had thoreforo writtou to the registrar at Bright, to notify that the County Court would bo held ou the 27th instead of the 29th of September, instant. The North Webtebn Province. — There ie certain to bo a well contested fight for the vaoanoy in the above named Province oansed by Mr Alex. Frasor's retirement through effluxion of time, there being no lose than two opponents to Mr Frasor, namoly, Mr J. H. Abbott, J.P., of Bandhurst, a gen tleman who has held the position of Mayor of the City of Sandhurst, but iB more gone- rally known as having boon tbo originator of the Hospital Sunday movomont in this oolony ; and another gentleman. OniLTERN Police Court.— On Tuesday, beforo Mr Butler, P.M., nnd Mr MoOloory, J.P., tho following ousos wore board Polico v John Maoe : There wero four ohnrges against tlio defendant, as manager of the Magenta Qnartz Mino. The ohnrges wero laid at tbo instaneo of the Inspoctor of Minos for tbo undormoutioued bronchos of tho Regulation of Minos Statute : — First, uogleoting to keep a book recording tho condition of the mino wlion iuspooiod periodically by the manager, ns_ re quired uy iito Act; secoud, allowing an iron prickor to bo used in tbo mino ; third, uogleot ing to havo a drivo iu the mino seouroly lira- bored ; fourth, neglecting to post tip n copy of tlio regulations for tho mnnagomont of mines. Mr Norton npponrod for tbo defendnut. Wm. Graingor, Inspector of Minos, doposod that he visitod tlio Magenta Quartz Miuo on tlio 23rd of May last, wlion ho saw tho defondant, and, stating who ho was, onquirod for tbo manager ; defendant stated that it was a private olaim belonging to himself and partner, nnd that tlicy managed it themselves ; the claim was being worked, and men employed, when witness visited the mine ; enquired for the record book, anil defendant said they did not keep one. Mr Norton, for the defence, said tbat the proprietor of the .mine did not think it necessary to keep such a book, n-nd that the claim being a private one, tlio Act did not apply to it ; if they erred it bad been through ignorance of, the law, Fined 20s. Mr Grainger said he had come from Gipps Land, and asked for. costs, which: however, the Boncli would not allow. The other cases wero dismissed, the Bench ruling Unit the summonses should have, been tnkon out against the owners of the miuo. James Knuckcy was . charged with assaulting Eliza Lcchmcro. . Mr Kipling, on behalf of defen dant, asked for an adjournment of ' the case for a fortnight. Granted ; 20s costs allowed to complainant. James Knuckcy, charged with being drunk, was fined 5s. Patrick MoHuglt wns fined for allowing -his cattle to wander in the Chlltern streets. The same defondant was also fitted 5s, for allow ing his cnltlo to get within tlio mil-ray fence. Mesmerising Extraordinary.— Our old friend , Madame Sibly, has bern " astonishing the natives" at Sandburst, one of them, at all events, not " beyond bounds," as she set him dancing to a new measure. We have seen her make men dance on the various stages here, but not to the same instrument, which on this occasion, it seems, was a horsewhip. The Bendigo papers inform us that the affair came before the police court Iast week, the hearing occupying nearly the whole day in the shape of a summons, Byfield v Sibly, for assault; Madame magnanimously withdrawing a cross summons, and fighting the case on its merits. The defendant appears to have dis puted an account from the office of the clerk in the establishment, and she apparently Independent, presented by the complainant, a not liking the tone of his remarks, proceeded to castigate him. She was, of course, fined, but only in the nominal penalty of 20s, and 23 s 6½ costs. Knowing that Madame Sibley, although always gentle and gracious with the literary staff of this office, is '' fierce, when provoked," we have not the slightest doubt that she would give a similar amount to the Bendigo Hospital, to be permitted to go through the same performance again. We are at the same time bound to sympathise with Mr Byfield, and sincerely hope he is as well as can be expected. Benalla Police Oourt. — On Friday, before Messrs Goo. Sharpo and B. Boo, J.P.'s, the following cases wore heard : — Police v Evans : Outling timber on Grown lands witbont a license. Ooustablo George Jobusou, Grown lands bailiff, provod tbo offence; fined Is, with 5s costs. F. Barns, for tho same offence, was fined Is, with 5s costs. The same defendants wero ' then oharged with injuring the tolograph wire betweou Benalla and Mansfiold. Stephen Hawkes, the telegraph repairor, proved the amount of damage aud cost of repairing was £10 4s ; fined 10s. Poiioo v McDonald : Allowing his horses to bolt iu Nuuu-streot ; fined 5s, with 5s costs. Abbott v Olarton. Mr Pow for plaintiff ; Mr Martyr for dc-f-n- daat. The plaintiff agreed to paint the baloony with three ooats of paint for the sum of £6, whioh defendant stated had uot keen done. The Bench wero not quite satisfied that plaintiff had completed his work, si they adjouruol the case for a week. J. and H.' Moodio v R. Crawford.: £10 lis, goods ; order for amonnt, with 5b cosls. Ferris v Lewis ; verdiat for amount, with 2s 6d costs. Woolmer v Bugbird-nnd PrieBt: £9, work and:labor dono. Mr Martyr, for defendant, took objection to the BummonB, whioh should have been brought under tbo Masters . nnd Servants Act.- The Bon'oli held tlio objootiun fatal,, and the plaintiff "withdraw his ease. G. G. Oherry v J. H. Graves : Sheep killed by dogs; settled out of oonrt. Jobu Bal- Inutyue v Gardiner: Sheep killotl by dogs. Mr Martyr for plaintiff ; Mr Pow for defen dant. Tbo plaintiff proved finding sixteen sheep killed and others-torn, and a black and wkito.dog, tho property of defer"'""'' — Killing them ; the total value of the sheep was £10 4s ; ordor for £8, with £1 15s oosts. Who Will Pay the Piper ?— It seems that this question has presented itsolf to tbo Beeohworth Railway Demonstration Oom mitteo, in a perfeotly literal, as well as in a figurative sense, in this way : — The Scottish element being rather strong in this diBtriot, and iudeed the hoo. soo. himself hailing from tbo land o' oakeB, a strong disposition was evinced to havo a oouplo of Sooltish pipers, to rood tho air on that ocoaoiou, and accordingly a pair wore oommiini»»t;J with in nieibouruo, as to their terms, aud with the modesty and liberality attributed rightly or wrongly to natives of tho " land of the mountain and the flood," they demanded £10 apicoe, and all expenses paid; so that wo slml! havo to put np with tho nbsenoo of a " pibroob." We confess wo nro by no menns sorry for tbis, beoaase if tbis word be proporly translated in the dictionaries, it moans " a wild, irregular, species of musio peouliar to the Highlands of Scotland," is potformed on a bogpipo, and is partionlarly adapted to rouse a martini spirtt among troops going to battlo, So that bad tbo pipors oomo, thr-y might haveexoited tlio " Stanley War Horse" to a daugorous pitch of martial enthusiasm at tbo very moment his oalmest oncrgies are toquircd. The Dunn Fund. — Wo have received a letter from Mr Frank Yale, of Hillsborough hon. seo. to this fund, and regret not being ablo to publish it, ns although Mr Valo very proporly certifies to the facts as alleged by giving Itis own nnme for publication, still the statomont, as far as wo rvq oonoerned, is uot only ex parte but libellous. Tbis paragraph may, howovor, havo tboeffeotof produoing tho explanation required by Mr Valo, whioh, after all, may bo n vory simple ono. It certainly ought to be furnished without further dolny. Complaints at Wanoaratta. — Several stook-owuing rosidents of tho borough aro aomplaiuiug bitterly of tho uumbor of sheep and oattle wliioli some butohers and (armors aro allowed to dopaBturo within tbo boundaries of tbo borough. Tlio ninu with a Bolifnry oow oanuot get suflioiout Bustonauco for it, and wo bear tbat a petition is iu course of signature, asking tbo Council to limit the numbor of sheep and oattlo held by a singlo ownor. Travelling stoek nro also a grant source of nnuoyauoo to tbo ratopayors win possess only a few lioad of oattlo, for the travollors sottlo for days in tlio vicinity of tho town, and allow tboir cattlo to oat up all tbo availablo grass. Tnn NoRTn-eastettn Province Eleotion, — Mr R. S. Anderson being tbo only oaadidato nomiuatod, there will bo, of oourso, no olootiou for tbis provinoo. Altogetbor tlio pooplo ere most apnthetio nbout Legislative Oounoil matters— at least in this district— and the oleatiou of roprosontatives for the Uppor House pobsobsos no political signifi- oanoo whatever. Wanoaratta Hospital— Tbe ordinary fortnightly committee meetiig was held lust evening. Present: Mr Bckerton (in the chair), and Messrs Noteutt.Cowle, Johnston, MrKeone, S. Norton and Rqr. C. H. Ingamclls and Dr Haley. The minufcs of the previous meeting were read nnd coiflrmed, nnd llie following letters dealt wiii:— From Mr P. Ilatiiin, ML. A., stating tint he had duly lodged the application for -lie sum of £1003 for maintenance and £500 for building, anil asking tbat the printed repirt be furnished us early ns possible, as the snsiioti would not be of long duration; no acton. The House Committee's report stated tint Mr Itickarton had been electee chairman, aid that the in stitution was inspected and found clean and in order; the report was adopted. The resi dent surgeon's report was 'adopted. The Patients' Coniniitlec's rcportcallcd attention to the irregular manner in which the papers for admission were filled upj no complaints bad been made by the patients; there weront present 10 in-patients; the report wnsadopted. XilO ioln'.wi'iig SCMUSt? wore mass jd. f-.'t poy- rnent :— J. Williams, £1 14s 0d ; II. Kelt, £2 16s lOd ; S. Oaboldstouo, £7 2s 8d ; J. Duu- pliy, £6 Is Id. The appointment of a new member of Oommittee, in place of Mr John Grant, was held over until next meeting. Tho Trensuror's roport sh-iwod Hint tho pre sent credit balnneo was £395 10s 2d. It was resolved that D. Bitumber's application for nn iuorenso of salary bo uot grautod. The moot ing tbou ndjoumod. Ovens and Murray Agricultural Society- — A meotiug of tho committee of this society was held at tbe Royal Victoria Hotel, Wan- garatta, yeslorday afternoon. Present : Mr F. G. Docker (in tbo chair), and Mussrs H. Kett, Frank Hoaoh, Jas. Turubull, A. O. MoDougall, G. Spiult, O. Gardner, D. Gazette, A. Tone, B. Wood, W. Gray, nnd Oowlo. The following letlor was read from Mr George Rutkerlord', of Pooehelba station : — " I am vory sorry to hear tbat the society do not intend holding tho usual anunal dinner. If suoh is the ease, - 1 shall; most unwillingly linvo to withdraw my support, whioh I should otherwise have affurdod tho Booioty. I oousidor it is after tltu diuuer we have the different judges ventilating their opiuions, aud daring the discussion n great deal of infor mation is "elicited which is of great benefit to myself and others, who ooming from a distaace, hold tho same opiuion. I hope the Oommitteo will oousidor tbe matter." Mi Jus. Turnbull ibougbt there. was no necessity for n dinuor, the sensou was it dry one, -and one half of tho geutlouiou who'wore invited insfyonr left by tbo nfternoou train without partaking of tbo Committee's hospitality. ! Ho wns iu favor of giving tbo judges a lunch ou tho ground. He moved tbat no diuuer should tako plnoe. Mr A..O. MoDougall thought tbo letter from. Mr Goo. Rutherford should have considerable weight with the gentlemen of tho oommittee. Mr Rutherford wns most goherons, and bad dono a" great deal for tho. society, therefore his opiuiou should not be ignored. He was of opiuion tbat if there wns no dinuor it would aot most dotriineutally to the society. After, inviting gentlemeu from all parts of -the colon-, it was paying them a poor oomplimcnt not to (rent them hospitably. He moved as nu amendment that a dinner be held duriu; tho night of tho show. Mr Tone secondoc tbo proposition. Ho thought it would be uuwise economy not to havo a dinner, nnd it would not be any saving aud would bo damaging tbe sooiety in tho eyes of many for tho faltire, Mr Doolter thought Mr Rutherford's letter was in very bad taste. If he imagined for n momout thiit a dinner would bo oonducive to tbo interests of tbe sooiety ho would support it, but be did not think it did muoh good. Ho would sup port Mr Turnbull's propositiou. Mr Kett was iu favor of koldiug a dinner, but also thought tbat for those invited tbe full price per ticket should not be charged by tho caterer who should mako a rebate ou all complimentary tickets. Mr Wm. Orr, tho seoretary, said it was decidedly to tho inlorosts of the Society to have a dinner. If no dinner was given tho majority of tho jndges from a distance would look upon it as meanness on tho part of the Oommitteo. At Albury the dinner was tbo ohief featuro of tho show. He quite agreed with Mr MoDougall. He thought tho reputa tion of tho sooiety, iu a great measure, ehould be oonsidored. Mr Robert Wood thought they would be treating tho jndges with something iika oontempt, if they had not a dinner. The whole show would bo a miser able failure, unless they had a good wind-ttp. Mr MoDongall's amendment was carried. From Messrs Spink, Alexander, and Atkinson, requesting tho committee to nek tho Minister of Rnilwnys to rnn a special train on Hie show day from Everton to Wangarntta. Thoy thought thnt if tho application wrb put to the Minister he would aooode ; the Railway Minister to bo asked by the seoretary. From Mr P. Hanna, M.L.A., forwarding n oheque for £10. From Mr O. Gardner, of Oxley, stating that the Oxley Ploughing Matoh would be hold under tho -auspices of the Booioty as formerly. -Mr MoDongall moved, nnd Mr Spink seconded, that stops be taken thnt - the day of the show bo proclaimed a publia holiday; onrried. The meeting then adjourned. A Plethora op Candidates.— Oar Wnnga-' garatta . correspondent has' furnished ns with' tho following list of iutonding or intended candidates for tho proposed eleotorato of Moire:— Mr Shnokoll, Eohuon; Mr Leahy, Shoppnrton ; Mr Forbos, Benalla ; Mr Linnrd, Violet Town;. Mr Sharp, Benalla ; Mr Tone, Wangarntta ; , Mr. Hanna,' Molbonrna . Mr Witt. ;,;r orr, Molbonrue'; 51- WnlBh, Melbourne ; nnd Mr Bolton, Soymouv, Wo presume wo may now add to this list Mr Wood of Oxley, , \- BKEonwoRTH Police Ooum Tbe following oases. _ wore heard beforo Mr Pitoairn, P.M., on Tuesday last :— Patrick Byrno, brought up for .drunkenness, was discharged. PstorPini and nnd another v Goo. Anderson : claim £12 17s 9J, goods sold and carriage. Mr F. Brown for plaintiffs. 8orgeant Baber stated that the defendant's family resided at Oastlo- mains, but on the summons being sent to the police there, thoy rcturnod it ou tlio erounl tuai iho dofenadnt himself was at Deniliquin, out of tho jurisdiction of tho Court, and that as ho only occasionally returned home, Borvioo would he impossible. His Worship askod why it had not boou served at his hnuso ? Sergeant Baber said suoh servioo would require tbo prcsouoo of the oonstnble who served it, and that tho servioo might not aftor all bo good, so that if all suoli oases wero danlt with in tho same manner it would beoomo a serious oxpense to tho Government. Tbo poiioo magistrate said ho lind not to consider tbe Govornmont, but tlio rights of tho plaintiff iu tbis mattor. Without giving nn opinion, lio ivas inclined to think tbo servioo under suoh oiroutnstanoos might bo good ; ho oertninly would wish to havo tlio summons served. Sergeant Baber then uudortook lo have tho servioo offootod, and the constable who eervod it prosout. Tbo summous was then, at the requoit of Mr Brown, extended for one montb. A. Robinson v Wm. Mioholl olaim, £8 17s, goods. Mr Zincke for plaintiff. Mr Browu for defondant stated thnt a sot-off had hoen plondod by tho dofaudant, leaving a balance ol 5s whioh hid beon paid into Court, witli 2s Gd costs of Bummons. Mr Ziuuko stated that the sot-off iuoludod itoms wltiob had also boon iuoludod in a dishonoured noooplauco of tbo dolt, which was tbo snbjoot of n County Oonrt attion, now ponding. Mr Brown Baid this wns tlio first time ho had heard of a Oouuty Oonrt aation. Order for £3 12s nnd oosts. Tlio Court ndjoumod. Wanton Destruction — Some evil disposed porson, in tho most wnutou manuer, destroyed tlireo young treos iu tho Booohworth Stato School Reserve, whioh Mr Ilnrrie, tho lioad master, lias been at suoli paios aud expense to plaut and adorn. Tlio trees wore in Iho row nearest tbo uortboru ond of tbo building whioh, in n fowyearr, thoy would havo shaded uiooty, aud the luisihiof was dono by dolibo- ratoly breaking off tLo lops. Tlio department, iu viow of tbo really haudsomo grounds which have just boou tail out, and so tastofully planted, ought to tiler a rewnrd for a con. viotion in any suoi caso. And so ought tbo Unitod Shiro Oainoil for tbo proteotiou of their troes. Nail the Colors — The Boocliwortli Shiro Council have deternincd to erect a flagstaff at the Town Hull, 1)0 feet in height, all one stick. This will bqtho tlio tallest flagstaff in the district, and pcliaps in the colony, un- Bplicod. ; i WnAT a Railway can do. — On last Monday morning fifty head of oattle wero mustered on a run, twenty miles from Wodonga ; tu63 '\ wore in the train at tho torminns by 2 p-m.,y and having travelled 187 mtlos, were landed in Molbourno the snmo ovoning. Tli9y were driven to markot next morning and sold at noon nt tho high prioo of £14 10s por head, tho oonaignoo reooiving his ndvioe of sale by telegram at 2 p.m., and his letter yesterday morning. That is, the oattlo wore feeding on tho Murray twenty milos from the railway station on Monday morning, nnd the owner had sont thom to the Molbourno market and had bis mouoy in bis pookot within forty-eight hours. Si-encer and Gaylahd's Case, — Wc un derstand tbat a summons was issued on Monday by Mr Zinekc, on behalf of Spencer and Gaylard, against the Beechwortli United Shire Council, in Hie matter of the three sluice heads; and it will probably oomo on for hearing before the Beechwortli Police Court oil Thursday week, if not previously I settled.' Another Richmond in the Field. — Mr Robert Wood, President of the Oxley Shire, hns publicly nnnounced his intention to seek the suffrages of one or other of the constitu- cnccs into which it is proposed to divide the Murray District, if the Electoral Bill passes in its present form. Beeciiworth Insolvent Court. — A meet ing was held before (lie chief clerk, Air Hutchinson, Inst Tuesday, in Hie insolvent estate of August Hulit, Chit tern , storekeeper. Mr Turner, the official assignee, wns present. Mr Tuthill appeared for Alfred John Smith, who hold' proxies for the undermentioned creditors:— Steime, ' Hnylo and Co., £17 8s; J.H. Walker, £7 14s; It. Harkin and Co., £45 ls8d; Bell, Bond and Co, £40; Kellet, Morton and Co., £190 lis; and C. I. Part ridge, £15. 14s, 6d. Mr C. II. Bohling in - person handed in proof of debt, £107 Its lOd. Mr_Morlon,of the firm of Ilellct and Morton, proposed, and Mr Bohling seconded, that tbe former be appointed trustee nt the remunera tion of £5 per cent, on the gross proceeds; carried. Tho meeting closed. Tahiiawinoeb State School. — The follow ing gentlemen havo been gazetted as mem bers of tbo Board of Advice, for the above named school, No. 215 : — Messrs George Spink, Jaincs Simmouds, Thomas Ladson, James Tinning, anil Wm. McGregor— spelling Mr Tinniug's nemo, however, wrongly " Tim- lhing." Stamp Distributors.— The following post- masters have been gazetted as distributors of stamps in this district : — Patrick Murray, Mudgegonga ; and Edmond Armstrong, Tin- taldra. A Working Bee;— Onr Benalla corres pondent writes : — Some geutlamen here -' having interested thomselvos in alearing the . Recreation Roservo, Bennlla, decided to " ask tho publio to assist thein iu tboir laud able efforts. For this purposo tbe public were asked to meet ou Ibo grouud at two o'clock, and then have a " Olcariug Boo." Puuetial to tbo time numbers of tbo townspeople assem bled, and at once commenced to c .Elect the doad limber into largo lioaps, whioh wore quickly set fire to, and whore vory soon large volnin03 of suioko wore socu issuing from all parts of the grouud. Tho Bee was well officered by Mr 13. Brown nud Dr Niobolsou, who wore untiring iu tboir efforts to push the works forwnrd. Tbo ground during the operations of the Boos presented a lively ap pearance. Hero wns n well-known bnnker : oroBs-ontting a largo tree in a very masterly mauuer, and other members of tbat ilk ply ing fuel to tbo fires, in which voontion they evidently shone, although at tho finish they wore perfeotly unrocoguisablo by their most intimate friondc, owiug to their smoke-dried appearanoe. In another part of tho ground might havo beon scon a well-known and ;. 3<'ov conditioned bonifaco rauniug nway wit'S .3 large tree. Iu fnct nil tbo Bees worked away with a will, great assistance being afforded by Mr G. Duncan, who brought his two horses nnd waggon, and Mr S. Ohaudlor, who brought his horse and dray, both of whioh did great service. When tho Beo terminated, the ground had been greatly improved, nnd about eight largo fires wore burning briskly. Re freshments were providod by Messrs Hamil ton, of the Bonalln ; W. Graven, of tho Commercial ; nnd H. Weaver, of tho Royal Hotels, to whioh nmplo justice was done, and I niu happy to soy overy one of the busy Bees went homo thoroughly knocked . up. It is intonded to hold another of these useful Boos noxt Saturday, when it is ex- pooted the work of olenring tho dead timber off tlio grouud will have been accomplished ; but it would bo well for dronos uot to come, as thoy set a bad example to tbe busy bees. Benalla United Orioket Club. — The annual moating was hold in tho Roobabite Hall, on Saturday. Mr Farreil occupied the ohair. Tlio priuaipal business transacted was tbo eloation of officers and committoes as follows :— President : Mr F. A. Olark ; Vice- President : Mr W. H, Turner ; Seorotary : Mr ;W. Flood; Treasurer : Mr R: Oasbin ; General Committee : Messrs Farroll, G. Jordan D. M'Konzio, D. Gillmoro, W. Burrowes R Oasbin, nnd W. Flood ; Matoli Oommitteo Messrs Osshin, Walter, Hnrris, Farroll, nnd M'Konzio. Tho annual subscription was fixed at ton shillings — Standard. a r r.n.m.e handy Andy',"— A lady tyho expended her anxieties chiefly upon a large collection of gold-fish (relates tlio Western Independent ) took an Irish servant girl, recently into her household; and entrusted her with tlio elinrgo of hor finny substitutes for a family. In the directions as to >ho care of them, tho lady gave strict injunctions that the fish where to be kept particularly clean. Biddy was up early, but her mistress habitually slept late. For the first day or two after the engagement of the new servant, the seemed to be ailing. Ono or two had come to the top of tlio water with their stomachs upward, and others wero swimming very languidly, >ith their gold scales singu larly broken and discoloured. Happening to rise earlier than usual on tlio third or fourth day, the mistress found Biddy nt her morning's occupation. The thirty or forty gold-fish lay pnnting and floundering on tbe table, and the industrious servant was vigor- ously taking them up, one after the other, and rubbing them witli a towel ! She thought this was hor mistress's order ns to keeping them clenn. She wns burnishing their scales with polishing-pnste. Suicide At Geelono. — A strange, yet most dotorminod onso of snioide wns discovered on Tuesday morning in South Geelong, olose to tlio police-station. As a man named Brisooo wns proceeding lo his work, botweon 7 and 8 o'olook, ho observed a man apparently asleep on a grass- plot olose to tlio look-up, but on nearer approach found him to be quite dead. The polico woro informed of tho faot, and on proceeding to the spot found tho body of a rospeot- nbly dreHBod man, with a torriblo gash in hia throat. Ou turning tho body over, a razor was i found in tho largo pool of blood that had fiowod from tho gaping wound. Ooustablo Oasoy had tho body conveyed to the Faotory liotol, whoro it nwnits an inquest. The unfortuunto follow is unknown. Tbe following is a doHoription Apparently about r.fty yonrn of ago, 5ft. 5in. in height, stout jmild, tlnok bushy, blackboard, turning grey ; blaok hair lingo J with grey, and slightly bald. Wo was dressed in a first-clnsa suit, black pngot coat, dark trousors and vest, white shirt with silver studs and Bleovo-liuks, and high- crowned folt hat, Noar tho body, hanging ou tho fonoo, wns an ivory-handled walkingoauo, nud iu lnspookuts two gold rings, a haudsomo pookotluiifo, portemonnnio, pipe, matohes, ar\d tobacco, Tho deed hod apparently boon nX curly m tbo night, as tbo body was quito Tnu Oustoms at HowIaOnq.— Tho little port of Howiong, whioh is situalo about oqui-uistant from Oorowa nud Albury, is growing in imporlanoo, and bids lair to at- traot a duo Bharo of publio attention beforo many yoars. Twolvo months ago tho col lections at tho cuHtom-houfo foil bolow £1 por month ; now things an nltored. Tho col lector, Mr Hunt, lodged £158 8a lid to tho oredit of ibo Colonial Tronsuror in tho hauk on Monday. This sum was tho amount of collections for the mouth of August, ultimo, whioh was at tho rato of £1,901 2a por annum,— Border Post . 