THE IMPORTATION OF STOCK PROHIBITION. (From the Sydney Mail.) IN S, late issue, when advocating the discussion of the prohibition question by our agricultural societies, we expressed our opinion that were our trade in high-class stock important to England adverse criticism on our present policy would soon be forthcoming from that country. That our assump- tion was fairly correct is almost proved by an article which appears in the Agricultural Gazette, an agricultural journal of high standing, which is to hand by the last mail. In its issue of August 28th we find some comments on the closed part of South Australia which lead us to believe that even the best-informed journalists in England are not aware that our ports have been sealed in a similar manner to those of the colony referred to for the last four years, or, in other words, are not cognizant of what course the Australian colonies have been following. The Gazette says : " We imagine that not even the most energetic advocate of an exclusive policy would recommend it to a colony. The land is a wilderness, to begin with and of what use are the shepherds and herdsmen who go out to it if live stock be excluded ? This may indeed be asked for generations after immigration has commenced. It is possible that England- the home of all the leading breeds, where French and German, Dutch and Danish breeders, come for Shorthorn bulls and Leicester, Southdown, and Cotswold rams may consider itself to be independent of its neighbours, and desire to exclude their live stock, which can do us little good, and, occasionally introducing cattle diseases, may do us harm. But a pastoral colony, all whose live stock have been imported within a couple of generations how can it be to their advantage to pursue a policy of exclusion? Nevertheless, we understand that ever since 1873 South Australia has prohibited the importation of live stock from this country. impressed with the danger of allowing foot and mouth disease to enter, Its Government then laid an absolute embargo on all English live stock importations, and this it has continued ever since. Here are sires and the mothers of future sires, able to add 15, 20, 30 per cent, to the very next generation of the herds of which the wealth of a pastoral colony so largely consists. They are refused admittance. The City of Auckland took out a few weeks ago cattle bought last Marohat'Mr. Outhwaite's sale, intended for Canowie, a pastoral station in South Australia. The Duchess of Chamburgh (June 20,1874), sire Royal Windsor, served by Iron Duke; Mantalini (February 7, 1874), served by Lord Godolphin ; Watchem Boy (February 2,1876), sire Lord Godolphin all of them calculated to improve the live stock. of the country were thus despatched. The owners of these cattle have herds there capable of improvement. They purchase pure- bred Shorthorn stock for that purpose. The colony is made up of stockowners similarly interested, and yet they continue to maintain the suicidal policy which keeps their herds and these pure-bred sires apart. The City of Auck- land dare not go to Adelaide with these cattle. They will be taken to New Zealand, and there they will be sold. The original idea of the owner was that South Australia might perhaps allow of importations after a sufficient quarantine in a neighbouring colony ; but this idea has, we believe, been abandoned. The colony makes no sign of relaxing the wretched protectionist policy it has for years adopted, and thus the enterprise for the good of Canowie and of the many other pastoral stations similarly situated, of which the colony virtually consists has been quashed." We feel constrained to confess that these strictures are just. We will not censure the action which led to our ports being closed in 1873 ; but we believe that a proper system of inspection and quarantine would have been a sufficient safeguard. We see no cause for the continuance of the prohibition. In former articles we furnished our reasons for arriving at this conclusion. Good strains from the flocks and herds of Britain are necessary for the welfare of our leading industry. We should not retard that industry's progress by the exercise of absurd precautions. At the present time quarantine should be the only restriction on our stock trade with Europe, America, or our sister colonies. 