SHIPPING INTBLLIGBNGE. ARRIVAL. At Gape Moreton. March. 15. — Western Monarch, ship, 1,314 tons, Captain' J. Watson, from London. Pns ?ongers — First cabin : Mr. and Mrs. N . Cooke, Mr. and Mrs. E. Thome, and Messrs. H. G. Chater, and C. Benny. Second cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Radcliffo, Mr. and Mrs. Vallance and 4 children, and Messrs. A. S. Austin, D. Black, J. F. Grahame, W. J. Hasluck, M. Kennedy, A.. ..Murray, T. M'Kenzie, and Miss Isabella ? M'DonoId, 17 steerage, 35 remittance, 120 as sisted; and 246 immigrants.. J; and G. Harris, acrents. DEPARTURE. , ?; March 15. — Governor Blackall,' s., Captain Saunders, for Sydnoy. Passengers : Mrs. G. Prentice, Rev. B. G.. Wilson, Rev. T. Jones, Rev. H. H. Finliiy, Lord Henry Phipps, Messrs. J. Dempsoy, H. Hoifon, James, Smith, Martin, J. R. Atkinson, G. Prentico, A. F. C. Cox, Mort, R. Jones, OvereU, . E. W. 1 C. Bennett, F. L. Jones, and 25 in the steerage. H. O'Reilly, agent. Steam to Ipswich. — The Louisa will leave to-morrow, at 9.30 a.m., from Messrs. D. L. . Brown's wharf; and tho Ipswich, from tho Company's wharf, at 10 aim. . , i^iJEhe Garnock, barque, from this port arrived '^Adelaide yesterday. The Western Monarch' arrived- at Cape Moreton' this morning, being ninety-two days out from London. Besides a large number of passengers she brings a general cargo valued at'i46,700. ' The Runnymedo, barque, loft Adelaide for London to-day. The Governor Blackall, s., left the wharf at noon to-day, for Sydney, with the outward European mails, via Melbourne. .The Egmont, s., expected to arrive on Friday from Cooktown, aid. ports, will leave on Satur day, at 12.30 p.m. for Sydney. ? -The Leichhardt, s., expected from Sydney at . an 'early hour to-morrw, will leave for Cook town, via ports, on Saturday at 1 p.m. The Lady Bowen is expected to arrive to-, morrow: evening, from Rockhampton, via ports, as 'she proceeds to the- Bay on Friday with excursionists, to view the sailing races. The' Governor Blackall, s., left the wharf at noon to-day, with a.number of passengers and 110 tons of tin ore and sundries, for Sydney. Missing Siurs. — Four British ships have been posted at Lloyd's, and are believed to . have been lost, with their captains and crews, . V numbering forty in all. Two other vessels, :£? British traders, although belonging to foreign ports, have also been posted as lost, and [the crews on hoard these number thirty-seven in ? all, making a total loss of seventy-seven lives'. The money loss to British owners and under writers is calculated to he £10,000 on the four vessels, and £4,000 on their cargoes. The loss on the foreign vessels is estimated at some £27,000. The four British ships posted as lost . are the barque Esk, 49S tons, owned by Mr. William Rankin, Greenock, which sailed from Valparaiso for Havre, on the 18th of June; the brigantine Rosewood, 726 tons net, built at Prince Edward's Island two years ago, and owned by : the Swansea Shipping Company, which left Troon on : the 27th of July, with a cargo of coal for 'Matanzas; the Fair Rover, a barque of 287 tons, built and owned by. Messrs. .Cox, of Bridport, which left the American coast on the 24th of August for Newry; and the Caerways Castle, a schooner of 59 tons, built at Flint, in 1861, and owned by Mr. Jones, Chester, which left Laxey for Saltney on the 12th of November. — Pall' Mall Gazette, December 30. On the passage of the Zephyr, from Mel bourne, an accident occurred to Captain Colum bier which nearly cost him his life. He -was ' leaning over the bulwarks to get a good view of Curtis Island whe-n tho.boom of the mainsail ~ , struck him on the shoulder and knocked him overboard. It was blowing hard at the time, . and there was a nasty sea on. Moreover, ho was not missed by the men on deck until they heard his cries from the water. A lifebuoy was thrown to him, but it did not fall within reach.' .The captain, however kicked off his heavy-sca-boots, and proceeded to swim' after. ? y* ? the vessel, which was then lying aback. He r ., climbed up the side, not much the worse for his immersion. It was a fortimate thing that tho wind was not fair, or Captain Columbier would never have been seen again. — Hobari Town Mercury I Loss or the Genoa, s.— -The Lloyd Italiano Company's s.s.. Genoa, quite a new steamship, became a total wreck in broad daylight, on the. 'Whale Rock, just outside dalle 'Harbour, on January 21, two miles from shore. She was bound' from Calcutta through the Canal. The signalman at the flag staff ran up the signal keep off,'' but the officers, being all Italians,' it is supposed they did not understand or see it. The cargo was valued at £100,000. About £12,000 worth of opium and indigo have been recovered. Captain Baylev, P. and O. agent; was appointed by the underwriters in London to carry out the work of recovering cargo. Divers were sent from Bombay to recover cargo. HARiTpiE Disasters.—' The directory of the - Bureau Veritas has just published the follow ing . statistics of maritime disasters reported - during the. month of November, 1875, concern ing all flags : — ' Sailing vessels reported lost — 70 vessels English, 29 American, IS German, 14 French, 11 Italian, 11 Norwegian, 10 Dutch, S Swedish, 7 Austrian, 6 .Greek, 5 Danish, 1 Belgian, 1 Costa liica, 1 Portuguese, 1 Russian, 1 Turkish, and 22 of which the nationality is unknown; total, 270. In this number are included 12 sailing vessels reported missing. Steamers reported lost 6 steamers English, 2 American, 1 German, 1 Brazilian, 1 Dutch, 1 Russian, 1 of which the nationality is unknown ; total, 18. In this number are included 3 steamers reported missing. Frpm the journal of the Mew Zealand Times' s special correspondent on board the - Lima, during the work of grappling for the submarine cable, we extract the following ' One of tho principal obstacles — probably the greatest ob stacle—to be overcome in this deep sea fishing match is the terrific tide which ebbs and flows through the straits, and no one hut a mariner engaged in coast' surveying or in some similar task can form any adequate conception of the ; .- nature and enormous power of the tide that scours like an ocean sluice between the North and South Islands twice a day. As it happened that a number of sailing vessels were working ; their way in various directions through the strait,- a -fine opportunity was offered to the most unobservant to note how helpless a vessel 5/ may become in Cook Straits Without a breeze ; and of course when a foggy atmosphere is added, the position is attended with consider able danger. IVhile dragging for the cable during midday, one vessel bound for Welling ton was carried to within a very short distance of Pencarrow Lighthouse. Another mile or so and she could have safely made her way inside the Heads, hut the flood tide overtook her before that, and in about an hour and a half she had drifted back ten miles, with all sails set. This is given merely as an instance, because there were several ves sels in the straits at the time, and all ?were affected in the same way — ono tide c-anying them miles upon their course, and the next taking them a great deal further out of it. A steamer under very easy steam is much in the same position as a sailing vessel with a very light breeze ; and as the work of dragging has to be carried on with a very small head of steam, the power of the tido is very difficult to contend with, and the most ' skilful seamanship is required to neutralise the effect of so potent a power.' ? ;j OFFICIAL SHIPPING TELEGRAMS. ?' Tlte^Sttoley,. schooner/, arrived .wtVJNtojr-.'; borough from' the 'ST Si Islands, yesterday. {? -'..The Lady Bowenj5:;:S./nrriycd_ytfc^W-Qf,-lj'-l Island', from'RboKhampton this morning, '.' --..-..-v A .ship, jnamo unknown \ arrived. at/ Capoy Moreton at 8.'30'a''.m..thismor^ing'(suppbsbd to ? bo the 'Western Monarch, from' '-London); ? She . reports all well on board,' and required- fresh ? provisions. ! . t The Lady Young, s., for Maryborough, was .. at anchor. at- iho .Pilot .Station this-iuoiiiing. The Duke of Edinburgh, s., left Rockhamp ton for this port yesterday. She was at anchor in Keppel Bay this morning. ...... The Egmont, 8., loft Bowen for-this ' port yesterday. The Black Swan, s., left Mackay for Rock hampton yesterday. The Edina, s., from this port arrived at Sydney yesterday. 