Settlement on the Burnett River [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] No. V. FROM Bundaberg to Bingera-the first stage on the mail route to Mount Perry, via Gin Gin, and to Gayndah, via Eureka and Degilbo--the road runs almost due west, through monotonous sandy flats covered with grass-tree and wallum, only redeemed from utter desolution by the inter- section of one or two creeks or rivulets ; and, asthetically, perhaps, by an occassional view while ascending the Bingera range, of the panorama of the distant mountains filled in with range upon the middle distance filled in with range upon range of pine covered hills ; and, for a fore- ground, the deep wooded glens and gorges of the Burnett, whose opposite bank, clother with ferns and bushes, half hiding, half revealing glimpses of moss grown, many-coloured rocks and boulders, rises abruptly from the silver pools and yellow sands of the sleeping river to a height of some hundred feet, the top hidden by the close foliage of drooping scrub, or stretching away in deop green, lawn-like pastures, with just trees enough on them to add to the beauty of the pas- ture by the shadows they throw. From the summit of the range a wide expanse of country is visible, which, in the recurrence ofpine-crested hills in every direction, is more like a Norwegian than an Australian landscape. Descending on the western slope, the land becomes more fertile, though the plains of Tantitha, Fairymeade, and Barolin spoil one for ordinary pasturage ; even a Guildhall banquet would not count for much after a dinner in Olympus. The grass, for all that, is good enough to keep the Bindera herds in good condition. Some of the forest ground near the house has been experimented upon agriculturally, and grown corn and sugar cane very well ; but the fence not being substantial enough to keep cattle out the labor was lost, though the fittness of the soil for agricultural purposes seems to be suffi- ciently demonstrated. In one of his pre- emptive paddocks Mr. Walker has re- newed his efforts on a patch of scrub land on the river, where I saw a very promising field of maize, about fifty acres, planted in february last. The style of fencing, though doubtless common enough in some places, was new to my experience and probably to that of many of your readers. Stakes were driven firmly into tho ground at a distance of about four or five feet apart along the line of enclosure, aud between them small saplings with all their leaves and branches were interwined, not unlike rough basket work. Such a fence, if high enough, is sufficiently good for a time, though it soon decays, and will never keep out determined bushrangers like cattle. Bingera homestead is built on a slope ascending gently from a large and deep lagoon, a quarter of a mile in length and about thirty yards across, It lies centrally with regard to the agricultural settlements in the neighbourhood, at the south- western heel of a horse-shoe bend of the Burnett, which is hereabouts fringed on both banks by a narrow belt, or, more correctly, by alternate pitches of scrub and forest. On the left, or northern bank, the scrub expands into a large area of some fourteen square miles ; and on the right, about Bingera Station, into one of about half the size. The latter, very much broken and of inferior quality, is wisely recommended as a reserve for pine which was formerly abun- dant, though only young trees of considerably less than twelves inches in diameter now remain. The scrub on the left bank is thicly studded with farms of all sizes, varying from 40 to 1000 and more acres. If the land is less uniformly rich than in the Woongarrs scrub, and that it is so I judge fromthe appearance of the soil and the crops, which are less even and less forward than those of the same age in the Woongarra, and on some of the alluvial river side farms, there is compensation perhaps in the conspi- cuous abscence of stones from the surface. As a rule, the clearings here are smaller, the dwell- ings ruder, the homesteads altogther have an air of poverty more pronounced than I have noticed elsewhere. Ther people are farther from town, so far indeed-from sixteen to twenty odd miles by land--that cartage to market is out of the quetion ; and since the flood of last year water carraige is a matter of no little diffi- culty and danger. The channel, intricate enough at best, is blocked up with snags and logs, against which the sand banks up, and still further impedes the navigation. Then the Minister for Works was up here some time ago he was interviewed on this point, and pro- mised that the clearance of the channel should be commenced at once. These Ministerial promises, aslas, are as sicken- ing to record as they are glibly uttered ; but it is a pity that for the sake of economising £200 or £300--to remove the obstructions would cost no more--the only highway of which the farmer can avail himself should remain in a state of blockade. This Bingera scrub is a Scandinavian settle- ment, most of the selectors being Danes, or Germans from the debateable duckies ; but Scandinavian, Teuton, English, or Celt, the same primitive method of cultivation obtains as else- where nothing is grown, but the eternal corn crop , not a flower nor a vegetable to be seen, except a rare patch of sweet potatoes, or a soil tary melancholy pumpkin vine. The largest and one of the best farms is that of Mr Lyons, who has selected more than 1200 acres, divided into two unequal parts by the Mount Perry road, which runs for four miles through the heart of the scrub. There is some good corn growing here, though much of it was planted so late that its ultimate fate is uncertain, depnded entirely upon the character of the coming winter. The clearing-about sixty acres, all under corn --is enclosed by a three rail wire fence, with upright pine paling inserted between, and supported by the wires, the convexity and concavity of the paling alternating towards the inner and outer side of the fence, thus obviating any undue strain in either direction on the wires. With the exception of the Mount Perry road, the Government have done nothing to facilitate access to the interior of the scrub, and the maize growers there have to make roads as best they can, depending upon the farmers between them and the river for permission to reach it, or travel miles round. There is some talk of building a school here, but there are other than financial difficulties in the way of it, though these, in the present state of the maize market, would seem to be pro- hibitive. Neither here nor in the Woongarra scrub has any land been reserved for the pur- pose , here, however, there is land still unalienated, and it would be well to proclaim one or more school reserves where good water is obtainable -either from the not infrequent creeks or by sinking--before the last acre is taken up. Mr. A C Walker, if Bingera Station, who takes an active and intelligent interest in the well being of this district, would to point out the best sites, every square foot of the country being as familiar to him as to the native denizens of the scrub. In the Woongarra scrub one of the smaller selectors has given two acres of ground for school purposes ; his neighbour, a proprietor of 1000 acres, having refused, when appealed to, to give "one inch of soil." Dives, however, is a bachelor while Lazarus "has his quiver full full of them," and is "not ashamed when he speaks with his enemies in the gate" which Dives ought to be, under the circumstances, one would think. The first land outside the scrub is inferior to that lower down the river nearer Bundaberg ; but its inferiority has not deterred one or two farmers from attempting its cultivation, and not altogether unsuccessfully. A Captain Switzer, one of the early settlers, has a big field of corn, winch, though poor and scanty in places, is yet a crop of fair promis. I need scarcely say that the land is worked by the plough and horse labor. On the riverbank north of the road between Bingera and Bundaberg there are many selec- tions--fine alluvial scrub lands and good forest, which in many other districts would be classed as first-class, though here ranking only as second- class pastoral. Corn, of course, is the only crop save on one or two farms, where the eternal sameness is relieved by a few acres of lucerne and potatoes. Poverty, remoteness from, and difficulty of access to, an unremunerative market are not the only, nor indeed the most serious, evils with which the poorer sort of settlers in the Bingera scrub have to contend. Imperfectly acquainted with the language, utterly ignorant of the laws of England, but gifted with a capacity for work which is scarcely intelligible to even the laborious english or Celtic peasant, endowed with an indomitable courage which no misfortune or adversity is sufficient to quell, with a patient industry which is content to labor for a scanty and remote rewind, these Danish and German people deserve every consideration and encouragement at the hads of their fellow colonists and of the authorities , but so far from obtaining liberal or just consideration, they seem to be singled out from the rest of the population as the corpus vile on which experiments in capacity may be made with the greatest safety by officials who, as at Maryborough and elsewhere, endeavor to make up by an excess of zeal in frivolous and petty cases for lack of pluck, energy, and firm- ness in matters of greater and real importance. If the following be true, as I believe it is, the action of the local officials concerned, affecting as it does the tenure of a great number of holdings, demands prompt investigation :-- A poor man, a Dane, took up a homestead in the bingera scrub ; went to work clearing, planting, and fencing. His capital was small, and so were his returns for several seasons. To eke out a meagre livelihood he felled some timber on his selection, and, before he could dispose of it, it was seized by the authorities on the ground that "it was said the man had not complied with the resi- dence clause." There was, however, no evidence of non-compliance, the rent had been duly paid each year, and the farm was not--has not yet been \--gazetted as forfeited. A clause of the Timber Licensing Act was then tortured into meaning that a man must have a license to cut timber for sale on his own selection. It never struck them how absurd it must be on the face of it to allow, or rather to insist upon, the destruction of timber by fire, while makig penal the turning it into money--i.e., to good and profitable uses ; but, unhappil for the official, the man held a license. What, then, was to be done ! Were the local Dogberries to be beaten ! Hoist with their own petard? Never ! They wre equal to the occasion. They found out that the homestead had been taken up by the unhappy man before he had been two years in Queensland, and, for- getting the fact of the license, they argued that the victim, having no right to the land, had clearly no right to the timber. Q.E.E. The point of this is not so much the seizure of the timber (though that seems to be a tyrannical stretch of officious authority) as the forfeiture of the land ; for half the settlers in the Bingere scrub, or a large percentage of them, hold their land on the same tenure as the hero of the fore- going story : that is to say, they are neither more nor less than trespassers on Crown lands, who may be ejected at the pleasure and caprice of the Minister for Lands for the time being. The enormity of the offence of premature settlement is, of course, patent to every impartial person, but one would think the offence was con- doned by the acceptance of rent for years. True patriots, however, will not object to a course of action by which the country manages to have its cake and eat it ; to retain not only the land itself as well as the price of it, but also to reap the benefit of a few years' improvement on resumption, and this is probably the view taken by those who seized the timber. Danish and German immigration should be remunera- tive on terms like these. Mr. R. Palmer's return per acre has been about the same as that averaged on the Mary River plantations--viz., from one and a-half to two and a-half tons of sugar. Last year, what with rust and flood, only about four acre of cane wre available for crushing, but the pre- vious season produed sugar of high quality, which realised excellent prices, rnging from £32 10s. to £83 a ton. If this average can be kept up, the desirability of introducing the vacuum pan on to small planations is open to question. With but a limited area of cane to be crushed, the expense of putting up the necessary ma- chinery for producing sugar in vacup is out of proportion to the profit likely to be derived from the process. The extraction of five or even ten per cent more sugar is a matter of vital imppr- tance to the man whose transactions count by thousands of tons, but to the small planter it is doubtful, to say the least, whether the game is worth the candle. Mr. Henry Palmer's planta- tion is well kept and healthy, and though a great deal of it will be ripe for crushing during the forthcoming season, not more than fifty acres will be put through the mill. The more or lessprolific returns from indivi- dual local plantations serve no other purpose, however, than to illustrate, to a very limited extent, the capability of the soil and climate for the production of sugar, and but remotely affect existing indications. the success of one or two enterprising men may indeed stimulate others to similar ventures, but offers no inducement to the small farmer to vary the monotony of his crop ; and it has remained for Mr Cran, of the well- known Yengarie refinery, to throw the first gleam of hope on the agricultural interest of Bunda- berg Mr. Cran, who was lately on a visit to this district, expressed himself, as the local news- papers say, highly pleased with its unrivalled resources, and drew a comparison between the Mackay and this part of the Burnett district very much to the advantage of the latter. He said he hoped to be enabled before long to start a branch, a subsidiary Yengarie, near Bundaberg, where cane may be crushed and the juice pre- pared for transmission to the headquarters on Grahams Creek. If this scheme should be re- duced to practices, there is no doubt of the im- mense benefit that will accrue to this district ; and of one thing Mr. Cran may be certain, viz., that there will bo no lack of sugar-cane. He has but to give the word, and by July, 1877, there would be at least 1000 acres of land under sugar- cane. The substitution of cane for corn to that extent would be no slight relief to the over- gorged maize market. What most forcibly strikes a visitor to this district is the utter neglect, on the part of the Government, of the agricultural interest here. Ministers have always manifested a tender solicitude for the farming population-- on paper-and their programme is beautiful in- deed a network of railways whose meshes shall cover the country, wherever mines or agriculture may demand ; with branch lines to the potential miner's or farmers door , but like Macaulay's " Reviews," of which it has been said, de vivis nil nisi malum ; that they never praise a living man ; it is significant that these airy and excess- sively cheap lines of communication are never designed for the benefit of existing miners or farmers. A projected line through a barren tract of land to a given tin mine a remote scrub, or a few thousand acres of passably good forest land, will find a host of supporters, because "it will open up the country, ' " develop its resources," " increase ita productive powers, ' " go down with the working man," and a heap of other things besides , while a proposal for the expenditure of even one or two hundred pounds on a line of comminication between an old-established agri- cultural settlement aud its market is opposed tooth and nail, or never made at all. It is easy to understand what a consoltation it would be to a farmer to reflect, while burning the body of his 30-guinea draft horse, which was smothered yesterday in a quagumire between the Woongarra scrub and Bundaberg, that "for all that, copper is coming down daily in enormous quantities, at the rate of fifteen miles an hour, from Mount Perry, but in fact he has lost his horse, and copper is not coming down at fifteen miles an hour fiom Mount Perry. After one day's rain I paid a visit to the scrub, and found the various routes thither in a state which cannot be imagined, not can any description give a fair idea of the roads. I will not attempt, then, to describe the undescribable ; even on foot the passage is dangerous to life and limb. nor indeed is there a good road in any direction out of Bun- daberg, save one, and that owes any excellence it may possess to nature. About five miles east from Bundaberg, with a frontage to the Burnett, is one of the best selec- tions, of its size, which has come under my notice \---viz, Rubyana, the property of the Messers. Sheldon. It comprises 1280 acres, or two square miles, of splendid country, combining, as is too seldom the case elsewhere, first-class pastoral and agricultural land ; the ltter being part of the Woongarra scrub, the former a continuation of that rich tract of grass land known as the "forfeited selection of Barolin." The property is well watered, a great portion of the forest being a large low-lying plain, swampy, and covered with a rare succulent herbage, of such prodigious glowth that 200 head of cattle may be hidden in it from the eye of the traveller, except where here and there the back and horns of a lofty bullock, like a boat laden down to the gunwale, moves slowly through the grassy sea. In front of the house, which, as usual in Queens- land, faces the ugliest view that is to be found, is an orange orchard--forest land--where the trees, at the time of my visit, were so thickly laden with oranges as to give each one the appear- ance of a vast cluster or stack of fruit, un- relieved by any sign of foliage. Some of the trees were beginning, like Swift, to "die at the top, ' while others of the same age and variety remain perfectly healthy. If I have given undue prominence to Rubyana it is because I look upon it as the model of what a selection taken up by a man of moderate means should be, as a type of the ultimate form which middle-class farming will assume in this part of Queensland at least ; of that happy combination if the two essential conditions by which the best shall be mad eout fothe complementary pursuits of agriculture and the rearing of stock. Mr Sheldon has a herd of 250 head of cattle, whoso condition speaks to the quality of the feed , while he cultivates about sixty acres of scrub land, employing both Polynesian and white men , the former class of laborers here as else- where are either three years' agreement men or free and independent laborers, the latter work- ing by the week or month "on their own hook," at wages of from 5s. to 15s. a week. The white agricultural laborer earns £1 a week and his rations, but the rate of wages in the town at places like the saw-mill, &c.;, is some- what higher than down south, at Maryborough to wit- viz., 25s. a week with rations. Contract work at splitting, fencing, &c.;, brings fair prices ; a substantial hardwood two-rail fence costing from £60 to £70 a mile, the higher amount including drawing and laying the "stuff" along the line. Wire fencing (three wires and a cap) which is pretty frequent on the larger selections, and where timber is acaree, coming to £20 a mile less, in which respect only has it any advantage over the ordinary two-rail fence. In some cases where three rails are essential, a wire has been run between the top and bottom rail, and answers the purpose well. In the scrub many of the cultivation patches are protected from vermin by a primitive cockatoo fence of logs saved ffrom the running fire, and placed round the edge of the clearing, piled one on top of another. The actual cost of this kind of fence can only be estimate by the time taken about it ; many of the farms are, however, en- closed by a fence of forked sticks, and horizontal poles of scrub wood, against which lean short- cut saplings placed closely together and sunk a few inches in the ground ; the cost of erection is about 2s. 6d. a rod, or about £40 a mile ; with occasional repairs it may be made to last two, or even three years, and though ultimately more expensive than the erection at first of a good paling fence, the cost of the latter (about 11s. a rod-£175 a mile) is prohibitive in the case of the average selector, while the former is within his leach, even if he pays it up to himself and makes most cases he puts it up hismelf and makes better use of his money. Crossing the Burnett at the ferry, where the charged are exorbitantly high, implying a scanty population and a meagre traffic, I rode to Tantitha, Mr. Henderson's station, about three miles from North Bundaberg, a gloomy and depressing suburb, which on near acquaintance bulies its picturesque and somewhat romantic aspect is from the south side of the river. The road to Tantitha runs for about a quarter of a mile through a dense alluvial scrub, and for the remainder of the distance, until a quarter of a mile from the house, through well grassed paddocks timbered with oak and small hardwood trees. The character of the soil and timber then changes suddenly, the former becoming sandy, the latter assuming a park-like disposition of shade trees, chiefly figs, and a specimen of a bushy tree known to the natives as the "Naroo," which bears a fruit not unlike a plum in appearance, but coarser and without a stone. The grass here was very good at the time of my visit, but rapidly withers in dry weather. The Tantitha run has already undergone that metamorphoses which fencing and purchase entails upon the squatter, sooneror later,throughout the settled districts ; it comprises more than 30,000 acres, about forty-five square miles of country, extend- nig in almost unbroken continuity from a point some two or three miles above Bundaberg to the heads of the Burnett, and thence along the coast in the direction of the Kolan for sixteen miles or more. The solution of the run's continuity is caused by the interposition of Fairymeade, the stud farm of Mr. A. H. Browne, which however has a very limited frontage to the Burnett. Beyond this park-like portion of the run--which is of comparatively limited extent--in the direc- tion of the river and the coast, the country opens cut into a succession of treeless plains and swampy land like that at Rubyana. A patch of this rich, black loamy soil, enriched every few years by a deep deposit from the flood waters of the river, has been put under corn, which grown to to perfection. Last season Mr. Henderson bagged 2000 bushels from the forty acres-a something under sixty bushels to the acre ; but the glory of the place is its pasturage and its cattle, of which latter there are running hero about 6000 head. In the home paddocks I inspected a herd of Herefords, among them a very good, lengthy, shortlegged bull, some fine cows, and young bulls full of quality ; some well- bred Durham cows and calves, with an imported bull of rare pedigree and points. The system of pad- docking the cattle has made them as quiet as milker's calves. I rode up to every herd without causing the leaast commotion among them, and had to touch them with the end of my whip to make them get out of the way ; even my dog obtained no other recognition from them than a lazy look of curiosity, a languid examination and ultimate contempt. Fairymeade, a compact property of 3200 acres belonging to the Hon. A. H. Browne, was taken up under the "Sugar and Coffee Regulations" of some years ago, and originally intended for a sugar plantation. This intention was carried into practice to the extent of planting about 140 acres of sugar-cane, and building a village of men's huts, store houses, &c.;, &c.; ; but after costing a great deal of money, the cane for some reason or other was given a prey to the cattle that supplemented agricultural pursuits for the time gave way to pastoral, and instead of being the finest sugar plantation in the world, Fairy- meade remains a mere stud farm which may or may not rival those of the south. I could not ascertain the number of cattle now on the run, but it is not too much to say that it would carry a beast to the acre all the year round. Standing in a swamp in a small paddock--the day was as hot as December--were a small mob of pedigree cattle, conspicious amongst them the 510 guineas Duke of Derrimut, purchased a couple of months ago at the sale of the late Mr. Lee's stud. The Duke is a grand bull, a gentle- man every inch of him. 