THE MONTH.; Parliament has been, further .prorogued un til July 11, on which day it will re-assemble. Thero are rumours in the air 6f the resump tion of the stonewall tactics, but it requires a strong faith to believe that such foolishness will be again enacted. It is mentioned that an Electoral Bill will be brought it), and that the incidences of taxation will be- again con sidered with a view to relieve the duties on articles which cannot be produced here. The subject of making some arrangement for intercolonial free trade lias; been brought; under the notice of the Ministry by the Go vernments of the neighbouring colonies, but. although it is conceded on all sides that such' an arrangement, if practicable, Would be very desirable, as soon as any attempt is mad 6 to jia'ss from viigu'e; generalities ibto specific details the matter is seen te'be fraught with difficulties- that at ..'present.' seem to be insurmountable. So far as appears, nothing can be done in this direction by this colony until our oppressive tariff lias been revised so as to assimilate it to those of. our neigh bours. It is believed that the Government is earnestly engaged., in .endeavouring' to effect retrenchments' in the public expendi ture by which the need of imposing addi tional taxation may, if possible be obviated. Amongst the otherimeasures to Resubmitted to Parliament will be a bill for. the amend-, ment of the Education Act. The; Minister of Public Instruction, at the close of last session, intimated bis inlention of introducing ' n short bill providing the machinery neces sary for , the enforcement of the compulsory clauses. ' It is probable that a provision will be included providing that all private schools should furnish quarterly, returns of the num ber of children likely to . be brought under the operation of the, compulsory . clause. M- It is purposed to amalgamate the Mines De partment with that of the, Lands, and thus save a : considerable' sum of money. The Hon. . Mr J ones, the Minister of. Railways, in a speech delivered at - Penshurst; whither he'had been invited, intimated that another attempt would be made to get at the pockets .of- the rich so as to equalise the burden of taxation, and yet without' justifying a charge Of' class taxation. ' Sir James' M'Gulloch is to be feted by his constituents, and from him 'a more detailed pronouncement may be ex pected. It is' certain that , a number of im7 portent measures wilL.be ..submitted, , if Par liament abandons faction fights aud settles down to the- transaction .of public business. Sir James M'Gulloch has stated; in th'o mat ter of the Railway Vote, that Ministers will \- bo_guided JJ1 J-I"> LmaMng-oC/vaUwiiy j- their political proclivities, . but, for tho'general good. An. announcement; which lias given general satisfaction. ' - -'(/"'?( /The ' Anglican - Oburcli has reoeivod.Vwitli regret, the resignation of its Bishop of Mel bourne,; Dr Perry, and, with that, announcement has. been given the name oh' his successor,; Mr Probeudary Moorhouso. This/gentleman must -possess in 'an eminent degree the missionary spirit to - give > lip the- ease of-Paddington vicarago and its'seonre ' emoluments' in a -State church. forthe dares of'.a! colonial bishopric ana the uncertainty of pay in a ohuroh ' which the State knows not, as it knows no religion. '' How ever,, there is no accounting for choice, and . we hope'that the change will be satisfactory to the Bishop elect. Thd : congregation. of '; Christ Church, ' Custloniaine, aro just now in the throes of ' a' bazaar: ' for th e ' benefit of ' thd (church's funds, but ' the great days' for this mode of raising monoy are gone by, here, at least, until the district is more . prosperous. ; The, bazaar was opened by . the Hon. A.: PraBer, M.L.C., who was .introduced by. the. Yen.;, Archdeacon Crawford. . t The,, following ladies , have. :givdn their;, valued- -services.-,, .Mesdiimes; Hiillj G.i Richards, Courtney, Morton, Nioholson, Dane/ Halford, Richards, Williamson, and Matthews' and Miss Pliipps. Mesdames ; Gibson, Burnett, Merrifield, Crawford, Young, and Myring,' assisted by Misses Burnett, Richards, Eviuib, Matthows, Smyth aud Hausford. The Congre gational Church of the colony has suflbred a loss in the death of the Rev. T. F. Bird. In 1872 Iio accepted an invitation to the pastorate of the Oxford-street Congregational Church, Collihgwood, and was inducted in February, 18/3. Mr Bird had a brother who was also a Wesleyan Minister, but likowise joined the In dependent Church, and who is now officiating in Tasmania. Mr Bird remained pastor of the Oxford-street Church from the .time he accepted the position till his death. Sit Bird was ex ceedingly painstaking in his duties, but never theless found time to compose .and deliver seve ral lectures on different subjects, characterised by great originality and breadth of .mental view, and he also ocoupie'd his . leisure . tiftid by composing poetry, portions of which have , been published. 'Ho was greatly beloved by liis'cori- grogation, and by those -brought into fre quent " contact with him.. " Thd ' half-yearly meeting of the Oastlemaine district- rM.U., I.O.O.F; "Friendly Society was, held- at 'the Cumberland Hotel, when the following offi cers and delegates' were' in attendance, viz':— F. Rotanzi, Prov. G.M. ; J. Desmond, (Prov. D.G.M. j and F. Emery; Prov. 0. S.— Delegates —Oastlemaine. — Josh. \Y( Bailey, P.G; ; J. S; Horner, P.G. ; H. Insall, G-M. Chewton.— J. W. Sparks, P.G. ; Richard Rowd, P.Gt. Hand of . Friendship. — W. J. Wood, ' P.G. Wm. Matheson, P.G. ; Thos. D. Rowo, P.G. ; 0.' James, P.G. Maldon. — Wm. BrdughalT, P.G. ; Thos. Ridd, P.G. ; — Blackwel), P.G. Prince Of Wales.— A. Mdntoith, P.G. ; Jus. Stevenson, P.G. Kynoton. — J. S. Linklnter, P.G. j. W. '.G. Hughes, P.G. ; Thos. Castles, P.G. Iuglowood.— Goorgc Nixon, P.G:. 'Tal bot. — S. H. Hazlett, P.G. ; Thos. AVyatt, P.G. ; Robert Glen, P.G. Nowstoad and Strangways. — Chns. - Sloe, P.G. Maryborough. — Wm. Field, P.G- j John Williams, - P.G. . Hope.— Joshua Atkinson, "P.G. Campbell's Oroek.-— Thomas Wilson, P.G. Strathloddon. — — Cocks,- P.G. ; A. Fox, P.G. Princa Alfred. — S. T. Weekes, P.G. ; Win, Hamilton, P.G. St. Arnaud. — -B enry Thorn, P. G. Kont Lodge. — Goo.-Knight,P.G. Hepburn. — J olim Balemi, P.G. ; H., D. Eddy, P.G. ; Justus Angwin, P.G. Kingston— Edgar Slee, P.P;G.M Gold Miners.— Joseph E. Wills, P. G., D. A. Court,; P.G. The report dealt with various matters of much importance to the Order. On tho initia tory action of P.G.M.-Zox, tho district officers had issued circulars to the Lodges and L50 hat/ been obtained for the widow of Bro. P.P. G.M. Tate, formerly of Maldon. : . Mr and Mrs O'Brien, hoad master and mistress of the Com mon School Go. 160, in Lyttleton-street, con nected with St. Mary's R.O. Church, are now to. take charge of. the Timor State : School,-.- No. 1207, some three or four, miles from Mary-; borough. The . Benevolent Asylum enjoyed ; a treat which will be remembered by most of: them with satisfaction. Mr .Edward L. KiUcli- ingman delivered a very interesting lecture on The Bible and Six Days of Creatiou, m - simple language, easily understood by all; his audience; were assembled in the large dining-hall of the institute, pnd the poor old people Beemed highly pleased with the proceedings. The Oastlemaine ; Band of Hope gave a successful' concert in the Rechabito Hall.. .This juvenile institution, under the care and attention of M'r and Mrs Bourne, assisted by other, friends, ; is making fair progress, aud will pro.ve of great "benefit to the children, by. not- only keeping thein. from the streets, but ( inculcating good moral habits and ideas. Every month or so the public are ( called' upon to' ;noto their pro gress in musical attainments,- and thus give them encouragement by their presence. Victoria.— A large estate in Gippsland has been For .many years past there has existed in this town and district branches of nearly all known benefit societies, such as Masons, Oddfellows, Foresters, etc. But theso societies do not meet with universal support, on the ground of their being what is termed "secret," many. having an insuperable objection to that system. - To' moot this class of individuals, a new Order is being es tablished in .Castleinaiue, under the stylo or' title of 11 The Central Mutual Benefit Society of Australasia," the principles of which are slightly different from all others, its management, being simply a commercial transaction. The proposed weekly contributions aro Similar to other benefit" societies, but. the' " sick benefits" are lowor, aud the funeral allowance is on .a sliding scale. Apart from this is a novel feature— a quinquen nial division of profits, with a proviso for a re serve fund. Special services were held in the Independent, Church, Chewton'-;': the Rev J. Teague and the Rev F. J. Pitman preached. The work, on the aborigines of Australia, com menced by Mr R. Broiigh Smith, has been en trusted- to that gentleman to. complete.: :A con siderable amount. ; of public money has been spent upon this undertaking, . but ilie - money i will not be put to a bad use if a valuable record . of tlio history of the; tribes of aborigines, which: are rapidly disappearing before tho influence -of civilization, is obtained.'; The Mechanics' Insti tute are getting up an Art Union to liquidate their liabilities. , ,.. \- The season has on tho whole been favourable' for ploughing and sowing operations. ( The heat of the season'has been followed by 'froats'maiiy' nights in succession, but the vegetable gardens: suffer from the all devouring 'slugs. "There will be shorn in New South Vales this year up: wards of 2oj000,000 of sheep, -yielding approxi mately above 125,000,0001b of wool, equal in value, at Is per lb., to six aud a quartor mil lions of pounds; sterling.. Six millions and a half of pounds . sterHiig; every year, is a good' nqstqgg even for a wealthy dependency of Great Britain. The cost of shearing tliis vast lot of sheep at 20s' per 100, about tho average price, would be L12o,600. . The cost of transmitting the wool to'tho seaport for exportation might be sotdown at about thesame figure. Withoutgoing into more minute dotails, if we estimate the value of the wool crop of New South' Vales for 1870 (at six :and /q (quarter millions sterling, iind set down 25; per 'cent of the amohiitas expenses in curred by. the woolgrower from the time the sheep enters (the woolshed to be shorn (this is the estimated cost in the working of a wool sta tion) until the net proceeds are in tho wool- growor's bank, there willr ...be disbursed LI, 562,500. This sum would go in shearing; carriage , to port, and to London, ' commission, brokerage, !' &o.; : In: this ! district - thore artj 3,002,000 sheep by the last ' official returns; where, 10 or 12 years ago, there Were very few, so that we are progressing in material wealth is certain. , -Every . year our wool ls inoroasing in _quan.tUy nntV .rioing .in ;<iuoUiy,.ooi.that_bv. the close of ' 1880,' four years hence, New South Wales ought: to .have (at ioast; 30,000,000. of aheop, whioli with horned cattle and hdrses, ought approximately to represent in money value upwards of. L50,000,000 sterling." With l-esr poctp to they Yictorian ; agrioultnral; statistics; " notwithstahdinig 'that : there , has again beon a considerable falling off in the area under- wheat cultivation,. thero. has-been again, an-inorease in the yield. At the last retuqiS the. amduut was about 17,000 acres less thfui, in the provions year, and now there has been 'again a(diminut tion of some 11,000 acres,, tlie present quantity boing 321,401acroa. It is very diffioult to ac count for this, as it cannot arise from wheat not being a profitable - crop; for: the- yield per aore again ' shows a higher average, ns it did in 1874-6. This year tho. average, has boon rather more - than 15 bushels, per acre— oonsidorably larger ' than that of thirf colony. 'The total yield, however, is of-'cohrsb itiuoli'lfess than that of South - Australia, boing -pnly-..4, 07.8, 914 bushels. , All of .this will, its was tho case with the produce of 1874-5; be required for fbod con sumption in -Yiotorin., . The supply for soed will therefore have to bo obtained. out: of; the colony, nndi will ;have to pay duty. ., It: is: impossible to help feeling A cortain amount - of ,. pleasure, in knowing 'that the proteotivo pdlioy of the Yic torian legislators occasionally recoils lipon their own heads." A preliminary meeting of gentle men _ was (hold to eonsidor; the advisability of forming an agricultural socioty. The Mayor, Mr RowOj was voted to the chair. The objoct is to obtain an amalgamation of a society to bo formed at Oastlemaine with Nowstoad, and such other places as maybe deemed desirable, so as to form a large sooioty. It is very pro bable that the next National Show will be held at Kyneton. A communication has been ad dressed to tho ICyneton Agricultural Society by the Secretary for Agriculture, intimating that applications from sociotios dosirous of having this year's National Show held in their districts , will bo received by the department up to tho 29th inst. Any society applying must bo pre pared to contribute at least L500 towards tho .prizes. Tho Kynoton Society has already re solved -to apply that the show should bo held .there, and there are good reasons for believing that the application will bo successful. Last year Mr Wallis, in reoommonding Talbot, ad vised that if this recommendation wero not adopted, Kynoton was the next eligibilo loca lity, and its claims to consideration aro certainly not weaker this year than they wore last year. In South Australia, the agricultural statistics of Mr Bootliby, the Government statist, show the area of wheat under cultivation at 898,820 bores, being an increase of 49,182 acres on last year. The' amount 'produced is 10,739,834 bushels, being an increase of 877,141 bushels, and giving an average of . 12 bushels per acre. Reckoning 37 bushels to the ton, the amoiint of production is 290,000' tons, from which 73;000 tons are deducted for seed and consumption; leaving a 'surplus of 217,000 tons for export, of which 116,000 tons have already been exported'. At a Ministerial banquet at Wallaroo, the- 1-rb- mier, Mr.Boucaut, stated tho policy of tho pre sent Ministry to bo a railway system, in order to develops the country, and attach tho impor tant district 'of: Riverina ; jetties to' enable far mers to ship their, wheat, and harbours, to on- able tho colonists ,to compete with Melbourne and Sydney, and to attract large ships which do not at present come (to their shoros;, and free trade, to placo their merchanta on an equal foot ing with those in other parts of tho world: The introduction Of,, immigrant!, he hoped with in the next five years would increase ,the .popu lation by 100,000 souls, it being pi'dpose'd to ex pend L100,000 for this purpose next year. This will,. bo good news to , tho farm labourers in England; who. from tho following ; can : judge of the sort 'Of; life they may expect in Aus tralia At a meeting of swagsmen the—follow ing resolutions were adopted. — 1. That no nian belonging to the association shall accept employ ment without permission. 2. That no man work longer than eight hours per day. 3. That no man eat less- than three meals a.-.day, beef or mutton at each lineal, and tea,' also pepper, mustard, and pickles if required. That ho man.workunder303 a week, or 15s per day at any piecework ; and 0. . That , no man -be dis charged without suiUcient.reasonbeingadduced by "the omployer io the president of the associa tion. Tho value of laud is jvell maintained in sold at ten guineas1 per acre) and some land in the .Warrenhoip district was lately sold at L36 per acre. : -The;- land .was formerly", bought Tor L10 per'acrO,- and has not yet beeiv cleared; -A; farm at Dean was sold at L18 2s 0d per acre. — \ The works in connection with the Oastlemaine Woollen Factory., are progressing- apace, the engine being now so nearlycorapleted.that steam i will be got up in a few weeks to tost its correct- : neas. .Rumours have. of late -beeiLyery preva-' lent tliat the works have been at a standstill, some such misstatements, .having been. circulated by persons lately irr thd' erhploy 'of the com pany;:- It Is -pi'.iful-'to! see an attempt made to disparage the Company : at its' very outset, in the good' work of' establishihg 'im industry which would not only, benefit- the town, 'but the district atlarge. .:Tho directors, hoWeVer;; have every confidence 'that,- notwithstanding" tliesd drawbacks, "succoss ; ' will attend .their efforts to launch ithe-. -uranufactory .successfully: before many weeks, arid jji-ove it a benefit to the shared holders,-and the general public. --- ! \- It has beon decided by the Government'-'- to amalgamate the. -Mining- department with that of - the Lands. Inquiries are at present being iostituted'with'a view, not only, to. a < total re organisation- of - tlie department; but-';- to ' the simplification and retrenclnnent of the expendi ture connected with . the machinery,- not. only of tho ofKce in Molbourne, but of thb: various brancbes. throughput the colony. The work1 conuected : with tliese several branches is yery considerable, arid costs tlib country over L60, 000 ; a year. Tho Mining Boards cost about L5000 annually, and this amount wo -believe will be saved by . the abolition of ;the system. The past i quarter has witnessed a continuous exodus, from ; the Oastlemaine' division of the best class of! minors. ' The Danish:' and German' pud'dlers ; have gone to Riverina, dam making ; and others , of our quartz' and alluvial miners have gone,. to : new rushes, or to find labour in some more: prosperous locality ;, as a consequence, .raining j Operations and returns : are reduced, .and-. very ' littlc prospccting of progfessive work' is being! cafribd'bh: " The, few sluicing parties suppiiqd j with water from the Coliban Water Scheme' are! making good wages. The Eureka Oonsols-havo! sunk their shaft to 468 feet, and are crosscntting at 460, for tho rich run' of' gold worked at; the: 260\. foet level. The number.of miners, has' con- j siddrably. decreased in : the' ' I Fryer's'-' division, owing to the suspension of mining operations by soine of the principal companies. .The minora! appear to be very unsettled at the present time, and, although unwilling, to break up their homes, are compelled' to seek: fresh 'fields' of, labour; with a view, of; improving , their condition and. tdstlng the resourcos of remote and far. distant goldfields. The unusual activity prevails' nmougt. puddlers and slui.cers, but it. is evident the returns are' gradually fallihg off; and' ;will continue .to do so, , unless, '; somo;''eheaper.'. and raofo .economical ': mode can be j introduced i.to operate on the, auriferous drifts. , During! the quarter there have been 25,375t: tons of quartz' ; crushed in ! the district, ; yieldiiig OTOOoz Ochvt 18gr ; 2503i tons of ; quartz tailings; yieldcd 129oz lOdwtlOgr ; 63 tons' of pyrite3'gave'166oz;, i8dwt lgr. - The' reports of the ' mining ;.sur-i voyors and registrars for' the quarter phdirig 31st March last, Have bebn' issued. ; The, "total' niim-' bof of minors p'mployed' ' on tlio ; various , 'gold-i fields of the boloriy Was dtf/O'-v'jnyluyfaf mines 15,237 European and 11,088 Chinese vvorb engaged, whilst quartz inining omployod l4,220; European and 128 Chinese. Tho, estimated yield of gold for the quartor was 250,929oZ 13dwt, and the quantity'exported was:158,145oz :17d'wt.;!:Tlie totalqiiantity :of goldureceiVod at .tlie.Mint:wns_S2.095oz\Li.a.odu.l24,Ob:6bz..of-Coiii_ woro issued: The total' quantity of qunrtz crushed during tHb"quSffbFwaY'229i75ff tons for a gross yield of 135,270oz lCdwt, giving an av'erago of lldwt 18gr per - ton. ; Mining ioperar tiqns'iii (the -deep ; quartz niiiies of Sandhurst and Olunos provo, month by nionth, that quartz roofs continue to catry gold as they are followed down, furthor.in tho earth. A crushing of 20 tons of quartz taken from a winze between the 900 feet and 1000 foot levels of the Fort Phillip mine (Cluries) 'yielded ; 22oz of gold, and the yield ciiused great satisfaction on acbount of the prospect it gave of profitable deep mining. It is,.;h6wbvor; at Sandhurst that the successful results Of preserving quartz prospecting are best shown. The official return of gold from the Bub-treasury, for the month of Maroh, diB- closes'a most satisfactory result so far as the mining operations for that month aro concerned. The yield is 28, 051oz against 22,5l3oz obtainod in February, and 24,299oz for March, 1875; showing a largo iucrouso as compared with any (of these two last namod periods. It lias been the generally oxprossod opinion that a very active and prosperous year would bo experienced in mining, and, judging from tho rosults so far known, this opinion will bo fully roalised. As as instance of the success which lias followed recent discoveries in tho Bondigo mines, it may be stated that for tho first throe mouths of the present year 72,714oz of gold liavo boon ob tainod ; for tlio corresponding period of 1875 only 63,4G3oz woro sent in, or an increase of 10,00fJoz in favour of the present yoar. In the face of such satisfactory achievements thoro is no reason to foar for the stability and prosperity of the quartz initios of that district. But tho - principal item of news in connexion with gold- ; mining during the past month has been the clis- covery of a rioh-gold-bearing roof, at a depth of IdGO feet in the claim of the Oriental Company, at StaWell. A crushing of stone from tho reef was cleaned up On Monday last, when 7j tons yiolded 48oz 6dwt of gold, or the oxcollent average of Goz 8dwt 16gr per ton. The great depth from which tho quartz was Obtained, and the richness of the yield, render tlio crushing exceptionally importnnt, not only for Stawell, whore many mines are now being worked at- groat doplhs, but also for the whole colony ; and the theory which has been gaining around now for some time that tho quartz reefs will retain their auriferous character deep into tho earth as well as near the surface, may nlmost be considered satisfactorily established. The rich yields of nickel ore from Now Caledonia have succeodod in attracting the attention of a few of our enterprising mining men, and if report is true they will have no reason to regret the ventures they tiro' about to embark- in. Tho splendid dividends from all districts— L21 ,460 in a single week— deserves passing notice ; , of this sum, only L2100 were from alluvial, the balance,. -L19, 306 from quartz. The Average dividends for the last 18 weeks havo . bderi L14j939, and this present large weekly dividend accrues from five or. six,; or. four principal;, min ing districts, L8400 - being from Gippsland, L1600 - from - Daylosfotd, . Jamison and -'Mary borough, L1600 from Clunos,,L8138 from; Sand hurst; and L1874 from. Crpswiok and Stawell. Last week the dividend cheques of- a Well- known wealthy' quartz reefer at Sandhurst amounted to L2500. A fine nugget .was disposed of on Thursday by the Hoffnung Company to the Bank of Australasia, weighing 26oz, in addition to 39oz of; small gold; . This parcel is the result of not quite fdurdays' work. ... The sample is a splendid one, .and was obtained in the direction of the Uuion (olaim. , 'A valuable discovery of copper ore wim thus made. .Winter and.party, at Mitchell's Oreok,, struck very rich stone, and were , realising splendid wages from their ground. In driving a tunnel for. tho more expeditious working of the reef, they out into a magnificent copper lode,. and wero literally throwing away ore ; which lias been estimated by competent judges! to contain between 30 and 40 per cent, of copper. : : A gentleman entered into a contract withithe party for delivering the same at the mouth of the pit, and, so large is tho lode, it is estimated that they will be able to hand over from lOO to 150 tons per week, tho cost of rais ing being about -33 per ton. . The . fortunate holders of the ground have since struck a rich (silver Wam..;-The ; following (are1 some ' 'op the principal yields ' in! 'this district; during the last month (AWat'tfe , Gully 06.,; 480oz ; Callander and Co. ;:'43'o'z)' William Toll; Ooz j Fefron's Oo., 186oz ; Port- Phillip "01aim,; 6i7qz ;( United Kingdom, 240oz ; ,Logan and Go., ( 8oz .; . Gord- sen and Go.;;27ozi;%Gotthardseniand Co., 7oz ; Jesseh arid Co., liqzj; .To wn;' Reef : 'Co'.' lOoz ; Archer and Chalk," Ooz ; Eureka Consols, 15oz ; Ahrens, 7oz j Beeliive ( Co.; lloz : Ironstpue' Hill; 33oz Old Beehive; lOoz j 'Pbllard arid' Co., 53oz ;' North'Eeliam;Uniti''il6TO:;!tNorth the {Ex tended Cross Reef Company, Stawell,' ,1190 tons, .2I40oz.16d.wtj- or an average of-lp.lSdwt jlOgr per ton.; Another fatal accident bccurred ' at thp Duke and Timor claim on Monday,.when a niiner- named Thomas :Weymouth.,got: killed. Deceased and hia mate were blocking out ground by contract at the: time the- acoidont -occurred, and the ;lattor ; suddenly observed - the - timbers giving way behind. : He called out to.Woy- mouth to' warn Him of 'the danger, but the poor fellow ran'right under - the falling - ground; in- steadjof ( gping;up'!t'o the' Breastwork, 'and 'was, of POurse, cau'glit and ; smotliered. During ( the liiohth. tlio liumbqr of mining accidouts has' beon unnsuaily large.:;..The great mining, lawsuit of Learnibnth v.; (Bailey is beiug.trie'd (over ( again. The action is in equity. ; aiid to reebverj! because of..: an alleged . fraudulent . representation , by which plaintiff, (parts .with bis interest; in , tho mine. ( -The magnitude . ,of. tho suit will" be gathered - from the : foliowingii-rdne. ;,of ,,tbe witnesses oxaininod for tho plaintiff was. Mr ...G. H. Taylor, solicitor, who i ; was! examined;'in respect' to the loss of: certain books in(- connec tion with the- mine. '. In1 the coiirBe of 'his : evi dence he'said' that ai spli'citor for' the plaintiffs lie had received' from' the' plaintiff's agent a sum of LI 0,000 for law costs iu'connoxion' with the suit (at equity (and common law, and tliat of. this ambunt!.L450Q(.wa3 for counsel's foes. ! (' -. Thejjglway to Stawell was .formally opened on. .Thuwday , by , his Excellency the GoVbrnor, who.fwas accompanied; by most of. the members of the; , Cabinet.: Stawell'was enthusiastio on the occasion, and everything passed; off ; well. Mr : Jones mentioned that the receipts ; at the station for the throe days tho line had been at work exceeded ' L500,t and no( other; country station '-.had: ever yielded such a return. 'His Excellpncy Was'very habnv iii'liis remarks'/ arid hb( iiieri tioneel that, in eighteen 'months Yibtoria would (have; 1000 miles'uf ' ruil way open. ( ((The. cons tructipn, of, railways is causing tliosb Dioneers pf-i tho .iroii' horsoj pobb and Co. ,' to go" furfclier afield, and; by ( making (communication; with . the interior more easy, (increase the population there , and (gradually,; pave tho way, for the . oxten- sion .of railways., :,.Large additions. .are,: now being made to the premises recently built by the Western Stage Company at Harail ton,; and, that! it is the intention of the firm immediately to : start a Factory,, on an extensive- scale, for the1 manufacture and repair of coaches in connection : their numerous lines in, this district. , Hamilton, in faot,'is tb become 'the headquarters' of, the: .ooaching business , as soon as the. railway opens, and altogether there will be between'30 and 40 hands, employed . in. the town upon this branch: of ! industry. Coaches; will (be .run to some, places, where at present , there , are only horse-; back mails, and tlie, twice'Vud: thrice" a-w'eok coaches will " in some cases (be altered :. to'daily ; services. The same thing is happening'" at! Riverina. ; The , opening of , the Deniliquiri and Moanm rail way. will- set' at liberty the 'horses and j plant at -present' (employbd ' iiv - the miiil service! between those plabes,'- andr.we believe these are! to -be utilised in; the establishment' of a daily! coach- line' and an (express' parcel servieeybe-j twoen the railway terminus and. .Hay. ( Thoj opening' ofi, this railway will (take place underj circumstances of great eolat, and it is expeotedi _that,tlie_Goveriiore and- Ministers of the two. colonies will meet on the ocoasipff.r!Tliq colony: (has been : shocked of late bv. the alarniing in crease of two kinds of crime of a niost serious and, dangerous charaoter, viz., assaults on \vomou,and attemptsto throw trains from railway! lines. Under the first head we may refer to the Bnrrumbeet outrage, in whioli a ruffian atrociously abused a woman namod Reece a desperate assault committed by a mnn named Ryan upon Mrs Rumbold, at South Yarra,— tlio trial, sontonco to deatli, aud execution of Duilus, at Oastlemaine, of Sandhurst, for as saulting his own children, ancl the sentence to 10 years' penal servitude, with three eevere floggings, of Trovarrow, also of Sandhurst, for assaulting some children. Of the other kind of oftonce several have tskon place, and they are the more a arming from the fact that in almost all oases they are committed with perfeot im punity. Owing to the .thinly-populated charac ter of the country, opportunities to wanton malignity to commit this purposoless and cowardly onme aro abundant, and the- oppor tunity has apparently created a tendency whioli is now fostered by tho frequency of tho crime, the impunity witli which it is perpetrated, and tlio stimulus affordod by those olements to morally morbid miuds. A Fire Brigado De monstration took place at Ballarat, at which all tho V ictorian and Colonial brigados were repre sented. The meeting of tho brigades was sin gularly markod with the breaking out of large mid destructive fires iu some of the places from which the brigades had absented tbomsolves. lliroo very disastrous fires ocourrod on May 25 iu Melbourne, by whioli a large amount of pro perty was doslroyod. About 3 o'clock in the morning a fire was discovered on the promises of Messrs Harper and Co., Oriental Mills, ' Flinders-street, and whilst the firemen wore. eiu gaged in extinguishing this, another fire broke out in Flinders Bond, Flinders-street. These fires burned very fiercely, and it was with great difficulty the flames were completely gutted, and property destroyed to the amount of many thousands of pounds. At 1 o'clock in the dov a third fire broke out in tho warehouse of Messrs Sanders, Lazarus and Co.,! Elizaboth- ntroet, by which property to the value of L7000 was destroyed. Shortly after 2 o'clook a fourth fire occurred in Cardigan- street, Onriton. Tho 67th anniversary of the birthday of Her Ma jesty tho Queen was celebrated in' the customary oyal fashion of Victorians, and was universally obsorvod as a general' holiday. The weather fortunately was very fine, and was most favour able for all the amusements. In tho morning His Excellency the Governor held a levee at the Town-hall, which was numerously attended The volunteer review was the most attractive spectaole of the day, and was witnessed by not less than 20,000 persons. The Fire Brigades ; domonstratibn at Ballarat above referred to also proved successful. At Bendigo and tho Kensington-park race meetings were held at ' which an excellent day's sport was provided ! Some- sports were held at tho Friendly Societies'' Gardens and; at the Warehousemen's ground St Kilda road.; In the. evening the .Theatre jRoyal,' theiOpera-liouso, and tlie (other plac'os of entertainments were crowded., ; At Oastlemaine the inhabitants closed their, business places and left'the town." At 'Maryborough three (distinct ! shocks? .of; ; earthquake; were . felt, — no such j phenomena was noticed herej' , but about ' the | hours named .there . was some vivid, lightning ; and v. about ; daylight li. yeryj.. heiivy thunder' ! storm passed jovor-r tlie town.',.. By (the "death of Mr ' .William' iRu tledge,-,of ? Farmhan, ! (the colony of Yiot'oria 'hasl'-16stii,another,;,of ( its ! earliest ! pioneers. V ! In. the ' days .when', the country was : known,; M'-FortjEhUipMr Rntledge' was a man of note' in the; tow if of Belfast, 'then callod Port Fairy, at .that time subhan-'out-of-the-way placo that" ia .trip frpni Melbournevto the port was re- : garded' as ah ,event(of((almost as much'conse- ! quenco . as'j a .yoyago to Eiigland is now. The bush, like the sba/sbmetimes gives up its dead. An' aboriginal/ while' out shoojing, wild dogs on a station about-' 17 'miles -.from iWest Oiiartton found 'tb'G'bones'of' a'nlari in'the.maliee scrub! At, an inquest held/oh 'the'26thult., they were identified, 'by moaDa' of tho clothing found near the spot, as . (tlib.'iremains ' of ' an Englishman James, Tpbfaj,. wKo( had "been (missing from the district/since Jaimary,'-1875; 'At that time he liv.ed;ih a tent'ori the; Cattle-hill: Station, about three- quarters of ( a.'milelrqih Lake Worronooke. He'';"\yasrilast"seen.by a"storekeeper, with whom he had: been:: staying a( few;days. . He left the store sober; intending, to return home, but must have gbt'bushedj and: perished from exhaustion and exposure. . The following presents some of tlio. curious phases'! of "Colonial - life :— At Avenel at oho "of tiie,(hh(els'(tliEl!coOk; oiice' a Ballarat man„is .a brother of ' Jeniiy Lind, the Swedish NjgnfliIe'l.dbiiU'-tbe.'botel: was once a BaUarat(mah,"'.wbrth L50,()00 ; 'and that another ooce 'welhtp-do iiiliabitant ' of Ballarat is there " (on. the "wallaby J'" aiid' not by (any means well off;,now. (..The, colony . lias (bCeri pronounced free:, from: scab!/.' Scarlet fever is', still prevalent in many-places!; The Bank/of. Yictoria, at Sey- moiir,,: .- was. t stuck iip,..and; robbed of a large quantity of notes,, but tlie robber lias been coni- mitted'fqr:trial.::'.v; (...;,ii;:7.:( (: ; .,,(. ' A; mysterous caso has occurred at Hawthorn. A: widow woman : named Thompson resided thera; with her son;': keeping a small draper's shop,, the son' also hawking. :' (For a short time they lived' unhappily -in consequence of the son, a handsome . young .man, giving way to . drink and : forming a liason. : Since Easter Monday Mrs Thompson has;not been seen, and although the colony has been; ransacked no tidings of her are found. '"(Thei shop; after, being closed for Bome days, was entered, aud no trace of mother or. son discovered (for/ several .'days, when the sou was found bangiugTtb a beam iu the roof, to which place he had - crept through a hole on the calico: ceiling (<; ' 'rr-j ' ?. - '('.The eommefoial-wbi-ld 'lias been kept astir in what is . known; as, tho! (Stevenson caae- In out last ;.summ'ary;(referenee''waa; made to it ; since that/G.'LFSte'vbnsoh Has been before the Mel- bourne ;Fqlico Court on a charge of defrauding the .Gustoms reveiiVib. The hearing lasted 'several, days,- but(the. informer Trowell did not positively - swear that a certain case contained 100 doz. gloves, and there is no doubt from the evidence 'that- it. only contained '70 dozen and 30 doz. scarfs, tlio charge then, of paying less duty than - should have' been 'paid, that is on 70 doz,' - gloves instead of 30 dozen, was dis missed. Another charge of evading duty oil flannel (is: no yr sub'judice, but, as the prosecution has failed' to provb the Customs invoice, the case must :be dismissed . also. The prosecutions (have given riae to a good deal pf party feeling, and 'the (charge has been made of Bench pack ing. But; looking at (.the bvidpneo, tho magis trates could!" not' do otherwise' ''than dismiss tho tirst' chargej' and -'the same1 result may be anti cipated 'of theYsocohd.-. ( It .is; rumoured that other charges - will be - preferred in the Sapromo Court, but this , is- not likely. The Messrs Stevenson are -able to-show, .that they have paid dufcy 'docordirig to' the value of the goods in the prinoipal markets of the country whence the goods are exported; and this is; all ( the law re quires of them, y,.; . 