SUMMARY. (Continued from page 2 of Summary.) INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. Rain has been general in. the country i tricts, and all fear of a drought is r over. The debate in the Legislative Assembly the resolntiona to confirm the Governm agreement with the Bank of Now Soi Walea waa conducted with much animati The Assembly negatived the resolntion amend the first clause of the agreBm which confines the banking account to Bank of New South Wales, thus virtus settling the principle. The third claust the bill waa amended, by giving the Gove ment power to withdraw any Burplaa fr the Bank of New South Wales and pi it in other banka when the balance oxcei £350,000. Mr. Audley Coote haa had interviewa w the Government with reference tolayini second submarine cable to Europe. A de tation from the Chamber of Commerce 1 an interview previously with the Postmasl General, urging the necessity of steps be taken for duplicating the means of ti graphic communication between Austrr. and Europe. The deputation pointed i the interruptions that occasionally ta place in the cable, and the incoavoniei and IOBS resulting therefrom, which woi increase with the increase of business. '1 cable had now been interrupted for four five weeks, and the closing of the last w sales, and other matters affecting the cc niee, bad not been received. The Postmast General admitted the importance of a seco line, and promised to lay the question bef his colleagues at an early date, with the vi of opening np negotiations with the Gove menta of the adjoining colonies and N Zealand in the matter. Sir William Manning haa been appoinl to the vacant judgeahip. The annual Agricultural Exhibition ia n open, and has proved a great success. C. FiBher, of Adelaide, and D. Taylor, T mania, secured the first and second prizes: wool. The barque Mildred arrived at Newcaa from New Caledonio, with three men w were left on the Banton Reef by the mast of the ahip Isabella, which waa wrecked thi in May last. Three men out of nine died the reef, and six were on the reef six montl and were then rescued by the ketch Lai Lind, and taken to New Caledonia. T castawoys lived on raw birds' eggB a turtles during tho whole time they were the reef, the blood of the turtles being us as a substitute for water. The three wh men, when discovered, were quite naked a^ much tanned by the sun. The master of t Laura Lind also found the Bignboarda of t Australia and Maryborough. M. D'Albertia and party have left for Somi set, on the way to Now Guinea. They n take a steam launch with them, aub! hoi the flag of New South Wales. The foundation-stone of the Prince Alfn Hospital baa been laid by the Govern! Over £30,000 is at present available for t building. Majeroni, formerly the principal actor Madame Ristori'a company, baa appeared Sydney in a drama, "The Old Corporal which he played in English, with great su cesa. A foot race has taken place between Frar Hewitt, of England, and Davis, of Aoaeric The events of 100 and 150 yarda were boi won by Hewitt, time KHe. and lui respe tively. A race between Hewitt and Watso at Maitland, was won by the latter by yard. At the annual meeting of the Mutual Pr< vident Society, increased and new businei was shown in aU the colonies. The returi from Victoria are greatly in excesa of at previous year. The Sydney Marine Insurant Company and the New South Wales Marm Insurance Company pay no dividends. The following companies have declare dividende :-Bank of New South Wales, 15 pi cent, per annum, with a bonus of 2$ pt cent ; £10,000 placed to the reserve fund Sydney Marine Insurance Company, 5 pe cent tor the half-year, with a bonus of 2 percent.; the report shows a clear aurplu of over £8,000. Waratah Coal Company 20a. per Bhare, leaving a balance to be carrie forward of £15,800. A team of five riflemen has been selecta to represent New South Walea at the oompe tition for the championship of the world o Philadelphia in September next. The tear will not visit Wimbledon, but will go direc to Philadelphia. QUEENSLAND. Raina are reported to be general through out the colony. The Treasury returna for the quarter end ing March last abow the revenue receipts a £290,065, exclusive of £7,902 in land orders and £15,035 special receipts, being an in crease of about £10,000 upon the correspond ing period of 1875. Customs, excise, gold stamp duty, postal, harbours, telegraph, ant railway receipt« are the iteraa from whicl i the improvement arisoj. The increase o revenue for the nine months of the financia year 1873-6, already expired, ia £89,915, th( total revenue from all aourcea being verj little short of one million. The groaa expon diture amounted to nearly one million and t half storling, nearly half a million being oui of the loan fund. Mr. Audley Coote haa made three distincl offera to the Queensland Government te duplicate the whole system of telegrapl: cablea and overland lines, and asked thorn to join in a guarantee with the other Govern, ments. Farther official reports state that the rusli to the Hodgkinson is a total failure, and the diggers were looking for Mulligan, the dis. coverer, to hang him. Affairs at Cooktown are assuming a serious aspect, in consequence of the large assemblage there of disappointed diggers. There are 200 employed on the roads in consideration of receiving rations only. Although there are no actual distur- bances, it has been deemed advisable te postpone the departure of the police escort. The steamer Leichhardt arrived off Towns- ville from Cooktown, with 150 disappointed diggers on board, who refused to land. The assistance of the local police magistrate wan called in, but even this failed to get them ashore, and Captain M'Lean waa compelled to take them on to Brisbane. The crew of the immigrant ship Strathearn, from Glasgow, while the vessel lay at anchor in Keppel Bay, mutinied, and severely wounded the second mate. The cabin was barricaded against the mutineers, who took possession of the fore part of the ship. The chief officer telegraphed to Captain Anderson at Rockampton, that unless armed assist- ance was sent, the mutineers would probably seize the ship's boats and decamp. Upon receipt of the message 12 constables were sent from Rockhampton to render assistance, and they arrested l8 of the crew without any resistance. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. At a Ministerial banquet at Wallaroo, the Premier, Mr. Boucaut, stated the policy of the present Ministry to be a railway system, in order to develope the country, and attach the important district of Riverina ; jetties, to enable farmers to Bhip their wheat ; and har boura, to enable the colonista to compete with Melbourne and Sydney, and to attract large Bhipa which do not at present come to their shores ; free trade, to place their mer- chante on an equal footing with those iu other parts of the world ; stamps and aucces sion duties, with a fair and additional tax on the propertied classes, to enable the revenue to be kept up to meet the expenditure and the payment of interest to be made, and to elevate tbem into a great nation. The intro- duction of immigrants he hoped within the next five years would increase the popula* tion by 100,000 souls, it being proposed to expend £100,000 for thia purpose next year. He stated that £2,000,000 are owing the Government for land, and this justified a loan of £3,000,000. Boothby'a agricultural statistics show the area of wheat nnder cultivation at 898,820 acree, being an increase of 59,182 aerea on last year. The amount produced ia 10,739,831 bushels, being an increase of 877,111 bushels, and giving an average of 12 bushels per acre. Reckoning 37 bushels to the ton, the amount of production ia 290,000 tons, from which 73,000 tona are deducted for aeed and consumption, leaving a surplus of 217,000 tona for export, of which 110,000 tons have already been exported. The auditor-general'0 quarterly retama show the expenditure for the quarter ending March to be £7,800 less than the correspond- ing quarter of last year, but for the year it is £34,000 more than the preceding year. The total value of exports for the first , four months of thia year haa reached 11 £1,763,000. : It is reported that a large proportion of the spirits Bold in the colony does not pay doty. I . A telegram haa been received' from Mr. Thoa, Burgess, dated Geraldton,1 .Western Australia, April 22, stating, that he parted with Mr. Ernest Giles, the explorer; near" Monnt Murchison, on April 10, when all waa well, Mr. Giles expected to reach Beltana about September. " ' " 'The University has been opened." Bishop Short has been appointed chancellor and the Chief Justice vice-chancellor. ' Lady Kingston, the wife of Sir G. S, King- ston, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, ia dead. An extraordinary ecclesiastical case waa tried at Woodside, in connexion with the Lutheran Church at Lobethal. A disagree- ment arose on certain doctrinal points be- tween Faator Krause and somo of his con- gregation, and the latter forcibly ejected their pastor from the pulpit on Sunday week. After the hearing of the case a conference was held, and a compromise waa accepted, the pastor abandoning all right to officiate, on condition that he should be allowed the UBO of the parsonage and garden for life. The Burra Burra Mine shows a credit balance of over £12,000. The Glenelg Bail way shows a net profit of over £4,000 for the half-year, and a dividend of 10s. per share has been declared. The company intend ex- tending their line along the beach to Brigh- ton Rocks. TASMANIA. Parliament has been further prorogued till June 20. Captain Gilmore, the new Colonial'Secre- tary, hoB been defeated for Central Launces- ton by Mr. Bromby, by C2 votes. The railway is still a source of diaaatisfac tion. Trains have twice run into- mobs of horses, killing several. Trucaminni, or Lalla Rookh, the lost Tas- manian aboriginal, has died of paralysis, need 73. She was Queen Consort to King Billy, who died in March, 1871, and had been under the care of Mrs. Dandridge, who waa allowed £80 annually by the Govern ment for maintenance. NEW ZEALAND. Parliament has been summoned to meet on the 15th June, which is fully a month before the usual time, and ia before the close of the financial year, which runa to the 30th June.. The main business of the session will be to arrange the practical details of abolition of the ayatem of provincial govern ment and to provide for the due carrying on of the functiona now performed by the pro- vincial Parliaments, which cease on the day after Parliament ia prorogued. The Govern, ment have sent three commissioners round the colony, for the purpose of obtaining information regarding the departmental matters in the various provinces, BO as to enable the Government to carry on the work now being done by the local governing bodies. They have been well re- ceived in the majority of the provinces by various superintendents, but it is considered doubtful whether this treatment will be ac- corded to them in Auckland, the superiuten. dent of which (Sir George Grey) ia the leader of the provincialist party. Some moat ex- traordinary telegrams, of enormous length, have lately passed between Sir George Grey and the Premier, Sir Julius Vogel. Sir George Grey's idea of justice to Auck. land is that it should have all ita own revenue for local purposes, and have all expenses tn connexion with the collection of that revenue and the government of the colony paid by the remainder of New Zealand. Sir Julias Vogel declined to argue seriously with him, and, whether wisely or not, resorted to a little "chaff," for which Sir George's extra ordinary style offered plenty of material. At last Sir George deolared he could find no mention of a Premier in the Constitution Act; and henceforth he would only correspond with the Governor. Then he returned, un- opened, the next telegram from Sir Julius Vogel, and took the trouble of telegraphing that he had done so, at the same time actually aBking for something else from him. This wonderful interchange of telegrams between the two knights has been freely commented on by the press, and both have been pretty equally blamed. It is expected that there will be some lively scenes in the House next session, when Sir George Grey meets Sir Julius Vogel there for the first time. It is understood that Mr. Fitzherbert, the Superintendent of Wellington, will be nomi- nated Speaker of the Legislative Assembly by the Government. Mr. Kolleston, the present Superintendent of Canterbury, is to receive the appointment of permanent under-Becretary for Education after next session, the Minister of Justice holding the Education portfolio. Three hundred and twenty acres of ground in the province of Nelson has been taken up by a joint stock company for the purposes of silver-mining. The ore brought to grass is expected to yield 300oz to the ton, and is considered richer than the Rangitoto mine in Westland. Some of the Thames mines are improvine very much lately, and many people predict a period of great prosperity. Scarlet fever has been very virulent at the Thames, and BO prevalent that the school committees decided to close ali the schools or a fortnight. From Invercargill the correspondent of the Otago Daily Times telegraphs that the salmon ova continue to hatch out moat satis- factorily. At the half-yearly meeting of the Bmk of New Zealand, a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared, and £70,000 carried to tho reserve fund. The Bubject of the prohibition of the im- portation of cattle will be relegated to a select committee next session. The contract for the conveyance of the Suez mails between Melbourne and the colony has been renewed with Messrs. M'Meckan, Blackwood, and Co. for a term of years. An extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders in the Fiji Banking and Com- mercial Company will beheld at Auckland on the 15th May, for the purpose of passing (if approved) resolutions for winding up the company. The magnitude of the mushroom crop this year at Wangaehu, on the west coast of Wel- lington province, is said to be something astounding. Acres are truly white wich them. Earthquake shocks continue rather un- pleasantly frequent in the northern part of Otago, apparently having almost entirely deserted the North Island. The Oamaru people are rather alarmed, nearly all their buildings being of stone. FIJI. Referring to the rumour that the Governor« of Ceylon and Fiji were to change places about the beginning of next year, the Fiji Argus says :-" So far as it relates to his Excellency Sir Arthur Gordon, we are autho- rised to state that he baa no intention of abandoning the work which he has only just commenced, and which a8 yet, for obvious reasons, can hardly be said to have made much apparent progress towards any abso- lute results." Mr. E. L. Layard received by H.M.S. Sapphire his final instructions to quit Fiji, and assume the duties of British consul at Noumea. He will leave by the first vessel. Independent of bis eminent services in the work of annexation, Mr. Layard has con- tributed largely to the resources of the scientific world. Ho has sent to England many choice ornithological specimens, some of which have been hitherto unknown. The policy of the Government with refer- ence to the native taxes promises to turn out a success. At Kandavu no leas than 1,800 natives have already commoncod clearing and planting land ; at Tai Levu 1,000 acres have been planted ; at Macuata and other places the same activity prevails. No doubt before long large quantities of produce will come to market from the natives. Kidney cotton is being planted extensively, and this will pay very well. A large and powerful tribe in the Rewa district have positively refused to clear the ground intended for the plantation to be started under Government supervision, and have told Mr. Wilson, the superintendent, that they are willing to pay their tax in money, as of old, but decline to carry oat the orders recently promulgated with respect to the new method of assessment. The Fiji Times devotes a long article to the State of the sugar industry in that colony, and shows that in the efforts hitherto made a large amount of capital has been expended injudiciously, through want of the necessary skill in constructing sugar-making machinery in use in the colony, and the general want of teohnical knowledge as to the treatment of the cane when growing, and during its crush- ing. It suggests that a colonist ahould be aent home to obtain the required money iu ' Britain-some £50,000. It estimates the cost of erection of three factories, and working three plantations of 300 aerea each, at £?18,"150 ; and estimates a profit on two years' working of £40,650, exolusive of in 1 terest on capital, and wear and tear. News has been received from Fiji vid 1 Auckland Btating that serious disturbances have occurred at Vlti Levu, where the mountain tribes had descended on and Backed several native villages. ' Whilst the -Government force was on the borders of the mountains in the hill country, with 'the view of keeping the mountaineers in ¡check, the latter Went down the opposite 'side of the range.'and laid waste all the, coast 'villages, committing frightful atrocities. The Îiret-te particulars'are not yet tolland, but it < a reported that 30 villages have been ravaged, and um, women, and, children massacred* many of thom being thrown into the burning houses and routed alive. 1 COMÍdEltCIÁi; INTELLIGENCI ' THE KAILS. TbeR-M.S.S. China, Captain Brooks, w the Indian and European maila, left Hobso Bayon her outward voyage on the 19th ult The R.M.S.S, Bangalore, Captain G. Nels Hector, with the English and foreign ma 'arrived in Hobson's Bay on Saturday mo ing, the 29th ult, at 4 o'clock. The Queensland, the Torrea Straits' ra steamer, arrived here on the 28th ult fr Sydney. Her maila were received the t before. , The Californian mail steamer San Fri cisco, with the American and English ma reached Sydney on the 4th inst ; the lett arrived here on the 8th and 9th insta. STATE OF TRADE. We have little to report of animprovi character of the trade of the past month, a were it not for the unmistakable feeling healthiness which prevails, deapite all t i depression and dulness which haa exist we should be inclined to despair of ever agi seeing anything like the activity and bus for which the Melbourne markets were at c time so much noted. Operations during t past month have not been marked by mu ! of interest. Speculation baa been dorma and though it is seldom that a month has be poseed so completely and entirely free of e transaction bearing the impressof epeculatii we are yet in a position to maintain that th has been much losa of that feeling of langi dulneBB and utter prostration that for so time past haa been BO common a feature our trade. For though the demand for m chandise haa still been confined and Btricted to supplying mere ordinary tro wants, yet a buoyant feeling of confidoi has been noticeable throughout the mon It ia equally true, however, thataubstaat relief has been afforded to our reiterated co Elainta of over importation, which hitherto 1 een BO much a source of well-grounded at iety, owing to the losaea which importers ha been subjected to month aftermonthforyei Dust, and thia may in some degree accou for the eatiefactory feeling to which we ho already referred, aa all our monetary ins tutea must participate ia the benefic change which the statistics of the year p sent to na in ao favourable a character, looking at our imports and exporta for t post five months, we find on comparing o importa for the preaent year, which amou to £4,405,352, with thoBO of the past yei amounting to £3,030,038, that we have ti year lesa to pay away by £820,075, a substa tial decrease of importations for so abort period. On the other hand, our expoi show that while we sent away in 1875, up the period at which we are writing, say May 0, produce to the value of £3,513,85 we in 1876 exported to same period £5,359,1( or only £154 0G5 lesa than ia 1875. It w thus be observed that whilo in 1876 we had meet £820,675 less than in 1875, yet we aei away during the same period within £154,G of what we sent in 1875. Doubtless much the feeling of confidence which now prevai ia to be traced to so satisfactory a state matters. Whether or not, we have still ti gratifying intelligence to communicate th nothing m town or country haa occurred late to disturb or cause anxiety among traders, and even the small country inac vendes which at one time were so f reqaei appear now to be a thing of the past ; whi the only suspension in town this month that of Mesera. Forman and Co., a manufa turingengineering firm, but who, as showing large surplus, only require an extension of tim and are likely to find friends who will can them on. The liabilities amount to £12,51 while the assets are estimated at £15 772, ti surplus thus being £3,258 ; at a eabsequet meeting, however, tbe assets were estimate at a good deal less. The banks, contrary I expectation, have made no reduction on tt rate of discount, nor do we see any indie tion of an early return to more reasonah ratea ; this, to say the least of it, is unfair, an the circumstance is giving rise to a goc deal of adverse criticism, more especially £ the half-yearly statements of the varioc banking institutes of the colony ahow thei to be in the most prosperous condition. A one time we were inclined to favour a con bination amongst bankers Such as at presen existe, being satisfied that no injurious c unfair advantage would ever be taken of position in which confessedly much han might be done ; uniese, however, a more rec sonablo policy ia adopted ere long we sha be compelled to alter our opinion in regar to the benefit to be conferred upon the oom munity by a combination amongst bankere any more than amongst monopolista of lower and commoner grade. Since writing i has been notified to us that a redaction c 1 per cent baa been made on four monthi and overdrafts, the ratea now being 7 pe cent, on two, 8 per cent on three and fou months', and 9 per cent, on overdrafts ; wit thia, however, the public will not be satisfied One of the gratifying circumstances of th month is the entire breaking of the drought and though very great and seriouB loase bave been endured it ia matter for thank fulnesa that it is not worse, as a one time it was feared it would be The quarrel between Messrs. Stevenson au< SonB and the Customs has been of a mos exciting character throughout the month Scarcely a day haa passed without a para graph of aomo sort appearing in each of thi daily papers regarding the matter. Thi conduct of the Customs authorities ha1 been euch an outrage on all decency ant fair dealing as to aronso a feeling of sym patby in favour of the firm in question, evet in the minda of those who were far mon eager to condemn than otherwise. Aa the last mail was leaving, the Commissioner o Customs had got the length of impound ing Messrs. Stevenson and Sons' Englist letters, with the intentioa of opening them in search of proofs of fraud, but after retaining them for IG days, at last more prudent counsels prevailed and the Government returned them intact, accompanied with a letter of the most un. dignified character, and though we regretted that a blunder of so grave a nature should have been committed by the Government, we were amongst those who commended this action, even at the cost of an admission ol error, rather than that a greater evil should be committed by invading the inviolability ol the post-office. MesBrs. Stevenson's success in this respect appears to havo created a desire for vengeance in the mind of the Customs authorities, for it ia impossible otherwise to account for their treat- ment of Messrs. Stevenson since, their whole conduct being directed more to- wards annoying, and harassing, and even raining them in their business, rather than to do them justice ; the last move in the matter being not only to make them open every package which they receive for sale in the colony, but likewise every package in bond, even when intended for shipment to one of the other colonies, and not for sale here at all. The Customs officers have now been engaged for the last sir weeks in thus fishing for evidence, aud np to the present time they have not, aa far as can be judged, been able to find the desired evidence of fraud against them. Much indignation haa been aroused amongst all classes against the Commissioner of Customs for his arbitrary and tyrannical treatment. Every step yet taken by the Go vernment has proved to be wrong, and where and how it will yet end it ia difficult to aay. Since writing we learn that the Government baa at length resolved to bring the matter to ¡Baue by BumrnonBing Messrs. Stevenson to the court In the transactions of the month bulk ales do not figure largely. Ia bottled stouts eales of O'Brien's dagger brand amount to 2,400 cases at least Dundee goods have not been noticed, all inquiry having for the present ceased. Gunny, bags on one occa- sion, however, were taken by one buyer to the extent of 200 bales. An extensive business baa been done in candles, chiefly for export A line of 0,500 boxes waa taken up by one buyer, besides numerous other par- cela of less extent, and stocks in bonds are now reduced to 38,700 boxea. The most pro. minent and interesting feature in regard to coffee is the arrival of the Eunice, from Colombo with an entire cargo, and the subsequent sale of the plantation, cam. prising the principal part of the cargo. In fruits, a large business haa been done in currants at very full rates. The market for breadetuffs has not been marked by anything of interest ; prices have been steadily main- tained, and there has been little or no fluc- tuation in value. In feeding grains, oats im- proved considerably at one time, bat they are now much duller. The agricultural returns just published by the Government ahow an increaae in the yield of wheat ot 125,779 bnBhels over the previous year, and an in. crease on oats of 598,183 bushela. Maize has been subjected to a heavy reduction in value. Hops have been neglected. Ia metala, galvanised iron and fencing wire only have been noticed. In oils, kerosene baa had fair attention of late, and some 20,000 cases are reported to have changed hands. Transactions in rica have been marked by the disposal of 500 tona Fatna ex Haddington, and the price being driven down to £14 in bond. In Bagara business bos been done in VictöHa Refinery Company's to the extent of 1,300 tona. In other descriptions' we note the aale of the Emily and Queafembert shipment« in the beginning of the month, but auppliea since have been ao bare that only broken parcela hayoi been.got ¡rid.of. Teas have met with a good trade inquiry, but nothing more special., Tobaccoea' latterly, have been largely sold. Timber at length beging to show some im. I proyement. Brandies likewise have risen iri>. vBlue. , , 'By the arrival of tho Suez mail steamet Bangalore, we were placed in possession oï dates from! London to 17th March, from» Calcutta to 29th March, from Colombo to 5t5 April, from Bangoon to 25th March, fror» Hong Kong to 20th March, and from Batavia to 20th March. By the Torres Straits mail steamer we have dates from Singapore to 3r* April, from Manila to 17th March, from Saigon to 19th March, and from Bangkok to 29th FebrnoTy. By the San Francisco steamet! we have dates from New York by circular to 20tb March, and from San Francisco to 5 " April. STOCK AÎTD STATIONS. .', f The following sales have been effected '¿Z Mesáis. Powers, Rutherford and Co. re«' port:-"We have sold privately, by order of Messrs. Caldera and Stephenson, Eula Station, Paroo River, with 1,918 head oí cattle, horses, to Mesare. James Cogie anti Co., &c;" Mr. John Geo. Dongharty reports bavin»' sold the Jingellac Station, on the Upper Murray, with 10,000 sheep, horses, cattle > and freehold land, to Mr. John J. Crowe' of Noorongong, at a satisfactory price. * Mr. George Aitken reports having sold, for* MesBia. Armatrong Brothers, the Boort Station, in the Swan-hill district, with sheep ' cattle, horses, and freehold land, to MeBSrsl W. G. Laidlaw and Co.. for cash. MesBia. Richard Gibson and Co. report having this day sold, by private contract, on. behalf of Messrs. James and Johnson, their; Alma Stations, comprising over 150,000 acres of Crown landa, in the Lachlan District of New South Wales, together with 50,000 sheep,, horses, working bullocks, &c;, and all ira» provements, to Messrs. Alexander Arm» strong and Co., nt a satisfactory price. MesBre. James Turner and Son report the sale, on account of Mr. Wm. Martin, of his Errebendery Station, on the Lachlan,together with 16,000 Bheep, horses, cattle, ice, to Messrs. Edgar Brothers, at a satisfactory figure. _ EXCHANGE AND MONBr. The selling rate of exchange on London" has this month been raised to ¡Jtbs per cent, on 60 days' sight bank drafts. The baying rate is i per cent discount, but there ia scarcely any medium of cover offering. In« tere at is paid by the banks at the rate of 5 per cent, on 12 months' deposits, 4 per cent.' on six months', and 3 per cent, on three months' deposits. The banks have thia month granted a slight concession on the rates of discount, having reduced the charge on four montbB' bills and overdrafts by 1 pee cent The rates now are-7 per cent on two months' and 8 per cent, on three and (our months' mercantile bills, 9 per cent, being, charged for overdraft. ÍMPOETS AND EXrOBTS., The following table gives the imports and exports of the port from the beginning of the year to the Gth inat., as compared with the corresponding period of 1876 : Week Ending Jan. 1. Jan. 8. Jrn. 16. Jan. 22. Jan. 29. I Feb. 5. Feb. 12. Feb. 10.. Feb. 20. afar. 4.. Har. 11.. Mar, l8.. Mar. 2D., April 1.. Apt» 8.. April 16.. April S2_ April 20.. -ay 0.. Totals .. Imports. 01,604 802,047 807,766 200,077 831,016 £68,110 818,017 242,642 261,666 863 864 200,640 182,104 148,800 271,847 240,482 232,254 207,806 200,037 187,760 274,473 817,228 276,463 281,031 214,480 182,848 278,870 281,718 180,240 240,616 141,263 187,646 Exports. £ 404,800 674,838 242,407 260.000 810,666 60,061 242,609 184,178 656,683 74 307 413,837 146 646 802,500 241,4811 60,839 850,621 176 864 104 036 283,118 244,815 6 026,038 I 4,405,862 1 6,518 831 75,770 207,767 878,610 100,648 07,101 £ V 604,(67' 425,687 431,930 263,103 i 611,895. 831,70t 1187,MS~ 833,954 618,662. 148,203 70,403 200,092 385,183 06,603' 67,458 190,601 271,812 161,013 187,355 Curing the first period the accounts stood.. thus : Imports .£6,026,038 Exports . - 6,613 831 Balance ot exports ovor Imports £487,793 During the second period : Imports .. _ .. _ £4 405,802 Exports __.... 5,850,106 Balance of exports over Imports £953,fc0i Comparing the above periods with each other, the resnlts are as under : Imports In 1876 ,. .. _ £5,020,038 Import« in 1876 _ _ " 4,405,863 Docreose in 1876.¿320,876 Exports In 1876 _ .. ., £6 513,831 Exports In 1876 .6,350,100 Decease In 1870 ,. .. " £154,605 STOCKS IcT BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on May 6:-Brandy, 4,736i hhd., 21,248 cases; ram, 1,712 hhd., 130 cases; geneva, 30 hhd., 28 878 red cases, 3,072 green cases ; whisky, 1.278J hhd.. 6,783 cases; gin (sweetened), 25 hhd., 5,388 coses; cordials, 1.296 cases ; spirits of wine, 83i hhd.; ? other spirits, J hhd,, 6,308 cases ; wine, 3,978 hhd., 20,495 cases ; beer, 734 hhd., 2G.5G2 cases and casks ; tobacco (manufac- tured), 305 half-tiercea, 1,056 quarter-tierces, 41 kegs, 4,073 three-quarter coxes and boxes, 4,236 cases; do., unmanufactured, 314 hhd. and casks, 60 cases, 620 bales ; condies, 168 chests, 38.724 boxes; cigars, 729 cases; kerosene, 64,837 cases ; flour, 7 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 131 packages ; cottee, 1,829 bags, 86 tierces, 162 casks, 689 barrels ; wheat, 682 bags ; chicory, 572 packages í opium, 176 packages ; oats, 4,431 bags ; hops, 697 packages; nee. 72,911 bugs, 1,414 tons: salt, 29,501 bags; vinegar, 520 casks. 2.2IÍ caseB; tea,3,990chests (380,2921b.), 69,263 half cheBts (2 403,5121b.), 38,539 boxes (309,1641b.); sugar-Mauritius, 155 baga, 3,414 pockets : Manilla, 30,067 mats ; Réunion, 17 bags, 711 mats ; Java, 4,698 bags, 32 79« baskets, 17,090 mats ; other ports, 25,506 bags, 14,414 mats ; refinery, 1,554 tons ; 290 caBes or casks. TDBLIO COMPANIES. Melbourne and Champion Bay Lead Mining Company.-An extraordinary meeting waa held in Melbourne on the 19th April, Mr. B. Benjamin in the chair. It was resolved, after discussion, by 54 votes to 44, to autho- rise the directors to place the compauy'S block No. 833, containing 300 acres of free- hold, with all its machinery, smelting works, permanent works, and plant, into anew com- pany, and invite the co operation of English capitalists. Victoria Ice Company.-The usual half yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Victoria Ice Company was held on the 27th April, at the company's offices, Franklin« street. Mr. Murray Smith, M.L A, occu- pied the chair. The balance- sheet for the half-year showed that the profit on the com- pany's business during tho summer months amounted to £1,987 8s. Sid. The affairs of the company were announced to be in a most satisfactory condition, and the usuil divi- dend was declored. Mr. W. K. Thomson was re-elected a director, and the retiring auditors were also re-elected. Colonial Bank of Australasia.-The annual, meeting waa held on the 24th April, the Hon. E. Cohen, M.L A, presiding. The» report stated-"Net profita, after deducting expenses of management, repairs to premises,, stationery, rents, rebate on bills current, ia, and allowance for bad and doubtful dette,< amount to, including the balance frora list year, £18,740 17s., which the directors pn pose to apportion as follows, viz., divident at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum on £lV 10s. per share, £10,250 ; reserve fund, £2 000; balance carried to profit and loss, new ac- count, £490 17s. Your directors invite tha co-operation of the shareholders to increase: the business of the bank, and thus add to its prosperity. During the half-year a branc- has been opened nt Horsham, in the Wim- mera district." The report and balance Bheot were adopted. Australian and Europpan Bank.-The aita / ordinary general meeting of the share- holders was held at the office, Collins street weet, on the 1st May. There was a good at- tendance of shareholders, and Mr. W. Wil« liama occupied the chair. The report ses out-" During the period embraced in tha accounts, the note circulation from £11,01 to £16,685, and the deposits from £27,712 ta £36,411, while the net profits have increase* from £243 4s. 9d. to £1,221 12s. 7çt" whioh sum, added to the amount carried forvfara from last half-year, leaves £1,56614s. 4d, aa the present credit balance of the profit antt loss account The directors have also satis- faction in reporting that, by the issue oE 10,045 new Bhares, the subscribed capital or, the bank has been increased from £129,3881« £236,658 ; and the paid-up capital from £3p.«,f 10s. to £62,672 10s. A branch of the banE, has recently been opened at Garitón, wita good prospects of success. Mr. G. W. Booaec retired from the management of the ban- aç the close of the past year, when the boara ar>; pointed in his Btead Mr. John M'Cutoheon. ¡ The report and balance-aheet were adopted. , National Bank of Australasia-The thirty fifth half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in this bank was held in the banking house, ' Collins-street, on the 1st. May. Mr. Murray Smith, M L A,' occupied wa choir, j The report stated:-"The resulS' of the business ¿or the, half-year willw - found to have been as follows, viz :-«J*, profit after deducting expenses p;,~anage-" ment, providing for bad and doubtful deb». rebate on hills discounted and not yet du»,,, interest paid and accrued »? depoata, ire-. pairs to premises, ßnd rent £¡¡6.352 !£. 8*0 «cöveredfrom debts previously written on .-M-tad'£2ftV9» 4H. . balance from previous 'bBlfwr, £5,617 18a. lOd. ; total, £62,252 OÍ '-tîbd.'dèductbank-note tax, first quarter, £765: ?-leaving for appropriation, £61,487 Oa.' 104. The tlireotorB > propose distributing thu ^txaa as follows, vlzr:-Dividend to share holders at rate of 10 per cent per annum on the paid-up capital of £750,000, £37,500; bonna to abareholdera at rate of 2 per cenf. Der annum, £7,500: in reduction of premises \- -account £10,000 ; balance to next half-year. .? £6 487 ,0s. 10d. The shareholders will . observe the special deduction in connexion \- with a note-tax, which is rendered neceasary on account of the Legislature of Victoria having recently passed an act imposing a ¿¡k. of 2 per cent on the average note cir. ¿'^lotion 0{ nil banks of ¡Bsue within that ^»"uvince." The report und balance-sheet <Stre adopted. The retiring directora, \- Jleesra. Thomas Smith and Murray. Smith, M.L.A.; and the retiring auditors, Messrs. Tnckett and Burns, were re- elected for the \- ensuing year. I City of Melbourne Bank (Limited) - The fifth half-yearly meeting of the share- holders was held in the bank premises on the 55th April Mr. Thomas Loader oooupied tbe chair, and moved the adoption of the re port and balance-sheet Ho congratulated the shareholders on the fact that a consider- able increase bad taken place in the busi \- ness of the bank in all ita branches. Their advances had gone up to £180,000, and the deposits amounted to £111,000. They had not yet been admitted into the clearing bouse, in consequence of the capital not yet »mounting to £100,000. The directors pro. pose to raise the necessary capital by a call, as they were of opinion that it waa better not to put any shares on the market until they could get a premium for them. During the post half-year Mr. John Young bad been appointed permanent manager, and Mr. C. M. Longmuir had been appointed account- ant. The report and balance- sheet were adopted. Messrs. H. B. Donaldson, John Ferguson, and John Lord Roberta were re elected directora, and Messrs. Lowry and Burua were elected auditors. WELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argus Office, Saturday Evening. In tho Import market during the past month little general activity haa been experienced, and though on occasion lorne considerable sales wera allowed to reach us, yetas a rule buBlncsahaahconatrlctly confined to supplying ordinary wanta, and complaints of dul nees karo boon very prevalent Bulk alea havo boon slow, nor can wo Bay much in favour of tho demand for bottled aieB and Moût. Dundoo gooda aro now seldom looked at In candies a very largo busi- ness haa boon done, cbkfly for export. OomonM, . chemicals, chicory, confectionery, cordage, Ash, gunpowder, hope, malt, oilmon'a atores, provision», quicksilver, &a.; call for no special cotlco. Coffee has leen marked by the arrival of tho Eunice, from . Colombo. Fruits havo como more prominently into nuilee.- Breadstuff« have been very quiet, and with- out much fluctuation. Feeding grains havo only had a moderato amount of attention. In metala, galvanisod iron and fencing wire have boen moro looked atter,but with that exception, no salea worth special reference ' have como beforo us. In oils, koroecno haa of lato been moro dealt In. Baltlalowor. Bugara havo boen moving off to a fair extout. Teaa have only had moderato trade attontion. Tobaccooa woro largely sold towards the close of tho month. Timber presenta an improving tendency. For wines a good trade de- mand haa been experienced. Brandies have im * proved. Ale and Stout.-The month haa not boen marked by anything of the slightest Importance in bulk aloa ; very little haa como forward, no apodal eales havo born tffected, and business haa hoon chiefly confined to supplying mero ordinary wants and executing trado orders. A shipment of Tennent'» waa in tho beginning of tho month Bold at about £7, and re-sale» aro now making at £710s; more favoured branda aro qulttod at £8 and £8 10a., and best branda realise £0 to £0 10s., according fo Quantity. Bottled alca have not been much Inquired for. and tho commoner brands especially having accumulated, have been found very difficult to quit unless at low ratos. . Best brands havo been Belling for trado purposes to a moderate extent, and on tho whole little change in quotation» can be reportad. Foster's Is valued at los Dei. to Ila Tennont's ia nominal at 10a., lesa 10 per cent, and 15 per cent ; no business has, how over, boen dono since the largo Bales effocted some time ago. AllBopp'a is Belling at 0s 3d. and f)j. OJ. Bass'a triangle bringa 0s and 0s. 8d. Blood's Is moving at 9s. and 0s 8d. Altkon's la quoted at 89. 3d. and 8s. Od. II'Ewan's can bo bought at 8). Sd. For Deve- nish'» 8s. and 8s 8d would not bo refusod. Jeffi'ey'a ia nominal at 7s. Od., but a good deal leal would bo taken it buyers could only be drawn out. Bottled Btouta have been In fair roquest, and Bales havo bson mado of varioua branda in tbe couree of the month, but a8 usual O'Brien's dagger brand baa occupied most attention, and a larger business than ovor baa been dono in that particular brand through tho auction mart. Edmond'» pig brand baa been quitted at 10s. 3d. for common, and 10s. Gd. for cbampagno bottles. Bales of Burke's havo been making at 10a. 3d. Fostor'a baa bren moving at 0s. ed. and Oí. Od. Haifa boar'a baa for nomo time scarcely been beard of in the mar- ket i Balee of late, howevor, havo boen mado at 9s. Sd. Blood'a has beon Boiling at Oa. and 0î. 8d. O'Brlcn'a dagger brand at ono time realised the improved rate ol 8a. 2d. to 8s. 4d" but at the mero recent Balee only Ss. OJd. and 8a. lid- could bo Set At threo auction sales an aggregate quantity of 'Aislases »as cleared off. Byass's porter Is quite negke'ed, and scarcely a ealo haa Von recorded ; we quote 8s and 8s. 3d. Jeffrey'» ia offering at 7a. Bd., sed other brands can be purchased aa low as Ga. Od. and 7a, Rigging.-The utmost Uulncss pervades Dundoo goods. Tho season for cornsacks is now quite ovor, and scarcely an inquiry is experienced, nor haa (hla bcou lu * any way compensated by an increased demand for woolpacks, which have not jet begun to ehow any appearance of cornice; into notice. Cornsacks throughout the month havo uot oven been looked at. Tho demand for S areola bas ontirely died away, and tho business one baa been confined to the execution of such trado orders as havo come forward. CiicutUa are nominally quoted at 7a Od., though, owing to tho irregularity regarding values which exists, no definite quotation canbeglvon, aa low aa 0s. Od. having bcon accepted for slightly faulty. Dundeo-mado Back», seldom In- quirid for at any time since Calcutta» have boon intro- duce! in Buûlciont quantity, aro acarcoly looked at, And the price has been nominal at 7s. ii. to 7s Gd., flight weights being quitted at as low aa 7s. Wool- packs attraot no attention ; wo quota 2a. Od. to 2s 8d , but n hen aalcfaaro tffected,a lower prico has to betiken. Bran barra aro going off quietly at 5a, Oa 3d., and 5s. Gd. QunnUa aro quoted at 6s. Gd., but the season le almost over. At about our quotation 200 bales wore clearod off a fortnight ago. Calcutta advices, reaching to 20th March, report a decline In cornsacks to 25 4r., and that 700 bales wore sold for Hr.v to August delivery. The Clngaleto cleared on 15th Varch with 878 bales gunnies. 1,030 and 700 bales respectively hid pssiod the CiiBtoma by the Amyono and the Ellen Iaabelio tor Melbourne. Woolpacks nore quoted at LJr. etch, and putato bags were offering at lGr., though a pur- chase of 50,000 had been mado at 10 8r per 100. Boola and Bhoea ha\e beon little dealt in, if tbo auc- tion eales of tho month, usually tho principal outlet for euch gooda, be taken as a criterion of tho business done. A public cale waa held as tho last mail left, when 257 packages wcro quitted, aa follona :-Infants' felt bals realised 1B. to la. 3d ; girls' kid E.S , i 0,2s to 2s. Od ; do. croquet do , 3s. lid. to 4s. 3d ; do. lovant gauntlet, 4-0, Sa. Gd to 4s.; do. kid, 7-10,8a. 8d, to ti; do. croquet, do., 5s. 2d.; do. levant gauntlote, 7-10, 5a. 3d ; do. seal balmoral», 7-10,5s. 7d ; do. kid E.8., 111, 4». Id. to 0s.; do. croquet, 11-1, 6B, Od to Ga. 8d.; do levant gauntlots, 11-1, 0A 8J. to 7a.; maids' kid E.B., bali, 7s lid.; ladles' merool E.S., 8a. Gd. to CB. Sd.; do. kid K8., M.U , 0s. to 8). 01.; do. glove kid do, Si. 2d. to 12a Gd.; do. cloth, goloshed, .63.; do. kid »Uppers, 4a. Gd.; do. calf shoes, 4s. Od. to 5». Cd ; do. glazed kid do., Ga; cork rjochB, 3-8, 4s. Cd. per dozen. But from that time until the pre- sent week no other buainoea waa allowed to transpire. On tbo 10th inst, however, a pub- lic Balo waa held, at which tho auctioneers dlipoBid of every lino offered at tho following price« :-Olrla' 4 0 kid, E.8., brought 2a. Id., 2a. '3d.; do. 7 0 lace, 3s.; do. do., E.H., Sa. 7d., 4».; do. 10-13 laco, 3s. Gi; do. do, ES., 4S 7d., 5a,; women's kid, E.8., M.U, 0s. Od., Sa Gd.; women'a almas, Ga., 7a; men's bluchers, Ga. 0J., 7a. Sd ; youths' do-, 6a.; men's E.S., Sa. Candles.-An extensive business has boon done in -lhoso goods, chiefly for export, and valuea havo boen auppoi ted exceedingly well thoughout, an improving tendency, without, however, any actual advance in prico, having been perceptible. Better ratea, propor- tionately, moreover, havo been realised for euch aa havo been takon up for other colonies, than for any Bold for local uso. Trio amount of business dono for shipment basin consequence been much larger than that for our own consumption, On one occasion no losa than C.oOO boxea wero taken up by ono buyer, and pur charca of parcels rising from 600 boxea to 1,500 boxea have boon mado since. The prico lately haa been maintained at 8d. to Sid. in bond, and only on one occasion when 71d. waa accepted for Brandon's, did wo bear ol anything under Sd. being taken. Tho local trado demand baa generally beon met from the weekly auction eales, at which sound parcels have bean placed at 10d., and faulty at »3d. to 0]d., but in addition to that, a very good demand has been exporioncod privately, which has carried 00 a considerable quantity at lOd. to lOJd. As an ovidenco of the amount of busmous done for some timo wat, we may mention that tho combined demand re- ferred to has not only absorbed the arrivals to hand, j>t teuueed stock» by one-fourth of what they wero Wv» than a year ago, the Btock in bond being now * jcM to 38,700 boxes, Victorian candios aro still pint:'if Btoadily, but sales are much moro restricted /.ai" lllc,y woro when prices wero lower, and in self \T,raco manufacturera have boon compelled to .í*nco tho prico still further. Tho Apollo Oompauy w» require OJd., leis discount, aud for Kitchon'a petroliiita a similar price la also wanted. In tbo MOO of tbia, however, at an auction salo ol 'Vic- torian mado hold this week, 8¡d. had to bo taken. Cement.-Thuro is no improvement to noto aa jet; holders and importera acarcely daro ti taco any lower rates than those which havo been quotod for ¡some timo, and there la therefore no alteration to refor lo, trado parcela of Portland being qulttod at prices »laing according to brande from lea. to 10s. On ono occasion a Uno of 500 barróla waa taken uo at 15a-, and B parcel of 200 barrels was sold by auction at 16s. Od., «at with thoso exceptions tho business done haa boon ¡IWte trifling and unimportant. Stocks are yet I« too heavy to admit of any movement, but Would 8"ppllep from England bo kept on a £m?to 8ca,° ,or a ,cw uientha longer, thoro W11 to Borne chance of improvement offered, aicantiuio, erics aa a rulo are ol a vory limited oha jacter indeed., American plaster is Btoady ; Bales aro «eakliig at 10s. to 16s. Od, at which tho markot Is firm, Eniernciiu) coming forward not being of a nature llkoly Jo doprcea vflues. Chi lulcalD.-Wo aro without anything of a favnur »Wo th»ractor to report of thoa« goods, as, being out J" sea« n. nothing of the BlIghtoBt interest is allowed *? '"¡»spire. Soda crystals havo beon in slow sale at *?» 10«, Carbonate of »oda haa beon without inquiry, JJd our quotation of 18s, is quito a nominal olio, «-»nillo soda haa been going off very Blowly, and i ¡.¡r"? have undergone no chango ; 60 per oent. la f 'n'1«- at £16 to £10, and 70 per cent, is dlepoead of ft «8 to £18 10s. Flowcra of sulphur obtain only »nesiightost attention fortrado purposoa. Wo quote &. «J0* !r«'»rio acid ii nominally valued at 2«. to .fa-no-, but scarcely any inquiry whatever la oxpe ÏIJST- ïhe mus remark appliea to cream ot tartar, Which Is quoted at If. 4d. toll. Bd, 'Prepared'opium I , ' . Wl I has benn In mndrrat« frqulryat the reduced p: ruling.f laie, 24«. to21a. öd. \- Ohico-y.-Buslneraja quiet and sales not extensi and that nntwliliHandlng that for this artlole lirescrit perlón 1» tho bist part of the year, but'o moderate trado parcels aro moving at 61-, the pi quoted last mouth. Coffee -Tho monotony, usually experienced this suplo, lias to louie extent been broken lu ui this mouth by tho arrival of the Eunice, from tombo, with an entire cargo,*and tho subsequent e of tho whole of the plantation, of which the ca principally consieted, to one bujor at about Is 1 transaction, of courso, his tended to lmpirt ad tlonal firmness to tho market, as there Is stock now hold outside the trade. For ordim requirement«, no alteration in price can reported, and a fair business is done at Is. to Is. 2Jd for plantation. Socond qualities of col aro lower, and thatfact may account for the native the cargo referred to not having been sold, but I trado circulars Issued at tho beginning of tho moi announce a reduction of a hilfponny por lb , c quitatlons being now 1B to Is Old., while Ja according to samp'c. is offered at Is. Id. to Is. IJd. Confectionery.-Thoro Is a moderato trado done Victorian made for the eupply of local wants, a assortment« are moving off at 7d. to 7Jd. For 1 ported brands thoro is scarcoly any demand, a sale such goodB bolng seldom board of. We quolo 9j for Klollor's. Candled peel Is moving off In rat parcels at from lid. to Is. 8d. Jujubes aro disposed at Is. 1 jd. Cordago -Wo report a quiet market, to which litt If any, interest la attached There is hardly anythl done locally, but a fair demand for export has bo experienced, and the buBlntss reported has bo chiefly conGncd to cxoculing ordors from tho otu colonies and elsewhere Values aro still wo'l eu ported, and no chango of the slightest conBcquen has been recorded. Best Manila liomp made Victor! ropo Is quitted at £60, whilo sizes undor Un. rcill 8d. per lb. Second quality of this material continu to realise £53 for largo alzo, and 7d. por lb. Is obtain for Binall. Flat ropo is scarcely noticed, and now th tho winter is approaching, it Is not likely that mu will bo done for some timo to come; wo quo £72 to £84 according to size. Kow Zealand II. ruado rope has not been much dealt in ; ti advanco In prico lu likely to militate against any gre Inquiry springing up. Kopo Is going on? very slow at £42* Lines and cordago are disposed of at 5d. p Ib., Manila lashing is quoted at £56, while Mc Zealand lashing Is worth £40. Beaming twines a disposed of at Is. l|d. Shop twines are quotel : lrom lOd. to l8. Id. Mow Zealand flax Is in very Bho supply ; we have not of late heard of any eales. V quoto £25. Fish.-Business for some time past has been vei quiet, and sales unimportant, tho merest trado li qulry only, which slnco Lent has pasaod has been < tho most trilling oharaeter, having been oxperloncei Trado sales of ling aro making at old. Wlilto liorrlni in half-barrels are quitted at 80s. A shipment of k1 »as dlepoeed of early In the month at 11s. to 23 Red hemngs in tins have been selling all the mont at 83s. Ono-pound tins fresh herrings were quitte publicly as low as 7s 3d., but privately the quote ti ii has stood at 7s. Gd. to 78 01. Oao-poun salmon has not been much looked after, and wo li» had no large sales reportod for somo time. Wo quot 0s 4Ju. to 0s 66. for ordinary trade lot), bl parcels could not bo pla'ed at over 0s ljd. to OS 8c Hardlnes at one time attracted eoneldo able notlci but there has beon less doing during tho past forl night. Halves are quoted at 8s Bd. to 8a. 4id , an quat torB at 4s. Od. to 4s. lOJd. One pound oysters ar moving at 8s. to 8s. 3d., and lobsters bring 0a. 6<L t LU. Od. Fruits.-A very considerable business baa beel done In curra ts. Numerous Baloo have bee effected, and the demand having boen contlnueu throughout, a largo quantity bas in tho aggregat been disposed of at our quotation of 6Jd. Raising howover, havo not been so much looked after, ani only a very moderate business has beon dono Elemo aro going off quietly at GJd , but at auction a con elderable parcel was sold at Gd. Valencias arcsaleabl at Did. Capes, of which there Is little or no stock arc merely nominal at G4d to Gd. Sultanas are sell eg at 8¿d. Muscatels are quoted at le. Figs an quitted at 8jd. Dried apples are moving off quletl; for trade purposes, and 8d. to 8M. Is wanted. Flour and Grain.-Tho market for breadstuffe hal been exceedingly quiet throughout tho month, aot very little fluctuation has been experienced ; a docllm of a penny or twopence per bushel on wheat, and 2s. Gd. per ton on nour was tho outside, and during tho last day or two every appear ance has been presented of this being recover« again. Buppllosfrom tho country districts haveshowc a great falllng.off, the quantity received this week being only a fifth of what carno forward per week e mouth ago, and this of itsolf has bad tho effect ol keeping values very 0rm, as It is clear that il supplie! had been on the samo scale as formerly, and balee wore in any way pressed, a very considerable fall would havo to bo submitted to. The quautlty placed on tho market for Bale during the last fortnight has been of tbo most trilling description, and the sales effected, both privately and by auction, have been lo equal proportion, though a very much larger quantity could havo boen taken off bad supplleB boen at all ample. Thore le, howovor, a largo amount of wheat In atoro unBold, which will bave to bo brought forward some day. Shortly after the la't mall left tbo prico of wheat, previously quoted at 6s. Od to 5s lOd , droppod to 5s. 8d., at which It remained until this week, when svmptoms of greater firmness woro evincod, and tho prico now has RODO up to 5s. Od and 5s. OJd., at which Biles havo lately been made. Notwith- standing that, howovor, the market Is still vory tender, aod were large parcels Buddonly forced off a de- cided fall would have to bo submitted to, so that much care and caution has to bo exorcisod In couso quenco. Tho position of the Adelaide market, tho firmness ovlnCQd thero, and the' rapid manner In which they are getting quit of their surplus Btoek, has had a vory favourable eSoct hnro In ro lioving the acxiottos of those who doprecatod a reduction in value, tho price having risen from 4s. 7Jd. quoted last month to 4s 0}d. and 4s. lOd., which has been the quotation ruling Blnco our last. ? Owing to tbo breakdown of tho cables, not only at Fort Darwin, but also on the Penang side, wo havo been completely shut out from any European news, but tho last quotation of wheat, which was up to the end of M-vrch, was 52s. to 63s. per quarter. Flour baa In Uko manner maintained a steady quotation at £12 to £12 5s.: this week, how- ever, a declino of 2s 6d. has boon suffered, and closing quotations do not exceed £12 to £12 2s. ed. Suppllos for the year since January have been received from the country districts to the extent of 183,717 bags of wheat and 27,420 bags ol flour. To tho same period last year we received 140,010 bags wheat, and 40,000 bags flour, showing a difference lu favour of tho present yoar, when reduced to whoat, of 20,270 bags. Tho Government agricultural statistics, just published, (how an Increase in tho yield of wheat of 128,770 bushels, and In that of oats of 608.183 bushels, over last J ear. Feeding grains havo shown little activity; and though the price of oats, owing to tbo demand experienced fir seed, as well as milling qualities, improved greatly, yet during tbn post fortnight much dulness has again pre- vailed, and 2d. at least of the previous rise has since been li Bt Borne time ago, nothing in the market under 3a. was to be met with, even common and dis- coloured realised this figuro. Now, howovor, It Is ecaicely rwtmule to sell euch qualities over 2s Od to 2s. lOd. Goodtou.ediumfocdeoinmands3s.to89 2d ¡stout feeding bring up to 3s. 4d ; and sales of Uno milli nu havo been making at 8;. 5d. to 8s. 5}d. At one time it was thought thal large supplies would come from New Zea- land, out the tannera thute have boen sodlssatlsfled with the prices going hore aa to rotuse to look at any offors from Melbourne bu)crs, aud very little has In conse quenco como forward as yet, notwithstanding tho ox te it of their harvest. Maize átono timo roäoto 6s. 2Jd., subsequeotly receded to 4s. 5d to 4S. Od., and after that had a sudden fall again to 49., at which It now Blands, with anything but a Btro.ig or a brisk market. Barley has been very slow ; little has been doue In malting ; good has boen sold at 6s to 6s. 3d., and Inferior at 4B. 8d_; feeding sorts havo boon selling at Be. id. to 8B. Cd. Bran has beon quitted at Is Od.; ard pollard has beensold at Is. 4d. to Is Ed. Victorian made oatmeal haB been selling at £22, and pearl har- ley at £20 ; Imported bas beon sold by auction at £ 6. Furniture.-A parcel of American chairs was sold on Friday, tho 28th ult, when an Invoice of 230 cases Hey- wood Brothers and Co.'8 make reallsod tbo following prices :-Common wood Beat brought 2s 4Jd. to 2s. 2d. each ; Franklin nurse, 13B Od. each ; astor Grecian, wove scat, 4s. 7d ; do. arm, 4s Gd. each ; sptndlo Grecian, Es. Id ; crown-top dining, wove scat, Gj. lOd. each ; cane back rocking, wovo seat, 14s. Gd : child's wood table, 2B. lid. each ; child's wood rocking, 2s. 6i. each ; child's wood low, 2s. lOd to29. 7d ; child's wood holo, 2s. Od. each ; medallion rocking, 20s. each ; cane back rocking. 15s Gd. each ; bent pillar barroom, 6s. each ; Eureka wood, Os. each ; child's wood table. 2s. Gd. Gunpowder --Blasting powder has not Improvod In any way, and onl? the most ordinary trade demand has been experienced. Mo Bpoclal silos havo boon reported, but transactions havo beon most limited throughout. Quotations, on the vvbolo, may bo con- sidered to novo remained unaltoicd. Ball's has boen telling quiotly at 6Jd. Of KaitncB', which we quoto at Gd , thero ia no stock In tho market. Othor brands rango from 5d. to 5 jd. Hops havo not shown tho Blightcst buoyancy. Con- trary to lait year's cxpoilooco, tbo demand, altor the first novelty attending tho arrival of tho now at market, fell oil, and only tbo moBl trilling sales havo been making The yield has boon too abundant, and the prospect for tbo opening season at the commença ment of spring is not so promising, as to induco spe- culators to como forward, and consequently, os supplies for Immediate wants are not rcqulrod, sales throughout hove boon of the moat tilfling character possible and a drop of at least 2d. per lb on the trade quotations of last month moBt bo noted. Koma, of which tbo ox trcmo quotation for trado purposes Is not now moro than le. 8d., havo been Bold in parcels at ls.7d. for best, and <vo quoto la. 'Bd. to Is. 6d. for inferior to medium. TasmaniaT havo boon Belling vory slowly at Is. 7d. to IB. 8d. for best samples, whllo l8 tul. to la. Gd. would bo taken for parcels. Common qualities have boen quitted at le. 3d. to Is. ii. Thoro has been nothing dono In tho superior branji, for which previously such extreme rates wero paid, and theeu quotations have now becomo a thing of tho post. Bavarian have been sold at la Od. to le. 8d. Malt ha» boen without Interest. Â trado domand on)} has been experienced, and small pa.-cols meroly bave found buyers at 10a. Gd. to 10s Od., whllo 11s has beon realised for exceptional lois of suponor quality. Metals-Tho market generally has boon very slow, rnd with tbo exception of a steady demand for gal- vanised Iren inquiries havo been languid,and saloa ti 1111 cult to make Fig iron l8 quoted at £412s Od. to £4159,, but Blnco the sales reported last month, few large lines havo boon placod. Trade lots howover, havo been moving at £4 16K. Galvanlsod iron has buen going oil very steadily. Ordinary brands of English have been Boiling at £28 to £20 for 20 gatigo. while sales of beBt brands havo boon reported at £J0 10s. Outeldo brands havo beon qulttod at auction, whon 6ft-, Oft, and 7ft, we sold at £27, 8ft. at £27 16s., and Oft. ot £2010s. Bar and rod iron havo remalnod atoady at £11 to £12 10s., but only small lots havo beon got rid of. Plato Iron la going off quiotly at £11 to £13. Sheet ¡ron has been in moderato request at a shade better rates. Nos. 8 to l8, assorted, are now quoted nt £14, whllo Nos. 20 to 20 command £17. Hoop iron IB exceedingly slow and nogloctod. holders ask £12 10B. and £13, but thoro Is llttlo doing now that tbo wool season is over. Fencing wire, Blnco tho breaking up of the drought, has boon much more Inquired for, and sales to a considerable oxtent havo been making all the month at £1610s., £17 10a., and £18 109 , for Nos. 0, 7. and 8 In ono mstanco a ship- ment of 100 tons was latoly sold to arrlvo at our quo- tations ; and numerous sales of Bpot parcols have also boen effected. Sheet lead baa been going off at £28 ¡ and shot has also been quitted at £43. Tho valuo of tin plat's baa droppod down to English cost ; thoro Is llttlo Inquiry privately, and some largo parcels aro now bet Inning t° "0 disposed of through the auction room. On Wednesday, 20th ult., an Involco of about 1,300 boxes was oloared off as followB :-410 bolos Orornfolln coko tin plates, IO, 20 x 14 brought 24s. 8d per box ; 41 do. do., IX, do, 81s. do. ; 20 do. do., IXX, 821\. do.; 500 do. charcoal do., IO, do. 20s. Gd. to 20s.; 200 do. do, IX, do, 85s. to 85a. Od.; 100 do. do., IXX, do. 44s. do ; and this week 1,106 boxes, damaged, wera disposed of. Munta metal'ts'BUll quoted at M., but there Is little or i,(i ". ' nothing-to rormrt In lb« war of »ales Ewbank'» nail aioaaleabloatlO percent, ou list price Frunch nail «re «tiling at 28s, and Amerton nails aro offering a 16s ; triquines for tho latter, however, aro of llttl «count American hardware lain fall supply; onie havo" been maklug. but to no great extent Bualnos in Collina'» and 8h»rpo's he»vy axe» ha3 como bet »r u« at 70«. Collins'» heavy picks bring 62*. Amee' ?hovels commaud CO». Day's D.D. shovel», Sflu t £01",, aro moving quietly at 40». other makers, aim BI70, bring 40a. to 42«. Bollowaro ha» boon v,r scarce, and sales have been reported at 17J por cent Oils havo aa a rule been quiet, and until this wool eve n kerosene has beou neglected, ol which nothing bu tho merest trade eales woro making during the earlle part of tho month. Dovoo's brilliant baa ruled at la ta. Diamond has Leen nominal at 1s id , but t< tffect oven trado eales of this brand Is SJd has h« to bo taken. Toward», the close of last week a »pBcula tlvo purchaso of 16.O00 cates diamond waa made bj ono boyer on private terms. Tilla Bale comprises thi onliro balance In the hands of a lartro holdor, A parco of 1,700 CiBca was also sold at la. 3jd. Tho Lightning haa arrived this week with 10 000 caaos. Of UVCBO aboul 2,000 case» bavo boon sold, to land, at la. 6d , anc about 8,000 casoa otherwiso havo boen quittée1 of the eamo brand. Uceare, Arkell, Tufts, anc Co/a Mow York Circular to 18th March has boon ro ctlvod, which report» tho departure of tho Hormann, for Sj dnoy, and tho Argosy, for Now Zoaland ; the Favorite, leaving In March tor Molbourno, had 20.00C cases. Six vessels woro loading for tho colonies. Castor oil h«a Bhown littlo activity ; trifling aaloa luve been reported at 3s. 8d , duty paid, but to quit parcele ICBB would bavo to bo takon. Unseed is worth 3a 7d. In drums, and commanda 3s for bulk. Oolzi ia sell- ing at 4s Od. in drum», whilo in cask .is. ia obtained. Olivo is going off slowly, but quotations aro well sup- ported, and 5>. 8d In drumB Is required, whllo 4s. 0d. is wanted for bulk. Chinóse la moving at 4s and Polar I» valued at £38. Oilmen's stores havo not been marked by much ani- mation ; tbo demand bas been limited to moetlug ordinary wanta, and Boldom baa anything Uko entire invoices been taken up. Quotations havo Bhown no changa Tho followiug aro tho ratea ruling for the principal ltcma :-Pickles ha» o been moving al 8i 9d. to 0s Od., and 10s 3d to 12». Gd ; assorted bottlod fruits aro sold at 12a ; and black currants bring 13s. S»lad oil in quarts baa found buy era at lBj. to 22» and 21s.; pints aro felling at 10» to 12». Gd , and half-pint bring Bs. Od. to 7s Gd. Castor oil Is moving at 0». in half-pints, wlnlo halves aro quitted at Ga. Baucoa range from 6s. to 12s. Capera aro sold at Ga to 7s. Column's mustard, lu71b. tluB, ü'ids purchasers at Bid. Ono pound tins bring 10a 3d ,and half pound tina Bell at 5» Od Keen's D.S F. mustard la disposed of at l8), in found tins and 10s in half-pound tina. Whito starch ia»alcabtoatß}d.,and blue starch realises OJd. Thumb blue brings lid. and Hld. Sago la quitted at 2Jd. Macaroni and vormicolll aro quoted at 9Jd. and lOd, Vi hito peppor in retail lots commands 8d. to 8rd., and black pepper realises Gd. Provisions- A good busineaa haa boon done in colonial butler, and vory full ratea havo beon obtained all the month, supplies not being up to requirements ; la Id. to Is 2d. baa boen the ruling price throughout. Cheese baa also obtained a fair amount of attention, and salea bave been making at from 8jd. to SJd. for any thing good. Vlctorian-curod bacon and barns bave not, however, gono off so freely ; tho former has been quitted at Sid. to OJd., while the latter havo been sell- ing quietly at lid. to Is. Quit kBlfver -We have nothing of interest to refor to Only a trade Inquiry of the most ordinär; do», crip'ion has been maintained, and any sales offectod hbve beon at 8a. 20. to 8s. 4d. Hice.-Previous to the mall's arrival, a fair business wa» done in Patt a, about 350 tona ox Haddington, sent round from Adelaide, woro takon up in 50 to 100 toa parcels at £15, in bond, after which the trado prico waa reduced to £15 10s. by ono holder, while oilier» re- quired £10 to £10 10s.; tho duty paid prico at same time bas ruled at £10 to £20 10/. Calcutta advlcoa to 20th March bavo reached by this mall. The Cin- galese, which cleared for thle port on 10th March, had 14,000 inga ; 13,000 bags Patna are to como forward by tho Amyono, and 8,000 bag» hy tho Ellon Isabella Beeta rico was quoted at 8 0 Or, but there wr-s little doing. Tblainfoi matten has acted unfavorably on the markot, and on Tuesday, tho Oth Inst., «hen 3,000 bags, ex Haddington, wero offered for salo publicly, only £14 could bo got for about 80 t-ma. Tbo remainder was sold privately tbo following day at a aimliar price. Dressed rice baa boon moving off at unaltered ratea. Java dressed commanda £20 10a. to £21 10s, whllo Bangkok and Bangoon dressed aro quoted at £18 to £10 10». WO havo datos from Balgon to 10th March, and from Baugkok to 29th Fobruary. On the fiOth of tho latter month tho Formosa had saiiod fn m Bangkok for Mclboumo with a cargo of SOO tona rice Bait haa been very depressed for no actual MUBO whatever, unless the extremely duli stato of trado goneraily bo coneidercd a Buflicient rcaaou. No Inquiry for largo Unca bas been experienced, and only Bmafl lots have been moving, tho demand proving insuffi- cient to support prices, which, after Ino departure of tbo last mail steamer, declined to 76s. for coarse Liver- pool, and 77s. Gd for fine-a drop of fully 5s.; whilo thla week at auction, 70s waa accepted for coarse ,and 78s. for Ono. We have not hoard of entire shipments having been quitted, and it ia questionable- now what prico can bo got for auch linea Fine London atoved ia moving at 96s. to 97a. Gd. Advicca regarding ship- ments havo for Borne timo back been v ery favourahlo ; by the mall just arrived, however, they are again ad- vised in excess. Slatca.-Wo report a fair trado domand, and prices are wt-U supported Several entire luvofcea havo also changed bands during tbo month at full rates. Stocka ou band aro heavy, and wero it not for that prices must hav o advanced, in ro3ponso to tho continued riso which baa taken place in the homo market. Ship- ments advised aro tully up to requirements Arrivals during the month amount to about 200 000. Quota- tloiiB aro unaltored ; 24 x 12 command £19 ; 22 x 12, £17 ; and 20 x 10, £1410s. to £16. Sugar.-Outaido of the bueinoea dono in Victorian refined descriptions, a very duli month has boen ptstcd, chiefly and untirely owing to the want of supplies of Mauritius and other descriptions, of which Btocks bato boen very much reduced, and scarcely anything has come forward from Port Louis to make upthedeficioncy. For Victorian refined, bow over,agood ti ade demand lias beon maintained, in addition to which a lino of 200 toua was takon up by ono buyor, at which period it waa thought that a much larger qum tlty was likely to bo moved off in such lines, but be- yond what wo havo reported, nothing further waa dono. Tbo aggrogato Ba ca of company's augar for the month anioui t to 1,300 tonB, ano tho prices realised havo ranged from £30 to £30- In other deacriptlona the following transactions havo been reported. On Tuesday, the 18th utt-, busincsi for the month opened out bv tho saio of 800 bags privately, wbon yellow counters wero sold at £80, and yollow browing crystals wero placed at £32 Under tho hammer, on Thursday, tho 20th, tho Questcmborl'a shlpmont waa submitted to competition, when 9,001 bags Java yel- low counters, damaged and In faulty condition, wore disposed of at 26s. to 20s not. Privately, sales of medium whito augar» wero also mentioned at 81»., aid of brewb-g crystals at up to 8BS. On the 21st tho cargo of Mauritius, per Emily, waa offered, and out of tho 8,8t/i bags which comprised tho ship- ment tho auctioneers succeeded in disposing of 6,191 bags, at 25B. lor good brown, 20s. Gd. tor low, 27s. Gd. for medium, and 20s. fur solt yollow counters, 80». Gd. for grainy jolloe, 31a. Od. for brewing crystals, 83». Gd. for fine grey counters, and 31:» for good whito. Privately eome 600 bags wero quitted at 20a Gd. for good yellow to 82» Gd. for Gno light yellow counters. Via Aden, telegrams from Poit Loula wore recoived at this time to 31st March, which had the effect of making the markot firmer and bardo .log value» Tho same week advanced rate» wero established. A lino of SOO bago waa taken up on tho 21ih at 32a, and other parcel» woro quitted at up to 32» Od ; 610 bags damaged, ox Nlcolfno, were cleared off by auction at £26 6B. to £84. On Tuesday, 25th, moderato míos wero reported at £80 for yellow and £34 10a for mlddlli g white. On Wednesday, 20th, a few hundred bagB wero again disposed of at £30 tor yollow to £34 10s for middling white», and £30 has beon paid for fino whites. On Thursday, tho 27th, signs of im Erovemcnt wero moro ovldent. A parcol of 400 ae», ex Emily, was resold at an advance of 20s. on Ino prico realised at tho auction salo of that csrgo Fino yellow brewing sugars woro disposed of at £33, and fine vvhltea were qulttod at £85. On Monday, tho l8t inet,, tho damaged portion of the Paplllon'a cargo, 1,081 bags, waa cleared out, wbon prices were obtained rialng from £24 to £20, and £81 10s. to £32 5s net. On Tues- day, 500 bags wero Bold privately, when floe brewing crystal» brought £«3 10a. and good white» £35. On Wednesday, tho 8rd, about 1,000 baga, chiefly medium whito Mauritius, changed hauda on pilvato terms. About GOO baga were also dis- posed of at £27 10? for browT to £3010s for grainy yellows. 500 bags Eopcranco yellows wero llkowleo placed at £32 On Friday, tho 6tb. wo reported tho quittance of about 600 bagB yollow browing crjBlals at 31s. Gd.; 600 bags othor aorta, forming balances of various shlpmonts, have also been cleared out at full rates. On Monday, the 8th, 800 baga da- maged, oxEmily.woro cleared off atupto82». On fuoe dav, the 0th, at auction, yollow MaurltiuB criatala re- alised £2016s , and low y ellow counters £2810?. to £29. Privately, about GOO bags woro placed at £31 to £15, according to quality. On Wednesday, tho 10th, 700 boga wero quitted at £27 for good browne to £85 for whites ; and on Thursday 700 bags browing crvBtala wero disposed of. Tea.-During the month tho arrlvala havo booa ; April 29-M.S. Quecnaland, from Foo-chow, via Hong Kong, 8,948 packages; and steamers from Bydnoy, 1,021 package» Several large clearing auction Bales bavo been bold, amounting to 8,370 packages, the principal part consisting of low to fair medium kinds. The market muBt bo reported a littlo easier for all grade», especially for the lower cougoua. The small fihlpments that havo arrlvod from Bydnoy havo been disposed of satisfactorily. Choleo scontcd orango po koes aro Belling at full rates. Common Canton gun powdora havo not altered in value. Quotations ..-Con- gous-Dust and alf tinga, 7Jd- to 8 Jd. ; Drokon to leafy, 8jd.to91d ; ioafy to common, lOd. to lid.; common to good common, lid. to l8.; good common to flavoury, la. OJd. to IB. Id.; flavoury to medium, la. 2d. to la, 3d.; medium to good, la. ii. to Is. 6<L; good to fino, la. Did to Is. GJd ; lino to finest, la. 7Jd. to Is Od.; choleo, IB. lOd. to 2B ; S O, Pokoo, flnoat Foo- chow, la. 8d to 1B lOd ; Canton common, lOd. to Is. Id.; S. espora, Canton common, lOd. to la.; Foo- chow, la 8d. to Is. Od.; oolongs Ano, le. Gd. to la. 8d.; gunpowder, Canton common, 10d.; fino, Is. Gd. to 1». Od. Timber.-TranBnctlonB during the prcsant month havo been as unimportant aa ovov, chiefly owing to tho fact Uiat holdore bavo refrained from prenlng eales, and in conaequonco, tho trado were oilowod to run very low for many linea. Tho result of thla waa aeon at the lost sales of T. and Q., when in many liiBtonccs an advanco of la. per 100ft waa realised. Wo report tho following business :-On Friday 21st ult,, ox CrcBt of tho Wavo, 8,081 pieces 0 x8 red doala, D brand, roallBod 4Jd. to 4Jd per foot ; ox Seboilboy, 20 looa codar, 27a. por 100ft aupor.; ox Exmntnor, 45 log» cedar, 26s. 8d- to 20s. ; ox Etta Lorlng, 48,000ft. clear pine brought £18 to £17 10a. cor 1 OOOit. ; 18,000ft. carpontor'a cloar, £14 16s. to £17 per 1000ft. ; 25,000ft. eholvlng. £11 to £112a. Gd. per 1,000ft, Ex, Europa-22,000It. white pino realised £0 per 1,000ft, Ex Mystic Bollo-16,000f r, epruco flooring woio qulttod at 0J. Bd por 100fr, lineal. Ex Nicoleiio-1,308 red deals and battons, damaged, soldat from Sid. to 4ä<L per foot 0x8. Ex Akbar, 8,868»t 2In. cloar pine were placed at £10108.; ox Samar, 8,000ft, 2ln. to 2Jln. carpontere' clear, at £16 2B. Gd. ; 14 492ft. T and O whito pino, planed one eldo, at £1016s. to £1017a. Gd ; 11,643ft. T and O whito pine, planed both Bldos, at £11 68 ; 5,000ft. Bholving, under 12ln, at £10 2B. Gd. : 12,600 4ft, Bpruco latha, at 10a. Gd por 1,000 ; 07.600 4Jft do., at 208 8d. to 20s. Od. do. ; 27,000 4fl pickets, at £810a. do ; ox Chattanooga, 84 OOOit Sjtn.xllln, 61n. X IJln., and Oin. x lilli., at from £10 6a to £12 17a. Gd. per 1,000ft ; or Agnoa JCBSIO, 16,000 6ft. Hobart Town palings, at7fl per 10O. On Tuesday, the 26tb, the Balea ehowod a decided Irrprovoment on doala. Kx Lock Eck, all faults, 1,038Til x 8 red deals, DDD brand, brought 5d. per foot of 0 x 8 ; 2,878 9 x 3 do, 6|d. do. -Onftlday,tho6th,oxBajroAr,12,0001t 2ln. oloarpmo .old at from £1417«. Od. to £lfl 17s. Gd. per 1,0001t. super ; 7,600ft, 2,in. do., at £1610a. to £17 2s. Gd do ; 2,000ft. Mo. do., at £10 2a. Gd. to £17 (Sa do J 7.000ft. «Ja. and 4}ln., at £16 to £17 6«. do.; 18,822ft. Bpruco T. udO.. planed one side, at £8 2& Gd. do.; 201 doors, T.W.C, 2-10x0-10x1}, DU. «I 109. Od.; BW do., 2 8 r 6-8 x 1, rio , at from 16s 3d. to 16». ed.; 102 do., 2 6 x 6 S x 1} na, at l8». Od.; 341 do., 2 10 x 6-10 x II do, atfrinil,(. Bd to l8» Od : 60 doorB, 8 P b, 3^0 x 7 0 x 1} do , at 10a Od.; 50 do., 2-10 x 6 10 x I] dd *t 19s. 8d ; 176 do., 2-8 x 6 8 x 1| do., at 16'. 61: 75 do , 2 8 x 6-8 x li do. at 15s 6d. to 16s Od.; 250 do , 2-6 x 6-6 x 1J do , at 13s »d. Ex Akbar, damai-od. a I latilis, 46 doors various Bizes, at 11s Gd Ex Firing Ragle, 10,9 6 oak spokes, at 3d On Tuosday, the 7th, tx Uliclimim and Otago, l.SOO.OOOft Norwegian T and O. timlvor.'sotd at for 6 x 1J red, 13s Od. to 13B 8d per 100ft lineal ; 4 x1} do brought 10s Gd do ; 6 x % do., 10s Od to 10s CJ do Ox i red plain, 7s Od. d' ; 0 x J do. beaded, 8s do ; 6 x 11 white. 12s 3d do; 6xJ do, 10a Od.do; 6x î do , 8«. 61 do;flx _ do , plain, 8s to 7B Oil do ; 0 x J do., beaded, 8a. Od. to 8e 3d do. Ex Frank I'endleton, 18,000 rod denis and battens, realised from 6d 0-l6ihB to 6J1 per foot, 0 x 3 ; avid 1,000 pieces damaged red deals, at from 2jd to8Jd. per foot, 0x3 Ttbpccocs have not been particularly markod by animation. Nevortholcss, somo vory coiiBlderablo parcels wcro cleared off tho market both prlvatoly and 1 > auction towards tho closo of the mooth A ftlr de- mand fur export has boon experienced, but tho local trado demand for foreign tobaccoca has not boon aetlvo, OB colonial mado Is now gottlrtg such a hold of tho buvera. The following Eales will show tho courso of the market;-On Triday, tho 21»t ult, some 305 packages wore offorcd publicly, but tho bidding picving unsatisfactory, only 63 packages woro di«, posed of, at 7d. to Od. for lots In faulty condition During tho following week, soveral unsuccessful attenpts wero mado to quit slock. In the course of the week succeeding that, howovcr, somo largo trans- actions wero carried through. Cameron's agonts then reportod having beon cleared out of all tho Haven twist in thoir hands. 800 packages of Childrey's goode, comprising twists, navies, and tons, woro llko vvieo tako up for another colony. Tho attempt to Bell at auction during tho Earoo week, howovcr, did not prove BO successful. On Wedncsdoy, the 3rd Inst, 333 packages Cameron's tobaccoca wero offered, but tho auctioneers only succeeded In disposing of 132 packages, at prices ranging from la. 2d. to Is. iofcd. On Wednesday, the 10th hist, 822 packages Chil- dren's tobaccaee wero cleared off publicly. Sound twiBt brought 1B 23d ; light pressed tobacco realised 1B 7_d. and Is lid ; fancies wcro quitted at01 to 13d.; willie tho faulty portion was got rid of at Od. to Is. Our trade quotations aro-common and medium tens gd. to lod , good Is to lid , and floe to beBt IGJd. to 18Jd- TwlBte, common to modium, rulo at la to 14d , goou to best bring ]0Jd to lDjd. Navhs, medium and good, realise Is. to 16d , Uno to best 100. to 1B. 8d Ormond Swiss cigars range from 35s. to 37B 6d ; cheroots and Havannah-shapod Manilla command 65s. to 60s. German cigars realiso from 85s. to ^Os. Hamburg-mado aro quoted at from 85B. to 2009. Havannah cigars aro quoted at £12 upwards. Wines and Spirits.-A moderate trade demand has been experienced for wines. Bborries, however, have not been so much noticed as ports. Of the former, talca bavo been made at £25 to £35, £12 to £55 acd £00 to ££0 ; »hilo ports bavo been quitted at £18 to £20. and up tn £40, to £50, £60, and £84, sales being mado at all Intervening rates. Forrester's Is much wanted, but Buppllea have all boen cleared out some time ago. Ohampagiios have gono off steadily. Common brands bavo beon quitted at 80s to 409., medium at 00s. to 84s., and best brands have beon tolling at 05s. Brandies bavo Improved coneldouuly In tho course of tho month-the moat Important riso baa beon in Bonncssy's ; sales of '74 vintage having been made at 7s. 4 Jo. to 7a. (k1,, and the latter figure Is now wanted. Only trade satos, however, have been made, the price being too high to admit of largo parcels being quitted. Wo uudorstand, however, that offers of 7s. 8d. bavo boon submitted for tbo '75 vlnlego, to arrive. Of Martoll'a 1874 palo, equal to 60 bbo. found a buyer at 6s. Gd., and tho balance of tbo stock hold baa slnco been withdrawn from tho market. A parcel of '72 vlntago has alBo been taken up at 7a Sd., and wo learn that 7s. Gd. ts now wanted. Martoll'a dark 1874 la moving at 6s. Od. Otard's has boon firmly hold for 6s. Od. Denis Mounle's brandy has boan selling at Gi. 9d. This brat d Is vory much like!. Champagne Vlnoyards is sel- ling at 5s Od. to Cs. Marett's commands Ga. Jules Robin and Co's is north 5s. Cd. to 5s Od ; about 60 hhds of this brand, vintage 1872, wore quitted at 6B. BlEqult Dubouché's commands 5a. Gd Sales of La Orando Marquo are making at 53. Gd. Olozoau's is offering at 5s. lid Central and Associated Vineyards aro quoted at 4s Od to 6s. Of the Centrals, however, a Uno of 400 quarters cliangod hands at a considerable conecesion on the quotation glvon above. The reduction in Btock which has becu going on all through tho year has nuw become most marked. Bulk, which haB been reduced jearly one-half, figures at 4,736 gvllons, caso bolng nut down at 21,243 cases. The demand for this lattor hae boon good, and Henneesy's has Improved from 80a 8d. in the beginning of the month to 80a. Gd. at the closo. MartoU'e has been going, though not very freely, at 28s. 01 Denis Mounle's, wo note Bales at 280 6d. Otard la wanted, aud 249. can bo got, Marett's 1B firm at 23s. Olbor brands range from 17s. to 21B. Genova lo without any special Inquiry. Trado sales aro making at l8«, and 13;. Od for 16 and 20 bottle caeos JLlKZ Key brand commands Ile. 8iL and Ile Oil. respectively. Kum, 10 nor cent, Is Belling at 8s. 4id for beat brands. Lowndcs'a and Twiss and Browning's command from 3s. lid. to 8s. 3d. ; there Is no buaincBB reported In these latter brands, but our quotation can be realised. Whisky commands more attention ovcry day Sales aro making, according to quality, at from 4s. Od. to 5s. 8d. and 5s. Gd. to 69 Sir li. Burnott's old tom brings 139. MONTHI/X WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE EEPOBTS. Moeers. R. QOLDSWIOOOH and Co. report : Wool.-This being the dull soison of tho year, there Is scarcely any business doing, the total saloa for tho mooth being obout 600 bales, consisting chiefly of odd lois and Bmall parcels of scoured. Frlcos remain about the Bamo as lost month. ' The uutatiefactory advices «spooling tho London March and April Bales bavo bad a depressing effect on shippers, the reduction being unexpected. It ia, how- ever, evident tbat trado IB In an unsottlod state, owing to tbo lefesoned demand for manufactured goods, and tho heavy supplies of wool which are available contri- bute to prevent any upward tendency lovaluo Wo ti uat, however, that as tbo year advances higher rates will rulo, though wo cannot at present seo an Imme- diate prospect of improvement. Our American advlceB report unfavourably of tbo position of tbo woollen lnteicstln that country, and the largely-augmented yield which Is available this season from 0_lfurula crntrtbutis to malntrin a low rango of quotations for tho law material. Tho New Tariff Bill has not made any progress as yot, but It 1B oxpectcd that a con- siderable modification of the present duties will bj adopted. During the month rains have fallen ovor alargo aroa of country, and the feed has becomo more abundant, but the downfall has not as yet been gonoral. How- ever, tbo usuel heavy winter rains will probably soon Bet in, and thus fill tho crooks and dams, and render tbo rivers navigable During the past 10 days there have been good rainB over a large portion of Riverina, abo this colony, and the new gras.- and herbage will materially Improve tho prospects for lambing; but generally, tbo Incroaso seemB llkoly to bo bolow the avcrago, tbo owes being frequently lo rathor low con- dition owing to tbo scarcity of feed. The following snipe have cleared for London during tho month willi wool on board :-April 2b, Rivers- dale, from Melbourne to London, 1,731 bales; April 30, Newcastle, do , 707 do ; May 6, Hampshire, do., 718 do; May 7, Cardigan CaBtlo, do ,1,674 do.; May 12, Clovelnnd, do., 1,474 do ; total, 6,204 ; add pre- vious Bhltmcnts, 280,723 ; total. October 1, 1876, to dote, 206,017 do.; total, October 1, 1874, to Ootobor 1,1876, 288,237 ; Increase, 7,780 do. PriccB Current.-Grcasv-Inferior, Od. to 8d.; ord! nary to avorago, 8d. to lOd ; good to superior, lOd. to Is Flecco, Washed-Inferior, la. Id. to Is. 8d. ; ordinary to average, l8. 4d. to Is. Od. ; average to good, Is. Gd. to le. 8d. ; superior, Is. lOd. to 29 Scoured-Inferior, lOd. to Is. 2d. ; ordinary, Is. 2d. to la. 4i) ; middling to good, la 4d. to Is. 8d. ; superior, le Sil to Is. lid. Tallow.-At our weekly sales wo havo Bold DOO caaka of all descriptions at late quotations. As tbo supply Is not oqual to tho requirements of tbo local and Bhlp. ping trado, wo look forward to higher rateo. Présent valuó Is-Superior mutton, £36 per ton, f o.b ; ordi nary to good mutton, £3B 10s. to £36 por ton ; beef, £31 to £34 per ton ; mixed and Interior, £27 to £81 per ton. Tho rato of freight to London io 60s. per ton. Clearances aro as follow :-April 25, Rivoradalo, trim Mclbonrno to London, 396 casks ; April30, Now custlo, do.,505 do ; May 0, Hampshlro, do., 152 do. ; May 7, Cardigan CnBtlc, do , 331 do. ; May 12, Cleve- land, do , 780 do. Total, 2,114 casks. Sheepskins -Wo bavo Bold a largo quantity of town and country skins at about the samo rates as thoao ruling at tho date of our last circular. Tho oarly shorn flocks aro now Bhowing a good growth of wool, and wo havo Bold as follows :-Butcbora' BklnB, 2s. to 5B each : dry skins, 2s. to 4s. each ; station drtod, 4a. to 7d. per lb. IlideB -FrcBh hides aro In good domand, but wo cannot quit wet salted except at reduced rates. Thero is a gooa Bupply, all offering being taken for local consumption Wo quote New Zealand wet salted, 4Jd to 6d. nor lb ; Victorian, 4d. to 4 Jd per lb ; frosh ox hides, 42» to 83-. each ; cow-hides, 14«. to 23a. oach ; calfskinB, Ed to Gd. per lb. Kangaroo-Bkins.-Wo notice an Iroprovod domand for thcto skinB, and cim roadily Boll all offering at the following prices, viz. :-Largo sizes, in good condition, lOd. to is. Id. per lb.; ordinary, Sd. to lOd. porlb; email, 6d- to 8d. per lb Soveral largo parcels have been purchased for shipment to London. Preserved Moats.-The high prlcoa ruling for Btook will not admit of purchases bolng made with any chance of profitablo roturns, consequently operations are only being continued on a bmall scalo to complote existing contracts. The shipments to London aro as follow t-April 25, RivcrBdalo, from Molbourno to Loudon, 2,750 cases ; April BO, NowcnBtlo, do, 2,071 do ; May 6, Hamp. Bhlre, do., 1,600 do ; May (12, Cleveland, do., 2,503 do. ; total, 8,884 cases. Messrs. HABTISOS CcMNoruM and Co. report: "Wool.-Tho business transacted In this markot slnco departure of last mall has boon limited to eales of about 600 balea, composed principally of odd lots of greasy and small parcels from fellmongers, for which owever, considering quality and the proaont aspect ol the London sales, thoio was fair competition from buj ers, and full prices wero obtained. Iii the absenco of good r amples bolng brought forward tho sales can- not bo considered of sufficient importance to offor our rent quotations for tbo various descriptions of wool In our last circular wo advised that apprchonslonB of a continued drought had been dispelled by tho downfall of rain throughout this colony and Rlvorina, and wo are now glad to report that within tbo past few days copious and very general rains havo fallon throughout this and the neighbouring colonies, which havo much Improved tbu proBpects of lambing In tho drlor dis- tricts, and of paBtcrnl pursuits In all quartors. It Is nt present premature to offor an opinion as to tho par ccntago of lambs likely to bo obtalnod during tho forthcoming season, but thoro is no doubt that tho In crcaBowill still bo short of the avorago return, not- withstanding the Improvement lo tbo weather. In our noxt circular wo hopo to bo ablo to glvo full information on thlB subjoct. Freight to London remains steady at tho rato last quoted, viz : Ono halfponny per pound for all descriptions. Tho shipments Blnco last report aro as follows :-For London, from Hobson's Bay- Riversdale, 1,781 balea, cleared April 22 ; Nuwcaitlo, 707 bale», cloarod April 20 ; HnmpBhlro, 718 bales, cloarod Moy 4; Cardigan Castle, 1,674 bales, cleared May 4 ; Crest of tho Wave, from Portland, 021 bales, cleared May 4 : Cleveland, 1,474 bales, cleared May 6; total, 6,016 bales. Fro viouily roported, 281,647 bales ; for America, 6,182 bales; for Antwerp, 2,414bales; total, 288903bales. Total oxportB from 1st October, 1876, to 6th May, 1670, 206,008 bales; corresponding period 1874 76, 287,420 baleB ; 1673 74, 260 009 bales J1872 73, 210 03» bales ; 1871-72,200,088 bales; 1870-71, 200,034 bales; 1809 70, 104,184bales; 1808-09, 205,892 bales; 1807 68 105,876 balee ; 1800-67,168,810 bales Tbo following ships «ra loading, and will probably carry- W. G. Russoll, 2,000 bales ; Loch Lomond, 1,500 bales ; Higuflvor, 1,000 bales. The Loch Tay IB also placed on tho berth. Sheepskins.-A largo amount of business has been transacted In this) market, and a lull proportion ol tho supply offered consisted ol largo and woll-woollod skins, for superior lota mo experienced, MUve com. petition, and va'uo», relatively with the worth of we -re nell trainialncd. Our quotations aro-i liutchcB* skies, 2s. Gd to Da. Sd. each; dry skins, to 4v. each, and io to Old. per lb. Hides,-Tho usi supply baa been di'pe.Bed of, principally to the Io tai.Ticis, atabout tho samo rates aa thoso prevailing the date of our last report, heavy weights and hides prime condition being In request Wo quoti iliitchera' oxhides, 24B. to 34s. oach ; cow, 17s to 2 t-HCh; salud Victorian, 4d- to41d.; euporior, to 4\ per lb. Now Zealand, to 6Jd. per lb. Daliak] .re aeUlng at 6d. to Gd. per lb Tallow.-TI pioducc Is Billi vury firm, ospccially those Bamp' Klilch aro suitable for local manufacture, tho quanti i Gering being scarcely equal to requirements. Mutt ia worth £34 to £85 10s. per ton ; beef, £33 to £1 and mixed, £80 io £3310». per ton. Tim »bipmor for tlio month amount to 2,114 caBks. Leathon-i descriptions aro fairly in request-, and roilieo follows, viz.:-Crop, OJd. to lOJd.; harness, 12Jd. 140.; kip, 18(1. to 23d.; and calf, 2». GI. to 3s. Bd. p lb, Exporlssfneo last circular aro 567 baloe. Ka garoo-skin*.-Ihoro has boon very littlo business do in this product, and prices rango up to 13d. per lb. f largo elzod sklna in good order. Bark.-Wo ha disposed of largo quantltios during tho month, al quoto long bark at £4 to £4 7». Gd ; chopped, £1 IE to £5 Ga ; and ground up to £0 6a pur ton. TI nclorenamcd ships tako 31,300 bags, and 20 tons loo bark, for London." MtBsrs. J. II. CLOUGH and Co. report :-*' Wool.. Siiico tho date of our last month's report there h been very Uti Io doing in this markot, tho quantll arriving into Btore for salo being small, and con prising only about 550 bales, nearly the whole no coming forwerd coneiailng of fellmongers' acourc wool, which la Bhlppcd direct on their account. TI telegraphic cable ia interrupted on both sides of Jav andwe are therefore without tolograplilcadvlcoB sim tho 17th ulL 8teady rain baa falicn lu moat parts i Victoria and New South Wales It has. howover, ni been of long duration, and having beon generally au cccdrjd by cold nights, tho spring of grass has ni boon found to bo BO general as could bo wished fo Tlio clearance» havo been- Tho Riversdale, with 1,81 bales on board; Newcaetlo, 797 do.; Hampshire, 71 do.; Cardigan Castle, 1,674 do.; Cleveland, 1,405 do total, 0,807 bales ; add previous shipments froi October 1, 1876, 287,631 balea; making a toti of 293,841 bales Bhlppcd to date. Statlons. Tho late rain» have established moro coufldonc In tho minde of intending investors, and thor !B now a good inquiry for pastoral properties ; and w have placed several under offer during tho month, on of which f8 closed for, and wo expect others wi follow. The following saleB havo taken place »ince on last report, viz. :-Ucssra. Oaldore and Stephenson' Eulo Btation, Paroo River, with 1,918 hoad of cattli horses, ¿te-, to Messrs. James Ooglo and Co. Til Jlngellao Station, on the Upper Mmray, with 10,00 snoop, horses, cattle, and freohold land, to Mr, John J Crowe, of, Noorongongat, HesBra Armstrong Bro» Boort Station,, in the Swan- hill district, with sheep cattio,horsos,and freehold land,to Messrs. W.O. Laldlai and Co., for cash. Tho Alma Station, the prnporty o McsBrs. Jamea and Jobnaon, comprlalng ovor 150,00' acres of Crown lands, in the Lachlan district of Nei Seuth Wales, togethor with 50,000 sheep, horses working bullocks, &a;, and all improvements, t McsBrs. Aioxandcr Armstrong and Co. Sbeepskina. Our usual sales throughout the month havo boen wel attended and we bavo disposed' of a largo supply e both green and dry fikfnB, tho wholo of which hav been takon by tho local fellmongora; priced 8hoi an advance upon last mouth's rate», aa tbo Bkin aro now showing a good giowth of wool. Our salo havo been- For green skins, Ha. to 4s. Gd,; superior up to5B. Gd.; dry Bkin», 2a. to 6a. each ; and statlm ekinB, 6d. to 0)d. per lb. Tho shipments havo been 01 bales. Bide.-Wo have had an avorago aupply for ward at our salea, the wholo of which haa been cloarct off by tho tannera, prlceB showing no alteration iron: last month, viz ¡-Oreen ox, 23a. to 84s ; cow, 16». te 23s. osch ; Victorian wet- Baited, 4d. to 4Jd ; New Zea land, 6d. to 6Jd.; and calfskins, 6d. to Od. perth Tallow.-There baa boen a good domand during the month, principally for local uso, and prices romaic tho Biroo, our sales boing-For interior, £26 to £29 mixed, £80 to £33 ; beef £30 to £32 10» ; and mutton, £34 to .?»5 10B. per ton. Tho shipments have bnot 1,654 oatie». Leather.-During tho month larg< quantities of most description» havo paBsod through our sales, and as tbore is a largo local consumption foi crop it maintains Ita price, uotwlthstanding tho con tinued declines taking place in the home market W( have Bold crop at lOd. to lid ; kip Is. Gd. te Is. 10d.; calf, 2a. Bd. to Sa. Ed.; runnora, Is. 01 to 2s. Sd.; waxed kangaroo, la. lOd to 2s. 3d. brown kawraroo, Is. 7d. to 2s ; wallaby, 2s. 3d, to Sr., and harness, 13d. to Mu. per lb ; basils 5» to 15». per doz. Tho shipments havo boon 65: bales crop and 230 balts basils. Kangaroo-BktoB. There is a fair demand, and wo havo Bold at 7d. to Od. for small, lOd. to lid. for medium, and Is to le. lid. Eer lb. for lai go skins. Bark.-During tho month we ave disposed of a largo supply as iollowa, viz.: Bundled, at £4 6a. to £4 16a., chapped at £5, and grouud, at £010s, per ton, bags charged for. The shipments during the month havo been largo, amount- ing to 26,406 bags." . REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND - SHARE MARKET. The mining markot has on tbe wholo presented a very dull aspect during the past month, but olosee with a moro active demand for several stocka, and a generally better tone. Companioa on tbo Garden Gully Uno, Sandhurst, havo bad by far tbo largest share of the business doqe, and from prosont appear ames aro likely to continue to largely monopolise the attention of dealers for Bomo timo to como. Garden Gully United, Pandora, Victory, and Unity have had a rising market, principally owing to tho splendid ylolds being obtained from tho Pandora and Victory mino). Lor dondorry Company, Golden Stream, Gordon's, and Londonderry Tributo have had a largo business at veiy fluctuating rates, receding heavily during most of tbo month, but closing botter fovall, and, in tho case of tho Golden Stream, recovering to oponlng price. Opinions Billi differ widely aa to tho ultimate valuo of theso claims ; but, BO far sa judged by resulta to date, tho present values aro couBiderod to offer a reasonable prospect to tho investor. Nothing furthor of a definite character reported from tho Kocli'a Pioneer Company as to prospect of pormanont rocf at prerent levelB, but tho Bpurs lately met with aro con- sidered payable. JohnBoii'a aro getting rather Ira Íroved »leldB, and shares have commanded somewhat Ighcr prices. Tho Hustlers line continue a dull, aud Great Extended have receded in value. Tho Shenan- doah Uno continuée in good favour, and North Shenandoah havo boen Baieable at improved rates. Eaglthawk companies aro In increased demand, and moro divldonda aro cxpoctod from them soon. Cathtrino .United, after weakening a littlo, owing to a large parcel boing placed on the markot, havo re- covered, and close Btrong. Princes» Aiico and Aoadla Cat berilio bavo had buyers at improved rates. A amall claim 1} lng betwoen tho two last nnmed com- panies, and only OOtt. in length on tho Uno of reef, was Bold by auction this week fur £3,350, without ma- chinery. Long Tunnel bavo had a smaller dlvldond, and lower prices accoptcd for Bhares. Walhalla Com- pany in good favour, and rather higher. With tho exception of Lotbafr, which huvo marlo a largo ad- vance in valuo, and South Clunes, which havo had moderate support, Clunes companioa havo had vory little business. Several Stawell mlues havobcou lu butter demand owing to tbo Oriental Company having struck rich etouo atl.CGOft. depth. Thoy have beon very prompt in getting out a trial crushing, whiah has resulted in a yield of over Goz. gold to the ton of Btonr, at d has caused advanced prices to bo offered for tho adjoining clalmB-the Extended Cross and tho North Crois. Magdala havo had n vory doprcssed market, and close much below opontng prico. Tho dolay in getting a crushing from this claim (It Is now eight months since tho stone waa struck) haa beon brought into Btrong relief by tho promptitude of tho Oriental. Nowlngton have bad littlo business, doalors walting tho result of tho proposed drlvo. Continued dulness prevails in tho companies of most of tho other distrlcte. Wlntci's Freehold and City of Ballarat had Bomo littlo inquhy, but without leading to much busi butfli m market. Debentures without chango. Bank nets, ForotlicrthanminliigBtockatboro has boon aquiot BbarcB havo bad pretty good demand, at full previous quotations. Gas and insurance companioa' sharcB havo bed moderato bnslnces, tho latter at a Blight Improve- ment In valuo. Molbourno Woollen Mill dealt In at about previous rates. Tbo mining dividends for tho four weeks amouut to £52,140, as particularised below : Debentures.-VictorlaGovornment six por cents, havo bad only a restricted inquiry ; 18S6's changed hands at £100,1883's at £104 to £104 10s, closing nominal about thcBo rates ; do. four per cent, inscribed stock in the market at £02, and would find buyor at £90. Melbourne Corporation B!X per centB, due 1800, havo buyer at £104, no doclarcd sol lor. M. and H. B. U. Ballway Bix por cents, would bo takon at £103 10a. : do five per couta havo seller at £99 10s. New Zealand four per cent», in tho markot at £83, and Quoonsland four per cents, at £92. Talbot Shire Bix and a half per cents, havo buyer at £90, booda hold for £101. TaBmaulu six por conta, nominal at £101 sollor. Bank».-Australasia havo changod hands at £08., and closed buyer at same. Australian and Euro- pean bavo boen inquired for at 47s. Gd., but sbai cs difficult to obtain. Australian DepoBlt and Mortgngo (£8 16s. paid up) woro Bold at 7s. Gd. and lis. 3d. premium, and cloeo with buyor at 7a. Gd, seller 12s. Gd. Colonial havo had rather moro de- mand, and changod liBiidB nt £7 to £7 2»., ox dlv., clceing with seller at £7 1B. Gd-, buyor at £7. Com- mercial had a modorato amount of business at £6 2a. Od. to £6 3s. Gd., and are obtainable at £5 SB. Gd. City oi Melbourno changod hands at 80s. cum dlv., and clOBcd üim, with 89a. asked ox div. Land Mort- gage depressed, and offorcd at 4<3s- Gd. ; no doclarod buyer over 42s. National, Molbourno register, havo been in fair request ; Bhares changed hands at £7 10s. cum dlv., and at £7 11s. Gd. ox dlv., and closing at £7 11s. buyor, seller £712». Adelaldo Register would find buyer at £7 9». Gd. Queensland National woro Inquired for at £6 5s. New South Wales Dim, and placed at £62 cum dlv., and at £60 5«. ex dlv. Union would be taken at £55. Victoria aro held for £51103., and have buyer at £6015s. Gas.-Ballarat In tho market at £1110s. Bendigo inquired for, and wanted at £0 8s. Gd. Collingwood nominal at £7 10a. buyer, £7 15s. Rollor. Molbourno not mentioned for business. South Molbourno paid up quilted at 10» Gd. to 17». Gd., and close with buyer at 17e. Miscellaneous.-Australian Alllanco Assurance ntminal at 63s. flcller. National Insurance have good 1 inquiry ; sharcB changed banda at Gs. Gd., and wanted at samo, with 0s. 9d. asked. Southern havo boon in I Blightly improved favour, and placed at 0»., closing with buyer at 0s. 8d., eoilor 10». M. and li. B, U. Ballway havo a Dim maiket, buyora offorlng £00. Deniliquin and Moama Ballway inquired for, and | wainui at 7-1B., and seller wide. Molbourno Omnibus Company havo Boiler at »9s. Australasia Coal, contributing, nominal at 8s. Gd. Boiler. Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company dealt in at £4 10s. Milbourno Woollon Mill changed banda at £3 to £3 2s. Gd. i »lines.-Ballarat and Other Districts.-Argus United offered at 10s, and havo buyor at 7a. Band and Albion Consols would havo found buyora at low rate of 2s. Costerfield Gold and Antimony bavo seller at £8 10». City of Ballarat had moderato in- quiry, and Bold at 20s. to £0a. Gd , closing about 10a. buyer. Clunes ConBoia had a llmltod buslnosa at 7a. to 8a., mid offered at latter. Eureka Consols dealt in at 2». Od. to 8s 8d., and closo with buyor at 2s. 'Od., sollor 8s Duko and Timor depressed, and qulttod at Ga. ¡k1, to 0s. Od , closing sollor at Ga. Gd, buyor 5a. 3d. Eaglehawk Union dull, and quito nomioal about 1<H i teller. Extended Cross Beef havo had good request. Bbaroa ebal ging banda at £17 10a. to £17 15a., and wanted at CIOBO at £18 6s ; no declared seller. Hopo nominal about 8s, 9d. Bailor. Long Tunnel had good riquost, and ohanged hands at £188 to £185, oaatng aiterwsrds to £181 cum dlv. of £2, but finally dosing firm, with buyor at £189 ox div. Magdala depressed throughout tbo month ; Bhares quitted from 51». down to 84a, and oflorod at asme. Newington and Pleasant Creek havo had but littlo business ; salea of paid-up havo ranged from 84a. to 88a. Gd, but closing with seller at 85a., buyor 88».; , contributing quitted at 28». Gd, to 25s., and oloBlug about 25a. buyer. New Lotbair bavo had a good . extent of business, but at widely fluctuating rates ; Balee from 84s. to 41s, declining to 82s, rising agaUi | to 60B., and finally closing at 68s. buyers. CSS. soliera. I New North Clunes havo furthor rocedod, aalos at | j £15 10». to £,18, closing dull; month's dividend, 7a Gd. per share. North Bullan nominal ,at 8ns Mew Koh-i-noor ' havo Improved from ta. to 23.PJ., and close at 2a. Sd. buyer. Old Beehive had a limited Inquiry, and sold at 3s. to Sa. 03., closing-dull. 'Prince Patrick quitted at 40s. to 381, and close dulL Prlnco Alfred had Ml lor at 6s. South Clunes were placed at £1615s., but easier since, and quitted at £16 10a; dividend of 7s Gd. paid. South Cohen's Tributo offered at 2s. Od. Specimen-hill quiet, and obtainable at 23s.; month's dividends Is. per sharp. Walhalla Lava been naked for at £123 ; ebares not offei ed ; dividend of £6 paid. Winter's Freehold have had a little inquiry latterly; sales at £4 IBs., but receding, and closing dull at £1 seller, i Sandhurst.-Acadia Calherlno would bo takon at 13B., and held fur 13a, 6d.; dividend for month I'd. Albert Tribute quitted from 1B 7I1. to Od., and olTtrcd nt lOd , buyer Bil. Catherine United bavehad moderato inquiry, and without much chango In price ; ealcBrangtd between 16s. 4d. and 16a. ed., closing with buyers at 16s 8d , Bellera asking 10a. Od. City of Sand- hurst dealt in at la. 3d., and nominal at la. 4d Boiler at close. Central New Chum Tributo woro sold at from 2s. to 2s. lid., but closo about 2a. 2d. Duchess of Edinburgh firm, and wanted at 2s 8d., seller 2a. 10d.; dlvldond of4d- paid. Gardon Gully Uniiod firm throughout the month, and prices slightly advanced : eales from £5 6a. to £5 Ila , closing at £5 12s. 6d. Bollor, £8 10s. buyer. Garden Gully Freehold would bo taken at 4a. 3d., and havo sellor at 4s. ed. Golden Ago without buBlnes», and quito nominal about 6s. seller. Golden Stream Tributo had a depressed market ; sales from 12s. down to 8a. Gd., rising to 12s., again falling to 9a, 3d., but finally ro coveilug to 11s Gd., and closing at 11B. 91. buyer ; Is. Gd. paid during month. Gordon's Gardon Gully Tributo havo also aufforcd a heavy declino, rocodlng from 6s Gd. to 3s. Od., and finally closing about 46. 8d. seller, 4s. buyer. Groat Extended Hustler's havo fallen, and shares quitted at roducod ralos of 228. and 21s. Cd., closing sellor i.t latter. Tributo No. 1 nominal at 7s. «oller. Johnson's Roof firm, and changed bands at 43s. Gd., and wan*id at 40a., sellor 44s. I-tania had sollors at 8s. Gd. Lazarus Mo. 1 bavo been dealt In at 09 ; month's dividend Od. Lon- donderry bavo again Bufforod a furtbor vory boavy fall in value, enarra being pressed on the market and quitted fnin £53 10s. down lo £35 15a, recovering* little, and slnco placed at up to £30, closing at £33 los. nujor, £30ecller; dividends paid, £4 porBharo. Lon- donderry Tribute, In common with othor companies on tbo uno, have also fallen in valuo ; sales from 7s. lid. to 2s. Gd., closing with bujor at 3s. 2d., Boiler 38. Gd,; dividend of l8, paid. Morning L'ght wanted at Is Gd. Now Chum United had a Iluto inquiry, and placod at 8a. 3d. to 8s. Gd, closing buyer at 7s. 10)d. Now Chum and B'Uovuo Railway Reservo cased, aud'qultted at 18s. Od. to 12s. 3d., finally closing at 11s. Od. eeller, Ile. bus cr. North Old Chum had a firm market, shares held for 13s, with buyors at 12s. 6d ; Gd. dividend paid. North Johnson's aeked for, and wanted at 6B., eellor Ga. Gd. Now Moon also bad Inquiry, with buyer at SB , but shares not off ¿rod. North Shenandoah had a firm market, with salea a¿ 14B Gd. to 16s Od., closing at 10a. seller ; month's dividend 2a. Gd. per Bhare. Old Chum were offered at Ga North Garden Gully and Passbyo dull, at 27«, seller. Pandora have been In request during the month, at Improving ratea, sales from 81s. to 86sl 6d., closing bujors at 88s.; 5B. paid in dtvldondsj Pioneer (Koch's) had buyers at 26s. Gd., seller 27s- Od.[ but quiet latterly, and price quite nominal. Sea Com- pany dealt In at 4s. 3d. to 4s. Gd., and closo about 4sl bu j cr. 4p. 3d, Buller. Shenandoah havo hoon firm, but with little business In this market ; sales lui, and closing at 16B. Od. Boiler, 15s. Od. buyer. Snob's-hlll are quite nominal ; about 8a. 9d. seller, 2s. Od. buyorj Unity bavo been In improved favour, and placod at 20s to 24B., closing buyer at 24s. Victory havo had a strong market at improving rates : Balos at 85s. Gd. to 41s., and wanted at latter; dividends for month, 4a.' per share. f Tho mining dividends declared during tho four weeks ending May l8 amount to £52,146 12s., of which £45,000 12s. aro from quartz, and £0,150 from allu- vial, companies. Tho dividends In detail aro aa foUow:-For week ending April 22-Crown Cross No. 2, Stawell, 18s. por 8,000th Bhnro, £1,050; London- derry, Sandhurst, £3 por 800th, £2,400; London- derry Tribute, Saudhuret, la per 24,000th, £1,200 ; Victory, Sandhurst, Is Gd. per 30,090th, £2,267 4s.; South Clunes, Clunes, 7s. Oil. per 4,000th, £1,500 ; Rothschild's, Creswick, 8a per 0,000th, £000 ; Robinson's, Creswick, 2s. per 6,000th, £600 ; Richard- son's Western, Creswick, Is. por 0.000th, £300. For week ending April 29-Pandora, Saudburst, 2s. per 28,C00tb, £¿,800; Noith Shenandoah, Sandhurst, is. 6d. por 24,0001b, £1,800 ; Ellenborough, Sandhurst, Gd. per 24,000th. £000; Central Catherine, Sandhurst, £400 ; latham and Wauon'sTribute, Saudhurat(llnal). 7B. per 100 shares, £112 ; Golden Stroam Tribute, Sandhurst, 9d. per 24.000th, £000; Lazarus No. 1, Sandhurst, Od. per 15,000th, £1,0S7 10s ; Sped non Hill, Daylesford, Gd. por 21,700th, £511 ;' Eiithscbild'e, Creswick, 2s. nor 0,000th. £000; Rich- ardson's Western, Cres» lett, Is. por 0,0001h, £3u0 ; North Eaglehawk United, Maldon, Gd. per 17,600th,, £437 10B.; Count Bismarck, Maryborough, Is. per 9,000th, £450. For week ending Moy 6:-Victory, Sandhurst, 2s. Gd. per 30,090th, £3,702 ; Victoria Reef Gold-mines, Sandhurst, Is. per 20,274th, £1,013 14a.; North Old Obum, Sandhurst, Od. per 27,000th, £075 ; Acadia Catherine, Sandhurst, Od. per 24,000th, £000 ; Londonderry, Sandhurst, £1 per 800th, £aOO ; Princess Allco, Sandhurst, 6d. per 24.000th, £000; Duches* of; Edinburgh, Sandhurst, 4d. por 24 000th, £400; New North Clune.', Clunes, 78. Gd. por 2,050th, £771. For weok ending May 13 : -Pandora, Sandhurst. SB. per 28,0001h, £4,200; Nortb Bhon andoab, Sandhurst, Is. per 24 OOOtb, £1,200 ; Golden Stroam Tributo, Sandhurst, Od. por 24,000th, £000; Morey Freehold, Ballarat, Is per 3,000th, £160 ; Richardson's WcBti rn, Creswick, Is. per O.ClOth, £300 ; Cunning's Freehold, Creswick, 5s. per 0.000th, £1,600 ; Rothschild's. Creswick, 2s. per 0,000th, £600; Long Tunnol, Walhalla, £2 per 2.400ih, £4.800; Walhalla, Walhalla, £0 por 600th, £3,600 ; Specimen-hill, Dayles- ford, Gd. por 21,760th, £544 ; Qlccsou's Lease, J nullo son, Oil. per 15,000th, £600 ; Blimarck, Maryborough, lu. por U 000th £450 ; South Clunes, Clunes, 7s. Gd. por 4,000th, £1500 ; Johnson's Reef, Sandhurst, le. per 20,271th, £1,318 14s. ; NOB. 1 and 2, North Scotchman's, Stawell, Gd. per 8,0OOth, £224. Tho diBtrict« from which tho above uilnmg dlvldonds wero derived rank OB follow in order of amount dis- tributed, viz. ¡-Sandhurst, £20,620 2a.; Stringer's Creek, £8,400; Creswick, £5,100; Clunes, £3,771; Stawell, £2.174 ; Dawlesford and Maldon. £1,6.6 10a.;, Maryborough, £000 ; Wood's Point, £500 ; Ballarat, £150. Tho total mining dividends for tho soveral mall; ÍierlodB elnce January 1, stand thus :-Four woeks ond- ' ng January 2r, £30,680 ; four weeks ending February ' 19\. £07,887 ; four weeks ouding March l8, £01,760 ; four weeks ending April 16, £67.115 ; four weeks audfng , May l8, £62.140 ; making a gross total for the yoar to date of £288.084 reported by public companies ; to j which a conBldorablo furthor Bum would require to bo added for private companies and for publie companies not reported. _ MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT RKPOBT. Mesara ALF»- WOO-BY and Co. roport :-" Wonow beg to confirm our advices of tho 16th ult., and regret that wo cannot advlBo any improvement la our frolgbt market, OB the dulnoBS then oxlBtlng lias only become moro and moro Intensified, until business Is almoBt at a standstill. Tho break In telegraph communication some tbreo vveoks ago has in Bomo moaauro conducod to tho present wretched state of affairs, grain freights in the meantime bolng withdrawn, and many shlpa being kept in Bl otu quo, all for the want of cabio ad- vices. Coal freights are moro or less nominal, opora tloiiB for tho moBt part being purely speculative, and induced morely by tho low rates of f rolght. A number of BhipB bavo gono on to Nowcastlo to load, so as to glvo timo for owners' ordorato roach them thoro;otbers again purpoBe proceeding in ballast to Oregon, falling speedy conncxiou of tho wires. For Loudon a fair amount of cargo le going forward, ovldencod by tbo clcarancca this mouth of tho Rlvorsdalo, Now- castlo, HampBhlro, Caidignn Castlo, and Olovoland, with full cargoes, and by tho berth bolng now oc- cupied by tho Hlghflyor, Loch Lomond, Loch Tay, and W. G. Russell. Froighta continuo to bo fairly upheld until tho two last alilpa wero laid on ; slnco then, owing to tho couipotltlou for cargo, ratos havo becomo rathor caslor, OB will bo porcolvod from quota- tions uovv current, given bolow. For Catcutta, tuo Oneida has been chartered for tho convoyanco of horace, and will be followed by tho Ellora, with a similar cargo. Both aro largo ships, but novortholoss are destined to bring back cargoes of Calcutta pro- ducá here. The CingalcBo (now duo) has her horses secured, Is expected to got away first, and will likowlso load back. For San Francisco, tho Mltredalo, Fiji, AberyBtwilh Castlo, Gras- mere and ABBayo load at Newcastle nudor homo orders. Tho City of Nankin was chartered boro for coals only. Several orders aro in tho market for San Francisco and homo, hut tho freights offering aro too low to lead to buBlncBB, and tho probability is that tho City of Sparta, Castlo Holme, and Loch Eck may go Becking direct In ballast. For Hong Kong tho Con- naught Rangor loadB at Nowcaatlc. Moderato sized veBBeJB coultl bo placed at our quotations, but no char- ters havo boon effected. For tbo Capo of Good Hopo small first-clasB vessols aro in Inquiry to load brcad Btuffs from Adolaldo. Charters.-Star of Hope, 811 toUB, Fort Plrio to United Kingdom for order*, 42s. 6d. per ton ; Hvldcorn, 544 tona. Malden Island to Hamburg, 52s. per ton; Oneida, 2,203 touB, heneo to Calcutta and back on private terms; Qoestenibert, 866 tons, Nowcastlo to Bankok, 17s. nor ton ; Olly of Nankin, 986 tons, Nowcastlo to San Francisco, IBs, per ton; W.O. RUBBUII, 1,218 tons, heneo to London, on terms rcBcrvod. Freight Quota- tions :-Melbourno to London, woel, Id. mid gd. por Ib.; wheat, 80s.; meat, 85B; tallow, 40J. ; ground bark, 87s. Gd. to 40a.; chopped do., 529. Gd. to 66a ; leather and eklns, 60s.; coppor, 10a. per ton. Now- castlo to Hong Kong, 16e.; Shanghai, 203.; Nowcastlo to Manilla, 17s.; Java, 14B.; Nowcastlo to Singapore, 16e.; Bombay, 10s.; Nowcastlo to Bin Francisco, 18s. to 10s.; South Australia to United Kingdom, for orders, 42s. Gd. per ton ; Adolaldo to Capo ports, 46s. to 60s. portón.'1 Messrs. 8. Du BEER and Co. roport :-" During tho mall month just elapsed elnce tho issue of our last circular of the 18th April there has been no Improvo* ment to noto, bo)ond an increase In tho numbor of clearances for Loudon ; thoro having beon but one to report in our last, whereas wo havo to roport flvo vt-rtole as having left slnco that dato, with a total of 6,212 tons résister, as follows :-Rlvorsdalo, 1,490; Newcastle 1,187 ; Hampshire, 1,104 ; Cardigan Castle, 1,200 ; and Olovelaiid, 1,221 ; leaving our loading berth for London occupied by tho following four vessels, with a gross tonnago of 4,050 register ¡-Hlghflyor, 1,011 ; Loch Lomond, 1,200 ; W. G. Russell, 1,218 ; Loch Tay, 1,200 ; which aro moro than necessary for pre- sent wants, BB wo do not look forward to any in ci caGcd animation in tho homo loading berth until the oponing of tho wool scseon. Owing to tho scarcity of produco offering for shlpmont, wo havo to report a declino in rales for London, which oro as follow ; Wool, id. per lb. all round for greasy and scoured ; tallow, 40s. to 46s; leather, 45s. to 60s.; skins, 60s.; bark, *' ground" 86B. to 40s., " chopped" 60a. to 55s.; wheat, 80s.; flour, 30s.; coppor, 16s.; tin, 15a.; oros, 20B.-all per ton of 20cwt; and prcBorvod moats, 25s. to 80s. por ton of 40 cunio feet. For Bhlpmont of brcadstuffs from South Australian porta to tho United Kingdom thoro is scarcely any Inquiry, and whvt little thero may bo Is nt rates which havo only re- sulted In ono engagement, and that a email vessel. The rates offering at present aro from 409. to 42a. Gd. forlron vceaols to load at Adolaldo oran outportfor tho United Kingdom ; and one vesaol has boen taken up on tho apottoloadat Adelaldoat 87B. Gd. For tho shipment of hones lo India, "although early in tho season," ono vessel hna been taken up for this trado, and wo look forward to further early engagements of tonnago for this business ; but wo do not anticipate thom to bo of euch magnitude aa during tho preceding soison. Owing to tbo custom of late necessitating masters of vessels communicating with their ownora by wlto, n any largo ships have Deen at a BtnndBttll through tho Interruption of telegraphic communication botwoon Port Darwin and Java ; also botwoon Penang and India. The engagements eftooted during tbo month embrace the following:-To load at Sidney, tho French barque Papillon, 468, to Bau Francisco, at IBs. for coal, and back tram Puget Sound at 76B. por 1,000 superficial foot for tlmbor; .to load at Nowcastlo, N.S.W., tho French baiquo Jacquet Cartier, 500, to San Francisco, at SOs. for coal, mid back from Puget Sound at 70a. per 1,000 auperQcla1 (as« J»T tlmbor ; Çaertembott, I SOG, to Facgkok, at 17a ; Amorfcnn ship Ifyatiu *>.". 76-1, 'O Java, at Its ; British thne-roastod schoooor Eunice, 267, to Hong Kong and back from China, oa Kirra which did not transpiro; Brltlab »bip Oncida, 2 203, hence to Calcutta with horse» and back to Mel- bourne, on toms withhold. British birquc Jane Wood- burn, 800. to Fremantle, W.A., thenco to an island In tho Arafuta Bea, to load a cargo of guano for ti o Mauritius, on ptivato terms; Norwegian barque Bvidcoru 615, Malden Island to Hamburg, at 62s.; Bililsh barque ular of Hope, 841, to load a cargool b cadslufr» at Port Pirie, S.A. for a port lu the Unite* K'mdim, at 42«. Od.; Briileh ship W. G. Russell, 1,248, hinco to London, £2,750, charterer» paylnr su v edi re oxpcnecs Rates froniNewcaslio aro nominal« a» follow :- Hong Kong. Ids ; Shanghai, 22s ; Binga poio, 16». ; Java, 1'B ; Padang, 20» ; San Francisco, Ita. ; Manilla, 16s There la littlo change to note In tho intercolonial trade ; but in conséquence of tho approaihlng winter season, coal freights- from Now castle to Hobson'» Bay havo improved, and Ila Gd. is readily ifferod." SALES OF PROPERTY. Messrs. GRUMSLII, TUCKBTT, and Co report the fol- lowing »ales of property ".-Shop, No 127 King street, with land having a frontago of 23ft, by 80ft. deep, £1,200. Brick cottage In Emerald Btroet, Emeraid-htil, with land hiving a frontage of 80ft, by BOIL deep, £2b6. Allotment of land ia Arden-stroot, Hotham, huv Ing a frontago of 17ft, Sin. by 85ft, at £8 10a. per foot. Cottago In FoBtcr-strcot, St, Kilda, with land having a frontago of 50ft, by 100ft deep, £230; villa residence, known as Beaumont, situated lu Tcnnynon-atrrct. St. Kilda, with land having » frontago of 182ft. by 280ft, deep, £2,000, Tho Prluco Alfred Hotel, with about 10 acrca of land, at Preston, £1,150; 685 acree of land on the Saltwater River, £18,000; allotment of land In Acland- street, St Kilda, having 39ft, 3in. frontago by 160ft, deep, £12 per foot ; allotment of land lu Marlborough etrout, St Kilda, at 15a. per foot ; collage at cornor of Sher- wood Btrcct and Punt-road, Richmond, with land having a frontago of -13ft, Bin. by 1191t. oin. deep, £475; two dwoUiughouscs, known as Klllgrovo-placo, Hotham street. East Melbourne, with land having GOft. fren ago by 105ft deep, £2,450 ; allotment of land ia Acland street, at Kilda, having a frontago of Gült, by 264ft, deep, £181 10s.; 12 acres of land at Malvern, being portion 23, at por aero, £130. Messrs. NAVLOR, Fourni», and Co. report the follow- ing sale» of freehold property for the past month ; Weat MellKiurne-82lt to Dudley-street, by a doptn of 167ft,, at £1110a. per foot Wooden cottago and land, 84ft. frontago to Dudliy Btreet, £040. Two brick cot t>gee and land, Red Lion lane. £980. North Fitzroy GGIU x 105ft,, Norll.coU-road, £3 per foot. Foots- cray-GOft. X 105ft, Hyde-slrcot, with woodon build- ing, £441. Messrs O. J and T. HAH report the aalo of the foi lowirg properties, viz :-Williamstown, Nelson.place, lr. 80p., with cottago roeidonco, £922 10A; Prahran, Orronu-road, 8)a., £720 ; Prahran, Qardinor'a Crook road, 91 4 x 99 along Osborne street, £873 lbs. 8il ; Blcbmond, Balmain street, 85 x 121 through to Wattle- grove, Bix-rcomed oottago, £360 ; Carlton, Elgin Btreet, GO x 182, £1,188 ; Prahran, Uigh-Btrcot, corner Ohomley road, 7a., £1 600 ; Blcbmond, Erin-street, 40 X177 through to Bowen-etreet, £612 10s.; Brigh- ton, North-road, 132 x 390, £100 ; Melbourno, part of Allotment 2 of Section 21, having a frontage of Oatt, to a rlght-of way, by a depth of GOft-, togotber with thebuildingeand orcctiona thereon, £4 760; Fitzroy, Goro-houso, Goro- Btrcot, land 100 x 72, £1,185. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CMUnANcxa awe« OUR LAST SUMUAUT. [B" British; A., Amorlcan ; Au., Austrian; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Oh.. Chilian : P., Portuguese; Pr,, Peruvian ; I.. Italian; N., Nor- wegian j Q., German ; S., Swedish: Sp., Spanish ; Belg., Belgian ; It-, Russian ; 8., Bhlp ; b., barquo ; br., brig; se.,schoonor; s.a.steamer.} April. ARIUTKD. 10\. Novelty, B. b., 870, D. M. Llmmai, Hong Kong-. -L. Kong Meng and Co. 21\. Grasmere, B. a, 1,246,0. A Windemer, Liverpool. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 21\. Loch Ranza, B. s, 1,076, J. D. Shand, London. Holmes, Whito, and Co. 21\. Cordo ia, B. b., 693, Waltor Williams, Liverpool Bright Brblliera and Co. 21\. Eunice, B. se, 257, J. T. Vlucott, Colombo.-F. W. Prell and Co. 22\. Lrcb Tay. B s, 1,200, D. B. Inglla, Glargow Holmes, White and Cn. 22\. Dolmlra, B. b-, 888 J. Webster, Haldon Island - Grlce, Sumner, and Co. 22\. Burton Btathir, B. b., 420, G. Carphlu, Batavia_ Jap Henty and Co. 28\. Formosa, B. eo, W. T. Quaylo, Bankok,-Boy! and Currie. 28 Queensland, E. and A. M. 8. Co.'a sa., 1,457, bobert Craig, Hong Kong.-Bright Brothers and Co. « ' 29\. Bangalore, R.M S S., 2,342, G. N. Doctor, B.N.U. -F. K. Kendall. May. 8\. Mitwal!, B. »., 1,105, F. W. Halton, London. Connell and Hogarth. 0 Lightning, A. B., 1,038, J. B. Watson, Kow York. Stuart, Coucho, and Co. 0\. Bayard, B. a, 1,310, H. E. Hoard, Llvorpool. -Gcorgo Martin and Co. 10\. billie, B. b , 109, ,T. Brown, Ear.Jowangl.-Vic- toria Sugar Company. April. «.KARE» OUT. 19\. Chino, R.M.8.8., 1,037, G. S. Brooks, Gallo, 4c F B, Kuidall. 21 Etta boring, A. b, 710, J. Lonng, Guam,-Con null, Hogarth, asid Co 21\. Louise, B se., 280, G. N.Simons, Foo-chow.-Dal Íccty, Blackwood, and Co. livoradalo, B. s, 1409, a Maples, London. Bright Brothers and Co. 22\. Nlcollno, li. se-, 661, D. Talbot, Guam,-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 20\. Fiji, B a., 1,400, T. Brown, San Francisco, vii. Newcastle-J. Service and Co. 29\. Newcastle B. s, 1,187, O. E. Lo Poor Trench, Loudon -J. U. White and Co. May. 1\. Queensland, E. and A. M. S. Company's a a, 1,437, It. Craig, Hong Kong, via Sydney. Blight Brothers and Co. 8\. Stranger, B. so-, 249, W.G. Garth, Suva, via Auck- land.-J. M'twan and Co. 4\. Cardigan Castle, B. a-, 1,200, Lowis Davies, London. -Macfarlan, Bl)til, and Co. 4\. Blair Hoylo, B. a, 1,291, John Higgins, Guam, Macfarlan, Blj til, and Co. May. CliSAitKD OUT. 4 Hampshire, B a., 1,104, B. Bidgers, London. W. Siddeley nnd Co. £. Cleveland, B, a, 1,221, It. Johns, London. Holmes, White, and Co. ' 0\. Warwick Castle, B a, 1,160, H, Warron, Guam. Macfarlan, Bl) til. and Co . a Argo, B. a, 028, E. Williams, Callao.-Bright Brothers and Co. 8\. Tho Douglas, B. a, 1,428, J. Wilson, Guam. James Bervlco and Co. 0\. John Bun) an, A. b, 061, W. Graves, Guam. Stuart, Couche, and Co. 10\. Mystic Belie, A. a, 755, D. Munro, Guam, Kewell and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIA!, PRODUCE. Aram 19. China, B.M.S S., for Point do Gallo -119 packages provirions, &c;, 9 packages tobacco, 12 doala, 10 cases jams, 86 casks tallow, GO casks potatooB, 26 casks flour, 12 ehcep, 3 horses, G packages wine, li packages samples. , A lilli. 22 Rlveradalo, for London-1,818 baloa wool, 7,788 bagB bark, 400 casks tallow, 2,760 caaoi preserved reeatB, 00 bales leather, 10 bales rabbit skins. 1 casa blanketing sand, 1 cask tailings, 10 loira timber, It poobagrs paper, 21 caaka antimony, 11,606 lngota 100 oakca copper, 4,018 bogs wheat. Antill 29. Newcastle, for London.-860 bales, 3,227 baga bark, 707 balea wool, 2 01G oakes copper, 1,001 ingots tin, 606 caBka tallow, 52 halos sheop and other skins 586 bags antimony, 100 bárrela noatsfoot oil, 23 bales leather, 10 cases wltio, 1 cago pictures, 2,071 caaes meats, 83 bales basils, 10 case» oil, 17 tons coal, 2 pacBageB tobacco and cigars, 62 oaaka alo, 8 casks oatmeal, 8 bags sugar, 17 hams, 13 paokagca provlBloiiB, 6 boxee candle», 16 packages Bunurloa MAY 1. Queensland, for Bidney.-2 baloB loather. MAT 8. Btrangcr, for Suva, via Auckland.-40 casks bol'iod alo, 20 catkB Btout, 10 packages provisions, 053 pIOiOS dressed and undressed deals, 0 packages apparoL MAT 4. Hampshire, tor Loudon -7)8 baloa wool, 03 bale) basils, 181 bales loathor, l8 baloa scrolls, 2 bales sboep sklnB, 120 caskB tallow oil, 40 plpoa 112 caskB tallow, 1,5(0 casca preserved meats, 679 baga 113 blocks antimony, 12 caskB antimony oro, 402 lngota 1,728 slabs tin, 1,023 cakes copper, 1,150 bags ground bark, 3 packages cigars, 31 packages tobacco, 2,980 bags bark, 1 cask 0 cuses jewellers swooping», 12 packages effects, 12 cases wine, 2 cases specimens, 1 caso boot«, 1 package bata Cardigan Castle, tor London -1,571 bales wool, 112 bales basils, 109 halos scrolls, 7,902 bags ground lud oboppod bark, 90 baler» leather, 0 packages effort«, 3S8 casks tallow, 124 balos rags, 1,307 ingot» spotter, 1 psckago hardware, and part of original cargo. MAT 6. Cleveland, for London -1,160 bags flour, quantity of bones(9lonB llcwt), 2,450 caso» preserved moats, 1 cato cutlery, 660 caaks 104 pipos tallow, 1.G4G bag» bark, 93 boga chopped bark, 479 baga ground bark, 1,405 bales wool, 0 cases Bheopsklna, 13 bales rabblt Bklns, 193 balos leather, 20 cases champagne, 59 balen basils, 25 balee scrolls, 81,000 horns, 2 bags glu« pieces, 168 hides. 5 balos »kins. 1 cask wax, 1 bal« hair, 1 case 1 cask beeswax, 2,746 bags wheat, S bates kangcroo-sklna PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE. PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. A run, 19. China, R.y.8.8, for Gallo, &o; -Passengers cabin : For Kinsr Ooorgo's Sound - Mr. Ooddos, Mr. F. Davia. For Glonolg-Mr. and Mra Whit« and infant, Mr. G. H. Traill. For Bombay Mr. Irving, Mr. Jay. For Brlndlal-Mr. Trotman. For Venice- Mrs. Bell and Mia» Chlrnstdo, Mr. O. Bcoplc, Mr. O. Smith. For Southampton-Mra Thomtson aud two sons. Mra Blom and ohild, Mia K. O'Hatloran, Bov. J C. Holland, Messrs. O Jardins, G. Baillie, J. J. Mlllodgo, B. Noedham, O. Wilkoa, A. Smith, G. Sutton, J. ThumBon, Honoago Glbboa, Arch-, dale, F. Cumming, O. M. M'Olol'an, Fizzey, O. E. Hirst, F. Sutton, J. Lowie, J, B. Iloudcreon. Anil!. 29 Newcastle, for London. Passengora-cabin ! Rev, Charles Tomllnsoii,Mr ThomasTomllnson,Mr Edward* Tuppl}, Mrs Judge Bowman, Mra Olia» Edward Strutt, Mina Strutt, Miss Bertha Strutt, Mise Kesterton, Muter Birtio Kesterton. Master Alblnus Carter, Kr. and, Mrs D. O. M'O, O'Lcary, infant, and nurso ; Mr. W. T. Bhore, Miss Agnca Gardiner. Ills» Fanny Gardian1, F. Alh n, Mr. Spencer Woodhani», Dr. Richardson, Mr. Htnry Trafford, Miss Jane Gcoghegan, Mr. Ernest Wright, Mr Gcorgo Wright, Miss Marla Crake, Mr. M. Dixon, Miss Emma Kltchou ; and 84 adults lu tlioln tcruiedlato. MATl. Queensland, for Hong Kong, via Sydney. Pa«. Benger»-Beloon : Mr. and Mra U. Robertson, Mr. and Mra J. Robertson, Mra Fletcher, Miss Rachel Flet- cher, Miss Annio T'etchor, Miss 0. Fletcher, Mosers. K. M. Young, F. It- Murpby, A. D Murphy, A. a Balcombo, B. Macfarlane, A. Macfarlino, Campboll Finlay, Jaa Orkney, O. Simmie, G A. Mien, Jua. M'Kay, Juetin Scharpp, Hurtle Fisher, B. Chapman, E. Klingender ; and 81 In the steerage MAT 4. Hampshire, for London. Passengers-saloon: Mr. and Mrs. Kelghtley, Mr. »nd Mia Bkoarer, Mra Terry, Mr. J. VC. Fletcher, Miss Waugh, Hr. Win. Asche, Mr. Wm. K. Fry, Mt. Jaa W. Cuthbertson, Misa Sandi- lands, Mr. c. Lea, Master H. D. Turnor; and 129 adults in third cabin. Cardigan Cut!», for London. Passcngcrs-cabln: Me»». Jaa F. Jackson, 8. Boddon,' J. W.' Clunie, Mra. Howell, Uro, Davies «nd family ; «nd one in the, .ecoed »Mo, i n 