WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1876. By the Tararua our newspaper files from Palmerston were brought down to the 12th February, but the news had been to a great extent anticipated by the tele- graph. There are fuller "details, however, than oonld be sent by wire respecting Borne matters of interest, and especially < of the Bins Mud Bay Expedition, the Criminal Sittings of the newly consti "ttfted Gircuit Court, and' the operations <m the reefs. It is rather difficult te keep conversant with the merits of the' various questions of disous?ion and com plaint in the Northern Territory, as postal communication is so infrequent thkt matters which have been debated in Adelaide <u2 nauseam, and then neglected Jill they are almost or quite forgotten, appear like an unexpected and unwelcome resurrection, when ,weeks and months afterwards we receive our mail parcels from the capital of our Northern depen dency. Practically we are farther from Port Darwin than from England. The "voyage to the old country is just about twice the length of that to Pal merston; but then we have thirteen mails in the year to London, and only five to the great metropolis of Arnheim's Land.. We must not, however, neglect our' fellow-colonists in the Northern Terri tory, because of the disadvantages under which they suffer, and there are in the last budget of news from Port Darwin sufficient materials for comment.' The new Circuit Court had commenced work, and the reports of its proceedings convey ? tbi idea that the lay Judge wbb equal to the responsibilities with which he,, had been entrusted. It seemed doubtless to (lie legal mind a strange innovation to empower a Magistrate who had never been trained at the bar to deal with almost every felony short of murder. The fact iSf however, that in this question the present Government] have gone further than any of their predecessors in recognising the necessity of suiting the expenditure and the adminii trative and judicial arrangements of a very small and struggling settlement to its straitened circumstances. A population of 400 or 900 people cannot afford to pay for an able and a learned Judge, who has made his mark as a barrister. No doubt a. legal practitioner of some sort might be induced to take the position of Judge of the PaLmerston Cir cuit Court, but an intelligent educated layman is very greatly to be preferred to a fifth-rate lawyer. The powers of the Circuit Court of the Northern Territory do not, however, extend to the protect turn of life; they guard limb, property, and reputation ; but where protection is most required it is withheld. This is especially the case with respect to the j native*, who are handed orer to! the tender mercies of the Bettlers> while the latter have no security but their rifles ani revolvers against any murderous attacks from the aboriginals. We say this advisedly, because to affirm that the law affords a man protection when he has to travel 7,000 miles to get it is a simple absurdity; it is adding insult to injury. The consequence of this state of things has been that the whites hare taken the law into their own lands, and we now learn that the blacks are much quieter. Coming to the criminal calendar dis posed of by Mr. Scott last December, we find that two of the convictions were for obtaining goods under false pretences. The circumstances iv boih cases were similar. Each prisoner had "gone on the spree," and when he had squandered all his money he gave the landlord valuslesa cheques. The Special Commis sioner (for that is the title of the Northern Territory Judge) probably the prisoners were not alone to blame, . and. passed sentences of nine ihonths* imprisonment with hard labor. We have had a few casea of this kind in 'South Australia.proper. The next con viction, was'of Emanuel Jasper, a Malay, who was found guilty of attempting to commit an indecent assault. The matron whose couch he invaded seized him by the whiskers, and battered his head upon the floor till he cried oat and revealed his identity. The prisoner pleaded som nambulism, but the Special Commissioner Was sceptu&l;,andsentencedjiimto. three months' imprisonment. Ah Sing, from As Flowery land, charged with stealing 'jewellery and money, concocted with the aid of Ah Kitt,afellow- prisoner and coun tryman, a false story throwing the blame on a white man, bat the libel recoiled upon the larcenous Celestial, and he is to spend two years in penal servitude at Port Darwin. There were two acquit tals/; one on a charge of stealing: a promissory pot*,* and the* other/on an indictment for attempting to commit sjaiakler-r The iastiptre^ms a very carious ,qnje f and waft.infiniion6d.in oar corre spondents letter and telegrams months Jago. The of a schooner lying at Port r Darwin had an affection^-of course nurely Platonic—for the wife of a pas spnger/Ctad one evening after the senti mental. couple' had been w'gh'ng and sipping the nectar together, the master mariner administered atonic to the object of nis admiration, and when she had drank half the contents of a full bottle he swallowed the remainder, and then announced that the liquor was poison. The dame screamed; the skipper begged her husband to shoot him; bat it soon became apparent that the draught was perfectly harmless. The prisoner was acquitted, and the taunt of Claude Mel botte would nos be inappropriate—" You have the courage of the mountebank, not thebravo." These assizes cleared off all the commit tals since the late Mr. Justioe Wearing held the Circuit Court at Palmerston, in. the preceding February, a period of about ten 'months. Mr. Scott had four con victipns to deal with, and the non aboriginal population numbering from 4AO to 450, the percentage of convictions for:felony or very serious misdemeanors may be roughly calculated at 1 per cent, p^r annum. A similar proportion, in South Australia proper would give our Judges over 2,000 oriminslr to sentence yearly. This comparison would not be fair, ?s nearly all the immigrant re sident in the Northern Territory are alult males. Counting the adult, males of L?ottth Australia, proper at 50,000, however, 1 per cent, would give 500 convictions yearly, or folly four times the number that are recorded by our Supreme Court. What is to be done with the Northern Territory criminals is a very serious question. loci month there were eight prisoners, including the four convicts, in the Palmerston Gaol,, and only six cells. These pri soners included a lunatic Coolie and a Coolie, murderer,, who will be .brought to Adelaide for irial, with all the witnesses in the case. Now, overcrowding in any £apl, anywhere, is cnbeajth'y, dangerous, ijand objectionable on moral grounds ; in such a climate as that of the Northern Territory it in simply murder, and not very slow murder either. This is a the Government will have to meet; for as the number of prisoners may reasonably be expected to increase, it will be absolute!/ necessary either to extend the Gaol accommodation at Palmerston, or bring the prisoners to Adelaide. As long as we choose to keep this northern dependency, we have certain responsibilities that no civilised Government or community can ignore. Our telegram to-day contains very serious information to these colonies. The mail steamer. Bangalore, which ought to have sailed from Galle on March 13 for Aus- tralia, has been delayed on account of the appearance of smallpox on board. The telegram is provokingly meagre, and only mentions the fact that the steamer has been delayed. We suppose the agents of the Company, warned by the fact that the Sumatra was placed in quarantine on her arrival in Australian waters, hesitate in sending the Bangalore forward. There can be no doubt, however, that she will sail as soon as ever it is understood to be safe for her to do so. It is by no means improbable, however, that on her arrival here she may be found to be an infected ship, to which pratique will not be granted. In view of this probability, we should like to know whether the Government have taken any steps to have a Quarantine Station prepared at Torrens Island. After the warning they had last month they ought not to have lost a single day in preparing for an eventuality which may occur any month. It is utterly discreditable to a colony like this to be obliged to send passengers arriving by the mail steamers on to Hobson's Bay, because we have no place to quarantine them here. We are bound to take every precaution to prevent the introduction of this fell disease to these colonies; but, on the other hand, we have no right to put people who seek to visit us to the annoyance of having to sail past our shores to undergo quaran- tine in another colony. We hope the Government will attend to this matter at once. We suppose it is almost impossible to prevent tricks being played with the Land Act. We are glad, however, to learn that Mr. Playf ord is determined as far am he can to carry out the provisions of the Aot in their integrity. It appears that in the Tatiara District the selectors * Hare been trying the old feat of driving tt'ooach and six through the Act of Par liament. They have planted olives to cany oat the letter of their contracts with tiie Government, bat this lias been a mere blind to evade the provisions of the Act. Mr. Playford is ju?t the sort of man to stand no nonsense *>f this kind, and it will be seen from the subjoined communication from his office that he intends bringing the evaden of the law to book without delay. We wish him success:— , "When in the Tatiara the Gomnus- .^* sionerofXJrown Lands saw a number_of_ WMadtod- olive plantations,~T*hleh Hie selectors evidently oonsidered a onffideni oompliance with the 46th clause of the Waste lands Alienation Act of 1872. The Cdmmisuoner, fcomhis knowledge of how these trees should be cultivated, saw plainly that in nearly all cases the planting of olives was only resorted to for the purpose of evading 4hf $gfU tivation conditions ofLthei Act.* > Th? following is -a description of the way one of the selectors lias planted and tended to his olive planta tion, aadit is not iho wors> by far. Plantation fenced in by a brush fenoa in a moBt 1 manner, large gum tr?e? left growing, a few furrows turned up, and oIiTM planted 20 feet apart; cattle, horses, and sheep allowed to . graze in" the plantation, man]? of the plants are crushed and^brokeir^ them." We und?ntand tiiat-tiie Oonmis?idliarn 1* *& those Mtajtaons - Whwjh in^if optnio? are Vf&\xai*6te>. A meeting of the-South Australian Conning Otab 4a-$• te. rkeVf at fhe'/CHobe Hotel, thjseveningi fl 1 iT'S shipment.' c";" _. The- Adelaide passengers bj *lib Sumatra who were taken on to Melbourne and hare junoe been kept therein qucantiar, were to leave yesterday by steamer for Aoelaide. have received from Mr, Geotra Boberfcon, the feoksellfr; a catalogue3o&# worksite jy lit gfawiki Moma the lawpi ness of the niinWtnay be gathered from feia * f *ot that their titles fill orer 33ft pages. . - The Criauael Sittings of the Suprttne' *; Gourt were eosamenoed on Tuesday, March 14,' before Hit Honor Mr. Jutioe Gwjflne, Thfr v session Is likely' to last longer than ordinary, th* calendar being unusually long. There are, however, no oases of'a very important cha- - raster. - ....... Referring to Hawke'a ?eed-aower, tin*) Kf panda paper states— "Gvr enterprising townsman straek oil when ho Wtnt in for the % manufacture of the above useful agricultural implement. We knowai<amatter ?ffao%4&a;? tafe number he can dispose of is simply limited ' l^thenmaber wnUhAeoanmake.^ ~ : pn Tuesday evening, March 14, as# •' getoUeman was running along Stephmu-pUbs,, ail foot tripped, and he fell to the ground wife 5 gnatforae. His head came in ooataet wlfli the kebrtene, ?aasing a nu^lwonnL ficlwaa piiked np stunned aad taken to the GBoba stables, where some advaeates of cold water \ lib nally drenched him with the hose. He soon r?<[>?eiWmnd?rtiiisay?ropatU?^flatmant. We are informed that the amount taken at the recent Mount Barkar fihow in-?nk?M?i ?> fees was 09 3a.; and we are asked to make two' * or three corrections in the prise-list as pub. - Usned.|Meaam F. Oleggett mad W. ftnndfe, and not Mr. A. Sell, took th* prlsw for boscs; while Mr. Joseph Bundle, and sot Mr. t. dfe nelins, carried' off the honors for the best bajgf '-? '1 The rainfall between 9 a-m. on Mon day, Manm 13, and the same hour on Tnesday, ; March W,U registered as follows:— : PoztJ>arwin... 2 4001 Ptne Greek ... 0460 Southport ... 1-2001 Menlnrie ... 0030 YamOreek ... 0-870] The following is Toesdav montiqg*e weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dttwla telegraph line:—Beltans, few clondm, fine^ ~ Btrangw?ya Springs, fine, few dorab, warm; v Peake, clear; Oharlotte Watcsr, dear; Alts* Springs, fine, warm; Barrow Creek, fine, few . clouds,cool; TennantCreek, fine, few doads, warm; Powell Greek, fine, clear, warm; Daly Waters, fine, few cloudi, pletaaat; Katharine, few olondi, fine; Pine Oreek, fine, olondy; Tarn Greek, vrereast, cool; Seatfaport, ma. out, sultry; Pot* Darwin, overcast, dull, OftL - A pretty and an interacting eight was witnessed at Glenelg on Tuesday evening. The retiring tide caua :d the waves to dash obliquely access the bottom of the lower platforms* the cad of tiie jetty. Am the water was highly luminous, a rippling blsxs of phoiphoresoent U^ht followed each wavelet, tiu oorutcationa ? from wbieh emitted brilliant gems of liquid fire. Quite a crowd of persons watched the beautiful spectacle. ? - It is stated in the Clare paper that " on Monday, the 6th inrt., Mr. ttoylan was burning stubble on his see Son asarthe Flagstaff ' Gap, midway between Hfniara and Black Springs, when the fire spread into another sestion, and consumed a shed and a valuable reaping machine belonging to Mr. P. Oain. • Information was given to the police, and we believe Mr. 3. D.Cave, J.P., held an inquest oc the fixe." A severe accident happened a short time since to Mr. J. Gurnow, sen., an old and a respected resident of Woolshed Flat. A cor respondent of the Glare paper states " that the horse he was ridhig became rather restive, and by some means knocked him down, fraotnrisg the right arm and the whole of the shoulder. Feus were entertained of his recovery, as the shock was ?e~great to thesystem, but under the care of Dr. Giles, of Ktverton, the sufferer is doing remarkably well." The Northern Argus of March 14 re ports that, "on Saturday evening last, a kerosine lamp which was burning in Mr. Shand'a store, Glare, suddenly hissed in an unusual manner, and an effort was made to extinguish it. This being unavailing, the lamp was token down from where it was *—tfnwl, and as Mr. Shand was going outside with it, the glass broke, 'and he threw it from him, when it i burst. No one was fojured, but it was rather a diffico.lt matter to put ont the fiw, which spread In front of tbe shop." Perhaps in none of ourpuhUcbuildJagsT Is ventilation le ? attended to than it is intne Supreme Court, and In hot weather dnrf^g the Criminal Sees'ona the atmosphere of *hM Ocart is perfectly sickening. The lu'Jdlng itself, judging from the txporienee of a day like !tossday,-mu*t have been designed after a can. ful ?tudy of the Black Hole ot Calcutta, bait even the ouhi of ventilation which' hare been provided are not wholly mads use of. Two window* atthe back of the Court and two or three arched window! near the roof, wen on Tuesday only half open, ai if the owupants of the Chamber, ran a rtak with the thermonuter at 90? of catching a cold. TJ*e Kapunda Herald undentandi "that Intelligence has baen received that Mr. B. J. Dajr, emigration Lectarer in England, sent In a month's notice on the Ist January lart that it wai bis intention to resign the leotyisship at the end of the year* engage* md^ "Wenteyhere mention," adds the same *?j>er, ?•& reference to a recent state ment of the Commissioner of Drown Land* at to the number of persons Induced by Mr. Day to oome out to 4bil colony, that twice the nnmber named'by htia have oome to Kapuuda alone. We don't aay that Hr. Day's mission has been a buomsb* as ( we are hot In a position to aay whether It has or not; but certainly the head of a department ought not to name spemno numbers unless he knows what he *s stating to be' a positive fact; and In the oase referred to the Oommia?ioncr was decidedly wrong;'' .' : On Monday, Miron 13, the tinptoytfs of Messrs. George Me?wm&Sor;, j?n mantifiu tarers, of Glen Ewin, near Heugnion, wei? treated to a dajts outing by.thofirm, the', jam season bdpji nearly fidftned. About 00 penoas left dfci Kwin~irB a.ln. in vans, srrirfcg In Adelaide, two hours, after, where bresxxast was ready for them, they were, taken to Glenelg by trssn, where .they amused themselves in the manner usual at gatherings of this Had, Dinner wa? provided for all, and then a few hoars (were pleasantly "spent in a sail on the " briny." "The return trip bj rail and van was most enjoyable, the pleasure-seekers arriving safely at home about 9 o'clock^ heartily thankful to their kind employers. This considerate act l*,c*n an^oleCbJit one instanoe of the kind manner In whloh the Messrs. 4f?Swbn Inva liably treat their employe'i. ... ... Otit! Two Wella correspondent, under date of March 14, writes:—Aooordis* to adver tisements we should have had a meeting jester day to discuss the proposed tramwajrfrom here to Fort Gawler, but owiogto Che absence o the Chairman and members of the District Council, it-was thought adrisable to postpone the meeting. As considerable Interest is felt in theater, it & expected that th?re willbea large gathering when it is bald. The immense quantity * wheat prcduoel iv Port Gawler and its immediate vidlnity ahould offer suffi cient.ln?aee?jnsti^ the Goremnient to under take the eonstrastion of a tramway between Tm*Welb Sad the seaboard. AtaU-ereutait has* 'WAme-pifent to ?rery one Oiat greater facilities for transit of. wheat to a. market mv*? b* pnoored for "so Important a body as the- i)li—Kgdfci?rs of Port Gawlec Already tills MM6n.%45.653 busheb of wheat alone hare been purohaied in Two Wells, atd the wear and. tear ?{^ the roads caused by the passage of snoh-a quantity ?(igrain must be tremendous. The weather is and has been very ssdttjci Farmers are b*^ prepufag'tbeir bat wa^train tots^ii(|atooperations. . . r Th 6 tatHiqtiate?, ttccnlroa ih New Zealand on. the 26th and 27th of February apns?c toiiai?^ex ?hocks were mort seTereJy felt at Camaru, fnm which place oorrespondont of the Otago DaO^T&nm; on Febtoary 2S s—^ " Three ierlous airS alarming shocks of earth* quake werctfelt £bf? morning. The first oc ourrod at half-past 3, the vibration being vsry aerere, yli?J4?g houses-and moving pieces of famiture. Several clocks stoppad at the time. The Ktona happened about an hoar later, the* Tfl?tion'baing muoh slighter than the first. The thlrd?nd saost sarious of all took plate at 9 o'clock;^ A great number .af'chimney* wen eraoked and^ioekea down: Host of tiioatonn b?tt&^^wei? datnaged more, or less. The ?tot^Bsnamants okthe top of the Bmpire and Stataadflattar hotels were preslpita?dliots? gtosjsrii, Ota barman of the Empire hmvin& a namnr^fttoape taom T?elng killed. The New Pr?tbyierlan l6h?rch vu eo^fidenbly dMna|sd and ahakesu Concreta. bojldings on" the Bspiaoade are much cracked, and very gnat excitement and alarm are felt by* aU." The- OamaruC HosplUl was seriously damaged.* Chimneys were ahakan down, and one patient iras thrown ?ut of-bed. . A corppapon Aen^pf the Northern Argxu, writing from the Far North-West, under dale February 25, tells^he fallowing tale:-"The w?^wh^ been very htitilrat cold at rilghts. We are again, experiencing another drought, which will lead to serious results if we are net favored with rain shortly. There is not a particle of feed near the permanent watera, and ?took hare a difficult matter to find sufficient food to keep them alive. Of coursethe country is not entirely destitute of feed, but where the grass is there Is no'W&ter;, so it fa'oomparativ?ly worthless. It ii alsoi becoming a serious matter with the people liare, for when the present supply of rations are exhausted there will be no means of replenishing the stock. T^ who have lately-come up, have lose Jots of their bullocks on the way* and horses go blind and get the strangles. Hr. Warhnrton at Strang* ways Springs. He has, about 26 horses with him, and half of them haW lost their right A person is at Angle Pool in charKe of cattle, and be *?"""? sbtjrt, of 'rations, r The operator at Strangways Bpringi?nd another man hare gone to Adelaide* botn of -whom are auffering frem scurvy. Mr. C 5. "Giles is also on his way down. I d%sj.*i know when you will receive this com munication, a?ihe mail is nearly a week behind time. Owing to the arid state of the country, the contractor has 'great diffisulty in being punctual.'' ' ' ' "The Ardrossan?eserTior is, as we can1 testify from personal knowledge," writes the { Yorle^t Ptnvuula Advertiter, "a matter of the *cry greatest importance for that district. As was stated a* a meeting held at Haitland, carters have now* to pay a penny a bucket for watering their horses; and this ocean, too, whilst Nature has scooped out a narrow-necked gully which.' with a anffidestly large dam, would contain thirty millions of gallons of water. We are glad to know that the Minister of Agriculture and Educa tion amply redeemed his promise to bring the matter before the Cabinet, and that Instructions were forthwith given to pro enrs a survey, plans, and an estimate. ~ The work was committed to Mr Jones, O.E., of Moonta, and we have, as the result of enquiry, gleaned that the construction of a dam of great solidity, and with an enclosed wall of puddle, an over-flow channel, a road across the dam to bring the Clinton track into the township of Ardrossan, fencing the whole in and with suffi- cient works to retain the 30 millions of gallons, will probably cost about £2,000. The water would be thrown back so far that the reservoi[r] would be about 39 chains long, and be confined within the width of the gutty, which la narrow and- deep,; and has a aeniid olayey bottom. Considering the importance of the work and the great advantage it will confer, we hope that there will bs no Urns lost In getting it under way." The Adelaide Liedertafel gave an open air concert at Glenelg on Tuesday evening, March 14 They proceeded thither by the 8 o'oleck train, and found a large number of people a waiting their arrival. Two songs ware rang on the bilcony of the Pier Hotel, after j Uedertafel farming into a prooaadon, marched mp the jetty. Ob arriving at the end, mveral' songs were sung in good style, the ringers being surrounded by an animated group of pro iienaders, eompristcg many of the elite of Gleneig. , Onr a thousand persons were present, and the many-colored lamps ?endefed the sosne highly ploturesque. tte "Oroci Button wiuanHn" was given *ith ?ocd effect, and was received with much applause. Thasnaroh "-grieesongantae Companfe" wiiahe suAg, as wall as the favorite 4 Watch pa, the Band* and several other song.l T?m t^e?nd of thejl^: the Lfcdertafel embarked On board *he yacht Victory, which onrised about f Ipftked ertreWely weU aft seen by the soft light of some 18 colored paper lamps held in the hands of the singers, the ruddy glow of the lanterns, combined with the mellow rays of the "Queen of nlgu*," showed her span, nib, anaJriggingtothebe?tfcdTMUge. Mr.Pnttmann stated as conductor, and there were about 18 members of the liedertafel present We under stand that the members attended at Glenelg oa the invitation of Mr. Townsend, M.P. An enjoyable evening was Bpent. An extraordinary case of habitual vene section is reported by Dr. E. Warren Sawyer in the Chicago Mtdical Journal for September, 1875\. Thosubjact of the account is a retired clergyman, aged 60. His firm step and keen Intellect show an unusual degree of preserva tion for his advanced years. He is a fanner's ion, and during his entire life his been un usually free from ?{itVn— When 17 years old, uoording to the eutom of the period, and not for Hl.health, he was bled for the first time. fhlm habit of spring bleeding was followed (or the next six years. He then became a student, md the change from aotive farmwork to a ledentary life canted a constant feeling of litoavinaas, to retlsve which hs resorted more faeouantly to the lancet, and during the next ten years he was bled from four to six times a rear, always losing from 10 to 15 om. of blood. Che frequency of the vwiescotfons Increased, Ad for the past 40 years the patient has luffered the loss of 8?r 10 osj. of blood regularly every three weeks. For the past line months tills man has been Under Dr. lawyer's oar*, who has every three weeks bled lim to the extent of from 8 to 10 on The leo-atod for blood-letting i? shown by a lyspnosu Repeated auwaltatory. examlna 16ns of the heart and lungs have failed to tad but slight evUenee of vesicular dilatation >f the latter. The history ?ho n that, for a ime, the bleedings were not actually de nuded; tout for many years past, in thb •pinion of Pc Sawyer, it would have bean letrlmental, and perhaps attended with a fatal 'dra.lt, to attempt a reformation of the habit. An interesting account of the develop cent of the German navy is given in Untertzeii or November last. The need of a good flaet ras first specially felt in 1818, when a few ?all Danish frigates and corvettes proved able • blockade all the important German ports. if the- end of 1875 tha German navy was to obtain 11 hear/ armor-plated renal*, some f sham of the mast powerful type yet otastraetei, 13 oorvettoa, 19 gunboats (of hree different olassei), as; wall am others, fhe entire number of the ships would te 66, with 420 guns. There is also a lorpedo*''division with several sm?U steamers. Che. IMrftawi of the navy (for time of Macs)*; wwflft^ at the end of last year, com pise'JS^gfe&s; of aU rank*, 5,660 sailors, 1,000 eastnefers and firemen, and 460 artisans. war-these numbers will be nearly doubled jfenrtite Saewshi (corresponding to the Land irom-J. Osnaiderable diffionlty Is found in ti*?nln e the fleet. The severe discipline and die frequent ?zercise with the heavy guns and alias, go a good deal against the grain of the nerohant seaman. And besides, his pay in merchant vessels is at present very good, owing to dearth of man; in a German ship he re selves 18-24 thalers a month; in an English ?hip 24-25 Chalets; in an American ship, 30 40 thalers (the thaler=3?.) The authorities try to remedy the evil by taking in youths of 14 or 15, clothing and feeding them, and exerolsing sham in all she branches of a seaman's work. rhese lads are bound for 12 years. The under officers generally come from this class. A great number ef these youths, however, go off to mer chant service after completing their 12 years. The writer considers that, after the English and. French navies (which are, of course, a good deal larger), the German may now compare favorably with any other European fi^et. Mr. D. Bower, M.P., held an inquest at the Police Station, Port Adefaid?, onl'uce day, March 14, on the body of Alfred Fisher passenger by the steamer Penola, who died on the last voyage from Melbourne. Charles Heber Hudson, purser of the steamer, stated that the deceased was a steerage passenger. He came to him on the llth lest., end asked for a pass to go on shore at Port MatsDonnelL He appeared nervous, and was ehatinp very much. He went on shore, returning in about two hours. Next saw him on arrival at Port Kobe, where he had handcuffs on. John Oharlcs Garreod, steward of the steamer, saidthe deceased appeared very excited when he came on board. About 6 o'clock the same evening he had some tea, and about 7 he asked for a nobbier of brandy, which witness gave him. He com plained of being unwell, and of having cramp in the calves of his legs. He sail be had drank a bottle of brandy on the previous even ing. He several times asked for brandy, but witness refused to give him any. He wandered about in the same state on Friday, and when tre veseo! arrived at Port UaoDonnell he went on shore. About 11 o'clock in the morning witness gave him some bread and a bottle of stout, part of which he drank then, and the remainder in the afternoon. He went to bed about midnight, but about 1 o'clock got up and brought the jag and glasses whioh were on the table, to witness saying—" That man is going ta throw them at me." Hefbecame unmanageable, and it was found necessary to secure him, te prevent his doing mischief.! With the tanotion of the Oaptaln be wa put in handcuffs. He re mained in a d-sliri state all night. In the morning he was aliowei to go on deolr, but as he tried to jamp overboard, he wu again secured. He was verj violent for some time. On beooinlng better he said he waf a draper's aiMistaws redding at Mr. Olapperton's, Madeline-street, Oarltor*. Melbourne. Hie mi after warda dellrioua until 6 p.m., when he died. There waa no medical man on board.' William ~ Oatrd, a passenger, gave, corroborative evidence, and Constable Ourtln deposed to having rempved the body from the veuel so the deadhonae. 3he Jury feund that the deceased died from excessive drinking. • A special meeting of the Adelaide Ohen Olnb waa held at Ocafe's Oaf 6 on Tuesday erenmg, March 14. There was ft fab? attendance and Mr. W. 3. Fufiarton (Vioe-Preddent) oooopled the chair. A letter waa read bom Mr. J. Masters, Hon. Secretary* tendering hl? resignation, In consequence of removal from Adelaide; and as Ma return waa. very uncertain, he- handed over the Cup, of which he waa the present possessor, to the Ohib, to be dealt with aa might be thought desirable. After considerable discussion, It waa resolved that Mr. Masters'* letter ahoold be acknowledged, and that he should be In formed matters would remain as they were until the conclusion of the tournament, when aome arrangement for him to play off the match With the top aeorer would be made If possible, failing which, however, the match would be forfeited by default. Mr. O. 3, Shnttleworth, who was appointed Secretary, waa instructed to convey to Mr. Masters a cordial vote of thanks for his eervieea In that oapaoity. (Thes* business matters being settled, the tour nament waa yweaoa&td; withj-jwheo four games were decided—Messrs. Bertram:, Laughton, Harm, and Hteele defeating* Messrs. Fiddwiok, t>ay, Day, and Austin. Outstanding games last week were decided in favor of Messrs. Burgan, Bertram, and Laughton. The scores at present stand thus:— First Olas*. Won. Lost. Drawn* Mann 8 2 0 Steele 8 2 O Tjrrell 6 2 2 Second Glass. Bugan 6 2 1 Xhird Glass, Adoock 4 4 1 Bertram ... 3 6 0 Day 3 4 3 Fieldwisk ... 1 7 2 Laughton ... 6 3 1 Bhuttleworth ... 4 5 0 Webb 5 3 0 Fourth Glass. Austin 3 6 0 Cornish ... 0 4 6 Klisser ... 2 5 2 Players are paired for the eleventh round In be following order :— idoook ... 3rd class. Day ... 3rd|class. lostin ... 4th " Laughton... 3rd " Sertram ... 3rd " Burgau ... 2nd class. Jornish ... 4th " Webb ... 3.d " KlUser ... 4th " Tyrrell ... Ist " fteldwick 3rd " Mann ... Ist " ihuttleworthSrd " Steele ... Ist " . In the Brisbane Courier an account is [iven by a correspondent of the deplorable fate •f three men who perished in the Barooo district from want of water. The first unfor bnate man was a cook in the employ of Mr. tawell, who was In the neighborhood of jooper's Creek in search of new country. The tan waa settled with, and started for Welford lowns, by the course of the Barcoi northward. Whilst endeavoring to make a short cut he Bust have got into broken country, and nndered about until death ended hia stiff jr nga. If he had followed the river he would lave reached the station, besides having a ilentlful supply of water. The Beooad victim ras m young fellow named Evan Davis, ? jockey. He left BlaokaU la company ritJa. Mr. W. P. Toser, who was goiDg at to his station, and wiA whom he had ngaged as a atobkman, and a man named Ik. Olalr, and a black bar. They missed the ight track, and were unable to strike water, tr. Toiar hit the head of Bimera Oroek, upon Alch is Messrs. 801 l fc Dntton's station. He •snt ahead, directing them to follow his tracks lown ttie creek. He arrived at the station, Ad in two days St. Glair arrived without HvU or the black bo/. Davis it appears, left If. Olair to go in search of water, and said he •onld return when he found it Beturn i? did not, nor was anything seen or heard >f him. After several days' search, bis torses were found standing In a waterhole, Minus bridles and saddles, and showing symp toms of having experienced extreme thirst' Ota black boy, when feeling the pangs of thirst too muoh, bolted back towards Iris Downs. There can be no doubt that Davis las met his end before thii, as it was impos rible for him to live in such country under a burning sun. He was a quiet steady boy, msoh liked. The third was a man x>amed Riley, who was engaged at Welahot Station to look after the working horses. Some were missing one morning, and the deceased went to look for them. He did not return that night nor the next day. A search was then made for him, which was not aoooessfuL Some days subsequent his remains were found near a creek on the run, and between two sheep stations. Had these unfortunate men Btuek to the watercourse tbey would of a cer tainty reached water and station, instead of which they wandered in z'g-zig directions over ocean-like plains, until their strength got ex haus:ed under the desperate heat of a semi tropical sun. An entertainment in connection with the Torke Mutual Improvement Society, was given at the Beohafaitn Hall, Port-road, on Monday evening, March 13. There was a good attendance, and Mr. D. Bower, M.P., presided The programme, which was leDgthy, comprised songs, readings, and recitations, given bj mem ben in a manner which evoked much applause. DuriDg the evening the Secretary read a report, which showed that *ha Society was in a flourishing position. There were now 33 mem bers and a library of 100 useful books, besides a balance in the hands of the Treasurer. The proceeds, after deducting expences, amounted to £6, which will be devoted to the purchase of baokc There was a fair house *t the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening to witness the en tertainment presented by the Fakir of Oolu, and those who were present appeared to be delighted with the programme. The spectral pantomime at the end caused unbounded amusement, and was heartily applauded. 