NEWS BY THE MAIL. NOTES OF THE MONTH. ' (iraOU OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) LONDON, Sept. I The Eastern horizon, which a week ago had cleared, is once more overcast. The i hopes of peace are as remote as ever. Neither Servia nor Turkey is disposed to abandon any of her pretensions, seeing that both claim to have obtained victories. Prince Milan, who a few days ago had summoned the European Courts, and declared himself inclined to a cessation of hostilities, encouraged by cheering bulletins from Tchernateff, or, as is more probable, secretly influenced by Russia, has once more assumed a warlike tone. Turkey, on the other hand, confident in her ability to crush Servia, and doubtless thinking no time so good as the present for that operation, insists upon dictating her own terms to her insurgents. It is a very busy time for the diplomatists, especially of England and of Austria, the two powers most strongly inclined to peace and most actively engaged in ensuring it. As for Russia it is tolerably clear now that her main object is to gain time, by pro- longing the war until she is able to come to the aid of her clients, or at least until a sufficient number of Russian officers have arrived in the Servia is w reorganise was Sclavonic army, and to enable it to make head against the Turks. Russia is favourable to the idea of an armistice, but insists that the final conditions of peace shall be postponed till they have been discussed in a European conference. Turkey naturally objects to this, as being precisely the game from which she has most to fear. She desires to settle the question off hand, and believes in her capacity to do so if there is no interference from the European powers. The Servian armies it is now evident are no match for the Turkish in the open field, in spite of the boasts of Tchernaya" and his sympathisers in the Slave and British press. During the last few weeks there has been a steady immigration into Servia of Russian officers, and indeed the army which the Turks have to encounter may be said to be rather a Russian than a Servian army. Officers of the Imperial Guard parade the streets of Belgrade in full uniform, and the whole direction of the military operations in confided to Russian generals. In spite of this, there is very little doubt that the Turks can beat the Servians in the open. The fighting round Alexinatz has indeed been of a somewhat desultory character, and is still without result, but it must be borne in mind that the Servians are not only superior in number, but are strongly entrenched behind works carefully designed by Russian engineers, and mounted with heavy guns. The very fact that Abdul Kerim has been able to force the fighting, after out manoeuvring Tchernaieff, on Servian soil that notwithstanding all the brilliant victories telegraphed to Belgrade, the Turks not only hold their ground, but are gradually pressing on the defenders of Alexinatz proves the fallacy of the hopes which have been indulged in by the Phil Slaves in England and elsewhere. It is quite certain that Turkey can compel the allegiance of hot revolted feudatory the only doubt is whether she will be allowed to do so. The game of Russia is a very deep and tortuous one, but it is now beginning to be understood, I do not believe she is desirous for the establishment of a strong South Slavonic state any more than Austria. Such, a state would slip from her hands, and has come, it is most probable, itself a formidable barrier between her and Constantinople. To weaken Turkey without strengthening Servia is rather the object of the Russian policy. On the other hand Prince Gortschakoff and those whoareshapingthecouraeoftheRussi and Government are beginning to fear that the popular excitement which it was their object at first to foster is getting beyond control, and to suspect that Pansclavism may not have aims entirely identical with those of Imperialism. Hence the recent measures of repression taken against the Russian Czar and other too-out- spoken organs of the national feeling. What Russia would prefer is that there should be a number of semi-independent Sclavonic states along the border, strong enough to aid when needed in the final march to Constantinople, but not so strong as to be able to dispense with her patronage. It is a difficult game to play, especially with Germany and Austria looking on but to have a solid pace established between Servia and Turkey would ruin all. On the other hand, England and Austria are devoting themselves earnestly at Belgrade and at Constantinople to the blessed office of peace-making, Germany standing aloof, with one eye upon France. The obstacles are those which arise from over swollen are bition on the one side and if that was' arrogance on the other. Servia, relying upon Russian aid the promise of which must have been signified to her in some decided way during the last few days, and still hoping that the bulletins of Tchernaieff may one day be true, has experienced a revival of the bellicose fib Turkey will listen to no conditions until Alexinatz has been taken, an event as' to which I am not so confident as I was. England meanwhile-which, fortunately for the interests or Europe, still retains some influence over the Porte-aninilueuce which the noisy fanatics at home who are clamouring against the policy of the Government do not see has sprung directly from presenting those vigorous measures for the support of our national credit in Turkish waters England is doing her best to induce the Turks to listen to reason. I believe she would succeed were it not for the obstacles thrown in her path by the agents of Russia, who are busily engaged in counters acting the British policy in every shape getting hold of the British public especially on the weak side of their philanthropy, filling our newspapers with long stories of Turkish atrocities, and appealing to the religious sentiment in the name of Christian against Turk. I cannot suppose the excellent people who are making such a noise about the atrocities in Bulgaria have any idea of the purpose for which they are being used, but it is certain that they are involving not only the Government, but the country, in a very serious danger. This is no question of politics although certain old women of the sentimental school are trying hard, to their shame, to make it so. I suppose all Englishmen, whatever may be their political opinions, have been equally disgusted with the tale of the Turkish atrocities in Bulgaria. I must protest, however, against being charged with being a "Mahommedan," and a friend to assassination and torture in the abstract, because I was slow to believe in the stories of the Bulgarian outrages, or because I still hold them to have been grossly exaggerated. When that eminent philanthropist Sir William Harcourt, for instance, spoke of " the depopulation" of the province of Bulgaria, one did not expect him, as an orator, to speak literally. There are about three millions and a half of Bulgarians in European Turkey, and the most extravagant estimate of the number put to death by the Turks does not exceed 15,000. Whether there were a few thousand more or less cannot, however, affect the question. The point is not whether those atrocities have been committed, but whether, having been committed, they affect the character of England to the extent of compelling her to alter her course of Eastern policy. As far as we can understand the argument of the Daily A'i war and Mr. Freeman it amounts to this. Turks have committed atrocities in Bulgaria ; England, having supported Turkey, is partly responsible for these acts, and as an expiation the British Government is bound to undo all that it has done in Turkey, and to reverse its Eastern policy. So to frame the argument is to expose its absurdity. Granted that the Turks have' been guilty of ', barbarities in Bulgaria how does that, in the first place, affect the queen- l tie between Turkey and Servia; or " cri what principle of justice or morality should we help Servia because Bulgaria has been ill-treated 1 Why should A be suffered to grow rich and powerful because B has been hindered and is miserable? There is no evidence whatever to show that the case" of Servia and of Bulgaria is one. But supposing it were so, I am still unable to understand wherein consists the guilt which England has incurred. The charge brought against Lord Beaconsfield of having shown undue levity" when the Turkish atrocities were first discussed in the House is surely a very trivial one on which to found the violent language which is being heard from humanitarian platforms. Lord Beaconsfield, as we all know, had a peculiar manner of meeting statements meant to be hostile telling in in the House of Commons. He was esteemed grave when he ought to have been ga;, and some timesHvely whenheoughttohaTObeensevero What has Lord -¡eaconsüeWc manner to do with the question ? Surely terse who jumped at the conclusion that given" atrocities had been committed in Bulgaria, upon the reports va! Sclavonic sympathisers are not to be accounted. better philanthropists than those who suspended their horses till they had good grounds on which to lose an opinion. I am unable to admit that the Daily News, by -trefuUy retaUing every individual horror of the Bulgarian atrotrfwea- filling its columns day after day with details of outrages upon women and the mi', der of children-report- ing not only the «.' evidence but the opinion, of two American gentlemen, Mr. Macgahan and Mr. Schcr/ler, as to how many were Blain, tortured, or violated, represents a healthy moral tone. What can be the use of repeating the stories of' atrocity day after day? They all relate to things that happened during the suppression of the Bulgarian insurrection by the Turks in the month of May last, What can be the object of inviting us to read, in particular detail, how every child was mutilated and every woman was outraged, unless it is to pander to the vulgar taste for sensational horrors'. For the purposes of the argument, a dozen such cases are as good as a thousand. "What is it we amounted to believe? That the Turks are a race given to barbarities ! That in civilisation they are several hundred years behind the Christian nations ? That, being provoked by war or insurrection, they are apt to be guilty of wild deeds ? Surely this were a superfluous demonstration. Of course the Turks have committed atrocities, but nations, even though Christian, are apt to be a little severe in putting down insurrection. Russia, for one, cannot be said to have got much of a Christian example by her proceedings in Poland or in the Caucasus. In Bulgaria the Turks have only bettered the instruction of some Christian nations. The Russians, after the capture of Ismail, butchered 5000 human beings, men, women, and children. The Montenegrins, by the admission of the Daily News) itself, are in the habit of cutting off the noses and lips of their wounded Turkish prisoners, and men so mutilated have been seen by English correspondents. The late Prince Bishop of Montenegro had the rail- ings in front of his palace ornamented by human heads. I do not desire to palliate what was done in Bulgaria, but, after all wars cannot be carried on with kid gloves or insurrections suppressed by the sprinkling of rosewater. Even the irrepressible Sjhuyler, brother of the gushing Macgahan, from whose hands we are required to take the whole truth as to the Bulgarian atrocities, testifies to the fact that there was an organised scheme of insurrection got up by Russian agents, and from the documents quoted by such respectable papers as the Debats as having been found on the persons of the in sargent chiefs, it has been proved that this scheme included a wholesale burning of Turkish villages and the massacre of their inhabitants. At the outbreak of the affair the Turks were engaged in a difficult in. ternal war in Herzegovina, aggravated for them by the sympathy openly displayed and the assistance given by the Sclavea. It is no wonder that under this accumulation of troubles and sources of irritation the old Tartar ferocity should break out among the Ogmanlis. But this perpetual repetition, with all the prurient details, of the atrocities is, in itself, getting to be a monstrous atrocity, against which the calmer and more sensible portion of the community is beginning to revolt The nuisance is all the more intolerable seeing that the cry of humanity is being made use of to secure political ends and political ends which every impartial man most see affect not only this or that Ministry, but the permanent interests of the country. The logic of all this atrocity agitation must be, not only that the Turks are a barbarous people, but that the British Government is to some extent responsible for their barbarities, and not only that the Government is responsible to the extent of not preventing those things, but of pursuing a policy which is con-. diary to the national interest and honour, and to the welfare of civilisation. As to the Turks being a barbarous people, on va sans dire, I believe they are no worse, if no better, than their neighbours. But whether better or worse, what has this to do with the conduct of the Government í It is certainly no more our business than it is the business of Austria, of France, or of Russia, to take care that the Turkish provinces are well governed. We have acquired, it is true, as Mr. Gladstone very properly said, certain " moral right to interfere in the internal affairs of Turkey by what we did in 1835.30, but that right is no more than the right which belongs to every one of the signatories of the Treaty of Paris. It is a point, not an individual, liability. But then it is said we ought to have interfered to prevent the atrocities in Bulgaria ; but why more we than our neighbours? We could not foresee what measures would be taken by the Turks to put down the Bulgarian insurrection. We could only protest after we were fully informed that atrocities had occurred, and we did protest. The connexion which is sought to be established between the presence of the British fleet at Besika Bay and the acts of the Pasha's in Bulgaria is most unfair. The British fleet was sent to Bcaika Bay to protect British interests directly, and indirectly to protect the Christians of Constantinople against such a general outbreak of Moslem fanaticism as was threatened at the time of the Sofia Revolution. Possibly its presence may have given encouragement to the Turks, but no more than it-was our right and our policy to give nor can we be responsible for its going further than we intended. Again, it's true that when the subject of the Bulgarian atrocities was first broached, some of the Ministers spoke lightly of them, but it was surely not because they thought less of murder and rape than other men, but because they believed that the reports were exaggerated. Are they to be blamed for doubting whether such things could be Surely, it was more humane to doubt than to believe on such evidence as they had before them, Those who are slow to believe in things repulsive to human nature are not to be set down as more hard-hearted than those was to jump to the belief in the first report. Speak- ing impartially, I cannot see that the offence of the Ministry consists in anything greater than one or two unguarded and possibly Hippant expressions of Mr. Disraeli in the House, expressions which may be said to be excused by the monstrous attempt made by dome of the Opposition to fasten the charge of participation in the Turkish barbarities directly on the Government. But allowing that the conduct of the Ministry was reprehensible, that is but a small part of the case of their adversaries, What we are now asked to do what is the logical mean- ing of all this outcry which is being raised by Mr. Freeman and his friends is that because of what has happened we must reverse our Eastern policy that we must in future side with the Sclavoa against the Turks that we must not only not oppose, but assist, Russia in all her schemes of encroachment upon Turkey, Some of the ?o-çjtJIed humanitarians have distinctly declared that they would rather have Russia on the Bosphorus than the Yarra in Europe. That the effect of all these attempts to divert the public attention from the real question to the incident of the Turkish atrocities in Bulgaria is directly to play? into the hands of the Russian propaganda-to overturn the basis of that European policy which was fixed by the Treaty of Paris, and to neutralise all that England did in the Crimean war is not to be doubted. I believe the war in Servia would have been over before now had it not been for the encourage- , ment given to the Sclavophiles by the atti- | tude of a certain section of the English Liberals. Hoping that England will be so far carried by her momentary feeling of sympathy for the Balearians as not to inter- pose any further obstacles to the carrying out of the great idea of a Pan-Sclavonian Empire, the Servians and their friends are stimulated to proceed with their enterprise, That the intelligent public opinion of Europe is able to see through the game is sufficiently proved by the language of the leading organs of the German Press, who must be supposed to be absolutely neutral in the matter. The Allgemeine Zeitung, of Augsburg the leading newspaper of Germany, has some remarkable articles on the question, strongly supporting the conduct of England. It points out that Russia has no other object in her policy than to spread ' ' Asia ism" farther into Europe, and to girdle Europe with more Solavio states, whereby every effort to carry civilisation to the East will be thwarted. If England (continues the Allgemeine Zeitung) opposes this policy energetically in Europe, as she is doing in Asia, her first aim should be to resist the endeavour to extend this Muscovite "fiscalism" over Europe, and to unite the European powers as a bulwark against these Russian pretensions. In spite of the sympathy between the courts, there cannot be a doubt that there is no good feeling just now between Germany and Russia. The language of the Russian national papers has been of late even more bitter against Germany than against st England. They See plainly enough that Ger- many cannot be reckoned upon to support the Russian policy in the East-that should occasion arise she will be found rather on the side of England than of Russia. In the meantime, the negotiations for peace between Servia and Turkey are being actively pursued by two of the powers, England and Austria, while Russia, who is willing for an armistice, which would give the Servians breathing time and enable them to complete their organisation under Muscovite officers, is strongly opposed to any peace being concluded which does not take in Bosnia and Herzegovina, if not Bulgaria. On this point there is little chance of the powers coming to an agreement, at least until some decisive victory has been won in the field by one side or the other. The deposition of the Sultan Murad in favour of his next brother Abdul Hamid has excited very little sensation, as the event has been for some time fully expected and repeatedly foretold. It can make no change in the situation except to give the Turks another chance of getting a real instead of a nominal ruler. Murad was worn out by excess in vicious indulgences, and physically as well as mentally unfit to hold the reins of power at a crisis like this. Abdul Hamid, who is the second of his name to mount the throne of Ottoman, is said to be a man of superior energy and force of character. Let us hope that the opinion has better foundation than that which we heard of his brother upon his accession. The name of Abdul Hamid is of no good omen, as the last Sultan who bore it, just 100 years ago, had a reign the most disastrous and disgraceful in the Ottoman annals. There is a rumour that Mr. Gladstone is once more to resume the entire exercise of the political profession, giving up to man kind the genius at present devoted to polemics, and village gardening. Gracia nature, it is shrewdly suspected, is weary of his plough, and finds the cutting down of material timber a dull business compared to the hewing of upas branches. It is not yet settled who is to lead the Government in the House of Commons, but Sir Stafford North- cote will most probably be the man. I am assured by one in the way to know that the elevation of Mr. Disraeli to an earldom was distinctly due to the Sovereign herself, who pressed it upon her Prime Minister. His increasing physical infirmities made Mr. Disraeli consent reluctantly to the withdrawal from that House which was the scene of his triumphs, and where his position was of course more grateful to him than a place in the House of Lords. MR. DISRAELI'S ELEVATION TO THE PEERAGE. The Prime Minister's elevation to the peerage was officially announced in the London Gazette of the 18th August as follows ; -"The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, granting the dignities of a viscount and an ear of the said United Kingdom to the Right Hon. Benjamin Disraeli, and the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten by the names, styles, and titles of Viscount Hughenden, of Hughenden, in the county of Buckingham, and Earl of Beaconsfield, in the said county." On Tuesday, Aug. 15, the following undated farewell address to the electors of Buckinghamshire appeared in the papers : Gentlemen,-The Queen having been graciously pleased to summon me to the House of Peers, I return to you the trust which for so manyyearsyou have confided to me as your member in the House of Commons, as as. sembly in which I have passed the greater part of my life. It has been a period of trying occasions and memorable events, and if I have been permitted to take some part in their management and control, next to the favour of our Sovereign, I am deeply conscious I am indebted for that opportunity to the fidelity of your feelings. Throughout my public life I have aimed at two chief results. Not insensible to the principle of progress, I have endeavoured to reconcile change with that respect for tradition which is one of the main elements of our social strength and in external affairs, I have endeavoured to develope and strengthen our empire, believing that combination of achievement and responsibility elevates the character and condition of a people It is not without emotion that I terminate a connexion endeared to me by many memories and many ties, but I have the consolation of recollecting that though I cease to be your member I shall still have the happiness of living among you, and that, though not directly your representative, I may yet, in another House of Parliament, have the privilege of guarding over your in- terms tBand your honour.-Yourdeeply obliged and ever faithful servant, " B. Disraeli." Regarding Mr. Disraeli's elevation to the peerage, a writer in the Home News observes :-" Whatever of dramatic effect there may from time to time have been in Mr. Dib Pasha's career in the House of Commons, his leave-taking was of the quietest. None in the House off the Treasury bench, and not all who sat there, had any idea that when, alter the Appropriation Bill had been read a third time, close upon the midnight of Friday, August 11, Mr. Disraeli took up his hat, and with his usual shrug of the shoulders, as if steadying himself for the exercise, walked out of the House, he would never return. The secret of his so-called 'era vation' to the peerage had been kept with remarkable success. The Marquis of Hart- ington went away without the slightest suspicion that he had for the last time seen Mr. Disraeli seated opposite to him. Even the whips on the Conservative side knew nothing of it and when, about midnight, the rumour ran through the House, they discredited it. That was no difficult thing, for no one was inclined to believe it. I understand that the right hon. gentleman's own scruples on the matter were overcome by the repeated solicitations, which in this case were commands, of the highest lady in the land." (FROM THE TIMES, AUG. 11.) For a time we may indulge in the pleasant surprise intended, we must suppose, by the sudden transformation that winds up the session. Confessedly the interest of the play was wearing out, and the actors themselves were almost exhausted, when all at once, in a glory of historic associations, Benjamin Disraeli " disappears to give place to the Earl of Beaconsfield." The brilliant novelist, the gentle satirist, the man of letters and the son of a man of letters, the adventurer as he once seemed, whom Sir Robert Peel spurned as a supporter, but lived to find a powerful j antagonist and ft successful rival, stand before us easily and gracefully assuming the highest possible reward of. public virtue that coronet-which of all others is dearest to English sentiment. Nothing beats an earl The best form of English nobility is the old earldom, Saxon and Danish as well as Norman. That stage reached, the rest is superfluity. This is the proud title which, incredible as it would have been 30 years ago, the Premier takes so appropriately that a tower rank would hardly have fitted him. It will be replied with no little warmth Chat a coronet is a trifle, the House of Lords a banishment, a title an eclipse of honour, and the whole apotheosis a funeral pageant. The statesmen who will be remembered by the names they here in the battle of life were wiser and happier, we shall be told than the man who hastens to forget what he has been As it happens, Mr Disraeli shows a very sound estimate of himself and of his position. He will make a capital peer. It is a state he was bound to ripen into. The appreciates the dignity, and it is the proper complement of individuality From his earliest years he has lived in the peerage that is, his spirit has. Taabioua, fancies, manias, fevers, rages, come and go, parties rise and fall, changing their names and their political creeds, but the peerage holds its own. Certainly it is part and parcel not only of the constitution, but of this country people, race, and religion. But there is a more common place reason why Mr. Disraeli should step into the House of Lords when it seems to invite him. He had attained that age beyond which all men, more or loss, find their strength but labour and sorrow. The work of a British Premier becomes every year more laborious, more multifarious, more continually urgent, more momentous and critical, for it is the hourly charge of an empire comprising a fifth of the human race. The world, too, it must be remembered, is always young, for it is always bringing to the occasion new conditions and circum stances, which have to be apprehended i accurately, however, out of the range of ex produce or routine this requires an amount of youth which few possess to a late period of life. The work then, which may be said to accumulate, to grow, and even to spring into existence to the hands of a Premier, can only be borne by exercise of rare faculties not always possessed even by very able politicians. Lord Palmerston was confessedly the Minister of an interregnum. He could diminish, divide, tide over, postpone, and reduce to any perspective or shade of colour he pleased matters which to less gifted men seemed to stare them in the face, and suspend with instant downfall Other Mia sisters have had their ways of going through work, impossible to ordinary man. But Lord Beaconsfield, as we have now to style him, had no initiation into of trial work till long after the age when habits are supposed to be formed. instead of passing through each office, and each grade of office, so as to learn the details and the genius of each department, he was delighting the world and himself with works of imagination, an employment usually thought the most repugnant to business like habits In the House of Lords there is less continual necessity for the ready wit and the power of rapid acquisition and prompt command of material which are perpetually demanded in the Commons It is more the place for well matured arguments and well ordered com- positions. But, what is more important, it leaves the Minister's evenings and nights to himself and his official duties The Premier has occasionally had to confess complete ignorance of papers everybody else had read, and it was impossible to deny that he had great excuse. It remains however, for the House of Commons to consider whether or not it is impossible that a Minister shall be able to attend to his official business and also make a good appearance in Parliament without sacrificing one or the other, and without sinking under the at. tempt. Perhaps, too, it is not out of place to suggest that a Minister has a policy to origin- ate and prepare, that it requires if not a very long and deep incubation, at least time and rest, and that there will be more easily found when a Minister can, as a general rule, call his evenings his own, which, of course, he cannot in the Lower House. THE BRAVO MYSTERY. (FROM THE PALL HALL stars-, AUG. 11) The evidence in the inquiry respecting the death of Mr. Bravo was concluded on Wednesday. In the course of Mrs Bravo. examination on Friday, the 4th that, she stated that she had been improperly intimate with Dr. Gully before the intimacy at Kia. Bongen, but that she had told the deceased tbattheintimaciesonlyoccurredatKtssengen. Her income, Mrs. Bravo stated, was about £3 000 a year. The deceased said he had £200 a year, but he contributed nothing to the household expenses except paying the stable boy. The witness was then examined as t J the treatment she received from her has hand. In answer to a question as to whether on one occasion he did not strike her, she admitted that he did, but said she did not want anything said against him. He burst into tears immediately he had done it. It was only like a child's passion, and he was exceedingly sorry for it afterwards. It was all through his mother, and while they were by themselves they were perfectly happy. The witness then stated that Dr. Gully's residence at Bargara was known to the deceased. He said he wished Dr. Gully was dead, and that it made him angry to pass Orwell lodge on his way to business. Referring to the events of the 18th of April last, the witness stated that when she went out with the deceased in the morning she passed the house of Dr Gully. Her habit was always to turn her head away, and she did so on that occasion. the deceased said to her, "Did you see anybody and her reply was "No, I did not look." The deceased then began to abuse Dr. Gully, and said that he thought he should never get over his feelings against him and they had better separate, As regarded the money, he said there need be no bother about that She thought he added, "We can each have half She was much hurt, and thought it unkind, after doing everything to make him happy. She did not got angry with him. She added that the also told him she was a it always talking to him about the establishment he kept before he married. She was so- hurt that she could not kiss him when he requested her to do so. When she refused, he said, "You will see what I will do when I get home " He looked brown in the face and most determined, as if he meant to do something violent She was then so frightened that she kissed him. When he returned home in the evening, however he was in the best of Spirits. The witness then described the details of the illness of the deceased which followed. She said that she did not know that it was the result of poison till she learned it from Sir William Gull from her previous knowledge of Dr. Gully She thought he was the cleverest medical man in the world, and know that he had saved Sir William Heathcote a life, who was suffering from sickness like her husband's, and when no other doctor could. She therefore determined to obtain his assistance. She said to Mr. Royes Bell and others in the room " You have had your own way. I must have my way, and try the last thing I can think of." She then sent Mrs Cox to Dr. Gully, but did not conceal the fact from any one. When asked whether the deceased when dying made any request of her, Mrs Bravo could not answer for a time, but, after suppressing her tears, she replied that he said Be kind to my darling wife, mother, she has been the best of wives to me " He also requested the witness to be kind to Kitty, a child of the person he had lived with before his marriage In answer to further questions the witness said that on one occasion, when the deceased's mother objected to her having a change of air, she told the deceased that she would write his mother such a letter that she would never interfere between them again, and added that his mother did not And the money, and she had no right to interfere He was then very angry, and jumped out of bad and said, "Now, I'll go and cut my throat " He went to his dressingroom, and she fetched him back, His anger was like frenzy, and soon over The witness said that she never heard of the word " antimony " until her husbands lUness. -except what she had stated as j had no knowledge of how the deceased came by his death In answer to Mr Lewis, v Mrs. Bravo said, after speaking of the deceased's affectionate nature, that eh j had seen no traces of jealousy down to the time of his death. He appeared thoroughly us conscious of what had produced his illness, and as he did not ask a question about it, she was much surprised. Mrs Bravo was several times overcome by emotion in the course of evidence. Mrs Bravo was not examined on Monday, and the chief evidence given was that of doctors who had attended the deceased during his illness. Among the witnesses was Mr. Brooks, a solicitor, who explained the marriage settlement which he had prepared between Mr. Bravo and Mrs Ricardo. He said that when he congratulated the deceased upon his intended marriage, the deceased said, " Damn your congratulations ; I only want the money " Mrs. Bravo'a examination was resumed by Mr Lewis on Tuesday. The witness having stated that in May and November, 1870, she and her husband were together in Malvern, Mr. Lewis read a letter dated November 16, which he said must have been written in 1870. It was addressed to a servant of the witness, and had the words, ' ' I hQJr- you will never allude to anyone of what I pleased at Malvern, but let it be buried in the past, and if anyone questions you refuse to answer any inquiries." When asked what it was she wished to conceal, witness replied that it, was the attachment to Dr. Gully. It was not a criminal one then. Bursting into tears, Mrs. Bravo said indignantly that she did not think this had anything to do with the death of her husband, Mr. Bravo, and she appealed to the coroner and jury as gentlemen and Britons to protect her from such questions She was willing to answer Mr. Lewis, and tell him anything that might help him to ascertain the cause of Mr. Bray's death, but she refused to answer such questions as the last. It seemed to her that according to Mr. Lewis it was impossible for a woman to love a man with out doing what was wrong. Mrs Bravo further stated that previous to her marriage with the deceased she had sent for Dr. Gully, and told him that she was afraid the deceased wanted to marry her for her money Dr Gully said he was sorry for it, but advised her to accede to the deceased's wish, and hoped that she would be happy. Mrs Bravo was then examined at considerable length with regard to her relations with Dr. Gully. She said that her only motive for breaking with him was her wish to be reconciled to her family Dr. Gully, she added, had always behaved with kindness and consideration, and had honourably fulfilled his engagement not to have any communication with her after her marriage. On Wednesday Dr Gully was the principal witness examined. He said he had come forward voluntarily to give evidence, and he admitted the truth of what Mrs. Bravo had said as to the intimacy between them. He denied that he had anything to do, either directly or indirectly, with causing Mr Braves death. Since 1912 when he went to Malvern, he had never possessed, prescribed, or ordered a single grain of tartar emetic It was not true that he had put tartar emetic into a bottle of laurel water which he gave to Mrs. Cox for Mrs Bravo's use. At one time he was very much attached to Mrs Ricardo, and believed that his affection was returned. (FROM Till, HOME NEW S ) On August 11 the case was concluded, and the jury, after deliberating for about two hours and a half, returned the following ver- diet -"We find that the deceased, Charles Delauney Turner Bravo, did not commit suicide, that he did not meet his death by misadventure, but that he was wilfully murdered by the administration of tartar emetic, but there is not sufficient evidence to fix the guilt upon any person or persons." The police authorities, acting upon the above verdict, have issued a placard in the following terms -' Marder, £230 reward Whereas, on the 21st of April, 1878 Charles Delauney Turner Bravo, of the Priory, Balham, died from the effects of tartar emetic, and a coroner's jury has returned a verdict that the deceased was wilfully murdered the above reward will be paid by Her 'Majesty's Government to any person who at. all give such information and evidence as shall lead to the discovery and conviction of the murderer or murderers in this case, and the Secretary of State for the Home Department will advise the grant of Her Majesty's gracious pardon to any accomplice, not being the person who actually committed the murder, who shall give such evidence as shall lead to a like result." The following are a few statistics of this remarkable case -The inquiry, which began on the 11th July, occupied 23 working days on each of which Sir Henry James was personally present The total of the expenditure ranges from £10 000 to £13 000 Sir H James received a heavy fee with his brief, and 100 guineas a day Mr Murphy who was called in on the 17th July, received, in addition to his retainer, 30 guineas a day, and a like sum was paid to Mr Serjeant Parry, who came into the case on July 22 The three juniors received, one 50 guineas, and the two others 23 guineas per dot To Mr. George Lewis we understand that a fee of a thousand guineas was paid for his exertions in the case from beginning to end. The At torney General Mr Gorst, and Mr. Poland being counsel for the Treasury, the fees were not marked on their briefs The total of witnesses examined was ii in addition to which there was an enormous mass of documentary evidence introduced The witnesses comprised men so eminent in their respective departments as Sir William Gall, Professor Redwood, Dr. Johnson, and Mr Payne, while all the servants of the Priory appeared in turn before the coroner. DREADFUL RAILWAY ACCIDENT. FOURTEEN PERSONS KILLED. (FROM THE STANDARD, AUG 9) Information! eachedBiistolyeaterday morning that a terrible accident had occurred on the Somerset and Dorset Railway Late on Monday all kinds of rumours were afloat as to the extent of the catastrophe and it was midday before anything like reliable particulars could be ascertained The accident was one of the most serious that has occurred in the neighbourhood for a number of years As ascertained at present, 14 persons have been killed and about as many injured The accident occurred between Radstock and Mellow on the Somerset and Dorset Railway The line is a single, leased by the Midland and South Western Railway jointly It is supposed to be worked on the absolute block system, but u is evident that the cause of the accident was some failure on the port of the signalman either at the Braysdown siding a little way from Radstock or on the part of the Stationmaster at Wellow. So far as could be gathered on the spot yesterday the porter, Alf Darbon a young man 21 years of age, was on duty at the Easdown siding and he positively asserts that his signals were right when the accident happened, whereas the stationmaster at Willow also asserts that no signal of danger had been forwarded to him The contradiction between the railway servants is stated to be very positive, and it is hardly probable that the full facts concerning this part of the melancholy disaster will be known until the coroners inquest on travels them. There were three officials on duty at M yellow, and they state that they gave proper notice of the despatch of the train from their side, but, as has been said, this is contradicted by the signalman at the Brajadown siding, who denies having received any notice of any approaching train from Willow when he let the train from Radstock pass his box. It seems that on Monday a Liberal demonstration was being held at a place called Mitford, a station and way between Bath and Radstock, and that about a quarter past 11 at night a team consisting of an engine 12 mixed carriages and a couple of guards' vans, was despatched from Bath to bring back the excursionists This train was supposed to leave Bath empty, and only to be sent forward to bring back the excursionists from the Liberal fete It happened, however, that a large party at Radstock had been disappointed in going to Bournemouth, the tram being full, and they decided to go to Bristol to spend the bank holiday Most of these people were in humble positions of Use, consisting principally of miners, and assistants at the Waite grave Arms and the Commercial Hotel in Radstock. They were aware that a late train would leave Bath for Mitford, to bring back the excursionists from the fete, and they availed themselves of this for their words rate opportunity of returning to their home. There is no turn-table at Mitford, and the line being a single one, the Bath train had to go on to Radstock to reverse between the "home" and the distance signal. At Braysdown Junction it collided with an excursion train from Bournemouth to Bath and Bristol. Being bank holiday, cheap excursions had been run to Bournemouth, and the one that came into collision was first of two that were put on to convey the holiday makers back to Bristol. Neither of the trains were proceeding at a very great speed, and it is said that the train from Bath was almost stationary. Both engines were running front on, and the most extraordinary part of the accident is that neither of them is damaged to anything like the extent one would imagine, considering the frightful loss of life that resulted from the collision. The funnels of both engines became locked, but only the leading wheel of one of them left the rail, and both of them were enabled to be run off the scene of the accident in tow of another engine. The driver of the train from Bath was named Hamlin, and neither he nor his fireman, Shepherd, were injured. The driver of the Bournemouth train, named Bishop, was slightly injured by a flesh wound, and the fireman, named Cadby, also escaped unhurt. It was very different with the carriages attached to the train from Bath, It will be remembered that this was a long train, and pretty nearly empty. It is not known exactly what the number of people in it was, but most probably they did not exceed SO. They were all riding in the first two coaches behind the engine, only a guard's van being between them and the locomotive. The Bournemouth train, being heavily laden, stood the shock, and very little harm was done to the occupants of it, with the exception of a few persons in the leading compartment being shaken; but the effect upon the Bath train was simply terrible. In an instant seven or eight of the twelve carriages were smashed to atoms. The three Gmt carriages were knocked into one another, the framework being knocked into a heap of splinters. On the top of these was the guard's van of the Bath tram, and lying right underneath, the head being visible on one side and the legs on the other, was the body of the guard Wells, who was killed on the spot. The other carriages of the Bath train were knocked on either side of the road, and for a distance of 100 yards or so along the line the road was covered with the air of the broken carriages. SHOCKING TRAGEDY IN SOUTH WALES. (from the home news ) A terrible crime was committed in Cape earthenware, on August 10, by a butler, who shot his master and his daughter, and then committed suicide. It appears that Mr. John Johns, aged 75, of Dolan Cothy, a small village between Lampeter and Land every, had given notice to his butler, Henry Tremble, an Irishman, to leave his service At a little after 10 o'clock on the above morning Tremble, who was to quit the house during the day, and had given up his key, went into the library and deliberately shot Mr Johns in the breast. No one was with Mr Johns at the time but the aseaBein and no one heard the report. He then shut the door, went towards the kitchen, and saw Mrs Cookman, a married daughter of deceased, giving in structions to the cook. He levelled his gun, fired, and struck her in the thigh. In the general consternation name of the servants went to look for Mr. Johns, and the unfortunate gentleman was found in the library weltering in his blood, and he died soon afterwards. The murderer then left the house, and went to his home in the village, where he shot himself with a pistol in the presence of his wife. Mr. Johns, who was 75 years of age, had been intimately connected as magistrate with the administration of the affairs of the county of Carmarthen for some years past Tremble wished to obtain the lease of the Dolan Cothy Arms a tavern near to Mr. Johns' residence, and the refusal of that gentleman to grant it to him supplies some motive, though a very inadequate one, for the crime, as he took the re- jection of his final appeal very much to heart, believing that as an old servant he had a prior claim. He betrayed no revengeful or angry spirit after the first few days subsequent to the refusal, and did his work as inlimrntrmrimpnfthftmurder Mrs Cook usualupto the time of the murder. Mrs Cook roan lies in acnticalcondition,and the news of her father's death has been as yet kept from her. Mr. Johns s maternal grandfather, Mr Powell, was murdered near the same place about 100 years ago. Light men with blackened faces entered his residence, and after sacking the house strangled him. One man escaped, and another gave evidence against his six associates, who were convicted and hanged at Hereford. The jury in the inquest on Mr. Johns has returned a verdict of wilful murder against Henry Tremble, and the jury in Tremble'a case returned a verdict of felo de se. RIOTING IN BELFAST. (moir THE EUROPEAN M VIL ). In Belfast, on August 16, the procession of the Catholics resulted in some noting. The procession was marshalled in Smithfield square, and started off through the leading thoroughfares, with banners and music. The procession passed through Belfast on its way to Hannah8town, and in the streets there were several skirmishes. There was a good deal of stone throwing, and nine persons were taken to the hospital The riots were renewed on August 10 and the town was in a most excited condition, especially in the neighbourhood of the 1 all road and the ShankhiU-road, the headquarters of the Orange and Catholic "roughs" Stones were thrown at the con- Stabulary, and so alarming was the state of affairs that the military (horse and foot had to be called out to assist the constabulary in the preservation of peace. Upwards of 40 persons were injured. A great many windows were smashed. At the Ulster terminus a band from Dundalk was attacked by the Orange mob, their uniforms being considered offensive Stones were flung at the bandsmen, who only escaped more serious ill-treatment through the energy of the police. The "Lady Day" celebrations on the part of the Nationalists have been the cause of the rioting. They are regarded as counter demonstrations to the annual celebrations in July and August of the opposite party in Ulster, On August 17 Belfast continued in a very excited state, and from 3 o'clock in the morning detach- ments of the 27th Enniskillen were in the streets assisting the constabulary, number- ing 1 400, in the preservation of the peace. On August 10 there was an attempt at renewal of disturbances. About 11 o'clock at night the bell of the Drew Memorial Church rang, and a cry was raised that it was going to be wrecked by the Roman Catholic mob This church was erected in memory of the late Dr Drew, a well known Protestant divine, who took an active part in connexion with the Orange movement. A strong force of constabulary were soon on the spot They were afterwards augmented by military, and the disturbance was quelled without assuming a serious form. Some of the police force were badly beaten. Since then the borough has continued in a quiet state. MISCELLANEOUS. Messrs. Archd M'Millan and Son, of Dum barton, recently launched the Wotonga, a screw steamer of 1 000 tons, for the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, of Sydney The Wotonga is handsomely fitted up for 150 first and second class passengers, and is to be commanded by Captain Harvie. At the meeting of the shareholders in the Bank of Australasia, held on August 14 the report was adopted and a dividend of 26s. per share declared. A retiring pension of £1 500 per annum was voted to Mr. D C. Macarthur, who resigned his post as superintendent of branches The chairman said that business was reviving. A fearful story is reported at Lloyd's. Last January the Liverpool ship San Rafael, from Birkenhead to Valparaiso with coals, was totally destroyed by fire off Cape flora Eleven of the crew were picked up a fortnight later, after having suffered fearful privations from two of the vessel's boats and landed in London in April by the ship Yorkshire, from Melbourne line longboat, containing Captain M'Adams, his wife, the carpenter, four seamen, and three 90's, which left the vessel along with the other boats, parted company, and it now appears that the persons above named all landed on New Years Island, near Cape Horn, and, as the island is barren and uninhabited, they have evidently starved slowly to death, as a vessel recently arrived at Stanley, Falkland Isles, reports having discovered the bodies of eight men and one woman on the island, and these are supposed to be the missing boats crew of the San Rafael. It is reported that Cardinal Antonelli is suffering from gout, which threatens at times to extend to his stomach, and also from an illness which gives him such pain that some times he becomes unconscious. When slightly recovered, he goes to the Pope again and gives audiences. In a day or two he has another attack. This, with one or two days rest from pain in the week, has been his life for more than a year. 