Opening of the Maryborough Bridge. {Abridge from ike Km*.) The weather on New Tear's Day was more favourable to die T^mfMy^g attending tsh£ above event titan h*d been at first anticipated, and die procession began to gather at aa early hour. By about half -past nine die procession was formed, extending from about Howard's bridge on die reserve, to opposite the Royal rTot-^. Thecolnmo commenced its march a little before ten o'clock, turning no Richmond street, and then retnrmng by EUena and Adelaide streets to the Gayndah road, and foUowxngtiiat tboronghfare till it turned down Ferry-street to reach the bridge In the ^ayiwah. nod tsbe procession was joined and headed by the bridge workmen escorting Mr. Robertson m his new baggy, the conventional drawing of die vehicle being represented by a long bine ribbon attached to the shafts heW by die body of men marching, m front of die horse. After this came Mr. King driven by tiie Mayor, followed by sever*! vehicles con taining aldermen and members of the com mittee. The four Sunday schools followed, belonging to the Churches of England and Borne, die Wesleyans and die Presbyterians. These made up a total of about twelve hun dred boys and girls. The Church of Fngland and Wesleyans carried large banners, ana all carried a number of small flags. Behind them came tie Oddfellows, in regalia, duly beaded and manihslled by ?rhw*' officers * then die Protestant Alliance, displaying their orange and bine scarfs and rosettes. The Good Templars, in collars and regalia, f*amf* neit, and several !»*?**??» m»rffr**l jn riy^r ranks, No other Temperance societies ap peared, as tiie members generally joined in toe Sood Templar ranks. The Scandinavians fol lowed, wiajrfiing in strict mililjry order, bear ing the nit'wig^ colours of Denmark, Sweden. aod Norway, preceded by a banner inscribed in Danish with mottoes of die society. The English ud German branches of the Working Men's T^aggf* ^ow^d t^ift procession, in num bers far fTwo^ing any other society, and carrying banners and rosettes. Part of diis body also marched in good order and time, -bat widi die two exceptions named we cannot congratiilate die adult processionistB on the Drecision of dieir march nor the closeness of their ranks. The whole colnmn numbered* in aD, abont twelve hundred children and eight hundred adnlts, and its march, was en livened by the stains of the town band. On arriving at die bridge it was found to be gaily decorated with flags, with inscription plates bearing die names of the Governor, Premier, Minister for Works, and Mayor. The procession marched right across' die struc ture and back again, when die Minister for Works, widi a nnmber of gendemen of die committee mounted a small platform, erected at die right hand side of the town approach to die bridge. At tbie time there could not have been less than from four to five thousand people, *4i-l-1rpTi and adults, assembled round the spot. The Town Clerk then read in a clear voice f&e; following address : — To the Honorable H. E. King, Minister for Works. Sir,— We, tiie Municipal Connal of Maryborough, on behalf of our fellow niriypnw, beg to ex^ressto yon and your colleagaes the satisfaction we fed at the completion of tine Maryborough Bridge. We fed. Sir, that it is to the Ministry of Which you are a member that we owe tiie recognition by Parliament of the necessity of completing tiie main line of traffic to Gympie by bridging tiie Mary river. Tear after year we had plainly called attention to the neces sity of tins work, bnt it n not until Mr Macalister assumed the rctas of power taat any Government would undertake it, and it is with gratitude we acknowledge tiie active share that you personally hare taken in urging its completion. Standing on tiiis hand, some and substantial stmcttue, an ornament to oar town, and a boon to oar district, we a^in beg to express our gratitude to the Government which undertook its cuuslmction and our admiration of tiie mww- jn which UK work has been carried out. We remain, on behalf of the Municipal Council, E. & Booker, Mayor, J. Cunningham, Town Clerk. Mr. King came forward amidst enthusiastic cheering and in a few appropriate words, declared tire bridge open, explaining that, in order to finish details, it would have to be aaun dosed for a fortnight. The children then sang the National Antiiem, led by Me Morgan, and accompanied by Mr. tfja on the cornet Several cheers were then given to Mr. King and the Mayor, who naponded in a short speech. The assembly tiiea dispersed, the children remain ing in the botanic reserve to partake of the imod tilings provided for Hum, and enjoy all manner of games and amusements. THE BANQUET. The banquet given in crMintion of the opening of the bridge, na held on Saturday night in tiie Town Hall, which, lit up for such an *'nrittn, looks exceedingly welL Th» sh^e raair-. capital tables, broad, solid, and firm, and can be readily and speedily ad justed. About one hundred and forty people at down to table, including the guests, the Minister for Works, Postmaster-General, Member for Wide Bay, and tiie Gympie cricketers. After justice bad been done to Mr. Woodward's catering. The Chairman (Mr. Booker) proposed tiie bealttof theQaeenand tie Governor, wiicb vme musically and enthusiastically received. The Chairman then proposed ' Our Gueste,' | mentioning tiie Ministers anil tiie Gympie cricketers. Mr. King said'tiiat he had always enjoyed himself at public receptions in Maryborough, and never more than on tibat occasion. He ' must congratulate tiie town on that day's demonstration. It was sufficient to show that I the work was not a concession to a political j cry bat the satisfaction of an actual want- It would show strangers that in population, I Maryborough ranked among tiie principal towns of the colony, and was entitled to take! a leading part in politacs. He hoped it would j make evident to otiier districts tiiat here wae a large and settled population which was entitled to other and more important public works. Be hoped also that he would be present in that hall to celebrate the commence ment of those works, and fbat everything1 would go on as pleasantly as had been tiie case on that occasion. (Cheers). Long and continued cries were raised for tiie ' Gympie men, tile names of Messrs. Chappie and Bogecs being especially mentioned. Mr. Chappie, after some delay, rose and ''?mwI himself from speaking, as there were more important visitors -prestait, Mr. KB. C. Corser proposed 'The Minis try and Parliament of Queensland'' in a short eulogistic speech. The Hon. Geo. Thorn replied for the Legis lative ConncO. He had been much pleased I with bis trip, and what he had seen in Mary borough. There was do doubt that tiiis town I had been overlooked in the past, but the present Ministry intended to do it justice, as . indeed they intended to do justice to every part of the colony. The demonstration he had | witnessed was a credit to the colony, and i manifested the importance of the city. Speak ing for tiie House witii which he had tiie hnaourof being connected, he would say that they had not done amiss. Their duty was to correct and review the action of the popnUr branch of the Legislature. Compared with tho« of otiier colonies, the Council of Queens- | land had not gone far astzay ; tiley would , always find die Upper Bouse willing to agree ; to anything really desired by the popular \ branch. He hoped this would not be the last time that he would be present at a Mary borough gathering, for he hoped to be here at the faw^^iwjy of the first sod of tiie cailway (Great cheers.) Mr. BaOey, the member tor Wide Bay, made a. long speech, in which he was inter rupted, and met with a mixture of gfpl =»««'=? and disaDDrobation. Thev had been sixteen years fighting for tiiat bridge. When a can didate for the Wide Bay district, he was asked for two pledges — 'Will yon support the party of progress, the liberal Party f and ' WtU you go in for tiie bridge over the Mary Kiver?' These were the only two pledges he gave. (A Voice : ' Not about the rafl«ny?') Not at at that time. Not long ago Tie had been denounced as a traitor about this' very bridge. He had not replied to that accusation, etc From the CtromirU we condense tiie fol lowing account of interviews between Mary borough deputations and Mr. K'ing_ which took place on tiie 5th instant :— the kanaka ocEsnoy. The first deputation was from tiie Working Men's Protection League. The Chairman, Mr. Thomas Jemensen, opened proceedings by banding in a long memorial ' To the Bight Honorable H. E. King,' ic It pointed out the 'dispiritous' effect that Poly nesian immigration was having upon tiie European population, and declared it ^ould have tiie effect of 'driving many from tins to the other colonies where they will not have to compete with tiie kanakas in tiie labour market thereof.' After miwhaTlmg five other reasons in favour of ' legislative icterveution, Mr. Jemeuson con clnded by apostrophising thus : — ' Know ing as we do that you ever have the welfare and prosperity of the colony at heart, and tiie rights of tiie mh«hifaink, of Queensland, we tznst yon will respond to our calL Your - doing so wul be conferring a boon od tiiis, our i adopted country, worthy of being handed ' down to all posterity in the annals of the i history of Queensland, and your name will become as a memorial and a watchword in the { home of every British workman. Your doing : so wiU oblige. And your Petitioners will ever i pray. We have the honour to remain, your i bumble and obedient servants.' Bat Mr. Jemensen had not done vet. After! his signature and the date, came a postscript, which in other than ladies' letters often con- 1 tains the most important passages. It ran tfans : — | 'Anoujer matter requiring serious con sideration is, tiiat owing to the many now out of employment in this town, and seeing tiiat so many Polynesians is daily arriving, it will be necessary tiiat some steps be taken to pi event any riotous measures being taken to obtain food, which is most likely to be the end of such a state of tilings; or means will have to be taken to send them to some of the otiier colonies— eo many being desirous to leave Queensland. And pray that you will endeavour to find some employment on some public works, and prohibit, as far as possible, any farther influx of the Polynesians to Mary borough.** Mr. King said the aaonorial tiiat be had just leadaSaded to twosubjecta— the Kanaka question and public work*. He thoroughly sympathised wfti. tiie deputation, teem tiiere was no doubt that Kanakas were being employed for purposes Out wen never can tempbted when act the was framed. In the western districts tins grievance was Celt even more than here, for there, Kanakas were being employed in every capacity, and the Euro peans actually driven from the colony. Bat the difficnlty was to find a remedy. To repeal the Act would simply mean to allow the traffic to be carried on unrestricted, and it was con trary to the Imperial constitntian to prohibit any foreignere bom coming into the colony. As to commencing public works, of course tiiat would be impossible until sanctioned by die Legislature. The present Ministry bad tried to initiate a large public work— tiie nil way— in the district, but it had not passed the The Secretary of tiie League then 'took up tiie ranning,' bnt only elicited the fallow Mr. King said that no amount of talking would be of benefit; he would prefer to bear someone suggest a remedy. The Secretary, returning to tiie charge, thought that if the isJandWlrages were raised to £18 a-yesr, people would not be so willing to employ them. Mr. Feilberg pointed out what be considered a piece of injustice. The boyE were engaged at the Islande to some agent On their amral here tiiis agent bad tiie power, or assumed the power, to transfer these boys fa- any em ployer he wished, and to send them to aary part of the colony. He supposed tin was legal, because the agreement were made be fore tiie Polynesian Inspector, and the boys were supposed to be made to 'understand whs* they were doing. Be referred more particu larly to the boys by tiie schooner ESbvL In that ease the boys were sent off to the Bsnno, a most nnheaity P'* -* lix countrj Car Islanders, and a part of the country to which be was rare they would never have gone bad they thoroughly understood tins nature of their '8mTe!IR C. Comer aid tint the boys bad to be engaged to some responsible person in the first instance. This person held a license for certain districts, and could only send: tiie boys to these districts. Mr. King promised to mention the several points winch had been uuught sofwsrd to tiae Cabinet^ and to answer the memorial by If I4el from Bnsbsne. THE BJULfTAT ASX- PCnTJTJ WOBKS. Mr. E. B. Corser, as spokesman of a depu tation from the Chamber of Commerce, opened the business by requesting a pledge from lir» King tiiat tiie Maryborough railway should be inclndedin tiie next Ministerial programme. The very successful manner in which the showed tiiat tiiere would be no dsffienf^ in. raising money. He believed tiiat a pledge ha* been given that the Stantfanrne line should be voted next session, and he now asked for a pledge that the Marvbonongh line should be tiie first started, or, at all events, tiiat it be started simultaneously vitil tint to Stan thorpe. The Boms grant was only passed because it formed part of a large loan, whereas ours coming separate was refused. The Chamber of Commerce would be wining to gather statistics, or tutiun such otiier infbr 1 illation as might be considered necessary to ; further the prospects of a railway when tins i House met. ! Mr. E. Jones supported tiie bat speaker. He thought a line should be carried to the S.W. to Uympie, and thence to the W., and if it did not join on to tiie Dalby line, it should so very near it. The lines ranning at the back of ns were tapping our txmffic, and no better proof of what we had lost could be ' given than to quote tiie Postmaster-GeneraTs | words— thatthe English mail for Maryborough I was more important ten or twelve years bask than now. I Mr. King said tiiat when the loan estimate, were brought forward they contained' three raflwaywteniE, viz., tiie Dalby, Gympie, and Brisbane connection lines. They were put ttruiiim, and Gympie was lost. The Dalby and Boma vote was not inr-lmfoj in any otiier loan. In fact, such a connse could not be pur sued, because tbe plans of a proposed line bad to be laid before the House, and examined and approved before tiie money was voted. He was not prepared to pledge his Govern ment, nor would such a tiling be prudent whue the Premier was absent m fagiand, because what he heard from tiiere would have some weight when he returned. But he would pledge himself to do his best both inside and outside tbe House to obtain tiie loan. With regard to where tile line would junction, tiiat was a nutter for after considera tion. He would like to see the first section to Gympie completed, witii a branch off from abont Gootchie to «a™nl't» Creek. Any information the Chamber could give would be valued. People would not believe how igno rant some members were of the capahilitag of tiiis district. What he should suggest would be that one of the papers send a reporter out to visit the mmes and the land on Barambah Creek. A Benes of interesting and valnable artacltt might thus be formed, and the Banmbau Creek land would be found to be quite equal to tiiat on the Darling Downs. In answer to Mr. Gardner, Mr. King said that tiie tender for tiie new Court House bad been accepted, and that tiie rfy «^r lately btiflt in Brisbane was f or the Mary Biver, bnt three or four months must elapse before she would be ready for service, when tin new dredge came from England a dfcadge would be sent to the Mary. In answer to a remark by Mr. Booker, Mr. King said that be had instructed Mr. BratK to snrvey and report npon the cost of tnakia* tiie approaches to a ferry at the Yengarieand tiie tindah road. H tbe expttaTwai not great, and tbe Corporation would give a punt, the Government ^anriri m.fc. «.„ £_: Ifc Mr. Gardner again, he said that it was not tiie intention of tie Government to throw open tbe Maryborough bridge free. If they aid, all other briigeB throughout tiie colony must be treated the nose. An agitation was ! being got op to throw open die Brisbane ferule, and tf Oat cucmeded, why, the Maryborough font would likewise live ta be thrown, open. The Maryborough charges were, however, only half of those nude in Brisbane. For his own part, he wu opposed to .opening the bridges free. Uwje tuife pro duced between ten aad tnin thousand ?-year, sod tint would pay interest on a *ay ] lar^anm which might be borrowed and spent on other improvements, the Maryborough bridge would not be let, becMlse it was impos sible to say how long it would be before ft wastiuwvu opwi 