Opening of the Maryborough Bridge. I {Abridged from Hie Keim.) Tin: weather on New Year's Day waa more favourable to tho ceremonies attending thc above event than hw! boen at first anticipated, i ami tlie procession began tn gather at an carly hour. By about half-past nine thc procession was formed, extending from about Howard's bridge on tho reserve, to opposite thc lioyal Hotel. Thc column commenced its march a little before ten o'clock, turning up Hiekuioml stroet, and then returning by Kllena and ! Adelaide streets to tho Gayndah road, and followingthatthoroughfare till it turned down I Fcvry-street to reach tho bridge. In the i 'j ay udah road the procession was joined atul I headed by the bridge workmen escorting Mr. Robertson in Iiis new buggy, the conventional drawing of the vehicle being represented by a i long blue ribbon attached to thewafts hell by the body of men marching in front of the horse. After this came Mr. Kiug driven by I the Mayor, followed by several vehicles cou ! tniuing aldermen and members of the enm ! mittue. The four Sunday schools followed, I bulonging to the Churches nf England and I Homo, the Wesleyans and tho Presbyterians. Thesit made np a total of about twelve hun- dred boys and girls. Tho Church ot England and Wesleyans camed large banners, and nil caajed ^.iiumJw-r ítUíllulU.'""!^ îcgaVïa4, duly headed and marshalled hy their officers ; then the Protestant Alliance, displaying their orange and blue scarfs and rosettes. The Good Templars, in collars and regalia, came next, ami several ladies inarched in theil ranks. No other Temperance societies ap- peared, ns thc members generally joined in the Good Templar ranks. Tho Scandinavians fol- lowed, marching in strict military order, bear- ing thc national colours nf Denmark, Sweden, !aud Norway, preceded hy a hauuer inscribed in Danish with mottoes of the society. The English and German branches of the Working ! Men's Ijcaguo closed the procession, in linni I hers far exceeding any other society, and carrying banners and rosettes. l'art of this body also marched in good order and time, but with thc two exceptions named we cannot congratulate thc adult processionists on the precision of their march nor thc closeness I of their ranks. Thu whole column numbered, in nil, about twelve hundred children and eight hundred adults, and its march was en- livened by the strains of the town hand. tin arriving nt. the bridge it was found to bc gaily decorated with flags, with inscription plates bearing thc names of the Governor, Premier, Minister for Works, ond Mayor. The procession marched right across thc struc- ture and hack again, wheu the Minister for Works, with a number of gentlemen of the committee mounted a small platform, erected at thc right hand side of the. town approach tu thu bridge. At this time there coul l not have been less than from four to five thousand people, childrui and adults, assembled round the spot. The Town Clerk then read in a clear voice tho following address : -To the Honorable H. E. King, Minister for Works. Sir,-Wc, the Municipal Council of Maryborough, on behalf of our fellow citizens, beg to express to you and your colleagues thc satisfaction we feel at thc completion of the Maryborough Bridge. Wc feel, Sir, that it is to the Ministry of which you arc a member that wc oive tho recognition by Parliament of thu necessity ol completing flin main linc of traflie to Gympie by bridging the Mary river. Year after year w-e h id plainly called attention to the neces- sity of tin's work, but it was not until Mr. Macalister assumed the reins of power that, any Government would undertake it, and it is with gratitude we acknowledge tim active share that you personally hive taken in urging its completion. Standing on fhifi hand- some and substantial structure, an oruatnout to our town, and a boon to our district, wc again beg to express our ./latitude to thc Government which undertook its construction and our admiration of thc manner in which the work has been carried out. Wc remain, on behalf .if the Municipal Coomal, E. S. Honker. Mayor, .1. Cunningham. Town Clerk. Mr. Kiug came forward amidst enthusiast ic cheering, and in a few appropriate words, declared thc bridge open, explaining that, in order to finish details, it wuuhl have to be again closed for n fortnight. Thc children then sang the Nitional Anthem, led by Mr. Morgan, and noro iipaiiiod by Mr. liilj i on thc cornet. Several cheers were then given tn Mr. King and thc Mayor, who responded io a short speech. Thc assembly then dispersed, the children remain- ing in the botanic reserve to partake of thc good things provided for them, and enjoy all manner of games and amusements. TIIK BANiJl'ET. Thc lian.juot inven in celebration of ,I,C opening of the bridge, was held on Saturday night in thc Town Hall, which, lit up f..'r such an occasion, looks cxi-ccdingly well. Th i stage makes capital tables, broad. s..|id, ami tirm. and can bc readily and speedily ad justed. About one hundred and fortv pimple sat down to tilde, including tho guests, (he Minister for Work«, I'nstnnEtcr- lient'r.il, Member for Wide Hay, and the Gympie crieketcrs. After justice had been done to i Mr. Woodward's catering. Thc Chairman (Mr. Honker) proposai thc health of the Queen and the Governor, which , were musically and enthusiastically received. , Tho Chairman then proposed "Our Guests," mentioning the Ministers and thc Gympie cricketers. Mr. King said that he had always enjoyed himself at public rercptions iu Maryborough, aud never more than, on that occasion, ile must congratulate the town on that day's demonstration. It was sufficient to show that tho work was »ot a concession to a political cry but thc satisfaction of au actual want. It would show strangers that in peculation, Maryborough ranked among the principal towns of thc colony, and was entitled to take a leading part in politics. Ile hoped it would make evident to other districts that herc was a large and settled population which was entitled to other and more important public works. Ile hoped also that he would bp present in that hull to celebrate thc commence- ment of those works, and that everything I would go on ns plensnntly ns had been the case on that occasion. (Cheers). Long and continued cries were raised for the 1 Gympie men, the names of Messrs. Chapple and Bogers being especially mentioned. Mr. Chapple, after some delj-y, rose and excused himself' from speaking, os there were more important visitors present. Mr. K. R. C. Corser trmposml "Th« Minis- try and Parliament of Queensland " in a short euloïïistic speech. Thc Hon. Coo. Thorn replied for Om Legis- lative Council. He bail been mud) pleased with bis trip, and what bubal »cen in Mary- borough. There was uo doubt that IIIÍB town lind buen overlooked in thu past, but tho present Ministry intended to do it justice, as indeed they intended to flo justice to every part of thc colony. The demonstration he had witnosed was a credit to thc colony, and manifested the importance of thc city. Speak- ing for tho House with which he had tho honour of being connected, hu would say that they had not done amiss. Their duty was to correct and review the action of the popular branch of the Legislature. Compared with timm! «f other colonies, the Council of Queens- land had not gone far astray ; they would always lind the Upper Qou4c willing to agree to aiiythiug really desired by thc popular branch. He hoped this *woubi not bo tho lost time that he would bc present nt a Mary- borough gathering, for he honed to bc herc at the turning of the first sou of thc railway, ((?rcat cheers.) Mr. Bailey, tho member for Wide Bay, made a long speech, iu which he was inter- rupted, and met with a mixture of applause and disapprobation. They had been Bixteen years fighting for that bridge. When a can- didate for the Wide Bay district, he was asked for two pl.'dijes-" Will you support the party of progress, tbe Liberal Party ?" and " Will you go iu for the bridge over the Mary Uiver?" These were the only two pledges be gavp. (A Voice : " Not about the railway*") Not al at that time. Not long ago he bad buen denounced ns a traitor about this *ery bridge. He luid not replied to that accusation, etc. From tho C/ironMc wo oondcnsc tho fol- lowing account of interviews between Mary- borough deputations odd Mr. King, which took place on the 5th instant : TIÏK KANAKA Ql'IMTIOir. Thc first deputation was from the Working Men's Protection League. The Chairman, Mr. Thomas JemciiBcu, opened proceedings by handing iu a long memorial " To the Hight Honorable H. E. King," &c.; It pointed out Hie "dispiritous" effect that Poly- nesian immigration was having upon thc Huronean population, aud declared it would have the effect of "driving many from this to the other colonies where they will not have to compete with the kanakas in the labou r market thereof. " After marshalling five other reasons in favour of legislative intervention, Mr. .reineuson con- cluded by apostrophising thus :-" Know- ing as we do that you ever have the welfare and prosperity of the colony at heart, and the rights of the inhabitants of Queensland, we trust you will respond to our call. Your doing so will be conferring a boon on this, our adopted country, worthy of being hauded duwn to all pusterity in thc annals of thc teouic àsfa'jnLMnorfâîlimî a watchword in the home of every British workman. Your doing so will oblige. And your Petitioners will ever praj'. We have the honour to remain, your bumlilc and obedient servants." But Mr. .lenionsen bail not done yet. After his signature ami thc dale, came a postscript, which in other than ladies' letters often con- tains the most important passages, lt ian thus : "Another matter requiring serious con- sideration is, that owing to the many now out of employment in this town, and seeing that so many Polynesians is daily airiving, it will be necessary that some steps be taken to prevent any riotous measures being taken to obtain food, which is most likely to bc the end of such a state of things ¡ or means will have to bc taken to send them to some of thc other colonies-so many being desirous to leave Queeusland. And pray that yon will endeavour to lind some employment on some public works, and prohibit, as far as possible, any further influx of the Polyuesiaus to Mary- borough." Mr. King said the memorial that bo had just read alluded to two subjects-thc Kanaka question anil public works, lie thoroughly sympathised wfth the deputation) because there was no doubt that Kanakas were being employed for purposes that were «ever con- templated when tho act was framed. In the western districts this grievance was felt even iniwo than berc, for there, Kauakas were being employed in every capacity, and the Lnro pcans actually driven from the colony. But the difficulty was to find a remedy. To repeal tbe Act would simply mean to allow the traine to bo carried on unrestricted, and it was con- trary to the Imperial constitution to prohibit any foreigners from coming into thc colony. As to commencing public works, of course I that would bc impossible until sanctioned by thc Legislature. Thc present Ministry bad I tried to initiate a large public work-the rail- way-in tho district, but it had not passed the House. The Secretary nf the League then "took up thc running," but only elicited the follow- ing rcj*y : - Mr. Kiug said that no amount of talking would he of henelit ; he would prefer to bear smnrouc suggest a remedy. Thc Secretary, returning to thc charge, thought that if the islanders' wages were raised to £1S a-year, people would «ot be so willing to employ them. Mr. Feillicrg pointed mit what lie cousidcred s piece of tiijuetïco. Thc hays were engaged at the Islands to some agent. On their arm'nl here this agent lind thc po woe, or assumed thu power, lu transfer these hoys to any em- ployer he wished, ami to send them tn any »tart of the colony. He supposed thia was ie#il, becai i PC the agreements were made be- fore thc Polynesian inspector, anti the boys wert supposed to bc made tn understand what tiny were doing. He referred more particu- larly tn the boys hy thc schooner Sibyl, in that case the buys were sent oö to thc Barcoo, a mont unhealty ]>art i>f thc country for Islanders, and apart of ( li«: country to which he WAR sure they wool.I never havc^nnc had they thoroughly understood thc nature of their agiecincntF, Mr. IS. JJ. C. ('-nifjcr said that the boys had to bo ci.L'a»cd to MIUIC responsible person in thc íii'fit insti.ucp, ïhis jorunu held a license for c crt xiii distiic<s, and could only eend the i*oys tn those districts. Mr. Kin/ promised to mention thc Rêverai points which had been brought fitnv ard tu thc < "ahmet, and t<> answer the uiiuiorial by letter I from Brisbane. 1 THI: iMiMVAV AMI r' lti.ir WORKS. I Mr. E. H. C^rsur, us KpnU^Kmnn nf a tU'pn ' talion from thc*'lumber «if Commerce, npenml thc business by rc(|nesting a pledge from Mr. King that thc Slaryhnron^h railway should bc included in thc next .Ministerial programme. The very successful manner in which the t¿uccn aland debentures bud been taken up showed that there would bc no difficulty in raising ninney. He believed that a pledge hat! been given, that tho Stanthorpe line should be voted next session, and Jie now asked for a pledge that the Maryborough Hue should be the first started, or, at all events, that it be started simultaneously with that to Stan- thorpe. The lloma grant wss only passed because it formed part of a large loan, whereas ours coming sepárate was refused. The Chamber of Commerce would be willing to gather statistics, or gather such other infor- mation ns (night be considered necessary to further thc prospects of a railway when tho House met. .j . Mr. It. Jones supported tho last speaker. He thought a line should bo carried to thc S.W. to Gympie, and thence to the W., and if it did not jain on to the Dalby line, it should go very near it. Thc lines running at fie back of us were tapping our traffic, and no better proof of what we fiad lost could be given than to quote the Postmaster-General'* words-that the English miiil for Maryborough was more important ten or twelve years back than now. Mr. King siid that when the loan estimates wrre brought forward th«v contained three railwav items, viz., thc Dalby, Gympie, and Brisbane connection lines. They were put t-rínfím, and Gympi» wss lost. The Dalby and lloma vote was not included, in any other loan. In fact, such a course could not he pur- sued, because the platts of a proposed line lind to bc laid before the House, and examined and approved before thc money was voted.. He was not prepared to pledge bis Otivern incnt, nor would suck a thing he prudery^ while thc Premier was absent iii England because wbat bo heard from there would have some weight when bc returned. But bo would pledge himself tn do his best both inside sud tiutsidc the House to obtain tho lom. With regard to where the line would junction, that was A matter for after cousidera tion. He would like to see the first section to i iympie completed, with a branch off (rom about Gootchie to Barambah Creek. Any , information the Chamber could give would bo ^ valued. People would not believe how igno- rant some members were of tho capabilities of this district. What, lie ? should suggest would be that one of the' papers I send a reporter out to visit the, - mines and the land on Barambah Creek. A series af interesting and ' valuable : articles might thus be formed, and the Barambah Creek land would be found to be quite equal to that on the Darling Downs. In answer to Mr. Gardner, Mr. Ring said that thc tender for tho new Court Honse had been accepted, and that the steamer lately built in Brisbane was for the Mary Uiver, but throe or four months must elapse before she i would be really for service. When the new dredge came from England a dredge would be sent to the Mary. In auswer to a remark by Mr, Booker, Mr. King said that ho had instructed Mr. Bragg to survey and report upon the cost of making the approaches to a ferry at the Yengarie anil the lindah road. If the expense was not ! groat, and the Corporation would give a punt, ! the Government would make the ferry i approaches. I Tn Mr. Gardner again, be said that it was not thc intention of the Government to throw i open tho Maryborough bridge free. Jf they did, all other bridges throughout the colony I must bc treated the same. An agitation was being got np to throw open the Brisbane ; bridge, and if that succeeded, why, tho ; Maryborough one would likewise have to ! bo thrown open. The Maryborough charges I were, however, only half of those made in I Brisbane. For his own part, he was opposed i to opening the bridges free. These tolls pro- duced between ten aad twelve thousand a-year, and that would pay interest on a very large sum which might be borrowed and spent on other improvements. The Maryborough bridge Would not be let, because it was impov ! silile to say how long it would be before it ; was thrown open. 