~ ,G0L0i2H&L; ITEMS. « j (TNT r~r < pondent, writing under date of September 4, says:—A large party cf horsemen and. pedestrians were'^oi51;"«fi™Sundayv* searching for the missing Mrs. Douglas, but uajbrtofiately without success. As thegpoofi womjSui h^J^been out for fivp dayrLnpfi njglfts, ft.ds^ai-ed^Jhat- cshe must have perished. To-day another party has been out, but as yet (afternoon) their efforts Have been unavailing. A large party will go into Soubier's Scrub to-morrow. The unfortunate 1 woman has been for some time afflicted with melancholia,, and ont the *day< she left hed»omfe_lt H&ppy; Wallfey Said' to her sister-in-law, " I am too wicked to live with any one." William Gordon, the schoolmaster, who was brought up on September 4, on the remandedehafge off ti-espassing in a ladies' sctoof at South "Tarra, was j .dismissed. In Sydney a woman, named Agnes — - Thompson attempted to'commit suicide on September 4, .by ^aking^croton oil. The people of Port Piitie hjye resolved to hold at an early date a Calico Ball in aid of funds for an hospitali—— Mr. Ernest Giles, the explorer, is expected to arrive in Adelaide about the 16th irist.* ; We (Advertiser) undertand that the Government will commence without delay the^North-W^i^jEteml and^Purra Extension lines of railway, starting from the Kapunda and Kooringa termini. At &st; they will undertake the earthwcrks of a short section, probably of about five miles on each line, and will employ about 100 men on 'each. The Governme nt will house rim men in temporary erections,'and all means will be taken to" carry out the work efficiently. TheTdnaxuniim wagesfjwill Jbq. 6s. 6d., and, if neces'ary, the number employed on the lines can be increased. A curious and rather disheartening out-come of the system of payment by results has come to the knowledge of the Ovens and Murray-Advertiser*. A number of girls at one of the country State- schools in the district, who took a disbke.-tq their teacher, jfoimed a con-, spiia^r^io^uifish heri'Triid'iEffeclsed "theii' purpose in this ingenious and discreditable manner. At their examination by the inspector they; by comtrion consent, answered'_pviery question' wrongly; and their teacher of course lost all her hardearned money from this source. The Yiliiers hounds have changed hands, and are about, to proceed to Queensland. . - • • be interesting to Australians to hear?that.Jfc]] e,.jBrotherly Aoye, the vessel . on-; board-"of- wh ich -' the-grea t \- navigator, Captam-"Gooky-~served*"his time as a ships', apprentice and obtained his ceitifieateas mate, is now afloat and..trading, on the Tyne,/having, just left South Shields for/ the Baltic. When we consider it was in the year 1748 that Gook jlearned his first lessons of ^ea®§n-ship. on hoard the^Bi-otherly Love, and that the vessel is-still soundin her timbers, itywould_be"£^ gcarioW act on the parto^f the British nation to preserve this fine old^craftas a grand m omen to. of^nefof lier.early explorers. The Brotherly Love is the property of Mr. James Young, of South; Shields, a gentleman who, whether -Viewed as timagistrate or ja.,ship jowneivis yiniver-S sally respected by every member of the " community where he resides.—IST-.S.W. j Paper. 1 The JSaZlara.t Courier cautions its J readers ^as tothe class-of niufton rth eyconsume, and says it is beyond ail doubt that a great deal of flukey mutton is being sold in Ballarat at present. „ Mr. MTvor, the agricultural chemist,, whom" Mr.JJW: J. Clai'teintfoduceil to1^ Victoria, announces that he'is -enghged upon the production ofuwork fentitied " The^Chemistry of thelEarm," 'j. A distressing accident is reported from Yatta Creek, -"h&r;>Ga^gi^|_to_h5 family named Frost (German), resulting j in the death fif "the youngest chjld, aged j 14 months. On SafuM^^eptembdr:'2l (says the AcfoertisM^/^e'mother was I in Gawler, jhad gone to his work, -leaving the baby in charge of two daughtersythe eldest aged 13. The two girls ran out to drive away some ■ pigs, leaving fhesdhfaiit'- seated'-ia: bet1 chair at the table.- Tn -a -few - minutes ■ the girls toturn^ -ra^»feund yt^ pomchild dead, caught by its head on the seat of the chair, its feet nearly touching the ground, and" its chin resting on. the . chair seat. The chair, being against the wall, could not give way, and the table on the other side so:fixed the child that it could not extricate itself—.The; child had evidently , tried to get out of the chair to follow her sisters, and so got caught. The Tanunda Liedertafel celebrated the anniversary of the battle of Sedan on Friday, September 1, by a ball and banquet. A sum of over j£600 has been discovered in .the-house -of a supposed destitute woman, who-was found dead iu Sydneyon Monday September 4. -The water question is becoming "-more serious daily on the Peninsula;" writes the Wallaroo Times of September 2\. "At Port-Wallaroo the supply in the public tanks is nearly exhausted, at Kadina a difficulty is experienced in procuring water, and at Moonta, that in the Government tanks will probably be found Of great value. At Green's Plains although there is water, the supply is limited." Mr. W.J. Clarke, joffloahuiy, declined to become a candidate for a seat in Legislative Council of Victoria. I The^dn^j ]E'c^o i;elates that sincg ^faOeawce that was f£ield - to ascertain ! *the tbe^ b6afc-raee "between Trickett and Saddler, scores of people have sat around tables until their themselves felt ridiculous trying to get some communi^tiQn,^ipm--thje^pmt^ world«±o §llay tlie^universad anixiety /respecting -the jfo£gfo£. tbejuewljr- bom;. chainpidnship, and in several instances the table tipped Trickett as the winner in thfe match With • Lumsden. -But the most explicit communication was one received through the planchette on Saturday night, the 26th August, when .a spirit announced himself as James /Hansen, boatswain of the frigate"Wasp, one" of the fleet under Sir Hyde Parker, with Nelson second in command, at the "buttle "of Copenhagen in 1801. The Wasp — according to Hansen — got asheie in the Great, Belt -at the time when the Danish'fleet was defeated, and he with others died in the battle. jXho old naval hero was interrogated as to his knowledge respecting the boat race, and he very civilly- wrpte to say PtHat hejdid not hin^elf /know what the result was, but he thought he could ascertain. He left the planchette for a few minutes, and then, returning, the pencil wrote in a clear and vigorous style of handwriting, "I am told Trickett won easily lay .10 lengths." The telegram, which was received in Sydney.tkefollowing -Monday, . to the "effect" thkt~the inatdlf had fallen through, proved rather trying to the believers in spiritualism. .ZEgles vwrites in'the Australasian "A good colonist has joined the majority. An old lady, aged 91, has just died at Bathurst, after 71 years' residence in New South Wales. But this old lady has done better for the countiy of -,er adoption than some of .the immigration lecturers. She leaves behind her 80 grand-children, g reat - grand - children, and great-great-grandchildren. Shearing has commenced in the Wimmera district. The price paid is 10s. -to. 12s. per hundred. The Riverine. Herald reports that settlement is going on rapidly in the Echuca district auH the land "is being "taken up with avidity. The following paragraph from the ■Hdrlfvern Argus looks gloomy : — On Saturday last Messrs. Ramsay and Co. discharged seven hands from their Clare establishment, and gave a week's notice to.thirteen otheis. We believe that those kept oh have had their wages reduced slightly. The firm have been obliged to adopt such a course in consequenc of the withdrawal of orders, as the areas, farmers"antiripateyei-y slightjcrdpsy —~A Wictorian-paper has the following: —" In answer to a correspondent,jwlio complains that we do not give news enough, we advise him. to read the Bible, which will no doubt be news to him." -An—accident of rare occurrence .took place." jpn.„the^stage_ofthe Mechanics' Institute last eveniug (says the Geelong Advertiser), -and 'in a second a violin vafuedj &t; £l 00 was broken in three places. Mi\ ;4N. La Eeuiilade, the .enunent vrpiihist, sat dpwu fb play an accompaniment with Miss Herbert at the pianoforte in the overture from the "Grand -Duchess." Previous to tliis he placed his -second ;violin—one of .Mr. Jolin Devereux's make ten years in use —on the -side of the piano, the lid of which was open, and only held up by a = tliih piece 4df ;woody^oVTiing on hmges," aod-attachedio the musical instrument. Just as. Jitiss Herbjert was playing the prfelude to the piece the lid suddenly fell and smashed the violin. The crash startled everyone, and .Miss .Herbert's feelings may be better imagined than described as thelid passed unpleasantly close her face,- although fortunately without ;touching her. The owner of the violin could have been knocked down with a feathte ryfor in af moment his valuable .property was beyond the reach of repair 'Tlie Violiri was placed -on tiie'piaho for ~useTirtbe event of a string freaking on the :',bSe ;M!i\ La Eeuiilade was playing. Only^musicians can eon^iye.Jke loss sjisfgjmed by the breakage, instrument. The " Grand -Duchess" was given, but . traces of- nervousness in .both "pferibimeik could be easily seen. ~Quf of -the - thirteen -candidates who .have , successfully ; jjassed the Melbourne matriculation examination, six were ladies, and in the Civil Service examination there were six ladies out of sixteen successful candidates. The Ballarat Courier of Monday September 4 says :—" The ceremony of exorcising the devil from the Chinese camp took place last night, at twelve o'clock, ft consisted in lighting a huge -fire- close to the camp, which was kept burning until morning, while around it was placed jars of rice and other food to propitiate the demon, who was supposed to make his exit through the flames. The Chinese priests and musicians in the meantime" marched continually up and down the camp, and made night hideous with their music, In some cases an effigy of the evil one jis burnt after hacking it to pieces. The affair concludes, as eveiy other great event among Chinese, with unlimited * chow-chow.'" . The selectors in the vicinity of Orford are not having very happy times. They Beyer know (says'the Hamilton Specirtor) when their horses and cattle axe ; jsafo 3&st; one finds that a valuable i mare has been shot during the nightj then another discovers -ft bullet in tfa horse's neck, and npt a few have lost both sheep and cattle. On. the night of September 4 a collision of rather a serious nature occurred at Riddel's Creek Station, on the Sandhurst line, by which considerable .damage was done to two goods trains. One train was being shunted when a sheep train overtook it, and a violent collision ensued. The engine was much damaged and several trucks smashed. On Tuesday morning.last a dreadful murder was committed at Emerald Hill by a woman "named Ellen Frances, who was stabbed by a man named Robert Davis, with a shoemaker's khife. The parties enjoyed a bad reputation; they had been quarrelling about some money. The man died within forty minutes from being stabbed, and the prisoner has been remanded to the inquest to be held tomorrow. John Ryan, who committed the outrage on Mrs. Rumbold, received his second punishment of 50 lashes at the Pentridge Stockade on Monday, September 4\. He showed but few symptoms of pain. John Millet also received his second punishment of 18 lashes. A young man named Robert Brace was sentenced to three months' imprisonment at the Melbourne Police Court last week for stealing four books from the Temperance-hall Library. It would appear we are not the only people who are troubled with Border duties. The Border Post of the 25th ult. thus rsfers to the grievance, and we most assuredly endorse that paper's conclusions :—" Last week an elderly woman who Tesides in Albury had occasion to send a piece of bacon, weighing about 121b., to her daughter, who resides at Wodonga, and, for what we know, may riot be in affluent circumstances. The messenger, a little girl, on crossing the bridge into Victoria, was accosted by a Custom-house officer, and the conversation ended on her paying 2s., or 2d. per lb., duty on the bacon. Surely Victorians of the poorer classes should protest against such a system of black-mailing. Next day a man from Barnawartka, who freeselected .land on the Billabong, crossed into New South Wales, and had rations for ibis family sufficient for -a month— [ including tea, sugar, flour, bacon, and even a bottle or two of spirits—and yet he was allowed to travel unmolested by the Customs officials at Albury. We do not attach any blame to the officers ; they have their instructions and must obey. The petty annoyances on the Border, are almost unbearable, and something should be done to put a finality to such a system.". A telegram from Port Darwin, dated i August 29, reports that a man named Johann Frederick Arnold, while proceeding by boat to Port Essington, rolled overboard. He was asleep, and, it is believed, intoxicated. He went down like a stone, ; and was never seen afterwards. The Wellington Post comments on the disparity of the costs of Sir Julius Vogei's mission to England and the expenses of the Commission of the Right Honourable Stephen Cave, M.P., to confer with the Khedive and the Government of Egypt as to the financial position of that country. The " little bill" sent in by the former was some £9,000; the cost of the latter was £2,200. Houghton, Under-Secretary for Education in cvew Zealand, has been arrested and charged with an attempt,to commit an unnatural crime. An officer of the Mining department who (says the Argus) indulged a turn for jocularity at the expense of good taste and the "discipline of the department, has been suspended for his misconduct. In an official lettter sent from the Mining department to Mr. R. Broagh Smyth, late Secretary for mines, he inserted a caricature of that gentleman. This matter was brought under notice of the Minister of Mines by Mr. Smyth, not from a desire to punish the offender, but to call attention to the irregularity. The Minister having ascertained who the culprit was, directed that he should be suspended from his situation, as the act was a serious breach of departmental discipline. The offender will probably he severely reprimanded. " •' The crops to the North'Of Adelaide look, backward, but are healthy and strong. It thought that if they get late J rains a fair average yield may be exjpected.: . ' The sale of Julius Csesar for L5000 has been ' the "chief incident for iiotice in English racing circles since Epsom.; and j Robert :PAck is t<? be coniphmgnted [ph j f the. 'wise course he adopted in' Securing ■ almost as' remunerative a profit in this -instance as in Ms Doncaster deal this time (twelvemonth. When he gave 3300 ;guineas for JuHus Caesar at the hammer ;*last autumn,' it was remarked in more ; than one quarter that such a shifty public performer, who enjoyed the reputation, moreover, of being a perfect savage, would never get the money back ; yet he has done so, with good interest, without having won a single race in the interim. But in Forerunner Peck picked up a still greater bargain, when he originally gave 350 guineas for him as a yearling, and after transferring him to Mr. Merry, bought the horse on his own account for 850 guineas when that gentleman sold off last year. Strange to say, Forerunner has likewise gained his present great reputation more as a beaten horse than a winner, in running second to one of the very best horses that ever won the Derby, in a field, too, with wMch the wretched lot behind Gladiateur are not worthy of the slightest comparison. For Forerunner the sum of L6000 has been refused from the purchaser of Julius Csesar. The Moniteur Industrial Beige states that a locomotive without a furnace has commenced running in Paris on one of the tramways. It has a reservoir of superheated water, which furnishes a constant supply of steam for moving the veMcle. On another line of tramway an ordinary 8team locomotive is at work. It is an omnibus in shape and size, containing a boiler. The furnace is out of sights and fed with coke and charcoal. The draught of the furnace is kept uji by a supply of compressed air. i would not, for any money,'* says Jean Paul Richter, ** have had inoney in mv youth." The Strasbnry Gazette states that the request of Prince Louis Napoleon to be allowed to euter the Swiss army has been refused by. the Swiss Government and that the Russian Government has also refused him permission to serve in the Russian army. A correspondent in L'Union Medicare calls attention to the fact that palpitations, when not depending upon organic disease, may be almost immediately arrested by bending the head downwards and allowing the arms to hang pendant. The effect is even still more rapidly produced by holding the breath for a few seconds while the body is in this bent position. "I made it a point, madam, to study my own mind," said a gentleman to a lady who had exhibited some surprise at an opinion he expressed. " Indeed," she replied, " I didn't suppose you understood the use of the microscope."—rBrooklyn Argus. The Same with a Difference.—Local magnate, of very high church tendencies : "Mackenzie, are any of those foreign sailors Christians ?" Mackenzie : " No wan, sir; they're a' either Hindoos of Episcopalians." Distracting. — Customer. — " What did you think of the bishop's sermon on Sunday, Mr. Wigsbyl" Hairdresser.— " Well, really, sir, there was a gent a sittin' in front o, me, as 'ad his 'air parted that crooked_ihat I couldn't 'ear a word 1" —Punch. A discovery has just been made at Kingston, in Jamaica, which has excited much indignation in the bosoms of the planters against the merchants. It seems that certain merchants have been engaged in the practice of importing into the island the inferior kind of spirit manufactured in Cuba and shipping it again to Europe by the United States as " Jamaica rum." As " Jamaica rum" enjoys a reputation higher in many instances than that of its consumers, this "trick of the trade" is calculated to destroy the value and character of an article on the production of which the island peculiarly prides itself. " Are dose bells ringing for fire ?" inquired Simon of Tiberius. "No, indeed," answered Tibe ; " dey have got plenty of fire, and de bells are now ringing for water." f 