Thj GovxBmasT Wax in the Htjndbsd OF PffDA.— On Wednesday morning, November '/L % deputation, consisting of Messrs. P. McNam»». J.P., J. V. Potts, T. S. Prioe, P. KaDy, B. G. Crettenden, and R. Casavan, wai mtroduc«d to the Commissioner of Public ! Worki (Hon. J. Colton) by tfr. C. Maan, a. P., j to urge the Government to withdraw froai selec- j tion Section No. 15, Hundred of Pinda, where j there is a Government well with the necessary appliances for drawing water. It was pointed | cut tbat the veil is on the direct track from | Btireliato Beautiful Valley, and contained tho j inly supply of water that was available for tbe use of residents in the Hundreds of Coomooroo, luieiia, and others to the eastward of Wil- j mirgton. As matters btood at present the j section might be taken up by private persons, who would thus bo able to monopolize the supply ot water on it, and sell it an exorbitant rate, jlr. Colton, in reply, thought the request of the deputation was by no means an unreasonable me, and as &e; case was very orgeat he would take the neceseaxy steps to prevent the section being taken up. On the return of the Commis sioner of Crown Lands to Adelaide he would lay the matter before him, and it woud no doubt receive his immediate and earnest attention. The Mayoralty ok Kapondi.— Great apathy ta: beenfehowniuKapunuainregardtotbeconaing municipal changes, and many have thought the to«n»ou;dalmostgounrepresentod. The present Major, Mr. J. P. Moyle, was, however, requested to receive a deputaUon at the Prince of Wales Hct?l en Tuesday, the 21st in&t; Fourt en gentlemen were prtsent, acd a memorul signed by 52 ratepayers was presented to him, requesting bun to ba again nominated as Mayor for tho ensuing ;ear. The cpeaker alluded in particular to the good services rendered by Mr. Moylo during hu preticuj term of office. Mr. Hoy e who was socewhit surprised at the object of the gathering, thanked the gentlemen present, expressing his high appreciation of the com r liment passed upon him, andaltnough he hoped a better man would be nominated, ha said he would favourably consider his reply to tho memorialists. Mr. Moyle has since, we hear, consented to act if elected. Thb Bulgabiah ArBOcrnsa. — 8ir John Bennett, of London, announces having received the following letter from Miss Florence Nighten gale, dated London, September 15:— 'God speed Sir John Bennett in collecting help for the*e ir. recent Bulgarians— mar tyre of a perse cution like which there has nothing been seen in Europe since the persecution of the Christians under a Roman Kmperor, whose name was Cruelty. In the midst of their rose-garden industry their women and children are all at once attacked and butchered with nevertobe forgotten horrors. Their valleys, beautiful as cur Derbyshire vallejs, where every stream once turned its milk, are laid waste into literally ? bowling wildernesses.' Their very means of life are gone — burnt, pillaged, destroyed; and thia in a country in which if in education it has not yet raised itself to a level with the West, Ameri can mksionaries had but to plant tchoola when at ODce these spread and multipliad a hundred fold in the people's owe hands. These schools — thesa particularly— are all destroyed, the mls trefses acd masters tortured, girh sold inso slavery. I say that a poor little country which cguM do so much in 15 years under such a brute of a Government— a Government to which one has to pay tribute not to be burnt, plundered, or c.urdered— is itself not only struggling into our Western life, but up to the highest level of civilization. To this country thus bravely, industriously struggling into life comes tho brute, vile rapine, with nameless crimes. Aud seme tell us tiie same things are to be in Servia. Already, already they are there in Bosnia and the Herzegovina in a chronic stats, intolerably aggravated now. Oh, let us help them back to tie struggle into life. Let as who have every* thing they have lost, home, schools, security, gocd~ government, independence, freedom to woi&hip; God, show how we value these by giving each our mite to help them to help themselves. With a cheque for £10 10s.' Patent Log.— Ever since the North Country skipper hove the cabbage leaf overboard to judge at what rate the vessel sailed iiome progress has been made in accurately determining the spaed of ships. Heaving the log at one tixce meant a complication of log glass and log reel, Etray line, and knots, in fact quite a piece of work with clumsy implements, which after all afforded but an approximate idea ot tae Epeed. Then followed Maseey's patent— a box of wheels with a screw attached, showing tha number of miles made. Sharks, however, were inclined to bite the gear, or a spray of seaweed would derange the wording part?, so the inventor ingeniously separated the working parts from the Ecrew, and the result was considered an im provement. The last invention, however, is Keynolds's marine odometer, a specimen of which has been imported by Mr. Sartell, and is now to be seen at the Poit. The working part is an iron box fixed on the taffrail, and showing in board a dial divided into parts from ten to a hundred. The motor is a billet of wood with an Archimedean screw around it. This is dropped overboaid and drifted astern beyond the dead water of the vessel's wake. The rotary motion thus caused is recorded oa the dial with very great nicety, and the instrument is asserted to be about the best yet invented. Thb ' Big Tbses' of Caufobsia.— A Cali femian botanist has sent to the Rural Pros an account of the results of a careful measurement of the famous 'big trees,' and a laborious ccunt of the rings in various stumps. The ' father of the .Forest' has been said to have Eprung from the earth soon after the Deluge, b't the rings in his shattered trunk show tnat Us full age at base is probably 1,500 years. His alleged 40 feet diameter proves to be only IS feet, measured at six feet from the roots, 'i'ois correspondent adds:—' One oft-repeated story is true, however— that of a passage through a part of his body large enough to admit horse men. This passage, burned out of bis heart, commences at a point €6 feat from the roots, and extends 120 feet, coming out where was once a knot-hole, now enlarged by relic-seekers to a Ride doorway. I saw several ladies nde horses of medium ma through this wooden tunnel, aad one day while passing riding one of my horses and leading the other packed with bulky speci mens, I turned into the cavity and rode safely through. The ceiling overhead is 4 feet to 6 feet thick, so the grand promenade for visitors above is perfectly safe.' He mentions another monster tree whose stump he measured with his tape-line, 'held at the other end by a Puritan master builder from Boston,' aad the longest diameter, mcloding bark at 5 feet from the base, was found to exceed 27 feet He saya also:— 'The South Park Grove contains about 500 trees, seme of tnem of the largest class* One, the home of ' Trapper Smith,' is a vast swollen truck, at base 90 feet in circuit and 30 feet in diameter. The * Livery Stable,' which has received 22 horses at a time into its hollowed base, is 84 feet in circuit. A fallen tree is 15 feet in dkmeter, 20 feet frem the roots. A cavity is burned in it sufficient to comfortably shelter 25 or 30 horses, or to afford the passage of a Concord coach and its four-horsa team for over 200 feet These dimensions do not mate rially differ from some published statements, but counts and estimates of the rings reveal only 1,200 to 1,500 in number. Other groves visited afforded corroborative evidence that though the dimensions, being easily determined, are often given accurately, the age has gene rally been grossly exaggerated.' Foolhabdt B0AH5G. — On Sunday afternoon, November 19, two young men, whose knowledge cf boat-eaSing seems to have been in inverse proportion to their desire for aquatic amuse ment, started from Port Pirie to sail te the mouth of the river and back again. Having a full fair wind down to Meunt Fergusson they so fax got on famously, but upon attempting to beat back again the boat developed a perplexing and somewhat alarming tendency to go to leeward. Probably, had they persisted in their efforts the recalcitrant boat would have tak .-n them to the neighbourhood of Point Lowly, across tha Golf, providing she had kept afloat long enough to reach there. But deeming dis cretion the better part of valour, the nautical tyros made for a friendly mangrove en the oppo site side of the river, and tying the boat to this they commenced a weary pilgrimaga back to the Port, through tangles of mangrove scrub, over doubtful swamps, and by swimming eoeio three or four creeks on their way, arriving safaly in port at about 9 p.m. ravenously nungry, and fully convinced that such, an adventure was, to eay the least of it, very questionable enjoy. lo-Lo TBorjPB at Gawlbb. — The Lo-Lo Crjrtal Palace Combination Troupe performed 't the Institute Hall, Gaw!er, on Monday and Tuesday nights. Thiough the weather being rather boist erous on tht» first night the attendance was not very good, but on Tuesday they had a fair house. The different members of tha Croupe succst sfully performed tha parts allotted to them, and met with hearty applause. Accident at Port Pibie. — On Tuesday morning, November id, a man named Mortimer, who was workiBg for tne South Au^raliau Carrjing Company, at their crane in B'len Etreet, while overhauling tho ohain, got ths middle finger of his right hand nearly cut otf by the coga of the gearing wheels. The uflerer was promptly attended to by Dr. Mujie, who entertains hopea of saving the f cger, although the wound is a very severe one, ibb end of the finger being completely crushed and nearly torn off. Gawlkb In&titctk.;— The Committee of this institution have arranged to give an entertain ment this evening in tee hall in aid of tbe Blind a- d Deaf and X)uinb Institution. Mr. Wm. Townsend, M.P., assisted by city and local talent, and last though not least by two blind children, will take part. It is to ba hoped tbat a crowded bouse will witness their endeavours in ho laudable a cause. BaHBIEr Ranges.— A correspondent writing frcm this part ot the country sajs: — ' W-3 have hai some fine rain up here after one of the severest droughts experienced since 18t-5. The water-holes at Thackaringa and Mingary are all full, and this will enable teamsters to como from the fiurra with supplies and taka down the wo«l, a lot of which is still on tho stations awaiting transit. The toads have been in such, a deplorable state for want of feed aad water that it has b:en almost impossible to get teams to come this far at any price. I hear of one firm having engaged teams to take loading bjth ways at £15 per ton — just double tho pnee usually paid for the same service.' A Queei»sla»d Watebfall.— A party was lately fitted out at Thornborough, on the Hodg kinson Gold-field, Queensland, to endeavour to find an easier track from that township across the coast range to Trinity Harbour than that recently discovered by Sub-Inspector Douglas. On a river named by Mr. Douglas the Barron, which passes through the coast range some six miles west of his track where it deoouches between two immense precipices into a wild and deep gorge, they came upon what they state to be probably the mightiebt waterfall iu the Aus tralian Colonies, it having a descent of at least 20O feet, and a volume of water estimated at 20 yards wide axd six ftet deep, perhaps more, and this at the driest season of the year. On foot it is possible to get down to the water below the fall, but there are slight hopes of even a foot track being obtained through the range. How Typhoid Fevkb is Spbead.— B. Frank, land writes to Nature as follows:—' The case in which the poison of typhoid fever mixed with drinking water was transmitted through nearly a mile of porous earth, and which was men tioned in the abstract ot my discourse to the Fellows of the Chemical Society (Nature, vol. xiii., p. 331), is fully .described (in German) in the sixth Beport of the Rivers Commission on the Domestic Water Supply of Great Britain. It will thortly appear, in EnglLb, in the Monthly Journal of the Chemical Society. Meanwhile perhaps I may be allowed to trespass upon youi space with the following remarks:— The oat break of typhoid fever occurred at the village of Lausen, near Basel, in Switzerland, and it was exhaustively investigated by Dr. A. hagler, of Basel, who has given a full account of it in the Deutscka Archiv. f. Klin. Mcd. xi. The sourco of the poison was traced to an isolated farmhouse 00 the opposite side of a mountain ridge, where an imported case of typhoid, fol lowed by two others, occurred shortly before the outbreak. A brook which ran past this house received the dejections of the patients and their linen was washed in it. Thid brook wa9 em ployed for the irrigation of some meadows near the farmhouse, and the effluent water filtered through the intervening mountain to a spring used in all the houses of Lausen, except six which were supplied with water from private wells. In these fix houses no case of fever oocurred, but scarcely one of tbe others escaped. No less than 120 people, or 17 per cent of the whole population, were attacked, besides 14 children, who re ceived the infection whilst at home for their holidays, and afterwards sickened on their return to school. The passage of water from the irrigated meadows to the spring at Lausen was proved by dissolving in it, at the meadows, 18 cwL of common salt, and then observine the rapid increase of chlor.ne in the spring water; but the most important and interesting experi ment consisted in mixing uniformly with the water 50 owts. of flour, Hot a trace of which made its way to the spring, thus showing that the water was filtered through the intervening etrth asd did not pass by an underground channel These are the main feature of the caee, but there are other interesting details showing how carefully the investigation was conducted; for these, however, I must refer Mr. Mitchell Wilson to the works above cited. It affords a clear warning of the risk which attends the use, for dietetic purposes, of water to which even so-called purified sewage gains access; not withstanding that, as at Lausen, such water may have been used with impunity for years, until the moment when the sewage became infected with typhoid poison.' Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ending Saturday, November 18, 1876, were -.—Births— Males, 62 ; females, 73. Deaths— Males, 29 j females, 16. Total— Births, 135; deaths, 45. Excess of births, 90. The statistics for the District of Adelaide for the veame period were — Births — Males, 15; females, 19\. Deaths— Male3, 8 ; females, 5. Total Births, 34; deaths, 13. Excess of births, 21. [From yesterday '8 Evening Journal*] COHMTJHICATION WITH ECBOPB.— Mails Will leave Batavia for Singapore on November 24 '.h, December 2uJ, Stb, 22ad, and 30tb. Mails are due at Batavia November 26th and 30 ib, an 4 December 9tb, but there will ba several extra steamers running in between. Batavia expests to speak the repairing ship at any moment. River News. — Our correspondent, writing from 'Wentworth, on November 20, says:—' The gauge this morning shows 14 feet 10 inches above the summer level, and stationary. The rise was owing to heavy rains on Wednesday and Thursday last, when 2^ inches fell. There is now sufficient water to enablo steamers to reach Bourke and perhaps Brewarrina.' Tbe Ebato.— The remainder of the Immi grants, numbering about Zi married couples aud 20 single men, were cleared out of this ship on Wednesday. We are informed that the Govern ment have given employment to 19 married man at the Burra, where they have gone with their families. Excubsion to NBPTuyB Islands.— We have been requested to state that the Cores will return at 5 psa. on Monday afternoon, and not at 9.30 a.m. as stated in the advertisement BOARD SCHOOLS AND COMPUL SION. Since Lord Sandon's Education Act became law there are now two distinct kinds of compulsion in England. Mr. Forster's principle, laid down in 1870, is direct as far as it goes, but it has the defect of being permissive. Parliament hesitated to do more than authorize individual School Boards to apply it. Nearly all the Urban Boards did, and the Rural Boards are being impelled in the same direction. Had Mr. Forster been in Lord Sandon's place last session he would have made compulsion univeral, and possibly also School Boards. The narrow line of diffe rence between him and the Conservative educationists produced a new form of compulsion which will henceforth hare to be distinguished as indirect. The Act of 1876 does not reqxiire children to attend school absolutely, but it disqualifies them from labour of any kind until they can pass a certain examination. All the local powers of compulsion conferred in 1870 are, however, maintained, and even extended. Wherever a School Board has been formed it may pass a compulsory by-law, and where there is no Board similar power may be exercised by the local authority which stands in its place. This, again, is a transitional arrangement a little more advanced than that of 1870, and tending towards the inevitable result' of universal compulsion. The next Education Bill will raise England and Wales, possibly also Ireland, to the same level as Scotland in respect of school attendance. It will be made the i duty of every parent for every child. But the fact may fore stall legislation. Even the provisional machinery now in operation is producing wonderfully gratifying results. The sub ject! of compulsion was considered in a very thorough manner At the late meet ing of the British Association. It was introduced in the Economy Section by an ex- School Inspector, Mr. William Jack He had analysed the whole of the returns of the past five years, and showed what had been the rate of progress in each of the three kingdoms. He found in England that compulsion was now in force among twelve and a half millions of the popula tion — 46 per cent of the whole and about 82 per cent of the burgh population, who had almost exclusively adopted it. When Mr. Forster's Act took effect there were 1,152,000 children in average attendance at school in England — 1 in 19 of the population. In five years the average has been raised to 1,837,000 — nearly 700,000 of an increase, and an improve ment of the ratio from 1 in 19 to 1 in 13 of the population. This had resulted from an imperfect and merely local application of compulsion. Mr. Jack turned to the principal towns in which compulsion had been adopted, and discovered a much higher ratio of progress. The London School Board took over schools, with accommodation for about 300,000 children, and built new schools for 112,000 more. At tho end of 1873 they had increased the average attendance by 60,000, and at midsummer, 1875, by 174,000. The improvement of average* attendance is about 60 per cent., notwithstanding that the new scholars are naturally more difficult to bring to school regularly than the former pupils. In Liverpool the increase in five years appears to have been about 21 per cent.— from 33,800 in 1871 to 41,200 at midsummer, 1875. In Birmingham compulsion has been most ' zealously enforced, the result being an improvement of 138 per cent, in the average attendance. Scotland has had only three years' experience of the School Board system, j but under more effective conditions than j in England. The total number of annual i grant pupils in Scotland when the Act '? came into force was 214,000. The School j Boards have now under their care over j 300,000 children— an increase in little ' more than three years of 40 per cent. '- Glasgow shows rather more than the ' national ratio of progress. In 1875. it i had 12,500 more at its public schools ! than when they were taken over by the School Board— an improvement of 42 per j cent. The proportion of the roll- atten- i dance remained the while as high as 78 per cent. In Ireland there were in 1870 ! 950,000 children on the rolls, and in 1875 1,012,000 — the increase for five years ? being only 6 per cent. The average daily attendance in 1875 was only 390,000. | Mr. Jack remarked that these results, ! gratifying as they all are under the School j Board system, had been obtained by veiy ! different methods. In London and Liver- j pool compulsion is carried out by the strong arm of the law. The London \ Board spends over eleven thousand j pounds a year on the prosecution of negligent parents— or at the rate of 115 cases per week. The cost of compulsion | is given at eighteenpence per head of j the children on the roll. In Liver pool it is two shillings per head. In Birmingham compulsory prosecutions commenced in 1872, and they had since averaged nineteen hundred per annum. In Glasgow there had been only fifty-one prosecutions in three years, and the co3t was merely nominal. The credit of this was ascribed by Mr. Jack to the suasive policy adopted by the Board. All vigi lance was exercised in the discovery of neglected children, but instead of hurrying to law against the parents they were judiciously threatened and coaxed into doing their duty. In the last resort the Committee of the Board would meet with them, and enquire into their cases indi vidually, so as to remove any impression of hardship. Eighteen such enquiries had been held throughout the city, and at the expense of only fifty prosecutions the Board had raised the average daily atten dance to the highest known in any large city. Mr. Jack concluded in favour of mild compulsion, and commended the gentle advances Lord Sandon had made in that direction. Some of his critics preferred the bolder and more direct course initiated in 1870. It would have been a valid reply to bis commendation of the Glasgow system to deny that it was applicable to the much larger population of the metropolis. The hundred and fifteen cases a week that have to be prose cuted in London are, it may be believed, all urgent cases. How could even the Com mittees of an already over- worked Board find time to interview more than a hun dred parents a week ? As the number decreases it may be possible to adopt the alternative of suasion before proceeding to the final remedy in the Police Court. At present the London Board can only envy Glasgow its more tractable parentage. In Liverpool it is notorious that defaulting parents belong to a very low class on which suasion would be ill-bestowed. They are more likely to be impressed with evidence that the School Board is in earnest, and that nothing is to be saved in the end by grudging school fees. Among the authorities on compulsion Miss Becker, was prominent on the side of moderation. She recommended en quiry into particular cases, and exemp tions for sufficient cause. In the case of a widow with several, children whose labdur was essential to the maintenance of the family she suggested that half-day attendance might be allowed to one- oir* more of them. Mr. Jolly, one of th-3 best of the Scotch Inspectors, wa3 alsa partial to mild compulsion and -tha development of the half-time system, which waa very erratically carried out in, England and hardly at all in Scotland. In Denmark it had been reduced to a useful and effective system very beneficial ' to poor parents. The Danish schools open at 8 o'olock, and the afternoon atten* dance begins at midday, so that even. a half-timer may have a considerable amount of teaching as well as a larger ' portion of leisure. The kindred question of paying the fees of poor children was largely discussed at the same sitting an J generally disapproved. The Chairman of a By-laws Committee of a leading School Board condemned payment of fees as a temptation to deceit. Miss Todtl, o£ Belfast, also agreed that it was demora* lizing to parents. It is one of the features of the present law destined not to bo permanent. Executive Council. — His Excellency tho Governor held a Council oa Wednesday, at: which three Ministers were present. Mahs to Port Dabwdt.— We learn that tbo Government have accepted Messrs. MoUaokan, Blackwood, & Co.'b. tender for the conveyance) of mails to Port Darwin, and that a steamer will Bail hence oh December 20. Hindmabsh Ward.— A meeting of the rate payers of this ward is to be held this evening at the Hotel Europe, Grenfell-street. The Messiah.— A rehearsal of this sublime ' oratorio will take place at the To»n Hall this evening. Glenelo Graiimab School Cb'ckkt Club.—' An entertainment will be given this evening in the Lecture flail, Glenelg in connection with tha above Club. Meadows Public School.— We learn that out of the 54 pupils at the Meadows Pablio School no less than £3*13 per cent, passed tho tecent examination. Pacific Iksubakce Compact.— Mr. J. Gilbert Boothby has been appointed marine agent to this Sydney Insurance Company.' Defence of the Colomibs.— Coloml War burton has receved from bydney a number of panrphlota bearing upon tho question, of the defence of tha colonies on the sup position that th*ro is a volunteer fore© in the colocy, aud that he is ia command. of it. The tolocel bos p.'aocd the books ia our hands for distribution to any old vo'unteera or any one who takes an interest in tin matter. Adelaidb Children's Hospital. — Tho General Committee in connection with the move ment for establishing a hospital for children in Adelaide met on Wednesday, November 22. Reports of Sub-Committees ware dealt with and the constitution partly considered. Some dona tions and promises of assistance in the shape o£ entertainments were received, and the Com mittee then ao journed till next wee*. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. Mlw South Walks Timber —Some extra ordinary spocimons of timber from Now South Wales have recently boen imported into this colony by Messrs. Baker & Uumbley, timber merchants, of East-terrace. One of the latest cargoes ccmigced to the firm contained a log of Richmond River cedar, six feot loog and nine feet in width. The quality of tho wood ia pro nounced to bo excellent, and tho log is tha largest which the firm has over imported. Patents.— The following is a return of tho patents enrolled in the General Registry Office ? (Deeds Branch) under Act No. 18 of 1859 during the week ended November 21, 1876:— Letters ofi registration granted to Peter Tyrer, of No. 425. . King-street, Melbourne, Victoria, engine-driver, of an invention for ' An improvedapparatusfor ex tracting corks;' letters of registration granted to Alexander Borthwick, of No. 36, Market-street, Melbourne, Victoria, oil and colourman, of aa invention for ' An improvement in furnaces foe treating ores.' Criminal Sittings.— The Criminal Sittings ot ihe Supreme Court, before His Honor Mr.; . Justice Stow, were continued on Wednesday.' November 22. Joseph Stone, charged with rape, . was discharged, there being no evidence to sup port the prosecution. In the case of Johanna . Hyland, charged with larceny, the Jury failed - to agree and were discharged. Prisoner's bail was renewed, and her case set down for next Criminal Sittings. Julias Edward Ash win Tolmer, charged with obtaining goods ani money under false pretences, was discharged. . the Jury being unable to agree, tho proaeoutoc sot appearing. Cbarles Holdingtorj, charged with stealing from the person, was discharged* The remaining cases on the list will be taken ? to-day. RIFLE CLUBS.— The interest which has lately been excited in rifle shooting is extending throughout the colony, and not only are Clubs being formed in the principal townships sur- rounding Adelaide, but in more distant places the settlers are anxious to band themselves together for the purpose of learning the use of the rifle. The settlers in the locality of Black Springs have taken the preliminary steps towards getting up a Rifle Club, and already about forty persons have sent in an application to the South Australian Rifle Association for rifles. The members of the proposed Club intend to go through a regular course of drill, which will be the means of doing much good, not only in the ' setting up' it gives to the frame, but in the discipline it teaches. Gawler Ward. — A meeting of the electors? of Gawler Waid was held at the Lady Fergusson, Hotel, Currie-streot, on Wednesday evening, November 22. There were about 45 persona ?? present, and Mr. William Deannan was chosea chairman. Messrs. Hagedorn and Stevenson* the two candidates, briefly addressed the meet* ing, stating in Eubstance their view3 expressed., at previous meetings. Mr. Joseph Allen pro posed Mr. Hagedorn, Mr. Evans seconding, ani Mr. Bermingham supporting the motion. Mr*' Mellor moved— 'That Mr. Stevenson waa a more fit and proper person to represent them ia the Municipal Council,' which Mr. Head se conded. On a show of hands being called foe the Chairman declared in favour of Mr. Ste-. venson. The Davesport Brothers.— There wag a large attendance in the Town Hall on Wednes* day evening to reiel in the mysteries of MesarsJ Ira and William Davenport and Professor FayJ and to laugh at the ventriloquial drolleries oC Mr. E. D. Davfes and his inimitable puppets! Tom and Joe. Messrs. J. Williams, M.P., and C. H. T. Connor were selected to watch tha wonder-working brothers and the Profeasar, but though they seemed most seriously to realizo their responsibility they did not throw much light upen what was going on, more particularly . during the dark leancc, when 'a single bright ray' might have acquainted those present withv ?what ProfeBsor Fay describee with delightful ambiguity as ' the agency.' It ia need less to say that bewilderment reigned supreme while the three magicians were ^ at.- „ , work, the only feeling the spectator had being . one of wonderment as to how_ each feat could. j possibly be surpassed by anything which was to- ' follow. If anv conclusion can De Baid to ba arrived at by the onlooker, It can only be that; it would be useleEs trying to solve the mystery, and that the mo£t satufrctory settlement of tho matter is simply to regard it as an ?'agency' which affords a capital evening's entertainment.' The ventriloquism of Mr. Davies is really clever and introduces a pleasing variety into the pro gramme. To-night ie a special one, being for tho benefit of Mr. and MLa DaWea, who deserva and probably will have a bumper house. Ladies to the Front.— A late home paper , gaya; ? ' The practioe of Mrs. Garrefct Anderson. M.D',, is one of the largest in London. The demand* mad© upon her time are more than she can - afford. It is eaii that she receives larger fees than any medical pr&oUUouer; ia London.' 