Settlement on the Burnett River. [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] No. V. FROM Bundaberg to Bingera—the first stage on the mail route to Mount Perry, via Gin Gin, and to Gayndah, via Eureka and Degilbo—the road runs almost due west, through monotonous sandy flats covered with grass-tree and wallum, only redeemed from utter desolation by the inter* section of one or two creeks or rivulets ; and, asthetically, perhaps, by an occasional view while ascending the Bingera range, of the panorama of the distant mountains of Walla and Gin Gin, the middle distance filled in with range upon range of pine oovered hills; and, for a fore ground, the deep wooded glens and gorges of the Burnett; whose opposite bank, clothed with ferns and bushes, half hiding, half revealing glimpses of moss-grown, many-colored rocks and boulders, rises abruptly from the silver pools and yellow sands of the sleeping river to a height of some hundred feet, the top hidden by the close foliage of drooping scrub, or stretching away in deep green, lawn-like pastures, with just trees enough on them to add to the beauty of the pas ture by the shadows they throw. From the summit of the range a wide expanse of country is visible, which, in the recurrence of pine-crested hills in every direction, in more like a Norwegian than an Australian landscape. Descending on the western slope, the land becomes more fertile, though the plains of Tantitha, Fairymead, and Barolin spoil one for ordinary pasturage ; even a Guildhall banquet would not count for much after a dinner in Olympus. The grass, for all that, is good enough to keep the Bingera herds in good condition. Some of the forest ground near the house has been experimented upon agriculturally, and grown corn and sugar-cane very well; but the fence not being substantial enough to keep cattle out the labor was lost, though the fitness of the soil for agricultural purposes seems to be suffi ciently demonstrated. In one of his pre emptive paddocks Mr. Walker has renewed his efforts on a patch of scrub land on the river, where I saw a very promising field of maize, about fifty acres, planted in February last. The style of fencing, though doubtless common enough in some places, was new, to my experience, and probably to that of many of your readers. Stakes were driven firmly into tho ground at a distance of about four or five feet apart along the line of enclosure, and between them small saplings with all their leaves aud branches were intertwined, not unlike rough basket work. Such a fence, if high enough, is sufficiently good for a time, though it soon decays, and will never keep out determined bushrangers like cattle. Bingera homestead is built on a slope ascending gently from a large and deep lagoon, a quarter of a mile in length and about thirty yards across. It lies centrally with regard to the agricultural settlements in the neighborhood, at the south western heel of a horse-shoe bend of the Burnett, which is hereabouts fringed on both banks by a narrow belt, or, more correctly, by alternate patches of scrub and forest. On the left, or northern bank, the scrub expands into a large area of some fourteen square miles ; and on the right, above Bingera Station, into one of about half the size. The latter, very much broken and of inferior quality, is wisely recommended as a reserve for pine which was formerly abun dant, though only young trees of considerably less than twelves inches in diameter now remain. The scrub on the left bank is thickly studded with farms of all sizes, varying from 40 to 1000 and more acres. If the land is less uniformly rich than in the Woongarra scrub, and that it is so I judge from tho appearance of the soil and the crops, which are less even and less forward than those of the same age in the Woongarra, and on some of tho alluvial river side farms, there is compensation perhaps in the conspi cuous absence of stones from the surface. As a rule, the clearings here are smaller, the dwell- ings ruder, the homesteads altogether have an air of poverty more pronounced than I have noticed elsewhere. The people are farther from town, so far indeed—from sixteen to twenty odd miles by land—that cartage to market is out of the question ; and since the flood of last year water carriage is a matter of no little diffi culty and danger. The channel, intricate enough at best, is blocked up with snaga and logs, against which the sand banks up, and still further impedes the navigation. When the Minister for Works was up here some time ago he was interviewed on this point, and pro mised that the clearance of the channel should be commenced at once. These Ministerial promises, alas, are as sicken ing to record as they are glibly uttered; but it is a pity that for the sake of economising £200 or £300—to remove the obstructions would cost no more—the only highway of which the farmer can avail himself should remain in a state of blockade. This Bingera scrub is a Scandinavian settle ment, most of the selectors being Danes, or Germans from the debatable duchies; but Scandinavian, Teuton, English, or Celt, the same primitive method of cultivation obtains as else where : nothing is grown, but the eternal corn crop ; not a flower nor a vegetable to be seen, except a rare patch of sweet potatoes, or a soli tary melancholy pumpkin vine. The largest and one of the best farms is that of Mr. Lyons, who has selected more than 1200 acres, divided into two uuequal parts by the Mount Perry road, which runs for four miles through the heart of the scrub. There is some good corn growing here, though much of it was planted so late that its ultimate fate is uncertain, depending entirely upon the character of the coming winter. The clearing—about sixty acres, all under corn—is enclosed by a three-rail wire fence, with upright pine paling inserted between, and supported by the wires; the convexity and concavity of the paling alternating towards the inner and outer side of tho fence, thus obviating any undue strain in either direction on the wires. With the exception of the Mount Perry road, the Government have done nothing to facilitate access to the interior of the scrub, and the maize growers there have to make roads as best they can, depending upon the farmers between them and the river for permission to reach it, or travel miles round. There is some talk of building a school here, but there are other than financial difficulties in the way of it, though these, in the present state of the maize market, would seem to be pro hibitive. Neither here nor in the Woongarra scrub has any land been reserved for the pur- pose ; here, however, there is land still unaliented, and it would be well to proclaim one or more school reserves where good water is obtainable -—either from the not infrequent creeks or by sinking—before the last acre is taken up. Mr. A. C. Walker, of Bingera Station, who takes an active and intelligent interest in the well-being of this district, would be able to point out the best sites, every square foot of the country being as familiar to him as to the native denisens of the scrub. In the Woongarra scrub one of the smaller selectors has given two acres of ground for sohool purposes ; his neighbor, a proprietor of 1000 acres, having refused, when appealed to, to give "one inch of soil." Dives, however, is a bachelor, while Lasarus *' has his quiver full of them," and is " not ashamed when he speaks with his enemies in the gate," which Dives ought to be, under the circumstances, one would think. The first land outside the scrub is inferior to that lower down the river nearer Bundaberg; but its inferiority has not deterred one or two farmers from attempting its cultivation, and not altogether unsuccessfully. A Captain Switzer, one of the early settlers, has a big field of corn, which, though poor and scanty in places, is yet a crop of fair promise. I need scarcely nay that the land in worked by the plough and horse labor. On the river bank north of the road between Bingera aud Bundaberg there are many selec- tions- -fine alluvial scrub lands and good forest, which in many other districts would be classed as first-class, though here milking only as second class pastoral. Corn, of course, is the only crop save on one or two farms, whero the eternal sameness is relieved by a few acres of lucerne and potatoes. Poverty, remoteness from, and difficulty of access to, an unremunerative market are not the only,nor indeed tho most serious, evils with which the poorer sort of settlers in the Bingera scrub bave to contend. Imperfectly acquainted with the language, utterly ignorant of the laws of England, but gifted with a capacity for work which is scarcely intelligible to even the laborious English or Celtic peasant, endowed with an indomitable courage which no misfortune or adversity is sufficient to quell, with a patient industry which is content to labor for a scanty and remote reward, these Danish and German people deserve every consideration and encouragement at the hands of their fellow colonists and of the authorities ; but so far from obtaining liberal or just consideration, they seem to be singled out lrom the rest of the population as the corpus vile on which experiments in rapacity may be made with the greatest safety by officials who, as at Maryborough and elsewhere, endeavor to make up by an excess of zeal in frivolous and petty cases for lack of pluck, energy, and firm ness in matters of greater and real importance. If the following be true, as I believe it is, the action of the local officials concerned, affecting as it does the tenure of a great number of holdings, demands prompt investigation :—A poor man, a Dane, took up a homestead in tha Bingera scrub ; went to work clearing, planting, and fencing. His capital was small, and so were his returns for several seasons. To eke out a meagre livelihood he felled some timber on his selection, and, before he could dispose of it, it was seized by the authorities on the ground that " it was said the man had not complied with the resi dence clause." There was, however, no evidence of non-compliance, the rent had been duly paid each year, and the farm was not—has not yet beeu —gazetted as forfeited. A clause of the Timber Licensing Act was then tortured into meaning that a man must have a license to cut timber for sale on his own selection. It never struck them how absurd it must be on the face of it to allow, or rather to insist upon, the destruction of timber by fire, while making penal the turning it into money— i.e., to good and profitable uses ; but, unhappily for the official, the man held a license. What, then, was to be done ? Were the local Dogberries to be beaten ? Hoist with their own petard ? Never ! They were equal to the occasion. They found out that the homestead had been taken up by the unhappy man before he had been two years in Queensland, and, for getting the fact of the license, they argued that the victim, having no right to the land, had clearly no right to the timber. QE. D. The point of this ia not so much the seizure of the timber (though that seems to be a tyrannical stretch of officious authority) as the forfeiture of the land; for half the settlers in the Bingera scrub, or a large percentage of them, hold their land on the same tenure as the hero of the fore going story : that is to say, they are neither more nor less than trespassers on Crown lands, who may be ejected at the pleasure and caprice of the Minister for Lands for the time being. The enormity of the offence of premature settlement is, of course, patent to every impartial person, but one would think the offence was con doned by the acceptance of rent for years. True patriots, however, will not object to a course of action by which the country manages to have its cake and eat it; to retain not only the land itself as well as the price of it, but also to reap the benefit of a few years' improvement on resumption, and tbis ia probably the view taken by those who seized the timber. Danish and German immigration should be remunera- tive on terms like these. 