INTRODUCTION. Parliament will resume its labours to- morrow, after a recess of rather more than three months. There have been no Ministerial statements of importance during that period, which, from a poli- tical point of view, has been singularly dull, if we except the comic attempts of the association styling itself the "Na- " tional Reform League" to direct public attention to its proceedings. On the 22nd June Sir James McCulloch was entertained at a public dinner at Warr- nambool, which passed off very satiafac- torily, but the Premier made no disclosure as to his future policy. There was also a Ministerial entertainment at Murchison on the 30th of June, and the Ministers present—Messrs. Kerferd, Jones, and Ramsay—were most cordially received. On the part of the Opposition, Mr. Berry and Major Smith have both delivered addresses in public within the last month, but without exciting much attention. The Government financial proposals will be the first matter to engage the attention of Parliament, and the Elec- toral Reform Bill will follow the financial question. This measure will, we under- stand, provide for an incrcase in the number of representatives, about five new members being added. Another four or five seats will be gained by taking mem- bers from electorates which at present obtain more than a fair share of repre- sentation. By an alteration of the boundaries of other constituencies, it is believed that a system can be established which will rectify the anomalies which now admittedly exist, and which, at the same time, there is some hope may prove acceptable to Parliament. The task of altering the electoral boundaries and redistributing the representation, so as to give general satisfaction, is not likely to prove a very easy one. The Minister of Railways continues to be besieged by ap- plications for new lines, all to be con- structed out of the £1,300,000 provided by the new loan bill. There is only sufficient money to construct 200 miles of railway, and requisition has already been made for over 1,200 miles. The Railway Construction Bill is likely there- fore to prove a prolific source of party contention. It is announced that a lead- ing principle of the bill will be the ex- tension of railways in newly settled dis- tricts, with the object of attaching the people to the soil. A railway, constructed by private enterprise, connecting Denili- quin, in New South Wales, with our Mount Alexander line at Echuca, the length being 45 miles, was opened last Tuesday. Half of the debentures for the £3,000,000 loan authorised last sossion will leave by the outgoing mail, and tho remainder by tho following ma;l. Arrangements havo been concluded with the 10 associated banks for floating the ' loan under their management about the end of September noxt. Any advances required ponding the receipt of the monoy will be made by the banks. A vi Ordor in Council has been passed, extend;ng the operation of the act which provides for the payment of fees to tho general revenue by means of stamps. Tho provi- sion, except in regard to the Insolvent Act, was heretofore in force chiefly, if not entirely, in the Melbowno district, but its operation has now been oxtonded throughout tho colony in all cases where the payment of fees does not reach such large amounts that tho payment by stamps would be practically inconvenient, such as of the duties in the estates of de- ceased porsons. Tho Cabinet have had under considera- tion a written statement submitted by Captain Audley Cooto to the Postmaster General, respecting the duplication of cable communication with Europe. Cap- tain Cooto, who represents the Indo Anstralian Telegraph Company and Messrs. Siemens Brothers, submits six distinct proposals, throo of which are from Queensland and three from Western Australia. Tho Queensland proposals respecting a second cable are-1. From Normantown, via Batavia, Singapore, and Tenassorim to Kurracheo, requiriug a subsidy of £40,000 a year ; 2. From Noimantown, i ¡it Timor and Sourabaya, to Singapore, Tenassorim, and Kur- racheo, subsidy £55,000 a yet»r ; 3. From Normantown, ii« Timor and Sourabaya, toSingaporOjPonang,and Tenassorim,and Kurracheo, subsidy £05,000 a year. By tbo lino from Siugaporo to Tonassorim direct communication with! India, China, Eug land, and America would bo obtained by ' tin entirely distinct route. The Western Australian proposals aro :-1, By cable from Exmouth Gulf, North-west Cape , (W.A.), to Banjoewangie, thence ma Batavia, Singapore, Tenassorim, and 1 Kurracheo, subsidy £30,000 a year. 2. From Exmouth Gulf to Anjoror Batavia, i thonco to Singapore, Tonassorim, and ; Kurracheo, subsidy £35,000 a year. 3. I By cable from Perth to Ceylon, thence to I Kurraohco terminal station of the Indo- i European lines in India, subsidy £55,000 a year. The proposals also include the reduction of the rates to £3 per message, and Os. por word over 10 words. An in- tercolonial conference is to bo held to consider the différent routes. The date has not yet beon definitely fixed, but all the colonies interested are agreed on the desirability of taking united action in the mattor. Tho conference will probably meet in Melbourne, and somo arrango mont will be dofinitoly made within the course of tho noxt fortnight. Tho Government prosecutions in con- nexion with tho oharge against Messrs. Stevenson and Sons of defrauding tho Customs revenue havo all resulted in f ni turo- Tho Messrs. Stevenson aro bringing _ actions against tho Govern- ment for illegal detention of their letters, aid tho Customs authorities ara causing tho firm every possible annoyance as re -: The revenue returns for tho quarter onded 30th Juno last wore published on tho 7th inst. Tho returns show a not in- crcaso on the yoar of £190,097. In Customs thero is an increase on tho year of £29,554 ; oxciso and inland revenue, £24,587 ; and teiritorial, £80,000. It is satisfactory to lind that the railway re- ceipts Bhow a largor incroaso than tho Customs ; and that they aro, with some other itorns, considerably in excess of tho Treasurer's estimato. SOCIAL, Telegraphic communication with Earopo j is Bull suspended, bat it is expected that in ^ o day or two it will be restored. The Edin- burgh-the steamer employed in laying t.'e New Zealand cable-succeeded on tho 4th inst in discovering a break in the Java and Port Darwin cable, about 20 roues from Port Darwin. On trying tho 1'no, it was found that there was a second fault between the first broak and Java. The situation of tho second fault has bean dis covered, and it is expected that the cable will bo in working ordor by to morrow. It is assumed that the communication between Java and Earopo is no longer interrupted, put on that point we, of course, have no i?fo"n°tion. As a precautionary measure, tbo Gpvornment of New South Wales, acting on behalf of the various Australian colonies Had engaged the steamer Ly-oo-moon to ran with messages between Java and Port Dar win and she left Sydnoy on the 6th inst. for nie latter place. Her services, however, will now not be required. Lady Bowen, accompanied by her three [ daughters, arrived by the mail steam r [ China on the 24th Jane, and was at once dnven to the new Government-house, the furnishing of which has boen recently com Îleted. líis Excellency was nuable to meet may Bowen on board the steamer, in conse- quence of an accident which he bad met with a few days previously while kan garoo hunting at Perricoota, on the Murray, ¿fe was thrown from his horse and bus tamed a severe shaking which obliged him to keep his bed for Borne dnya When able to bear the railway journey he came to town, but for a time he found it necessary to remain in his apartments at Government houee. The formal opening of the Deniliquin and Moama Jiailway took place on the 4th inst, when the directors of the company gave a déjeuna at Deniliquin The déjeuner was attended by between COO and COO perçons, including several members of the Victorian Government aud Burne members of the Legislature The Government of New South Wales took no part m the celebration, and the only member of the New South Wales Legislature present was Mr. Hay, the representative of the Murray district. This line, which connects Deniliquin, a town 45 miles on the New South Wales side of the Murray, with the Victorian railway system was constructed for the sum of £135,000, including rolling stock, or about £2,600 per mile. The Victorian gauge of 5 ft. 3 in. has been adopted in preference to the N. S. Wales gauge of 4 ft. 8½ in, and the trains can run right into the Echuca station. The Deniliquin line branches off from the Echuca railway about half a mile beyond the station and crosses the Murray by the temporary railway bridge which has been erected by the company, to be used until the main Murray bridge now in process of contruction has been completed. By the last mail the Diocesan Council re- ceived from the Right Rev. Dr. Perry his resignation of the see of Melbourne. The appointment of the Rev. James Moorhouse as the new bishop of Melbourne has to be con- firmed by the Australian bishops— a mere formality, which will probably be completed in time to send the necessary papers by the next mail. The Right Rev. Dr. Barker, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of Australia con- templates a visit to England in the course of a few months, his object being to attend the Lambeth Conference. He, however, has informed the synod of the diocese that his present intention is to return to his bishopric. The board appointed some months ago to inquire into the condition of the Kew Lunatic Asylum has sent in to the Chief Secretary a progress report. The report deals simply with the case of Leon Warneck Lewis, a patient who died in the asylum under circumstances which it was considered required investiga- tion. The report states that, notwithstand- ing searching inquiries, the board has been unable to rscertain with certointy how Lewis came by the sevore bodily injuries he re- ceived but it is evident these injuries wero not the cause of death which the board attributes to the injection of morphia after the setting of a broken lei They are of opinion that this is conclusively shown, but seeing the onfltct of opinion among the medical witnesses, they do not attach any blame to Drs Watkins and Molloy for their treatment of the patient, except for not leaviDg him in charge of a skilled attendant who would have known how to act when symptoms of poisoning Bhowed themselves. They are of opinion, however, that a serious error waa committed in the administration of tbe dose of morphia, and they truat that auch ' heroic treatment" will not bo resorted to again under similar circumstances The report of the board on the goneral manage ment of the institution has not yet boen sufficiently advanced to present to the Chief Secretoiy. After a prolonged discussion, which had been adjourned from time to time the Medical ¡society of Victoria has arrived at a conclusion respecting the value of Professor Hp'ford s method of mjecting ammonia into the veins m coses of annke-bito Mr, Wooldridge had previously moved -"That tbe special committee appointed by the society to investigate the subject of snake poisoning in do{,a not having in their report expressed ony op mon on the treatment of snake poisoning in man, and there being a wide difference between the Symptoms produced by the virus of snakes and various other poicons as well aa between the eifects of remedial agento, in man and dogs this society is of opinion that m efes of snake bite in the human sub ject the intravenous injection of ammonia is the best remedy at present known ' TbiB motion was withdrawn in favour of a friendly amendment proposed by Dr. Martin, which waa eventually earned, as follows - ' 1 That the bites of Aus traban r/msonous snakes are extremely deadly. 2 That the symptoms are the same in Australia as in India, that they differ somewhat in the lower animals and man , and that they are dist'uct in character from those of elcohoham 3 That ammonia is the best form of stimulant to exhibit and that the intravenous injection is the best method for its administration Several an tagonislic amendments were negatived by large majorities, and Dr Martins propoai tion was eventually carried by 13 votes to 4 The centennial anniversary of the Declara tion of American Independence was cele brated on the 4th met at the residence of Mr S P Lord the vice consul, the consul generr', Mr Adamson being absent in bydney There wes a largo assemblage of ladles and gentlemen, ond the usual toasts were drunk with more than the customary enthusiasm Information has bseu received in Mel bourne that Mr -homes Adamson jun who has been consul for the United States in Vic tona emce 1871, and more recently Consul General for Australia, will be relieved next year An attempt ia being made to extend the trade of this colony with New Caledonia, the importance of who;e nickel ore m'nes ia at trading considerable attention Hitherto veBBclsof an inferior class have been engaged in the trade, but the necessity of improving the means of transit is now admitted, and thoAustrelosian bteam Navigation Company has devoted one of its steamers to the traffic 'lbe Murray River trade ia assuming veiy large proportions and the launch of new steamers is becoming an everyday occur renee The largest boat yet built for the trade the Ethel Jackson, was recently launched She was constructed for Mesara W M CuUoch end Co at Mooma and with her baigo will bo capable of carrying a cargo of not less than 2 000 bales of wool The timber used in her construction waa obtained on tbe banks of the Murray, and her engines were supplied by a Sandhurst firm Another steamer built of similar materials, for Captain Rondell has also been recently launched Sie was named the Gem and will cany 800 b Iob of wool At the Yarra boilerworks Melbourne, a useful little iron steamer of 120 tons has been constructed for the Queenscliff t ade The half yearly meeting of the members of the Victorian Ladies' Sencicultural Society, was held at tho Town hall recently The re port stated that the directora had been sue ceBBful, through the energy and influence of Mrs Bladen Ne'U, m procuring the lease of one of the mulberry plantations on the I erroti rs'ate, m Italy, on the most favour able terms, bo as to reproduce the lOOoz of gram made and transmitted to Europe by the company solely The latest news as to tbo progress of the plantation was favour able Some months ago Chevalier Torran pud other experts expressed an opinion that the Australian grain would prove superior to any other ccmiments might appear rather too flattering at first sight, they had since been amply realised. Hi o report waa unanimously adopted AmongBt the deaths of the month is that of Mr David Moffat secretary of the Southern Insurance Company Mr Moffat who was only 41 years of age had lived nearly all his days in the colony, having arrived here »n 1839 He was in the office of Messrs Jas Henty and Co, managing the agency of the Derwent and Tamar Company, for many years, and ho was appointed as secretary to the Southern Insurance Com- pany at its formation in 18G4, in which capacity he acted until his death We have also to record tbe death of Mr. Edward \\\ bitby JP ne was a colonist of many years standing having arrived in Melbourne in 1849 Tor many years he carried on buni neBB as a goneral importer, in Flinders lane He trole no prominent parc in political affairs, though repeatedly invited to do bo , but he was a member of the Church Assembly of Victoria from its formation, and waa mainly instrumental in tbe establishment of the Clergy Widows and Orphans Tnnd. Ha waa also president and treasurer for nearly 12 years of the Victorian Society of Blues. A meeting of the Victorian bar, called by circular íesued by tbe Attorney General, has been held to consider the desirability of re moving the disability whion members of tho bar of Victoria not previously admitted in England or Ireland labour under as regards admission in other colonies, and to request their honours the judges of the Supreme Court to obtain the concurrence of the Su preme Coulta of New South WaleB and Queensland in framing rules by which gen- tlemen admitted m Victoria, New South Wales, or Qaeensland, may bo ¡admitted reciprocally! as of course The Attorney General presided. About 20 members of the bar were presont, and letters were received from 40 or BO others expressing the r acquies cence m the proposal. The following reso lutions were unanimously agreed to on the motion of Mr Lowes -1 That it 13 de3ir able that members of the bara of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, not previously admitted in England or Ireland, should be placed upon the same terms as to admission to the bar of each of those colo mes as members of the English and lush bars 2 That their honours the judges of the Supreme Cout b3 requested to consider the above resolution, and if they approve of the proposal, to take'such Bteps as they may think ht to give cflecfc to it 3 That the Attorney General be requested to communi- cate with the judges on behalf of the bar The sixth annual exhibition of the Victo non Academy of Arts waa closed on Situr day, June 17. Daring the 10 weeks the exhibition was open this year, the ave rage number of visitors was much larger than dunng any previous season, and in other respects this year s exhibition has been more successful han any of if3 prodecessou A fine public building, consisting of town ball, post ond telegraph offices, and court houce, has been erected at Hotham, a popa lons Bnburb of Melbourne The edifice which baB a tower 150ft in height, is one o the finest of the kind m the colony. It has been cheaply constiucted, however, the cost bemg only £12,000 The buildings were recently opened with a banquet and boll Serious defalcations have been discovered in the Bank of New South Wales, Melbourne, on the part of the paying teller, James G Sawell 'ihe total amount of the deficiency haB not yet been made known, but it ia be- lieved to be not far short ol £6 000. The defaalter is a son of the late Captain Sawell, of the Blackbird, and he resided at South Yarra with h ~~the Bank of New South Wales when quite a lad, and has continued in its service during the last 10 years, dunng which period he attained to high positions of trust and responsibility, sack, as ledger keeper and paying teller. He was well known in rowing circles, and in the Banks rowing lace, which took place recently, he acted as coxswain for the Bank of New South Wales boat It is stated that he gambled heavily on that race, as olio on the recent Sydney races, and that he lost a considerable amount of money On the Monday fol- lowing the Saturday on which the boat race referred to took place, he com pit1 ned to hiB superiors in the bank of feeling unwell, and applied for a week'u Bick leave of absence, lins request was at once granted, but at the expiration of his leave he did not return to his duties His continued absence excited the attention of the bank authorities, and his accounts having been investigated, the defalcations were discovered It wf s found on inquiry, that he had gone with his mother to Ade laide, where he was subsequently arrested He has been brought to Melbourne and com nutted for trial on a charge of having mis appropriated £o00 of the banks' money. The Legislature during last cession passed an act for the suppression of Chinese lottery shops which had been established m the city and which were producing a great deal of immorality A number of Chinese were recently summonod before tbo Police Court for being connected with these shops and were fined in various amounts An appeal was, howevei, made to the Supreme Court, and the convictions have been quashed, on the ground that an application made by the defendants for the name of the informant bad been refused Tor the last two years a suit has been pro ceeding m the Supreme Court, in which the right to a very rich mine was involved. The mine had belonged to Messrs Learmonth, and wes sold by them for £13,000 to a Mr M. Lougblin Shortly aftor the sale the mine turned out to bo a great deal richer than the vendors bad expected, and as Mr Bailey who had been their nvmng manager, had obtained an interest in the property from LoughliD, a suit was instituted to set aside the sale on the ground that Bailey had mado false representations to Mr Learmonth of the piosrects of the mine Two other parties who had purchased interests in the mine, Mr. J, Williamson, a bank manager, and Mr Ed- wards, a sharebroker, were also alleged to have been en gaged m the conspiracy. The ceso was tried before a jury m March last, but no verdict was arrived at It was tried again last month, and this time the july were unanimous m finding in favour of the defen dpnts on all the issues submitted to them There is a law point, however, still to be argued, so that the But will last for some time longer. What has been known dunng the last month or more aa the Hawthorn Mystery, has had a somewhat curious solution It will be remembered that shortly after Easter, Mrs. Thompson, a shopkeeper at Hawthorn, near Melbourne, suddenly disappeared She had been living with her con, whose dis3i pated habits had caused bis mother trouble A week or two after Mrs Thompson was last ceen, her Bon also disappeaied, but a few days afterwards his dead body was found in the houce hanging from a beam between the roof and the coi1 rig. As the mo3t teurcbing inquiries filled to discover the whereat ou's of M13 Thompson, it was feared tbar sho a);o had committed suicide or bad been made away with by her con. At IPBt, however, Mib Thompson has been found at Epglebawk, near Sandhurst, where Bhe bad entered the service of a brewer named S'eward Although the newspapers were filled with accounts of the atti ir for weeks, Bbe Btated|that Bhe had only heard of the fate of her con a short time before her dis covery. It came out that her employer had I satielied himself 12 days before that the woman in his aoivice was Mrs Thorap:on, and had obtened a reluctant concent to make known the fact that she was alive. Through the miscaruage of a letter, how e\er, the infoimation was not given, and the discovery was made accidentally by the police Another arrest of an English defaulter was effected in Hobson'a Bay on June 17, which in some of its featureB bears a resemblance to that of the accountant named Close, who waB apprehended here in April last on chargeB of forgery and embezzlement The defaulter in this instance is named Charles Bigtc ¿0 years of age, who had bsen in the employment of the Staveley Coal and Iron Company whoso head oflico is in St. Paneras Road, London, ps a clerk for over nine years. The company haa six metropolitan depute, at one of which, in Mileage yard, Paddington, Biggs acted as wharf clerk. His duties were to receive coal from the colheiy to cell it to the customers, to receive moneys, and to account for the same to his superiors, which waa genorally demanded of him twice or three times a week. He left his situation on the 28th of robrutuy last, without giving any notice, ond along with his wife and bis children, having left one behind, sa'led ia the ship Trowbridge, for Melbourne Imme- diately after his disappearance it was dis covered that he had appropriated about £3j0 of the company's money for his otvn use A warrant for the arreBt of Bigga was granted on the 5th of April, and Inspector Dowdel', of the detective department, Great Scotland yard, London, was despatched by tho Suez mml with the warrant and depositions ia his possession, to overtake and arrest the de faulter at Melbourne This mail, it wi'l be remembered, was delayed for 10 days at Lis- bon, owing to a breakdown of the steamer ia the Bay ot Biscay, but still it arrived 12 days before the Trowbridge Detectives Maokay (Sandridge) and Potter (Molbourno) were en- trusted with tbe arreBt, and along with Inspeotor Dowdell went in a hoat, and met the Trowbridge as sho was being tagged up the bay. When accosted by Detective Mackay BigRB admitted that he was the person named in the warrant, and quietly Burrendered himself. On being asked to account for the moneys he had em- bezzled, Biggs said that he had poid £95 for his passage, having booked himaolf and family right through to Brisbane, their pro posed destination, and that the balance of his cash, which he said waB only a few pounds, had been nearly all spent upon the voyage in purchasing necessary comfortB for himBelf and wife, in the shape of porter and brandy, and that h>s wifo bad still two or three sovereigns m her pocket The only valuable article found in hiB possession or in the cabin was a gold watch and chain, appar- ently of old date An arrangement was made that Mrs. Biggs and the children should remain in their cabin unt'l they re sumed their journey to Brisbane, where, fortunately, they havo friends. The prisoner waB then conveyed to Melbourne and lodged in gaol, The necessary warrant having baen signed by the Govomor, Inspector Dowdell will shortly leave for London with his pri- soner. A curious charge of forgery haa been brought against Mr. William Sincock, late manager ol the Land Mortgage Bank of Vic- toria. The accusation against him, aa dis- closed at the Melbourne City Police Court, was that he had forged and uttered an en dorsement of the bank to a bill of exchange for £7,000, whioh the Bank of New Zealand bad discounted. The evidence went to show that the defendant had used the endorse- ment of the bank to raise money for the liquidation of bia own liabilities, and that the bank did not receive one sixpence of the bill which was the subject of the prosecution. As, however, Mr. Sincock was acting as manager of the bank when he endorsed the bill, the Bench held that there was no for Sery in the case, and discharged the prisoner. Ir. J. C. Stewart, who conducted the prose- cution, intimated that a fresh information ander the Criminal Offences Statate had been prepared, representing that Mr. Sincock " did, with intent to defraud, endorse a cer- tain bill of exchange in the name of the Land Mortgage Bank, without lawful authority." It is understood, however, that the case, which is a very complicated one, depending on a variety of transactions which ultimately led to differences between Mr. Sincock and tbe directors of the Land Mortgage Bank, has been settled. Mc:srs, Myers and Cantor, importers at Sydney, recently received, per the Rutland- shire, a cate supposed ti contain cut knife rests and cut tumblers, but on unpacking it, they found it filled with stones, dirt, and Btraw. A Melbourne firm, MeesiB. Hasge and Co , of Elizabeth-street, softgoods importera, bave cxpeiienced a very similar deception. On opening a caBe received by the s s. North- umberland, rnd supposed to contain fine woollen goods, they found it filled with lubbiBh instead. Tho case, which was a tin lined one, was neatly nailed up, and showed no signs of having been tampered with until it was opened hero by the consignees. REVENUE OF VICTORIA The following comparative statement of the (net) revenue of Victoria for the quarters and yrirs ending 30th June, 1875 and 1876 respectively, was published in the Government Gazette of the 7th inst : Quarter ending Year ending Ukads o? ItBVENDB. Juno 8( , Juno 81 * June BO, Juno 80, 187S. 1870. 1875. 1870. I.- CUBIOMB. £ £ £ £ Spirits .. .Vino 14188 0 148,83 3 507,03 0 620,608 7.9? 7 8,87 7 80,01 1 87,706 Beer and cider . 6,71 8 7,47 1 32 09 9 27,090 Tobacco and enuc 28,24 7 20,63 7 111,62 3 100,001 Ciirars 2,08 3 8,42 6 12,27 1 14,204 15,121 B 10,05 6 67,60 B 74,225 Sugar and mo lasses .. . 16,83 1 21,60 2 82,00 2 - 00,038 Coffee, chicory cocoa, and clio colato .. . 8.88 J 6,11 5 18.001 9 17,009 Opium .. 4,01 } 4,10 2 16,71 3 17,020 Rico 3,86 } 4,70 5 16,10 7 10,057 Ilona .. ,. Halt 4,83 J 1,49 4 10,80 S 6,411 8,06 8,801 9 14,80 2 10,800 Dried and pro served fruits ane vegetables . 0,28 18.00, 9 28,03 J 42,803 Articles Bubjcct t< ad valorem du tica 63,02 07,001 ) 887,53 801,574 All other articles. 60.06 Î 02,68 1 241,831 203,125 Wharfage rates . 24,18 ) 23,01 1 100,70 S 107,327 Total customs. 880,00 417,67 162823 1667 783 n.-Exeter, Ara iNLAliD RSVEKUB. Spirits distilled ir Victoria.. . 8.70 8,48 ) 82,47 83,437 iuctlonccre' li ccnccs .. 12 28 ) 003 0,768 All otber licence! Set 60 4,08 8,053 Duties on estates of deceased per sons 17,78 8,77 82,62 48,903 DutlcB on bant 7,10 .. 7,190 Total excise and inland revenue 27.264 26,82t 75,71 100,802 HI.-Tejimto nut,. Alienation o Crown lands by ~ miction.. Receipts toward tho purchaso o lands, and route 188,161 94,04 203,07 200,047 and licences . 153,81 189,48 629,79' I 000,303 Pastoral occupa tlon, lus. 14,20 10,14 j 127,80 3 185,973 Miners' riirhts . 1,25 1,37 0,01 3 5.805 OusincBS licences. 80 261 > 1,351 5 1,002 Leases of aurifer ousand lumera lands .. 8,205 2,4« 12,15 10,110 Water-right and searching li ccnccs, Ac. Total territorla IV.-PrrnMO 20S l8 1,00 895 860,206 208,811 011,224 1020207 Works. Railway incorao .. 222,404 243,44! 921,718 033,033 Water Supply Yan Yean 26,080 27,803 76,201 77,405 On gold-fields .. 2,630 8,009 7,940 0,023 Geelong 1,072 1,024 6,35 5,017 Dock ducs, lus. .. Toll receipts Total publie. 1,607 1,207 6,897 5,845 700 06 930 100 works 266,112 270,111 1017104 10S2021 V. - Fonts AKD HutBOims. Tonnage .. 4,053 8,947 19,593 21,006 Puotago at out ports .. 110 108 841 403 Total ports and harbours .. 4,172 4,110 10,935 22,105 VI.-POBT AKD Tk LKoiurn Offices. POBUgO ,, .. 88,252 80,365 140,877 154,450 ConimlBSlon on money orders .. 1,207 11,882 1,230 5,014 5,042 Electric telegraph 12,688 43,431 40,710 Total post and telegraph .. 60,843 63,183 198,825 200,213 VU.-Pkbs. Supreme Court .. 2,750 2,082 0,632 0,303 douerai Sessions & County Courts. 840 770 8,0S6 2,084 Courts of Mines .. 28 12 125 116 Courts ol Petty Sosal oils 2,207 2,000 9,693 8,782 Under thoTransfer of Land Statuto 6,200 5,700 18,209 18,621 MlBcollaneouB ices 14,808 20,003 60,024 08,146 Total tees 25,004 81,344 100,782 107,811 Vin.-FiKBg. Supremo Court .. 89 9 166 525 General Sessions and County Courts .. e l8 15 80 Courts of Potty Sessions 404 400 1,922 1,010 All other lines and forfeitures 770 2B0 13,005 2,818 Total fines 1,880 772 16,008 1,821 IX. - MlSCBLkANB OOfl. Rents, exclusivo of lands . . 210 168 748 074 Government prin- ter .. . .. 1,202 1,708 7,587 0,112 Labour ot Pri- soners .. 8,101 8,800 0,802 10,769 Industrial and Ro formatoryschools 772 638 2,620 2,821 Solo of Govern- ment property.. Master In l.unncj 8,811 882 5,915 4,499 803 1,200 8,039 4,010 Mint Charges ., 1,480 1,008 7,603 7,059 Interest on Public Account 22,416 610 61,174 18,184 Interest on Invest- ments .. .. 0,140 8.140 18,280 18,280 Interest on Depart mcntalAccounts B2S 62 2,299 2,129 Interest on loans to local bodies.. 8,427 4,826 2,970 0,011 Surplus, Mint Sub- sidy, returned .. 4,209 6.800 4,290 10,094 Contr'butlon by tho Molbourno Corporation tor maintenance of public gardonB, &C.; .. 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 All other receipts" 87 6,718 16,246 10,014 Total miscella- neous" ~ 68,741 88,501 184,764 118,562 Totalrovenuo.. 1 1 1647001 146840 146840 1182126 4 .. 4 822828 182125 Net decrcoso on tho quarter .. 8,040 .. m. ,, Net Incrcaso on tlio year 100,007 ' Exclusivo of recoups and transfers. TUE CUSTOMS AND THE IMPORTERS. The dispute between the Customs depart- ment and the firm of Messrs. L. Stevouson and Sons still continues. When the l»3t mail left the hearing of a second cb argo against the firm for £100 penalty for not paying sufficient duty on a quantity of flannel was being proceeded with. Ab in the former charge against the firm relative to boBiery and gloves, sointhiB, the principal witness for the Crown was Ihe informer Trowell, who had been dismissed from the Sim's employment. Trowell alleged that in the middle of last year he submitted to the manager an order for cricketing flannel, the price to be Is. 7d. per yard. An invoice, as. cording to Trowell, was subsequently received giving the price of the flannel at Is 6_d Bofore the goods arrived Trowell had been dismissed In the invoice that was passed at the Customs the price was put Jown at Is 2_d per yard or a difference of id per yard This on 1 200 yards of flannel which formed the ship ment made a difference in value of £20 Besides Trowell tho Crown prosecutor called two witnesses Messrs Chas Andrews of Geelong, and John Whitticomb (belonging to a Melbourne Arm) to show that the value of the flannel m Lugland was Is Gd per yard instead of the Is 2}d on which duty bad been paid A great deal of time was taken up in attempting to prove the invoice that bad been presented to the Customs for no witness would positively swear to it ia asmuch as the Customs stamp (an embos ed one) had been worn away by some means Thia difficulty wes eventually overcome by the defendants counsel allowing the docu ment to be put in as a duplicate of the m voice Tor the defence it was contended as in the former case that duty had only to be paid on the real market value of the goods and a great number of witnesses experts in the trade were called togive evidence on that point the r evidence as to value ranging from Is Id tols 2d IhoilannelB woro described as not being cricketing flannels but only imita tions and onewitnees said that in hisopimon they were menufactured by Jules Varinet and Co of Sedan There were 13 magistrates on the bench three including the police ma_¡3 trate (a Government official) being for a con viction and the remainder including the mayor being for a diem j3a' Two of thc38 eight did not wish to give costs, but the majority determined not only to dismiss the case but to give £lo0 co" 3 The next pbare of the proceeding was that a day or two after the dismirsal in the Police Court, the Crown charged Mr G Stevemon and four of his c i loyct. with resisting Mr Guthrie the collector of Customs m the execution of his duty This prosecution arooo out of the attempt made by Mr Gnthne in Apr I lest to compel Mr Stevenson to give up certain documents which the Customs considered to be of value as proving the guilt or innocence of the firm Mr Guthrie finding that the firm would not give up the documents put Borne officeiB n po se sion of the warehouse Mr Stevenson then took legal advice and acting upon it he ejected the Customs officials and clc ed bia warehouse Mr Guthtie however re took pt cssion by force aided by the po) ce I inding he could not obtain enhance by the front door which was barricaded he endeavoured Ito force his way through the fanlight but was struck on the head by a youug man named Wilkinson lhere wrs a good deal of contradictory evidence as to whether Mr Guthrie struck Wilkinson first or not or whether Wilkinson hadnotBtiuckGuthrioaccidenta"y or whether Guthrie a wound was caused by 6ome break ing of the ghs3 in the fanlight Nothing however turned on that pa t of tho c e It was argued for the defendants that there had bren no resistance to Guthrie in the execution of h s duty that he had no busi ne 3 to enter the place at r'J as he was not in Bearch of uncustomed goods By un cuBtomed gooda it was ^on'onded w 3 meant goods tbat bad never paid duty not thone a3 to which there wps a dispute as to whether proper duties had been paid It waa also urged that the Customs never really went to search for uncustomed gc ods but to compel Stevenson to give up the documents it was alleged he bad Mr Justice Teltows who tried the case told the jury that os matter of fact, Mr Guthrie bad been rssaulted and resisted Whether he wa3 thore in the execution of his duly depended upon how the legal points raised tor the defendants should be decided He was inclined to bold with the defendants on the i oints but he would not decide the matter he would reserve the questions for the Tuil Court He then sent the case to the jury to determine first whether Mr Guthrie bad been assaulted whether he had reeson able grounds for believing that the warehouse contpmed uncustomed goods-whether it contained them or not was immaterial to the present ibbuo The jury after a very short de'iboration returned a verdict of not guilty as to all the defendants an announcement which was received with great cheering 'n court Uhe pro ecution is dissatisfied with the decision of the magistrates m reference to the comple nt for penalties and wish toap peal to i lie Supreme Court against the dis miseal of the caces As appealB however, lie only upon questions of law and not of fact it is doubtful whether the appeal would be entertained and the lawyers acting for the Crown bave not yot detennined whether to proceed with the appeal or not although (orari notice has been served on the magia trates requiring them to state a case for the opinion of the bupreme Court Meanwhile the petty annoyances by the Customs department on the firm continue and all the packages of the firm even ttioso entered for bond ore rigorously opened to enable the officers to coe what is in them Lately the Customs officers have given notice that they w U receive no more invoices oftbekindwhichMeesrs Stevenson have been in the habit of presenting to pass duties upon The firm was informed that for the future it must produce genuine invoices with proper headings of eli toods liable to a I valore) i duties ond a'co of boots and shoes To this Messrs Stevenson and Sons replied that the form of the invoice hitherto produced n as UBed by thom for years bofore any ad valo e u duties came into force was approved of by the Commissioner of Customs in office when the ad valorem tariff was passed and has been used ever since They also aîsert that the Commissioner of Customs is aware that other houses in Melbourno pre out invoices practically similar to theirs and thal they do not Bhow the namo of any firm but their own and Buch invoices aro accepted by the Cub toms department lo this the Customs answered that there were no other firma using similar invoices and stated that the object of the order was to placo the firm in the samo post tion as other houses transacting business with the Customs It is also pointed out that the tnployib of the firm have stated that the invoices used at the Customs ure morely trado luis price lists and memoranda MeBsrs. Stevenson have rejoined that the documents presented to the Customs are the genuino invoices and repeat that the invoices are substantially tho Bamo aa those of other firms in not discloBin_ the manu facturera names They offer however to comply with the requirements of the Customs as to the headings after a sufficient time has elapsed to enable them lo communicate with England and after they are informed what the Customs moan Ij proper headin_a to the invoices Several mercantile firms have waited on the Commissioner of Customs for the purpose of asserting that the invoices which they passed at the Customs showed the genuino values of the goods imported by thom and in support of their statement they professed their willingness to allow the collector of Customs or any responsible officer appointed by him to inspect any books documents or papers connected with their business which he considered neceesaiy Application boa been made to a police magistrate by Mr Miles a diaper at 1 merald bill whose evidence the informer Trowell bad contradicted for a warrant for perjury Mr Miles m his evidence had said that Trowell made an offer to him of a quantity of goods at an undervalue with the view of m creasing the number of his sales and seouring the bonus to which he would be entitled as head of a department in the warehouse The magistrate has, however refused the appli cation for the present as the proceedings connected with the case have not yet con eluded MASSACRES IN THE SOUTH SEAS On July 4 the schooner Dancing Wave an ¡ved at Sydney from the Solomon Group under charge of the mate of the barque Sydney with the news of a massacre which had been peipett-ted by the South Sea natives Captain Harrison and all hands excepting one on board the Dancing Wavo having been murdered The following are the particulars of the outrage -On the 22nd of April last the Dancing Wave called at nonda Island to obtain native labour for Somorset A numbar of natives were en gaged and brought on board and there were also a number of others who had received tomahawks and other articles from the cap tain in barter Without w arning the natives roso upon the crow attacking them with tomahuwkB Captain Harrison was almost instantly lulled together with some of his crew while the chief officer aud steward after being wounded, reached the cabin where tbey Bliot themselves A seaman named Broad (or Board) jumped overboard and got to bavau 40 miles off, in a boa* when the vessel was recovered by the crow of the barque Sydney, and it was then found that the natives had plundered her It ia Btated that the natives took two heads and One bedy ashore Broad, before escaping shot several of his assailants, and several natives from another island engaged on board were also killed. Subsequent to the receipt of this intelli- gence, Commodore Hoskins received a com- munication from Coneul Layard, at Noumea, dated June 17, to the effect that he had just heard from Captain Lind owner of the Laura Lind, that he fell in with the Rev. Mr. Inglis, in the missionary vessel Dayspring, who re ported that an English veBSel called the May Queen, or Mary Quinn, a labour ve3sel from Queensland, had run ashore at Tanna at a place called Vagóos, that the crew fired at the natives, who attacked them in return, burned the vessel, then killed and ate the crow. Captain Lind had been in Port Reso- lution and states that all the natives who came m agreed as to the destruction of the veseel and her crew, but are not certain of the precise locality. A young man named Midustrod is said to have been on board instead of the Queensland labour agent, who was drowned previously. Captain Lind is the person who rescued the surviving crew and patcengers of the Isabella, lost on Bramp- ton Shoals, and he fears that there are now more costawayB on the same island belong ing to three British vessels whose remains he found there. ESCAPE OT PRISONERS FROM NEW CALEDONIA. Tho captain of the French barque, Pamllac which arrived at Newcastle recently from New Caledonia, reports that the encapa of political prisoners is a matter of almost daily occurrence. One party of eight escaped in a boat recently, and were not afterwards heard of, and a patty of five who escaped later were picked up, after three days' exposure, by a French war vessel which had been sent out in pursuit During the month a party of timber getters fonnd a man in a deplorable condition near Double Island Point, Wide Boy, Queensland. Ile was one of fivo pn soners who recently escaped from New Cale- donia One was drowned during the passage Black trackers were sent to look after the other three, who left the rescued man m order to Beek for assistance, he being much injured when landing The police magistrate took pos eeseion of the boat, which was muchdama_ed on behalf of the Trench Government Subsequently three Noumea escapees were discovered on the beach near Noosa killing a bullock, cutting the flesh into junks and using the hide stretched on a pole as a tent, lliey had only 301b of flour on leaving the penal settlement Tbey had nothing to eat for X1 days, when a vec3el bound for Sjdnoy caine alongside but the officers refused them a paseage, fearing the Trench consul would arrest them The escaño was planned some time before itB execution Bags were col lected from which BailB were manufactured and the men secreted a bag of flour at night Ihey got out of prison by the archway un noticd and unchallenged by the sentry, un shackled the chain of the gate, and got away unseen. They had no oars in the boat when leaving. An American who was with them was drowned tho seventh day out They state that there are 9,000 prisoners in Now Caledonia, two thuds of whom are Com munists. THE SAMOAN DIFFICULTY Colonel A. B Steinberger, the late Premier of Samoa, whose name has become well known through the recent disturbances in those islands which resulted in his arrest and deportation, and in a collision attended with loss of life between the natives and the crew of H.M.S Barracouta, arrived in Melbourne a few days ago from New Zealand, and pur poses leaving by the outgoing mail steamer for London, where he intends to bring the pro ,eed ?ngs of Captain Stevens, commander of the Barracouta, under the notice of the British Government, and also to claim re dreBB for the alleged injuries ho has suffered. He states that in 1873 he was sent out by the United States Government os special com- missioner to Samoa, in order to report upon the character of the islands, their extent, population, resources, &.&, and, m fact, to obtain all the information posBiblo in tho interests of the United States Government After spending eight months in the islands, during which time he created a Government on a settled basis, removed the people from their chaotic Btats of existence, and put a stop, to a great extent, to the inter necme wars which hitherto had raged with moro or less violence among the natives, be returned to the United States, and fur- nished his report to the Government. In February, 1875 he returned to Samoa, accre- dited as special commissioner for the United States, with scaled instructions from the Secretary of State and with a sealed letter from the President of the United States ad dreBsed to the native chiefs. He waa warmly welcomed by tho natives, and after a little time, at the earnest request of the entire native population and the better cta-s of tho whites, ho accepted the position of Premier. In endeavouring to improve the position of the natives he aroused the hostility of the missionaries of the London Missionary Society, especially Dr Geo Turner, and of many of the wbite population The Amen can coneul, Mr S b 1 orster, who had a per sonal hostility against him, joined with the missionaries in an intrigue to secure his deportation fiom the island, and ou the. aruval of H MS Barracouta on December 12 they induced Captain Stevens to inter- fere Ihe first B'ep was the seizure of the Pcerlees, aschoonerowned by Col Steinbeißer which, nouvithfltaiidinghiaproteat, wassoldby Captain Stevens Some timo after, ou 1 ebru arv, 8, Colonel Steinberger himcelf was seized by an aimed force from the Barracouta, on the authority of an order which the King had been induced to sign for his removal from the ¡Bland Ho was taken on hoard the Bartacoula.and placed in confinement Th caused a commotion among the natives, who detbioucd and banished their king, Muhet ia Ihe account of the proceedings that followed is given by Mr Coe, an American resident, who was himself afterwards arrested by Cuptain Stevens Ihe King MaUetoa waB brought back to Apia by the Barracouta, and Captain Stevens endeavoured to induce the Taimua (the Samoan House of Assembly) to reinstate the King, but they refused, and asked that Colonel Steinberger should be released. Finding the attempts to reinstate Malietoa on the throne were unsuccessful, Captain Stevens and the consuls determined to make a bold effort to re enthrone the ex-King by landing 170 mon, together with the ofheors of the Barracouta till armed Concerning the affray tv Inch ensued Mr Coe Hives the following account - On tho 13th of March Captain Slavens and his officers, accompa- nied by tbo British and American consuls and ox King Malietoa, Dr Geo A Turnor and an armed force, marchod to the Govern ment promises at Mulinuu On reaching there it was found that the Taimua and Taipulo bad assembled, and were prepared to reçoive thom. Seats wore offered to tho captain and consuls, Malietoa, and Dr. Turner inside the houso, and the officers with the men, remained outBide. Tho Tai mua and Taipule, representing the Govern- ment of Samoa, had takon the procaution of having all their soldiers called in from the camp of instruction, two miles m the in- terior, to bo prepared for any emergency, as it had been rumoured that Captain Stovons intended to bum their houses at Mulinuu if thoy refused to receive Maltotoa Captain Stevens, when sitting in the Govornment houEe perceived in the huts on the opposite Bide of the road that Samoan soldiers were there with their guns, and íesued orders to the first lieutenant to proceed to those huts and disarm all the Samoaus ho saw with guns Mr M'Leod, first lieutenant, obeyed ordeiB, and went with a file of blue jackets to diBarm tho Samoaus. The first man he came across in the hut was a chief of infenor rank Mr M Leod demanded his gun, which the chief declined to surrender. Mr. M'Leod then laid hold of the gun and attempted to force it away from it, but the Samoan was too strong for bim, and soon regained possession By this time the Samoan was on his feet and exchanging words with Mr M'Leod. The report of a rifle was soon heard, and in an instant the native ohief lay a corpse m the hut. A bullet from the Snider rifle of a blue jacket outside of the hut had pierced his heart, and killed him instantly Ihe Samoans soon mustered, and formed in line of battle, the Barra contas men doing the same. Firing was kept up on both sides for 10 to 15 minutes, when the Samoans retreated bohind cocoa nut and bread fruit trees, and fired occa stonal shots from there, the Barracoutas following their example. The skirmish lasted in all half an-hour, when a flag of truce (a white flag) was sent by the Samoans to where the representatives of the Govern- ment were assembled, with Captain Stevens, the consuls, Malietoa, and Dr. Turner Captain Stevens demanded that they should surrender their arms, and 50 gone, with cartridge boxes, were surrendered. In the affray tho Barracouta lost three men, killed and eight eeriouBly wounded. The loss of the Samoans was-three Ulled, and five slightly wounded. The Barracoota remamedat Samoanntilro called on March 29, and then proceeded to Fiji, where Colonels Stoinberger and Coe wero landed, and afterwards on to Auckland. Mr Coe after being released at Tiji, pro- ceeded at once to the United States to Ia; the matter before the Washington Govern- ment, It appears that he baa now been ap- pointed American Consul at Samoa, in place of Mr Toster GOLD AND THE COLD ITELDS There is very little news of importance to record this month with regard to gold mining in Victoria. The industry is being earned on steadily by the 40 000 miners employed in it, and co far as is recorded with the ordinary payable results from the claims which are auriferous but there have been no specially heavy returns reported either in alluvial or quartz mining-the two branches into which tbe industry is divided It is evident however, that quartz mining, which of late years baa made such rapid s ti idea that it has surpassed alluvial mining, is still extending and is likely to do bo The fact ia very important to the future interests of Victoria because a quertz mine as a rule furnishes employ- ment for many years whilst an alluvial mine is often worked out in a few weeks A quartz mine also often gives constant employment to from 1C0 to 2C0 men but alluvial claims, with the exception of those on Ballarat and one or lvto other of tbo gold fields seldom requ re more than a very few men to work them The Bteady procrees of mining on Sandhurst may bo mentioned as a proof of the great value of quartz claims Although there have not been any extraordinarily heavy yields from particular mineB in that distuct during the past year such as have been recorded occasionally the large nnmber of mines bearing gold there con- tinue to give exceedingly good returns. At no pericd indeed, since the mining ex- citement of 1871 and 1872 has the general mining and financial position of Sandhurst as a quartz reefing district been Bounder or placed on a more satisfactory basis That this is the actual position of Sandhurst as a quartz centre just now will be seen by the returns lor the half year just endod which show that the amount of gold obtained for the first six months of 1870, received by the local banks (IjG OOOoz ) exceeds tho returns oh ained for the same period of 1875 by over IS OOOoz The dividends for the same period of 1S"G exceed the dividends declared during the first Bix months of 1875 by a Sum of £106 000 and aa the calla for tho six months just passed are estimated at £57 500 while he dividends amouut in that time to £¿14 COO there is the exceedingly handsome balance to the credit of dividends for the first six months of 187G of £157100 which is a moBt catiBfactory margin of profit exceed- ing the net profits of the firBt half of 1875 by a Bum of £104 COO or an average increase of income per month on the first half of the present year of £11 COO As there would ap- pear to be a considerable discrepancy between the mcreace in the amount of gold obtained, and the largo margin the comparative profits of the half year disclose it must be ex plained that a considerable amount of the gold got by some of the mining companies in the early part of 1875 was swallowed up by debts which had accumu- lated in connexion with the pro3P3Cting and erecting of machinery for such companies, while almost eveiy shilling of profits ob tained this year has been devoted to divi dends the Gardon Gu'ly United Company being the only conspicuous exception to this rule The general prosperity of the dtstnot being so clearly shown by the returns quoted, it is of no real importance save to a few dealers and brokers whether the share market may be described us lively or duli provided only it is cound and that any trans actions wb'ch take place are legitimate and the natural outcome of the prospects remotely or proximately of the various minns quoted On Ballarat although alluvial mining is dull, a Bteady development of quartz mining is going on which is likely to prove of great benefit to the district in the long run The quartz obtained ou Ballarat ia generally very poor but the companies there arc-as a rule -manpged very economically and it almost appeals that any kind of quartz can be made to pay on Lallarat providing it contains gold at all At Stawell the principal mines con- tinue to yield well The Lxtended Cross Beef Company there had 1609oz Odwt of gold during the last month from a crushing of 052 tons aud other com- panies have alEO reported good re- turns The Magdala Company, at Stawell, have not yet bad a crushing from their reef discovered at the great depth of 1 700ft and the shares are now at a much lower figure than when the reef was first struck and it woe thought it would return gold Mr H C Bate Gove nment surveyor who has re cently inspected and reported on the pro- spects rnd connon of tbo Magdala Company for the benefit of the shareholders has ex- pressed hiniBelf peifectiy satisfied that the company are do northerly drive at tbe deepest level but he shows good reason why they also should foi low the coutherly drive further and also why they should at onco open out at or about their 700ft level as ne cannot ece how tbey can miss striking the upper Hat reef which exists in the Lxtended Cross Companys ground He is however very sancuine that the northerly deep drive will be the first to open up tbe riches of the mine A recent dispute between the shareholdert of the New North Chinos Quartz Company as Clunes and their directors has led to the publication by tho latter of some statistics which Bhow wbit ft vnluable mino the com- pany has owned ond tho large amount of bold that may bo taken out of a quartz claim in a comparatively few years According to tho BtatiBticB it appears that from 1808 to the present time 313 415 tons of quartz obtained from tho mine was crushed for a total yield of 1J1 5700Z the value being £780 847 and the average yield of gold per ton 12 4grs Out of tho value £45° 834 wob paid in divi dends to the shareholders and a sum of £)000 was reaorved against contingencies, and to provide for the exploration of tho lower level of the mino The actual profit reahced out of the gold won from the mine was 5.) per cem a return which the directors Btato gives ample proof of economy and efficiency of management There havo often boen disputes on Ballarat EaBt between tbo local municipal council and the miners on the question of mining underneath the town roads or noar to where buildings stand on the surfaco The former body as in duty bound to tho ratepayers, determined to protect public and private properly at all hazards and the mining com- munity havo thought that protection waa carried to such a length that it seriously cur- tailed their rights and privileges as miners As members of the Water Commission, too the town council have considered it their duty to protect tho water mama from danger. Some difference of opinion recently as to the effects of tho mining operations of the Counters Company induced the council tore quest Mr ThomaB Cowan mining Burveyor, to report on the subject, and at the last meet- ing of the council on Triday night that report was sent in but for some reason it waB not read at the meeting Mr Cowans report has however been published and it Booms to take a very fair view of the situa- tion He contends that though it is essen- tial that the water mains should bo pro- tected above all things it is notnocessary to prohibit mining under or near them, except within certain distances He says that so far ob tho mains aro concorned, all that ib necessary is to leave a reserve of 30ft on either Bido to a depth of 250ft aa ground not to bo disturbed for any mining o cara tions nnd that np to that 30ft on eithor side and below tho 250ft ordinary mining operations might be carried on with perfect safety, provided the usual precautions of filling np drives &.& be adopted and that for somo distance outside the 30ft limit mining operations might safely bo permitted to be carried up to within ISOIt of the surface Ho thinks the risk to tho pipes is not great from present operations, and that all danger could eusily be obviated by care and a small expenditure If Mr Cowan ho correct and he is a good authoilty, there should be *ew moro disputes in regard to the water mains bocause miners who would desire to trench on the forbidden ground would deserve no sympathy The report is referred to the Water Commis- sion A row alluvial ruBb occurred a few days ago to Wild Duck flat near Dunolly The Dunotlu Lxpi ess Bays that the news of a prospecting party having Btiuck gold on the above fiat caused a general stampede from the Old Lead and other workings m the neighbour- hood of Dunolly, till scarcely a man was left The exact spot is near Blundell s farm, and distant about four miles from Dunolly The prospector obtained lSdwt off the bottom of his Bhaft inoludlng two roagh speoka ot 6dwt and 7dwt. respectively, and oa Saij, almo picked out of the dirt. The sinking is about 15ft,, the prospector having bottomed at 12ft, with a dip of 3ft into a gutter. The flat may be described as "most likely looking," and the wonder is that it had not been tested long ago. In fact, there are in the locality a number of gullies and small flats that well deserve the expending of a little time and labour by the miner. On Sunday some 300 or 400 men were on the ground, and the flat waa marked off right down to the fence of the abovenamed farm. Sinking was commenced on a large number of claims, and as the country is comparatively soft, especially after the experiences of 'Possum-hill, two or three days' work will indicate the courso of the lead. Gold in small quantities, we are told, was found here four or five years ago, but not being considered payable the ground waa then abandoned. About three days ago some excitement waa -caused on CluneB by the discovery of a rich lode in the New Lothair mine thero. The Btone got from the new lode waa said to be thickly stndded with gold, and the richest in appearance ever got on Clunes. The reef it was obtained from was 3ft thick, and it is gradually widening out as it is worked upon. The shares, which before striking the new Btone were worth £210s. each, rose to £4 10s. immediately the discovery was made known. The stone was obtained in a reef at a depth of 500ft. from the surface, and in a drive at a point 200ft from the shaft. AGRICULTURE. The season of midwinter has just passed, and the rainfall for the first halt of the year, according to the Government astronomer, baB been only ll'03in., as against 17'39in. in the corresponding period of the previous year. For many months the rainfall has con* eistet! of light showers, occurring at long in- tervals, so that the land has been moistened to no great depth below the surface. The greater part of the continent is suffering from a continuance of the drought, which was temporarily interrupted in certain localities at the close of last summer. The River Murray ia too low for navigation, and all the other rivers are much below their ordinary winter level. As usaal daring a winter drought frosts have beon severe, and of frequent occurrence. The ground being dry, the young wheats have not suffered from the low temperature ; but the oats on low lying land have done so, and the grasses have been prevented from growing. The early lambing was fairly successful, but the recent severely cold weather has reduced the per- centage in later districts. An increased area has been placed under grain in the newly selected districts of this colony, and the crops there are bo far as healthy as could be wished; in the event of rain falling in sufficient abundance to carry them on to harvest our bread supply will be safe, but wheat ia an exceptional plant ; it can thrive in seasons that are fatal to oats and barley, and when, also, grass is burnt up on the plains. Fat stock has for a con- siderable time past been in short supply, and prices have consequently risen in all the southern colonies, The retail price of meat has beon advanced, both in Sydney and Mel- bourne, id. per lb. As Bheop from certain dry districts have been travelling for feed during several months, one of the causes of the Bcarcity of fat stock may be easily sar. raised. Beef has been getting scarcer of late years, owing chiefly to the greater prout which sheep have given, but the high rates lately ruling for beef have induced graziers in Buitable country to again turn attention to cattle. In our last monthly summary allusion waa made to the preva- lence of liver-rot amongst the sheep of the Western district of Victoria, which comprises some of the finest and most heavily grassod pastures of this colony. The disease has con- tinued to prevail, but reports of deaths there- from have been lees frequent during the last fortnight, giving ground for hope that the worst has passed. THE WEATHER. The weather, though very changeable during the month, has generally boen fine, pleasant, and seasonable. About three weeks ago a few days were remarkably cold, and at Ballarat a heavy fall of snow took place during the night. The highest tem. perature in the Bbade C3 5deg. was recorded on the afternoon of June 5, tho lowest, 33.1deg., on the evening of the 29th. The highest reading of tho baromotcr. 30 103in., occurred on the morning of the 24tb, daring a calm, and the lowest, 29 318in" in the early morning of the 10th, with a strong wind from N.N.W. and heavy squalls ; and during the latter half of the week the barometer readingB showed great and rapid fluctuations, showing a greatly disturbed state of the atmosphere. Rain fell to the amount of 0'12in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 1103in., as compared with 17 39in. during the same period in 1875,14 86in. in 1874,14 86in. in 1873,15D8in. in 1872, 12 09in. in 1871, 14'81in. in 1870, Odin, in 1869, 852m. in 1808. li OOin. in 18G7, 915in. in 1860 ; 783in. in 1865, 12 87in. in 1864, 13 98in. in 1863, 1277in. in 1862, 13'30in. in 18G1, 1087in, in 1860, 1198tn. In 1859, 921 in 1858, or an average of 12 35m. _ THE LABOUR MARKET. The principal feature in the labour market in Victoria during the past month has been the strike of the weavers employed at the Ballarat Woollen Mill Company's works. About four months ago the proprietors of this mill, finding that the wages paid by them were in excess of those paid at the cloth mille in Geelong, gave three months' notice to thoir employés of a reduction to a rato of wage uniform with that paid in Geelong. Thereupon the weavers struck work, many of them not oom Sleting the webe they had in the looma. Tile ¡rectora of the oompauy refused to give way, and called for other workmen. At a meeting of the men on strike it was resolved not to return to work except at the old rate of wages, and further that they would not en- gage unless the men who had gone on at the reduced rate were discharged, and not allowed to work again in the milla. The secretary of the Ballarat Woollen Mills gives the follow- ing analysis of the payments made during the past Bix months at the mills : "Band Looms.-Earnings ot nino men (general averago per wook) ,, ..£111 8 Highest avorago por wook - _, ..224 Lowest average por wook ., ,. ., 1 * 4 *f Machino Looms - Earning1 o( 15 womon and girls (goneral avorago por wook) _, 1 1 0 Highest arengo por wook ., ,, ,.150 Lowest avorago por wook.0 l8 7 " Machino Looms.-Karainga of IB mon (Ktmoral avorago por wook) ,, ..149 Hlgbeet average por wook).1 7 10 Lowest avorago per week .0 10 0 " Rates of pay for machine looms are samo for both women and men, this class of work being generally performed by women. "In calculating the foregoing, no account has been taken of holidays, or of absence through illness and otbor causes not con- nected with the management otherwiso the above averages would have been consider- ably increased." The weavers state that their earnings under the old rates were from IBs. to 25& per week, and that the average was never above £1. Naturally, tbey say that they cannot bo ex- pected tto live upon less tuan this. The réduction contomplated by tho directora is very Blight Up to tho prcsont time no arrangement has been made, and the men aro still on striko. A controversy respecting the amount of wages earned by bootmakers in the factories round Melbourne has attracted considerable interest of late. In a contemporary it was Btated that a man, with the assistance of a boy, could earn from £7 to £11 per week, and that the average pay of a good, steady workman was £4 per week, while many active ladB still m the first year of tbelr apprenticeship eonld earn 17s. Cd. to 25s. per week in their overtime. These state mente caused a great deal of astonishment. and on inquiry it was coon ascertained that they were entirely without foundation. The highest possible wagoe that a man can make now is £3 to £3 5e. per week, and to do thia he must be an extraordinarily good min, must have the best of work given to him, and must not lose any time during the week in getting his materiat ; aud still more than that, must have a good lud in the second year of bis apprenticeship, to assist him. The average earnings of journeymen range from 35s. to £210a. per week, but it is only in good times, and when work is continuous, that the latter amount ia reached. It may truthfully be Baid that about £2 or £2 5s. per week is all that a skilled workman can obtain, and of this sum some employers are in tho habit of deduotlng 10 per cent, in slack times. The building trades ara fairly basy just now. and good workmen are kept fully employed. As usual at this time of the year, there ia not such a great demand for women servants, there being scarcely any country orders in yet. Workmen for farms and sta- tions find ready employment The shearing in Riverina will commence soon, when a rise in wages may be expected. The following are the rates of wages paid : Domestic Sorvants.-For Town-Houso maids, £30 to £36 per annum ; female cooks teceivo from £35 to £60 per annum ; malo do., 80s. to 80s. per week ; nursemaids, £25 to £35 porannum ; Iaundresses,£30to£40norannum. For Hotels-Cooks, male and feinulo, £30 to I £100per annum ; housemaids, £33 to £40 per do. For Stations-First-class married couples for home stations, £70 to £90 per annum ; second class do., with children, £40 to £50 per do.; cooks, £45 to £55 per do.; housemaids, £35 to £40 per do. For Farms-Men cooks, £50 per annum ; married couples, £60 to £70 per do.; women servants. £30 to £35 per do.; farming men, 20s. per week ; milkmen, 20s. per do.; ploughmen, about 20s. per do. Waiters for hotels, 25s. to 35a. per week ; grocers' assistants, i5s. to 30s. do.; general stoie do., 20s. to 40s. do.; nursery gover- nesses, £30 to £40 per annum ; finishing do., £00 to £80 do. Station Hands.-Stockmen receive from £60 to £75 per annum ; shepherds, 15s. to 20s. por week ; ordinary working mon, 15s. to 20s. per do.; drovers, 23s. to 40s. per do.; gardeners, 15s. to 25s. per do. The following wages for skilled labourers and tradesmen are without rations : Building Trades.-Stonemasons, 10s. per day ; plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, 10s. per do.: carpenters, 10s. per do.; labourers, 7s. per do.; pick-and- shovelmen, 6s. Gd. per do. The day's work is eight hours. Bootmakers.-For rivettingchildren's hoots the rate is Gd. per pair ; boys', 10d.; women's, Is. ; nnd men's. Is. 3d. The same rates aro paid for finishing. In some of the best order shops the rates paid are :-Wellingtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. 6d.; closing, 8s. Good hands for ladies' boots are scarce. Higher rates are paid in first and second class "bespoke shops." Bakers,-First-class workmen (foremen) average £3.ser week ; second hands, £2 to £2 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 85s. to 40s. per week ; boys, 15s. to 20s. per week ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week ; small-goods men (pork butchers) re- ceive 30s. to 40s. per week, with rations ; superior men receive more. BrnEsfinishers and Coppersmiths.-In the engine fitting shops there is a fair supply of workmen : the wages are from 9s. to 12a. per day. The same rates are paid in the fine braes finishing shops, but good tradesmen are much wanted. Cabinetmakers.-The earnings of the men employed in this trade are very variable. In some of the beBt shops in Melbourne the wanes paid aro as high as £310a. per week, while in inferior establishments the men receive from £210s. to £3 per week. In the country the wages paid are still lesB. East end bands are wanted. Clothing Factories.-Whore the work ia done on the premises, the wages earned aro as follow:-Tailoresses, from £1 to £1 15s. per week ; pressera, £2 to £2 15s. and upwards. From 12s. to £1 is earned at shirtmakinein factory hours, hut the greater portion is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s, to 30s. per week in factory hours. Coopers.-MoBt of the work in this trade ia done by the piece ; the wages fixed hy the trade are 10s. por day of 10 hours. Tallow casks aro made at 5s. to 5s. Gd. for thirds and 4s. Sd. for fourtha Thirds are now most made, there being but littlo demand for fourths. Coachbuilders. -Smiths receive from £2 10s, to £3 5s. and £4 per week. A few hands earn as high as £4 per week. Bodymakers - Most or this work ia done by tho pieco. The average earnings of good hands are from £2 10s. to aa high as £4 per week. Wheelers-Most of this work is done by the niece ; the wages made are from £2 10s. to £3 10s. per week. Painters receive from 9a. to 12s. per day. Trimmers get from £210s. to £310s. per week. Vyee men earn from £110s. to £2 per week. The rate of labour in this trade is 10 hours per day. Drapers.-In all tho best establishments well-qualified drapers' assistants earn from £2 10s. to £4 per week. Carpet salesmen obtain about the same rates. Upholsterers, £210s. to £3 and £4 per week. Mantle makers, 15a. to 20s. per week. Milliners from 35s. to £310a. per week. Needlewomen and dressmakers from 15a to 20s. per week. Farriers.-First-class firemen get £2 15s. per week ; door-men receive from £1 10s. to £2 per week. Farrieis for tho country receive from 20s. to 30s. per week, with their board and lodging. Grooms in livery stables get from 30a. to 40s. per week ; coachmen receive from 35s. to EOs. per do. Gardeners.-The men in this trade are not at all well paid. In situations near town the rates are from 30a. to 40a. per week without rations. The rates with rations ore 16s. to 20s. Vory good men get 25s. per week. Hatters. - Bodymakors receive 18s. to 20s. per dozen ; finishers, 22s. to 24s. per dozen ; shapors, 4s. to Gs. per dozen, and 12s. per dozen for broad curls; crown Bewers, 4s. per dozen ; trimmers, 6s. to 8s. per dozen. Iron Trades.-Fitters receive from 9s. to 12s. per day; turners from 10s. to 13s. per do. ; boilermakers and platers from 12s. to 13s. per do. ; riveters from 9s to 11s. per do.; blacksmiths from 10s. to 13s. per do.: hammermen from 7s. to 8s. pBr do., and moulders from 10s. to 12s. and 13s. per do. Jewellers.-In the manufacturing jewellers' establishments the workmen receive from £215s. to £3 Í5s. For the finer work tho wages range higher. Good tradesmen can get full employment. Seal engravers and enamellers are much wanted, and hish wages can be earned by good workmen. Miners.-The average rates for miners ia £2 per week for surface miners, and £2 5s. for underground work ; in some deep wet mines £2 10s. is paid. In some outlying districts higher rates are obtained, but only by a few men. An attempt is being made in some of the mining districts to lower the rates. Navvies.-The rate paid the men em- ployed on the Government railways is Ga. Gd. per day. Painters and Glaziers.-Fair tradesmen re- ceive 9s. per day. This trade is fully sup- plied. Plumbers and gasfitters receive £3 per week of eight hours per day. Printers, &c-The; rate paid in this trade is Is. per 1,000. In manufacturing stationers' establishments lithographers are paid £210s. to £3 15s. per week ; binders, £2 to £3 per week ; paper rulers, £3 to £3 iOs, per week. The demand for labour in these trades is limited, and is at present fully supplied; good head men get highor ratea in the binders and lithographing departments. Stevedores' Mon, &c.-Lumpers;' wages are 12s. per day at present. There is a good deal of business doing. Engineers in tug- boats and donkey-engine drivers receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.-Tho rate paid in this trade is 13s. per day of eight hourn. Work is irregular. Sailors reçoive £5 per month in sailing vessels, and £6 per month in Bteamships. Saddlers.-Really good tradesmen are scarce, but second-class workmen aro plon fiful enough. The earnings are about £2 15s. per week. The commoner sorts of work aro not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s. to 35s. per week. The work in this trade is nino hours per day. Tanners and Curriers.- Beamamen receive 40s. to 50s. per week ; shedsmon, 42s. to 45a. per do.; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day, Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per weok. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rato paid is la. per hour. In second-class Bhops the earnings aro from £210s. to £3 per weelc. In factoneB the rates vary, tho men boing often paid by tho pieco. Where wages aro paid, the rate is 40s. per week in factory hours. TinsmitbB earn from £2 to £3 per week ; ironworkers, £2 10s. to £3 per do.; galva nisert,, £3 per do. MoBt of the work in this trade is done by the piece. Watchmakers.-Tho gonoral rate of wages in this trado is £2 10b. to £4 per week, though some of the superior workmen get as high as £5. _ RAILWAY RETURNS. The returns of the traffic on the Victorian Railways for the eight days ending Juno 30 compare very favourably in every branch of traffic with the six days ending June 30 of tho preceding year. The returns of the passenger traffic amount to £7,753 5s. 5d., as againBt £4,77017s. 3d. last year, with two dayB' retumB loss. The goods trafile gives a return of £12,700 12a. 2d. for the eight days, as against £6,481 14a. 3d. for six days last year. The total returns for the eight days amount to £30,453 17s. 7d., as against £11,261 11s. 6d. The aggregate returns for the 12 months ending Juno 30 amount to £094,081 48. 5d., as against £920,007 11s. 8d., the return for the corresponding period last year, showing on increase in favour of the present year of £74,073 12a. 9J. The weekly average for 52 weeks ia £19,116 18a. lid., as against £17,692 Us. Id., the average for the preceding year, showing a weokly incroase of £1,424 9s. lOd. in favour of the present year. The returriB of traffic on the Hobson's Bay Railway bUow a satisfactory increase as com- pared with last year. The amount received for the carriage of passengers for the 29 days ending 30th June was £7,063 Gs. 2d., oa against £6,05217s. lid. for the 27 days ending 30th June, 1875, The amount received for merchandise for the 29 days was £4,09414s., as against £3,350 9s. 2d. received for the 27 days ending Jane 30,1875. The total returns for the 29 days amount to £11,158, as against £9 10317s. Id. for the 27 days in Juno, 1875. The aggregate returns from let January to 1st June amount to £89,9812fl. 4tt, aa against £84 70118s 5d for a corresponding period of 1876\. The weekly average for 1876 is £3,160 16s 3d , as against £3 27515s. 4d. in 1875. RACING Tbo weights for the Melbourne Cap were posted on the 14th June, but up to the pre. sent time very little speculation has taken place on that event The Winter Steeple- chase Meeting of the Geelong Racing Club was held on the let ¡net There was a very large attendance and the racing was better than has been Been on the Barwon coarso for many years. A largo number of visitors went down from Melbourne by special train, but owing to the late hour at which the tram started from Spencer-Btreet very few Baw the first race The Hurdle Race waa won by Lar- rikin, after a close finish with Welshman. Planet was third Seventeen horses started Duffer and Morisco ran a dead heat for the Hunters Gold Cup The former palled up so lame that his owner withdrew him and Morisco was declared the winner Eleven homes started for the Handicap I lat Race which was won in good Btyle by Electricity, by tbe Barb Gas waa second, and Blazes third The Geelong Steeplechase brought out 13 Btarters Sailor won comfortably, Partner was second, and Sheet Anchor third Unfortunately Mac fell, and Mathewson, who was riding him, bad his thigh dislocated. The day's racing concluded with the Selling Steeplechase, which was won by Nonsense, beating two others COURSING. The sport of coursing has boen kept up in a most spirited manner, and coursing cluba have been established in many parts of Vic- toria where, three years ago, there was not a hare to be found for a hundred miles round The new club at Melton held its opening meeting on the 16th June with a 16 dog stake, which was won by Nutloss, by Nadad -Romp The country is extremely well titled for coursing, and the hares are very Btout on the plains The Hamilton Club held a meeting on the 14th ult, whon a 30 dog Btake was run The winner waa Mr W H. Rocke's Right Bower by Springbok-Verne At Mortlake on the 15th June a 22 dog stake was run off Mr A K 1 inlay s 1 iona being the winner The 'opening meeting of the Maryborough and Carisbrook Club waa held on the 22ud Jane with a 22 dog stake Mr D D SimBon s Carrie and Mr Shegog a Ben Rowe divided _be accident received by Mr Frank Gardiner at tbe Stormont Plate Meet- ing of the Victoria Coursing Club last month ptoved much more serious than was at first anticipated Mr Gardiner suffered from a very severe attack of erysipelas in the right arm, and was for some time confined to his bed Owing to this illness he was unable to judge at Borne up country meet- ings for which he had been engaged As he was unable to ride, Mr Johnson was ap pointed judge for the V C C West Bourke Plate Meeting, which was held on the 22ad June and succeeding days The West Bourke Plate, for 32 doga waa won by Mr M Greene's imported laith, by Blondín Saddle, Riot by Cumloden - Vanish, waa the runner up The Rupert Stakes, for 10 puppies was won by Mr W Wat- son s One of the Twelve, hy Claverhouse -Nellie. Mr T Brannigans Elsie, full sister to the winner, was the runner up. The Sunbury Stakes for IG dogs was won by Mr Goorge Watson's Gander by Invermven -Gosling Mr J Whittingham's imported Truthful James by Barmby- Riot was the runner up The Grant and Polwarth Club ran a 16 dog stake on the 29th June The winner was Mr S Austin a Brightlight by Rattler-Kitty Stanmore by Cavalier-Iron Mantlet was the runner up The West Bourke Club ron two eight dog stakes on the 23rd and 24th June The Collingwood and Fitzroy Club run a 16 dog stake on the 1st inst, for which Caddie's Only Daughter and Piccadilly divided The Amateur Club bad a day's coursing on the 1st inst, when two 8 dog stakes were run. Mr S Ren wick's Blackbird and Mr T Hentys Hya cinth divided the first. Mr. C Brown's Hawkeye and Mr. M. W. Langdon's Punch divided the second THE CHAMPION BILLIARD PLAYER The visit of Mr Roberts, jan., to Victoria has brought the game of billiards greatly into notice. Mr. Roberts bos been of late on a tour through the leading provincial towns, and everywhere he has been very well re* ceived. At Sandhurst he played Mr Wakley, a well known amateur, to whom he gave 450 pointe out of 1,000 and beat him by 164. At Stawell he played Mr Prout, and achieved a very easy victory At Ballarat Mr Roberta played Albert Swift, a well known hilliard player, giving bim 500 points out of 1000 and beat bim by 200 lrom Ballarat he went to Geelong, and thence to Maryborough. At each place he playod matches disposing of his adversaries with the greatest ease Mr Roberts then visited the Western Dis tuet, and gave exhibitions of his skill in Warrnambool and Belfast. To day Mr Roberts will sail for Tasmania, where he will give a Berics of exhibitions, and will return to Melbourne to play Bix matches at the Atheni;um hall Collins Btreet, commencing on Monday, 24th inst. After paying a short visit to Hamilton, he will early in August, proceed to Ssdney overland, giving exhi- bitions in all the principal towns on the woy. _ OUTDOOR AMUSEMENTS, Football still continues to take the lead in the outdoor amusement« of the season, and on every Saturday afternoon an enormous number of matches are played in and around Melbourne while all tho prin cipal country towns have also several football clubs The most important match yet Elaved at Melbourne this season has been etween the Molbourne and Carlton Clubs, in which the latter, which has for some time past occupied a premier position, again suc- ceeded in asserting its superiority Handball is also extensively played, and an intercolonial match between the lead- ing players of Victoria and New South Wales is about to come off shortly. A new game La Crosse, hos beon intro duced and is likely to become popular. With regard to cricket, it is now beyond doubt that an English team of professional cricketers, with Lillywhite as captain, will viBit Australia next season. On the water, although no rowing matches of spécial interest have taken place daring the month, the amusement of boating is very extensively patronised especially on every Saturday afternoon, when the Yarra is dotted with rowers out for the afternoon. THE THEATRES. At the Theatre Royal the engagement of Mr. Henry Talbot, tragedian has been brought to a conclusion. He played in "Hamlet," "Macbeth, ' 'Othello, and other ShakBpenan dramas but appeared to greater advantage as Sir Pertinaz Macaycophant in the "Mon of the World, ' and as Bailie Nicol Jarvie ia ' Rob Roy " He proved himself an industrious and painstaking actor, but he did not succeed in obtaining any measure of success. After the retirement of Mr Talbot Mr and Mrs. Maeder, two recent arrivals from the United States, made their appear- ance, and played in two sensational pieces, "Cush"and ' Run to Earth ' both plays of little ment The entertainment was not of a character calculated to obtain the apprecia- tion of the audiences. Miss Eleanor Carey, a young Australian actress of talent who during the last few years has made a great advance in her pro foBBion, has left for California. On June 16 she received a farewell benefit at the Theatre Royal, and waa presented by a number of her admirers with a handsome diamond bracelet Sbo received a presentation of jewellery in Sydney, also, where she gave a few farewell performances. MUSIC, Since our last summary of news on the 12th Juno we bave had another month of opera bouffe at the Melbourne Opera house There bad been a pretty constant succession of Girofles, Grand Duchesses, and Daughters of Madame AngOt until the 14th June, when "La Belle Helene,"I by Offenbach, was pro duced for the first time The principal part was sustained by Miss Emilio Melville, a genial young actress and singer, who has become bo firmly fixed in the good graces of the Melbourne audience that her departure for America-an event which is now near at hand-will be felt as a great loss to the Melbourne stage Mr G Leopold has been a very successful representative of the part of Calchas. Mr. Lyster, the manager of the Opera house, has placed "La Belle Helene" upon the stage, with tho assistance of Mr Habbe, tho scenic artist, with such nice attention to accuracy as to deserve special praise. "La Belle Hélène" occupied the stage until the 8th July. On the 10th, "Les Près St Gervais" was produced. In addition to the highly successful performance abovemen boneo, "Trial by Jury," as an afterpiece, has been given -ince tbe 26th June, with excellent effoot In this Miss Clara Thompson has played the part of Angelina Two auch good performances in one night speak well for the present strength and efficiency of our opera bouffe company. In a short time, however, the company will be in effect disbanded, on account of the retire- ment of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bracy, Mr. and Mrs. Bell, nnd Miss Emilie Melville, whohave engagements to meet in San Francisco On the 13th June Mendelssohn's "St Paul" was performed by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society at the Town-hall; the principal singers were-Miss Pitts, Mrs. Ramsden, Mr. ArmesBeauraont,andMr.S Lambie. As far as theselastnamed were concerned tberesult was satisfactory, bat for the rest the Melbourne Philharmonic Society bad on this occasion nothing to boast of. Previous to the ora- torio, there was played an orchestral com position by Mr J Summer», the conductor to the society-a " Funeral March," in memory of the late Mr. C E. Horsley a former conductor of the society. This is a good composition, and was well received. The South Melbourne Tonic Sol Ta Association gave an agreeable social entertainment at the Melbourne Athenajum on the 22nd June. A concert of a very good stamp was given by Messrs Nichol son and Ascherberg to inaugurate the open- ing of tbeir new premises m Collina street east on Saturday afternoon, June 17th. Messrs Nicholson and Ascherberg have now the most extensive premises devoted to the Eale of mtiBic in this part of the world, but there are rival dealers now building on an equally large scale. The performers at this concert were Mr. T. H. Guenett, Mr. Ascher- berg, Mia Learmonth Mian Lundborg (piano), Miss Plock (violoncello), Mr. Henry Curtis (violin), and Mrs Cutter, Mrs Smyth, Signor Ceccbi, and Mr Farley (vocalists) It was a good entertainment, and thero were about 500 people present by invitation. On the 19th june the Metropolitan Liedertafel, at the Athertuim, gave a aocial evening for gentle- men only, there was a large attendance Tbo performance of a grand double chorus, from Mendelssohn's "CJdipus," was very creditable to the society This was the last occasion on which Mr Farley, the basso singer, appeared in Melbourne , that gentle- man left the next day for San Francisco. A concert wos given at the Athenäum on the 27th June, at which a young lady, Miss Brophy, displayed a very agreeable mezzo soprano voice, and an intelligent style of using it The new choir of St Peter's Church waa opened on the 29>h Juno, and full musical service was performed in admirable style by St Peter's choir, Mr Summers being organist The Fitzroy Philharmonic Society performed Rombert 's "Lay of the Bell" on the 29th ult , the orchestral work waa the best rendered. The Church of England Gram mar School gave its first concert on the 30th June. The Melbourne German Liedertafel gave a hen en-abend on 3rd July, it waB with one exception a capital entertainment-the performance of Romberg's " Toy Symphony" was a failure. It is intended to give concerts " free to all seamen in port ' at the Melbourne Sailors' Home ; the first of these took place with good result at the Home on the 5th Jnly. _ DEATHS IN THE CHARITABLE INSTI TUTIONS. The following are lists of the deaths (exclu. sive of those of persons born in the colony that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals, and the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, since our last summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the veesels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : - MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. Allen, Ellen, aged 40, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1869, in the Coldstream; died June 13, of phthisis. Conroy, Catherine, aged 40, native of Lon don , arrived in 1853, ship unknown ; died July 1, from burns. Clark, Joseph, aged 47, native of Lincolnshire ; arrived 1856, in the Royal Charlie, died July 3, of phthisis. Emperor, Ellen, aged 40, native of London ; arrived 1853, ship unknown ; died June 29, of rupture of liver, caused by being run over by a dray. Fitzgerald, Thomas, aged 47, native of Lon don , arrived in 1876, by the Ardencraig ; died June 14, of dysentery. Flannery, Bridget, aged 26 native of Ireland; arrived in 1868, by the White Star ; died June 24, of phthisis. Flanning, John, aged 19, native of London ; date of arrival and ship unknown ; died Jnly 4, of typhoid fever. Hayward, George, aged 67, native of Surrey ; arrived in 1868, by the James Sibbald, died July 1, of phthisis. Hamlet, Alice Ann, aged 47, native of Wales, date of arrival and ship unknown ; died July 4, of hernia and peritonitis. Keohan, James, aged 51, native of Cork ; date of arrival and ship unknown ; died July 3, of poisoning with sulphuric acid. Kenny, Mary Ann, aged 47, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1863 by the E A. Bright ; died July 3. Landwehr, William, aged 47, native of Germany ; arrived m 1855, by the Harkmear, died Jnne 10, of hydatids (abdominal) and chromo diarrhoea. Lewis, Henry, aged I6, native of London, arrived in 1871, by the Lammermoor, died June 10, of syphilis. Lack, John, aged 68, native of Devonshire ; arrived in 1850, by the Mary Ann Moore , died June 17, of disease of the liver. Messetich, Dimitrio aged 43, native of Austria, arrived in 1862, ship unknown ; died June 15. Miles, Robert, aged 39 years, native of Birmingham ; arrived in 1872, in the Yorkshire ; died June 29, of chronic alcohol ism and epilepsy. Nolan, Ann, aged 38, native of Ire- land ; date of arrival and ship unknown, died July 4, of meningitis. Nelson, Henry, aged 26 years, native of London , arrived in 1875, in the Ann Duffy, died July 4, of typhoid fever. Ryan, Thomas, aged 32, native of Ire land , arrived in 1866, in the Royal Dane, died June 29, of spinal meningitis. Scott, Elizabeth, aged 34, native of Ire land , arrived in 1846, in the Admiral Lyons ; died June 23 of phthisis. Willis William, aged 45, native of York shire ; arrived m 1856, in the Closmer don ; died June 11, of consumption. White, William, aged 39 years, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1859, in the Ocodin ; died June 14, of morbus cordis. Waite, Ernest, aged 20 years, native of London ; arrived 1865, in the Avalanche ; died July 3, of caries of spine, psoas abscess. Windram, James, aged 43 years, native of Scotland, arrived in 1853, in the Duke of Northumberland ; died July 4, of phthisis. Wylie, George, aged 49, native of Scotland, arrived 1853, ship un known , died July 5, of fracture of skulL Ziegler, Charles, aged 58, native of Poland ; arrived 1860, ship unknown , died June 24, of chronic alcholism, diarrhoea, ALFRED HOSPITAL. Caley, Sarah, aged 67, native of Suffolk, England , arrived 1852, in the Ann Miller ; died June 20, of phthisis. Fraser, Hugh, aged 51, native of Scotland ; arrived 1852, in the Gramphere ; died June 10, of phtbisis, Hodgson, James, aged 30 years, native of England , arrived 1871, in the Great Britain ; died on 17th June, of phthisis. Macgregor, Margaret, aged 44 years, native of Glasgow, arrived 1860 in the Antipodes , died 4th June, of erysipelas in the head. Mowbray, Joseph, aged 36, native of Scot- land , date of arrival and ship unknown, died 4th July, of phthisis. Rintel, Ellen, aged 47, native of Liver pool , arrived 1851, in the Helena, died 4th July, of morbus cordis. Senior, Thomas, aged 52, native of Eng land ; arnved 1853, in the Appropriate ; died 20th June, of phthisis. Wener, Charles, aged 47, native of France, arrived 1853, in the Lion , died 24th June, of asthma. BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. Agnew, George Fredenck, aged 47 years, native of Manchester, died of phthisis pul monalis. Baxter, John, aged 74 years, native of Glasgow ; died of old age and gradual decay. Fisher, Thomas, aged 71 years, native o London ; died of old age and decay. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. Mr, Fitzpatrick in the Assembly has given notice for Wednesday of the following want of confidence motion :-" That the present administration of public affairs is not satis factory to this House." It is expected that the Government will bave a good majority. The border duties agreement with South Australia has been renewed for three months The value of the exports of wool, live stock i.e., from New South Wales across the southern border for 1875 was £4,120,000. Tbo revenue returnB for the quarter ending June 30 Bhow an increase of nearly £210,000 on the corresponding quarter of last year, tbo principal itemB of increase being on ale and beer, tobacco, cigars, postal and tele grnpbB, and railways. It is reported that the Fenian agent who managed the escape of prisoners from West Australia left Sydney a few days ago for Cali- fornia. It is stated that the Catalpa was specially chartered and armed to effect the escape of the prisoners. In consequence of the delay of the As Bcmbly in voting £1000 for the riflemen, Mr. H. C Dangar has placed £800 in the hand« of the Rifle Association for the purpose. The team left for Philadelphia by the San Fran- cisco mail steamer on June 30. It is reported that an expedition has left Sydney for the scene of the wreck of the General Grant at the Auckland Islands, to endeavour to recover the gold lost when the vessel went down. It is believed that the expense is borne by a member of Parliament who accompanied the expedition. The Australian Agricultural Coal. Com- pany's miners have resolved to send a circular to England, showing the crowded state of the labour market, and the low rate of miners' earnings. Other collieries aro expected to do likewise. FreBh discoveries of rich copper ore are continually reported from the Carcoar dis- trict. The Geraldine mine, a mile from the Coombing mine, is turning out rich ore. It is proposed to establish a Naval Home for seamen of the squadron whilo ashore, and over £100 has been already sub- scribed. . ". The Auatralian Mutual Fire Insurance Company have declared o bonus of 20 per cent per annum. SOUTH "AUSTRALIA. Parliament met again after the adjourn- ment, when Ministerial statement« were made in both Houses. In the Assembly Mr. Colton said that tbe Government would not ratify the agreement with Bishop Bugnion, but would correspond with the bishop, with the view of introducing about 1,200 Men nonitea into the Northern Territory. The Ministry proposed to construot the following railways :-From Port Augusta to Govern- ment Gums, from Kapunda to the North weet Bend, from Gladstone to Jamestown, from Kadina to Barunga Gap, from Hamley bridge to Balaclava, from Rivoli Bay to Mount Gambier, and from Barra to Hallett in all seven lines of about 400 miles, and to coat about £2,000,000. They proposed to build jetties at Rivoli Buy, Lacepede Biy, Stans burg, and at PortB Turton and Victoria. They did not intend at present to carry out the outer harbour scheme, but they propoaed to deepen Port Adelaide bo as to make it accora medate larger Bhipe. They proposed to borrow £100,000 for immigration. Owing to the buoyancy of the revenue it was no intended to propose stamp duties, but they would introduce succession and probate duties, and also amend the tariff in the direction of free trade, but without increasing the aggregate burdens through the Customs. Mr. Boucaut condemned the policy as unsafe, because there was no simultaneous provision for taxation to pay interest on the proposed loan. The second reading of the Port Augusta Railway Bill has been carried, and the measure passed through committee. The gauge is 3ft Oin., the length of the line 214 miles, and the total cost £1,008,242, and £24,694 more for a branch line and a wharf at Port Augusta. The Kapunda and North-west Bend Rail- way Bill has been read a third time. The length of the proposed line is 55 miles, and the cost £5,708 per mile. The second reading has been carried of the Gladstone to Jamieson Railway Bill, which line is to cost £95,000. A tender for constructing 24_- miles of rail- way, from Green's Plains to Port Wakefield, has been accepted at £54,130. Mr. E. W, Price, formerly stipendiary magistrate at Port Darwin, has been ap- pointed Government Resident in the Northern Territory, vice Mr, Scott, who returns to Adelaide. The Sanitation Commission has reported in favour of drainage into the Gulf. The revenue for the qnarter ending June 30 reached to £383,283, making the receipts for the year £1,316,800. The rainfall for the first six months of this year wea 5 3-10in., being the lowest average since 1818. The bank rates for deposits have been re- duced for fixed deposits at three months to 3 perjcet.t, and for 12 months to 4_ per cent The fossil remains of a whale have been discovered at Blanchetown, River Murray. Respecting Mr. Wiltshire's discoveries in the Northern Territory, the following tele- gram, dated Port Darwin, June 12, has boen received :-" The exploring party to the Vic- toria River returned on Saturday. They went up that river 70 miles, and believe there is good mineral country. Tbey also went up tho Daly 80 miles, discovering magnificent prospecting country, with large apparently rich quartz reefB. The natives were nume- rous and powerfully- built, and they tried to cut the party off. Splendid alluvial country waa found up the Daly-loam deposits 20ft deep. Tbey crossed splendidly-grassed plains, and there was plenty of game." QUEENSLAND. All the members of the Ministry have been re-elected unopposed. Mr. Macalister, the late Premier, has resigned his seat in the Legis- lative Assembly for Ipswicb, and has been ap- pointed Agent-General and extra commis- sioner to Philadelphia. He left by the last San Francisco mail. Mr. George Thorn, the PoBlmaster-General, resigned his seat in the Legislative Council, and was elected in Mr. Mncalister's place, Mr. Hemmant has re- signed hie Beat for Bolinda. During the passage of the Windsor Castle, from London to Brisbane, the starboard watch showed signs of mutinous conduct by forcibly rescuing a sailor from irons. Captain Baveison obtained the assistance of 50 im- migrants, and arming some of them, headed by tbe mates, demanded possession of the prisoner, which was granted. During the mêlée two of the mates and the carpenter were wounded. Dr. Schoffenburg, Messrs. Place and John- son, and a boatman, left Bowen on June 28 in a boat for Gregory River. Some days afterwards the doctor's, and another swag, and three oars, were found floating in the sea. It is supposed that the boat capsized, and that all ou board are drowned. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Tbe Legislative Council was to meet on July 3. Kenneth Brown, who had been twlco tried previously without the juries having been able to agree, boa been convicted and executed for the murder of his wife in Janu- ary last At a petty sessions in Fremantle it appeared to the Bitting magistrates that priestly influ- ence had been brought to bear on one of tbo witnesses, and certain expressions wero made use of from the Bench which greatly offended the Roman Catholic community. Public meetings were held and the matter brought under the notice of the Governor, who demanded an explanation from the ma- gistrates in question. They detailed the cir- cumstances of the case, regretted having made use of the expressions, and also that what tbey said waa so worded as to be open to interpretation offensive to the Roman Catbolio community. Hie Excellency, whilst censuring tbe magistrates for their " im- proper and incautious" remarks, considered that they had rendered a suitable apology, but the Roman Catholics, hoaded by their bishop, continue the agitation, and the Go vernor is about to submit the whole matter to the Secretary of State. TASMANIA. Parliament ia to meet on August 1. The report of the engineers sent for by the Government from the other colonies, on the main line of railway, has boen pub- lished.. It is to the effect that the goneral conditions of the contract, as far as the con- struction and maintenance of the line are concerned, bad not been complied with, and that tbe speed Btated in the time-tables at which the express trains were to run, viz, 23 miles an hour, is, in the present condition of the permanent way, dangerous. Basing then decision upon thia report, the Government have declined to make any further payment to the railway company until they have ful- filled their contract engagements. Captain Gilmore, tho Colonial Secretary, in oppesing tbo Hon. James Aikenhead for the Tamar district, boa sustained a defeat by 49 votes. Mr. George Wilson, member for Oat lands, has resigned his seat in tho Assembly. It is reported that Captain Gilmore will con- test the vacancy, Mr. J. A. Jackson, having accepted an appointment in the Landa Titles Office, baa resigned his seat in the Assembly for Queenborough. The works of the British arid Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company, at Port Lempriere the property of o Victorian proprietary, were opened on June 17, by Governor Weld. The ore is quarried from the side of a hill called Mount Vulcan, that presents tbo appearanco of a solid moss of ore, which has been proved by assay to yield 60 per cent, of metallic iron. Extensive floods have occurred in the Huon district, causing great damage and loss of stock. NEW ZEALAND. Parliament waa opened by commission on Thursday, June 15, and on Friday Hia Excel- lency the Marquis of Normanby delivered tbe customary Bpeecb. Thore was a very large attendance of members upon the occasion, comparatively few being absent from their places. Seizing the first favourable moment Sir George Grey moved that the standing orders of the House be suspended, in order to enable bim to table a motion, the objeot of which waa to prevent the Government from < ompleting the Fiako Swamp sale until Par- liament had an opportunity of dlsoussing tbe matter over again. It should be stated that this same transaction received .a great deal of attention last session, and engaged the labours of a select committee of inquiry for several weeks. The report brought up by that committee acquitted the Government of all blame in the matter. The Government resisted the attempt to suspend the standing orders, but the rennest seemed to the new members (of whom there are a great many this session) to be so reasonable that they voted with Sir George, and defeated the Government by 37 to 28. When tho motion itself came forward, an assurance was given by the Government that the matter would bo in precieely the same position, and as open for discuBBion a fortnight after as it was then. The announcement was followed by a general request from both BideB of tho House that the motion should be withdrawn. Sir George Grey asked for leavo to withdraw his motion. AGovernmentsnpportor, howover, objecting, a division was called for. As this gave the matter a serious aepoct, many of those Go- vernment supporters who voted with Sir George Grey in the first instance left the Houbo and, although thero was a largo ma- jority on the previous occasion, on this the voting was 29 and 29. The Speaker gave his casting voto with the Government, and the motion waa consequently negatived, though the result was virtually a defeat for tho Go- vernment. A great many expected that the Ministry would announce that they intended to reBign, but when the House resumed at half-puBt 7 there waa not a word from the Premier about resigning. A meeting of the Government supporters was held after- wards, and the MiniBtry was urgently re- quested not to resign. The debate on the question of tho Piako land sale was after- wards reopened. Sir Julius Vogel moved a motion that the House would not interfere to prevent the iesue of Crown grants for the swamp, which was carried by 51 to 19, Sir julius Vogol made hin Budget speech on TueBday, Jilly 4. The surplus from laat year was £72,000, and the estimated rovenue for the present year £3,054,000. £2,200,000 of which belongs to the consolidated revenue. The estimated surplus at the end of the pre* Bent year ia £30,000. Authority would be asked to borrow £1,250,000 for the purposes of railway construction, and £750,000 to settle the piovincial liabilities. It is proposed to take over and work and to increase the price of Crown lands about 25 per cent. . It is Btated tbat Sir Julius Vogel's late trip to England coat the colony £6,000. Complaints are made of the scarcity of able-bodied men in Otago. In one district farmers and squatters avail themselves of the services of Chinamen. Although numerous applications have been made for two suitable Maories to send to the Philadelphia Exhibition, no eligible candi- dates have been fonnd. Maori costume and ornamentation were requisite. A New York member guaranteed all expenses there and backt and reasonable allowance daring their stay in America. In conséquence of her great success at Christchurch, Madlle. Ilma de Marska com- menced a second Beries of coacerta. Tbe Dunedin and Christchurch cricketers consider it impossible to comply with the terms of the English eleven, FIJI. His Excellency the Governor has returned from bis visit to the out-lying districts. The F\ji Times states that while at the police, camp at Nasaucoko, he had an interview with Kolikoli, the chief of Beimana, whose support, and that of his tribe, seems well assured to the Government After returning toNadi, His Excellency proceeded by land to Cuvu, Nadroga, passing through Kalama and Tanwau. The fort at Nasaucoko is described as a strong position, surrounded by an earth- work 7ft. high plentifully loopholed, and surmounted by a bamboo fence. Out- side tbia wall ia a deep ditch. Beyond the ditch is another bamboo fence, and at a distance of some GO yards a third. The climate and country are described in roost favourable tormB. The Nadroga force is drawn np in considerable strength on the Sigatoke, opposite to Bnkusia and Lookia, both of which towns are filled with hostile Kai colo. The Kai colo are said to be badly off for food, quarrelling among themselves, and many of tbem anxious to surrender. It is supposed that in a very short time all will be in readiness for the combined movement in a southerly direction of forces marched from Bo, the source of the Sigatoke river, the head waters of the Wai ni Mala, and else- where, by which the suppression of this rising is to be effected." Fiji advices to June 2 state that native troops have been concentrated at Viti Levn to quell disturbances among the moun- taineers in the interior. The Colonial Secretary Ima resigned, and Mr. Thurstan will probably succeed him. The £40,000 loan from Great Britain last year is exhausted, but hopes »re entertained of getting another loan of £60,000 this year. Commercial prospects are improving, and the sugar crops are looking nell. The claim of the Polynesian Company to the privileges accorded to them by Cakoban, n consideration of their having found the £9,000 demanded from him by the American Government before the proclamation of con- stitutional rule, has been occupying the atten. tionofHisExcellency. OnthiBBubjectourcor- respondent writes:-"TbeGovernorconsiders the authority ander which theBO privileges were granted ' effaced,' and will not therefore recognise the claim to land. But the sum alluded to is to be returned to thoBe who ad- vanced it when it shall be settled who they really are. Hence arises the pro- mise of a very pretty imbroglio. The Poly- nesian Company were the ostensible cre- ditors : bat it is alleged, and we have reason to believe with considerable truth, that the money was furnished to the company, in view of certain advantages, by a notable body of gentlemen in Melbourne known aB the ' forty thieves,' abbreviated generally into the 'forties.' This last-named association have absolutely ezpended. upwards of £1,500 in getting the lande, for which Crown griiut? were issued to tbem under the late Fijian Government, surveyed; and they naturally want the money. The company, on the other band, seem rather inclined to maintain their claim, and so the matter stands at present. It ia stated that His Excellency bos ex- pressed a wish that the affair shall be ad- justed without recourse to legal proceedings; and it is to be hoped, for tho sake of all con- cerned, that an amicable settlement may bo arrived at," _ NOTES FROM THE SEA. STBANDINQ OP AN IMMIOIUNT SHIP. Intelligence was received by telegram from Adelaide on Friday of the stranding of the immigrant ship Lightning about three miles W.S.W. of Trowbridge Lighthouse, in the Gulf of St. Vincent. The vessel was chartered by the agent- general for South Australia to convey immigrants fromEngland to Adelaide. The Lightning sailed from Plymouth on April 8, with 406 immigrants on board, com- posed of Bingle and married agricultural and other labourera and mechanics, with 60 Bingle young female domestic servants. It appears tbat the ship went ashore in broad daylight at 1 o'clock on Thursdoy afternoon, and that the occurrence waa caused by the imbecility of the captain, who is reported to have been drinking to excess all the voyage. After sighting Cape Borda the mate shaped a course to clear Trowbridge Island, but the captain countermanded his instructions. The mate again shifted the connie, but the captain gave contrary orders, saying the vessel should go between the lighthouse and the Bhore ; consequently Bbe was driven into her preeent position. Quite a panic occurred on board. When information of the wreck wob received in Adelaide four steam-tugs were sent to take off the passengers, and most of them have been brought on to Adelaide. The Trowbridge shoals, on which the light houee is erected, consist chiefly of hard sand, with rocks in the centre, and aro about four miles from tho land. They are dry at low water. There is a dangerous detached reef lying about half a mile from the rocks on tho south side of the west shoal. Great cau- tion is required in approaching theso shoals, as the tide runs very strongly over them. The latest accounts received showed that the ship waB still safe, though she bad wator in her front compartment, WBECK OF THE GELTWOOD. Intelligence has been received of the wreck of tbe barque Geltwood, Captain Harrington, bound from Liverpool to Melbourne. The Geltwood was a new iron vessel, 1,056 tons register, and was on her first voyage. She was built at Harrington, in Cumberland, and was classed Al at Lloyd's in 1876. She waa owned by Mr. John Sprott, of Harrington, and waa commanded hy Captain Harrington. The vessel was loaded at Liverpool with general cargo by MesBrs. John D. Newton and Co., and waa consigned here to Messrs. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. She sailed from Liverpool on March 23, but was detained at Holyhead for some days through stress of woather, and left that port on March 25. Her arrival had been expected for two weeks past, as she had been nearly 100 days out, On Thursday last a telegram was received in Melbourne to the effect that the Gelt- wood was wrecked 12 miles south of Rivoli Bay. which ia situated on the South Ana. trallon coaBt, near Guichen Bay, a few miles north of Carpenter's Reef, where the Steamer Admella was wrecked in 1859. Tha wreck is supposed to have occurred a fort night ago, during the prevalence of heavy woather off the coast All bands are supposed to have been lout. Two bodies bave been found, one much decomposed, One of tbo bodies was supposed to be that of a Bailor. On the right arm there waa tattooed "R W S, Dundee,1852," in wreath,with British arms and Union Jack. The body was much decomposed, and the only clotbingupon it was a pair of socks and elastic boots. Tho beach is Btiewn with cargo, chiefly beor, tobacco, and crockery ¡ the hull of the vessel eau be seen on the reef. Thevuluoof the cargo is 1 cctimated to havo boen about £18,400. The vessel was insured in Liverpool,, but several local companies were concernod in theinsnr. ance on the cargo, amongst others being the Southern Insurance Company, £7,000 (partly re-iiiBured); British and Foreign, £1.600 Cornwall, £544 ; National, of New Zealand, £300 or £400 ; Adelaide, £175. MONTHLY SHIPPING AND FREIGHT REPORT. Messrs. 8. Db BEBitand Oo. report :-" Slnco the istuo of our last circular of tbo 12tb Juno, the univer- sal duInCBB that then pcrvadod our frolghtlng marktt has continued unabatod, and Bblpments to the United Kingdom havo boen upon tbo most limited Bal». During the past four weeks tbcro l8 but ono dopartura to roporl lor London, »amory, tbo Loch Tay, l,ui torro, leaving our loading-berth fully ocouplod by the, Emex, 1,048; W. O. Bussell, 1,218; Agamomnoo, 1,480; Arnyono, 1,300; Honown, 1,203; and Lord Warden, 1,237-more than sufficient for proaent de mauds, the tbreo Dret-named being on tho evo ot departure Tho rates for London aro as follow : Wool, id. per In. all round ; tallow. 85b.; loathor, tis.; flour, SOS ; whoat,30a ; bark, ground, 32s. Od., chopped, 40s.; tin, 10s.; copper, 10s ; ore*, 10*-all per ton ot 20cwt. ; and presorved meats, 27s. Od. per ton of 40 cubic feet. Fortbipinentof broadBtufra from South Australian ports to tho United Kingdom thero are rio ongajo menls to advino, tho ratos offering being loo low to induce any ve-eBßl, ovon at present depressed state of our freighting market, to accept ; and tboro Booms to bo nq proBpcct of any improvement, oven in face ot a large surplus of brcadstuflB remaining unshipped. For tbo shipment of Uvo Btock to India wo havo to report tho Onolda, 2,203, as having lett for OilcutU with 200 hones, and she will bo followed by the Ellon», 1,727 ; Loch Rannoch, 1,185 ; and Alrloo, 1,600. For Mauritius, the French barque Condor, 425, hu oft with 67 borne», and will probably bo followed li/ another vessel with live stork at an early dato ; whilit tbo colonlabowucd barque E. J. Spence, 010, Ia lostdiru; on owner's account with manuro and sundrioe. In tho absent» of tolographlo communication, »li chartering business has boon and Btlll ¡3 at a standstill, and thero are onlv two engagomenta to report is having been otTecúd during tbo mail month j°uit ended-namely, the Loch Rannoch, 1,186, for Madras; and tho Airlie, 1,1300. tor Calcutta, both with live Btock, and on terms which Invo boon withhold. Th« repairing steamer Edinburgh arrived at Port Darwin on tho both nit, and succocdod lu picking up and buoying the broken cabio between that port aud Ban jocwangf o ; but as elie could not Biiccood In spoaktnt; tlie latter port, it is foared that another break hia occurred in tbo cabio between her and thit port, which, it Is to bo hoped, will Boon bo discovered and repaired, thus placing tho Australian colonies again la telegraphic communication with Europe and tho East, tho absonco of which during the put two months has tended to doprcas shipping and freighting business to an unprecedented oxtout, The Govern- ment ot Hew South Wales havo chartorod and despatched tho s.S. Lyoemoon on tho 6th Inst, for Port Darwin, via Townsville, to run between Port Darwin »nd Banjoowanglo, for the purpoao of carrjlng telegrams botween thoBO two port«, and so bridgie; over that break In communication; but this action has been too tardy, wo fear, to bo of sorvico, as it li moro than probable that by the time oho arrives at her destination communication will havo boon rester»], and her services will therefore not he needed. Heil this action boon taken two months Since it would havo conferred n loneral benefit to commercial circles throughout the colonies, whorcas now it bids fair lo hi ah unnccelèary Oïpouulluro. Jho terms of tbi contract aro-H cancelled on arrival at Townsvllls, £1,600 ; if on arrival at Port Darwlu, £2,260. Should the steamer run between Port Darwin and Banjoe ivaoglo, £1.000 for each round trip, with £1,600 ad dillon»! for tho voyage from Sydney to Port Darwin, tho rnicer accompanying tbo stoamcr on bohalf of the Government to havo the power of cancellation. The rates from Nowcasile, N.8.W., are nominal, a] followB:-Hong Kong, l63; Bhangbai, 20a.; Binga poro, 16a : Java, 12a. to 13s.; San Francisco, 10*. In- tercolonial rates aro alto depressed, being nominal at He. to nobson'o Bay. There aro no Bales to report during tho month. Wo regret having to roport the total lois, with, It Is feared, all hands, near Rivoli Bay, South Australia, of the new Iron Britten barque Geltwood, 1,050, bnllt In Harrington, in January, 1870, ond on her first voyago from Llvorpool to this port. Thero la nothing very definite known of the lois boy omi a tolegraphlc communication, but hor hull Is now r.dv crtlsed fur Bale by her agent«. Tho British ship .Lightning, 1,248, with 400 Government Immi- grants, li ashoro on Trowbridge Shoal, at entrance of Ihe Gulf of St. Vincent, and likely to become a total wreck. All bands aro fortunately sifcly landed. SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. POUT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVAM ¿ND CL.KAiU.NCK» SI.1CS OUR LAST SOMMAUt. [Li., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da,, Danish ; V., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., 1'orturrucBo; Pr., Peruvian; I., Italian; N., Nor- wegian ; O., German ; 8., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish; Belg., Belgian ; II, Russian ; s., ship ; b,, barque; br., brig; se, schooner: s.S., steamer.] Juro. AnuivED. 12\. Michael Angelo, B. e., 1,174, Charles 8. Ball, Lan. don,- Bligh and Ilarbottlo. 14\. Itcnowu, B. s , 1,283, Wm. Wildash, London.-J. II. Wblto and Co. 14\. Nellie M. Slndo, A. ft, 664, H. R. Atwood, Maori tlua.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 16\. Rona, B. B., 1,809, T. & Causobrook, London.-i. Service and Co. 17\. Trowbridge, B. a, 1,207, J. Etaploton, London. Yireroo, Son, and Co. 17\. Irazu, B. b" 827, W. A. Pearce, Maurltlus.-W. Cr ob hy and Co. 20\. Alrleo, B. B., 1,600, J. Baebnrn, Liverpool.-Lori- mer, Marwood, and Rome. 21\. Duchess of Argylo, B. a, 1,700, Geo. Milhun, Liverpool.-Geo. Marlin and Co. 21\. Mindora, A.B., 1,021, 8. P. Bray, jan., Boston, Kewell and Co. 2L Eudora, B. b., 821, J. Wright, ManritluJ.-Fan- ning, Nankivell, and Cu. 21\. Wild Wave, B. b., 237, J. Flahcr, Maurltluf.-W. Crosby and Co. 21\. Mater, Fr. b., 444, A. Arnaud, Plckalooga, Java. -Victorian Sugar Company, 22\. Favorito, A. s, 1,282, Ë. A. Gerrlsli, Now York. -Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 22\. Lalla, B. cotter, M, H II. Peragoy, Fiji,-Jama ld'Kwan and Co. 24\. China, B.M.S.S., 2,010, J. Orman, Gallo, &C.-F.; a Kendall. l8 The Lord Warden, B. e" 1,237, John Smith, Lon- don.-J. H. White and Co. 28 Martin Scott, B. a, 1,883, John Eorr, London. Vlrgoe, Bon, and Co. July. 8\. Pelham, B. b., 340, J. P. Mooro, Zobo.-3. ti Beer »nd Co. 4\. James Service, B. b,, 441, R, Voting, Caloulta. Boydsnd Currie, o. Hilda, a U, 848, S. Nlllgon, Probollngn, Java, Victoria Sugar Company. 6\. Ivanhw, B. b., 347, D. HaglitB, Pabollo-diPiCJ, Callao.-Bright Brothers and Co. June. CLEARED OUT. 12\. loots, A. s., 178, T. BlckuoU, Oregon.-Allrod Woolley and Oo. 18\. Sumatra, R.M.S.S., 1,406, J. C. Almond, Galle, &c.; — F. R. Kendall. 10\. Onolda, B. s., 2,203, a K. B. Olyms, Calcutta. Geo. Martin and Co. 10\. Millwall, B. B., 1,105, E. W. Holten, Guam. Connell, Hogarth, and Co. 10\. Bntb, B. b., 408, O. Minto!, Guam.-S. de Boor and Co. 20\. Loch Tay, B. s, 1,101, D. B. Inglis, London. Holmes, While, and Co. 22\. Condor, F. b., 426, Jean afustoau, Mauritius.-O. Tondeur and Co. 80\. Salamis, B. a, 1,078, W. Phillp, Guam.-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. JUNE 18. Sumatra, R.M.S.S., for Point de Galle-7 cast) plants and eeedB, 8 cases biscuits, 1 caso tobacco, 1 erato earthenware, 10 packages boots &c;, 0 colls ropo, l8 packages samples, 10 casks tallow, 20 casks potatoes, > taloa saddlery, 7 cases sundries. Jesu 10. Onclda, for Calcutta.-120 casos wlno, 148 cue« biscuit«, 12 caeos floor, 2,289 tilca 4,782 cakes copper, 1 ehnffcullor, 2 casis opeclmenB, 1 caso albums,716 bogs bran, 110 tonB hay, 110 bags oats, 206 horses. Jukk 20. Loch Toy, for London.-1,688 lngo'.B tin, 860 bags flour, 2.SED bogo wheat, 4.49Z bag« bark, 4 quarter ca-hs 12 casca wines, 8 casks 605 »aga antimony, 65 tora bones, 46 líales nklns, 803 bales leather, 8 bales leather and »kin», 433 hales wool, 83 pipes 247 calka tallow, 0 packages merchandlso, 0,676 casos presorved meats. Junk 22. Condor, for MauritiuB.-60 barrs bnrloy, 110 bart bran, 178 balcB hay, 100 halos chaff, 26 bags malls, 87 horses. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE. PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. Jons l8. _, Sumatra, R.M.S.S., for Galle, «to. Pnssonror? -cabin :-For alone Ig-Messrs. Nanklvoll, 8. J. Malley, - TlliiB, Georgo Nipper. For King Goorgo J Sound-Mr. J. Pony, Miss Kalo Compton. For Point do Oatie-MctBrs. J. E. Ringwood, W. H. Murphy, W. H. Duflln. For Bombay-Messrs. K. Millard, w. Short, W. Falconer. For MadraB-Hr M. Ty'T1 For Venice-Mr. and Mrs. E. Samuel. Mr. »."»«_ kins. For Southampton-Mr., Mrc, and Miss Wiiiio Btono, Mrs. Huddy, MtBBrs. A. H. Lawson, - M ltao, A. Blown, B. P. Thorpo. Juttr, 20. , _. Loch Tay, for London. Passcngors-salooni. Mr. A. F. Flotcbcr, Mr. R. Slanlfortli, Mr. J. Hastie. Second cabin : Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Woaro, Messrs. Jas. Crawford, H. Conloy, Jan. Balor, Chas. Hen ey, John Craig, J. RomBtadt, A. M'Konatroy, A. Jamieson, A. Dalgleish, and R. Monto. , GOLD SHIPS THAT HAVE SAILED. Tho following Isa Ubi of tho Bhlns taking gold which havo Boiled from thia port Bluco tiro publication of our last Summary, together with tho quantities and aos tinntrons ; Datei of Balling. Ship. Destination. OitnOos. 33.100 lho total amount of gold oxportod from tho oolonjr Blnco tho beginning ot tno year has boon 270,04001-.. or, whioh 1.708OZ. was tranBhipped from Now ZMUf.° During tbo corresponding period of last joar too ontlro Quantity oxportod was 385.960or., and ol tun total 43.20001!. was from Now Zealand._ (For eotifinuaiion of Summary, see paget) Printed and published by Huait OBOituB, at TOT Annus Ofllco, Collin» street, Molbourno, lor Wilso» and Mackiskon, proprietor». S UM MARY. (Continued from page 2 of Summary.) MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. Sumatra, Captain J. C. Almond, after taking on board her maila and \- -embarking hor passengers, left Hobaon'a Bay on her outward voyage foi Galle on the .IStli June, shortly after 2 o'clock in the after The R.M.S S. China, Captain J. Orman, with the Indian, Chino, sod English maila "" Saturday afternoon, the 24th ult ?' The Californian mail steamer Zoalandia, from San Francisco, reached Sydney on the 119th ult., and her mails wore delivered here cn the 22nd. The Torres Straits mau Bteamer Brisbane 'reached Sydney on the 20th, and her maila were delivered here on the morning of the 21th ult. STATE OV TB.ADH. Business throughout the month now closed lins nut been marked by mnoh ot an exciting character. Speculation has been dormant, and the larger buyers refusing to operate beyond actual requirements, transactions have been -of a somewhat limited nature throughout, though a fair trade demand has been ex- perienced, andin that respect at least a steady EuBineBS bas been done. Doubtless a good -deal of the disinclination evinced by the heavier buyers to operate has been owing to the fact that the month of June closes the financial year or half-year, as the caso may bo, at which period our storekeepers end general dealers usually exhibit more 4 anxiety to reduce stocks and restrict pur- chases to the lowest minimum point, rather than increase them, and to carry out that policy buy as sparingly as possible, and only toan extent barely sufficient to meet actual wants. The present Beason has been no ex- ception in that respect, and for any improve, ment we must look to the month just com- menced, which thua opportunely uahora in the lost half of the year. There is no question cut that business has, moreover, during the month now closed, been seriously and injuriously affected by the continued iSUBpension of telegraphic communication between the colonieB and the mother coun- try, and if tho inconvenience that has been endured in consequence of the complete break-up of all business arrangements intro- duced while the cable was in working order, be not a sufficiently strong reason for all petty jealousies being laid aaide for the pur pose of concerting measures to remedy the 'evil we have Buffered under, and obtaining a -aU the colonies, it is scarcely possible to 'think that anything else will enable na to ?Secure the coveted boon. MeasuroB have 'lately been adopted to obtain regulártele .grams from Java by chartering ü steamer to ," Tun from that island to Curt-Darwin, but ". intelligence just received affords good hopea ) 'that the cable between Banjoewangie and 'Port Darwi.ii will be repaired in a few .days. vVe cannot, however, help express iiiiff. regret that a repairing stoamor in -? fue colonies should have been allowed to- remain inactive for nearly the whole of the three months that communion, (ion has been interrupted, and only de- spatched within the last fortnight to repair «the cable. When the arrival of the China at ' Adelaide waa telegraphed this month more » - than usual excitoment waa evinced, serious £!_ appréhensions having previously existed re m garding the peace of Europe, and it was only p: when positive assurance was received that ' there was no war that the fears enter, itained were allayed. Considerable interest vas created in commercial circles on the arrival of the Torres^ Straits mail Bteamer rto find tbat the enterprise of Messrs. Lorimer, ¿larwood, and Rome, through the Btnartness 'Of their correspondent at Foo-chow, had for the fourth season enabled them to distance till competitors in the race to place the first .of the new Fow-chow congous on the market -nero. The first arrival of the season, 8G0 , ¡ialf-cheats Koisow congous, reached Foo -chow at 10 o'clock on the morning of tho 3.4 th May, by 12 o'clock the settlement was 'effected, and the same day the parcel was ? faced on board a coasting steamer for Hong tone, where the Brisbane, for Australia, waa caught, which Bteamer brought the line forward to Sydney, and being transhipped to the Somerset for this port, arrived here on Monday, the 26th. The China circulars generally report the teas this Season as not so fiue as last year ; the trade here, however, have liquored the parcel, and there haa been a very general expression of satisfaction as to tho quality. Owing, however, to the disinclination of buyers to operate until the month waa out, the shipment, which has only been offered frivately, bas not been entirely cleared off. ut will, doubtless, be all sold before any , ' 'thing else comes to hand by the next mail »steamer, to arrive about the end of the , month. The advices regarding wool have * ' .proved most unsatisfactory, and the account eales received show, in almost every in- stance, a great deficiency on the anticipated returns, and much losa will acorue in conse- quence. We notice with regret the wreck cn the South Australian coaat of the ?Geltwood, from Liverpool to Melbourne. The Lightning, with immigrants, from . London to Adelaide, haa likewise gone , ashore at Trowbridge, in South Aus 'india. Particulars of both disasters will : -be -found in another column. In com .merdai circles confidence has been well sus- tained. Country billa bave for some time t-paat been well met, and the aspect of trade -Altogether haa been sound and healthy. Since the commencement of the month, how- ever, Beveral suspensions have occurred, -one of these being of serious conee \- quence, involving a large amount, but, ' fortunately, not likely to affect other firms. A meeting of the creditors of Mr. G. M. Milne, «vine merchant, Flinders-lane, was held on 'tho 3rd inst The statement submitted ? Showed liabilities amountinc to £3,400, and , .-nesoteestimated to yield £2,800, the deficiency ,' being £G40. After some discussion, it waa ' . agreed to assign the estate to two trustees, i, '.pending which the meeting waa adjourned . 'for a week. Mr. Milne's losses have been . -very heavy, he having retired from the ¡Ï \ brewery with which he waa connected only " -fuur years ago with £17,000 clear. A meeting . of the creditors of Messrs. li- Dehnert and * Co., brewers, Fitzroy, waa held on the -4th inat., when a statement was submitted Showing liabilities amounting to £0,810, with assets estimated at £G,200. Tho balance-sheet, however, was not complete. It waa decided to assign the estate to three -of the creditors for the benefit of the whole. Messrs. Joseph Webster and Co., the well known extensive tea and sugar merchants, were this week likewise compelled to place 'their affaira before their creditors, A meet- ing was held on the 5th inst The statement prepared Bhowed liabilities amounting to ^£00,700, while the assets were made np as follows :-Stock, £31,831; oash and bills on band, £1,970; and open account, £32,4ß3; aggregating in all £00,284. But as in tho open account ia included a brewery, a ?mining account, &c;, it ia feared that iu the realisation of this asset a very ' large deficiency, presently estimated at £22,000, must acorné. The contingent -liabilities under bills receivable amount 'to £5G,982. No definite resolution was ar- rived at, but the meeting waa adjourned Jill Friday, from which it waa further ad journed to Tuesday next The losses by bad debts, extending ovor nine years, are stated to amount to £22,000. The cases againBt Messrs, L. Stevenson and oona have occupied the attention of the public for the greater part of tbe month, 'u'he investigation of the charge of defraud Srg the_ Customs by undervaluing the flannel ou which duty waa paid, was entered upon before a bench of magistrates soon after the ¡departure of tho last mull, and after a patient ' inquiry, extending over a week, Sfessra. EtevenBon again Bcored a victory. Tho case lor the Crown was in itaolf so weak and onsatinfnetory that no jury could possibly . convict on tho evidenco brought forward!; »ut when the case for the défonça was ./"'tered upon, the evidenco in favour of the y. cuaed was of bo overwhelming a character ».mt the Bench, by a majority of ten to three, «leaded to dismiBS the charge, and tho « onder is that, with such evidence, the verdict *as not unanimous. The criminal charge brought in the Supreme Court against Mr. «stevenson and his subordinates for obstruct -wir and assaulting H M. officers while in the oiscbarge of their duty, was entered upon g few days afterwards, before his Honour Mr. Justice Fellows and a Jury of twelve. ¡The caao lasted over three days, at the end of .thich the jury, after a consultation of only -jo minnteB or thereabouts, brought in a ver' jnct of not guilty on all the counts. At one time there waa aome talk of the Customs \- going on again with other cases, but it can ¡scarcely be believed tb»t with no better evi Jence than appears to be in their possession, ' iw mrown. wil1 »ttempt anything further. -air. 1 rowell, the informer, has published a ' 5aTBulet Biving his own ex parte statement ?jn the case ; but if he intended by that to do ^"rtner harm to hie former employers he »as -been sadly mistaken, aa he, on his -own showing, more clearly than ever proves juat the Crown never had the slightest »«gal ground for their proceedings, and it is .now no surprise whatever that they should , \¡¡l? ^pV»*)* failod. Of late a new phase v »the dispute has been developed. The Cus j toms are now insisting that the Messrs. -stevenson for the future should produce ('genuine invoices" when paying ad valorem dutiee, wbilo the latter protest against the department's right to make the demand, but at the same time offer to comply if sufficient time be allowed to communicate with Eng- land. In the transactions of the month, Calcutta woolpacks figure to the extent of 700 balea, the shipment per James Service having boen Bold to that extent Foreign candles have been little noticed, but an extensive business baa been done in Victorian-made. The Apollo Company have contracted with the trade for forward delivery for 15,000 boxes of their make; while the Messrs. Kitchen report having booked, also for forward delivery, 12,000 boxes. Cementa bave improved, but the special sales effected have not been extensive. Coffees have had no particular notice. Fruits havo further improved. Breadstuff's have risen in value ; wheat by Id. per bushel, and flour by 7a. Gd. to 10s. per ton. In feeding grains, a decline in oata to the extent of 4d. to Od. per bushel has bad to be conceded. In metala, a large buBineaa hr-B been done in galvanised iron, fully 200 tons ou the spot and to arrive changing bands in one week alone ; the prices realised, however, still show a loss. In oils, little inquiry has been experienced ; of kerosene, about 5,000 cases only have changed hands. Rice has been neglected. Salt has declined. The sales of Bugar comprise 1,000 tonB Victorian refined. Of Mauritian, the cargoes of the Nellie M. Slade and the Iraza, besides broken shipments, haveboen disposed of. Tho cargoes of the Wild Wave aud Eudora have not yet been offered. The moat noticeable feature in tens is the arrival of the first shipment of new Foo- chow congous by the Brisbane, Torrea Straits mail steamer. Timber haa improved in value. Of tobaccoes, about G50 packages have found buyers. Wines have gone off steadily. Little of any particular importance bas transpired in brandy. On the 19th nit, the Californian mail steamer Zealandia arrived at Sydney. On the 21et the arrival at Sydney of the Torres Straits mail steamer Brisbane was an- nounced. The Suez mail steamer China reached Adelaide on the 22ud ult, and here on the 24th. By these opportunities we have advices from London by post to 12th May, and by telegraph to Galle to 1st June. Our dates from Calcutta reach to the 24th May, from Colombo to 31st May, from Singapore to 27th May, from Batavia to 22nd May, from Hong Kong to 19th May, from Foo-chow to 14th May, from Manila to 16th May, from Bangkok to 10th May, from Rangoon to 7th May, and from Saigon to 17th May. We have datea from New York to 13th May. . STOCK AND BTATIONB. The following business has been reported in the course of the month : Messrs. D. Morehead and Co., Brisbane, report having sold (on account of Messrs. Rome Brothers) to Sir Francia Murphy and Sona the Northampton Downe Station, Barcoo, with 38,000 sheep at 21s. each, a email, herd of cattle at £9, and atores at cost. Messrs. J. C. Walker and Co. report having «old (in conjunction with Mesara. Maiden, Hill, and Clark, Sydney) the Euroka Station, on tbe Barwon River, New South Wales, to Mr. F. G. Wolseley, ¡at £7 is. per head for cattle-amount, about £40, Û0Ô. Mr. John Geo. Dougharty (in conjunction with Mesare. James Turner and Son) report having sold Mr. Henry Ricketsou'a Condoblin Station, on the Lachlan, estimated as con- taining about Í3Ú,Ú0Úacres, with 30,000sheep, stores, and working plant, to Messrs. Milne, Falconer, and Co, Messrs. James Turner and Son report having Bold, on account of MeBsrs. J. and J. Donaldson, the Caulpaul station, in the Western district, with 10,000 sheep, pur- chased land, plant, &c;, to Mr. G. R. Pat- terson. BXCHANQE AND MONEY. The Belling rate of exchange on London remains steady at ¡ per cent premium for GO days' sight bank araf te. The baying rate ia ¿per cent discount, but there ia no medium of cover offering. Interest ia paid by the banka at the rate of 5 per cent, on 12 months' deposits, 4 per cent on six months', and 3 per cent on three months' deposits. The rates of discount now aro-7 per cent on two months' and 8 per cent on throe and four months' mercantile bills, 9 per cent being charged for overdraft. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho ArguB OHlco, Saturday Evonlng. In tlio Import markot business throughout tho past month bas maintained a quiet aspect ; a Btoady demand (or trade purposes has boon cxporlonood, but nothing more. No attempt at spéculation has been mado, and business, as a rule, has boon limited to ordinary routine oalcs. Bulk ales hare boen exceedingly quiet Bottled ales havo not boon active. In bottled stouts, O'Brlon's dagger has been most noticed. In Dundee goodB corniacks havo been neglected. Wool- packs, howovor, havo bad considerable notice, but tbo demand bas not been general. Candles, Imported brands, bave bad only trade »Hon- iton, but Vlctorlan-mado bare boon dealt ia largely. Cemonta have Improved. Chomlcals, chicory, coffee, confcctlonory, cordage, fish, gunpowder, bops, malt, oilmen's stores. quicksilver, &o;, call for no special remark. Fruit« have boon much more freely looked after, and a further advanco has boon estab- lished. BrcadstuOs havu risen in valuo, both wheat and Hour being dearer. In metals, a very much In- creased business bas been dooo In galvanised iron.' In oils kerosene has continued firm. Bles has advanced in price Bait Is lower. In sugar a good business bas boen dono. Teas havo gone ill steadily, but nolblngUkoparcols havo boen quitted. A shipment of Foo-chow teas, til o first of tho now season, carno forward by tbo last Torres Straits mail stenrnor, to tbo consignment of Messrs. Lorimer, Horwood, and Homo, and coming unexpectedly, created somo sensation. Timbor has improved con- siderably. Tobaccoes bave been moro dealt in. Wines bave been going oQ steadily for trado purposes. Brandies havo continued firm, but that la all, and tho month's business has been light. Âlo and Stout-Tbo markot for hulk alo has bsoa very dull. Supplies havo como forward very Blotvly, but no Inconvenfenco appears to havo been ezporioncod In consequence, the demand being of so trifling a cha- racter gcuoraUy. Wc havo, thorofore, fow or no salos to report to which tbo slightest Interest Is attached. Quotations remain unaltered, £8 to £8 10s. and £9, according to brand, being rea'ised for tho few parcels dlsposod of. In bottled ales tboro Is equally little doing, only tho merest trade parcols aro got rid of, and though stocks of tbo commoner brands havo been allowed to accumulate, fuw special transactions havo been »ported, and only a very modorato trado demand for actual requirements has boen cxporloncod all tho month. Prices for such quantities aro nomi- nally as last month, though to quit pircols loss money would havo to bo taken lu ovory Instance Meantime, wo quote 11s. for Foster's, and sales aro making at the prlco. though stocks aro not largo. Tcnncnt's rtmain unaltored, buyers of this brand not being prepared to opcrato as j et. Wo quoto 10a, less 10 ar.d 16 per cent. Allsopp's Is valued at Da. 3d. For Base's triangle 9s. Is wanted, though a consldorablo concession his had to bo allowed to got rid of parcels when that has boon found desirable. Blood's has been maintained at °s, and 05. 8d. Altkon's has boen telling Irr Bmall lots at 83. Sd. to 83. Od. For M'Ewan'a vro quoto 8s. Sd. Dovenish's has hoon nominal at 83. to S!. Sd. ; thora has, howevor, boon llttlo offering of this brand, and scarcely any busi- ness at all has been reported. Jeffrey's has been sold in pareóla at 7s. to 7s. ljd. Bottled stouts havo lrkowlso only met with a vory modorato dotnand ; trado sales have been making, but buslnoss has no1 gono boyond that, and prices on the whole havo undor gono no chango. O'Brien's dagger brand as usual has monopolised tbo attention of tbo dealers, but all tho business done In that brand has been through the auction-room as hlghcrto. Edmond's pig brand has been silcabla In moderato lots, at 109. Sd. to 10s. Gd. Burko's ia disposed of at 10s. 3d. Hall's boar's hood has been selling at Ob. Od. Foster's has found buyers at B3. Sd. to 0s. Cd. Blood's has been soiling at 03. to Of. Sd. O'Brien's dagger at ono timo In tho course of tho month reached 8s. Sd., but at the sales this week only 8s. 0}d. to 8s. Id. was realised. About 2,200 cases bave boon sold. Byass' porter is valued at 8s JcHrcj'i Is valued at If. to 7s. Sd., while other brands oar-not be quoted at oror Os. Od. Bagging.-Kot tho slightest sign ot Improromont has been perceptible, and tbo utmost dulnoss has porvaded tho markot since wo lost wrote. Gornsaoks aro quite neglected. Tho season closed nomo timo ago vrith a vory heavy stock, and further large supplies continuo to come forward from Calcutta, tho james fervlco, this week, with 1,400 bales sacks, paoks, and gunnies, bolng tho last arrival, and undor those circum- stances tho largor buyers havo been vory chary in operatlug, ovon to arrlvo. Every attempt, therefore, to toll to any extent bas as yet failed, though Importers bavo evinced overy desire to quit largoly to arrlvo ; vro aro, in consequenco, without any busluoss in that respect to roport, Slnco writing, wo leam of Bcveral hundred bales having boon placed for dollvory In Novombor. Tho trado demand (or ordinary routlno purpoecs has likowlso boon of tho mott trifling character ; scarcoly an Inquiry has boon experienced, and prices aro quite nominal at up to 7s. Sd. for Calcutta, and 0s. Od. for Dundoo, but when attempts to forco business at auction havo boon mado, much lo«cr rates havo had to bo accoptod. At Uro cloeo ol tbo month 23 halos of Dundees woro quitted at 0;. 4d. to 0s. 7d., and 40 bales of Oalcuttas wero at samo timo cleared off at 0s. 7d.¡ the groit irregularity which exists may tberoforo be J udged ol by those sales. Woolpacks aro now moro In season, but notwithstand- ing that, no cpectil Inquiry has yet sprung up. A ship, mont of 400 ba'es to arrlvo by tiro James Service alroauy alluded towastakon up early in the month, and SOO LalCB moro havo been quitted Blnco that vossol rcacho 1 port, but no othor bUBiness has boon offoctod. Trad-» sales of Vlctorlan-mado aro making at 2s. lOd.; for Dundees wo quoto np to 2s. Bd. for small lots, whllo for Calcuttaa 2s. Od. is asked. At auction, how- ever, faulty lot« woro qulttod at Is. Od. to 2s. OJd , aud SO bales of DundocB In soundlcoudltlon wero got rid of at 2s. 2d. to 2s. Sid., prices which placo tho markot In a most unsatisfactory lIght.Branbigs havo boon llttlo notlcod ; wo quoto 5s. to 5s. 3d. Gunnies havo boen llttlo dealt In of lato ; wo do not hoar ot any Inquiry, and our quotation of Ga. Cd. Is morely a nominal ono. Boots and Shoes show llttlo activity. Tho markot Is Btill heavy, and tho business dono of an Irregular character. Public Eales woro held during tho first two weeks of tho month. Lost wook, howovor, nothing was dono, whllo this wook only a trifling busi- ness alto nos reported. Al tho sales hold, tho follow- ing prices woro realised :-On Monday, the 12th ult, girls 40 almas brought 2s. Od : do. do. bala., Is. 10d.; o. 7-0 nunns, 8s.; do. do. kid E.8., Bl. 4d.; do. 10-18 calf almas, 4s ; women's almas, 0s ; do. kid 11.8., 6b. Sd., 0s ; men's call almas,9a 04,10s. Gd.; do. bluchers, 0s. lid.; do. laceups, 18s ; do. Bl I pi. ara, 2& 7d.; women's do, 3). lOd, ; do. kid shoos, 5s. Gd.; do. goloshes, Is. 10d. Loatborware,-Hen's K.B. uppors realised 5s., 6s. (k1.; do. haltwolllngton logs, 6s. 6d., 0s.; calf, 4s. 4d. per lb. ; kip, la. 7Jd- do. ; wax kangaroo, 2s. 2d, do.; brown do., 2«.; kid calfskins 41s. per dosen ; Tasmanian kangaroo, Ss. 8d. per lb. On Friday, tho 23rd, Invoices of English and colonial boola and shoes and leather wert disposed ot at the following prie« -80 cases women o lutin; F S. brought 6«., 10 cues glove kid, Ck to llonr, 0-8 0». and 7a., women s laatlng boote, 4s. Od. to 7« per pair do kid, Se 8d to 6a. 0 childrens almas, 4-0 to 2a 7d , do 7 0, at 8s. 9d and 8a. lOd , do 10-19 at 4a, to 49 Od per pair do women e Co. to Os lid , mon s airan, Os. 4d to 8s Gd do blucher* at Be 7d youths do, 4s Gd do laco 6s. Id 0 caeos French calf, at 4a per II) wax calf 2b 10<1 and Ze lid., cordovan backe, 2a. 7d , hoot wob. Es 2d to 6a, On tho 0th Inst, ata public eale held girls 4-0 bale, realised it 31 , do 4-6 almas, 2a. 8d , 8s., do 7 0 bale., 8s. ed. do do almas SB. Od , 4s do 10-18 bala., 4s. 21-, do do almas its. Gd , 6s maids 1 2 bala , 6s 80 do do almas, 6s. Ga. womens lovant bala,, 6s. 8d , do ftlmae, 0s lOd , boy« Wuchere, 4«. Id., youths do, 6b. 8d mon s do, Ga. 10d-, do laceups 8j 7d , do E.8 , 7s Gd 8s Od Candles.-Wo havo Ht'lo ol animation to roport this mor th for though prices havo boon woll supported all ti rough tbo tono and aspect of tho market as regards aalos baa undergono tho most complot« chango slnco wo last wrote Inetoad of tho hoavy demand ox poilcnccd for some timo bick for export orders havo como forward vory slowly, for very modo ralo parcels, and only at Irregular IntorvalB but notwithstanding that howovor stocka I »v o not, been allowed to accumulât« Tho quantity atprosont In bond is stated not to oxcocd ¿B 110 boxes being al rut tho samo as last month Tho donund for trado purposes has also been of a limited nature and tho larger buj ore havo refrained from oporatlug to any extent whatever Sales of importod havo in conso quenco boon of little account, Tho only favourable fcaturo is tbo firmness with which prices havo boon sustained At ti o auction sales, lOJd has boon realised for Jonar a, lOd lor D II ü , ojd for Bran don s, and Ojd. for Goudas while sales ot parcelB of 260 boxea In a lino havo boon modo for export at 73d to Sid in bond, according to brand Victorian mado candles aro, howovor, coming moro and moro Into i otice and In theso a lare,o business han been dono Tho Apollo Company ontorod into coi tracts with tho trado for forward dollvory for a quantity co vertag at least 16 000 boxoa at 8}d., and the prico for ordinary requirements has boon main tali ed at Od Kitchen at tho samo timo roportod having booked trado ordors to tho extent of 12 000 boxes pctrollncs at 8jd , subsequently requiring 01 for email lots. Sales ol this manufacturer's star brand havo been making at 8Jd Cement -Tho markot has this month appeared in a slightly Improved aspect Mot much of spécial im nortanco has transpired iu tho way of aalos, but this mi eh has becomo known, that of approved brand« eales can be made In quantity at vory full rates, and as shipments advised by the present mall appoar to bo onco moro within reasonable compass, a furthor in provement may not bo far off Hitherto salos bavo been of little account only trado parcolsof Portland being inquired for and quotations havo ruled at from 16s to 10s. About a fortnight ago, however a ship- ment of 1 000barrels Knight, Bovau, and Sturgo s was taken up In one line at 16s. 8d and a firmer tono has Blnco provailod No other special business has, how ever, been reported but tho prices now oskod rango from 16b 3d. to 10s Sd AmericanplaBtcrhasmaintained a Bteady quotation of 10s to 16s Gd No business worth special notico has como boforo us. Tho Mindoro, which or ived 10 dave ago from Boston, brought on a shipment of nearh 5001>*rrols but the parcel has not not yot beon landed, and, so far as wo can loam, no salo bos beon effocteu. Chemicals bavo not evinced tho slightest appearanco of animation Most of tho items coming undor this beading aro, however out of season, and the dulness prevailing is only «hat might bo looked for Soda crystals nave boen going off quietly at £0 6s Carbonate of coda Is nominal at £16 to £16 10s. Caustic soda Is moved with tonslderablodlulculty, and then only when » good concession on quoted ratos is allowed > 60 per cent. Is offering at £16 to £15 103, 'or & shipment sold last week, howov or, 16s under that price bad to bo taken. Boventy per coat, is worth £18 Flowers of sulphur move off slowly for actual requirements at £18 10s. to £14, but only In rotiil lota Tai tarie acid has not yet como into notice for tbo season, and prices havo had a declining tendency for como time, we now quote Is lOd to 2a. Cream of tartar Ifl also little more than nominal Is Sid to la 6d is asked but thero Is no business doing Prepared opium has boen going off oulotly at 24a. Chicory bas mot with a fair trado" Inquiry, at fully up to last month e quotation of Ojd. a prico whioh is fixed for tho current month. Coffee,-Transactions la this staple havo not boen of the sligh'est Importance. Stocks on band are mostly bold by tbo trado, and boing required for tho supply of ordinary wants, no destro Is apparently evinced to get rid of largo lines and hlthorto Bales havo boon confined to the quittance of small lots. Quotations aro unaltered, plantation boing quitted at la. 2d to Is 2¿d To dlsposo of parcels a much lower Ogure would havo to bo taken Only this week a parcel was sold by auction, as per Bampio, at ll|d Java descrip- tions do not attract much notico Small lots for actual requirements are Balovblo howovor, at Is Id to Is lid. Nativo Coylon In similar lota is quoted at la. Old Confoctlonory -There ia now scarcely a markot at all for importod confections, and though quotations aro maintained, yet there is so little business doing these must bo considered quito nominal Klettert oeaortcd aro valued at Ojd Tho local demand is amply Bupplled by Bales of Victorian mado at 7d to 7Jd Candied peel is moving off at lljd to li 8d Jujubes are disposed of at Is. Id Cordago remains without the slightest interest, and attracts no atlontion whatever Manufacturers com plain of dulness, reporting only trifling sales as making for local use, and tbo demand for export is no better Best Manila homp- mado ropo has been Belling at £00 for largo sze, while Blzos undor ono inch bring 8d per lb 8ocond qualities of this material aro moving off at £63 per toa and 7d. por lb for largo and Email sizes respectively Ylat ropoB aro quoted at prices ranging from £72 to £81, according to silo, but thero is not much Inquiry from tho mines New Yeoland flax mado ropo la not much noticed Blnco tho advance in the raw uiatorlal, and the quotation is littlo moro than maintained at £12 for largo Blzo, while lines and cordago Blzo bring 6d per ib Manilla wool lashing is Bteady at £56, and New Zealand lashing la ollorlnir at £40 Seaming twines are disposed of in retail lots at Is. l3d and Is. 2d. while shoptwinesruniromlOJ tola Id-At auction this wick 46 coses ni d bales woro disposed of at lOd to lljd for light twines and 6d to Ojd. for twines and cordage New /oaland flax is quoted at £25 for good quality, but tuero is little or nu business to report. Fish has been very quiet all the month. Business has been conQood to supplying ordinary routino wants, and in no inetanco has tho inquiry gono bojond Ling has been moving off at 6d- to 6jd Whlto herrings in ha 1 barrolB havo boon nominal a* 28s. lib. herrings bavo doclined to 7s 8d to 7s Gd , which holders now accept Bed horrlngs in tins still command 82s. to 83a. Sd lib salmon Is firm at Os Sd to 0s Gd at which tbore la a modo rato demand. Californian advlcca regarding shipments continue favourable Sardines are a trifle euler Halves aro now offering at 8s. to 8s ljd , and quarters aro moving at 4s lo£d. to 6s , lib oysters are quoted at 8s. to 89 ¡Id, and lib lobsters bring 0s. 3d Fruits -A largo domand for currants Is still ex porlenccd, and advices having beon received of a fur thcr advance in tho home markets, a rlBlng tendency has been evinced during the last fortnight, and a further improvement is likely to be established, how ever dis nclincd the trade may ho to concodo the same. Sales have boen making all the month In quantity at 6Jd, and any parcela offering, whatever the extent, have found a ready markot at our quota tion Of lato moreover much difficulty has boen ox pcilonced In getting holders to accept tbo prico and ¡t is vory probable that more monoy will bo asked Raising bavo been very depressed and owing to tho nurnbor of damagod parcels sold in tho market at low rates mocli loss haB beon sustained recently, bowover quite an improvoment has boen perceptible. A parcel of 400 boxes wob taken up in ono Uno a thort timo ago and now (tho trado purchaso much more freely at Gd Tor valenclaB no quote OX Silos of Bultanas havo boen making at 8}d Muscatels aro nominal at la. to le 2d Figs aro mov ing off at 8d Flour and Grain -Tho markot for brcadstuffs has boen an improving ono for the last halt of tho month In ti o uarller part a duller, hoavlor aspect wag pro Eonted and ti o tendency was at ono timo towards lowor rates, tbo weakness evinced being very evident Supplies coming forward howovor, havo throughout been on a restricted Bcalo oven If all that reached town bad boen ottered for Bale and for some time past con tidtrablo difficulty has been oxnorienc d in conao quenco In obtaining Buíüclcnt wheat for ordinary re- quirements. Qho offcrlnga In tho opon markot havo been trifling and unimportant and In tbo auction rooms the business dono has been quito os Insignificant, the supply being so very meagre. In consequence of this an Ira] roving aspect has been presented for tho past fortnight and tbougb for the reason Riven, trantac tiona bavo not boon of much account yet a decided advanco baa boen cstabllabod on wheat and flour Tho riso In tho former Is equal to dd to 5eL par bushol and in tbo latter to 7s Gd. to 10s per ton Tho month opened with Eales of wheat at 5s. Od to 6s lOd with a Bomowbat weak markot for good wheat at 6s Od to 6s. Cid. Altorwards a reaction sot in and the pries baa beon gradually rising Blnco. Last week 5a lljd. to Ga. 0'd waa roallsod at tho auction sales and the price thlB weok has further gono up to 0s. Id. to 0s. 2d At tho latest sale, hold a day or two ago Oj. Id. to 05\. M was realised andasbuycrsarooagortopurchaso the month closes vory firm. Considerable business moreover, could be done were supplies only more abundant. Flour has likewise improved In value At tho commencement tho prico declined to £12 to £12 5s., after which tbo markot recovered ond gradu ally rising, Is now very firm at £1" l"s Gd , holders of best brands preferrlog to sell small lots rathor than quit largo parcols oven at that notwithstanding that good brands havo been moving off in amall lota Uko wiso at £12 "s Od , but aro not now to bo got. Tho markot in South Australia haa sympathised with tho movement in nur own, rifling In the course of the month from 4s. Ed to 6s Shlpmonta from Ado laldo aro going on apace the last advices showing that though only six months of tbo year havo passod already 140 000 tons or 7 lOtbs of tho estimated Burplus bad been exported by tbo beginning of Juno Latest EngllBh advlccaglvo tho quotation ot wheat at 62s. to 58a. per quartor Our own supplios from tbo country districts 1 ave during tho mouth boon vor; eboi t a considerable decroaso being notlceal lo Tho quantities received from tho commencement of tlio joar now figuro at 100 058 bags of vvho-vt and 81 834 "ogs of flour, ogaliiBt l61 061 bags of vvl oat and C2 060 biRB of fl ur up to tho Bamo porlod the yoar beforo Btlll si owing an Increaso vvl on reduced to wheat of 0 G"3 bogs in favour of ti Is j oar Feeding grains havo been very doprcsiod and on Uno oats a declino I aa had to bo submitted to of 41 per bushol Tbo rcduotlon on li ferior, bowover. is fully Gd , in addition to tho grcator dllllculty exporloncod In mai tag Bales Hearccly aiy Inquiry haa ox iBtcd In tbo open market all through tho mont!, and to do business at all eales havo had to bo forced at auction Novertholoss, whon holdors havo ii own a dtepoBltlon to accept ruling rates considerable parcols havo on occasions boon taken up Latest advices from Now Zoaland state that deliveries from tho farmors had coasod and thoro can bo little dono now boforo spring, but our markot has not been much influenced thoroby B isinoss for ths month commonccd by Balea of fino stout foodlng and milling at 8« 8d to 8s Sid , good Now Zoaland feeding Boiling at samo timo at 2s. lid to 8s Id , while Tasmajian coast nero dlBposod of at 2s. Od Slnco then, howovcr, n continuous declino baa boon notice ablo at tho weokly salos, and tho latest publlo busl noes roported Bhowa a quotation for low anj dla coloured Tasmanian of 2s 4d- to 2s. 7d for ordinary feeding, 2s 8jd to 2a. lOd , and for fino hew Zea and Btout and milling, 8s to Ss. 2d This wock a few hundred bags Now Zoaland havo been Bold by auction at 2s. Hld. to 8s. Id Tbo sales roporttd for the month amount to 60,000 buBhcls. Somo Importers, dissatisfied with ruling rates, havo been storing of lato for a botter market Maltlrg barley bas also boon neglected, and tbo Ïilco has hilen to 4s. Bd A ehlpmont of 11000 usl aol Now Zealand was dlspoBod of a fortnight ago at ia. 7id or tboreabouts, but tho markot is In a most uneatlsfacti ry position Foodlng barloy has boon selling at 8s. to 8s 4d Malro has improved, rising from 8s. Od in the beginning of the month to as. and Ss. lid. at a later period, a figure which la now asked for trade parcels, but the markot closes vory weak. Brou has ruled at Is, Id , pollard realising IS. Id to Is. fid Victorian oatmeal hat boen moving at £52, and Victorian pearl barley at £21 to £22. Furniture -On the 30th ult. 280 casca o( Waltor Heywoods Chair Companys American chairs were sold publicly at tbo following prices -Childs fairrh O a oak brought 4s. 01, childs low O & oak, 8s lOd. common wood rocking, 8s. 3d common cano rocking, Os Od bent top wood, 8s 3d to 8s Id nurse rocking, Os. to Os. 3d., bent top wood olñoe, Cs. Douglass office oak, Os. to 6s. 3d , Douglass ofllco rotary oak, 16s., Union dining oak, 5s. Floreoco dining, short posts, Ol., crown top dining oak, Os 3d. Gunpowder -Blasting powder has not excited much attention No Inquiry has beon experienced beyond supplying trado requirements, and"prtoos Bhow llttlo or no alteration Ball s bas boen movlr g off Btoadtly at Old Stocks of Kamos in first hands havo beon trlfllr g, wo havo not therefore, hoard of mach butinées 1 avirig been done In tho brand wo quoto Od Curtis and Qarvof e bas for somo time past been rlrtng Into favour Sales have been making at 01, ard prosent etocks have boen cleared out at that Other brands rango from CJd. to 5Jd TJopr - Business has beon complo-oly at a stand Btlll No Inquiry has boon experienced all tho month for parcels, and for actual requirements tho domand has been quite as trifling The largor buyers may well bo expected not to operate until tho saison Is further adv ai cod, but we ha\ o Boldorn seen Buch au utter Btag nation in tbo trado demand as cxporionced at prcsont Ut der tho clrcumBtanccs quotations aro in a moasuro nominal, and though homo advlcc&just; to hand report a scarcity of fine hops and on advanco on thcBo ot 10s. to 12s., our own market has in no dogroe sym patblBcd therewith Eont hops aro quoted at Is öd. to Is 7d for best and Is 3d to Is 6d for common to medium. Tasmanian have been llttlo dealt In, we quote from Is 3d to Is Od. and Is. 7d Really fino Lavarían havo hod somo notice , a short timo ago tho market v, as cleared out at Is. 7d to la. Od , but lately a shipment ol 100 cases arrived, and Bales hate boou making Blnco at equal to quotation, an offer mado by ono buyer for the ontlro lot being refused. Malt-Wo noto a vory dull markot, and salos aro limited to supplying trade wanta at 10s. Od to 10s. Od. Metals havo shown llttlo activity as a rule and woro it not for the special demand for galvanised iron which has characterised the trade ol the month, we ehoald havo had a poor report to give Pig iron showed at ono time an Improving tendoncy, and holders endeavoured to establish a Blight advance but have not as yet succeeded , £1 159 has been offered for largo lints but refuted, £4 17s Od being oekod wo can, howovor, Bcarcoly quoto oven the first-named figuro Trade parcels have been quitted at £5 to £5 2s. Od., and oven £5 5s. has boon mado for No 1 Qartshorrio. Oalvanlsod Iron has boon iargel) dealt in At ono timo an Increased domand sprang up and Invoices on tbo spot and to arrlvo, woro cloared off in ono week to tbo oxtent of 200 tons at £29 15s and £80 for Orb brand, 20 gaugo £2810s being ro quired for ordinary English brands, same {.ango At auction on Tuesday the 20th ult, ox Thossalus, damaged, 80 coses Henley a galvanised co rugated Iron 20 gaugo, realised not cash as follows -For Sit, £25 per ton Oft. and 7ft., £27 to £31 do , 8ft £25 10s do Sit, £27 108. do On tho 2Jrd furthsr silos of Hcnlo; s iron woro reported, 40 casca ox Trow bridge wore sold at £20 los. to £31 On Wodnosday, tho 28th, ox Auriga, 25 cases Walkoi s throo-orown galvanised corrugated Iron, 20 gaugo ML to Ott, £30 5s per ton, 8 cases Walker s galvanised corrugated iron, 28 gauge, also brought £31 to £33 10s do , 2 cases Lysaghts Orb do, £30 do , 8 coses Brobys do, £20 do On the 4th inst, ox Renown and Lord Warden, 8 caces Oit, £6 gaugo, Morewoods lion brand O O Iron £28 per ton, S caeos, 5ft, 23 gauge, gospel oak O O iron, brought £20 per ton, 8 cases, Oft,, do , £276s. do., also, 1 case, Eft., Honloys, O O Iron, sold nt £25 10a. per ton, 1 owo, Bit», £25 do , 2 catos, 7ft, do, £26 10s do ; 10 cases. 8ft do, £25 12s 6d to £25 7s. 0d do , 8 casoB ölt,, do, £29 do, all faults, not cash. Bar and rod Iron has been qulot at our quotation of £11 to £12 Sheet iron has maintained a steady rato of £14 for assortments of Nos. 8 to l8 whllo Nos. 20 to 20 realise £17 Plate Iron is dull at £11 to £12. Hoop Iron Is without Inquiry, wo quoto £12 to £12 10a. Fencing wiro has been In fair request but prices aro a shade easier No 8 alone has been sold in 60 ton jarréis at £18 and for assortments of 0 7 and 8 tho quotation nae stootl al ¿Ï3, ¿1?, ana £l8 and ovoo 6s. less Sheet load has been steady at £28 whllo shot baa boen disposed of at £42 10s. to £43 Tinplatos attract llttlo attention, for good assortments we quoto 10 per cent on Invoice Muntz metal is worth 9d per lb, but there is llttlo doing Business In Ewbank a nails has beon reported at 15 per cent on list price American nails are quoted at 16s., and French nalia are offering at 23s. In American hardware thero Is a moderate business doing Sales of Colllns's and Sharpe a heavy axes are mentioned at 70s. Oolllns'a heavy picks aro quoted at 63s. Ames s Bbovols oro selling at 00s. Day IBU. shovels, 841n to 38ln , bring 40s , othor makers' same size command 40s. Holloware ia wanted at 17J per cent off list and sales aro making at the price Oils -As we were closing last mall we reported a large business In Diamond koroBono oil, but for tho groatcr part of tho present month llttlo has boon done, hu) ors being disinclined to give tho Improved rate domnnded ter tills brand, aayls.4d At ono time, n orcovcr, tho markot had nearly Bufforod a relapso, through the carelessnowj of speculators In allowing 600 cases to be sold by auction at Is 2jd. Holders 1 m o tinco however, refused to ecll at anything like tho prlco, and last week succeeded in quitting 1 000 casca at a slight concession on Is. 4d. Tho Favorita has arrived Blnco we last wroto, with a considerable shipment of De* oo s and this brand being vory scarco, sales bavob cn making at Is 5}d for shlpmout in tho bay as well as for delivory In bond In town. Nearly 4,000 casca bavo thus changed handa at our quo- tations, For othor brands wo quoto la. Sd to la Sèd Advicoa from Now Vork to 18th May havo been favourable, 16 000 cases only being advised for all the colonies, of which but 4 000 cases aro tor Melbourne Castor oil bos boou moving for trade purposes at Sa 2d to 3s 3d., duty paid, and in quin tlty 2b. 7Jd in bond has been got Linseed oil has 1mm n sold at 3s 8d for drums and 8s 7d. In bulk Colza is dull, holders ask 4s Gd, In drums and 4a In cask Olivo 1b saleable at 5s. for drums, botng a re- duction on lato ratea lu bulk 4b Gd. would now bs Ukin Chinese oil brings 8s. Od. In polar thero Is uothirg whatover doing Oilmen a Stores have been dovold of animation, and no busiotss whatever has been reported boiond Buppliing the morest trado wants No Invoices lui o been inquired for, hut most of tho silos roported have reached us through the auction room Quotations show very llttlo change. Pickles bave boen going off at 8s. Od. to 0s od , and 10s to 12s. Od , according to brand Bottled fruits havo boen movlug quietly at 12b. for assorted, andl3s f r black currant Salad oils In quarts are now got rid of at 10s. to 22b and 24s. Pinlfi aro disposed of at 10s. Sd and 12s. Od while half pints bring 5s. Od and 7s. Od. Castor oil In pints commands Da., and for half pints holdors aocopt 4s Od to 5s. Sauces hrlngCs to 12a. Capera aro quoted at 6s and 7s. Colmau a mustard lu 71b tins bringB Sr) to 8Jd , lib. tins aro disposed of at 10*. 8d , and half pound tins sell at 5s Od Eoen s D S F mustard is got rid of at 17s. Od and 0s Gd for pound and half pound tins. White starch la quitted at Od Blue starch realities Cid Thumb-bluo finds buj ora at lid Sago Is going off at 2Jd , and macuonl and vermicelli are quoted at Sid. overhead. Poppers aro without chango. White Is moving oil In retail parcels at 9d , and black Is got rid of at Od Provisions -A moderate business bos boen done. Victoriau-curod butter has beon scarco and still higher ratcB bato boen realised this month, tho price having been run up to is. 4d to is Gd this neck Vlotorlau chcoeo has had a fair inquiry, and sales of good to Uno havo been making at Od to lOjd Victorian cured bacon has I con quitted at 8Jd to Did Hams have i ot been much inquired tor For Victorian, lOJd to 11 }d and Is. may be quoted. Quicksilver boa not had much attention. Trado eales, to which business In the artlolo Isalmost ontlrol? confined, have beon making nt 8s and 3s. Id. For parcels, howovor, aa low as 2s Od lins boon takon. Bice -Thero has been llttlo doing In Patna rice during tho mor th now cloecd, tbo action of holdors consequent on loot month s oporatlonB in raising tho prlco having had tho effect of limiting salos, buyers not being disposed to pay tho advanco roqulred until lorcod to purchase. Nevertheless tho markot Ia vory firm , tho minimum prlco for anj qaantltj is flxod at £10 in bond though holders of early arrivals roluso to quoto under £17 Duty paid lots aro offorod at £10 10s to £20 10s. BuBlncsB In dressed rice has boon very slow Tho mlllora report a modorato trado do mand at £20 109 for Java dressed Bongoon dressed Is moving at £10 and Bankok at £17 10s Salt-Owing to tho want of largo buyora to give support and stability to tho markot Uro utmost de Ereselon has provallcd No business has beon dono y Importers, save through tho auction roomB, and a continuous declino baa been recorded throughout Values, however, now appear to havo soon their lou est but tbo ratea obtained aro far from satlslaotory The DrBt week ol tho month Llvorpool coarso was sold by auction at 07s. Od, and fine at 00s, tho nock following COS was token for coarse, and 64a. for Uno Last week 06s was accoptod for 00 tons coarso and 76s. was takon for fino stored This week 06s. and 06a. respectively for coarse and ordinary Quo was got Sevoral conBlgnmonts havo como forward, but bovond tho business referred to, nothing elso bas transpired Shipments advised this d all amount to 1 220 tonB, and being heavy, may be t) o moans for a timo of retarding an lmprovornont Meantime, ordinary routlno sales aro making nt 07s Od to 70s. for coarso and fino, and 87s. Gd lBroqulrod for uno London sieved Statis.-Thero Is no chango In values to report, a very fair trado domand has beon expononced at unattcre 1 rates, and In addition tbo trado of tho month chows that Invoices on tho spot mid lo arrlvo 1 a\ o been takon up to the oxtont ot 300 COO, a cir cumstanco which has had tho effect of greatly steady lr g tho market Sblpmor ta advised aro up to require monts. Arrivals for tho month amount to 90 000 QuototioriB aro unaltered at £18 10s to £19 tor 21* 12 £1010e to £17 for 22 x12, and £14103 to £16 for 201.10 Sr gar -OporatlonB In this Btnplo baie beon strictly confined to Bupplvine, tra lo rcquiroinoutfl ho Bpocu lattvo biiBli ess whatever has boon attotnptod to bo earned through, and In tho business reported \ Icto rlan refined descriptions hare mot with conBidorablo attention A fair Inquiry has llkowlso boon oiporloncod foroiauritluB descriptions Victorianrotlnodlnvo boon disposed of In trade parcels to tho exteut of 1 000 ton nt prlccB ranging from £80 to £30, prosontlng th markot in the Birno aspect as last month Maurltiu sorts having como forward moro frooly an! an Im prov od trado has beon dono. Two cargóos-tho Wild Wavofl nud tho Eudora a-dropped in via Adolaldo In ncidltl n to what has arrived dlroot Buslnosi for tho month opened by tho Balo on Tuesday, tho 18th ult, of 1 035 bags Mauritius, when low yollowoountor I roiiijit £20 5s to £28 6s, and rations £22 6s to £24 1 615 1 sRB Bourbon sugars woro at samo tlino Bold at £20 10s to £"4 10e for rations and £24 15s to £20 loo for counter». Ou Friday tholOth, tbo cargo otlho Nelllo al Blade was offered, 4 850 bagB woro got rid ol vtlien rations brouRht 23s. to 23s Cd , low yollows, 24s Od medium, 20s to 27s Od, good 289 to 20s. Od Hilo, 80s to 8lB Gd finest do, S»s Od low yellow crystals, 291. Gd medium, 80s. Od., good do , 31s. 3d , Bolt groy counters, B2s Gd At this I orlod tho Bblpmonts referred to abovo roachod tho las, and tho markot must havo boon Injuriously BlTcitcd, wero It not that tho cargoes woro con Bignell to ono firm, who at oi co detormlrrod to Btore and thoy havo alnco boon kopt off tho markot On TucBday, tho 20th, at auction, 1 600 mats Java wore cleared off at £30 for grcvlsh counters, mid £28 IDs for medium counters, 1 312 mata and pockots Fiji grown woro quitted at samo timo at £21 10s to £21 16b for low rations, £»6 6s for brown £28 6B to £2810s for low middling yellows, and £29 5s for grainy yellows. Whlto Mauritius counters sold at £35 ard low brow Ing cn étais at £2315s to £29 On lhureday, Uro 23rd, tho cargo of tho Irazu was i tiered by auction »hon about half tho ship- ment fotnd buyers In the room 2 558 bags and pockets wore sold, when mialling white cryatalB brought £38 10a to £31 10s. groy crystals, £38, brewing crjstals, £32 to £32101 ond low brewing £3010s Fine couutors sold at £S115s to £3210s, grainy yollows, at £30 6b to £80 16s , and rations, at £28 6s to £23 10» During the Bamo woek tho busl neea reported privately amounted to 8 000 bags, a con- Bidorablo portion being for export Last woek thora waa little business done, about 2,000 bags disposed of firivately being tho outside. On Tuesday, the 4th Inst, he bataneo of tbo Iraru o cargo, amounting to 8,800 bogs Mauritius, was submitted to competition, but from tho box only 1,035 bags wen quitted at 81a. 64. for vrbito crye als, 82a. to 32s. Gd. for grey crystals, 81s to 818 6d for Uno counters, and 80s for yellow counters. Afterwards, howovor, the remainder of tlio shlpm nt was tftkon by one buyer in tho courso of tbo Bamo afternoon, on terms withheld. Damagod was Ecld at 20* 8d to 81s 3d 620 mats and pockets FIJI grown sold at 28» Gd to 20s. Cd for yollovv counters, and 22a. to 23s Gd. for rations Tea.-A fair amount of business has beon transacted during tbo month Congous of tho old season havo boen freely offered, and tbo finer grades havo boen selling Irregularly Low to common kinds havo not been Inquired for, and romain dull of salo, ospoctall) brokon and red loaf sorts , tho principal bu^lnoss has been in medium qualities ranging from Is Id. to Is. d A small chop of Sarvounos arrivod the latter ud of last month, and havo been partly sold up to is , tbo balanco will bo Bubmlttcel to auction this week. Tho arrivals havo been - Brisbvno fr m Foo-chow, Juno 20,1 000 pockagce, Mator, from Jav a, Juno 22, 212 packages. Timber -Transactions aro Billi exceedingly light, as holders continuo to refrain from pressing Bales, but though tho business dono haa not boon of much account, tho sales effected placo tho market in a very much Improved aspect, a coneldorablo ad vanco on most lines having boon cstabllBiud Bincowo «roto last In tho wool ondintr the loth ult no public sales at all woro reported Tho following vvock tho »lo privately was effected in ono line of 1,000,000ft, Baltic flooring, T and O Jin to ljln sizes, i at on advonco of 6 per cent on provlous Bales At auction, on Tuesday, the 20th ult., ox W A. Hoi comb, 400 000ft. Oregon timber Bold at £8 to £8 17s Gd per 1 COCft super ; 42 210 sawn laths, 4Jft, brought 20a por 1 000, 81,000 do , 4ft,, 23s to 22s. Gd do , 8 600 pickets. 4ift, £7 do , 000 do , 4ft, £6 do , ex S It Stetson, 027 do, 5ft., £7 lba do On Friday tho 23rd, ox Savonals, all fault«, 24,774 red and whlto deals and battons sold at from 6 8 lGd. to 41d per foot, 0x3; ox Vision, 10,210 pieces red battons, odd alzos, wera quilted at from i 0-lGd to 4Jd per foot, 0x3 Last weeks business was concentrated in tho auction oalo on Friday, tbo 80th ult-, whon (12,133ft. clear pino 2ln to71n,Bold at £10 6s. to £17108., 18 020ft T and O white pino, at £12 2s G1 64 10O Mt, spruce laths, at 23s. to 26s Gd., 20,000 4ft sptnuro pickets, at £4. 2s. Gd. to £4 6a., 1,073 \- doors, at» 13s 3d to 18a. Gd oach , ox Lady Franklin, S9,0i7ft, hewn junk kauri 16s. to 14a. Gd. por 100ft lineal, ix Z phjr, Now Zealand Westland whlto and red pino, 10x 0,8x8,12x7,14x6, 12-x 0,10 x 0, 8 x 0, 14 X 6, 12x6,10j»6, 8 x6,14x4, 12x4, 8x4, G x 4,12 X 8 11 X 8 10 X 8, 0 x 8, 8 x 8 0x3, 1 x 8, 11 x2* 26x2, 22x2, Sx 2, 0x2, 4x2, 3x2, 27x1, 26 X 1, 25 X 1 24 X 1, 20 X 1, l8 X 1, 10 X 1, 11 X 1, 12x1, 80 000ft. super realised 13a. 8d to 11s. Gd per 100ft super, 4,708ft 0 x J T and G , 8a. Od per 100ft lineal. YcBtorday tho ailes comprised 3G 76Sft clear pino, 2ln x Oin., quitted at £17 10a 44 000ft 1 and a flooring, sold at £12 5s being a s Ight improvement on previous rates, 10,000ft pitch pine, T and G , realised £11 6s. A cargo of kauri offered, all faults, brought 14s 3d., Oft palinga rea heed 21s Od. Tobacco«) bavo been moderately active In tho beginning of tho month a good demand was experi- enced for export, which latorly, howovor, fell off, and towards tho close an Improved local domand only was experienced, very little being then dono for export. Fine descriptions of tobaccocg bav o all along boen v ery scarce, and tho price for theso has advanced, hut tho quality of many pareóla of old stock which woro offered for sale during tho month proving inferior, the result turned out pjoBt unfavourable and uneatls factory to hold»-*, ino following business has beon report«' _on tho 14th ult, 212 packagos were submitted to public competition, of which only GO packages wcro sold. On Monday, the 10th. 168 packages, comprising half pounds, twist, and pockotploces, m damaged condition, wcro offered the who o of which found buyors at prices ranging from Od to 13d. On Friday 218 packages of Chlldroys goods woro disposed of at prices ranging from 9d to Is. Old for sound, while faulty lots of twist vory much damagod sold at 5|J to 73d. Lost wcok on Inquiry Bprang up for Camoron'a Two Seas and Navy tons, and boing scarco holders oil vanced their price to la OJd to Is. 7id. Twists also carne urotnlnontly Into notico, GO cases of St Andrew b «ero 'tahiti lip "V 6B8 Drjyer, Und tho importers now refuse to quote. A Bbipmontot 80 half llóreos Shcllard s was also placed in ono line. 100 packages Queen of the Seas, and 60 pae.kac.eB Black Swan woro likewleo omong the sales reported Tho market r as piuco presented an improving tendency, though no further special business has transpired. Our dates from ¿vow Yoik roach to 13th Uay Tho shlpmonta advised for tho colonies aro 030 packages for Mol bourno, and 324 tor how Zealand , tboso advised vii England to Molbourno amount to only 00,7611b Ma nilla clgara having boon auddonly fouud to bo somo what scarco, bavo Improved in value Eighteen coses, formli g a portion of a shipment lately arrived, wcro last week taken up on prlvato terms, and wo learn that cheroots aro now hold for 68s, whllo for Havannah shapo 60a Is roqulred. Our trade quotations arc;-Low and common tona, 8d to lOJd , medium to good, Is. to Is. 61, and Oimeron s best tons aro quoted at la Old to la 7td-, navies good to medium rango from Is to li Od , and best roliie Is 8d , common to good twists rulo at Is to Is. SJd , Shollara's is offoriug at Is BJd ; Black 8wan at lOJd , St Andrew*!) at lSJd to lOJd ; Riven, no sound packages, cases bring lOJd ; Ormond s Swiss clgarBaro worth 85s.; Manilla cheroots aro quoted at 68*., and cigars at 60s in quantity German com- mand 868 to 60s , fino Hamburg mado bring 70s. to 200s., Havannah rcahso £12 10s. upwards. Wines and Spirits-Wines havo had a moderato trado inquiry, but nothing moro Shorrlca havo boon moving In Buch parcols at £20 to £30, £40 to £50, £00 to £68 ai d £70, whllo ports havo boen sold lo similar lots nt £26 to £35, £38 to £46, £50 to £55 and £60 to £70 and £85, with sales likowiso at Inter mediate figures Champagnes havo boen going off at 30s to 403., and 65s to 75s., whllo up to 85s. to 005 Is required for best brandB MoBolles bavo been Belling at 60b to 66* Brandies have boon but little dealt in, and we havo no improvement in valuo to report, notwithstanding that adv leos this mall, it thoy could bo relied on, havo been of moBtoxtraordinary import ance All tho Cognac advices for May that wo havo seen roport tho total loss ot tho years vintago through tho damu^o that tho viuoa havo Buffered from tho frost Tills howovor, has not been conflimod by our English correspond euee, nor by lato telegrams to Qallo, buyors have thercforo operated moBt sparingly, and as yet no fm I resslon whatever has boon produced on tbo market We reported a sale of 20 hilda and 40 quarters Hea ncEG) s 1876 at 7s Gd previous to the mall's arrival, and Iho or ly business dono BUbsoquontly waa tho quittance of a Uno of 10 bhds. and 40 quarters lion, nest) a, sold at 7s Od A Bhlpmont of Konault s was placed ot 5s Od. A parcel of Prunier brandy was quilted at 4a. lOJd., and a Uno of Bacot brandy was dkpostd of at Ci 3d 10 hhds and SOO quarteiB O.V P, the first arrival of 1875 via tago, were also cleared off to land at Gi. Quota- tions SB a rulo Bhow no change HenncBBy's 75 vintago brings 7s. Od , for 1874 wo quote 7s Od Mar toll s 1874 palo and dark Is aalcablo at 7s. 3d, while tor 1872 7b. Od is wanted. Denis Mounlos is dlsposod of at 7s. to 7b. 8(1. Otards is quoted at 6s Od. to 7s. Marett'B ruled at 0s. to 0? 3d OVP ia Belling at Gs Bisquit Dubouchos is valued at up to Gb. Bales of La Grand Marque aro making at 6a lid to OS., according to quantity. Jules Bobin and Co s la worth 6a Od Clozcau s Ib offored at 5s. Gd to 5s. Od Associated Vineyard is saleable at 5a to 6s 3d , and Central Vineyard can bo bought at 5a. Case brandlos, luatoad of being Armor, havo rathor been the reveno, the price having qocltned this week to 80s. Gd on the spot, and wo believe holders, to arrlvo, hava been offering to sell at 80s. Borne (ilstanco off Denis Mounlos la Baleablo at 28s. Martoll's can be bought at 27b For Otard, wo quote 24b to 24s Od. Marett'e Is offering at 23s , and for other brands quotations rango from 17s to 22s Bimi, 10 per cent op., has advanced. Best brands Lemon Bart nnd B W P havo been sold at 3s. 6d , and to arrive Ss 7d haB lately been got For Lowndes B and Twiss and Browning s 33 3d. to 8s .IJd Is asked Tho scarcity of forolgn brands has brought QucenBland rum moro Into notico, and sates have bein making at up to 2s Gd Genova has been in Blow sale. JDKZ has boen going eil In trade lots at 18s. to 13s. Od for 15 and 20 bottles ; of late, however, 12a. Gd has boon accoptcd for tbo formor Key brand would not now sell over Ila and Ila Gd respectively Whisky Ia In fair request Baloa of Bolth, Boss, and Co's Cumpbel ton bavo been reported rocontly at 4s Od Wo quote from 4a Od to Gs Sd and 6s Od to 6>, according to ago aud brand Sir B- Burnett's old tom has beon going steadily at 18a MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORTS. Mctsrs. R. Golcbbrodou and Co roport - Wool -Tho saloB during tho month havo boen un important, tho total disposed of boing about 200 bales, consisting chiefly of oddmonts and country Bcourod Tho fellmongers havo experienced great difficulty In drying tholr wool, and receipts at tho warehouses, whether for Balo or Bhlpmont, havo, In consequonce, been smaller than l8 usual ovon at this timo of tho joor. Tho arrival of tho China on tho 24th ult placed us in poeseealon of our English advices to May 10, and of priced catalogues of tbo second serlos of colonial wool sales hold In London, terminating May G, from perusal of which wo gather that tho fall from the rates current in Fobruary of 10 to 16 per cont con llnucd ibrctic,hout tho Ecries , aud, with somo fluctua- tions this declino may bo said to represent tboavorago depreciation In tho valuo of all classes of Australian wools, ulthoue,h during tho lost fortulght tboro was a littlo moro auimatlon vvbon somo of our fluor wools wcro Bul mitte 1 The third Borles aro now progressing, but owiig to tbo interruption to direct telegraphic communie allon with Luropo, wo are without any In fommtiou iib to the courso of prices. So far the market Ima this year boen without any support of a merely S| eculatlvo charactor, tho trado having shown no dib| osltlon to extend tholr ordors bo) ond tho supply for mu cilialo requirements, but in thu hco uf such heavy arrivals (860,000 t alca bçlng oxpootcd), wo foar t would lo vain to oxpict any advanco in rates, unler-s the manufacturing trade has materially Im proved Atttntlon Ia alroady being dirrcted to the new clip, but Blicaring operations at tho oarly sheda on tho Upper Barling will bo consldorably delayed thla year, »b ow Ing to tho almost ontlro suspension of river navi- gation many of tho stations havo not yot received tbo ncciEEary supplies to onablo tbcm to commence aud tho riblng of tho rlvor IB now anxiously looked for Altl ough tho apprehonBlona of n sovoro drought whloh Crov ailed aomo timo ago havo happily boon allayod j a timely fall of rain, tbo quantity recoived boa nit been equal to requirements, and wo fear that tho want c1 feed for tbo young stock will bo sov eroly felt lu many pints Lambing is progressing eatl fsotemly lu somo d Billets whllo In others severo froats and insufficiency cf euitablo food havo told vory disastrously on the result On tho whola wo aro inclined lo think tho increaeo this yoar will bo uudor tho average Tho fo lowing voesols aro on tho borth, and vv ill probably cloar during tho vvook, vi/ -Agamomnon, with «lout 1200 bales, W G Russell, 000 laka Essex, 800 bales, and Ainjono, 1700 bains lho only shipment Is-Juno 20, Loch Tay, from Mol bomno to London, 440 halos Add to previous ahlp monis 300 112 balee Totvl, October 1,1876 to d-ito, SI 0 7011 olia , total Oele bur 1,1874, to July 12, 1876, 2011T22 balee. Incrcaso 4 210 bales l'rlcoa Current -artas}-Inferior, 6d to 8J , orelinary to averago, 8d to lOd , toed to superior, lOd to la Flooco, washed-Iiforior, la Id to la 3d, ordinary to avcrngo, IB 4d tola Gd , averago to good, 1b Gd to l8 bd superior, l8 10J to 2s Scourod-Inforlor, lOd tels 2d , ordinarv.lB 21 to Is 4d , middlingto good la 4d to Is 8d , suporior In 8d to la lid Tallow -Wo havo to roport a brisk domand for this produce, both ehlnpcni and local rranufacturorscom pctlng woll for all tho lots nuhmlttod During tbo rnctttn wo havo disposed of 870 casks at an advance of fully £1 per ton on lato quotations, tbo principal causo of tho Improved valuo boing the short supply offering Wo quote-Mutton, £31 to £30 , beef, £32 to £34 10s.; mixed, £27 to £31. At our last Tues day s solo Bovoral lots otjauperlor mutton realised £30 16a por ton, fob. Iho only Bhlpmont to London la Stjfj casks por lach T-y, but there are several vessels now loading with tallow on boord. The rate of freight to London Is 36s. per ton. Sheepskins.-In the absence of news respecting the state of tho English wool markot thero Is no altera- tion In value. Wo have sold a full supply at tho followirg quotations, viz.:-Butchers' skins, 8s. to 59 each ; crossbreds, up to Os. each ; and station skins, Sd. to Gd. per lb. Hides.-This markot continues to bo somewhat de- pressed, and we And it difficult to effect sales at late rates. Ox hides oro worth 21s. to 32s. Gd. each ; cow hldco, 14s. to 20s. each ; wot salted, 33d. to 4jd. por ib.; calfskins aro worth 5xd. to Gd. per lb. Kangaroo skinB aro in fair demand at a slight ad vsnooon lost month's prices, lroavy skina being par- ticularly inquired for. Our sales aro-Largo sizes rrp to Is. 2d. per lb.; medium. 8d. to Is; and small, 6d. to Sd. per lb. Preserved Meats.-Owing to tho Inadequate supplies of ehecp coming forward, and tho generally irrforlor condition of samo, all our local companies havo sus pended manufacturing, operations for tho prcsont Somo of tho wholesale butchers aro working morely to carry out oxlsting contracts. Tbo only shipment Is 0,673 cotes per Loch Tay. Messrs. HAfmnos CuNixonA.« and Co. report : *' Wool.-One- or two small sales only wero hold during the past? month, and tho transactions v. oro ou a very limited soalo ; tho lots also woro of Inferior description, and tho prices obtained aro consoqitoutly of llttlo or no significance as quotations of current valuó, but tbo general tone of tho markot Is unques- tionably weaker, and tho provalent feeling Is that a further decline may be looked for upon tho resump- tion of telegraphic communication, whon wo shall ho placed in possession of roports from London of the series of eales now In progress. We regret that our up-country advices aro not favourablo for pastoral Interests, nor aro thoy such as to oncourago oxpeota tiona of a good season. Tho insufficient supply of ralu and tho contlnuod Buccesaion of frosty nights operating much againBt the growth and thriving of stock, wo have as yet no doQnlto [roports of the resulta of lambing, but under tho adverso circumstances mentioned a return considerably below tho average can only bo looked for. The only ship cleared from Hobson's Bay for London with wool since tho dato of our laat circular ia Loch Tay, cleared Juno 20, with 449 bales ; previously re- ported, 292,180 balee ; for Amorto, 6,032 halos ; for Antwerp, 2,414 bales ; total exports 1st Ootobor, 1875, to Stli July, 1870, 300,031 baloo ; corresponding ported 1874-76, 205,705 bales ; 1873-74, 250,881 baloo ; 1872.73, 224,149 hales ; 1871-72, 210.185 bales ; 1870-71, 202,910 bales; 1809 70,200,880 bales; 180809, 211,402 bales ; 1607-08, 200,812 hales ; 1800-07, 102,911 bales. The i bips w. G. Bussell, Amyone, Agamemnon, and Etsex aro still on tho berth. Freight to London is }d. per lb. for all descriptions. EbcerBklns.-lho uneasy feeling experienced with regard to the prespects of tho wool market of coursa results in a Blackncsa of compotttlon at tho salos of ihlsproduco, which hoa again been subjected to a re- duction In value since our last report Butchers' skins now seldom rcallee over 5s. Bd. each for suporlor lots, end current quotations are at 2s. Gd. to 4s. ii. Dry skins aro much neglected, and best lots only are saleable up to 4b or 5Jd. per lb. Hides.-Green hides only attract competition, salted being difficult of nile al ratea barely equal to thoeo reported lu our last We aro Belling-Qreon ox, 26a. to 33s. oach ; cow, 15a to 23s. ; salted, Victorian, 3Jd. to 4d. por lb. ; New Zealand, to 4Cjd j calfskin, 6a. to Gd. per lb. Tallow.- We report a much moro activo market than at last (late, all descriptions selling freely at advanced rates. Tho following aro current values, viz.:-Mut- ton, £34 to £85 16b.; beof, £32 10S. to £84; mlxod, £30 to £33 10a. per ton. Kangaroo Skins.-A steady demand is experienced, and largo woll-uaved Bklns oro s)ih able up to lid. per lb. ; medium, 8d. to lid. Bark. -There is a full supply, and Inquiries are less nume- rous. Wattlo bark in lengths ia now selling at £3 to £317s. Gd. por ton ; ground, to £5 5a. por ton. Tho shipment« of this product tor tho month past amount to 7,880 baga." Misara J. H.-Cu)oon and Co, report !-" Wool. Since our last monthly report on tho 14th ult, por Sumatra, tbo interruption In tho direct telegraphic communication, through somo brcakago In tho cabio between Port Darwin and Bonjoowanglo, hal still con lluuod, and wo aro therefore only in rocolpt of advices from tho Londop markot by mail stonmoie, This Is tho moro felt as the sotioa of satos now progrosalug have commenced since the date of lost advices, and shippers, with an unsettled condition of tho markot, aro naturally moro than ordinarily anxious as to tho rerults. The continued depression in trado gonorally In Europe and America Is shown to be of & very aggra- vated character by tho extremely low rates at which [ good bills aro reported as being dono on iho London Stock Exchango, 1 per cent, and ovon lower rates outside, bavlug been accoptod. Thla augura but badly for tho present Borles of wool Balea, but boars out the remarks made In our circular ot tho 3rd November last, In which, in urging upon wool-growers the desirability of availing themsolves of tho facili- ties for realisation in this markot, wo said: ' In tbo foco of a falling markot In Europo, there ein be no doubt that thoBo growers who avail themselves of tho facilities which aro offorod In this markot for tho realisation of their clips are adopting a wiso and pru- dent course, for, with tho unsettled state of trado at homo, It Is impOEsiblo to form any reilabto opinion as to when a rally In prices may take place, and before present sblpmonts can arrive at tho London sales, tho gradual decline may amount to a consldor-iblo por contago of tho value of tho wool. It Bhould bo borne in nilnd that, with tho increased and still-incroaslng production of wool, tho supply scorns likely to bo overrunning tho demand; and as tho marketable > aluo of wool, na of ever}' othor artlclo of raw material, appears to bo subject to a kind of ebb and flow in prices, tbcro la reason to apprehend that wo aro now about entering upon a ojcio of lowor rates, and that tbo tendency for somo time will continuo downward, till another turn of tbo tldo takes placo. Experience' of patt years justifies this belief, and points forcibly to the faet that thoso who fall to realtso orly can but sustain loss from tho lapso of time which muBt necessarily occur during transit' Occasional showore have tallon during tho month, but nothing approaching the quantity of rain has fallon up to tnlB timo in the northern districts necossary to Sivo tho required supply ol water to fill tho crooks, anís, aud tanks cn tho stations and to causo tho rivers to flow, and some anxiety is felt as to the supply of tbo vital element coming beforo tho winter pasees by. Tho frosts havo in some parts boen vory severe, retarding tho growth of the young grass ; and tho stock, especially cattle, oro as a rulo not in so good a condition as could be doslred. The lambing, also, will provo by no mcanB up to tho gonoral avorego, aud con- sumers may expect a consldorablo proportion of tho ensuing clip to bo not equal to that of formor seasons, either lu lengtb, strength, or quantity. Slnco our lost report only about 200 bales of wool have changed hands lu thlBmarket »t prices willoh, though showing a reduction on late rates, may be considered very fair, having regard to tho unsatisfactory condition of tho homo markotB. Aa so very email a qnautity la now offering wo abstain from quotations, as bolng ot little value as any Index of the markot. During tho past month tho only clearances havo boon tbo Loch Tay, with 433 bales on board. Pro. vious clearances from 1st October, 1875, 297 875 , bales. Total Bhlpments to date, 298,828 bales. Tho Agamomnon and W. O. Bussell, montlonod in our last, havo about complotod thoir loading, but havo not yet Balled. Tho Essex will also cloirln a few dnvB. Stations.-Tho Inquiries for this description of Investment still continuo. Tho fall In tho valuo of wool In thohomomarkets han, howovor, had tho effect of making buyors look for a similar reduction in price, which vondors havo reluctanco in mooting, and trans- actions pending havo boon kept ovor, which wo trust mutual concessions may bring about Our list of stations for salo, as advertised in our circular, ebowa como vory dcslrablo propel Iles now In tho market, which aro worthy tho attontion of intending invostora. Wo have bad Borne Inquiry on behalf of English capl taltBlB, which wo hopo will result In BaloB bolng effected. That English capital at its present abnormally low vnluo should bo scoklng lnvostment hero is by no means eurprlBlng, and na there Is probably no kind of Investment which offers so groat a degroo of security with such largo returns, wo should not bo at all sur- prised if numerous and extensive purchases be offoctod beforo shearing comos round, on Europoan account Tho following boIcb havo recently takon placo: Northampton Downs Btatlon, with 33 000 shoop, at21s. per head, cattlo at £9 ; tho Dungalear station, with 7,000 head of cattle, for £50,000 ; tho Ruroko station, with nearly G.OOOhead of cittlo, at £7 4s. por head; the Condobolin Btatlon, with 30,000 ehonp, prlco not named ; and tho Caupaul station, with 10,000 shoop, prlco likowlso not disclosed. Sheepskins.-Our usual salts of tho month havo been fully attended, and wo havo disposed of a large supply of green and dry de- scriptions ; prices, howovor, havo dccllnod sluco our last niouth's report and present quotations aro-For groan tklne, 8s. to 4s. Gd. and up to 05. each ; for crossbreds dry skins, Is. Od. to 4b oach ; and Btatlon skins, 3d. to Od. por lb. Hides.-Wo havo had a full supply for- ward during tho month, and prices show b further decline. Prcsont quotations aro-For green ox, 21s to 84s ; cow. 15e. to 21s. oach ; Victorian Baited, 8Jd. to40 ¡NowZealand, 4Jd. to4Jd.;kip, 4jd. to5d.;and calfskins, 5d. to Gd. per lb. Tallow.-During tho month the markot lina been firm at an advanco upon last month's quotations. Tho supply not bolng largo, our salea havo boon-For inforior, £25 to £29 ; mixed, £80 to £33 10i ; bocf, £30 to £3810s.; mitton, £33 to £36 10s. por ton. Tho only clcaranco baa been por Loch Tay, 285 casks, leather.-We havo hold our usual wookiy Baloa, and by auction and privately wo havo sold an avorago supply of most descriptions, as follows, viz.:-Crop, Ojo. tolOJd.; kip, Is. Od. to 1b. 10d.; runnora, l8. lOd. to2e. 4d ; calf, 2s. to8s Od.; wallaby, 2e. to 2s. Od.; waxed kmgaruo, le. 9d. to 2s. 4d.; brown kangaroo, Is. 8d. to 2a. ; and harness, l8 jil. to 16d. per lb ; ' and basils, 5s. to 10s. por dozon. Tho cloarauco during tho month has been 300 bolea por Loch Tay. Kangaroo eklus.-Wo havo dlspoBed of an avorago supply at for email elzoa. 7d. to 8d. ; medium. 0J. to 12d.; and largo skins, Is. to IB. 3d. nor lb. Mimosa Bark. During tho month wo hovo disposed of a large supply both for local ubo and shipment as follows:-Bundled, £315s. to £4 5s.; chopped, £415s. to £5 ; and ground, £0 to £010a. per ton, bags charged for. Tho only clcaiairco has beon por Loch Tay o( 4,492 bags." MONTHLY REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. During n consldorablo portion of tho past month tho mining market was characterised by great dulneis, as indeed Is generally tho cnîo at tho closo of tho bill- ycan Somo of tbo Blocks which bad previously boen most doalt In, especially tho Londonderry and its several tributes, woro pressed for Balo, and consldor- ablo reductions woro submitted to. The past week has, however, been marked by quito unusual activity; tho demand lins beon Bproad ovor a good number of com- panies, aud not restricted to any ono district, Walhalla, Clunes, and Ballarat sharing with Sandhurst in the general Improvement Among tho inlulng avonta of tbo month It la satisfactory to havo to record tho striking of the lode by tho Long Tunnel Company, Walhalla, in thoir No. 0 lovel, and tho gottlng of ri h Btono by tho Now Lothalr Company, Clunes. Par tlouloiB aro not yet to hand respecting Hlio Long Tunnel, hut tho moro fact of tho Btrlko bolng ripoitod cauBod a good domand for tbo thai ce, and higher prices woro at onco esta- blished. Walhalla also improved considerably. Tho Now Lothalr havo bad consldorablo Bpcculntlon on tiro strenritb of tho discovery In thoir mino. Tho Btono Is nt nODIt, from the Burfaco, 8ft,thick, and richlystuddod with gold. Prices roso rapidly, and noarly doubled thomee Ives In two dajB. Tho Now North Clunos Com- pany havo had nu Irregular markot, principally owing to Internal qunrrols, tho directors having roslgnod In consequonco of tho shareholders reversing their action aB to dltmlBinl ol tho secretarial manager. Clunes Consols aro about to roorgaulBO. At Ballarat, tho City ol Ballarat oro making good pro- gress, and sharon havo advanced. Tho Winter's Froo- hold havo improved a llttlo, owing to hotter washings. There was somo speculation in tbo Kgorton Company Bhnrca on the verdict of the jury In tho lato trial being given In the company's laveur, and considerably advanced prices woro paid, but top rates havo not boen since sustained ; lurthor litigation In the Equity Court Is still proceeding. Only a very modorato ox tent of business has boon transacted In Stawell com E antes. Newington and Extended Cross Boot havo ad most favour. The latter are paying good divi- dends; tho formor expect noon to cut tho root, and their progroia La anxiously watched. Crown Cross, United and Magdala dull of solo. At Sand- hurst the principal attention of dealers la stld gina to companies on tho Garden Gully Uno, tho continued good yields of several of tbo companies »ad the progress of others Booming fully to justify tho Breferwiee. As anticipated last month, the Gardea nlted has re-entered the dlvidond hat, and bids fair to bo dividend paying now for years to como. Thejr bavo paid Ga. daring the month, and close at advanced rato. Pandora havo about supported previous rates, allowing for dividends. Victory and Unity havo ad- vanced In value. Pioneer havo also improved. Sontfat of the United thcro has been a riso In Gardon Free- hold, Horwood'a, and |Soa Companies, whllo London- derry and Tributes, which, for a time, wcro pressed on tho markot at considerably roduced ratee, bavo again como into favour, and closo at largo advanco on last month'B pricca Tho oxtromo southern claims have bad some speculatlvo business, but nothing doûnlto bl yet reported from this ond, Tho Shenandoah Com S mice havo had littlo bu-incsa, and closo easier, ustlcr's, Johnson's, and Victoria linos continuo com- paratively neglected, and quotations nominal. The. Knglebawk companlcB also dull, except Catherina United, which havo boon In good request, aud closo at higher rates. Scarcely any transactions roportod la Dav leaford, Maldon, or Maryborough companies. Kurcka Consols, CaBtlemaluo, bavo had increased de- mand, Tho market for general investment stocks bas beon very firm. Transactions have been of moderato oxtcnt ; in nearly all cases at full provionB quotations, and in Bomo at slight advance Debentures have buv era at previous rates, and aro Ecarco All bank Bharts vory firm, and for Colonial and Victoria hlghoc prices havo been paid. Gas, insurance, und miscel- laneous companies havo had but little business, and for tho most part aro without alteration In quoted valuo. Tho mlnlog dlvldonds for tho four week» amount to £56,004 aa particularised bolow: Dobenturoa-Victoria Gororumont six per conti, havo had a Bteady though rallier limited Inquiry. Bonds duo 1886 changed hands at £105 and 0105 5s , and aro wanted at £106; 1883's woro placed at £104, and would bo taken at samo ; 1830'« nominal at £107 10a Ecllor ; do. four per cent, inscribed Btock wero obtainable early in tho month t £02, but havo slnco had buyers at this price without finding sellor. Melbourne aed Hobaon'a Bay United Ballway six per conta asked for-, bends ' 'caree. Talbotsblro Bix and o-lialf per cents, havo tellers at £101, with buyer nt £09. Western Aus. .ralla fivo per cents., duo 1003, bavo boen placed at £10010a Banka-Australasia aro nominal about £60 buyor. Colonial havo steadily Improved, shares channing bands from £7 2a Gd. to £7 Gs, and closing with be;era at £7 5s. Od., soller £7 6a Od. Commercial hav o been in fair demand, with Bales to a moderato ex- tent at £6 4s. and £5 4s Od., and close at £5 Gs. seller, £5 4a. bujer. City of Molbourno changed bauds at 88s., and closo seller at 60s ; 10a call paid. Land Mortgnge were in improved favour, and BharoB plaoed at 48b. to 60s., closing Boiler at 40a Gd., buyer 48i Gd. Natit no1, Molbourno register, had strong demand for the first two weeks, and placed at £7 17a to £7 171. Gd., but have been rather quiot latterly, and are ob- tainable at £7 17a, buyor £7 16a Adelaide roglstoc changed handB at £7 14s., and obtainable at £7 16a Queensland National wero Inquired for at £5 0a, and had seller at £5 14a Now South Wales have boon placed at £6210B., and closo seller at £62, buyor £61 10s Now Zealand were asked for, and sold at £18 10s. to£1812a6d., closingvvith.soller at £18151. Oriental dealt In at £45 10a. and Bank of Van Diemen'«. Land at £50. Union In request, and would be taken at £6810a ; Bharcs scarce. Victoria bad moderate de- mand, and Bold at £6117a Cd. to £52, closing seller at latter. Gas -Ballarat In the market at £11 10a Bendigo havo seller at £0 12s., buyer £6 6s. Collingwood would havo found buyor at £7 12s. South Molbourno bad a limited business at 10s. Od., and close nominal at 17s. Cd. sellor, 16s. buyer. Molbourno would be taken at 76a Geelong placed at £510s. at auction, Mliccllan'ooua-Australian Alllanco had salo of ? Itiigo parcel at 48a, part cash and part terms. National changed hands at C9. 8d. to Ga aid., and close firm with buyor at former, Southern have had fair in- quiry, and sold at 10s. 8d. to 10a Od , closing at 10S. Sd, seller, Melbourne anti HocBou'eBsy United Rail- way would find buyor at £02 103., shares hold for £05. Tasmanian Steim Navigation Company changed banda at £18 2a. Od. Molbourno Omnibus Company nominal at 48a seller. Australasia Cool, paid-up, quitted at 10s., and offered at Ila. Opora-houEO Company had buyors at 778 6d., with teller at 62a Od. Theatre Boy al Proprietary were In the markot at £18. Mines.-Ballarat and other District«.-Count Bis- marck nominal at 28s. Ecllcr. City of Ballarat hare been In request, and made a largo rise lu valuo ; Bales from 80s. to 41a, closing at 38s. buyers, 80a sellera Clunes Consols carno into improved favour during the last week, and Improved from 8s. to 20s. closing at 2Sa buyer. Crown Croea United nominal at 80s. Boiler, 20a buyor, Duke and Timor dull, and offered at 6a Euroka Con- sols bad Increased demand, and Bold at 8s. Sd. to5aa but aro easier again, and offorcd at 4a 8d, buyer 8s. Od. Extended Cress Reef have been in tho market M £11)10«.; month's dividend, Oj. Egorton had a fitful demand early in the month, and dealt in at from 62e. Gd. to 85a, declining again, and finally closing nominal at 05s sollcr. Hope quito nominal at Gs. Eellcr. Long Tunnol have been In steady request, and made a good advanco ; shares placed at from £180 to £142, and wanted at £140, seller £142. Improved prospects reported lu No. 0 level ; month's dividend, £2 IO?. Long Tunnel Ex- tended placed at 17a Gd. to 20a, and had seller at 20a Magdala had moderate Inquiry, and cold at 80a to 86s, for double Ehare, but easier since, and quitted at 14s. Od. to 16a for singla terip, cloilng Biller at 16a, buyer 159. Newington ard Pleasant Creek woro quiot till towards closo, when they wero inquired for, and contributing shares charged hands at 34s. to 86s, closing Boiler at 86a ; E aid-up nominal, about 40s. New Black Horse had uycrs up to 13a, but closo quiot Now Lothair opened at 46a, and dcclinod to 38a, but hav« again been in strong demand, and prices very heavily advanced; sales from 40a up to 00a, easing at closo to 74s. sellor. Now North Clunes declined aud wero quilted down to £14, but have firmed again, and closo about £10 5a buyer, £17 sellor; dividend of 7a Od. paid. Now Koh-i noor would find buyer at 3a 2d., Bollor 3a OU Old Beehive nominal at 3s. seller, 2a buyor. Frinco Patrick bad a small business at 30a and 87a South Clunes wero In tho markot at £18, and liad buyer« at £17 ; dividend of 7a Gd. paid. Specimen-hill dull ol sale, eellors at 20a ; month's dlvldonds la. Sultan nominal at £12 10s. Bolter ; dividend of 7a Gd. paid. Walhalla would find buyer at £124, seller wide. Winter'« Freehold nominal at 03a seller. Sand- hurst -Acadia Catherine nominal about 12s ; Od. dividend paid. Burrowes'« Freehold Tributo ara obtainable at la lOd. Catherine Beef United havo beon gradually firming ; shares changed hands at 16a io 17s. Od., and wanted at 17a, sellor 17a G1. Central New Chum Tributo sold at 2f. 2d. to Is. 8d., and offered at latter, buyer Is. 5d. Duchess of Edin- burgh were placed at 2a. 6d., and cloeo about 2a 3d. ecller, 2s. Id. buyer. Garden Gully United have had grod demand throughout tho month ; sales at £6 0a to £6 Ila cumdlv.,andbotvvccn£68a and £6 Sa ox dlv., finally closing with buyer at £0 8)., seller £610s ; 6s. paid In dlvlaonds. Garden Gully Freehold havo ad- vanced from 6a to buyors at 7a, seller 7a Od. Golden Ago would find buyor at 2a Od. Golden Stroam Tributo opened with Btrong domand, and wera placed at 12a to 15a , but havo doolincd Blnco, and quitted down to Oa Gd , cloBlng a Blindo firmer, buyer 10a, Helier 10s. Gd. Gordon's Gardon dully Tributo were heavily depressed, and quittod at 4«. 2d. to 2s. Gd., but carno into favour again, and rose to Ga, closing at 6a. Od. buyor. Great Extondod Hustler's wore placed to a limited extent at 20a, closing dull ; la dividend paid. Ilor wcod'a Freehold havo buyers at 128. 04; month'« dividends, la per shara Johnsons Boot nominal at 40a seller, 85a buvir. Lazarus in fair request, with, sales nt 12a, closing about Ila Od. buyrr. Lamms No. 1 havo changed hands al 7s. lid. and 8s, and obtain- able at 8a 3d. Londonderry havo been in active do- mand. and made a largo advanco ; opeulug with Bald at £4410s. to £4012s. Gd., thoy declined aftorwards to £4010s, but quickly carno Into favour again, and have been sold up to £50, closlngat £4010a buyer, £5010a Ecllor. Londonderry Tribute rocododfrom 2s. 61.ox dir. to Is, Oil., hut rallied afterwards to 8a 2d , and oloso at 3s. Ecllor, 28. Od. buyor. North Old Chum dull of sale, Bellera at 10s. Od. North Shenandoah also neglected, and offered at 15s ; month's dlvldonds. Is. Ninth Gardon Gully aud Pnsabyo aro nominal, about 25a buvcr. Old Chum had Bellera at 0a, buyer 7a Pandora changed hands oirly at 88s Od. to 40a, and Blnco at 31«. Gd. to 37a, closing at 80s OJ. buyer, 87s. Gil. sellor ; dividci.elB for month, 3s Gd. Pioneer (Koch's) quitted at 23a to 23s. Gd , hut had soma demand afterwardB, willi buyor at 27a. Oil., easing, howovor, aud closing about 20a buyor, 28s sellor. Boyal Huallor's havo soliera at Sa Sea lud good demand, with sales at 4e. Gd. to 8«., cloatug at 7s. buyer, 7a Gd. teller. Slionnudoah have had a quiet maikot; Bales at 10a to 18a, and offorod at latter, bujer 17a, Is. Cd. paid In dividends. South Gardon Gully Tributo sold at 2s. 3d to 8s , and wanted at 2a Oil. Unity Improved and Bold from 21a Od. to 26«., but subsequently receded to 21b., finally closing at 23a bujor. Vletorj havo had a good oxtont of business at improved rates ; Eales rango from 80s. Od. to 45*. Od., closing with buyers at 42s, noller 43a; divi- dende for month 8a. Victory and Pandora Amalga- mated would find bu) era nt Ila Od , Boiler asking 12e. The mining dlvldonds declared during tho four weeks ending July 8 amount to £55,004 8s., of which £63 419 8a aro from quartz, and £2,475 from alluvial mining companies. Tho dividends in dutail aro oa follows:-ForIhevvoek ending Juno 17-Uacocourso, Haddon, la per 0,000th eharo, £800 ; Garden Gully United, Sandhurst, 4a per 81,130th, £0,227 4a; Vio toiy, Sandhurst, Is per 30,0001b, £1,60110s ; London- derry Tributo, Sandhurst, 0d. per 24,OO0th, £000 : PrinccBa Alice, SandhuiBt, Od. per 24,000th, £000; Horwood's Freehold, SandhuiBt, (k1, por 21,O00tb, £60O. For week ondlng Juno 24-Gunning'« Free- hold, Creswick, la. Od por 0,000th, £4DO; Rlohard eoii'b Western, Creswick, la. per 0,000th, £300; Pan dora, Sandhurst, 2e. Od. por 28,000lh, £3,600 ¡ Young Chum, Sandhurst, la por 20,O00th, £1,000; Golden Stream Tribute, Sandhurtt, Ib por 24,000th, £1,200; Shenandoah, Sandhurst, (k1, per 82,000th, £800; North Shenandoah, Sandhurst, Od. por 2l,000,b, £000 ; Contrai Oathorlno, Sanilhurst, £400 ; York and Durhum, Saiulhuiat, £600; Princesa Alex- andra, Sandhurst, 4d. per 21,000th, £100; El'on horougb, Saudhurst, (k1, per 2l,0O0tb, £600 ; Spcclmcn-hlll, Davleaford, Cd. por ïl,700th, £644; Now Nerlh Clunos, Uluuos, 7s Od. per 2,060th, £771. For vvcok ending Jul} 1-Carden Gully United, Sand- hurst, 2s. per Sl.lU'th, £3,113 12a ; Victory, Sand- hurst, 2a per 30,(i00th, £3,000 12a ; Great Extended Hiistler'r, Sandhurst, 1b per 28,0O0th, £1,400 ; Acadia Catherine SandhurBt, Od per 24,000ih, £000 ; Hor- wood's Frcohold, Sandhurst, Gd. por 21,000th, £O0O; Hacccoureo, Baildon, la por 0,000th, £300 ; Moro» Freehold, Ballarat, la Gd. per 3.000th, £226 ; North CroBB Hoof, Stowell, 10a. por 10.000th, £8,000; Now Dlmock'a, Ballarat, £1 por 48ili, £18 For week ending July 8-Exlondod Croîs Keof, Stawell, Oa per 11.2201 h, £3,800; Shenandoah, Sandhurst, la per 82,000th, £1,600 ; Pandora, BanMhurat, la. por 28 000th, £1,400; North Shenandoah, Sandhurst, Od. por 24,000th, £000 ; Bobo of fjonmark, Sandhurst, Od. por 24,000th, £000 ; Allia/,co, Sand- hurst (flnal), HU. per 21,C00ih, £125 ; Bp oolroon-hlll, Daylesford, Od. por 21,700th, £511 ; Op idon Stream, bcaredalo, 8a per ?,0O0th, £300 ; Crown OroB» United, btawoll.Cd. por 111,014th, £470 4a; launulng's Free- hold, Creswick, la. por 6,000th, £3TjO. Richardson"» Westotn, Creswick, 1b. per 0,000 ,h, £300; Long Tunnol, Stringor's Crook, 60s pr r 2 400th, £0,000 ; South Clunes, Clunes, 7s. 6d. por 4,000th, £1,500. The districts from which tho a' J0Va mining dividends woro derived rank as follow, in ordor of amounts dis- tributed, v|z.:-8andurst, £32,180 4a; Stringer"« Creek, £0,000; Creswick, £',,860 8mytho«dalo, £000; Pleasant Crook, £11,842 i" \ clunes, £2,871 ; Dayloa ford, £1,088; Ballarat, £,¡70.' v"mm"" ' . ' Tho total mining O'ponds for tho various mall porlodB tinco Janu»',T j, Btnnd thus:-Futir week« ending January 22, £50050; four weeks ondlng Feb- ruary 10 £67,ST,. tollr w00kB ending March l8, £01.760; four r,Mi,B ending April 15, £07.115; four weeks ending Msv ]8 £62,146; four wooks ending; Juno 10, £0» 000 ; four week« ondlng July 8. £55,004 Maklng ag-.oes total for tho year, to date, of £418,067, joported '0y public comphnle«, to which a conaldorabl» further Bum W0uld require to bo added tor privat« comp'.eulco, and for publlo companlea not roportod. 