GERMAN AND SCANDINAVIAN IMMIGRANTS Any one who has been resident in this part of the colony during the last fourteen or sixteen years knows full well, and will readily admit, that the Germans, with few exceptions, make excellent colonists. Our arrange ments for German immigration have always been defective; sufficient care has not been exercised in the selection ; the arrangements for conveying Ger man emigrants from the port of depar ture to Queensland have been so unsatisfactory that the people have been over-crowded, half-starved, and numbers killed off by typhoid fever and other diseases incident to want of cleanliness, sufficient breathing space, and an adequate supply of wholesome food. But with all these drawbacks the Germans who have been landed here have shaken down," in a remark- ably short time into good, sturdy, plodding, self-reliant settlers, occupying our waste lands and making them yield not only a subsistence, but something more. In other words, they have taken up land in ridiculously small quantities at first, and by sheer industry and economy have made the land keep them while they cleared and brought the whole of it into cul- tivation, and then have increased the area of their selections until now, on the Logan, the Albert, and other places in East and West Moreton, and the Downs, those who started with nothing except stout hearts and hearty bodies are in very comfort able circumstances. This is carry- ing out the true idea of coloniza tion. It is " settling " the country in the truest and best sense of the term. Next to the Germans the Irish have proved the best settlers as far as "re claiming the wilderness " is concerned, and we have sufficient British feeling to strongly wish to see this colony setted mainly by native born British sub jects. But we are dealing now more especially with the German element, and may say incidentally, that not the least agreeable feature in con nection therewith is the remarkable short time it takes a German, after getting a farm of his own here, to develop into a true and genuine British subject - readily to hold his own and maintain his rights against all and sundry who encroach or seem to do so. But our arrangements for German emigration are, if anything, rather more defective now than they were at the beginning, and it is with a view to call' attention to this matter, that we now notice it. We have before us the official report of Dr. Temple, the surgeon-superintendent of the ship Reichstag on her last voyage. It is a very' voluminous, but exhaustive and most interesting review of the whole question of German and Scan dinavian immigration, as well as an account of what happened on board the Reichstag during the voyage out. As this is the third voyage Dr. Temple has made in German emigrant ships for Queensland, he speaks with authority on the subject. The first point of importance referred to in his report is the inadvisability of having Germans and Scandinavians in the same vessel in any considerable numbers. In the Reichstag there were Germans, Danes, and Italians—the Germans and Danes being pretty equally divided in respect to numbers. Dr. TEMPLE reports that the Germans and Italians gave no trouble. They were peaceable, well disposed, "law - abiding " passengers. But the Danes were from Sleswig, and they were not only "inspired with a national hatred of the Germans," but they "were not backward in expressing this feeling whenever anything occurred which displeased them;" ' and " they have a dangerous habit of combination. Every trouble with a Dane is made a Danish question, and ever complaint of' a Dane is backed up by a number of noisy Danes, who insult the authorities of the ship." Moreover, Dr. Temple avers that these Sleswig-Danes are " extremely insolent, forward, ' and quarrelsome." This general statement is subsequently qualified in the report under notice, by a statement to the effect that the Danes from North Sleswig, and the married people, were very well-behaved, and well-conducted passengers. But the general conclusion is that life on board the Reichstag on her last voyage out was not a very comfortable one with these Danes. Nor was there wanting cause for much of the dissatisfaction manifested, apart altogether from national feeling and local prejudices. The victuals were short and of bad quality, and some of the agents who furnised emigrants seemed to have depended mainly on the Reformatories, Magdalen institutions, and gaols for making up the number of passengers required to fill the ship. So long as they obtain their " head-money," these German and Scandinavian sub agents do not seem to care who they send, and on the Danish side, Dr. Temple complains that "the Danes en courage their minor criminals to emigrate to Australia, New Zealand, and America." The Danish girls who came out in the Reichstag without friends or relations on board, seem, from this report, to have been all picked up from the streets. There cannot be any shadow of doubt that our arrange ments for a German immigration are very defective. 