NEWS BY THE MAIL.. The King of Sweden, who during the last week has been staying at Ohbriatiania to attend the opening of the Norwegian Chambers, paida visit on Febroary 16 to the Christiania Skating-rink. His Majesty joined the ekaters, being an experienced skater, but unfortu nately the King's seate stuok is a orack in the ice, and his Maejesty was thrown with great violence on his back, the ftall being so severe as to cause a copious bleeding. Great consterriaticn naturally seized the other sketere, and the King was speedily raised and carried home to the palace; and it is hoped, as his Majesty weeas able during the course of the evening to transact business with his Ministers, that the accident will have no seriout consequences. At Natal Captain M'Leod was committed for trial, on January 18, charged with murdering a coolie. Captain M"Leod belonged to the 42nd Highlanders, and had been appointed Protector of Immigrants at Natal. His nosdeers allege that while drunk he ad dresned improper remarks to native women, and, on being remonstrated with by the doecased, he drew his revolver, and shot him dead. Captain M'Leod, how ever, prodnoeed evidence of his sobriety, and seserts that the coolies misunderstood and threatened him, and that while showing them he was prepared for defence his revolver accidentally went oIL He was allowed bail. Prince William of Prussia, who has recently entered upon his new duties as a regimental officer in the let Foot Gnards at Potedam, has already, it is stated, conquered thehearts of all his comrades by his affable and amiable manners. He is exemplary in his attend ance to hie duties. He is an searly riser, and always among the first on the drill-ground. On duty he is assiduous and conscientious; off duty he divides hie time between ecientifle otudies and friendly intereourse .ith his comrades. It is stated thlat in a few days the Com.missariat General of the Paris E?bibition will be in a position to present a table showing the applications for admi sion to the exhibitnon of 1878. At present they amount to over 23,000 for France alone, and that lgure does not include Algeria or the colonies. There are severalimportant brhanchees of industry and art not included in the return-for ceomple, those of painting, architecture, and engraving. Many possessors of objects of art and curiosities, as well as those interested in the anthropological sciences and antiquities, will contribute vatluable subjeels. To these must be added the matterb for exhibition in the departments of pisoi eullure and agriculture, and the specimens of live animals. In all the number of requests to exhibit from France alone reaches about 30,000 or 11,000 more than in 1867, so that everything promises well for the crest evenrt whlch the French nation believes will take pnlace, notwithstanding the rumours of war. Tho WIiekfall Review learns from St. Petershburg that Madame hdelias Patti has, as nusual, had en thaLiastic receptions in the Czar's capital. At a supper giren in her honour she was presented with ajewel, aonsistine of a flyine bird composed of diamonds, for the coiff?ee. The little bird cost £900. According to the same authority Madame Christine Nilsson is apgoin in Vienna, where she will siog in " Lohengrin." The tenor Herr Wachtel is now in Berlin. A large and splendid university building is to be ereoted at Strasbhurg at thie cost of 10,500,000 marks, of which sum, however, only one- half is s yet pro vided. The Government has given orders for the expropriation of the proposed site. The building will embhace seientifie laboratories, observatories, and other institutions, of the most approved type, and all that is considered requisite by the best authlorities for suceesaful research. ' The Grand Duke Nieholas, who is at the head of the uessian Army of the Bouth, is a very fast Grand Duke. Not long ego, he weas sent to thk Oasicassoe by the Emperor, and, whilst there, a baroness to whom he wasoattached was sent a-ross the frontier. As the baroness was given 400,000 roubles, she bore her banishment with equanimity. An interesting experiment hse jsoet been made in the Riter Danube. A Hungarian offcer has invented an apparatus for fastening to a horse to enable it to eroses a river without sinking, and the trial took place this morning. The oflcer mounted his steed on the Buda side of the Danube, and actually accomplished the feat of swimming the river on hrseback at its broadest part, with arapid current running. He kept tbhe horse's head up splendidly while erosaing, which otsupied about twenty minutes. The military seem to think well of this invention, and it certainly has had a very severe test. Letters from Vienna speak of very general and palpable distress in the Austrian capital. Naumber of labourers, especially skilled, are out of employ. A statistical journal estimates thie number of artisens totally unocoupied at 11,000, those working half-time at 18,000; as against 10,000 journeymen joiners em ployed in 1872 and 1878, only about 3000 oro in work at present. The Municipal Council of Vienna has ap pointed a committee to suggest means of lleviating the distress. The committee has proposed that the charitable Francis Joseph Fund shall de increased, so as to enable small tradesmen to tide over the had time, and that seven new schools, several covered market?s, and a new police-house shall be built, to provide em ployment for labourers. Moreover, the committee asegeest that the improvement of the Danube shall be completed, and that the improvement of the River Ifarch and the irrigation works on the famous " Mnrehfeld" shall be tuken in hand. The German coast is now bristling with guns and torpedoes from Memel to the Dutch frontllier. The ironclad fleet, specially destined for the protection of the coasts, is composed of fle frigates and a corvette, without counting one frigate in course of construction. Noaturally, it is French money which has paid for all these works. With such preparations the Germans could contemplate withl a well-grounded tranquillity the military reorganisauion of France, and this so much the more as this reorganleation does not affect tihe navy, of which the eflciency appears at preosent even more doubtful than in 1870. Last week the Dutch Ancademy of Arts and Sciences hIeld their meeting at the lHseue in honour of Spinoza. Prince Alexander of the Netherlands was present. The president, General van Limburg-Stirum, recalled the fact that Holland owes the honour of counting Spinoca among her children, and the right of raising a statue to him, to the toleranee which, at the time of the wars of religion, the House of Orange proclaimed and prlotised in the Netherlands. M. Ercest Henan defended at length the memory of the philosopher against the unjust attacks which have been levelled against him, and celebrated him as the man who in his time had the highest idea of God and of Liberty, which was the irst and the last word of his religious philosophy. A Wahington despatch in the N'ew Fork World slates that the case of the United States against General Belknap, the termination of which has already been announced by teleraph, has been die. missed on the motion of the District Attorney, in accordance with the directions of the Attorney-General, for the reason that the evidence would not sustais the prosecution. Thie action of the Attorney.General was taken on the direction of President Grant, who endorsed a report by the District Attorney, as follows:-" In view of the within statement of the District Attorney of the district of Columbia to the effect lthat hIe believes a cssviction improbable, and in view of the long suoering of the accused and the great expense to whichl he has been already subjected, I thik thie District Attorney should be direoted to dismiss the suit.-l(Signed) U. B. GaNTe." It is stated from Rome that as soon as the law en clerical abness is promulgated, the Pope will issue a brief to the bishops of Italy, expressing his disapproval of the law, and giving them instructions to transmit the communioations to the clergy in their respective dioneses. We are further told that the Cardinals have prepared a memorandum, pursuant to the re quest of his Holiness, containing instructions to the Catholics of Italy with regard to the course they should pursoe in thle event of their taking part in political elections. The Pope is said to be much dis pleased that the cardinals to whom he had referred the question do not approve hiis project for resuming the Vatican Council. dmeriean industry will largely profit-indeed, is proeting-by the demand upon it from Russia and Turkey for small arme and cartridges. We learn thlat a supply of Colt's rifle mooachinery lhas arrived in loue si, where it is turning out large numbere of ridfles for the use of the army, and that up to Christmas 3,000,000 had been manufaotured by them. During the past year Russis imported from another American firm 100,000 pistols. In addition 20,000,000 of tbo eo-called "Russian cartridges" have been made in Bridgeport, Oonnecticut, and machinery to make them having been sent to Russia, 400,000 cartridges are be ing made daily at St. P,.teraburg and Moscow. On the other hand the Turkilsh Government has contracted to be supplied by a Rhode Island company with 800,000 Martini-.eury rifles, of swhich 450,000 have already been shipped. The Philadelphia Palio Ledger says that the foreign trade of New York lasetyear amounted to $805,864~,638 imports, and $818,648,068 exports. Doth show a decline compared with 1875, the imports having fallen off thirty.five millions, and the exports sir millions. They are also much less than for several previous years. The specie movement last year was twenty.six i millions imports, and forty.three millions exports, a net balance of exports amounting to seventeen millions. This is the smallest net overflow of epeelo that hasee been veported for several years. The New York Jeournal of Commerce, from whose tables these figures are taken, speaks gloomily of the condition of trade there and of the prospects for the future. The foreign trade of Philadelphia for 1876 amounted to nearly seventyone millions-a much larger sum than wa reached by the trade of any previous year. It is fif teen millions more than the foreign trade of 18756, and over twelve millions more than the foreign trade of the heaviest year previously reported-1873. During last year Philadelphia imported $20,298,768, and exported $50,552,800. The imports are three and threequarter millions less than they were last year, and the exporls are eighteen and one.hlalf mil lions more. lotwithetanding declining prices and dull times, the foreign trade was three times as great in value as thle foreign trade of 1866, ten years before. The appointment of another admiral in oommmand of1 theFrench equ~dlron on the West Coast of Africa may possibly bring matters there to a crisis. It is plain that the ol0oier hitherto in charge has not done muoch else than to stand by ani look on, whilo his fel. low esubjects lave been declaring themselves prisoners, and begging us to do nothing lest they.lose their heads. It is enid that the prisoners enjoy a very fair amount of freedom, and are well known as frequent visitore on board the French ships. It has also been hinted that they might stay there if it so pleased them, but that, having refused to take the wamrning we gave them as to the blockade, they remained on shore too long, and failed to more any of their property off to the ships. Niow they know full well that if they deserted their gods their houses would be pillaged, and that they would have no trade left. So they etick to their houses as prisoners, looking forward to the day when one side will grow tired, the blockade will be raised, Ind buoiness be condueted as snual. A Copenbagen correspondent, writing on February 9, says:-s However incredible it may appear, I can thoronghly guarantee the truth of the following story: -On Friday, January 26, two Prussian gendarme., quartered in the North Sleewick village of Brandereep, started on an expedition to hunt up any young North. eslnwickers who, hasing adopted theDanish nationality, and emigrated to Denmark, might have returned to pay a short visit to their parents and relations on the Prussian side of the frontier. Their raid proved sut cosaful. In the village of Berptoft two young men, Martin Petersen and Hans Goabis, both working at their trades in a sillage a coupleofmiles on the Danieh side of the frontier, and who had come over to pay a visittor the day to their parents, were discovered, and only escaped immediate imprisonment in the village gaol through a friend beoming bail for them. In another village a young man was discovered, by name ter Rils, and the gendormes now retlrned to Itervtoft and carried the three poor fellows off to the town of Toftlund, where they were thrown into prison, and only released when a well-to-do Dane entered into recoog nisances to the amonut of 800 reichsmark that the 'malefactors' ashould be across the frontier within twelve hours. This is the manner in which young North Sleswickers are treated who return to pay a visit to thleir parents, whieh is perfectly legal, as the rertifieate they reeeired from the Prussian authorities on emi grating only prohibits their return to take up ' per maenot abode' in North Sleawick." A double murder has been committed at Gou6do Bleury (Eure-et-Loire). On March 4, the fact was noticed that an elderly farmer and his wife, named bllanchard, did not appear at their usual hour, An entrance was efLoted, and the husband was found lying across the bed dead, with his head frightfully smashed. His wife was found in the bakehouse, her bead also greatly battered, and she was lying on the ashes of a heap ofltraw with her limbs frightfully burned. She was still alive, but no hopes are enter. tained of sueing her, or even of her recovering con sciousness. They had evidently beein attached in their sleep with blows from some blunt instrument. An entrance had been effected by removing an iron bar from a window. In order to conceal the crime an attempt had been made to set the house on fire. Heaps of strsaw, brought from the adjoining barn, had been set light toi, but though the ashes were smouldering in several places when the place was en tared, they bad not broken out into flame. No trace of the murderera has as yet been diecovered. The history of the 2nd Zonaves, one of the most glorious regiments of the French army, hias just been published. It was created by decree in 1852. Its first chief offcer was Colonel Vinoy, now General a'ld Grand Chancellor of the Legion of Honour. It had been hardly organised when two of its battalions were sent to Lagabout. Then came the Orimean war; the regiment fought in the battle of the Alm, and irets cololel, the heroic Gler, planted the French flag on the telegraph tower. It next took part in the battle of Magenta, antd its colours were decorated with the Cross of the Legion of Honour. In Mexico it was engaged in the taking of Puebla. At Frmosch viller, in the last war, forty-seven officers and 1088 privates of the regiment fell on the field of battle; the ddbris were at Sedan, Ooulmiere, and other engage. ments. During the nineteen years of its existence no less than 5000 privates and 200 ofieers of this gallant recicent harve fallen in bottle. The omleial denial of thie rumour that the ex-Queen of Hanover and her children have joined the Church of Rome was hardly needed, perhaps. But had the rumour been true, the Crown Prince Ernest and the Princesses, his sisters, would, of course, have forfeited their rights of eventual seucession to the Crown of England under the Act of Settlement ; hut, as his Royal IIighlness is but 85th in the line of succession, this suceession would hardly have been a practical eae. As the Royal Family of Great Britain stands at he present momenot, the drsat eleren prinees and princesses in the suecession fo the Throne are British esuhjects. In the happily more than remote con tingency of the failure of these heira-namely of the Prince of VWales and iais children, of the Duke of Edinburgh and his children, of the Duke of Connaught, and of Prince Leopold. the next heir would be the Princess Imperial of Germany; Prince William of Prussia, her highness's eldest son, recently inveosted with the Order of the Garter, b.ing thitus 18th in successeion. After the Prince would come his six brothers and sisters. Failing these the Princess Louis of Hesse inherits the claim, being the 20th in the line of succession. Her Rloyal Highness is the mother of six children. Consequently, her next sister, the Princess Christian of Schleswig-Holatein, is 27th in the order in euccession. Next come the Princess Christian's four children; next the Princess Louise, Marchionsts of Lorne; and, last, of her present sMajesty's issue, the Princess Beatrice (83rd). Fol lowing these come King George of IHanover (84th), the Crown Prince Ernest, and the Princesses Frederica and Mary. The Duke of Cambridge is 38th in the order of sucession.-Pao l Mfall Gazette. The French Geographical Society has received from Lieutenant Wyse, who was placed at the head of an expedition sent out to report on the possibility of making an interoceanie eanal across the Isthmus of Darien, and of thus connecting the Atlantio and the Pacioi, a long letter, in which he states that the erxpcdition, after receiving a very cordial welcome at Martinique and in Venenuela, was seceompanied to the Bay of San Miguel by the President of the State of Panama. Above Pinogana, the extreme point at which the tide of the Pacifico Ocean is perceptible, the English engineer, Mr. Brooks, who accompanied the expedition, made borings to the depth of the proposed canal, and ascertained that the soil consisted of clays of different colours, which might be used for making bricks and pottery. When the different brigades of men who wore to take the levels had been properly organised, Lieutenant Wyse and several others went forward to the slopes of the Pays and the Ounarica to conciliate the Indians, and on his way he suroveyed the upper stream of the Tuyra. He ascertained that all thie existing maps of thiis part of the country are full of errors, and took some good observations as to the latitude and longitude of certain places. From the top of a hill, which he had cleared of timber, he was able to get a good view of the country, and to assure himself that tie waters of thie Atlantic and Pacific are only separated by a very narrow and by no means lofty chain of hills. At the time of his writing all the members of the expedition were in good health, but information has since been received that one of themo had died of fever. The Ofhiala Goazete of the German Empire, mon tioning the despatch ofan English man-of-war for the protection of German subjects who had suffered ill. treatment in Nicragua, adds:--" The readiness with which England interrened with her naval power in be half of Germane at a place where German shbips-of-war were not immediately available, is worthy pfallour thanks. The principle of solidarity between friendly Powers with regard to the mutual protection of their subjeecs in distant lands has thereby been again con trued." 