MISCELLA NEO US. Ill a diocesan address published recently, the Bishop of Gloucester characterised JUS unveiled re bellion against the law of the land the action of the Church Union in supporting Mr. Tooth. The real question at issue was-Should the existing relations between Church and State be maintained ? Many would thiuk twice before setting free from all avail able control a sacerdotalism that would be more in tolerable, becau.se less restrained, than that of the Chuivh of Home. One of the most delicate little instruments we have seen says the Bolhtmt St<n\ for some time is the radiometer, now in use at the School of Mines. As its name indicates, it Is a machine for measuring light, and was constructed by Mr. Crooks, manu facturer of scientific instruments, and editor of a chemical journal, London. It is stated that everyone in and around Oxford capable of carrying" a gun has found ample amuse ment for some days past in shooting rats. The trees in the neighborhood have been swarming with these creatures, which have crept up among the branches out of the way of the flood. The popping has been incessant. Adelaide telegrams state that the population of South Australia has increased during the year by 15,000. Much of this is, of course, due to jissisted immigration, and it would he interesting to know how much this increase has, in hard cash, actually cost the colony. Mr. MacBain, in his address to the Wimmera electors, promises at an early date to justify the course he felt compelled to pursue during the past session. At the London Auction Mart, recently, Messrs. Edwin ITox and Bousfield sold one tenth of n king's freehold share in the New lliver Company, at the sum of £9,340, and eighty-seven New £100 shares (£85 paid) for £20,090. It is estimated that the damage to Levity's Marionettes caused by the conduct of the audience at Ballarat cannot bo made good for less than £50, Eight years ago (writes a Plymouth correspon dent) Junius "Wright, a rate collector, was dismissed from liia office as a defaulter. He asserted that he had paid into the East Cornwall Bank £70, but tins was denied at the bank, and Wright was dis charged. This week he incidentally learnt that the missing £70 is standing to his credit. It had origiually been overlooked. A vestry meeting was held on Thursday, when it was resolved to preseut the £70 to Mr. Wright, and to recommend the bank to make compensation for their own part. By the mail intimation has been received that arrangements have been made for the appointment of commissioners to take evidence in Ireland, Canada, Newfoundland, and other places, in connection with the Coady-Buckley will case. By the decision of the court here the money reverted to the Crown, but a new claimant has recently appeared. Reports have been received by the Mining De partment from the Landsborough and lleedy Creek prospecting pavties. Several shafts were sunk, but only a very few fine specks of gold were found. t The goods of the Rev. Father Paul, Catholic priest, at Auckland, have been seized for non-pay ment of the education rate. The Horsham Times publishes a rumor that Mr. Higinbotham intends to contest the Wimmera electorate. The demand for American fresh meat exceeds the supply. It is in such favor that English beef seems at present to be despised by the public, and the result is that at Liverpool cattle market, recently, there was a reduction of at least 30s, per head in the price of stock offered for sale. On board the steamer Emu (says the Port Pirie Gazette) is to be seen an horological novelty in the shape of a clock. Instead of striking the hours, two doors fly open, uid a kilted Highlander makes his appearance with a bugle up to his mouth. For about fifteen seconds he plays a regular tattoo, and then disappears as suddenly as he appeared. The principle is a fan which blows wind on to notes like tliose of a concertina, and small hammers opening and shutting them. A candidate for a vacant vicarage announces an invention of his own which may prove to be useful It is a peculiar arrangement of the pulpit, with a clock to give warning. When at the end of half an hour the, clock sounds ail alarm. If the preacher does not conclude within three minutes down comes the pulpit with the parson and the rest of the appendages. The Printers'Register perpetrates the following: -Why do printers'not succeed to the same extent as brewers ?- -Because printers work for the head, and brewers for the stomach ; and where twenty men have stomachs, but one has brains. Mr. James Chapman and Mr. Greeuliill, ex Mayor, have announced their intention to stand for Castlemaine. It is stated from Paris that several mayors have been dismissed on account of' their attendance at the celebration of masses said in memory of the Emperor Napoleon. The Government (it is added) lias decided to act with severity towards all -imlilin officials participating in Bonapurtist demonstrations. A French soldier was sitting,, a short time back on the summit of a hill overlooking a garrison town; his home was picketed near' by; the man was smoking leisurely, and from tiine to time glancing from the esplanade to a bijj official enve lope he had in his hand., A comrade passed, and said, ''What are you doing there V" "Iam bear ing the President MacMahon' pardon for our friend Flicliman, who is to be shot this morning," replied the smoker. " Well, then, hurry along with it," said his comrade. " Oh no ! See, there is hardly a soul on the esplanade, and the firing platoon has not yet been formed. You surely would not have me rob my appearance of all dramatic effect." The Earl of Bective has had the misfortune to lose by tuberculosis the famous shorthorn Tenth Duchess of Geneva, which had been purchased by his lordship at the New York Mills sale, in 1873, for over G.000 guineas. The Duchess has left of her breed one bull and three heifers, the youngest of which is stated to be especially worthy of her handsome dam. ? Messrs. Brown and Hunt, of Swan Hill, have re ceived a telegram from London stating that their Melool clip of greasy wool realised up to-Wid., average all over 15d., pieces included. 51\. Brix, the Danish Socialist leader, lias been found guilty of political misdemeanour, by the criminal court of Copenhagen, and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. Cremation is done for. A St. Louis chemist lias discovered a process by which the human l>ody may bo reduced to a delightful perfume at a ridiculously small cost and in an inconceivably short space of time. A philosopher said-" My friend conducted his future wife to the altar, and here his leadership came to an end." A scientific paper says -" Keep your mirrors away from the sun," and from the daughters also, if you can." There is a Frenchman living at Marseilles who enjoys the distinction of liaviug outlived seven wives. A widow lady, however, is now hovering round him. > The Border Post states that a perceptible falling off in the collections at the Albury Custom-house lias taken place during the Inst few months. The collections for the month ending the 31st March amount to £201317s. Gd., the corresponding month's collections last year being £2,223 Is. 7d. Tile falling off is attributed to the recent very severe season. A photographer (rives the following directions to his customers: ? -"When a lady sitting for a picture would compose her month to a bland and serene character she should, just upon entering the room ray 'Bosom,' and keep the expression into which the month subsides until the desired effect in the camera is evident. If. 011 the nther hand, she wishes to assume a distinguished and Homewhnt noble bearing, not suggestive of sweetness, she should say 'brush,' the result of which is infallible. If she wishes to make her mouth look- small slie: must say'Flip,' but if thu month bo already ton small and needs enlarging, she must say .Cabbage..' If she wishes to look mournful, she must say 'Kerchunk,' if resigned, she must forcibly ejaculate ,S'cat." On proceeding to count the collection made in Christ Church, on Kiistev Sunday, it was found (says1 the Daylesfortl Mercury) that a donation of .?100 had been put on the plate by Mr. W. E. Stanbridge. As to the killing of the Axis deer by kangaroo dogs about the Grampians, the Caniperdown Chronicle says:-"The throats of the brutes should he cut at once, or there is no knowing what damage they will not do by giving way to this propensity. It may issue in the extinction of these animals, upon the acclimatisition of which such expense and iron hie has been bestowed." The pretty name of " Melita" recently conferred on the Duke of JSdinburgh's daughter, will prob ably be engrafted on our bare and bald list of English baptismal apellatives, therefore it will be jis well that the lieges should know something of its origin and of its orthoepy. Melita is the ancient name for Malta, tins place St. Paul escaped to on his dangerous voyage from Sidon, and where the viper front out of the fire of a bundle of sticks fastened on his hand. See Acts of the Apostles, 28th chap.. 1st and 3rd verses paxxim. The temp tation to Italianise the pronouueiatiun is very great and to call it Mel-i'-ta ; but the true sound is Mel'-i-la. The "i," of course is sounded as "e.\ Mr. Maurice Harnett's woolshed at llosobrook, in the Monaro district, has been destroyed by fire. The loss is estimated at one thousand pounds, and it is strongly suspected that the shed was set on fire by an incendiary. " We understand," the Chrisd tn Jl'riw says, : " that intelligence has been received by this mail t,o the effect that the ltev. Mr. Somerviile, of Glas gow, who has become so eminent in the great work of revival and evangelisation, is about to visit the colony with the view of prosecuting the work here, His son, it is said, will accompany lam." THE LKADIN'G TOXIC AND CORRECTIVE OF THK A(SK.-Its purity, remarkable efficacy in obviating digestive weaklier or irregularity, the promptitude and certainty with which it supplies vigor to the strengthless, its trani|uilizing effect upon the brain and nerves, and finally its adoption by the medical profession as a means of strengthening and regula ing the vital forces, justly entitle UnoU'lio \VOI.FK\s SCHIKOAM AllOMATIC SCHXAITS to be regarded as the leading tonic and corrective of the 