Tolographio Intelligence (FeOM OUll ColtllESrONDENTS.) INTERCOLONIAL. SYDNEY. Thursday. Sir Honry Tnrkes uskB unotkor day to form a Ministry. It is said that Mr. J. S, Fariioll lias got a Ministry ready, iu tho ovont of Sir Honry Parkus failing to foim ono. Tho Marino Board held nn onquiry into tlio loss sf tho stonmship Floronoo Irving, und havo suspended Cnptniu R. M. PliillipB' cortihonto for throo mouths, on tho ground of dofault in not taking soundings wliou so nonr Bhoro. Tho Government havo sont tho Btonmor Ajux to searoli for tho body of tho child Curnoy, drownod nt tho wreck of tho Floronoo Irviug. Later. Parltos has resigned ; ho oould not form a Ministry. Tho Houso adjourned to Tuosday. S. Farnoll will probably ho,snnt fft1-. to-morrow's iBSuo.i Floue, — Tho flour mnrkot in Melbourno, nocorduig to tho Miner, oxhiblts no tondoncy of an upward ohurnotor. Sales havo boon frooly nt £11 10b. to £11 15s. ; doponding in quality. Wheat is firm at os. 6d. to 5s. 7d., and advicos from all parts of tlio colony report favorably of tho orops and y iold. Maizo is 'stondy at 6s! ; and potatoos fotoli £3 16s., with a modorato quantity in tlio market. Wiieue the Money Goes, — Tho northern country is rising in tho ostimation of oapital- ists. A bank manager told " Attious " tho other day that at loast £6,000,009 had, within a comparatively short timo, gone from Viotoria to purchnso lands in Now South Wules, aud thatja sovoro dram was taking place in tho dircotion of Queensland from tho samo oauso. Theatiuoal. — Wo aro likoly to havo a livoly Christmas, so far ab thoatrical amusomonts aro concernod, ns wo notioo Alio " Ohoovor nnd Konnody Company" will ho horo shortly, and inlond to koop tho thoatro opon during tlio holidays, and, wo prcsuino, as long aftor as it will pay thorn to do so. This company onjoy„ an oxoolleut colonial roputntion, nnd thoir eutortaimnouts nro oommcntod upon in tho wnrmost terms by tlio Pross. Tno Late Tuekish Baths. — Wo undor- stand that Mr. Duster has puroliascd tho promises as thoy stnnd, and hopes to restoro the building sufficiently to ro-opon tho baths after Christinas. Wc sincoroly trust ho' will bo able to carry out his intention, ns we look upon tlio establishment of tho Turkish Bath ..a uu moiuuiion wnion is ot groat valuo to the town iu mnuy ways, and ono that ought to ho snpportcd. Looting Pasbenoee's Luqoaoe Wo loam from ono of tlio possongors who wag ou hoard tho Floronoo Irving wliou slio was wrookod, that during tlio timo tho oaptain was ashoro ranking nrrangomouts for tho reception of his passengers, thut tho sailors made an nttaok on Dr. Robert's luggngo, a oousidorablo portion of whioli had boon tnkon out of tho main hold and plnood on tho poop. Thoy toro off locks and split opon boxes, holping tlicmsolvos to tlio contents, with wliioh thoy strowod tho doolt, in tlioir soaroh aftor valuablos. Wo nro glud to hoar tliroo of tho rnffiana aro in custody, and wo sincoroly trust tlif, Bonoh will slicot it homo to' thorn. Rabbits.— In South Australia rabbits aro so numerous and dostruotivo, that matiy mothods liavoeon tried to get rid of them. Like our kangaroos they lravo reduced land that somo timo ago formod excellent pasturage into bnrron wastes, and a trial, sayii the Leader, has hoeu made of n maohino intended to destroy rabbits by injeoting sulphur into thoir holos. "A numbor of tosts 'woro mado, anil tho results provod that tho machine was a sucooss, so far as tlio destruction of tho vermin was con cerned, but it was eonsidorod to bo unncoos- snrily bulky. It wua bolievo'd that a machine of far loss sizo and. much loss weight might be made, whioli would he equally serviceable. 'The sulphur fumes wore very offeotivo in killing tlio rabbits. Iuimodiatoly tho holoB had boon fillod with tho furnos tho work of fliSGiDg out tho rabbits wns coinmouccd, and with only two or tlrreo exceptions thoy woro found to bo quito doad. Iu tlio exceptional ensos tho rabbits woro a long way from the outrnnoo holos whora tho fumos were injoctod. Iu tho other ensos (loath appeared to bo instantaneous. The: animals find evidently inhaled tho sulphur, aud at onoo diod. Thoir oyos woro wido opoi'i and cavorcd with a film." Hospital . Mbetino.— Th o usual monthly mooting of tho Hospital Committee will bo hold Hub aftornoon at tlio court house atfonr o'olook, Pbioe op Stock.— To show how stook has doprcoiated iu prioo in somo parts of Viotoria, on acoonnt of tho want of food, tlio G colony Advertiser stutos that nt a rooont salo several promising onlvos woro sold -'ot 0s. oaoh, and good miloli oows nt 25s. _ The Scottish Hero. — Tho Soottish Horo, with immigrants, '.arrivod in Koppol Bay yoBtordaymorning from London. Tho Govern ment stonmor, with Dr. Salmond, tho Health Offloer, on hoard, proooedod down to the bay at 7 p.m. yostorday. A largo supply of frosli provisions woro put on bonrd tho Mary for tho uso of tho passougets. It is cxpoctod, if no Bsoknoss is on bonri tho Scottish Horo, tlio pasaongors will arrifo por Mary during tho day. I The Late Rains.— A travollor who arrivod in town yesterday, from tho coast country, Btatos that tho rain has boon protty general, and that' both watoj nnd grass nro plentiful,, although nono ofthcorooks aro running. Ho also stnlod that tl'o liolos, although full, require to bo woll washed out before tho onttlo will driuk tho wntoi with any rolish. Tho roads aro In good oilor, nnd tho stoolc loft is rapidly improving in condition, Btoors especially which linvo stood thokrought vory mnoh better ai 3 Unifnti Tim mimnmnn firnfl IlllUU «1AAV UUilUO, »»w M linvo swopt nwoy a -"ery largo portion of tho fenoing, which, our informant is undor tho improssiou, will nol bo replaced in many instances, for somo tijno to como, Rookhampton Jokey Club. — Wo roooivod a copy of " ropoit ol committoo for tho past yoar." Wo find tint tho bulnnoo brought forward from tho preloading year nmountod to £76 18s. 3d. ; thai mombors subscriptions, donations, nominations, aoeoptnnoos, ontrnnoos, sales, nnd swoops, anountod in 1877, loss that sum to £1186 16s. Bd., nnd that oontiugont oxponsos, printing recount,' ropairs to oourso, .prizes (£1140 10s.) and snlnries to £1332 4s. lid. j louvinga jalanao in hand of £164 lis. lOd, Tho roport may bo eonsidorod in ovory w-iy satisfactory, although, wo may obsorvo, that tho 1st of subsoribors provoB, what wo havo freaiently obso'rvod, that onr pastornl touants anc solootors do not oomo out in vory groat forco,nlthougli thoy aro quito as niuoli bonofitod, hcth direotly and indirootly. not moro so, than townspooplo. Onr annual — ntiiVKolmrl nn rt vnanfinfnliln fnnt,. racea uro uuw «oiwu«»wu w»a m iug, aud it is to bohopod thnt thoso who havo hitliorto hold huoli, uud exhibitod but littlo sympathy with tlicm, will oomo to tho foro, and onablo Rookhampttn to tako a position in tho racing world oqual to its standing. Tho town has hithorto bled protty frooly and it is quito timo tlio oountry oxhibltod a littlo moro spirit. Payment of Members.— The 'Lcgislntivo Assomby in Victoria agreed by a largo 41,a r.A/t/7ni< fn llin vnfn nf mftjoriiy, BUo wuu '# w -- £18,025, " for ro-imbursiug mombors of tho Logislntivo Assembly their oxponsos in relation to tlioir nttoudnico iu Pa'rliamont at tiio rato of £300 oaoh." Wo now lonrn that tlio Legislative Oouicil havo rojcctod tho bill. This will result in opon war hotweon tho Housos, and if wo road the signs of tlio political homispluro ariglit, Mr. Borry wil have somo diffloh.ty.in retaining a position ho aoquircd by thu qnostionablooanB of appeal ing to tho pookotsnud passions of tho working olassos. His supporters hnvo found out that protootion is not a pauacoa for all ovils, and that sn inoroaso it tlio prico of raont is hotter for tho Tronsurj; jhest _for tho time being; oratio treo, hut, allhongh it nppoarcd for n whilo ns if tho twig would grow nnd flourish ; it now shows ovident signs of dooay. Tho pooplo how niuoli so over thoy may blindly follow a bell- wothor invariably in tho end mnko uso of their own oyos and ciiooso their own pastnros. Mr. Borry has humbugged tho working olassos, and fooled them to tho top of their bout ; hat ho has nenrly reached the ond of his tothor — Victoria is rooovoriug its sonso, — and protootion witli its hoad centre will fulls " never to rise agaiu." Sunday Tbavellino. — Tho Sabbatarian question , is nrriving at a condition of whito heat iu Viotoria. " Tho Salibntnrian contends,'' says tho Leader, "that to open tho publio institutions and to ran railway trains on Sundays, is to oompol pooplo to givo tlioir labor and attcndanco who would othorwise ho enjoying porfeot immunity from work." Ou tho other hand, tho anti-Sabbntariau retorts that tho real intorost with personal freedom ooinos from thoso who would prohibit tho publio from having access to what is to nlj iutonts and purposos thoir own property, on acoount of tho religious scruplos of a sootion of tho community. It appears to us that tho question is thus reduced to ouc of pounds, shillings, nnd pouco. If officials nro roquirod to work sovon days in the wook, then thoy are olearly entitled to roccive sovon days pay, but as thoy woro not engaged to work moro than six days, it would be nn net of injustice to insist upon their attending on Sunday, without remuneration — and wo aro somowhnt of opinion thnt that remuneration would not he declined by, nt nny rato, a largo proportion of offioials. If men can bo found who aro willing to work on Sundays, thou thoro is an ond of the matter ; and institutions can bo openod and traius run without tronohing on tho liberties of tho subjoot. put, wo cniinot oonsont to tho soundness of tho dootriuo which toaohos, bccauso tho railways and institutions boloug to tho pcoplo, tho pooplo can do as thoy liko with thorn, and oompol mon to work ngninst thoir wills or thoir oonsoionoos. They havo no moro right to forco a man to labor on a Sabbath, beonuso thoy thomsolvos and their fumilics want a jaunt into tho country, than thoy finvo to pull up tho rails. Tho roligious phnso of the quostion having beon aOolly set on ono sido altogother ; a mutual undorstandiug can bo roadily arrived at. If tho people havo no objeotiou to pay somo two or three thou sands more por annum in tho shape of salaries to offioials, and officials havo no objootion to lecoivn thorn, on condition they work on tho Sabbath — then— thoro needs ho 110 more fuBs about tho muttor, mid Sabbaturians and uuti- Sabbaturiafis may shentho thoir swords — uud each spoud his Sunday after his own fashion. A Sea Sebpent near the Australian Coast. — Thoohiof officor of tho Maid of Judali sends us the following memorandum :— " Tuosday, Novombor 20th, 1877.— Longitudo 12126 E., latitude 402 S., at 11 a.m., while some of tho hands woro aloft thoy saw a vory largo soa serpont ou.tlie wonthor bow. The vessel passed closo to it. about forty yards off, and it appoarod to bo about tho longth of the vcsboI ; tho hoad of this objcot appoarod to ha sunk down out of sight, whilo a good part of tho body nnd tail was to bo soon quito plainly. It was of n browny groon oolour, and did not oppoar to have any motion at tho timo of tho vessel passing. Thero was a fresh gnlo hloAv- iug at tho timo, and a good deal of son on, yot tho thing was broadside on to tho son in ourvos, as if it was BWiminiug, but tbo vossol was ffninrr fnnf.nr. mwl an T s»nnM iinf-. ann if if It or! any motion,— S. M. Herald, Ingenious Idea — Some civil servantsjsays " Attious") woro discussing tho politioul situa tion tho othorday. Ono snid, " Tho .plan for us is to ba its economical ns possible, and try to liavo a fow pounds storod up for tho hard timoB that will follow aftor Mnroh," " My in tention is," said another, " not to pny a ponny to anyone for tlio noxt four months. I shall thus havo onoagh ready oasli laid by mo to lcoop mo going till tho worst of tho doadlaok is ovor. I oan easily got arcdit till Maroh, and no trndosmun would havo tho indooonoy to summon mo afterwards." An ingenious idea, but ns things look nt prosnnt it is very doubt ful if four mouths' onsh in hand will oarry a civil servant ovor tho dondlook. Pom Douglas. — Tho blaolta at tho Daintroo arc still very, troublosomo, having boon scon near tho plaoo of tho rooont outrage. Two mon who woro out on tho rivor rowing oould diBcofn Bomo liudrods, several oomingto tho river band and calling out " Tnwat, Tawat" (moaning poaco), but not having roooivod nnv nnnwm- in rnrtle mnrln n. fiitm f.rt tlinRO in tho hack ground who iuimodiatoly showered a numbor of spears at tho two mon, hut for tunately no harm wns dono. I also hoar that tho" mnstor of thb " Hibornin," wlion passing Doublo Island, saw a boat in possession of. somo hlnoks This boat was idontifiod as holonging to " Yorkcy " and liis mato who started from horo Bomo days sinoo for tho nutnoRo of hocho-do-mor fishing Tho two mon oould ilot bo aeon by thoso on hoard tho vcsboI, thoroforo it is presumed thoy havo oamo to an tmlimoly cud. On tlio now3 roaohing town u party at onoo Btartod, woll armod, consisting of Billy Attwator and a fow othors, with a determination to mnko a thorough Bonroh nour whorotho boat was scon by tho" Hibornin. " Tne Robdeey at the Bank of New South Wales.— Yostordny aftornoon it was rnuoh noisod about town that tho Bank of Now South Walos had boon robbod of a oousidorablo sum of mouoy. Tlio amount was stntcd vnriously onma frnm £140(1 to 1800. Our onouirios on tho subjoot bring out the following rosults :— Tho amount missing, as givon ub by Mr. Archor, manager of tlio bank, is 1306. As to tlio robbory it sol f , wo havo loarnod that .on Wodnosdny afternoon olioquos for oollootion, and notoB of othor 'banks for oollootion, and notos of other banks for cxchnngo on next morning, woro put in a strong room, whioli was not lookod. On next roforonoo, at 10 o'olook yesterday morning, to tho box, it was found to bavo boon forced, and tho parcel of notos abstraotod. This roally is tbo sum and substance of tho wliolo buBinoss as far as is known for certain. Who stolo the monoy, when it was stolon, and wlioro it and- tlio thieves aro to bo found, nro all matters for tho Boriuiny of tho doteotive force, wliioh hns npw cot in hand" a big thing," in whioli it will no doubt distinguish J itself. Wo might add .fur ther partioulais, but rofrnin from doing so lost intho least dogroo wo slionld lutorforo with tho pursuit of justico, whioh, it i's to ho hoped, will bo swift aud suro. — Courier, Tonnage of Nations. — Mr. FranoiB Cobb, of tho Globo Marino Iusurnnoo oompnny, furn ishes tho following list of tlio gross toimago of tho morohant shipping of tho sovorul mnritimo nations of tho world iu 1976 : — British (in- OlUCllug O'HUUlUHJt vuua , wuituu States, 3,180,249 ; Norwogian, 1,466,777 ; Italian, 1,389,651 ; Gorman, 1,102,853 ; Fronoh, 1,059,382; Spanish, 733,570 ; Dutch, 531 ,593 ; Russian, 497,911 ; Swodish, 487,788 ; Greek, 431,038 ; Austrian, 419,953 ; Danish, 244,660 ; South Amorioiin, 164,722 ; Portnguoso, 129,293; Turkish and Egyptian, 76,663 ; Bolgiun, 04,044 ; Central Amorioau, 01,076 ; Asintio, 26,998 ; Liberiau, 154. Total tonnage of tho morohant shipping of all nutious, 21,149,919 ; so that as tho morohant nliips flying tlio British flag havo a gross tonn ago of 9,170,357, it fol lows that tho morohant navy of this country and and its oolouios is us inuali as 43 por oont of that of tho outiro world— a oonvinoiug proof that still " Britannia rulos alio waves." SeiiVANT.Gai.I8M in MeLdouene.— A lawyor's wife ongagod a servant last wook. Tho np- . — B... uiuu O. A1IU lauy naa tukon tlio precaution wlion making tho agrooraont of asking tho sorvant for hor nddroaa ; and alio salliod forth to Irish quarter of tho city surrounding St. Francis's Cathedral to soo what was keeping hor. Miss Mahonoy wus at homo. In faot aho oouldu't woll bo donied as she oponod tlio door horsolf slightly nogligont iu attire, and with hor hair done up in papor. " You woro to havo boon with mo throo hours ago," tlio lady oommenood when a fomalo voioo iusido wbb heard calling, " Ask your friond in, Miss Mahonoy." This boing ropoatod two or throo timos, the lady cntorod tlio houso, whoroupon a boory jovial looking man in shirt sloavos advanced towards thom aud whisporod aloud, " Introjuioo mo to your friud, Miss Maliony." "Muko your frind stop to dinner, Miss Mahonoy," oriod tho voioo from tho insido. Miss Mahonoy wus puzzled, but at tho samo timo oomposed. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Dash," bIio said, "that I forgot I wus ongagod to a dinner party to day wliou I promied you. This, Mr. Ryan, is Mrs. Dash, whioh I'm going to sorvioo to- to-morrow." " Mako your frind stop to dinnor, Miss Mahonoy," said Mr: Ryan, with tho hospitality of liis nation, ' wo'll find a ltnifo and fork for hor.''_ It ondod, howovor, in Mrs. Dash not stopping to dinnor, and Miss Mahonoy not ooming tho noxt day. Not that Mrs. Dash would havo objooted. but Miss Mahonoy thoucht hor friondn. tfin It,..,.,,. ... slighted 1—" Attious," in tho Leader, ' 