INTRODUCTION. Parliament is now in tho middle of ita labours, and political events havo boon numerous and important Tho Govern ment, secure in the posaosston oí an over whelming majortty, are able to do entirely aa they please in the Assembly, but thoir success in the Council has yet to bo Thp io ved Thoir land policy, their views as to payment of members, and their rail ways scheme aro so faulty, that it is .scarcely possible that tho Upper House will bo able to ondorso all the proposals about to bo submitted to thom First in interest in the history o£ the month comea tho Budget, which was stated to the Legislative Assembly on Thursday, 16th Auguat The year 1870 7 closed with a credit balance of £205,671, and the Government proposed new taxes which will bring in £250,000 per annum. Thus the Treasury will bo overflowing, and after providing for an expenditure of £4,800,000, and carrying forward a balance of £44,000, tho Troasuror is able to reviso tho tanfl and ro duce tho Customs dutieB by £128,000 Theoretically, the roviBion ts from a strictly protectionist standpoint Duties on articles not produced in the colony aro remitted to tho amount of £101,230, and new duties are imposed upon goods which aro botng manufactured hero to tho amount of £3¿,500 While, of course, the mercantile community is glad to seo the burden of tho Customs lightened in any way, thero aro loud complaints of tho selection which has been made The principal article dealt with is that of " dried fruits," and while those come in free, the duty ia maintained on mat/e and grain. But the greatest dissatisfaction is caused by the additional imposta The tax on bags and woolpacks will fall heavily upon agriculturists, and as tho j uto factories havo been steadily at work for some years past it Bccma wholly uncalled for Children's boots, matches, earthenware, and othor articles of domestic consumption are also saddled with increased taxation Mr Berry has re submitted the Land Tax which ho introduced in 1875, and upon which he was then defeated, in the Legislative Assembly It is avowodly directed against the ownerB of large estates The punciple is that landed property of the assessed value of £2,500 is exempt from the operation of the measure The actual exemption in many cases is much larger than at first appears, because the lands are divided into four arbitrary classes, tallied at from £1 to £4 per acre, and the estate may be worth much more per acre than tho maximum named Thus tho tax is thrown upon a very limited number of men, estimated variously at from 1,500 to 2 000 in num. ber, and tho contention is that it is un fair to single out this class for a special impoBt, and that there is no reason why the possession of land should bo punished as an offence The tax is not progressive, and as a consequonce some of the more ardent supporters of the Government are dissatisfied, and one of their num- ber has given notice of a motion calling for moro effectual "bursting np " provisions Mr. Berry's reply is that though not progressive, his impost has a progressive tendency, as it will induce the owners of large ostatos to sell and divide their property into mode- j rate holdings which would escape taxa tion. Hib preliminary resolutions wero carried without a division, the Opposition finding themselves powerless to arrest tho proposais and reserving themselves for the discussion of the bill, which has since been introduced, and which will be dis cussed during the present week This measure entrusts the working of tho act to an amateur court of commissioners, who would be tho nominees of the Ministry of the day, and who are em powered to fine and imprison. This part of the scheme is regarded with as much diafat our by tho porsons interested as the tax itself They view with alarm the prospect of being placed in the powor of political partisans, and of bolng de pnved of a right to appeal to the ordinary legal tribunals of tho country. The novelty of the Budget is a tax on live Btock coming into the colony Cattle and horses are now paying 5s per hoad, and sheep Od por head, but the impost has yet to bo ratified by the House, and it will provoko a strong opposition. The meat preserving industry has boen strenuous in its complaints, pointing out that tho inevitable effect will be to trans fer this trado to other colonies , but the Treasurer has absolutely declined to abandon the proposal Mr Berry pro- poses the tax in order to encourage the Victorian selector who now sends sheep to market At the same time, he con- tends, in reply to the meat preserving industry, that the operation of the im- post will be to lower pricos On this sub ject the hon gentleman has tnvolted himself in a hopeless mass of contradic- tion It remains to be seen how far his majority will countenance such blunder- ing I he Government railway scheme was accepted by the Lower House, and is now under consideration in the Council At the last moment Ministers abandoned the Uno running south of the Yarra and through the Botanical gardens to Oak leigh, and substituted ono on the north side of the river, to Btart from tho cornor of Swanston street and riindors street, and to run for some distance insido tho fence of tho Hobson's Bay Railway This is a high level line It wül bo a great disfiguremont to the city, and in toltcs tho destruction of somo of our most popular resortes, and h opposed on the ground that it ia not wanted, that it is a competing lino with tho Hobson's Bay railway, and tal ob away station accommodation which tho com pany wants The Legislative Council has examined witnesses at tho bar upon this railway, the Goulburn Valley, tho Dunolly and St Arnaud, and the Queenscliff lines Tho on^ineei in chief and his subordínate ofiicers havo all do clared against the direct line to Oakleigh, and have advocated either the outer circle or the taking of running powers ovor tho Hobson's Bay railway, and this ovidenco can scarcely fail to tell both upon tho House and tho country Tho evidenco has also shown tory cloarly the folly of running the Goulburn Valley lino on the oastern sido ínstoad of the wcBU.ru aide of tho rttor Tho wp t»jn district loturns Opposition and '^.ti ¿tern Ministerial members to tho AsBtaibly Tho Council is not likely to allow this consideration to influence it, and justico will now bo done Tho iasuo with rogard to tho St Arnaud lmo is merely whether it Bhall start from Dunolly or from Avoca The evidenco called on the Queonsclifl lino was of a friendly character, and would havo been unneces sary if Miinstoi3 had done thoir duty and had submitted information to the Lotvci Houao The decision of tho Elections and Qualifications Committeo that Dr Macait ney tvas disqualified from Bitting in the Legislativo Assembly, on tho ground that ho was a minister of rollston, gavo great offence to tho Government and the majority lndood, it took tho Houao Dy surprise, as Dr Macartnoy ceased to ofhmato six years ago, has smco prac tised as a banister, and has sat as a member of tho Legislature without dial lengo Tho Government were urj,ed to introduce a bill dealing with tho question They preferred, however, to submit a resolution, declaring that in tho opinion of tho HousOj any person who Bovers his connexion with tho ministry by somo public act does not como under the disabling clauso of tho Constitution Act The Opposition pointed out tho in convenience of this courso, which did not bind tho Blections and Qualifications Committee, and they woro joined by Mr Servico and Mr J J Casey, who aro Blip posed to bo the loaders of tho mdo pendent members in the Ministerial cornor, but theBO gontlomon woro not followed, and tho Government forced the resolution through the House by a majority of 42 to 26, many members not voting Dr Macartney olierod lura self for South Gipps Land, and was ro elected Should any petition be presented against him, tho Government propose to sot the Blections and Qualifications Com mitteo aside, and to deal with the matter in tho House The scheme of defence submitted by Sir Wa Jervois has not yet boen dealt with, but it is to bo discussed by Parlla ment upon an early day The Govern mont havo placed the aum of £100,000 on the Estimates to commence the pro jected works The Estimates also include the sum of £7,000 towards an exhibition building, and the Chief Secretary has intimated that the Government are favourable to inviting the nations of the world to an international exhibition to follow that of Pans If Parliament approves of the preliminary voto, a building will be commenced to cost £100,000 In the meantime, it has boon decided that Victoria shall bo ropro sentod at the Pans Exhibition, and a commission, with tho Hon J J Casey as chairman, is making tho noceBsary arrangements Attention has been directed to tho Capo service by the fine passage of tho s s Lusitania, the pioneer vessel of the Onont line She made the run in 40 days si\ hours It transpired in Parliament that tho Government had authonsed tho agent general to cIobo with the Mosira Green on tho basis of their original offer, but theBO orders wero countermanded to give the owners of tho Orient line an opportunity of tendering Mr Berry has stated that he will accept any good offer made to him, and Mr Servico has given a notice of motion which wdl bring tho subject before tho House upon an early day Tho drought mentioned last month has continued Showers have fallen within the last few days, but there has been no steady rain such as agriculturists and squatters require to supply their necessities The accounts from Rit erina aro of the moat gloomy character, and unless there ia an immediate chango, tho calamity, already great, will assume for midable dimensions SOCIAL Sir Wm Jervois and Colonel Scratohley are expected to return to Melbourne daring tbe present week from Queensland cn ion e for Adelaide where Sir Wm Jervois will be installed as Governor of the colony Ba fore he leaves Melbourne however, he will hold an inspection of the volunteer force and with that object in view a general parade of the force is ordered for Wednesday Sop tember 19, Arrangements have been concluded with the Netherlands India Steam Navigi tion Company ia the event of any interrap tton of cable communication with 1 uropo to inn a steamer with despatches between Bon'oewanpi and Port Darwin The com pnny undertakes to have at Banjoewangi within eight days or as much sooner after tbe breakage is known as possible a steamer to carry telegraphic mésanges to Port Darwin and back and keep the veBsel or her sub stitnte running at a minimum speed of o gbt knots between tbe two ports until the cable bo repaired for the Bum of £1 °00 for eacb voyage from Banjoewangi to Port Darwin and back together with exemption from all charges at the latter place Tbe colonies of Victoria New South Vi ales and Soath Ans tralla bave co operated in this under taking Telegraphic communication between V\ eg tern Australia and the other colon es is ap proaching completion The South Australian Government has completed its portion of the line to the boundary at 1 ada and the Vi estera Australian line is finished as far as Tye S Sandpatch about 100 mil a from Lucia. Occasional communication now takes placo between the two points by means of a horse expíete and messages can tinta baoxchauged between Western Australia and Melbourne lelr grams in the same woy can bo trans milted from Western Australia to London According to a despatch placed before tho Government by His] xcellency the Governor the Secretary of State for the Colonies has received complaints from the Washington Government of the treatment which Amen can ships receive at Melbourne- The diffi i cults' arises from the Passengers Harbours I and Navigation Statute of this colon; (Act No 2üj) having been enforced against vessels arriving from the United States Thus the American consul (Mr Adamson) transmitted home a long despatch with regard to the ship Polar Star, which was found not to have botts suflicient to comply with the statute requirements and which waa ordered to procure a now life boat the master Mr Adamson sayo being thus saddled with a use leES boat at an expense of Jt Jo Mr Adamson n timatcB that proceedings would not have been taken ogatast tbe lolar Star if the waster had not quarrelled with a wharfinger who took bis revenge by laying an informa tion apamst the vosseL Iho American repro eentativoattheCourtof St James(Mr Pierre point) bas been instructed to endorse the complaint and to ask that vessels which comply with the American law shall not be molested here provided that they do not enter into onr local trade In the same despatch Mr Pierrepoint complains of the operation of the Plimsoll Act under which American masters have been fined in Groat Btitain for carrying deck cargoes in winter months and thus a very wide queel i n is opened up as to the juris d ctton which a nation can exercise over foreign veBBels entering its ports However as regards American veBsols at Melbourne the Board of Trade advises the Secretary of State that our Btatate is in excess of the requirements of Imperial legislation and the Larl o' Carnarvon suggests that to this ex tent wo should not apply its provisions to foreign Bbips and that if necessary the statute should be amended so as to exclude these vbbboIb Very few American ships come to tt is port and none of thom aro immigrant v ssels m tbo popular meaning of tho term ai.d consequently the Chief Secretary seea n thing to be ginned by raising the abstract question involved ia the matter bat one way or tho other he will carry out the wishes of the Colonial Office The faetest passage on record from London to Molbourne bas been made by the Lubi tania of the Orient Une She arrived on tho 8 h ult bringing Lnghsh papers of three weeks later date than those of the previous mail The voyage has been performed in 40 days Gh hours inclusivo of a detention of one day and seven hours at St Vincent where a call was made for coal and the total time ti e steamer was under way was 38 days 23 hours and 40 minutes Some very fast steaming was done and tho average speod per day was 31 li miles the greatest days work belDg dil miles Tbo Lusitania brought out 315 passengers CS of these I en n m the saloon Ihm quiok passage of tbo J uBitama has excited much attcn don Bbowing as it has done, that in Iho matter of steam communication via the Cape the colony may ho batter served by competition than by the subsidy of any par ticulnr line Tbo Lusitania Roes homo 1 y the Suez Cana) which route has also been chosen for tbe homeward voyage of the Whampoo It is interesting to noto that al though the August mail was delivered m Meiboumo a week before contraot time the time occupied between London and Mel bonrne was only one day less than the direct voyage of tbe Lusitania. The sbip MacdnfT from London was placed in quarantine on her arrival on the 10th nit, having had eight casca of am»li pox on board One of the patienti Mr 'IhoTuaB, died from the disease on July 2-< »nd there wau another death, that of Mm Mat tin, wnet died from debility conséquent ripon sea sickness Captain Watson himself wos seired with Email pox bat he waa nearly well on Lib arrival, and two of the otbor cases were convalescent All the psssongers and crew were landed at the quarantine station, where they wero vaccinated. No fresh outbreak of small poi has occurred, but tlieie has been sickness of other kinds amongnt tho pisaengorB and crow, who are still detained in quarantine The veosel having been fumigated and cleansed received pratique on the 21st ult and a fresh crew having been engaged, abo was brought np to the Sandridge pier to discharge her cirgo The Tree trado League of Victoria which was formed on the 11th August, 187G held its first annual meeting on the 30tti nit The report of tho executive com mutee described in detail the work of tbo league during the paßt year, and re ferred in the following tornan to the results ol the elections -" Your committoo regret the result of the general elections, but on looking back upon the past it is not dim cult to Beo that tho Free trade L°af,ue hue not been sufficiently long m operation to justify tbe expectation of a completo char ga of public opinion within so short a time The agency employed in England by tbe Anti com low Lcogue in circumstaucea much more favourable than exist in thm colony was continued for not less than 10 years before it was crowned with sucoss However, the actual resulto of the elec'ionB Bhow tbat tbo renl balance of opinion in favour of protection is by no means so great ob the returnB to Parliament appear to indi i ate. In the 21 single electorates in which there was a contest and of which alone it is possible to speak with any approach to ac curacy, there were nominated ¿I candidates whose views on free trade were more or lesa pronounced, and 32 protectionist candidates The former polled 13 CC3 votes and tho latter 15 -190 votes If, therefore the re spective positions of protection and free trade aro to be tested by numbers it will be seen that whilst the proportion of mern bera returned was as 15 to 9 the propor tion of voters was 15 to 13 This discrepancy between tbe ratios of members to voters appears in an aggravated form in those dis tiic'B which relurned two or moro members There is therefore every encouragomont for continued exertion on the pa-t of the Free trade League with a fair confidence that punciples which bave been conclusively proved to be true will sconor or later prevail in this colony ' Speeches were delivered by the president, Mr H IÎ. R«-id , Mr Langton, atd Mr. Murray Smith, in which similarly hopeful views wero expressed Votes of tbankB to the executive officers and com mutee of the league wero unanimously It waa mentioned m last month s Summary that some of Mr Marshall Wood 8 sculpture! were being exhibited in the National Gallery, It has since bien decided by the trustees of the institution to purchase the replica of the statue of Daphne for the Bum of 1,000 guineas. Tho statue of tho Oueon will probably be secured by tho Government, to be erected in tho contre of the new hall now in course of construction in connexion with the Parliament houses Mr. Wood l8 still in Melbourne The annual dinner given by the proprietors of The Argus Australasian, and Sketcher to the gentlemen connected with the literary commercial, and mechanical departments of those journals took place on Saturday, August l8 when between 50 and 60 guests assembled, ob usual, at Scott s Hotel. Mr James Spowers occupied the chair. The toast of " The Pro pnetora ' was proposed by Mr H George the general manager, who called attention to the fact that a proprietor waa now rosident in the colony, and was able to preside on such an occasion, and Bhow personally the good feeling of which the company had other wise bad maur proofs Mr James Spowers replied in appropriate terms, acknowledging tho indebtedness of the proprietors for the hearty co operation of all branched in main taming the efficiency of the office Mr Gowen ] vans responded for the semor proprietor, Mr, Wilson, Tho Hon J. S Johnston re- plied on behalf of Mr Mackinnon Saveral other toasts were proposed, Mr F.W. Haddon replying for The Argus, and Mr. H Gullett for The Australasian. The mayor of Melbourne, Mr Paterson has signalised his year of office by giving a fancy ball, and the affair took place at the Town hall on Tuesday last. There was a numerous company, 1,600 guests having ac cepted invitations, and the costumes were distinguished by both variety and bril- liancy. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen were present Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Bart, a member of the Victorian bar, has succeeded to the title on the death of his brother the late Sir Colman O'Loghlen. He has been informed by telegroph of his election to the House of Commons for the county of Clare in place of his late brother, and it is understood that he intends to go home for the purpose of taking his seat. An action baa been tried in tho Supreme Court in which Captain W C Chapman of tho Royal JNavy, wab sued ty Mr De Conroy Ira 'nnd, an a>Jx r > jj ol *ho la ' T D. Ireland (J C , for false i_, n r iut LUt, proceedings arose out of the disturbances that occurred in Tiji in 1873 when a number of tho planters disputed the authority of tho then lijian Government Mr Iräland waaat the time a settler on one of tho islands and was on e of the principal persons who resolved to reaiBt the then Government, behoving that the constitution that had been frarnod hal been broken and that tho white settlors were not sufficiently protected by the Government Captain Chapman who waB then in com mond of H M S Dido, was at the time at the island? and he interposed in the interests of peace Mr. Ireland said that his intervention was not solicited by the planters, and that they would have preferred him to remain neutral, as tbey were quite able to pro feet themselves. On the other hand Captain Chapman, in his evidence that was taken beforo he left for Logltnei, two years ago said that he interfered at the instance of both parties. The result was that a meeting of the planters was hold on board the Dido, when Captain Chapman promised to obtain an indemnity if the settlers laid down their arms and Bign an undertaking to that effect, but, at the same time, he said he should detain Mr Ireland and a Colonel White, who were accordingly I ept on board the vessel and were taken to Levuka where, however, they were allowed to go ashore on parolo till the dispute bad been finally settled with the Govern ment. This was the imprisonment of which Mr Ireland complained. Captain Chapman denied that he had detained either Mr Ireland or Colonel White against their will and said that he had only kept them for tboir own protection, and that they had assented to living on board his vessel, and that Mr. Ireland bad beon especially well treated as one of tho officer's cabins was given up to Mrs Ireland, and Mr Ireland was al lowed to mees with the wardroom officers All the circumstances were reported at the timo through Commodore Stirling to the Ad mualty, who expressed their approval of Coptain Chapman's conduct. The Chief Justice, who tried the case, loft it to the jury to say whether the plaintiff had been detained against his will, and tho jury, by a mnjority ot three fourths, found a verdict in favour of the defendant Had the verdict been for the plaintif an interesting point of law would have been discussed before the judges in banco and probably taken to the Pavy Council namely, whether the defend ant was answerable in a civil action, as his conduct had been approved of by his Bu periors It is stated that the plaintiff means to apply for a new trial Tosmaman salmon is no longer a rarity m Melbourne The success of the acclimatise tion experiment in the island colony is still doubted hy some, for the reason that no Balmon of largo size havo ever been taken in Tasmanian waters, but the verdict of those who have tasted tho fish in Melbourne seems to be that though the dimensions of such specimens as have been submitted for their opinion have been inconsiderable, they uro still genuine members of the species. The other day tho mayor of Molbourno invited a few friends to lunch at the Aciiorjrcum Club to taste two salmon which had boen for warded to him by the mayor ol Hobart Town, Tho two together weighed rather more than Clb Controversy aroBO aa to the shape of the fish, but most of those present were only acquainted with the fieh as it appears in the shop-windows of the London dealers in the article I rom this point of view there was great room for argument Tho fish had not attained that shape with which pcopl« who buy salmon in Londun are familiar, When it carno to the tasting it waa another thing Then, without any regard to the shape of the fish, it was left to the company to determine whether the; were eatlugsalmon. One of the specimens on the table was deoidedly better than the other, and the conclusion arrived at hy tbe mDjotity waa that in the case of the better of the two Deb, if a portion of it had boon placed before a customer at a London restaurant as salmon, he would have eaten it and been satisfied. It was not the best kind of salmon, such as ho would have expec c1 at tho table of a weal by connoisseur, who might be supposed to havo nothing but a choice spocimen from tbo Sovern, but in an nidinaiy dining resort in London it would have passed. We hear of the two fish hav- ing been submitted to Professor M'Coy. Ho haB given an opinion in writing to the effect that the fish wero the true salmon-mbno salar. At Iho instance of the bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Moorhouse, a plan baa been Bet on foot for tbo religious instruction of Church of Eng. land children attending Btate schools. Under tbo secular system of the colony no religious teaching in school hours is permitted, and though there are Sunday-schools belonging to »he denomination, it ia felt that they are not sufficient. What is wanted is a school for imparting religious instruction to children during the week. The bishop, who has entered into tbe subject with the energy and enthusi- asm wbicb characterise all bin proceedings in connexion with church affair.;, has de- livered addresses in Melbourne and the suburbn, where church socloties havo teen formed to undertake the work. In Melbourne au influential meeting was held ut the Atherüeurrj, at which the Chief Juetice presided, and everywhere tho bishop's appeal has been heartily responded to. A Hood moriy members havo enrolled their narncp, but the societies havo not yet had time to becomo thoroughly organised. In connexion with tho church in Victoria it may be mentioned that Dr. Moorhouse has followed the Knglish custom appertaining to the rccleeiaBlical government of the Church of England, by appointing several members of the clergy to the office of rural deans of various districts of the colony. The func- tions of the newly-elocted rural deans, who have no predecessors in the colony, will be to periodically visit the churches under their BuperviBion, report upon their wants, and niütíers otherwise affecting thom, and afford tbe medium of communication between the elerey and the biBbop. Tbo Rev. Mr. Jacob3on, son of the Bishop of Chester, was a passenger by tho ship Mel- bourne, which arrived ou the 27th ult. On tie following day Mr. Thos Spurgeon, son of the Rev. C. II. Spurgeon, of the Tabernacle, arrived by the Bhip Lrtdy Jocelyn. The population of Victoria increases very slowly. It was estimated by the Govern- ment statist on Juno 30 at 810.021, viz, 460,907 males and 383.114 females. The in- crease duiirg the quarter ending June 30 by excess of births over deaths was 3,034, and that l.y excess of arrivals over departures 2110 ¡ tbe total increase being 5,1.14. Fatal occurrences have been more than ordinoii'y numerous and distressing. At Koroit, a farmer named Stanton was killed by a pistol shot, wbicb, it is believed, was fired accidentally by his son, John Stanton, The young man seemed overwhelmed by what bad happened, and a few days after- wards committed suicide by shooting himsolf. This proved euch a shock to bis mother, who was in bad bealtb, that she died within an hour and a half after tho nowa reached her. At tbe AH Nations Mine, Derwent Jack's, near Teesdale, a fall of earth took place, killing two minerB named Robert Catchpole and George Yonng, and injuring a tbitd. A mining accident at Rutherglen caused tbo death of Mr. William Thorne, manager of the Bank of Victoria, who fell a diBtanco of 80ft., and waB killed on the epot. A clerk in the Oriental Bank, Melbourne, named Paxton, went for a row on tbo River Yarra, when the light beat he was using capsized, and he was drowned in the sight of several persons, who were unable to rescue him. At Lake Burrumbeet, two young men named Joseph Tyler and Ilenry Johnston went out in a boat, when a Rtorm arose in which they wero lost On Friday last, the horses drawing an omnibus going from Melbourne to Richmond took fright, owing to tho breaking of a spring. A lady in her alarm opened the door and jumped out, and falling on her head was almoBt instantaneously killed. A Bed case of drowning at sea haB boon re- ported by the barque Chacma, which arrived from Bristol on tbo 14th ult., having lost hor master and one of tho crew. The Chacma, yvbicb was commanded by Captain Owen Jones, left Bristol on May 9, and had proceeded on her voyago as far as lat. 38deg. 32min. S., and long. 7deg. 2Smin. W" when on July 2 Bhe was overtaken by a very heavy gale from N. veering to N.VV. The gale continued to rage with hurricane violence, and at half-past 10 p.m. Captain Jones, who was exceedingly anxious about the safety of the barque, was on deck, leaning against tbe rail on the port quarter, with his arm round tho vang for eofety. The chief officer at tho same time was standing beeide the man at the wheel, and ob a pudden equal! b1 nick the barquo be went forward as far as tho main-rigging until it was over. Captain Jones had altered tbe course bo an to keep the vessel more before the wind, and when tho chief officer went aft again be did cot Bee Captain Jones at his poBt, and was under tbeimpreseion that hehad gone below to the cabin. He, however, was not again Been, and it became evident that be had fallen or been washed overboard. Previous to Ibis ocenrrence, an able seaman named Ilenry Forde, a German, fell into the sea aud perished. Justice in Victoriahasbeen vindicated under rather singular circumstances. Towards the end of 1873 tho secretary and treasurer for tbo shire council of Darebin, Hiram Walter Paterson, left his situation and dis- appeared from the colony, and after his de- parture it was discovered that tbore wero deficiencies in bis accounts amounting in tho aggregate to £500. Steps were taken for his apprehension on a charge of embezzlement, but years passed away without any trace of bim being discovered. He wai recently recog- nised, however, in Christchurch, New Zea- land, where he held a situation as an accountant, and was arrested by the local deteclives. Constable Robinson was then Feiit to bring the prisoner to Melbourne, and ho bas relurned with his charge. Paterson is now being prosecuted in the usual manner. _ POLITICAL. The Treasurer delivered htB financial state, ment on August 10. He proposes remissions of cuBtoms duties to the extent of [£161,239, and new and increased duties to the extant of £33,500. He submits again the land tax brought forward by him two years ago, estimated to biing in £'200,000, and a tax on imported stock to bring in £50,000. The proposals have met with a good deal of criticiBm, but the debate on the budget, after lasting three nights, was concluded without a division. The land tax will be taken first, and the other proposals will follow in their order. The Railway Construction Bill bas been sent to the Council, who decided to call evidence at tho bar of the House respect- ing several lines. The nature of the evidence taken baa been snch that it is probable the measure will be amended in some important respects. THE BUDGET. The Treasurer made his financial state- ment on August IG. He stated that the revenueforthopaBtyear,187C-7,waB £1.563,7S0, including a balance of £51,351 brought for- ward from the statement of accounts for the previous year. The expenditure had amounted to £4,358,109, showing a balance on tbo year of £205,071. This balance, how- ever, was not a real surplus, because there wero very considerable liabilities to bs defrayed out of it, and the amount was simply one due for services rendered in the year that was past, bat which did not como in conree of payment at the Treasury up to the time that the financial year was closed. The estimated revenue for the year 1877-S waa £4,G72,880, or including the balance from the previous year and amount duo by othor Governments on the poBtal service,£4.904,180 The estimated expenditure was £4 860,114, including special appropriations £1,043,037, and general eutimateB £3,210,477, leaving an estimated balance on the year of £14,000. There was some increase in the estimates of expenditure. In the Chief Secretary's de- partment tbere was an increase of £20,000, consisting of an increase of Cd. per day for long-eervice men in the police force, and of a som of £10,000 to provide for the representa lien of tbo colony at the Paris Exhibition, In tbo Education department there was an ¡Dcreneo of £32,000, principally upon salaries and results of teachers. Upon the Public Works department thoro was also a large in cieoeo, notwithstanding the transfer of Borne pnblio workB to the Harbour Trust, For the Postal department there waa an increaso of £12,000, to provide for the extension of poBtal and iclegraphio communication ; and on the Railway department there was also an increase, including a sum of £50,000 to supply the deficiency in the rolling stock. No prospecting vote was proposed this year, tbe net result of the expenditure of £4,698 9s. Cd. last jertr in prospecting operations being .lo?. Odwt lGigr of gold wbioh had thus coat consideraoly over ii 000 an ounce It woe proposed however to expend £5 000 in the purchase of a diamond drill with a view of thoroughly tes ing the country by boring The ppecial appropriations for the year werein creased by £110 000 representing the increase of interest consequent on tho last loan He contended that the ordinary expenditure on those departments which came within tbo ordinary duty of the Government had not m creaBed He desired to mention that amongst the items included in the estimates for public workB waa £100 000 for the oonstrnction of the forts recently recommended by Sir W Jervois The Government bad resolved rather to crnstruct these works by means of some addi tonal expenditure ouf of the carront revenue of the year than to ask Parliament to sanction a small loan at this particular time as in all probability within 12 months the House would be asked to sanction a large loan for railway purposes in order to afford railway communication to various distri ta of the colony It would be inexpedient to contemplate floating a small loan at the present juncture while it was highly desirable that this work should not bo delayed It was also desirable to keep na closely ob possible to ti e principle that loat b ebould h» simply for reproductive woikH In 1883 the loan for £8 000 000 would mature and by the conversion of this loan a large saving of interest should be effected which would go a long woy towards pa»ing the interest on the loan required to complete the ruihrnys of the colony Ho had adopted an alteration in the mode of presenting the accounts by dividing them into three divi BionE-(1) Taxation proper (3) the public eatftf and (3) public works of a reproductivo character works which are in the form of commercial undertakings The following statement showed the accounts for the post and pieeent year - 1876 7 Toics £1086 778 Bipendituro _ £1 007 837 PuhlccBtate 1090 602 Expenditure 700 018 Public works 1 426 061 Expenditure 1 740 8"4 £4 612,420 £4 358 100 1877 8 Expenditure £2,140 403 Taxes £1040 0S0 1» w taicB 106 000 Public «tate 1 001100 Public worke 1686 760 Expen llturo Expenditure £4 850 114 Ï4 672 880 With regard to the rovenue he believed the revenue for the current year would not be let- than the past year Owing to the increased manufacture of tobacco m the colony the revenue from this item had greatly decreased and the revenue from this ecurce wob estimated at only £02 000 U,>on temtonal revenue a deficiency of £J0 000 was estimated as compared with last year but on excise and inland revonue an increase of over £o0 000 principally upan the legacy dutieB was anticipated I rom railways IsEt yenr the actual receipts wore £1 0"S 083 and ti e présent year ti ey oi peeled to receive £1 1j8 o0 There was every probabili y o! the customs revonue maintaining its elasticity as shown by the fact Hat for ibe first five wekn of the year there was an incicise of £10 000 equal to £100 0CO a year It was his intention to mi ke provision for increasing the amount of the curret t cash balance in the Treasury in order to render the Treasurer independent of the monetary assistance of the banks to carry on the largo transactions of the country not only with independence but with celerity Another mutier he intended to provide for was the erection in Melbourne ot an exhibí tion building of a peimanont charicter the cost of which would be from £80 000 to £100 00O A ram of £" 000 was placed on the estimates for this year tho passing of which would adopt the punciple It was in tended to apply to the Home Government ti at Victoria Bnould be th» next country whero an international exhibition should bo held oo that followine the Paris Eihibition f 1878 there should bo an exhibition tn be held in Melbourne in October 1879 The Treasurer then proceeded to unfold bia toxation proposals. In making a remission of customs duties the principle on which the Government bad acted was that whilst making considerable remissions of the diatoms duties no duty would be interfered with that waB of a protective character and to remit those duties that pressed unduly on any particular trade or interfered with any industry The remissions proposed on fixed duliea amounted to £S0 7o3 on 20 per cent du lee £14 810 and on 10 per cent dutiea £jj C7C making a total remission of dutieB amounting to £101 239 As the alterations would only take effect from the 1st of January next the current revenue would bo affected only to the extent of £85 000 New and increased dutiea were also proposed the revenue from the now dutieB the principal one of which waa a tax of gunny bags corneacks and woolpacks being estimated at £ir 000 and on the in creased dutieB at £18 o00 making a total of £o3 COO of which £°S 000 would be received dnung the current year The net decreaso in the Customs revenue from these altera tiona would be £197 739 or on the current veor £./" 000 lhore were also a fewduties changed from a I inlorem to fixed duties (The details of the new tariff and other taxa non proposals are published in fall in another coluuii ) The other taxation proposals were a land tax precisely similar to the one sub mi ted by Mr Ben y two years-if and a tax upon stock commit into tnecolooj Cmo rr n g the land tax Mr Beny s a ed th& uftet the most caieiul consideration he had found it impossible to improve his former proposal or d it had been endorsen as absolutely f.ir and just by a very largo mojontj of the country The tax w ia plac d upon the natural value of the land ai d thore was on exen piton up to a capital valúa of £"> j00 which would operate not only on eutatcs under that limit but the exemption would 1 o deducted m the case of large estates also The natural value of the land was taken at from £1 to £1 per acre bo that estates of 610 acree of the best land and mach larger area» of low class lands would be exempted Thus, a man holding 1000 acres of tbe best land would poy only on 300 acres or a man with 2 0C0 acres on 1 3G0 acres lhero would be a classification of tbo land under whic> the poor sorts would be separated from tho neb and taxed in proportion to their quality Practically when the lands were classiGod the tax would be found to amount to 3d an acre upon the lowest class Od an acre on the second 9d an acre on the third and 1b an acre on the highest It waa notorious that the valuation of land was under the mark rather than ovor if hat taking tho valuation made by the local bodies-m the case of the best lands 10s an acre-the 1 labest rate which tbo Government propose to levy v,ould amount to 10 per cent, of the annual value The tax oould not therefore be said to amount to confiscation It was a foirtax and had been too long delayed and the tendency ho hoped would undoubtedly be to render it more profitable to subdivide large eBtates into small ones than to aggregate small into large Surely a legiti mate result to aim at if no injustice be done Iho owners of the large landed estates bad for years enjoyed great advantages and had been exempted from taxation Their estates bad been rendered by the expenditure of money on railways and roads far more valu able than they otherwise wonld have been He knew that many of the supporters of the Government considered the proposal far too moderate and that after the expression of opinion given by the country they should have submitted a substantial and progressive land tax-almost a penal tax-a tax which SB it were would havo almost compelled the subdivision of estates But the Government had not done that believing that whatever evils had been done in the past they could not be remedied at onoe, or evon in our own day This tax it waa esti mated wonld yield £220 000 but to bo within the mark £200,000 was plaood down In addition to the land tax it waa pro Eoeed to impose a duty on all sheep cattle orees and pigs imported into the colonv either by land or soa -Oxon Ob per hoad horses Sa sheep 9d pigs 2a which it was estimated would yieljl £50 000 a year The tax waa in accord with the fiscal policy ac ce pt ed by the country and wonld have been proposed yeal sago but for tho large interest held by Victorians m Riverina which had alwovB been very largely represented in this branch of the Legislature The roaring of cattle nnd sheep was now followed not only by squatters but by selectors and farmers in all parts of the colony Somo breeders had purchased land at high prices and all paid considerably more for their land than was paid m tbo neighbouring colonies for tra/, ng righlB This tax would not in any w^y et haï ce the puco of meat to the consumer and in the opinion of the best judgos a tin of this sort could be fairly imposed without tie slightest probability of raising the price of meat in tbe Melbourne market Apart from the inherent justice of the tax tbero was a reason though it had not recommended the duty to the Government which must not be overlooked viz that though we had thrown our markets open to the Btookownera of the neighbouring colonies these colonies had placed most vexatious re BtrictiouB upon theBtockovroetBof this colon;, ' The Government would have been glad to have remitted tbe duty on tea, bat the re venue, in face of the large expenditure, would scarcely admit of that large remission with tht other remissions and dried fruits bad been selected instead the rovenue from which was more than half the revenue from tra B le fly summed up, the Government r roposals were this -1 be not Iobs on tho Harbour Trust was £r0 000 and tho net re dnctionson cuBtoms£12S 000-£178 000 in all Speciol workB the Government proposed to construct represented £170 0C0-£318 000 in al) To meet that there was a land tax of £200 000 and a stock duty £50 000, which, with £72 000 for bix months' remissions on duties roakeB £ )22 000 There was no large margin left for the futuro , but he be íevod the colony was upon the eve of a very large meofuro of material proBponty. Next year bo hoped to make a very large reduction in the public expenditure Mr Berry concluded his statement by proposing the land tax roso lution. Tho debato on the Budget lasted only three nights The proposals of the Treasurer were subjected to a nevero criticism by Sir James M Culloch, Sir John 0 Shanassy, Mr Service and otber members on the Opposition sido of the Hruee Sir John O Shanaeey contended that the expenditure on tbo defences and on railway rolling Block should be provided for by loans and i ot taken out ol the general revenue The defence schemo of Sir W Jervois should bo dealt with as o whole and the funds pro vided by bill to placo the matter beyond the reach of changes of Government Tho land tax, according to the Treasurer, would average abc ut Od an acre-not an excessive tax though it seoicod ndiculru«i to be voting an annual subsidy of £110 000 to ehiros on the one hand, and to ask for £200 000 from shire lands on the other Ho maintained that the tax on stock would fall upon the corjBumorB, would diminish tbe supply of sheep to the Melbourne market, and would Betionely intoifere with meat preserving factories and candle works Sir James M Culloch stated that when he entered tilico there was a deficit and he had pasee d over £140 000 as a surplus to his Buccessor. Concerning the revision of the tariff be expressed tbe opinion that thn Treasurer might have done much more for trade and commerce than be had done Tho fruit duties did not press heavily, and they brought m £16 000 and it would have bsen b tier to remit such imposts as the duties on eiploBtves and on patent machinery, and on maize, which affected largo bodies of work ing men Instead of that he remitted £1 000 on carpoting and £0 000 on kid glove? He condemned tho proposal to tax cornsack» gunnybags Ko which would tox the farmer to the extent of Id a bag for the sake of tw j manufacturers in Melbourne wno weredoi ig remarkably well at the present time He pointe d out that a proper tax to impose would be an excise duty on colonial tobacco. With refp»ct to the land tax he said that he waa in lavour of making property bear ita barden »ml in 1871 ho had proposed to tax proper y instead of increasing the customs duea to 20 per cent, but though land should be taxed, be could not see why town lands should escape and only the country lands be made to fuller The largo landowners were a small and helpless clats, and it was a groas injus tice to tax tbem and exempt the rest of the commni lty He calculated that the tax would amount to lu and 10 per cent. The du y on, Btock bethought was most unwise Hie private advices assured him that the equatterB on tho otber side of the Murray bad long been coi Bidenng the adviaabth'y of resorting to the boiling pot, and the 9d per bead on Bbeep would turn the scale As a consequence prices muBt riso Moreover the tax was laymg the foundation of bad feeling between two colonies whose interests should be as one Mr Service defended taking the £100,000 from revenue for defence purposes He also advocated a duty on unmanufactured tobacco, the revenue on tobtcco having fallen off in a few yeais from £150 000 to £00 000 He sup ported the second rcadinp of the land tax, with a view of improving tho scheme ia de tail in committee He was of opinion that all property Bhould bo taxed, and he thought tbo tax proposed on land too high He op- posed tbe duty on stock, believing that it would full upon the consumer, and it would BtriouBly prejudice the meat preserving in destry He condemned, also the duty on hups and sacks which would amount to an impost of 4d per acre on grain growing dis tncts and 2s, per acre on potato districts. Mr Berry in reply admitted that a fair and moderate duty might in tho future be reason ably imposed upon colonial tobacco Bus on tbe present occasion he did not wish to in terfeie with a tiado which had flourished under protection and which he hoped soon to seo in a position to export produce He atgucd that Sir James M Culloch and Mr Stivico had feilen into an error m esti mating tie rate of the land tax at 10 or 17 per cent, because they had taken the arbitrary value of the Govern ment resolution. But the land which the Government assessed at £1 per acre was worth k¿ per aero in the market and therefore the lb per cent must be divided by three The duty on live stock he defended, and also the duty on bags He looked forward to a federa tion of the colonies on a baBis of protection, believing that a protective policy gavo the only I OEtible chance of union Other countries had be«n dntcn to unite by the fear of hostile invasion. Vie were free from that danger, but wo bad to encounter a commercial ng pression equally injurious for it deprived the leople of (bo cbnnco of employment He 1 oped to be able to carry the war into New St uti) Violes, and to seo that colony a pro- tective community, and then the policy would soon spread to Queensland, and federation would be a possibility The debate on the Budget closed without a div sion, and the land tax resolution was agteed to TUE I AND TW, The land tax resolution agreed to In com mittee haB been embodied in a bill which bas been submitted to tho Assembly. The tax ib to the following effect -' On all lands alienated in fee from the Crown there shall be charged yearly in reaped ot the property thereof for every £100 of the capital value of such lands the sum of £15s , und in the same proportion for any frac iionol part thereof that m order to ascer- tain such capital value such lands shall be divided into four classes and valued as foi Iowb that is to say-1 irat class, £4 per acre second class £3 per acre, third claps £2 per acre , fourth class, £L per acre Snch classification to be based on the gracing capabilities of suoh land, and to be esti mated as follows viz. -Land capable of carrying two sheep or more to the acre to be included in the first class, land capable of ci.rrjint, thteo sheep to two acres to be included in the second class, land capable of coirymg ono Bbeep to tho acre to be included in tbo tbird claeB , land not capable of carry mg one Bheep to the acre to bo included in the fourth class Provided that ey ery owner m fee simple shall to tbo extent of the value of £2 SOO bo exempt from Such rate, pro vided, also, that m levying the said rate or duty every tenant paying the same shall bo entitled to deduct from the next rent due to his landlord the amount so paid, and all covenants, contracts, or agreements contrary to the true effect and intent of this résolu tien shall be void and of no effect." The bill proioses to enact that "a landed estate' shall be cooBidored to bo " a parcel or parcels of land of upwards of 640 acres in extent, orming one area or separate areas, not more ban (distance to be filled up in committee) apaitvaluod . . , at upwards of £2 500,' Owrers include all who possess "any right, eu h r absoluto or conditional, of acquiring he fee simple ' The tax is to bo payable by equal half yearly instalments on the 1st Juno and tbo lat December in eaoh year Three fit and "proper persona will bo ap pointed to be commissioners of land tax,' who will Buponntend the classification of tho lond and they are to be armed with very ex coBivo powers Thoy will have authority to hear, leceive, and examine evidence, and punish witnesses by fino and imprisonment, or both, for wilful misbehaviour, intorrup tien, prevarication, neglect to attend when duly summoned, or to prodaco papers, &.c, without just oxcuBO, and refusal to answor questions " provided always that no Bach bne shall exceed fifty pounds, and suoh ira pnsonment shall be for a terra not exceeding nix months ' Tho Governor is oleo to boera povyoiedfoappointclasBiuers anytwoofwhom may claseify every landed estate in respect of which any person is liable to pay land mx, ' and for tbia purpose thoy aro to "have I on cr to enter at all reasonable hours in the daytimo into and upon any land, ' and put such questions to the person in occupation or chargo as they think necessary for the proper performonco of their duty. Neglect or refusal to answer truthfully will aubjoot per eons so interrogated to penalties simi- lar to thoeo wo havo just mentionod Within one month after publication of the classification made in the Government Gazette any dissatisfied owner may appeal to the commissioners, and every such appeal ia to be heard before the commissioners m a, summary way. Upon such bearing, the com- missioners may either confirm the densifica, lion, or remove the land in question to i lower claBS, making at the same time sut h order »s to costa aa to tbem may Beim just. Every decision or appeal is to be final. Appeal is not to stay the enforcement of ihs tax. A land tax register io to be compiled, »nd be open for inspection without payment. The liability of any person properly placM npon the land tax register will continue nnt 1 be lies given notice to the registrar according to the prescribed form, although ho may have ported with bia intoreBt in the property in re spect of which ho waa originally rated. Power is to be given to distrain for arreara, but a tenant will have the right to recover from his landlord. The comminsionera or the registrar will be able to call on any person who, in their opinion, can give evidence toucbing any matter material to the carrying out of tbo act to appear before a court of petty seEBiona, to answer on oath any ques- tions that may be pot to bim. The bill hi O been read a first time, and the second readir g will bo taken this week. THE NEW TAMFP. Tbe following ia a return of articles nptn which it is proposed to remit the duty ; ab o of the estimated value of importa thereof i nd amount of duty collected tboreon in 1876 : Fruits, dried.. _ Fleh, Baited, dried, or preserved in brim \- Ilk, preserved . iron, galvanfBod .. ., .. . lion wiro, Nob. 1 to 0 . Bctows. .. . Cub In bulk, excepting kerosene. Paints, wot or dry ..,._.. Kock Bait. Blates - . Timber, undressed. Timber, hickory, spokes and felloes ii thorough. _ ? , Bricks, bath. Cartridges., Cement . _ Twine, cowing or Beaming, ot hemp, cotton, or flax ,. _ " Fino gunpowder, In kegs ol not lees than 261b. weight net .. _ _ Total at fliod rates ol duty Under tho heading of / pparel, etc , Mado Up.-Everything excepting-Breeches, coats, capes, cloaks, costumes, collara, culla, Blcoves and acte, cruiolineB, cami- soles, dreBBOB, fura mado up, frocks, fronte, infante' hoods and hats, in faute' Bvvathos, Jackets, knlcker bocker fiuitB or portion of suits, leggings, mantles, nightdresses, pants, pullBBor, pottlcoats, pinafores, ru files, roboe, Bblits ot all kinds, Bklits, stays, Bhawls, trouBers,tunlce, veBts, wrlBtbands, men's, women's, and children's underclothing (not being boden) .. *. - Ui e'er tho beading of UanutactureB of Metals. - Anvils, beams and scales, bells (except bul- lock and horao), bonch BcrevvB, bridle and boot hooke, cast iron tanks, cast iron ventilators, caulking irons chains, cheBt bandies, clocha (iron), coaeh «crews, cork squeezers, curl- ing irons, cramps (wrought iron), diving apparatus, ferrules (wrought iron), funnel pipes, gasometers, lightning conductors, marline spikes, _icaBurea (iron), pincers, rakoB, sad irons, BtoelyardB, strap hingcB, switching bills, tuo Irons {cast and water), vjces. Under the boading of alachlneiy.-jdachinory used In the manufacturo of papor .. Under tho beading of Turnery.-Ivory billiard balla In the rough .. .. _ ,. Ur der tho heading of Musical Instruments. - All, oxcopt planofortcB, organs, and harmo- niums ,. _ .. .. Une'cr Iho heading of Marble ard Stone, Wrought-Blato BlabB not wbolly manufactured .. Gilt mouldings and beadings for picture frames, ol wood or ot other material Total, at 20 por cent, duty ., Ui der tho heading of Carpeting and druggotlng ., . Bilks and Manufactures containing Bilk.-Kvorythlng, excepting Bilka and Batlna m tho piece, silk volver- án d cranca in tho plcco _ atcrlalB for tollot coverB, antlmacas BaiB, curtains, handkerchiefs, and tnatorlals cut out, defined, marked, or in any way preparod for -lakinti up. , batches. Woollen Piece Goods, or goods of cot- ton, licon, or ot other material mixed with wool.-Evorjthiog, ex- cepting voBtlngs, trouserings, and coatings containing wool, br.ead clotbs, witneys and naps, all-wool shirtings, flannels .. .. Under the heading of I rugs and Preparations of Drugs.-All excoptlng theeo specially monlioued aB chargeablo with duty .. « Fancy goods . Tojb . Stationery, not othorwiso enumerated oil and otbor floorcloths ,, Hatcdwaro.-Door bandies, locks, Bhaft tips, Btump and finger JorntB and slot Irons used lncarrlago build- ing . - Hosiery (except woollen socks and Blockings) » .. - OlovcB _ .. .. _ ' Total at 10 per cent. duty.. DUTIES PROPOSED TO BE POT ON. ' Estimated Duty. Bags-Gunny and mats, at Od. per dozen 1 Corn, flour, &c.;, at Is. por dozen .. J- £10,000 Woolpacks, at 8d. each .) Qaealicrs and chaudellorB, at 20 per cen- ad valorem . 2,000 Ink-Printing, coloured, at l8, per lb. .. 800 Bae*dio trees-Riding, at 20s. por doren.. 1 Harness, at 10s. per dozon .. .. J Felt hoodB, pull-over hoods, and nuy arlielo of felt pioparod for the manufac- turo of ha-,¡at 6s. per dozen .. Jowollcry, partly manufactured, at 20 per cant. .. _ . Leather-Calf (excepting Fronch call and cruBt or rough-tanned calf) ., .. Juto matting., _ ., 70000 40200 12810 13620 17720 6920 8802 -Ü83 1200 1083 -,000 1,030 Total £16.000 DUTIES TO BE INOIIEASED ON. Estimated Additional Duty. Children's boots and shoes, Nob. 0 to 0, and slippers, from 8b. per dozen pain to 01. £1,800 DoorB, from 2s. Od. to 6s. each .. .. 2,000 Horseshoe nails, from B3, to 129. per owt.'.. 800 Bpirits- Perfumed, from 10s. to 15a. per gallon. 800 EarIhenware, from 10 por cent, to IB. 3- per cubic foot ,. - Gold and oliver loaf, from 10 por cent, to 20 per cent.. Jaconet frilling and rutiles, from 10 per cent to 20 percent. _ .. - Matches and voetaa, from IO por cent, to fixed ratcB of Od. per gross of boxos on wooden matches, la. and Is. 3d. on vestas Beor, ita, bottled . - 6,700 Total , RE0_PITUL_TION SHOWING THE ESTIMATED RESULTS ON THE BKVSWU- _ or For tho Year ' Annum 1877-8 Duties remitted at fixed rates. At 20 por cent. .. At 10 per cent. .. Estimated decrease for the year 1877- 8 60.763 14,810 69,070 101,230 83,(00 86,000 28,000 67,000 PROPOSED TO BE CHANGED FROM AD VALOREM TO FIXfJD RATES. Undor tho heading of " GlaBawaro." Present rate of duty, 20 por cent.; proposed rato por cubic loot, Is. Od. Undor tho hoading of "Earthenware." Proscnt rato of duty, 10 por cent.; propotod rato, Is. 3d. per cubic foot Undor tho holding of "Chlnawaro and Porcelain." Present rato of duty, 10 per cont; propoBod rato, Is. 3d. por cubic foot. Under tho heading of "Drugs" and " Drugs, Prepa rations of." Present rato of duty, 10 per cont; pro- posed rato-Aloes, 16b. or 12s. per cwt ; carbonato ol ammonia, Jd. por lb ; liquid ammonia, Id. por lb ; canahla indica. Id. por Ib.; carbolic acid, Od por gal.; puro carbolic acid, ed. per Ib.; oxalic acid, id. por lb ; picric acid, 3d. por lb,; t_tarlo acid, 2d. per lb ; cblorodyno, lOd. per lb.; cooculug lndicus, l8 Od. por cwt. ; faba amara, Is. Od. por owt ; gelatine. Od. per Ib.; puro glycorino, 3d. per Ib.; crudo Rlycorlno, Id. per lb,: grains of paradise or guinea grains, 2s. por cwt; llnBced meal, 2s. per cental; morphia, Is. Od. per oz.; nitrato of silver, Od. per oz ; nnx vómica, IB. Od. per cwt ; bromldo of potaa_um, 31. per lb.; lodldo of potaeeluni, lOd. per lb ; quassia, 16s. per ton. i Under the bonding ol "Silks, and all Manufactures coutalnii-g Silk." Proeont rate of (duty, 10 per coot; proposed rato-Bill-, undor 20In. wldo, Gd per yard ; Min. to 80lu. wldo, Oil. por yard ; over SOln. wldo, IB. por yard. ^ THE BUTÏ OS LIVE STOOK. Thefollowlrg- Is tbo resolution of willoh tho. Troa* Burcr lins glvon notice ;-That In Uou of tho registra tlou feo now payablo on tho uudorinotitlonod livo Stock tbo following duties shall hu chargod on all snell Block iuiportod by land or Boa on and aftor 17th day of August, 1877: Cows, oxen, halford, bulls, Bteors, calves, ex- cept working bullocks in teams .. .. Each 6s. Uortefl, marco, goldings, colts and lillies, uot in saddlo cr barness.Each 68. Sheep, whether nuns, owes, wethers, or lambs - .. .. -. .. .. EachSel. PlgB _ . - ,. ,. Each 2J. ESTIMATES OF REVENUE, The follow-g ia the Treasurer's eattmato of the revenue for the year ending 30th Jane, 1878. OOSTOSIB. Spirits . _ .. .. £199 600 Wine .. .. _ " " ., BOOM Beor ud older _.._.. .. 80,000 Tobacco and nail ,. .. _ .. 82,000 Clears .. <. .. .. laooo len.. .. _ .. .. .. ,. 70,000 Sugar and molasse«. 00,000 Coffee, chicory, soo», and chocolate ,, 15 600 Opium -...._ .. .. 10.000 Slea .. .. _ .. .. . 13.000 Hops .. .. ,. . 8,500 Matt . It 600 Dried and preMrre-i fruin and Tagotablss.. 43.000 Articles subject to »1 valorem dattes .. MO 000 All othor articles.. ., .. .. .. ÎS3 000 Wharfage rata - . - £0,600 ?£1,636,600 Ison HO iKilRD RSTHSUB. Bplrlla dlllllled In VIctoriu. £31500 Auctioneers' ileenoc* .. .. .. ,. 7.000 AU other licence! ....... 6 000 Act 606-rerccnt*eo .. .. _ 0 000 Duties on »tates of deceaiod pa ti na .. 00 500 Eitles on bank notes _ ,, ., ., 17,000 XassrroaUL, Land Revenue Alienation of Crown Lands By auction _ - ,,£110,000 By Licence and L«ase> ProtrroM payment« .. ., 6(6 000 Final payments . _ 80,000 Otherwise than by auction, licence, and 1mm . ,. 1.000 Penalties and Cots . 15,000 Total aUaeattos _ .. £781,000 licences and litases other tkan Agricultural Tees under licences,. - £17,900 Bents under leased .. .. 1,700 £19,600 Minera'right« .. >. « .. .. Btuincei liceaces M .. - .» Leases ct aorlfcroni and mineral lands -* Water-right and seaihlne lleenoss, ft«. ., Ptraiio Woasa. Bailtroy income _".... -1 Water Supply-Tan Vean _ ., .. ,, on the goldfields ,. ,. " Gaelont; . Alfred Oray-Ing Dock _ . Patent slip - ,. .. .. Crane . - .. .. £170,000 Tonnage Postage. Commission on money orders. Electric telegraph .. Fina Customs and harbour departments .. .. Mining department. ¿Ande For preparation of documents .. £82,000 Survey fees .. .10,060 «000 Scab prevention, &&. _ 8 SOO Curator of estates of deceased persons .. 800 Supreme Court, toñera! «.Melons and county courts, conns of mines, courts of petty ceseietis, courts of insolvency, registrar general, under the Transfer of Land Statute, Jury feos, miscellaneous fees .. 69,723 £180,000 Fra Ra Supreme Conrt, general sessions, county courts, and petty teuions .. _ .. 2 100 Other Sues and forftltues ., .. .. 2,400 £1,500 IfisaBLtiAKHoca. Bents (exclustTe of lause) . .. .. 440 Government printer _ . 10 000 Education . ~ 6,250 Penal establishments. 11,000 Industrial and reformatory schools.. .. S,015 Salo of Governrnmt proporty .... 1 915 Bale of animunltiua ,. .. _ .. 880 Hatter In lunacy .. « .. «. 4 7o0 Hint charges . .. .. 7,600 Intercat on public account.. 42,000 Interest on InTcctments .. - 18,250 Interest on loans to local bodies, Including arrears ~ .. .. .. .. 34.000 Interest on dapartmenial accounts- .. 2 000 SnrpluB (Mint subsidy) lo bo returned .. 7,000 Contribution by the Melbourne Corporation for maintenait« of public gordons, && .. 8 000 All oilier receipts . ¡15,000 Total estimated roTonns,. .. £4,470,830 < £(8 300 has boen allowed for drawbacks and re- paya en to. BSTIMATBS 0? BXPBKMTUBB. The following is an abstract of the esti- mated expenditure for the service of the year ending 30th June, 1S7S - - 1877 8 1870 7 £ e. Chief Secretary . - _ 510 811 620,111 Minister of Publie Instruction 484 608 452 672 Attorney-General .. 78,182 78,766 Treasurer *. . «07,677 509,371 81,753 Minister of Justice _ . 70.628 Commissioner of Crown Lande and Survoj aad Awnculture 161,015 173 443 ComniiESloner of Publie WorkE 415,284 645,913 Commissioner of Trade and Cus- toms _ . .. 83 425 01,000 PoBtmaster General »20,610 807,717 Commissioner cf Ballyrayi and BoadB .. - .. - 605 525 539 60S Minister of Mines - ,. .. 88 041 43 409 8 216 477 2 (93 602 Special appropriations .. 1043 037 1,533 230 4 800114 4 629 793 BA1LWAT COliSTTHJCTIOH BILL This measure han passed the Lower House, and bas been nnder consideration for two or three weeks in the Legislative Council. Ab wo intimated m the last Summary was probable, the Government withdrew tho Botanical gardens line, and substituted a proposal to oonnect with Oakleigh by moans of a line on the north bank of the river to Richmond, and then crossing to South Yarra, the terminal station being on the site of the old suburban railway station in Flinders street. This was agreed to, and on the 7th of August the bill was passed ia the Assembly and transmitted to tbe Council. In the Conned it wa3 resolved, on the motion of Sir Charles Sladen, to take evidence at the bar of the House with respect to several of the lio.ee included in the measure. He complained of the policy of flittering »way large sums of money in con- structing small branch linos of raüwky, which did not pay, instead of making national trunk line«. He contadered that we were making railways too fist for our limited population, and that in a f»w years we should be Buffering, hko the United S ates, from ex- haustion from this cauce. Tbo only way to make our railways pay waa by getting popu- lation to settle along them, and that was just what we were not doing. The second reading was agreed to on August 21, on the understanding that no pnncipl« was as3ented to beyond the desirability of railway con. etruclion being proceeded with. The Council have for the past fortnight been engaged m examining witness's, and bave now nearly concluded Upon tho con nexion of the Gipps Land line from Oakleigh with Melbourne, evidence was taken which showed that there were great objections to the new proposal of the Government. Mr Higinbothsm, the entttneer in chief, stated that he had not been consulted with regard to this line, contrary to tho usual coarso, and ho did not hold himself responsible for the line proponed. He considered that there were strong objections both to the Botanical gardens lino as ori- ginally proposed and to tho present one He expressed himself in favour of the outer circle line as the heavy portion of the Gipps land traffic stock anti firewood, ought to go to the north end of the city. Mr Robort Watson, resident engineer, who had laid out this line, estimated ita coat at £127,000 The engineer and secretary ol tho Hobson's Bay Company objected to tho proposal, as it would interfere v ith the extonaion of their station accommodation. Rjnniog powers could be obtained over the U B line atabiut £1,200 or £1,500 a year Uvidonco was a'*o taken with respect to the Goulburn Valley line, which «bowed the eupciionty of the western over the o utem route Concerning the St. Arnaud line the witncaaea woro moro equally dixided, but the balance of opinion weighed rather in favour of the Dunolly xoute. The examination ot witnessci will be conoluded this week. It ia p'obible that the further consideration of tho Rail woy Bill will then bo postponed nntil tbo following week, in order that tho evidence may be printed and considered by members JIIHIÍta OV M1VATB MtOrBBTr BILr The second reading of this measure, tho provisions of which were explained m our last summary, was agreed to on Atieunt 15 after a brief debate, ihe Minister ot Mme*, in supporting the measure, stated that in this colony the miners had only ventured to enter upon 2,700 iteres of private lands in conse- quence of the exorbitant demanda of the owners, and they bad paid £795 100 in the way of rent. The Port Phillip Company at Ballarat bad paid £123,000 for the pnvilogoof nuning under land the original coat of winch to the cwnsi was £40. He indloftted that he would amend the «wctaon which deprives owners of compensation if they do not put io . claim within three months of notica being given of an intention to mine on the property Onie measure was severely handled by somo of the gold-fields members, who conteaded that it ought not to " np up" existing contracts of a bonâ-ffd« character ; that it ought not to Imperil the interest* of companies who bave purchased land for roiuiog purposes at very high price« ; that it is not the province of the Crown to interfere ia all cases, but only in thoee m which owner and miner cannot agree ; and also that it would be moat injudicious to substituto n totally different measure for the one which, tue Aeeetnbly ha» four times sent to the -oumul Mr. Cooper, a mining member, in opposition io the statement by the Minister of Mina« respecting the exorbitant demands of land- owner«, instanced thb mining in and about tbe J.t-wern eetate, CreBivick. The Richard- son Western Company had 12 months agi paid -31.050 in dividends on a capital ol £2,175. Tbo Baron Rothschild Company had paid -.39,000 in dividends, upon a capital of £G,C(XI, Half a dozen kindred instances were quoted by the bon. member, who contended that if the Ministerial measure bad been in force, none of this successful and highly profitable mining would have taken placa. The bill has been nearly passed through «ommittee in the Assembly. There was considerable discussion as to whether or not existing contracts should bs exempt from the operation of the measure Major Smith stated that the final dé- terminai ian of the Government waa to allow of no alteration in this respect. No contract for mining for gold would be recog- nised, but whero tbe owner of the land and the miner were agreed between themselves power would be taken in the regulations under the bill to issue joint leases. An amendment baa been inserted, providing that when the owner or occupier of a property is not represented the compensation to which he is entitled shall be assessed, and shall be held in trust for six years. The list clause, which is a very important one, raising the question whether or not existing con- tracta Bhall be validated, has yet to be dealt with. LAND SELECTION. A report ¡BBued by the Lands department Bhows that selection still proceeds at a more iapid rate than was anticipated. Subjoined are the transactions under tbe present act: UnDiit lOru Fnoriorr. Year. Applications Approved. Acreage. 1870 J 3,017 320.719 ii7i .:? 4,676 «77.6S5 1572 .. 7,771 780 819 1673 .. 0.080 1,011.779 1874 .. 0.678 1809 003 IMS " d,8?0 1.171,819 1876 .. 6,785 1,029,141 Döring tbe first seven months ot this year 580,000 acres have been licensed ander sec- tion 19 ; 991,000 acres have been applied for, being an average of 125.000 acres per month for the first six months, 2.0,000 acres having been applied for in July alone. Selection will therefore, in all probability, bo consider, ably greater this year than it has been for the past two yeara. The selectors as a whole seem to be of the right class, consisting chiefly ol farmers and labourers. The increase of selectors íb acconnted for by the fact that 10,000 persons attain the age of l8 every year, and a steady flow of South Auttraliaua still cornea across the border into our North, western district. Up to the end of 1870, 1,597,981 acres were held nnder section 20 in granta and leases, these having commenced to ¡sane 3_ years previously ; yet up to the end of lost jeßr only 43,787 acres of grants had been transferred (2.7 per cent.) and of that area only 12,053 acres, or J per cent, had passed to large landed proprietors, a third of this area being in the Hamilton district. The transfère of leases amounted to 79,091 acres. As doubts were entertained of the bona fides of those selectors who had mortgaged their leases, a rapid inspection was made all over the colony in the oarly part of July, and 388 holdings, of 63,143 acree, were visited. It wasi found that 12,835 acres were cultivated, that 255 selectora were resident, 100 were re- siding on other selections or freeholds adja- cent, end 33 had sold out, mostly for good and fUfficientreasonB. Three thousand eight hun- dred of the selections made in the year 1875, averaging about IS months old at the time of the inspefliioD, bave been visited. The result ie as under :-Aroa, G50.000 aerea ; culti- vated, 25 000 acres; residing on the land, -1,070 ; residing adjoining, 700 ; residiua with- in five miles, C50-total, 3,020 ; bayond five miles, 433; forfeited for non-compliance with or violation of conditions, 317-total, 3,800. Tbo rf guiationH nnder which the Minister of Lands proposed to allow the mortgaging of leases bave been gazetted. Tho intention ia to allow holders of 200 acres and upwards to obtain advances of fl per acre, provided that the Minister is satisfied of the liona, fides of the application, and provided that tho lease- holder and the mortgagee shall show the clargeB to bo incurred. It is stated that | three banking companies - the Bank of ViotoriB, the Australian and European Bank, and the City of Ballarat Bank- are prepared to transact business on these conditions. THE SOUTH Girrs -AND ELECTION. The decision of the Elections and Qualifica- tions Committee declaring that Dr. Macart- ney, the member for Sjuth Gipps Land, waa disqualified on the ground that ho was at the time of election a minister of religion, waa submitted to the As- sembly on August 8. Tile committee did not give tbe eeat to tho petitioner, Mr. Mason, but simply reported the soat vacant. Tho Government wore strongly opposed to the decision of the committee in disqualify« ing Dr. Macartney, so ninch bo that Mr. Berry declared tho decision to bo an outrage on common sense, and intimated that had the seat been given to Mr, Mason the Govern- ment would have beon prepared to havo asked the House to refuse to receive the report. The Beat however being only de- clared vacant, Mr, Berry did not caro to adopt such a decided course, and contented himcelf with submitting the following declara- tory resolution with reference to the dis- qualification of ministers of religion, for the guidance of election committees in fatare : "That this House declarea that any person having been at any timo a minister of any religions denomination, who may, prior to his election na tv member of this Assembly, have publicly ceased to profesa to be such minister, and evidenced the cessation of his ministry by eomo public act, is, in the opinion of tbia House, capable of being elected a number of this Assembly, and is not within tbo disqualifying proviso of the 11th section of the Constitution Act." Mr. Service defended the decision of the committee, and maintained that however unjustly tbe hw might presa in particular oasec, it was tbo duty of the committee co carry out that law, and he submitted that Dr. Macartney was disqualified by law. He maintained that a real disability existed, one which could not be got over by résolu, tion, and that the right course for the Go- vernment to take was to introduce a short measure to amend the Constitution Act, After a long debote, the declaratory resolu- tion was carried by a majority of IS votes. Mr. Berry intimated that at some future time he would be willing to proceed by bill to amend the Constitution Act by striking the wold " minister " out of the 11th clauBO, and leaving the constituencies free to return whom they pleased. The result of the fresh election for South Gipps Land waa that Dr. Macartney was re- flected by a majority of 94, the votes being Macartney, 4C0; Mason, 3GG. The Govern- ment cot having concealed their intcnlion to intercept any new petition against Dr. Mac r.rlney, the defeated candidate considera it \\!_ele_B topreos tho matter further, ELECTION rETITI0-S. Since tbo conclusion of the Macartney case the Elections Committee have been eie-licg with the petition against Mr. Gillieo, member for Rodney, The petition alleges bribery and undae influence in improperly ieeuing lenses to selectors, the rutting mombor being Mini: ter of L-iids at the time of tho election ; also that some of the ballot-papers wrro not numbered, and that certain persons voted twice. The cusa hoB lasted now for threo weeko and at the present rate of pro. trees several weeks, if notraonthü, will elapso íefore any final decision can he arrivod at, The inquiry is resolving itself into an oximi nnliou into tbe conduct of tbo Lauds de- partment respecting the issue of leases iu the R-dnev district. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen hne abandoned the pslitiou presented on his behalf against tho return of the sitting n.tmbeiB for North Melbourne-Messra. Story nd Làurem. THE CAPE EODTB. The precent Government nre desirous of Hteblit-hing a mail service vid thu Cope of Good Hope, and au tffort was made by Mr. Perry to clcse with un offer made by the Ik-Bsie. Gieen through Mr. J. G. Francia abcut 12 months ago. On Juno 20 Mr. Berry instructed Mr. Michie epeciGc-lly to accopt and sign a contrae; wiihout further referenco should the MeRsra. Groen renew the offer mode last yeartbrough Mr. Francis. On tho pgent-genernl intimating that the Messrs. Green proposed to float a company to work the contract, Mr. Berry stated that he could not have the matter hung up while a com. pony waa being formed, but conld only leccgniee the Messrs. Green. Tbe very quick passage of the Lusitania, a steamer 1» longing to other owners, led the Chief Secretary to telepraph to the ngent general "to hold his hand," as nu offer from the owners of that vessel mi^blbe expected, Mr. Berry has intimntoi in the Assombly that if the Government obtained " an undeniably good offer-one there could beno doubt about" -they would undertake the responsibility of excepting it at once. The advisability of concluding any arraniiemont of the kind which would havo the effect of interfering with tbo competition at present existing is questioned by many, and Mr. Service nas given notice of hia intention to bring the subject before the House, that it may bs fully discussed. PATMENT OF ME-B_na, Payment of members ia to be continued oi each at leant ia the desire of a majority ot the Lfgirlfttivo ApMuibly. At a caucas meeting tit Government supporters huid oa August 23 a rcBolutiou was carried affirmiag -(har, that paymeat of mernbera of the Legialative Assembly is noceasary for tho preservation of tho pulilical rights of the people of Victoria ; and, secondly, that the Ministty bo supported in any course they may take to place eucb uaymcnt on a secare and pormanont basis. The result U to leave Ministers free to take whatever course they deem oxpedicnt It is calculated that 51 members are pledged to the principio. sorpLT. Another temporary Supply Bill for £750,000, providing for the expenditure of tho public service for the enrming two months, has peeeed both Houses aud raceived the nwent of the Governor. Objection was raised that these repeated <t<? interim mea- sures withdrew from the Aaeambl; its law. foi control of the finances of the country. Mr. Berry promised that this should bo the last Since that time some progress han been made with the Estimates. It is intended to proceed with supply regularly ou Wednes evenings after tho termination of the hours allotted to private bueiuess, in accordance with a recommendation oi the Standing Orders Committee to proceed with supply regularly on certain days. OTIIEE BOSItntSB. The Soprome Court Judicature Bill has been passed by the Council, and transmitted to the Assembly. A bill to grant the Mel bourne Corporation a portion of the Old Cemetery as a market site has been passed in both Houaca A bill to amend the law re- lating to friendly societies has been intro- duced, founded on the report of a Royal Commission. The debate on tbe declaratory resolution against the fencing in of public ror.da lias not yet been terminated. Mr. A. K. Smith estimated that to fence in all tbe roads on the survey map would require au outlay of eight millions of money, and au ' annual oxpendituro of £770,000, and ho de- clared that it was inconsistent with any system of political economy that such a sam | Bhould be expended upon a non- productive work. _ THE NEW TARIFF AND THE TRADE. I A number of the proposals in the new tariff have stirred up an agitation amongst trades and industries which expect to b3 injuriously affected by them. We have printed the tariff in fall in connexion with the budget Bpeech, and need only set forth here the imposts to which objection has been taken. LIVB STOCK. DUTIES. The strongest opposition has been raised against the duty on live stock, which is as follows: Cows, osen, heifers, balle, steers, ci!ro3, ex- cept yvorking bullocks in tennis .. .. L'icll 53. Dorses, mares, geldings, volts and flllleo, not instddloor harneas .. .. . ., .. Eich.5?. fcbeep, yy-bethcr rams, owes, yro'tliers, or lambs. _ Eschol. Fitts.Each 2a. Though in the Legislativo Assembly aud ia the press a good deal has been said agaiuBt the propriety of the tax, on the ground that it must raise the price of batcher's moat, the opposition has chiefly been carried on on bo half of the meat-preserving industry, whose operations it is likely to greatly redaco. if it does not wholly destroy them. The maueger of the Molbourno Meat-proBerv ing Company, Mr. S. S. Ritchie, has ppoken out very BtronRly ngainat the tax, and discussed the effect it will bave on tho im- pôt tation of eboep. It is estimated that Bbout 1,000,000 Bbeop annually come into tho colony across the River Murray. Of this number about one-fourth are bred on sta- tions near Deniliquin and Echaos, where they can bo quickly trausported to Mai bourne by rail, so es not to lose condition. These coneiet of from 481b, to 581b. sheep, which command an avorago price of 12s G1 ia the market, and find a ready sale as first, class butchers' mutton. If, ssys Mr. Ritchio, nil the sheep from Riverina were of this class, the belief of the Treasurer that the tax will fall on the New South Wales producer, and not on the consumer in this colony, would probably be correct. But three fourthBof.tho sheep for the most part " come from long distances, such as tho back blocks, the Darling River, and even from Queens- land, prime sheep, no doubt, when they start from the stations, but which, on arrival here, are mostly found to have suflerod from travelling, although perfectly Bonud and healthy. These sell at an average of 0s. G1, all the year round, and weigh from 351b. to 481b. per head, thus making the average of the whole, as before stated, to be 8s. The purchasers of these sheep are-1. The Braziers who hold land situated within a radius of 50 miles round Melbourne, who buy them for fattening. Many of these sheep find tbeir way back again to the Melbourne yards in improved condition, and many go to supply the townships in the viciuity, 2. The letail butchers who supply the poorer dis- tricts round Melbourne. 3. The meat pre- servers, who find them eligible for their par posen, not being too fat, which is an objec- tion." If the tax becomes law, a large pro- portion of the 750,000 sheep will be diverted from Melbourne to Sydney, which pre rerves and exports meat, or bailed douu. That conclusion has been arrived at on in- quiry into the net amount that the producer obtains from the sale of sheep at Ga. G j. Transit and other charges reduce the price by 2s. Gd., and the tax and new railway rates reduce it by lOJd., so that the net value stands at 3s, lid., which is no moro than the grazier can moko oat of bis stock by boiling the carcases down for the tallow and celling the skins. The number of sheep bought by the meat-preserving company is about 250,000 per annum, and an interesting calculation shows that tbe tax will fall ex- clusively on the meat. The company looks to recoup itself for the larger part of the cost of sheep by the sale of theskina and tallow, w hieb amount to within Is. Gd. or 2d. of the price of the sheep. This Bum of Is. Gd. or 2s, represents the value ot the lean meat pat into the tins-lGlb. to 181b. per sheep. As the company is not likely to get any more for its t-kii.H and tallow ander tbe tax than before tbo tax, 9d. must be added to the cost of the lean meat, but whenever the price of sheep ii6ts more than Is. Gd. or 2s. above the pro- ceeds of the tallow and the skin, the com. pan y has to Buspend its operations until the market lights itself. If, therefore, the effect of the tax should be to increase the margin between tallow and skins on the one hand, md the whole sheep on the other, the com- pany wonld have to stop altogether. As the company bas paid £147,513 in wages since it waa started eight yeata ago, the employés naturally thought they bad nome claim oa the consideration of the Government since it professes to look at every question from the point of view of the "working mau," ai-d a deputation waited on the Tieneurer. From the manner in which Mr. Berry dealt with the arguments brought forward, he evidently had very little sym patby with the enterprise, He said that weio it not for the meat-preserving com- panies, beef and mutton wonld not ba so denr cb thoy are, and the tendency of tho in- dustry wRB to raise prices much more than tbia tnx could do. Though tbo supply of ebctp from Riverina waa likely to be short Ibis year on account of the drought, yet the chief inspector of stock anticipated that four or five- hundred thousand sheep would ba re- ceived from S:uth Australia, a sourco, of rmpply never previously drawn on. That colony had not Buffered from tho drought in (bo Burne way aa Riverina and the other ratfe of New South Walos. There would aleo be larger supplies drawn from within the colony, and the eurplus stock, after the de- mands of the batchers had been satisfied, would be available for meat-preserving. The industry was one which was entitled t"> come into operation only when meat was a com- plete (hug in tho market, and there could be no doubt that jost now the prospects of the meat-preserving industry wero not very rosy. He did not think thiB tBX could bo shown to have any injurious effect, because the effect was rather to draw sheep to the market, on account of tbe scarcity of supply csused, from quarters where they had not received tbem before. Some capital was made out of the fact tbat the company BOBpended its opéra- tions for one or two months in the wiuter ecu* on, and it was spoken of on that account se an "intermittent industry." Some small support has been given to the tax by certain bleeders of stock, who are interested, however, not so muoh in the restriction of the import trade of tho colony as ia tho coercion of the New South Wales Go vemtr.ent into a withdrawal of the prohi- bitive quarantine regulations wbicb are in operation on the opposite aide of the Murray. There regulations are meant to keep oat Bcabby sheep, bat they keep out all sheep, and as Victoria is free from scab, thoy cer- tainly operate very stringently and unjustly opainet tho sheep-producers of this colony. The tariff, of which this live stock duty forma a part, will not come on for discussion until the land-tax measure, which is likely to fill up the next fortnight, has been disposed of. Upon several minor matters (now about to be mentioned) tbe Government have intimated an intention to give way, but to tbo live stock duty-which they deny will cause any scarcity of mutton-they apparently mean to adhere. The party bebind tbem are not absolutely unanimous on the question. EFFECT 01 NEW FIXED DOTIE3. The principal feature of the new tariff, apart from the rates on live stock, Is the substitution in a number of cases of fixed duties for ad valorem. For some time Dist I the trade bas impressed upon the Commie. ' uoner of Customa the enpcnority of fixed to ter rntage duties, but the rates adopted by the Government have beim on the wholo bo 1 eavy that an almost nnanimoas do m and I as been made for a return to ad tutíoren» Let ua take the duty on Bilka, which ia as e Howe -bilka and satins in the pioce, silk eh em and crapes in tho piece, and auch i be r manufacturée of which silk is the com louent material of chief value-ander 20m wide, Gd per yard , 20in. to 30m. wide, 91 per yard , ovor áOtn. wide, Is per yard. This impost falla with crashing woight on low I need goods, aa will bo seen on reference to he subjoined table - Ar icio. Prlco orr Yar Duty per Yan) Bato per Cent, Tcrtiian or Barsanet Vin satin cloth °_ln. empo "< r black if oegrain Slii black silk China ÏOIn Sd U\l 0 8v 3d. 83 Od ííBdtoO Od Od 0_ 01 9d. BJ. 75 02 loo 0 £0 43 to 101 One firm (it was stated in an interview be- tween the eoftgoods trade and the Commis- sioner) WBB called on to pa/ no less than £282 in duty under the new tariff on an invoice of £809, bul under the old tariff, at 10 per cent, tbe duty would only bave been ¿84. The Commissioner of Customs admitted that the duty would producoanomalouseffects,and was disposed to make it as fair as possible, but he did not see how anomalies were to be alto- gether avoided The trade have been invited to name rates which tbey think will be equi- valent to a 10 per cent duty, but to a fixed rate the Government seem inclined to adhere, as a means of preventing banda on the Ccetoms. Let ns next call attention to the change tb.t has been made in glassware, earthen ware &c; -Glassware, old rate of duty 20 per ct-fc, new rate per cubic foot la. 9d , earthenware old rate of duty 10 par cent i ew rate le 3d per cabio foot, chtnaware and porcelain, old rate of duty 10 per cent, rew rate Is 3d per cubic foot, matches and veelaB, from 10 per cent to fixed rates - 'Wooden matcheB, in boxe, cou taming 70 mntcheo in each box, or any les» number end bo on in proportion for any greater number, Od per groes of boxee. Wax vestas, m tin boxes containing 70 vestas In each box, or any less number, and bo on in proportion for any greater number, Is. 3d per groas of boxes, do, do , if in paper or other boxes, Ib. per gioBB of boxes." The new dutiea on glassware, eartbernware, chinaware, and matches fall very heavily on low- priced goods, and it seems probable, from the admission of the Commissioner that they turn oat to be unintentionally high, that they will be much reduced The ratea in aome cases amount *o 70, 80, 90 and even 125 per cent 1SEW 0E INCREASED DUTIES The impofiitionofnewor increased duties on partly manufactured gooda has called forth eome remonstrance from trades which use tbem oa raw material The following are the new duties which »re chiefly ob jictcd to -Saddle treeB, riding, at 20a. per dozen, harness, at 10a. per doren, filt hoods, pull over hoods, and any article e f felt prepared for the manufacture of hats, ut Gs perdoz»n, jewellery, partly manufac ured at 20 per cent, leather calf (excepting I ecch calf and crust or rough tanned calf) Ithaa been shown that the daty on saddle trees will amount to 40 per cent in eome caces ondeóme reduction may be looked for. Between manufactured jewellery which paya 20 per cent,, and portly mat ufactured which Las been called on to pay the same, the Com ruiEs or er of Customs has admitted that some oiptmcuon should be drawn , but the work mt jewellers have made lond demanda for a 20 per cent rate on both It has been shown ibat tbe dutiea on calf will seriously íntor fèio with the profits of the boot trade. _hty have been put on at the re- quera of currie s and Bmall tannera The boot trade and the principal tauuers who cmp'cy about 3 700 handp, unanimously con demn the new rate Ho-8kinn in the rough have been included in the leather duty, and tbo remorstianees of tho Saddlers don t ap- pear to hate had much effect on tho Com mtBEioner No doubt a eimple and ready cure for all complaints wonld with a protectionist Government, bo to raise the rates on manu far'uted goods like saddles aad bojts to 30 or 40 per cent, but no increases would do the trade any good, as they supply Riverina and South Australia So long aa the colonies are indersndent of one another, and hold dif fereut opinions about protection, no great in creates need be feared in Victoria on goods which are sold out- of the local market It ib expected that the new impost on the raw material of the saddlers and bootm»kerd runcr bandicap tbem heavily in competition wi'h New South Waloo and Siu^h Australu but the claims of roakora of saddle treoi and cf pullovers (for hate) and the curriers booti to be regarded aa irresistible The Corami3 doner of Trade and CuBtoms has promised o go carefully through all the complaints i bat bave been made, and the result will bo proclaimed when the now tariff is aubmitted or the approval of the Legislature Some objection has been taken to tho duty on children's Bhoep on account of ita amount, and to the retention of a duty of 10 per cent on woollen eocnB and stockings, when all classes of hosiery, savo thora, are for the future to bo lot in free The duty ou chil dren 's boots and shoes, Noa 0 to 0 and altp peri? has been ir creased from 3s per dozsn peirs to Gj wh.ch on average goods will amount to 25 or 30 per cent An application has been mado for the re- mission of the present duty of Is per 1001b on moi? THE HARBOUR TRUST, The question of tbe legality of the construe non of the Melbourne Harbour Trust has cropped upon more than one occasion during the pcetmontb, and the renident. of Wi hams own bave made an attempt to abolish the trust altogether The subject waa na the first place brought cflicially auder the notice of the oemii irpior era by a letter from the assistant coran isKoner of Customs (Mr Tyler), sta'mg that the Attorney General had been requested to draft an amended bill providing for the collection by the department concerned of wharfage ratre and other revenue payable under the Harbour Trust Act to the ttust commissioners, in the event of nu adverse decision by the Supreme Court with respect to the appointment of Mr M Ilwraith. He requested that if the commistioncro considered any further orrendmenta necessary they should them selves take the requisite eteps to carry cut their views On the motion of Mr Sargood it was rcBolved-"That in view of tbo possibility of tba deciston of the Supreme Court in the ctaeof Smith v M Ilwraith being -ditieo to the interests of the trust, the collators, assisted by counsel, bs requefted to dr^ft, wiihout delay, clauses validating tie constitution of the trust and the p\st proceedings of the conimisaioners, under 1-oweiB conferred by the act as it stands, and tba* ripen such amending claus»s boiDg pre- wired, the Government be asked to include t.tich clan.ee in their proposed amending bill ai d that tbe chairman and Cor_._iifl9tonera Loteler sr.d Sargood be appointed a sub com mittee to watch the în'e'eeta of the trust in the matter " On Saturday the Supreme Court gave its judgment holoingtbat the appointment of Mr M Ilwraith by tho Governor in Council to represent the corporation of Melbourne on the trust, in default of the City Council haviDg made an election, was illegal It will be necessary now for the City Connell to pro ceed at once to the election of a representa Uve to the trust Aa tbe act of Parliament provides that the first meeting of the com mie*ionera shall be held after all the con miaisionerB have been elected or ap pointed, and as Mr M'llwraith waa not proreriy appointed, it is questionable ni ether the acts hitherto done by the 'mist ate legal, and the Chief Secretary ia to be asked to introduce _ validating bil] The next question of im portance, especially to shipmasters visiting the pert, waa the necesnity of widening the mer, bobs to make a fairway between the two wharves of 300ft. Thia matter was t_l.ni into consideration by the Works Com mittee, who nltimately recommended that tie river be widened to 300ft from tho western end o! tbe proposod extension of the south bank wharf down to a point opposite the foot of tbe Australian Wharf, and that tbe engineer be instructed to draw plana aud opecificaticna for the work forthwith. It waa suggested by Mr Phiupaon that if possible the river should bo widened even more than that suggested-300ft - bnt it was pointed out that this conldl not he done unless the Government granted the commissioners more land on eather bank of the river. The report waa adopted, and the engineer baa eince boen engaged in preparing the necessary plans The desirability of abolishing the tragt was brought under the notice of the Chief Secre taiy during the past week by a deputation from Williamstown, headed by Mr. A T. Clark. This gentleman assured Mr Berry that local interest- were not the cause of this action being taken, but simply a desire for the welfare of the general community. "With, a flourish of rhetoric ho stated that for centuries the people here, as well aa in other countries, had struggled for the establishment of the prin- ciple that tbey should have the control of the public purse, and to grant such a large revenue to an irresponsible bod; waa an infringement of that principle. As for the faot that Parliament had granted these powers to the trust that, said Mr, Clark, waa of no momenta for the last Par. I -Anient, not representing the people, waa I r ally no Parliament at all Otber members of the deputation having atated th irviSTS, Mr. Berry replied that lie could no. under stand exactly what they wautel but tha Government bad no îuimidiato intention of doing anything oxcept to protect the rovauno Wheo any amendment of the liwwii maia bo would 600 tha" this irrcflpon,*ibl9bo'Iy .via brought morey directly under Pdrlmnentary control, and he would make it a óine qua non that any echóme of harbour improvements n ugt receive tho approvnl of Patliameu: be- fore it could bo earned out GOLD 4.ND THE GOLD ni LDS Ore of the pnncipal mattera of int°reB*' in cocneiion with tho miuinf, indu.ilr> daring iho past month has boon the procreas of the Black Horse Quarlz mining Company otE<er ton. The mine waB first opened about li jeers ago.m the hope of roachtng the treasures cf a reef contained in tbo Egerton claim ad joining them, owned by the Mesare. Loar month, and it was oxpectod that the reef ia tbo Tgerton claim would also be found ia the Black Horse ground Some very good stone, averaging about an oanre to the ton, was discovered, and ovor ¿20 000 was paid m dividends to the shareholders tho last being declared on the 31st August, 18bJ Larly m June of this year some fresh very rich atone was found in the mino, and tbo prices of shares at once went up Abont2 000oz of gold was obtained, but time has shown that the Mono first taken oat was the richoat of that discovered. When the last Lnglish mail left here tbe yields wore at the rate of doz to the ton from 210 tons of stone, but the noxt ciusbing only yiolded 12dwt. per ton and the nbcit-a bave consequently fallen considerably in value Judging, howevor, from tho boat sou ces of information, people Boom to bo retting pretty well satisfied that the mino is a splendid property, which only roquires to bs more opened up and well managed to bs a lucrative investment for many years to como, and large parcels of shares sold recently havo been put by for dividends and taken off the market altogether. The latest news from the mine is of a gratifying character and tends to show that it may be a claim that will not te worked out in a lifetime nor perhaps in two , in fact, if the lode carries tbe gold down with it to any great deptb, it is impossiblo to say how many years it may take to work it oat A very old and important alluvial mine situate on Ballarat namely, the Winter's Tree hold, appears jnetnow likely tochange hands Tbe shareholders have expended a great deal of money on the mine and in addition they seme time sgo contracted a very heavy debt with one of the banka The mine has boen worked for many months in tho hope of pay mg interest on tbo debt and if possible, re ducmtit, but success has not attended the efforts of tbo company, and the bank have cow determined to pieos for payment of their debr, and have put tho matter m tho hands cf lue sheriff Tbo mino is not worked oat, as fair yields have been received from it recently, and as it occupies a very large area may yet turn out very valuable Tho news from the De Murska mino at Kingston in tbo Ballarat district, continues to bo good, and the mine is said to bo opening up re mark ably well It ia an alluvial claim wo king ground at a considerable depth, and the Buc- can attending it bas a special importance ia the fact that it will stimulate other persona to mine the adjacent country ia the hopes of finding equally good waBhdirt with that the company has obtained. About a fortnight ago a large number of porjons interested in the Rictori mino at Kingston attended on tbe claim to be present at tbo ceremony of luraini. tbe lust sod of the shaft The large end rich development of auriferous wash dirt in tbo Di Murska mine, which lies imme diat«ly south of the Riston ground haa \rarrnnted the directors of the latter company in commencing immediate operations, it being aeserted that the formation of the country is such that the Do Muraka gutters must pnes through the IUutoii ground At Sandhurst, which haa for several yoara post been our principal told bearing dia'nct, munn? affairs and prospects wore exceed iDgly dull during the first half of this year, but within the past month they have brightened considerably. Dunne the past week or two an improvement has been ob served there in mining allans generally, an improvement not confined to the Bli aro market which is decidedly more active, but one which has for ita bases more oucourating prospecta from a variety of mines, bsf or lieldsfrom eeveral companies, and a con- siderable increase in dividend amounts. Tho heavy blow which was dealt a Bhort timo ago to so many speculators and mvcBtorB by the fuilure of the South Garden Gully companies to procure payable results, and which for a time almost paraljBed the markot, is being gradually deprived of its intense bitterness by cbcrrlul newH from other localitiea and aa lèverai companies on moat of the loading lines of reef including the Garden Gally, NewCbum HuetlorB and tho St Mungo and Do vor shire Bond ia reporta of decidedly im proved prospects and support those reports with larger yieldB of gold, there ia no doubt that confidence l8 agftn being gradually re« stored, and a more choerf ul tone infused in- to generul business Should tho present mete sa'isfactory coarse of events be soon supplemented by o «trtko in either of the deep phafte, a new era in quartz mining wcnld bo in store for Sandhurst, and as so inarjy companies have shafts down in various locah'ieîB to a depth of over 1 200ft, Bach ¡ result ib not at nil improbable At Stawell, which is tho quart? district Becond m importance in Victoria to Sand- hurst mining is proceeding satisfactorily. The lost crushing from the Nortu Croes Reef exceeded tbo mostsanguine expectations. A 1 lln of 2 013 tons yielded at the rate of 2jz 3d tit l'igr per ton which enabled the dtroc tors to declare n. dividend of 30» per Bharo a eum of £15 000 being appropriated for that pnrpoFe. One fortunate reefer takes about £3 500 of the amount as his share This rich etone was obtained from the No 2 shaft. 1 rom another part of the mine the result wai only about 17dwt to the ton, but no impor tance is attached to the fact, as the quartz there waa known not to be very valuable The poor reaulta which have arisen from the prospecting vole of £10 000 granted by Parliament last year have it ia understood, caused the Ministry to determine not to ask Parliament for a similar vote thiB year. Oaly £4 G98 5s 5d of the vote was expended la't year but for that comparatively large sam tbe Treasurer received no more than 4oz lidwt. lGgr. of gold It was not expected that much gold wonld be obtained by pros, lectors Bent out to try entirely now country bat it was hoped that some good new ann ferons ground woald be discovered. That has not been the case and instead ot apply- ing for more money to expend in tho same way it ha« been intimated that the Miniiter ot Mines will content himself by asking Par. liament to grant £5 000 for the purcba»e o' a diamond drill rock boring machine, and to defray the cost of working the same. The membora of the Legislative As embly, however, who represent mining constituencies, met together on Thursday last, and after a lengthy discussion as to tho best mode of imparting Government aid to the munng induntry, passed a resolution to the effect that the Premior should be re quested to place a Bum of £50 000 on the 3 stimates for the current yeor, for the pur poeo of advancing loans to companies work ing deep ground, to enable thom to roach Meater depths than they otherwise could Tbe meeting was adjourned to the Gth September, when a soborne of distribution ot the proposed grant is to bo considered AGRICULTURE In tho early part of the winter just pissed, copious raina foil over the greater portion of the colony of Victoria relieving for a const derable time the apprehensions beginning to be felt of a renewal of the drought aud per- mitting the seasonable work of ploughing and Bowing to be pushed forward Since the date referred to very little rain has fallon excepting on the coast The ear'y crops in the great wheat growing districts were not ma tenally checked, hut tho late ones needed heavy rain to consolidate the ground, and in come balances a Becond sowing was re quired. Severe froBte have been of frequent occurrence, bat owing to the drynees of tbe seil vegetation baa sustained little harm. Such wee the position of affairs np to the middle of last week, when Bhowera began to fall in the Western districts of Victoria Before the close of the week the Wimmera district, one of the driest, had received in pome places three quarters of an inch of rain, refreshing the crops, and insuring the stability of the late Bown wheats Rain baa also been reported over a great propor- tion of the colony, including the eastern side, which badly needed moisture It ia not, however, to be understood that the crops will be able to go much longor without a more copious supply The Ban is daily taming power, and evaporation ia proceeding at a preatly accelerated pace North winds, moreover, are prevalent, and these are of a very drying nature A break in the drought from whiob great portions of the colony of Now South Wales bave been Buffering has elso be*n experienced A Sydney telegram of the 29th ult. reporta steady rain and cold weather in the metropolitan distriot, and quotes reports from Tamworth, Gunnedah, and otber north western pastoral districts, «Utting that rain bad fallen since the 28th, with every sign of continuance, and that there waa a probability ot a break np o! the drought in that di cction. At Tamworth Gunnedah, and Narrabri heavy ram wai re potted andftlaosteady (¡howers at Wari-tIda Al mídale Inverell Coonabarabran G cn lines Walcha Uralla and other Iocilitie« In some parts of the western district rain wnB also reported, and in others the «ea I er nan represented as cloudy Tina still leaves extfnsive districts m that colony unroportod on bat from many reports eau c ima only by ti e slower course of post In the droughty country the losses of stock by starvation I ave been very considerable and it will hi long before many of the étalions have again any stock to eend to market On tho 13th ult the annual Melbourne stud boree Bhow and parade waa held by the National Agricultural Society of Victoria, in tLcir jarda on tho St Kilda road There was a grand entry of draught stallions in eluding many stalliona imported within the provie.ua fLW mouths I he number sent in for exhibition waa much in excess of any pro Mona year and horBobreeäera balan excel lent opportunity of making their arrango ments for the coming telson No pnr«a are awarded at this show but on the foi lowing day a Boriea of sal's-which in tbia instance lasted nearly tho whole week-is commenced by Messrs M Cul loch Campbell and Co., at Kirks Bazaar The demand for draught stnllionB and mares waa greater than for yeara past and B ima very high figures were obtained Mr Krcroases recent importation« wero muca fancied His fine colt The Big Gun was r> Id privately before tho show for ths sum of 935 guineas His grand colt 1 ogland s Glory realised undor tho hammer 1 110 guineas Mr Pemberton of St ArnnuJ being the purchaser Ibis wai the top Díuio of too Bale Honea I ri ano her of Mr Krcrouso s atr nt was secure! foy Men ib U milton and Irvia«, of Warruttn boo! for 8°0 guineas Bntian G»noral was bought by Messrs. Chirnside a GIO gninass Sr Willina by Sir Herculev G1j turnean. Admiral 500 guineas In colonial bred stock tbo colt Sir Walter Scott by Cham pion of Scotland reached 5o0 guinisB and Mr \V atsou s Victot s Prince 7»0 guineas Of draught rumen a large number wero sold ranging up to 12> guineas The celebra ed imported trotting stallion Dying Perfection was sold to Mr J I Austin of Yeto near Colac, for 1 000 guineas The Bales of thoroughbreds were neither numerous nor important The weak a business included the sale of 13 thoroughbreds, at prices ranging from 25 guineas to 150 guineas G2 imported and colonial breddrsu__tatfllliona at from 50 guineas to 1110 guineas and 78 draught maree at from 25 gmnoas to 1 0 (rameal? Hie total sales by auction at Kirk s Baraar amounted to no loss than £17 228 and within a few days before and after tbe pale other two horses were sold for nearly £"000 The great annual metropolitan ram sales wero commencd on the 23 h nit. at the stores of Menem Hastings Cumngham and Co where some of the choices specimens of our \\\ (.stern diBtnct monnoes were panned lhere was a good attendance of (lockmaster« from all parta of Victoria and die neighbour iPfc eoler íes were fairly represen ed Con. Bidding that we have just bad one very bad BeaBon and there ia every prospect of a still worse one to come the sale went off very well 1 or tbe best lots the biddings wore very spirited but for anything under the 1 i-best claBS thero was not so much demand The droft from the flock of Mr J L Currie ot Lara sold very well and though the highest price was 270 guineas against 3o5 guineas last year the average this year is lit 1-B., ogamst -C9 lia IaBt year Th» highest price realised for a Bingle sheep sent in by Mr A Bucharan was ISO guineas Sir Samuel Wilson s rams did not realise high prices Sj guinema waa the btgheat unce ob tamed for a single ram Mr John Wilson of Gala bad a very fine lot of oheep m and the pricea obtained were very satisfactory One ram Bold for 145 gainons A large number of long wool led sheep were offered for sale hut the prices did not rule nearly so high aa on former years The sale wascontmaedon the 29th at Meera Clough and Co s wool stores when Mr T F Cummings rams were all Bold with the exception of a few lots Tbe progeny of SirThomas were much appreciated Messrs Thomas Dowling and Son b rams were all cleared oat at aatisfac tory prices The two year old ram by Sir James that took the first prize at Hamilton Show last year was mach fancied, and Mr M lntjre had to give 200 guineas to secure him The sheep sent in by MeBsre Timms Brothers Mount Hesso were much fancied and were all disposed of at satisfactory rates A numbor of long woolled sheep were offered but except some Lincolns from the flocks of Messrs. R Hood, of Merrang and Mr W W Hood, of BartoD they wero nearly all passed in Ou the 30th i agusr, the Tai maman sheep were disposed of Toe prices obtained wore not nearly so bigh aa last year but fora few of tho picked lota there was fair competition One ram from Mr J Gibson'« flock realised 210 guineas and ano her I >0 guiness The rams sold by Mt sara W Gn_> Bon and Son and Mr W II Gibson broug ii moderate prices. Mr W A Ke mode b i sheep realised better prices than last year With the exception of Mr Tho¿ Gibsons LeiccBters the long woolled sheep «old at very low ratea The sale waa brought to a conclusion on the 31s1, when .orne ti e merino sheep from tbo flock ot Mr E G Greeves were disposed of Some verv One Lincoln rame from the flocks of Mr Trios Bath Meeits J and S Austin, Mr Albert Austin and Mr Joel Horwood were disposal of at fair prices THE WLATHrit Tbe weather during the greater portion of the ptiet month has been very fine and pleasant but rather too dry considering that we arc in the midst of our winter and that more rain would be very beneficial juBt now for the young crops and grassoa The highest temperature in the shade duting the month was CJ Ideg on the afternoon o' the 23rd ult, and the lowest -/2 4deg on the early morning of the 17th nit, when thore waa a ehirp frost Tbe highest reading of the barometer was 30 3<"lin on the morning of the 7th ult, end the lowest 29 GOlin, on tbe early morn- ing of the 2oth ult The total ram fall this year up to the 2jth ult was IT m, as compared with 13 27iu dnnng the game period in 1870 20 77m (n 1875 l817m. m 1874 l8 08m, In 1871 20 08m. In 1872,17 92u_ in 1871,19 62__ in 1870 11 Sim ia 186« 1071m. in 1868 14 82m. in 1867, 12 Win. in 1866 10 79m. in 1865 10 iMra In 1864 l8 4Gm in 1863 17 55m. in 1862 lu 83in ia 1861 13 23m. in 1860 13-86m. InlSjU, 12 JOin. In 1858, or an average of 15 GGin, THE LABOUR MARKET There îsjvery little change to report in the Btate of the labour market The tradeB con nected with boneo building are fairly em plrsed considering the time of the year The bootmakers are doing very little at present anu many of the manufactories are almost tulcnt The coachbuilders aie very busy and good tradesmen are m demand Bodymakers are waDted In domestic servants there ia no alteration for the bettor Butler« co oka and superior servante for gentlemen s houses are much wanted The following are the rates of wages paid - Domestic Servants - ror Town-House ma ds £30 to £36 per annum female coota receive from £3j to £60 per annum male do 30a to 80s per week nurnemaida fi9.) to £35 perannum laundresses £30to£10perannu n I or Hotels-Cooks malo and female £o0 to -lOOperannum housemaids £3jto£40oerdo Foi Stations-rirat-closs married couile3 for homo stations £"0 ro £90 per annum second clisado with children £-10 to £j0 per do , cooks £45 to £o5 per do housemaids £3j to £40 iel do For harms-Men cooks -oOper annum married couples £60 to £70 per do women servants JE30 to £3u per do farming men 20s per week milkmen 20s per do llouthmen about 20s, per do Waiters for hotel8 2jb to 35s per week grocers assistants lrs to 30s do general Btoio do 20a to 40s do nursery gover neflsea £30 to £40 per annum finishing do £G0 to £80 do Station Bands -Stockmen receive from £60 to £75 per annum Bhephorda 15s to 20b per week ordinary working mon l^a to 20a per do drovers 25g to 40a per do , gardeners 15s to 25s per do iho following wages for bkilled labourers and tradesmen are without ritiona - jBuudint, TradeB -Stonemasons 10a per day, plasterers bricklayers Blaters 10a. per do carpenters 10s per do labourers 7b per do , pick and shovel mon 6a C1 per do The day's work is eight boura Bootmakers -rornvettingLhildren s boots the rate is 6d per pair, boys lOd women 8 la and men a la 3d. lue same rates are paid for finishing lu some of the best order Bhops the rates paid are -Wellingtons 10b elaatioB 7a 6d , closing 8a. Good banda for ladies boots aro scarce Higher rates are paid m first and second class "bespoke Bakers -Fust-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week second hands £Z to £2 2s In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower Butcbors.-Shopmen receive from 35b to 40s per week, boys 15s. to 20s. per week, slaughtermen receive from 40a. to 50s per week, small gooda men (pork butchers) re- ceive 30s. to 40s per week, with rations, superior men receive more Brassfinishera and Coppersmiths -In the engine Utting shops there is a fair supply of workmen . ti e wares nro from % to io. per daj 1 ho same ratea are paid ii the ün« brass 1 niBhinf1 - "-' - una much wanted SInÄ^"°*^ emi loved in ti is trade aro very variable In some of the best shots in Melbourne ii.a war.es piid aro as hit,h as £3 10a. per week! while m inferior establishment« the mT receive from £2 10s to £3 per yyeelc In th« country the wages paid are still less. Eaar ted banda are wanted Clothing Tactones -Wliore the work ia done on the premises the wat.es earned aro as follow -1 tutoresses from £1 to a. lEs per week j ressers £2 to £2 15« and upyyards Trom IM to £1 is earned at sbirlmnkuic in factory hours but the Greater portion is taken home Clothing mad uu^ta earn from 15s. to dOs per week m factor» hour» ' Çooi ers -Most of the work m this trade is done by tbo piece the wages fixed 'v \ trado are 10a per day of 10 hours 1 casks are made at 5a to 5a Gd. for thirds »nd 4s. Sd for fourths Thirds are now moat made there being bat little demand for fourths Coacuhuilders -Smiths receive from £2 10a to £3 5s and £4 per week A few bands com as hifch as £4 per week. Bodymakers - Most of this work is done by the piece The average earnings of good bauds are from £2 10s to aa hie» as £4 per week. Wheelers-Moat of this work is done by the piece the wattes mnoe are from £2 10a to £310a. per week. Painters receive from 9s to 12a per day Tnmmera got from £218s to £310a per weet Vyco men earn from £110s. to £2 per week The rate of labour in this trade is 10 hours, per day Drapers -In all the beat establfahmenta well qualified drapers assistants earn from£2 10b to £4 per week Carpet salesmen obtain about the same rates. Upholaterers f 210a to £3 and £4 per week Mantle makers Lu. to 20s per week. Milliners from Soa. to £310a per week Needlewomen and dressmakers from 15s to 20s per week. Tamers -First class firemen get £2 16g, per week door men receive from £1 lOj, to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s to 30s per week with their board and lodging Grooms in livery stables get from 30a to 40s per week coachmen receive from 15s to 60s per do Gardeners -The men m this trade are not at all well paid In situations near town tho retesare from 30s to 40s per week without rations The rates with rations are 15g. to 20s Very good men get 2os. per week. Hatters.-Bodymakers get 18a to 20s per doren for regulars and 12a to Ha. per dozen for low crowns. Finishers get 22a to 24s per deren for elHc hat« 20i per dozen for pell over and 12« to 14s nor donan for low crown. Shapers are paid- For regulars 13* per doztn for Anglesea 9* per doz»n over ftba, and Gi per dozm for plain shan) low crown Anglepe» 8» per dozen nverlths Gj, per dozen under jj ha 4s per dozen Iron Trades-Fitters receive from 9s to 12s per day, turners from 10s to 13a per do boilermakers and platera from lia to 13s per do riveters from 9s to Ha per do , blacksmiths from 10a to 13s per do hammermen from 7s to 8a per do and moulders from 10s to 12a. and Ids per do Jewellers-In themanufactunng jewellers' establishments the workmen receive from £215b to £3 los Tor the finer work the wages range higher Good tradesmen can get full employment Miner» -1 be average rates for miners is £2 per we°k for surface minors and £2 53 for underground work in some deeo wet mines £2 10s is paid In some outlying districts higher rates ara obtained but only by a few men An attempt is being made in some of the mining districts to lower tho rates Navvies -The rate paid the men em ployed on the Government railways is Gi 6d per day Painters and Glaziers -l'air tradesmen re ccive 9s per day Ibis trade is fully sup phed Plumbers and feasfittero receive £3 per week of eight hours per dav Printers ic -Tub rate paid in this trade is Is per 1 000 In manufactunnt» stationers establishments lithographers areuaid £2 10s to £3 15s per week binders £2 to £d pet week paper rulers, £3 to £3 10a per wei>k. The demand for labour in these trades is bunted and is at present fully supplied, good head men get higher rates in the binders and lithographing departments Stevedores Men &c-Lumpers; wages are 12s pe day at present, lhere is a _oo<l deal of business doini, Engineers in tng boats and donkey engine drivera recette £18 per month Ship Carpenters -The rato paid in this trade is 13s per day ot eiQht hours. IV ork is irregular Sailors on board oceai going ninia and steamers receive £1 lOj pvr month lu cosstmg vessels the rate u £-> per mintb Men receive £G per month in co sting steamers Trimmers get £7 and Qrbniei £0 in coDBtmg stesmerp lu vessels fare «a bound from Meiboumo the ato ia tae e\me as in ceas ti og vetéele Saddlers-Really good tradesmen aro scarce but second cl^ss v. orkmen ure i len taful enough The earnings aro tbout £2 lös per week. The co u noner sorts of work aro not poid for so well and wi,es vary from 25s to 35s per week. The work ni this trade is nme hours per day Tannera and Curriers -Beamsmen receive 40s to 50s per week, shedsmen 42s to 4oa per do , tonnera 38s to 4jb per do -time 10 hours per day Curriers at piecework, ean earn from 60s to 70s per week Tailors.-lu a low first-class, establishments tho rate pail is Is per hour In others the rata n 10J per hoar In second class shops tho earnings are from £210a. to id i er week. In faetones tho rates vary the mon being often paid by the piece Where tvages cere noid the rate is 40s. per week in factory boura Tinsmiths earn from £2 to £3 per week ironworkers, £2 10a to £3 per do galva- nisera £3 per do Most of the work m this trade is done by the piece. M atchmakers -The general rate of wat,es m this trade m £210s to £4 per week though some of the superior workmen get as high as £5 _ RAIL Vi AY HrTURNS Tbo returns of the traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending 21th Augnät show a considerable increase over tho returns for the corresponding period of last year This year however there are 197 miles more railway open than lost year The amount received for the carriage of passengers is £7G78 13a. Gd as against £6 019 7s 33 last year, showing an increase of £1029 Ga 3d over last year The goods traffic gives a return of £11932 Is Gd as against £11 Gf0 7e 3d last year showing au increase of £261 14s. 3d as compared with Isst year The total returns for the week amount to £19 610 15* as against £17 7°9 14a 6d showing an increase of £1 881 0s. Gd in lavotir of the prosent year The aggregate returns from 1st Jaly to date amount to £151631 19a Od., as against £11111 8b Ja showing an increase of £18 510 10s 8d in favour of the present year The weekly average for eight weeka ia £18 Old 19a lid aa BgamBt ttG 619 8» 7d showing a weekly increase of £2 d14 Ila 4d m favour of the present year The returns of the trofhc on the Melbourne and Hobson s Bay Railway for the four weeks endinj, AuguBt 24th do not compare favour ably with the returns for the corresponding period of last year Tbo omount received for the carriego of passengers is £8 939 13a 3d r.BB«..nBt£n04Gle lOd last year showing a reduction of £100 18a 7d in thiB branch of traf) c The goods traffic gives a return of £3 8^3 3a Gd as ogams £2 939 2s, lid last year showing a fulling off in this branca ot trnflic of £941 2s 7d The total returns for tho four yy-eel a »mount to £12 929 7s 4Í aa against £11 878 IGa 21 showmg a reduction of £1 OjO Ila 2d as compared with last year Ibe aggregate retan pi to tho 21th August amount to £24131 19 * bs n(,atnat £2o d13 141 7d showirg a falling off as ersparet, with Inst yea b returns of £1 212 15» 7d The weekly average is £3128 4a 4d aa BEeinst£l2'' 11? od showmg a weekly re duction of £JG Ga lid cb compatcd with last year RACING I vs The \i îmm^ra Turf Club held ft m"eling on the 10 h Auguat, Villiers won the Hurdle Race beating eight o hers The Hat Race waa won by Hero Seven horses started for the Steeplechase which waa won by Sydney Galloway Lad won th"1 Amateur Hurdle Race The Natimuk races wero hold on the 14 H inet, Dutchman won the HurdleiBi t beating seven others Hero won tho Haï Race and Saxon the Ste pie hatte 1 e Amateur Turf Clab held a race mee itig on tho Caulfield course on the loth and His Excellency tho Govoruor and Lacy Bowen visited the (¡round and a huge number of ladies attended tbo mej ra Tbe Hurdle Race was * n easily by Ju ka the Lad DaleBmnn waa second und i x chango third Waveiley ridd n by ma owner Mr A Chirnside juu won the Victoria Gold Cup Sir Garnet wm Barond Activity won the Tlat Race beatu g S erin by a neck Hannah was third S ven others Btarted Nine noises started for the Hindi« cap Steeplechase, which wa« Ml of incident Dwaroon got away with bia rider, and fell at the first fenc-, on which Don Silva got hung, and Greysteel fell, stopping AU TourB _he winner turned np in Jamoa, who fell passing the Btand the second tims, and Harden lode the rest of the distance with only ono boot on. having lost one in the fall Lvery horse in the raco either baulked or fell All Fours was second lue meeting concluded with the Corinthian fiat Rico, which waa won by Brown Duches«, with Bannah second, and Jupiter third A race meeting waa held on the Konoing .{on park course on tbo 25th August. Tue races were not bo closely contoatud as usual For the Hurdle Race thore were nine Btarters the winner boing found In T/itz an outsider Sweetbnar waa second, and Stampede third. The Two year old Stakes was won by Stewardess easily Coong >o!& (tho favourite) second and Warlock third Ac'ivity bait riBhormnn in tho Flat Race by half a length. The Steeplechase was won by Dwaroon who ran well throughout, beating Maggie Moore by about two lengths Flirtation was third The Selling Race was otoily won by Sheriff with Jack Sprat second and Herschel won the O R Handicap without the allghteat diffi cutty I isberman was second, and Activity third During the afternoon tho stewards caused a lad named Leahy, who waa dis qualified by the V R C In connexion with the Newminster oase, to bo tamed off tbo course What may be called the legitimate racing season waa opened on the 16th August at Hawkesbury, New South Wales As usual St large number lol Victorian racing men attended the meeting Tüe Trial Stakes re -tilted in the victory of Tiara by Yattendon who beat Rangatira by a head Tourteon horBea started for the Hawkesbury Guineas for three year olds colts 8«t 51b, Allies Sat The winn« waa Woodlands by Maribyrnong Black Iragie second beaten by three quarters of a length The mile wes ran ia lm 47 8 10b Fifteen horses started for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap 1 he winner waa Janitor, five years, by Kelpie, Timothy, five years, Sat 71b, waa second, beaton by a abort half longtb Priam, at 8«t, waa third The winner carried 8gt. 71b, nnd ran the mile and three quarters in 3m 14s. Kitty, by Barbarian, won the Pnnco of Waloo Stakes beating lour others, and Speculator by The Top won the County Parse besting seven others. Tho second day of the meeting was on the T8th August Lucifer, by Yattendon won the Hurdle Race, Aaron waa second and Councillor thud. The H. R C MareB Pro dace Stakes was won by Sir H. Robinson a -Orton, by Kington, Cap rt pie, by Maribyr- nong, waa Beoond , and Royalty by Sydney Tim Whifflor, waa third Dockwood by Kingston, won the Flying Handicap Vis- count was Beoond and Unoaa third , eleven otheiB started Woodlands by Maribyrnong won the Maiden Plate, Amendment waa Second, and the Dean third , four othors started The Turf Club Handicap waa won by Dilemma by Yattendon Ringwood waa second, and Spectator third, seven othere fatarted. _ COURSING. The last month of the coursing season has been a very busy one The Bendigo Club ian a 16 dog stake on the Sth August. Ihe winner waa Mr. BunBcomboa Boots. Mr E. Tidy's Sambo was the runner up. The Piece Coursing Meeting waa held on August 11, when two 8-dog Bttkes wera ran. The Preaa Cap was won by Mr A Mays no ruination, La Plumo. " The Vagabond bracelot, given by Mr Julian Thomas, v>aa won by Mrs G C Levy s nomination, Exhibí tionor ThoWilhamBtownand Wyndham Club held a IG dog stake on the 7th August. The winner waa Fidiua by Cumlurgan Maid of Lowther by Comet waB the runner up The Melton Presidents Cup tuen by Mr H. VV Staughton was won by Mr J LlworthyaLu terpe by Red Rover-_,cho Mr DwerB Harem by Harem-Dy, waa tho runner up The Grant and Polwarth Cup hold tho Gee long Stakes meeting for 32 dogs on the 11th August The winner waa Mr A A Auatin a Barwon Lisa by Cacique II- Dauntless Mr W. R Thomson a Silver Stream by Pilot, Fly waa the runner up The Polwarth Purse was won by Mr Kellys President, by Wtl lington - Green Linnet, b'atinr; Mr C Oxborough na Josephine, by Cacique IL -Lucy II The Australian Couraing Club Vice preBidenta' Cup meeting waa held on August 21st on Meears T and A Chirnside s estate at Werribee The cup for 32 dogs waa divided by Mr J Pickup a Pen and Persephone, both bj Red Rover-Glencoe. Master Edward waa beaten in the second round by Rosie, who (succumbed to Peri in the fourth round. The Stewards Purse for the four winners of the Werribee park, tho Melbourne, the Sydney aud the Adelaide Stakes, was won by Dr Rockott h Witdrake hy Máximas - Strayloaf Tho Victoria Coursing Club Stormont Plate Meeting wjb held on August 23 and 21, on Mr W J Clarke's estate, Sunbury The Vice President's Cup for 21 pappioB, was won by Mr Jos. M Culloch a Calumny by Inverniven -Bridesmaid, Mr W J Clarke s Rbx, by Spring-Fly.wastheranner up TaeStormout Plate given hy tho oommittee of tho V C C for 32 dogs waa won by Mr W J Clarke a Credit, by Caahier- Chirming Lidy Mr B Hepburn s Glen Avon, by Nutl"d-Hen, waa the runner np The victory of Mr Clarke m this meeting gave treat pleasure) to all Vic tonan coursing men The Caramut Club ran an l8 dog stake on the 23rd August The winner was Mr A Hood a Belle, by Cook Hobin-Amy Mr W Ware a Innocence, by Cavalier-Authoresa w»a the runnor up A complimentary coursing party waa given to Mr H Beattie on the 11th August by a number of gentlemen who have enjoyed the coursing matches in the Mount Aitken paddocks There was a large assemblage, and a very enjoyable day a sport was obtained Messrs W K Thom son and S Bouwick invited a large number of gentlemen to a private coursing party at Moant Aitken on the 18tb August, when a IG dog stake, for a bracelet presented by MeBBra. lhomson and Renwiok, waa run off The Ballarat Club Champion Meeting for 32 dogs waa held on the 29th and 30th August The winner was Western Princesa, and Lupin the runner up OUTDOOR AMUSEMENTS, It is now beyond all doubt that an Aus trallon team of cricketers will visit England. "When the last match between the AU Eng land Eleven and the combined eleven from Victoria and New South Wales was con- cluded, Mr. J. Conway, of -Colbourne, at the loqnest of the principal playera of tho colo- nial team, undertook the taak of getting to 2etbcr a band of Australian cricketers to visit England. After meeting with many difficulties he haa at length succeeded in forming a fine repretentative Australian "Steven, which could not be Improved except by the appearance of Evans's name in the list The following have all consented to So - N 8 Wíies. YKTioru TiasiAsiA C Bannerman F Allan G IL Balloy K Thompson T Horan D Oro-ory T Kondall W Murdoch J Bia -ham F Bpofforth H Boyle. T (Janett It is not known whether Midwinter, who ia now in England, eau be secured when the team arrives there, but should he elect to play no doubt room will be made for him. Lvans, who ia the best bowler in New South Wales and a good batsman, was written to, hut dechnod ou business grounds Strenuous efforts are now being made to induce EvanB to alter his mind should he do bo the team will bo complete in every respect In matters cricketing there is always a difficulty in getting the very best men together for any great occasion. In the Intercolonial and international matches there are always found Borne who either are prevented by LnsmcBs from taking part in these contests or who cboose to Btand aloof in cold indifference. It ia pleasing to record, however, that the utmost enthusiasm prevails in regard to tho tup of the Australian team to England, and that EvanB himself, while deollniag to go, regards being asked to make ono of the team ob a high honour. The team, it will be seen, ia a much stronger one than either of the combination elevens which played against Lillywhite, Allan, " the bowler ol a century," and G H. Bailey, one of the beat batsmen and fields in the colonies, lending it great Strength. Ab a bowling team it is wonder Mi; strong, Kendall, Allan, SpoQorth, Gar rott and Boyle being all excellent trundleT. In batting they are also well off, having C. Bannerman and Horan, two wioldere of the willow that could not well be surpassed even in England (taking away the name of W. G. Grace), and others of undoubted excellence in Nat Thompson, D Gregory, T. Garrett, Murdoch, Spofforth, Blackham, and Bailey , nnd Kondall and Boyle are hy no means to he despised for either of them is likely to set runs There are two wlcketkeepers in the twelve, in Blackham and Murdoch, so that In the cue of any accident to Blackham, the Sydney " keeper of the Btioks ' will be available The team will start for England hy the next February or March mail, bat they will play a number of matohea in the various Australian oolonles and New Zealand prior to doing bo. They will commence those matches m November, and it ia believed that the practice they will have together in them will not only improve their play Individually, but enable them to work together maoh better in Tngland than they would otherwise have dono This being what is termed the winter season bere football ia in full owing and a number of matches havo been played during the past month in Melbourne and tho suburb; The principal contest was between the Melbourne and Carlton Clubs, who for years past havo each atrfon for the position of champion club of the colony The title, for this year at all events must bolong to the Carlton team, as they won the first two matches they had with Melbouruo this season with comparative ease. The third match waa the ono just referred to, and it was played on Saturday the 25th August before a crowd of 5 000 or G 000 perBons Shortly after the game oommencod one of the Melbourne mon was put out of the game through having hiB collarbono broken and his side continued the play with only 19 men ogainBt their opponents' 20 Each side won two goals and the match was therefore a draw, but as Melbourne waa one man short dating the greater part of the p!&7, the game was conaidorcd to ba virtually m their favour A team from tho Melbourne Football Club paid a viRit daring tho last month to Ade laido in South Australia, to play against the footballers of that city Their first match was on the 11th August, with 20 of the Ade ludo dab, and they won it by one goal to none On the 13th August they played BgainRt a combination team from tho best clubs in Adelaide and defeated their oppo nente most easily, scoring five goals against none by the combined team A match at handball was played in Mel bourne on theGth August, for the champion- ship of Australia between Langan tbo present champion and Hannon, a well known Vic orian player Langon most in dubitably proved bis right to the title he holds as he scored five gamea to none by Hannon _ MUSIC The one great musical event of this month has been the introduction of an opera by Wegner to the Australian public ' Lohengrin' was played for the first time at the Opera boase on the 18th Auguefc. Siguora Antometta Link played the part of Elsa, and the rest of the cast was as follows, namely - Lohen« grin, by Slgnor Paladmi, the King by Signar Cesan, Tolramond, Slgnor Orlandim, the Herald, Signor Gambstti, and Ortrud Bignora I abría. This representation was assiBted in a manner truly admirable by a number of gentlemen, amateurs m the musical art, who committed to memory the difficult Btndy of the choral parts A magtufi cent equipment of now scenery was prepared by Mr Habbe, and the best orchestra ever yet brought toyuhcr in Australia was under the bâton of Mr Zelman, who had arranged the orchestral score according to the forco he had nnder his control The per form an co was so spirited so perfect, and altogether, for this part of the world, so splendid, that it was received by the audience with enthusiasm. It has had an almost continuous run since the date abovementioned and whenever it is per- formed the Opera house is crammed. There is now a wide-spread wish to hear more of the works of Wagner Signora Antometta Link, concerning whom we give a portrait and biographical notice m llv Australasian Shclcl cr which comes by this mail, has proved to be a tramp card for the manage ment. As Alice in ' Roberto ii Diavolo ' as Marguerite in 'Taust,' as Adelia in "Un Bailo, ' and especially aa Elsa in Wagner a opera she has carried the audience entirely with her She is sosympathotic and so intelli gent that the goneral opinion amongat the audionce is that she should only sing in Eng- lish to be the moat favoured of all the operatic artists who have been here Mr I yster has Verdis Aida in preparation, and oa the grandest scale which tho size of the theatre will allow In addition to the operas already msntioned. ' HTrovatoro' and ' Semiramido have also been produced with good effect and in these Signora Gua dagnini and Slgnor Camero have taken tho leading parte The principal concerts during the month havo been tboso givon by the two Liedertafel societies The German Liodor tafel gave one on the loth August in which Signor Orton, a young Italian violinist made a great impression in a fantasia from ' Aida' by 1'irvilli on the following night the Metropolitan Liedertafel, at which the per. formanccs of Mr Armes Boaumont, tenor Bmger, Mr GueDctt and Signor Giorza, piano soloists were the principal attraction. Mr. 1 L King who ia a rising, pianist, and rapidly devolopinp great talent, gave a piano forte recital at tbo Athenäum on the lHh August. Messrs Cartis J-i0er, Montague, and Ryder (string qaartett) and Mrs Cutter (vocalist) assisted at thia and it was alto pether a veiy good affair. Mr Perratons concert at the Athen ram on the 30th August resulted eucceesfully Mr Levy, the solo comet player, is doing splendid business wherever he boes. THE THEATRES i.e. The most interesting dramatic event of tho month haa been the first appearance in Australia of Mr Wm Creswick of old world fame. On the 27th ult, Mr Creswick ap peered at the Academy of Music as Virginias and he experienced a reception worthy of his long established reputation Misa Helen Ashton played Virginia Prior to the engage- ment of Mr Creswick Mr. Charles Dillon, jan , played a round of characters, including Belphegor, Hamlet Ricaoheu and Claude Melnotte but with indifferent success Miss Ada Warda engagement at the Theatre Royal terminated on the 24th ult She represented, with a largo measure of meceos, Marie Antoinette, in the drama of that name, played hera by Riston , Galatea, Trou Trou, Julia in ' The Hunchback, ' Lady Macbeth, and Lady Teazle Miss Ward was very capably supported by Mr George D. Chaplin, whose impersonation of Louis XVI in ' Mane Antoinette was a very excellent performance The Theatre Royal ia now occupied with a melodrama, written by Mr. George Darrell, called 'Transported for Life. ' There ia nothing now in the materials UBed, but it is a very actable play, and it denvea an additional interest from its local colouring, the scene being chiefly laid in Australia A troupe of Southern bora negroes, called the Original Georgia Minatrele, have been performing with great success at St. Georges Hall during the month, and have just re- opened the Princess's Theatre, having made some additions to their company. Captain Hayward s Combination Troupe has gone to Sydney. _ DEATHS IN THE CHARITABLE INSTI« TUTIONS The following are lists of the deaths (exclu- sivo of those of persons born in the colony) that have taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals and tho Melbourne Benevolent Asylum since our last summary, specifying, as far as thoy are known, the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, tho names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the caueeB of death - «ELB0UBNB H03I HAL Alves Emanuel aged 56 years, native of Portugal arrived 184d in tbe Isabella, diod August 21 of cirrhosis of liver Bama Margaret aged 44 years, native ot Ireland, arrived 1862 in the Soldanna, died AuguBt 11, of phthisis. Bolton, Sarah, aged 37 years, native of Manchester, arrived 1810, in the ArgyleBhus, died August 13 of mor butABrightii. Bellis, Ellen, aged 32 years, native of Chatham, arrived 18G0, in the Donald M'Kay ; died August 26, of delirium tromenn, Chanmngg, John, aged GG years native of Davenport, arrived 1857, in the Sir William Eyre, died August 10, of exhaustion after amputation of leg. Campball, Patrick, aged 32 years, native of Ireland , arrived 1852, ship unknown , died August 16, of phthisis. Clark, Dents, aged 38 years, native of Ire. land, arrived 18G9, in the Tlora, died August 21, of cirrhosis of liver Camstie, William, aged C2 years, native of Scotland: arrived 1857, in the Clan M'Gregor, died August 23, of pneumonia. Dingey, Ellen, aged 28 years, native of the Cape of Good Hope, arrived 1850, ship un- known , died August 7 of phthisis Dangon, Patrick, died August 7, shortly after admis« non, no particulars obtainable. Davis, John, aged -41 years, native of Sweden; armed 1876. m the Thomas Lord, died August 20, of phthisis. Edgecombe, Richard, aged 51 years, native of Devonshire, arrived 1855, ia tha Light- ning, died August 20, of phthisis. Fleming, James aged 20 years, native of Ireland, arrived 1860, in the Young Amerioa, died AnguBt 10 of morbos Brightu Farrell, Francis, aged 34 yean», native ol Ireland, arrived 1864, died August 26, of broncho, pneumonia. Gibney, Sarah, aged 36 years, native of London; arrived 1861, in the Lincolnshire; died August 7, of phthisis. Hogan, Patrick, aged 80 years, native ol Ireland; arrived 1875, in tha Elizabeth, died August 6, of enlarged prostate. Holmes, William, agedG4 years, native of Glasgow: arrived 1840, in the Robert Benn ; died AuguBt 16 of broncho-pneumonia. Jacks, Mary, aged 43 years, native of Ire lond ; arrived 1853, in the Mataka; died Angust 5, of carcinoma of stomach. Lyons, Mary, aged C4 years native of Ire- land ; arrived 1837, in the Jon. lall; died AuguBt 19, of broncho-pneumonia. Moginn, Jamen, aged 39 yeara, native of Ireland ; died August 25, of pleuro pneu- monia. O'Malley, William, aged 32 years, native of Ireland ; arrived 1859, in the Great Britain ; died August 22, of tubercular pnoumouia. Ferry, Joaeph, aged 61 years, native of Liverpool ; arrived 1851, in the Henry Hid- den ; died August G, of acute peritonitis. Powell, Thomas, aged 70 years, native of Liverpool ; arrived 1850, in the John Murray; died August l8, of phthiaia. Pritchard, Wil Ham, aged 42 years, native of Sussex ; arrived 1853, in the Adelaide ; died Angust 23, of morons cord ia. Round, Thomas, aged 60 yoars, native of Staffordshire ; arrived 1858, in the Queon of the East ; died August l8, of phthiaia. Skitts, Harry, aged 21 years, native of Shropshire ; arrived 1875 ; died Auguat 3, of phthisis. Sherry, William, aged 53 years, native of Bath ; arrived 1854, in the Dal houaie ; died Auguat 4, of fracture of skull. Shea, John G., aced 70 years, native of Ire- land ; arrived 1854, in the Groat Britain; died August 4, of pneumonia, Sarvers, Roae anna, aged 30 years, native of Iroland ; arrived 1862, in the Morning Light; died August 4, of phthisis. Sparks, Joseph, aged CG years, native of Essex ; arrived 1852, in the Stag ; died August 5, of phthiBia. Smith, Chas,, eged 49 years, native of Manchester ; arrived 1858, in the Conway ; died AuguBt 10, of car cinoma of the liver. Stark, John, aged 41 years, native of Scotland ; arrived 1864 ; died August 16, of broncho-pneumonia. Swaine, George, aged 02 years, native of Burrey ; arrived 1852, in the Falcon ; died August l8, of phthisla. Sheehan, Patrick, aged 33 years, native of Ireland ; arrived I860, in the Tornado; died August 19, of phthisis. Strong, Rebecca, aged 24 years, native of Lincolnshire ; arrived 1870, in the Romsey ; died AuguBt 21, of burns. Smith, John, aged 50 years, native of Birmingham ; arrived 1870, in the Dover Castle ; died August 21, of phthisis. Stonnill, Amelia, aged 47 years, native ot Chelsea ; arrived 1852 in the Dorrlck Castle ; diod August 30, of morbos cordis. Tobin, John, aged 35 years, native of St Helena; arrived 1843, in the Ssa Queen; died Auguat 8, of phthisis. Thompson, Margaret, aged 42 years, native of Ireland ; arrived 1851, in the Bula ; died August 16, of phthisis. Upton, John, aged 57 yoars, native of Ire- land ; arrived 1859, in the Earl Grey ; died August 14, of pneumonia. Whitworth, James, aged 52 years, native of Lincolnshire ; arrived 1854, in the Maria Soames ; died August 8, of phthisis. Way, TbomaB, aged 76 years, native of Devonshire ; arrived 1850, in the Susan ; died Auguat 22, of pneumonia. Ar.FItED HOSPITA-. Dobarty, William, aged 37 years, native of Ireland ; died August 5, of cancer. Geoghan, John, aged 46 years, native of Ireland ; died August 6, of dysentery. Grier, Matilda, ngod 80 years, native of Yorkshire ; arrived 1853, in the Lady Flora ; died Au_uat 12, of senile decay. Henry, George, aged 30 years, native of Bel fast ; arrived 1877, in the Alhombra ; died Angust 4, of phthisis. Nilen, Margaret, »god 35 yeara, native of Ireland; died August 8, of tumour of larnyx. Ramsden, William, asred 55 years, native of Yorkshire ; arrived 1852, in the Asia ; died AuguBt 25, of dropsy. Regan, John, aged 39 years, native of Manchester ; arrived 1857, in the Champion of the Seas ; died Auguat 29, of pneumonia, linUlOOHKH BBSEVO-EMT ASTLDH. Evans, Christopher, aged GG years, native of London ; died August 4, of valvular disease of the heart. Foggan, James, aged C4 years, native of Staffordshire ; died August 28, of paralyBis. Macord, Ellen, aged C7 yearn, native of Westmoreland ; died August 17, of sarona apoplexy. Muller, Charles, aged 48 years, native of Germany ; died August 39, of paralysis. Pearse, Abel, aged 58 years, nativo of Truro ; died August 13, of paralyftiB. Wilson, John, aged G9 years, native of Sweden ; died August 14, ol paraiyBis. Wil- son, Wm., oged 50 years, native of Banff, shire, Scotland ; died Augusto, of paralysis. INTERCOLONIAL. NBW SOUTH WALES, TheParkea Ministry having been defeated on Mr, Garrett's resolution regarding the in- terpretation of a clause ia tho Land Act, applied to the Governor for a dissolution, bat this Sir Hercules Robinson expressed himself willing to grant only on condition that tho Go- vernment obtained supplies. His Excellency adopted a Bimilar course on the occasion of the resignation of the Robertson Ministry. Sir Henry Parkes, however, at once declined to accept a conditional dissolution, and resigned. Sir John Robertson waa then Benn for, end after some difficulty succeeded in forming the following Ministry ; -Sir John Robertson, Colonial Secretary and Premier; Mr. J. Docker, Vice-President of the Executive Council ; Mr. Long, Treasurer ; Mr, Garrett Minister of Landa ; Mr. Combes, Miniater of Works ; Mr. Baker, Minister ol Mines; Mr, W. B. Dalley, Attorney.General; Mr. Lackey, Minister of Justice and Public Instruction ; Mr. Davies, Poatmaster-Ganoral. The new Government ia not regarded as a strong one. Comment has boen made on the fact of Sir John Robertson leaving out several of his former colleagues, and atill more on hia again including Mr. Garrett in h¡B Ministry after the disclosures which were made regarding tbat gentleman before tho downfall of the lost Robertson Govern- ment When the names of the new Mi- nisters were brought before the Assembly on their seats being declared vacant, Mr. Abbott proposed tbat the House should express ita dissatisfaction with Mr, Garrott'a appoint- ment, but it was felt that until that gentle- man and bis friends were present to speak and vote, no action should be taken, and Mr, Abbott's amendment waa only support-Hi by two members. Opposition has been offered to the re-election of several of the new Minis- ters, chiefly at the instigation of the Working, men's Defence Association, but in no caao has it been successful. Sir J. Robertson was re-eleced for West Sydney by a majority of nearly 300 over the Oppoaition candidate, Mr. Garrett and Mr. Baker have been re- turned unopposed, and Mr. Coombes haa been re-elected by an overwhelming majo- rity. The petitions sent to Her Majesty for an extension of Sir Hercules Robinson's term of office as Governor of New South Wales were duly presented to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, who, in the coarse of a de- spatch toSiiHeri,,uieBRobinBon,obEorves:-,T request that yon will inform the memorialists that their petitions have been laid before the Queen, and that Her Majesty ia gratified to observe the well-merited appreciation of your services io which they boar witness, bat that it is necessary that Her Majesty's advisers should hold themselves absolutely free to tender Bach advice to the Qaeen as may permit of the employment of an experienced Governor in any place in which the requirements of the moment may appoar to render hia services moat valuablo ; and therefore it ia not poa Bible to decide in advance in what portion of Her MajeBty'B dominions it may bp of advan- tage for any officer to bo employed." The long-continued drought in the North- western district has at length broken np, and rain has fallen extensively throughout the colony. The drought while it lasted caused enormous destruction of stock, and many squatters have been almost ruined. Mr. J. B. Houston, the vica-prcBident of the Pacific Mail Company, has returned to San Francisco by the City of Now York, leaving the settlement of the mail contract still an open question. While in Sydney he exerted himself to get the colony to join in a representation to the Committee of Ways and Means at Washington as to the Impolicy of the American duty on wool. Mr. Augustus Monia strongly supported this view, and the name of Mr. Samuel Davonport, of South Australia, was mentioned in several cirolea as a person whom all the colonios might agree in nominating as a special commissioner, There ia to be a very vigorous attempt at Washington to get increased subsidies for steamship lines, and at the same time a re- duction of duty on snob, raw materials as may be useful to American'manufacturera. Great destruction of property has occurred at Wallsend, owing to the falling ia of a coal pit A Wesleyan ohapeh coating £1,200, waa totally destroyed. About a dozen other places either Bottled down or canted on one Dide. The streets in the locality were full of great openings, and much alarm was felt by all the residents in the surrounding local! The Egmont, from Cooktown, reports call- ing at the vicinity of tbe R.M.S. Singapore and Normanby wreoks. The former ia irre- trievably lost, with rooks 15ft through her bottom, but an attempt is being made to re- cover her engines and boiler. The Normanby received greater damage than was at first anticipated, as the water has been over her Beloon deck and np to the upper gratings of j the engine-room. Strenuous efforts are being made to find the extent of the injury, but the divers had a difficult task, owing to,tho ship being embedded in sand. As a commentary on the anti-immigration meetings that have lately been bo plentiful in and around Sydney, a strike of-tho maaona employed on the new Lands Office is re- ported. The present rates aro 10a. a day for eight hours' work, and the demand is tor la. extra. The Working Men's Defence Association lias issued a manifesto. The programme in- cludes the prevention of public moneys being expended on immigration, the ortcourage ment of manufactures and colonial indus- tries, electoral reform on the basis of popu- lation, and payment of members, land law amendment, and provision for the better de velopmeut.of the mineral resources, QUEENSLAND. Sir Wilb'am Jervois and Colonel Scratchley have been engaged daring the past month ia examining the Queensland ports with a view to their defence, and bave visited the prin- cipal towns, in all of which they met with a very cordial reception from tho citizona. At Brisbane they reviewed the Brisbane and Ipswich volunteers to the number of 500, and complimented the men on their efficiency, considering the disadvantages previously experienced in their equipment. The Governor has Riven hia assent to the bill for regulating the immigration of Chinese, and preventing them becoming a charge on the colony. The Brisbane Exhibition waa opened on August 21 by the Governor with very little ceremony. Sir A. E. Kennedy, in a brief apcocb, congratulated Queensland upon the success achioved, and upon th6 fact that the other colonies bad so cordially assisted. The weather was splendid, and the Exhibition a very great success. The Exhibition was not only tbe largest, but more valuable in every way than that of last year. There was a good oompetition in winsg, and Victoria was fairly represented in this section. The stock was conntdered the finest in quality ever shown in Queensland, the Hereforda and Darli aras being of great excellence. Several prizes were taken by Victorian exhibitors in different sections. The exhibition closed at tbe end of the week. Walden Cowatd haa reported from the Palmer Gold-field that tbe camp near May lowrr »ai Btuck up and robbed by Chinese, and ¿200 taken out of the Bafe, which was eroBBhed to atoms. The orderly in charge waa nearly killed. The Chinese came prepared with ropes and tools, and the orderly's head was lashed to a post ; his feet were also lashed, bia hands tied behind his back, a rope was put round bia neck, and his head put in a bag. Mr. Coward traced and arrested two Chinese. Extraordinarily rich specimens, containing l.OOOoz. of gold, have been obtained at the No. 7 South Lady Mary mine at Gympie. Another accident has happened to one of the mail boats of the Torres Straits line. On the night of the 13th August the steamer Normanby struck on an unknown reef off Percy Island, at the west end of Pine Inlet. She was beached by the captoiu, and then had eight feet of water in the forehold. The psssengers, with the mails and stores, were safely landed. The steamer haB since bsen successfully floated off. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The difficulty between the Government and the Legislative Council still continues. Ab stated in our last Summary, the Coancil, in consequence of an alleged want of courtesy shown to it hy Sir Henry Ayers, the Chief Secretary (who ia a member of the Upper House), in the matter of erecting the new Houses of Parliament, carried a reso- lution declining to procoed with tho pablio busineeB eo long as Sir Henry Ayers repre- sented the Government. The Ministry de- termined not to sacrifice Sir Henry Ayors, as they considered it unconstitutional for the Council to dictate as to the composition of the Government. A meeting of the mern bera of the Assembly unfavourable to the Government waa held with the object of taking advantage of tbe situation in order to turn out the Ministry, and it waa re- solved to movo a vote of want of confidence. The Opposition, however, had rocently suf- fered a Bevere defeat, and on ita being eacor tnined that a motion had no chanco of being carried, it wbb not brought forward. In tho meantime the Council went through the for- mality of meeting once a week, when Sir Henry Ayers waa aBked whether ho bad any statement to make, to which his invariable reply merely was "that ho was ready to go on with the public business," aud a motion for adjournment waa then carried. At length, on Wednesday last, the matter assumed a new phase, by Mr. Baker moving the following resolution, which was carried:-"That this Council, while object- ing to the leadership of Sir Henry Aye», wih proceed with the public business, and directa that all public bills already or hereafter lo bo received from the Houao of Asaorably ha placed in charge of tbo Hon. William Moigan." A contingent resolution was also r.afsod giving Mr. Morgan, ir.Btead of Sir Henry Ayers, the right to opeak tiricB during ti debate. The Government hive not yet an- nounced what course they intend to take with reference to this resolution. Tho Assembly bos negatived a proposal to introduce a bill in favour of payment of members ; and has also, by a large mijirity, increased tbe acreage for agricultural selec- tion from one to two square milea. Mr. Hardy has given notice in tho As- sembly for the survey of a railway to connect Border Town nith Murray bridge, to form part of the Uno between Adelaide and Mel- bourne, The telegraph line between South Aus- tralia and Western Australia has been par- tially completed, and communication with Western Auetralia has been opened by horse express. Eyre's Sandpatch, the farthest point to which the wiro has been erected, ia about 100 milea from the Sonth Australian bolder. An influential company has been formed to construct the outer harbour at Lir¿s Btv, with a capital of £G0,000. The worka will in- clude a pier 0,450ft. long, into24(t. of water at low tide, Tbe Government rissent has yot to bo obtained. A new theatre, costing £20,000, is to bs built in Adelaide for Mr. Edgar Chapman, the proprietor of the old building, which is to be palled down. Mr. Wilton Hack, the missionary, has re- turned from Japan. He reports that the Government resists the emigration of nativos to the Northern Territory. The captain of the Birmah has discovered that the compass in iron vessels when en- veloped in earth ia proof against magnetic deflections, TASMANIA. The new Tasmanian Ministry was sworn in on August 9. It consista of Mr. P. O, Fysh, Premier, without portfolio ; Mr. Moore, Colonial Secretary ; Mr. W. R, Giblin, At- torney-General ; Mr. William Moore, Minister of Lands and Worka ; Dr. J. W. Agnew, re- presentative of the Government in the Legis- lative Council, without portfolio ; Colonial Treasurer, Mr. N. J. Brown. Parliamont has been prorogued by proclamation until September 25, when It will meet for the despatch of business. Captain Gilmore not having taken his seat for Georgetown in the now Assembly during the whole of the lato session, the seat has become vacant. Mr. Giblin (at present not a member of Parlia- ment) is to be nominated for the vacancy, Mr. Hawkes baa resigned hia seat for the MerBoy in the Legislative Council in favour of Mr. Moore, the Colonial Sooretary. In the Assembly, after the Ministers' seats were de- clared vacant, the ex- Premier (Mr. Reiboy) attacked the new Ministiy. Mr, Douglas re- plied with some warmth. Subsequently there wee a " scene " between the two membsrs ia the precincts of the House, and some fiery language waa exchanged. The members of the now Ministry havo been re-eleoted. The Hon. Jamos Reid Scott has been found dead in his study. The richneBS of the West Tamar gold-fiold is canning considerable excitement. NEW ZEALAND. One of the Government measures of vita' importance to the natives-the Native Land Court Bill-met with mont determined oppo- sition from a number of Government sup- porters, one of whom moved an amendment to the effect that the Government should take tbeir bill back, and remodel it. The Minis- try at length withdrew the Native Land Court Bil), end wero then assailed ia another direction. One of the Weat Coast members raised the question that the incidence of taxation should be altered. The question Boon assumed a gravity that disquieted the Miniatry a little, as they partly declare, while admitting the necessity for au alteration, that they were not prepared to deal with the question this session. The Hon. Mr. Bowen accordingly moved aa an amendment, "That, in the opinion of tbia House, the incidence of taxation should b3 bo decided as to impose on property a fair share of the burdens entailed on the colcuy by the expenditure on public works, and thereby afford means for the reduction of the taxes on necessaries, and that the financial proposals of the Government should embody this principle." The Speaker ruled that this amendment could not be accepted, as there was another before the Houbo. The Govern, ment then accepted the previous amend ment, whioh thereby became a substantive motion. Sir George Grey then moved a aeries of resolutions, the objoot of whioh wore to alter the customs duties by increasing the lex upon luxuries nnd decreasing them upon the necessaries of life He also advocated a tax upon land and pi operry After a lengthy debate it was agreed thr t the question should stand over until next session. Mr Stout hoa brought forward a motion in the House of Representatives, the object of which ia to have the Governor of the colony elected by the people. The motion met with no support The R M.8 Australia on her last trip did not call at Honolulu, because the Govern* ment of tbe Sandwich Islands failed to make good their promise to pay a subsidy for the advantages of a steamer calling there twice a month. The omission on the voyage waa in accordance with the permission granted the contractors provisionally in November by the Governments of Sydney end New Zealand. It is reported that the Pocilio Mail Company propose to take another steamer off the service, and to ran with three boats only The unemployed agitation at Christchurch ia over , 150 men have been taken on by various public boards, and work has been offered to others ft- 5a. per day, but many re fuse it, SB being too low. Several mon who were provided at Dunedin with free passes for works at Balclutha, have tramped back to town, others aro going about tho township idle, refusing to accept the wages offered tbem. Tho largest and most important special work yet undertaken in pursuance of the Public WorkB scheme was completed re- cently, when the tunnel through the hills at the back of Port Chalmers (Deborah Bay, nearer the heads than the port) was success- fully pierced This tunnel is three quarters of a mile through, and ib the largest in the colony except the Lyttelton tunnel, which, however, was made by the provincial autho- rities of Canterbury before tho days of colo- nial pnblic works The completion of the De borah Bay tunnel will greatly facilitate the completion of the trunk line from Christ- church to Dunedin The lining &c;, will, it ia expected, be finished m September, when only a few short sections of the main northern line will remain to be done The Government are advertising for ten- ders for a monthly mail service for two yeara between New Zealand and Fiji. THE SOUTH SEAS, The latest dates from Tiji are to the 11th August The quarterly criminal sittings of the Supreme Court had just been held. There was hut one case on the calendar, a charge of indecent assault against an imported labourer, which resulted m an acquittai. This paucity of criminal offonceB speaks well for the character of the population. A case beard on the civil Bide excited a great deal of interest Twenty Bevon 1 ijian labourers sued Messrs Evans and Räume, planters for dnmogeftforfraudnlcnt misrepresentation,and for the cancellation of a contract entered into through such misrepresentation, The plain tiffs gamed a verdict with costs, to the amount of abont £150 Many of the colonists joined in a subscription on behalf of the defendants, and the proprietor of the Fiji Times had to apologise to the Chief Justice for an adverso criticism on the judgment The revenue of the now colony for the year 187G was estimated st £-10 000 The amount actually received was £38o2l The quaran- tine regulations are strictly enforced in Fiji, Coptiin Weiss of the Samoa has been fined £200, with the alternative of six months' imprisonment, for sundry breaches of these regulations The Wesleyan mission brig John Wesley, which left 1 iji for Samoa, cn route to Now Ireland, on tho 2nd July, waa compelled by the British Consul at Samoa to return to Levuka with despatches for Sir Arthur Gordon. The American vessel Monchikoff WBB leaving Samoa at the time for Tiji, but tho conBul had not sufficient confidence to send bia despatches by her. 1 mding perena mons uBcleso he went bo far as to threaten compulsion nnloas the Wesley did his bid- ding, no doubt considering that the im- portance of his despatches overweighed all pecuniary loes to tho mission aud annoyance to the passengers which would be the natural consequence of his determination The John Weeloy, after dropping those all important despatches, once moro atood away for New Ireland. In Samoa there has bsen a great fight bo tween tho parties contending for tho Bapre macy. Tbe particulars of the disturbance are D8 follow -The Tamma and Taipulo after their rotnrn from interviewing the Governor of Fiji, hoisted the Steinbargor Go\ eminent flag, with the Amanean one over it The opposition pirty-the Puletoa then pnt up their«, which had been recom. mended them, and selected by Commodore Goodenough Thio waa tantamount to a de fiance of the Government party who at once called for adherents to cruBh the Pule too The Utter, eoemp reetstinco hopelens eent 100 guns and their fltg, al tokens ot submission, which were refuted by tho Go vernment party who demanded the unoon ditional surrender of certaiu refractory chiefs of the Puletoa party, in o-der to decapitate them. As th°BB terms were not consanted to preparations wero mado for fighting On tbe 12th July the battle commenced, but lusted for a few hours ouly The dofeat wis the mcfit thorough one that has ovor been given in Samoa. The Government pirty lost 15 men only, whibt of the Puletoa 45 were killed and Bovoral hundreds were taken prisoners, and distributed in email numbers throughout the various districts, Bo as to prevent any future attempt at con cortmg together with the object of disturbing the peace of the country The resident BntiBh Consul gave Borne little umbrage to tbe Govmment party by affording the pro tection of the BntiBh flap to some chiefs of the Puletoa party, even when their hvoa were promised to be spared by the Govern- ment party if he would deliver them up. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS The R M S S China, Captain T. Alderton, having taken on board her mails, specie, and PDEEengers, left the bay on her outward voyage for Galle on the 7th Auguat The R M.S S. Tan j oro, Captain Tentiman, with the English and foreign maits inwards, reached the bay on tho evening of the 14th Angust The Torres Straits steamar Brisbane, with the Indian ond China mails, arrived at Sydney on the 20th Au_ust The San Francisco mail BtosmerAuitralian, with the Laropean and American mails in- wards, arrived at Auckland on the 12th, and at Sydney on the 21at Au_aat BTATE or T-ADE. The past month has boen characterised by very considerable dulness in buainosa The utmost difficulty has been oxperieuced all through in getting the large buyera to operato or entertain transactions of a speculative character, all feeling or spirit of enterprise has been allowed to remain dormant, and -nlos, as a rule, have beon confined to supplying actual wants Much of this, there ia no doubt has been owing to the Btate of uncertainty which waa allowed to hang over the trade of the port through tho delay necessarily forced upon the Trea Burer m the delivery of his budget Bpooch, as it was impossible to divine what articles might be or what mi_bt not bo touched by his magic wand, and tho sequel has since shown how very futile any attompt must have been even to guess at nine tenths of the Government propoaolfl now brought for ward. But complaints of the dulness ex- perienced during the month undor review hate not morely anson through the want of any speculative enterprise amongst the heavier buyer*, bat have boon quite as much directed agamot tbo want of animation which han been oo prominent a feature of the country trado and ordinary local demand, o Btote of mattera which apparently ia to bo attributed to the drought-lth willoh the coun ! try diBtnc's, not only lu Victoria but ia Hive ! ima and tho otbor colonies havo ngam been threatened through which thobeatondoavoura of tho agriculturist free selector, and all connected with industrial pursuits in the interior run the risk of being completely paralysed. Symptoms of an improving nature have, howover, appeared again of late, bat theBO have been so frequently doceptivo that we aro almost afraid to indulge in the hopo thnt a permanent chango for tho botter can ever set in again. Notwithstanding such drawbacks, it is with much satisfaction we are able to refer to the healthy aspects of trade otherwise, bills appear to be woll met on the wholo, and if any insolvencies have occurred which have excited the shghteat interest they have not certainly come before ua in the nsual way, and through the published accounts of mcotings of cre- ditors being held Indeed, everything considered, we have beon remarkably free from any euch unpleasant draw- backs. Owing to the provailtug dulnosa, operationa in breadstuff- have boon of a very minor character, and little intoroat has been created thereby The want of animation expononoed haa bBen almost entirely owing to tbo ooutmned heavy ar- rivals from the country districts conflicting sadly, up to the present timo, with the Government statistics, which, as pointing to a very different conclusion appear to be very much at fault The entire receipts of 187G by rail, amounted to 294,270 bogs of wheat («nd flour. The receipts to 25 hAuguatof tina year a period of only eight months, amount to 1G6 711 bags, thus showing an increase of 72,741 bags in favour of tbo jatter poriod During the month the Pelham has been taken up to load 550 tona for South Africa and about 350 tona more have gono forward to the other colonies Operations in corn sacks have been trifling, notwithstanding the contemplated imposition of » duty. About 300 balea have been disposed of. Sugars havo of late had an improving tendency, Bat when we state that the company's Balea for the month do not aggregate more than 700 tons, or about half an average month, we say enough to show the amount of depression which has pervaded the market. In othor descnp tiona, the quittance of the Ville da Temple's cargo, and that of the Gipsy, both from Mauritius, are the oaly Bales ol' consequence The first arrivals of the new clip nf wool have been received into store during the last fortnight The feature of the month in commercial circles baa been tho Treasurer's budget speech, and though the measures proposed have not yet been pissed, but have still to be disonesed ia committee, it may not be oat of place to refer hero to some of the more prominent points affecting our trade. In the articles which Mr, Berry haa eolected for ro mission or imposition of du'ica we can discover no principle whatever by which he baa been guided, and if hie propásala have been tccepted at all in mercantile circles, it baa been solely because, with his prosent majority, Mr. Berry boa undoubtedly the power of putting traders in a far more dis agreeable position than he has choson to do and anything whatever obtained in that direction ia looked upon aa so mach gain, bat when Mr Berry proposes a remission of dutieB on dried fruits, building materials gloves, &.C, we cannot help thinking he aims at relieving from taxation a class of persons wh j can well afford and did not grudge to pay the Impost And when in lieu of these he proposes a new tax upon sacks, woolpacks, gunnies &c;" and apon eil sheep and cattle imported Into the colony, he wilfully inflicts additional burdens opon a elees he has always sworn to protect the working people of the colony-he raises new barriers against the reciprocity which ought to be cultivated between ourselves and the other colonies, ia likely to destroy an im portant industry which has been established in preserved meats, and he loads with new burdens the export trade now opening out in breadstuff's and agricultural produce, &c; the profita of which are already reduced by com- petition to a minimum point, and that he does that without even the excuse of a fail- ing revenue to offer for all the mischief. In the transactions of the month, the ad- vance of the season will be Been in tho de- mand which ia now rising up for many articles which for several months post have been treated with the moat complete neglect Bulk ales have been more noticed, and amongst tho business reported we note the quittance of 100 hhds. of Bass's, which came to band about the beginning of the month. Bottled ales and stout are obtaining increased attention. The sales of cornsacka amount to 300 bales, and a fair business has also been done in woolpacks Candles had some notice early in the month, bat there has been less activity since. Business in cements has been reported. Coffee has only been lookol after for trade purposes. In fish, the arrival of new ling, and a very considerable rua upon salmon, are the only features In hurts, speculative attention was directed towards carrants, and 1,900 barrels wero taken up by one buyer. The open ing spring trade in hops has led to tbe quittance of 500 pockets, at least of Tasmanian dunng the lost fortnight. Malt haa also had improved attention. In oils keroaene haa been in considerable re- quest for trade purposes, but very few large linea bave changed hands. Rico -Patna haa been in good trade request, and about 500 tona have been resold since the market was bought up a couple of months ago. Sugar baa already been referred to. Teas have bsen marked by great dulneBS. Tbia week, how ever, some 5,000 packages were disposed of at the auction eales, consisting entirely of old season's goods. In tobacco some consi- derable parcels of Childrey's ha" e been quitted. A good business baa been done in timber. Brandies have had comparatively little show. Two lines of equal to dOOhhd. and 150hhd of Central and Champagne Vineyards are, however amongst the sales reported. The arrival of the mail Bteamor Tan j ore at Ade- laide wes telegraphed on tho 12th August, and on the 14th this steamer reached Hobson's Bay. By that opportunity our ad- vices from London came np toGth July, from Calcutta to 18th July, from Colombo to 26th July and from Saigon to 10th July. The Buebane, with the Torrea Straits mail armed at Sydney on the 20th ult, by which our advices from Foo chow carne up to 7th July (the Ocean han since brouttht advicea to dOih Julj), from Hong Kong to 13th July, Manilla to 24th July, from Batavia to 19tb Taly, and from Singapore to 21at July. The Australia, from San Francisco, arrived at Auckland on the 12th Auguat, but did not reach Sydney till the 21at Our dates from New York by circular reach to 7th July, and from San Francisco to 18th July. EICUAIyGE AMI MONEY. The bonita' selling rate of exchango on London for GO days' Bight hill has this month teen reduced to 1 per cent, premium. The buying rate is par. Interest is paid by the banka at the rate of 5 por coat on 12 months' deposita, 4 per cent on six months', and 3 per cent, on three months' deposits. The tates of discoant are G per cent for two monthB1, 7 per cent for three months', and 8 per cent for four months' bum. MOCK AND STATIONS. The following baleB have boon effected in Ibis class of property -Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co. report having sold by private contract to Messrs. Robertson BrothorB, of Colac, on account of Messrs. Becker and Green, of Bourke, their station property on the Balloo River, in the Warrego district of Queensland, known aa Comonigin, consist- ing of 31 blocks of country,with an extensive frontage, and comprising 1 500,000 acres of Crown lands, together with the improvements and 8 000 head of cattle, ata satisfactory price, Mr CbarleB Brown reports having sold to Mr. J. H. M Vean, on account of Mr. W. Lookbart Morton, a run m the Albert district, New South Wales, known as Monolon Peak DownB, No. 5, containing 54,000 aorea, with out stock, at a satisfactory price. Messrs It Goldsbrough and Co. report having sold by auction the Priory Block H etation, situated in tho Lachlan dis- trict, New South Wales, together with the stock thereon, at a satisfactory price. The Barrio firm also report having poid by private contract the Nangenbone Station, situated in the Wellington district, N S W , on account of Mr. Robert Crawford, at a satisfactory price. Mr. Charles Brown reports having sold, on account of Mr. Lloyd Jones, three runs in the Warrego district, Queensland, known aa Retro, Dundoo, and Marathon East, with fronUcoB to the Yowah Creek, without stack, to Messrs Black and 1 oott, at a satisfactory pnce. Mosers. B. D. Morehead and Co , Block and station agents, Brisbane, report having sold, on account of Mr. D Gunn, the Kensington Downs Station, in the Mitchell district, together with l8 000 sheep, for the sam of £15,000, to Monars. Cameron and Crombie, on account of Mr. D. Burgh Peisso, the Cungabulla Station. Gregory South district, to Messrs Caswell and Hughes, for £1000, on account ot Mecsrs. Andrew, Paterson, and Ord, five blocks of country in the Maranoa district, at a satisfactory price ; for Mr, D M Connell, his Mount Marlow station, Barcoo, with 2 JOO cattle, unmuatered, for £21 000 cash, the Hon. James Taylor purchaser. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co re- port the sale by auction, by order of Mr. Isaac Evans, the surviving tcustca under the will of the late Mr. Henry James, of the Broadlands Eatato, near Bacchus Marsh, com- prising 1.43G acres 3 roods l8 perches of free- hold land, for the sum of £20,100. Messrs. King and Coningham and Messrs. Peck, Hudson, and Raynor loport having sold, on account of the cb tato of the late Donald M Rao, the Canlpaulin Station, in tho Albert district of Now South Wales compriPing the following blocks of country, viz - Nattolhe, Canlpaulin, and Bonley, containing 177,000 acree, with purchased land, 3 000 cattle, 15,000 shoop, 35 horses, and all improvements ; also, on the same account, the following blocks -Glengyle GlonluB, Glenara, Glennon, Glenlocha, and Glenfinlas, district of North Gregory, Queens land, and known collectively as Glengyle Station, with 1,500 cattle and M horses: area 300 square miles. The prices obtained were considered satisfactory to vendors. STOCKS BJ BOMD. The following wore tho stocks in bond at Melbourne on Aug. 25 .-Brandy, 7,508 bhd., 78,911 cases; rum, 2.1G1 hhd" 1,300 casea ; geneva, 29 bhd., l8 373 red cases, 4,284 green cases; whisky, 1.912J hhd., 11,905 cases ; gin, sweetened, 20 bhd., 3,035 cases ; cordials, 902 cases; spirits of wine, 12>hhd.; other Bpints, 16.83G cases ; wine, 4 32G hhd., 29,982 cases; beer, 2,175 hhd., 2152G cases and casks ; tobacco (manufactured), 105 half tierces, 1,564 quarter- tiercee, 22 kege, 3,524 three quarter boxes and bozos, 4,480 cases ; do, unmanufactured, 501 bhd. and casto», 99 cases, 892 balea; candles, 20 oheate, G 524 boxea ; cigars, 981 casea ; kerosene, 47,150 cases ; flour, 4 baga ; cocoa and choco- late, 490 packages ; coffee, 685 bags, 5 tierces, 4 casks, 71 cases ; wheat, 1,604 bags ; chicory, 184 packages; opium, C6 packages; oats, 9,049 bags ; hops, 733 pockets ; rue, 01,803 bags, 295 tonB ; salt 10,101 bagi ; vlnogar^ 093 caske, 1.758 cases : tea, 1,754 cheat«, 72,212 half-chests, 39.7G3 boxes; sugar Mauritius, 7,512 bags, 4,650 Dockets ; Róauion, 259 bogs, 71 mats ; Java, 7,216 bags, 20,53c baskets. 23.G5G mats ; othor ports, 19,291 bogs, 417 mats ; refinery, 2,743 tons, 1,815 cases or casks. mroETB AND Eïrouia. The value of the imports at the port of Melbourne during the week ending toa 25th inst amounted to £237,474. Of an. parel and slops the amount was ¿7,031; cotton piece goods, £31,752 ; coals, £8,882 ; nndreEBedtimber,£8.830;woollenB,&c.;,_13,509; haberdashery, £6,153 ; galvanised sheet-iron, £5,293 ; Bri nar, £4,166 ; and boots and shoes, £6,764. The exports from the port during the same period amounted to £87,67L They included -Flour, £G,734 ; tea, £3,227 ; tobacco and cigare, £3,499; and wool, £11,765; The following table gives the imports and exports ol tbe port from the beginning of the year 1.877 to the 25th inst, aa com» pored with the correeponding period of 1876 : Imports. Ecporti. Week J-DÜlne 1870. 1S77. 1870. 1877. - - £ - Jan. 0_ S74.47S 170,665 426,037 £26,608 Jan. IB.. B17.228 820,648 481,930 £74,63 Jan. 20.. £76,463 B&5,300 208,193 318,568 Jan. 27.. 281,031 -34,001 011,895 1,028,461 Fob. 8.1 -14,480 -60,010 831,701 112,853 Feb. 10.. 182,313 873,101 137.3S6 72.309 Feb. 17-. 878,670 S57.0B7 833,954 856,046 Fob. 24.. £81,718 £83,071 518.501 670,195 Mar. 8.. 169.210 S67.5I1 148,203 £18,218 Mar. 10.. -40,640 £87,769 79.404 01060 U»r. 17... 141,263 £09,176 £00,092 187,460 Har. 24.. 137,545 108,883 -S6,138 090,530 Mar. 31.. 241,481 03,147 95,603 66.188 April 7 .. -60,021 819,852 07,453 132,206 April 14.. 170,364 803,744 100,601 140.039 April 21.. 104,036 £17,717 271,812 605,034 April 28.. £33,178 £20,104 101,913 165.490 May 6.. -44,816 163.449 187.360 100,900 «ay 12.. 166 679 167.1B2 92,121 £17,31!! May 10.. 220,916 170,008 £78,700 660,369 Kay 20.. 167,619 240,083 69,720 83,614 Juno !. 140,432 887.203 46,012 00,128 Juno 0.. 168,639 £74,161 148.157 134,744 Juno IB.. 108,179 £62,797 £81080 808,248 J um 23.. 191,100 £24,490 00,936 189,163 Jnr.o80_ 173,802 244,180 77,170 103.86S July 7.. 103,609 839,695 850,171 103 05S July 14.. 268.0B7 226.193 B1Í.631 849.79» July 21.. 218,094 £90,691 87,068 03.580 July 58.. 861,097 809,010 48,371 89,74« Aug. 4.. 417,668) £63,167 112,832 179,0-1 Aug. 11.. 103,368 £81,347 883.844 £34.291 Aug. l8.. 218,385' 806,527 123,722 63,238 Aug. 25.. 210,062 7,787,307 237,474 00,681 87,071 Totals .. 0,011,489 7,413,228 8,182,261 During the first period the accounts.etood thus: Importu.V '.. .. v.- ..-7,787,307 Exporta. .. - 7,413,228 Balance of import- over exporta £374,070 Baring the second period : Importa " .. _ ...£0,011,493 Export«..' _ ., .. .. 8,182 264 Ealance of Imports over exports, . -879,235 Comparing the above periods with eaoh other the results are as under : Importa in 1878 .. .. '..£7,787,807 Imports in 1377 .. .. - 0,011,48« Increase In 1877 ..' .. "£1,224,182 Increase In 1877 Ti ii _ £719,028 rDBLIO COMPANIES. The Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank (Limited),-The seventh ordinary general meeting of this bank was held on the 7th August From the directors half-yearly re- port and b-lance-Bbeet it appearod that the operations of the bank for the past six months bad produced more profitable rOsults than thoBO of any previous period. The amount at the credit of the profit and losa account was £4,590 8s. 4d., which waa ap. proprinted in tho following manner:-In- terest guaranteed on payments in advance, £605 9b. Id.; dividend at the rato of 8 per cent, £1,380; and balance to next half-year, £2,612 TJs, 3d. Owing to the continued ex- tension of tho buainoBB, and with the view of rendering the bank more attractive to de. positors, the directors recommended that the capital ("hould bo increased from £100,000 to £1,000,000, Tho roport and balance oh ret wero adopted. An extraordinär; meeting was subsequently held, and a reso- lution, based on the recommendation of the directors respecting the increaso ot capita), was carried by a large majority. The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company.-The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in this company wos hold on the 7th Augiiot, tho lion. T. T. A'Beokett presiding. The report of the directors, which was referred to in our laBt summary, was submitted. The chairman, in moving its adoption, reviewed tho position of the com. I nny in regard to tho Government justifying tho price which the company had demanded for their property. With regard to the pro- position to toke running potrera over the componj's lines for the conveyanoo of the GippB Land traffic to Melbourne, he expressed his conviction that if a consultation took place between members of the Government or their représentatives and the directors of the company, an arrangement could be come to which would bs eminently satisfactory to the public The directors, however, were, en it were, tabooed by the Government, and treated aspereons with whom no arrangement should bo attempted, as not the elighteat intimation of any desire to diäcuBB tho matter had been conveyed by the Government to the company. The report was adopted, A dividend of 10 por cent, waa declared, with n honup of 5a. per share, while a balance of £10,393 83. 4d, was carried to the reserve fund. Tlie Bank of Victoria.-Tho forty.ninth half-yearly meeting of this bank waB held on the 7th of Auguat, Mr. Henry Miller pre Biding. A Bstiafactory report and balance. ebect were submitted and adopted. The Australasian Insurance Company. The half-yearly general meeting of this com- pany waa held on the 7th of Auguat at thoic offices, in CollinB-atrcet, Sir Charlea Mac- mahon in the chair. The report and balance-sheet presented by the directors were adopted, nnd it was agreed to pay interest to the shareholders at the rate of 10 por cent, per annum. The Provincial and Suburban Bank.-The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in tbis bank wbb held on the 7th August, at the officeB in Smitb-Btreet, Fitzroy. The report and balance-Bheot, which were of a satis- factory and encouraging charactor, were adopted, A dividend was declared at the rate of 8 per cent Mr. Crooke, on behalf of the shareholders, presented Mr. J. It. Faw- cett, with a gold watch and chain, in recog- nition ¡of the BerviceB rendered by bim as a director of the bank. The Gas Companies,-Special meetings of the shareholders of the Melbourne, Colling- wood, and South Melbourne Gas Companies were beld on the 13 th of August for the pur poBe of considering tho advisability of amal- gamation. The terms of agreement adopted by tbo directors were submitted to the share- holders of the three companies, and carried unanimously by all. The principal provisions were that the capital of the united compauy, to be called the Metropolitan Gas Company, should consist of tho sum of £555,000, in 111,000 shares of £5 each, with power to in- crease to £1,000,000 ; the shareholders in the Melbourne company to receive 63,000 shares, the Collingwood company 35,000 shareB, and tbe South Melbourno company 13,000 shares. The maximum price of gas is not to exceed 7b. Gd. per 1,000 cubio feot whilst the price of coal delivered at the works of the company does not exceed 30s. per ton. Provision is also to be made for the appointment of gas examiners and meter inspectors. Power is to be given to any Metropolitan Board of Works hereafter constituted to purchaso the property. The Australasia Coal Company. - The sixth half-yearly meeting of the Australasia Coal Company was held on the 29th Auguat. at the Temperance-hall, Russell Btroot. There was a large attendance of shareholders, and the Bfyle of management at the mine and the mode in which the statement of accounts was drawn up were freely criticised. After a long discussion tho report and balance, ebect were adopted, but a resolution was agreed to affirming "that the direotors be requested to in future give an abstraat state, ment of receipts and expenditure and an abstract of contracts, in addition to capital and profit and Iobb account" The secretary of the company, Mr, Longmore, M.L.A., stated that einco the discover; of a valuablo coal Beam, the mino was now estimated to be able to jield 2,000,000 tons ol valuablo coal. The Mntual Assurance Society of Victoria.' -The half-yearly meeting of this society was held on the 27th inst, at their office in Col. lina-street The report submitted showed that the progress being made was continuous, as since the 30th June last there had been already issued 155 new policies, insuring £40,783, and increasing tho income of the society by £1,210. The income of the oooiety from premiums alone now amounted to £2G,00O. A good deal of business was being got from the other colonies, especially South Australia, so that the members would pro. bably soon bave to consider the advisability of establishing a brnnoh at Adelaide. Tho actuary bad reported that the past half-year's expenses were 44 per cent, below those of the previous period. The report and balance sheet were adopted. SALES OF PROPERTIES. Moeurs. 0. J. and T. Hau report the «do of the lol. lowing city and suburban proportion during. tho toonthi vit î-Molbourno-Bourke street cajt, by order of tbo executor of tbo lato Mr. B. M'Ko o vor, lud 42 X 00.9, with two two-story brick shops, £3,826 CwUon-Drummond-2troot, Und 49 6 x 165, £U8 109\. Corinella, ono aero, £8. Fitzroy-PalmeMitrcot, ïand 65 x 114, with Pesnnoe-vlUa, £775. «Hawthorn Morang-road, land 34 x 162. £111 Be. Prahran-Hlgh «troet, land 29 x 90, £174. Point Nepean, land Ila. 2r. Mbp., £85. Carlton -Nicholson street, lind 67 x 53, «466. Collingwood-Bond-Btroet, land 10 x 74, £70. Alphington, ono aero and a half, £2W¡. Fitzroy Barker-Btroct, bind 100 x 74 along Bcotchmor street, £160. Hawthorn-Wo inborn-road, 120 x 810. also Glonferrie road, land 72 x 208, £533. Carlton- Dr um inond-Btrcot, land 72 3 x 100, £250. Bulla Bulla vil- lage, ono aero, £13 10s. Richmond-Len a ok-street, land 187 6x 158. it 1th commodious family reoldenco, £3.125. Messrs. GemmfMí. Tucrkit, and Co report tho salo ot tho following properties .-Toorak-Land, S30!L Bin. to Gardiner's Crook road by 702ft. to Qlonierrio xoad, for £1,200 Blchmond, Bwan-Btroet-Land. 701t. «in x SOft. at £4 10s. por foot, £341 6s. Colling w od, comer of Victoria and Duko streets-Land, 60ít* x 100ft. with brick cottage, for £505 Eiwt Holbourne, Goorgo Btroot- Crown allotmont 14, section 10. land Hött, x 105ft. at £10 per foot, £600. Toorak. Toorak ro»f1-Land, 100ft. x 495ft. with villa residence for £1,050 North Molbourno, Jeffcott street-Land, 13 'It. x 166ft" for £l 221 Also, by order of tho trustées of MrB. A. H Croppor, with tho approbation of tho master In equity, tho following city property - Lonsdalo-atrcot weet, land, 88ft x 83ft. Oin , with brick cottago ; land id] lining, 28ít- to Lodb ja lo-Btroot weat-c S8(t 2tD ; also land, 68ft. to right or-w*y run- ning from Little Bourko- stroot x 44ft, with Iiur two storied brick dwclllnghouaos ; also land, 87ft 8in ti right of-vayxC lit 81n ; also land, Sift. Stn to Llttlo Bourko-Btreot westxGOft Oin .with four two-storied trick house*. Also, on account of Mr. W. H Cropper, land, 38 t. 7in. to right of way from Llttlo Bourke Street x 54fu 7in., with two brick cottagoa, tho whola forming an or ig- n û half aero block, for £3,000. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The Argus Office, Saturday Evenin3f. In tho Import market tho month has not been marked by much animation, and complainte of dulness bave boen numerous enough. Bulk ales havo not been much noticed. Bottled be-rs, ale, and stout havo had a m o do ra te trado inquiry. Corns.cica and woolpacks havo been comparât i roly little attended to. Candles have remained steady. In co mont llttlo busi- ness has been reported Chemie*!?, chicory, coffeo, con- fectionery, cordage, gunpowder, motáis, oils, ollmon's Stores, provisions, quicksilver, Lo, havo not boon much dealt ¿a. Broidatuffa havo been depressed. Feud lag grains, howover, have improved In value. In flab, salmon has bad a very considerable run. Fruits h*v¿ boen markod by alargo business in currants. Business in hops is commencing for tho season. Malt baa als3 begun to bo noticed. Bico has bad a good trado Inquiry. Salt ia law or. Sugar, which has beon ex- ceedingly dull all tho month, la now just beginning to show signs ot improvement Teas havo boon do Srcesed, and only ealo«.blo at all by auction. Timber as bad a fair inquiry. Tobaccoca havo boen affected by ibo fear of tariff changto, lu wines and Spirits little life or animation has been cviutod Aio and Stout -Tho mirkot for balk beers hw shown fuw features of interest Business baa been Blow, and limited to supplying actual wants, which at this eeaaon aro usually unimportant A shipment of 100 hhd. of Bass's, however, whlr.li arrived in the course of tbo month, has been «tilling in parcels at £7 100., and for smaller lots £7 15s. has been git Joules'fl has had a nominal quotation of £0. Tho Carlin u Company's has boon going in trifling lots at £7 lo?. Marrian's is quoted at £7 tu £7 5s. M'Kwan's is qulttcdat upto£010i\ Nothicglikequantitloa, ho a ov or, could be got rid of at these rate?, as to press sales a cooBldoraolo concession would hive to bo mado to admit of butinées. Bottled ales, since tho op a ration inTtnnont'a, reported with the departure of tho last mail, havo boon moving very quiotly, and sales havo not gone beyond supplying ordinary requirement*. Values havo had no chango. FiB'er'o Ins boon quitted at Ils. Tonnont's with little doing, has maintained a quotation of 10» 6d , loas 7i por cent Bass's triangle by Byass has beon sold lu parcels at 104 0d,, whllo up to Ils. has boen demanded for small lois. Porter's bulldog brand has mot with a reidy ealo at 10!. Cd. to 10s. 9J. For Allsop'.* up to 10J. Od is require'). Blood's boa maintained a Steady quotation of 93 to 9 j 3d., and sales at tho price could bo freely made, but B-iDplics havo not como for ward to any extent Aitken'., bia been moving at Ol For M*Bttan's, in cbniipaynn bott'ee, 0i ia anoflt»bl<shoa quotation. For other branda 8a. 3d upwards may bo quo ti d. Bottled Btouta havo h vi a modo rate trado de- mand. Burka'a bas hcou maintainea at 103. 61 to 10s. Od. For Edmond's pig brand 10s. Gd. Is roiltsod ; the bulldog brand brings lOi Od Halls boar's bead íb moving at 9s. Ci, for pucls, Os OJ being asked for smaller lots. Blood's haa had a vory Î;ood demand at Oi. or its equivalent lo bond, Bales atel> roportoJ hav ing bcon cbh Hy for expert. O'Brien's dagger brand has alao mot with Duj-e-a in bond principally, at equal to 8i 0 >. duty paid Byass' porter Is quoted at 8*. 3d., and other brands of porter "bring fruin 7a upwarda Bagging -The uncertainty regarding tho imposition of a duty has bean a great dotcrront to oporatlona in this market, for whilo iho hope of au h an imposition mado holders very firm, not many butera could bo found willlug to run tho riak of operating Trans- actions, consequently, up till tho timo of tho decla- ration of tho budget, woro not numerous. On ono occasion a lino of 160 halos cornstcks was reported to ¿ave been taken up at 9a 3d , boin g a slight conces- sion on the rat«, Oi. Oi, generally demanded. After- wards, when tbo Government's In to ntl on was mado known, and that a duty of Ib. por dozen on S-wka, 3d. each on packs, and Od. por dozen on gunnlos was to bo ImpoBed, ono or two very ordinary transactions were carried through, but nothing moro has been dono Bince. A Uno ot 20 balea, and ono of 60 bales, brought 0i C3-, whilo for ono parcel of 50 bales 9'. Bd, was accepted, and tho market remains now In that position* Woolpacks were moving very steadily at 8a. 3d. for trado purposes Most of tbo Rollo B ubi pine nt having boen run off at tbo quotation, afterwards 8* Od waa asked to corre- spond with tho now duty, but we havo not yot hoard cf a transaction beyond tho first named Ogure 30.000 packs wero offered at auction, but 3s. Id. only boin g Did lhere waa no Bale. Bran bags have boon iroiog off slowly atOs 9d. to 7s. Gunnies havo had little Inquiry, and no busiuees baa been roported ; wo quoto 7s., bat is stocks aro light, it is probable that noy new arrivals will at once carry the tax., when a six* penco higher will havo to be quoted. Boots and Shoes.-In these goods llttlo has been done. With tbo commencement of tho month an auction salo was held, when colonial mads boota and Shoes were cleared off at tho following prlcos, viz : -Men'aalmas, 8a, 6d" 8s 4d., 8s Id,, 8i, 7s, 6s. Od., Ci. Id., and Os- ; women's do.. 6s 4d.t 6s. Id., 6a, 5s. lOd, ; maids' do., 69 7d , 4s. 0J , 4h Od , and 4a ; girls' 10 to l8 4s 3d., 3s Dd , and Sa. 4d, ; do. 7 to 9, 8s. 6d. and 2s. 10d.; men's laco shoes, 4°.; do tis do , 5s.; men's lace boots, 7s Od.; lad i o s* exhibition kid at 40\. Od.: 2 to 6, patent, at8s Od.; do., 1 and2, at B3. Od. por pair. Slnco thon little further buiinets has boon reported. This week, bowevor, a public sale waa held, at which there was u good attendance of buyers, and tho fallowing pnces wero realised: Giris' 7-0 almas, Sa 65. to 4s ; do 10-13 do, 49. 0d. to 6s.; maids' 1 2 rio , 6s. 7d. to 6s.; women's do., Ga. to 6?. 0J«; mon's calf do., 8s. Od. to 10s ; do. bluchers, 63 lid. to 6fl.: do. lace, 7s. 0d. to 81 6d. Candles.-As tho last mail was leaving a specula- tive movement was initiated, which resulted la con- siderable ps re ela being taken up to arrivo, and on tho Bpot, and an ad van co on previous mtofl v. as established. As the month commoncoi another line of 2,000 boxes 1> B O.'s was taken no, and though busl ness sinco has been strictly confined to suppling trade wants, \a'uoi havo been well sapported'a* the improvement established This week sales of Goudas havo been mado at 10¿d , and f jr Brandon's and D.KO's woqurto from lO^d. to lOJd np tolOgl being required for Jenar's. For some time back thore has been HU lo or nothing done at auction, the demand otherwise having proved sufficient to carry off any parcela offering, tnl few datnazod lots havo In contcquenco boen selling Nor bas tbero been muen dono f r export, though this week an inquiry baa sprung up, which may yet lead to business. Quotations tu bond range fromSid toSfd. Victorian-made candles havo had a good trado demand at tho reduced rates whl'Hhive been ruling throughout tho mouth. Apollos hive been moving steadily at 9Jd to lOd , while the Comet brand has lound buyers at 9-Jd. to 9}d. Kitchen's petroltnea have n'ao beon qultitd at OJi. to lOd , ac- cording to quantity, and this maker's star brand has been moving atOjd. to Old. Cement,-Bug lucas has boen very quiet, and sales not of any great account. Portland has only been noticed for trade purposes, at our quotation of 17a. ?Sd, to ISs for best brand ; but not a transaction worth naming baa beon recorded, though tbo uncx- , pocted oropoeal of tho Government to rotuit the duties on almost all building materials might hnve stimulated tho market; but tho chances aro tint aa the remissions do not como into fo co until tho commencement of tho year, busiacsa in tho marri et is more likely tobo retarded than otherwise. Moan time a shipment of Wimble's, a now brand, was quitted at 10s, and slnco then a consignment of 350 barróla whlto waa disposed of at a similar price American plaster has boon very quiet, but as shipmonts now ad viacd are moro reasonable and moro in accordance with requirements, tho probability is that an loiprovo mont may be established ore long Sinco too ealo effected last month, at about 12s . tho quotation has not varied, but at the eaino timo thoro havo boen very few sellers at tho pneo, and an effort hiving b°oo mado to establish an improvement, importera have this week Buccccded in readying Ida. 3d for 200 barróla sold by auction. ChcmlcalB have had llttlo special attention, and only trifling salts have boon reported Pricos ha\ o under- gone no change, but romain na noted v. hen last wo wrote. Soda crystals havo ruled of late at £9 to £-1 2s 6d., tho attempt to secure a higher range of prices not having Bucccoded ; on tho contrary, we nota sales this week at a trifling reduction Carbonate of soda baa been trfated with neglect ; holders would sell at £14 and £1410s Caustic soda has been going oil at £16 to £10 10.«. for 00 per cent., and for 70 per cent, £10 to £20 has been quotod for parcels, 153. to 20a. rnoro being got for Btnail lots, flowers ot sulphur are moving at £17. Tartaric acid baa been in alow sale at our quotations of Is. OX to la 10}<L, which have Ven eus'aircd. Cream of tartar haa rulud at Is. 4d to Is M. Prepared opium et mi i o at 24s. Gd. Chicory -We note a vory fair demand for ord'nary rou tino wanta. Tbo now root has boon coming to band of late, and business his been moro active tn conitqucnco; tto quality Is superior. Trado parcels are moving at CJd., a figure, hoivevcr, which shows no chango in value. Coffee.-In this staple llttlo of i n to roa t hag trans* plred, sal cb having boon con Unod to mooting an ordi- nary trado demand. Ko Bpccial business has boen reported outBldo of that, Bimpiy brcmso holders aro very firm, and, owing to tho advices received from the producing markot, aro not over anxious to quit large parcels Plantation hiB been Belling at IS J J, to 1 ijd Java, according to quality, has boon quitad at 12Jtl ; and nativo Ceylon has beon saloab'o in email lots at lied. To got rid of parcels, hon over, a concession on theso rates would have to bo mido before any of the larger bujerB could ' o got to operate Confectionery.-Bnaiuoss m theso goods ia com- pletely monopolised by Victorian mado, assortments «I which aro moving quittly butstoidily atbd toö^d. Can died-peel Ia quitted at Is. U Is. 2d., and for jujubes la. Id is realised. Cordago -Transactions havo boon of very httlo account, but a fair trado demand Is maintained at lato quotations, nothing having transpired all tho month likely to lead to an improvement. Manilla advices to 24th July report hemp as saleable at £24 Cj, lid. f,o b. In our own markot best Manilla hemp Vic torian-mado rope has been selling at £53, sizes under lin. being disposed of at 7d. Flat ropes have been moving slowly, according to sizo, at prices ranging from £06 to £73. Now Zealand flax mado ropo has been got rid of at £44. Lines and cordage have been quitted at 5d Kew Zealand lashing la offerte g at £42, and Manilla lashing oommands £60, Beaming twine« have been BlugglBh at la. 2Jd. io le. Sd., and shop twines raupe, according to quality, from lid. to la. Id. New Zealand flax his beon Tory quiet, and no buiincja In that articlo nae beon reported for some vlrro Earthenware.-61 crates, ex Duchofsof Edinburgh, wero c1 oared off thla wock at tho (oliowine; quotatloDB :-Dinner sota brought £8 10s. to £7 ; cups and saucora, 6a 3d., 7&t; 70\. Od., Sa. por dozen; bowls, Ga. Cd. to 7s* Od per dozen ; chambers, l8. 4d , ls.6d , Ib. 7d. e*cb;puddingbowla14a,8d.,6a.I6s.9d, 0s Od. per dozon ; mugs, Sa Od. to 4s. Gd. per dozen ; dinner platos, assort od, 2s. Od. to 3s. Od. per dozon ; ectn toilet waro,, 7s Od. to 15s each ; owcra and bulns, printed, 3s Od to 6s ; earthenwj.ro toapots, fom 16. to 20a. per dozen ; jurs, from IB. 10d. to 2a. Od. per set; soup plates, 8s. 3d. to ia. Od. por dozen; dinner dUhes, 20b. to 80s. por dozon. There was a large attendance of tho trade, and pretty fair competition wbs manifested. fish.-This markot haa boon characterised by ono or two features ot interest. The limitan.» brought forward from London in 39 days tho first of tho now eoason'a shipment of ling, and tho parcol found a ready market at 7id, Nothing, however, has alnco como to h nnd. lib. ßalmon has had a vary consider- able run nil tho month, and vvnen it waa found that tho Californian stoamor had only brought on ft ship- ment of 2 000 chops for Bydnoy, a start wag at onco given to th« markot, and from 10s. Gd. tho prloo rapidly ro'o to Up, Ila. Gd, and 12a., at which it is now quoted, though thero aro no Boilers of parcels ovon at that extremo flgurc. Â shipment of 600 caaes, 21b. linp» was tAkt n up at IGj Of whlto herrings tho market haa boen very two, no arrival o( now having yet appeared ; lib fresh herrings, In tins, aro qulttod at 7a Bed horrlngs, in tina, aro disposed off at 3i_. Sardines havo had a fuir trado inquiry ; halves havo beon selling at 70* Od. to 81, whllo quarto ra havo fe und a ready enough salo at 6.; lib. o_Bt"ra have been disposed of at 6. to 69 3d ; lib. lobe tor j lavo uniformly ruled at 10a Cd Fruité:-Currants átono timo had a vory constdor ablo run, a apeculativo movement having- sot in m tha beginning of tbo month, which cleared off 1,900 bar- rels in a couplo of days, and tho prlco waa advanced to 3|d. in bond, 5.. to Gjd. duty paid being also ob* taiued Elnco thtn Sid. in bond Ima boen realised, and holders becoming stiflor, this fi¿ uro bng of Uto beon refused for largo parcels; yet wo cinnot quote ovor3jd in bond, and f¿í. dutv piH. Raisins hive only bad moderato attouiton. Elûmes ha\o hoon Bell- ing at fjd. to OU. Valencias have been quoted at6id. to C|d. Capua havo stood at 6id. Of tho latter ihe mattet was vcrj bare, but a shipment ha. latdlj arrived at Adelaide, a portion of which will doubtles. ccmo rcuLd hero. Sultanas, which wontdown to 5_d , Improved ogam, and aro now boIlintr at 63d. to Od. MuEcatelB havo been sold at 10d, Fiira aro quoted at Od ; at auction Boroo timo ago 0,000 boxes woro cleared off at alow figuro. Bonio surprise waa oxhi bitcd at tho proposal of tho Oovcrumont to remit tho duty on dried fruits; little effect, however, has been .rented on tho market, as tho remissions will not como Into force until tho beginning of tho jeir. Flour and Grain-Tho markot for breadstuff's has been dull and depressed. There has boon compara* tl> el} no inquiry far local uso, and any extra bufilnesa dono in flour haa been for export. Great difficulty hag, moreover, been experienced lu supporting values DcBpito of even thing tho markot has had to Bubmlt to a drop of 6s to 10s. under tho rats ruling last month, and even at tho reduction tho demand ia limited at prcBont to supplying moro trado wants, though in iho course of tho month tho Pelham ba- been taken up to load 650 tons for South Africa, In addition to several hundred tons which hive boen despatched, to tho other colonies. Tho exuso of tho prevailing dulae.B is cloaily traceablo to the heavy supplies which havo bien coming forward from tho country districts from wook to nook, and which, if continued for a month or two longer, will show that our agricultural utatietlca can bo no longer a BRfo guido to go by. It is, however, very generally BupposLd that tho high prices now ruling arc attract- ing hither much moro than can bo spared, and that it will not ho long beforo that ia found out. Mo an- ti mo, holders ask uo to £15 10¿, but not moro than £15 to £16 6a. can bo got for oven trade parcela, but exceptional aalos to tho extent of 100 tons aro also roportod within tho last week. Wheat, In Uko manntr, has declined 2d. por LuBhel, or thereabouts ; but tho markot is not at ali strong, and though sales of tho grain can at all limos bomorertadily mado than ol flour, yet 7a. Bd. ia given as Uo quotation ruling until now, while of lato com mon to good-but not primo qualities-havo boon sold atoa lOd. to 7s Id This week littlo was dono at the auction sales ; 7s. 3d. ha. boen maintained for primo wheat, but tho month closoa with a very weak tono Tho price in Adelaldo hasdroppod to 7a 4d.,at which a considerable business has beon dono. Cultor niau advice, to July l8 iiivo a quotation of Cs. 3d. to 6s, Od. f 0 b for wheat. Londonadvicoa by telegram alviao C7p, aa ruling in London for Adelaide whoat. Country -uppU.s to hand by rall from tho beginning of the year to tho week ending 26th August, amount to 276 471 bigs of wheat, aud 01,1:70 baga of flour; tho receipts to gamo period in 1870 being 206 831 bags of who it, and 44 862 bags _I flour. But as tho total quantity for all 1870 amounted to not more than 201 270 bags of wheat and dour, it fullowa that tho receipts of eight months of the preset t year exceed thoao of all 1870 by 72 471 bags. Feeding grail b havo had avory satis- factory trade demand, and improved rates havo been realised. Oats havo boon selling all tho month to a considerable extout, and prlcoa have been Bupported Quotations havo ruled at from 3s lid, to 4a Id. for ordinary to good feeding, and 4s 2d. tods 3d. for Ano milling. In feeding qualities a lar^o busincsahas been dono, but notwithstanding ita ex- tent, no heavy lines havo changed hands, tho demand being entirely for trado purpoBofl. Maize has boon moving off Btoadilj for ordinary require mc nts, but tho tono of tho market haa not boen bo satisfactory ; tho price at ono time fell to 8a, Old., then ros. to 3*. 10.d, ; importers, owing to an improvement in Sydney.nowaak 4s Malting baric? has been moving at4a Gd. to ii Di for common New Zealand. Primo ia scarce ; wo rjuoto 6s to _s. 8d , but thero fa nono offering. Foo Ung baa been quitted at 3a 6d. to 3s Od. Bran is s 1 Ing at Is. íi_d. to Is 4d- For pollard uo quote from la. 4d. to Is 6d. Victorian oatmeal has hoon selling at £24, and Victorian pearl barley at £22 10i. Gunpowder -A steady trado dematd has boon ex perloi ccd for blasting powdor, but Bupp'ics not boing in execs?, values havo been supported, and tho ex- tremo rateo ruling for somo time bavo continued to bo realised Uall's is quoted at 8Jd to Od., Kamaa' ia worth from 8d. to Sjd, and othor b'anda aro moving at 7 H to 8d. Hops.-Tho advance of tho season has boon marked by quito a chango on tbia product. Of late, and chiefly within tbo laBt foitnight, tho moro extensivo buyers havo boon operating very fro.ly in anticipa- tion of the demand likoly to arlso with tho opening spring trata Kcarly 600 bales of Tasmanian havo thus been taken up at la. -id to la 4JJ. for good simples of 1877, and thero is nothing now to bo bad oven of medium quality uuder Is. 51 A moe cb t tho Bales re for red to wo noto the quittance of 100 bales of Shoobrldga'a on private terms. For trado pareóla quotations now rango fix m Is. 0d to Is 8d. and la. Od. Thoro ia very littlo 1870 Tasmanian In the market. Kent hops have paiticipatod in the improvement noted in colonial, and sales of 1876, which at one tims could not ho mado uv**» '?> 0.1 to le. lOd , havo ot lato beon makins: at 2s. Halt is also coming moro into notice, And irourovod , ratea aro now obtained. A shipment of fair quality waa sold a short time ago at Da Od ; einco thon advices of light shipments have been received, and tho I market ia decidedly firm or. Ordinary quail ties are now offering freely at 10s Buta parcel of 4 000 b uah ole, a fine sample, waa taken up at about 10s. l_d-, whllo a line of Walmsley's waa quitted at an advance on evm this. Trade eales are making at 10.. C1, but the demand for such lota ia not yet very brisk, and will 1 ol bo so until tho season regularly com m cn coa. Metala aro quiet, hut aro only characterised by tho dulnetB vihich mica in the markot generally. No special demand either for local use or otherw_so has been experienced, wbilo for ordinary purposes in* quiries have almost beon at a stands, iii. Under these circumstances we havo littlo of In- terest to rcfor to, and quotations, aa a rulo, remain unaltered, though in tho absence of Bales many of theso mubt be looked upon aa morely nominal. Fig iron haa had a quotation of £6 5). for parcels, wht'o .mall lots have been going off at £5 l61 to £0. Galvanised iron is soiling at £26 10a for ordl* nary brands, 23-gauge. Best brands, however, aro ouoted at £20 15s to £27, and sales are making at thcEO quotations Bar and rod iron ib inactivo ; we quote £10 to £11 10s. Sheet iron, assorted, Noa 8 to 38. lins bctn moving nt £11 103, while Nos 20 to 20 command £14 10a. Plato iron is hoivy, and wo havo littlo business to refor to ; wo quote £11 to £13. Hoop iron is offering at £10 10s to £11 10s, without leading to much buiinos3. Fencing wire is only in moderato trado demand; our Improved quotations, howevor, aro supported, Noa 0 7, and 8 fceirg quitted at £13, £13 16a, and £14 15P. to £16. Leal shot is quoted at £12. Sheet is worth £26. Tinplatcs a<*c Baleablo at about 10 per cent advance on invoice for good sal cabio assortment;-. A shipment of 600 cases of coko nnd charcoal waa dis* po.cd of last week. Muntz metal ia worth Od fiwbank's nails havo boen moving at 10 to 124 per cent, on list puce. French nails command 1D_ to 20s American nails aro nominal at 16s. In Amorican hardware, wo continuo to noto buhlnc33 in CollinB* and Ëharpe'a heavy a\oa at 66s and 67s. Ames's Bhoi els have buy ors at 55s. X ay's D II. shovels, 34 n. to 30!n , aro quoted at 45b ; while other makors', samo fiizo, can be bought at 403 fiusinoea in hollo w-tro la doao at 27i per cent til list. Oils generally hovo hid little attontlon. Kerosono, tho attlvlty In which uEuallv keeps,Hfo in tho market, bus not been noticoable for much animation A very good and eatiBtactory trado demand baa beon expe- rienced, but tho larger buj era havo not o pu ra tod _a\ 0 to tho citent of an occasional Uno of 1 000 to 2,000 casca bru g taken up, ard con.idorabla difficulty ho becn experienced bv importers in getting rid of Btock so freely sa could bo wished. Small lota ha?o boon movirgatls 4£A,butforpatcelanotmorothanlB _d. lusbeen realised, and of lato Is BJd. baa had to bo taken to onablo Bales to bo effected. Tho Ambassador, which has been expected for fully a month now, his not yat mado her appcaranco, and somo anxiety la beginning to be cxbibitod in regard to her. (îhis vessol hsa boon heard of lately at tho Cape disabled ) Stocks In bond are, In consequence, much lower tbnn otherwise thoy would have boon-tho quantity now held, la 47,160 casca. Advic-B from Now York to 7th July, roport that 10.CC0 ca_c8 had boon despatched for tho month to lÄtlbnimc, and 4,000 cases to S>dnoy and Brisbane. Tho loadings were expected to bo considorablo for tho following month. Castor oil has been moving fir trade purposes at 4s. Od. duty paid, but tho domand has not been at all heavy. Linseed is saleable at 39. lOd. for drums, and 3s. Gd in bulk. Oo z% is offering at 4s. If'Jd to 5s. in drums, and wo quote is. Gd to 4s. Ed, for this oil in wood. Olivo Is moving at 53 CJL In drnmp, and at 5b. 8d In cask. Chinese is got rid of at 4g Gd Polar is quotod at £42 to £44 The G> vernment propepo remitting the duty on all oils with tbo exception of boroaeno. Theso remlsalons. 1! carried, will not, however, como into forco bofore Januarv. Ollmtn'a Stores havo been very alow, and BAlca of no account wbatover. Little domand haa existed, and neither privately nor 3 ot at auction haa any busi- ness to which the slightest interest can bo said to bo attached been carried through. fjuota tiona oro unaltered. Pickles havo boen moving quietly at Sa. Od. to Ob. Gd. and 12a. Od, for Imported brands, whllo Victorlan-mado red croas brand and two fiags are going off freel> at S3 Bottlod fruits aro disposed of at 12a, for assorted, whllo b!a_k currant rcaliao 13° Victorian lib Jams, rod cross brand, command 0_. Gd. to 03 Gd. Halad oils, in quarte, aro selling at 1S_, to 22s. and 24s. ; pinta re nil EC Gi Gd. to 12a.; and half pinta soil at 5s. Od. to 7e GJ. Castor oil, in pints, brings 81; half pint, sell nt 4% Cd. BauccB range from Ga to 12*. Capers are Bellini, at Ca Cd. to 7s. Colman'a mustard, In 71b. tins, brings 8d ; lib tins aro moving at 103. 8d ; and halves at 6s, Od. Keen's D S.F. ia saleable at 17a. Gd. in pound tins, and at 0_. 3d. In half pounds. White and bino starch ero moving at ¿3d Thumb blue is quitted at 114d. Sago is going off at 2jd Macaroni and vermicelli command lOd. Black poppor is soiling in retail lots at öd., and whlto popper Is qulttod at _4d. to Od. Provi.iona bave bad a steady trade inquiry, but nothing more. Quotations for batter Bhow a decline, but otherwise prices havo remained u nal tor od. Vic- torian cured butter has boen disposed of at recent falee at Od. to lOd. for flue, while aa low as 6d. hal been taken tot Interior. Cheese haa boon I quilted at 6jd. to 7id. for common to medium qualities of Victorian-made, and Sii. to lPJd. hu boon rcalleod for primo. Victorian bacon haa boon disposed of 8jd. to OJd., and Victorian ham haa found buyers at lid. to la. Quicksilver.-A movement waa lnltlatod oarly In tho month, consequent on tho receipt of tolojrrama which advised a rise In tho homo market. Consider- able talia wero then effected, and the price hu Blnco gradually advanced, the quoted ratea now being .2e. 4jdL to 2a. GO., at which, however, there la no (¡rent Inquiry. Bice.-Patna baa, Blnco tho clearance of tho market two months ago by ono bujer, maintained a firm and steady aspect, tho price thon oatabllahod being riadlly obtained, say £17 to £1710a. Up to tho bo ginning of August resalta wero considerable, tully 400 tona having changod banda, since then, how- ever, thcro has boen lesa dono, and about 100 tons moro will covor sales to tho present timo. Dresaod rico haB been moving of! qui»t!y, but only for ordi- nary trado requirements, and sales consequently hive been unimportant. Java dressed has boen going off at £24. Fino Japan dresaod haa realised £22 Rangoon dressed has been moving at £20, and for Saigon drcBEcd wo quoto £10. Silt -Contidorablo doprcstlon has boon notlcoablo In regard to this product, and tbo docllnlng tandenc¿ reported last month haa boen followed, by a dodd ü declino In valuó. Vory llttlo Inquiry haa, howover, been stirred up in conscqucnco, and sales havo boon tnfl ng and of very llttlo account. Coerso Liverpool cannot now bo quoted over 76a to 60a, aoeordlng to quantity, and to got rid of largo Unes ev on Ie9ï mono} would havo to bo tallon. Fine London stoved is also loner ; importera still ask 1005., but ovon modorato parcels cculd scarcely bo disposed of at any- thing ovor 05a. The market, moreover, Is slow, and no particular Inquiry erin bo reported. Slates.-A fair trade demand haa bo on experienced at unaltered rates, but aa far aa wo cm loam no Invoices havo chanced hands. Shlpmonts advised como up to requirements, but tho arrivals during tho month havo consisted chiefly of American, Bay 250,000, which aro now In the course of being lamdod. Quota tiona are in a measure nominal, aa buyers must ope rate apailngly until the remission of duty cirao3 lato force. 21 j. 12 aro valued at £20, 22 x 12 at £18, and 20 x 10 «t £15 IOj. to £10 Amorlcan may bo qujto 1 at 20 per cent lea., but tho price for theso la gonorally a matter cf negotiation. Sugar -For tbo groator part of tho month this etap'o haa been dull 0 ho month oponed with an Improvement, but »fterw.rds and up till the present Wick tho utmost heaviness has provalled, and It has inly teen with tho grtatCBt difficulty that any Bales at bII havo beon mado throughout tho interval re ferred to. This week, however, quite a new phase has been presented, and though no advance In price lue been secured, yet vory mueh increased animation has beon evinced at thopubllo Balea, moro ao than for nv nibs past, Genorally speaking, transac- tions havo been conûnod to supplying ordi- nary wanta; and for company's refined descrlp tiens In particular tho demand has boen of a trifling character. Tho aggrogato of lost month's salts cf thoir refined did not amount to moro than half an averogo month's business, and those of tho present aro not much moro, the quantity disposed of amounting to only 700 tone, and that notwltastandlug tho reduced rates which carno intoforce as tho last mill WBB loaving, viz. £80 to £37 10s. for No. 1 Ano and No 1 Buperior, £35 tor No. 2, and £J310s tor No 3 In Mauritius and other qualities tho following busl ness has been reportod during tho month: - At tbo opening salo of tbo month, hold on Tucsdaj, tbo 7th ult, an adtanco of 15s all round was cBtabllEhcd. Tho Ville du Templo'a cargo of Mauritius waa offered, comprising 7,230 bare, of Bhlch 2,038 bigs nero Bold. Whites roillsod £.M 10s , yollow browing crjB als wero qulttod ot £34 and £34 16a ; fluo jollow countors brought £34 10s. to £34 15« ; good yellow, £.>3 15s. to £34 ; modium coun- ters, £33 6o ; low countors. £32 to £32 5s ; ajd low browrs, £30 816 mats damagod Java woro at the samo timo dlspcsod of at £J1 Pnvntoly Balos of MaurlttuB whites nero montloncd at £36 10s, and of ycllcwsat £33 6s. A parcol of 400 bagB browlngs bought at auction was afterwards resold at an advauce, brewing crystals boiug veiy scarco On Wednesday tho 8tb, a few hundred bigs of brow- ing crv biala wero again sold at £35 1,400 mata of 301I0W Javoa wore taken up on prlvato torms, and 500 bags of Mauritius yillow countotB found buvo-s at 434 10s. to £85 ; SOO bags woro also placed at £33 10a. to £30 10s, tho latter for whlto On Thura day, tho 0th, browing crystals wero Bold at 32s (31 in bond, boing equal to 10s por ton advanco on public sa'tB. On Filaay, tho 10th 700 baja grocery yellows and greys wero quitted at £34 10s to £35 On Tuesday, tbe 14lb, about 1,000 baga wero aold privately, consisting chiefly of vollowa. Browing crystals at samo timo realised £35. Under tbo b&mmor; 1 820 baga Idaurltiua and Java wcrecloarod til at frcm 27s 0J. for rations 31e. Od. to Sis Di for browns, 333. Oi for yellow counters, and 84s, (Id, tor brewing crvBiala ; 400 bags damagod woro quitted at £2915s to £35 On WcdnesJay and Thursday, la'efl of brewlrg crystals continued to bo mado at and about £36, but no special btiBinoss was reported Abcut thla timo tbo Gipsy, from Mauritius, made her appeaianco with a full cargi. On TucEday, the 2lst, about 2,000 haga and mi a Mauritius and Java victo dinposod of at £2010? to £'6 15b for ratlonB, £33 to £33 5s for yollow couotora £33 10p. to £83 16e. for medium countora, £34 to £34 15a for grey crystals. Inferior browing crvatala brought £34 and whlto counters sold at £35. On Wed neEd.J, Hie 22nd, wcroportod privately thequtttnnoo of about 1,300 barrs, comprising rations, yollow ciun tors, grey crystals, and brewings, at prie s rising from £27 to £83 10f , and up to £35 On tho 25th the KHz i beth made bcr appcaranco with dates from Mautltlua to 18th July On Tuosday, tho 28th, an auction salo waa held, at which the various qualitlos offered wero oafsCrl) competed for, and 10 000 bogs woro dis- puted of at very fall rates Tho Olpsy'a cvrgo of Mauritius, amounting to 8,170 bags, was first cleared off, when fine whlto counters brought £30, whlto counters Bold at £81 l63, to £35, grty counters at £33 15'. to £34, medium counters at £32, and low yellows at £31 6s to £31 los. Rations wiro quitted at £20 6«. 1,660 mats Fiji Bugara wore cleared off at prices rlting from £29 15s. for brown to £33 6a and £83 10s tor grainy j oUow crystals. Pri- vately, slnco tho lulc, 1,000 boga bavo boon qulttod at £81 to £3110o. Fino whlto cryBtatB havo also beon placed at £37. On tho 20th an Improved demand waa experienced privately. Batlona and good browna had an inquiry, and sovoral hundred bags wero takonupat £' 7 to ?32. Browing sugars, yellows and whites, wera llkcwleo Inquired for, but tbo prlco demanded chocked burlnc-aa A Uno of 800 bags groya waa paced at £84 10s. On Thursday, tho 20th, the Mmirllloa telegram via Aden to AugnBt 10th waa re- ceived, and the favourable nowa has had the offset of still further firming the markot. Ten.-Ficm Foo-chow our reports date up to July 7. Nearly all the first crop teaa had beon cleared off the market. Tho Becond crop was roportod vory good In leaf, but unfavourable In liquor. Tho Lydia, Anna, Irazu, Gaston Anger, Bong Kong, and Mary Blair had Balled for Melbourne. Prices had been atoady for the finer Boris, but common qualities had gradually declined since tho opening of tho aoason. In our market a steady trado boa been dono. At auction, some heavy salea both of old and new season's congous havo been mado. ex Oreetod Wave, Loulao, Somerset, Normanby, and Killarney, In ali about 11,000 packages, Erices ranging from Ojd. to Is. Old. Common congous avo been chiefly dealt In, medium and fine Boris being Blow of Bale. Prtvatoly Balea roportod aro on a small scale Tho arrivals during tho month have been- Novelty, Normanby, and Brisbane, from nong Kong ; William Mackinnon, from Java. The S.S. Ocean haB arrived In Sydney, and may bo expected hero early next week. Quotations aa follow : Leafy to common, lid. to lljd ; common to good common, Is. to la. ljd. ; good common to fiivoury, la. 2d. to Is. 3d. ; flavour? to medium, la. 3Jd. to Is. 6JcL; medium to uno, la. 6d. to Is 7Jd.; fino to finest, le. Dd. to 2s ; extra choice, 2a. 2d to 2s. 03.; scented orango pekoca-choicest Foo-chow, la Od. to 2a ; common Canton, la to Is. ad ; gunpowder, common lOd. to la ; do., choice, la Gd. to 2e.; caper, commtn, lid. tola; Amoy, nono. Timber.-Thero bas been a steady trade doirg, and moderato parcela have been got rid of at the varloua BaleB hold. On Tuesday, tho 5th ult, at auction, ex Xrato, G A W and W x M brand, 0 x B red deala, realised 6Jd ; ox Magno DDD, brand, lix S do., 6|d. to PJL; ex Express, A x » brand, 11 x 8 do,. Cid. to Od. 7 lOths pjr fool of 8 x 3 ; ox Battle Abbey, St Ooorco and Molpomeno, 1806 S x red deals, damaged, brcught 4Jd. to 5d. 1 lOtbd».; i x Jupiter, 108 0CO 0 x Hd.whlto T and Q ii »ring,12s. 6d to 12s Bd. per 100ft. lineal; ox Collingwood, 210 818ft 4-out weatherboards, 09. GI do ; ox Loch leo, 542 037ft. kauri pino, at for 6 x 3 T and Q 11 mr Ing, 0a Cd per 100ft lineal ; 0 x 1 do , 0s. 0J do ; 0 x lid. do , 11s Gd. do ; dressed shelving, £11 7s Od. to £10 10«. per 1,000ft soper ; O O skirting, 13a per 100ft. lineal ; undressod ehelv log, 24 x 1 to 0 x 1, 17a. 6d. to 20s Od. per ICOft Bupor ; 0 x11, 9 x 2, 9 x 21, plank, 15s. Od tol7e. do ; 2Jln and 4ln. dock p'ank, 20a Or', do ; 2In. and 3in, bruad plank, 23j. O', do ; sawn flitches, 12 x 12 to l8 x l8,16s. Od. do At Vic lorian Railway, 45,842ft redgum 0x3, (3 x 2, 6 x8, Bold at 11s 0d. to 13a DJ. nor 100ft. super. Kx Lech llannoch and Duleep Singh, 445 000ft. flior Irg i,nd lining beards wero quitted at from 6s Cd to 15a per 100ft Hnoal. On tho Sth ccdnr wau Bold publicly at 35s and 849 G1 On Friday, tho 17th, at auction at tho Victorian Ballway Biatlon, 26 764ft red gum timber, 6x4, reallEod 13j. nor 100ft Bupor.; 0x3,14s 8d. to 149. do ; 6 x 2,129. 3d do ; 6x3, 18s Se), do ; 6 x 2, 4 xi 4x3, at Ils Od. do On TuoEdnj, 21st, at Iho Australian Wharf,ox General Butler, 200,000ft Oregon deals eui equvro timber realised £8 103. per 1,000ft soper ; ex Frank MuEtln, 18.019 plckot*, l}(t, brought £G por 1,000; 72,360 sawn latin. 4}ft, LOS do ; ex Jacques Carter and Mater, 43 000 sawu latha, various lengths, 20*. do. On tho 2Un, at tto Auatrallan wharf, ex Cbacma, all fiulti, 2,940 plecea 0x8 spruce deals were Bold al SJd to 3»! per foot liuoal ; 5:0 pleccD 11 x 3 do., at 3d 9 lothfl to 3d 13 lGtha per foot of 0 x S Ex Laura K Burnham from Boston, 2 27t>ft li to 2¡ln- hickory plank, nt £13 7s. Gd.; 29 470ft. Canadian clear pino. 1 to 2Jln , at £11 ; 0,810ft Bin. do, at £0 10a.. Gl,120ft. Michigan clo.r pino, nt £13 to £18 7e. Cd ; 20,U2lt whlto pino T. ond O. ceiling, at £0 16J. to £10; 31,876ft whlto pino shelving, at £10 to £11 ; 20,0001r 4} T. and G whlto pino flooring, at fl« 9i per lOOIt lineal ; 17,000ft 4ln. do , at Gs G1 per IGOft, llr.eal ; 13 013ft whlto pine lath stock, 4ft, 2in. to Gin. wide, at £6 7s GJ. to £12 69. por 1000; 47 COO 4ft spruco laths, at 17s. to 17a 9d.; 2 000 4Jft. do , at 80- ; 14 GS0 Bpruco venetian b lnd strips, at 3Sj rcr 1,000 On TucB'oy, ex Mary L Htot.0, fO.OOO't e'evr pino reallrcd £13 2a 01 to £13 ror l.CCOIt Bupcr; lCSfOOft shelving. £10 17s Od. to £0 69 do ; 82,OC0ft T andG. colling, £8 7a 01. to £9 is. Od ; 67 OOOfi pitch pite, £0 7a Od to £3 7d 0 '. do : <x DucheîB of Edinburgh 3 098 pie es li x a deals bicught Cd. SlOthstoCd 11 lOthaporfootDxS, ox Lady Errrr a, 40 000ft. hardwood, 10a 9d. to 10* 3d pi r 100ft super. Tobacco-7bo markot has this month had to ur dorgo the ordeal of a financial speech, and as con- siderable fears wero tnUrt&lucd; that an excisa duty might bo proposed by the Government, business WBB for Eomo timo considerably afloctod tborebj. In tho tmnEactlons of tho month wo havo fow foi turca of interest to refer to. For colonlil-mado tobacco a good local trado demand haa boon oxpo rienced. and in that respect n ¡air amount of busi- ness has bien doro at prices ranging from 2s til. to Es. id. for flat work according to quality. In fBnc} makes llttlo baa boen done, owing to importers general)} being baro of stock. Norhtia any great hmincss gono through tho auct'on mart. Farcj values havo boon obtained for tobacco of quatttv, though to quit inferior low rates bavo had to bo ac- cepted. The month opened with some activ Ity, and a cor-eldtrabie amount of business was roportod during the first week. Tho Bales, howovor, wero confined to one I rand, Chlldrev'e, of which 1,200 packages alto- gether wero dlspcEcd of. Shipments of Barrott'a hero and to arrlvo wero also token up at vory full rates. BcsalcB of Cameron's Two Beaa wero at tbo samo lime rororlcd to havo beon mauo. On Wed- nesday, the 20th ult, 260 packaged Cblldroy's to baccots woro sold, realising for 10's 7ld. to8d ; pocket pieces, 8d to lljd ; navy a'a. Od.; do 5'a, Od. to 9Jd ; do O'», lid.; nallrcd, Old.; cloth of gold fancy twist, la. Id. tola. lad. per lb.; and fortobaccocawith all faults, from CJu. to 0Jd. per lb Our trado quotations aro-common and medium tona reallao 8d. to la ; good to best, 14d to 18'd.; twist, 16d- to lOd.; fancies and navies rule from le. to la Od. Cigars.-Manilla rcallto COa., BwIeb bavo been adrnncod to 468., Cor« man sud other makis. Bog. to 70s., and sp t> 200b. Havannah, genuine, lera quoted st £12 upwards. Winefl and Spirits.»Still a very quiet markot. Trans- actions fn wines baye boon of a very ordinary charac- ter, eales having be-i strictly confined to meeting trado wanta. Sherries havo boen Belling In such lots at £80 to £06, £38 to £16, £62 to £66, and £S0 to £120, while) ports havo boon disposed of at £'¿4 to £20, £80 to £38, £42 to £66, and ¡£72 to £36. Champagnea have not boen much noticed, and only a vory modo* rato Irado has been reported. Common qualitlos aro in very slow palo at 25s. to 35a. Good lo Ano brands realise) 40a. to 503. and np to 65s., whllo host brands aro saleable at from70_ to 85e. and up to DOS Brandies havo lue! a Mr share of attention, but without loading to much business, owing to tho higher ratos domandod by holden On the ovo of tho last mail's departure oqual to SCOhhds. of Central Vlnoyard wero repur- chased by tho agents of this brand, and tho markot was considerably stayed by tho operation. At a later poiiod of tho month telegrams v,cro rocoived from England »dviîing that Ilennessj'a had risen In that market to tis. od., in consoquonco of tho continued Injury dono to tho vines by phylloxora, but though eome excitement was croited thoreby, no transactions of any conscqucnco wore roportod ; holders, howevor, havo becemo much Armor lu their v ievri;a fow small lots cf IlenncEfy s nero quitted at a Od. to 8s. lOjd., but tho principal talo effected at tho timo was tho quit- tance of a largo parcel of Ghnmpagno Vineyard's, at a Blight concctjaion on tho quoted rato of 7a Cd, Not- withstanding that tho market Is uueottlod, tho follow- ing will bo lound opproxlmato quotations:-Hon hcebj's Is quoted »t b3 01 to 8s lOJd Martoll's Ia held at 0'., but salts havo boen mado at 8j. 7Jd. Dar- li very Ecsrco, Bnd cannot bo got undor Oj tv. lor Denis Mouulos Si Sd. is quotod. Marctt's Is held at S3 1 or Otard's Ss. Is no* wanted, and might ho got. Champaguo Vincvard brings 7s Cd. Bisquit Duboucl e.'s is quoted at 7S to 7s 3d. La Grand Uarquo can ho bought at 7s to 7s 3d. Cloz _u's l8 e fl\rcd at 7s Renault's is Belling B'eadlly at 7s Associated Vineyard Ia worlh 6s. Od. to Of. Od. Central Vino} ard can bo bought at 6s. to 6s. 8d. Fow transactions in coco havo boen recorded ; quotations aro maintained. Ilcniicßsy'a stands at SCs Od to 80s Od Martoll's is worth 28s Oil. Denis J-cunlo's is quoted at 20'. 0J. atatott'B Is worth 27s Omuls has been selling at auction nt 23s to 23s 3d Ronaiilt's is offircd at 21s Other brands aro disposed of at 17s to 234 A declino on rum having caused attention to ho directed to that ppirit ; bujers went in and operated to tho extent of 350 quarters of Lemon Hart's and R. Vf P , at SB. to Se. ljd. for 10 por cent, o p. TradobujorB&ro-ow; molo willing to purchase, hut busliufs I» checkod again by holders now requiring 8s. 8d. For olhor brands we quoto 2s. Od. to 8i Gem ova bus been gi ing iff steadily at 14s Jd. to 15s. for 15 and 20 bottloJDK- One holdor cleared ont his stock of tho ormer at our quotation, -hero Is nothing whatever ti report in other brands. Whisky has boeu moving off quietly, and only for actual requirements Dui villi/», in c»ee, han beon Boiling at 17s Od., and in buik has realised 5>. 6d. Otbor brands nave realised 4s 3d. to 6s.8d.,r_id 6S. 6d. to Cs Oel and 69. Slrß. Eninett's old tom bringa 13s. MELBOURNE MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Mesare. R QoLDSimoüon and Co roport : Wool.-Business transactions since our last circular havo been limltod to a tow Bales, at which about 850 balee wera disposed of, consisting for tho mott part of tho usual miscellaneous descriptions character-tie of tho wind-up of Iho season. Thero appears to bo a very good demand, and all lots of fair quality that aro offered aro readily quitted at sat'sfactory prlcee. Our telegraphic advices of tho progress of tho prosent Ecrlesof London wool tuleaaro.on tho wholo.satisfictory. Ibo sales commenced on tho 14lh ult., under favour able auiplccs, tho number of bales admitted to tho scries being vory little In excess of 800,000, and the attcnoance of buyers, both for home and foreign acccunt, being largo. Our latest tolcgrams datad August 28 advise that 70,000 ba'cs bad boon elispo3«l of up to that, and that ratos were wolf sustained and ruled fully equal io tbo highest of lost so les. Thors appears to be a fair activity in the homo trado; but thore is no doubt that the principal sup- port of tho markot Is derived from tho french de- mand, and any intorforenco with it would thoreforo be likely to exercise a prejudicial effect on tho coursa of pnces. Heneo the effect of the recent changes In tbo Fiench Government, involving, aa thoy do, the possibility of a rovoleitienary outbreak, la watcho-i with considerable anxiety Doubtless the fact, now well-known to tbo trade, that instead of the usual in- crease thero will bo a contidoiable falling off in tho Australian wool crop this season, will not be without its Influence on the market ; and it Is also to be noted tbat tho growing demand tor our Uno wooli for direct shipment to Amorica will ba turtbor fitlmulstod this year by the reduced production in the States, owiug to the terrible effect- of tbo drought in California, where it is calculated that from one-halt to two-thuMii of tho etock have perished from starvation. Our advices from iho country aro of a slighllymore favourable character. Within the past week a nice rain has fallen in some districts. and thore Beon-i a proepect of tho long drought being now broken np bhearing has commenced in Riverina, and we have re- ceived into warehouse our first instalment of the now clip, consisting of 65 bales ; but tho season geae rally will be a lato one, and we do not expeot any heavj deliveries before the end of the montb. The following ehipments have been made at this port for London since our last:-August 8, Kout. s.s , 2 sEO bales ; August 28, Yorkshire, 811 ; total, 8 270 Add previous shipments, 322,018; total, Octobor 1st, 1S76, to date 325.21-8 bales. Priced current remain nominally as follow: Greasy.-Inferior, 6d. to 7d.; ordinary to averago, 7JeI. to 9d ; good to superior, 9Jd. to lid. Fleece, washed. -Inferior, Is. to Is IJd.; ordinary to averago, Ib 21. to Is ii).; average to good. Is. -Hd. to Is. 7d.; superior. Is. Od. to 2s. Scoured -Infoiior, I0J. to Is ; ordi- nary, 1«. to Is. 2d.; middling to good, Is. Bel to Is. Gd ; supeilor, la. 7d. to Is lOd. Sheepskins.-Tho salos held since the dato ol our last circular have been characterised by dulnoss as compared with those of the previous month, the de pression being mest notlceablo in dry skins ; bat at our later Eales prices have shown an upward ten- dency, and there is every prospect of a firm market for Be me time to como. We havo disposed cf a full Bupply of all descriptions at tho following quotations : \- Butchers'green skins, 8< OÍ. to Cs. (k1 each ; cross* breds, from 6s. to 7s 9eL etcb. Dry skins of Inferior and medium quality, Sd. to 1 Jd. per lb ; do., modium 0 superior do., 4J- to 63d. do. Hides.-Ibis market has beon Tory steady during bo month, prices Bcarcelv varying throughout, and hetupply forward was below tho average, in con* Scquorcetf tho rates ruling not being hlsh onough to nduco largo ehipmont- from the other cotonles. For eupcrior lots thero is a good demand at quotitlons, but irferior and modium dcfcrlptlor-i aro rathor difficult to move off. Calfskins also mcot with very littlo inquiry, and to effect sales low prices havo ha- to ho acceptée!. Our quotations are :- average grcon oxhides, 18s. to 20s each ; do. cowhides, 159, to 22-. 6d.; do. Victorian-salted, 8Jd. to 4Jd. per lo.; do. Ne» Zealand, 8Jd. to 4]d. por Ib.; du. call-kins, 4jd. to 6Jd. per lb. Kangaroo-Skins.-Since our last roport this markst has become moio deprcssod, and only fresh, large skins, well flayed, oro saleable at present; the quota* tlons for these range from 8d. to lOd. per lb. With regard to Iho future, we can at prcsont seo no Indi- cation of an improved demand setting in. Tallow -Throughout tho past month our sales havo been well attended, and tho supply being very short, tbe balk has bcoa taken up tor local uso Priesa havo bren very oven, and aro likely to continuo so. Wo quoto :-Mutton, from £84 10s. lo £36 15s por ton ; beef, from £32 10s. to £35 do ; mixed, £30 to £83 do. ; inferior, £26 upwards Our (ales amount to about 400 elsies Tho follow- ing eblpmenls havo been made to London ¡-August 8, Kent, e.B . 25 casks; August 28, Yorkshire, S05 cacks; total. 830 casks. Fn served Meale.-Until within tbo last week or two this iridufctry has been entirely at a standstill Too Meltourne äoat-preservirg Company has resume work on a small scale, but the proposed tax upon steck Imported from other colonies will, it Is feared, have n pre judicial effect on future operations The only c1estanco is :-August 28, Yorkshire, 772 casks. Mea era. Hahtinos CtmrxoiiiH and Co. report: ' Wool -During the past mouth butlneas trausaotlons bave been entirely confined to sales of small parcela from fo'lmongers, and a tew consignments of scoured lots ficm the country. Of these descriptions about 400 baleB have changed hands at full markot values Nume- rous telegrams have been recoived from London, advising the oponlng of August sorfos of sales, on 14th Inst, at quotations cqaal to closing price} of June I erics The tenor of succeeding tolcgrama reporting upon progresa of tho sales, aro consldorcd satisfactory by tho trado hero. Tbo first consignments of tho now clip have arrived in town, hut, genorally spealein?, fihearlrg ororations in Kivorina have been commonc k1 later tlian laBt year, and consequently at promut datti the quantity of wool forward 1b lea», and tho season will not open quito so early as usual. Wo rc2rct 10 r-dvlBe, in rCBpcct to paßtoral pursuits, that tho weailn r contirues unfavourable ; an abundnnt fill of rain is ererttly reeded to insure sufficient faed and wa'cr for the summer. We havo had but little doQnlto intotll genoe as regarda lambing, but in many district« there ib now no douht that onlv a Blight IncroMo, K any, will bo obtained, and the general result will ho c neldcrablv below tho averago ot past j cars Tho following aro tho month's e'earances of wool ships for London, alz '-Kent, 2,459 hales, e'eared 8lh AuctiBt; YoiksMre, 811 balea, cleared 27th Augu-t 8 270 bales. Kxports of provloua mouths, 313,911 balea; exporte to America, 7,801 balee-total exports f re m ltt October. 1S70, to dato 375 072 hales. Corri* apordlng perioda 1675-70, 805 034 baloa; 1874 75. 200,778 bald ; 1S73 74 202,125 bales : 1S72 73,223,315 holes; 1671 72 216,402 bnlca; 1870 71, 219 824 halo?; 1E00 70, 207,801 bales : 1S03 09, 220.583baloa ; 1867*08, 2Ü4.Í02 -teles ; 1800-07, 169,148 balos. AmongBt tho chipa on tho beith for Londcn awaiting tho clip of tho new eer-eon, the following will havo early despatch : Shannon, 3 600 bales; Whampoa, 1,000hales; LusI tania, 1,(00 bales; Somersetshire, 2 000. Freights for sailing ships aro obtaloablo at a halfponny for greasy and flvo-elgbths of a penny for washol. fhecptkins- Iho rales hold at our stores havo b on well a'teneled by buyors, and wo havo Bold tv full Bupplv at an improvement in prices upon tho rates rullrg last month. Wo have sold butchers' grooo skirls?. Od. to Cs. each; extra largo, up to7s. 01. each ; di; end station Ekins, from 4d. to CJd per lb. JJIdco.-'lhere has not been much demand during tho montb, except for best lots, and prices do not show any advance upon our last quotations. Green ox h'dts brrught from 178 Od. to 30s. each; cowhide», 12s. lo 25« inch; Ealtcd Victorian, from 3d to 8jd. per lb,, and up to4Jd per lb. for superior conditioned purcclB ; Kew Zealand hides, from 4d. to 4)d per lb Tallow -This maikctehows \erylittlo alteration since our last report Tho quantity otTorod has bson taken 1 y the trado for local requirements, at firm prices, viz.*-Mutton, £S5 to £80 10s por ton ; beef, £32 to £."4 ; mixed, £27 to £33 per ton Shipments this month amount to 330 ca-kB only. Kangaroo Sairs.-Wo havo had somo difficulty to disposo of ordinary mixed FklnB. and quotations may boglvon al from 7d to Od. per lb. Largo Bl/ca in good ordor Bold at from Sd. to 12d per lb., according to conditiou. Leather -Eo_10 irregularity in prices haa been Iho ruling feature of tho market for this produce during tbo month, hut wohavo quitted a full Bupply at last quotallora: crop fetching from Od. tolOJd. per lb; lorne», 32d to 14d. por lb ; kip, 16d. to 2ld per lb ; calf. 2s Od to 8s per lb ; waxod bangaroo, 18d. to 2a 3d. per lb Tho export« tor tho month aro 183 balta leather. Bark -Wo rorott tho Balos ot a large quantity of all do crlptlonB at tho following price3 . Bundled, £6 to £6 5a r"r ton ; choppol, up to £0 per ton ; ground, from £7 to £7 IO3 por ton, haga charged for, and £8 pcrton f.o.b. Shipments for above named vcesoIs aro 3 008 hags." Mcstre. J. II. Cloloii and Co. roport :-W00L-Wo havo very littlo to report Bo far as sales aro concomod in this market, which havo been confined to odd lo- ot greasy, handwashed, and scoured, and during tho month amount to about 400 bales, which Bold at full rater, the telegraphic advices of the London Balea ro- pón Ing tbem as progressing satisfactorily, having im- parted a firmer tono hore. Shearing operations aro now going on upon several stations, aud tho new clip hal commenced to arrive In town, we having recoived our first Instalment from the Bwan-hlll district). It le, howevor, early yet toglvo any report as to tho character ard grout li of tho coning clio, there not being a sufficient quaritlty to hand to form any rollar?o orlnlon thereon The drought In many parts etlll continues and tho Ioflloa ot stock thereby aro very great and there can now bo no doubt that tbe clip will fall far Bbort of that of last soaaon In quantity Quotations hero remain nominally tho aamo aa last month viz. -Greasy-Inferior 6d.to7d., ordinary, 8d to Od , good to superior, lOd, to Is Scoured-Interior and bIIpo, 8d to lid ordl nary to medium, la Id. to la Od , good to superior le. 7d to la. lOd. Fleece- Nono oCforing Tbo following vobboIs bavo clearud Blnco our last, viz - Kent, willi 2 4u0 balea, Yorkshire with 811 bilol Total shlpmci ts, 8 370 bales add provious Bhlpniont«, October lt"6, to dvt« 3"0 870 balta-total shipments todito 824 240 bol a. Ai d tbo following voBsola aro kadli g, and will probably Uko -Tho Whampoa, 1 600 bales, S mereelBlilre, " 000 bales Lusitania 1 000 balcB Bbaui on 3 100 bale.» Total 8 000 balei Stations -Wo I avo during the month bad a consider ablo amount of inquiry, ti oro being ft good supply of capital o0crlng for Invoetmont In good properties several of which have cbanç,od hands during the month SB follows viz -Tho Priory Block Station, la tho Lachlan district, tho Nonfccrlbono Station, in tbe Wellington district tho Kotroo, Dui loo Marathon Eatt Station, In tho Warrego district tho Comongin Stall n, in the Warrego district, tho Wan,am Station tho Monolon Peak Downs Station, In tho Albort dis- trict tho Caulpaulln Station, In tho Albert district, all of witch realised satisfactory prlcco Also tho Kel s rgton Downs Btatlon, In tho Mitchell district, for £15 000 tho Cungabulla Station, in the Gregory toulh dlBtrlct fo- £4 000, tho Mount Marlow l-tation, In tho Barcoo district, for £¿4 000 Sb cpskina-During tho month tho market his shown Eovoial ndctuatiousfn prices Wo havo had a largo Etpply Wiard at our sales, and present quotations aro-for cttcbeni green skins 4s Od to 7s 01 Iry >Mns 2* Bri to Bs each and station aklns, In bales 4d to 7d per lb. Tho shipments havo been 8° bales only III lea -Tho market continuos much In tho samo Btato as last month, any diflcronco being In favour of buyers Wo havo bad a full supply forward, and tho following «ro present quotatloi s viz. - Creen ox, r0a to J59 each cow, 3d to SH nor 1 » Meto Un sallod 8d to 4d , kip 4d to 4id Now 7ca!and Id to 4Jd and calfskins 4jd to 5d per la lal iw -Tbo market is only baroly supplied, and tho I ulk olferingla takiu up by the local trado During tbo rroiAhwo havuB Id a moderato supply, and proaont quotations arc-for inferior £27 to £20, mlxod, £30 to £J5. beor, £31 to £34, and mutton £80 to £87 Ka 'per ton The shipments bavo boen 830 casks Leather -We havo during the month bold our regular sales, which havo been woll attended throughout, and have dlsposru ot a largo Bupply of all descriptions, the following being pieeent prices, viz. -Crop, OJd. to Hid , kip, IB1 to 21d., runners, la. Od to 2a 2d , calf 5f 3d to 8a, waxed kangaroo, la Od to 21 2d brown kangaroo, la 6eL to la lOd , wallaby, 2l 3d to 8«, and harncts, 18d to lid per lb , and biella, 4» to 16a per doten, according to size and quality The ship- ments have been US bales crop and 127 bales basils. Kangaroo Skins.-We bavo disposed of an average Eupply during the month at, for email, 7d. to 8d, medium Sd to 10d,, large skins, lid tol2d per lb Bark.-There la a good demand for Victorian, and we have disposed of a large supply aa follows - Bnndlod £5 to £6 6s., chopped, £6 to £010a, and ground, £7 to £710s per ten Baga charged 7d each. The ship- ments have been 8 008 bigs. ' Mr Moncktoh Bihkot reports - " Wool - Buslnoss In thla line during the past month has been unlmpor tant, owing to the parcela to hand being eo few, but filers throughout bavo been well sustained, and com petition la keen. AdvlctB from the B verlna dlatrlcta attll continue to bo discouraging, the little rain that has fallen being too late to remody tbo ill effects of the recent drought Already wo have to notlco tho dlaas trous effects on the wool frcm theso districts, noarly all parcels wblch havo como to band being pulled from dead sheep We may expect an early wool season, and already I havo several consignments of thenew clip, willi others advised to follow shortly Finomorino wools will naturally be diminished in quantity and deteriorated lu quality for somo timo to come, so thora ia every proapect of high ratea bolng catabliBbed for good parcela. To|t(,raph!o communicstlon from home concernir g the presont oerlea of bama aalea con tlnnetobe very eucouraglng, 'tho oponing competí Urn being well sustain«) and prie« Improving aa toe eales progresa. A telegram on 23rd August stat»s 'pileta are as high as at any per od of last aeries, and arother on the 25lh advises that 'prices are well sustained ' The past two aeries of home sales show a Blight rico In prices, but all salea closed firm and (liou)d the present continental struggle havo a peace- ful tciminatlon, aa fax as France and Germany aro concerned, tbero ia no doubt that good rntoi will be tatabllated for fine dips Tbe ship- ments of wool from bore thla month aro fully up to tho avcrsgo, and compare favourably with all prevloue clearances at this season of tbo je.r -Kent August Sth 2 469 bales, Yorkshire, August 27 lb, 811 bales, previous shipments 82Í.01Bbales, total 1st October 1876 to date S'5 ¿83 bales. Pries curront aro nominally as follow -Greasy- Inferior, 7d to Sd , average to good Od to 104, superior, lid. to Is Id Fleece, Washed-Average to good, Is 4d to Is 7d , good to superior, la 9d to 29. Scoured-In ferlor, lOd to la, ordinary to good, la Id. to Is 0J , good to superior, la. 6U. to la. lOd. 8bcepskinB.-I have disposed of an unusually largo anpply during the past month at ralos In oxcess of auy obtained tbla season, buj era operating vigorously, a healthy tono being imparted to tbo market through tho assuring aqviceB from the homo trade I quote butchers green aklns from 8a to Gs. each ; elation skins, ordinary quality, 8}d to 4JO. per lb ,and super quality full growth up to GJd por lb Hides -There is no improvement to note In this markot, but prices remain firm and as tho Bupply la al wly decroaalng wo may shortly oxpect full rates. I quote ox hides 141 to 22« each, Victorian salted, 3d to 41 per lb , o jw hides, 18a toï7aeach and New Zealand id to 51 per lb Kangaroo Skins -Tbodemand for theso boa not in creased, and they are extremely difficult to quit Good large Bklns, if woll furred, real is« np to lOd. por lb. A good demand exists for goat Bklns, and largo skina of good quality reallso 20s. per dozen. Tallow - There la a healthy tone In thla market, and prlo-s remain firm, all parcels forward belog eagorlv com petcd for by local consumera and shippers I qaoto mutton £83 to £86 Wa beef, £32 to £84 ; and in ferlor, £28 to £81 per ton Tho numbor of casks shipped aro as follón -August 7 per B. il S China 20casks, August8 per Kent, 26do , August27, per Yorkshire, 805 do., total, 860 do ' REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHIRE MARKET. The mlolngmarkot has continuedfalrlyactivoduring the piBt four wooka, and tho business done has boon spread ovor a greater number of companies than during tbo preceding month, but there haa been loss activity tbo last day or two, and somo retrogression In values The Black Horse United, Egerton, has again had by far the largest amount ot business but the yields having fallen off, prices have also glvon way, and closing quotations are below those ol lost month'? A Becond dividend, Ga. per share, has boon paid, but the next 1b not expected to exceed 89 Egerton Company's shares have only had amoderate ex tent of butinées, owing to reduced yields, and closo at lower prices Tho shaft ia being farther sunk, and large > Jelda aro not anticipated till tho roet Is got below A fair extent of business haa been done In the Stawell companies Prince Patrick have had a very irregular, but on the whole falling market, and clcae at a reduction of one third of last month s quotation The Newington, on Ihe contrary, his been in inercaeed favour, and Krices have advanced considerably West Gormanl* ave had some attention and Bhould tbe kiln of quartz now bclrg prepared turn out as expected, shares will rise in va uo Magdala have bad llttlo attontlon, and prices without much change. Prince Alfred havo had busItcsH at considerable advance In market rates North Croea Reef have had a splendid y leid and paid the lsrge d vldend ot 80s per Bhare but havo no ro po ted aalea during the month Ballarat companies also without much business. Band and Albion un oh&nged; City of Ballarat have recoded a little Now Kohinoor oro firm Creswick companies have had moderate support De Munka and Dyko a Freohold bavlngmcat attention but ti oro ate not many holdora in thla market kow North Chinea havo had a limited bnMneea at ratber under opening prico Now Lothalr h.vo continued In request, and nudo a further advance in value. Csatlenalno, Maldon and Maryborough companica without reportad husi neiB Tho Count Bismarck continues to yield well Walhalla cempanlcs hive had few transantl na Lon? Tonnel are firm Walhalla obtalnab 0 at rorluoea prico. Long Tunnel F.iendcd quiet at previous ratos For Sandhurst companies lhere has been a m ich better lnqu'rv than for some timo past but tho hu 1 ness effected baa not been large holders generally showing no inclination to accopt tho low pricca offorcd In scmo few casca ho \ ever, and mostly jo low priced stocks the advanced ra.es obtainable have indi cod business to a fair extent Tho finding of golden Btono In tho G cit Northern at the north end f ti e J hi ton s Uno not only raise 1 tho vatuo of this claim but caused a demand for several of tho com mnles on samo Uno south. 8harra In tho Qr it Nortrern wh ch had only a 6hort whilo beforo boen forfeited rather than pay calls rose considerably and though thoy havo not maintained tho c\ tremo ria oro Billi worth 10 or 12 tlmca more than tho amount for which they wero forfeited Golden Ago CorBtcllatlon aid Johnson a wore placed at improved rates. Eureka ExtondoJ Golden Stream and Odd C1 um Tributes liavo had a gocd business at advanced priccB Catherlno United bavo also Improved this company la getting bettor vields and haa now a good Bum to credit There has been inquiry without leading to much business for Londonderry Shenandoah North Shenandoah Unity and Pioneer Companica Garden O lily United improved a llttlo but have receded ai,ain For de- bentures banka and companica other than mining thcro baa been a moderately good demand , prlcos generally have been nell maintained, and In Bovoral ciECBadvanced ratea established Victorian Govern trent debentures havo been taken to a good oxtont 8t an advanco on last months quotations Bank shsriBbave 1 od a very firm market gonorally, and 'or r-ntlonal and Cllv of M elbourno higher prices havo been paid. Gaa chares havo had vory little business owing to tboicarclty of Bellera. Thotbrccmotropolltancorapiuies hLVo io» tgreed to amalgamate as from tho 1st Jo 1 uary 1678, tbo company to bo called tho Uotropolltan Gas Ccmpany and to cona'st of 111 000 shares of £5 each with power to increaso tho capital to £1 000 000 Application Is to ho made to the Lcglalaturo during the present EEEBlon for an act of incorporation In suranco chares havo not had many transactions Notional continuo to Improvo In valuo Southern aro rather cssler Australian Alliance not offered. Aus IralBBlan Coal Companj bavo bad n moderato extcntol business1, but at rather reduced price» Holbourne and Hobson s Bay Ballway shares would bo taken at prico ex dividend which fully eupportB provious quo tallon Deniliquin and Moama Ba Iway ebareB would find buycia at furl! cr advanco, hut thcro aro none offering Tbo mining dividends for tbo four wooka amount to £61 093 aa particularised below Debcnturea-A letona Government Blx per conta havo bad improved inquiry during the past month Bonds duo 1886 changed hands to a good oxtont at JC1CG 103 to £100 16ft, and wanted at £100 53., 1883 e paced at £1(5, do fivo per cents, were pac d at £100, and b.d bu>tr at eatne, seller £101 Feur per cent Inscribed Stock woro in tho market at £03 10s Molbourno Corporation Bli Ter cents c1 anged hands at £1026. ,and ladbuvor at £102 1867 s had seller at £1(0 with bujor at £104 10a. Queensland four por ccntn in Iho markot at £Jj, and had buj or at £03 Banks -Australia ind European had a firm marl ct, and changed hands at ülB 6d , closing noller 52s GI, lijcr5lB Ballam Ir quired for at £7 so'Ior £7 5J New I'suo would find 1 uyer at £3 101 Colonial havo been in Bteady favour and placed to a fair extent at £8 0; 6d to £8 2j closing at £8 la bul er, £8 Is 8d seller Commercial bavo bad improved demand during the month shares c1 aiginj, 1 ands at £5 2s to £5 3s 6d. closing at £5 39 boyer £r 33. Gd Boiler Cltj of Melbourne continuo In fair request, and bavo boon B0)dat65B Gd to 66a., closing Boiler 60s Gd., buyer 55a. Land Hortgage changed handB to a email extent at 40ft, and have seller atsame London Chartered wero en the market at £S710s. National, Melbourne regis- ter have been in strong demand during tho month at rising rates ; thaïes placed at £3 Za U) £9 Ga., and I w.nted at cloio at £8 4a, shares not offered; ' o , Adelaide register, would And buyer at £8 Is Queensland National oblainablo at £0 2s. Od. New South Walca changed banda at £62 7s. Od , and closod sellcr £62 10a. New Koaland wore lu the market at £22 Ka Oriontal nominal at £45 seller. Union would havo found buyer at £61, and had Boiler at £03. Victoria changed banda to a small oxtent at £49 ex div., and closod with seller at £10 10a. land Credit Bank were oflerod at 10s. Gd. Gas.-Bendigo havo seller at £0 8s. Collingwood havo a firm markot, with buyorfl at £8 16s.; no declared seller Molbourno placod at advanced rate of £0 te to £0 Ol South Molbourno havo had a moderato extent of huslnoea at 193 Gd. ex div., clottng with eeillor at 193. Od. Miscellaneous -Australian Alliance Assuranco would find buvcrs at 61? ; Bharos not offorod National Insurance coutlnuo in request, and havo been sold at advanced rates of 10s Sd. to 10!. 0J , cloBing with hue, cr at 10s Oi. Southern quitted to a small extent at 10s Od. ox div , and cloBod with Boiler »tim, bu) cr 1.0a. Sd. M. and II B United Hallway had a firm market, and vvantod at £74 ex div., seller £77 103. Deniliquin and Moama Railway havo boon afiktd for at £7 ; Bellera' quotations too wldo for busl ncEP. Molbourno Omnium in tho markot at 63s, and havo buyer at Gls Melbourne Woollen Hüls w ju'i! havofonndhuveratOOs. AustralauiaCoal,paid up.had a moderato oxtent of business at Ile, OJ to Ila., and offered at lis. Gd ; contributing liad Balos at 7s 3d. to 7s. Gd, and havo Boiler at 8i Od, call paid. Nov. castloloal changed hands at .C3, and lut o Bellera at £810s , buyer £7 10s. Mines-Ballarat aud Other Districts-Argus United havo sellers at 2a Gd. Black llorso Uultod havo hal a largo extent of business duiing tho past montb, bat at aery irregular lates, cloBlig at a reduction on opening prlco. Salis ranged from 80a. up to 03s., ro ccdlcg to 60b , rising sgalu to 70', but easing attar wards to G4s 0d,, and closing at 05s. buyer, 00a. Boiler ; dividend for month, 6a. Band and Albion Consols were quitted at 17a to 103., and offorod at latter. Citv 11 Ballarat chan^od hands at £017«. Od to £7, and offered at laltor rato, buyor £6 15s. Clune« ConBols bad Bales at 8], and close nominal at 5s. boyer. Cameron's Freehold doalt in at 08s. to 70a ; month's dlvldoudp, 17i pur share. Dyke's Freeh dd <ralt in at 16s Gd to 10s G1, and wanted at 15s Od., feller 16b GJ ; If paid in dividends during montb. De Murella had sales at 20- to 28) 01, and wanted -t 27s Od. Bol!cr28s Od. Eureka Consols quitted at 8). 8d and 3s. Gd. Egorte>n bavo beon placod to a good ex tcm, but at Irregular prices ; opening at 633. Od., thoy declined to 49], but subsequently ieuprovod to 639. Od., finally closing in good favour, with buyer at 523., seller 53s. ; month's dividend Is. Gipps Lind Consols bad sales at 2s. 8d. to 2s. Od., and ofTdrol nt latter ; dividend of 3d. paid. Hand and Band nominal at 2s Od. buyer, 4s Od. seller Long Tunnol hold for £181 ; dividend for month, £2 10s. Long Tunnol Extouded bato changed bands at 07s. fld , »nd wanted at 65s. Magdala have had only n limited busino.-s at 129 61. to 14s 6d , closing at 14s seller, 12«. Cd. buyer. Now Lothalr bave had n good extent of business during tho month at rising rates ; tales rangod from 81s. up to 45s., easing to 40a., but Improving again to 42s, and closing with buyer at 42s. Newington have been in good request throughout tho month at Improving rates. Paid up placod from 61s to 78d. and closed at 725. seller, 68s. buyer. Contributing changod hands at 62s. lo 64s., and wanted at 023., Boiler 04s. Kew City of Ballarat offorod at 24 Od , buyer Is. od. Now Koli I-oor would be taken at 3s, seller 8s. ad. Now Grand Junction nominal at 2s. 0J. seller. Now North Glunos have been qufot and quitted at £14 to £1310s,clcilngat£1316s sellor,£136f. buyer; divi- dend for month 10s North Gross Reef changed hands at £44, and bave Boiler at sime; month's dividend£1 10a. North Sultan had sales at 8s 8d. to 7s., a.d offered at 6s Od. Prince Alfred have maie a large advance during the montb, snares changing bands at from 7e Od to 10>., cloBing at 16s. Boiler, 14s. buyer. Far.ei's United quilted at 8s, and bavo sellers at Si. Od, buyer 2a. Od. Prince Patrick have again lluctuaud heavily, falling from 958 to 60s, rising to 78i, but »gain receding to 0)3., and closing with Boiler at 62a. Od., buyer 67* Eultan, Blackwood, would find buyer at £6 12s 01. Sultana sold to a limited extent at 2s. 8outb Lear- month wore sold at la. 4d. to Is. 01, and closed buyor la. 3d. South Clunes wore sold at 973. O I. West, Germania bavo been sold at 21 Od to 8». Oil., and cIobo with sellor at 8s Walhalla in tho mar- ket at reduced rato of £80 ; dividend of £1 paid. Sand- hurst.-Acadia Catherine had seller at 23 Gd Catharine United had a firm market, and placod at 7a 1 _d., closing In request with buyor at 8a ; shares scareo. Carlisle and North Garden Gully would fiad buvor at 10s. Constellation had buyer at 1;. lid., but quiet afterwards, and offered at same Duchess of Edinburgh Bold early at lOd. to Is., but slnco improving, and wanted at Is. ad, Boiler Is. 8d. KllCBmore No. 1 chang d hands at Is. to Is Id , and closed at Is. 2d. buyer. Is Od. seller. Euroka Extended Company were offered at S j, but Improved afterwards, and wanted up to 4s. 3d, closing, however, with teller at 4s Eureka Kxtended Tribute baye had Baloo at Ib. 4d to 2s. Id., and closed with sellor at la. Sd; dividend of 8d. paid. Garden Gully United bad only a limited business at 63a. Od. to 07s., and closed quiet about 05s seller, 62s. buyer; month's dividends, 23 Garden Gully Freehold were sold at IB. to Is 3d , and closed nominal at Is. ed. seller. Golden Age dealt in at Is. 6d. to IB. Od, closing seller Is. 7J. Golden Stream Tributo bad a good extent of business from GA up to Is. 4d., closing at Is. seller, lOd boyer. Great Extended Hustlor. nominal at l63 seller. Great Extended Hustler's Tribute bad some littlo demand, and sjld from 3s to 4s , but havo fallon dull again, and closo quito nominal. Extendod Bustler's Freehold alBO had improved demand, with sales at 2s. to 8s. 2d , closing dull, however, at as. seller. Johnson's Keel had rather better inquiry, and dealt In at I Sa. to 20s. Gd., cloBing with seller at 2ls.; month's dividend, Gd. Lazarus nominal at 4s. buyer.; dividend of Ed. paid. Londonderry improved In tho early part oi the month from £17 to £19 5s., but have receded again to seller at £10, buyer £16103. New Chum and Victoria would find buyor at 6s Bd., ana bave seller at Of. New Chum United have change hands at 4s and 4s 8eL, and closo at 43 3d. seller, 8s 3d. buyer. New Chum and [Bellevue Ballway Besirve nominal at 8s. Gd. seller. North Shenandoah had sales at 2s. 4_d. to 2s 7d., and cleraod at _? 8d. seller, 2s. Gd. buyer. Old Chum placed at ta Od. to 5s., and bavo Boiler at 5s. Od. Odd Obum Tributo had a good extent of bus nets at Is 2d. to Is. 811, aud closed at l8. 6d seller ; 71 paid in dividends. Koch's Pioneer obtainable at 183., and would find buyer at l63. G1 Princess Allco were asked for, but Bharcs not efferod in this market. Princess Dagmar wero Inquired for, and would havo found buyciB up to Is 8d.. but quiet ag-eln, and ob- tainable at ls-Od. Snob's-hill quitted toa limited extont at Is. 4eL, and closod quilo nominal ; dividend of O', paid. Shenandoah had fair Inquiry, and sold at 5a. Od. to 6s, dosing quiet, however, with seller at same. South Ulster had buyera at 2s G1., and Ulster at >*, Sd., but dull »gain at (.lose. Unity firmer, and would find buyer at Ga , seller 03. Gd. The mining dividends declared during the four weeks ending September! amount to £51.093 16a 61, of which £42 093 10°. Gd are from quart? and £3,700 from alluvial companies. The dividends in dotall aro aa follow:-For week ending August U-Band of Hopo, Stawell, Sd. per lOCOOtb, £126; Kingston park, Creswick, 2s. Gd per 4 000th, £609 ; Victory, eandhuut, G1 per S0,09Uth. £762 8s.; North Old Chum, Sandhurst, Od per 27,000ih, £075; Victoria Beet Gold Mines, Sandhurst, Gd. per 20,274th, £506 17s. ; Littlo Chum, Sandhurst, £5 por l.COO shares, £126 ; Johtson'a Beef Gold Mines, Sandhurst, Gd. per 26,374th, £059 17s. ; Ironbark, Sandhurst, Is. per 9,0001b, £450; Long Tunnel, Stringers Creek, £2 103. per 2,400th, £6,000 ; Walhalla, Btrlnger's Creek, 20s. per 600th, £000; Cameron's, Creswick, 7s. per 0,000th, £2,100 ; Victoria Tribute, Ballarat, £6 per 401b, £2(0 ; North Oro» Beef, Stawell, £110s. por lO.OCOtb. £16,000 ; Count Bismarck, Maryborough, 2s. per O.OOOttj, £900. For weekending Augustl8:-CentralOatherlne^ndburBt, £400 ; Odd Chum Tribute, Sandhurst, 4d. pcr21,000th, £400 ; Pandora, Sandhurst, Gd. per 28,000th, £700 ; Black Horse United, Egerton Ga. per 10 000th, £3,000 ; Parado, Haddon, Is per 4,000t'', £200 ; NowDlmock's, Ballarat, £1 per 48th, £48. For week ending August 25 :-Costerfield Gold and Antimony, Heathcote, 69. per 2,000tb, £600 ; Garden Gully United, Sandhurst Is per 33,517tb, £1,67617» ; South Victoria Amilgal mated, Sandhurst, Gd. per27,00ûth, £075; Lazarus Eandhurtt, Od. per 45,000th, £1,125 ; Ro-o of Dei mark, Bandhurtt, ed. per 24,000tb, £000; Euroka Et terded Tributo, Sandhurst, 8d. per 24,OO0th, £300 Cameron's. Creswick, 10s. per 0,000th, £3000; Vlo trrla United Tributo, Ballarat, £7 per 40th, £280; Gipps Land Consols, Walhalla, 3d. per 20,830th, £200 7s. Gd.; Count Bismarck, Maryborough, 2a. pe.ro 000th, £000. For week ending Soptombor 1-Egerton, Eger- ton, Is. per 26.0001h, £1 260 ; Snob's hill, Sandhurst, Gd per 24.000th, £000; Central Catherine, Sandhurat. _eOO; Odd Chum Tribute, Sandhurat, 3d por24,O00.h, £800 ; Do Mnrska, Creswick, It. por 8 000th, £100 : New Victoria. Ballorat, 2s per 1,200'li, £H0; Receooures, Haddon, Is. per 0 000th, £309 ; Moroy Freehold, Haddon, la. per 8 000th, £160; Clunes Quartz, Clunes, 6b per 2,0uutti, £j00; Parado, Haddon, la. per 4,C00th, £200; Nc*v Dimock'a, Bal larat, £1 per 48tb, £18; Dyko'a Freehold, Creswick, Gd. per l8 000th, £460 ; Now North Clunes, Cluncs.lO por 2 050th, £1,028 ; Queen's Birthday, Dunollj, 63 per G,000th, £1,600; South Clunes, Clunes, 6s. por 4,000th, £1 COO The dletilcts from which tho abovo mining dividends wero derived rank as follow in order of amount dis- tributed, viz., Stnwoll, £16,126; Sandhurst, £11,091; Btrlngor'a Creek, £0 SOO ; Crcawlci, £0.160 : Egorton, £4,260; Cluno», £2,628; Maryborough, £1800; Dunolly, £1,6C0 ; Sroj thesdalo, £850, Ballarat, £780 ; Heathcote, £509. Tho total mining dividends for tho varloul mall rerloda Blnco January 1 stand thus:-Thrco vvo"k» ending January 20, £16,600; four wooka ending Feb- ruary 17, £20,045; four wooka ending March 17, £20.335; fourweeka ending April 14, £24,218; four weeks ending May 12, £35,741; four wooka ending Juno 0, £.13,070 ; four wocks ending July 7, £33,021; four weeks ending August 4, £29,574 ; four wooka or i* Ing September 1, £51,694 ; making a groes total tor the year to dato of £274,870 reported by public companios, to which a coneldcrablo further Gum would require to he added for pria ato companies and frr public com- panies not reported. MELBOURNE MARKETS. Satdbda?, Slit. 1, THE MILLS. ButincES has boen duller, HpoESiblo, since our lost report, and prices aro very weak. Thero Ia no disposi- tion evinced to effect traniactions in cithor whoat or flour at present ratcB, beyond supplying the barest trado ncccttliie-e, Quntatioua aro ¡-Flour, £16 63 to £15 Kb. ; pollard, Is. 4d, to la Dd.; blau, 10.41 ; oat- meal, £S* ; pearl barley, £2210s. RETA1L MARKETS. Bnttcrand eggs aro freely supplied, and prices have given way, ard closo dull. Butchers' meat is also easier In tone this week, as prices in tho live steck market wero not maintainod at last weok's Gtanelard cn Wednesday. The following aro tbo current rates:-Beef, 3d, to 8d. per lb.: pork, Sd. to Sd. do.; mutton, 2d. to 6d do. Poultry. -Fowls, 4s. to Cr. per pair ; ducks, 5a to Ga. Gd. do ; pccEO, Es to 10a. do. ; turkoyB, 12s to 23s. do Dolrj Produco- OheoBO, 8d. tolfl. 2d. por lb.; eggs lid. to IB 4d. per dozen ; butter. Is. to Is. 4d. per lb ; bread, Sd. per 41b. loaf ; honey, 6d. to Bel- per Ib.: milk, 4d. to tul. per quart ; hams, Is. Id. IO Is. Bd, per lb,; bacon, lud.to Is. do. HAY MARKET. Mcebto. Bltler and Moss report:-"Silos len p.oved towards tho end oí tho wook, and eltnough tho market was not cleared, tho remainder was lees than any during tho montb. Tho ellieht rainfall will to eervkeablo to the early crops, but much moro io required to bo gonorally benoilcial. Wes>ld feed bay at £410a. to £5 6s ; chaff, £4 to £t 159.; ¡straw, £2 15a. to £8 6s." Messrs Feston and Mariham, roport :-" Thora Ib lltt'o or no chango to roport, tho supply being In excess of tho prosont domand, and unless r&rmors; aro disposed to give way in tho prices thoy will bo super ceeicd by the up-country farmers, who, having no olber market lo dlsposo ot their produco but Melbourne, aro gradually but certainly mt king a n.arkot by underselling our local producers. Feed hay, £416s. to £6 6s.; chaff, £4 to SA 168.; old hay, £3 to £410s.; straw, £2 15s. to £3." EASTERN MARKET. I Thero was but it poor supply ol vegetable« brought [ to market this morning, and any description ol m. dlum to good quality brought high price«. In (rur; Ibero waa nothing worthy of note. In dairv nm,i7, . butter was dnll of Bale, and down In price" Vg. ¿,¡5 also lower. Poultry waa short supplied. Tho rollo» Ingwcro the ruling rates :-Ve»oublcs.-AsriaraanV 2s. to 4a. per 100; boot, Od. to Od. per dorLr.! bonqoets. 8a. to 8a. do. ; cabbage«, jj. io 4s. do¡ carrots, Gd. to Od. per dozen bunches ; cauliflower»«' la to 6b. per dozen ; celery, 2a to 4s. do.- créât water, 4d- to Gd. por dozen bunchoa ; garlic 8d. to dd. per lb. ; horseradish, ia te 6s per dozen búnchiJ. leek. Gd. to 8d. do ; lettuce, 3d to la. per dozen: marjoram, Gil. to 8d. per dozon bunches . mint 81 to la. do ; onions, drlod, 10s to 16s. psr cwt: do green, Cd. to fid. per dozon buncher, ; parsloy tu to Is. do.; parsnips. O'- to Is. Od do. ; poa«, ôd "" lb ; potatoes, 8s. CJ. to Ga. per cwt ; radiai ¿L fa Gd. por dozon bunches ; sago, 01. to Od. do.; savors. Is to 4a pcrdo2cn; shallots, G1 per lu.; thyme 0? to 8d. per dozen bunchea; tu,nips, 6d. to Is ' ¡K Fruits.-Apples, 3d. to 4d. per lb.; Victorian oranges 6s. to Ga. per csso ; pears, 3d. to 6d. per lb. ¿air» Produce.-Butter, la. to Is ¡k1, pir In,; cheese. 6J to 8d. da; ducks, ds. Gd. to 6s. 6d. per palr-ogtra! la. Id. to le. 3d. per dozon ; hons, 4a. to 6s. ÏÏ pair ; honey, Gd. to 8d. per lb.; pigeons, la. 0J. to si. per pair; pork, 7d. to 8d. per lb; rabblta, li to 2s. per pair ; Bucking pigs, 10a to 12>. Gd. each . turkeys, 10s. to 20i. per pair; hams, la. to li. 2d* per lb.; bacon, lOd. to la. do. fc M SHIPPING OF TILE MONTH, PORT OF MELBOURNE. Arrivais Aim Clbaiiaxczs Breera ona Last BcntuiEr. [D., British; A., American; Au., Austrian; Da." Danish ; D., Dutch: F.^Fronch ; Oh., Chilian ; f."' Aug." ARRIVED. 5\. Tho Douglas, B. a, 1,428, J. Wilson, LlvcrnooL G. Martin and Co. *^ 7, Ellida, North G. b, C55, J. Winters, T.kao.-Vic- toria Sugar Co. B. Lusitania, P.O N. Co.'a B B , 8,826, W. F. Howlson London.-Blight Brothers and Oo. 8\. Barncck, B. B , 1,256, J. Elmoro Cooper, Olssgow -Holmes. White, and Oo. 12\. Moi avian, B.b, 065, Harry Ayllng, London. - Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 12\. Mary L. Stono, As., E. H. Phtancy.-Stuatt, Couche, and Co. Id. Laura K. Buri ham, A.BC, 673, S. Phillips, Bolton. -Newell and Co. Id. Chacma, B.b., S. Phillips, Bristol. -Bright Brothers and Co. Id. Tenjoro, B.U.S B., 2,246, W. W. Forman, dalle. &C-F.; B. Kendall *' 17\. Novelty, B.b., 876, P. Colliver, Hong Kong.-L. Kong Meng and O. 19\. Mlrzapore, F b., 622, L. Dofreux, Port Boabeck, Füget Sound.-Stuart, Couche, and Co. 20\. Lucilo, B B., 1,410, George Scott, LlverpooL Loilmcr, Borne, and Co. 20\. Levi Stevens, A. ec, 661, H. H. Harding, Town. tend, Fuget Bound.-Captain Harding. 20\. BomorBotshlro, B.aa, 2,612. H. F, Holt, London. W. Biddeloy and Co. 20\. Macdui!, B.a, 1,185, T. T. Watson, London. Bright Broa, and Co. 21\. Bonator, B.B.. 1.C59, Geo. Jeffrey, Llverpool-Qeo. Martin and Co. 24\. Brisbane, E. and A. B.M.8., 1,700, W. Ellis, Singa poro, vin Sydney.-bright Bros, and Oo. 24\. Ole Smith Wong, N.B., oEl.T. Petersen, Frederick« etadt.- John Blyth and Co. 25\. William Mackinnon, N.I.8.N. Company 'as a,1,147, F. B. Fransen, Batavia -J. W. Ploos Van Aunt J and Co. 26\. Elizabeth, B.b., 202, H. Smith, Mauritius-Bolte and Co. 26\. Kaesa,B.b.,812,J.Qlbaon,Colombo.-Robort Harper and Cr. 27\. Miltiades, Be., 1,462, Robt. A. Perrott, London. Dalfioty, Blackwood, and Co. 27\. Melbourno.B.e., 1,867, Richard Marsden.London. J. H. White and Co. 27\. Speedy, IJ.br,, 274, T H. Robion,lfaldon Island. Grlce, Sumner and Co. 28\. Lady Jocoljn, B a, 2.139, Geo. Jenkins, London. Brlglt Bros, and Co. 28\. Old Kensington, B a, 1,776,8. Underwood.London. -George Martin and Co. Auf. CLEARED OUT. 7\. Chin», B.H.S.8., 1,0S6, Thoa. Alderton, Ollie, &c; -F. K. KcndalL S. Udston, B.a, G95, Jaa Shaw, Calcutta.-Holmes, Whlto, and Co. 8\. Kent, B.f.8, 2,804, O. F. Gibbs, Lindon.-W. Siddeley and Co. 9 Samar, A,a, 1,059, O. Miller, Guam.-Newell and Co. 10\. Tarra Tarra, B.a, 1,211, R Kerr, Calcutta.-J. Ser- vice and Co. 11\. ÏIJI.B a, 1,867, T. Brown, Ban Kriftels», via New« castle.-Lorimer, Some, and Oo. 13\. Ennerdale, B e , 1,249, J J. Brown, Ban Francisco,. vii Newcastle.-Lorimer, Rome, and Co. 13\. Ben Cruachan. B.B , 1.4.7, W Martin, London, vi?.. Geelong.-Holmes, White, aod Co. 15\. Bollo, B.a, 902, H Mackoraey, Calcutta-Boyd and Cunio. 21\. Dulotp SlnB.li, B.a, 1,198, Patrick OarrolL-J. Blyth and Co. 23\. George Thompson, B a, 1,128, John Mill, London, via Geelong.-Geo Marlin and Co. 27\. Torksbiro. B.s , 1,057, J. P. O'Callaghan, Lindon. -W. Siddeley and Co. 27\. Floral Star, B.EC, 224, B. H. Evans, Guam.-H. B. Carter and Co. 28\. Loch Eck, Ba, 1,011, P. Taylor, Calcutta.-J. Bl) th and Co 80\. Gipsy, F.d., 471, J. Bernier, Colombo_8. de Beor and Co. 8L Loch Bannoeb, B a, 1,185, James Ross, Calcutta. -J. Blyth and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIA!. PRODUCE. Ara. 7. China, for Point de Galle.-6 eiBks 1 case 5G1 bsgc potatoes, 7 cases and 4 casks cheese, 9 kegs butter, 2 cases' bacon, 1 case sundries, 8 quarter- tlercoa tobacco, 2 calca Eaddlcry, 8 boxes candles, 8 boxee soap, 7 pack- ages books and stationery, 1 case braaaware, S pack- ages plants, 1 case and 2 bales leather, 1 case clothing, 1 caso seeds, 1 case stamper gratings, 20 casks tallow, 1 caso Jams, 1 bale newspapers. 2 casca documente, 1 eise pictures, 2 cases samples, 4c Auo. 8. Udston, for Calcutta.-418 bales hvy, 776 baga 160 bales chaff, (48 bagB bran, 85 tons coal, 200 baig oats, 2G0 horses. Kent, tor London.-2,459 bales wool, 06 bags pre- pared bones, l8 casea colonial wlno, 15 packages effects, 6 packages ferns, 25 casks mint Bwceplngs, 3 esees Jam, 404 packages reguluB antimony, 8S3. cakes copper, 4,742 Ingots tin, 87 casks antimony, S casks tin ore, 15 caeca wearing apparel, 22 pick agca vino cuttings, 331 logs sandalwood, 123 pack- ages pearl abell, 22 hhd. 1 quarter-cask gum, 25. casks tallow, 270 bales leather, 4 cases wines, 43 bales skins, 840 bags bark, 162 packages tobacco, 83 bales basile, 15 packages merchandise. Auo. 15. Rollo, for Calcutta,-32 tons hay, 21 tons chaff, IO bags oats, 141 horses. Auo. 27. Floral Star, for Guam.-3,600 bags flour. Yorkshire, for London.-120 bales scroll pieces, d casks potash, 175 caska oleino, 5 ciskB bisele sand, 7 caseB Jewellers' sticeplngs, 772 cases meats, 125 bales glue pieces, 86 bales pBlta, . 1 cases apparel, 811 bales wool, 61 ptcksgee. tobacco, dbhcL 5 cases wines, 81 ingots spelter, S66 packages 13 casks antimony, 100 baga copper oro, 81 tone 81 bags reguluB copper, 1,005 slabs tin, 2,168 bags bark, 305 casks tallow, 86 bales skins,. 10 packages merchandise, 4 casca 803 bales leather. Auo. 28. Lock Eck, for Calcutta.-6 packages (a tent). Auo. 80. Gipsy, for Colombo.-70 horses, 105 bundles hay, 2C0> packages chaff, 203 eacka bran. STOCK AND SHARE LIST, 8ATÜBDAT, SEP! 1. i \\* 130000 660020 23CC00 312000 1003C02 10O000 80000 600OO 281400 163000 0729000 6097S0 6C0O0O 600000 26000 Viet, flov. B per cents., duo 18S9 .. Viet Gov. 0 per contB , duo 1886 .. Viet Gov. 0 per centa, duo 18S3 .. Viet Gov. G por cents., duo 1894 .. Viet. Gov. 4 per cent stock.. Melbourne Corporation G por cent Meiboumo Corporation 6 por ecnt Meiboumo Gas 5 por cont .. .. Collingwood Goa 6 per cont .. U. ano H.B.U. Railway 0 percent if. and II.B U. Raliway 6 per cent ¡Now South Wales, 6 per cent Now South Wales d per cent ., New Zealand d per cent .. - ¡Queensland d per cent .. *> iMclb. Meat-prcsorving 0 por cent ml p . t¿ II § 'S a s: A. o m £ £ 60000 10 22000 10 406250 10 260000 10 100000 20 760000 5 1000000 20 600000 50 105080 10 700000 10 1260000 26 1200000 40 1600000 26 1000000 20 126000 6 100000 10 60000 10 86000 6 14601 6 90582 5 2980 10 £4480 5 260000 {,! 27720 20686 1 85000 K 80800 6 10260 2¡ 02600 6 iOOOO 60 188000 60 Pdelio CoaraMnts. 16218! «8700 12000 7000 auras. Bal Bankg. (Limit) ~ , nowlssuo .. lal of AuBtral, ¡Commercial of Aus-] tralia (Limited) 2'Mclb. Bank Corpo-^ ration (Limited).. 4 National of Austral- asia _!0 Now South Wales.. ".I f Vlctorla(Mol.reg.V ?** 1 Do. (London rog.ï 2 Land Mortgage 10 Now Zealand 26Unlon .« 40 Australasia .. 26 Oriental 20London Chartercdl of Australasia \Z\ City of Molbourno.. 2J Aust'ln. & Europoan, 0A8 COUrANIBS. Ballarat .. Bendigo .. Castlomolne ICollin'w'd & Fitzroy Daylcsford(Limltcd)| Geelong *, «. 1 Melbourne - | ¡South Meiboumo .. lo., new iBflUO .. raBDKARO». I Australasian Lifo .. Australian Alliance.! National Fire Insur. ¡Southern Insurants Victoria Lifo &Gon.; Victoria Fire & Mar HutoiiLiiAirsooa. 10 I 8 Glppa Lnd. BtoamNJ 6 l 6iMolb. Mcat-Prearvg. 1 lBtudloy Pork Bridge 20 20 Victorian leo .. | RAILWAYS. 60 60'Mclb.&Hob.BayUd.; B ? 4lDenlliquln & Moamal Sello: £ _7i 1025. 103 J 5. S7Í ? 60)e.. 52lc. « Including bonna t And bonus, t And Od. per share. Printed »nd published by Hcou Osónos,, »t Tar, Anona omeo; Colllna-strcet, Melbourne, for W-mo« tai MACEBtKos, proprietors. 