Maryborough. [From our own Correspondent.] January 25. According, I believe, to some of those indivi- duals who have made an especial study of chron- ology, the year 1877 is about the time when things generally shall pass away—the seventh vial shall be poured out, &c.;, and the millenium commence. I don't know much about mil- leniums, but taking a very terrestrial view of the question, the constant heat we are experiencing up here seems to indicate a rapid approach towards other regions where peace of mind does not predominate, but where the "devouring element" does. Personally, I don't much care about heat, but when the " old hands" take to grumbling it is time to make a note of it. With- out doubt, it is very hot. The closeness of the atmosphere makes it more unbearable than a bright clear heat. Still there have been no cases of sun- stroke, like those you seem to have in Brisbane, as most of those employed in such places as the wharves are either coolies or blackfellows, who don't much suffer from the sun. What the actual temperature has been I can hardly say to a degree or two, but I have seen it over 100° after sundown in a warm corner, while at the foundries men have done their day's work at 120° in the shade—rather too much like the Turkish Baths to my fancy. I told you that the Lammershagen had arrived clean in my last. Her immigrants really are a " superior lot," quite the best I ever saw sent out to any colony. Their nationalities are German, Danish, and Italian. The male division of the latter are all of the artisan class, and some of them go still higher and touch the professions. One is an architect, whose drawings, although not of an English style, will do credit to many any older practitioner. I am afraid that Mary- borough will not, however, suit the Italians, although many of them have started on their own account. The girls of the same nationality were all snapped up immediately, as, in addition to their willingness, they were most of them good-looking, and you always feel more kindly disposed—at least I do—to a "neat-handed Phillis" than to a square chunk of a female, who is as likely as not to drop the roast beef into your lap, or scald you to death with the tea-kettle. The German and Danish girls, ex Lammershagen, may not be quite so bad as this. I don't say they are; but there is one "chunk" I wot of who has kept me in mortal terror since I made her acquaintance, and I don't care how soon her time is up. There is a great desire shown by them to get to work though, and so their prayers have been heard and the barracks are now clear of "domestic servants." Their wages range from 6s. to 12s. per week. The single men hang fire and don't go off fast, but a few married couples have found engagements up to £45 per annum and " found." This is pretty good for " new chums." A certain planter got himself into trouble this week for beating one of his Kanakas. It seems that there was a flood up the river on Sunday, and that the planter's punt got jammed under the wharf. As the water was rising about a foot every quarter-of-an-hour, it was necessary to take immediate steps to remove the punt to a safe place. In fact, it was filling then. So the " boss" made for the coolies' quarters and called them to his aid to save the punt. Missionary boy couldn't see it. He jerked out " Boy no work on Sunday," and refused to move, whereupon his mastor picked up the first stick he found (a trashing stick) and touched up the refractory boy (who was the head of the gang) with it and reminded the others in the same way. Consequently the punt was saved by their assistance. Next day Jemmy marches into town, bringing his stick with him and duly interviews the Polynesian Protector, who took out a summons, and the planter was fined £1 and costs, which amounted to over £2 more. There was no defence made to the charge, but simply this, "justification," that the boy wouldn't work without the stick, and so he got it. Since tho " boys" are beginning to learn that they can get protection, the Police Court has been patro- nised on more than one occasion, and the "inner life" on plantations is by degrees showing out. It seems to me that this " civilising" of the coolies will do more towards killing the trade in them than anything else. They will want white men's wages next and then—up goes the sponge. Tho Good Templars have erected a hall for themselves, of the conventional type. They are deep thinkers those I.O.G.T.-ites, if they are not deep drinkers. They bought the land on which the hall stands for £70, and then sold the worst half for £60. Then there was a row between two of the lodges about the money—I won't say who should have it, but that was as near the thing as any man not of the persuasion could fix it. To settle the dispute, they built the hall, and to settle their animosity they are going to have an inaugural teafight, and concert, and reunion, and other little festive games. The working men are going to resuscitate their Protection League, which, if it fall into proper hands, is right enough, but I should not be sur- prised to hear of more beer being drunk over it than business done. So au revoir till my next, but really, if I have to waste much more breath over that Teuton domestic of mine, you stand a poor show of seeing anything but my funeral notice. P.S.—Frightful downpour of rain this morning, which I am afraid will interfere with a good many people attending the banquet in honor of Mr. Bailey, which comes off at Tiaro this evening. He addresses the public at 5.30 before dinner, and he opens his heart to his friends after the banquet. 