.ARRIVAL J ' l v Ol', THF ENGLISH MAIL. [AUSTRAXIAJJ ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS.] ADELAIDE, October 9. The B.M.S. Assam, Captain Stewart, left Galle at fifteen minutes past two p.m. on the 21st ult., ex- perienced moderate winds, with strong S.E. to south- ward and westward, reached King George's Sonnd at 1 p.m. on 4th October, and sailed at midnight the same night. Met with a fresh gale from the south with hard squalls. She anchored about 9 last night. , Passengers :-For Melbourne: Mrs. W. Scott and two infants, Mrs. J. Adams and infant, Lieu- tenant-Colonel Warrington ; Messrs. W. Rogerson, G. Elliott, J. J. Keen, J. Taylor, E. H. Butler, H. B. Crosse ; Mr. and Mrs. Joy and two children, Mr. Joy, sen. ; Mr. and Mrs. Linklater and two daughters, Mrs. C. P. Davis and three children, Mrs. Hooley, Messrs. G. Arnold, H. Andrews, G. E. Lowenthal, Zeoppritz, Mr. and Mrs. Kesterson, Mrs. A. C. Thom and three children, Messrs. C. S. Evans, G. W. Mackenzie, Margaret E. Dowille, Mr. and Mrs. Horne, Mrs. Wilkinson. For Sydney ; Messrs. A. J. Wilson,' Warren, A. Brodseak, O Sullivan, Monsieur and Madame De Gunal, Mrs. E. James, Mr. and Mrs. Calcotts and infant. - GENERAL SUMMARY. I LONDON, August 31. The Queen, accompanied by the Princess Beatrice and Prince Leopold, and attended by the Court, left Osborne for Balmoral on the 23rd. Her departure was delayed for two days in consequence of the traffic in the north being interfered with by heavy rains. The Prince and Princess of Wales are at Cowes. The Duke of Edinburgh has left Besika Bay for a visit to Athens. The Duchess is still in Russia. The Prince of Wales has Bold off nearly the whole of his farm stock at Sandringham, reserving only a few choice animals for breeding. The trial trip of the Shannon, a new powerful ironclad, the first of a new class, came off at Fly mouth on the 20th, and was not a success. She is overmasted, and the engines did not work satisfac- torily. It will be some months before she can be ready for service. On the 1st October all goneral officers who have attained the age of Beventy will be placed on the retired list. The list includes all the surviving veterans of the Peninsular and Warterloo campaigns, and nearly all the brigade and divisional commanders in the Crimea. Among the generals are Sir Richard England, Sir W. Codrington, Lord Lucan, Sir W. KnollvB, Sir W. Williams, of Kars, Lord Rokeby, Sir Edward Sabine, Sir Patrick Grant, Lord Airy, and Sir Thomas Simpson-Pratt, who commanded the force in Victoria some year ago. The law officers of the Crown having given their opinion that Admiral De Honey's attack upon the Huesear was justifiable on grounds of international policy, Lord Derby and the Admiralty have signi- fied to the Admiral their approval of his conduct. Professor Allen Thompson delivered the inaugural address at the Plymouth Meeting of the British Association. The proceedings commenced on the 15th, and terminated on the 23rd. Next year the association will assemble at Dundee, at Swansea in 1879, and in 1881 at York, when the half century of its existence will be celebrated. The exhibition of Dr. Giaham's telephone was one of the most interesting events of the meeting. The Welsh National Eisteddfod has come off at Carnal von. Prizes in value of £1,000 were given for competition in music, literature, and fine arts. Mr. Herschell, Q.C., M.P., the umpire in the Northumberland coal owners' and miners' arbitra- tion, has decided that the owners failed to make out a case for a reduction of wages. Madame Adelina Fatti has commenced proceed- ings in France for a nullification of her marriage with the Marquis de Caux, in whose favour a decree has been granted in Paris for a separation de corps et des biens. She avers that the English clergyman who married her at Clapham was was not legally qualified. Mr. Thomas Hedley, a barrister, who lately died in Northumberland, bequeathed £20,000 for the endowment of a bishopric for that county. He was a large colliery owner. A commission has been appointed, consisting of the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Selbome, several of the judges. Sir W. ' V. Harcourt, and Mr. M. Torrens, M.P., to inquire into the working and effect of the laws (?) and treaties for extradition. Letters patent have been granted, raising St. Albans and Truro to the dignity of cities. The Argentine Republic, the Danish colonies, and Persia, will join the general postal union from to-morrow. Mr. Gladstone has received numerous excursionist visitors at Hawarden on several occasions lately. In reply to a resolution presented by the Liberal Association at Salford, and which expressed the hope that he might again become the head of the Government, Mr. Gladstone stated that the Liberal party must sink minor differences so as to establish it on a broad basis. Sir H. Selwyn Ibbotson, Under-Secretary of the Home Department; Colonel Fielding, Coldstream Guards ; and Messrs. Overend and Maule, of the Civil Service, have been appointed a committee by Mr. Cross to report upon the management, efficiency, . and discipline of the detective force. In the now election for Chepe Ward, consequent upon the Court of Aldermen refusing to receive Sir John Bennett as their colleague, Sir John was re chosen by 217 votes against ninety-nine given to Mr. Breffith, the late sheriff, who was his antagonist. The question is directing attention to the muni- cipal government of London. The copy of a treaty between the King of Da- homey and Captain Sullivan, of H.M.S. Sirius, has been published, which gives British subjects full trading and residential rights, und abolishes the export of slaves. No British subject is henceforth to be compelled to observe the customs. The fine of 500 puncheons of palm oil was reduced to 400. General Grant is to be presented with the freedom of the.city of Glasgow to- day. At the annual meeting of German journalists at Dresden, resolutions were carried calling upon the German Parliament to onforce more lenient treat- ment of persons charged with press offences. Lieutenant Ommaney, R.E., late private secretary to Lord Carnarvon, has been appointed one of the Crown agents of the colonies. Major Lampion, late Acting-Administrator in Griqualand West, has been offered the Colonial Secretaryship of Jamaica. A transport corps is being organised for service at the Cape. The news from South Africacontinues to be satisfactory. A man named Martin was brought up at the ManBion House yesterday charged with being con | cerned in the robbery of £10,000 worth of bonds from the Paris Railway in June last. During the hearing of the charge of conspiracy against the Scotland-yard police officers, Bow-street, Court and the approaches are thronged every day, the detectives being hissed and hooted, and the convicts cheered by the mob outside. Many dis- tinguished persons, including the King of Denmark, have occupied seats on the bench. Tho greatest interest is evinced in the proceedings, rivalling that in the Tichborne case and the Bravo mystery. Swindlohurst,' lato acere tai y of the Artisan«' Dwellings Company, and Dr. Baxter Langley, chairman, and' Saffery, estate agent, have beeu committed for trial on a charge of conspiring to defraud the company of £30,000. By a destructive fire at Bromley on the 2"th inst. damage was done to tho amount of £30,000. Au attempt in America to upset a special train conveying Lord and Lady Diifferiii and suite was frustrated through a woman noticing the obstruc- tion and running along the lino and signalling to tlie engine-driver to stop. On Saturday, South London was subjected to a rapid succession of thunderstorms and rainfalls, similar to those experienced in the tropics. Gardens and conservatories sustained immense damage. CONTINENTAL. An announcement has been made that the Pope was presented in all with about £050,000 on the occasion of his jubilee. One-fourth wos added to the funds of the holy chair, another fourth was given to tho employe's and ex-employcB of the Vati- can, a similar sum was devoted to the restoration of ecclesiaBtic.il monuments and the execution of works encouraging art and industry, and the remainder was appropriated to hospitals and asylums. Odessa merchants have established branch houses at Königsberg for tho exportation of wheat of the Baltic. \- A' traill conveying somo of the mobilised guards to the south was nearly broken to pieces at Tcherin koif, aim many of the soldiers killed. THE EASTERN WAR. The inhabitants of the Caucasus are leaving for Asia Minor. The emigration is being carried out by the Turkish fleet and other ships ; 1,000,000 are said to bo taking their doparture. The Russian attempts to interfere with them have beeu un- successful. Abdul Kerim and Rcdif Pasha are being tried by court martial. Ahmed Vetik Pasha has beeu ap- pointed Governor of Adrianople. Princess Aristarchi has been exiled from Constan- tinople as a Russian Bpy. It is alleged that papers were found at her house indicating a conspiracy on the part of tlie resident Bulgarians to set fire to the city. In addition to tho bridges constructed by the Russians over tho Danube at Symnitza and Pyrgos, near Rustchuk, the Roumanians have established one to the westward. General Schilder, in command of the Russians at the battle of Plevna on the 20th July, has been sent to Moscow to bo tried by court martial. Colonel Valentine Baker is iu command of a por- tion of tho cavalry of Mehomet Ali'» army. He has several other English officers with him. Mr. Scudraore, director of the International Post office at Constantinople, who resigned in consequence of the dismissal of a subordinate on the sol« mond that he wai a Bulgarian, has been reinstalled, M ia I also his subordinate. I i i The Czar conferred the Order of St, George upon Major von Leignitz, the Prussian officer who testified to the Turkish atrocities committed upon, soldiers of Gourko's corps at the Shipka Pass. INDIA ANDTHE EAST. CEYLON, September 21. The shipments of rice from Bengal in twelve months will equal 30,000,000 mounds, 12,000,000 being for Madras. The Bombay railway extension is carried out as relief works. The ship Flora, with coals, from the Clyde to Bombay, has been burnt. The Turkish Envoy to Cabul has been received with honour. Bombay detectives are on the alert after the thieves who took the 5,000 sovereigns from the last Australian steamer, and belonging to the Oriental Bank, The money was insured. Sir James Longden landed at Galle on 20th Sep- tember, and was sworn in as Governor on the 4th. The Japanese rebellion is nearly extinguished. Locusts are still troublesome in China. The French man-of-war Correzo, from Saigon to Suez, has passed Aden with cholera on board. Fifty of the crew had died, and 130 were sick. ^OBITUARY., ,, , r . Admiral Sir H. J. Codrington, sixty-four ; Lord Headley, sixty-seven ; Lord De Clifford, fifty-three ; Vice-Aumirnl C. W. Riley, eighty-four; Major General Thacken, fifty-six ; Mr. William Longman, the publisher'; Sir James Douglas, K.C.B., formerly Governor of British Columbia, seventy-two ; Major Archibald Chisholm, husband of Mrs. Chisholm, the emigrants' friend, eighty-two; Mr. R. Donnelly Mangles, formerly chairman of the East India Com- pany; S. Counean, the friend of Napoleon III., seventy-four ; Cardinal Bizarri ; Sir John B. Robin- son, Bart., forty-seven ; Sir J. H. Farquhar, thirty seven; Mr. Danby Seymour, Q.C., M.P. for Poole. THE EXPORTS. The following are the month's exports :-Mel- bourne, £437,900; Sydney, £414,100; Queensland, £100,800 ; Adelaide, £177,200 ; Tasmania, £34,000 ; New Zealand, £184,000. Tho principal items to Melbourne are-Gunpowder, 1,492 ewt. ; bar and rod iron, 893 tons ; hoop, 131 ; sheet, 52 ; plate, 193 ; pig, 345 ; galvanised, 570 tons ; tinplates, 1,118 boxes ; fencing wire, 1,102 tons ; linseed oil, 25,662gal. ; deals, 395 loads ; boards, 982 loads ; tobacco, 24,0661b. ; brandy, bulk, 12,489gal. ; brandy, case, 13,838 gal. ; geneva, 25,690gal. ; red wine, 12,996gal. ; white wiue, 13,477gal. ; beer, bulk, 126 barrels ; beer, glass, 1,042 barrels ; malt, 1,440 quarters ; white salt, 690 tons ; candles, 2,760cwt. ; currants, 6,533cwt. THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL. [AUS-THALIA« ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS.] AUCKLAND, October 6. The Zealandia arrived this morning at BÍX o'clock, and left again for Sydney at noon. Passengers for Sydney :-Messrs. Deatz, Coates, Williams, Lascelles, Cooper, Moss, Van Look, Braham, Anderson, Wade, Browne, Mansou, Mr. and Mrs. Hick, and Miss Lizzie Watson. THE AVAR IN THE EAST. SAN FRANCISCO, September 12. A hundred and eighty thousand troops have been Êreused forward to reinforce the Russian army in iurope. The head-quarters were removed from Tirnova to avoid being cut off, although ostensibly to conduct operations at Plevna. Prince Hassan, with the Egyptian contingent, has been despatched to cut off the Russians in the' Dobrudscha. Eight steamers have been ordered to embark troops on the north from tho Danube. An expedition has been sent from Silistria againBt Tchernovada. The Russians in the Dobrudscha aro reported as having fallen back on Osmail, awaiting reinforce- ments. ' Mr. Fawcett, who WBB sent by Mr. Laynrd to report on the condition of the fugitives south of the Balkans, and distribute relief, says :-"No idea can be formed of the extent of misery. Atrocities have been committed on both sides. Over 20,000 fugi- tives, women and children, require relief ; 17,000 are Jews, and 5,000 Turks." Sulieman Pasha has been blamed by tho authori- ties at Constantinople for unnecessarily wasting valuable troops in íenewing attacks on Shipka Pass, and ordered to obey more closely instructions from Mehemet Ali. He wrecked a whole army, dashing his battalioiiB against the Russian works. The first three days 3,000 Russians held out against the Turkish army without food, water, or sleep. They were then reinforced, and held fast, fighting night and day for a fortnight. Sulieman Pasha theu abandoned the attempt. On 3rd September ho withdrew to Kezanlik and reorganised his army, which on 12th September was reported north of the Balkans, having crossed at another point. At the battle of Pelishat there was heavy fight- ing for fourteen hours, and the Turks wero repulsed with great loss. ' The capture of _ Lovatz, a fortified Turkish position, was a brilliant action, cutting off Osman's retreat from Sophia. A Russian corps was sent by forced marches to occupy Sophia, the Turks hurry- ing up from Adrianople beforehand. The Roumanian anny crossed tho Danube near Plevna on 25th August, and on the 27th Prince Charles was in command of the joint armies beforo Plevna. The Turkish army from Lovatz is isolated. Servia is ready for war with the approval of Germany and Italy. lu Eastern Bulgaria there has been heavy fighting during the last fortnight. Meheinot Ali has driven the Russians back at all points, and is now oper- ating on both Hanks of the Czarewitch's army from Osman Bazar and Rutschuk, and in the centre from Rasgrad. Eyoub Ahmed Pasha, from Rustchuk, threatens the Russian communication with Roumani» at Pyrgos and Sistova. The defeat of Osman Pasha on the 8th will relieve the pressure from the Czarewitch if Servia I steps speedily into line. LONDON, August 25. The Turks were defeated under Mukhtar Pasha at the battle of Kuruk-Dara, twenty-five miles north-east of Kars. The Grand Duke Michael now commands the Armenian army in the field, having superseded General Melikoff. He acts ou the defensive. LONDON, Sopt. 12. There has been continuous fighting at Plevna since Thursday night. , , ' , . A Russian corps of 50,000 ia preparing to cross into Servia to operate on the flank and rear of Osman Pasha towards Sophia. The Servian army has been ordered to the frontier. ' ' ( Mehemet Ali offers battle to the Czarewitch at a point west of Erski Dwina.' If successful it would peril Tirnova and the Grand Duke's annies in front of Plevna. - AMERICAN NEWS. SAN FIUNCISCO, Sept. 12. Brigham Young died on 29th August. Twelvo apostles of the Mormon Church have been appointed to choose a successor. Brigham left 2,000,000 dol. to his family, but nothing to the church. There is a démocratie gaining in the Amoricau elections California went democratic. Gold is nt 103}. ,Trade is dull, aud there have boen heavy failures and defalcations in the Eastern and Middle States. The savings institution at Chicago has suspended through the management being dishonest. The harvest is above the average, except in California. Through an accident at Demoines, six persons were killed. The accident was caused by the wash- ing away of a bridge. Another great strike is threatened. Au earthquake occurred at Coquimbo ou 18th August. The telegraph cable wai broken iu conse- quence. By a fire in Rosarie Mine, Mexico, twenty-four deaths occurred. The Indian war is still dragging out. The savages attacked the settlers at Fort Ellis, killing sixteen. The /Government/orders aro to pursue them to the death. A Papal Bull,' ordering the mode of procedure on the death of the Pope, has been issued. It gives power to summon a conclave straightway. A great fire occurred in New York, by which Hide's piano factory was destroyed ; 350 families were rendered homeless, and there waa great loss of life. Of 150 workmen only a few escaped. Tho property was worth 1,000,000 dois. LATEST COMMERCIAL. Wheat, new crop, N.Z,, 1 '45 dol. to 1 .55 dol. ; hides, dry. 22 dol. to 22} (lol. ; oil, sperm, 1 do!, to 1 5 dol. ; wool, fine, 22 dol. to 28} dol. ; tho wheat average is 129 dol. to 12-10 dol. The market continues to fluctuate, prices being a littlo stronger to-day, There has been a speculative feel- ing in the Eastern markets of late. The brig Hazard, 696 tons, from the Columbia Rivers to Melbourne for orders. [From the Loudon Correspondent of the Argus.] A gentleman from Ciixton, Cambridgeshire, leaving his wife aud children, eloped lost Saturday week with the governess in -a- neighbouring family, and proceeded to Glasgow, engaged berths on hoard the Tassaca, bound for Queensland, Soon afterwards the gentleman's partner missed a strong box con- taining valuable property and a considerable Bum of money. Putting himself in communication with tho deserted wifo, tho runaways wero followed to Greenock and arrested, and Queensland has two immigrants the lesa. The Standard, which gives considerable promin- ence to colonial subjects, holds the same «pinion that the Hour did with regard to tho impolicy of »auctioning the Acts passed iu the Australian colonies legalising marriages with a docoased wife's Bister. In a leador reviewing the work of the late session on tho 14th iust., it sayB :-" Tho partial sanotion given by the Government to a measure for legitimising in England the children of forbidden marriages legalised by the Parliament* of South Australia and one or two other colonies was, we think, a most unfortu nate oversight. There ought, of course, to be but one rule on the subject within the Empire. Forms of marriage may well differ in Australia and Great Britain as they differ in England and Scotland, but the relationships, whether of blood or affinity, which forbid intermarriage should be determined by the same rule in every part of the Queen'B dominions inhabited by men of English blood and Christian traditions. The original error was in allowing an exception to this obviously sound principio.. In sanctioning the colonial legalisation of marriages which the Imperial law treats as incestuous, that error involved the anomaly that children legitimate in Australia were illegitimate in England, but to correct this anomaly by enacting that pei sons whose marriage in England would bo illegal should bo able I to evade the consequences of that illegality by getting married in South Australia, would certainly i nave made matters worse, "and could only have re- sulted in allowing the colonial law to override, and their laws to control the legislation of the Im- perial Parliament." In the foregoing there is no allusion to the restriction intended in the bill that such marriages should not be held legal as regarded England, unless the parties were domiciled in the colony for a couple of years prior to the celebration of the ceremony. That certainly would have dono away with any charge of evasion. A peculiar attitude has been lately assumed by France. The French, it is well known, have been coveting for years a Russian alliance. Themselves wishing for revengo against Germany, and seeing Russia prepare for a crusade against the Turk, 'nothing in the opinion of our excitable neighbours would have been more natural than that the two Governments which had these grand schemes in hand should have entered into partnership, and embarked in a joint venture ; but the existing Russian Government being too prudent to quarrel with the formidable trio-William, Bismarck, and Moltke-French overtures wore not heeded, and, as Austria did not venture to oppose Russia while Rus- sia kept on terms with Germany, France had to swallow her anger, and remain neutral too. But the recent reiterated defcatsof the Russian army have en- couraged French diplomatists to speak in another key. It is credibly asserted that the French have lately attempted to convince Austria that a Russian who cannot defeat the Turk can be no formidable enemy, or useful ally either, to any European power, In other words France is trying to talk Austria over into an anti-Russian alliance. Should Russia be supported by Germany, England, it is hoped, would join the other side. As yet, Austria lends n doaf ear to these enticements, nor is it at all likely thatsho will speedily entertain the propositions made, or that she will at any time listen to them without the gravest apprehensions and doubts. Yet it is well to remember that the present imbroglio imperils the safety of more States than one, and that more may be in the wind than can now be foreseen. . THE COLONIAL~STOCK BILL. This valuable measure happily escaped the fate of scores of abortions at the close of the Parliament session. It passed the House of Commons a'few days previous to the recess, and has become law. The history of the bill is interesting, and especially so from the prominent part taken by Sir Julius Vogel in securing its legislative success. The desirability of having colonial stocks legistored and made not transferable to bearer had been often urged, and particularly by Mr. Westgarth. During Sir J. Vogcfs visit to England in 1874-5, he deter- mined to endeavour to make a practicable settle- ment of tho subject, and, with that view, ontored into negotiations with that view, entered into negotiations with the Bank of England and tho Colonial Office. The Bank, after due con- sideration, entered into an agi cement, by which they undertook to act as agents for the New Zealand Government in regard to the inscription of their stock, payment of interest, etc., on the condition that au Act of the New Zealand Parliament should be passed, enabling the Govern- ment of that colony to fulfil tho arrangements pro- visionally made by Sir Julius with the Bank. In the course of the negotiation, however, it became apparent that Imperial legislation would be desirable, if not necessary, and before leaving England Sir J. Vogel entered into communication with the Lords of the Treasury on the subject. The Treasury agreed to introduce the desired bill. After Sir J. Vogel's return to Now Zealand, Bevcral of the Aus- tralian Governments expressed their desire to par- ticipate in the benefits of the proposed bill, and in- structed their agents-general accordingly. Tho fol- lowing session some differences arose between the Bank and the Treasury, which delayed the intro- duction of the bill, and HO the question remained in an unsettled state until Sir J. Vogel took office as agent-general. He then resumed his negotiations with the Bank and the Treasury, and being cordially supported by tho Colonial Office and the other agents-general, especially by Mr. Michie, success at length crowned his efforts, These honourable services^ were most handsomely acknowledged by Lord Carnarvon in moving the second reading of the bill in the House of Lords. LOANS AND NEW CAPITAL. South Australia has achieved a great financial triumph in her recent appeal to the London money market. She wished to raise half a million in 4 per cent. Government debentures at the minimum of £96 10s. percent., and upon the day arranged it was found that .149 tenders had been lodged con- taining applications to an aggregate of no less than £1,972,600, at prices ranging from the minimum to £98. The average price for the allotted half million was £97 7s. lid. Tenders at £97 6B. Gd. and above, amounting to £429,600. were allotted in full, while those at £97 6s. roceived about 25 per cent, of the amount applied for. " From this gratifying result," says the Financia; " it will bo seen that 4 por cent. is now regarded as very nearly the standard of British colonial credit. In fact, in the case of the oldest of the Australian colonies, New South Willes, the 4 per cent, point has not only been reached, but oven practically exceeded, the 4 per cent, bonds of that Government being at this moment quoted at 101 to 103." [From our English files.] There were high jinks, after peculiar fashion, at Hawarden on Saturday, August 4th, which no doubt amused Mr. Gladstone's visitors, but were not par- ticularly dignified on the part of Mr. Gladstone himself. Some working men came over from Bolton to lionise the ox-Premier in his Welsh home. The ex- Premier informed them that he and his son were going to fell a tree in the afternoon, whereupon the men of Bolton cheered. Presently they had tho gratification in seeing Messrs. Gladstone, senior and junior, emerge from the hall, elad in the smock-frock of the woodcutter. A few minutes more, mid they wcro gazing on tho father and son chopping away at at a substantial trunk, 15 feet in circumference, the chips flying merrily to the right and loft of the distinguished statesman, who amid im- mense applause proceeded to wipe the porspiration from his forehead. Subsequently Mr. Gladstone pire gave them a little speech, Mr. Gladstonoy?/a adding a few words of his own, in which he en- couraged the crowd to hope that the member for Greenwich might yet be at the head of affairs onco more. Mr. Disraeli used to be fond of appearing in rustic costumu before the swains of Buckingham- shire, and a few years ago rather shucked some of his friends by appearing at a meeting of tho British Museum trustees, and afterwards at the Carlton, in a short velvet coat and low hat. But the present Earl of Beaconsfield never did anything quite so theatrical as Mr. Gladstone's performance on Satur- day last at Hawarden. The only tiling is that in the case of Mr. Gladstone the whole affair was veiy likely a perfectly natural and effortless exhibition. Mr. Gladstone hold another reception of his coun- try friends at Hawarden on Monday, August 20th, when ho addressed tlicin from the terrace. His speech was not a very eloquent one, and it may bo said not a very wise one. He attempted that kind of light, conversational, semi-facetious sort of rhe- toric in which hu does not excel, and mude some remarks which were intended to bu genial and humorous on the subject of u stick that had been given him by tho multitude. "It is, ' ho said, "a most excellent stick. I should not liku to haven liit of this stick from a stout arm. It is a good one, good to look at, good to lean upon : it is light and hurd, and bus all the qualities of u good stick. Ladies and gentlemen, what we have to do is to strive to be as good in our own characters and capa- cities as this stick is in the humble capacity which it bears." This docs not BOCIII veiy dignified or very clover, and what Mr. Gladstone liad to say on the subject of the county franchise was not much most important-indeed was only important at all in so far as it probably indicates ouo of the points in tho now Liberal piogrammo. Nevertheless, though Mr. Gladstone lins inado undoubted mistakes of late, though ho makes rather silly speeches at Hawarden, and though ho flung uway a great chance last session when ho dropped his resolutions, be would lie a niBh prophet who should predict that Mr. Gladstone's day is over. Ho may do much of which tho cultivated classes disapprove, but he is Htill believed in to a great extent hy the mosses, and especially in the North of England. Scotland had beoir>visitod by severe thunderstorms, and floods during the past week. Soverul melan- choly incidents are reported. A woman was swept over the pior at Frasorburgh ; a fisherman was swept from his boat ; und a girl carried into the sea at Leven. They wore all drowned. A wonu n died while removing her furniture from a flooded house in Fife. Eight fishing-boats aie missing, two from Wiok and six from Peterhead. Tho water still covers portions of the Deeside line. Later accounts state that tho storms which prevailed over England and Scotland, and to BOIIIC extent over the Conti- nent, show the damage done in many places has boen unusually severe. In tho neighbourhood of Dundee the harvest, already three w eeks Into, has boen indefinitely put back, and hundreds of acres have been so levelled that the crops ai o ii rotiievably lost. Railway communication was stopped at many paints by the accumulation of water. Houses were flooded in Aibroath mid Dundee, mid mills atopped by inroads of floods. Tho water Btuod a foot deep ou the mutak last evening for a distance of a milo on the Dundco and Perth section. Tho engine- drivers proceeded cautiously through the water, and tramo, though delayed, was uot stopped. Communications on tho Thornton and Dunfermluie liue was totally Buspouded, owing to the accumulation of water. No trains ran for a I whole day ou the railway between Perth and Crieff, tho flood having carried away the embankment ia .many places. The water was nearly two feet deep on the rails for long distances. Traffic on, the Dee- side lino was interrupted to a sorious extent. ? The . passenger trams were brought to a standstill on the Deeside lines between the Toiphins and Glasseo stations, and several sorious broaches wore made in the permanent way. Meanwhile the mails aro to bo conveyed from Banchory to Aboyno by road. Damngo has also been done to tho railways further north. Between Forfar and Arbroath the fields look uko a ohain of lochs, and so dcop is tho water that fences five feet in height are completely hidden, nncl tho tallest corn is submerged. From Perth shiro, Forfarshire, Fifcshirc, Kincardine, and Aber- deen tho reports aro the saino. Tho Queen's journey -to Balmoral had to bo delayed for a day owing to tho floods. Severe thunderstorms and floods have been pre, valent in England during the past week. Seldom has heavier rain been experienced in Liverpool, and though no great disasters have been reported, con* sideräblo damage of a minor character resulted from flooding. A thunderstom of a very violent nature passed over Onnskirk. Rain fell in torrents, and the lightning was most vivid. The electric fluid struck the chimney of a house occupied by'a widow, residing at the south end of Aughton-street. After displacing several bricks, it passed through the roof, and smashed a case-clock into innumer- able pieces. A chair which stood beside the clock was hurled across the bedroom against a washstand. The electric fluid then divided into two parts, ono part passing through the window and the other through the floor, melting the gaspipe at the top of tho kitchen underneath the bedroom. The occupier was standing at the room door with, a candlestick in hur hand. The affrighted woman fainted, and the candlestick was hurled underdeath the bedstead. Another house, about 200 yards from tho above, was also struck. A farmhouse in Langleydalc, Durham, was struck by lightning and set on fire, much damage being done bofore the flames were got under. The river Tees is flooded to an extent seldom previously known, great damage has been done to crops, and some cattle are reported to_ have been drowned. A heavy thunderstorm raged over Blackburn, and a weaving shed in course of erection was struck by lightning, five workmen having a narrow escape THE RITUALISTIC CONSPIRACY. ' [From the World, July 11.] The events and the disclosures of the last fort- night are more than sufficient to justify the views which wo recently expressed on the tactics and tendencies of Ritualism in an artiole entitled " Good for the Soul ?" In general, sensible person« can afford to leave ecclesiastical zealots and fantas- tic religionists of whatever seat to the uninterrupted enjoyment to their peculiar doctrines, praatic.ee, and rites. It is immaterial to men and women of the world, to honest sober fathers and mother« of English households, whether the preacher declaims the doctrines of Geneva or of Rome from the pulpit ; whether the service is conducted with a Puritan severity, or amid all the accompaniments of Oriental extravagance and pomp ; whether the parson weare a Geneva preaohing-gowu ora caasock, a wide-awake orabeavor, a waistcoat buttoned to the chin, or one displaying a snowy amplitude of shirt-front. So long as the " priest " does not stand in our sun- light, does not pry into our domestic privacy, con fin-» himself to inculcating the truths of religion and morality, visiting the poor, and ministering to the sick, his theological tenets, his ceremonial ob- servances, and the creed which animates his inner and spiritual life, do not greatly affect us. When wo meet bim socially, we expect to find him muoh as other men are. We pay due regard to his presence and a proper respect to his cloth. We recognise the tanotity of his calling ; we appreciate the self-sacrificing zeal of his professional efforts. When, however, the doctrines of the divine Bud their expression in a series of interferences with onr private life ; when he makes his way into our house«, not in the capacity of social friend and equal, but 0$ ghostly confessor and spiritual dii'cctor ; when ho becomes an importinont trespasser on our domestic peace and happiness-matters begin to assume A very different aspect. So long as practices on the part of individuals do not conflict with the general comfort and well-being of sooioty, it is not for the law to interfere to chock them. So long as doctrines which are a grotesque and contemptible caricature of other creeds held by clergymen of the Church of England do not result in any positive offence or nuisance to society, there ia no necessity for the Legislature to piohibit them. When, on the other hand, we find that the ecclesiastics who array them- selves iu multicoloured robes, gabble the liturgy, and introduce into the performance of the service of the Church of England n variety of minor acrobatio displays, assert their privilege and their duty to step between husband and wife, parent and child, master and Bervant, wo tell them that they have overstepped the boundary, and that they must at once recede into their own territory. So long as tbeBO men are the paid servants of the public, the salaried ministers of the State Establishment, we havo a right to expect that the work of warning them off ground on which they presume to tread shall be done by the State-by the bishops, or by the Becular Government. If they choose to teran* nate their connection with the State, we should know how to deal with them ; and we need not shrink from taking the law into our own hands, . Will the recognised ecclesiastical authorities have tho courage and the strength, which should be the attributes of their position, to protect society against the sacerdotal nuisance that has now grown to 6 hoad? If this question is about to be answered in the nogative, wo must appeal to that power on which the ecclesiastical authorities themselves' de- pend, which makeB bishops and unfrocks "clergy the State. It is monstrous that the State should lend its authority and prestige to support the con- duct, and to facilitate the practices, of those wife; aro the worst enemies of the morality whioh ira subsidise religion tq teach, and the moat dangerous traitors to those interests of which the oivil Govern- ment is the highest organised expression. The various clerical or semi-clerical meetings held in the course of the last week made these things plain-that there exists among the State clergy a considerable body of men who teach that confession is a duty, and who are prepared to enforce this duty by sugges- tions and hints which poison innocence and corrupt purity, as well as by tactics which violate the privacy, and which destroy tho confidence, of domes- tic life. It is nothing to the point that the Society of tho Holy Cross has agreed to withdraw the Priest in, Absolution from circulation, though, fflí that matter tho manual can bo purchasod at'thtt corners of streots, and across the counter of au recognised purveyors of literary garbage'. Thp members of this society pi otes t agajus'j; <ho censuró« which have been passed upon tho filthy'volume As unfair, and have asserted that it is solemnly obligir tory on themselves to invite, if hot to compel, toe confessions of their spiritual charges. Invitation under these circumstances roally means compulsion. When once the priest has established au ascendancy ovor the subject of his ministrations, a word from him «ill be enough to elicit the confession that will complete the piOCCBS of this "spiritual pathology." When Lord itidctdalo cited his extracts from the Priest in Absolution, he fairly diigusted the House of Peers. Tho obscenity of many other passages which the book contains is so gross, is oven in parts so blasphemous, that they will not boar description, much lets reproduction. The Aichbisbop of Canter- bury, on Friday last, in tho Upper House of Convo- cation, quoted passages from ono of "a series of books for the young "-issuing from the same source -which proved conclusively that Anglican confes- sors are in tho habit of putting tho most abominable and luallisotno ideas into the minds of children of tender years, and of enjoining confession upon infants of six under the pains of eternal damnation. "It is"-so nins one of these exccipts-"through tho priest, and the priest alono, that the child must acknowledge his Bins, if he desires that God should forgivo him." And again : " Children who conceal their sins from the priest aro very unhappy, and aro tormented with remorse, and, if they die in that state, will certainly go to tho everlasting tires of hell." Themen, lot it be remembered, who hold and disseminate these doctrines aro responsible to tho bishops, to the ecclesiastical law-courts, to Parliament ; aro paid out of a national fund for teaching aud i reaching the religion of the Reform- ation. Since we last wrote on this subject thero has been submitted to us by numerous correspondents a mul- titude of facts and letters, which mo circumstantial and conclusivo proof of tho dangerous and dastardly character of the tactics of the ultra-Ritualists. These lotters aro, for the most part, a pitiable narrative of domestic estrangements caused by priestly interference, of petty domestic dishonesties, usincorities, and suspicions, for all of which priestly suggestion is responsible, lu a larger number of cases than might have been expected, the viotims of this sacerdotal ¡ntertueddliugappcar to be domestic servants, between wbom and their employers the priest has sown the seeds of difforonce«, on pleas of conscience, which havo ended in dismissal ; and by otbor tactics, which need not be particu laristd, havo rendered it difficult to their victim* to secure now situations, und oven reduced tbem to temporary destitution. From ono of these letters wo may make a brief quotation, merely premising that its writor is a rector of a parish iu an eastern county, uow under sentence of thrco mouths' sus- pension, and that it is addresaod to a housekeeper who suddouly finds herself cashiered by her em- ployer, loose on the world, and has requested s> small alms of her spiritual teacher, who is respon- sible for the mischief. The whole composition u . masterpiece of hollow Pharisaism and Jesuitical hypocrisy. "I have" (says the writer, whose name should be, but is not, Pecksniff) "been considering your case carefully and with much prayer, and I have concluded that what help our Lord means me to give to you I have given. ... It will not do for you to shape your own course, and then expect to be assisted in it. Our wills and desires must be conformed to the will and order of God. . . . You have the workhouse and tho mendicity societies, which are the natural end proper channels through which to got bodily assistance; we can no more choose for ourselves how we can get clothed and fed than we can choose a religion for our selves. . . . Tho thought of tho divine love is intended to help us in our humiliation. If we see wilfully trying to take ourselves out of our humiliation and penance, tho protection of God will cease towards us, , , , I have decided that this shall be the last i letter I shall ever write to you. If you wrote to we,, I should probably not consider it a part of my work to answer." And so, with a direction as to whom his correspon- dent's confession is to bo made, this sacerdotal Tartuffe concludes his effusion of unctuous irony and nauseating cant. So far as doctrines, whose best commentary is such a letter as the foregoing, have any popular effect, it must be to bring revealed religion into obloquy and distrust. If infidelity, if a crass, stubborn, unintelligent atheism are spreading amongst the working classes in this country, it is chiefly the ministers of the religion of Ritualism who are to blame. They commence with the effort to create a scare ; the next stage is a hopeless con- fusion between right and wrong ; tho final impres- sion is one of bitter animosity against supernatural faith. Whether the machinations and the results of this malignant priestcraft can be rooted out by law may be an open question. But there is one thing which the law can do ; if it cannot check the illicit publication of the detestable books to which we have alluded, it can at least prevent the opera» tions of Anglican sacerdotalism from being con- ducted under false pretences, and from trading upon a credit to which they are not entitled. The bishops in convocation have shelved tho whole question of the confessional for the present by referring it to a select committee. It would, of course, be in tho power of the bishops to refuse to admit to their dioceses members of the Society of the Holy Cross, and to place the whole tribe of Anglican confessors under an effective ban. This power it is extremely improbable that they will exercise, seeing that on Friday last there was a strong disposition among the prelates to constitute themselves the apologists of the confessional. It may be, as some of them contended, that the confes- sional is legalised and a permissive right by the Book of Common Prayer. So muoh the worse for the Book of Common Prayer, is the obvious answer, if the Society of tho Holy Cross is acting in confor mity with its rubrics. But the same secular agencies which made those rubrics can unmake them. It is for the State, it is for Parliament, to decide whether the officers of the State religion shall be the teachers and evangelists of a religion which is neither pure nor undented ; whether they shall take advantage of their position as English clergymen to sap the best and closest relations of English family life, and to inculcate practices which aro clearly opposed to all the dictates of social morality. The Primate has denounced these men as conspirators against the Reformed Church ; they are worse than this they are conspirators against our social peace and happiness. English manliness and independence of character are a unique growth, because English emancipation from tho traditions of priestcraft is unique also. If the responsible rulers of the Church will not or cannot prevent a process that must end in the reversal of all this, it will be for the civil power to extirpate tho evil. /TVXYGBN IS LIFE. > Although the modern Materia Medica in f eludes many valuable remedies for > human ' afflictions, it is a matter of certainty that in all cases where the > animal vitality is failing, PHOSPHORUS is decidedly superior to every other > remedy at present known. It will work effects ' such as nothing else w ill > produce, and it possesses the great advantage of not causing, when its use , is relinquished, the slightest reaction or de- pression. Protected by Royal Letters Patent, Dated October 11th, 1869. " UNDER DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE. DR. BRIGHT'S ,'PHOSPHODYNE. (OZONIO OXÏGBN.) The New Curative Agent, and only Reliable " Remedy for Nervous and Liver Complaints. This Phosphatic combination is pronounced by the most eminent members of the Medical Profession to be unequalled for its power in replenishing the vitalityof the body, by its ' supplying all tho essontial constituents of the blood and nerve substance, and for developing all tho powers and functions of the system to . the highest degreo. It is agrceablo to the palate, and innocent in its action, while retaining all its extraordinary properties ; and as a specific, surpassing all the 'known therapeutic agents of the prcsont day for the speedy and pormanont euro of "Nervous Fiastrutiou Lissitudo Livor Complaints ¡'lioituusof Breath Palpitation of the Heart Trembling of the Hands Ditsiness and Limbs < Noises in the Head and Ear« Impaired Nutrition . Loss of Energy and Appetite Mental and Physical De Hypochondria pression Female Complaints Consumption (in its first General Debihty stages ouly) Indigestion Timidity Flatulence [ness Eiuptions of the Skin í Incapacity for Study or Busi- Nervous Debility in all Impaired Sight and Memory its Stapes Nervous Fancies Sick Headache premature Decline Impoverished Blood And all morbid conditions of the system arising ^rom whatever cause. The action of the Phos "'phodyno io twofold-on the one hand increasing the principle which constitutes nervous energy, tand on the other the most powerful blood and 'flesh generating agont known ; therefore, a ' marvellous medicino for renovating impaired and broken-down constitutions. It quickly im " proves the functions of assimilation to auch a degree, that where ' for years an emaciated, anxious, cadaverous, and somi- vital condition has existed, the flesh will rapidly increase in ' quantity and firmness, and tho whole Bystem return to a state of robust health. The Phos i.phodyno acts electrically upon the organisation ;' S luman electricity which renews and rebuilds ihe osseous, muscular, nervous, membranous, apd'qrganio systems. It operates on the Bystem * 'without exciting care or thought upon the indi- vidua} as to the process. It moves the lungs, 'liver, heart, kidneys, stomach, and intestines, with a harmony, vigour, yet mildness un- paralleled in medicine. ? < The Phosphodyne gives back to the human structure, in a suitable form, the phosphoric or' animating element of life, which has been wasted, and exerts an important influence "directly on the spinal marrow aud nervous system, of a nutritive, tonic, and invigorating character, maintaining that buoyant energy of "the brain and muscular system, which renders fhs mind cheerful, brilliant, and energetic, ' , eptirpjy overcoming that dull, inactive, and jjiiuggisp. deposition which many persons ex .perience in all their actions. -, ,' The beneficial effects of the Phosphodyne are i frequently shown from the first day of its ad i ministration,by a remarkable increase of nervous, "power, with a feeling of vigour and comfort, to ' which the patient has long been unaccustomed.. 'Digestion is improved ; the appetite increases' ' wonderfully ; the bowels become regular ; the' ' eyes brighter ; the ßkm clear and healthy ; and 'ino hair acquires strength, showing the ini . por tance of the action of the Phosphodyne on >the organs of nutrition. i . Finally, the Phosphodyne maintains a certain -¿logree of activity in tho previously debilitated' ?-nervous oyatem ; its use enables all debilitated' -organs to return to their sound stato andper \- jfbrpi their natural functions. PersonB suffering °from Nervous Debility, or any of the hundred 'symptoms which this distressing disoasp assumes, ¡may rest assured of au effectual and evan speedy j pure by the judicious use of this moat invaluable ? remedy. - DB, BRIGHT« PHOSPHODYNE Ia sold only i in Oases at 10s, Od. by all Chemists and Patent «-?? ' ^ledioine Vendors throughout the Globe. i J Full'pirections for Use in the English, Frenoh, 'german, Italian, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, '-JlusBian, Danish, Turkish, Persian, Hindustani, MadrasBO (Tamul), Bengalee, Chinese and "Japanese Languages, accompany each Case. i'-.JMT CAUTION.-The large and increasing ^demand for Du. BEIOHT'S PHOSPHODYNE has 'Jèd to several imitations under similar names ; "purchasers of this medicine should therefore be .,_CBreful to observe that each Case bears the .jSngliah Government Stamp, with the words \"Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne" engraved thereon » (white letters on a red ground), and that the ''same words are also blown in the Bottle, Every \- Oase bears tho Trade Mark and Signature of "Patentee. 1,' WHOLESAM AGENTS FOR ' Vlotoria : FELTON, GRIMWADE, k Co., Melbourne, "New South Wales : ELLIOTT, BROS., Sydney. ' South Australia : FAULDINO it Co., Adelaide. . Queensland, BERKLEY & TAYLOR, Brisbane. i New Zealand, KESIPTHOKNE, PROSSER, & Co., Dunedin > . and Auckland, f.i EXPOKT AGENTS : -MOBTOS, W ATMET, & Co., 107, Southwark -street .j., London, 8.E. .EVANS, LEOBBB, k EVANS, 60, Bartholomew Clue, ", Loudon, E.G. BURGOYNE, BURBIDQES, k Co., 1C, Coleman-street, London. "MAW, SON, & THOMPSON, 12, Aldorsgate-streot, 1 London. BARCLAY & SONS, 05, Farringdon-street, London, ,'F. NEWBERY & SONS. 37, Newgate-street, London. i O. OCBLINQ & Co., 30, St. Mary Axe, London, JBTONI k Co., lti, Georgo-street, Mansion House, X .: London, E.G. i CAMPBELL & Co., 168, Leadenhall-street, London. BODNEVIALLE & Co., 2, Brabant Court, Philpot Laue, .i (London. COLLEY te Co., 19, Great AVinchostor-stroot, London, K. BROOKS te Co., St. Peter's Chambers, Cornhill, i London. DAVIS k SOPER, 14, Fencliurcli-streot, London. J. SANDER k SONS, 150, Oxford-stieet, Loudon, W. R. H. MILLARD & SONB, 44, Uaibicau, London, E O. J. TODD, 31, St. Swithm's Lane, London. iK. CLEAVER (late HANNEY & Co.), 3D, Great Portland intreet, London, W. WitoWABBS, 38, Old Chang», London, B.C. 6296 